«*f
„As,>!*; .hi*, ."Wf\«’,’»mi|i3^ •'»> V -'■,,r
A Coed Peper This Morning
A Coed Dene# This Ereniim
Volume 53, No. 35
West Lafayette, .Indiana
Friday, October 17# ISMIl
Cheering Crowd Sends A #1 Onff Boilermakers To Ohio
By Ann Wickard
Three hundred coeds, collected by the Gold Peppers from the sorority houses and halls, led the largest pep procession of the year across the levee to give the Boilermaker team a cheering, yelling, enthusiastic sendoff to Ohio State. The “Petticoat Parade” was joined at the Union by the entire team, who climbed into the black and gold decorated convertibles of Bill Spengler, Walt Clinnin, Dick DeGarmo, Tom Cherrington, Jordan McCarthy and Jake Davis. ' From far back in the procession, horns were honking and signs were waving—“Bust the Buckeyes,” “Black the Buckeyes.” Traffic was stopped from the .....
Union acr.oss the entire levee, while the gang marched, taking up the whole width of the street. Cars moved' three deep down the hill, halting a Greyhound bus. The passengers and driver, however, joined in the enthusiasm of the parade.
Players Line Up
At the station all the players were lined up on a platform wired with loudspeakers. Cheerleader Dick DeGarmo introduced Jim Miller, cocaptain of th§ team. Miller’s speech was short and to the point, “What else could we do but win.” Co-cap-tain Tom Melton said this was the team’s big opportunity and they were going to cash in on it. Bob Hajzyk talked in Polish a few minutes. After repeated demands he translated, “We’re going down there to knock their ears off, and we won’t come back till we do!”
Between short talks by members of ^ ^ „
The Foster-Wheeler Corp., of Chicago received the contract for
University Trustee Board Concludes Quarterly Session Group Lets Contracts Accepts 23 Scholarships Quarterly meeting of the University Board of Trustees was concluded yesterday afternoon. One of the important actions taken at the two day session was the awardrng of a contract to A. L. Kemmer, local contractor, for a cooling tower for the water used in the condensers of the turbines of the power
Announces Coeds
Lee Bossong, Donna :
Donna Siess
To Discuss Problems Of National Defense
the team the band played and cheerleaders again led the crowd in yells. Traffic Halts For Snake Dance With the last rousing cheer, the train pulled out of the station at 7:40 p.m., leaving a still inspired parade which snake danced back across the levee. The cheer-leaders led eds and coeds through halted traffic, weaving in and out between cars, as the band continued playing.
the construction of the tower with a bid of $17,014 and Henry Laminers of Lafayette was low bidder on the electrical wiring with a figure
of $3,739.
Other Actions Taken Among other actions taken by the Board and announced by President E. C. Elliott were the following: The acceptance of a $5,000 gift
Gold Peppers joined by Skull and
Crescent began the “Petticoat Pa- ^ton, of Berkeley, California to
rade” at the Pi Phi house. Prom there they Went to the Residence
establish a Student Loan Fund in memory of her son, Lee Farrar
Halls and the Delta Gamma, Kappa j^^nston, ”99 Civil Engineering Kappa Gamma, Chi Omega, Alpha (j.^duate, who died in 1902.
Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta so-
rorities.
(Continued on page 4) Military Band To Compete With Buckeye Musicians At Columbus Tomorrow Military Band will also enter the competition at the Ohio State game tomorrow. The band, anxious tc compare its new formations with the crack Buckeye State band, just learned that it was to go. The enthusiastic reception of the band at the game last year has led to a friendly livalry between the two musical organizations. Both will attempt to excel each other, After two weeks of intensive training for this particular game, the Military band will attempt to exceed its own record foi precision marching, formations, and fine music. a.m.p.
The authorization to change the name of the department of farm management to the department of agricultural economics effective next July 1. Ag Scholarships Accepted University’s School of Agriculture has accepted 21 scholarships with a value of $3,375 for fresh(Continued on page 4) Agonomic Club Holds Year's Inifial Meet'ing Agonomic Club will hold its first meeting of the year tonight in room 363 of the Union at 8 p. m. The meeting is to be a get-together affair for the club members and their
wives.
Dr. P. A. Henderson of the farm management department will preside. Dr. G. 0. Mott ol the agronomy department will sing, and the rest of the evening will be given to games, contests, music, and dancing. s.b.
Rambling Reporter Takes Poll Among Male Home Ec Students
By Doris Pickering Five University men, Ervin Kemiecik, freshman? Wible Hiner, freshman; Paul Baumgardt, sophomore; Carl Gobbel, junior; and Wilmer E; Burget, senior, claim the distinction of being the only eds to pioneer their future in the Home Economics School at the present time. According to Carl Gobbel this is how he decided on Institution Management as his caieei: “I became interested in cooking when I was a small child. I made cakes and stuff out of flour, baking powder, lots of salt and lots of pepper which one of the neighbor ladies ate with relish. You see, sfie could not taste. That gave rpe confidence and incentive to go.” They Have yV Reason Each ed seems to have had some definite reason for entering Home Ec, although some are a little reticent about telling why. Mists Edith Gamble, head bf instithe oEtion io
which all five males are cm oiled, assures all inquirers that the fellows’ attitude is excellent and their ability in foods compares with any
girl’s in the school. Good Field For Men
There apparently is a good field for males in institution management. Harold Hawes, Dietetics ’41, the first ed to graduate from the Home Ec school, has been working in Philadelphia since last June. Accoiding to piesent plans he will soon find himself in the army (for one reason or another) as a food buyer in the Quartermaster Corps. Intending to do hotel and restaurant management, Carl Gobbel says, “Financially I will look down on the poor engineers who will be selling shoes in a cut-rate shoestore.” As a final plea in favor of the Home Ec school, Carl suggests that “some of you poor lost souls on the far north campus change to gome Ec before it is too late.”
Foundry problems in national defense will be discussed ip the Joint Regional Foundry Conference today and tomorrow in the Union. In addition to promoting discussions of current problems, the conference is held to encourage better acquaintance and coopeiation among foundry men in the district. Foundrymen may register today at 9 a. m. in the Union lobby. At the same time, however, there will be a discussion of the subject “Properties and Uses of Casting” for students and foundrymen in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building.
Sessions
I Simultaneous sessions will continue from 10 a. m. until 12 noon and from 2 p. m. until 4 p. m. today. Tomorrow’s sessions will be held from 9:30 until 11:30 a. m. and 1 until 3 p. m. At these times, subjects relative to gray and malleable cast iron, steel, and non-ferrous-metals will be presented by prominent foundrymen from all parts of the country. A joint chapter meeting will follow the sessions today at 6:30 p. m. Ill the east and west faculty lounges. At this time Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, will give a welcome address followed by a talk, “Shortages — Material and Otherwise,” by Earl L. Shaner, president of Penton Publishing Company in Cleveland, Ohio, e.h.a.
Waiters Needed ^ Twenty-five men or coed students, who do not have 1 o’clock classes today, are needed to serve a luncheon from noon until 1:45. Please call the Union cafeteria ofhcc before 11 a. m.
PARKHURST.
Kappa Delta Pi Plans Semester's Activities Kappa Delta Pi, educational honor aiy, held their first business meeting on October 14. Activities for the semester were outlined. A breakfast sponsored at the State Teachers Convention will be one of the highlights. The University chapter is planning to assist with the meeting of the Progressive Educational Society to be held on this campus November 1. Pall pledges will be announced some(ime this week. Initiation for these pledges will be held at the initiation banquet in the Union, on October 28. The speaker for the banquet will be Prof. P. R. Hall of the history department, c.w.
Siess Will Head New Business Deparlmenf Announcement was made last night of the appointment of Donna Siess as coed business manager and Lee Bossong as office maniager of the newly organized Exponent coed business staff. Junior positions were assigned to Francis Lloyd, Jean Frankenberry, and Julia Martin. The junior and senior staff will be assisted by sophomore workers. The work is divided into art, merchandising and stenography depart-
ments.
The art staff will write and con-
struct ads and do layout work. The merchandising staff will make up copy for national advertisers and
handle women’s advertising. The stenographic staff will take
care of all routine office work con-
nected with the business staff. A callout was held yesterday aft-
ernoon at which time sophomore workers signed up to work. From the sophomore staff next year’s jun-
ior staff will be elected, r.h.r.
Annual Military Ball
Decoration Contest Will Begin Today Decoration contest for the annual
Military Ball November 14 will begin today, according to an an-
Lee Bossong
Veterinarians Attend
Hear Ohio State Dean
“If the nation’s seven billion dollars worth of livestock is to be protected adequately from threatening diseases, there should be an increase in number of veterinary colleges and departments established,” declared Dean 0. V. Brumley, of Ohio State University’s Veterinary College, last night m an address before several hundred Indiana veterinarians attending the annual banquet of the University Veterinary short course. Dr. Brumley stated that the facilities and personnel of the pie-
Cisne To Provide Music
f
At Annual AWS Dance Annual Gold Diggers Ball, sponsored by AWS, will be held tonight from 9 to 12 p.m. in both ballrooms of the Union with Dick Cisne and his band from the University of Illinois providing the music. This is the first coed bid dance of the year when the coeds reverse the date etiquette and provide dinners, corsages, cokes, and transportation. A prize will be awarded for the most original corsage, according to Jane Server, social chairman of AWS and general chairman for the dance. The judg-
Forensic Honorary Will Convene Here At Annual Congress Stewart Will Address Convention Luncheon Fourth annual congress of Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensic honorary, will be held on the campus today and tomorrow. Registration will take place from 10 a. m. until 12 noon in the great hall of
the Union.
The purpose of the congress is to give speaking experience to the members and to allow them to meet members from other chapters. The schools which are to be represented are Western State Teachers College, Indiana University, Manchester College, Earlham College, Butler University, Indiana State Teachers College, Wabash College, Evansville College, and
Hanover College. Stewart To Speak
A luncheon will be held at 12 noon at which Margo Fargo of Indiana will preside. Prof. George Beau
ing will take place at 10:15 p.ia. before the intermission. Most Eligible Bachelor Award Also at that time the votes for the most eligible bachelor will' be counted and the winner will receive an award. Ballots for the election are attached to the tickets and voting will take place until the ballots
are counted.
Dick Cisne and his band have played for the past two years. Cisne and his band are known as one of
Dick Cisne
sent veterinary colleges should be ^
nouncement received last night greatly increased to render more champ of Manchester College and from the Ball Committee. The an- adequate service to the demands R. B. Stewart, University controlnual contest is open to the entire jj^ade upon them. ler, will speak. student body, and the winner will „ . . j- • ^ ^ -n u i. u t ™ 1. j j. j s.1. Veterinary Medicine Growing A banquet will be held at 6 p. m.
leceive a free bid to the dance, the In discussing veterinary educa-
tion, the speakei said, “Today the Hall, of the history department, ever incieasing impoitance of vet- will give an address entitled The ei inary medicine has been recog- Frying Pan and the Fire.” Other nized by all thinking people. New speakers will be Prof. A. H. Monlines of vetei inary service have I’oe of the speech department and
bi.in.so, dim xcaoiuiii-o-. xiii ooened UP in which the entile field Prof. Lionel Crocker of Dennison u^oo ««« mg will be done by the committee, up m wim-n buc cubixc n coeds wearing formats and the
Bob Stecker, committee member been bioadened beyond w at niversi y. business suits,
in charge of decorations, said that was ever thought possible by the Officers of the local chapter of ^ Chaperons
contest entries may be submitted to o»dei men in the piofession. How- Tau Kappa Alpha aie Janet Morehim at the Student Senate office any ever, the future will require a high- house, president; Robert Weiss, , er type of veterinaiy service in or- vice-president; and Ed Johnson, _ “®*d irom lU.dfl to 11 p.m^in
der that our livestock industiy will secretary-treasurer, m.a.f
committee stated.
Designs and suggestions submitted for the backdrops and other decorative artistry will be judged on the basis of originality, appropriateness, and feasibility. All judg-
the most widely traveled bands-in
the mid-west.
Backdrop Day Dream
The backdrop for the dance depicts a Purdue ed dreaming of giris
thrnrthbaffiooi^“pr2 Frank who are busy bringing him coke^,
helping him with his wraps and
convertible.
Street dresses will be the correct attire for coeds. The AWS executive board voted this year to discontinue semi-formal dress with
time befoi e the deadline at noon on
Oct. 24. f.i.j.
WBAA Round Table To Discuss Saroyan Lafayette Little Theatre members will discuss William Saroyan and his dramatic works in a round table discussion over WBAA tonight at 7 p.m., under the direction of Kelly Yeaton. Dr. Richard Cordell, Miss Janet Decker and Mrs. Harriet Mueler will discuss with Director Yeaton some of Saroyan’s Broadway successes and deal mainly, in a critical review, with his “Time Of Your Lite.” A short preview to next week’s half hour performance will be given. Weekly programs are presented over WBAA by the Lafayette Little Theater, with the aim to have one Friday’s discussion precede a
be saved from the ever increasing new problems of disease that are costing the fanners now $300,000,000 a year, most ol which are pre-
ventable.”
Demand For Veterinaries The veterinaiiaq, like the physician, was said to be a necessity growing in pace with the progress of modern civilization, said the speakei, but it is growing more rapidly than the profession is able to meet it, unless our piesent educational facilities can be rather rapidly augmented. Other speakers on the program, which was presided over by Dr. J, L, Axby, Indianapolis, state voter mar lan, included Plot. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, and Dr. L. M. Sears of the history, economics and goveiniiient
department.
The three-day short course will continue through today with series
Ceres To Sponsor Annual Steak Fry This Afternoon Ceres, general agricultural honorary, will sponsor their annual steak fry today at the grove south of the Soils and Crops Farm. Those who plan to attend should meet in front of the Agricultural Hall at 4 p.m. The menu, in addition to the steaks, will include a salad and ice cream. Transportation will be provided and tickets may be obtained from any Ceres member for 30 cents, e.h.a.
the reception room, Agnes McCullough, president of AWS announced. Jane McCouch is chairman of the ticket committee. Tickets are $1.10 and may still be purchased at the residence halls, sorority houses, and the west desk of the Union, a.c.
Game Excursion The ‘Victory Caravan’ excursion to Ohio State has been cancelled because of lack of passengers; however, Band Captain Jj E. Crim announces that there wllfc be an extra coach on the Bandl Special to Columbus for studenta and townspeople. Fare $0.20. ^ 4
short, half-hour presentation of
some dramatic successes on the fol- special clinics scheduled, c.f.h.
lowing broadcast. Tonight’s progiam will be the thud in the series which started October 3, following the increase 111 power and broadcasting time by WBAA. n.e.n.
Tea Dance
. , , sponsored by P.I.A. will be held in the north ballroom of the Union tomorrow afternoon from 3 to 5 p.m. Scores are to be announced during the dance. The admission price will be 10 cents for non-mem-bers, and P.I A. members and coeds will be admitted free.
Forestry Camp To Get Asphalt Drives, Walls Forestry camp is getting new streets and retainer walls for the
drives this year, according to Prof. WBAA.
E. R. Mar tell, head of the forestry
department.
The camp has not had anything but gravel streets in front of the tents and the new streets will be of an asphalt material. The retainer walls on the drives are to hold in
West Side High School Gives Radio Program
West Side High School students will piesent a half-hour’s program
of French musical and dramatic to fight over, works this afternoon at 3:30 over Where They Live
Dean's Office Releases Figures On Coed Room, Board Condition By M. B. Wendell ' j 7"; 7’"’" Our little rumor-man who writes decreased, but an overflowfroto the Ratio has been bemoaning the somewhere has increased the ntrfn,fact that 22 coeds failed to return ^he halls, at home, and to school this year, thus bringing cooperative houses, the male-female ratio from 3.93 to ‘No Significant Changes’ 3.74. To relieve his suffering, we Of the undergraduate women wk® wish to announce that the coed pop- do not live at home, approximately^ ulation is reduced by only 12, leav- 40 per cent live at WRH, 2'^ pep ing the lucky men 10 more women cent in soioiities, 28 per cent' in
rooming houses or with relatives, and 8 per cent in cooperatives. These
If anyone is wondering just last year’s statistics. To quote titom
Saintsaens’ “R’omance” will be where these women are keeping the Dean’s report, “There are nn played on the cello by Cleonice De- themselves, the office of the Dean significant changes from last yemr Kay, accompanied on the piano by of Women has just released a bul- in the percentages housed in varlnua Noel Lee. Ruth Lee will play “Re- Jetin telling all, that is, all except types of living units.” flection on the AVater,” by Debussy, names, addresses, and telephone Although the cui’rent natiofitil Sir Guy -'DeMaupassant’s “The numbers. Actual information is “emergency” hasn’t affected Necklace” will be dramatized in that of the 1365 resident coeds 404 Univei'sity eruollment to any
the gravel which has been washing part, with Phillip Demaiee, Bar- live at WRH, 239 in sororities, 286 extent, it has created a disturtwaSiW. down the gullies in past year. bara Jenkins and Mary Louise Fair- at home, 32 in hospital training In Dean Stratton’s word% The drives and sti eets will be fin- man playing leading parts. In schools, 320 in pi ivate houses and gravest problem facing all livilW ished in time for the next session charge of the program are Mrs. with relatives, and 84 in coopera- groups is of course that of prov{<|> of camp. The faculty also^ hopes to Harriett Mueller and Marshall tive houses. . mg board and room without r8isiW|f have electric lights in the tents be- Howenstein of West Side High This year the number living in so- prices, in the face of the rujBjftly fore that time, j.d.s, School, a.m.p. _ ronties, and ia private residences nsing coats of food and - ' ‘
1
1y'
4 4
Exponent Editorial Page
Friday, October if
^Hie
VttSIIIIKTON MERRY-«0'
dential figuies on Gerl^ian losses on the Russian fiont a total of 72 di- f visions out of action because of men killed, captured oi wounded Of these, 28 divisions were Rumanian Finnish, Slovak and Hungaiian In other woids, 1,080,000 men lost, of which 420,000 weie non-Germans This does not include the tiemendous losses of the past two ijveeks Befoie the diive on Moscow began, Geimany still had about 280 divi
^The Ratio - ’ • • ••fo 1
What Goes Ht^ht
(^n Here?
. . through the efforts of Gold Peppers, for the first tune m many years several hundred coeds were asseipbled to form a parade to see
the team off for Ohio State.
It Was a fine idea on the part of Gold Peppers and it certainly showed great cooperation on the part of the coeds who assembled But, the 3 93 portion of the student body
By Jeame Lauer
Hooiay for the men' We’ie finally going to bleak down an old tradi tion that this column should be le
fl Geimany still had about 280 divi Enough of this talk about the ggryed foi female attiie only, and
sions, 01 appioximately 4,200,000 guys with dates foi Gold Diggeis -^^e’re going to tell what the “style
wjbSL. men, both effectives and supporting let’s give a line or two to those conscious” males ot the University really exerted its influence in breaking up the tioops, spiead along the 3,000-mile who are dateless 3.98 to 1 pioftiotes will be weaiing Yes,^that’S what we enthusiastic band of COed rooters Russian froi|t After the diive is foi next yeai a supei streamlined —what the men will be weai The girls assembled in front of the Union
ovei they can concentrate on date bureau to meet the needs of (jon’t get us wiong—we Britain, Noith Afiica, eventually timid coeds and overlooked ro don’t mean attii cm the line of suits South Ameiica meos But we can’t do eveiything' hats and shoes, lathei, we’ie r 'I- I your dates gomg to tell about the coisages ‘ ** 1 j -r, u eaily foi the lest of this yeai s spoiting at the Gold Dig Eveiy time the Duke and Duchess gged bid affairs geis Ball this P M of Windsor walked thioilgh the lob- game AVGOH ’
cpifoi Officials Divided tt*'r'" "V" "f “TT “r ‘"/‘“‘r" ” r,r> tvip Nft7.i swastika It was woven ..... wr Deninci tne eig o the popular sentiment toward coed endeavors
hd will be wearing a big lubbei ball /■
with an 8 painted on it foi all the campus
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
in one group but from here on it was hai'd going The mob of fellows on foot and in cars descended on them and the coeds had all they could do to dodge flying fists and fragments
of signs that had been torn down
We wonder if this action on the part of the
_ . . . B • f , .a a Phi Gam pm We wondei what On Criticism Ot Britain S mto the carpet, yellow on a field y^^j,
of black Pimcess Julianna also
Inactivity Against Nazis WASHINGTON D C , Oct 16 — The vigoious questions raised by the British people regarding an ex peditionary foice to Euiope have been echoed this week both openly and privately by high officials in
Washington
In some ciicles theie has been
The Delts and the A T O s aren’t
We’re not pleading for any special atten--we like a good time too—but we do
occasionally walked over the hated '"‘T " corsage fea symbol of Mr Hitler’s armies wasting any time these days on Pi tuies a ‘ little gway wat” caught in tion-
It isn’t advertised, but the Aimy Phi pledges Gloria Bell and Maige a trap We don’t REALLY think the think this rowdy element of the men students now has a regular military ail setv fn Might start showing some slight bit of cour-
tesy toward the coeds At least there was no excuse foi their actions last night r h i.
ice across both the North and South TWO, newly acquired pins ^ut the implication is sure enough
Atlantu- oneratimr on schedule, there ’ ^ ® a 1 the Delts Who’s this “Susie” that WGOH’
just as punctual as any commercial wuun g ^ Good dalhng Wade Neal and j^j^ny of the coisages vwill be
Dwight Zeller’Has your Theta pm ^^^sed on standing jokes oi bets girl, Anne Garland, heard about it, poi instance, we ve heard about one Dwight’ ^hat capitalizes on a dunking bet which will sisters haven’t ^he fellow conceined will be made 3 93 to 1 for two weeks decked out in beer cans and piet
What influence coPld
airway in the U
news for the tioops eaten by chig geis in the Louisiana maneuvers
a feeling that with summer gone, + j ,, V, „ UofL- Denton Ciowl of Toledo had just
and the Russian aimy pushed back and back Chui chill has lost his
golden opportunity Other officials, We now have What influence coPld a Dart- ^els, with bunches of money tied on who realize the pi oblem the Biitish mditai y and naval attaches mouth man have on Kappa Jan Yeo- here and there
stationed in London not counting WGOH’
several hundred a mbnth who go and come to observe aerial warfaie, etc Jesse Jones is angling to
face, are not so ciitical
However, gleaned from expert military quarteis, here aie the in-
escapable facts
The Germans now have thirty divisions in Western Europe. Counting about 15 000 men to a division (though the number vanes), this means about 450,000 men But of these, it is doubtful if Hitler’s generalissimos could risk using more than ten divisions, or 150,000 men, to oppose the British The other troops would have to be scattered over France, Jugoslavia, Czechoslovakia to prevent uprisings That is one advantage of attacking at this time—the belligerent spirit m
the occupied areas
of opinion
about the Betas ’
What seems to be the trouble with Phi Psi’s Wilt Farley and Bud
You’ll see one boy paiadin., about with a big gold ball on his lapel (Get it’ GOLD diggeis BALL )
ret John Hmtz or^mal kirg ofthe Hoffei-funny that they should both Qtheis will be forced to wear dog
be arrested for improper parking collars, and we know of one that You’d think they would know better diessed up in a wi^ by now WGOH’ Marge Study and Gina OBiyan This should give you a wee small have recently taken over a major pieview of what to expect loni.,ht
The Bottle Keck
Oui boss inspired this one Ho staggered into the office the othei day after spending a day in the University Power Plant making some kind of a test It seems that ill senioi Mechanicals have to make
this test and that it lasts from seVeH m th^mornin^ to five at night Foi which the boys are givpn credit for a regular three hour lab The bdss WdsHt happy about it His cords weie seven shades dirtier and two pounds heavier, he said, and the damned t were starting to fight back when he wanted to bend them at the knees for walking purposes According to him thfe only redeeming featuiejof the whole ten hour lat race (they dotft cVen get to go out for lunch) was the sense of humor of the men that woik theie As evidence he offered the following lules which are hung on the wall of the tumfle room (Spelling and punctuation are the engineers own) POWER PLANT RULES 1 When you enter the 'I’urbine room you may spit on the flooi throw yom cigar and cigarette butts anyplace and track in all the mud you want to 2 Put youi hands and feet on all polished oi biight work, you will then know if it is smooth, hot ot cold, this will give the engineei more work and use up surplus polish 3 Stay in the Tuibihc and Boiler loohis as Ibng as you please, the engincei and fireman have nothing else to do but enteitiin you 4 Be suie to tell the cngmeei if the Turbines aie not running light He will not know unless yoU do He will stop the Tin bines and make lepaiis while jou wait 5 Don’t tell the engineer who you are he is a mnld reader and always knows who you are Do anything in the Turbine room you want to This will please the engineer 6 Advise him what to do at any time no matter how busy he is for he is only here every day and does not have a chance to see as much as you would 7 If the engineer is busy making lepaiis, stop him and tell him a stoiy and if possible get in his way as much as you can This will be of great help to him 8 Be sure and tell the engineei all you know, it won t take long 9 Call again anytime and bung your Pa and Ma with you -• iiLi
IM Schedules
Yellow Taxis in Chicago, appointed to the Maritime Commission Officially there is no censoiship ir Canada but the Canadian ex change and finance bureau take a
careful peek at any letters which fin Lamb s Incoi they think might contain money- Poiated-and people do talk, you
especially from American banks
Mysterious Guns
During his private conference with congressional leaders preced ing his special message on revision of the Neutrality Act the Piesi dent made a significant statement
regarding guns
boys Don t get worried and don t get cold feet—for no inattci how ciazy your coisage may be there
1 00 I 10 1 00 4 40
He told the legislative chiefs the
Contrasted with this Nazi force. Navy now has enoug-h guns to arm the British have an army of more all U S ineichant ’^ssels that will than 2 000,000 men concentrated in require them
know
What kind of Golden Anniversary be'^others even ci uici
was it that several of the Thetas, Kappas, and Betas were so fond of at then treasure hunt out at the
Bluffs last week end’
It s common opinion these days, that the Phi Psi s are a bunch of “good” little boys—especially after their kid party the other night
BADMINTON Friday October 17 S n r V SI o \ Iter l\1e n/ r vs Bel ny St u ton vb Clc ir V t Wonncll \b Knobby TOUCHBALL Friday October. 17
Ag Seminar Program
Monday Features Drake “Observations on Southern Agn culture,” a talk to be presented by Mack Drake, graduate assistant, will be featured on the first pro gram of the Agronomy department Semrnar nr the Agriculture Hall on Monday October 20 The meeting
will last from 4 to 5 p m
The seminar has a dual purpose
‘ It may take as much as a month It enables the instructors and the
Also to be considered is the fact bring some of these ships into research and experimental staffs
the United Kingdom In the Near East they have 1,500,000, with another half million in the Far East, India and Singapore But of the 2 000 000 men in England only about 750,000 are fully equipped with modern mechanized weapons This is a small and ineffective number compared with the total German ainry, but not small when compared with the German army now guar ding Wester n Em ope
Britain Waits
That was all the President said about the weapons The leaders asked no questions and he volunteered no information regarding the number of guns available, then type where they are, or how they were ob tamed His only othei observa tion was to stress the importance of speedy legislative ac tion because of the time required to arm a merchant ship
Faculty Members interested in placing bndmin ton are invited to attend the first official Eaculty Badminton Club meeting next Wednesday rt 7 30 p m at the womens „ym Last year there were forty members who played in tournaments within them selves and had a smiles b idmmton contest This year a mixed doubles tourniment is being planned Buds and Racquets aie piovided and ex peiience IS not necessary cfh
S I, 1 N Ti anfclc M B Bunh u i Pi Kappa Alpha vs Waul JJ r Katr ity W ul !■> vs W 1 11 W B rf,hni It W cl 10 Wii 1 S W V S tphans Wa 1^1 W u 1 ^ R Wentt Wircl 2r s W 1 1 12 PI on W) I 2 vs Ward 27 r M V 1 Waid S VS W ul 10 R J Jo s
The
Perry Printers Prmling in Tune With the Times
Phone 7804
332 Northwestern Ave
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION Our method of instruction assures you of becoming a good dancer without delay BEGINNERS CLASS OPENS TUES , NOV 4, 7:30 P. M. P M Allen Nationally Known Instructor Dance Instructor Culver Military Academy Past Pres of National Ass n Masters of Dancing
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
that if Hitler could not invade Eng land last year the British would have a tough time making a landing in Fiance now supei fortified by the Nazis On the other hand
diydock and mount guns” he ex
plained
None of the congiessioiial lead ajo laised the point but Roosevelt’s assertion that the Navy now has all
the British would find thousands of necessaiy guns levealed a dif Frenchmen ready to help them, to- situation fiom the one he
to become acquainted and also has an educational aim Di Cutler a member of the department for fif teen years and chairman of the sem mar reports that these meetings have been exceptionally well at
tended in the past e h a
gethei with Dutch Norwegians, Spanish if they should land in those countiies Therefore in the minds of U S military experts, the explanation of British inactivity boils down to exactly this For nearly two years the British have been training an army to defend their island, not to attack Troops are still being trained in preventing invasion, not invading the enemj’s area In addition all the training of the British army for the past fifty years has been based upon the sup position that it could depend upon the mass army of Fiance Recently, the Bntrsh began to shift their tactics Realizing that some day they would have to take the offensive they began building up an attacking aimy But then stiategy called foi the offensive not until 1943 And when the golden oppoi tunity came this past summer, the British just could not change then stiategy fast enough Note —Here arc the latest confi
had pictured about a month ago
At the White House confei
ence his last fireside broadcast, in which he denounced Nazi at tacks on U S ships, the President was asked by a cOngres sional leader why measures were not taken to arm the ves sels His reply was, “We
haven t got the guns ” Where and how the guns were obtained is his seciet
Note —One of the six Senate votes cast against the Neutrality Act when it was passed in 1937 was
by Senator Hiram Johnson
IRIENDLY SERVICE Bonded Gas and Oil T. & R. OIL CO., Inc.
for an unpaid debt On the Club s last posting of debtor accounts is this item “Manfied Zapp, $16 10” The American Association for Economic Fieedom has lepiintcd an address made more than ten years ago by Federal Judge Robert N Wilkin of Cleveland on ‘ A New So cial Oidei ’ in which he advocated a unjon of the English speaking countries to resist the totalitaiian aggressors Ace Washington newsman Dan Kidney, who coined
The the watchword “You’ve got to lick
Cahfoiman caustically denounced Hitler or lick his boots ’ says the the measuie as an abrogation of theme song of foes of aid to Russia tiaditional U S rights on the sea should be “I can’t give you any and mocked the idea that it was an thing but love, baby” Heavy aid to peace Yet despite this stand weight champ Joe Louis soon to be Johnson now a bitter isolationist diafted, is tackling what he de Roosevelt hatei, will oppose the scribes as “the biggest fight of my Piesidcnts pioposals for revision career” He has sent a circular let of the Neutrality Act tei to eveiy member of Congiess Merry-Go-Round asking them for help to raise a Manfied Zapp long beaked chief fund foi a movement to impiove the ol the Nazi news agency who was economic condition of negroes dtpoited several months ago, is (Copyright, 1941 by United Tea u anted by the National Press Club ture Syndicate, Inc )
LUMA
TODAY - SAT.
umnieTK TODAY - SATURDAY
ROBERT STACK ANH RUTHERFORO RICHARD DIX
MmMM
MILES TAYLOR A Columbia Picturo
fijuJusUuL £xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided tor in section 1103, act ot October 3, 1J917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday duiing the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier tor $3 50 per year, mail subbcripUons, $4 00.
Sports Staff
ARC
TODAY-SATURDAY—
TH^EASTSIDEKIOS
BOBRYJORDAN LEO GORCEY
Editor m Chief News Editor
BumneiiK Manager
Ned A Ochiltree John L Iraugott Don S Powers
Editor Absociate Editors
Phil C Johnson 0 T Clark J D Fraser J S Keeler
Publication Staff
Managing Editor Leland W Rulfner /tssoeiate editors J h Amos J H Armstiong D T Brophy K L Hadky h i Jones K G Kitptr Business Staff Local AdvcrtlBing Mdi ai; rs K K Gj mre K E Saxton Circulation Manatcr W 1 Btl) Atcounts Manager W D Millard
Phones. Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792, Editorial After 10 P M , 5377 Eepresented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Service Ine College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
sn 11 w
TODAY
TOMORROW
TWO SPOOKERS THAT WILL EVEN GIVE GHOSTS GOOSE PIMPLES'
/a EDGAR WALLACE SV
LAWSON^
I ~ Bernord Lee Ai Him Whntner j]
EDGAR WALLACE S Joprem ftoru/ >
iMYfTERYl '
fRMiCf
G E MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St Dial 5952
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
FRANK'S PLACE Quick Service — Good Food ALWAYS OPEN 111 Northwestern Ave
EAT AT TOM'S TODAY S MONEY SAVING SPECIAL — Del c ous Tasty Amer can Style Chop Suey Steamed Head R ce Garden Fresh String Beans Fluffy Mashed Potatoes Hot Rolls and Butter Beverage FREE! Present this ad for one of our Big Delicious Sundaes—a spetcal in itself TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 Univeisily Street
SATURDAY — ONE DAY ONLYtUmstiMmiuu
FREDDIE and GALE LARUE WIT HUMOR AND MUSIC
THE GALE SEXTETTE THREE LADS AND THREE GALS
MARY MORGAN QUEEN OF THE DANCERS
RITA DAWN SONGSTRESS The Show s Surpr e Package
10- HIT PARADERS-10 FEMININE CHARM AND BEAUTY THE RHYTHM SWINGSTERS
—ADMISSION,—
28c'"'
12 00 to 2 00 P
Tax
2 00 P M TO CLODlNti Mam Floor 444 inc tax
33eine tax
Children (all day) 17c me tax —Stage Show! At— 2 00 4 00 715 10 00 LAST COMPLETE SHOW at 10 00
PLUS—A SWELL SCREEN SHOW . Charlie Chan Traps a Beaufiful Killer's Klllei- in Gay RUti oumiEciiM-fenJ
' A
lli *
1 't'rmay, Ocfbh^r 17
ParaSfe
iMm
.... ' .t/'
Will Witness
^u^rnny Scrimj^M^e/trmtcSt^
A v^lsairdtie’S grMirOn hopefulsj-A 3«6 sti:ong/left, heKe after a grandjAendoff by the student body at 7:30 on a special train Jast» night'fo£ Columbus, Ohio,) where |;he Boilermakers hope to. fare well against a heavily favored Ohio State eleven, Sat-‘!drday,-‘in;thd Big ^Nine opener for both teams. Petty, Caftef Doubtful v , A Jiohn Petty-and Red Garter were included on the'travelling ;Squad but it is doubtful if they will see action Saturday until
a last minute check up on their con-
Meet the Team Pi‘eSenting,.i
dition. John Galvin, veteran half- and Pittsburgh. Tomoinow will be backi ife still confined to the hospit- the test between Ohio State’s exial recovering from a fracture of a nellertt offensive passing and the
facial bone and Pinky Warren and Riveter’s’ fine (|efensive.
P^rry French are also on the doubt- There was no'heavy workout yesful list. • terday, just dummy scrimmage with Coach Elward is using five pun^' and pass drills to guard
sophomore’ baeks^to carry the brunt against injuries,
of, the attack; Those probably sOe- Coach Mai Elward and the team ing plenty of action in the big game g^jig staying at Magnetic Springs tomorrow are: Kenny Smock, Bob Hganji Resort, resting up for the Hajzyk, Bob Johnson, Bob Chester, game. They will leave for Ohio State Francis Meakim, and John Andre- before game time, Saturday,
tich.
■ Vincent “Rocky” Snyder Will probably replace Petty at starting fullback with Tony Berto, letterman veteran, taking'over the right fullba<:k post. LaVern King and Bill Combs,' ends; Italo Rossi and Pete Tittiperman, tackles; and Go-cap-tains Tom Melton and Jim Miller, guards, will probably make up the remaihder of the line up. Passing And Blocking Emphasized
The complete travelling squad follows: ENDS—William Combs, Charles Devine, LaVern Kiiig, Forrest McGaffry, James Rush, William Shi-
mer.
TACKLES—Barry French, Italo Rossi, Ray Stoeltihg, Herman Timperman, Carl Volkman, Bruce War-
ren.
GUARDS—Charles Ehrlich, Tom Melton, James Miller, William Pow-
By Jane Ramsdell
• LbsI* Minute Stl'iitiniage “We have a good oui;fit and hope to beat Ohio State thia Courageously striving to overcome^ the severe handicap/of nuni Coach-Herman Phillipsyesterdaybuthfel^racinjuries, the team put their heart and soul into the last practice before ,, _ ^ S ^ tomorrow’s game with Ohio.State. The players dashed enthusiastically ^ice golf course where the cToss-couiitry squad held ^ pfeabout thfe field in ill-fittihg fed and white jerseys, trying various plays meet warmup. The seven squad members travelling By car that looked O. K. By the way, the team seems to be pretty good at mak- will leave here today for Columbus and will stay over for the
ing passes. game tomorrow. .
In spite of their handicap, the team seems to have that old fighting Wednesday to select the team mem-.
bers travelling to Columbus. The seven survivors, headed by Gapt. Ed Holderman and Woody . » A;,..r / —
spirit, they’re all hep as was evidenced by the player who screamed, '“Let’s get in there gang,” as they piled into each other. It’s the drive that wins the game and out boys seem to be right in there fighting.
• Angles On The Team
Looking at the team from all angles as they go through the plays, it appears that their short passes will be the outstanding feature in favor
of the Boilermakers. It is rumored that the -Buckeyes are pretty tough will be able to run, although Dues- . . , ler will be handicapped from the re-
Appletoh, long distance runners, include Kemp, Roach, Duesler, McLaughlin, and Jarvis. Jarvis and Duesler contrary, to earlier fears
' suits of a painful arch injury, Editor’s N'ttte: The following telegram was received last night from the Rij,der Out football squad and Staff en route to Columbus and the Ohio State game.
It is addressed to the entire student body..
Brown Begins Initial Year As College Coach
INDIANAPOLIS, 8:44 P.M. BILL JOHNSON, SPORTS EDITOR, PHRDHE EXPONENT’PURDUE UNIVERSITY THANKS AGAIN FOR A GRAND SENDOFF. YOUR TEAM MAY NOT BE IN GOOD PHYSICAL CONDITION, BUT SUCH A PEP SESSION AS TONIGHT’S SURE WILL KEEP THEM IN GOOD MENTAL CONDITION. WE MEAN TO WILL TO WIN. TEAM AND STAFF.
However, Fred Kinder, one of the outstanding runners of this year’s squad will be on the sidelines with an injured foot that he received in the I. U. meet. With only one injury marring the'list, chances for
Much attention is being focused upon Paul Brown, the new coach of Ohio State’s football team, who is launching on his first year of coaching college teams. Last Saturday Ohio State downed Southern Cali-
victory over Ohio State look very
pi’Omismg.
Last year, running at Columbus, the Buckeye squad Won by a small margin, 26-29, However this year’s' team is confident that there will be no repetition of last year’s event. Because of past performances there is every indication that the Boiler-
is one mark
chalked up for Coach Brown.
When mentor Brown went to Massilon High School, Massilon, Ohio, nine years ago, he found the athletic setup in a badly rundown condition and immediately set OUt the program which eventually made
By Charlotte Hass
at this passing racket, so tomorrow’s game should be a good test of the makers will return with their third his Massilon High teams nationally Boilermakers’ passing offense. conference victory tucked under famous. In the nine seasons that he
After viewing the players through their ups land downs, it seems that their belts. Their brilliant 24-32 vie- coached at this high school his grid-
Kenny Smock, Francis Meakim, and Rocky Snyder should make a star tory over Indiana is especially men made the amazing record of backfieid, from the standpoint of the crowd as well as the opposing team, noteworthy as Indiana was consid- winning 81 games, losing 6, and #;ie-
They will no doubt give those Ohio Boys something pretty tough to ered by many to have the strongest ing 2.
work on.
Family Gathering
It will be more or less a family gathering for Paul Brown, Ohio State
team in the conference.
Good Chance For Championship This year’s Purdue squad has the
Special emphasis has been pladed ers, Wesley Stevens, John Vecs. on passing and blocking with the CENTERS — Robert Johnson, Riveter'coaching Staff putting the Alex Leugo, William Newell, Prank
entire squad through spirited work- Ruggieri.
outs the past two weeks. In addi- QUARTERBACKS—Robert Hajtion to Petty, several other stellar zyk, Robert Kersey, Fred Smerke. •backs, namely Smock, Chester and HALFBACKS-'—Tony Berto, MarBerto displayed pjenty of accuracy ion Carter, Robert Crester, Walter in splitting the uprights during Cook, Ed Cycenas, Francis Meakim,
practice sessions. Kenneth Smock.
I The Boilermaker defense agaiiist FULLBACKS—John Andretich, passing liaS been very good in the Charles Harris, John Petty, Vin-past;two..games^against.-Vanderbilt cent Snyder, c.v.w.. . , .
coach, when three of the players from his days of high school coaching makings,of a Big Ten championwill be reunited'on the gridirop. Rocky Snyder and Co-Captain Jim Mil- If-
ler of the Boilermakers received their training from Coach Brown when ^idual stars. With this year’s Big mise . ,
Brown himself went to Massilon
Dig Gals,. . .
and find a place in his heart with a stylish hair do.
Betty Kood Beauty Salon 324 Lafaycllc Life Bldg.
Dial S348
Entering his first year of varsity competition this season is Francis Meakim, sophomore gridman. “Francois” as all hi6 friends call him, plays right halfback on the eleven and because of his forceful blocking. and defensive work has
promising possibilities.
“Francois” learned most of his early footb.all technique at Mount
Carmel High School in Chicago, they attended the Massillon high school at Massillon, Ohio, from 1933 Ten meet being held on the home Here he and Johnnie Andretich to 1937. It was here thdt Brown acquired his fame as a competent coach. very likely that this were known as the “touchdown Charlie Anderson of Ohio, also a member of that well known high school team will bring Purdue its
twins” for often their teamwork squad.'If early training carries any impetus,' we have two strikes in brought an additional six points to bur favor to begin with. ' ' '/
Mount Carmel’s score. _ ■ '
• Studenl Body Full Of Spirit
Plans To Coach . , Not only, is the team full of spirit, but the whole student body was
Meakim graduated in ’40 and en- behind them when the Boilermakers were ushered ti’iumphantly to the course is similar to the tered Purdue last fall. He is taking train. It’s that thing called “School Spirit” that makes a.team win, and and small hills of the Univer-
PE and plans to be. a coach after this spirit practically cinches the score for our squad, graduation. As for hobbies, dancing The turnout of students and the enthusiasm for the team gave the is at the op of' his list. Meakim’s boys assurance that the student body is behind the squad to the fullest brother, who is in the Marines, has extent. This tremendous backing will undoubtedly assist in carrying the
sent him a lot of pictures of life “on team to victory tomorrow.
the sea” and these adorn the walls ' . —. . ^ ^
of his room in the Beta Theta Pi Illinois Institute of Technology
Co-Captain Jim Miller and “Rocky” Snyder of our o-wn Riveter team were members of Brown’s squad from 1933 to 1937, just when he Was building a real name for
Coach
first championship since Phillips took the reins.
Tomorrow’s meet will start at
High and won major letters in football, basketball, and track. After graduating from high school at the age of 16, Brown entered Ohio State, and was a member of the
10:30 on the cross-country track freshman football and baseball ag-
over Ohio State’s golf couz'se. This
sity practice course, r.m.f.
lU
“Meet me in the Union”
:aiii!
Next time we’ll make it earlier so we can take in a few of the many things to do here.
COFFEE SHOP GRILL ^ CAFETERIA SWEET SHOP BOWLING ALLEYS V CHESTNUT ROOM C^RD ROOM BROWSING ROOM
THomouedL lAmmL
^‘The Corner of the Campus-—
fi'aternity house.
This sophomore, who stands 5 feet, 10 inches tall and weighs 170 pounds, is, well worth watching as a future Riveter football star. ,
scientists have perfected a drying process to prevent bacterial soft rot in potatoes which is expected to save the potato industry millions of dollars annually.
Lutheran Students
^ Favoriif
in-ci Hew FoU
\-',tcbe4 Frbiu StocR
For Xutu|rin ... Thia Shdlltycoin" bkioird^
Former Sludents Finish Training At Hicks' Field Six former Uziiversity students have completed the primary phase of their Army Air Corps flight training and have been transferred
. . . will hike to Potter’s Hollow to Goodfellow Field. The cadets, this coming Sunday afternoon. Aft- -who took their basic training at er reaching their destination, the Hicks Field are Earl Aber, Tom hikers ■will climax their afternoon Dickinson, Earl Disher, Jerome with a wiener roast. The group will Juhnke, Dean Lewis, and' Hugh
leave the church at 2 p.m. ^ Redhead, g.h.
gregations,.but soon found that his l40 pounds were not enough for Western Conference competition. The next year he enrolled at Miami University, where he played two very successful seasons as quarterback in football and outfield in baseball, c.f.h.
Wheelmen Will Hold Bike Ride This Sunday University Wheelmen joined by the Edgewood Wheelmen of Indianapolis will have their annual all day bike ride Sunday. Their destination is Norwich Dam where a picnic lunch will be served.
ATTENTION STOKER OWNERS
DEEP
VEIN
SELF DEFENSE is HOME DEFENSE iProtect yourself by purchasing High Heat, Low Ash, Trouble Free, Economical Deep V^in Stoker Coal.
—GUARANTEE—
Deep Vein coals are guaranteed to give complete satisfaction by us and Deep Vein Coal Company; or coal reriioved and value of unused portion cheerfully refunded.
The Guarantee ItseU Merits a Trial Ton Today
Indiana Deep Vein 10 mesh Tr. Stoker Indiana Deep Vein 3x2 Range.. Indiana Deep Vein 6x3 Egg...... Indiana Deep Vein 6" Lump.........
NORTH STAR COAL
$5.50 $6.00 $6.25 $6.50
Phone 2405
308 Brown St.-
iThat's open at heel as well as the toe
$
98
The sKoe with a million friends! Up it pops again In.-brown alligator grain Om calf; Smarter! Trimmer! . .• . ' with a touch of plain calf . . it's light and just right for every hour of the day. Can also be. had in black, wine and navy.
Shoe Department Owned) f^id Operated Ourselveff j
^13-17 Main Street
a
REMODEL NOWl Prices Are Rapidly Advancing HENkV POOR LUMBER CO.
West Lafayette
Phone 30B3!^\ ^ '■* * «' *'^ ' ri7 > > > ; * ^ > ^ ^ . V \‘■‘?) r-<“ i 1 V ", , -^ i®^*'k ^ I ! 1 -ff '■ . nrj % «r i'^<-V , hi > •’^ i^-ii,., , > 'rjji/.' > f>-, ^ *'''>2 i , ^ ’. ^ ,i V ,. i‘«^‘, H _ .i >^</ifc Expoimt Friday^ October if
U!''‘
w\ m?,‘,
IjKAbard And Blade ^ , , 'Z T To Organize Aviation \AJ.-Jt.-^
Units For Air Corps
Purdue Aviation Unit Number 1, and as many subsequent units as possible, ^vill be organized by Scabbard and Blade, national military fraternity, before October 28. At that date the examining board will visit the campus to inspect the new units. ROTC students not taking advanced courses will thus be able to qualify as commissioned officers in the Air Corps Reserve. Unit Consists Of Twenty Men Units will each consist of 20 men, who are between 20 and 26 years of age and have two years of college credits or pass an educational examination. Cadets must also pass a required physical examination, but those who fail to qualify physically may enter as ground crew workers or as engineers. Cadets are paid $75 a month and a dollar a day for subsistence. After six months’ training they aie commissioned as second lieutenants in the Air Corps Reserve. The War Department pieviously t6ok charge of the foimation of these units, but this yeai the Scabbard and Blade is handling it. More detailed iftformation regarding the units can be obtained at the Adjutant’s office in the Armory, a.m.p. Notice To Students Registered under the Selective Service Act: Each student registered for Selective Service is required to report immediately to his Head of school or division for important information (Selective Service Memoranda Nos. 27, 28, and 29) relative to postponement of induction and deferment for students. Graduate students, including graduate assistants, should report to the office of the Dean of the Graduate School. Those students who are enrolled in the University under the classification of Engineering Law, Public Service Engineering, Freshman Engineers and Special Students should report to the office of the Assistant Dean of Engineering. Edward C. Elliott, President
Beginning Monday, October 20, at 4 p.m. WAA is sponsoring a Sport Spectator’s school for all coeds who ■are unacquainted with the different phases of men’s sports. WAA feels that not all girls are sports-minded enough to comprehend what the referee means when, for instance, he says, “Two downs and five to go ” To enlighten such girls, Homer Allen, who has refereed at many of this University’s athletic events, has been invited by WAA to speak at the Spoit Spectator’s classes. If girls respond enthusiastically to this idea, the classes will continue throughout th6 year, and they will cover such sports as basketball and baseball. Any girl who wishes to attend these classes may do so. —waa— Shirley Emhoff, head o^ WAA fencing, has announced that the fencing call-out will be the week of October 27th. All gills who are interested in learning this spoit are urged to leport at the Women’s Gym at any time after 4 p.m. during this week. —waa— On Tuesday, October 21, at 7:15 p.m. WAA will begin its cabin leadei’s course under the instruction of Miss Bond with Barbara Ford assisting. This new course is open for all girls who aie interested in becoming cabin leaders. A cabin leader is one who is in charge of groups using the WAA cabin which is located in R. B. Stewait’s woods about one mile west of town. Eveiy time the cabin is used, theie must be a cabin leader in the
gi oup.
This course will include the rules and regulations foi the use of the cabin, fire building, and the care of the cabin’s equipment. The cabin classes will meet twice a week for two consecutive weeks. —waa— Triton, the swimming club of WAA, has pledged six new girls. They aie Ellen Claik, Marilyn Jo Gaidner, Virginia Martin, Maiy Nitsche, Mildied Smith, and Mary Alice Troxell. The Tiiton Club will initiate these six new pledges in four weeks. —waa— Riflery, a popular sport among men and women ,is being introduced to the coeds of this campus by WAA, but is open to everyone, ex-
perienced or not in the art of shooting a rifle. Practices are being held this week and will continue until December, when an intramural and interclass meet will be held. Later in the year, girls from this University will participate in an intercollegiate meet. Sergeants Purchala and Riley of the Armory come over to the Women’s Gym every evening from 6:30 until 8:30 to give instructions to the girls. Gwen Curry, head of this sport, asks that girls shoot with their own houses or wards. A new schedule will soon be posted in the gym. —^waa— In cooperation vyith PI A, WAA is giving social dance lessons every Monday evening in the Union ballI’ooms at 7:30. Miss Libby Baughman is the instructor. Thus far, everyone who has participated in these lessons has found them to be great fun and a fine place to relax and become acquainted. —^waa— The PEW staff has challenged WAA girls to an archeiy match. The tournament will be held on November 3rd. Thiity-six arrows will be shot at thirty yards. Five practices will be required foi paiticipation in individual tournaments. —waa— The Modern Dance Club wants still more girls to attend their meetings and join the club. The meetings are held eveiy Monday, Wednesday, and Fiiday at 4 p.m. and Tuesdays, from 7 until 9 p.m. The club has started working on dances foi the “open-houses” of the Women’s Gym to be held soon. Miss Bell, the new PEW teacher who is m chaige of Modern Dance, has bi ought with her many new clevei ideas fiom the leading exponents of modem dancing. Cheering Crowd (Continued from page 1) In front of the Music Hall the band joined the piocession. Alieady convertibles and jalopies loaded with students were waiting at the Union. The Boilermaker special cai lying co-captains Millei and Melton preceded the rest of the team which rode in cais to the station. a.l.w.
Orchestra Will Give Concert Over WBAA University Orchestra will present its first radio program of the year this afternoon over WBAA at 4:30 p. m. The orchestra of 65 members is under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, conductor, and Vernon Westburg, conceitmaster. Mr. Ragains’ group of musicians contains outstanding talent, and is composed of almost 40 per cent new membership. The program will be based on classical and semi-classi-cal selections. First Concert The orchestra’s first concert was presented for the fall meeting of the Second District Federated Music Clubs on this campus Oct. 1. Today’s program is as follows: First Suite, “Carmen” Bizet a. Aragonaise b. Les Diagons d’Alcalda c. Les Toreadors II. Overture, “The Magic Flute” Mozart Agriculture Honorary Elects Uuffy President Hoof and Horn, agiicultural honorary, held its first meeting of the year Wednesday at Agiiciilture Hall. Professor C. F. Gobble spoke on “The Distribution of Meat by the Packing Industiy.” New officers elected at this meeting are: George Duffy, president; Paul Grave, vice-president; Hobait Jones, secretary; and Dick Bailey, tieasuier. m.a.f.
Classified Ads
TytiGwHters—Adding machines, all ma^es sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mim* eograph an(i multigraph work done. C J Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette. Money to Loan; on anything of value Albert’s Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jeweleib, 407 Columbia St. Vocal Lessons: For 25 yeais Lafayette’s only real singing teacher Voice test free. Edward W. Frank. Studio, Lahr Hotel. ’ Phone 4055
Seniors
All Engineering and Science Senior Men who have not returned their company lists should get them in immediately, so that no seniors who wish to interview the following companies will miss the opportunity to schedule their
^terviews.
iDuring the next two weeks these 4;ompanies will be interviewing on the campus: General Electric Company, October 23, 24, and 25; Eastman Kodak Company, October 27 and 28; E. I. duPont de Nemours, October 29, 30 and 31; Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, October 30 and 31.
W. E. Vogler
Director of Personnel University Trustee (Continued from page 1)' men and winter couise students; $200 for one sophomore scholarship and $100 scholaiship for a junior, from Sears Roebuck and Company. The fbllowing additional gifts to Student Loan funds have been accepted: $26 fiom the Purdue Women’s Club of Pittsbui’gh, Pa.; $163.74 fiom the Junior Piom Student Loan Fund, and $152.63 from the Eli Lilly Student Loan Fund. Inspects New Buildings The Board inspected the new Physics Building and the new high tension laboiatoiy; but withheld final acceptance pending coippletion of certain of the inside finishings. J. Ralph Thompson, Seymoui, who was named during the summer as a trustee to lejiiesent the agricultuial alumni of the University, assumed his seat as a member of the board to succeed Palmer R. Edgerton, Jonesboio, who had seived on the boaid since 1924. j.e.n. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Notices
Senior Advanced Militarr Students: Wijl you please leave snapshots or pictures taken at summer camp in H. P. Graebner’s box at Armory. These pictures will be used for exhibition at coming smoker. Leave name with pictures. Pictures will be remrned. ifl.js —LARSON. Modern Dance: Practices will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday gt 4 0"“ on Tuesday at 1 in the gym. —SERBAN Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the third novice pistol group starting Tuesday, Oct. 21, may sign up m the supply room of the armory now. BROWW Military Juniors: Advanced course uniforms will be ready for fitting on Thursday, Oct. 16 and Friday. Oct. 17 between 8 a m.
and 6 p.m. in the supply loom
mory. —BROWJN Mechanical Engineers: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engin^rs building. —BOLZ Code Instructions: Applications for enrollment in Radio and Code classes now being taken in the Instructors room of the Armory. —BURKHART PIA Members: Two positions on executive board are open. Petitions will be accepted for men^a activities chairmen and ward chairman of south ward. Petitions must be in PIA office by Monday. October 20, at 4 p.m, —ELDER Purdue Outing Club: Bicycle hike on Sunday, Oct 19. All students invited to come. Meet in front of Armory at 10:30 a.m. For picnic rcseivations call Ted Parker at 76271 or Marjoiy Ward at 41111 before Satuiday noon, Oct 18, —WARD Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures on Saturday, October 18 at 8 a m. by schools Students whose names begin with A-E (incl) Room 129, E E. Building, F-Le (incI) Room 201, C E Bldg , Li-R (incl) Lecture Room in Michael Golden Shops, S-Z (incl) Room 264, E. E. Bldg , second floor lecture loom
—KNAPP
165 Howitzer Gun Squad Competition: All mcmbeis of 155 Howitzer competition squads will meet in room 202, at Purdue Aimory at 4 p.m Friday, Oct. 17, for prelimmaiy instructions —BAUM WAA: All girls who arc interested in Cabin Leaders’ Course meet in Women’s gymnasium Tuesday, Oct 21, at 7 16 p m.
—WARD
Zouaves: Final tryouts for the Zouaves will be hold on Friday, Oct. 17. Ail those wishing to be considered for membersH^ must be present. Formal pledging will be held on Monday, Oiit. 20, —6RAF ^ Purdue Wheelmen: Ride, Sunday, Oct. 19, at 10:80 a.fn. Meet at Executive Building, Get tickets for ride before Saturday, Oct. 18 from Vanderbilt at Cary Hall We^, 8446, Ralph Leuhens, Frank MeCoy, at AXP.
B089, or Gwen Curry, Wood^H“»
Agriculturist: Meeting of all juniors on the Business and editorials staff Friday, Oct. n> at 4 p.m. in the AgriCuR^Bt office. —SNYDER Agriculturist: Meeting of the Board of Managers on Monday, Oct. 20, at 4 P"*®* in room 118 of Ag Hall. —SNYDER ^ Purdue Cosmopolitan Club: Interesting meeting and pledging Friday, October p* at 4:30. Ail interested are invited, The room has been changed from 804 to 263. Plans
for picnic Saturday will be announced.
—fCELLAR
Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, Oct. 21 in room 134 of the E.E. building at 8:86 p.m. Please use north door. —MILES Vifginia C. Meredith Club: Important meeting in H E. Building in auditorium at 4pm on Monday. Committees to make plans for state convention will be assigned. Plan to come. —ARVIDSON Gold Diggers’ Tickets Salesmen: Please check all money and tickets Friday at 4 p.m in AWS office. —McCC^UCH Fencers: All men with fencing experience report to the third floor of the Fieldhouse, Tues., Wed., or Thurs., Oct. 21, 22. or 23 between 3 and 5 p.m. Bnng gym shoes and equipment if possible. —TOWER Freshman Drumipers: Those interested in Military Band repoit to Lt Goers at the Hall of Music at 10 a m Tuesday, Oct. 21. 1941 or cull 45371. —R J GOERS —
RIDE TRAILWAYS SHORTEST ROUTE, FINEST SERVICE
0. W.
R T.
CHICAGO
$1.80
$2 95
GARY
1.80
2 95
MICHIGAN CITY
1.80
2 95
INDIANAPOLIS
1.IS
2 10
PLUS WAR TAX Service to Columbus, Pittsburgh, New York, St Louis, Dallas, Los Angelas YANKEE TRAILWAYS Southworths Book Store Phone 7851 208 N. 5th St. Phone 4475
STINSON CLARK COAL PHONE 5001
W^member
■—iliSssJS'
ALWAYS .WELCOME AT walciiieen;’^
ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
VISION A modern necessity at reading distances. If yours is not satisfactory—here is where you can get it fixed. DR. A. ENZ, jr. — OPTOMETRIST — PHONE 2605 607 Main St.
FREE , . . . with every $2.00 purchase of books ARTHUR MURRAY'S DANCE BOOK Containing complete instruction [or all styles of dancing, from the waltz to the modern La Conga.
Book Dept — 2nd Floor
• Buy yourself The University Gab—a brand new LEE Water-Bloc’' that costs only $5. You’re in one of the smoothest ’ hats you ever W’ore (with matching gabardine band and brim binding) . . . you’re in style wdth your / hat and in clover ivith
the gals!
S.
V, wV
LEE HATS 358 Fifth Avenue, New York
• Reg US Pat Off
cmmsiwimmc. *\ are exclusive dealers for the LEE HATS J in Lafayette" and West Lafayette
Prices $3,50 and up
OFF TO \ HOOD START
TO
THE EXPONENT NOW HE’S IN THE KNOW— ^ ABOUT / CONVOS DANCES CAMPUS GOSSIP LOST AND FOUND CO-ED HOURS THE EXPONENT
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather.. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly FINE C L E A NERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Station Wagon Coats or Finger Tips 4.98 and 5.98 Trench Coats 2.98
Reliable Clothing Co.
224 Main St.
First Clothing Store Across Levee
•
i i
4>