>
Pep Session — At The Union — 7 o’Clock Tonight
Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 35
Friday, October 20, 1939
udes Takes First Place Collier's Publisher
>2t /
In Frosh Speech Contest
By Ned Ochiltree
Speaking on “The Advance Barrage,” Maurice Udes last night won the annual Beveridge speaking contest for freshmen and received permanent possession of the Hays cup. Cary Hall West received the Ankeny cup, given each year to the organization whose representatives in the contest earn the greatest
total number of points.
Second place went to David Hud- ' —
elson, who spoke on “Dynamite— Cash and Carry.” Willmm Swager placed third with a speech on “This Will Hurt.” The other four 'contestants placed as follows: Fourth, Jordan McCarty; fifth, DonBrophy; sixth, Robert Weiss; and seventh,
Albert Katz.
Opinion Important Speaking with a marked southern accent, Udes pointed out that the oceans surrounding the United States are not enough to protect us from European wars. “Our only hope ot stay out of foreign conflicts is one solid wall of public opinion against war,” stated Udes. He concluded by saying that we are already feeling the advance barrage of propaganda, and the power to combat this wave of propaganda lies in our own hands. ' Cash And Carry Hudelson, in his speech which brought him second place, discussed the two results that would follow the passing of the “cash and carry” bill. He showed that both of these would eventually draw us into the European war. William Swager, who was the first speaker of the evening, stated that the United States would be affected by the conditions created by war, the greatest danger coming from the loss of world trade. He continued by mentioning how university students would be affected by this decrease in trade. Topics Similar The contest was unusual in the respect that all the speakers spoke on the same general topic—the Eu1 opean situation and American neutrality. After the seven speeches had been concluded, the audience asked numerous questions of the speakers while the judges made their final decisions. Presentation of awards was made by Prof. P. E. Lull, director of forensics, who stated that the speaking was the best of any Beveridge contest, and that the differences between the first three speakers was
very slight.
Judges for the contest were Prof. C. L. Lovell, assistant dean of the Chemical Engineering school; J. W. Wiley, history, economics and government department; and W. L. Deam, of the speech department. Kenneth Mulholland, senior forensic manager, served as chairman of
the contest.
Frosh Will Select Officers In Green Potter Elections Initiating a new system for frosh elections, the Green Potters will hold their class elections Tuesday, October 24, from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the main lobby of the Union. Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, sponsors of the frosh elections, has announced that the proceedure to be followed this year will be the same as that followed for all other campus elections. Any freshman, upon the presentation of his or her passport to those in charge of the polls, will receive a ballot which he may then secretly mark and return. There will be absolutely no electioneering at or in the near vicinity
of the polls.
The ballot from which freshmen will select their officers is as follows: President, Bryan Brock, Bill Hensey; vice-president, John McCarney, William Ruggles; secretary, Doug Benney, Robeid; Horne; treasurer, Bill Miller, A1 Pastrick.
Frosh Loses Pants; Retreats To Union Sad —But Wiser One sad freshman, surrounded by about 20 revenge seeking fellow classmen invaded the Union late last night. This one sad freshman was very carefully dressed in a blue suit coat, striped shirt, black tie, and dark blue shorts. Of immediate concern to the group and to this particular ’43er was the return of
Maurice Mathias’ pants.
As the final resort the group, lead by Maurice, headed for the Exponent office to arrange publicity for the return of said missing pants. And it was there we heard the story. According to Maurice around 20 juniors and seniors singled him from a group of freshmen and pro-
ceeded to depants him.
“I didn’t mind losing my pants temporarily,” stated our sad freshman, “but they broke my glasses which will cost me around four dollars, which is more than it costs me to live here and go to school for a
week.”
His pants were returned about an hour later, with a valuable black notebook missing, and there is still four dollars that must be found somewhere, somehow, and soon. Fresliman Co-eds ToSpeakTuesday In Lodde Contest Freshman co-eds will have a chance to prove themselves public speakers at the annual Lodde speech contest to be held in University Hall Tuesday, October 24, at 4 o’clock. Rules for entrance have been modified this year, permitting only freshman women to participate. The finals of the contest will be held November 31 at 7:30 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. From eight to ten girls will be chosen to participate in the finals. The winner of the contest will be awarded a plaque, and the organization amassing the highest total of points will be awarded a cup. Members of the Forensic committee, Lucy Demoret, Marilyn McKnight, and Gene Pechin are completing arrangements for the con-
test.
Bureau Names Date For Activity Forum Activities Bureau will conduct its third forum of the year for the benefit of activity minded freshmen next Tuesday, October 24. The meeting will be held at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. The topic to be discussed is athletic organizations. The main speakers will be Georgia Walker, representing WAA, and Dick Stapleton of SAA. They will discuss the merits of their respective activities, how to get started, and the type of work done. At the end of the meeting they will answer any questions that may arise. All freshman eds and co-eds interested in managerial positions or other athletic activities are urged to attend.
Will Speak Before Management Class Thomas H. Beck, president of the Crowell-Collier Publishing Company and editorial director of Collier’s, will speak this morning at 9 o’clock in room 101 of Michael Golden shops. His talk will be addressed to industrial management students, but according to Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department, all students
are invited to attend.
Beck’s formal visit to the University will close with a luncheon in the Union building followed by a two-hour afternoon session. Various phases of management will be considered at each of these. Yesterday Beck visited the Women’s Residence Halls at noon, and spent the afternoon with G. S. Meikle, director of research relations with industry, discussing and inspecting the University’s research program. Beck was the guest of President E. C. Elliott at a dinner
last night.
Bomb To Signal Beginning
Tonight At Mixer Of Tonight's Pep Session
Lopez" Band Opens Festive Week End
Greeting University men and theif visiting dads at tonight’s annual Dad’s Day mixer will be Vincent Lopez and his orchestra, playing before a backdrop where a senior, resplendent in cords and University sweater, will be shaking
hands with his dad.
The music of Lopez’ well-known band will come to the dancers from behind derby-and-cane decorated band fronts between 9 and 12 o’clock. The “suave swing” of his orchestra should please both the “hep-cats” and those who do not care for the more extreme brand of
swing.
By way of vocalists, 17-year-old Penny Parker fills the requirements of a jitterbug and straight singer. Lopez himself is noted for his ability at the piano, and he has started many celebrities on their way to fame. Among them are Rudy Vallee, Artie Shaw, Tommy Dorsey, and Xavier Cugat. Admission price is the usual one
dollar.
WSGA Sets Frosh Cotd Dsnco
Petition Deadline All freshman women who are interested in applying for the position of freshman WSGA representative must turn in their signed petitions to Ann Sickman, president of the organization, by 11 p. m., Monday, October 24. The actual elections for the office will be held in the woman’s lounge in the Union, directly folloAving the WSGA Charm School meeting on Thursday, October 26, at 4 o’clock. All freshman women who have their passports with them may vote. Tau Epsilon Phi * . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: C. A. Catz, New York City; M. A. Rosenseld, Cleveland, 0.; J. E. Kahn, New York City; 0. J. Elessa, Stickney. 111.; D. E. Motz, Cicero, 111.; 0. C. Kammerling, Akron, 0.
At 6:45 tonight an aerial bomb will boom out to warn any tardy students that tonight is the n^ht for the first home game ..qpep session. At 7 p. m. another flash and rumble from an aerial bomb will officially start the pep session parade from the Grmat street entrance of the Union on its tour of the campus.
With the military band leading the marching and singing, the group will march once aroimd the campus ending the parade in front of the Union where’the session will congregate and carry on the bulk
of the program.
Cheer leaders and speakers will lead cheers and speak from the balcony of the second floor of the Union directly above the main entrance opposite State street. R. B. Stewart, University comptroller, will be one of the featured speakers. A1 Stewart with the Glee Club will lead and direct the singing of college and campus songs.
Co-ed Cheer Leader
Watch Those Themes! English Professors Will If You Don't
By Mary Burtsfield
Juniors and seniors! It is a long walk up the two flights of stairs to visit the Committee on Standard in English in University Hall. It is an even longer walk when you know that you never were a shining star in grammar or simple spelling. But right now you shouldn’t be discouraged. You still hold the
advantageous position.
You remember, vaguely, that in ^ “j
your freshman year your English instructor explained to you the English requirements for graduation: in addition to the required course woik, one or more papers which the University receives from you duiing your junior and senior years will be submitted to the Committee on Standards in English for inspection. The committee will grade your paper for grammar, punctuation, and spelling. You can be assured that if you obey the simple rules, further instruction in English will not be thrust upon you. Let us suppose, though, that you fail, through oversight or haste, to display a thoughtful obedience to the necessary rules. One of your papers, let us say, is marked, “unsatisfactory” or two are graded,
“doubtful.” What then?
In your morning mail, one day, you receive an official form letter which politely asks you to report to the Committee on Standards in English in University Hall on or before a specified date. Before you are summoned, however, your academic background has been carefully studied by the committee to in-
sure fairness to you.
After you talk with the commit-
tee, you are 'required to spend one hour writing a test<^heme to try to show that you are not so bad as you seem. This paper is graded separately by three different instructors. If the paper is judged unsatisfactory, you are asked to begin receiving instruction in an informal
course called “English X.”
If you are lax in your attendance in the course or if you fail to improve by a specified time, you are transferred to English C, a noncredit course. Until you are able to meet the standards for English composition, you remain registered
in the course.
If, also, you fail, in due time, to pass English C, you will be registered as a junior in your senior year. And even at graduation time, each year, some who should be graduating are still on the committee’s
black list.
It is comparatively easy to avoid this rather embarrassing situation as a poor English student. By carefully checking all papers you hand In to the University, you should be spared that long walk up two flights of stairs. (See page 2 editori&l)
Dad's Day Program Begins With Dinner
In
Tonight
Dad’s Day festivities get under way this evening at the annual Dad’s Day executive dinner-meet-ing in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 6:30 p. m. The dinner will be for the members of the executive board of the Dad and Mothers’ Association, the officers of the Student Union, and the Dad’s Day faculty committee. Paul Royster is president of the organization and will preside at the business meeting to fol-
low the dinner.
Approximately 140 tickets in the special Dad’s Day section on the east side of the stadium remain to go on sale this afternoon at 4 in the great hall of the Union. The seats are on the 30-yard line and will be sold for the usual pric^^ of $2.75. Students may exchange passport tickets and 25 cents to obtain seats with their parents.
Men wearing senior cords and co-eds wearing senior cord jackets will be the guests of the Union Saturday night at the annual Cord dance. Dancing will begin at 9 p. m. to the rhythm of Irvan Maury’s band. For all others who attend the regular price of one dollar will prevail. Alpha XI Delta Entertains Province President At Tea Mrs. William Williams, province president of Alpha Xi Delta, was entertained by Alpha Eta’s chapter members yesterday at a tea at the chapter house from 4 until 6 o’clock. Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton and Miss Clare Coolidge together with sorority presidents and housemothers attended the tea, as did one representative from each sorority, old alumnae members, and the Alpha Xi Delta Mother’s Club.
Tomorrow evening while dads and sons are at the smoker in the ballroom from 7:30 until 8:30 the mothers and daughters will be entertained in the music room of the Union by the semi-classical music of Mary Louise Switzer on the piano and Mary Johnston on the violin. Following the program an informal get-together will prevail. Registration for dads will begin at 8 a. m. in the great hall of the Union and continue until 12 noon. The registration desk will again be open from 4 to 6. Tickets for the Dad’s Day luncheon will be on sale at another desk in the great hall all tomorrow morning. The luncheon will begin at 11:45 a. m. and end promptly at 1 o’clock. The entire family is invited and tickets may be purchased for 75 cents. Cord Jackets . . . for senior women will be on sale at Southworth’s from 1 to 5 this afternoon and Aom 9 to 12 tomorrow, according to an announcement by Ruth Zimmerman, senior committeewoman in charge of the jackets. They are priced at three dollars and 60 cents and all co-eds are asked to bring the proper change. S. 6. Pershing . . . Tippecanoe county agent, spoke last night at a meeting of the Agricultural Education Society. Before a gathering of 150 students and faculty members he spoke on “The County Agent and His Work.”
Kay Weber, co-ed cheer leader, will be on hand to try her luck at leading an expected 2,500 to 4,000 students. Interest in this game should reach a new height. It is the first home game of the year with the traditional senior parade preceding it; derbies will be loosed to the winds after the first Purdue touchdown. Song Words Words for the main song of the evening, “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” are: Come along, let us join in a song. Hail to Old Purdue! ’ On the Wabash she stands, with her welcoming hands, As an Alnm Mater true. Far and wide she’s our own Hoosier Pride, Ever we loyal will be, So we’ll sing it out, and we’ll raise a shout. For the honor of Old Purdue. Chorus: Then Hail! All Hail to Old Purdue! The pride of all the West, We’ll sing out the story, and we’ll tell out the glory. Of the school we love the best. Then Hail! All Hail to Old Purdue! Our Alma Mater true. And we’ll ever stand, every heart and hand. For the honor of Old Purdue. Co-ed Escapes Injury In Minor Auto Accident An accident occurred in front of the Library on State street yesterday afternoon at 3, when an automobile driven by Mary Schnaible, HE ’40, collided with a car driven by J. B. Smith of Oxford. Miss Schnaible was driving east on State street when she attempted to make a left turn into the drive beside the Union and collided with Smith’s car. Martha Smith, wife of the driver of the secqnd car, was injured in the accident and was taken to the Home hospital to determine the extent of her injuries. Neither car was seriously damaged.
Military Band Will Offer New Formations For Dads At First Home Game Tomorrow
Making their first home appearance of the year at the Michigan State game the University military band will offer a brand new set of formations to Dad’s Day spectators. Forming at the south end of the field before the game, the 150-piece marching band will first form the word P-U-R-D-U-E from a group of six airplane - shaped squads while playing “Hall Purdue.” New Formations As is the usual Dad’s Day custom, a between-the-halves program will be given. It will begin with the formation of D-A-D across the gridiron. Director Emrick will then lead the band in playing “Auld Lang Syne” as a tribute to all the
visiting dads as well as those who are unable to attend. Following the tribute to the dads the band will continue the showing of their wares with other new formations and the older ones which have made them nationally known as a marching band. These include a waving monogrammed pennant, a horseshoe, a football, and finally the traditional big block P. Although the band performed at the Notre Dame game three weeks ago, the University (except the military men) has had no opportunity to see what the band has up its sleeve (or in its instrumei(ts). We’re waiting.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday* October 20# 1939
But
By Vladimir We’d like to start the column, off with a prod to the ME school. Up to now we haven’t noticed the slightest action toward attendance at the cord parade Saturday. Better get on the ball, boys. G. A. Young expects to see you out there. ... ♦ ♦ ♦ 125 per cent strong. * * ♦ We’d say something to the other schools, too, but we don’t think they are worth bothering about. They NEVER manage to have over 100 per cent attendance. / ■ ,*■'*■* ( While thinking of the word parade, we can hardly forget the suggestion someone sent in to help Petrov with our “Color Rehabilitation of the Wabash.” , They said, quote—^Why cail’t you hang a line of senior cords in the river out near the by-pass? If there’s any dirt in the stream at all (and we know there is) the cords will collect it—unquote. * * * The note didn’t say whether or not it was necessary to remove the seniors before stringing the cords in the river. , * * * We dialed the Student Health Service last night and were extremely surprised to hear a man’s voice say, almost belligerently, “Repair Service”—with that semiquestion mark tone. Well, it turned out to be the wrong number, but we thought it was pretty appropriate, anyhow. * * * When Dr. Miller’s voice finally came over the wire, we asked him how were the senior-frosh casualties? . The Doc gave us his stock reply about “cuts, nicks, bruises, sprained ankles, but nothing serious.” * * * Soon after we hung up—^the Doc called back. “You might use this as an example,” he said. “One fraternity came in with the following casualties: two men out cold, two lacerated heads, two injured knees, and one fractured ankle.”
*The English Committee
... will get you if you don’t watch out” has been a by-word among juniors and seniors for the past five and one-half years. Now graduate students also must watch their English and composition styles, for they, too, are under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Standards in English this year. The committee was organized when the faculty decided to do something about the number of employers’ letters which came to the University complaining about the inability of Purdue graduates to write comprehensive English. Now the committee members secure .test papers, lab reports, term reports, and oth'er papers from students in every school in the University. These papers are checked for various errors, and “unsatisfactory” writers are called in to write a test theme. This paper will free the student from further trouble, if it is, judged “satisfactory.” If unsatisfactory, the student will find himself in an informal course called “English X.” This preceedure is described in a feature story in page 1 of today’s paper. Students do not know when a paper of theirs may be turned in to the committee. However, if a student makes grammatical errors under the stress of fast test-writing, he may be released from the extra English course by writing the satisfactory theme with plenty of time. The committee has done much to give employers better writers, and has done its best to save graduates from possible embarrassment. It would be advisable, however, for instructors to remind their junior-senior-gradu-ate students of the watching eye of the Committee on Standards in English more often than they usually do. This might save students time and trouble in walking up the steps to University Hall to write a test theme, besides lightening the load for committee themereaders.
But nothing that requires amputationtaches, eh, Doc?
-except mus-
It seems that as a group of upperclassmen were trying to disperse the frosh mob near the Library Wednesday night, one large frosh happened to see a fellow trying to get through to a senior’s aid. He immediately grabbed the fellow by the collar and pulled him back ‘—^menacingly. The collared one neatly turned, sized the freshman
up with a glance, and shot one well-placed and wellbacked punch to the freshman’s jaw . . . whereupon the freshman relaxed, completely. If that freshman has recovered sufficiently to understand us, we might advise him not to pick on a Golden Gloves winner next time. * * * As a parting shot we would like to point out that just because the frosh are going around shaving everyone in sight-—you still can’t call them BARBERlANS.
Though it is bad enough swiping letters and putting them in print, we have obtained by foul (?) means a page from a freshman ed’s diary. We don’t know his name, but he must be a killer-diller. Monday, September 11:— Don’t know whether M. A. J. cares for me or not. Apparently she did not grieve over me when I was gone. Wednesday, September 1^—Got letter from M. A. J. Wish I were dead. Darn—had planned and planned for Saturday night, then blooey . . . She’s having a swell time I guess. I wrote her a letter so that she wouldn’t know how bad I wanted to see her. Guess she will make the same mistake she made this summer, probably think’s I’m raising hell. Only way to prove different is to make and obtain honors that will regain her respect again. But if any man trifles with her, I will undoubtedly kill him; it would be murder, true, but privately it would be justified. . Tuesday, September 30 — Had trouble dodging Marge Patrick today. B & B In yesterday’s column, we stated that Bruce Leonard swipes pocketbooks so that he would be able to return them at night to the WRH. Correction: WRH co-eds vigorously
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
dbtty this. They GIVE him the pocketbooks so that they would be able to see their “Brucie.” B & B Boners: Judy Ott calling the Home Ec department and asking whether or not mince meat is made from “minces” . . . wow!! B & B Notice, all seniors . . . especially frat boys: We think that the frat men are sissies, coming to fight with paddles and ball bats when we were fighting
with our fists. —Cary Hall Men. ' B & B It’s my guess that fists wouldn’t be very effective When there are 30 ' freshmen to one senior, right? B & B A terrific romance has sprung up between Sig Ep pledge George Alward and little Maggie Fantone. They have had about nine dates in two weeks. These freshmen are really putting on a fast pace this year.
WCLCL TImoa, Mixed recreation, sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen, will be held tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the woman’s gym. All kinds of sports will be' offered, including deck tennis, ping pong, shuffleboard and swimming. Girls may attend unescorted, but men are required to have dates.
—waa—
The scheduled for the riflery practices which are in session now *!> are posted in the basemen of the ,women’s gym. This is a free sport; there are no fees for bullets or guns.
—waa—
An intramural bowling tournament, sponsored by the Student Union, begins this week-end. All coeds may enter by teams of five members each. Points towards the winning of the participation cup will be awarded to the victorious team, and WAA members may amass points by entering. Tourna-
ment games will be held at night, as that is the most convenient time
for all concerned.
LWSIA TODAY - TOMORROW
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
ixmc
Ginger as hired trouble - shooter lor millionaire's two-bit family I
RADK> Picture WALTtR £0NN0LLY-VERREE TEASDALE JAMES ELLISON ° tim holt KATHRYN ADAMS • FRANKLIN PAN6B0RN
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
-ALSO —
Caught Napping Has this happened to you? If so—let us know about it through your best candid snap-shots. If it's a winner for the month—^you'll make front page news and see your Candid Camera Shots on the Exponent's — Front Page — If it's a winner for the year—you will receive ONE FREE 1940 DEBRIS So get in the running and bring your camera shots to us. Be among the first to get your entry in the contest.
mo (DebJiidL. “QomplsdsL QampuA, QovoMjqiL
TODAY - SATURDAY
with RUTH LEE HUSSEY* BOWMAN AUYN JOHN JOSLYN • MILJAN BERNARD MARY BETH NEDELL • HUGHES
MARS Starts Saturday
THE ROMANCE OF HOLLYWOOD FROM
LAST DAY —Jackie Cooper in "TWO BRIGHT BOYS
SMOKES
CIGARETTES CIGARETTES TOBACCO TOBACCO TOBACCO TOBACCO CIGARETTES
Camels, Luckies,
Chesterfield Old Gold
Sunshine, Wing 20 Grand, Marvels, Paul Jones Prince Afbert, Velvet Kentucky Club,
Tuxedo, Mail Pouch, Granger, Advertiser, Old Hillside, Beechnut
Edgeworth,
Sir Walter Raleigh,
Red Man
Model
Union Leader
Kools, Tareyton, Philip Morris
pkg. 12c pkg. lOC
tin
lOc
2 for 25c 2 for 15c pkg. 14c
CANDIES
Chocolate Stars Chocolate Peanuts Chocolate Clusters
CHOCOUTE
ASSORTED TOFFEES BORDEN CARAMELS CHOCOLATE DROPS
CANDY
CANDY BARS
Orange Slices
Jellies Beans
All Advertised 5c
Candy Bars
.b. 19c lb. 19c lb. 12/4c lb. 10c lb. 10c 3 for 10c
no VINE ST.
WEST LAFAYETTEFriday. October 20. 1939
£xpansijnL SfioiiA. fiaqsL
* 4
Riveter Harriers theta Tau's Capture
'V
To Face Indiana In Meet Tomorrow Burning over last week’s loss to Pitt, the cross country team, minus the leadership of Captain Gaulke, is pointing for the meet with Indiana tomorrow. Sure to leave for the 10:30 meet are Holder man. Reeves, M. White, J. White, Young, Schulman, and Jarvis. Possible travelers are Swing and McLaugh-
lin.
Despite the loss of the captain, who is out for the week with an infection, the team is confident that they can take the Hoosier harriers. The only bright spot in last Saturday’s 24 to 32 loss was the fact that Ed Holderman broke the course record. This fact lends some hope to the squad’s confidence. The graduation of Mel Trutt, last year’s captain and nationally known track star, has taken some of the threat from Indiana." The team will still offer plenty of opposition in the way of Cain, Daniels, and Hedges, a sophomore find. Coach Phillips and the team hope to be back in time to watch the Pur-due-Michigan State tilt.
Subscribe To The Exponent
Coach Elward Fears Letdown
Crown In Fraternity
Cross Country Meet Coaching Staff Pessimistic
Over Michigan State Tussle
Bill Kennedy, Spartan sophomore halfback who tossed a 39-yard pass to set up the first State touchdown against Marquette Saturday, is a ball carrier of no little ability, but he’d rather knock doWn would-be tacklers than score touchdowns.
Diamond
SOFTBALL—Today
Official
12—Cary Hall 10 vs. Ward 6 vs. Ward 25. Adams 14—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma or Phi Kappa Tau. Glasser 18—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Chi Or Phi Kappa. Rho. - Goldstein 16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Greey
Dressed in military uniforms, old clbthes, football pants, and some in authentic track uniforms, 94 men covered the two-mile annual interfraternity cross country race yes-
terday afternoon.
Some walking. Some limping, and others jogging along at top speed, the runners finally ended with men crossing the finish line after sun-
down.
Fastest time on t^e two miles was turned in by Kempt, who finished in first place and covered the distance in 12:56. Clevitt, Taylor, Pastrick, and Winner finished second, third, fourth, and fifth. First place in the fraternity rating was grabbed by the Theta Tau’s with Alpha Kappa Lambda and •Sigma Alpha Epsilon taking second and third, TOUCHBALL—Today Field Official 1— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. ' McGrath • 2— Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Sroka 3— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi. Luce 4— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta. Smithson , 5— Delta Chi vs. Theta Tau. ' Mann 6— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Brinduse 8—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
Papurca
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at t)ie top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m.. each morning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at' his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appoint^ ment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is taken.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20
1 :55 11 :00 1 :50 4:00 9:55 1 :00 10:00 10:05 2:55 10:10 1 1 :05 3:55 4:05 4:25 4:30 8:10 - 4:10 4:40 2:50 8:00 8:05 2:45 2:40 10:55 8:55 10:15 4:15 3:50 3:45 4:50 4:55 3:40 3:35 2:35 10:50 1:40 10:20 9:00 3:00 8:50 8:15 3:30 11:10 10:25 10:45 9:05
Brown, G. W. Buck, Marjorie Bryant, H. R. Burke, G. G. Burks, R. W. Burns, B. H. Busehmann, A. D. Bushlong, L. L. Butterfield, D. D. * Bykowski, F. Byrd, j. F. Byrne, G. E. Fisher, Dan T. Forsgren, V. N. Forsythe, W. j. Foxworthy, M. K. Heston, E. E. Hinshaw, E. K. Kneer, Amelia Knight, H. M. Knotts, Stanton Koch, Mary Kochlas, A. j. Koehler, B. J., r. Koenig, W. C. Kohn, R. E. Kolb, H. G. Kottnauer, R. Krabbe, Esther Kramer, C. E. Kratz, Henry F. Krashen, Harry Krause, j. F. Kroeplin, W. A. Ku, T. H. Kuebler, K. W. Kuhns, J. H. Ku Hsien-Hsiang Kumpf, G. E. Kurtz, J. M. Kuzwitz, Mary Ann Lafuse, L. W. Lafrentz, R. J. La Force, H. B. La Follette, R. L. La Hue, P. M.
11:20 LaLiberte, Clarence*
2:00 Landon, K. L.
2:05 Langstall, Lorisdene 8:30 3:05 Laramore, Mary jane 9:05 8:20 Larch, C.U. 10:15 .10:30 Larsh, J.A. 10:10 9:10 Laynder, J. M. 8:05 2:30 Lawrence, S. M. 8:00 8:25 Laycock, H. S. 10:55 1:35 Lee, Shu 8:10 2:25 Lehr, Ralph-W. 8:15 9:50 Lemb, Carolyn 9:55 2:10 Leshner, H. K. 11:00 1:45 MacBride, Margaret 8:20 1 :05 Nitsche, j. E. 9:50 1:10 Orr, j. E. 10:50 3:10 Patch, C.B. ^ 8:55 2:20 Patrick, C. 11:05 1:15 Patterson, H. R. 8:25 8:30 Perrin, A. C. 9:45 1 1 :30 Persinger, T. E. 8:45 10:35 Peter, Leota A. - 10:45 1 :20 Peterson, R. B. 8:50 1:25 Retry, B.E. 10:00 8:35 Retry, J.W. 8:40 3:15 Petticrew, Mary H. 9:00 3:20 Petty, T. 11:10 8:40 Phelps, Virginia 8:35 2:15 Phillips, Nancy 10:05 9:45 Phillips, R. A. 9:40 8:45 Phillips, R. A. 10:40 1 :30 Pidgeon, L. A. 9:35 9:40 Pielsticker, F. E. 11 :55 3:25 Pinkerton, janiece 1 1 :50 9:15 Pitz, E. W. 11:45 9:20 Pliner, N. S. 10:35 9:35*- Plotkin, H. 11:40 9:25 Post, E. H. 11 :35 9:30 Powell, D. F. 10:30 10:40 Prust, jean D. 11:30 1 1 :35 Pugh, F. A. 11 :25 11:40 Robbins, R. D. 10:25 11:45 Robertson, Eva L. 9:30 11:50 Robinson,'Jane 9:25 1 1 ;55 Rodin, Eleanor 9:20 4:20 Russell, j. D. 9:10 11:25 Roe, G. D. 10:20 4:35 Soderstrom, H. W. 9:15 4:45 Sopcak, C. F. 11:15 11:15 Study, Wm.F. 11:20
SATURDAY, OCT. 21
Daniel, Louise Dean, j. H. Debell, C. W. Deckard, R. J. McConnell, Urmey Lee McConnell, W. E. McCoy, G. E. McFarland, Barbara McGaughey . McGillicuddy, Kathleen McGrath, R. j. McIntosh, Sara McKee, J. H. McKee, L. S. McKinney, H. V. McKinsey, j. H. McLaughlin, Mary McLean, Helen J. Meeker, H. E. Meginnis, G. B. Meier, M. L. Meihaus, R. B. Melcher, F. C. Mellett, j. B. Melser, L. R. Menke, F. L. Menner, H. E. Meranda, j. A. Merchant, Georgia Merchant, K. Mermelstein, Leona Mesterharm, E. Metz, Cj B. Metzger, J. C. Meyer, R. E. Meyers, D. W. Meznarich, j. F. Michael, j. O. Mickewich, A. Middleton, R. Miller, Dorothy Miller, H. L. Miller, R. C. Miller, T. F. Mills, Catherine Mills, j. O. Mitchell, Margaret Witt, R. P.
mo
(DcJbjdL. “Qomplsda, QounpuA, QoJOBhjaqjL
“Saturday’s game with Michigan State could easily develop into one of those upsets where the underdog surprisingly defeats the strong favorite,” pessimistically remarked Head Coach Mai Elward, while reviewing the final home practice in preparation for the annual Dad’s Day tussle. “Frankly, we’re due for a let- i i————
down, not only physically but also mentally, after those tough games with Notre Dame and Minnesota, and the coaching staff is fearful that Saturday may be the scene for this letdown,” commented Elward. Veterans Injured Adding to the pessimistic gloom of the coaching staff is the fact that several members of the team who were thought to have developed only minor injuries in the Minnesota game are still limping on the sidelines, the position where it is feared they may remain during the Michigan State game. Jack Brown’s troublesonite side, first injured in the Notre Dame clash, will keep him out of the competition against the Spartans, as Coach Elward intends to take no chances of aggravating the injury with the bulk of a stiff schedule ahead. Sophomore John Galvin, Brown’s able understudy, will probably carry the brunt of the halfback assignment, assisted by JimWelsch. Verplank Out The failure of a bruised neck to heal will force Carl Verplank, stellar right guard, to join Brown as a spectator during Saturday’s game. Coach Elward has been grooming Jack Winehell and Tommy Melton for the senior’s position in the lineup.
Added to those of Brown and Verplank are the less serious, but nevertheless all-important injuries of Leon DeWitte, fullback, suffering with a bad shoulder; Dick Potter, left tackle, with an injured hand; and big A1 Rossi, also a left tackle, with a Charley horse in his leg. Reserves Will Count Fearful of adding to this already discouraging injury list, the coaching staff has refrained from holding a single scrimmage session during this week’s practice. It is already evident that the Riveter shock troops will be called on to lend a helping hand in the attack against the dangerous Spartan eleven. Since it is apparent that the reserve power will be needed in the Michigan State game, the B team game scheduled with Northwestern Saturday morning at Evanston has been cancelled. Squad Leaves For Mudlavia This afternoon the Boilermaker squad will leave for Mudlavia, a health resort about 30 miles southwest of Lafayette, near Attica, where they will remain until a short time before the game. The squad will hold la limited workout a^ the resort immediately upon arriving.
THIRi’S ONLY ONE
Men of action get a big r# kickoutof Dr. Grabow— it It's the pipe for you tool V JjL'sjmr '
—ONLY
DR. GRABOW Pipes ore presmoked with fine tobacco (EDGEWORTH) to break them in by Linkman's Exclusive Pipe Smoking Machine. MADE BY M. LINKMAN & CO., CHICAGO
NO BREAKING IN’ • NO BITE • NO BITTER T^ASiTE
OR. GRABOWS
PATENTED CLEANER
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN
5c PIE
808 Main St. SOUP COFFEE 5c
Tin Shop
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852 • Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK - Phone 46214
• School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education • Jewelers Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices • Hardware
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354 Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777 • Tailor SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
^ieidahk. ^JwioL By Robert J. Deckard
It’s football season at Michigan State, the Boilermaker opponent Saturday next, when Coach Charles W. Bachman, affable and baldish Spartan football mentor, starts leaving his hats in restaurants, pencils circles and crosses on Mrs. Bachman’s best table linen service, goes for a stroll around the block at midnight and calls wrong numbers on the telephone. —^fc— In addition to having an “eccentric” coach, the Spartans also possess some very unusual “dippy” ideas. For example, in order to be “colorful” (this helps our argument), the Green and White team has green, white, black, and red jerseys to wear, while the freshmen, just to be different, wear blue. —fc— Nevertheless, there is a serious note to some things, particularly records, in East Lansing. A FC perusal has brought this out. For instance, back in ’18 and ’19, the Boilermakers met the Spartans in a pair of games, with the local lads ekeing out a brace of victories, 14 to 6 and 13 to 6. AncLthis is a “serious” note today at the Michigan institution. These are the only games ever to be played between the two schools. —^fc— Going on with facts, we found that several Spartan figures or records can be tied or broken in Saturday’s encounter. Last year was the first time a Bachman-coached team lost more than two games in a single season, dropping three. The Boilermakers can tie this one because the State men have dropped two affairs this season, one to Michigan and other to Marquette. Of course, by winning. —^fc— The highest score made in the last 21 years by a Michigan State opponent was Michigan, who picked up 20 points in ’31. Personally, we think the Boilermaker football contingent ought to go record-break-ing this Saturday on this one. —^fc— • Perhaps the most inconsistent team in the nation is State’s bunch, according to things down in black and white. Fears of up one Saturday and down the next were realized in ’28 when the Spartan team almost annihilated Kalamazoo College, 103 to 0, one Saturday and just one week later fall before Albion College, 2 to 0.
Save Mother! Let American do your laundry and take this burden off her shoulders!
You'll be glad you did it! And you'll both like American's work. Phone for Pick-Up.
American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vine St
-■rW'■i' 43THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# October 20#
OoioL
of the
PamfuuA.
Innocents Abroad To the Editorial Director: Cary Hall men who are temporary residents of the Union feel they have a right to resent Exponent’s account of the fighting that took place in and about the Union Wednesday night. The article is fabricated, biased, and seems to be an attempt to give Cary Hall men a nasty reputation in the eyes of the rest of the University. In the first place, not more than eight or ten of the men who took part in the fights were from the Union group of Cary Hall fellows— we know this from observation and from a canvass this morning; in the second place, very little of the fighting took place in the Union, and none of it took place in the residence wing we occupy—most of it was other places on the campus; in the third place, the statement that we were damaging Union property IS underhanded and malicious — even if you did withdraw it; and in the fourth place, we can’t imagine Mr. Vallely or any other Union official calling fiaternity men with baseball bats and paddles to quell “unruly” freshmen in the Union, We don’t know who wiote this distorted piece to which you gave so liberally of your front page, but we do know it is unfair, and we trust you’ll have the sense of fair play to publish our leply. Sincerely, Alex G. Webbe E. M. Thran Kenneth K. Weaver Michael Weis Thomas Burdge Dan Mai tin
Ed. Director’s Note: The story was written by a Cary Hall man, who wrote from a reporter’s viewpoint on what he saw and heard. The Student Union’s call for help was “allefred,” and did not mention Mr. Vallely. This fraternity man’s statement was later checked, and the results written. This IS still regarded as good “war” reporting. Freshmen seem to have developed a wrong idea about Mustache battles. Traditionally, they are intimate house scraps, not mob scenes on the campus.
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
STUDENTS! Get Your DAD in the Exponent
Saturday— If your Dad is visiting Purdue, get his name on the list that will be published — in the Purdue Exponent — Saturday only I For this service you must register your Dad’s name at the Purdue Union, Friday afternoon. One dime will be charged to cover printing costs. The Purdue Exponent
Chem Honorary Iniflates Omicron Nu
Twenty-Four Members
Twenty-four new members of the Catalyst Club, chemical engineering honorary society, were initiated Wednesday evening. Gradilate students initiated Wednesday night were R. S. Craig, V. J. Anhorn, and H. F. Wiegondt. Seniors included N. H. Brubaker, J. Curnick, T. E. Dann, P. S. Forsyth, M. W. Gregory, L. M. Hirsch, S. Knotts, C. La Liberte, C. B. Metz, D. W. Meyers, P. E. Miller, J. Price, L. W. Schmidt, J. H. Smith, V. B. Thegze, M. S. Thomson, D. C. Wamsley, and M. F. Wildish. Three juniors—A. B. Clarke, J. C. Van Horn, and W. A. Woods—complete the list.
. . . home economics honorary, held one of its opening meetings yesterday at their bi-yearly pledging services in the Home Economics auditorium. First semester pledges are: Estella Cohan, Benita House, Myra Lewis, Betty Spears, and
Margaret Crankshaw.
Initiation services for the organization will be held November 2 in the Home Economics building, fol-
lowing a formal dinner.
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Exponent Workers: There will be a special eight-page Dad’s Day edition tomorrow morning. Everybody out tonight. —FRED.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—16 mm. movie camera P 4 5 lens. Ten Dollars 8 mm Univex F 6.6 lens Six-fifty Call 65601.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Meet in PTS room of the ME building at 12 :45 Saturday, October 21. Very important. —DUCKWORTH.
EE Seniors: Meet at North entrance of EE building at 1 p. m. Saturday. —KEEN, NITSCHE.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60B Main Street.
Wesley Foundation: Fun night Friday, October 20. Dro:ij in for games and eats after pep session. •—McFADDEN
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Grey topcoat from Alpha Tau Omega house dance Saturday night. “Mowly’’ inside pocket. Reward.
LOST—Waltham watch, chain, knife. Sigma Xi key, Yale bafid charm Room 211, Union Reward.
MISCELLANEOUS LEARN TO ’TYPE—^New class to start in ten days Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days New method Indorsed by leading universities Results guaianteed Streamlined typing. Leave reply at west desk of Union.
G I L L E S I E'S RESTAURANT SUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT DISHES, GLASSWARE, SILVER, UTENSILS 221 Columbia Street Phone 6405
POPCORN A Great Health Food 5e - lOe - 15e - 25c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
Follow Arrow And You Follow The Style
It's National Arrow Week
His Master's Choice A N Arrow combination hard to beat is this AEROLANE feature . . . Arrow shirt ($2) and Arrow tie ($1) . . . both made precisely for each other. This distinctive spaced stripe broadcloth shirt, tailored by Arrow, will win many compliments for you. Get yours today, in colors, blue, tan and green— all sizes. Sanforized Shrunk (Fabric shrinkage less than 1%). ARROfV SHIRTS COLLARS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . , UNDERWEAR
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Engineer—4 reels—sound; The Medical Regiment—6 reels—sound; The SOS of the Divisioi)—2 reels—silent. These films are shown in connection with the course in tactics, attendance optional. —THOMPSON.
Freshman Co-feds: Any freshman co-eds interested in running for WSGA freshman representative should turn in petition signed by twenty-five classmates by Monday, October 23, to Ann Slckman at the WRH. —SICKMAN.
Science Seniors: Meet at gate 2 under the banner at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, October 21. There will be a truck at head of parade. Let’s have a 100 per cent turnout. Mechanicals may beat us on the turnout—let’s put on the show. —HOBBS, ARCHIBOLD, JENKINS, AXELROD.
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (10-22) —^HARDING Lutheran Students: There will be a meeting of the Lutheran Students Association in room F of the Union at 4:16 p. m., Friday, October 19. All Lutherans are cordially invited to attend. —HALL. Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a meeting in room G of the Union on Friday, October 20. A short program, followed by refreshments, is planned. Everyone is invited. —SHIEKEL.
Prospective Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Carnot Circles will be ready Saturday morning. Call for them at the PI Kappa Phi fraternity. Twenty-five cents. (10-21) —BROBERG.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OF MEN.
Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1930. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH Chemical Engineering Seniors: All seniors please be present at Chemical and Metallurgical building at 12:46 p. m., Saturday, October 21, for the cord parade. Let’s win the trophy this year. —OMOHUNDRO.
Weight Lifting Club: Important meeting Tuesday, October 24, at 7 p. m., basement of Fieldhouse. —BRITT.
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group and cabinet will be taken Sunday morning, October 22, following the morning service at the West Lafjiyette Baptist Church. Make special effort to attend. —SWANSON.
All Seniors: If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if you want your picture in the 1940 Debris arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office, second floor of Union. —WILLIAMSON.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White at the Armory before 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 26. Each entry will list by name the Executive and Assistant Executive, both juniors, and the Chief of Section and Gunner, both sophomores. It will also list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeurs, all sophomores. Names once submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, named above. Entries will be accepted in the order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received. —FAULCONER.
Senior Mechanicals: jCleet at the Mechanical Engineering building at 1 p. m. Satu^ day, October 21, for Senior Day Parade. A 100 per cent attendance is expected in competition for trophy. —DUCKWORTH Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8486; those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbes, 2663. Women are needed- for make-up coihmittee. Call Marjorie Hoo^ver. —McFADDEN. SAE Members; Auto show plana pos^ poned because of strikes in auto plants. If you have any ideas, see your committee A -r (10-20) —CAHILL. FRATERNITIES PRESIDENTS: Get freshman grade cards from Pi Kappa Alpha, Triangle, or Theta Tau fraternities this week. (10-20) —AMTFraternities and Sororities: All house managers who have not ordered Gold Pepper balloons, do so immediately from Libby Barmes at the Woman’s Residence Hall, south. —MITCHELL, Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledge meeting Friday, October 20, at 4:16 in the Agriculturist office. ■—CRUM.
CE 41; An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE.
Gimlet Pledges: Report at Delta Tau Delta house Saturday, October 21, at 12:20 p. m. Be there. Important. —FRAZEE.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures Will report Saturday, October 21, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with: A-E incl., room 264, Electrical building; F-Le incL, loom 129, Electrical building; Li-R incl', room 201 Civil Engineering buildifig; S-Z inch, room 101 Michael Golden Shops. (10-21) —KNAPP. Mechanical Engineering Students: AU who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) —YOUNG.
Public Service Seniors: Meeting Friday, October 20, at Union West Lounge at 2 p m Parade plans Let’s make it good —COMMITTEE.
Military: The following War Department training films will be shown on Friday, October 20, and Tuesday, October 24, at 4 p m in room 104, Armory: The Combat USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
The Jay son Style Bureau’^ PROVIDES THE RIGHT SHIRT SELECTION We have stocked our Jayson Style Bureau with your own bureau in mind. You will find each Jayson Shirt a complete masterpiece in its own right . . . a shirt you can pull out at random and wear with pride. The assortment includes Whitehall . . .the ultimate white shirt . . . and a splendid variety of colored and patterned shirts. All enjoy the regular soft or *Jasonized no-starch, no-wilt collar model ... all are tailored to the King's taste by Jayson's Troy craftsmen . . , and all are outstanding in value at $2 each, JAYSON SHRUNK • Fabric Shrinkage less than 1%—Federal Specifications CCC-T-191 A
A new shirt if one shrinks below marked size.
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP IKIC
A new shirt if it does not give satisfactory wear.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
♦made under Celanese patents