wm
,r
BtlglBipsai
"'feviif... f-f"
G«^>By« 'Til I94Z t^/s Expo Is Last This Year
xfumeni
M§ny Chcistiii^ Ami A Happy New Yeir
Vaume. 53s No. 83
West Lafctyeite# Indiana
Friday. December ■IS ■M^laOMIII.pMSOlWISillO^M^^
CIIk, vttsawioH iCiUNI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
5.500 Hear Christmas
Convocation
Musical Organizatibns Present Final Religious Program Of 1941 Season
Riveters Will Meet Great Lakes Squad In Chanty Game Tonight PiA Dance I m Independents Sponsor
I Murray Appoints Lewis Supporters To Labor Management Meeting
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16. — CIO President Phil Murray was chief author of the labor-management conference now called by Roosevelt to formulate a voluntary system for ihdustrial peace during the war. Murray proposed the voluntary plan as a substitute for the drastic Sipith anti-strike bill. Until the House, inflamed by John L. Lewis’s captive mine strike, passed this measure, Muih’ay had not been very active in promoting labor peace. In fact, he irately quit the National Defense Mediation Board because it vetoed Lewis’s demands for a closed shop in the captive coal mines. But Roosevelt, anxious for maximum national unity and opposed to the principle of restrictive labor laws, decided to give Murray’s conference proposal a ^hance. So at the President’s private behest, the Senate Labor Committee agreed to hold up action on the drastic Smith bill until the conference had a chance to see what it could produce. The President invited management, the AFL and CIO to pick their top men for the conference, 'the delegation named by William Green consists of the ablest and most" ihftucntial chiefs of the AFL. Like the epiployer group, they represent the key defense industries covered by the AFL. But the delegation named by Murray is another story. Not only is it dominated by John L. Lewis, but it omits a number of the ablest leaders in the CIO. Furthermore, it lacks representatives from several key industries. Of the six conferees named by Murray, five are strong Lewis supporters. Of the five Lewisites, two are leftwingers who were violently opposed to the defense and foreign policy programs until Hitler invaded Russia. One of them, Julius Emspak, is not even head of his union. He is merely secretary-treasurer of the Electrical and Radio Workers. Cai’cfully omitted by Murray from the delegation was John Green, able president of the Shipbuilders Worker's. Green represents a key defense industry, but he is independent, is not tied to Lewis’s apron strings. Also omitted was Clint Golden, acting head of the Steel Workers, anothci vital defense industry. Golden is no Lewisite. There are other able CIO chiefs that Murray could—and should— have named to the delegation. But if ho had, the delegation would have been independent and not under the thumb of John L. Lewis, the man who in November 1940 announced to the world ho would retire from leadership of the CIO if Roosevelt was re-elect-ed. , Two days before the conference opened, Murray, nominally chairman of the CIO group, held a lengthy private pow-wow with Lewis on plans and tactics. Apparently John L. is still the real leader. Note: Muuay’s naming of a Lewisite delegation had a lot to do with the President’s choice of Mediation Board Chairman William Davis as moderator of the conference. Plaintalking and tough, Davis lias taken ho guff from Lewis and is bitterly disliked by him. Uncensored Finding out just what the Army and Navy considers military secrets is tough on the aveiage newsi^ian these days. For instance, the Armjf permitted its Frankford Aisenal to publish an aiticle in the American Machinist on “How to Machine 76 mm. Shells.’’ It was written by the Chief Engineer of the Artillery Ammunition Division (Continued on page 2)
Opening ,to the strains of our national anthem, the final Convocation for Worship of the 1941 season was presented to some 5,500 students, faculty and townspeople last evening in the Music Hall. The four-part program, conducted by the University Musical Organizations, and featuring a Christmas theme, consisted of renditions by the Choir and Orchestra plus an informal carol sing in which the members of the audience took part. The Orchestra, under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, opened the program with “Spirit of Christmas,’’ a fantasia by Reibold. FolIbwing this selection the orchestra played various excerpts from (‘The Nutcracker Suite” by Tschaikowsky. These numbers included: “Overture Miniature,” “Marche,” “Danse des Mirlitons,” ‘(E^anse de la Fee-Dragee,” and “Danse russe Trepak.” Carol Singing Processional Leading oif the second part of the program, the entire University Choir of 260 voices, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, formed a special candle-lighted processi9nal with various choral groups marching down the Music Hall aisles from the balconies and wings to the stage singing a group of Christmas songs as they came. Seven carols were sung by the choir during this part of the program—several issuing from scattered sections of \the Music Hall as the processional wound throughout the building. Members of the audience were given the opportunity to participate in part three of the program, as A1 Stewart led the gathering in the singing of “0 Come, All Ye Faithful,” “While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks By Night” and “0, Little Town Of Bethlehem.” Closing number of the convocation was the choir’s presentation of the Bach contata “For Us A Child Is Born.” Accompanist, Soloists Joanne Lloyd accompanied the choir and Marvin Smith, tenor; William Rothenberger, baritone; William Morgan, tenor; and Alice Coe, contr'alto were the soloists of the
Over 300 Spectators Crowd Studio To See 'Campus Varieties'
PURDUE
Sprowl
By Jean Lauer Tierney WBAA got out its “standing A. Menke room only” sign Wednesday night Blanken (C)
Caress
Seek Fourth Victory Against Cosmopolitan Clubs Outstanding Navy Aggregation j^g|jQ„g|
Conference Here
Semi-Formal Toniglitf Specify No Corsages
as over 300 people crowded into the audience stVdio to hear “Campus Varieties,” comedy and musical
show fi'om 9:16 to 10:16.
Laughter reigned throughout the first part of the show as Bill Stewart, master of ceremonies, and Jim Hobson did their Christmas “shoplifting” early. Featured in the cast were Larry Myers, announcer,
“Penelope” Peiwine,
PROBABLE LINEUP
POSITION
F F C
G
G
OFFICIALS—Referee, Nick Kearn Lyle Clarno, Bradley. BROADCAST—WBAA.
GREAT LAKES Anderson Caliban W. Menke Andres
DePaul;
Currie Umpire,
Registration Will Begin Sunday For Members From 78 Universities
University Cosmopolitan Club will be host to club members fiom 78 universities and colleges in the
At the second in its series Of four evening dances, the PtA will hold its annual Christmas formal tonight from 9 till J2 in both ballrooms of the tJilion. Phil Levant and his orchestra, featuring Gloria Hart and Chick Nonda as vocalists, will furnish music for the occasion. According to the PIA executive board, the dance is to be a semi-formal affair and
By Bob Krieger ^
Seeking their fourth straight victory of the current cage campaign, the undefeated Boilermaker hardwood squad will “Bushy-Lip” match scoring power with the brilliant Great Lakes Naval
Powell, “Cloudy” Conger and “Hee- Training Station quintet in a benefit encounter tonight at 7:30
za-chefski” McCrum. Clever sound p.^. on the Fieldhouse COUrt. The Naval aggregation, which is loaded with former col-
United States on Sunday, Monday corsages will be striCtly for-
and Tuesday of next week. Theme bidden.
za-chefski” McCrum. Clever sound effects were created by Walter
Butz.
Slapstick Comedy “Red-Riding Hood ... 1942 Style,” a slapstick version written by Thco-
of the confeience, to which over 10,000 members have been invited, is “Humanity; Democracy the Aim
of Cosmopolitan.”
According to LaVonne Kellar, local president, the purpose of the meeting is to advise and instinct
, . , , , , , , , , , ^ foreign students as to what is exlegiate cage stars, has already humbled Indiana and Notre pected of them m their relations
with Ameileans in view of the pres-
Dame, and the gunning for a
tars will be clean sweep
dore Brown, was the dramatic in- against Hoosierdom’s basket-
tcrest in the latter half of the show. (jaU “Big Three.”
Forest Anderson
Musical interludes weie provided by Irv Given and his orchestra, with vocals by Jo Friend and Ed Beardsley. The script for this popular
The Sailors, who have aveiaged fifty points per game in winning five out of six starts, rule as favorites over® Boilermaker combina-
comedy show was written by Bill ^^at has yet to settle down to
Stewart and Jim Hobson who, incidentally, §tayed up the whole night befoie the show in oider to
get it finished in time.
Town Girls Discuss Formation Of Club At Initial Meeting
By Charlotte Hass
Fifty town girls met yesterday with Dean Stratton and Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS, to discuss the possibility of organizing
a Town Girls Club.
For many years there has been a need for such an organization on this campus to acquaipt the coeds who live in Lafayette and the sur
a steady pace, although it has turned in three consecutive victories. The game will renew a number of collegiate rivalries on a new basis. Five of the eleven members of the Great Lakes squad will feel perfectly at home on the Fieldhouse flooi—^Bill, Menke and Ernie Anic.^. of Indiana; Jim Currie and Dick Klein of Northwestern; and Bob Caliban of Detroit—^all of whom
ent international situation. Registration Sunday Registration and orientation will begin Sunday noon in the Union. National piesident Luis DeBayle, ChE ’42, will preside at a buffet supper that night. He will introduce Fred Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, who will in turn present President E. C. Elliott, who will give the welcoming addiess. Potter To Talk National business meeting and panel discussions on subjects per-
PIA social chairman, Eugene A. Bohlke, stated that passports, in addition to PIA membership cards, would be required for admission to the dance. Tickets for non-members are priced at $1.10 per couple. Began As Violinist Phil Levant started his musical career as a violinist, but disappointed his family, who had aspit--
ations for his becoming a concert
violinist, by joining a dance band
at the age of fifteen.
When he was nineteen, however, he organized his own orchestra and began playing in Chicago theat^.
Recently At Trianon
The band is coming to the camr pus after recent engagements at the Trianon Ballroom qnd the Bfe; mark Hotel in Chicago, apd tgp Schroeder Hotel in Milwapkee. Among Levant’s compositions are his “Afterglow” and the Marqqi^e^
taining to the organization will University “Victory March.”
VACATION SCHEDULE Dec. 27 ^tler, there Dec. 31 Texas A & M, here Jan. 3 Chicago, here Jan. 5 Michigan, here
compiise Monday’s program. Monday night A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering and member of the national defense board, will be the principal speaker. Aftei the talk
another Hoosier who made » Program will be held consisting
of dancing and other acts which are typical of the countries represent-
ed.
Another business meeting and a tour of the campus will conclude the conference Tuesday, p.g.h.
The new PIA pin will be on exhibit at the dance, on a Christmas theme will be bpl]^
around this new PIA in^gni® as a background, a.p.h.
good on the haidwood out on the Pacific coast, Stanford University, will be on the floor opposing Purdue Friday night under the banner of the Gieat Lakes Tiaining Station. This team which is composed largely of former Big Ten stars
Debris Prices Go This Afternoon At 4:30
has been veiy successful on a cir
cuit of top-1 anking colleges in the
made frequent appearances on the Boilermaker hardwood during their
rounding vicinity with their part in collegiate careeis. From the Hoo- middle-west. Anderson is considered campus life, but never before has siei angle, there will also be added expert at ball-handling-and in it been attempted. The girls pres- interest in the game due to the fact general plays a biand of ball that ent at the meeting received the idea that two other Gieat Lakes stars, should provide the undefeated Boil-
Forrest Anderson, of Stanford, and
Copies of the 1942 Debris ma||r
f- Students Must Return All still be obtained for $4.50 until 4;3D
Books Before Vacation
evening. At the conclusion of the convocation the choir hummed “Silent Night” and a brilliant star was projected upon the blue haze backdrop of the darkened stage, a.p.h.
Exponent Staff
of such an innovation with much enthusiasm when told that through this group they could meet more of the other college girls who live in the residence halls as well as other students through dinners and par-
ties together.
Few people icalizc that there aie between 200 and 300 girls in the University who live in the immediate locality, and most of these have little chance to get acquainted with other men and coeds. Dean 'Strat
John Lobsigcr, of Missouii, .both
hail from Gary.
The battle of bi other against brother at center will piovide another highlight, with A1 Menke, tl^e Boilermakers’ sensational sophomore, slated to be matched against Bill, who was selected for the AllAmerican cage team while he attended school at Indiana University. Befoie the start of the game, a flag will be laised in the Fieldhouse
eimakeis with a rigid test.
Last Of Exam Series Will Go On Sale Soon
By the end of this week the Student Senate in cooperation with the Univeisity will have the last four final examination booklets on sale for students at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. All sets
All library books now in the hands of students who expect to leave for the vacation should be returned at once. Special loans will be made, however, upon application at the loan desk. Such special loans will be limited to books normally circulated for two weeks. The Library will be open during part of the Christmas vacation, but on a reduced schedule of hours. This schedule will be posted on the Library door. j.r.
p.m. today, Steve Minton, junior sales manager, has announced, lllie time extension has been granted fot the first time in the yearbook’s history in order to make it easier fop students to buy the book. After 4:30 this afternoon the price will be
raised to $5,00.
The Debris is for sale at the Union west desk, the Debris office in the Union, and at the table outside the Sweet Shop, p.g.h.
Kappa Sigma
. . . social frateraity, announces the pledging of Ed Wells, Quincey,
Christmas party Friday from 4 to 6 in the reception room of the Union. —Traugott
ton said that these girls need to to fhe accompaniment of appropri- of exams are now available except
Lt. J. S. Wiley
recognize their places on the campus in activities as well as in their school woik. They need to know more people, both faculty and students.
ate music by the University band, aftei which each of the Great Lakes players will be intioduced by Lt. J. Russell Cook, athletic officei at
the Naval Training Station.
. . . CE ’34, and son of Pi of. R. B. Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering School, has been appointed associate U. S. public service engineer for Distiict 4 in New Orleans. Wiley obtained his master’s degiec in sanitary engineering at Haivard University in 1935 and has been engaged in U. S. public health seivicc in the Southern headquarters in New Orleans.
Dr. J. F. Eckel Develops New Conductor Cable Insulatiop Adhesive, Manufacturing Process
ing those for junior and senior Civ- ^ ils, junior and senioi PSE’s, fieshmen and sophomore Pharmacy, and Physical Ed foi men; however, the present supply is nearly exhausted. The examination booklets have been mimeographed from the stencils used foi making last year’s finals. To help working with the books, the pages have been piinted on regulation paper and are in loose l^af form. c.h.
Relief Committee Asks For Student Donations
Launching a drive for clothing.
Church Choirs Present'
By Dave Ochiltree P’ew students realize what a maize of wiles and cables their voices travel when they call home and cleaily hear then parents’ voices from hundieds of miles away. They
pells water and finally anothei metal sheath over the entire cable. October Patent Dr. Eckel’s October patent is on a mateiial that will act as an adhesive between both the thermo-
probably don’t think of the years plastic insulator and the metal cov-
'Messiah' Tonight At 8
Paul Tincher Smith Choir will sing Handel’s “Messiah” at the First Methodist Church of West Lafayette tonight at 8, commemorating the 200th anniversary of the writing of the composition. This will be the ninth presentation of the “Messiah” by the choir, which will be assisted by members of other choirs in the city. Soloists for the performance include Mrs. Wm. Heath, Mrs. J. E. Joidon, Mrs. Michael T. Ricks, Samuel E. Keller, and Miss Lois Coifing. The choir will be diiected by Mis. H. H. Andeison with Mis. F. J. Roberts as organ accompanist. w.e.i.
of research that have gone into the making of this network of wires that cover our country, but much of this leseaich has been done by Di. John F. Eckel of the Metallurgical Bnginediing school.
Kaap Cables Dry
Dr. Eckel holds a number of pat-
ers and yet to not interfere with the final soldeiing of the metal sheaths in this type of cable. The second patent is one in which Di. Eckel, with the assistance of William Moising, Iivington, N. J., has developed a machine that greatly inci eases the ease with which
ents on conductoy cables, the most the theimoplastic compound can be recent ones being issued on Oct. 1 put on the cable. In this piocess the and Aug. 19 this yeai. Di. Eckel ex- coveiing is wiapped aiound the plained that the main problem in cable and sealed under pressure all making cables is to get them abso- in one operation.
Draft Registrants To the students registered under Selective Service Act of 1940: Those students whose deferments terminate on or before Jan. 20 should see the heads of their respective departments before they leave for Christmas vacation in order to complete the necessary forms for renewal of deferment. (Selective Service Memorandum no. 31.) Edward C. Elliott
President
Boxes for Relief are asked to send their dqnati*^ In each sorority, fiateinity, Cary theie, or if delivery is irapossibln^ Hall and Women’s Residence Hall they are asked to get in touch,
a box has been placed to receive
lutely dry and then to keep them that way thioughout the duration of their service. To keep the wires this way the average conductor cable is made up of the wiies covered with dry paper, a metal sheath, a thermoplastic material that re-
Brass Also Used Brass has been substituted in another one of Dr. Eckel’s numerous patents on this subject. At the piesent time this cable is in actual use to test its ability to stand up undei actual weather condition.
Dr. G. E. Marshall
. . . and G. E. Gould, University
entomologists, will attend meetings of two National Entomological So-
cieties in San Fianciseo
Chiistmas vacation.
books and magazines, the Relief mutilated for reading pur* Funding Coordinating Committee will be sold and the mooep composed of students and faculty used to purchase blafihbts
members appointed by Pi'esident E. other necessities. C. Elliott, is now asking that the Clothes
student and faculty body of the Warm wool clothing is especiaUsF University contribute articles to needed for relief. The committed help the needy of Ameiica. urges that all students look thropgH
Pi of. F. C. Hockema, assistant their wardrobes in search of
to the President, who is heading that they no longer wear or the committee, said that this drive well do without. Any article will take the place of the many is no longer of service to th«i smaller ones which would arise from sent owner may bring comfofiT tii
individual parties. This central some unfortunate sufferer,
drive will extend until Wednesday, The central depositing office is Jan. 7. located in the Union. Cont.irth»ft^>yj|
any member of the committee tirW will arrange for collection of thflf
ai tides.
Faculty members of the committee are Prof. P. C. Hockema^ Oea Maiy Matthews, and Prof. I*
contributions of students. After the Christmas holidays these boxes will be collected by members of the committee. At the discretion of the committee the collected articles will
be distributed to various relief Sears. Student members am agencies in the country. Dibos, Damon Elder, Florence I Clothing will be sent to civilians Agnes McCulloch, Gloria Foy, in war-torn areas. Books and mag- bara Adkins, Mildi-ed OweojS^ ' " azines will be sent not only to civ- Ellen Scarff, Bob Stecker, 1,^ during iiians but also to hoys in army field, Lee Ruffner, and
camps. Magazines which are too p.s.A
f I
v III. III
- Purdue Exponent ■', < ■- Friday, December
GRIN AND BEAR IT
-with Jeatinie Latter-
NcSces
«
’ JwBl^ant’to give you this one finil reminder that Christmas-tiinc 1)8 here ... so please hurry to linish up all your shopping, and Wc«^|tring everybody lots of pretty presents. Make everyone
MO^r jpJBRSONAL OF GIFTS . : i and alway^s sincerely appreciated is a photograph of 5'onrself; PareriO, friends, sweeth^earts . . . all wdold Ihvfe to iieci^iVe a IbVigly^^eAv'pieturc bf-you.'And they Hk ean’l help hut admire the expcrt'yyorkmanship df a plroto^ta\)h from the' Cameras hnd ialid also picture frames, are other gift suggestions from Studio. i YOI^L FIND Ti»E COLORS'OF THE RAINBOW . . v in tl#afeadtiVe%dusecbats*at'^>Meen City. So whether, youIpfeplAyidfg'Santa tAymirsclf or'^omedne else.'Jf^bp into iook at this rose garden of prints and'gay colors. The librarprints made up in the quilted silks and cot- **® the more vivid rbyal hluckand rvines that you will see in the'mbrc tailored satin Mhdels. Prices range from $2.95 for the cottons tp $115^.(10 fprithe silks and satins. GOIPRFUL AND GAY . ■- is'the scene that greets you right as you enter Loehs, for the counter that you first bOine to is the One deluged with literally thousands ofhandkerchiefs. These, are gifts that are right for all . . . men and ivomen, and children, too. The hoses madfe-up for ■ I jjjddies arc clever and appealing . . . containing briglitly-eolbred handkerchiefs with appliqued animals.'You’ll find excellent! values and exceptionally smart hankies here at Loebs, A PRACTICAL SUGGESTION . . . v and one that c^ery girl should heartily endorse is giving: a hlouse as a'Christmas gift. A girl just never hay too many of them, atid they always come in handy as a change for a favorite suit. Along the most practical line is a broadcloth shirt, with convertible neckline and long Or short sleeves .. . priced at $2.25 And $2!98, depending upon the sleeve length you prefOr. $3.50 will buy a dainty- batiste with lace trime and embroid-ery-hnd small crystal buttons, while $3.98,i8 the price of a washable white crepe, with feathei stitching in red, navy blue, or kelly green about the collar and cuffs. All are to be found at the sports bar at
Loeb's.
I^VST MINUTE SHOPPING. . . . is nO pi-oblem if you’ll just stop in at Lodde’s. Here you’ll find a gallery of gifts, all the exquisite jewelry that is Lodde’s kejTiotc. If you may it your gift headquarters, you’ll be delighted with the selection and superb array of gifts for every person on that list of yours. For the women you’ll find exquisite pearls, and pendant sets, as well as glittering lockets and rings. The thing to note about all thc; merchandise here is its exceptional high-quality. GIFTS THAT ARE SURE TO BRING . . . satisfaction and pleasure are books. No matter how busy one may be in this hustling world of today, there is always a time when sitting quietN to read brings a real sense of enjoyment. Select fiction, a ISiest liovcl, perhaps, or non-fiction, depending On the preferences and taste of the individual to w hom you are giving it. Southworth’s offer exceptional rvalues and excellent books. Of the newer novels here are Scarlet Petticoat, by Nard Jones, a stirring novel of the early days of the Hudson Bay territory, and One Red Rose Forever, by Alildred Jordan, Music lovers would truly enjoy the T’reu.snry o/ Gilbert and Sullivan, edited by Deems Taylor! No matter wdlat type of book you choose, you’ll find it at Southicorth's book detJartmCnt. SA^A KNOWS . ■: - that crested jew'clry from Burr-Pat makes an excellent gift for Christmas. You have all seen the glittering lockeiS', bracelets, cigarette cases, ocmpacts . . . and'thb'ihultitudc of other pieces of jbw^elry that are made truly individual wdth his or her fraternity or sororjiy crest, Burr-Fflt also carries jewelry with the W.R.H.- and Cary Ilall crests as w ell as the Purdue seal. So for gifts that will be really w'cll-rcccivcd . . . one that will really click . . . choose crested jeryclry, at Burr-Pat., . HOW MANY-OF-YOU'. . ^ arc in the samd boal as this little man . . . and have Waited until this lafet niiriiite before even thinking alioiil Uhtistnias cards? They arc a thoughtful way of rcincmhcring both old and liew' friends, aiid bring their returnfs in stroii'g friendship. The University Book Store offer a w'ldc and distinctive assortment of cards, includhig; for exaniple,32 Dickens sketches for 79 cents and 15 cards with festive pictures On a homespun background for only 50 cents. At 32 for a dollar are the cards wuth Edgar A. Guest verses and the Famous Masterpiece set. All are to be purchased at the University Book tSore. JUST EVERYTHING UNDER ’THE SUN ... in thc line of things to cat. This is w hat the hill of fare gives you at the Union Grill . . . ai^ything from fountain service to dinners. It's' the only placc’in the Ullioii'v^hcr'c'there is continuous food service ... 7 to 10:30 during the week and open until 12:30 on w eek-ends. A specialty at the Grill is a cube steak and
Science-Seniors! Graduating in January
are asked to call at Dean. Ehders office. Coulter Hall at their earliest convenience.
' . —ENDEES. Purdue Gymnastic Club: Members are
asked to pay their dues for Nov. and Dec. at the- office of Dr. Eastwood, Room) 110 at.
the Fieldhouse. —POZBR Registration Workers: Students Who wish
to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 21 and 28, 1942, arc requested to make application beferoe Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar's qlTico. Those with prewious experience at registration or in other
clerical jobs are given preference.
, —R. B. STONE
WAA Volley Ball: Frosh tryout either Thursday, Dec. 18, or Monday, Jan.-5. Anyone with two practices and one intramural game is eligible to tryout. ., „ , , —BLAGRAVE
AIT ROTC Students: Classes and drill# lAay be-attended out of uniform beginning noon, Friday,, Dec. 19, and ending noon, Dec. 2&r.. 'yiir. >. —GRAHAM Ereshmeh Engineers: .Meet for Ertgineering Lectures Saturday! Dee. 20, at, 8 a.m. in Music Hfeli; —KNAPP Friday’s Exponent Staff: No paper tomorrow. Report at the Exponent Christmas party in the reception, room of the Union instead of at thc office. —SPIKE
snr'-'7-T
jv i
EiiterCd as second class ttlSttCr At tlie'lilst.;, Office in Lafayelte,;rIndian:A,^fldet...thO acti.of Congress of MdiiSh. S'v. WT®,. ani -at the; special rate of ffostage provided for in eec-;? lion 1103, act of October 18, ilftlT.Jauthorized; January 20, 1922. 'Published i'dtfily excepti ,
Classilied
typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. MimeQgraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770. » Exponent Carriers Wanted: 'Must have bicycle pr car. Apply Exponent office, 4:15-
5:30 p. m. | •
'wonimEy xoutdm- j, v»ar,»o*»».ia
Monday , during the regular academie y«#r( and weekly during; the SUttiBler^-^siopf, Delivered locally by carrier for; $3.80 pOr , year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. ~ - Editor-in-chief ....,......;..Ne^d A. OchiUrM,
News Editor u
Managlng Editor. ....:...,.....L*ia«drW. ^«5Jr Business Manager Uop o.
STAPP.FOR TmS ISSUE'y,
Day Editor •• IBwpGn Sports Editor Issue Editor -jfr•—,'ff; ' Reporters: C.-Hass, J. W. FoUntain^^P. Stenberg, J. D. Smith, J. Laueb, A. Hitter.,. W. E. Rafert, D. Pickering, 0. Starr.; Skilj-. man, Tierney, Richardson, Fischer, yormil-, ■ lioni ■' ■ '' ' ' '.'i ■
r, ■ T, 1 n, 11 Lost: Light tan billfold with Kappa SigReamer Club: Basketball tickLis "’“.y J; ma crest—in the vicinity of Soiithworth’s obtained from me in Exponent office. Please Jf„,fpuod return .to Expon,cnt get them before vacation. .f, f ... — . —RUFFNER on ICC.
Independent Students: PIA memberships may be obtained at the PIA .office every evening this week from 4 to 6:30, also Friday evening < before the dance. —GORIS. NY A Workers: Cheeks for period ‘ending Dec. 7 are now available at the cashier’s office in.the.%xccul^iYe ljnBE '
EVERY MIGHT
-fr-rr
i GILLESPirS Dishes Silverware Glassware ■ ' ' '' Cobki'iig'Utensils Dining Room Furniture 221 Columbia St. “ PHortc 6405
l,g. V. a. F.t Ofl., All Kla.'KM.'
“We like to treat our cook like one of the family—-then Otis
\ can tell her what he think^ of her !•’
— TODAY - SATURDAY ^ JOHNNY MACK B^OWN '.'Iw ■
DR. Mi P. LORD 1 -DENTIST y 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
Vacation Specials Leave Tomorrow Christmas vacation trains to Chir
cago, Buffalo, Cleveland and New York will leave the Big Four station in Lafayette tomorrow .afternoon. These special trains will be
sponsored by the Student Senate. The Chicago train will leave at 1
p.m. and the Eastern train at 12:45 p.m. Identification coupons for the round-trip fares will be on sale at the University Book Store between
4 and 5:30 p.m. this afternoon.
Merry do Round
' (Continued from page l)
with full diagrams, and should give any eneiPy agent a pretty good* idea on the type of U. 'S. artillery ammunition—all for the price' of the magazine-^35 cents ...' Cuban President Batista was-bitterly disappointed that Costa Rica beat Cuba in xleclaring wai- against Japan .
Riivalry between the Army, and
Navy is traditidnal and a healthy thing to spur cohipetition. But probably never befoi’e has there been so much undercpver jockeying as to who was tO; blame for Pearl Harbor .\. . Vice President Wallace’s penchant for post-season tennis is causing embarrassment to his hotel. The 'hotel’s courts are closed, but on Wallace’s promise to keep them in condition, he is allowed to have his daily morning game with, his sister, the wife of the Swis.s Minister. Other guests, not aware of this arrangement, think there is discrimination and squawk to thc management, (Copyright,. 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
SUFBR'MAHKEXvv
— AND — felPff BEtlflMY Fitli HABCARET LIMDSAII
with Chofley Gropewln
ummu is*-'*-'""*
TODAY - TOMORROW I FIRST RUN HITS Gangdom's cruelest criminal turns out to be .. .'A woman!
Set?;.Debris News On Page 1 It’s There This Time
Dennis O’KEEFE. Judith ANDERSON Frances NEAL • Mildred COLES • Eric BLORE ___—i_ PLUS — — A Whirlwind of Stirring Action! The Grandson Of ’ RIN TIN TIN in LAW OF THE WOLF
GIVE "HIM” Belt and buckle set by Hickok. Buckle has his 2 initials in Kristol, Stratoline design. Beautifully boxed for giftgiving.
STARTS SUNDAY
Thrillinsly teamed in tfa« story of tbo nan who bad one foot in hcayco—and . tbe other in hot waterl
The book was swell but the picture tops it by milnl
A WARNER BROS. HIT, with BEULAH BOND! • GENE LOCKHART ELISABETH FRASER • HARRY DAVENPORT LAURA HOPE CREWS • GRANT MITCHEU
— ALSO — "JUNGLE, GIRL" Serial — ADDED — PATHE NEWS LyHA today -tomorrow TWO FEATURE HITS ZAWE G^SY’S RIMRS OF Tffi
r®s‘®s»s'ssass®^s with
If you’re in a panic oyer your shopping, solve the problem today at LODDE’S. Everyone will like jewelry. Watches, lockets,
bracelets, key chains, silverware, collar pins, cigarette cases, rings, knives. A Joyful Christinas to All!
Leading Jewelers Since 1 884
ALSO
SUN.-MON —2 HITS SONJA HEHIE IUHN
GLENN MILLER and his Orchestra — ALSO — IT’S THE YEAR’S PAY-DFF and EXCITEWENT?
OKEHHOMlSVlMiri this unwP'®"*'' Slot years andffever he seen —ae**
iW greatest adventure story since TREASURE ISLAND’!
BOWL in UIIOI ALLEYS
$250 MEN'S SHOP
waMP fllR
iFrom the Salurdoy Evening Poit SJory fay Vereen Bell I WALTER BRENNAN • WALTER HUSTON | ANNE BAXTER-DANA ANDREWS IVirgInio Gilrtior* • John Carrodine • Mary Howard j lEugtno Pallotfo ; Ward Bond * Quinri Wliliamt ‘
STARTS SATURDAY MARS
Tybrnffiicd. lAnhyn, The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of Activities
n'*'
"WSm.4'k
A % V, I
Tuesday evening Dec. 16 the Pur^iJue Boxing Association announced •ten HfeW %^edg:fe8j The ^liew -pledges five Bydto, Aleicapder, Savage, Ma|pr, McMillen, Kennedy, Lawyer, fiewJeg, KautsliS^, and Kreisle. These pledg:es ^may be distinguished by the pair of boxing gloves w.orn around the neck while on the cam-
pWteaThe- pleilgeship will last fof one month after which the pledgesi will receive a miniature gold boxing- glovei To Mebt Spartans The P. B. A. makes its initial appeal ance when they meet the Michigan State team on January 30. Eight men will make the trip to the Spaitan campus. According to Joe Benna, coach of the team, those who have a chance to make the trip are Elfin, Alexandei, KrieSle, Kautsky, Bowles and Bouhan.
Meet the Teatlr
pre$enhi^t S'*' St-* .
Dad’s Place so HANDY
POP CORN Sack Sc Gallon 15c Furnas Ice Cream Six Flavors Pint 15c
r }
Friday, December 19, 1941
F«ge d
Aquatic team leaves
Ibe Sports, S^eRapb
For Forum In Florida ik>,
By phil johnson
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT tt MUCU Ol LlTTLl
YOU'lte ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
Last evening at dusk, Dick Papenguth, swimming coach, and 13 members of his Boilermaker aquatic squad left the Eieldhouse in thiee auto? for Foit Lauderdale, Florida to take part in the Intelnational Aquatic Foium, January 3. The squad was through Indianapolis, wheie they weie to be augmented by Patty Aspinall, national breaststroke champion, and hei fa-
ther.
The team stopped overnight last hight at Louisville, Kentucky, and plan to make Port Lauderdale, Florida by Saturday morning. Lt. V. D. Hobbs . . . Sci ’40, is stationed with the U. S. army forces in Manila, P. I., according to word received recently.
. . . lormerly of Detroit University, will play tonight with the Gieat Lakes Tiaining Station squad in the tilt in the Riveter Pieldhouse. Callahan is another of the collegiate stars on the team, now making a tour of the middle-west. He first found fame as an All-American at his alma mater, Detroit University.
erm (^Lnitmas /,
'Just a good place to eat'
i 'mm-I All signs point to a Bright Holiday for us—and we’te ^ hoping you share to the fullest in the Joys of the Season. ^ i GULLlON’S I
^ Just One More Day Until Vacation That thing which most of us came to school to get— a Ghiistmas vacation—will this afternoon or tomorrow morning (for the element who suffeis from Saturday classes) become a reality after these past long weeks of-hopeful waiting. That is, it will become a vacation for all of the students except the basketball, squash, dnd swimming teams. Coach Dick Papenguth and his tank squad of 13 membeis left yesterday afternoon for Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, for the annual International Aquatic Forum. In a few days Chief Clevett and the squash team will embaik on an Eastern jaunt to meet the best racqueteeis that ''the great Eastern schools have'tOf offer. , ^ Hardest Assignment For The Gagers But the hardest job of all will be that of the hardwooders. There won’t be much Christmas loafing foi the Boilermakers this year, that is, if they expect to maintain their nqn-conference winning streak and to prepare for one of the toughest Western Conference schedules ever faced, in more ways than one. Not only will it be the first 15 game Big Ten schedule but the average caliber of the teams is the best it has been in
several years.
Following the game tonight with the G. L. N. T. S., the team will continue to prepare for their first game away from home on December 27 against a surprisingly strong Butler team in Indianapolis.^Four days later on New Year’s eve the Texas Aggies will invade the Fieldhouse with a strong Southwesternr Conference squad. The final and thrrd vacation tilt will be the opening Big Ten battle against Chicago here on January 3. Just to keep things rolling, Michigan will play here on the Monday night of the day classes are resumed. * ► It^s Going To Take Work In case any of you haven’t seen a pr'o bifsketball game, tonight should be a good glimpse of their style of play, hard and rough, mostly the latter. Andies, Menke, Klein, Callihan, and most of the othCis have played on pro teams, and you can bet your boots its going to be a hard game from start to finish. Keep youi eyes on the close-in work under the backboards and you’ll see some of the finest players in the nation showing the tricks of the game that helped make them great. ► For You From Us To the professors who hold in their power to graduate us in June or piolong it until August, and to our readers, we sincerely want to wish you a . . .
M E H H Y
I M A S
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — II9Vi Northwestern Aye. Phone 4965
AMD A HAPPY
MEW YEAH
"Frost/' Sprowf'^ By Paul G. Miller Playing his last season for Ward Lambert and the Boilermaker ipiintet is Forrest “Frosty” SpiSiwA/ a letterman in both football and'Basketball. “Frosty” stands an even six feet and weighs about 175 pounds. < High Scorer He was bOrn in Indiana. His athletic career began at Oblong High School in OWong, Illinois, where he played on both the gridiron and the hardwood. However, “Frosty” admits that basketball is his favorite Spoit. lit his senior year in high school, he earned the Illinois State Record for Season Scoring with a total of 484 points amassed during the year. Last season “Fiosty” was voted“the most Valuable player” by his teammates. He ranked fourth/, iip^ Big Ten scoring. He’s a memib^-of Gimlet and is Vice-President of the P-MenJs Club. Liked Purdue When asked why he chose to come to Purdue he replied that he just’ liked this school better than afiy other. Upon graduation. Uncle Saiit ' will undoubtedly take “ProSty.” lii '* fact, his draft number was Up tins last yeai. However, he hopes to be‘' a physical instructor Tor the artny, and after the duration, he has aspirations of coaching. .
Lovely Linens Perfect Gift!
Dress up your own table— or theirs — with lovely table linen gifts' Choose from dinner sets, luncheon sets — or those "extra" table cloths every home needs Double check our low prices' Gift wrapped
Make this YOUR Christmas Gift A Lovely Living Room in * 18th Century Charm New furniture of Loeb’s quality will be a tonic for the home — we know of > no better way of celebrating Christmas than by adding to the beauty and charm of your living room with carefully chosen pieces of lasting merit and enduring appeal. Note these prices!
Graceful Davenport $89.50 Channel Back Wing Chair 29.50 Deep Lounge Chair 34.50
End Table $7.95 Table Lamp.... 4.95 Coffee Table .. 7.95
FURNITURE — 4TH FLOOR
T|
Season Greetings i Edgertbn Hdwe.
dhSL UNIVERSITY
Wishes the
PURDUE “ -t S-*« fe A .J-'S- .-V V & I i V ' ^ STUDENTS and the FACULTY MEMBERS a TnsMuf ChjuMimoAHiyt |«welry Co. 131" North Fourth Sk Ipltih |i#4^rF ot Moderate Price
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT ^OINT APPLIANCES BkELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
FRIENDLY SERVICE Donded Gas and Oil T. & R. OIL CO., Inc.
Or. PAUL A. RISK ' DR. LUTHER Al RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTis;rs 400-404 Ichultx Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
■i /
Eterything for a :: -- College Education - DEAC’S ♦ 44 4 ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦T
GREETING CARDS ^ FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book $tore Across Froya Onions ^ *Hed** Samtnofts *29 “Doe**'’Eppl# *40
Inspired by L Origan the perfume for your golden moments! Conttiins the Perfume and the famous “Air-Spun" Make Up All in a glamorous and clever gift easel
A MERRY CHRISTMAS and ' Our Best Wishes for Your Health, and Happiness in the NEW YEAR Ahead BOSSUNG Shoe Rebuilders 221 STATE ST.
WITH EVERY GOOD WISH FOR A HAPPY HOLIDAY SEASON We at SOUTHWORTH'S welcome the opportunity this Holiday Season provides to tell you how much your FRIENDSHIP has meant to us With folk everywhere remembering their friends our Christmas wouldn't be complete without a \Aord of friendly greeting to you at this time So, while saying Thanks to you ' we also want to convey our best wishes to you and yours for a bountiful Christmas Season and a New Year filled with HEALTH, HAPPINESS, AND PROSPERITY
PlIRDUl ROOK S SUPPLY STURL
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
EMPLOYEES
Our OLrl6tmai WuL It IS our sincere wish that the Christian concept of peace on earth and good will toward men, may once again fill the hearts of the people in this temporarily unbalanced world, and the true Christmas spirit shall reign again. HAYWOOD'S Exclusive Styles in Christmas Cards 5th and Ferry Sts.
What They Say About Co-eds! 1 No girl looks pretty in clothes that are soiled or n^ed pressing— Keep your dresses fresh and gay in color by having them Crown cleanedTregularly. Laundry
SOUTHWORTH'S
Ext
KflORDlNART ^^LIJ£8 IN
Books for^Every lnterest*MusiC'Biograplsy Art^Fictioll • Reference • Books for Children
Originally Published at #2®®, F3®®, Higher
HOW MANY OF THESE FAMOUS BEST-SELLERS DO YOU WANT FOR
eOVSai.
LmeGLAS' by HICKOK Sparkling clear are these new LiveGLAS Belts and Braces by Hickok.. with clear and colored stripes See these and other ^ new ideas in LiveGLAS today, * $
•viNrtiie IM e »c c 0
UP
4*?
MEN^S SHOP
STREET FLOOR WEST
The Gift She Appreciates Most Imported Perfumes Our foresight in stocking Imports at the beginning of the year gi>cs you a chance to hiiv her Favorite Scent in all probability for the last time in many years Below >vc gi>c you a partial list of the many importations we have in stock PATOU—Joy, Armoui, Moment Supreme and Colony $5.00 to $35.00 CARON— Christmas Night, Bcllodgia, French Can-Can, Rock Gaiden, Nai'cisse Noir $10.00 to $25.00 MILLOT— Crepe de Chine and Recital $2.75 to $8.50 WORTH—Je Revien, Dans La Nuit, Imprudence, Intimate Hour, Secret of Suzanne and Golliwoog and Tout de Suite $1.50 to $13.50 GUERLAIN—Shahmar, Vol de Nuit, L’Heur Blue and Mitsouko $10.00 to $19.00 GRENOVILLE PIEGE— Casanova and Dans Le Nuit $5,00 to $19.50 CHANEL—Gardenia, No 22 Russian Leather and No 5 $2.50 to $18.00 GIRO—Reflexions, Danger, Doux Jasmin and Sui rendei $5.00 to $20.00 SCHIAPARELLI— Shocking, Salute and Sleeping $10.00 to $30.00 CORDAY— Toujour Moi, Tzigane, L’Aidente Nuit, Possession and La Promesse $1.35 to $18.50 D’ORSAY—Belle du Jour, Le Dandy, Trophee, Toujoiu Fidele $2.25 to $13.50 ROGER and GALLET—Fleur de Aimoui and Blue Carnation $1.50 to $5.00 ELIZABETH ARDEN—Blue Glass, Night and Day and Carnation $1.25 to $12.00 DANA—Tabu $2.00 to.$12.00 LENTHERIC—Shanghai, Miracle, Tweed, A’Bientot, Confetti, Anticipation $1.25 to $22.50 HOUBIGANT— Quelque Fleur, Ideal, Essence Raie, Demi-Joui $1.50 to $12.50 COTY— L’Aimant, Pans, L’Oiigan, Styx, Emeiaud, La Fougere, Gardenia, Asuma $1.00 to $10.00
318A.
B135.
477 THE LAW ENCYCLOPEDIA FO» HOME AND BUSINESS -5 BoHes One volume manual every layman needs tp keep out of trouble—/Swow ius rights —protect himself Originally $15 00 Com piece m one master volume ONLY $2 95 9Q/; NOTEBOOKS OF LEONARDO DA VINCI — irranged and I ranslaled rvilh Introductions by I dtvard MacCu dy Famous notebooks of the greatest mind of the Renaissance 64 illustrations
Orig $15 00-MOW $2.75
190 ROGET'S THESAURUS In DIC14.0. tIONARY Form Tot speakers stu dents business men teachers, etc The only
thesaurus in dictionaiy joint ,
Orig $3 00-ONlY $1 00
De luxe Thumb Indexed Edition for quickest reference $1 98
THE HORSE
AND BUGGY DOCTOR-ai/Artf I Hen Icr j\i D Homely icminis censes of a country doctor as ho spent a lifct me bung ing health and comfort to ruial areas As stimu lating in its hu manness as side splitting in Its hu mor as salty in its philosophy as any book of the year —Chicago rnbune ONLY $1 00 99 NIJINSKY - By Romola Nifinsky his asife Unbelicaablc life story of the great dancer, profusely illustra cd Orig $3 75-ONLY $1 00 909 BIRDS OF AMERICA 1 000 pages rditcd by the Pics dent Emciitis of the Audubon Society 1 000 pictures 106 in full color Orig $17 50-NOW $3 95 SEVEN PILLARS OF WISDOM-T E ‘itIOr Lauunce Oacr 100 000 sold at $5 00 —NOW uncNpurgated complete 48 illustra tions Do Luxe b nding ONLY $1 89 C41 BENJAMIN FRANKLIN - Carl Van Do cn Pulic/cr Pr re Biography The monumental 800 page biography of the princci s dcsil avho became his t aim ry s first diplouat NOW $1 98
970 THE COMPLETE BOOK OF BALUIU. lets The Standard Guide to Classic and Modern Ballet—Cirr/ IP" Beau mom The only book of its kind-complete asith 95 splendid illustrations 200 ballets biographical notes Orig $6 00-$l 98 D9q THE LOUIS BROMFIELD TRILOGY. XI tee great modern novels —7/;e Green Bay Tree Posses ton and I arly Au )«»;«—by Pulitzer Prize Winner MOW SI 9
games brain -avisrers, questions puzzles stunts, magic tricks NOW $1 00
703. “°N0R BRIGHT-r«ncifr ern girl and
099 DYNASTY OF DSATH-Trf>/or CMuell Gripping novel about the cort11 cting desires for love and money m the liacs of tvso great familic? NOW $1.09 e99 THE LIFE Of ANDREW JACKEOM —Matquts James Pulitzer Prize Wittning B ogtaphy—masterfully avritten story of Old Hickory Orig $5 00-MOW $1.99
Jeiomc S Meyer
NOW $1 00
EAR—P J LcRoy Play any popular tune or semi classical air you can hum avhis tie or sing—with only 30 minutes a day practice ONLY $1 00 091 AFTER MANY A SUMMER DIES 0^1. the SWAN-HWo/m Huxley The story of a rich man obsessed by the desire to live foteacr Orig $2 50—NOW $1.00 m SEX LIFE OF THE UNMARRIED • MSMVJ-Ldtted by Ira S Wtle Al D. An inquiry into and an imetpretation of cur rent sex practices Attacks a problem hitherto gingeily skiitcd NOW $1 00 DQQ THE WELL OF LONELINESS - Rad ctylje Hall Novel about a woman, masculine By nature who developed into ma turity in accordance with that nature $1.00
D97 SIGHT WITHOUT GLASSES —Or Harold Al Peppard A method of restoring normal vision through a scries of simple exercises S' thout glasses ONLY $1 $0
COOK BOOK riuiinb In dexed for Quick Reference Conta ns 9 8 I ages 5 000 ictipcs and helpful suggestions 230 instructive ph ito graphs many n gorgeous jnll color ONLY $2 39
SHORT STORIES - xQO talcs of love hate, passion Orig $2 98—$1 00 346 OUTLINE OF HISTORY-;/ G If fiif xhc development of mankind fioin the dawn of history until the present day Complete with maps illustrations Orig $) OO-NOW $1 49 THE NATURE ENCYCLOPEDIA•*^*7““* I diced by Clyde Itsher How to idcn ify 1 000 bircis flowers trees insects lish icptilcs animals 700 illustrations—200 full color Ong $5 OO-ONLY $1 89 THE ROYAL ROAD TO ROMANCE - Rt bar I Halhbi rion Reckless young romanticist tramps his way to fascinating cor ners of the earth NOW $1 00 499 MODERN HOME MEDICAL ADVISER ““S'* —Monti I nh^cin AID No home or family shjuld he w iihout this book fells h w tj caic for mire sciious cases until doctor artiacs ONLY $2 49 41Q MUSIC LOVERS' ENCYCLOPEDIA r litcl ly Deemr Taylor and km tcH Ken Compiled by Rupert Hughet 900 pigcs Sjnipscs of 90 operas information on 8 500 compo ers 7 000 mus cal terms Orig $5 OO-NOW ONLY $1,98
O WAGNER AS MAN AND ARTIST-griMr* S'* Ixeuman An astonishing story of artist c triumph, financial failure, and personal passion Orig $5 00-NOW ONLY $1.09 C71 THE FIRST SAINT OMNiBUS-/.»- '''■** he Chanerts 13 Of the most thrilling; ichentuics of Simon Templar, that modern Robin Hood of Crime ONLY $1.09 enn Funk & Wagnalla STANDARD UNIauu. VERSAL DICTIONARY. Spelling, pronunciation meaning etymology or about 83 000 English words .and phrases, o 009 d scnminating articles and groups of syponyn's bNLY $1.74 500A. Thumb Indoxed Edlflon. ONkY $3.1$
DAYS or OURYEARS — P11 r r e Van Paassen Second World War edition of this great bestseller—a famous reporter 3 gripping story of the neps be hind the news More than 300,000 copies sold at $3 50 Has predicted world events with amazing accuracy NOVV $1.*9
CARO
MODERN
II) . cs goldmine of business fact rules laws tabic forms and idea ever ciamncd into one book Orig $5 OO-NOW $1 00 49 DESK DRAWER ANTHOLOGY-Poems “*** far the American People—compiled by luce long! orih and Col Theodon Roo e tell he cctcd fiom 10 000 vciscs submitted a the tciucst of Alcxandei Woollcott Or g $3 OO-NOW ONLY $1 00 con the secret of the marshDOU* banks - Art/ 1 tH Aoirif Story of a jounc consent ( rl an I the scciet tl at bound lici to a | opular debutante ONLY 49e cne complete works of shakeduo. speaRE - HI I aled by Rochi II Kent laci/ play sonnet poem' Beautiful cdtoi Wo Id famous Icmple Notes hand some bind ny ONLY $2 49 mathematics made easy-;/c«o Ihomai Coinplc c co itsc in pracii til mathemat cs blows how t) apply to busmens daily lif ONLY $1 79 009 the epic of AMERICA -/rf/iiej MJ-so- Jiulou Alims Graphic Cory of the / mcr can people f om Columbus to Roo c vclt Be t single vol me on Am"i can 1 iiiy in existence O rg $3 00-ONLY 51 00
B391.
390.
the
I PRACTICAL ENCYCLOPEDIA OF GARDENING
Edited by
Norman laylor The bow when, what and where of g irdening — in die nonary form Origi nally $17 50' 1 200 000 words ' 888 pages' 502 black and w lute il lustrations—">0 full
I, color pi ires' 52 B391A Regular cd , OD thumb indoxj,$3 49 oon stories of the great operas S'“''* —Lrnest Neuman How to iccognizc the music know the chaiactcrs enjoy the full
aicanir
pages
Ong $10 50-ONLY $1 59
1:49 SIXTEEN FAMOUS AMERI 390* CAN PLAY %-lnlio by hrooki Atkinson From Clifford Odets to Rubcic Sherwood Clare Bonhc Thornton Wilder to 1 ugenc O Neill — outstanding succe scs including I tj 11 nh r ther The Alan Who Came to Dll t er $1 98
WEIL— Zibeline, CabScindia, Bamboo
$5.50 to $10.50
3bosJ)!iL-
4(5 the STQRY of MANKINO-With 188 \ an loon illustiation color fiont s p ccc An animated chronology of man s piogiess Oi g $3 OO-NOW $1 00 92C COMPLETE SHERLOCK HOLMES - •'“•'* A Cor tn Doyle Nine volumes m one—1 300 enthralling pages NOW $1 98 711 SAINT VS SCOTLAND YARDI XI. / he Cbt tens biinon Icmplai finds adventure in London ONLY 69c COI LIVING BIOGRAPHIES OF GREAT ““** SCIENTISTS — Hewy and Dtna lee Thomas With 20 full pagf paintings by Gor don Ross Just published' Thrilling biog rapines that bring to vivid life the great scientists of all time ONLY $1 98 Other books In this series—each with 20 portrpifs by Gordon Ross—$1.98 Each. 518 GREAT COMPOSERS SI 9. GREAT PHILOSOPHERS 617. FAMOUS RULERS 514. GREAT PAINTERS S20. GREAT POETS
perb biography of lier mother, dis coverer of radium More than 300 000 sold lor $3 00 NOW ONLY $1,49 R1QA my TEN YEARS IN A 9UANDARY and HOW THEY GKEW-Robeil Iknchley Latest merriest mitthquakc Ulus by Gluyas Williams Ong $2 50—$1 00 DQ9 the HOME BOOK OF QUIZZES, DVC.. games, and jokes Mote than 900 questions on American history politics, radio, etc , 100 games stunts latest jokes ONLY $1 00 D01 DECAMERON OF BOCCACCIO 100 ^Ol* famous stories Unexpurgated Steele Savage illustrations Ong $6 00—NOW $1.09
90 BLACKSTONE'S
TRICKS AND SECRETS OP MAGIC. A famous magician reveals some of his most baflling migic secrets ONliY $1.09 £71; REBECCA — Daphne du Alauner, vitg- Mure than half a million cbpies sold Now you can get this enchanting best seller in a beautiful library edition, for ONLY $1.09 019 TURNABOUT-r,5orw Hilati ^^“* ou novel of muced sexes NOW $♦• D929 high school self taughtup gn subjects you have forgoticn 2 ( complete courses in one big volume with study outline and self testing questions and answers NOW ONLY $1.If 012 EGGS. BEANS, AND CRUMPETSui“. p (j Wodehousc Uproarious collection of 13 Wodehouse short stones *9* DI49 the FOLKLORE OF CAPITALISM II II 11 /I old Written with cl ritv ai I V It exj I litis ihc wuikings of Amcric 11 iijii isin 1 1 j lints out 113 foibles Stimiilit I g a I ic irgiig Origii 11) $3 OQ NOW$1 638 O'* wrath-jobis iicinbtek s lusty novel—Pulit/er Prize Winner 533,000 sold Ong $2 75—$1,09 DOe THE AMERICAN HISTORY QUIZ xw*!* book. Do you know that One slate ncvei s gned the Constitution'’ There was once a state named 1 ranklin’ Here are hundreds of questions and answers ONLY $1.99
publication Amen-
.an Kennel Club 800 pages, 100 illtistracions -all breeds ONLY $1.8»
35 etiquette - LHhaii
>'*'* Liehlcr Completely revised, brouglit i P to date 508 pages fully indexed Covers all occasions Ong $4 00-NOW $1.09 713 HOW TO SKI - Olio Ung EveryI .{“'"S nom a Christiana (o a herring* bone all made easy Profusely rllustratcd Large format, paper bound. $1,09 5 Ofher GrsaF Books on Sporh—All wM Machine-Gun Camera PhoFoi‘-$I.OO C9eJk* 876 BETTER BOWLING-Me<7 Day.
865, BETTER GOLP-Je« Snead
909. HIT 'EM A MIIE - Jimmy Thomson.
straighter dnvmg in golf.
866 BETTER TBUHn-Ellswotth Vines 867 BETTER SWIMMING-^rew Forsytii,.
SOUTHWORTH'S BOOK Hr SUPPLY STORE, 308 State St. Please send the books whose numbers I have written below.
□ Charge my account Name Address City and State
□ Send COD
□ Remittance herewith.
\ $ i