l1 ^ _
1 \, i, / I
ANOTHEft LETTER Today From Coeds Who Started It All
Volume 54, No. 17
Established 1889
Ruin The Ruhr
GLORIA RABBLES Again Along With Our Man Friday
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, junelSu 1942
University Will Sponsor 61“ cw To 6i« comm/ssion p|yy Sponsors Ada L^nar .1* 1.. # ■ I Contest Proaram Naval Training * . ”
Civilian Qefense School Training ^ ^or Chemical Warfare, Bomb, Cas Protection To Start Monday All phases of civilian defense will be covered in the comprehensive curriculum of the War Department Civilian Protection School at the University which will be formally opened on Monday with the first of a series of intensive ten-day short courses which will be continued for an indefinite period under the direction of Lt. Col, W. A. Johnston, Chemical Warfare
Service.
The school, one of seven spotted over the country, in an effort to provide an overall picture of civilian defense for
selected students who will return to ther own communities as instructors for local groups, will serve the Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Defense Regions, comprising 23 states in the mid-
west.
In general, the students for each of the ten-day schools will be selected from fire chiefs, police chiefs, civilian defense coordinators, plant protection engineers, and others associated with civilian defense leadership. Prospective students will be nominated for the training by local defense boards to the state and regional defense officials, who will in turn designate the trainees for each of the ten-day periods. Each state will be allotted a definite quota of students for each of
the schools.
First School Starts Monday^ Between 25 and 50 students are expected for the first school which gets underway Monday morning following registration on Sunday. Headquarters have been established in North Cary Hall, where all stu-
mmm
By Drew Pearson and Bobert S. Allen
Midway Battle Increases Navy, Air Force Dilemma
WASHINGTON, June 11 — In Army-Navy circles, the Battle of
Midway Island was considered im- dents will be housed and'fedy There portant not only as a turning point tuition fee for the schools, in the war, but as a new milestone anticipated that the $^5 in the demand for a separate, inde- expense for board and room for pendent U. S. air force, not chained gach designated student will be down by the battleship prejudices borne by the civilian defense oigaTiof the admirals. ^ izations they represent.
There are two chief reasons for
this renewed demand tor a(,separate air corps at this time: 1. The Battle of Midway, and in fact all major U. S. victories so far, have been won primarily by the Army Air Corps. The Navy has been in command, issued the communiques, and received most of the credit. But at Midway and the Coral Sea, land based army airpranes turned the tide of victory. 2. Army airmen claim that despite the vital importance of bombing planes, the battleship still gets priority in materials over bombers. • Battleships Gel'Maferial Actually, constiuction of both bombers and battleships get top piiority ratings. But when it comes to some of the materials going into bombers, it is another stoiy. Army ail men say that certain materials
Both theory and practice will be combined in the intensive courses, with seven hours of class work scheduled each day fiom 8:30 to 12 o’clock and) from 1 to 4:30 o’clock. Four-Day Break Between Schools Instruction provided by the regular military staff members will be supplemented by specialized lec(See CIVILIAN DEFENSE, p. 4) Civil Service Radio Course Interviews Begin This Evening Interviews with D. P. Eggenbeiger, U. S. Civil Service commission repiesentative, for a 24weeks’ concentrated engineei ing course in aircraft radio aie scheduled for tonight and tomorrow night fi om 7 to 9 in room 306 of the
for bombers get only a No. 4 rating, tt • -u- m n i. , , ' , „ , Union Building. Tomorrow will be
whereas ^11 mateiials lor battle
ships are rushed through at top
the last night to register.
, ,, , , „ . Regaidless of selective service speed. Yet most ot the battleships , ^ i i.- i. i , „ , , , j classification, male high school
now building will not be finished , ,
. , ® u 1 u u graduates, 17 yeais
for two or thiee yeais; while bomb- ^
ers can be finished in a lew weeks, and they can be diopping bombs on
Germany a few days later. ., , j
^ , , ing aides. The class must include
This question, /Inany military , ^ ,
ovei, are
oft'eied an opportunity through this course to serve their country as U. S. Signal Corps junior engineer-
at least 60 members who will he paid on a basis of $1,440 per year
strategists feel, is one of the most fundamental faced by U. S. forces, and represents the diffeience between winning the war in 1942 with bombers, or winning it in 1944 with
battleships.
And the An Corps, they are convinced, cannot function if it is chained down to battleships. • Air Corps Met Japs To get a clear picture ot the situation it is necessary to study the strategy of the Battle of Midway Island. Admiial King, long one of the most air-minded admirals in , the Navy, gave the tip-off to what happened when he said that it was hot wise for the U. S. Navy to follow the Jap fleet to mop up. “They still have a lot of shorebased air power,’’ he explained, “as they found we had in, the Coral Sea and at Midway.’’ This was another way of saying that U. S. battleships could not go too close to Japan’s Marshall
The course tiains men for duty in
laboratories or elsewhere in the signal corps as engineering aides for the inspection of materials and equipment in manufacturing plants before delivery is made and for
other engineering services.
Underwriting Course
Enters Second Week G^oup disciissiotih aiid* -wr'itten
examinations tomorrow will close the first week’s course in life underwriting now beiqg given at the University. The second week’s study starting Mopday will include discussions o^ the agent’s legal responsibilities, life-insurance invest-
ments and the selection of risks.' This course prepares the sales-
men for a more advanced study of
Inlands, with their land air bases, hfe-insurance principles during the be(;ause warships cannot stand up final weeh beginning June 22. under concentrated airplane attack. Speakers include J. H. Alltop, It was also another way of saying personnel director of the American that before the Jap fleet even got to Lite Insurance Co.; N. Eric Bell, Midway Island it was met by a re- state director of the State Farm ception committee largely of U. S. Life Insurance Co. and V. J. HarAir Corps bombers which made it rold, general agent of the Lincoln (See MBBRY-GO-BOUND, page 4) National Life Insurance Co.
Contest Program In Onion Sunday Reception To Follow
Public Concert
Sunday afternoon at 3 in the South Ballroom of the Union the Mens’ Glee Club of the University, national runner-up in the Fred Waring National Glee Club Contest, will give the program it presented in Carnegie Hall, New York, during
the competition.
The concert Sunday, sponsored by the Student Union, is open to students, faculty members, and other guests, and a special invitation has been extended to the sailors stationed in Cary Hall. Everyone is invited to attend a reception which will be held ip the Old Chestnut Room immediately after the con-
cert.
Informal Program In its first appearance since its New York trip, the Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, will present a thirty minute informal program, featurmg Marvin Smith and Joe Richards as sbloists and Dave Simpson as accompanist. The prdgram will include: “Star of Me,” “White Cliffs of Dover” with Marvin Smith, “De Animals A-Comin’,” “Joshua Fit the Battle of Jericho,” “Pld Man River” Joe Richards soloist, “You and I” and “Thanks Be to God.” 4-H Roundup Closes With Presentation Of Contest Awards Twenty-fourth annual 4-H Club Round-Up closed Wednesday afternoon with a general session in the Music Hall. Harry Ainsworth, state leader, presided at the closing meeting and the University musical organizations presented a special program dedicated to 4-H’ers in the service. Winners of many of the various contests conducted during the three day conference were annopnced and several- trophies were presented during the program Wednesday. In the livestock judging team competition. Rush County, scoring 2128 out of a possible 2400 points, captured the championship. A Delaware county team placed second, and Henry county took third. Brandt Takes Individual Honors High individual honors for all classes of livestock went to Carlin Brandt, Kentland, a member of the Newton county team coached by James Mills, vocational teacher at Kentland and William Bant, vocational teacher at Brook. In the demonstration contest, Ray Baker and Robert Sale, repiesenting Huntington county, won first with their demonstiation on “Controlling Flies in the Dairy Bain.” In a special better seeds contest, the blue ribbon winner was a team from Evansville composed of Gene Reising and A1 Hartman who demonstrated “Cleaning Seed On and Off the Farm.” Three Girls, One Boy Win First A dairy judging teaM from Clark county composed of three giils apd one boy won first place honois in the daily judging con^petitiop, with a team from Riple^county placipg second. James McCormick of Vincennes, Phillip Winslow of Caithage and John Rodibaugh of Noblesville were awarded gold medals in the Alpha Gamnia Rho leadership contest. Silver and bronze medals were presented to several other members of the leadership contest. Prof. Swope Will Talk At Trade Seminar Tomorrow’s meeting of the tiad^ and industrial education seminar from 7 a. m. to 1 p. m. in the Education Building will feature talks by Pi of. Ammon Swope, whq will speak on “A Review of the Aimp and Techniques of Vocational Education', and Dr. C. H. Lawshe, whose topic will be “Essentials of a Sound Public Relations Program.” Both speakers are member^ of the Trade pud Industrial Teacher Training Association. Two hourlong conference periods will be held, during which the members of the seminar will report on special problems.
Informal pance Tonight
Officers, State Officials To Take Part In Program High ranking Naval officers, state officials and University representatives will participate in ceremonies marking the formal commissioning of the U. S. Naval Training School here next Tuesday afternoon at 3 o’clock. The ceremony, which will be open to the public, will be broadcast in a half hour program over WBAA, from the quadrangle at Gary Hall. Directed By Lt. Commander Hart Activities of the new school, which will be directed by Lt. Commander Herbert M. Hart, USNR, are centered around the training of electricians for the Navy. The first group of 200 seamen began their 16 week training period, June 1. The total complement of the school will be 800 men by fall. The Naval Training School will be officially turned over to the Navy in the ceremonies next Tuesday by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, representing Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, and will be accepted by Rear Admiral John Downes, Commandant of the Ninth Naval district. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the University war training office, will preside. Govenor Henry F. Schricker has been invited to participate. Group From Chicago Attend The Naval party from Chicago attending th^ ceremonies will include Capt. E. A. Lofquist, USN, Chief of Staff; Commander O. F. Heslar, USNR, Director of Naval Reserve, Ninth district; and Lt. Commander K. H. Nonweiler, former commander of the unit at Pur-
due.
Following the ceremony at Cary Hall, the Naval party will inspect the Naval Training School and other buildings on the campus. The visiting officials will be guests at a dinner at the Union building in the evening.
Summer Prom Summer Prom, sponsored by the Student Union, will be held Friday, July 24. Dancing will last from 9 until 12, and the AWS Council has approved 3 a. m. hours for the coeds.
Bond Stresses Need Fgr Civil Organization
At Fire School
All-Girl Orchestra Features Trumpeting Of Jane Sager
Ada Leonard and her "^18-piece “All American Revue and Girl Orchestra'? will provide the music for the PIA dance to be held tonight in both ballrooms of the Union from 8:30 to
“There has been too much empha- 11:30. Tickets for the dance may be purchased from PIA ‘gadgets’ and too members in front of the Sweetshop or at the door for
little thinking of the local civjliafi
defense organizations of which fire departments are a part,” declared Horatio Bond, chief engineer of the National Fire Protection Association, Boston, Mass., in an address here yesterday morning before the opening sessions of the ninth an-
nual Indiana Fire School.
Close to 300 fire fighters front all parts of the state were in attendance as Bond expressed the cortvie-
Bruckner Appointed Head Of Poultry Department At Cornell
$1 plus tax. The dance is informal and sport shirts or shirts and ties will be in order. Featured with the “All American orchestra,” which originated at Northwestern University a short time ago, will be Jane Sager, accomplished trumpeter, who has become the most talked about girl instrumentalist in recent months. Miss Leonard is depicted as the
Dr. J. H. Bruckner, Ag '30, has
tion that both auxiliary and regular appointed head of the poultry “-AJl American Girl” because her fire departments must function im- department at Cornell University viewpoints and opinions are claimed der the same control. Frank Millis, serving the past two years as to be a composite picture of the assistant directjor of the Indiana acting head. Dr. Carl E. Ladd, dean average American girl. State Defe^e Council, outlined the gf ^^g College of Agriculture, an- Likes And Dislikes national and state program of civil- nn^Bced todav - rr ^ ■ ian defense, and to close the mom- • '»* xi- ~ ^ favorite color is green, and m mg session, W. Fred Heissier, Okla- By^e^er sports she prefers football to basehoraa A. & M. College, spoke on ^all, tennis ahead of golf, then
the’management of the oldest and swimming and more recently she — J- ■ has taken up bowling. According ui
“The Essence of Service.” Firemen Enr^ In Schools
In discussing the importance of fire training work. Dean W. A. Knapp pointed out that of 7,416 firemen in Indiana, 4,184 have been or are enrolled in the fire training schools conducted by the University, the State Fire Marshal’s office
and other cooperating groups. During the afternoon, Carter
Bowser, chief of the Fort Wayne fire department, explained the operation of a municipal control center, while Robert P. Hamm, assistant director of education, Indiana State Fire Marshal’s office, presented the minimum essentials of edu-
cation for auxiliary firemen. Cox, Caldwell Speak < Other speakers scheduled during
the afternoon included Emmett T. Cox, Indiana Inspection Bureau and B, P. Caldwell, Jr., assistant secretary, Underwriters’ Laboratories, Chicago, 111. Cox presented a training program for industrial fire de-
Dr. J. H. Bruckner
public opinion polls these likes and dislikes conform rigidly to the average of those of the American girls. The “All American Girl” orchestra recently completed a week’s engagement at the Aragon ballroom in Chicago, and they have appeared at other theatres all over the country. After making a tour of army camps, Miss Leona^rd says that she would like- to be a hostess in an army-camp if she had to choose another profession. Beauty, Talent Parade The orchestra, which represents beauty and talent collected from all over the country, is interested in sports from a player angle as well as the role of spectators. Of the 18 girls, ope is a tournament golf player, three play polo, one is an exstate champion tennis player, another is' studying wrestling and the remainder make up an entire hockey
team.
From the spectator’s point of view, the girls prefer football.
partments, while Caldwell discussed largest poultry department in any
the effect of priority control and "" ^C^^nrHTri Prize-fighting, hockey and baseball
substitute materials on fire protec- degree at Cornell in , ^
tion equipment. A demonstration of
1936.
Labor Federation Leaders To Attend Institute Here Between 200 and 300 labor leaders from all over the state are expected to attend the fourth annual educational institute of the Indiana Federation of Labor to be held here tomorrow and Sunday. A wide variety of subjects will be discussed at the convention with the principal talks being devoted to labor’s part ip the war effort. President Elliott will give the welcoming address, and Robert $. Watt, international vice-president of the A. F. of L., will speak, on “Labor’s Coopeiation in the War Effbrt.” Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, government and economics will also present a discussion on the same sub-
ject.
Lund To Speak . Lund, of the labor division of the WPB will discuss “fhe Mobilization of Man Power for the TotaK,War Effort.” Other speakers will include members of the University staff and state officials conpected with labor relations. Subjects to be discussed include children’s food, fears, and education, training and protecting war workers, and safety in war indus-
tries.
Wesley Foundation To Hold Skating Party Skating at Maple Point from 8:30 to 1i!30 tonight will be sponsored by the social service committee of the Westley Foundation. All those who wish to attend meet at the Foundation house at 8 p. m. Tickets are 26 cents and may be purchased from Penny Pennington, •'John DeYoung or Mary Beth Day-
huff.
in that order. All of the girls bowl and from the averages chalked up they seem to be quite proficient.
methods of controlling incendiary Bega** Poultry Work At 12
bombs by Col. W. A. Johnston, di- The new head has owned and They have an average of 146 and a
rector of the War Department Civ- managed chickens since the age of high of 211,
ilian Protection School, which opens twelve and has worked on com-
here Monday, and Charles Gregory, mercial poultry farms and in cornbattalion chief, Indianapolis Fire mercial hatcheries. He culled poulDepartment, closed the afternoon’s try for the college’s extension serv-
program.
Wesley Players
To Present 'Doctor
Decides' Sunday
ice during two summers, inspected breeding flocks for the New York State Official Cooperative Poultry Breeders in the fall of 1931, 1932, and 1933, and also worked at the state egg-laying tests. One summer he operated a poultry plant of 3,000 layers, and for two years was in charge of the state conservation de-
Wesley Players will present “The partment’s game faim at Itbaca. Doctor Decides,” a orie-act play by While attending this University, Fred Eastman, this Sunday at 7:16 he majored in poultry and was gradp. m. in the auditorium of the First uated in the upper third of his Methodist Church. class. He was editor of the “Purdue The story, which takes place in Agriculturist.” After entering Corthe Southern mountains, concerns a nell for graduate study, he taught young medical missionary who is courses for several years in general forced to choose between the ad- poultry, housing, incubating and vantages of private practice in the brooding, and assisted in poultry city and the need of the mountain judging and breeding,
people for his services.
The cast of characters includes WBAA To Present Ken Broome, Alice Collings, Darrell Roach, Kathryn Gillespie, Mar Barn Dance Program
lin/Espenshade and Mary Beth Day
huff.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should do so before 4 p. m., Tuesday, June 16. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school as well as by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s
office.
—Goldsmith
Zouaves To Callout Today At 4
Purdue Order of Zouaves will hold summer callouts today at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Any student
WBAA will present its weekly ™ advanced military barh dahce in the air-conditioned eligible for membeiship.
Forensic Club
I
The play is open to the public WBAA studio in the basement of Corps Day drills have been without charge. the Music Hall tonight at 7 o’clock. PJ^®sented to acquaint the new stu-
The Folk-a-Wbilers will do actual activities of the square dancing in the studio. squads. The Zouaves aie the only . J ,, .,, , drill team m the University and ofFeatured on the program will be x -x ^ x j x T. U.I J r .11.. I “e c™b«l.„d mL; th. Range
To Hold Callout Kid«» » >P«n player. Most *““*"* “ “““
Callout for sophomore eds and ''** P'de'™ “ spontaneous. Everycoeds for Forensic managerships is_invited to attend,
will be held next Wednesday at 4
p. m. in room 386 of the Union. Reamer Club
Sophomore managers’ work con-
sists mainly of assisting in carrying . . . independent men's athletic attending a conference at Ohio out different speech contests of the booster honorary, announces the fol- State regarding accelerated educacampus and the high school debate lowing pledges: Jim Abepnethy, Bob tional programs, confeience. Boswinkle, Pete DeMaria, Norman This conference is conducted by Managers receive keys and activ- Ginder, John Goode, Ed Humphrey, the American Council on Education ity points for the work they have Alex _ Jentsch, Bill Kashner, Joe and Ohio State University under'the done. Sophomore managers will Mogavero, Paul Petrich, Dan Ross, sponsorship of the institute of huhave an opportunity to work for the Dick Salzer, Bert Squire, Clyde man development of the graduate junior managerships. Timmons, Elwin Welbqum, Joe school of Ohio State University to All interested in forensic work Wiggens, Bill Wiley and Bob Wil- formulate plans for possible coopshould contact Sam Pence, senior sop. erative or coordinate research.
H. H. Remmers To Attend Educational Conference H. H. Remmers, diiector of the division of educational reference, is
PFw*Page 2'
rnH^mrUi"
,«, V
jCoeSl Feature 'Page' Frtddy,me 12] 1^42
Purdue Exponent
Offices Edilorial and Business, l^rdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 27$2 Editorial Phone After 10 p m., 5377
Edi r in I luef — Ni>\« I dilor V.nnHCinir liditur Sp il'! tdilor Bi s> ><■ s Msnarcr t II iilatit II Manager ( otd Ldilor
John F. Amos Don T Brophy John H Armatrong Robert L Hadley William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
" Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff R Boswinkle D E Bute W G Etosklns, 1 H irter D W Ochiltree W E Rafert Siinit- Staff n E Brewer T S Daiison E L Karpick t ned Stoff Sal! Beall Chailotte Ha'S Jean Lauer
Business Staff
Coed Bii'ine" Manager Julia Martin , , , Ad^<^lI mg’ Managrcrs J M Wright D Ij JonlUOIU t iir ilation Manager G H Klouman \eciiints Manager Trena Torrenga Juniir Coed Manager- Ellen Clark Jane Eeim,
Staff For This Issue \ii.lit Editor Hunter Sports Editor Karplcli Da' 1 d lor Beall Issue Editor Vegh K»ii rtei- Iirphv Miller Gaylord Sutton Davis Stout si 111 1-1 beheld Ackerman Ra-sman
rntered as -econd class matter at the post office In I^fay etti Irdiiiia under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the pel al rate of postage provided a f ft Itlfr T 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published II Weine lai Friday and biinday mornings during the sum nier - nieMir and dailv except Monday duiing the faH and "int r 0 mesfers Delivered locally by carrier for «1 25 tor Biiuiei keneitir mailed ■'ubacriptions $150 B.presented for national advertising by National AdverUa nc Seriici Inc College Pnbliahera Beprcsentativea, 420 Mad sin iVve New York N Y
Women And War
Tli moling woman of today is more a part „ ih< nalinnal wni effort tlmn ever before Sin me 1 not be a muse if she wants to sacrii„ (. 1 1,1 woik loi hei countiy Other fields are op n and aie begging foi women workers omen aie taking ovei the ]obs held by m n \ ho ha\e loined the army and navy. T h V 11 c ^ enluiing into industry, science and ttfliiiK il fields which have been considered t luo dilhcnlt 01 too complicated and detailed i'll llip temmiiie mnid Civilian defense work and the Women’s Auxdiaiy Aimy Corps have ii 1 openings foi w^omen \\ omen aie also continuing to sludy nutriii,jn ind aie expeiimenting with sugarless 11 n])L Tliev aie concerned with the vitamins aii(! tilcnip^ of the soldiers and children in 1 aib a Red Cioss and social work are still im] oit int actiMtiPS earned on by women College giih may feel that they do not take an .cti\e pait in wai woik However, their rnn t t i^k now is to piepaie themselves for a Olid 111 vhich women will have an incieasj ! impoitant pait A woman’s life is no buci only that of a wife and mother She ji I n w lesponsibihties during this war and ji] lia\e many more with the reconstruction aftPi\ aids a c
Our MAN
Ih Puidup Campus known as the Torrid Zone— 1 le It lains and steams and coeds walk around 1 h 1 1 g flowing hair and flowers over their ears til I iiin Tiidav m a sarong was peeping out from L ! 1 hi un helmet when he noticed something ith jiintioniiig ’l u 1 ki ow Chi O Mary Katherine Gee—you all Ilf If ii-ed to wear a Sig Mu badge but did you 1 1 il at u IS no more’ Hip Hip, somore feminine 1 lid made ioi the sailors
—Ssh—
b ' p liom around Caiy Hall way' Seems as il t li Jim Stiggleman couldn’t last longer than t o II 1 ill in the baseball game against the faculty j f ituidTj Dorothy Nichol of the Alpha Xi’s I fjj I m up too late the night before What’s that ti J a\ burning the candle at both ends’
—Ssh—
iood it again kids, the Sig Nil’s This time
1 lunched percent strong foi wearing shorts
ih) rrviated vintage) to classes Of course
oil of mild alter the Mohican haircuts The
the sleep and eat hotel we call ’em
—Ssh—
pli / r little game Here’s a telephone number lomi e gieat leoults—56171' We’ll give you It belongs to a Chi 0, who is delovely, deand d hard to get
1 In
Ih
( 1 llif
1) 1
1 1 I 111 1
liii 1 Clou
ill
on il
L 11
( I 1 \ 1 (J f 1 ( a lathi \
Sii <
( )1 .-olfpi^ r/ill have a chance to show their skill li( 1 uii cinent beginning next week Beginners at the thiee hole course, advanced golfers
I ej Univeit-ity course
1 ni (' matches will be played before June 22 1 jt V(i Hoven vs Virginia Heckart, Jean \ Lvfiyn jchubei, Betty Drake vs Tieena Po-e Malcolm vs Marge Tibbert, Ruth Rutli Even , Roberta Thoina vs Galye J(an Busfnbu»h vs Madgel Bradshaw
iJ f mil be gicen to other persons entered m the be innci' H the girls do not know their opponents, tin 11 jdifne number v ill be ported in the Women’s
C in
J li( hi-t lound of the advanced tournament will ) I 11 hi I (tore June 22, and a fee ot JO cents will be lij I, fl loi use of large cour-e The matches will be ( ad Poblee v Jackie Decker, Maige Brown vs Ic jaift Giiei, Katie Gannon vs Shirley Monteith, 111 jui a I ee MacDonald vs Ellen Claik '-(oic 'aids must be turned in at WAA office —WAA— bej. liming women’s singles tennis touinament is to btgin Monday, June 22 It is open to all girls just kaiiiin,' to play and tho°e who have had little ex jcjicncf Those desiring to enter should sign at the G ni or contact Evelyn Schuber before June 21
w^jj:
War Efforts
(Editor’s Note This is the first in a series of articles about tht war efforts of coeds on the campus )
Ethyl Hancock Comforts
Confused English Students
All girls of Women’s Residence Halls are working in connection with the Student War Council to add their best to the war effort by a special program covering physical fitness, conservation, relief agencies, defense stamps and bonds, curricular training for defense, extra-curricular activities, maintenance of student morale, and publicity The WRH budget committee was authori2;ed to effect enough savings in social events at the halls to contribute |200 to the Red Cross and to buy $200 worth of war bonds Social function expe^jpes will be cut to a minimum Big dances will be held on a very minimum budget without outside orchestras, decorations, refreshments, or corsages, according to the WRH social committee Members Vote On Planks Each “plank” in the program was voted on by the members of WRH club, and the program carried by a large majority All members of the club are cooperating to cany out this plan, according to Head Resident Mary Ellen Scarff The physical fitness section of the program deals With regular hours of sleep enforced by a set “lights out” in the community rooms of the halls, proper eating and exercise and personal habits which are used to prevent an excess of harmful activities The conservation plank is an effort to coirserve on lights, food, water, life of equipment, and human resources by being caieful to cut waste out almost entirely and use care in the use of equipment They Eat What’s Set Before Them Girls are being urged by residents to register when they are going to be absent from meals, eat what IS on then plates before asking for second helpings, and to notify the waiteis if they do not wish to be served with dessert Not only are the girls asked to do this to eliminate waste of food but also they are asked to eat regular meals in tbe dining room instead of a sandwich and a coke Take Defense Courses WRH club members are asked to include in their curricular work defense courses if it is possible without impairing then efficiency in other subjects They are also urged to use the study hall even though they have not received yellow slips It is necessaiy at this time to keep all daily assignments up because of the intensive program and shortened schedule, according to the program endorsed by the girls (^uiet hours are being enforced 1110113 strictly by proctoiing, at which each girl takes her tuin A count IS made of WRH girls who attend lectures on the war and current problems and the Club is trying to achieve a high standard of attendance at these functions Bulletin boards are being maintained to give the girls information about defense activities m which they may participate Group singing is being emphasized as a morale builder
(Editor’s Note The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions expressed in its Letters to the Editor column In practicing this policy we print the letters just as we receive them be they prime examples of ‘ kindergarten grammar,” careless Eng llsh or garbled literary style )
Dear Eds, and we do mean dear' OK, OK, so we did jump too hard, so tins time it seems as if we might be a little wrong In order to cleai this thing up a little,perhaps we had better start with answer number 1 to the letter from Jack Comer We never at any time cast any re flections upon the way you have re ceived the sailors, in fact, we are quitoi conscious and proud of the swell reception you have given them You have indeed done your part in making them welcome We had no bone to pick there so you must be confused As dates you do rank with the sailors, we think al though we aren’t quite sure since it’s been so long We went out with them with that thought 111 iniiid be cause we knew that some day you whom we know might some day be in the same situation and we would want you to be treated as wc hope the sailors will be "Ihey all come from homes and schooL just as we and are made of the same stuff And in conclusion to you Jack, we nevei have neces-aiily complained about the way you have treated rrs nor will we so long as you ju’-t treat
By Sally Beall
If anyone knows the entire student body, Mrs. Ethyl Hancock IS that person. For the last eight years Mrs. Hancock has been seci’etaiy to Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, and this means that for eight years she has worked in Ihe one building where all of the students in the University
go to classes for at least one year.
A meie engineering secretary knows only the engineers, and an individual professor knows only the students that fate —-——— and the registrar give to him, discussion carried on by at least 20 but everyone takes English, of the 26 gills who went When it almost everyone at
was turned in to the Exponent it
students grow up during their four years at the University Mrs Hancock must really mean it when she says she likes every-i thing about her job, for she fairly seems to radiate cheerfulness When the student asks where he can find lom 909A, she not only gives the information but throws in a smile and a “honey” for good measure. And if the University should ever hold a contest for the “lady with the nicest laugh,” Mrs Hancock would very definitely be in the running
time
one
to the
everyone
, ij J 4- 4. or another goes ,4^4.4 assumed they would edit « „ , , „ ,
which doesn’t necessarily put the English office to ask Mrs, Han-
blame on any one It was merely a COck something
mistake as even you can make Mrs Hancock says that the words Thoi’e gills were happy because the she hears most frequently are boys were swell to them and be “whore” and “how” She serves as cause at was so nice to have a date a guide for students who are bafThat might account for the rather fled by the catacomb like arrangeenthusiastic note that you all seem ment of rooms in the English Biiildto have discovejed in the little ai- ing, and she explains how to drop tide of Sunday It wasn’t neces n corn so, how to work out a schedsauly a stab at you Eds, it was rile, how to make up a test, where more of a stab at the irony of lire to look lor lost glrsses and any
Purdue ratio and the insults we number of other things
coeds have had to suffer because of
it and because of tiadition some of you sot up about our general ap perrance I agree with you that Look went a htllo fai 111 s lying Ann
and Jane were typical but it haidly asked several things which 111 seems necessriy tor you to throw vaiymg degrees of stupid It in 0111 faces We who wiite this '^y, and the only wiy 111 which Mis are average and some well above HrecocIc s kind opinion can bo ex
IH[ BOmi IKCK
GLORIA TALKS AGAIN
Well, this IS Gloria again—and happier than we’ve been in five days' Those 4-H girls were nice, but they cut down the ratio so Last Tuesday when we went past some eds surveying on Russell Street, they didn’t whistle Looking around to find the trouble We saw some “clover gals” walking across the street and knew the answer right away
And will competition never stop’ Ada Leonard’s coming this evening Doggone, we’re in one great big sea and can’t get out—we mean by that—cute, clever, cuddlin’ competition (or is that one too deep’)
• • Well there are still navy boys to depend upon So many people have wondered why some of the “SS Cary Hall” fellows wear their dark uniforms and some wear the white ones We think that we heard a reliable answer
A navy man had a date with a WRH freshman She was impressed and so was he She complained that she could nevei pick him out among all of the others when he marched—so he wore a blue uniform to help the situation What some fellows won’t do to get a date around here
• • With all of this talk about buying defense bonds, Gloria suddenly got the right attitude and purchased foul dollars and twenty five cents worth And the story that goes along with that is—Gloria ain’t got no Piggie Bank any longer
Now The Second Letter Now for the second letter which is addiessed to the sailors but seems to call for an answer from us You are the kind of boys who go home or to other campuses and spread the stuff that hurts us You are the ones who say that all women who go to Purdue are the kind you take out on a leash You are tlic one^ who say that there are no good look ing women at Purdue Now do you suppose we like that’ You haven’t just said that, you have made it a Haditional statement You are the ones who have obviously been burned We are noimal giils, we act just like the giils lionr home do but there are fewer of us We did not ask nor did we seek out this ratio We came here for an education, especially we who are here this suirimei We who go to school in the summer pi ove that we want to get out and make some thing of ourselves or we wouldn’t endure Purdue in this heat Remem her we aien’l going to war, much as we would like to, we aie going to wait for boys like you to come back You complain about calling back three or four times while we make up our minds Well, it seems as il we should be entitled to some choice in the matter, seeing as how we can’t call you whom we would like to go out with You have the advantage over us for you make your choice when you call And as far as this “smugness ’ and valet treatment goes, I think you have just had jour pride hurt plenty of times as we have had ouis huit by this sitting Remember it’s fiity fifty Suppose you try being a good sport and you might find plenty of gills to cooperate Mysterious E G Explained And now DWO’ RWB’ APH ’ ELK’ DEB’ WGH’ WER’ JSD’ AND ELT’ here’s your answer Perhaps we should make some ex planation about our “maze of jumbled phrases and dashes and being stumped by your F G s (I m suijrrised you didn t recognize youi own phrase, lat girls to you boys) ” That maze that you speak of wrs merely notes taken on that mo mentous Iiiday night after the dates with the sailois during the
average college girls who are real ly nice (il not queens, we’re sorry) if you only get to know us and not believe what those few poor sports who have been burnt have to say Giipe Goes Both Ways We want to create a good spirit between tlie Eds and Coeds jusi as much as you do Nevei did we think that those few notes would turn out to be the bomb they apparently were We realize now, pist as you must, that there is a gripe on bath sides and it will leniain so unless we all make an efloit to change
Hays JeweSry Co.
this attitude Suppose you start ovei rgaiti and try the phone and we’ll try extra hard to be the good sports you say we re not Theie is --o 11 rich more that can be 'aid about all this but rve hate to run the ads out of the Exponent Il you feel that it would help to discuss this in a conveisational mrnnei write in yoiii answer to this (and theie will undoubtedly be one) In case othei Puidue Coeds feel in 'pned to answer this and you feel you have a specific gripe toward the oiiginal authois, re id this and weep We are the original suckers but we are sticking to 0111 gunCool off'
131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price ]
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
THE S'VME PURDUE COED^
LUHA
TODAY-SAT. . . 2 HITS
■ns®
PLUS
CHARLES STARRETT • HAYDEN
TODAY - SAT.
.oiof
— ADMISSION — MATINEE All Seats 40c Tax Inc EVENING Balcony 44c Tax Inc Mam Floor 55c Tax Inc Children (All Times) 17c Tax Inc
\8u^aK^mna^BoimttnhismM^
ARC
• • You see, in a patriotic moment, we broke open dear Piggie and found four hundred and twenty five pennies We had lots of fun counting out coppers in bunches of twenty and watching the fellow in the booth at the Union recount them When we got to the end, we were happy but she had an enemy
Since yesteiday we haven’t felt so bad about not having a boy fiiend with a convertible You guessed it' We just found that theie are other ways to get sunbruns than playing tennis—and one way is to iide in a 1928 convertible and have a fiat tire While our date is begging only reserve trie to hold up as he pumps air into it, we get a beauty of a sunburn sitting
A last thought for today It may be lawthei hot here, but be glad you are still a student at the Uni versify and not in Africa with some other American fellows where it’s 120 in the shade
Lt. Gerald Dix EE ’19, and member of the Army An Corps, was shot down in the Far East on May 6 He had been decoiated on May 22 with the Order of the Purple Heart by General Douglas Mac Arthur
A survey at Stephens college, Columbia, Mo, showed 47 per cent of the 1,750 girls wanted courses in motor mechanics
A recent suivey reveals there are 14 honorary and recognition sororities in the United States.
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
ff d ■ IN
TODAY - SATURDAY
TODAY-SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Men of Steel and Women of Fire'
WARNER BROS PICTURE wlUi ’"&IIXIS lioro CBAIQ SMITH-HOLAN-STEVENS
PLUS
ZASU PITTS ROGER PRYOR
SO'S YOUR AUNT EMMA
MfDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:30
INTERNATIONAL SQUADRON'
— WITH — RONAID REAGAN OLYMPHE BRADNA
MARS
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
DkkFORAN AnneGWYNNE
BILLY HALOP HUNTZ HALL GABRIEL DELL BERNARD PUNSLY
TEXAS MANHUNT ALSO
— Plus — POPCYE CARTOON
Sfarfs TOMORROW
Their code ®f life was different!
toUTiaATiAT
FNANK MORGAN
Alum TAMIROFF > IhelAtn UONARD
J*hn OUAllNi'PtnaW ME{K AllenJFNKINSsHtnryO'NEIU
ftimiis $ReH)i)sT
Mexican Colored C^rde Sandal
$1.99
It Doesn't Cost Much Money, But Don't We Have
Fun'’ . .
“Nobody’s Ever Dumb”
She never considers lhat any of the thousands of qneslioiis she hears aie “dumb” Wc peisomlly
'Ll
pinned IS tliat she really likes the
students
She finds the stud( nt body more entertaining than the faculty, and he IS ]rpi son illy interested in each student Vho comes in Mrs Han cock hi ought up two childicn of her own, and she Jtcls a soit of pio piioloiy intciisl in witching tin
■ ^
4'
Slave Sandal in Natural Leather $1.99, rV( I 1^ 71 ' >■ J %!«“■’^ !tW>‘' 1 ■’' / li!-'* < '^^''st.'i*' * f -5 i "" ' I U/ ’ ^ "4 Friday, jme iS, i94i BoitermoKer Sports
Bob Riley, Hardwood Captain, Enlists In Navy
-V
Bob ‘‘Horsey” Riley, co-captam elect of Piggy Lambert^S , Marking the long-awaited leturn of vaudeville, one J. Dykes, hot-1942-43 hardwood squad, has enlisted in the Naval Air Corps nndei-the-collar manager of the White Sox (who Wednesday skyj ‘11 A u i.„ A ■!-„ +1, rocketed into seventh in the junior circuit) is again yelling “murder’ and will not be on hand to assist the Boilermakers in their American Leanne cip.t The item which Baa cut Mr Dykea coming cage season. Jjy league olRcials that he was guilty of stalling in connection Horsey who has starred on the Lambert coached teams for with a game m Boston last Sunday It was hinted, practically simuh the last two seasons, dropped out of school early this semester, taneously, that the continued presence of Jimmy Dykes in American
Boilermakers Meet Great Lakes Nine At Monticello
and is waiting to be called to active duty. He expects to be called some time in August. Riley, forward and guard, on the basketball teams of the last two seasons has been one of the standouts in the Riveter cage victories His lugged makeup has made him one of the best men in the conference at play under the hoop At the end of the last season he was elected co captain with center A1 Menke Three Sport Star During his high school careei at West Side high, Bob was a thieo letter winnei, filling the bill in football, basketball, and baseball His labilities as a high school athlete won him a state wide leputation and gave him a fine start at the Uni-
versity
College athletics saw Hoisey start out to make a name foi himself under Dutch Pehiing m Ilhinie basketball This was followed with two yeais of vaisity play with olhei stars such as Igney, Blanken, and
Sprowl
Regular On Nine This spring Bob went out fox the baseball team and won a place in the outfield This in spite of the fact that he had not played the g ime in the last couple of yeais His speed afoot and line thiowing aim earned him the light to hold down the centei iield '•pot on the nine A long hittei. Bob batted cleanup during the biggest pul ol the season He hit his best clout in the Indiana game played at Bloom ington when he hit a tiemendoiis home lun Riley IS a membei of Delta Up silon social fiateinity and the Gun let club, athletic booster honoiaiy foi fraternity men
Intramural Softball Rained Out; Phi Belts Cling To Top Birth
League ball parks was contingent upon his payment of a ?260 fine. The trouble is all laid in the lap of Boston’s Sunday curfew, which in a number of previous instances, has caused a speeding up of the last inning of play, in order to finish the game before the deadline. It was ruled that Dykes attempted a bit of strategic stalling by means of manipulations of his relief pitching staff. Whatever the truth of the matter. Will Harridge, league president, has termed the matter “closed” and Dykes is still out $250, and still boiling. ' To turn to collegiate baseball, the final results on the Western Con-
ference endangered the old belief that pitchers can’t hit Two of the locked in a tie for the second rung three leading batters in the Big Ten (all members of the Iowa squad, Eiror Reported
which tied Michigan for the conference championship) were pitchers
All Stars Will Aid Varsity Against High Riding Tars
As a beginning for the victory bond drive to be staged in Monticello, the Boilermaker nine plus a few all stars will engage the Great Lakes Naval Training Station team in a game scheduled for next Tuesday afternoon. At the present time
Intramural softball games were Mickey Cochrane’s charges are riding on the crest of a twenty rkin^ out yesterday, leaving the winning streak. With the Philadelphia Phillies as their
Phi Delts in undisputed possession
latest victims. Great Lakes knocked off the Phillies 2-1 last
of the top spot with 5 other teams
Monday.
Coach Dutch Fehring intends to use the maiority of the
This paper reported, in a recent team that finished the season for the Boilermakers and has
Bob Riley
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 119 E State St.
Fieldhouse Offers Tri-Weekiy Mixed
Swim Sessions
Mixed swimming sessions are now biinp offered in tht Uieldhouse on Monday, Wednesd ly and 1 iiday Xiom 8 lo 9 10 Locker room facili lies have been jiiovidcd toi women in (he west loci ei 100ms, which miy he cntcitd fiom the ground flooi il the fionl of the ricldhouse ] or arlmiltanci sliuhnts musi have
thru prsspoils, and oLheis must and Phi Sigma Kappa combinations
pay 25 c( nls
Evnyone lookin
Bob Faber hit safely 11 times in 20 trips to the plate for an average edition, the standings to show a added strength with the of 560 and the nominal championship of the conference Pitcher Bill deadlock on first place by both the ^^ ^ -pi j Fhlprs? Dnn Hein connected 7 times in 16 for 437 and third place Second was held Pbi Delts and the Sigma Chis The ’ by Hawkeye third-sacker, George Knight who hit 8 times in 18 times error is not the fault of the Expo- Blaken, Mike I^sman, and
at bat for an average of 444 '
Interest is running high this summer in the progress of intramural sports. This is particularly true in the case of softball, where the attributing of the right score to the wrong team in the last issue of the Exponent, very nearly cost the Exponent a sports staff. In addition to the regularly scheduled matches, many off-the-record rivalries have sprung up between various fraternities and other organized groups. Noted among the extra-curricular '^‘grudge” games of the last week were such as the Sunday Sig Ep-Theta Chi tray which iound the latter team holding down the short end of a
10-6 score at the end ot the scheduled 7 innings.
Delta Upsilon, Phi Delts, Kappa Sigs Lead All Campus Bowling Competition With twenty teams entered and
SIX matches and a badly batered
nent writers, but is due mainly to Don Danielson. This quartet negligent score-keeping on the part Jjgg been playing with the La-
of the players themselve| Due to ^
its limited staff. Exponent can not , cover each individual intramural ^ ^ contest but must rely upon the In- will probably tramuial offlofe for results of the Play third base if Ernie Young, the
softball tournament The I-M office the trip Blanken has been play-
Hawkeyes Take Individual Honors In Big Ten Race CHICAGO, ILL , June 11—^Bob Faber and Dick Hem, star hurlers
in turn must depend upon the in dividual teams to score then games outfield and pRching, and diamond squad, carried
can play either spot Don Danielson and Mike Kosman are a couple of former Indiana stars that have
pi operly
Sigs Lose One
off the honors in the Big Ten mound and batting activities during the
The error in question came about , 4.1, iu j.,. P^st conference baseball season
, „ , - been impressive thus far with the „ , _
through the failure of the score keeper to record properly the score As a result the outcome of the game was reversed, showing the Sigs as
Red Sox team
Four Hurlers Ready
Hurlers Star
Faber and Hein, who led the Hawkeyes into a first-place tie with
If Blanked does not pitch, Dutch Michigan’s champion squad, played
winners over Theta Xi by a 9 to 8 Fehring can use one of the three remarkable ball, both from the plate
count On behalf of the Intramuial varsity moundsmen that he has on and the box
office the paper uiges that scorers hand Ed Misselhorn, Paul Petiich, Faber, in six games, pitched himfoi the intramural contests be as and Walt Leifheit would all like self to four victories, and averaged
dope bucket already behind them, they can boast of the high individ- lucid as possible hn then coverage to take a crack at the slugging sail-
the All Campus bowling tourna- score as well as the individual of the games In the past, several ors
ment IS well under way So far, de- bigh senes rolled by Dick Weichel erroneous scores have been caught Walt Smith is a definite choice
650 at the plate Hem won all five of his confeience contests, averaging 1 000 out on the mound, and was
spite the predictions of experts, the Dick took the high score rolling a before publication, and there have for catcher, while Tony Berto will credited with a .437 average at bat-
220 game and the high senes with been cases of games which were handle first base Dick Meyers, who ting n 593 played without any record of the finished among the first ten in the Another Hawkeye
High Game scores or game itself batting percentages of the Big Ten, a third Iowan, thud baseman Ptot. P, nia liiiTii careless action as this may will round out the keystone sack Knight, took second m the league ncra iiiera ri iioiub tiie iiigu result 111 the permanent alteration combination along with Danielson batting’ with an average of ddA team gam^e so far with a total^of standings At present the cor- Meyers did not play the beginning First place in batting went to Faber
Delta Upsilon keglers lead the competition in the “A” bracket with a record of five wins and one loss Topping the “B” bracket are the Pill Delts and the Kappa Sigs with
a similar record Favories Tumble
Piodicted to do great things ear her m the season, the ATO, Beta
894 pins for one game Sigma Nu standings should read
holds the high senes record having
recently rolled a 2372 series. rp^eta The committee in charge an- Sigma Chi
ii wi IcniiK Lilhci done with daljos. Beta’s arc at the bottom of the “A”
or in ^,ioups on Tuesday nignts
Jiom 7 to 0 lo! Ganns on the Green, of six games The Phi Sigma Kap-
have not fared so well thus far in yesterday that from now Sigma Alpha Mu
on all games will siait piompily at Sigma Phi G 30 p m Any team not leady to Alpha Tau Omega
bTaTketTlmving'' won^onl'y one out ^^at time will be asked to Tau Kappa Epsilon
Lor leciortion the competition At present the
forfeit the series
Alpha Chi Rho
of the season, but finished the sea- who ended sixth in pitching, while
^lllliilllilllllillllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllilllllil^ I FRIENDLY SERVICE | S Bonded = s Gas and Oil S I T. & R. OIL CO., Inc. | ^tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiF
which ue spoil'oied by tin Physi c il Pitncss commitlee of (he Uni vci ity PI lying imlncis will be ai ranged il dcsiiod At llu [111 sent linn pint pong, p iddh ((iini and b rdiuinlon ai c ot tiled bill in llu tulini llii playing will be doni on lln basi ball field, where volliyball, coihball and cio quel will bo olleied
pa’s occupy a similar position at the low end of the “B” bracket The ATO’s have not fared quite as badly, standing fifth in the “B” bracket wilh a 600 aveiage Nevertheless, dopesters had planned great things lor I he Alpha Tau Omega keglers
earlier in the tourney
Although the Alpha Sigma Phi’s are-at the low tend of the standings.
Pet son at second base 1 000 Young May Play
800 Ernie Young, who has been out 800 in industry since school was out in 800 May, will try to get back to play 800 thud base If he does not, Ed Ehleis 800 will take over thud, otherwise 666 Ehleis will play in the outfield ' " Along with Ehleis there will be Carl Hipp, Mike Kosman and the
mound first went to Hein, who stepped in at third position in the
batting averages
John Kasper, Wisconsin sophomore who appeared m all twelve confeience games, was fourth with 431, followed by Don Robinson, Michigan, 12 games, 416; Dick Meyers, Boilermaker second baseman, who played the last half of the
INTRAMURALS
ATTENTION SENIORS
Specially pi iced $^.00
We can liiriiish you with an ideal fsiiiniiier trouser. It is not a cord, but made ol‘ Field Clul) (as advertised in Esquire) gabardine in a soft cream shade. Come in and see these— now
WELL TAILORED • COOL ZIPPER • WEAR RESISTANT
j
PLEATED CUFFS
500 M AIK ST
CLOTHES S:
Iho tollowint fiateinities will play Tennis Sinfe’-] s Fiiday cveninr Tune 1? at 6 o clock Couit 1 Tau Ep^’ilon Phi vs Phi K ippa 2 1 hi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu 3 liinngle vs Kappa Delta Rho 4 Alpha Kappa I ambda vs Iheta Xi 5 Sikma Pi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 6 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Alpha Lpsilon 11 Pi K rfiipa Phi vs Theta Tau 12 Phi K It pa Sigma vs Delta Chi 1^ Delta Upsilm vs K ippa Sigma 14 Acacia vs Sikma Nu 15 I ambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Delta Iheta lb D ta Iheta Pi vs Alpha Chi Rho 17 Phi Kappa Psi vs Iheta Chi 18 Phi Ka] pa Tau vs Alphi T ui Omega 19 Sq,ma Chi vs Pi Kapp i Alpha J he following lennis Doubhs will be plijcd liulay evening at 4 oclotk Com t 1 Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta lau 2 K ijipa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Mu I i hi Delti Iheta vs Dtlta Upsilon 1 Ih ta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha Ihesf g imob aie quaitei finals and must be played hiiday h iilure to play these matches will be call d a forfeit The followHi" liateinity Softball games will bt pi ly d Tuesday cvei mg June 16 at b 10 Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2 Sigmi 1 hi Lpsilon vs Sit,ma N i \ Alphi Si^mu Phi vs Pi Kapp i Phi 1 Air hi luu OniGLa vs Sigmi Alpha 1 psilon 5 I hi (ximma Delta vs T lU Fpsilon Phi 0 ] hi Kappa Tau vs D Ita Chi ^ Alplia Chi Rho vs I hi DtUa Iheta 8 Ihta rlutu Pi vs Lambda Chi Alpha ) Kappa Sigm i vs Sigma Pi 10 Uelti Ur silon \s Pi Kapp i Alpha 11 Acacia vs. Inangle 12 Iheta Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi 13 Delta lau Delta vs Kappa Delta Rho It Phi Sitma Kappa vs Tau Kappa Epsilon
17
Sq nia Alpha Mu vs Sigma Chi Alpha G imma Rho vs Iheta Chi Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Xi
Cary Hall will have a practice round in Horseshoes Tuesday evening June lb fiom
4 to r o clock The following will be the hancled
piactice schedule
Caiy Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 1 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall b Caiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall o
C iry Hall 7 will be the
pitchers who are not being used, season for Dutch Fehring, ended for the outfield capacities Hipp sixth in batting with 400. Chamberplayed on the Riveter team this lam, Michigan, 12 games, 396, and year, while Kosman is an ex- Hull of Illinois, 12 games, 375, were
Hoosiei flash next in order
In the first game with the Great Iowa’s batting average of .294 Lakes team, the Riveters were topped the team standings, and H-
tiouncing The Boiler- linois with 965 had the best fielding
maker have been working out three record The Hawkeyes, coached by nights a week in older to keep in Otto Vogel, now seeking a navy pocondition for this contest This will sition, hit for an aveiage of 62
firIt'’TeBu‘‘iL7or/m^Zrscshors'with \he piohably be the last game for the bases to 146 for Wisconsin.
Riveters this year
A Pair Of Hitters '
following units playing Caiy Hall 1 Ms Cary Hall Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 Ciry Hail 4 vs Caiy Hall 5 Ihest games will be playt 1 each Tues da\ and Thursday Gvemn„ from 4 to 6 o clod playing the best two out of tluee
games
Tlie following fraternities will play Gold and Black Frul ly evening June 1“^ at
1 Sigma Chi vs Alpha Tau Omega 2 Beta Iheti Pi vs Phi Gamma Delta 3 Phi Kir pa Aau vs Kappa Delta Rho 4 Sij-,ma Nu vs Sigma Alpha Epsfton 7 00 1 Delta Usilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha 2 Kapp i Sigma vs Theta Tau 3 Alphi Gimma Rho vs Alpha Chi Rho 4 Phi Delta Iheta vs Pi Kappa Alpha The following Caiy Hall Softball games will be pliyed Monday evening June 1 at 4 00 Diamond 1 Caiy Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 4 2 Carv Hall 2 vs Cuiy Hall 3 Cay FI ill 3 vs Cary Hall 6 The lollowing Ward Softball games will be nlaycd Monday evening June 15 at G 45 Diamond 4 Waul 1 vs Ward 29 5 Waid 2 vs Ward 4 b Ward 5 vs Ward 21 7 Ward 22 vs Ward 25 8 Ward 2b vs Ward 27
By the addition of Ehleis and
Blanken, the lineup of the Boiler- Cardinals, is the power hitter of the makers will be greatly strengthen- cleanup posted Ehleis has been noted for his the outfield while on
stion^ fielding and his strong bat- ^ ^
ting ability Last week both Ehleis lineup of Great Lakes is comand Blanken led the Red Sox in Posed ot five for mer major leaguers.
The latest addition is John Rigney,
Dad’s Place so HANDY
POPCORN Gallon 15c BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cream Pint 20c Other flavors 17e pint
hitting
The Gieat Lakes team has attracted a lot of attention with their continuous victoiies By ringing up twenty consecutive victories, the Cochiane nine has been a threat to the foremost teams m the country Not since May 4, when Gieat Lakes lost to the Chicago Cubs in Wiigley Field 6 to 3, has the sailor nine suffered a setback Top Batter Joe Grace, formerly ot the St Louis Browns, is at the piesen.. leading the Tiaining Station with a batting peicentage of 400 He is followed closely by Benny McCoy, ex Philadelphia Athletic star, with 395 Don Padgett ioimeily of the
the star pitcher of the Chicago White Sox and the whole American League as well The lineup is batting over 300 For those students that are interested in seeing baseball at its best, this contest Tuesday gives them that opportunity, as Monticello is only about thirty miles north of here SPORTS NOTICE GOLD & BL'VCK officials are
needed’
Anyone wishing to officiate Fraternity Gold & Black games call 2875 Officials will be paid for working these games.
a “MEET ME at
WALGREEN’S”
DELICIOUS FOOD I REFRESHING TREATS , MODERATELY PRICED
0
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
EXTRA SPECIAL!
lax addriboct Reg. size — Vi Price Limited Time - .
Stops perspiration odor, checks perspiration itself—1 to 3 days. Not irritating to average^skin. No need to rinse'off. ligh^ fresh fragrance. Stock up today—get double the amouatl
efadliL.A^
/A
* !- Purdue Exponent
Friday, June 12, 1942
•^\ Art Guild Sponsors Cartoon Exhibit “Alt Makes the News,” a cumulative cartoon exhibit piepaied by the exhibit committee of the Stu dent Alt Guild, is now on display in room 257 of the Union The exhibit IS designed to show the impoitance of art in the news woild and to illustiate the techniques used by diffeient cartoonists as well as the vaiious ways in which news papers inteipiet the news of the day The display, which is the fiist cumulative collection of ait to be shown heie, will close June 21
■ItiM
War Creates Physics Jobs For Women
AccOiding to Piof K Lark Horo vitz, head of the physics depart ment, theie exist today moie than ®vei befoie excellent oppoitunities foi women in the fl^ld of physics The scarcity of women in this held IS appalling Fewer Women Phisicists In 1933, the fifth edition of American Men of Science listed 22,000 scientists, 51 of whom weie women physicists, in 1938 the sixth edition listed 28 000 scientists only 42 of whom were women physicists The National Defense Reseaich Council has estimated that 67 per cent of all the physics woik in the war could be done by women but only 2 per cent is actually being done by women at the piesent time Women’s Jobs In Ekigland In England women are opeiating the radio locatois foi enemy an planes, woiking in ladio factoiies and radio leseaich laboi atones and are engaged as technicians and cal culatois foi physics and mathemat ics leseaich In an engineeiing school such as ouis, all women who have any in cLnation towaids mathematics or science can take much physics and mathmatics Tiigonometiy, college algebra and physics 34 and 35 aie basic couises that can be woiked into the schedules of women stu dents Speciahzed Work Moie specialized w oik can be tak en such as the study of electricity or the X lay Fifteen to 20 hours of physics tiaining is required foi gov ernment positions During the wai women physicists can find unlimited opportunities in the fields of ladio and airplane work and lepaii seivice, after the wai their services will be needed in the development of television and frequency modulation sets Civilian Defense (Continued from page 1) tures and demonstiations by staff members and qualified authorities from civilian life Col Johnston pointed out that each of the schools will run fiom Sunday to a week fiom the following Wednesday and that the four day break between schools will give the officers an op poitunity to coopeiate in the pro motion of civilian defense activities in various paits of the vast teiri
tory
A leahstic touch will be added to the school tiaining through the con stiuction of an outdooi demonstia tion ‘laboratoiy in the aiea north of the Ross Ade stadium where the students will have a chance to ap ply their knowledge of fire bomb and gas piotection Simulated attic spaces factory loofs and small ipiinklci equipped buildings have been erected Gas mask dulls will also be a regular pait of the tiaining, as well as instruction in the identification of wai gases A specially constiuct ed gas chambei will be utilized in ga® mask dulls against tear, and possibly chloiine gas while small tube^ of vaiious types of gases will be exploded down wind in outdooi demonstiations in oidei that stu dents maj leain to identify them by
odoi
Merry-Go-Round... (Continued from page 1) too uncomf01 table to advance fur ther “Shoie based air power” is not the Navy, but the Aimy, plus, in this ease, a small contingent of Ma line Corps bombers Thus, leading between the lines of Admiral King’s statement, it is safe speculation to piece togethei this picture of what happened at Midway Island The Japanese were advancing with what 'Vdmiral King described as “the bulk” of their fleet This was estimated at eight modern battleships and six airplane carriers, which left them only about six other battleships and one other carrier to guard their farflung battle lines to Singapore and India In other words, the Japs were putting most of their eggs in one basket and making a desperate stab at eventual invasion of the USA • Ruiih Planes To Midway Calculkting our opposition to this huge armada, the Japs must have estimated that considering oui losses at Peail Haibor and oui nec essity of protecting the Atlantic we could not match then battleship strength in the Pacific They had photogiaphs of the damage done at Peail Haiboi, and they knew we had used no battleships in the bat ties of the South Pacific So piob ably they weie able to make a faiily accurat* estimate of what we could muster around Midway And the tiemendous size of their own force shows they did not want to take
chances
However the Japs weie not able to calculate that we would get wind of their movements in advance and that the Aimy would concentiate so many of its big bombeis on Midway Island—hungry f6r the Jap attack And reading between the lines of the Navy’s statements, it is safe speculation that our air fleet, chiefly army bombers met the Jap ships 500 miles off Midway and never let them come within range of our battleships’ big guns, also that the only U S naval vessels which really got into action were our submarines (The Japs presumably scored their hits against us with airplanes or subs ) In winch case you can understand why the Air Corps is sore over having the Battle of Midway hailed as a great naval victory, with the Admirals issmng all the victorious announcements • FDR Receives Advice The President has been given some blunt advice to deliver a fire side chat” to explain the much be muddled rubber and gas situation The advice was given at a lecent White House conference by Donald Nelson Leon Henderson, Aichie MacLeish and Undeisecietaiy of War Patterson, all of whom agreed that the people had been so con fused by conflicting official pio nouncements, and that only the President himself could clarify matters and explain why national rationing of gas is essential The answer to this is so simple that it seems fantastic that it hasn’t been got over to the pub he There is plenty of gas in the U S —except along the Atlantic seaboard—but real crux of gas rationing is the despeiate shortage of rubber That is the whole story in a nutshell • Public Befuddled Every responsible official in Washington, including the Presi dent, knows this Yet a multitude
—-I- — '/ I Personnel Notes
Young Radiator Company, Ra cine, Wisconsin August and Decembei ME foi engineering drafts men and laboratoiy assistants Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, June 16 Universal Cooler Corporation, Maiion, Ohio ME and EE August graduates for design and expeii mental laboiatory work Sign m the Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 17 Onsrud Machine Works Inc, Clii cago Illinois Auguit and Decern bei ME Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday June 17 U S Navy Department, “Sea bees ” Washington, D C Men with constinotion expeiience needed for eniollment m class V6 For fuithei information consult bulletin board in youi school oi the Peisonnel Of tree Whiting Corporation Haivey II Imois ME with expeiience in draft ing and student engineers Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 17 Alpha Kappa Lambda social fiaternity, announces the initation of the following men Pi of G W Sheiman, Lafayette, as an honoiaiy member, LeMoyne E Farnsworth, Elkhait, Ray B '‘Sis IS all right for an evening—but you lUst oughta have to Larson, Elkhart, and Edwin Seller live here all the time without a uniform/’ Mansfield Ohio
University Calendar Friday^ June 12 9 00 AM—-Canneis Technician School Hoit Building
AIME
will sponsor a talk on “Alii minum Manganese and Bionze” by G P Halliwell to be held next Thiiisday at 8 p m in room 236 of the Union Halliwell is a repiesen tative of the H Kiamei Company of Chicago, lefineis and smelters of
sciap metals
Notices
r, ^
Newman Club All members of Newman Club inteiested in a mixed doubles tennis tournament should cull 2413 and notity Gnariio Claik —UANUTI Gold Peppers Picnic with Reamers js postponed to Sunday June 21 —SIMONS Archery Archeiry for all men students will be held every Monday Wedi esday and Friday from 4 tb 8 30 p m at the archeiy lange adjacent to the Wonlen s teni s courts Equipment and instiuction will be available without cl aige at the lange -^FREYMAN Pi Tau Sigma April initiates MdiPbci ship eeitificates now available at main of flee of the Ml buil ling —KINNEY Condition Examinations in English Ex ami lations foi the lemoval of c i lit ons in 1 igilsh will bo held on Saturday afternoon June 13 fiom 1 to 4 in loom 201 Univei sity Hall Removal of Condition cards may be obtained at the English Oftice in Uni versity Hall —CREEK Phi Lambda Upsilon Keys have arrived New membeis may get same by calling at Alpha Chi Rho house —ADAMS Student Art Guild Picnic Satuiday June 13 at 6 p m Meet at the putteiirvg shops at 5 30 p m —FELDER Students Those desning to fire in the second Novice P stol Gioup which staits Tie day T ne 16 may sign ip in the sui ply loom now —LT BROWN Reservists All n ale students who have not yet co npleted the two yeais basic mil itaiy Tram ng lequned for giad lation and aie now membeis of the Naval or Maiine Corps Reserve repoit to the Adjutants of fice Purdue Armoiy for impoitant infer mation lelative to youi tatue —RIORDAN
/
Military Juniors Report to Supply on Thursday June 11 or Friday June IZ to be measured for Cadet offeer ft uniform A representative of the uniform company will be in the supply room on June 1 June 12 only —LT BROWN AIME There will bo a talk on AluminumMangniieae Bron/ee Thursday Johe 18 8 p m Room 283—Union —SCHALLIOL Cenditioii Exams In Enarlisli Exams for removal of C s in English will be held Sat June 13 from 1 to 4 P m in room 201 uIU veisity Hall Removal of C cards may be obtained in the English Office in University Hall —CREEK Wesley Eoundation Skating party Friday Jane 12 Meet at Foundation at 8 p In Price 26 cents —DAYHUFF IBS mm Howitzer Squad Executives Meeting Monday June 16 at 4 p m m loom 206 of Armory —VANDERFORD Surveying (C E 8) Make up exaiM will be given in room 101 of the C B building Saturday afternoon June 18 Permits must be obtained before Friday noon June 12 —LOMMEL PIA Chorus Meeting Tuesday June 14 at 7 80 p m in room 307 of the Unioii —HENDRICKS WAA Tennis Players Beginners tourna ment t begin Monday June 22 Gills in terested sign up at Women s Gym —SCHUBER Cosmopolitan Club Weekly meeting will be hel 1 Friday June 12 in Room 304 of the Union All membeis please be present —SEEVER PIA Beard Very important meeting Monday J me 16 at 4 p m —SLEEPER Ceres Regular meeting Tuesday June lb at 30 p m in loom 306 in the Union Impoitant be there —BRADFIELD Tau Beta Pi Important meeting on Tues day JinelO at 80 Room to be announced 1 ter Ice cream for refreshments First bfteen men will receive plaques —YOUNGBLOOD ® Engineer Staff Picnic for all staff metti beis and workeis will be held Saturday afteinoon June 80 Sign up in the offibe before Wednesday if you expect to go —YOUNGBLOOD
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makbr sold rented repaiied and purchased Mime ograph work done C J Ebersboff 606 Maia Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost Pair of rimless glasses in Union May 29 Reward Call 2666
9 00 AM—File School 1 30 P M —Fire School 2 00 PM—harm Mariageis Meeting 6,30 PM—Farm Mana'geis Dinner 8 30 P M —P I A Dance
South Ballioom Union East and West Fac Lounges Union Pooms 356 and 363, Union Booms 332 and 334 Union Noith and South Ball rooms Union
Saturday, June 13
8 00 AM—Farm Managers Meeting Pooms 355 and 363 Union 9 00 AM —Canneis Technician School Hoit Building
of conflicting statements hn e be fuddled the public and pHjed di rectly into the hands ot ceil am selfish oil interests opposed to gas rationing Ihis fact WTS polilclj hut bluntlv impressed on the Picsi dent at the White House confer ence Actually ho himscll was guilty of one of the woisl bemud lling statements'—his piess conloiencc lemaik that the lubboi situation was being exaggented bee ruse some substitute loi tiics undoulit edly would be invented This cbeet lo obseivation was made oxTcth two days after Donald Nelson nnd his lubbei expel Is told the puss tlnl no substitute foi lubbei was in sight (Copyiight 1942 by United Featuic Syndicate Inc )
CHILDREN'S DANCING* CLASSES OPEN SAT, JUNE 13 BALLET AND TAP Classes Divided According to Age PHONE 2150 P M ALLEN Instructor ALLEN^S 6lh and 1 erry
Wear them with Pride, CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES
because Crown cleaning is une^t celled for quality.
All Garments Cleaned by Crown Are Moth Proofed
©!iora Immwi
Top of the Hill
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Iversity Book Store
Across From Union Red San no s 29 Doc Fpple 40
I ITS TRUE!
In a New PALM BE/ICH SUIT The first requirement for a summer suit is its coolness. The only true measure of coolness in a summer suit is the measure of air it allows to reach the skin and evaporate the hot, uncomfortable hody moisture. To secure this comfort, wear oui5 n^w Koolerized Palm Beach. $19.50
BUY WHILE OUR STOCK IS FULL ’SfuUuHtL Inc. WEST LAFAYETTE
By Wiley PadanJ
^PENCCR,. TRACy«a.r AS T-HE HAPPy-60-LUCKy PILON MGM's HILARIOUS "TORTILLA FLAT" .. BASED ON JOHN ST-ElN-BECKS STORY cf GAY CALIFORNIA PAISANOS (PRONOUNCEP rSANOS) T+llS IS THE 4’^ PICTURE THAT TRACY DIRECT VICTOR FLEMMING HAVE MADE TOGETHER!
LAMARR WAS CHOSEN HONORARY BATTERY COMMANDER OF A COAST ARTILLERY UNIT AT FT STOREY VIRGINIA.
FRANK MORGAN RECENTLY GAVE HIS WIFE A TANDEM BICYCLE*
IThe handsome CAREFREE DANNY IS BROUGHT To THE SCREEN BY TALENTED’ JOyNGARFIBl WHO R05E FROM NEW YORKS LOWER EAST SIDE To STAR ON STACF WSCREENJi
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, will be faking Debris pictures in Room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union Building, starting at 8 30 A M , Monday, June 8. Every senior who has signed up with the Debris has a definite time and will be expected to appear at that time. Each senior will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and is payable at the time the picture is takeh.
T me 8 30 8 35 8 40 8 45 8 50 8 55 9 00 9 05 9 10 9 15 9 ?0 9 25 9 30 9 35 9 40 9 45 9 50 9 55 10 00 10 05 10 10 10 15 10 20 10 25 10 30 10 35 10 40
Friday, June 12
Name
Loudenback J
Hess L J
Gratun k E A Hendriksen D C
Keeler ) S
Gmder N L Mansfield W H Johnson B A
Morgan L
Toering R L Widmer Marion
Nalepa E J
Sexson J C Shively J T Stubs M E Wiggins J W Weigel R M Williams G D
King r
Mizisin J Inglis R D Hopley R Johnson J R Kleinknecht K \ Homfeld M Mira D E Best C D
H
10 45 10 50 10 55 11 00 1 1 05 1)10 )1 1.^ 1 1 20 1 1 25 I 1 30 II 35 I 1 40 1 1 45 I I 50 II 55 1 00 1 05 1 10 1 15 1 20 1 25 1 30 1 35 1 40 1 45 1 50 1 55 2 00
Rumble C B Siu G Ram'ey Anna Hammer W A Jordan Mildred Lowz T F Topping Hazel Weatherston R C Spetnor N Santos J K Schuber Evelyn Von Hartz H M Wdowka L J Zeller D Lewright W K Croll P D Eby W D JacI son R F Gerard J J Lander J R Iddings H G McCartney Betty Kolb R S M Her W C Badger E R Friedman C Creel Calista Cook F W
2 05 2 10 2 15 2 20 2 25 2 30 2 35 2 40 2 45 2 50 2 55 00 05 10 15 20 25 30 35 40
3 45
50 55 00 05 10 15 20 4 25 4 30
Edwards H S Baick D R Hoshaw R W Kinney R E Jones C K Gatewood J Lee F M McDonald F J Hopf r R Kessel A Bucc cane B S Mangum R E Kemper R A Hend ickson D J Leboi C Liang T L Larrimer C A M Her Ruth Lee R C Grabfelder Suzanne Mundy Florence Miller Betty Lamb H G McAllister L Marozick N E Isbell E Gardner W VV Hyman R I Kjellberg C G Solomon I