1 f * I'
THEWEATHEEt Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy with*rain or snow today; tomorrow colder, snow flurries.
Purdue Exponent
,,^12g
'■]
FRIDAY
%
December 9/ 1938
1
Lafayette, bidiana
4
VoL 50 No. 75
Invited To MU By Sophs Marriage Course Should Be Offered Forum Concludes
Fred Granger and Georgialee Weigel who have been chosen by Skull f and Crescent’s Sophomore Cotillion Committee to represent the sophomore class of Purdue at the Sophomore Prom of the University of Michi-
gan tonight at Ann Arbor, Michigan.
* Cotillion Committee Selects Delegates Selected by the Sophomore Cotillion committee of Skull and ^ Crescent as typical sophomore students, Fred Granger and ♦ Georgialee Weigel will attend the Sophomore Prom at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor tonight, in response to an in- ^ vitation from the sophomore class of the latter institution.
Georgialee is from Wilmette, 111., and lives in the women’s residence hall here. Exponent, University
t « Choir, and Scrivener organizations fill up her time while she is not studying in the home economics school to become a fashion design- * er. She has a brother at the Uni- ' versity of Michigan. Just Like Home * For Fred, it will be like going home—he lives in Benton Harbor, Mich., and has many friends at the ^ Michigan institution. Along with his education in chemical engineering, Fred, just recently initiated into Triangle fraternity, slices in a f little work on the Engineer and the executive council of the AIChE. This is the first time such an in- ( vitation has been extended and the sophomore class of Purdue, represented by Fred and Georgialee, has ^ invited the sophomore class of Michigan to return the compliment. “Plans foi: the Cotillion are already being worked on by the com- * mittee,” said Chairman R. A. Dilts. “We want to make different and better than any previous Sophomore ^ Cotillion this year’s dance.” G. B. Enders Returns f To Campus To Speak Of His Experiences f Gordon B. Enders, world traveler, author, and lecturer, returns to the campus this year to be the speaker at the student forum at Westminf ster House Sunday evening. He will tell of his personal experiences in Tibet. * Enders has led a most unusual and interesting life. Taken from his birthplace, Essex, Iowa, to Tibet ^ at the age of four years, he early learned the ways and customs of ^ the Tibetans. The first foreigner to hold such a position, Enders has been a memt ber of the Upper House of the Tibetan National Assembly, and Foi’eign Advisor to the Grand Lama. f He is also the first foreigner to be given th6 title and rank of Tibetan nobility. ^ Enders’ address will follow an informal supper at six o’clock. Penalty Dates According to a statement re- ^ ceived by the Exponent from Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, penalty dates will be in effect before and after I Christmas holidays. They are December 21 and January 5. “Studying for a test” or “oversleeping” will not be consid- ^ ered cause for exemption from the penalty fees incurred on these days. “All classes on these two days must be attended,” said Dean Fisher. ^ The rule is intended not merely to keep students in Lafayette during the penalty dates but actually f to have them attend all classes.
Lapel Tags Appear As Parties Begin Active Campaigns Interest in the approaching Prom and Gala Week committee elections is increasing, coat lapel tags are being issued, platforms are being discussed, and the party supporters are avidly boosting their respective committees. The two parties on the campus this year are the already well known Progressive and the Boilermaker parties. The Progressive party got the jump on its rival Wednesday when its members bore bright yellow rectangular tags on their lapels. The Progressive Party claims to please the people and satisfy the seniors. Today Boilermaker Party members will be wearing square yellow tags with black lettering. Small white calling cards are also to be issued today. The party urges the students to look for the picture of the Prom ticket which is to be posted in the Village. WBAA Seeks Talent For Child Program Talented children who desire to apjpear on the regular Saturday morning program, “Just Kids,” featured on WBAA, should register today in the tower room of the Union, according to Gilbert D. Williams, program director of the sta-
tion.
No actual try-outs are scheduled, but the parents must signify their willingness to cooperate with the radio station WBAA. “Just Kids” has been a feature of WBAA for over five years. ^ Howitzer Squads To Vie For Honors Four howitzer squads will meet tonight to vie for crack squad honors in the annual ROTC competition. Last night four squads were tried, and tonight’s run-off will complete the contest. Basis for the selection of tbe champs will be speed, accuracy, and efficiency in setting up and firing the guns, as well as general military orderliness. Members of the winning squad will receive citations and medals. , Each team is composed of two junior executives and 11 sophomore members. Junior executives and their respective squads are: Squad 1—Gerding and Hobbs; 2—Duckworth and Hoffman; 3—^Echterling and Houston; 4—Knight and Ahlvin; 6—Hurst and Schrader; 6— Mulholland and Butterfield; 7— Burns and Viehe; 8—^Unger and Turnbell.
A course in marriage relationships should be offered by the University. That was the conclusion reached by 50 students and faculty members at last night’s Tau Kappa Alpha forum in the Union’s faculty lounge. The present program of marital education was conceded to be inadequate. Dr. Rose, T. K. Noss, Lucy Demoret, and Jack Wise led the discussion. Mary Wien presided. “As a physician, I believe that better knowledge of estg,blishing homes before marriage will prevent breaking them later,” said Dr. Rose of the student health service. Quotes Dr. Fosdick Quoting Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick, Noss said, “The two greatest decisions one can make are what career he should follow and whom he should marry.” The University, it was agreed, should aid the students in both. Having agreed on the advisability of including such a course in the curriculum, th6 discussion centered upon the content and the method of teaching. There was some disagreement as to whether or not sex education should be included. No conclusion was reached. Lucy Demoret of WSGA reported that 500 other universities offered courses in marriage relations, mostly of the lecture type. A forum followed as to whether the course should be in the nature of lectures or discussions. “Credit or Non-Credit” The question of credit was raised; opinion indicated that the group favored an optional non-credit course, preferably for seniors. University attitude on the question was considered. It appeared that the University might favor the proposal, but that there might be some opposition from the parents. WSGA and Senate were both well represented. There was active participation on the part of the audience, both from eds and co-eds. The discussion was opened with questions and remarks from the leaders, after which the forum proper followed. Among the faculty attending were Miss Coolidge, Miss Hazelton, Miss Beeman, Dr. Estey, Prof. Lull, Prof. Murphy, Mr. Winch and Mr. Horn. Bud Bryant Plays As Co-eds Vi^For Debris Titles Tomorrow With Bud Bryant’s band and several other bits of campus talent supporting them, Purdue’s co-eds will vie for the title of Debris Beauties” tomorrow. Students are cordially invited by Debris officials to witness the judging, but an appioximate limit of a thousand has been set as the capacity for the evening. The program will begin promptly at 8 o’clock and will include Russ Mock, pianist, a female trio, and Ruth Swift, accordionist. Gills who plan to enter the contest must report to the reception room of the Union today at 4:00 p. m. Entiance in the contest will be officially recognized only by attendance at this rehearsal. Lingo Appointed To Safety Congress Purdue public safety director, J. T. Lingo, has been selected as a member of the program committee for the National Safety Congress to be held in Chicago next October. His duties as a member of this committee include the selection of topics and speaker for all events and the forming of a policy for the street and highway sections of the congress.
Brawl To Revive Gay '90's' Politics, Exposers Will Entertain Brawlers; Judges To Reward Costume, Beard Winners
By Bowery Bill
put Up your hair in true 1890 style, don your old clothes of the same period, and come to the Boilermakers’ Brawl tonight. It’s a good place to forget you ever had any worries. Annually for the past 18 years, usually in the month of December, a sizeable group of gay Boilermakers have gathered at a Sigma Delta Chi dance to have a good time in a rough-and-tumble way. The name of the affair has changed from Gridiron Dance, to Riveter’s Rassle, and now to Boilermakers’ Brawl . . . just as the theme of the dance has varied from time to
' time. First dances were held in the Memorial Gymnasium and the profit accruing from them was used to send the freshman football squad to Chicago or to Northwestern to watch the varsity team play. Now the dancers assemble in the Union ballroom, and any net financial gain IS spent by Sigma Delta Chi as it
sees fit.
Tweet Hogan’s musicians have often been called the “band of the world’s handsomest men,” and the leader of the group. Tweet himself, does his part in upholding that rep-
utation.
Playshop's 'Pracula' Best In Three Years Say First Nighters With current horror-thriller “Dracula,” Playshop puts its best production in three years across the Eliza Fowler Hall footlights. “Dracula,” mystery drama in three acts, by Hamilton Deane and John L. Balderston, directed by John E. Dietrich, staged by H. Kenn Carmichael. Curtain time: 8 o’clock tonight and tomorrow night.
Cast
Mias Wells, maid Jonathan Harker Dr Seward Van Helsing . Renfield Butterworth Lucy Seward Count Dracula
Beverlie Rice Robert Schlendorf Joseph Martin Fred Ahrens Gilbert Devore .... Benton Bums Patricia Heine - Jack Armitage
Fred Ahrens returns to the stage after a year’s absence to turn in a top-notch presentation of distinguished scientist Van Helsing. Gilbert Devore as wild-eyed mad flyeating Renfield and Jack Armitage as dreadfully hollow-voiced Count Dracula, constantly bring the audience to the edge of their chairs as (Continued on page 3)
First Annual Planning
School Closes Today Zoning operations and funda-
mentals will be discussed this morning from 8:30 to 11:30 in the fifth session of the three day First Annual Planning School held in the. Civil Building. The school will close after the sixth session which
will be held this afternoon. Directed by the School of Civil
Engineering and the Engineering Extension Department, the school has been open to city and county planning commissions and other in-
terested groups.
This morning’s instructors are H. R. Olson, of the Chicago Regional Planning Association; J. B. Kohlmeyer, state land use planning specialist; and D. Moomaw, secretary of the South Bend Building Commission. These instructors will lead the discussion of the morning’s
topic.
“The Simplicity of Planning” is the topic that will feature the last session held this afternoon from 1 to 4 p. m. Similarity of city and county planning an3TKe organization of plan commission staffs are two of the points that will be covered in the discussion. The leaders of this session are Dr. Rexford Newcomb, of the University of Illinois; Prof. J. P. Schmidt, of Ohio State University; and L. V. Sheridan, consultant, Indiana State Planning Board. Yesterday’s program was divided into two topics which were discussed in the morning and afternoon. The first was “The Master Plan and Official Map,” under the (Continued on page 3)
Tweet Hogan Plays Tonight Tweet Hogan—^who played for the Rassle in 1933 and the Sophomore Cotillion in 1932— brings his band of good-looking men here from Chicago to supply the syncopation for an expected crowd of 400 couples. Tickets for the Brawl will be on sale yet today at the Union Desk, at Deac’s, Decker’s, and Southworth’s, and may be purchased from Sigma Delta Chi members. Ticket Chairman Carl Prechter said last night that a limited number would be available at the main door of the Union during the dance tonight. Dancers will have the entire west end of the Union reserved for their use at the dance tonight. Guards at the various entrances will keep out all but Boilermaker Brawlers. Kiss for a Vote Outside the entrance to the Chestnut room will hang a sign “Pledge your vote to the Boilermaked Party and receive a Kiss.” Inside the room, according to the politicians, “recognized Purdue beauties” will welcome all comers with a kiss. “And there’s no limit to the number of times you can join the party,” said John Dilts, party leader. A barker will shout the Boilermaker challenge to the Brawlers over an amplifying system. Spokesman for the Progressive (Continued on page 4)
Co-eds ^Baclc^ New Debris Contest
A free copy of this year’s issue of the Debris will be awarded to any student in the University who can come closest to correctly naming the co-eds in the accompanying photogi’aph. This contest, opening today and being held in conjunction with the Beauty Contest, will continue today and tomorrow, with a winner receiving the prize each day. Entrants are asked to turn their guesses in to the west desk of the Union. To make the contest a little easier
for the students, the members of the Debris staff have condescended to offer a few hints. Here they are: the gir-1 in the pin striped coat is a Theta, the girl next to her is an Independent sophomore, the girl in the angora sweater is a Chi 0, and the girl next to her is a Junior Independent. Serving as a climax to the weeks’ competition, the annual Debris Beauty Contest to be held on Saturday evening will decide where Purdue’s beauty lies. The determ-
ing factors of the decisions to be made Saturday night, have been chosen and are as named in yesterday’s Exponent. All co-eds entered in the competition this week-end are requested ^0 report to the ballroom at 4 p.m. on Friday to receive* their final instructions on order of appearance and style of walking. Members of the Debris and Exponent staffs are not eligible to enter this contest./'m:
^diiffdadL
THE FUttDUE EXPONENT
Jo fitII ho A.
Friday, December 9, 1938
Travel Bureau... ... was fast becomiiig a reality last week as Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, pushed plans for its organization. The proposal struck an administrative block however, when Controller R. B. Stewart turned thumbs down on the proposal during two forty-minute interviews with Alpha Phi Omega representatives. Stewart pointed out that Alpha Phi Omega, and indirectly the University, might be held responsible if any accident happened to a group of students brought together by the bureau. Stewart suggested that Alpha Phi Omega place a card file or large book at the Union desk to bring together students seeking rides and students seeking riders, but that no organized campus group should directly sponsor a travel bureau as such. Statements which might absolve the driver from any responsibility and repudiate right of lawsuit would be held invalid in court. Certain insurance covers free passengers only and not passengers in a common carrier, depending upon the clause to this effect. Then^ too, although in Indiana a hitch-hiker or paid rider cannot sue the driver in case of an unforseen accident, this does not necessarily hold in all states. These and other legal ramifications justly cause University officials to cast a disapproving eye upon the travel bureau. As originally conceived, the bureau was to be a transportation clearing house at which both students seeking rides and car-owners idea, and Student Union also expressed its inOmega immediately started working on the seeking riders could register. Alpha Phi terest in the proposal. Student Union once started such a bureau, but it was short-lived and disbanded four years ago. Under present circumstances it appears that unless one of these groups can secure administrative approval for the project it will still remain only idle talk among students. There still appears a possibility that aside from a book at the Union desk one or two stu-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. CO-ED STAFF Editor.............. - Sally McKm Associate Editors — .Joy Johnson^ * ^ Georgeann Schilling, Betiy Wickard Editor-In-Chief...... ...H. I, Stanback Business Manager .....R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor...., L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editor8....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M, C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager...... E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager.. .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager.. W. E. Smith Art Director - D. J. Henninger SPORTS STAFF Editor... .R. L. McDonald Associate Editors ....j. - J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
RBPRBSKNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New^ York, N. Y. CHICA60 ■ Boston ' Los Anseles - sah Francisco This newspaper . is written, edited, .niid_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opin-: ions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Friday, December 9, 1938 Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Thompson
K
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidiiy
dents might undertake the bureau on their own and without a campus office, entirely independent from any University organization. —D. G. T,
Glider Club To Give Flying Show Sunday At University Airport Postponed from last Sunday on accoimt of unfavorable weather conditions, the flying show will be held definitely this Sunday afternoon at the University airport. Starting at 1 o’clock, students will participate in bomb dropping competitions and spot landing contests. All students who have their solo pilots license are eligible to com..pete. Captain Aretz, airport head, states that the Glider Club will put on a very interesting exhibition with the “Noiseless Wonders,” finishing oif with a thrilling contest on gliding technique. Barmes Addresses WSGA Sophomores Speaking yesterday at the WSGA sophomore training school meeting in the Union tower room, Libby ' Barmes stated that upper classwomen activities interviews would begin next semester. The purpose of the interviews is to find what activities co-eds are participating in and what ofiices they hold. The file for transfers and freshman students has been completed during the past six weeks. WSGA activities committee intends to interview all seniors before spring vacation. The juniors and sophomores will then be interviewed and a recheck on the freshmen will be made after vacation. These interviews are to be filed in both Dean Stratton's office and the WSGA office, to be used for placement reference. Dr. Young Addresses Nebraska Ag College Dr. E. C. Young of the University farm management department was in Lincoln, Neb., yesterday where he addressed the “Organized Ajgriculture” program sponsored by the Nebraska Colley of Agriculture. He discusse^d price and production relationships and the interest agriculture has in these relationships. Later in the day, Dr. Young discussed the principles of financing farm operations before a session on the general topic, “Inflation and Agriculture.”
Noted Authority On Fashions To TalkToCo-eds Co-eds will hear Julia Coburn, recognized fashion authority, at four o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. Miss Coburn will also be available from one until three p. m. for consultations with co-eds interested in business as a career. Miss Coburn, who is now head of the School of Fashion Careers in New York City, founded in 1937, with Tobe Coller Davis, the TobeCoburn School, first professional training school for fashion careers. She started her career as assistant in the advertising department of the LaSalle arid Koch Company in Toledo, where after four years she rose to the position of publicity director. After a year in Paris, she became director of the manufacturer’s fashion service of Harper’s Bazaar. She next organized the fashion syndicate of the Hearst newspapers, and was made fashion editor of the Ladies Home Journal in 1932. Card Club Features Contract Tomorrow Tomorrow evening the second in a series of University card club meetings will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union. ? With Prof, and Mrs. J. R. Wiley in charge, contract bridge will be played starting at 7:30 p. m.
Dean Of Art School To Lead Discussion Dean Rexford Newcomb will lead a discussion of “Student Art Appreciation” this afternoon, at 4 o’clock in rooms i and 2 of the Union Building. Newcomb, of the College of Fine Arts of the University of Illinois, will officiate at the meeting to which both students and faculty members are invited. Iowa State College, Ames University, and several junior colleges of Chicago have instituted art appreciation under the supervision of Dr. Newcomb. Discussion of the possibility of establishing such a course at Purdue will also be discussed at the meeting.
While strolling down Waldron the other night, we noticed that the usual number of gas buggies were parked in front of the Kappa house, but there wasn’t one in front of the Chi 0 house. DOTTY MILLER must be living at BAlCER’S again, or are all the boys walking these days, DOTTY? Speaking of the more important things brings us to none other than that quiet little romance going on over there in the corner between Kappa TREVA BERRY and Beta HUB BOYER. And while we’re on the subject, there is a case of GEORGE WILDHACK. He walks around with that dejected look. GEORGE certainly has trouble keeping his women ... and in a booth at the opposite side of the Shop sits MARlAI^f ALTHER with all of her fair sisters. Now that Christmas is upon us again, it is time to suggest the handsome prospects for those famous Christmas formals. The eligible men have many qualities ... DICK POTTER . . . football star, handsome, brave, winning smile, quiet... BILL SMITH . .. scholar, gentle, takes defeat ,with a smile . . . BENNY BURNS . . . loud, not too brilliant, innocent, stellar comedian . . . DICK DeMARS . . . activities shot, understanding personaltity, cry on Dick’^ shoulder, he’ll let you, personality smile . . . ROSS DREVER .... wears tails well . . . TED CABONARGI . . . smooth, clean cut, wears cheeked shirts, ought to be good for a formal occasion . . . SULLY MASON . . . ought to be a good bet for some coed Union Vice-President . . . JOHN DEAN ... hands out a nice line ... ask CAROLINE SHAW about it, but maybe it isn’t so very good or at least maybe this activities Bureau shot BILL BREUER has a bet-
ter one.
It looks like BEVERLIE RICE is taking her acting seriously—at any rate the leading man, Dracula, is certainly getting in that league. Whaf are you going to do about that Delt pin BEVERLY ? ? PETER is scouting around and will give list of ithe better eligible co-eds—^with qualities— in tomorrow’s paper.
'■■•Un * jo*
Bjodlcatc, iBe.
“He’s really a wonderful doctor—only this morning he said we look more like sisters than mother and daughter!” ^
Initiates Ptedges Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, held initiation seirvices for 23 pledges at 6:30 in the tower room of the Union last night. The initiates were then welcomed into the organization at a banquet held in the old chestnut room. Dean Enders and represeni^atives of all departments of the school of science were guests. Dr. Hass spoke on “The Spirit of Science,” emphasizing tolerance of opinions. R. R. Hannas, president, announces the following initiates: D. R. Bahler, Mary Beko, A. V. Cohee, Lucy Demoret, M. S. Estey, L. B. Fishman, R. G. Goodin, J. A. Hebbeler, E. Kammerling, N. A. Maier, K. L. Maxwell, Janette Morris, Katherine Mounce, R. F. Munro, T. V. Parke, Georgianna Pittman, Katherine Pultz, D. W. Sherwood, Helen Steffee, S. P. Steinbach, R. C. Walter, Betty Wickard, and Mariana Wilson. O'Shea To Return After
Independents Plan 31 Pledges Participle Ledures At Stephens
Ward Trade Dinners Zouaves initiation
Purdue ward associations are planning inter-ward trade dinners between independent co-ed and ed boarding houses. First of these is scheduled for next Monday evening when the Hub trades with Coedda. Thursday night, Marwood trades with the Lock-out house.. In each case, half the girls will go to the boys’ house, and half the boys will visit the co-ed house. Ward officials also plan interward tea dances in the near future. By these affairs, ward leaders expect to develop more student friendships through social activity.
Thirty-one pledges participated in the formal initiation of the Purdue Order of Zouaves held in the Armory last night. Following the presentation of decorations, the new pledges were addressed and welcomed by Captain Frank Hurst. The rough initiation was carried out Wednesday night when the pledges went through their routines in the Armory. The initiation was climaxed by a march to the Union, where a wooden rifle drill was presented in the mairi corridor. The pledges were then led outside and administered a sound wallop with a wooden rifle.
Dr. Harriet O’Shea, personnel director fot Purdue wotnen, returns tomorrow from Columbia, Mo., where she has been conducting a
umnsem
TODAY-SAT.
wCtAUwls STONE Mickey RQONEV Cecilia PARKER Fay HOLDEN Direpted by iGeoige B. Seiii
CHRISTMAS-VACATION special train Christmas vacation doesn’t last forever. Vacation will begin earlier if you travel the Wabash-Pennsylvania Railroad Route. Special train and special rates for eastern cities. Leave Lafayette, Wabash Station, 4:45 p. m., CST, Dec. 21. Arr. Ft. Wayne 7:15 p. m., CST, Dec. 21. ^ Arr. Pittsburgh 1 ;15 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr, Harrisburg 7:30 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. Philadelphia 9:45 a. m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. Newark 11:35 m., EST, Dec. 22. Arr. New York 11:55 a. m., EST, Dec. 22, For Information Gall Ticket Office: Telephone 7755. WABASH
JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS OPENS EIGHTH GRADE AND HIGH SCHOOL Sat., Dec. 10th, 7:00 P. M. * DEPORTMENT AND BALLROOM DANCING PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
See Elmer, he will be assisted by junior and senior floricultural students at Purdue. Latest in floral designs and artistic arrangements. Under Management of Elmer Bowman The Purdue Flower Shop Across from Purdue Stale Bank on State Street Phone 2774
ARC
tObAY-SAT.
— with — Robert Paige Jacquelin Wells — and — BOB
A REPUBLiC RELEASE — Also — LONE RANGER, No. 3
series of individual conferences at Stephens College. Topics of Dr. O’Shea’s discussions included social relationships, emotional maturity, and the adjustments a college girl must make in a senior college or ^ university. At a Monday afternoon convocation Miss O’Shea was introduced to Stephens seniors by Dr. James BJ. Wood, president of the college. Later in the afternoon Miss O’Shea spoke to the junior class. Following an advisers’ confer^ ence this morning, a farewell luncheon will be held at the Country Club ^ in honor of Miss O’Shea. She will leave for West Lafayette early this afternoon.
LU»A TODAY-SAT. WILLIAM BOYD — in — PRIDE OF THE WEST •— and — BRIAN DONLEVY — in — SHARPSHOOTERS
MAEIt
TODAY-SAT.
DICK Powell OLIVIA eHavilland CHARLES WINNINGER ALLEN JENKINS BONITA GRANVILLE MELVILLE COOPER
NEW ^4 Main
TODAY ~ TOMORROW Double Feature
T?¥KyT0KI.iWi-
Friday# December 9, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Boxing Tournament Begins Tonight In Fieldhouse
16 Unified Men Will "
Try For Berths On Golden Gloves Team
Swimmers Will Attend Fort Lauderdale's Aquatic Forum During Christmas Recess
Sixteen untried boxers, some of * them admittedly a little bit nervous, are prepared to enter the Fieldhouse ring for the opening round of the annual elimination tournament ^ tonight at 7:30. Another card a week from tonight will end the in-ter-school hostilities and the two survivors in each class will be en- * tered by “Punchy” Maxwell in the Lafayette Golden Gloves tournament as representatives of the Uni- ^ versity. As an added attraction. Coach Maxwell has arranged two exhibition matches which will have no bearing on thp selection of the Golden Gloves candidates. In these bouts G. W. Marson, at 136, will meet Bradley, at 145 pounds, and « Dilts will oppose J. K. Lord with respective weights of 165 and 175 pounds. Bacharach, Hardesty, and Dilts, ^ representatives of Lafayette in the finals of the Golden Gloves matches last year at Chicago, as well as * Lyles, who was kept out of the finals by an eye injury, will fight for the Boilermakers again this season but have been kept out of the tournament in order to give the new men a better chance to develop. One of the outstanding bouts on f the card tonight, according to “Punchy,” will be the meeting of B. S. Jackwicz, a promising heavyweight at 195, with Pence, who is f to weigh in at 185 pounds. Other matches on the card are F. O. Slate Vs. B. E. Threlfall in the 118 pound class; R. V. Youkey vs. P. H. Scha- < fer at 147; R. V. Keller vs. P. E. Keffaber also at 147; J. B. Burkhardt vs. G. W. Dietz at 170; Fultz ^ vs. Grubbs at 112; and Burkholder vs. Freeman at 175 pounds.
Intramural Musings
By Jim Hebbeler Wednesday and Thursday brings forth fraternity swimmers to do or die for the dear old frat. Theta Chi triumphed in last year’s struggle and will be out to add a few points to its participation total, which should help, since they are finalists in touchball. The events included are 50, 100, and 200 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke and back stroke races, 200 yard relay and medley relay events, and fancy diving. The Betas are showing the boys how in the fraternity squash tournament now being held. With Messmore, Ferris, and Dale, all out for the varsity team but not quite good enough for first string, as the Beta team, they have wiped up on the ATOs and SAMs in straight games. Phi Kappa Psi has also won both of its matches. All of the second round matches are not finished as yet, but will be completed by tomorrow, with the third and final round coming up next week.
Last year’s fraternity basketball champion has dropped one game already. The defending titleholder. Sigma Pi, lost their first round battle. Runnerup in 1937, SAE, triumphed in the opening game, however. This is one tournament scheduled for a long run. The last round games will not be completed until the second semester.
4 ■
FOR MEN ONLY » The Fashion's Xmas Gift Selections will surely please her Remembrance priced gifts from a shop that suplies her finest wearing apparel, has that something about it that only the most careful selection gives to better things. NEGLIGEES . . . Hostess Coats — House Robes Beautiful Satins, Silks, Brocades, Chenilles, Flannels. A Gift she will love to receive. ^ $3.98, $5.98 up to $16.98 LINGERIE . . . Gowns, Pajamas, Slips, Etc. Exquisite undies, the very gift every woman hopes she will get plenty of. $1.98, $3.98 up to $7.98 HOSIERY . . . Gold Stripe and Tide-of-Fashion’s The Nation's outstanding branded lipe and our own special hosiery. From the very sheer to sturdy service. 79c, $1.00 up to $1.65
BLOUSES • SWEATERS • SKIRTS JACKETS • SKI and SKATING SUITS GLOVES • SCARFS • HANDBAGS From a 25c Kerchief to a $500 Fur Coat WRAPPED FOR CHRISTMAS GIVING
Purdue University’s swimming squad is expected to be well represented among the fiOO swimmers and swimming authorities who will attend the fourth annual Fort Lauderdale Aquatic Forum, which this year has been dedicated to “Peace Through Athletics.” The forum, sponsored by the College Swimming Coaches Association, will open December 17 and continue through
January 2.
Secretary of State Cordell Hull and the Minister of Finland to the United States have been invited to give the principal addresses at the “Peace Through Athletics” pageant to be held December 26. Leading the discussion programs will be such men as Matt Mann, University of Michigan coach; Mike Peppe, Ohio State coach; R. J. H. Kiphuth, 1936 Olympic swimming coach; L. W. LaBree, Purdue University coach; Gonzalo Silverio, Cuban Olympic coach; Howie Steppe, director of life saving of the American Red Cross; James Reilly, of Rutgers; John^Miller, Mercersburg Academy, and Jack Persons, |Duke
University.
During these valuable discussions the swimmers from Purdue, Ohio State, Michigan, Wisconsin, Kenyon, Duke, Cornell, Colgate, Rutgers, Illinois, Lehigh, Franklin & Marshall, Columbia, Dartmouth, and many other institutions will go through daily training in the spacious Fort Lauderdale Casino pool.
Lambert Centers Attention On Flaws In Netmen's Defense
Phi Kappa Taus Hand Theta Chis 12-6 Defeat; Third Title In Last Four Years
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL TodayCourt 1—^Witsman. 7 00—Ward 3Z vs. Ward 12X. 7.16—Ward 7X vs. Ward 8X. 8:26—Cary Hall 7 va. Cary Hall 10. 8:40—Ward 14A vs. Ward lA. Court 2—Aronson 7 .00—Ward IIB vs. Ward 13 7:16—Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 9. 8:26—Ward llA vs. Ward 6A. 8:40—Ward 8X vs. Ward 14. Court 8—Smithson. 7:00—Ward lOX vs. Ward IX. 7:16—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 8. 8 '26—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 6 8 40—Caiy Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. SQUASH Today Thiee man team from each house: Courts 1, 2 and 3— 7 '00—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Triangle 7 :46—Ply Kappa Tau vs. Theta Xi 8 30—Alpha Gamma Rho va. Beta Sigma Psi. 9 16—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi.
Spanish Peanuts
Lb. 20c
DAD’S
Jumbo Redskins
Lb. 25c
PLACE
Cashew Nuts
Lb. 50c
So
Choc. Cov. Peanuts
Lb. 20c
Handy
It's Time
Right Now!
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
To start getting your wardrobe all in nice shape for the Christmas Holidays. Take EVERYTHING home in shape, cleaned, and pressed, and ready to wear. For you’ll want it, and You’ll Be Proud to Step Out with the Home Folk—and My, Oh My! —but they’ll be proud of YOU You will like the American’s work. Send things NOW.
WAA News
Determined to patch up the many defects which were too apparent in Wednesday’s encounter with the frosh. Piggy Lambert drilled his varsity netters in the fundamentals of offense and defense at last night’s practice (Session. This year’s squad seems to be lacking in the speed and pep which have been the strong points of the previous Purdue quintets. Piggy’s main problem on defense has been to git his players back soon enough to get set for an enemy* offensive drive. A few of the faster men have been able to do this, but it takes the entire team to defend the basket effectively. Another Lambert problem is inaccuracy in shooting for the basket. Several of the varsity players hit the basket consistently during practice but failed to connect when pitted against the frosh. All of the defects can be mended through intensive drill and experience, which is exactly what Piggy intends to do. The frosh game gave him an excellent chance to study the Boilermakers under fire and to discover the weak points. Strenuous drill in each phase of the game and in coordinating them is Piggy’s solution for the Boilermaker basketball problem. Y Club To Sponsor Annual Blanket Hop Selection of “P” club king and queen will be one of the high spots of the “P” Men’s blanket hop scheduled to be held in the Union ballroom Saturday, January 7, following the Purdue-Northwestern basketball game. Michael Hauer’s band from Dayton, 0., will furnish the syncopations. Hauer played for the Homecoming mixer two years ago. According to Nate Poulos, hop chairman, the king and queen will be chosen by purchasers of the advance sale tickets. Queen will be selected from several nominees to be published by the club in the Exponent in the near fyture. King will be chosen from members of the club. Dress for the Blanket Hop will be semi-formal; formal for co-eds and and informal for men.
WAA intramural and recreational activities are scheduled during the week on the following days. Starred activities may be participated in any time the space facilities are free. MONDAY 4:00 to 5:30—^*Badminton, *deck tennis, dance, fencing, ’"pingpong, ’"shuffleboard. 6:15 to 9:00—Riflery for Ward VI, Ward I, WRH-N, Thaeles. 7:30 to 9:00—Faculty badminton. Tuesday 4:00 to 5:30—Swimming, volleyball, tumbling. 6:15 to 9:00—Riflery for Ward II, Alpha Xi, WRH-S, Alpha Chi. 7:30 to 9:00—-Triton club. Graduate club. Wednesday 4:00 to 5.30—Swimming, volleyball, dance. 6:15 to 9:00—Riflery for Ward III, Kappa, Pi Phi, (Make Up). 7:30 to 9:00—PWC Badminton. Thursday 4:00 to 5:30—Swimming, volleyball, tumbling. 6-15 to 9:00—Riflery for Pedahon, Phi Mu, Chi 0, Theta (Mal^e Up). 7:30 to 9:00—Rec. swimming, badminton club. FYiday 4:00 to 5:30—’"Badminton, '"deck tennis, dance, fencing, ""pingpong, ’"shuffleboard, swimming. Girls going out for badminton or deck tennis meet in either the gym or the balcony. Those going out for dance, shuffleboard, or volleyball meet m the gym. Fencing and tumbling groups meet in the balcony. Rifle groups meet on the rifle lange; ping pong meet in the gym, hygiene room, or archery range. Swimming groups will meet in the pool. The campcraft group will spend Saturday afternoon at the WAA Cabin. They hope to build an outdoor fire in order to cook their supper. There was a call out for tumbling yesterday. However, anyone interested may still come. Jo Cook is in charge.
Playshop's 'Dracula'--(Continued from page 1) the lights go low or Renfield starts his wild gibberings. Lighting Effects Good Skillful sound and lighting effects combine to set up genuinely thrilling moments of suspense. Only comedy relief to the terror is provided by cockney-accented Butterworth as Renfield’s keeper in his short escapade with maid Miss Wells, portrayed by Beverlie Rice. The audience had one strike on Playshop before curtains parted, for a large percentage of them had seen “Dracula” as a movie, and were acquainted with the plot and its outcome. Nevertheless, the cast made plenty of pulses jump in increasing tempo to the age-old, terrible thought of “Vampire!” A limited number of tickets will be available at the doors tonight at seventy-five cents each and in the Eliza Fowler Hall rear office from 3 to 6 today.
After spotting their opponents one touchdown, the Phi Kappa Taus came from behind to defeat the Theta Chis 12-6. It was the third time in four years that the Northwestern street boys have annexed the fraternity touchball title. The game which was played last night under the lights of the varsity practice field, was reduced to a strictly passing game by the muddy condition of the field. Slippery going was responsible for several unsuccessful threats by both teams, as time and time again receivers were unable to reach passes because of the soft underfooting. The Theta Chis kicked off to the Phi Kappa Tau’s 20 yard line to start the game. On the third play, Fisher’s pass was intercepted by Theta Chi’s Fuller whose 30-yard heave to Vernon was good for the first touchdown. A few minutes later another Phi Kappa Tau pass was intercepted, this time by Andstrand who managed to wiggle to the 20-yard line. At this point the Phi Tau’s defense tightened up and a fourth down pass was grounded in the end zone. Midway in the first half, Fisher threw a 60-yaid pass to Osterling which was good for a touchdown, knotting up the score at 6-6. From then on till the closing minutes of the half the game seesawed back and forth between the two teams. With only a few minutes remaining in the first period, a Phi Kappa Tau punt was fumbled and recovered on the 20-yard line by Scully. Three short passes advanced the ball to the seven yard marker where the half ended. Two plays after the second half had begun, Motz passed to Forbes who caught the ball in the end zone putting the Phi Taus on the big end of a 12-6 score. Protecting their lead by punting, the Phi Kappa Taus kept the play in Theta Chi territory for most of the remaining time. With about four minutes remaining. Fuller ran a Phi Tau punt back to the Tau’s 20-yard line. Four passes were incomplete and the ball was lost on I downs. A beautiful punt by Fisher put the ball back on the Theta Chi 18yard line from where it was advanced only to be lost on downs at midfield. A short pass attempted by the Phi Tau’s failed just as the game ended.
First Annual - (Continued from page 1) direction of Pi'of. Lommel, D. Moomaw, and D. O’Harrow, of the State Planning Board. Robert Randall, member of the National Resources Committee, and L. F. Moorman, Did^ctor. State Planning Board, led the other topic, “The Public Works Program.” Co-operating societies in the school were the Indiana Planning Board, the Municipal League of Indiana, and the American Society of Planning Officials.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HIJNECK^S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
1
LINEUP
Phi Kappa Tau
Pos.
Theta Chi
Forbes . . .
E .
Andstrand
Bremer
E ...
Vance
Scully
G
Shreiner ,
Melton
G .
. Bone ’
Miller
C
. ... Morris
Motz
B
. Beers
Fisher .
B
Fuller
Hargesheimer
B
. Tred’frell
Osterling
B
Vernon3kcaL (Ml.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
y>
Friday, December 9, 1938
University Glee Club Leaves Tommorrow For Chicago
Radio Headliners
A1 Stewart’s Thirty-Eight Men... . . . who compose the University Glee Club, scheduled to sing two programs this week. Tomorrow morning, they will have a spot on the Ag Alumni broadcast over WLW from 7:30 to 8:15. Originating in Memorial Gymnasium, the program will go by special wire to Cincinnati. Immediately following this broadcast, the club will leave by chartered bus for Chicago, where they will play a major part in the entertainment program at the annual formal banquet of the Indiana Society of Chicago.
Brawl To Revive - (Continued fx’om page 1)
Party, Jerry Ciral, announced last hight that “free drinks will be served to all couples at the Boilermakers’ Brawl . . . even to; members of the Boilerinaker Party.” Progressive Cider The Progressives will hang out in the reception room—across the hall fi-om the Boilermaker location. There Jerry and another bartender —appropriately decked out in handlebar mustaches and all the trimmin’s — will ladle out 100% ... cider. , Novel entertainment of some sort is also promised by the Progressive politicians. Chief SDX Engineers Bill Feldman and Bob Gilbert reported great progress with their scientific gadgets which will be displayed tonight for the edification of attending Boilermakers. “We’ve practically finished the construction of a suck-o-meter, a blowmeter, a magnetostrictor, a thermo-couple-couch, and a schephrenemanometer,” said Bob yesterday afternoon. “We’re going to have them working in A-^1 condition at the Brawl.” Decorations Student Union workers will complete the decorations for the dance and install them this afternoon. In addition to various fixtures representing old Bowery Avenue, the Union has built a backdrop in the form of a bar which will extend entirely around the band platform. Exposer Final copy for the Exposer goes to the printer this morning so that the Brawl tabloid may be published this afternoon and distributed to dancers tonight. Approximately 200 square inches of the Exposer will be devoted to camera shots of students in exposing situations. Campus scandal and humor wdll accompany the pictorial close-ups. Almost one complete page of the tabloid will disclose in a series of pictures and written description “A Day at Purdue with a Campus Big Shot.” There readers will see a typical BMOC and the female company he associates with in a routine day. Extra Exposers Several extra copies of the Exposer will be printed and sold outside the Union during the dance. Any remaining sheets will be placed on sale at the west Union desk Saturday morning. Students attending the Brawl tonight will be eligible for a number of prizes concerning costumes and beards. The nian with the best allround beard will get a ticket refund, as will the couple dressed in mo.st Boweryish fashion. Other prizes go tonight to the men with the reddest beard, the curliest bear’d, the beard most-like^ peach-fuzz, and the most baby-like complexion. Other costume prizes will be announced at the dance.
Jacobson Names Commitlees For Activities Bureau Leon Jacobson, head of the Activities Bureau, last night announced the formation of the following committees for work in that activity. They are to begin work today at 4 p. m. and should report to their activities leader at that time for assignments. 'i'he committees are: Carl Lutz, junior manager—Voekel, Rhodehamel, Pabst, Gabler, Plummer, Meurer, and Hayes. Don Smith, junior manager— Robson, Smith, Applegate, Beddoe, Musser, Geer, Alderman, Suneson, Bowman, Hildenbrand, and Johpson. Georgianna Baker, junior secretary—^Moore, Andrews, Funsett, Lemon, Meagher, Morgan, Stewart,
Martin, Katfila, Kolar, Stewart, Barlow, Hamilton, Feld, and Rae. Althea Jof ge.son, junior secretary —Hays, Rehm, Brody, Kirkpatrick, Wilson, Shaw, Darr, Gipe, Wise, Brookman, Edwards, and Fink. Bill Breuer, junior manager—■ Hoover, Mooire, Houser, Ralston, Wright, Feil, Siljander, Wilson, Bass, Burkhardt, and Ells. Seniors Get Debris Pictures By Xmas “Pictures ordered from the Dex-heimer-Carlon studios in Indianapolis will be delivered C. O. D. to owners at their school addresses before the Christmas holidays,” Debris Editor Fred Winter said yesterday. Editor Winter issued this statement in answer to numerous requests of seniors for their pictures.
—FRIDAY— 12:20 p. m.—Luncheon dance time, WBAA. 12 :30 p. m.—Midday melodies, WCFL. 4 :00 p. m.—Contract bridge chats, WBAA. 4 :00 p. m.—^Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 4 -.00 p. m.—Concert miniature. WMAQ. 4 :16 p. m.—Chuck Shank’s orchestra, WLM^, 4 :16 p. m.—iSwingtime serenade, WENR. 4 :30 p. m..—Tea time tunes, WFBM. 6:4B p. m.—Sophie Tucker and her show, WBBM. 6 ‘.00 p. m.—Artie Shaw’s orchestra, WENR. 6 :15 p. m.—Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra, WMAQ. 6:15 p. m.—Concert orchestra, WON. 6 :15 p. m.—Pour stars tonight, WLW. 6:30 p. m.—Wonder show with Ted FioRito’s orchestra, WBBM. 6 :46 p. m.—Emery Deutsch’s orchestra, WMAQ. 7 :00 p. m.—Cities Service concert with Lu- \ cille Manners and Frank Black’s \ orchestra, WMAQ. 7 :1)0 p. m.—Johnny Presents with Ray \ Block’s orchestra, WLW, WGN. 7 ;00 p. m.—First Nighter, WBBM. 7:30 p. m.—Burns and Allen with Ray Noble’s orchestra, WBBM. 8 :00 p. m.—Waltz time with Frank Munn and Abe Lyman’s orchestra, WMAQ. 8 :00 p. m.—Campbell Playhouse with Orson Welles, WBBM. 8 :46 p. m.—Anson Weeks’ orchestra, WGN. 9 :00 p. m.—Lady Esther serenade with Guy Lombardo’s orchestra, WMAQ. 10:00 p. m.—Tommy Dorsey’s orchestra, WBBM. 10 :00 p. m.—Heidelberg concert orchestra, WGN. 10 :15 p. m.—Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra, WENR. 10 :15 p. m.—Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN. 10 :30 p. m.—Earl Hines’ orchestra, WENR. 10 :30 p. m.—-Lou Breese’s orchestra, WMAQ. 10 :45 p. m.—Leighton Noble’s orchestra, WBBM. 11:00 p. m.—Abe Lyman’s orchestra, WBBM. 11 ;00 p. m.—-Sammy Kaye’s orchestra, WGN. 11 .‘00 p. m.^—Moon River, WLW.
Classified Mds
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Gold Elgin 41344. Reward.
wrist watch. ; Call
LOST—Jeweled Pi Phi pin. Union ballroom. Reward. Augusta Hite. Call 2856.
FINDER please return log-log duplex slide rule bearing name Ira V. French. Call 31722. ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—Single or double, new home, attractively decorated, new furniture, recreation room fully equipped, on car line. 110 E. Stadium Ave. Phone 35271.
FOR RENT—Single or double room down stairs. Lady graduate students preferred. 131 South Grant St.
P0rhaps
/,
you think it is a bit early to advertise Christmas presents. Mister Merchant. But, now is the time that students are doing most of their buying. Your ads in the EXPONENT will do your selling.
■zz
rz
THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone —5038
ROOM FOR RENT—-219 Waldron. Block from campus. Man, student, or business man.NICE LARGE ROOM with board, block from campus. 219 So. Grant St.
MISCELLANEOUS
typewriters—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F, Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Student Co-operative Association: All purchasing agents and interested members are invited to come to the Luma House at 4:00 p. m. on December 9, to meet Mr. Mc- . Allister, manager of the Co-operative Wholesale Company, Inc. —BURTON. '
“P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, December 18, at 7 :30 p. m. at the D. U. house. —ANDERSON.
HOPKINS MOTOR SERVICE—Storage and repairs; 24 hours service. We call for and deliver. 331 South St. Phone 8069.
Notices
Mixed Swim: Friday, December 9, at 7:80 in the Women’s Gym. Everyone invited. Men must pay ten cents for use of towel and suits. —MORRIS. Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to Hart in the Engineer office Friday, December 9, at 4:00 p. m.: Richardson, Harper, McElroy, Horth, Newman, Martihek, Leckie, Lawler. —HART.
Biding Club: Supper ride Sunday, December 11, starting from the stables at 3:30 p. m. Those wishing tb go call Summers 4944. —SUMMERS. ,
Union Sophomores: All available Union Sophomore workers report to the workshop as early as possible Friday afternoon, December 9. Important. —WILLIAMSON.
ASME Members: Meeting in the tow* room of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. December 16. Dean Dukes will be the principal speaker. —CLUTTER.
Debris Beauty Contestants: Rehearsal Friday, December 9, at 4:00 p, m. in the reception room of the Union. Please'be on time. The contest will begin at 7 :00 p. m. instead of 7:30 p. m. as previously announced. —McNEIL.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: All themes must be turned in to me by 6 p. m. Friday, December 9, at the Phi Kappa Psi house. —CLUGSTON. i-
Union Sophomores; Will our committees please meet in the Union workshop Friday, December 9, at 4 p. m. —COOPER, KANY.
Wesley Foundation: Christmas party Friday, December 9, at 8 p. m. Bring old clothes and furniture that could be used by some needy person. —HORNE.
Modem Dance Groups: Practice of both' advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women's Gym at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN.
CE 41: Examination for the removal of C grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, December 10, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be secured from the undersigned before December 9. —GREVE.
Cadet Officers: Last chance to buy tickets for Christmas luncheon will be Friday, December 9, at 4 p. m., in the Armory or the main lobby of the Union. —LEVIN.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 801 on' Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
The Best Dressed Girl on the Campus! Why? Her clothes are neat; clean, attractive; she keeps them that way by sending them frequently to a reliable cleaner. She knows she will always get the best service if she sends them to
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
the P^rdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Florists
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Mam Phono 5701
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Photography
Make your Christmas Gifts personai. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette, Ind.