Today's Editorials
Develop Reasoning
Power.
Football Pool.
Purdue
T? X Exponent
FRIDAY
April 14,1939
Loloyette, Indiana
V0I.SO
No. 156
Scabbard And Blade P»etty
Best Soldier Finals
To Be Held April 29
Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest finals will be held at 1 p. m. Saturday, April 29, in the Armory. At the present time about 400 freshmen, and 160 sophomores are entered in the contest. The men enrolled are gradually being eliminated by the Scabbard and Blade members who check up on the individuals during command hours. By this process the organization hopes to have the number of finalists reduced to a workable group for the end of the contest on the 29th. The procedure on the afternoon of April 29 will roughly be as follows : Entrants will be given a written test covering the fundamentals of the military course, separate tests being administered to freshmen and sophomores. Then individually they will be tested on the floor of the Armory in their knowledge of gun drill, materiel, and dismounted drill. Five men in each class will receive medals and citations with five more men who are runners-up receiving citations.
WAA Penny Carnival Tonight Wiii Feature Worid's Fair Theme
Get down your penny banks for the WAA penny carnival tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. Carrying out the idea of the World’s Pair, it will feature a midway, penny concessions, and barkers. Sororities will have booths representing countries or games. Prizes will be given for the best booth and for the booth taking in the most money. At different times during the evening, exhibitions of modern dance, fencing, and tumbling will be given. Starting at nine o’clock, a radio dance will be held.
Singer Martha Lommel, who will take the bandstand in the Union ballroom tonight with Harry McCrady’s orchestra at the Chi Omega formal. Senior Farewell Dance, the affair will last from 9 o’clock till midnight.
This carnival is sponsored by the WAA and Sportswomen. The money will be used to buy new equipment for the gym, the cabin and the WAA room. It is not necessary to have an escort in order to come according to an announcement made by Jeanette Shaffer, president of Sportswomen.
PIA To Have Spring
Julien Bryan, Cameraman, To Show Movies At Convo
Open House Planned
Banquet Next Friday On 'inside Nazi Germany'
For Friday> May 5
Plans for the annual University Open House, which will be held on Friday afternoon and evening. May •5, are under way. Although Open House is planned as a feature of Gala Week when hundreds of alumni and former students will return to/the campus, it is primarily for the general public which has the opportunity to see the university actually at work. During the afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock the different departments will be open for public inspection while class work is under way. In addition, the residence halls for both men and women will be open and those who wish may inspect these living quarters. Another feature will be a Purdue-Indiana baseball game. On Friday evening from 7 to 10 o’clock, class work and special demonstrations, performed by both students and faculty, will be given. Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, is chairman of the general committee in charge.
Open to all members, the annual Spring Banquet of the Purdue Independent Association will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 6:30 p. m., Friday, April 21.
Following the meal and an address by a speaker who will be announced later, activity keys will be awarded to members who have worked satisfactorily on committees throughout the year. The winners of the Southworth Script Trophy, and the Lamb Trophy awarded to the most active freshman, and the “Deac” Reisner Trophy, given to the PIA senior with the highest scholastic index, will be announced and the cups turned over to their new owners.
Julien Bryan, veteran cameraman, will present his pictures, “Inside Nazi Germany,” uncensored candid motion picture film, in Memorial Gymnasium next Wednesday night at 8 o’clock. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocations committee announced last night that all student passports will be honored and single admissions may be obtained at the door for 60 cents. By his wanderings through the countries of Europe and the Orient, Bryan has become quite a competent and renowned political observer. He will supplement his pictures with his observations.
Tickets for the banquet will go on sale at the PIA office on Monday, Api’il 17, at the price of 60 cents.
Bryan is a graduate of Princeton and saw war service as an ambulance driver at the age of 17.
Article By Templin, Steer
Theta Epsilon To Hold Convention
Appears In Speech Journal
George Young, Forestry '38, has been hired as wood technologist with the Adler Manufacturing Co. of Louisville, Ky. Norman Gamso and C. A. Brown, both ’38 Forestry have accepted positions with the Southern Kraft Corporation of Camden, Ark. Glen E. Hildebrand, also of the class of '38, in Forestry, who has been with the Poinsett Lumber Co. of Trumann, Ark., has been advanced from wood technologist to schedule superintendent and Claude LeMasters, another of their number, has just been assigned to the Lewiston, Id., district of the CCC.
Theta Epsilon will be hostess tcT the fifth national convention of the Baptist College Women’s Sorority, April 15 and 16 on the Purdue campus. Representatives from Theta chapters in Iowa University, Kansas University, Iowa State University, Kansas Ag. College, the University of West Virginia, and State Teachers’ College, Cedar Falls, la., are expected to be here Saturday. The convention activities will include group discussions, a model initiation service by the Purdue chapter and a formal banquet followed by a party.
Phi Kappa Sigma...
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of J. H. Strange of Frankfort and E. R. Boedecker, of Fort Wayne.
“Studies of Growth of Speech of Pre-School Children,” the first of a series of articles published by the Purdue Speech Clinic, appears in this month’s issue of The Journal of Speech Disorders. Miss Mildred Templin, supervising clinician of the Speech Clinic, and Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the clinic, are the authors of the article. In obtaining this information the writers made a survey of the children in the Purdue Nursery School and the Lafayette Emergency Nursery School. Dr. Harriet O’Shea of the Department of Education and the heads of the nurseries cooperated in securing the information. The Journal also announced the appointment of Dr. Steer to the Committee on Education of the American Speech Correction Associa--tion for the period of 1939-42.
University Professors
Omicron Nu Pledges Eight New Members;
Assist In Preparing Test
Ceremony In Home Economics Auditorium
Omicron Nu, national home economics honprary, pledged eight new members yesterday at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium.
Lavender and pink flowers formed the background for the ceremony. Newly pledged members of the honorary are; Treva Berry, Joanne Edson, Janet Gaylord, Jeanne Hoi-witz, Rosemary Ince, Margaret Mitchell, Leota Peter, and Ann Sickman.
Pledges to the honorary are chosen from the upper one-fifth of the class'in scholastic rating during the first five semesters in college. Scholastic rating is mainly the basis for selection, but character, influence, and promise of future achievement are also underlying factors.
Omicron Nu was founded at Michigan Agricultural College (now Michigan State College) at East Lansing, Mich., in 1912. Purdue, Delta chapter, became a member of Omicron Nu in 1913. Purdue's chapter awards annually a medal to the freshman co-ed who has achieved the highest scholastic average, and who is the most outstanding in leadership and personality. Last year Shirley Anderson was awarded the medal. Initiation of pledges will be held Saturday, April 26, at 6:30 o’clock at the home of Dean Mary L. Matthews, with a dinner following. The pledges may be recognized by their pink and lavender ribbons.
Four members of the Purdue University staff, F. J. Allen, E. F. Degering, F. D. Martin, and L. A. Test are among the collaborators on the new 1939 Cooperative Chemistry Test which has been recently published by the American Coimcil on Education and is now being inade available to teachers of general chemistry in colleges and universities over the country. The test was prepared jointly by the Cooperative Test Service and the American Chemical Society through its division of Chemical Education. Dr. Degering is a member of the committee on examinations and tests.
Alpha Chi Rho...
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Robert L. Smith, of Franklin.
...Songsters Annual Futufc Farmers
Barbara Hillis, featured vocalist with Matt Mathews'* 10-piece band, which will play for the Union mixer in the ballroom Saturday night 9 till 12. Mathews brings his orchestra here from the University of Illinois and has played at fraternity dances on this campus several times. One dollar admission price will be charged.
Riding Club Sponsors
Mother's Day Program
Purdue Riding Club is planning a Gymkhana for the Mothers’ Day program May 14. The scene of the Gymkhana, which will take place in the afternoon, is to be the intramural field.
Definite plans have not been completed yet, but the following events are scheduled. Riding classes for men and women, which will be judged on the basis of how the riders handle their mounts are to be first on the program. Ribbons will be awarded to the winners.
Girls will participate in a balloon race. The object of the race is for one team to knock balloons off the shoulders of their opponents. A “musical chair” event and wrestling on horseback have been planned also for the Gymkhana.
250 To Attend 13th
Newman Conclave
Newman Clubs in the Ohio Valley Province will hold their thirteenth annual session in the Union Building the week-end of April., 28, 29, and 30. Short speeches will be given at the banquet Saturday by the Most Rev. John F. Noll, D. D. LLd., Bishop of Fort Wayne, Rev. Vincent Mooney, CSC, National Director of the NCWC Youth Bureau and Mai Elward, head football coach at Pui-due. Following the banquet there will be a dance with music by Harry McCrady and his band. The Newman Club Federation is an international organization of all Catholic students who are attending non-Catholic schools. The Ohio Province includes Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, Michigan and Tennessee. Edward J. Brennan, of Kent State University, will be in charge of all discussions and business sessions. A date bureau is being set up, and all local club members desiring dates should contact Parker Wynn, who is in charge. Two hundred and fifty delegates are expected to be present.
Staff Discusses Problems
ith Prominent Forester
Convention Ends Tonight
Opening session of the tenth annual state convention of the Indiana Association of the Future Farmers of America was marked by the attendance of over 200 delegates from all over the state. The first part of the meeting which began at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon, was taken up with seating of the delegates and carrying out the usual routine business matters. ■■■■■■■“ Later, Dr. Z. M. Smithy of the
Lark-Horovitz Trio
To Perform Sunday
Lark-Horovitz String Trio will present a seldom heard group of chamber music compositions written for violin, viola, and piano Sunday, April 16, in the music room. Beginning with a composition by the French composer, Leclair, a trio of Mozart’s music will be played, followed by Brahms’ famous horn trio. Today piano trios usually use a combination of violin, cello and piano, but in the period from Bach to Mozart, the viola was frequently used instead of the cello. In the modern times, Schumann and Brahms have used this combination again to great advantage. The piano part will be played by Mrs. Harletta Sasser, formerly of Lafayette, now of Grand Rapids, Mich. Miss Thelma Thrasher will be violist. The sister of Mrs. Sasser, she is well known in Lafayette music circles. The viola part will be played by Dr. Lark-Horovitz, of the University physics department.
Lecture Series Will
Start Sunday Before
Discussion Meeting
A series of addresses of unusual interest to every student will be started Sunday morning at 9:30 before the Student Discussion Group at the Central Presbyterian church.
This series of lectures will cover various fields of scientific and general interest. Each of the speakers will present the relationship of their own particular areas of research to the betterment of human life.
The first speaker will be Dean Freeman, who will speak on Agriculture next Sunday, April 16. He will be followed by Dr. M. G. Mellon on April 23. Dr. Mellon’s subject will be chemistry, and is to be followed by a lecture on sociology by Di-. A. A. Smith on April 30, one on medicine by Dr. F. S. Crockett, M. D., on May 7, and one on engineering by Prof. B. H. Petty on May 14. On May 21, Dr. E. H. Parfitt will speak on bacteriology, and Dr. G. H. Graves will discuss mathematics on May 28.
Red Cross Sponsors
Water Safety Class
R. B. Goodman, owner and operator of the Goodman Lumber Company of Goodman, Wis., is visiting on the campus today to discuss with members of the forestry staff, some of the forestry problems confronting the lumber industry and nation. The Goodman Lumber Company is well Icnown for applying sound forestry principles to the management of its lands. Goodman is the chairman of the Board of Commissioners of the Department of Conseiwation of Wisconsin. He is also a member of the society of American Foresters.
agricultural extension department led a discussion on current district problems. He was followed by Irvin Schenk and W. C. Haase, both of Evansville, who reported on the 1938 national convention at Kansas City.
The convention will continue this morning with special committee meetings beginning at 9 o’clock. The afternoon session will be followed by a banquet at 6 o’clock tonight in the dining room of the Home Economics Building.
Principal addresses of the evening will be given by Dr. F. B. Knight, of the education and applied psychology department, and James H. Pearson, of the office of education, Department of Interior.
At 8:30, the state public speaking contest for the Futm’e Farmers of America will be held in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. *
Dieticians To Meet
Here For Discussion
Members of the Indiana Dietetic Association will meet in the home economics lunchroom Saturday afternoon for a discussion of foods and nutrition problems. The Diet 'Therapy section of the state association, which is headed by Dr. Cecelia Schuck of the University foods and nutrition department, will be in charge of the meeting.
Preceded by a luncheon in the home economics lunchroom under the supervision of Miss Edith Gamble, the meeting will be formally opened by Dean Mary L. Matthews of the home economics school. The speakers to follow Dean Matthews will be Dr. Gertrude Sunderlin and Dr. L. Margaret Johnson of foods and nutrition department, and Miss Ruth Jordan, of the agricultural experiment station.
Following the series of addresses, the visitors will inspect the residence halls. Union cafeteria, and other points of interest on the campus.
Wesley Foundation
Will Hold Banquet
Wesley Foundation will give its annual banquet in the Home Economics Building 'Thursday evening, April 20. Speaker of the evening will be Dr. L. B. Moseley of Madison, Wis., and the theme of decorations and program is “windows.”
Classes for preliminary training in life saving and water safety are being conducted this week at the Fieldhouse by L. A. LaBree and Marion Russell in preparation for the visit of Special Life Saving Field Representative John E. Herndon. Herndon will give a one week course, beginning April 17, to candidates for appointment as Red Cross Life Saving Instructors.
All seniors who have taken part in the Wesley Foundation and the Methodist Chxirch will be recognized. James Ludberg and Julia Peek will represent the seniors, Kay Fosbrink the sophomore class, and William Harris the junior class.
Herndon is one of the Red Cross specialists devoting his time teaching life saving techniques to groups preparing them to deal with accidents occurring in the water and to prevent occurrence of the accidents where possible. The Red Ci*oss has set a goal—“Every American a swimmer, and every swimmer a life save^.”
Other speakers will be Dr. B. D. Beck of Terre Haute, president of the Board of 'Trustees, who will speak for the Board, and Dr. H. L. Creek, of the English department, who will speak for the faculty. Tickets are on sale at the Foundation office at 60 cents each, and all friends of the Foundation are invited to attend.
Aliriia Gamma Rho...
The Tippecanoe County American Red Cross chapter is arranging to have Herndon spend this week at the University.
. . . social fraternity announces the Section of the following officeie: Don Paarlberg, president; George Blocksom, vice-president; John Hackleman, rush chairman; Lowell Sample, secretary; and LaYeme Johnson, treasurer.
I
i
I
'"1I ■5' !<■
'Develop Reasoning Power... . . . instead of memory advocates latest Exponent good teacher R. B. Marshall, of the electrical engineering school. It seems to us that this advice should apply to about 80% of the courses taught at Pufdue. Also it seems that students could request no greater favor than this from their teachers. Problems met in industry or in business will require logic and reasoning, not memories of how the college professor did things. Students who depend on memorizing certain stock methods of solving problems or attacking projects will find themselves at a loss when new and untried situations arise. If a school serves merely to develop the ability to think in the right channels it has been far more successful than the institution which merely teaches textbook facts. Much discussion has transpired in recent years on the subject of bridging the gap between college and industry. This gap is almost entirely composed of the distance between memorizing and thinking. An engineer will use textbooks as tools, as dictionaries of facts. As Dean Potter is fond of saying, “if the engineers did not have to be thinkers and reasoners, bridges would be designed by high school girls with slide rules.” Newest Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas got his reputation as number one teacher of law because he guided his students over the extensive ground between the theoretical, straight-to-the-point law taught in college and the dull, grinding processes found in real-life courts. Engineers at Purdue need more training designed to make them fit to meet the unusual ^d brand-new problems industry will present. Football Pool... . . . operators at the University of Michigan were the object of a vigorous assault recently when a Circuit Court judge dealt out fines and warnings. Students filed charges against the pool operators when they refused to pay off after Michigan students won heavily one Saturday last fall. Purdue has come in for its share of these football pools in the last several years, although there has been no open advertisement of them. Odds sheets are passed around from
the Purdue Exponent Bantered as second elaee matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrreea of Mawh 8, 1879, and at the epectal rate of postasre prorlded for In eectlon 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorlaed January 20, 1022. Publfahed daUy except Monday duringr the resmlar academic year and wetekly durinyr the Summer Seesion. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mall •nhacription 88.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager —
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hcnsler
_L. B. Bardin
PUBLICATION STAFF Manaflny Edltor-i — -- ^ - City BJditor — ^ Associate Edltors_Q. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. BS. Insley, W. A. KroepHn, D. O. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple* R. Howard, C, Leber, R. Massey, J, McKee, C. McKelghan, M. Mlers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnslnees Manager . M. C. Reeves IjOcal Advertising' Manager —— Bl. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager -V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager-.— — H. W. Ne'Mn Accounts Manager —W. E. Smith Art Director - -D, J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate BMitors-
-Sally McKee Joy Johnson,
Editor— Associate Blditom
GMrgeann Schilling, BetW Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Boom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RBPRBSKNTBD poll NATIONAL ADVEftTlSINa BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York N. Y Chicaqo * Boston Loa anokles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All €>pinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewiKiint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-eh!ef. Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Howard Friday, April 14, 1939
hand to hand, but the actual operators of the gambling enterprise remain behind the scenes. Students would do well to consider the troubles Michigan eds had in collecting their winnings, $3,700 worth, before risking money on the fly-by-night pools that will circulate during future gridiron seasons.
and
By Georgaim Schilling
“You should see the decorations! They look like Hell.” No, we aren’t using profanity, but only quoting an SPE who described the decorations for their Hell Dinner Dance on this Saturday night at the chapter house. Irvan Maury’s band will play for the dance which will be held from 8 to 12. Incidentally, we hear that the programs are very subtle chaits which can be used to fill in a record of your date’s assets and liabilities as color of dress, smooching ability, and other events connected with the evening. —H-H— Just in case you’re mteiested in the social events scheduled for the rest of this month, we decided to touch a match to the social lamp today, and give you a glance at the coming big affairs. Tonight is the Chi Omega Senior Farewell Dance. Next Friday night the PIA members will have their annual spring formal, and on the following Friday night, April 28, the year’s final open co-ed bid dance, the Gingham Gallop, is scheduled. Saturday nights will be given over to the regular mixers. —H-H— In case the spiing is giving you romantic ideas, we suggest you read these words carefully. They originated at the University of Michigan . . . AN ENGINEER Verily I say unto you, marry not an engineer For the engineer is a strange being possessed of many devils; Yea, he speaketh eternally in parables which he calleth “formulas” and wieldeth a big stick . . . that he calleth a slide rule, and he has but one Bible ... a handbook. He talketh always of stresses and strains, and without end of thermodynamics. He showeth always a serious aspect and he seemeth not to know how to smile; And he picketh his seat in the car by the spiings therein and not by the damsel beside him. Neither does he know the waterfall except for its power, its horsepower rating. Nor the sunset except for her specific heat.
Always he carrieth his books with him, and he entertaineth his girl with steam tables. Verily, though his damsel expecteth chocolates, when he calleth he oppeneth the packages to disclose samples of iron. Yea, he holdeth his damsel’s hand, but only to measure the friction, and kisses to test viscosity. For in his eyes shineth a far-away look which is neither love nor longing . . . but a vain attempt to recall a formula. There is but one key dear to his heart, and that is the Tau Beta Pi key. And one love letter for which he yearneth . . . and that an “A.” And when to his damsel he writeth of love and signeth with crosses, mistake not these symbols for kisses. But rather, they aie unknown quantities. Even as a young boy he pulleth a gfil’s hair to test its elasticity but as a man he discovers different devices; Foi he would count the vibrations of her heart strings and reckon her strength of materials. For he seeketh ever to pursue the scientific investigations. And insciibeth his passion in a formula; And his maiiiage is a simultaneous equation involving two unknowns and yielding diverse answers.
1
WBAA
‘THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
—Today— 11‘00—Ameiican Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:50—Pm due News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultuial Forum. 12:15—Spoits Review, Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—Monitoi Views the News. 1:30—Youi World of Vision. 1:45—Maiket Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2-15—-Melody Moments. 2 30—Lanterns of China, Elizabeth Crump Enders. 2:45—Afternoon Music. 3:00—Purdue Women’s Club Ptogram. 3:30—Your Town and Mine. 4:00—Poetry and Pi'ose. 4:30—Radio Club. ?:46—Story Book Hour.
'I'LL GET REVENGE . . . . . WITHIN THE LAW!" BayardVeiller's ttage smasl^ now sto^^ims from the screen into your heart!
with RUTH HUSSEY TOM NEAL PAUL KELLY WILLIAM GAR6AN PAUL CAVANAOH RITA JOHNSON SAMUEL S. HINDS . . . LYNNE CARVER . . . SIDNEY BLACKMI^R |0 ANN SAYERS . ANN MORRISS
And to think that after all these years of hunt, peek, jiunt, and a few damns, I found right here in the office two budding, swell-ele-gant journalists, -
Don’t you think we definitely owe congrats and a couple of swigs to none other than JIM McKEE and DANDY DAN HEIPLE? Boys, here’s to you for a nifty job done on yesterday’s BOOTNOSE.
Come one, come all . . . right this way please, ladeez and youse guys ... at last we have that astounding wonderful, and well, just a flash. We are giving a free comp to the Mars theatre and one to the Lafayette each week for the best contribution sent in for the week. This is to include poetry, scandal, and well, use your own initiative but be sure and censor it ... at least that is the usual procedure.
G. A. A. PLAY DAY WAA has a full schedule for this spring. April 15 a GAA High School Play Day will be held in cooperation with West Side High School. Speedball will be the sport featured at DePauw on April 22. The occasion? Indiana State Play Day. WAA will be well represented.
SPRING SPORTS Spring sports are tops in everyone’s mind now that the weather promises to get a little waimer. Theie will be intramural and class cornpetition for those gills who like to get out and enjoy the out-of-doors. Barbara Cook is in charge of baseball, and a call-out is scheduled toi Monday, April 17. One practice lb required for intiamural competition
ARCHERY The call-out for aichery is Tuesday, April 18. Betty Morehouse is in charge According to Mary Mather, in charge of tennis, girls interested in the intiamural tennis doubles tournament should sign up in the Women’s Gym by April 20.
Yessir, he now knows all, sees all, and tells all. Anything for a free ticket . . . vas I right, BOOTNOSE?
Whoa, stop . . Our dearly beloved Ferdinand, he up and ... oh well, gosh anyhow, remember the old Ford Lizzy what pulled a trick on the coppers? My friends, may we announce ... no? Well, we will anyways. FERDINAND the BULL and his owner JOE DUPREE proudly announce the Birth of a Son FERDINAND JUNIOR (Ford touring 1928) P. S. Here’s a chance to go steady, girls!
MaiiI
—TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE A Fur Flying Romance of Hilarity! "BRINGING UP BABY" — with KATHERINE HEPBURN Cary Grant—Charlie Ruggles — PLUS —
ALSO MICKEY MOUSE
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:00 love story of worid’s foremost dancers! PenJttt MileiUeit
GRIN AND BEAR fT
‘Wake up, Fitzhugh! This is your birthday party—this is the night you wanted to roar!”
shapely pins but at least this one will piove 0. K. Might say that these may belong to that Eleanor Powell of this skooel, ALICE BYRNE. REMEMBER: Have fun but stay sober . . . enough.
By Betty Wickard
Show: “Sudden Money.” Where: Mars Theater, When: April 13-15. Haven’t you often wondered what happened to those sweepstakes winners you see in the newsreels after they collected their winnings ? Paramount Pictures investigated and the story of Sweeney Patterson and his family is the result. Charles Ruggles plays Sweeney, himself, in his own inimitable manner, while Marjorie Rambeau is his wife and Charley Grapewin plays philosophizing Grandpa Patterson. Every member of the family has his pet ambition which it is possible to achieve with the aid of the prize money. Sweeney reorganizes his
Jt
What do you think about these legs, fellows ? ? Plenty 0. K. right? Just picked them from the pony choius of the Mikado . . don’t guarantee that all eight of the girls have
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
ItONDGKAMBCn^
ALSO ‘FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS"
LUMA TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN PICTURES
20c to 6 then 10.20-2Sc
MARS LAST DAY
DOUBLE ATTRACTION
I hnannt nehn ultli CHARUE BUGGIES MtmOIIIE HAMBEAU ChHlti Grapewin ■ Evelyn Keyes Irederkk CnwfbrJ • BiBy lee —ALSO^ lUNGLE THRILLS NEVER BEFORE SEEN ON THE SCREEN “AFRICAN HOLIDAY” STARTING TOMORROW Cagney Rides...Shoots...Kills!
HUMPHREY BOGART • ROSEMARY UNE
high school band, Mrs. Patterson goes in for high-class modern art, ^ and Sweeney’s brother-in-law invents a sweepstakes system—all with equally comic and disastrous > results. A news feature takes us to far off Egypt where beautiful carved woodwork makes the shut-in life of the Egyptian beauties a pleasant one. ‘ > “African Holiday,” the second half of the double feature, is an absorbing account of an African tour. Charging elephants, native festivals and the life of pygmy tribes are shown in detail. Coach Addresses Club Elmer Burnham, head freshman football coach and instructor in '' physical education at Purdue University, will be the principal speaker before a Rotary Club luncheon ^ at Mitchell next Tuesday noon. Members of Mitchell High School basketball team which won its local sectional by beating Bedford, \ will be guests of honor at the meeting.'V‘', ' ‘ 'K'Uh
>Si|
'i’f® <¥‘,
Friday, April 14, 1939 Tennis Squad Works Out For Initial Match With I. S. Wednesday Getting its first taste of the clay courts this spring, Purdue’s tennis team turned out for almost the first thorough workout of the year with all lettermen showing up with the exception of Herb Fuente who is on an inspection trip. Veterans Dave Blitz, Tom Jackson, and Charles Mann are the other veterans frorh last year’s squad that are expected to form the nucleus of the team. Practice has been held intermittently on the concrete courts north of the Fieldhouse, but with the first match of the season scheduled for Wednesday with Indiana State Teachers College, the change to clay courts was a welcome one. Cold weather and rain has been the bugaboo of the workouts this spring as is always the case, but arrangements have been made to use the space at the east end of the Fieldhouse for an indoor court for use during inclement weather. The court will be in shape for use today. Hopefuls With the four positions of the lettermen considered secure, only two vacancies remain to be filled. Two juniors, Alexander and Hebbeler are considered as the most probable choices at present, although several promising sophomores are working out and the positions are far from certain. The 13 match schedule, with two tournaments thrown in, will be one of the most strenuous undertaken by a Boilermaker net team in recent years and should provide ample op(Continued on page 41
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIBE OF S<|1JARB FINE JEWELRY AT MORERATE PRICES
Designed—
Especially for you bui* going lasf.
Get Your DEBRIS Now!
LETS PL^iY BALL! Intramural baseball starts this week. This calls for new equipment, come down and let us fill your needs. BIG LEAGUE BATS We're exclusive dealers for Louisville Sluggers, those perfectly balanced bats that can take a beating. Rawlings ‘ Gloves, 50c to $7.95.
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Pirated Flag Hopes Rest On Rizzo's Bat Outfielder John Costa Rizzo, native son of Houston, Tex., and one of the most sensational young players to crash the majors in a long time, is the answer. Upon what he can accomplish with his mighty bat will depend largely the Buccaneers’ flag possibilities in the race of 1939. Brilliant Rookie Last year, there was no guessing about Rizzo. The strong-armed Italian came through in a style to give all opponents a headache. He treated major league pitchers with no more respect than he had shown for enemy hurlers in the minors, where he had battedabove .300 in five different leagues during six years of play, including the strong American Association. In fact, Rizzo was one of the most brilliantly successful freshmen of 1938. The fact that he kept up his .300 streak of batting by hitting .301 gives only a faint hint of the ^ighty Johnny’s achievements. He made 63 extra-base hits in a total of 167 safeties, and along with 31 doubles and nine triples he tore off 23 home runs, the highest number ever made by a Pittsburgh player in one season. Besides scoring 93 runs himself, he knocked in 111 others ranking behind only Joe Medwick and Mel Ott in that all-important department. Moreover Johnny became the first National League player ever to hit home runs in all parks in the circuit during his freshman season. He did this too, under conditions more difficult than usual, as the Phils shifted in, piid-season and thus played in two parks.
Pirate Personalities
fMUELLERl
Diamondmen Prepare For Pittsburgh Tilt Saturday With “Pop” Doan in charge of the festivities for the day, the Boilermaker diamondmen yesterday went through intensive hitting and fielding drill in preparation for Saturday’s tilt with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Everyone, including the pitchers, endeavored to sharpen their batting eyes by taking part in the batting practice.
If one new player is said to hold the key to the Pittsburgh club’s pennant chances this season, that player is catcher Ray Mueller. Ray was obtained from the Boston Bees in exchange for catcher A1 Todd, outfielder Johnny Dickshot, and $30,000 in cash in one of the biggest deals of last winter. Only 27, Mueller is just at the age when a player is at the peak of ambition, fire and hustle, and the Buc bosses are confident that the Pittsburgh club is going to benefit immensely by the swap. Seven Year’s Experience Ray has been handling pitchers of every description for seven years in organized baseball. Graduated from the semi-pro lots of Kansas after 1931—he was a Pittsburgher then by the way, but from Pittsburgh, Kan.—he spent most of his time during the three seasons in catching under a Boston Bee option for Harrisburg, in the New YorkPennsylvania League. Twice the Bees called him back, but he was not yet ready for the big show, and it was not until 1936 when he was sent to Knoxville, Tenn., and caught 71 games that he acquired the necessary big league polish. Boston Regular Mueller has been a regular over since, dividing the 1937 and 1938 catching duties with A1 Lopez. Ray made only one error in 1937 and only two last year, a remarkable record of only three errors in two successive seasons. His hitting is also likely to take a turn for the better this year, for whereas in Boston he played on the National League’s toughest field for batters, he will be in a hitter’s paradise at Forbes Field in Pittsburgh, where in the past he batted close to .300. I Ray is a right-handed hit-
Decker's
Special prices to fraternities on the official National league baseball.
518-520 Main St.
Decker s
Phone 6477
ter as well as thrower, stands 5 feet 9 inches and weighs close to 175 pounds. He was born March 8, 1912, is married, and now makes his home in Steelton, Pa.
Intramural Musings
By Jim Hebbeler Participation points are waiting to be passed out by the hundreds with all of the fraternity tournaments coming up this month. Interfraternity mass golf and mass horseshoe will start April 20 and 29 respectively and fraternity bowling starts Monday. Baseball will also begin regular tournament contests Monday, although practice games have been scheduled this week. The ward sport situation is still at more or less of a standstill following spring vacation, although several badminton matches have been completed. The squash tourney has yet to see a match since vacation. However, two new tournaments will get started very shortly. Bowling will be rolled off a week from tomorrow if the Union alleys can be obtained, and ward baseball is scheduled for the near future. Two fraternity champions have been crowned since the last writing of this column, the Delta Chis having captured the volley ball title and the SPEs winning the riflery crown. The unseating of Pi Kappa Alpha team from the rifle throne was a bit of an upset, since the trio had chalked up the top score in the qualifying round.
Spring Grid Practice Continues As Elward Prepares For Fall While most of the athletic-minded Boilermakers have turned to the thoughts of baseball and other of the spring sports, Mai Elward’s varsity gridders are still plugging away in preparation for next fall’s murderous schedule. What It Means Spi'ing practice is to the Boilermaker football squad as fall training is to the baseballer. Aside from keeping the aspiring grid stars in top physical condition, it develops timing, precision, and teamwork, which are the prime essentials of successful offensive plays. It gives the coaches a chance to teach the freshmen the plays that are to be used in the coming campaign, and strengthens the veterans in the execution of these plays. Perhaps the most important consideration of all, spring practice gives the coaches an opportunity to correct the playing-faults of im dividual players, watch their development, make the initial choice of the men that will be carrying the bulk of the burden when the team goes into action. This first choice is more important than it may seem, in that since the coaches will have little chance to change their minds as the team enters into its schedule with only a few weeks of practice in the fall. ^ Good Reserves As spring training continues, it is becoming increasingly evident that the Boilermaker squad has a great amount of reserve strength. There are several men with practically equal playing abilities who can hold down each position. This strength will be greatly needed in next fall’s breather-less schedule. In last night’s practice session, Mai kept the most talented passers busy on short aerial plays. Galvin, Welsch, and Mcllwain were drilled in tossing accurately and keeping the pigskin ahead of the receiver.
The Riveters’ starting infield of Smithson at first, Lyboult at second, Thompson at short, and Macliiewicz at third, engaged in a thorough fielding drill in which all concerned showed that they were more than ready to match defenses with the major leaguers. Bredewater Better Art Bredewater, the one doubtful spot in Saturday’s lineup, has seemed to recover sufficiently to resume his duties behind the plate. Art’s hand was bruised during the southern trip but the injury has now
Both the American and National League baseball movies will be shown tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 122 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Arrangements were made with the recreation division of the state WPA for this special showing of these movies. Members of the student body will be admitted to this show as well as the general public.
been reduced to a bandaged finger. Arnold Bredewater, veteran righthander, is still Coach Dutch Fehring’s choice as the starting pitcher for Saturday’s game. Although his hmding arm \ias been somewhat of a question mark all spring, his showing in Purdue’s 6-3 victory over Alabama left little doubt over the condition of his flinger.
2:15 Start
The actual diamond warfare, that is expected to attract a record crowd of between 5,000 and 6,000 spectators, will get underway at 2:15 o’clock, following the opening ceremonies which are scheduled to start at 1:50 o’clock. Althou^ there has been a brisk ticket sale, plenty of seats are expected to be available for all comers. The gates will be opened at 11:30 o’dock in order that fans may have ample time to purchase their tickets and still see the Pirates in batting and fielding practice which is scheduled to start at noon. Probable batting orders for both
Why Not--MEET AT WALGREEN’S When You’re in Town • QUALITY. FOOD • FRIENDLY SERVICE • YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main. Street
teams follow:
PURDUE
PITTSBURGH
Dickinson, cf
L. Waner, cf
Dean, rf
Manush ot P. Waner, rf
Lyboult, 2b
Rizzo, If
Mackiewicz, 3b
Vaughan, ss
Stamm, If
Suhr, lb
Smithson, lb
Young, 2b
Thompson, ss
Handley, 3b
Art Bredewater or
Mueller, e
Fisher, c
Arn. Bredewater, p
To be named
Entries For Golf, Tenms, Horseshoe Pitching Asked Continuing the all-campus sports activities will be the all-campus tournaments in golf, tennis, and in horseshoes which will be started as soon as enough entries are in. Entries may be made on the bulle.tin board by the check out window in the Fieldhouse. Any student can participate for the fee of 10 cents.
Ted Shawn, director of the famous troupe of men dancers, is the only dancer ever to receive an honorary degree from a U. S. college (Springfield).
owei'd am
lamoa^
Enhance her beauty by presenting her with just the right kind of a corsage. There are flowers for every type — sophisticate, demure or junaesque.
Qo.
Phone 5432
527 Main• «
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
*YlntieoA.
Tennis Squad(Continued fiom page 3)
portunity foi the men to piove themselves Little lest will be pio- ^ ided between matches, howevei, so the eaily conditioning of the team will be a necessaiv step The 1939 schedule Apiil 19—Indiana State, heie Apiil 21—Wabash, heie ApifJ 24—Butlei, heie (tent) Apiil 28—Iowa, theie Apiil 29—Noithwestein, theie May 5—Ball State, heie .May 6—Aimoui Tech, here May 8—DePauw, here May 12-13—Puidue, Indiana, Ohio, at Illinois May 18—Michigan, theie May 19—^Western State, theie May 26-27—State Meet at Eailhara or Indiana State, theie May 29 30-31—Confeience Meet at Chicago Intramural Schedule BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigma Chi 2— Sigma Pi vs Sigma Nu 3— Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Delta Theta 4— Acacia vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 1—Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Tau 6—Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theta Xi ■'—Theta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Mu 8— Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta. 9— Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Upsilon 10—Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Chi
The University of Buffalo cue team won the 1929 intercollegiate billiaid championship
New competitive spoit Salem College students recently held a Chinese checkers tournament
ClBSSMiied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY LAST BEGINNERS CLASS OF SEASON OPENS Friday, April 14th 7:30 P. M. This Class Will Be Completed Before Purdue Closes Indiana's Largest Dancing School AULEIN’S 6th & Perry
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
RADIO SERVICE—^For guaranteed reliable work call 45273 Herb Webb
don t forget youi activvity chaits —COOLEY
INSIST on Chamberlin s Ice Cream Indiana s finest Phone 3028
WEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTS and in vitations latest styles lowest prices One day service if desired Kane s Print Shop 401 S 29th Phone 6206
Purdue Riding Club' Horsemanship classes at 7 30 and 9 Sunday morning, April 16 —SUMMERS
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Johnny Firrtll matched number two iron at Public Golf Course Reward Call 3714
LOST—Rimless glasses in blue labeled Jaifee & Sons Call 65073
LOST—In West Lafavette well marked Boston terrier full white collar answers to Dopey Phone 6294
ROOMS FOR RENT
126 SOUTH GRANT—Double room single innerspring mattiess bed continuous hot water Phone 41801 MODERN ROOM foi one or two people —new furniture—innerspring mattress 16 N Ellsworth Phone 76042
Independents Application for the ap pointed positions of men a social chairman CO ed social chairman political chairman, campaign chairman co ed activities chairman and men s activities chairman includ ing qualifications and past records will be accepted by the PIA board until Monday April 17 All applicants will also be expected to present their qualifications at the PIA board meeting Tuesday Apiil 18 at 7 30 p m —WELLS Radio Club Equipment exchange meeting Tuesday April 18 at 7 30 p m in room 254 of the E E Building Everybody welcome —BROWN WAA Archery Call out Tuesday, April 18 at 4 p m for intramural and class archery —MOREHOUSE
urday April 16 as follows A-E Room 264 E E Building F-K Room 129, M E Building L-R Lecture Room Civil Building S Z Lecture Room Michael Golden Shops o —KNAPP Lambda Kappa A meeting will be held in room C of the Union at 7 30 p m Sunday April 16 Election of ofiEicers will take place —OTT
Scabbard & Blade Rough night 6pm Saturday April 16 in the Armory —DERNER
Women’s Gym Glagrave Harrison Ward, Allbright Eikenberry Clrfttse, McFarland, Smith Reed Murphy —FRASER Gold Pepper Pledges Please wear your ribbons on the campus (4-16) —COOLEY YWCA Petitions for positions on YWCA cabinet must be handed in by Friday, April 14, at 4 p m —KLEIN, COOLEY
Friday, April 14,1939
at 7 80 p m m the Union ballroom Election of officers will be held —ANDERSON
Scriveners Meeting Sunday, April 16, in room 2 of the Union at 7 80 p m. Guests coming Please bring manuscripts —JUSTIN
Scrivener All members who have manuscripts to be considered for the May Issue must turn them in (typed) at the west Union desk for me before Monday, April 17,
Agronomy Students Meeting Friday April 14 at 7 p m in room A of the Union Friends and faculty aie invited —WHITSITT
SAE Members Preliminary SAE Stout contest eliminations have bene postponed until a latei date (4-14) —HERR
Wesley Foundation Roller skating party Saturday afternoon Apiil 16 Leave 436 State Street at 1 46 p m Tickets 26 —McFADDEN
WAA Student Faculty Tournament Any girl interested may ask any faculty member since there may be mixed doubles Be sure to sign up with youi partner at the Women s Gymnasium (4-14) —MATHER
"P” Men Meeting Tuesday, April 18
Ii lying Cadet Applicants: juxamining board will visit the University on or about Monday, April 24, to conduct physical examinations Pamphlets containing instructions may be secured from the Adjutant’s office at the Armory (4-18) —MORSE CB 69 Conditions: Examination for the removal of *‘C” grades will be sriven Saturday, April 16, at 1 p m. in room 201 of the CE Building Mk —WILEY
Scabbard & Blade Formal initiation will be Tuesday April 18 at 6 p m in the Armory Initiation banquet will be at 6 16 p m at Lincoln Lodge Get reservations in befoie Monday morning April 17 —DERNER
Notices
Playshop Stage and Carpenter Crews Report at Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p m Friday April 14 —MILLER
Activity Bureau Sophomores All sopho mores will suspend work on Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon Each will be assigned a time foi an inteiview with the Junior and Senior Officers It is essential that every sophomore petitioning for office at tend his or her interview If you can not make the time assigned to you please no tify one of the officeis ^4 16) —JACOBSON WAA Baseball Call out Monday, April 17 at 4 p m —COOK
Freshman Engineers All those enrolled in G E 2 report for lectuie at 8 a m Sat
WAA Following girls are eligible to take the written baseball exemption exam on Monday April 17 at 5 p m in the
WAA Tennis Please sign up as soon as possible in Women s Gymnasium for Intra mural Tournament Class Tournament and Student Faculty Tournament Any girl may ask any member of faculty man or woman to be her paitner (4 16) —MATHER
Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges Com pulsory meeting at 4 p m Satuiday April 15 in room C of the Union Actives please
POPCORN SO GOOD AND SO CHEAP
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PABNT
Phone 3841
It’s Up to YOU, Mr. Merchant:-
The Purdue students always have and always will represent a high buying class in Lafayette and West Lafayette. You can get your share of their money by reaching them thru the advertising space of . . . THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phene 7278 —NOW for pick-up.
AmericanCleaned Clothes Regularly Done! Protects the fabric, prolongs its wear, and keeps you looking “Tops” all of the time! Send yours in. Pli®ne American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
Jr
iaJuL
Saturday! That All-American favorite of spring sports is being played between Purdue and the Pittsburgh Pirates Saturday afternoon. FU see you eds and coeds there backing the team with your well-known spirit.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Rookiteret
• Jewelers
"DIAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is an we «lei, but we (b a weH. Opposite PPet OWtes Wallace Blo^ 322 Ferry St
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK-O Oa. HAROLD I RISK—004 LUTHER A RISK—0 04 Schultz SulMIfw 4h and Main niona 570)
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 AAaIn St.
0 MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Reildence 6431
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Shoe Repair
V
i P
^ I