%
Beards^ Dirt^ Costumes— Tonight Is Brawl Night Novel costumes and a wide variety of beard growths combined with the hot rhythms of Bernie Young and Bud Bryant are expected to make the Boilermakers’ Brawl tonight one of the most unusual dances of the year. Members of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraiiemity, who are sponsoring the affair announced last night that practically all of the
400 tickets have been sold. The few remaining ducats are on sale at the Union lobby desk, at Deac’s, Southworth’s and by SDX njembers, priced at $1.99%. Committe to Censor Attire Altho considerable leeway will be allowed the student in selecting his costume and many prizes are being awarded for original and comic attires, the authorization committee at the gate will see that prospective dancers are clothed decently. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, and Miss Helen Knight of the women’s physical education department have been added to the ‘censorship’ cortimittee com-" posed of Dr. Clifton C. Hazard, mathematics department; Dr. Sayers J. Miller, student health service;
Additional copies of the Exposer will go on sale at 11 p. m. tonight at the east desk in the Union Building. Free copies will be distributed to all persons at the Brawl, before that time. The extra Exposers will be sold at a special desk in the lobby for 5 cents each.
and Prof. M. C. Todd, civil engineering. During the evening, The Exposer, Brawl publication will be passed out to those attending the dance. Pointed for the first time in tabloid form the Exposer will contain two pages of candid camera shots, in addition to a large amount of dirt that has been uncovered during the last few weeks.
Breaking Record, IM Register During Agriculture Conference As Hoosier farmers and farm home makers continued to converge on the University campus yesterday, last year’s record fell at noon with official registration reaching 7,600 visitors for an all time high. Conference officials, although prone to make predictions, admitted that mark would rise to one-third the present mark.
Fifteen former Purdue students, who have made outstanding records in agriculture were signally honored as one of the features of yesterday’s comprehensive program at the Purdue Alumni Associai;ion annual banquet, with the presentation of''“Distinguished Purdue Ag” certificates. Of the 15 men honored yesterday, six were repeaters. This group included Clarence Cecil, Muncie; Lee Chambers, Kokomo; Fred Fraser, Rensselaer; Roscoe Fraser, Rensselaer; Whitney K. Cast, Akron, and Lee B. Florpa^ Milton DPA Winners The nine men who won the D. P. A. certificate for the first time were Grover Arbogest, Muncie; Cecil A. Madill, Muncie; William T. Leaird, Eton Francis H. Heston, Eaton; E. Ralph Harvey, Newcastle; Allen B. Hinchpian, Rushville; Leroy Turner, Richmond; George C. Langdon; Hartford City, and John H. Guthrie, Muncie. For the first time this year, the association inagurated a “Certificate of Distinction” award for outstanding service to Indiana agriculture, and honored four men. The group included Dean J. H. Skinner of the agriculture school, county agents M. E. Cromer, Muncie; H. E. Abbott, Indianapolis, and H. S. Benson, Vincennes. The “Purdue Ag Alumni Gavel,” which was awarded to the most active county agricultural alumni association was won by Noble county, under the leadership of A. J. Morris. Older Youths Here Today The second annual state meeting for older youth and young adults of rural Indiana wjll convene at 9:30 in Fowler Hall. The propam will be devoted to group sinking, a talk by M. K. Derrick of the Indiana Farm Bureau, Indianapolis, recreation headed by F. I/. McReynolds of the University, and drama under the direction of Jack Knapp, of the National Recreation Association, New York City. Following a cafeteria luncheon, session of the older youth and again
convene in Fowler Hall. Group singing, recreation, a talk by exgoVernor of the Indiana district Kiwanis International, George Byers, and a discussion by Harry F. Ainsworth of the University on “Program Planning for Older Youth and Young Adult Groups.” will be included on the general session. Dr. Z. M. Smith of the University will preside. Gaddis Toastmistress Leila M. Gaddis of the University will be toastmistress for a banquet in the Home Economics Building at fi p m Dr Frank Slutz, of Dayton, 0., will talk on “Choosing a Vocation.” Today’s program will conclude with informal social activities at the Women’s Gymnasium. Campus Musicians To Perform Sunday University Musical Organization members will hold the spotlight in the music room program tomorrow afternoon starting at 4 p. m. in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. All soloists on the program are members of at least two of the following University musical organization—concert choir, glee club. University choir, and University orchestra. The members of the organizations ihcluded on the"4)rogram are Rosemary Robinson, pianist; Harold Schulte, tenor; Eva Robertson, violinist, and Charles Powell, baritone. Pat Clinton lo Play F^r Tomorrow's Regular Mixer Saturday night’s regular mixer in the Union ballroom will feature campus bandleader Pat Clinton, and his orchestra. Clinton’s band plays regularly for Upion Varsity Shows and other Union activities. The regular mixey admission of one dollar will be charged. Dancing will continue fi'om 9 until 12 o’clock.
Indianapolis Group Presents Musical Treat At Convo Under the eyes of 3,500 students," convention-goers and townspeople, Fabien Sevitzky, musical director and conductor of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, last night achieved ar^other success in the life of his eight-weeks-old Organization. But although the orchestra is remarkably young, talent is not lacking, and the convocation honoring the State Agricultural Conference was very well received. From the gold and hlack platform beside the (iarkened basketball court, Sevitzky, tall, erect, and nonchalant, opened the concert with Overture tOt“Euryanthe” by Weber and “Eine Kleine Nachtmusik” by Mozart, two numbers that were well executed but which didn’t catch the fancy of the audience. Next, the orchestra rendered “The Lone Prairie” by Arthur Shepherd, a modern composition in line with the conductor’s policy to include a modern American composer on ev«ry program. Bearing a strong resemblance to “The Dying Cowboy”, the piece possessed a slow, mournful rhythm that appealed to the audience, who responded with prolonged applause. Demand Two Encores The last sympthony on the evening’s program was written by Tschaikowsky, “Symphony No. 4, in F Minor” and was divided info four movements of varying moods. During this composition, Sevitzky was considerably annoyed by the rattling of a vane in a ventilator. The climax was reached in a tremendous crash of drums, bells and cymbals, and the audience demanded two encores, Tschaikowsky’s “Trepak” from the Nutcracker Suite and Bach’s “Giant Fugue”, before conductor Sevitzky, smiling, was allowed to leave for his reception in the Union. WSGA Will Sponsor SMent-FoaiHyToa Are you affected with a bad case of the dread disease, “final fever?” Perhaps a few words with a certain prof, an informal chat with “the old boy,” would hasten yourirecovery. Planned at Wednesday’s WSGA faculty meeting,'a student-faculty tea will be given in the faculty lounge of the Union from 4 to 6 o’clock Sunday. With the purpose of establishing better student-fac-ulty relations, WSGA officials have invited to the tea from all school^, about 100 faculty members and their wives. Invitations to Sunday’s tea, have also been issued to fraternity and sorority presidfents, social chairmen and heads of independent
iiuusdcs).
the Purdue
Exponent
FRIDAY January 14, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 90
Plan Sportsmanship Drive
Discuss Co-ed Smoking Co-ed smoking regulations were discussed at the WSGA meeting Wednesday. Betty Elstun and Mary Alice Learning were appointed by WSGA president Betty Ann Stewart to make a check-up to determine whether co-eds were complying with the regulations. It was decided that junior girls should not be permitted to attend marital lectures. Win Cash Prize, Pick The Winners Can you pick basketball scores with an uncanny accuracy?' If you are a self-satisfied sport expert, here’s your chance to prove yourself with a lucrative reward. Prizes offered by the Elxponent are $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00, for the best three entries. The contest rules are as follows: 1. Estimate the scores of the 10 basketball games found in the advertisements carried in Thursday’s
Exponent.
2. Write in 25 words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. Entries must be in Exponent office by 5 p. m. each Saturday. 4. Scores must be on clipping of\ the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsiipile thereof. 5. (Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union desk, or left at the Exponent office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent.
Mohiman Debate Finals Scheduled For 7:30 Tonight Phi Kappa Sigma, affirmative, and Alpha Gamma Rho, negative, will compete in the finals of the Mohiman interfraternity debate contest tonight at 7:30 o’clock, in Fowler Hall. Debating for the Mohiman trophy, which has been in the possession of Cary Hall East since that team defeated Beta Theta Pi in last year’s contest, this year’s finalists will debate the subject: “Resolved that the United States should adopt a policy of complete neutrality toward international conflicts. The Phi Kappa Sigma team consists of Ralph Weisehan, Mack White, and Lloyd Farquhar, manager. Warner Kessler, Don Paajrlberg, and William Marple, manager, mak^ up the Alpha i Gamma Rho team. J. Wayne Fredericks, varsity debater, will act as chairman, and the judges will be Dr. Alan H. Monroe, Robert Horn, and Douglas Ehninger, of the speech department. Keys and invitational tickets to the annual speech banquet which is held in the spring, will be given both teams and their managers. Agriculturists Find Union Ideal Place To Meet By Jim McKee “If this weather holds out, the probable attendance for this conference will be between 7,200 and 7,400,” said Prof. G. M. Frier, director of registration and information of the Annual Agricultural Conference. “Last year every county in Indiana except two were represented. This year I think they’re all here,” continued Prof. Frier. He added that there were several other states represented besides Indiana. “I remember seeing the names of Maryland, Wisconsin, Michigam, Ohio, Kansas, and Kentucky.” Crowds are large wherever a conference meeting is held. At the annual stunt night affair in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium, the conference attenders filled the gym to overflowing. Several hundred were turned away. The gym holds approximately 5,800. Mrs. Love at the Union desk said that farm folk had purchased over 1,500 picture postals of the University to send home. The attendance at the conference covers a lot of grpund. One man said that he was attending his 46th conference. Monday night, six months old Sylvia Jane Benson registered for her first Ag convention. Mr. Jackson says he’s been extra busy for the last three days. Wednesday, he said, there were over 3,000 coats checked in the main Union checkroom. At the extra Union checkroom Thursday evening there were 186 suitcases belonging to conference attenders. Wisconsin Alumni Dinner Posiponedflndeflnitely'. The Wisconsin Alumni Dinner which was to have been held in the Faculty Lounge of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon has been postponed because of conflicting activities on that day. According to Rev. J. B. Gleason, who was in chhrge of the program, no other date has been set for the
dinner.
SAA, Gimlet, Exponent, Reamer, 'P' Club, Cheer Leader Representatives Meet On Athletic Creed Action started yesterday afternoon i:o make Purdue the leader iii a drive to improve sportsmanship standards throughout the Big Ten Conference as campus student leaders met with Acting Athletic Director Robert C. Woodworth in his Fieldhouse office. Present at the session were Bill Bailey, president of the Student Athletic Association; Glen Brown, Gimlet president; R. P. Manion, Exponent Editor; Don Powell, president of the “P” Club; Malcolm Ross, Reamef president; and Dick Wellbrock, head cheer leader. ' Ask Fraternity Aid As a result of the meeting, a member of Gimlet Club will visit each fraternity on the campus today to make a short talk on sportsmanship and to ask the cooperation of the house in making Purdue sportsmanship an exanjple for other Big Ten institutions to fbllow. Reamer President Ross said last night he would ask intramural managers to assist in carrying the sportsmanship drive into independent houses. Sororities and the tVomen's Residence Halls will be visited and addressed by representatives from Gold Peppers, according to President Virginia Slocum. She has a^ed presidents of the women’s rooming houses to talk to their respective groups on sportsmanship. Woodworth Speaks Director Woodworth made the following statement at yesterday afternoon’s meeting: - ^ “Whether deserved or not, there has been considerable unfavorable comment in regard to the sportsmanship not only of Purdue students but of other Big Ten institutions. It should be remembered that a reputktion for good sportsmanship is much more important than victory or defeat. I see no reason why Purdue should not enjoy the same reputation is sportsmanship that it does in other fields.” Last night. Head Basketball Coach Ward Lambert said in iregard to the sportsmanship drive: ^ “We want enthusiasm at our basketball games. We do not want students and fans to express their displeasure with decisions by boos. This practice must stop and I ask the cooperation of students and cheer leaders^ to curb any display of unsportsmanlike conduct. We want visiting teams treated with respect and courtesy, and we hope to have the same treatment on opponent floors.”
Blackwell, Curry Receive Honors Of 4-H Corn Club Two 17-year-old youngsters, Richard Blackwell, of Franklin, Johnson county, and Roberty Curry, of Tipton, Tipton county, com-
TT _
uuilixxiabcu tilt: v-/uin Club show, held in connection with the annual agricultural conference at the University, splitting the major sweepstakes awards on both 10 ear and single ear samples in the honors announced by the judges
at noon yesterday.
Blackwell, a son of Kenneth F. Blackwell, ascended to the throne as junior corn Iring of the state when his 10 ear sample of Reid’s Yellow Dent was awarded the grand sweepstakes honor, while Curry, a former winner of the junior International title, and the son of William H. Curry, who was recently crowned as international corn king at Chicago, won the reserve sweepstakes honor in the 10 ear clhss with another entry of
Reid’s Yellow Dent.
Curry Wins Single Ear Class The situation was just reversed
(Continued on page 4)
University Granted Musical Equipment Including more than 150 books of general reading matter of evqry variety on classical and cultural music, about the same number of books of musical scores of operas and symphonies, 940 new recordings of assorted classical music, and a Capehart electric phonograph, the latest unit to be added to the musical facilities of the University was installed in the music room a few days ago. A grant from the Carnegie Foundation of New York, which makes similar grants to schools and colleges throughout the United States which do not include music in their curriculum, the new phonograph and accessories arrived on the campus during the Christmas holidays.
Indiana Weofher
Fwecast for the State: Rain extreme south portion, rain taming to snow in central and north portion by afternoon or night. Saturday: generally fair and not quite so cold. Local Temperatures: Low, 14; High, 32; Mean, 23.t
Friday, January 14, 1938
Good Sportsmanship Is... .... is a term commonly applied to participation and conduct at athletic contests. Really it is an attitude that comes into use every day. It is the manner in which we meet and treat our fellow students, oui^ friends, all our acquaintances; it implies our philosophy of life. Frequently a situation creeps upon us without our knowing either its present implications or the bearing it may exert on later life. In fact we may not even realize the situation exists. That is partly the case of the quality of sportsmanship now being shown at athletic games in pme of our Big Ten institutions. Students and other fans have grown into the habit of booing referees and players so that they do it without thinking of their obligations as hosts or of the effect this attitude may have upon their personal philosophy. Both visiting athletic teams and the persons who follow them to the University are our guests, and so are the referees who officiate at games here. As their hosts, we are individually and collectively obligated to treat them with respect and courtesy. Of course, we want our teams to receive proper consideration when they engage in away-from-home contests. And we want our University to have a reputation for fairness. That makes up our collective obligation. But we also have an obligation to ourselves . . . an obligation to act at football, basketball, and baseball games as we act in our everyday business. Certainly there we do not receive guests in an uncomplimentary manner. Booing and other show of unsportsmanlike conduct at athletic games implies a certain amount of cowardice. We take advantage of the crowd to do things we would not do individually. Our Boilermakers play Wisconsin here tomorrow night in the dedicatory game for the Fieldhouse. Attending the game will be alumni contributors to the Fieldhouse fund, agricultural conference visitors, and the Badger team and its supporters, all of whom are our guests. Let’s show them that, even if we are dis-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^gpciated @blU0iate_^rws MACHSOH WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday durinff the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. REPI^EgBNTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISING BY National AdvertlsingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New, York. N. Y CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAH FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF ' Managing Editor. J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate liters Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor
-Bailey Issue Editor—Keck Friday, January 14, 1938
pleased with the conduct or outcome of the game, we at least have enough self respect and consideration for our visitors not to show it.
Latters to the Editor
Let’s Play Illini In Football Dear Editor: As a Purdue alumnus, and a booster of Purdue in all its activities I am again disappointed in learning that our “Big Ten Neighbors” the “Illini” are not included on either our 1938, or 1939 football schedules, recently announced. Just why is it that our Boilermakers and the Illini do not meet on the gridiron? Although from what I read they did meet in “Geo. Huff Gymnasium” last Monday evening, but that isn’t the kind of football I have reference to. I believe there are many loyal Boilermakers like myself, who have often wondered about this same question. I first came to Purdue in 1923, and in those 15 years, I don’t think these two schools have met on the gridiron but once, yet our Athletic Department schedules them in all other sports. It is from football that our athletic department receives most of its revenue isn’t it? So why not the Illini in football? The University of Illinois is our Big Ten neighbor. It is located at even a shorter distance from our campus than our down state rivals in Bloomington, and with so large a percentage of both our Student Body and Alumni from the State of Illinois and city of Chicago, I feel certain that there would be very little difficulty in creating considerable rivalry between the two universities, especially on the gridiron. I believe the Illini would draw a larger attendance at our homecomings, than either Iowa or Wisconsin—two schools so far distant from our campus that natural rivalry doesn’t exist. How does our student body feel about starting a home and home series with the Illini in football? I will appreciate hearing through the columns of the Exponent. Lfetfsl start now to create that rivalry with the Illini, and pull for that first game in 1940. Our neighbors should be one of our biggest rivals. Let’s make it the 1940 homecoming and the game in Ross-Ade Stadium. H. O. Meyer, ’27. “Greaseballs” Dear Editor: It is somewhat of a tradition that engineers call the agriculture students (commonly known as Ags) “farmers” in a deprecating tone of voice. And it is generally agreed upoi^ amongst the engineers that
By Mary Cooley Columbia University has announced that henceforth it will give two scholarships annually to students who are the best street-cor-ner orators. The scholarships will be given for electioneering, union organization and open-air vocal performances. ' Winter sports in the Southland combine the advantages of a winter resort with going to college for students at Lees-McRae Junior College, 4,000 feet up in the Blue Ridge Mountains of western North Carolina. Winter sports are part of the regular physical education program. “Educators no longer look upon the emotions as a disease which we can get rid of by a kind of inoculation.” The president of Vassar Colffege. Dr. Henry McCrafeken, believes that we have also abandoned the social code which pretends any surrender to the emotions is indecent. Not satisfied with a promised half-holiday, students at Knox and Monmouth colleges went on a strike preliminary to the 53rd football game between the two schools. College officials said it was a “trumped up” strike, as similar picketing tactics were noticed at each institution. ' Students objected to the school’s decision to hold short classes to allow them to attend classes' covering the full day in the morning, leaving the afternoon free for the game.
Ags, as a v/hole, are less intelligent than these self-esteeming enginers. For years, I along with many other Ags, have, without even thinking through thfe situation, fought back vehemently. There is no reason for such a foolish action. We are the most important single group in the world’s existence. We will be looked up to— not down upon! Using criteria analagous to those used by the engineers in designating the Ags as “farmers,” we would be correct in calling the engineers “grease-balls.” As for intelligence, I cite this ope instance: Chemical engineering is said to be the hardest course in the University. Organic Chemistry is the hardest subject in any university, according to a recent poll. Chems take Organic only as an elective, whereas all Ags are required to take it. C. E. Dobrowolsky, For. ’38
Personnel Notes
The Maryland Casualty Company Baltimore, Md., is interested in employing science and engineering senior’s after graduation. The company deals in various types of accident, boiler and machinery insurance, personal liability and loss insurance, mercantile insurance, and suretyship. Graduates who are selected will be given a six month’s training course in casualty insurance and suretyship, and then be assigned to a field office and trained as a special agent or underwriter. They will be paid $75 per month during the training period, and given a salary increase when assigned to an office. W. T. Har^r, vice president and agency director, outlines the qualifications an applicant should have: “We want men who are quick to learn and retain information, and who give promise of initiative and sales ability . . . They should make a good appearance, have some per-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
We couldn’t hold out any longer. We’ve broken a resolution not to print slush abt pin mergers & stuff. But we heard that Mary Ed Johnston has thrown back a pin to Dusty Rhoades. Get on it while it’s hot boys, she’s back in circulation again. Also wot happened tb Johnny Dean and Caroline Shaw ? No more see ’em together. In reply to his being called a sucker in Wednesday’s column. Burger submits the following: I was a Sucker, I’ll not fake it. But, dear fellows, I can take it. And the life I’ll live will be as was before. I paid a dime—not a quarter. So your story won’t hold water. Now we’re right back where we / started from before. (Only—I’m out 20c) To Explain: In the Union, in a hurry. Not a chance to even worry. Seeing faces that I’d never seen before; Not expecting such clean hooking, I accepted without looking. And enjoyed the conference gath- ^ ering all the more (Still 20c out, tho!) —Ray Burger. SENSATIONAL SCOOP Like man bites dog—-ed makes co-ed play fish. Jean Whitney, Theta Fish, cudn’t stand the longing in her heart any longer. So she sends Norm Palmer a Christmas present. Norm replies by not even sending the luckless gal so much as a Xmas crd. Of course she cudn’t be expected to know that Norm has more frat pins than the one he wears, & that at least one of them is out on a gal from the junction. Dan Rohyans recently rcvd a copy of the rag published by the Texas State College for Women, on the front page of which was a neat picture of our hero talking to a co-ed fm said college; the sh'Olt was taken at the NS FA conv. at AlberQQ. Ain’t he sweet!! They must be DAMNED hard up for column fillers to put such a mug on such a sweet, lovely frpnt page. The Exposer comes off the press tomorrow nite. Here’s hoping u don’t c ur name in it. BRING ON THE BOILERMAKER BRAWL!!
sonality and be physically and meptally equipped to do intensive study.” ' Information is available in the Personnel office.
DANCE 'hfL Ml’
Feel light-footed in dainty evening slippers that are comfortable!
High or Flat Heels Gold or Silver* Black and Gold White and Silver White Faille WE TINT YOUR SHOES TO MATCH ANY COLOR, FREE
“Oh, stop making a public exhibition of yourself!”
By Sally McKee In the December Harper’s Leslie C. Barber in an article, “The Age of Schizophrenia,” says, “At the same time (speaking of a child growing up) he is likely to discover that certain social habits of his are an insult to his intelligence.” And later, “He may note that table manners are slightly idotic in certain details.” Mr. Barber explains that these social habits are “hangovers” from a past which is foreign to him and are not very well suited to the modern world. This would explain, perhaps, why
NOW SHOWING THRU SATURDAY
WAIT1PLL¥3U SEEHEFSyim AN® TUGEfieERi
OBN&ER
KAyHAWWE" - ^
HEMiM ROGiiS,
ADOLPHE
NEMiOU WHU ^ >
mi PAIRICK Andrea Leeds.
Conslance Collier Samuel S. Hinds
EXTRA CHARLIE McCarthy IN BRING ON THE GIRLS
LU^ TODAY — SATURDAY
»nHSUnrunFMi.)c Sell Ulii • limw Sill) House • Wiee BiaiH Misctia Heel *101 Hodges Louise faienda • JoHo King. Baibaia^Reail Date Rpo'ldj DMAutftdbvB
PLUS—
WHIRLPOOL^ OF INTRIGUE " pneitoHe FOSTER
CAfi A UNIVCISAIi
every generation thinks the next one is surely doomed to go completely to the devil. It indicates that despite the fact that the child doesn’t understand these things and that they do insult his intelligence; still, he accepts them in his desire to satisfy his gregarious desires—his desires to be accepted in the society of others. He follows these manners and customs, thereby preparing the insult for the next generation.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
Now! Corlland Fitzsimmoni* mneESTNiHT" with FLORENCE RICE ROBERT YOUN G Ted Heeiy M G M Caat —and—
-Also“DICK TRACY” SERIAL
TODAY — SATURDAY
GREAT. . . BECAUSE irs TRUE TO iffE! Youth...facing love with the courage of 17! A grand heartstory, a stirring, human drama!
with LEWIS STONE • CECILIA PARKER MICKEY ROONEY —COMING SOONON OUR STAGE DON BESTOR and his orchestra —and— ANN PENNINGTON WORLD FAMOUS STAR OP ZIEGFELD FOLUES
*■>
*1Friday, lanuary 14, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
►
K (
Improved Wisconsin Squad Meets Boilermakers In Dedication Game Smarting under their recent 51-43 defeat at the hands of the speedy Illinois squad last Monday night, the Boilermakers will be faced by an improving Wisconsin sqUad in the dedication game tomorrow. Classed as a “dark horse team” at the outset of the season, the Wisconsin aggregation has been showing steady progress and has accomplished some remark<able victories in their last few games. After losing a close battle to the
Notre Dame squad at South Bend, , December 13th, by the narrow margin of one basket, the Badgers returned for the 1938 portion of their schedule a much better squad. In defeating Minnesota, last year’s cochampions 36-28, last Saturday, and Chicago on the following Monday, 50-27; the Wisconsin team proved that they have the speed, ball handling ability, and rebound aggressiveness necessary for a championship team. Low Scores Wisconsin teams have always been low .scoring, slow breaking aggregations, and the speed of the Boilermakers will undoubj^edly be a large factor in breaking down the defense of the larger, huskier Badger combination. In scoring 50 points against Chicago, the Wisconsin team reached the half-cen-tury mark for the first time since 1914, when they defeated Indiana 59-16. Against Purdue, Coach “Bud” Foster is expected to start George
Rooney and Hod Powell at forwards; Charles “Bump” Jones, at center; and Mannie Ffey and Ernie Davis, guards. Advance publicity states that the forwards are small and fast, and the guards large and aggressive. With a tall 6’ 4” center, the team should prove formidable opponents for the Boilbrmaker dedicatory game. Mixed Swjm Replaces . Ed, Co-ed Recreation Replacing the usual mixed recreation tonight will be a mixed swim from 7:30 to 9:00 in the Memorial Gymnasium under the joint sponsorship of the Purdue Sportswomen, athletic honorary society for senior women, and ,the Triton Club, women’s swimming honorary. Hilda Schwehm of the Women’s Phyrical Education Department will act as life guard.
SERVE BEHER MEATS
Take advantage of Piggly Wiggly’s Sale of Swift Premium Branded Beef and other fine meats at Money Saving Prices this week-end.
"Cec" Isbell Back From Coast Tilt; Likes California By R.-Tillson From the land of eternal sunshine Purdue’s prodigal son, Cecil Isbell, has at last returned after a successful trip with the All-eastern grid stars who met an All-western squad New Year’s Day in a scoreless tie game at San Francisco. “Cec” js a busy boy these days, but your scribe finally caught him in the Phi Delt house in a leisiprely mood where Cec reviewed the highlights of his trip. After meeting the eastern coaches Bernie Bierman, Andy Kerr, and Chuck Swain and the eastern players at Chicago, December 18, the squad immediately went to the Northwestern stadium where they went through a short workout before catching a train to the coast. The squad made only two stops on the way out, stopping at Utah and Grand! Canyon, Nevada,. for two practice sessions. The squad worked daily after arriving in California, where Cecil was elected co-captain of the team, sharing the lead position with Wojciechowicz of Fordham. Incidentally, “Cec” didn’t mention this little honor in our talk. * Likes California As you all have read, Cec performed notably in the New Year’s tilt, especially irw the kicking department of the game. He continually booted out of danger when the westerner^ threatened the eastern goal. Warner Bros, entertained the squad after the game and Cec "witnessed some shots of “Men Are Such Fools,” and “Robin Hood” on the Warner lots. Cec is very enthusiastic about California and would like very much to live there. Maybe that will be his address after ^ graduation if he does not accept the offer of • professional football to play with the Green Bay Packers, that he received recently.
By Dick Obenchain Trying to dope basketball is just about the hardest job we know of . . . imagine picking Illinois over Purdue or Indiana over Minnesota by one point, yet both happened Monday night . . . we’re wondering who’s going to get it iie?cf^ \ ^ About the best game of the weekend should lie the Ohio State-Iowa tussle at Columbus ... we feel that the Hawkeyes are a little the better squad, however the advantage of the home floor should be j.ust about enough for the Buckeye to slip from the cellar . . . the set-up of the week . . . Chicago at Illinois . . . not only does Illinois have a plenty tough ball team, but any team who can put the hooks to the Illini on their own floor could play in snow shoes and still have little trouble with the Maroons. —^fc— Michigan at Minnesota should be another tough one for the dopesters. Michigan with the better record, but Minnesota with a plenty tough five will give the Wolverines a little to worry about in their tussle Saturday . . . Northwestern at Indiana . . . We think the Wildcats are due for their fall and the Hoosiers are just the lads to do it. . . this is one of the games that Northwestern will have to lose to help the Boilermaker chances . . Northwestern has a fairly soft schedule this year and this is one of the games that the Wildcats have marked with a question mark. —^fc—The dedication game against Wisconsin, should be a soft one for the Boilermakers . . . the Badgers, not packing so much .powder anyway, will have a tough time against Purdue who will still be smarting a plenty from the Illini game Monday.
STUDENTS! GET "H's" with ease. . . Own a
ROYAL PORTABLE
Start getting better marks tomorrow! Latest improvements help you do better work easier and faster on a Royal Portable! And Royals actually cost no more!
I
FREE! Handsome triplepurpose carrying case. No extra cost. Also Instant, Typing Chart which shows you, at a glance, how to type properly.
DECKER’S 51?.520 Main St. Phone 6417
CONGRATUUTIONS PURDUE The Peter Anderson Company wishes to extend congratulations to Purdue University upon the formal opening of the new field house; and wishes “Piggy” Lambert and the hoys a successful haskethafll season. Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
24 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
Squash Gains In Popularity Over Past Eight Years By J. A. Hebbcler From a few faculty members playing in the faculty gym, squash racquets has grown to one of the top minor sports at Purdue in eight years. Two years after the faculty began playing, “Chief” Clevett fixed up a make-shift court in an old barn, and the sport became a part of the intramural department program. During this first year as an intramural sport, the University of Illinois asked for a match, and for two years informal matches were played with the approval of the athletic committee. During the depression, gymnastics was dropped from the University athletic program, and when the time came to reinstate the sport, squasb was substituted for it. In the last three years the Boilermakers have been averaging from 12 to^ 16 matches a year, and breaking about even in them. The team has proved too weak for the Eastern competition as yet, but is a bit too strong for the college competition in the Mid-West. Gains Followers in Mid-West Interest -has been increasing steadily throughout the Mid-West, and three years ago the Western Squash Racquets Association initiated an individual intercollegiate chamjpionship. In the first two such meets held in Chicago, as well as in last year’s meet at Milwaukee, the Purdue squashmen captured the first three places.
Intramural Sport Schedule Offers Four New Events x Four different phases of the intramural sports programs are now in the offing as the first semester draws to a close. With a number of the present sports activities in their final stages, swimming, badminton, squash, and riflery will be started to keep the sport program complete. Swimming takes the greatest interest with a seven’* star program rounding out of the ihter-ward contest, starting next Tuesday. Anyone who wishes instructions in the aquatic art may \eport to Coach LaBree each day from 4 to 5 p. m. Riflery and Badminton Fraternity teams are scheduled for a trio of the events, as they enter the squash, rifle, and badminton tournaments. This year is the first that either rifle or badminton have been included in the sport program because up to this time there has been no equipment. These sports are now made possible through the new Fieldhouse facilities. A new rifle range has been installed in the basement and badminton courts are open at all times on the second floor. In view of the fact that the varsity teams in badminton and riflery are still in the process of formation, anyone who makes a good showing for his fraternity has an opportimity to^ gain a berth on one of these University squads.
-n *.
ANKLES AWRY! BELLE-SHARMEER Stockings will save those Blushes!
Night and day wear stockings that fit you! Belle-Sharmeer IS individually sized in width as well as in length to veil vour legs in glamour
... without a wrinkle! Ask for your leg size by name... Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums, Duchess for tails. Classic for olumos.
$1.00$1.65 “ P"'
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. New Location 622-626 Main St.
A Work of Art Perfectly poised and groomed, apparently, but it would take only one spot to break down an otherwise charming ensemble. West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081ii
m
,% K S s'‘
THE PDRDUE EXPONENT
/< ' fi
»?pS^S'i,wy.> A.' '.^'''V'' f'J yS’Lff J ifc J ,; ' ’ f n ' 1 •■ *1 ' 4 . 1, '■ 'll I { ' '* * > ** A * ''.If'""
Fridayi January 14, 193^
Turner Discusses Aviation Progress To Kiwanians; Scribe Interviews Famous Flyer
Bj Jerr> Torrence, Jr. Before a eroo]) of 85 Kiwanians, yesterday noon. Colonel Roscoe Turner prave an informal talk on various phases of aviation and high speed flying. The Colonel came to Lafayette at the special request of one of Purdue’s most ardent boosters. “Doc” Andersbn, who claims the flier as a pei'sonal friend of his Referring to director G. S. Mer kle, of Pui due’s Research labora toi y, V ho shok’ed him around the campus, said Turner, “He showed us some development work going on at your great university which IS v’ry interesting to me. Pve al vays admired Purdue and its rep utation, but I had no idea of the progress being made here.” Aviation Safe Reading a long series of statistics, Colonel Turner attempted to prove that aviation is as safe as other methods of transportation. “I can 1 emember the time when, as a small boy m a small town, I would run and hide at the sound of a ti’ain whistle. It’s the same way with aviation today. Trains have been running for 80 years, while aviation is comparatively new. We, in aviation, have to educate people thjt aviation is not dangerous; this in spite of two recent crashes. “I specialize more or less in high .«peed flying, because, since the beginning of time, those people first and fastest in transportation and communication have been the lead-
ers.”
In Thompson Race Six Times “I’m the only man to enter the Thompson race six times. I won the trophy twice, but was disqualified once at the last minute. Of nine pilots who have won the trophy, only four aie living. I am certainly fortunate to be living. The trophy race is to aviation what the Indianapolis speed classic is to the motor car industry,” concluded the flier, in answer to a question fired at him by a querulous Kiwanian. “I’d like to see Diesel engines come into aeronautics. A plane wouldn’t catch fire in a crack-up, which is one of the gravest fears of fliers,” concluded the ace flier as he resumed his seat amid applause.
By Jim Woodson “Is this your first experience with fraternity life, Colonel?” we ventured, as Colonel Roscoe Turner, world-famed speed pilot, looked his appi'oval of the DU kitchen and^the steaming victuals therein. The Colonel had just voiced the sentiment that the kitchen was his favorite
spot.
“Yes, I believe it is. You see, up to now, I have spent so much time rushing around that I haven’t had time to do all the things I’d like to.” Clad in a blue officer’s uniform, tall* and sporting a wax mustache, Turner was obviously making a hit with the fellows. It was through the efforts of “Doc” Anderson that he had been persuaded to mal^ his first visit to a college fraternity house, and was considerably impressed by the way it was managed. Co-eds Not So Bad Questioned about the co-eds, as is every notable who visits the campus, he diplomatically replied that they didn’t seem as bad as the eds made them out to be. Shy of large crowds, he avoided the Union Building because of the large number of conference attenders. After dinner, he decided to let the fellows ask him questions instead of giving a formal speech. In answer to the first query, he replied that he had over 10,000 flying hours to his credit with “25,000 miles above 300 m. p. h..” He told of “blanking“out” while rounding a
Blackwell, Curry--
(Continued from page 1)
in the single ear class, with Curry winning the grand sweepstakes award, and Blackwell taking the reserve sweepstakes. Both boys exhibited ears of Reid’s Yellow Dent, Curry had previously won sweepstakes honors on both ^10 ear and single ear samples in section two of the state, while Blackwell had duplicated his feat in section three. The other sectional winners on 10 ear samples were Donald Cromer, of Rensselaer, in section one; Monroe Calendar, of Greensburg, in section four; and Miles Raisor, of Dillsboro, in section five. On single ears, the sectional winners were Elmer Phegley, Rensselaer, section one; Fred Cooper, Hope, section four, and Richard Lewman, Charlestown, section five. In the shelled sample competition, with all sections competing, blue ribbon honors went to Justin Redelman, of Greensburg.
Intramurals
Court 1—Dougherty 7:00—Ward 17 vs. Ward 13C. 7.T5—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta Chi. 8:25—Sigma Chi vs. Acacia. 8:40—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Xi. ' Court 2—Captain 7:00—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 15—Delta Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 25—SI^E vs. Beta T^eta Pi. 40—Ward 12 vs. Ward 6. Court 3—Humphrey 1:00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7:15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Triangle. 25—Ward 1 vs. Cary Hall 5. 40—Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. ‘
FOR RENT—Single room for men students, 440 North Salisbury. Phone 46633.
FOR RENT—Modern room next semester near campus and village. 107 Chauncey.
ROOM AND BOARD—Available for men students February 1 at 209 Vine street.. Phone 3210.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and
pylon in the National Air Races sevei’al years ago, and answered questions concerning one-bladed propellers and liquid cooled engines. But the Colonel’s train pulled out for Chicago atj6:05, so apologizing for his abrupt departure and promising that he’d “be back to spend a week-end” if they invite him. Colonel Turner left amid the shouted good-byes of the members.
CANDY BARS As Fresh as Can Be Bought. DAD’^S PLACE — So Handy
• Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOU'THWOR'TH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER — Locksmith F. Jos. Muihaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock senrice our specialty. li. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
Florist
MoJth J>husJ: Inc.
635 ifiXain St. in Luna Theatre Building: Phone 7955—8050
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK / DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
WeVe Got Everything
\
Though fickle your appetite for bakery goods, youll always find something to tempt it here.
I
Grave's quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W. L
FOR RENT—Double room, twin beds. 214 West Columbia.
WANTED—A roommate next seme^ter by a co-ed. 443 Wood sti-eet. Phone 46501.
WANTED—Thesis typing. Telephone 25044.
ROOMS—For girls; single beds. Innerspring mattresses. Phone 2423. Mrs. Guild. 276 Littleton.
LOST—Brown leather brief case. Contents valuable notebook. Reward for return of contents to K. E. Beeson, 35022.
Notices No bioticea Accepted After 8 p.m.
Freshman Swimming: Team: All members report January 12, 13, and 14 at 4 p. m. for final tryouts for the freshmanvarsity meet on January 16 —EASTWOOD.
Kappa Delta Pi: Those wKo^lan to attend regional conference at Ball State Teachers’ College in Muncie January 22, sign up in Professor McFarland’s office in the Education Building as soon as possible. —BYRD.
feasor Baldwin's oflioe January 4 p. m. —MARCUS.
Mixed Swim: Replacing the usual mixed recreation will be a mixed sVvlm Jhnuary 14 from 7:30 to 9:00 p. m. Hn the Memorial Gymnasium. _tUBBS.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committees meet in workshop January 14 at 4 P. m. TAYLOR, SAMUELSON, MILHOLLAND.. WAA Volleyball: Game to be played January 14 at 4 p. m. between Chi Omega'^and Collegiana. —RODERICK.
WAA Deck Tennis: The following contests must be played January 14 at 4 p. m.: Shroder and Swick vs. Clymer and ShoRy; Maier and Blank vs. Merritt and Neuman ; and Mounce and Morris vs. Jenkins and Cook, —JENKINS. Playshop: All students interested in properties in Playshop report to the theater office in Eliza Fowler Hall January 14 at 4 p. m, —ROBINSON.
Teachers’ Licenses: Freshman and sophomore women wishing teachers’ licenses in physical education meet January 14 in the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. m. for conference on schedules for the second semester. _ —HAZELTON.
Zouaves: The keys are at my address and may be obtained there at any time before January 20. —FRANCOS.
Reamer Club: Important meeting January 14 at 7 p. m in Union. —ROSS.
Cosmopolitan Editorial Staff: Meet in Pro-
Boxers: All men fighting January 16 meet in football dressing room at 4:80 p. m. for weighing in and physical examination. •—MAXWELL.
Ushers and Police: All ushers and police for the Saturday basketball game report at the southeast door of the Fieldhouse at 6 :30 p m. January 16. —SANDERS.
WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played by January 17: Muterstaugh vs. Plank r Stephenson vs. Beaudry; Horne vs. Schilling; Sebast vs. Hendrickson: and Guthier vs. Reimann. —BLANK.
WAA Shuffleboard: 'These games must be played January 14 at 4 p. m.: Delaplane and Maier vs. Ourand and Chandler; Stailley and Sutherlin vs Wiley and Schilling. —BLANK.
Sigma Delta Chi; Members meet in Union workshop January 14 at 7 :30 p. m. to work on signs. —HARDIN.
Sigma Delta Chi: Menihers meet in Exponent Union office January 14 at 6 p. nl. to turn in money and tickets. —GILBERT.
PIA Orchestra: Practice January 14 at 7 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. —SHINN.
Have you had your hat Crown Cleaned and blocked this year? Take a look at it . . . everybody else does . . . hasn't winter left her telltale marks. HATS CLEANED BY CROWN are repellent to water spots through a special process.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Mr. Merchant:
PURDUE EXPONENT
AWAKEN the public (including students of course) to the real values you have to offer in your Clearance Sale. They will buy (are we telling you?) if you let them know when to come to your store. You have the Merchandise . . . we have the traffic.. . An Ad in this space will send traffic through your store. ! ADVERTISING PHONE 5038
41
Al-