( JW ,l^‘% >-
' •‘14?
'«|
"I ‘
't
/ Xi'l
Express Views 'On Merger
r S|»0lltS E0ITOII gl Reviews Summer Athletrc Schedule
established 18^9
Ruin The Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 45
West Lafayette, ^jndima
Friday, Auguaf 2t, 194^
1 j Kill
Exponent, 'ln(jepen(jfnt Staffs Form Partnership
Pan-H^llenic Council AdoptsiNew Rush Plan Sororities Will Pledge After One Term Residence; Establish Index Minimum Adoption of a new plan of sorority rushing at the University which will require that freshman women must be, in residence for one term and achieve a satisfactory scholastic index before they become eligible for sorority pledging has been announced by Jane Ballard, president of the Women's Pan-Hel-lenic Council. The hew program, as announced by Miss Ballard, a senior in the School of Science, will supplant the old plan under which freshman Women Were “rushed” by sororities during their first
term of residence at the UhiR versity. According to Miss Ballard, the new plan, which was studied carefully by the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council before adoption, Will become effective with the opening of of the fall term the first ■week m September. Dean Stratton Comments Tn commenting on the action of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women at the University, said, “Obviously, this plan gives freshmen a chance to become oriented to the University environment and to academic work befoi'e they aie faced with the added emotional strain of rtishing. .It also gives an opportunity for them to become better ac;quainted with campus groups. (See COED RUSH, page 4)
Penalty Days By action of the Executive Committee, Augtist 21 and 22 are penalty days and any student who is absent from classed on either of these days is subject to a fine of $S.0O for each day missed. Excuses for absence cannot be granted on either of these two days but any student who anticipates absence and feels that he has a legitimate reason for asking relief from the penalty fee may put SUch request in writing 'and mail to the Dean of Men’s Office. These letters will be read between terms and if the reason given for absence is not acceptable, a penalty fee notice will be sent. F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of Men
M^ckeina Will Welcome Frpsh Stone To Explain keghtfation Process At Introductory Convo With an introductory convocation program considerably modified by the inroads the war has made among University oificials, the University on August 29 will welcome its sixty-
ninth freshman class.
The customary “Word of Welcome” will be spoken by Professor Frank U._Hockema, assistant to the President, in the "absence of President E. C. Elliott, who will take time off from his Washington duties the fol-
Transmifier Operators Must Register Sets Federal Communications Commission announced recently that all persons possessing any radio tians-
Fall semester playshog tryouts
lowing week for his first look will begin the first week in Septem-
at the freshmen at the special “Will to Win” convocation on
September 2.
A1 Stewart, director of the musical organizations, who will this year teach his ninth
Pubikathns Retain Individual Identifies Under Wartime Plan
' “if"''
Formation of a partnership between the Exponent and the Independent' was announced last night by members of both staffs. The new coalition will go into effect at the start of the next semester for the duration of the war. Main points of the agreement are that there will no longer/be two separate papers, and that both staffs will wotk together in the publishing
of the Exponent.
Official action on the change was taken by the Committee on Student Publications through the University publicity oflftce early last week. It was asked that the Independent cancel plans — for a freshman issue, and the request was granted.
Staffs Will Cooperate
Although definite arrangements pertaining to the relations of the two staffs in publishing the one paper have not yet been completed, the temporary set-up will consist of both staffs — cooperating to edit the paper,
while at the same time retaining their individual identities. Editorial men of both staffs will work together on issues of the Exponent, and periodically Independent staff members will put out an Exponent directed toward the independent student on the campus. The two staifs will be listed separately on the mast head, and it will be so arranged that
Over 160 rural youth members students interested in journalism from all coiners of the state will may work on either or both of them,
return to their homes today after ESections Separate
the closing sessions of the fifth an- ' separate elec-
Playshop To Hold
Fail Tryouts
September 3-5
her in Fowler Hall. AJl students interested in becoming members of the cast or crews for the fall productions will be interviewed from Thursday through Saturday. On Thuisday, September 8, there will be meetings at both 4 and 7 p. m., and on Fiiday and Saturday, Sep-
Rural Ymths Will Leave "
Today
Fifth An'rtuarl Leadership Training Sc^obf Clloses
mitting equipment must register it fi^®shman class to sing Hail Pur- tember 4 and 5, -the tryouts will with the PCC befoie August 26 bothered by the start at 4 and 1 p. m., respectively. -he rolmission has .tZTth.i Students who are interested in xhe Commission has sta ed a ^egm gathering at 6:30 in the working on stage ci-ews, such as
any equipment not registered would morning to wait for the Music Hall j^akeup, lights, sound effects, cos- ...
be subject to seizure by the govern- doors to open at 7:15 for the con- tttmes, stage properties, publicity Leadership Training School tions at the end of the year, and
ment. vocation at 8. This year he has ar- and caipentry, should attend these sponsored by the University 4-H offices on both papers will be A limited number ot applications a program of organ music meetings. “ -
for registration are available “Claudia” will open the season in thiough the-Umvefsity Radio Club, tW and listen to the air condt- October and will be followed by arid these may be obtained by get- watch the other “Watch on the Rhine” in December, ting in contact with Arthur West- arrive. rj-jjg jg ^ comedy on married nunt, 152 SliG6tz, plionc nuniber AftGi* tliG frcshineii ha-VG mas- life, and **W^atch on the Rhine** cen65004, (See ORIENTATION, page 4) ters aiound the German gestapo.
-- ^ .......... Indenpendent Writer Outlines History Of Paper From '2t-A2
First Issue Appears At Right By Bert Squier Originally the Purdue Independent staited as a house organ of tlib Puidue Independent Association. Its purpose, as stated by the editor in the first issue, was to print the news of the PIA and to interest nioie unorganized students in activities. First issue of the Independent appealed on the campus on December 14, 1927, just sBaien months after Lindbergh's non-stop flight to Paris as the Roaiing Twenties neared their peak. This edition, reprinted in part here on the front page, announced the Christmas Frolic and Reamer pledges on the front side. Two editorials atid advertisements filled .the reverse side. J. B. Beckman was the editor of this 8J4 x 11 inch single, buff-colored sheet. Tragedy In Headlines Two more issues spaced at two month intervals rounded out Volume I. The stiangest of all the stories appearing in the Independent came out in the headlines of the second, third and fourth issues. The headlines were like a three act play. The first read “August F. Monroe Nominated for Piesident of PIA", then “August F. Monroe Elected President of PIA” and the Freshman issue the next fall read “August F. Monroe Dies.” In 1928 prosperity had not yet gone around the cornei and with Volume II the paper increased to two pages and announced a circulation of one thousand. As a result of the many student losses caused by fires, PIA offered its three hundred members fire insurance policies at reduced rates through the Independent. First Coed Editor The crash of ’29 evidently did not bother the newspapei because its history through the depression has been one ol expansion. The number of issues was increased from three to nine in the school year 1930-.31. The Independent had its first and ^only coed editor-m-chief that year. Her name was Vivian Long. However, she only held thq office for one issue and then a man’s name appeared in the editoi’s place on the jmqst head'qg'ain. Bunco and bridge parties were the college .^d in 1931, we see by the pap^s. Perhaps to relieve some of the ppsimism caused by the deJSrSjgPENDENT, page 2)
The INDEPENDENT
Vol. 1 No. 1
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, December 14,1927
No Charge
club department in cooperation with tinned as in the past, the Indiana Farm Bureau. ... . ...
Action m combining the publica-
This morning’s program will be tions was in part precipitated by a devoted to “Planning the Com- general decline in advertising felt munity Service” with Naydeane over the whole country. Difficulty Walker, Jasper County, serving as in obtaining merchandise and the chairman and Walter Cleft, Han-’ large pool of buying power haff cock,CoMnty; Bill Streib, Blackford somewhat lessened the apparent County, and Fieida Sims, Putnam need for advertising. Anticipating County, appearing on the program, future difficulty along these lines. Final Session at Noon Today decided that the Independent The final session of the confer- publishing an indience will be a banquet to be held fur the duration of the
today at noon in the Union. The pro- -f
gram for the closing banquet is “ffo^ded the Exponent would
being arranged by a committee of
Rural Youth member^ and the gen- Partnership Temporary eral theme will be “What have we ’ ®3®®® .*^® P^^*’ accomplished during thi& confer- nershi^ will be dissolved and sepence ? ” arate publication will begin again. Yesterday afternoon’s program It" in""r u*’ waFdevoted to the advancement of ^anprs ° ^ rural culture anil Rural Youth mem- I believe there i#a definite
need tor the Independent on this
INDEPENDENTS CHANGE MEETING TIME TO GET LARGER ATTENDANCE
ROOM IN UNION STILL TO BE USED
Meetings to Be Held Every Tuesday Instead of Every Alternate Tuesday as Before.
In order to insure a more regular attendance at the meetings of the Independent Association, the time of the meetings was changed from every alternate Tuesday to every Tuesday by the board of directors at the regular meeting December 6. These meetings are open to all unorganized .students and are for the purpose of bringing matters of interest before the eyes of the unorganized students. Meetings are held at 7 o’clock in the P. 1. A. loom, a room in the southeast cornel of the basement oi the Memorial Union Building specially set aside for the" organization by the Union dirijctors and furnished by Florence A. Gates in memory of her son, Fredrick A. Gates.
H. G. REISNER WILL AWARD SCHOLARSHIP CUP -
As a special incentive toward better scholastic woik, a sterling silver cup is being awarded by Horace G. “Deac” Reisner to the members of the Purdue Independent Association with the highest class average duiing the previous .semesteis. A similar cup is awarded each yeai, it li?.iug worthy of special interest because it is one of the few prizes which may be won by either a man or woman. Last year. Merle Parvis succeeded in taking the cup with an aveiage of 97. The committe deterjnining the winner of the cup is composed of the president and board members of the Pin due Independent Association.
INDEPENDENTS ANNOUNCE PLANS EON FESTIVAL
bers Ruth Butz, Noble County; C.
C. Cochaid, Hancock County, and „„„„„ u .. .. j E,ton Willi™,, Bo.„eCo„„B,d,»- “S ".m*!!",, “ “
catnfus. When the war is over the
REAMERS INITIATE NEW MEMBERS MONDAY
The Reamer Club is an organization of non-fraternity men for the promotion of scholastic activities and the enforcement of campus tiaditions. Monday they initiated 16 new members:
Aldnch, S-J., ’30. Cain, J. O., ’30.
Douglas, P. W., ’30.
Eldson, D. A., ’30. Fox, A. H., ’28.
Haubersin, D. A., ’30.
Kouts, C. E., ’30.
Mais'lellar, J. P., ’30. Moni'oe, A. F., ’29.
Moore, M. 0., '30. Nagel, R. P., '29. Oxley, P. V., ’28. Pierce, N. R., '28. Raines, W. A., ’28.
Thistlethwaite, F. M., '28.
The members are selected from the unoiganized men for their scholarship
and for their leadership.
J
Last minute word from the committee is to the effect that jolly old Saint Nicholas will be at hand with gifts and favors for some of his favorites. The method of the determination of the foitiinates will be announced later. This dance is*one of a series of entertainments being given by the Purdue Independent Association for the purpose of-enabling its members to become bettei acquainted with each other. It will be informal. Moie get-to-gethers aie being planned for later dates. Since the affair is primarily for P. 1. A. members, a Pin due Independent Association membership card will serve in lieu of admission tickets, but at the request of a committee of three, ariangements are b6ing made whereby “non-baibs” may seeuie tickets for the nominal sum of $1.60.
arate publication again.”
David Barta, editor of the Independent, has said recently, “Of course we hate to have to quit pub-
Inforn^al Membership Dance in the Form of a Christmas Frolic to' be Held in Union Building Friday Night.
OPEN TO NON-MEMBERS
Santa to Distribute Gifts to Lucky Couples During the Evening — Famous Out - of - town Orchestra Booked tb Furnish Syncopation.
cusSed various phases of culture as
it affects rural people.
Culture Discussed Last Night <
Last evening’s sessions were de- lishing as a separate paper, but we voted to a forum conducted by El- do have the promise of the chairmer Gard, Lake County, on culture, man of the Committee on Student the Subject of the afternoon’s dis- Publications that the Independent ‘cussions. will start aga'ih after the war, and During the conference which be- we’re grateful to the Exponent staff 4:an last “^Monday, The Folk-a- giving us this opportunity to Whirlers, University recreational coritie down and jyork on their pa-
feroup, have conducted and helped Ser.” to demonstrate games and other
recreation.
A gaily decorated ballroom, a “redhot” ban4 and Santa with presents for the lucky couples are some of the attractions offered by the committee in their final ariangements for the “Barbs Christmas Frolic,” which is to be held in the Memorial Union Building Ballroom Friday night, I^cember 10. The festival will start ^omptly at 8, and all couples are mged to be on time so they may partake of all the frivolities. The Royal Haimonists, an eightpiece band with “instruments enough to endow Paul Whiteman’s boys” has been secured to furnish the syncopation for the affair. “It is only thiough a special trip and a broken engagement,” announces the chaiiman of the music committee, “that we are able to get these musicians who piomise seveial novelties and other departures fiom their regular function of furnishing unexcelled music.” The band is making a tour of the mid-western states and will stop off here on their way to Henderson, Ky., where they are to play for several Yuletide engagements. F. H. “Slim” Hulick, who has consented to furnish the decoiation which will transform the ballroom into a veritable tieasure room of tinsel and other Christmas ornaments, promises seveial electric jighted Christmas tiees, subdued lights, and confetti as part of his share of the scenery which will be altogether in keeping with the jolly of the season. ■
University Displays Cathode Ray Tube In Indianapolis
Mo Chill Li, CE '31, Writes Of Wartime Experiences In China
Some of the varied uses of the versatile cathode ray oscillogiaph are being demonstrated this week to thousands 6? lildianapolis penple through an exhibit by the Univer-
HAVE YOU GOT A DATE FOR THE CHRISTMAS flpUP
One Chinese graduate of the University, Mo Chih Li, who obtained a degree in civil engineering in 1931, has been meeting all the handlers of the war in China for five
sity'irthem'a'indTsplay Window according to a letter received
the L. Strauss & Co. store in the
capital city. ‘profs' during his stiffient days. ' 'usi.-i 1. • ■ i- ^ losing his^ belongings The exhibit, Which IS a minfattire two 'different times during the ckss Section, reprodhees in greeh Japanese invasion, the first time in seven diff^ent hgwes onthe screen 1937 and again in 1939, and of some of the cathode ray tube. Themys- hardships endm-ed by himterious appearance of these fibres, as well as vast numbers of his ' which are about five inches mdiam- countrymen. He returned from an eter provides a picture new to nefer- iaapection trip of the Burma road
ly all laymen. ^
Will Rt^main Next Week forces took it froih its Chinese and Frank 0. Nottingham, instrnctor BflLlsh defmiders. in Electrical Engineering, designed Revisit Campus the exhibit and with the assistance F6r some years Li has been on of John R. Clark, of the EE staff, the facidty of National Tsing Hua and George Heidenoerch, junior in University as professor of highway EE, put the display in place lai^t engineering. Li is due for Leave of Saturday night. They tvorked until alb^nce and wants to return to the the early hours of Sunday mornii^ campus for a visit and a year’s emin finishing the exhibit which has ployment on highway construction attracted so much attention this in the United States to gather in* week that the Indiahapolis firm formation and experience for use in plans to leave it in place all of reconstruction of his native next week instead of replacing it He expressed complete 'confidence Saturday night with another win- in ultimate victory over the ag^eadow. sor TMutionet'''•'•bV'-.' ' ■' • •;
W'
Page
ii'
..'.i' ifi*:
>'‘'T’-,i?K! ^ >>i ' ' ' C * '
Exponent Editorial Page
Friday, August 21, J
■«
y ■ • Purdue Exponent Offices; Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 * Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
I'tiitnr-i^-CUic( Now'S I'Mitor .ManaiiinR Kditor.... Sporis lOditor^ Hjisino.ss MniiaRcr ( irriilnlion Manugcr Card lOdUor
John F. Amos Don T. Brc'phy ..John H. Armsli-ng Robert L. Ha loy .. .William D. Mil ard Ken K. Gjtsire Alice Chatiield
Publication Staff Asaociate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, ,W. G. HosKine, r. Hunter, 1). W. Ochiltree. W, E. Eafert. Sports .Staff: D. E. Bre-wer, J.,S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. Coed Stall : Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff} tilled Business Manager : Julia M^in. Aflvoriising Managers:'J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Tprrenga. a .Junior t^oed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Niglit Editor: Hunter Sports Editor: Dav-on llr.j Editor : Lauer • Issue Editor: Stepher.-on Rcpnrlers: Squier, Miller. Murphy, Vegh, Kimball.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafsyiclte. Indiana, under the act of'Congress of March 3, 1879, end "t the rpeeial rate of postage provided for in section 1103, ret of Ocloher 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Publi-ined I'p iVed’n. sdoy, Friday and Sunday mornings during the Eumni r .leniiKler and dailv except Monday during the fall end v.inler^.^'ine.stfTK. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.26 lor luninnr I'.i mester ; mailed .subscription $1.60. Ill presented for national advertising by National Adver''Sinir .S. rvice, Ine., College Publishers Representatives, 120 Tih.di'on .Avo.. New York, N. Y..
Our Merger ... Bowing .to Mars, the Exponent anti the Independent have combined for the duration of ■ tile war. We plan to make the paper the best possible combination of the two. • The primary purpose of any newspaper, our own included, is to bring news to its reader.s. Secondary in importance; but vital in iho maintenance of a newspaper is paying for publishing the paper. Of the publishing cost only a very small part is borne by the readers. The great part is paid for by the advertisers. ^ Because of the war, many business men have had to cut their advertising budgets. And then, too, many products are no longer advertised because they are no longer available. The decrease in advertising has affected newaiiapera and magazines very, seriously. Some magazines like the Saturday Evening Post and Colliers have increased their sales price. Some papers have done the same. Other papers have decreased the number of pages they publish. Both the Independent and the Exp(^nent have felt the pinch, too. They are both still •solvent. But just how long they would have been able to continue that conditions as separate papers is doubtful. During the last war the Exponent, which was the only paper at the time, had to suspend publication for a semester. We do “not know whether the same thing will be necessary this:: time or not. And it is against such an event that tlie pi’osent merger is designed to guard. Speaking for the Exponent staff, we are plea.sed to welcome the newspapermen from the Independent as part of a unified staff. Their help 'will he valuable in making the Exponent ah improved and more representative newspaper. The spirit of cooperativeness that the members of the Independent have
shown should be highly commended. It is this spirit when evidenced throughout the country that will win the war.—John Amos. For The Duration.. . Starting the first of next semester there will be only one newspaper on this campus. The story of the Independent-Exponent partnership is on the first page of this issue. Naturally enough, we of the Independent don’t feel too good about the action which has been taken. We would be hypocritical if we claimed to enjoy the new set-up as well as the old. It isn’t imaginable that the staff of any •paper would enjoy having their paper .taken away from them for any reason. - Not only, that, blit there has been and still is a need on this campus for a newspaper concerned primarily with independent students. . At the present time, however, there is a much bigger issue involved than the feelings of this or any other staff. This country is engaged in an all-out effort to win the war, and there are many sacrifices to be made by every- . one. It may be hard to see how the discontinuance of a small college paper can help the war effort, but papers all over the country are closing their doors because of financial difficulties, and it is to pr^fient something like that from happening on this campus that the two papers have gone into partnership. It is not to be understood, however, that at the time this temporary merger was effected either paper was in dire financial need. ^ .The action taken was more of a preventative measure than a remedial one. The need for the Independent which existed on this campus before, has not decreased since the 4Var began. Since this need is present, and' since the Independent will not be printed as such, its staff is moving down to work with the Exponent, It is hoped that in this way the independent student will have some of the services offered him in the Independent. The cardinal principal around which this partnership is built is the assumption that when the war is over the two papers will divide once again. It is with this object in mind that the relationship is set up. it is hoped that they may maintain their individual identities, so that separation will he more expedient after fighting ceases. For the present, the important point is cooperation between the two staffs. We of the Independent are grateful to the men on the Exponent for the cooperation they have given us to date, and from the way the partnership has stai'ted it promises to be a successful one.—David Barta.
GIHN'AIW BltUMT
By Lichly
£
Anderson Lectures K. E. Kline Announces At Coaching School j^gg,j„gj
iT-
Iowa City, Aug. 20—Daily lectures on technical phases of football now are being given by Dr. Eddie Anderson, University of Iowa coach, at the coaching school at Spirit Lake sponsored by the Iowa High School Athletic Association. , The Hawkeye coach will complete his contributions to the program Friday. Among his topics are football fundamentals, defensive tactics against the “T” formation, Notre Dame offense and its variations, and unusual offensive and de-
fensive formations.
Dr, Anderson, upon his return to Iowa City, will complete preparations for the opening of Hawkeye football practice Tuesday, Sept. 1, when some 50 candidates will re-
port.
“I think-the grocer takes advantage of my inexperience—he knows I’m a new bride because we don’t owe him anything— yet!”
University Calendar Wednesday, August 19
Post Office Urges Student Notification Of Address Changes Students who are changing, their addresses at the end of the fall term to either a new address on the campus or an address off the campus are being urged by the post office department to notify magazine
publishers of these changes.
When the magazine companies hre not notified of these changes i.n address, the post office is swamped with recent magazines which they
cannot deliver. ,
Of Safety Institute Captain K. E. Kline, of the Industrial Protection Division of the University Public Safety Institute, has announced that the first of a series of monthly evening meetings to be held ip eight regions of the state for members of industrial protection units has been scheduled for
next month.
The meetings in September will be held in the following cities: East Chicago on September 2, South Bend on Septeinber 3, Fort Wayne oh September 9, Kokomo on September 10, Muncie on September 16, Indianapolis on September 17, Terre Haute on September 23, and in Evansville on September 24, Captain Kline said that tlje program for the first series of meetings will include a discussion of the war phases of protection and sound slide films on the police, fire and safety phases of protection. The meetings will close with a round table discussion of protection problems.
Friday, August 21
Leadership Tr,lining School for Ind. Rural Youth..... 4:00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club Meeting.........
.Memorial Union Building .Room 304, Union
■« •• Hays Jewelry Co. ^ 131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Band Uniform Receiving Ends Tomorrow Old band members who have uniforms to sell must contact 2nd Lt. R. K. Cast, supply officer of the band by tomorrow. Uniforms purchased after September, 1940, are the only ones that will be accepted
for resale.
Prices for the ai'ticle.s of the 1940 uniforms are as follows: coats, !p9.00; trou.ser.s, ,$6.25; garrison hats, $1.76; field caps, $.90; fourragerre, $.75; two . P. U. emblems and two lyres^ $.60.
Nazis can buy only bread that is four days old—because the harvest
is uncertain. , .
The, steel in one hand cornsholler would make three 6-inch'shells.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
LUMA
LAST DAY —2 HITS
ONA MUNSON mCiUARO LANE
PLUS
Sfavjujl SDupSA,
DR. PAUL a. risk DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HARbLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. • Lafayette
John F. Keith ... a former member of the M.E. class of ’41, and member of Acacia fraternity, has been promoted to the rank of Second Lieutenant in the army air corps. Lt. Keith is stationed in India.
Independent (Continued from page 1) pi'c:s;;ion or perliaps just to fill ; viaco, the Independent printed its fii'.'-.L jokes in that same year.. Dances Wi re lield at Allen’s in those days end the PIA v/as on hand as usual to offer dancing le.s.son.s to its members. The ratio mu.st have been even worse in 1935 than it was this summer because the de.sperate males of the campus set up a unique date Ijureau. Each ed was charged twen-ty-five cents to register with the bureau and ten cent.s for each date
that they got for him. The first "dill” column very subtly ( ?) titled "The Dust Cloth” (because it picks up dirt) also appeared in 1936. In 1936 under the editorship of Dave Meaeham, a period of rapid growth began. The paper enlarged its staff and started its policy of coming out regularly every other Monday. October of that year marked the beginning of a war on smoking on the campus led by Gimlets, Reamers and Gold Peppers who pledged themselves to stop campus smoking. Growing bolder as its age increased, the Independent published its first razz edition in 1937. By this
time the paper had added an extra column and had a regular spoils page and coed corner. In conjunction with the Exponent and PIA, the Independent conducted a survey of student housing conditioms during the 1937-38 term. Three years ago the size was increased again to five columns and the next year the paper reached its up-to-recently size of six columns. For the last six years the paper has not been without a humor column. “Say what you please” was a popular feature for several years. As the number of columns increased, the scope of the paperjwas widened to include all campus news.
Now Playing Every Nife and Every Sunday Afternoon BUD RODERICK and his orchestra from the campus of the University of Illinois Popular Prices
New Roller Rink, Modern Bath House, Rides, Amusements, Toboggan Slide Free Adm. Free Parking
J* ^
-TODAY - SATURDAYTWO TOP tf^^WJESTERN STARS In One Smash I
A Colombia Picture •AND —
tMal HoGcU
lamem —TODAY - SATURDAY—
VAN, HEFLIN
OWNS
StarHng SUNDAY POWELL LAMARR
—^Coming THURSDAY — Mrs. MINIVER
plus ■
Serial No. 14 • —ALSO — LATEST "PATHE NEWS'
MAilS -LAST TIMES TODAY— Preston FOSTER Patricia MORISON Starts TOMORROW or the ' SIMICK GEO. BRENT GERALDINE FITZGERALD
.ith Donald Crisp ■ Nancy Coleman • Gene Lockhart LARRY SIMMS • DOKALo WOODS ■ Diiecltd by IrvIng Flapper
BUT SrH/MPS end B0WD5 ot Tfcli WMI^
NEW
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
A One Man Blitz! A YANK IN LIBYA with , H. B. WARNER JOAN WOODBURY PARKYA KARKUS — -PLUS-r—
Just a Jerk—On the Loose! HARRY LANGDON in HOUSE OF ERRORS
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Warner Bros, hitarlous new -m JACK CARSON . EUGENE PALLEnE' HERBERT ANDERSON w ELLIOTT NUGENT
PSSST! I KNOW WHERE YOU CAN \ GET M O R E IN C ASH OR TRADE
niMnpi“ f
m
Fridayf August 21^ 1^42
Boilermaker Sports
‘'i i-* ' y 7 " k ."'•-*':i*;V4 - A
Football Expert Gives opo^ts Communique« gojiermakers Offer Attractive Home ^ •* s<* . By Bob Hadley ^ ,, ^
Opinion Of Riveters “. . . the backs are adequate, the line is problematical and the schedule is murderous,” thu^ James S. Kearns, football expert, sutns up the Boilermaker picture for the coming football year in an article written for Street and Smith’s 1942 “Fdotball Pictorial Year Book”. In the article Kearns describes this year’s Riveter schedule as “the toughest competition with assistance from Ed Cycenas, any Purdue team has ever junior who appeared so promisfaced ” spring drills. Out of _ ’ ,, . , . , eight halfback candidates, veterans The author points out that Berto and Andietich are most likethe coming schedule, meeting ly ±o take over the positions, Pordham, Vanderbilt, Northwest- Alex Luego, out because of a knee ern, Ohio State, Wisconsin, Iowa, injury last year, will probably be Great Lakes, Michigan State, Indi- ready to go again this fall to fill in ana and Camp Shelby in that ord^r, the gap left by center Bob Johnson, does not offer Elmer Burnham’s who played almost every minute charges apy breathing spells, nor last seasCn. Sophomoie Dick Bar-
wegen is Burnham’s big hope in one of the gaurd places. Bill Powers, the only guard with experience, will fill in the rest of the line’s mid-
section.
Powers Rates Iowa As Much Improved Iowa City, Aug. 20-—“More speed, more weight, bettei reserves—these sum up Dr. Eddie Anderson’s clinical repoit as he starts his fourth season in the long corn country,” wiites Francis Poweis in the Illus-
tiated Football Annual.
The aiticle on Iowa by Powers says, “pel haps not championship class but the best the country doctor
•Quarterback Post Filled Nile Kinnick’s According to Kearns, major letter- I^onmen of happy memoiy.” men Bob Hajzyk and Rocky Snyder ^e says that Dick Hoerner, full-
will piobably take over most of the
woik offered in the quarteiback spot ^hat Tom Farmer, left half, “is as brisk and authori-
tative a triple-thieat back as the conference will see.” * “Too many maybe’s from tackle to tackle would seem to bar the Hawkeyes from the championship fight, but this is a maybe season, please remember,” Powers says.
does it figure to help the Boilermaker’s development to any great
extent.
Same Form Of Attack
According to the summary, Burnham will maintain a large part of the eleven’s former attacking style which is similar to the Notie Dame pattern. However, he plans to make more use of the shoit-punt foimation used succesfully, from time to time, by Mai Elward last season. Burnhtim’s first year will be no easy task with a squad badly riddled by graduation and depaiturd to the services to work with. Tony Beito, Johnny Andretich, Alex Luego, Barry French, Bruce Waiien, Ewell O’Biyan, Bill Shimer and LaVern, King form the hand full of veteians left as a foundation for the Riveter mentor to begin constiuetion on.
GREETING CARDS
fOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store
Acroaa From Union
id** Sammons *29 **Doo*’ Epple *40
That long-awaited $5 day, August 22, is finally, just about here, and half the populace around the University has had its extra Shirt packed for about a week, ready to take off for more verdant country than is Lafayette in the eyes of a student/ It hasn’t been as bad a summer as was predicted—it wasn’t 120 in the shade .. . often,. . and just to be on the safe side with regard to heat prostration a good many went light on the studying and class attendance. To get back to our department, the summer’s effect on sports ai^d sports interest around the University has been gratifying to those who engineered the program. Of course, it has been difficult to find something to take the place of the varsity sports, which ordinarily keep spirit alive during regular years. Probably by next yeai*, the sports program during the summer will be emended to intercollegiate campaigns as in the regular terms. This year’s program sprang -almost from nowhere when the need for it arose, and it has filled its job. „ The most important factor about the intramural program just'completed was the active paldicipation by men who in ordinary times would put their feet back on the couch and let the more muscular go out and perspire. With many organizations undermanned, ‘duVto the large number of men, allegedly of superior intelligence, out of school, a lot of fellows who needed the exeicise were pressed into service. Some have said that the schedule was too heavy because many ^ sports overlapped and, in most cases, the same men participate in the majority of the contests. There is logic on both sides, but anyhow
it spr^^the participation around.
Interest was higher in the extended softball campaign that at any time si^ce we have been around here. The 18-game schedule gave teams a chance to develop into real softball contingents—something that the regular semester 5 or 6-game schedule fails to allow. Some of those teams who played together all summer were playing formidable baseball when
the last games rolled around.
There’s a gang of husky football players that have been building up muscles all summer working around the University, and who have been ^working out on their own to prepare for the first practice sessions September 1, and for the long and tough se^sbn that will follow. From the looks of things, when the fellows who will report at the first practice session join Bill Shimer, Bill Powers, Tony Berto, Chuck Harris, Tex Smerke, Forrest McCaffry, LaVerne King, Frank Ruggieri, Pete DeMaria, Ed Cycenas, Carl Volkman, A1 Luego and the other players that have been working out, Elmer Burnham will really have some material to mold a gridiron outfit |mt of. Individual stars? There’ll be some. Pinky Wairen and Bairy Fiench, who saw a lot of seivice last year, will make it tough iop travel thiough the tackle positions. In the backfield are a lot of men who were plenty good last year and should be better. A lot of the backfield load will be cairied by men who never before had much of a chance to peiform. But most impoitant of all they’ll be a real team. They’ll be worth watching.
Schedule; Fordham Here Sept 26
NOTICE Apologies to the Clevett family and the younger generation from the Exponent are in order. It was not the “Chief” who finished first in the All-Campus bicycle race held last Tuesday night. “Chief” Jr., Bud Clevett was the winner.
Thumb Nail Sketc{hes Of Riveter Rivals Indicate Tough Season
Ross-Ade Stadium will provide the setting for the most attractive home schedule in Boilermaker football history this fall. Four major opponents—Fordham, Wisconsin, Great Lakes, and Indiana—will invade the horse-shoe structure on the Riveter campus for a series of titlts that wilf be packed with gridiron dynamite. Tfi pre-season forecasts, all four of the Boilermakers’ home
~h
foes have been tabbed for hi^h honors, either nationally or in Big Nine competition.*
No “Opener”
There will be no “opener” in
Thumb nail sketches of the prospects of the Riveters’ eight hL?^schedut collegiate gridiron rivals this fall, as published in the recently staits off on Sept. 26 against Fora^f issued “Illustrated Football Annual”, have merely served to ham’s defending Sugar Bowl chamemphasize the difficulty of Jhe ambitious schedule that will pions, a rugged combination that is face Coach Elmer Burnham’s Boilermakers during the c^m- l^^ing touted for No. i east- . em honors and another Bowl bid. ing season. < » The Rams, noted for their versatile Here’s the lineup of prospects of Purdue’s collegiate foes style of attack, boast an unusual — - this fall, as sketched by the aggregation of veteran backs, head-
Annual’s staff of critics: ed by Steve Filipowicz, known as FORDHAM-“Zowie! Big ^ pT""
, driver and passing star, and Joe
guns of the backfield primed Andiejco and George Cheverko, the for a Bowl blitz. The line touchdown twins from Hazelton,
packs plenty of skilled tonnage Pa- » though gieen in spots. The B. C. Wisconsin Next
clash may decide the eastern cham-
pionship.”
VANDERBILT — “Thumbs up! Circumstances have shot holes in the line but some nifty newsters have arrived in the nick of time. Given the bieaks, Vandy may go
Ag Chems Defeat Ward 27 To Cop Softball Crown
The next home stand will find Wisconsin providing the Homecoming attraction on October 24 in the twenty-seventh renewal of a timehonored series that has been notable for its upsets. The burly Badgers, with a virtually veteran aggregation ,have been ranked right behind Minnesota in the Big Nine title chase, with Pat Harder, leading conference scorer last season, as the wheel-horse of a hard-dnv-
Notice
All lockera in the Fieldhouse must be vacated before noon, Aug. 22, if the $1.00 key and towel deposit is to be claimed. —cleveTt
SWEATERS‘"'SKIitTS look new after Sanitone dry cleaDing
Maury Mahns To Play For First Fall Mixer Maury Mahns and his band will play for the first fall mixey, which will be held from 8:30 tilL 11:30 p. m. on Saturday, August 29. Both Union ballrooms will be used, but no decorating will be done. The dance is not limited to freshmen, but it is for the purpose of helping them get acquainted. The tickets will sell for the usual price of.$1.10 per couple. A faim laborer conscripted by the Nazis in Posen poisoned the chickens and pigs of his “employer” by adding artificial fertilizer to their fodder. He was Executed.
the Ag Chems, 5 runs, 3 hits, no errors, with one man left on base. For Ward 27, no runs, 3 hits, 3 errors, and 3 men left on base.
In the finals-of the Ward Softball Tourney, the Ag Chems triumphed over Ward 27 by the score of 5 to 0, Wednesday night. Hurlers Harper for the Ag Chems and Brown forward 27 each limited their oppon- far.
ents to three hits, but the Ag Chems NORTHWESTERN “With Otto were aided by three bases on balls Grlam Bob Moti and Bud and three errors. Hasse catching, the Wildcats will The Ag Chems opened the scor- be ever dangerous. Not in the backfield
ing by tallying three runs in the championship flight perhaps, but the Sailors Here Nov 7 initial frame on three walks an er- champs better not forget to duck There will be u™i Hoosier, as lor, and a double by Hatfield. They against them.” national, interest focussed again hit pay dirt in the second on OHIO STATE-“The new team on the service game with the Alltwo Ward 27 errors. Then final jg ^ complete overhaul job, and un- Star Great Lakes eleven that will
less youngsters develop phenomen- provide the “Dad’s Day” attraction ally this is not a Buckeye year, on November 7. The sailors, with They If be in the thick of the fight, a host of former collegiate and prothough, for the consolation prizes.” fessional stars available, will be WISCONSIN — “Three-star spe- coached by Lt. Tony Hinkle, former cial. The 'Badger has grown new Butler mentor, who will feel perhair up front, and the scoring sys- fectly at home directing a team
marker came in the last of the fourth when Schall tripled and was brought home on Roedel’s fly to
center field.
On the other hand. Ward 27 was being held in check by the slants of pitcher Harper and the faultless
fieldrng on the part of the Ag operates on the 60-hour week. Chems. They were retired one, two, ^ lack of poise and consistency is three in the first and third innings, ^^e big hurdle ahead.” J
Dohrmann opened the second with
against the Riveters. In all probability, a number of fornler Hoosier collegiate stars, including Bob John-
IOWA—“The prospect is fair center, and Frank^Bykowski,
a double, but was left stranded as and hopeful. Some propping is need- guard, former Boilermakers, will be the next three men went out rn or- ^ i„,,„ded on the Great Lakes squad, del. Harper also gave up singles brigade of backs will fill the air The collegiate finale aaginst the in the fourth and fifth, but both fleeting feet and well-flipped Hillenbrand-led Hoosiers from were ineffectual toward getting jgather ” — — -j- - -
anyone across home plate. '
The totals for the game were: For MICHIGAN ^ATE “More if-
if-if. It’s rebuilding year at East
Deac’s We Will Buy Your Second Hand Books Now We Pay 50% CASH or 60% Trade-In H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE — ESTABLISHED 1908 — Student Books and Supplies 325 STATE ST.
Lansing—the entire line and half the backfield gone the sheepskin route—but if super sophs deliver the Spartans will be no more than
a shade behind ’41.”
INDIANA — “Billy Hillenbrand cannons in a boom-boom backfield and sophomoie militiamen post sharper bayonets along the line.
Bloomington will provide a fitting climax for the home card on November 21. Indiana, tabbed as the No. 1 Big Nine darkhorse, welded the fifth “I” link on the chain of the Old Oaken Bucket in its seventeen year history last season, and with a wealth of material in both line and backfield has its heart set on retaining possession of the coveted
trophy.
Ticket Sales High
„ , j j . XT 1 ^ - Judging from early ticket sales.
Here s candidate No. 1 for surprise
team of the conference season.” attractiveness of the 1942 Add the gridiron ^tentialities of home schedule, for on August 21 the Boilermaker’s two service riv- the sale of season tickets for home als, the All-Star Great Lakes eleven games was running 81 per cent and the Camp Shelby powerhouse, ahead of the same period last year,
to the list of collegiate foes, and it’s easy to understand why Elmer Burnham feels that his initiation into Big Ten coaching ciicles is going
to be a strenuous affair.
R, E, Insley
Alpha Chi Rho
. . . ’40, editor.of the Exponent, recently reuned in New York City with W. Frederick, ’40, managing editor, and J. C. Willsey, ’40, also of the Exponent. Mrs. Insley, the former Joan Geer, science ’41, was
also present.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Richard F. Buchholz, Fort Wayne; (
C. Marshal Bush, Dwight, 111.; Wil- j To make one pound of aluminum ham W. Lowe, Jr., Westfield, N. J.; requires the use of as much electric William E. Morgan, Jr., Brooklyn, current as is used in the average N. Y., and Gerard N. Vriens, Mount American home over a period of Vernon, N. Y. more than three days.
FOR YOUR USED OOKS!
BRING THEM TO
PIRMBOCK&SIPPLY STORE
308HO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INU
r <
Jjf'A K *
i\y’
/
Purdue Eitponeut
Lt party W. Haf^ . .'. CE ’42, a'nd Anna Mae Will'd,
Friday^ August il, 1^42
iM’bDori Stores department omdaisCdii
Holds Annual ke Harvest
Personnel Notes
chemistry Majors: In the school of Scjloe finishing in Augnst, 1042, should rOTort
at my olfice, 422 Chera
earliest convenience.
By Pat Miller Handling everytliing from rail- ' road rails, ties and coal, to postage fitamps and stationery, the. stores department of the Monon Eoalroad ‘hfes groyrn from a small branch in 1914, which bought supplies for the shops, to a'large department with -general divisions into Which ai e ' Classified ^ery part of the supplies 'used by the railroad. The office of the Monon stores djepartlnent is located at the Monon Shops. The lines of this depaitment closely fpllo'W the fundamental principles laid down by the American Association of Railroads, which •grew out of a general railroad storekeepers meeting in Denver in 1903. The Railroad Storekeepers Association, as the group called themselves, is now division No. 6 of the AAR. These regulations cover everything from practices 'in handlj^g scrap to accounting. Worse than the income tax reports, priority form No. 351 is now the railroads’ key “to have, or not to have materials”. This system of classification proved its use when the priority forms came out based on this same system. All railroads Mchich use another system must either change their system oi get interpreters to r-econcile their own terms to the priority order's. And the priority orders must be correct down to the last decimal. Winter Harvest Unique in the duties of this department is the annual ice harvest at Cedar Lake near Crown Point. Back in 1912 the railroad started out on its own in the only Midwestern winter harvest, the ice harvest. Strangely enough, the Consumer’s Ice Company’s ice house on the shores of Cedar Lake burned dowm from around a 5,000 ton mountain of ice. The mountain of ice, slightly melted, was used, but the train , crewk using it in caboose ice boxes complained of the srqell of smoke. When the UonsurVier’s Company decided not to rekmild the ice house, the railroad had tff^tai't harvesting their own ice to kej^ fronr wearing it out hauling it around before it finally reached their own line. Harvest 75 Loads a Day The fii’st winter thirty carloads of ice were harvested, now' seventyfive cars per day may be loaded. In 1931 and 1932 the northern Indiana climate was so balmly all winter that very little ice could be cut, but in the w’inter of 1936 Mother Nature turned off the heat for so long that 12,000 tons were harvested, most of it at a temperature between 12 and 15 degrees below zero. Standing orders were for the men not to come out if it was below 15 below, but one day they worked at 18 below because by noon it was nice and warm again, only 12 below. Horses were originally used to cut the ice out in big rafts with a plow. While Dobbin wondered why he was plowing the south forty in the dead of winter, workers used pike poles to complete the cutting that the ploy started w'ith rts perforating furrow's. The rafts were then broken up into blocks that were pulled up to the freight cars and loaded. Use Gasoline Plows ^ Gasoline plows have now replaced the hoi.ses and ice may be cut at almost any thickness. Besides being faster, "the plow's don’t get tangled in the harness w'hen they fall in the lake. • An el6cti ic chain pulls 22-inch square blocks of ice up to the line of fiVe fi eight cars tvhere each pole man pulls in a certain block of ice. The boss pacing ..„^p and down the loading platform resembles a ci'oss between a football coach and squadron leader as he instruct evei'y man to take every third cake of the next forty, every sixth one for the next twenty, and et cetei'a to keep the loading going evenly. If one of the potle men gets in a hurry and “hogs the ice” the whole loading outfit is thrown as badly out of line as an essembly line in the Ford aiiplalribmlant, w'hich finds itself with to^ma/iy right wings. The harve.st is stored in lai'ge ice houses from which it is taVeu-t^r cool refrigerator cars, drWking water, i-ound-hou.ses, .shops and over-heated passengers.
Orient^fioti
(Continued from page 1) tered the elementary principles of yelling as done at the University, R. B. Stone, registrar, will start the freshmen on the intricate process of registration with instructions in filling out forms. The lettering exercises which c&used last year’s freshnign so much agony and produced such small results at registration have been left off the program this year. Following the introduction of Acting Dean of Women Clare Coolidge and Fred 1. Goldsmith, Dean of Men, H. H. Remmers will explain the orientation tests. The psychological exairrination and the English placement test will take up the remainder of the morning) and the tests will be finished in the afternoon when each freshman writes his English composition. Freshmen Meet Deans At 3:15 , At 3:15 the freshmen will meet the deans and department heads of their schools, and at 9 the Student Union will introduce the freshmen to the lighter side of campus life with the first mixer of the season. Special church services will be held on Sunday for the freshmen. Friday night in the South Ballroom of the Union the University Religious Council will sponsor its annual get-acquainted party. Physical Exkms Monday On Monday physical examinations for men and women will begin, and the mathematics training and home economics placement tests will be given. On Tuesday those freshmen who came the earliest to the Music Hall on Saturday and were rewarded with the lowest numbers will register. Registration will continue all day Wednesday and regular class work for new and old students alike will begin Thursday.
Alumni Secretary Hears From Former Sports Editor
Rolfo Jenkins, ’40, foii'mcr Exponent sports editor, resigned his job with a St. Louis newspaper to join the United States Marines and’"since then has been in coriespondence with Eth Baugh, general alumni, secretary. Jenkins was stationed on Midway Islafid in June when the Battle of Midway took place. In his most recent letter Jenkins complimented the University on starting the naval school, and s.ays “Lt. Comm. Elward will put in some good licks in the Navy, I’m sure.” Jenkins writes that he is pleased thatJDr. Elliott is with McNutt and knows that every blow they get in is one for him aird vice veisa. .He also congratulated the University music department and Al Stewai t on the Fred Waring contest and stated that he is a 100 per cent booster of the Glee Club and the Spotts’ Band.
Coed Rush
NYA All students who expect to make application for'NYA work this year, please report to the Personnel Office immediately. A special assignment will require all those who can work on August 29, 30 and 31. —VOGLER
(Continued from page 1) Moreover, it provides an’ added incentive for doing good academic work durmg the first term on campus. From the standpoint of the sororities it gives a better chance to become acquainted with the freshman girls and eliminates the girl who has' no real academic interests.” No Divided Loyalties 4i Dean Stratton also pointed out that the University Residence Halls will have irruch inoi e opportunity to work with the freshmen titan ever before since for one term there will be no irroblem of divided loyalties between the place where the freshman lives and the house to which she is pledged. “In my judgment,” said Dean Stratton, “the members of the Council and the sorority advisors deserve our commendation for their courage and then' willingness to think in terms of the total University situation rather than simply in terms of rushing a new group.
(Editor’s Note: The following article has been released by the Olfice of War Infermaiion). “Out of the frying P^n into the firing line.” That’s the motto for all patriotic Ameiica'ft women to emblazon—at least metaphorically— oh the walls of their kitchen for the duration. The nation is calling for the salvage of some 600 million pounds of fats and greases ordinarily thrown out from frying pans, roasting pans and broilers into the garbage pail, and it intends to send those fats straight to the fightipg fronts. Fats Yield Glycerine Naturally, they won’t be sent in the state they’re in \i?hen they’re poured into the grease salvage cans which from now on must stand on the back of every kitchen stove in the country. Fats yield glycerine. And it’s as glycerine that these fats will find their way into the firing line, both in medications for wounded fighters afid as an important part of certain explosives. The war in the Pacific shot holes in our imports of essential fats and oils. Over half of them come from the Philippines, the Dutch East Indies, and Malaya, now in the hands of the Japs. It’s to help make up this loss that the country’s kitchens are being enlisted in the drive to save the fats which we used to waste. Save Beef Drippings These fats are the drippings left in the plan when the menu calls for roast beef, roast lamb, roast ham, or roast poultry; the succulent melting from broiled steak, lamb chops, veal and bacon; the lard or vegetable shortening in which the doughnuts and french fries and other deep fat cookings are done. A coffee or vegetable shortening can makes the ideal container for the salvaged fats. These cans are wide-mouthed and that makes it easy to pour the fat in. A one-pound coffee can holds two pounds of fat; but if a vegetable shortening can is used, the weight of the fat will be just about' what the weight of the shortening was. Request Use Of Old Cans Glass containers weigh too heavily to figure accurately the weight of the fat coritents. Paper containers are apt to leave part of their shins in with the fat when the ren-
both qf Winslow, were mar''.^ August 7 at Riverside, Calif. Lt. Hale entered the Army soon after his graduation, and received hiS commission in the aviation branch of the service. Lt. Hale and his bride will reside in Riverside, Calif., for the present.
fay.
M. F. Disney
.,. ’40, has been transferred from New York to Brazil for a six months’ stay, in the employ of Pan American Airways. Mrs. Disney, the former Miss Ella Lou Sexson, ’40, has returned to the home of her parents in Lafayette to stay during Mr. Disney,’s absence.
Federated Metals Division, American SmeRing & Refining Co., WhitA ing. Indy—Interested in seniors with a phemistry rnajof. Sign in Persbnil Office before 3:00 P. M. Thurs-
', August 20.
Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilm Dam, Ala.—Interested in Chemy majors and Chemical Engirs. Will visit campus later. Sign Personnel Office before 4:00 P. M. ■Ut.sday, August 20. S. Civil Service Commission ices openings for junior phy-
Rndii) Amateurs: RcK'ster TranmBitting tqujpmcnt with FCC
HKN Actives and Pledges: Porittal initiation in Room 307 of the Union at 6 p. m. followed by a bnniiuet'at 6 p. ra. R^m ■—KHiJfeU Sighia Delta Psi Mcnfliers: Local keys aro availablo for members. Get them at once. Pay Prank McGirr.
G. E. II and G. E. 12 Exam For removal of “C’ grades will be held September B at 1 o’clock, Room 201, Michael Golden Shops. -RISING
Radio Amateurs: Register transmitting equuimont befoie August 25, 1”942. —WESTNEAT
derer starts to process it. So instructions are to use only tin cans unless it’s absolutely impossible to get them. The container must be scrubbed well before it is used. Foreign matter lessens the value of the fat. That’s why the instructions say to strain the fat into the can. But it isn’t necessary to use a cloth strainer; a fine mesh metal^one will keep out the bits of meat or fish'that may remain in the pan drippings. Keep In Cool Pljace The can should be kept in the refrigerator or some other cool jilace so that the fat will not grow rancid. Rancid fat contains less glycerine. And as soon as a pound or more has been collected, it should be taken to a meat dealer who has been instructed to pay for the fat and start it on its way to the fir ing line. To make things easier for the meat dealer, less than a pound at a time should not be taken to him. A pound and a fraction is fine; but the fraction alone should be left in the ice box until it grows to a full pound. Week-ends q,re bad times to take in the fat as that’s the butcher’s busiest time. Monday or Tuesday are the best days, for the heavy week-end shopping tides many folk over these two days, too.
sicists>,fe000 a yea^ and medjeal techniciansr~$i>4^t}-$2,000 a year. There are no written examinations for these positions. Applications may be obtained at the Lafayette Post Office. For furtjier information call -the Placement Service for Women, (2955). Junior inspector-trainees for ordnance plants are also in demand. There will be a wi itten examination given for this position, and applications may be obtained at the Lafayette Post Office. The salary is $1,440 a year.
All Organization Presidents: Plan on litiving your organizations and activity groups riady for the gioup pictures for the Debris, to be taken the last week, in September You will be hotifled as’ to the exact time and date. —HECKARD
Aviation Cadet Applicants: Applicants lor Aimy Air Corps, Aviation padCt Section, who arc holding applications pending removal of conditions—see Col. Hicks, 2nd floor of the Aimory, regarding the new Univeisity ruling on students in good standing, —LT. COL. HICKS
Those Interested in Enlisted Reserve: All btudents desiring infonnation regarding the Enlisted Reserve Corps or to enlist in the Enlisted Reserve Corps during the period between terlps, should apply at Room B-4 in the basefricnt of the Armory. Week days, 9 to 12 g. m and 1 to 5 p. m. Saturday, 9 to 12 a. m. —GRAHAM
Archers: All-Campus Men’s Archery Tourney. Finals Friday, August 22, at 4:1B. —FLECK
Pitch horseshoes ? A set of eight shoes and two stakes uses as much steel as an Army rifle.
Notices
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted: Apply at Exponent Office or phone 3053. A.sk for Klouman.
All Science Seniors: All those who plan to Kraduatc in Aiit?ubt call at Den Endeis’ office to fill out the necessary blanks —ENDERS
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Here is a list of the actives: J II Aimstionj?, R T. Ball, D D, Baita, L. L. Bonham, R. B. Bou^han, W. K. Buinsule, T H Cmry, E E. Dejser, R. W DeUbttr, W. J. Frantz, D A. Frost, D O Htnnksen.. A. W Hubtrt. ti L. Jenkins,'W G Kotincr, R S Kolb, C B Leber F J. McDonald, D. W. Meier, H Mouill, R W. Oil, A. r-^Piei, H. J R(td, H D Slukels, W Iz Schalliol, W S. Shoekcnev, R E Spiajjue, R. J. Ta>Ioi, H. R. V(.lkon,R J Visin, R. A vonBthren, W C WalkLi, H ]\L Whippo, G R. Welter, J T. Younublood. —YOUNGBLOOD
Lost: Will anybody who found my billfold lost on Grant St please send me back all my identification cards? Ling,
‘V'
‘ll^or Sale: Matched Wilson gplf clubs.
±^one 699(5, ask for Nick.
Typewriters—Addinj? Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased^ Mimeograph vsork done. C J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
MoneJ^ to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luRtfawe, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 107 Columbia.
Wanted: Bar boy part time, over 21, Apiily ^0 Ml. HiRjrins, Hotel Fowler.
Former Band Members: The Band will purchase used BarW uniforms at leasonable prices. See Cast ^ Ross at once lor particulais. \ —ROSS
Will pay cash for any old or new used hicvcles Kigcr Shell Service, Northwestern at Columbia.
SIMMONS ir.pn double dock bed for sale. *hune b')602.
Hitler is leported to have cicatecl a special decoration for inhabitants of occupied countries who collabolate with the Nazis. Called, no doubt, the Double Cro.ss.
Fraternity Rush Chairman: A bupplement to the list of incomnijr Jroshmen is available at the Frattmity Aflairs Office Come up and ^ot youi copy — SCHWAB
SCA House Presidents: Minutes of August 4 Board meeting: are available at the west desk. —MOGAVERO
POMM: Keys are now available at jewelry store. —HUNT
Southworth’s
Rochdale House
. , . announces the follo'Wing officers for the fall .seme.ster: Bill Pauley, piesident; Tom Curry, vice pi’esident; Monte Myers, secretary; Bill Dickey, treastirer, and John social chairman.
leaiine K, Roberts
, . , science '42, is living at the forlmer Panamanian embassy in Washington, where she is a clajm adjuster. / /
WANIED
cT
“Schicklgruber” & “OF Sho-Sno” For Murder, Larceny, Assualt, Etc.
WANTED
USED BOOKS
for CASH
PURDUE BC0K^.5UPPLY STORE
308-10 JTATE STREET WE5T LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s
Aim for Victory
with
United States
War Bonds and Stamps
.■r I
lilHIlK