jJii,
i 4. is
j-t J f r« >. ; « fi(
y'*
^ponenf M Bmfy Sme* i906
? Voluli^ 52# No. dl
W«st Lcticiyette# iadicnut
Friday# IdiMKtty 14 IS41
r?-
>♦
Deuel Tells Of Morbidity Of German People/ 'No Enthusiasm For Victories^ Editor^s Note: This is the first in a series of articles by Wallace E. Deuel, fii^lin correspondent for the Chicago Daily News, who lias served the past six ysars in Berlin. The second article, “Tactics and Strategy of Terror—^Tools tlie Nazi Regime,” will appear in tomorrow’s Exponent,
Wallace R. Deuel
Most of the peoples of Europe are like the victims of a nightmare today-^^azed, numb, worn out, despairing and confused. The war itself is the monster of the nightmare, of course. But so many other terrors preceded it—so many other unbearable shocks atwi strains and disillusionments—that the peoples were
worn out before the war ever came.
There was the last war, from which much of Europe never recovered. There were inflations and deflations and depressions and panics. There was party and racial strife. There were civil wars. There were the prewar ....
preparations and the prewar crises. And now there arei:he 16 months of the war itself. Therfe is a hopelessness, too, about the nightmare, as well as an almost unendurable fa-
tigue.
How to Sndve Problem? On the Allied side, there is the hopelessness of having seen Germany rise again only half aigeneration after it had been beaten “for good.” How can the “German problem” be solved, if it was not solved in 1918? There are ways of solving it, of course, but the man in the street may be forgiven if he does not see them clearly, On the Allied side there is the further hopelessness of the appalling costs of war in blood and treasure an^ freedom. Even if the Allies “win,” what can be the fruits of their victory^ jHere, again, there are answers, but here, again, the man in the street may be forgiven if he does not see them clearly. There is also on the Allied side the howlessness of the failure to solve the peoples’ own problems, with the result that the peoples have lost much of I their faith in their own ideals. The world depression is Adolf HitlerJs miost potent ally. Price Called Appalling But there is a hopelessness on the German t side, too. It is true that Germany has risen again. But the puce in wear and tear on the people’s neiwes ha% been appalling, and millionfe^f'GelHnans have ceased to believe, if they ever did, that it is possible to hope for rewards that would be worth the price. The German people are tired as few peoples in the world have ever been tired without breaking down. In a single generation they have gone through a major war, a starvation blockade and a catastrophic defeat; they have had two revolutions; they have Jiad their currency wiped out altogether once and have seen 'it seriously threatened with the same fate again; they have had the same exhausting and disillusioning experiences of the depression the rest of the world has had; and now they have entered a new war. They are winning all the battles in the new war, it is true. But they won all the battles in the last war, too—all except the last—and they have never forgotten it. Until the last battle in this war has been fought and won it will be hard for millions of Germans to believe that ■’it will be won at all. Nazis Must Win Quickly And besides, unless that last battle is foi^ht and won soon enough,
Student Tickets Beginning today and continuing through Tuesday, studente may exchange thrir coupons for reserve seats at the Indiana, Illinois aqd' Chicago basketball games on February 1, 8 and 8, respectively, as announced recently. The schedule Is as follows: seniors, today; juniors, tomorrow; sophomores, Monday; freshmen, Tuesday.
Iherinnes' Program Bill Carlsen. Band Of A Million Thrills'
Weil Accepted By 4,000 Convo-Goers
I
Will Play For Annual Woodmen $ Ball
what good will the victory be to the Germans? The longer the war lasts, the more the Germans won-
der if it is worth fighting.
Not only are tens of millions of people in Europe despairing and worn out, furthermore, but they are
also almost hopelessly confused.
Who and what are responsible for
the war? Is it worth fighting?
Where do the Soviets stand? Are they the friends of peace and freedom, or are they the friends of Adolf Hitler, or are they just un-
scrupulous gangsters ?
Scores of times I have seen columns of motorized troops pouring through Berlin and half a dozen other cities on their way to the front, first toward Poland and later toward the West. But among all these columns I have only seen and heard one camion full of men singing; all the others sat in silence. And nine tenths of the people on the sidewalks did not even turn their heads to watch the troops. I never heard a spontaneous cheer for passing troops, except when formal
parades were held.
Cheered on Rare Occasions At the formal parades the people cheered themselves hoarse, and they leally meant their cheers. But they never dreamed of cheering except when formal, set occasions were
provided for doing so.
I was on two of the principal streets of Berlin for the fifst half hour after the news became known that France had asked for terms. At last, I thought, I would see some normal, human reaction. It was, aftei all, one of the greatest military triumphs of all times. But there was no reatcion to be seen—^none at all. The Berliners looked neither jubilant nor happy nor even relieved. They looked just the same as they had looked for more than six yeais. They just
looked tired.
The second great war is a war without cheers as far as Germany is
concerned.
Circumstances contributed notably to the creating of this abnormal, morbid, nightmare state of mind in much of Europe—the circumstances reported in this article. But there is (Continued on page 4) Student Senate Offers Typing, Tutor Services Student Senate officials announced yesterday that the Senate’s tutoring and typing clearing house service is now available to all interested students. Lists o| qualified student tutors and typists participating in this service are posted in the Senate ofiice in the Union. Typing rates as established by University standards are as follows: 4 cents per double-spaced page; 8 cents per single-spaced page; 10 cents per tabulated page. The tutoring rate is 60 cents per hour. All students wishing to take advantage of this service, now that term papers are due and final examinations begin next week, should visit the Senate office some afternoon before Tuesday between 4 and 5:30 o’clock, Senate officials said.
Poise, Dexterity Shown In Artists' Performance By Ted Novey Poise and dexterity were the two outstanding features of the convocation presented last night in the Hall of Music by Josef and Rosina Lhevinne in their series of two piano compositions. In perfect harmony they played simply and undramatically as if there was an empty auditorium before them. Josef Lheviime’s playing was remarkable in that he just seemed to sit immovable before the piano while his hands moved up and down the keyboard easily and smoothly. More Lively Style ■^Rosina Lhevinne had a somewhat more lively style and presented a more dynamic but not more perfect performance. The first part of the program consisted of two pieces by Bach, “Prelude in E Major” and “Sheep May Safely Graze,” and “Sonata in D Major” in three movements by Mozart. The second part presented Josef Lhevinne playing three Chopin etudes, “C and E Minor,” Opus 26 and “G Flat Major,” Opus 10, “The Lark” by Glinka-Balakireff, and “Islamey,” an oriental fantasy. On the last piece Lhevinne showed the best fingering technique of the evening. Played Two Encores Following intermission, the piano duo played the beautiful Debussy composition “Fetes,” “Romance” by Rachmaninoff, and “The Blue Danube” by Schulz-Evler. The latter was presented in an arrangement for two pianos by A. Chasins that seemed to fit the personalities of the two artists Brought back to the stage by the applause of the four thousand in the audience, the Lhevinnes played two encores, “The Fhght of the Bumblebee” and Chopin’s “D Major Waltz.” Frary, AlChE Prexy, Speaks Here Tuesday Francis C. Frary, newly elected president of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, will speak at a meeting of the campus chapter of the society at 4:30 o'clock Tuesday afternoon in room 302 of the Chemistry and Metallurgical Building. Frary is director of research at the Aluminum Company of America at New Kensington, Pa., his work being one of the most extensive in the ^country. A major in the Chemical Warfare Service in 1917-18, Frary is author of the recently published “The Aluminum Industry,” and is very active in mechanical and chemical engineering societies. He was president of the Electro-Chem-ical Society in 1929. Dr. T.K.Noss ... of the sociology department, will speak to the men’s student class of the Methodist Church Sunday morning at 9:30 o’clock on “The War And Then What?” Glenn Searey, president of the class, will act as chairman of the meeting, conducting the discussion at the close of Dr. Noss’s talk. Vistors are welcome to this discussion. Ray T. Kelsey ... Ag ’23, has been elected president of the American Agricultural Editors Association by the association in session at their annual meeting in Chicago. Membership in the association is made up of editors of farm papers from coast to coast. Kelsey is managing editbr of the Ohio Farmer of Cleve^nd. *
Pest Control Operators Highlight Conference With Annual Banquet Pest control operators climaxed their annual conference which has been in session on the University campus during the past week with annual banquet last night in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. President Elliott presided as toastmaster. More than 100 persons were in attendance at the banquet as it brought to a close the main part of the conference which was slated by faculty members and pest control experts concerned with the planning of the sessions to be among the most successful of any of the five meetings held at the University. Introduces Elliott Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the department of entomology, introduced President Elliott as toastmaster, who in turn introduced the speakers of the evening. Ward Combs of Omaha, Neb, and Prof. W. P. Flint of the department of entomology of the University of Illinois were called upon for short talks. Gifts were presented to a number of staff members by Bill Buettner, including a gift of one hundred dollars which was presented to President Elliott for the Pest Control Operators Student Loan Fund Knight Main Speaker Prof. F. B. Knight, head of the department of education and a^ipli^d psychology, was then called upon for the principal talk'of the evening. Professor Knight discussed the acquiring of the ability to get along with people through psychology. He gave his audience “Five Hints That Couldn’t Possibly Hurt and Might Help.” Closing the meeting. President Elliott praised the work of the conference, but also stated “that a few pests are a necessary evil.” “A few fleas are a good thing for a dog—they help him to remembei that he is a dog. In the same way a few pests are a good thing for a University, for they help it to remember that it is a University.” Jacklin Attends SAE Meeting For Defense Professor H. M. Jacklin of the University School of Mechanical Engineering, lecently appointed to the general research committee of the Society of Automotive Engineers, is attending the annual meeting of the SAE now in session in Detroit. Army and Navy representatives will meet experts from the automotive, aeronautcal and allied industries at the two-day session for discussion of problems arising from defense prepayations in the various industries. - The general research committee is concerned with research and developments in fuels, lubricants, riding qualities and the solutions of other general problems important to the industries. W. V. Lambert To Discuss Science Forum At Semimir Prof. W. V. Lambert, associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, will speak at the Animal Husbandry Seminar meeting tonight at 7 o’clock in room 268 of the Union . Dr. Lambert’s talk will be baaed on the Animal Science Forum. He will talk on possibilities and limitations in the crossbreeding of livestock.
Swingster
. . . for the foresters and their belles of tonight’s ball in the south ballroom of the Union is Bill Carlsen (above) and his “Band of a Million Thrills.”
Full Program To Greet Thousands Expected At Coming Ag Conference Supplementing a full program of discussion and instruction of latest developments in farmmg and farm homemaking for thousands of Hoosier farm folk expected to attend the annual Agricultural Conference which will convene on campus next week, Monday through Friday will be the honoring of two University staff members. Miss Leila Gaddis and Dr. Z. M. S. Smith; two skits by Purdue Playshop; finals of the State Rural Entertainment Festival; the State Music Festival and over a score of banquets and luncheons. Present Paintings Portraits in oil of Miss Gaddis and Dr. Smith will be presented to the University as part of Thursday’s
Rooms "are needed for the rural men and women who will be here by the thousands for the Agriculture Conference next week from Monday through Friday, Fred I. Goldsmith, assistant to tiie dean of men, in charge of housing the visitors, announced yesterday. Those who wish to rent rooms for cither men or women are requested to call the office of Dean M. L. Fisher in the Executive Building (3001) •during office hours today or tomor-
program. The Smith portrait, by Simon Bans, Indianapolis artist, is the gift of the Indiana Association of Teachers of Vocational Agriculture. Miss Gaddis’ painting, by Ralph Coats of Indianapolis, will be presented by the Indiana Home Economics Association. 541 Artists Play A full house is expected at the Hall of Music Tuesday night to hear 541 artists from 73 Indiana counties perform, and Wednesday night when A. P. Stewart of the University conducts the Indiana Home Economics Choruses as part of the State Music Festival. Headlining" the outstanding speakers will be Claude R. Wickard, Ag ’16, secretary of agriculture; President E. C. Elliott, who will crown the com kings and princess of Indiana; Dean Mary L. Matthews, School of Home Economics; Dean Harry J. Reed, School of Agriculture; G. W. Kable, editor of Electricity On The Farm; Stanley J. Marsden oi the U, S. Department of Agricnlture; Dr. Noble Cain, conductor of the Chicago Oappella Choir; and Prof. F. B." Paddock of Iowa State Gollegre.
Xi Sigma Pi, Foresters Sponsor Annual Daiite Bill Carlsen and his ‘*Band of a Million Thrills” will furnish the downbeat for the Foresters’ Ball this evening in the south ballroom of the Union from 9 until 12:30 o’clock. Featured with the band will be Mickey Dowd, a real, honest-to-goodness Irish tenor haiUng from Illinois way. Carlsen has a widespread reputation for his mastery of the clarinet and saxophone, and they add a great deal to the straight, sweet music for which he and his orchestra are known. Novel Backdrop The back-drop for the dance will be composed of a forest scene centered around a woodsman in caricature. The little man is shown debating with himself, with the aid of a course in logging in-ten-easy-les-sons, on how to go about cutting down a rather large-sized tree. In one hand he carries an axe, and trailing along behind him is a saw nearly as large as he. Band fronts will be made up of an axe and the ever-familiar word, “Timber!” j Broadsast Frequently Carlsen and his band do frequent broadcasts over NBC, CBS, and Mutual networks and some of their better known recordings will be played today on “Meet the Band” at 12:30
p. m.
" Xi Sigma Pi, forestry'hmibrary, and the Forestry Cfiub sppi^r tiie dance and tickets are - available from any of the members or in the Union. ’ Ghurchman, SoIc&n' To Address CqnvoOfl 'LieOflsolatioiaHsm' “The Lie of Isolationalism” will form the nuedeus for fhC sermon by Dr. Henry Wise HoBson, bishop of the Diocese of the Southern Ohio Protestant Episcopal Church and director of the Wayside Church, which he will deliver at tfie January convocation for worship Sunday morning at 10:30 o’clock in the Music Hall. Brilliant Record In addition to being a noted speaker. Bishop Hobson has a brilliant record as a churchinan, soldier and educator. He has recd^^^ four degrees, a bachelor of Sorts D^>m Yale in 1^14, bachelor of divini^ from Episcopal Theological School in Cambridge, Mass, in 1921), doctor of divinity from Eeiiyoii Collete, Gambler, O., in 1930, and doctor of divinity from Yale in 1937. World War Captain During World War I, Dr. Hobson was a captain and adjutant until December, 1917, when he was made a major in command of the 3rd Battalion of the 356th Infantry, 89th Division of the AEF. He served at Camp Funston, Kan., and in France where he was wounded twice and gassed once, and was awarded the United States Disting^uished Service Cross for bravery imder fire ih action on September 12,1918. Practical Christianity Bishop Tobson is a strofig advocate of practical CbmtianiQf. He teacbes and administers not mtiy to spiritual but also to amd pbjrsical needi of his paririidQers. His Wayside Ohthedral, a traveling church, is a good exa^pk of this. Moving aronnd the diocese, he and his staff are able to find and h«dp hungry and improperly clothed diildren and can bring religious mfluences to both childr^ and ariults iivii^ in ctmuntmitits tndUng neighborhood ehurriies.fia^ 2 • SdibfualdL
Eriday« J<muary 10< 1941
fijuJudiuL £xpDtuinL
jfi
r t %
The ^th Colnnun
See -where President Roosevelt has asked congress for seventeen and one half billion paper stand-ins for the American dollar. In order to cover the miscellaneous expenses of running the government for the coming year. According to our figures. Based on the government census. And the 17% billions. That comes to $134.61 for every man, woman, and child in these here United States. Now we hate to disappoint anybody. Or be unpatriotic. But we just ain’t got that much.
Which leaves us -with one alternative. But we’ve been doing it for years already. All we got to do is— Soak the rich.
What we want to know is what kind of a Utopia is this anyway with the government always asking you for money instead of giving it to you. You’d almost think that WE o-wned the federal bureau of printing and engraving. Let them print their own dollar bills. It’s all we can do to turn out enopgh for our own use.
Over Italy way Benito pulled a fast one yesterday by fii’ing all the shots in a big reorganization. Now in Russia the important lads are always liquidated by a firing squad. And in Japan they simplify matters by commiting harakiri. But not these boys. They combined the two and volunteered for front line service in Lybia and Albania. But then they may he better off at that.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered ae second class matter at the post office in Iafayette, Indiana, under the act ol Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-in-Chief. Business Manager..^
W. Donahns Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News EJditor..... J. H. McKee Managing Editors .. - JD, K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; . Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor ... — — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Spbrts 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Purcell Day Editor: Siess Ass’t. Night Ed.: Runnion Night Sports Ed.: Johnson
Staff: J. F. Zinski, ^W. M. Clark, R. Hadley, T. Novey, H. deBruyn, A. Wickard, M. Barnton, M. Fuller, and J Ramsdale.
There’s always the possibility of being captured by the British.—dkh
JimcLif. JoUl
Varsity Band Will Play For Tomorrow's Game
dne Nation, Indivisible
Now, as often before in days of national emergency or near emergency, the people have paused again in the course of their labors to question the fundamentals of the land they live in. What causes this recurrent perplexity ? The answer to this question is closely woven into the whole story of the United States. America is a miracle. A precocious youngster among its older brothers, America was bom, as any other newly opened land is born, when a small group of free-dom-loving land people established their homes in it. But there America stopped being like other nations. Wonderfully fertile and a fabulous storehouse of resources, tile area known then as the new world offered an opportunity to forward looking people of all races. Moved by a common impulse to progress and self betterment they came; first a trickle, then a torrent. Czechs, Poles, Scandinavians, Irish, Germans, Greeks, Italians, French, English, Russians, Jews, Orientals; all entered and left their differences of race and political belief behind them. They submerged age old enmity in the brotherhood of effort. America’s heart began to beat. Old world attempts to steal the fruits of their labor roused these people of all nations to finally throw off the last vestige of servitude to other lands and served to bind them even closer with still another tie—the bond of common struggle and victory. From that point on, America grew under its own new name— the United States—and became increasingly occupied with internal problems of its own. But underlying all of the clash of political theory and rising like an unassailable peak above the stormy sea of internal adjustment, the common principles and aims that first brought these peoples together and then caused them to fight and die side by side, persevered. Today, these principles are still with us but are not readily recognized as they once were. The men who mold our policy now and the people who go to the polls to choose today’s leaders have been reared behind the protective walls that those who came before raised. They have come to take for granted the security and freedom from oppression that has been handed down to them. They have become unconscious of the mighty heart of common aims that sends the life blood coursing through the veins of America. But occasionally, when the people are faced with a struggle and strain together once more to turn the sluggish wheel of progress, they feel from deep in the breast of the nation—the East, the South, the West, the Middle West—a strong, unyielding throbbing that comes faintly through the tumult of the times, the beating of that heart. And then, not understanding, they raise their heads questioningly and ask, “What is this —what does it mean ?” It is America. The people are waking to the problems of their fathers and rising to the same stimuli that spurred them on. It means that unity is a real thing, still alive. It means that Germans can live with Poles; it means that Italians can live with Greeks, that Swedes can live with Irishmen. It means that, however obscure, however deeply buried beneath the trivial events of untroubled years, the ties that first bound their fathers together and the common aims upon which this nation was founded are still at hand, still vital, still guiding and shaping the growth of the land. These ties and principles will survive so long as there are problems to face, so long as strife is inevitable, so long as there are two Americans to unite in common eifort to reach a goal or to overcome an obstacle. When strife ceases, when the obstacles have all been encountered and overcome, then the wheel of progress will no longer be sluggish. Then the mighty heart of America will no longer beat for America alone but will beat for the whole world of men.—^rms
Going into action for the first time this year at a basketball game, the varsity band consisting of about 70 men is to make an appearance tomorro-w night -when the hardwood squad meets the Michigan five. Directing their efforts will be Captain Hal Todd. It is planned that the band -will be present at all future basketball contests this season; the reason for their absence at pre-vious games this season being the lack of a bandstand which was only recently erected.
Tea Dance Features
Hits Of Past Season
Tomorrow afternoon’s tea dance sponsored by the P I A will be held from 3 ’til 6:30 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. Hit tunes of the past season will be featured on recordings. i Admission is free to all co-eds, and P I A members and their dates. Other admissions will be 10 cents.
Paul Reedy
. . . and his Campus Commanders will play at the last Union mixer of the semester in the south ballroom tomorrow night at 9 o’clock. The usual price of one dollar will prevail.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
umptm
-TODAY - SATURDAY-
Action .. Daring .. Drama .. in the Thrill Hit of the Year! LOVE THROBBING TO THE ROAR OF DANGER! pn consTnncE
\
Riveter Swimmers
Meet Northwestern
For Big Ten Opener
Intra Mural
Sports
• Greek Basketball
Seven of the eight teams ^ho will participate in the playoff of the Interfraternity Class “A” Basketball tournament have been announced, with the eighth team remaining in doubt until the final standing is decided tonight. These seven teams are: Delta Upsilon, Pi Kappa Alpha, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa Tau, and Alpha Tau Omega. The DUs, ATOs and PiKAs have not as yet been defeated, while the other teams have lost one while winning five.
Three Way Race A three way race between the Triangles, Phi Sigma Kappa, and Pi Kappa Phi will be decided in the games tonight. The drawing for the playoffs will be held today, and the games will get under way next week.
IM Schedules BASKETBALL
Friday, January 10
Court 1: C. Rechenbach, ref. 7 -00 Triangle vs Winner Phi Kappa vs Pi Kappa Phi 7:15 Ward 39 vs Ward 8 or 40
Sigma
Starts SATURDAY
A THOUSAND MILES OF DANDER! A THOUSAND THRILLS A MILE!
FLYNN O&IVIA
R^ilUam Luadigan • Vao Heflin • Gene tUvooId Henry CVNi^ • IJkiina **Big Boy'' WilU*ine
LAST TIMES TODAY —
GRIN AND BEAU IT
By Lichty
The Boilermaker swimming squad of IS men will leave here tomorrow morning at 9:00 o’clock for their season’s opening dual meet against Northwestern University at Evanston. The Riveters base their chances of victory on their strength in the free style events. The meet, which is slated to begin at 3:00 o’clock in the afternoon, is one of the strongest tests the squad will have to face this season. Capt. Chuck Siler, Dick Kratzer, Fred Herr and Jack Carney made an especially fine showing in the recent Aquatic Forum at Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and Coach Dick Papenguth will be depending heavily on these men. Northwestern will claim a slight advantage in thej meet, inasmuch as they already have two tough meets to their credit and will be swimming in their own pool. The 13 members selected to make the trip are as follows: Capt. Siler, Anderson, Carney, Lake, McCredy, Tingley, Williamson, McCay, Herr, Kratzer, Brannfer, Horn and Ochstern.
‘Aunt Estelle still ain’t married. Cousin Herbert still ain’t got a job and daddy’s still losing his hair—I’m tired of saying prayers for this family without getting any results!”
Research Foundation Prof. w. A. Knapp
Awards 3 Fellowships
During the current academic year three XR Fellowships have been awarded to members of the chemistry department by the Purdue Research Foundation. Ben T. Collins is working on heat capacities of organic vapors and is supervised by Dr. Thomas DeVries. Organic combustion analysis and isomerism equilibria are the projects assigned to Wilbur R. McElroy and Paul E. Hardy, respectively. Dr. Philip J. Elving is supervising the first, and Dr. Raymond H. Ewell, the latter, d.t.b.
. . . assistant dean of the engineering school, left Monday for Memphis, Tenn., to attend the annual firemen’s school held there. He will be at the conference all week.
Briefs By Clarence
hey there clarence i knew a fellow last year who didn’t buy a book in this course and didn’t study one bit and never went to class he took the final and got an h
L R. Johnson
. . . who has been connected with the engineering work of the long lines department of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company at New York City since his graduation from the University in 1928, has just been appointed division plant manager of the company with headquarters at St. Louis.
all characters depicted in this story are fictional and any resemblance they may bear to purdue students is entirely coincedental —mudball
TODAY - SAT.—-2 Hits
MOST THRIILING OF HIS MANY iSTRANGE CASES!
ZANE GREY':
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES BALLET TAP and BALLROOM SAT., JAN. Ilfh
ENROLL NOW . BALLET CLASS FOR CO-EDS SAT. 11:0O A M.
ALLEN’S •TH a FERRT
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— ADDED — FIRST RUH NEWS
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
^dfif rwisltDtsil
Red Blooded Action in the Arizona Horse Country!
Muniiis
with JIMMY LYDON JOAN BRODEL
'tfijtiJuiujL £xfumanL
Friday, Jonuary 10, 1941
'>vi|VVsi#jp|
/ J T f I
Basketeers Polish Offense For Michigan
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
On reading the usual de-emphasis propaganda that is flooding the newspapers these days, we find our “progressive” college presidents following the wake of Brother Hutchins up at Chicago, not to the extent of dropping football, but by efforts to discourage the importation of athletes through lessening financial aid systems. —I-I— About all I’ve ever got from the statements and literature of Dr. Robert Hutchins is that when an individual gets the urge to exercise, he- should lie down and rest until that insidious urge is stymied or forgotten. -1-1— The majority of people who chatter over over-emphasis are not sincere; they tend toward the spectacular and they know the American habit of enjoying universal criticism and our liking to be on the side that is tearing down. They know that by hitting at such a fine insti-
tution as intercollegiate football, they will get an audience. —I-I— President Hutchins of Chicago has a right to do what he wants with his own institution, but he has no right to drag down others; to say that the rest of the conference is all wrong when it does not see fit to follow his example and drop football. —I-I— He cited material in proof of his statement regarding the other universities, but when he was confronted with the demand for a showdown, he said he had been misquoted. He made his statements at an affair attended by members of the metropolitan press—and I’ve not yet seen a denial made. —i-r— I know (or should I say “feel”) that our athletic programs are a definite part of any education system, because they are an education in themselves. If I were a coach, I wouldn’t be proud of a Phi Beta Kappa or Pi Tau Sigma if he was just a Greek letter man of the aforementioned. —I-I— If a man is a Phi Beta Kappa and also a cheer-leader, a member of
Stellar Michigan Pivot Man
Stage Final Scrimmage Before Wolverine Tussle Tomorrow
Competing in a hard intra-squad scrimmage again yesterday afternoon. Coach Piggy Lambert’s squad of . hardwood artists went into their fourth consecutive day of hard driU. Warming up with a les sstrenuous scrimmage which gave a chance to all the players to handle the ball, two teams finally evolved which fought one another in the final section of practice. Sprowl Finds Range
JAMES HANDLER
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S
• BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON m DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALCREEN^S 0RU6 STORES 410 Main Street
One of the outstanding members of the 1940 Wolverine hardwood contingent is a lanky center from Chicago, Jim Handler. Standing six feet and four inches in his stocking feet and tipping the scales at an even 200 pounds, the lanky sophomore is one of the most dangerous offensive threats on the team. He collected seven buckets to lead the Ann Arbor quintet in its decisive win over Butler and tallied nine more points in his first Western Conference game against Ohio State Monday night.
the band and a debater—^if he does something he doesn’t have to do, and takes his time to contribute something, then that’s the fellow I go for. —I-I—
And I don’t mean ONLY athlet-
ics. Not all students are constructed physically for competition, but they can be useful to their institution. After all, it’s hard work learning to play the flute. “Hutch',” ole boy, crawl into your academic hole with the ancient classics.
Ice Cream
DAD'S PLACE
Quarts 1 Pints 2 for / Ziw^
So Handy
the fatmuA COLLEGE OUTLINE SERIES
Ir tUGH MARKS ARE YOUR GOAL THIS SEMESTER . , , the best gndes you sis oapable oi achieving .,. then now Is the Haw to equip yonnell with die tools that, will Insute success. College Oudlneeeio designed foi that veiy puipose—to make your oouxsas *Mnk In" and "sUok*’— <ialoIdy, easily, and without wastelul Mloit fts^ped of details oumbeisome in nvlew, they set toith essentials i In bold lellef, thus pennltllng the leductton oi excessive and un* oestain notetaklng at the beginning oi the course. Asm yourself now wldi the College OutUnes you need and put them to work tmmediatsly .1. don't wait until panic grips j you a lew days before the Inevitable examsi
'■T .... A
^ IN A
ANCIENT HISTORY (Due soon! $' 73 ANCIENT, Medieval & Modern Hist 75 BACTERKH-OCY. Prin. & Prac. of . 1.25 8IOLOCV. General *75 BOTANY, General 75 CHEMISTRY. First Year College . 1.00 CHEMISTRY, Organic . . .1,25 CORPORATION FINANCE . . .1.00 ECONOMICS, Principles of . . ,' .75 EDUCATION, History of 75 ENGLAND. History of • , 75
EUROPE. 1500-1848. History of EUROPE; I8>15-I940, History of CEOLOC^. Principles of . . . GERMAN GRAMMAR . .
GOVERNMENT. Amerteaw lOURNAUSM, Survey of
.75 75
I 00
75 75
IJX)
LATIN AMERICA History of . . I LITERATURE, English. To Dryden . I literature. English. Since Milton . 1 MIDDLE ACES, 300-1500. Hlstoiy
NATURAL RESOURCES of US,
PHYSICS, First Year College « • POLITICAL SCIENCE . . , , PSYCHOLOGY. Educational . . » PSYCHOLOGY General SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. Outllnae I SOCIOLOGY. Principles of ... I STATISTICAL METHODS . . . 1 STUDY. Sett Methods of . . . UNITED STATES), To 1665, History UNITED STATES, Since 1865, History WORLD. Since 1914, Histpry ef‘ . .
ZOOLO(;v. General ...
.00 .00 .00,
.75
.75
75
•7| .75
.75 00
.00 .00 .60
.75 75
.75 .00
RMIE GOOKS^fUnrilliE
»O8-f0 fBKnE ffMEnr W€«r WB'
COLLEGE OUTlinE SERIES
Outstanding performer on the white team was probably Frosty Sprowl, who still seems quite able to put the sphere through the net both from short range or long. Adams on the gold-clad combination also was able to find the basket with quite consistent regularity. Tierney, Igney, Sprowl, Blanken and Blemker were the lads in white that faced the gold-shirted Weber, Pauline, Swartz, Poik and Adams combination. Yesterday’s drill was probably the last hard scrimmage the squad will see before taking on the Michigan netters from Ann Arbor tomorrow night in the Fieldhouse. Tonight’s practice session in all probability will be somewhat less strenuous. Several minor injuries have occurred as a result of the driving practices of the last few days. During yesterday’s session Tom Kieffer incurred a sprained ankle while on previous days Fields and Weber both received leg injuries. Lineup Tentative Still very doubtful is the starting lineup to be employed against the Wolverines tomorrow night. The only men at all certain of being in the game for the first half tip-off are Sprowl, who turned in one of his best performances last Saturday in the Illinois game, and Don Blemker. Don Blanken may start at either forward or center, and if Blanken is at center Captain Bob Igney will probably be at the forward spot opposite Sprowl. Caress is likely to be in one of the guard positions. One.of Coach Lambert’s greatest problems is finding a combination with enough height to get the ball off the backboard. Saturday’s defeat at Champaign is at least partially due to the Boilermaker lack of ability in this department. To remedy the situation Bob “Hosey” Riley who regularly plays guard was tried at the center post and sophomore Fred Krampe has also had a chance to show his ability this week.
Coach Bennie Oosterbpan at Ann Arbor has also had a few headaches over the altitude problem. Although Jim Mander, sophomore star on the Wolverine team, boasts a' height of six feet four inches the Michigan team as a whole is not very large. While in his previous two seasons as head basketball coach at Michigan Coach Oosterbaan has not yet been able to turn out teams that have really been tops, he can boast that last year’s squad finished the season with a better record than that of the year before. Last Year Sixth Two years ago the Michigan team was able to come out on the long end of only fom* Big Ten encounters to finish the season in seventh place. Last year the Wolverines won half their conference games to finish in sixth position. Although two of last year’s highest scorers, Jim Rae and Charles Pink are lost to the Wolverine squad through graduation, Jim Mander in Rae’s former position, jCaptain Herb Brogan and Bob Fitzgerald, who are the stars on the present five, are expected to do well this year. Although the Ann Arbor squad cannot boast of a very bright season thus far, it is difficult to predict its future actions. In warm-up games with non-conference schools the Wolves lost to Notre Dame, Princeton and Pitt but succeeded in beating the Butler five. At the same time that the Riveter team was going down in defeat at Illinois the Michigan squad was taking its first beating at the hands of a conference foe this year when it lost badly to Ohio State.
Mixed Recreation
... is to be the theme in the Women’s Gymnasium tonight from 7:30 to 9:30 o’clock. There will be swimming, fencing, ping pong, badminton and volleyball.
SHOE SALE BOSTONIANS JARMAN crosby-squAre FORTUNE in BROWN or BLACK
-.$6.85 .. 4.15 4.15 .. 3.15
ODD and ENDS
--$1.98
B. &W. SHOECO.
121 N. 4tli Street
Brrr! It’s been cold lately! Were you prepared for it?
Suede Pants (Moleskin, Slide Rule Pocket) $2.9R All Color Cords $2.98 All Wool Pants $1.98 and up Senior and Gray Cord (Slide Rule Pocket) $2.98
224 Main St.
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
224 Main St.
'ii's!^ i • J ,
:.v
V’ ‘;
' '
' ■' 'M;’- '!•/■''' ''/ ■ ':- V'\/,-...vi.. ' .;:V;'-'A
A'.,
■AA-;: ’ .
, U’ ' 'U.-j
IS.
ifp
',f. \iA, I
'T ■' ., %L .,A ‘ t , ‘ / «<
fia^ 4 - %aiiceA.
Friday, lonuary 10, 1941
fiwuim. £xpmmiL
P&rsonnel Notes
(Continued from 'page 1) Deuel Tells
Company: Gibson Electric Refrigerator Corporation, Greenville, Michigan. Company’s Products: Electric refrigeration equipment. Types of Positions: Train for design and research. Training Desired: Senior EE, ME —January or June graduates.
Story Of The Reich Public
Company: Michigan Alkali Company, Wyandotte, Michigan. Company’s Products: Chemicals. Representative: J. C. Garrels. Date of Visit: Thursday, February 6. Will Interview: Chemical Engineers. Types of Positions: Sales, Production, Research, Engineering.
Company: Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, New York, New York. Company’s Products: Gasoline, Oils, Greases. Representative: R. W. Peters. Date of Visit: Tuesday, Feb. 4. Will Interview: Chemical Engineers and Chemists. Types of Positions: Training course.
Company: General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan. Company’s Products; Automotive equipment. Representative: Kenneth A. Meade. Date of Visit: February 6, 7, 8. Will Interview: *See below. Types of Positions: Positions in all divisions of the cororation. * Mechanical Engineers — development, design, test or production. Mechanical Engineers (aeronautical option)—drarting and stress analysis. Electrical Engineers — electroplating and foundry. Metallurgical Engineers—development.
Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y. Company’s Products: Electrical and Mechanical Equipment. Representative: M. L. Frederick. Date of Visit: February 3, 4, and 5, 1941 .Will Interview: Senior Engineers and Science. Types of Positions: Training for business positions.
still another reason for it: Hitler deliberately set out years ago to create this state of mind. The strategy of terror by which he did so will be described in the next article in this series. Who Are to Blame? Who and what are responsible for the failure of Versailles? For the world depression? For the rise of the Third Reich? For the collapse of France ? And what could and should be done? A lot of people think they know the answers to these questions, but most of them cannot agree among themselves. There is, accordingly, more confusion, more exhaustion, moi’e despair. The peoples tried to flee from the first of these terrors of the 30’s, tried with the agonized and leadenlimbed despair of all the victims of all the nightmares, even then. But they couldn’t get away. You almost never can get away, in a nightmare. Now most of the people are not even trying to get away any more. And yet the peoples fight the war —fight it more or less well, depending on their several national natures, on the adequacy of their preparations, and on the extent to which they have been engulfed in the nightmare—but fight it, nonetheless, and at least some of them, at least the British and Germans, will probably go on fighting it. War Not Worth the Fighting They fight it, though, most of them, not as peoples have fought wars in the past, and not with the normal reactions of peoples who have fought wars in the past, but against their own wills and judgments—^which tell them that the war is not worth the fighting and that therefore they do not want to fight it—^because they cannot see anything also to do, because they are the victims of a nightmare. Their reactions are deadened. They are less indignant over outrage than normal people, less cast down by defeat, less jubilant over victories.
Company: Ethyl Gasoline Corporation) Research-Haboratories, Detroit, Michigan. Types of Positions: Research or' Field Engineering. Training -D^ired: Mechanical Engineering, January men. Special Qualifications and Information:
Training course for a period of one year starting in February. Men interested must fill out application blanks which may be secured at the Personnel office. Booklets describing this training course may be seen at the Personnel office.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD ]. RISK •4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 3.06 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
• Hardware
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Locksmith
• Tailor
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS . 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Dairy Products
• Electrical Supplies
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Breisford's Electric Shop irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
Featured Stars Coming In 'Santa Fe Trail'
NYA Students: Checks are available fpr the period ending December 16, 1640, at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. / —HOLLBNSBE.
the amount of replacement needed. -^OEPHAET.
Purdue Aeromodellers: Important meeting Friday, January 10, at 4 p. m. in room 863 of Union. All members please be present. Club will elect officers. —OBARSKI.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room S05 of the Union, Friday, January Id, at 7:80 p. m. Very Important I MYERS.
Mid-Year Graduates: Especially interested in industrial, mechanical, metallurgical and chemical engineers but desiring to see those of ail branches, the Camegie-Illinois Steel Corporation desires to interview men between now and time of graduation. Theaddress is 208 South La Salle street, Chicago. —ARM,
Ice Hockey:, There will be .no hotkey trip to Indianapolis thfs week-end. . > LIENWEBER.
Peace Committee, Purdue MeHirtOUd CouncB: Meeting to be held Friday, January 10, in roOm 68 of the Union. , , —MOFFEt.
Freshman Engineers r No more final exam booklets are available. —DIBOS.
AIChE: Special meeting will he held on Tuesday, January 14, in roohi 842 of the Chemical., and Metallurgical Building. Dr. F. C. Frary, national president of the AI ChE, will be guest speaker. —MASSEY.
Junior Military: All Juniors are eligible for entrance into the Distinguished Gun Squad Competition, 165 mm. Howitzer. Squads to consist of: 2 Juniors (Exec, and Ass’t Exec.), 9 Sophomores (Chief of Section, Gunner, and Cannoneers). Juniors desiring to enter sqimds in this competition will present entries to Lt. Antrim in Instructors Boom prior to noon January 15. Practice for squads will be two hours a week. Tentative date for competition will be March 17-20. —ANTRIM.
Classified Ads
Senior Cadet Officers will be paid from 12:30 p. m. to 4:30 p. m. today at the main office in the Armory. BEERE.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimedgraph and multigraph work. C. F, Ebershoff, 606 Maitt St. Phone 2779.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting Monday, January 18, at 7:46 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —MEESE.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all Ulght. Phone 2407.
BRILLIANT STAR TEAM—Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland are having a screen romance again—this time against the thrilling, action-packed background of “Santa Fe Trail,’’ the film coming to the Mars Theatre Saturday.
Scrivener: Going to press Saturday. Editorial staff report: Beigle, Howard, McTaggart, McPherson, Waldower, Dray. —ALEXANDER.
Scrivener: All receipt books must be turned in Saturday between 1 p. m. and 4 p. m. Those not in will be sent to the dean for collection. —ALEGANDER.
Sophomore leaving school end of Semester causes double room vacancy. Tyin beds, Innerspring mattresses, continuous hot -water, insulated new house. Two block. Union and village. 806 South GraAt.
Half-room for rent. Board If desired. 227 Wood St. Phone 61204.
Final Exam Booklets For Most University Courses Still On Sale
Notices
1* SALE
COLGATE BOTH TOOTH POWDER 41^
SALE
GIANT
CASHMERE
BOUQUET
HAND LOTION
li SALE
CUE LIQUID BOTTLES DENTIFRICE 26t
FREE
JAR Whenvoii
buy a
CASHMERE zs/far
BOUQUET
COLD CREAM 25^
FOR CLEANSING
GIANT Zh OZ. TUBE
COLGATE „ DENTAL CREAM 33^
PALMOLIVE
SHAVE CREAM 07, UTHER OR BRUSHLESS O I V
COLGATE
SHAVE CREAM UTHER OR BRUSHLESS
OZ. TUBE
37«
‘VASELINE’
HAIR TONIC 37t
LARGE 3'/i OZ.BOTTU
halo
SHAMPOO 47^
Universify Drug Co.
FREEE DELIVERY On the Corner—By the Stop Light
m
to continue pistol practice in Armory at 4 p. m. until further notice: Clough, J. C. Essig, R. Estep, L. Eves, C. Hammer, J. A. Heidenrich, G. Howes, R. McDonald, J. H. Makielski, T. T. Meachem, J. R. Noland, T. C. Oliveria, B. D. Paive, F. E. Sayles, S. Schmidt, W. H. Shelborn, R. H. Storkmier, G. R. Tippey, D. K. Clinin and W. A. McCarthy. —BROWN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 28, in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —REYNOLDS.
Double Room Wants OceupaMs: 'iVell lighted. Near campus and bus line. Stoker heat. Reasonable. 116 S. Grant. Phone 2769.
All Students: Darkroom will be closed Monday, January 13, so that the Camera Club may make an inventory check-up in regard to supplies. The rooms will remain closed for a short time, depending on’ the amount of work needed to be done and
SERVICES Typing—^Any kind. Reasonable rates— prompt service, 242 Littleton St. Phone 3442.
LOST Lost: Small bag containing ladies’ shoes and rubbers. Finder please call 8071.
Students may still obtain booklets containing recent final examinations under the following classifications: sophomore engineers; junior and senior mechanicals; science, all four years; freshman and sophomore agriculture and forestry; freshman home economics. Freshman engineering booklets have been sold out. The University suggests that all students obtain, if possible, the exam books for their respective classes and avoid the last minute congestion and possible disappointment at the library when requests are made for individual copies of finals. The booklets are on sale at the cashier's office at 50 cents each.
All Yell Leaders: Practice in Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. Thursday and Friday, January 9 and 10. —DELMER.
ALAN’S
Glider Club: Meeting Friday, January 10, at 7 p. m. in room 328 of Union. —KANE.
The Style Comer Main Street at 4th
Modern Dance Club: Short business meeting Friday, January 10, at 4 p. m. No rehearsals until second semester. —SWOPE.
Beauty Salon
Continuous Soft Water
Physical Education for Men 9, Division C: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, January 14, at 4 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —EASTWOOD.
Because You Want to Be Lovely!
Physical Education for Men 9, Division F: Class meeting for Tuesday, January 14, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
We offer the following service, a science-tested care for your hair, its shampooing, its shaping and its styling. All for your beauty!
Physical Education for Men 9, Division B: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hail Tuesday, January 14, at 2 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
Mr.
Jack Long II MANAGER |{
DIAL 4287
Appointments; and all Cosmetic Needs. Miss Mary Krabbe, EEbstess
Camera Club: No more meetings this semester. —GEPHART.
Pistol Practice: Following men are asked
WARNING!
Don't
FAIL
to get yoiir PURDUE EXPONENT Subscription for 2nd Semester
\\
,.7-'
STOP! at the Exponent booth at Registration
$1.75 per Semester
Th^ Purdue Exponent
4^1
ir*A. 1
J
\ "A>
A ’'J®!
ISi:
h
\
't
mm
mm