^ypluinei.SS/ No. 134
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, March 11^1
Convo Will Feature
At Convo
■ ‘'Music with the Strong Appeal,” furnished by Bob Strong and; his orchestra, will be featured in the Main Ballroom of tlie Union from 8:30 p.m. until ll :30 p.m. tonight, when members 6f Cary Club dance at their annual formal. Prior to the dance, Cary Hall men and their dates will be feted at a formal banquet in the Halls ^——— ——— starting at 6:30 p.m. Strong’s orchestra was originally started as a^commercial radio band, and is currently' featured on “Uncle Walter’s Dp^house” and the “College Hu-
mPr” progi-am.
The Strong band, according to its lender, is primarily interested iii sending “sweet swing.” Bob sayS, “The recent swing craze as exemplified by ‘noisy’ music is over, but it has left its stamp on all good music. The current trend is toward ballads aiid light, cute, bouncy tunes—but all must have the lift of a definite solid rhythm.” Seivert Arranges Featured singer with Bob Strong is Mary Ann Mercer, exponent of the blues. Sonny Seivert, who helps Strong with the arranging and doubles on the trumpet, handles the ballad singiiig, the masculine part of the blues songs and fills in with a little boogie-woogie. Further entertainment In furnished by the “Wrecking Crew,” a small swing band-within-a-band. Vocal backgrounds are provided by the ‘‘Four Strong Men” quartet.
Versatile Bob
Bob Strong has bepn called one of the most versatile musicians in the country. He plays six instruments—the piano, violin, saxophone, oboe, English horn, and clarinet. He arranges most of the music played by iiisiCrganizatiori and has written several ; swing tunes—“RifT-Ilaff,” “Fliiid Drive,” “That’s All Brother,” and -“SuppCr Dance in Samoa.” According to ruling by the Student Senate, no corsages will be worn at the dance tonight. Admission will be obtainable only by hall men, and those with special bids.
Sunday Afternoon 01 EM Official To Speak
For ^oiivo March 12
ROTC NameWinner O f Gun Competition Second semester 1.56 mm. how-, ilzcr competition was held Tuesday evening with the following teams placing: first place, squa(l 7 witli L. W, Thorpe as executive; second, squad 4 with P. A. Eckler as executive; third, squad !) witli W. P. Zimmerman as executive; fourth, squad 6 with E. A. Welbnum ns executive; fiftli, squad I! witli .1. K. Dodds as executive. Sixth, squad 8 with S. C. Peterson as executive;, seventh, squad '2 with R. L. Zollman as executive; eighth, squad 10 with A. L. Jackr son as executive; ninth, squad 1 with M. C. Myers as executive; and tenth, squad 6 with R. M. McKee as executive. Prof, E. R. Honeywell . . . of the Horticulture Department, will serve as a judge at the National Flower and Garden Show to be held at the International Amphitheater in Chicago March 16 to 17.
Mary Ann Mercer Discussion Groups To Meet On Campus For District Contest District contest of the National Extempore-Discussion Contest on Inter-American affairs will be held on the campus Thursday, March 19. Among the schools participating in the district division will be Notre Dame, Manchester, and Wa-
bash.
Round Tabic Discu,ssions Tlie conference will consist of round table discussions beginning at 1:20 p.m. and an extempore-dis-cussion forum beginning at. 7:30
p.m.
Prof. P. E. Lull, director of forensic activities, has been appointed district manager of the nation-wide contest. The contest, wlvich is being held to interest university students and inform the public about hemispheric affairs, is sponsored, by the Office of the Coordinator of In-ter-American AlTairs, through the National Public Discussions Committee, Inc, Two Dislricl WinneiH Two outstanding students , fcuni cacli district contest will meet .it regional contest.s. Tlie six regional winners will be ilulegutes to the National IntercollegiateCojnference in Washington. Each delegate will he awarded a conducted tour to the other American reiudilics this .snmmcr. , About 'loo college.s and universities are taking |iart in the con-
test.
Junior ME's All junior Mechanical Engineers must fill out their personnel record card.s in (he Conference room of tlie Mechanical Engineering' huilding by 5 o'clock today. W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
Singers Present- Light-, Semi-Cia&sical Music Second of the Music Hall series sponsored by the Student War Council -will feature the Livingston Quartet, Sunday afternoon at 4 p.m.,' according to an announcement by William Farber, student chairman of the committee in charge. The quai'tet is eompqsed of professional soloists in the Chicago ared, and was recently starred on Edgar Bei'geri’s radio show. They offer light semi-classical and popular numbers, and have traveled about the country as the background organization of the General Motors
Shows.
Athletic Tenor Bruce Marvin, first tenor of the quartet, was a member of the Minnesota hardwood quintet some years ago, as well as the Minnesota tennis team and the University of Colorado football team. Paul Mallory, second tenor, has appeared ”with oratorio groups of the middle west, and was for three years staff artist at WMAQ. First bass Howard Bcrholter, graduate of Northwestern, won district honors at the Chicagoland Music Festival and for the past two years has been one of the younger incmbers of the Chicago Civic Opera Company. Soloi.st With Symphony Ray Steiner, who has appeared on NBC and Columbia networks and (See MUSIC CONVO—Page 4)
Wayne Coy, liason officer for the Office of Emergency Management, and special administrative assistant to President Roosevelt, will speak at the third Univei'sity War Convocation at 11 a.m. Thursday, March 12, in the Music Hall. Following the procedure used at previous War convps, all classes will be dismissed at 11 in order that all students may hear the speaker. According to Richard A. Dibps, chairman of the Student War Council, classes will be dismissed at 10:50 to allow students to.hear Coy speak on present-day America. Native Of Indiana A native of Indiana, Wayne Coy is a graduate of P’ranklin College. While there life ■worked on the Franklin Star. Carrying on the newspaper work after his gradu-
ation, he bought the Delphi Citizen and served as its editor for several years. In 1033 he became under-secrc-tary to Paul V. McNutt, who was then Governor of Indiana, and held tliat position for four years. When McNutt went to the Philippines in the office of commissioh-er-genei'al. Coy went with him* Pi'evlous to this, while still in Indiana, Coy served in Indiana relief work as head of NYA and WPA. Two years ago Coy returned to the United States and again served under McNutt when he was appointed Social Security Administrator. Coy has been serving in this position for over a year, and ranks as one of the top men in tlie administration.
War Council To Present Fifth Program In Fowler Hall At 4 “Some Problems of Peace” will be discussed by Prof. Rob* ert Phillips of the department of history, government afl<i economics this afternoon at 4 p.m. in Fowler Hall. This fifth in a series of defense lectures sponsored by the Student Whr Council and presented by members of the history, government and economics department will be a map talk. Using a set of colored maps to illustrate his talk. Prof. Phillips will tell of the problems which will be met in attempting to ■ ^———— — make peace. He will discuss
'Beyond The Horizon' Passes Second Night; Playshop Improves
By John Armstrong and Don Brophy
the changes that should be made in the map of the world, the possibility of anothfer attempt at a League of Nations and the problem of dealing with the axis
powers.
Author of Text Books
Prof. Phillips, who received his degrees at the University of Michigan, has been at the University
Dr. Elliott Welcomes Delegates To Better Homes Conference
PEW Offers Course In Body Mechanics For Improving Coed Physical Fitness
By Jane Rainsdell Physical fitness for women is lining stressed by the PEW department by giving all freshmen a course in body mechanics. It is the desire of the department to help the women of today to adequately assume their responsibilities in the present emergency. One of the objectives of the course is to develop in the' student such skills as relaxtion, flexibility, balance, rhythm and timing. As a result of the course the student will also gain the ability to assume and maintain good posture at all times, and to acquire the ability to use parts of the body, efficiently. Pictures Taken Posture pictures were taken before giving the course and the various posture faults were discussed. The studies include underlying theory and prineiples of good posture, efficient movement and body mechanics. Students sliould gain a knowledge of correction of
functional posture defects, importanee and necessity for such things as complete relaxation, as well as sufficient exercise, good personal and mental hygiene and factoi's involved in attractive personal appearance. Improvements Noted Pictures will be retaken at the close of this eight weeks’ eourse and improvements will be noted and discussed. .The class work is only a foundation and should Ijie carried over into the daily life of the student in order to develop better muscle tonus, more organic stimulation and better general physical
fitness.
The course i.s designed to develoj) certain attitude.s such as a desire to appear to the best advantage in posture, dress, and eleaiiliness, to respect the body machine and to have a sense of the feeling of “wellbeing’’ derived from strenuous and efficient use of the body.
Entertains With Dance Numbers In Gym, 8:15 As an added attraction to this evening’s mixed reei-eation, a Jefferson High School danfee group under the direction of Mi,s.s Lucille Anderson will demonstrate American country dancing in the Women’s Gymnasium at 8:15. Four Dances Four dances will corniiose the high school group’s program. The first will he u combination of “Dive for the (fyster” and “Take a Little' Peep.” The other thiee dances will 1)0 “Two Gents Swing,” the “Cake Walk” aiuLthe “Cnipevine .Twist.” Mr. Clarence Bodle will act as caller with Earl C. St. John at I,he (liano. l'’ollowing the deinonstration, tile audienee will be invited to piirtieipale in the dancing. ■’ Tlie usual games may be played from 7:30 until 10 p.m. Both tlie games and the (lenionstration will be offered to the iniblic free of
eliarge.
Christian Students To Hold Town Tour Purdue Christian Foundation will sponsor its second annual Traveling Seminar Saturday afternoon, consisting of aTour of various .sections of Lafayette. The group will visit the north-end slums and community houses, the county jail, Temple Israel, St. Mary’s Roman Catholic Church and the south-end and Wabash RiVer slums. Tvi’Tnty-five cents will be charged to cover transportation costs. The jniblic is invited. Cosmopolilan Club To Give Relief Fund Show Monday Featuring tlie nuisic and dancing of the various countries represented in the student body, the Cosmopolitan and Chinese Students Club will present an “International Show” Monday, Mai'ch 9, at 8;30 p.m. in the south ballroom of the Union. In addition to performers in native costunies, instrumental and vocal numbers and all types of dances including the rhumba, a technieoloi' sound film on “Hawaii” 'U'ill be shown. Irv Given’s band will provide the music for the entertainers. The show will be presented as a benefit for the Relifef Fund Coordinating Committee. Tickets for the performance, priced at 28 cents each, ai';e now available from'membcr.s of the two clubs, or can bo obtained at the door.
President Edward C. Elliott yesterday welcomed representative civic leaders from all part of the state to the campus for the two day conference of the Indiana section of the Better Homes in America and the Garden Clubs of Indiana. Dr. Elliott is president of Better Homes of America. Opening sessions of the conference stressed the importance of “home” as contrasted to mere “housing.” The principle address of the opening morning session was given by Dr. Lillian M. Gilbi'eth, professor of management in general engineering. Dr. Cilbreth spoke on the conference theme, “The American Home as Headquarters for National Work.” She discussed maintenance and adaptability of the home, and pointed out the conflicting loyalties
of the homemaker to lier home and to outside activities. The afternoon was given over to discussion groups, one for those interested in better gardens and one foi' those more interested in the prclgram of Better Homes in America; The afternoon session included a tour of the University plots and greenhouses. ' At the banquet program in the evening the University Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, sang and Dr. Geoi'ge Davis, director of teacher placement, read poems by James Whitcomb Riley. Pi-ofessor R. B. Hull served as master of ceremonies for an informal quiz program with the leadei’s of the conference forming the board of “experts.” Tqday’s sessions will continue the (See HOUSING—Pagc 4)
Playshop’s second performance for twenty years. He is an author of “Beyond the Horizon” last night of a number of books, including a made two facts evident: first, Eu- text in American government, gene O’Neill definitely did not have which is used by about 200 colleges Playshop players and Purdue audi- and universities, and he is listed, ili onces in mind when he wrote his Who’s Who of America, first dramatic tragedy; second. The final lecture of this drfense Playshop performances are oh the j^e given in the near=fttupgrade. ture by Prof. J. A. Bstey who mfl Players and audiences alike Strug- speak on “Post-War Economics;” gled to keep in the proper intense Prof. Louis M. Sears and Prof. Vpsychological attitude during the L. Albjerg presented the first two two and one-half hour play. Betty speeches, both dealing with eebErick as the unhappy wife; Dorcas nomic aspects and changing condiTribble in the role ofy;Kate Mayo, tions in the post World War I pethe mother; and John Clark as i-jod. The third lecture, given by James Mayo, the father, were the prof. C. B. Murphy, concern^ most, consistently impressive per- hemisphere relations while in the formers in a cast not quite up to fouHh of the series, Prof. J: W. the task. Robinson discussed the bill of rights Lighting and scenery contributed in time of war. , to the depre.ssing hopelessness that is the atmosphere of the play. High- The purpose of these Convocations lights of the production were the jg to.acquaint the Student body'with angular love-scenes in the first act, reasons for and the effect of the dramatic first departure of An- pagsports are not needed for: dy, and the nagging mother-in-law admission,
scene of the second act.
Coed Activity Groups To Sponsor Elections In Union, Elections of officer,s for flic three iiiajur women’s organizations on the campus will i.)c held Wednesday in the Union with all coeds having the priviledge to vote for candidates for WAA', AWS and YWCA offices. Nominees for tlie WAA offices werfe selected by a primary election held last Wednesday. Candidates for AWS offices were approved last w'eek, while YWCA nominees for cabinet office.s were introduced at a meeting last week. WA.\ Candidatc.s Opponents iiiflhe WAA election will be Jane Blank and Gail Hennis, for tlie office of president; Beatrice Buergler and Ruth Walker, vicepresident; Evelyn Scliuber and Joan Steigei'wald, secretary; and* Elizabeth Baughman and Doris Bower, treasurer. AWS Candidates Candidates approved by tlic AWS executive board were Florence Croll and Jane VanCorkom, president; Nelda Byrum and Doris Dombey, secretary; Ruth Hokleu and Jean Thompson, treasurer; Emily Lloyd and Lois Veit, junior representative; and Julia Jones and Mary Lou Sternberg, sophomore representative, YWCA Candidates Caroline McCrary and Vivian Peter.son, president; and Betty Evans and Cindy Hague, secretary, are candidates for offices bn the YWCA cabinet. Chan Ball is the only member up for the office of treasurer. Petitions for positions of cabinet oflieers cun still lie obtained and filled out of the YWCA office in the Union. To be oligiblo for candidacy, a member must have worked on thfe cabinet for at least a year and have sufficiently high scholastic standing. All elections will be held in the hall of tlie Union. Coeds will vote between 8 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. upon presenting their passports.
Senior Women All senior coeds are asked to report to the AWS office between 1 and G p.m. tomorrow or Moii-" day.
Mixer Will Feature Irv Given Saturday Union Mixer loiiiorrow night will feature Irv Given ami his campus band in the north ballroom of tlic Union. The usual price of ijil.lO will prevail. The dance will last from 8:30 to 11:30. General theme of the mixer is March winds. The backdrop will feature the picture of a girl with a skirt blown high by the wind. Tlie band fronts show wind-blown hats. Winter Course To Stage Annual Judging Contest Ailnual Eiglit Weeks’ Winter Course Livestock Judging Contest will be held tomorrow at 8 p. m. in the Livestock Judging Pavilion on the University farm. Twenty-four short -course students will take paz't in the conlest. The judges will place eight classes of livestock, made up of two classes each of hogs, horses, cattle and sheep. They will write reasons for four of the classes ancl merely place the oilier four. John CreenImrg of the sliorl. course teaching stafl’ is in charge of the contest and lie will be assisted by George Duffy, president of Hoof and Horn Club, which sponsors the contest. Alpha Chi Omega . . . social sorority, amiouiices the election of the following officers: Jane Ballard, president; Kay Leist, vice president; Becky, Ann Pervine. recording secretary; Virginia Pfisterer, corresponding secretary; Betty Leaming, treasurer; Shirley Whiteman, warden; Dottie Sieb, rush chairman; Mary Jane Burton, social chairman; Jeanette Rutherford, house manager; and Betty Hutchins, Pan-Hellenic delegate.
Dr. Hannett To Speak For Marital Lectures Dr. Lrance Hannett of the University of Cincinnati will speak next Monday at 7:30 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Her subject will be “Happiness in Marriage.” The talk is the second of a series of marital lectures for senior and junior women. Juniors must obtain permission iVom Jane McCouch or Agnes McCulloch before attending the series. One of the four lectures was given last Tuesday night by Dr. Marie Wessells, practicing physician from CJhicago, who spoke on “Marriage as a Normal Function.”
Lt.O.J.Vogl,Jr. . . . has been promoted to the rank of Captain of the 19th Fieli^ Artillery, stationed at Camp Caster, Michigan. Vogl was awardi^ recognition as the most soldietly cadet in the ROTC while he studied mechanical engineering at the Uhiversity.
Science StudenH All junior and senior Science men must fill out their personnel record cards in the Conference room of the Executive building by 5 o’clock today. ’ W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
Two Singles In Seventh Heaven or How To Get The Gate From A Date
By Betty Campbell Tliere are several ways to ask a girl for a da.te. You might just up and say, “Hey, Babe, iiow about takiii’ ill a flicker with me?”'Then again you iiiight wait until about seven-thirty and tlicn buzz her on the phone. Both appi'oachcii are equally potent. After the girl has consented to join you in a trip' to Hie theater, keep her wailing some twenty-five or thirty minutes just to show her who’s who! When you finally do arrive, tuck her anil confidently tlirolig'li yours, and look about for one of her girl frieuds whose boy fricii'l is lucky enough to have a car. Having located the objective, you bum a ride across town, much to the chagrin of your date, your date’s a girl friend, and your date’s girl friend’s date. Balcony Singles Arriving at the ticket office, ask your conipanioii if she wants to sit ii|:) or ilowii, and then buy the up.stair.s tickets before she has time to answer. After diinbiug up the several flights of stairs to the balcony, it is quite possible that there will be a scarcity of seats. If the usher can locate two singles, why not take them—after all you came to see the show, didn’t you? The show over, find your date again and go into a lengthy dissertation on the plot, acting, scenes.
and costumes. Act out a few of, the really good parts for her—she’ll be sure tp love it. You look at youi' watch and see that the evening is still young. Suggest walking home. If she is baticent, remind her that it is a -uicet cold night, and a little jaunt of fpuF or five miles is very healthful and refreshing. Point out to her tbift she is pale and peaked. Walk Home Your date may be thirsty; if so, stop by the drug store and get a drink of water. It might be advisable to keep up a steady stream of chatter at this point, or the girl of your dreams (because thaUs all she’ll be from now on) may interrupt and order a coke. Proceed to walk across tlie levee at a fast pace, so she’ll be nice akid tired when slie gets home. If there b any time left before“hours,” stick around and discuss cuAent events with lier. There’s nothing like a good rousing pro and ten on tlie war situation, especially when you yoUrself gives both sii^es of the case. Before leaving ask for another date. She may say that she’s buey for the next two years, but don^ l^fc that fool you—she’s just playihg hard to get. Call her up every nightjl but don’t ever worry about second date. . ’*“*|b*2* ' Purdue Exponent
Friday^ March
Merry-QO-ROUMt)
Jorie^' BanMf Two Jobs. Cause War BoHleneck
j|)ditor’st. N,otc: The authors of Th^jii Washing,ton „ Merry - Go - Rouq^, believing that President Roosevelt should be consistent -jv^th his-opposition to “Thp Nine OXd Men” serving on the Supreme Court in 1937, have written a senses op “The Ij'our^ Old Meu” in tj^'Roosevelt cabinet who are engaged in vital war jobs—Secretaries Hull, Stimson, Knox and Jonesrr-all aged around 70; Herewith is their appraisal of Secretary of Commerce Jones.
WASHINGTON, March 5. — If Jesse Jones had not insisted on the dual role of Secretary of Commerce apd. Federal Loan Administrator, h,e would not be such a brake on our war effort. Originally it never was intended that one man. should hold these two all-important jobs. Eoosevelt didn’t intend it, and Congress didn’t intend it. In fact, it was specifically . required by law that one man could not hold both offices. However, when the President first offered Jesse the Commerce Department, FDR consented in a weak moment to let him remain as: Federal Loan Admini.strator -T-i£ Jesse could get permission from. Congress. The President thought, of course, that Congress never would give it. . But he forgot that Jesse Jones, a.s Loan .‘Vdi/iinistrator, had passed out- juicy tidbits to the constituents of almost everyone on Capitol Hill. Congressmen remembered that. Also they figured that some day. they might want more. So Jes-^^e actually got a .special resolution through Congress permitting him to hold
both jobs.
It Was :a great day foi' the ego of one man, but a tragedy for the 129,999,9.99 other citizens of the
U.,S. A.
• Banker jones Few people realize how important loans are, to the American war machine — and even less do they know what a throttle-hold the man who controls these loans has upon war production. Rea.son is that most of the companies manufacturijig war supplies have to receive loans from the Federal treasuiy. Even such giant companies as Curtis, Packard, and General Motors, have received war loans fiom the Gov-
ernment.
Therefore, the speed of granting those loans, and the decision as to who gets them not only means defeat or victory, but vittally affects, the future economy of the United States. That is why Jesse Jones today,, as Federal Loan Administi'ator, is more powerful than the Chief of Staff, the Commander of the Fleet, the War Production Board’ the Secretaries of War and Navy—in. fact, everyone in Washington save the President of the United States. » How Jesse Works Here, for instance, is a. concrete iyu^U'<^^^°b of bow it ryorks... The Mgrine Electric Corporation of I’oitland, Oregon, is making extremely important war instruments. In fact, it is the only factory on the West Coa.st which can /make them. Lt. ha.s a..pa.yroJl of around 1,000 inon and an excellent reputation, but was up again.st the fact that the Navy had not imspected a lot of instruments and therefoi'c had not paid
for thon.
:So, a short time ago, the company urgently needed a. defense loan, arid was in a po.sition wheie it would have to close dosvn if it got no money to meet it.s payroll. Alj it needed vva.s $80,000. But to get this through Jesse Jones’ RFC
ordinarily requires about two
months.
In Ibis case, however, the War Production Board, went over the head of Jesse Jones, telephoned dirpet to Portland, asked William Kennedy, manager of the Portland RFC office, to forward the papers immediately, an4 after a lot of bujldpsjng iir Washington, finally got the loan. . Subsequently, how'ever, the.WPB Finance Division was warned not to do,anything like that again. “Wc had to. keep our men here until 11 p.m., “RFC officials com-
plained.
And as a result of the loan, Jesse Jones, Loan Administrator, has a mortgage even on the life insurance of the Marine Electric Corporation’s executive and a provision that his plant can’t spend more than $1,000 without RFC consent. • Boss Bottleneck
O
O to 1
Chief trouble with Jesse Jones is that he has spent most of liis 68 years as a ba,u.ker,..and thjs i^.a. time when the nation needs red-tape-cutr ters not bankers. Yet you can’t teach ail old dog new tricks. And today, with the war going,- worse and worse, and production more and more necessary. Jesse is still kee.pin,g his' eye glued to the balance sheet. Sometimes he almost seems more interested in saying a few pennies than in saving the nation. Last Summer, for instance, when American ships were rushing rubber from the Dutch East Indies, the ^Navy and Maritime Commission wanted to unload the rubber at San Francisco, instead of taking it all the way through Panama to New York. This meant a slightly more expensive rail haul over the Rockies, but also it meant about a month saved in rushing vessels back to Singapore for another load of rubber. But Jesse Jones wouldn’t pay the extra rail charge from San Fi'ancisco to New York,. He insisted that the ships go all the way through the canal. And since he made the loan, to buy the rubber, Jesse was boss. He was both boss and bottleneck. And that one little saving of about 6c a pound on rubber \y.ill cost the American people thousands of tires one. year hence.
If a,ny sepipr, i§ iptei^GstecI ip^ an intql'vieW;,\vi tb ap-ft .o| .jilje. fqiloYf ipg Gompanies, complete, onp;,of, the yolr ipw “Request for Ipterv.iew,” qards, gjisupply of which is in. your school office. You will be notified by card ]’ from the Pei'somier Office when to
schedule an interview;
Bob Weaver journeyed up to e. I. cluPont de Nemours & Co., Michigan last week and restored Wilmington, Del. jrr All Mljl’s (Iflhis Theta Chi pin to the pei'son of gustrial), EE’s, and , CE’s wbp a,ce Virginia Bormaii foi; about the interested in an\ ihtoryiew wi,thyl^e fenth time. If s, gotten tp ,be, ppeh ^nPonf Ooinp,aivy,,fio,me,. tp, the Pgra habit with him, he keeps a supply Ofjice immediately and schedof cigars at the house all the time. yle. a, time. A company representa.- * * live will, visit tliq campus on March
Sigipa f^u Dave Lodge receptjy 9 and 10.
put his hardware on Mary Cath- Naval Oi'dnance Laboratory, erine Gee. Meanwhile, brother Dick Yard, Washington, D.,C.—All .\ndqrspn put out. his pin off gain- MKs, and Science interpted pus. P,hi I?si A1 jGtaf .went the route in tjlie o.ppprtunities. this labprato,ry and placed a ring on third finger, offers, as described on the Personnel left hand of Pat Frederickson. The ipterview Notice in your school, schedule has it that they will be pignse .sign, up in the Personnel one in May. Congi’.ats to both Office, immediately., couples. ^avy Department, Bureau of * '' * Ships, Washington, D. C,—All engiRill Hosier emerged from the hos- peers, particularly women. Secure pital the other day. Now he claims an application blank from the Perhe has nothing t.o live for, so he’s sonnel Qffice befqre March 10. going back, to spend his reipaining Corn Products Refining Company, days. His “pal”—Georgie Palmer— Ai'go, Ilk—March 13. Especially instole his girl,, wrecked, his car, and terested in ]VI.E,’s. Schedule an innow is dating his nurse. And Bill t,erview in Personnel Office before
is in no condition to .do ajiything Mapeh 10.
about it-so . . . he’s going back to westinghouse, Air Brake Co., Wilthe hospital to end it all. AlaVpoor Pa.—March 13. M.E. sign
William! (
m Jlere?
,Thei Univers^fy announced,;tihat.; a special two-week short course in tractor operation., would, be - offiered to farmers as a patriotic service.
A “very choice a.nd'noyel” program featuring ■ “the facrfamed Kitchen Mechanic’s Band,” \yas pre.^ *sented by the Purdue Girls? Glee Club in. Fowler Hall.
A symbol representing the 1700 men which Purdue has given to the nation was presented! to. the University in the formvof; a: service flag at a convocation. The flag was the gift of the Purdue Girls’ Club.
merding, Pa,-
up in Personnel Office, '
\ AVagner Electric Corp., St. Louis,
Theta Jeannette “Baldy” Haync.s Mo.—Coming soon. M.E. and E.E. shattered the dreams of. c.ountless^Sj.gn up in Personnel Office, campus lotharios—namely.one Hai- Duquesne Light Co., Pittsburgh, old Knight—by taking the Fiji pin pa._Coming soon. M.E. aigl E.E. of Tommy Graham the other night, Personnel Office. We never thought we’d see the day. Life i„s. Co., ActuThought Jenny was,, one of those Division, New York, N. Y.-
/ Kappa Sigma fraternity wag awarded the Alford tro,phy. for scholarship for the second time. The Troop trophy for the honorary witlr the best scholarship was given to Alpha Zeta.
“career” gals so prevalent at the
Theta house.
Thrift stamps to the value of $109 were sold by the faculty wiyes at the regular Thursday, convocation. Freshmen were reported to be more reticent than upperclassmen in purchasing the stamps.
Undergraduate men for summer work, especially those with a major'
,. . " . .. in inatheniatics..Ariyo'pe imterested, Bertie “Herself” Cole finally please sign in Personnel Office, stopped fooling around and is no^y E. I. duPont DcNemours & Co., wearing the Lambda, Chi emblem AVilmington, Del.—March 9 and 10. of Jim Claffey. Congratulations, ME, CE, EE. Come to Personnel James. Now let’s see if you can Office immediately and sign for inhandle the gal. She. ain’t so big, tei.yiew.
but .
Monday rolled around with all its traditional blueness and stuff, so Harry “Itch” Pettit proceeded to transform the blue into an amber
AVest Bend Aluminum Company, West Bend, AVis.—fMarch 11. ME and EE. Come to personnel Office immediately and sign for interview. Philco Radio & Television Corp., Philadelphia, Pa.—Mar. 10. Wants
Junior Prom, to be held April 12, was advertised as “without formality this year, but more fun than ever before.” Charles Fisher’s orchestra was signed for the gala week-end which was to include house pai’ties at the Kappa Sigma, Sigma Pi, Acacia, Alpha Gamma Rho, Beta Theta Pi, Cosmopolitan, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Theta Xi, Sigma Nu, and Sigma Chi fraternities.
,' By Bud Eberts ■VV.haUa',Ay,^eke,ndr; Looking at our schedule for, goingso.ns this weekend—the riexl Wo days promise to be about as dull as the plot in Noah, Webster’s' contrL bution tp the litef^yj^ world. fjGnly: ,one .thing saves tljis weekend from ‘ being the best We’ye known of to sleep, through. CffjV!» C,lub, oue of the, uatiqn’s up .and Gopring yovpig bajns.tp, plajc, for their annual dinner-dance. Bob S.tpopg is. tjie man 'wjtk, the banA V?e -were .taking abqut—;and,' if you’ve,.. Kiev,er hea.rd bis Saturday, afternoon , program, you’ve really missed something. / ■t,- ■ / WOM?^ , ■ . - ’ No cor,sages, wili’ be'-worn. by. the coeds and .imports, to this dance,, A fq^nal ,d%ii^ ■thd E5allf;;#,i} apdf^UbPlM. W the;, usual 8:36 to 11:30 for the duration.' , AyGC'ti. '' ; Wiii find ;,i ■ Ayili,v.%id,,the iUg, ouf-splggb ftU? ,2:8Ptho^e s,epkip.g- ajijihfqicejtG,>spqj twogreat athletiOj'.gi.ypuiis in action. , ,'rquight. tbe;.,lggtjv . of / .the cpi;jje^iaf,playsh9,RuRrQ#P.figR..g acting., caij b^jfOjUp^;, th.roughbot.fhe piAyi. ,,so.,,ifi;at’gj dj;^^t'iesv.\S9u, .pfaut —drop over, tegFotV.lqr Hall. WGOH , . : “March AViiul” is the theme for the weekly mixer tomorrow night in the north,.ballroomj of the Un|om Irv Glveu and, hia. pampus bapd will be on hand to play, for their first mixer dance in mauy-a-Week. w,GoH?., ■ So,, unless we drink top many wine-colas—we’ll see you, aroundi!
id:10,''Iihe .CuriojjM^.;t .. 1,0:16, 10:30 WB A A Presents. . 10:46 Theatre of Song k , 'j:ip^^6?f#vyiSr A-; ■ - ..vA-k mf ll:()p filSi/biddf HiN^ory . with Wof. Frank Hall* J.l;60 Purdue News i: I ' ll:66'4fpWA-Lvt ■ '' /.V.' 12:00 Agrieultumi Foruin ; , 12:15, Mepfe, the Band, ii2,:46 Mua'c i^':'56'News'! .. I'.QO. Spuyenirs .. T:3,0 BpttieriYisi'on 1:4,5 biarkets . •i.:.56; News :! 2:00 Story a Day , 2:15 Script . : ‘ : 2 :30' Moods in MusiG-^lStfs,' jG';' W. Hemmer, 2:56:News' .fi ’ 3:00' Special Musical Sarigs.-rr,. Jefferson fligh, Scbopl. ,r„, .,^ 3:30 Marjorie Williamson—siriger 3:45 ]\Iusic . 3:65 'News 4:00 Tea Xime TuneS „/ j, ..,^ 4:30 lyfr. ;A,, ,P. Htewart’s. blusic Organizations 4:4,5 'The, Curio Man’ !; 4:5b Mevys • , 1. -..k: 5:00 Campus Roundtable-— /j;: ,. . “Ruinoivor Fact” ’ 5:30 Afespers,!. ■ .. ' k, 6:45 Little MiSs, Muffett.,
5:55 News
Atpha Gamma Rho Holds Elections, List's Plediges
6:00 6:30 6*45 6:55 7:00 7;3P 7:45 7:55 8ffi0 8:30 8:45 9:00 9:55
Dipnor Hour/,. .. . , Sports/Keview v:Uh.,|’. R. Y. N.e:!ft Week at Purdue Ncvy.s , V ^., Lafayette Little 'Tb.e|ii'e Albert Schmad'el—singer Music . hlcws ■ . , P. L A. HorupT Russ Gragfnitz—pianist Hventide Echoes .Musicana . ■ //.;■ .News ■ ..,,
color. Deciding that romance was EE. Sign up in Personcl Office ima big factor in livening up.a mclan- mediately.
® Mexican Mercury
Again, Jesse Jones refused to pay Mexico more than .$100 a flask for mercury. Japan was paying as high as $230 a . flask, hut Jesse wouldn’t
budge a cent higher.
It happens that mercury, not only is e.ssential to shells and explosives, but also is “poor rnan’s gold” in Me.xico, being rained by Indians on small farms. AA^hen the price is high they work, when it i.s low they do something else. Result was that Jap agents smuggled a lot of mercury right out from under Je.sso’s nose. Moreover, the Japs bought directly from the Indian, while Jesse, a banker to the end, insisted on buying through the big- bank.s of Mexico City, which took a commission from the natives. So the natives preferred to sell dir I’cctly to the Japs and keep the commission for them.selves. And tliqt .i-s one reason why we .are already running low on mercury. (Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc;)
choly mood, our boy Harry treked on over to the Pi Phi house that p. m. to put out his pin. Just who he was going to put it on was a major question. He and a few cronies (to supply romantic ballads for the pinning) knocked on the door and the honsemotheL Mrs. Bonner, did till she could to discour- ’ age our hero. But Harry, undaunted and with his foot in the door—
RCA Manufacturing Co., Inc., Indianapolis, Ind.—Mar. 16. AVomen^ majoring in statistics, accountin.g, and business administrcition. Also Avomen engineering students. Sign up in Personnel Office immediately.
AA''illiu.m S. Hart was playing at the Orpheum Theatre where adinission was 5' and 10 cents. The same prices pi-cvailed at the Strand -Ther atre oh the AVest Side although the tariff at, the Family was 10 and 15 cents.
Alpha Gamma Rho,. speial fz^atcr,nity, .announces the election of the following officers: president, AViL liam A. Stover, Corydon; rush chairman, Howard. , Diesslin, LaPorte; vice president, Othmar. J. Burger, Jasper; house manager, George Driffy, Noblesville; secretary, Ross McKee, Kentland; social chairman, Jim Krueck, New HaVen;
athletic chairm.i\nj . Bill Sujqipbrj Owensville; chaplaiip, Dgle .Ijfg^cl, South Bend ;.a-nd, usher, Wayfib Anders, Terr.e Haute, . , < The following .men w.ere plp,(|gedt Dick Mack, HiHs.dalei^-lBiii Laf.ayette;. Carl RpdenbcPg,’^‘ggnsfork; Charles Duesler,, Albi.pbt''TQbn Cassidy, Kentland, - , /a
Johnston C. Craig
Student Senate Callouts Wail End Today At 4 P. M.
Callouts for. freshmen workers on
niade a very e oquent .speech and Student Senate will end today the result was that Mrs. Bonner ac: 'at ,4, Dave. Frost, junior executive,
cepted the pin! AVhat the gentleman
. , . conseiwationalist. for the Soil Conservation Service in charge of the Evansville district, spoke at the regular forestry club meeting on “Soil Conservation in Indiana” AVednesday night.
will do now is uncertain. Rumor has it that flowers are on the way to the Pi Phi house and that Mrs. Bonner will be an honored guest at the Theta Chi house in the very near future. She’s a grand sport, at any rate.
has announced that the Senate is in urgent need-of freshmen workers to help put out the new-Fresh-man Handbook. Freshmen will work on the editorial' staff, and the jobs will consist of writing, editing and typing. Interested fi-cshmen are to
report to the Senate office.
Buy Yolir ARROW SBIRTS it
HWiS?
mif.
AV.e bear , that a,., certain Delta Gamma — Alice Coe by name — drinks olive oil, before visiting the local pubs. She figured that it Would aid her ability as a consumer. What they won’t think of next around here.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
AWS Conducts Survey Of Silverwaj’e Patterns
.Vll senior women are a.sked to call at the AWS office, either today, Alonday or Tuesday between 4 and 6 p.m. to express their views concei niiig various patterns of silverwaie. This survey is being conducted .I'or the Market Research Bureau by. tile AAVS' and is one of the many held for senior women in colleges 'all over the counti-y.
“Pope Piu.s” Hossellman certainly seems to rate—with the Kappa,s,, anyway. A few weeks ago, AVally Callender came, back to town and asked him to a dance. Then, last week-end, Betty Ann Carr came up from N.aptown and. called up Hoss for a social encounter. What a man! But he won’t be when PE 12 finishes with him.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
TODAY - SAT. - 2 HITS
John. HOWARD Morgdret LINDSAY
PLUS
w
TOM'' t DAVIS
—TODAY & SAT.
ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE IN THE OLD SOUTH!
JOHN
JOAN
Li\D\' /«'" S
PwidusL £xpjmmL
All-Amcrican 1940-'41
Entered as s«!cond cla.s.s matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March'3, 1879, and at tlie special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily, except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, .91.00.
Rditor-in-Cbiff.. N4*ws EdUor Bportp Editor...
. Ned A. Ochiltree nu.sinesK IMAna^er Don S. Powerii ..John L. Trauffott Managing Editor Leland^W. Ruffnef Phil Johnson Coed Editor. ^.^.c.RuUl Rose
Publication Staff
Kditurial SIhB : K. Amun, ,1. ]). Aroihln.rii;, U. T. rirurby, • It. \j. lladli'y. 1'-. I. Jijiii-K. K. C. Kii.-ju-r. HmrifJiiBtS-. V- T, ciarli, J. U. Kru!,i!r. .J. S. Ki'flcr. Cotd Staff: Mary K. Uoyntun, Aliri,- CliulfiuW, .Jane JHamBdelJ.
Business Sfa,ff
Curd liuuineaa ManuKur: Donna Sicas; Offico Manager: i.eo UlKiSOtlit. Ducal Adverlisincr Managers: K. K. Cljcmrc, R. E. Saxton; Circulaliotc Mnnager: W. T. JJcll; Accounta Manager: W. 1). Millard. Junior Cued Managers: Jean I'-rankcnburry. Franeca Lloyd, Julia Marlin.
Phones: Editorial and Business. 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
KcprcsenUfl for nationnl advertiHing by "National AdvertiaLC sServicc, Inc., College Publiahera Reproaentativea, 420 - * '' York. N. Y. .
K
in« Madi.son Avc., Ni
Staff For This Issue
- ^'iltfht Editor: Starr Day Editor: AlirejiH
Spurlh Editor: Uuwsun
Issue Editor: Vermilion
Reporters: lieu!!, StcMilKM-t!:, Piekeriny:, Richardson, Fountuine. J.,aiifi’. Hoskiua, Rai'crl, Wickurd.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
i Knockout Thrills! i Knockout Action! Knockout Romance!
KNOCKOUT
With ARTHUR KENNEDY OLYMPE BRADNA VIRGINIA FIELD
Plus
She Ruled An Empire From A Gambling Joint!
DOUBLE CROSS
With KANE RICHMOND PAULINE MOORE WYNNE GIBSON
MARS
— LAST TIMES TODAY YOU GET A NEW PljiREE OF PLEASURE!
uiion Mmic ship ^ CHIC YOUNG
pfNNY ^uyudi,
awilli PENNY flufflUB imv ' 1 -SIMMS IA COLUMBIA PICTURE
STARTS SATURDAY
DICK FORAN ANNE GWYNNE JOHNNY MACK BROWN Tho MERRY MACS ELLA FITZGERALD THt HI-HATTERS THE BUCKAROO BAND
d wihriei*
Oil every cdmpiis!
T^AyORITE of Goilege nieit is the oxford cloth ■— shirt —T and leader of tlic oxfords is Arrow
Gordon Oxford. It conies in the button-doTVii, regular and wide-spread collar models, Mitogatailored, Gordon ,wi|ll keep, its fit, for it is labeled Sanforized (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). In whites, solids, and fancy patterns. Get Arrow Gordon now!
And get some Arrow lies to go with ill
Gel Your Style Right Shirts-
ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
MAIN
I
V i
*4
' i
t iii
y 1■' ♦' i " i.
^■\
me
sxt Year?
,/, It’s obvious -t-hat-tt "Only takes- about five men • fi’om eaeh-fv,eshm^ ,|quacl to make uj) a.-yni’sity, of 16. Who will we have to take the places of the eight :^Tadua.ting, seniors ? There are about eight boys Qii the club .who appear capable of playing in the big time. Six of these eight are well over six feet. nr ' lEftl«irs Making Fine Guard Eddie Ehlers is a fine ball handler, and can hit them from all points. Bill Kercheval, a slightly-huilt, lightrhgaded forward,; is, the ti’iekesjt pian ,on the squad, and he really gets buckets ai-ound the biggest of eompeti;tion. Carl Hoehammer is as strong as an ox, and specializes in rebounds while also contributing a Very fine pivot technique., , . r ■ , , Jack Kennedy is another big boy who has come a long way this sea,son, and passes and shoots with the^best. Bob McVey and Bob\^Mason are a tough pair of centers. Art Lange has peen developing a strong, dejfensive ability. Bob Myers, a fine shot, tops the list of eight names whom you will be seeing next season. ^ Fehring Has Done A Fine job ! Coach Dqtch Fehring has done a, fine job with. thp freshmen this yqax-. ■The many nights of hard work will show up in the varsity next season.
IMKIiii
SG Kiltier reialns flalk^-rslygs and wtliirl^'QQpIs sniokein Medico pipes, cigarette and cigar holders.
,rf'
'i/,, A"/,
What Hdve We For Kext
•■, ;^^verj^,,a#ernoqn; since ,th,e fipst .week in, :Novembql'r a gang, of: about .^C|i,|i'!^hna'e)r ca^erp haa. bqen., seriously going about the business nf becoming more perfect basketball pjayers, .There’s ho. bouquets for ;.this ■buneh each season, no> headlines, no big ganjes,., just six (layh,a;, weeh .P.f fundamentals and scrimmage and a few chances to battle against the V^ity>,/. y, ;; >'^ ''VVhen the, freshmen reported 100 strong in .Novepibpr, nobody ,gaive ,i,henn much, attention, because they thought that , they werewery medi.qcre as frLes.hnien squads go,.Whicib the-y were.at'that,time. Vfery few of ^e big' names in H'oosier basketball circles^—juSt a reprehensive group of. former high school players. • t JH^as .Jfoday. this, squad ,is a, fai’. ci’y from tha one of three; months; ago. . The jiqqg, hours,of s}xp,pting praptjce,, of .passing, of practicing pivots, of, .running fast break drills, of scrimmaging, cpmbined. with;..the. meticulous bandling of a very capable freshman coach have developed them. intO' a very fine yearling, club. . , , - . . . . . , . Seve:rajp times .this year they haye given the varsity strong runs for .their money. They arc tall, work well under the basket, and have- plenty of" drive.
F March t SNKj
Page 3
\ v
VV'*
Bi^ teii's B^est Indoor Track Marks 60-Yard: Dash-r-:06.2, Farmer, la., and Hammond, Ohio; :06.4, Thomas, and Piel, Mich., Soergel, Wis., and Keim, Pur. 440-Yard Dash—;48.8, Ufer, Mkh.; :50i2, .Oweii, Ohio and Behberg>. 11}.,;, ;:5Q,i;4, Colling, Ohio, Anthony, Pur., and Price, Ind; 880-Yard, Run—1,,:^6,4, ; Matthews; Mich.; LS'TTj.JRioJ^bprough, Michi.,; 1;:57.2, Yates; Ohio,, and; Rphberg, Illinpis; 1:57,4, Porter, Ohio. Mile Run — 4:12.1,, Mitchell, Ipd.;(,4:ie.8;; KgUgK liid,; 4:19.4, Rehberg, HI.; 4':22.1, Kemp, Pur. Twp:pie Run --.;9.:10, Wilt, Ipdiii9|^.?4 Gladdipg, 111.; 9:24.6, Mitchell, Ind.; 9-;35.6, Leonardi, Mich. . V 74)-Yarid tow Hurdles^—:07.8, Wright, Ohio; :08.1, Olsen, 111.; Vpllenweider, Iowa; :08.2, Lambert, Wis. ; 70-Y,ard .High, Hur41es-i—:08.4, Wright, Ohio; :09.0; Olsen, 111.; :P9,.l, Vpllenweider, Iowa; :09.2, Erori, Pur., and Pullman, Iowa. Mile Relay—^3:21.0, Michigan; 3:23.6, Ohio State; 3:24,3,ifjlinois; .3:25.1, Purdue; 3:26.8,.Indianm^ v-c.-,■ High Jump—P’j t'/ii”, Eoeflinger„ iOhip;, p’ 3<4”rl MgGarthy, Mich.; 6’ 3”, Starck and Edwards, 111. Broad Jump—24’ 2'/2”, Farmer, Iowa; 24’ 1%”. Dupre, Ohio; 24’ Vz”, Lewis, 111. Pole Vault — 14’, DeField, Minn.; 13’ 11%’’. Williams, Wis.; 13’ 4”, Schmidt, Ohio; 13’ 2”, Kincheloe, Chi. Shot Put—49’ 8”, Beirle, Wis.; 46’ e'/s”. Mail, 111.; 46’ 6”, Simmons, Ohio; 45’ 11”, Fitch, Minn.
According, to an announcement by Guy Mackey, athletic director, the eleventh annual .Purdue. Univei> sity’s Football:/ Clinic, will be held April 3.-4. This football: clinic, which was originated at this institution and which is being copied thi’.oughoiit the- country, is provided to aid the high school, coaches, of the state. Tentative plahs for; this . year’s clinic were to, abandon it because of the war emergency. Highr school coaches,: the state over, howievei', sent, in. a, score of. letters request:ing the maintenance- of the annual event. Some felt. that since transpprtation and other problems would be worse in the future, the sumjnsr coaching, schools, will, he.; out of the question. Theref.ore there will be a need-for the, plipic. Coaches Denia;i^.,It In ■lettersiitOa.botla Mackey and Elmer .Buimham',; f.vprsity football coach, Orville •Ji'Iipqkqi’,,-iof Marion, said he felt that, the coaches were 100 per, cent, ini,desiring continuance of the. clinic. Hooker is the president of the Indiana High School Coaches’ Association, In speaking fpr the coaches the -.state over, HqoHer said, “This. (.clinic>v has done a swell .thing for our fooidall, men. Maybe you-can reconsider the clinic. We/liopev so.’?, , -vy; ; The . two. day program.,, will; be composed of addliesses; demonstrations.: and, i'oiundr.table discussions of practical ;phases/: of the gridiron gaxxxe. Mackey andiBurnham are in charge of preparing a prograih for
the event. ;
As a tule between. 400 to 500 high school ; and, college coaches from the state, and outside as well attended: . the', clinie.v The sessions will be .conducted by leading', high school .coaches and College inentors. The,- rtientoi’s will«be. assisted.,by members, of the Riveter football squad who will be in spring practice at the time of the clinic. The gridders will serve as models on the field for demonstrations.^ and will help the coaches in other ways.
SaturdAy"& Tift Against Winois CtQses Season
Cecil Polk
Last night the Riveter neL men participated in what was their last heavy scrimmage of the 1941-42 basketball season. Eight seniors are included in this group that makes its final appearance in the Illini fieldhouse Saturday night. Shot At Second Place ■ As Coach Piggy Lambert’s twen-ty-fifth season as Boilermaker head coach draws to a closer the squad finds itself still in the thick of the fight for a share In the.second place position of the conference race. Iowa’s, Hawkeyes are firmly entrenched, in the runncmp slot and their defeat plus a Riveter victory will give the Lambertmen their desired achievement.. The Illini will Cuter the game as heavy favorites. Standing atop the conference heap with an enviable record, of twelve victories against two-losses they have, playedi a brilliant brapd of basketball all season. Their first string lineup featuy,es. four, - sophomores; who have been regulars from the start of the season’s actmties and who will certainly provide potent opposition in the seasons to come. Jack Smiley, Fred Vapce, Ken Menke, and Andy Phillip are the sophs who have teamed with the veteran Tommy Wukovits to give the Illini their first undisputed championship in two decades. Heavy Scrimmage Last night’s workouts for the Bpilei’inakers featured a long, offense and defense drill in which the Riveters conyenti'ated on working the |ballin to.wai’d the nets. In part ofi the drill Horsie Riley was. employed, as a pivot man. A lorig scriminage followed in which the varsity men ran away from the reserves with Captain Don Blanken pouring (Continued on page 4)
Faiitiliis Baiise
100% all wool slacks tailored- just like ;V^ >% ' (i his—right down to the last belt loop. ' New tapered bottoms with front or side zipper fastening. In men’s wear grey flannel, brown, navy and black. Sizes 10 to 20.
S0dMvmJL_ — Siaamd. J’loifv
. . . who has turned out to be one of the finest guards in Riveter basketball history will play his last game for the Gold and Black tomorrow night at Illinois. The little guard ha.s endeared himself to Boilermaker fans throughout the sear son for his amazing defensive feats. His perpetual motion type of play and guarding doggedness has enabled him to stiffle the scoring efforts of some of the Big Ten’s leading scorers. Here are the highlights of his record this year: Against Iowa — He held Ben Trickey to one field goal and one free throw. Against Northwestern—He took oyer Otto Graham on man to man assignment after the Wildcat ace , had scored nine points early in the game and held him to a single field goal for the remainder of play. Against Minnesota—He limited Don Smith’s scoring results to one free throw. Against Wisconsin^—He held John Kotz, leader in the Big Ten scoring race and a man who had been averaging 16 points a. game, to a single field goal and a lone free throw. A better than average student, Polk is a senior in the school of science. Following graduation in the first week in May, he is wavering between taking further training to qualify as an explosives expert and entering the nation’s aimed forces.
|M Schedules
BASKETBALL ‘ Friday, March 6 C'Drift 1 7 :00 Alpha Kappa Lambda v.s Delta Chi 7:15 »Ward 3. vs Ward 33 8:0U Ward 32 vs Ward 28 8:15 Short Course 2 'vs. Short Course 5 Court .2 , 7 :0() Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa Tau 7 :15 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Tau Epsilon Phi S:00 Bela 'rheta Pi vs Alpha Tau Ome;^a 8:15.. Pi Kai)pa..Phi vs Phi Kappa Psi
giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^ 1 FRIENDLY SERVICE | g Bonded = = Gas and Oil ^ j T. & R. OIL CO-, Iiic. I iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Promising td hfi one of the closeirt /and' most excitjn^|.in«et«.:'^er in-theFteklhoake ' eter-Northwestein, swimget under way Saturday at 3 p.m. Both tank squadS: this meet with almost identicalvrdfe ords and it ia alsot the la.at inteircwi'; legiate meet for both. So far this season,, the. Baffler? makers have defeated. State, Indiana, Illinois while succumbing to Michigan Ohio State. Northwestern has. lost to the Wolverines and-the Bjiditf eyesi Of their Big Ten competition, the Wildcats have, defeated. liKnpi^ Chicago and Wisconsin. . Close Match According to Coach Dick Papei*guth, this meet should be very tough and also very close na matter how you figure it. Noi'thWestern ha.s two very outstanding dhmrs by the names of Jaynes and McDonald. Fahrback, the Wildcat sprint man, is one of the finest in his field. Another tough man-OttHiie squad is Amundsen, who can swim anything, that the Northwestern coach might need him for, Bath.,!id the last two men named, ha-ve baeji making some very good times in the
hundred.
More Wildcats Amon.g their backstrokers, Eleinman and Mackey seem> to stand out. Bell is the’ breaststroker and? Menary and MeInnis are other simmt men for the -Wildcats. These men have all turned in some vei'y fast I'elay times. , ,; The usual array of Boilermafers will face the ■visiting tankers. Juen.gst will again do the diving::as will Williamson, the breaststrofe; Hansel, the fi-ee style; and oth’ei's. The four hundred yard free style relay team of the Riveters will probably be composed of Herr, Branner, Krueck, and Kratzer. - Relay Finishes It As the 400 yd relay comes Igst on. the list of events, the meet. may.he determined by it. Since the mateh should be very close all, the why through anyway. Coach Papen^th would not be surprised if the :megt; would be decided by this last qyentl The Pi'esent Fieldhouse,niark, in the 400 was: set by this year’s crew. The Northwestern bunch has been swimming the event very close .to the 3:41 time of the Riveters, so all in all, this should prove to be a very colorful match, indeed. Van Orman ToastefeF For Baskettall Tuesday Evening^ tl Presiding toastmaster at thq annual banquet in^honor of CoacE Piggy Lambertai^dvthfeSiyqteJfjhasi ketball squad. next Tuesday March 10 will be former Lieutenant Governor F. Henry .VanOrmafljs^iiptr. ed after dinner speaker aqdimasteh of ceremonies. E'. F. Dqgeringt Jias. been made chairman of thp , committee in charge of the_,affair.,: . j-. Van Orman’s acceptance oiF the toastmaster assignment wiiL thfe doubtedly add to the gaiety Q£i,thi.f. annual occasion which will se/cye aq a climax to Lambert’s successful “silver jubilee” season. ^ As one of the highlights- of the evening’s pro.grani, a special trib?. ute will be paid to Coach Lambert^, In addition, the captain for the/ 1942-43 squad will be elected along, with the selection of “the most val^.. liable player.” Also, announcements, of both varsity and freshmen awards will be made. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ^ ADVERTISERS v-
GREETING CARDS
FOR ALL OCCASIONS
DR. M. P. LORD
University Book Store
DENTIST
Across Prom Union
306-7 Lafayette Life Bidg.
“Kctl” Sammons ’29 “Doc” Epple '40
■-m
WhyNotMEET AT WALGREEN’S When You’re in Town • QUALITY. FOOD • FRIENDLY SERVICE YOU’RE-ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREEM'S DRUGSTORES 410 Main Street £Friday^ ^ 194^
Lii
roiessor F. Robbins ffrects^ Short Course ^eeClub OverWBAA . *; Prof. F. E. Robbin.s of the agron- ' oitij* department will direct the glee club and orchestra of the Agricultural Winter Couise Society when tliey appear on WBAA today. Glee . club and orchestra ^\lll each give 6ne numbei and James Parkei will 6ntcrtain on the Haiiaiian guitai. ‘ 'These groups may be hcai d at the '^Oon hoin, 12 to 12:30 p.m. In ad- ' Aition to musical numbers, V. C. Fl-ecman will addiess the radio au''4icnee. Gene Garrick, Gerald MoiI gan, Robeit Friedeisdoif and Allen Gibson, officers of the societj, will be intei viewed, probably by radio man Chailes Stall. Four men lep- ' resenting each of the four options ip the short course vill aFo be i^ucstioned. This special featuie progiam will be supplemented by the usual market report.
Uiiivursity Calendar
Friday, March
6
9:00 A.M.—Fii.vt Aid
...Room 305, Union
10:00 AM—Bettei Hoiiieh ('onfeienee
E. & W. Faculty Lge.s. Union
4:00 P M.—War Lecture
Eli'za Fowler Hall
4:30 P.M. Cosmopolitan-Club Meeting .
Room 304, Union
7:00 P.M.—Cliine.se Students
Room 2(51, Union
7:30 P.M.—Mixed Reeieation
Women’s Gymnasium
7:30 P.M.—Tnterfrateriiity Fellowship
Room 307, Union
7:30 PM—Playshop
Eliza Fowlei Hall
8 30 P.M.—Cary Club Dance
.. Both Ballrooms, Union
Petitions For Cabinet £)r. C. R. Donham
Jobs Due In YWCA Office By Wednesday
Hpusing '
(Continued from page 1) discussion of various phases of better homes and gardens. Special emphasis will be placed on futiiie plans and conseivation of marginal materials. All sessions of the conference aie open to townspeople and students. The progiam for today is as follows: 9:00—The Outdoor Living Room; Relation to the indooi living room; Design of outdoor room; How to plant outdoor loom— Professoi Waltei E. Lommcl, Piofessor of Hoi ticulture. 9:45—Turnips and Tulip.s—Piofessoi I^B. Hull. 10:30 — Conseivation of Maiginal Mateiials — Professoi Muiiel G. McFarland, Associate Piofessor of Home Economics Education 11:16—Specific Directions for Community Plans for the Futuie: a Bettei Homes Week; b. Better Gardens Week—Mrs. E. C. Cline. 12:16-1:15—Luncheon Peiiod 1:15—Live at Home and Enjoy it— Dean H. J. Reed 2:00—Termites in Your Yaid and Teimites m Youi House'—Piolessoi J. J. Davis, Hoad, Dc]iartment of Entomology. 2:45 — Prepaiedne.ss for Tomoilow’s Home—Di. J Rov Leevy, Assistant Piofessor of Sociology, Di. E. Lowell Kelly, Associate Piofessoi of P^.^chology; Diiector of Psychological Clinic 4‘00—Consultation Pei lod—^Piolessor G. E. Lommel, Chan man, Indiana State Planning Board; Mi. Lee J. Nmde, Piesident, Indiana Civic Association; Members of the Confei ence Staff.
Petitions for cabinet positions on the YW'CA boaid must be in the YWCA office by next Wednesday, Mar. 11. it was announced yestei-
day.
Omitted fiom the original ballot was the name of Lois Veit, wlio has been nominated for the position of tieasurei, i mining against Chan Ball. Music Convo (Continued from page 1) has been featured soloist with the Chicago Women’s Symphony, takes the pa 11 of second bass in the quai-
tet.
Among the selections to be given by the Livingston quaitet Sunday are “On Wings of Song,’’ by Mendelssohn, “Deal Land of Home,” by Sibelius, “Deep Rivei.” “Gieat Day,” “In a Peisian Market,” “Malic” and otheis The progiam is open to the student body and geiieial public without chaige. Science Juniors, Seniors Fili Out Personnel Cards Yesteiday and today, Science juiilois and seniois have been filling out peisonncl cauls in the conleience loom of the Peisonnel office of the Executive Building tiom 8 to 12 a.m,/and 1 to 5 p.m Mechanical Engineering juiiiois and seniors vill complete their work today in the ME Building under the supei vision of Pi Tau Siema, mechanical engineering honor ai y.
. . . head of the Veterinar'y Science Depai tment, will speak at a meeting of dairymen in Decatur Tuesday, Maich 17 and addiess the Ninth District Veterinary Medical Association in Biownstown on
March 19.
Roundtable Will Discuss 'Rumor Or Fact' Today “Problems of Rumoi or Fact” will be the topic of the Campu.s Roundtable discussion which will be bioadcast ovei WBAA at 5:45 this
afternoon.
George Zissis will seive as chairman of the discussion. Membeis of the gioup include Shickeiy Anton, Jane Ostiandei, Dick Sidwell, Lou Cohen, and Bill Peters.
Lambert men (Continued from page 3) shots through from all over the court. Blanken is one of the eight seniors who will make their final haidw'ood appearance for the Gold and Black. Hailing from West Dundee, Illinois Don has been a standput for thiee years. It was the combined efforts of foul of these seniors that gave the Boilermakers their last undisputed championship. Frosty Spiowl of Oblong, Illinois, Red Caress of Bedford, Indiana and Mickey Tiei ney of Chicago teamed ^ with Blanken duiing then sophomore yeai to come from behind against the mini in the season’s final game and clinch the title. All-Time Standing Nor are the other seniors who are iinging down the cuitain on their careeis to be forgotten. Theie is the diminutive but dangerous Cecil Polk who, in his final season has become the conference’s outstanding defensive player. Johnny Con1 ad from West Point, Indiana, Don Adams _of Carpefttersvllle, Illinois and Johnny Galvin of Chicago complete the list of three year men. Sdtui day’s contest will give the winnei an edge in the all-time Riv-eter-Illini standing which now rests at 31 victories for each team. Whether the Boilermakei veteians can hold the blazing Illinois youngsteis IS a question foiemost in the minds of all Big Ten basketball fans.
Notices
Air Ed Soelety! Mpetinn Tlwradny, March Radio Club! Meetine J’ucgddyj^Maichj 10, 5, at 7 :90 p.tn. in room 802 of Union. at 7 p.m. in room 6 of the EE —FEE Doors wiil be locked at 7 :16. —
Advanced Military AppUeaniai All those whose names appear on the list of main bulletin board in Armory must report to mum olTice of Aimory prior to noon Saturdnv. March 7. to complete medical history duestionnaires. —McMAKEN Chinese Students: The monthly ■mectlnit will be hold Friday. March 0, in room 261 of the Union at 7. C. A. CoolidBc, assistant Denn of Women will speak. —LING CHEU DistiiiBUishcd students: Refunds arc now available at the tnshicr’s olfice in the Executive Duildiniv. —HOLLENSBB Student Ushers: Student ushers and police at varsity basketball irames (jot their money at the ticket olTice in the Fieldhouse. —DOAN ME :10 Make-Up exams: Examinations to remove C and I Kiados in ME 30 will be Biven Saturday. Maich II at 1 p.m. irt room 101 of the ME buildiiiB. Please notify me if interested. —GEIGER ASME: Uendliiie for membership in ASME this vein will be Monday, March 9. Membership blanks arc available in M.E. ollicc —TOPINKA WAA Members: relilions for WAA Council positions must be turned in to the WAA oflice in the itjni by Tuesday, March 10. —PIDGEON. Woiiicn Students: Coeds interested in siiininer work slioiild tile applications with thi Women’s iilaeemont service in the Executive IBuildiHB bcfoie Saturday. March 17. —FENDT lExponcnt Freshmen: New schedules are posted on bulletin bo.ird in olTiee. All freshmen, except those who came out'the se( 011(1 semestei, are now assigned to two niitlils pel week Please cheek these assisnnients as soon as possible —RUFFNER WAA Pinff-Pons: Third loiind of tournament must be played oil by Tuesday. Mtirch 11. Hcck.iit \s. Mcinzer, Fiiustich \s Cooper, Miller vs. Raderstorf. . -SCHUBEU Sopliumurc Acre’s: All applications foi 1! S Aero EiiKr, degree must be on file 111 room 210, ME building, not later thnii Maich 16 in order to bi considqied. - WOOD
Phi Lomhda Upkiion: Biisiiicsa meeting. Election of pledges Tuesday, March 10, 6:00 ill room 129 of the Ohem Annex. All members are rciiuestcd to be present. —MONTGOMERY SCA: Board meeting Tuesday, March 10 at 7:80 p.m. Pertinent matter Will be discussed. Full attendance icquircd. -MOGAVEHO WAA Sliufflcboard: Third round of tournament must be played oR by Tuesday, Maich 11. Bower vs. Shell. Schuber vs. Johnson -SCHUBER YWCA: Petitions^or cabinet positions duo in olTice Wednesday, March 11. —SMITH Freshmen Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectin es on Saturday. March 7 at 8 a.m. bv schools. Students whoso names begin with A-E, room 201 in the C.B. Building ; F-Le. lecture loom in Michael Golden Shops; Li-R, room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building: S-Z, loom 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Late students will not be admitted. —KNAPP Activities Bureau: All sophomores and juniors come to important meeting which will explain petitions and elections today in Activities Bureau ofTice at 4:15. —OLSON WAA: Candidates for election please come to room bO. Union sub-baseme'nt Friday, March 6 at 4 p m. —WALKER Wesley Foundation: Party Friday, March 6 at 8 p.m. Everyone invited. Re'freshmonts. 10 cents. —AKER Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Tuesday, Maich 10, in room 236 of the Union al 7 p.m. Speaker will be Miss Bond, of the department of physical education for women. Eveiyone be there —MacDONALD Outing Club: Skating party Saturday, March 7, at 9 p.ni. Call Gail Hennis, 2907, oi Jim Covert. .8421, for reservations before Saturday night - HENNiS
Student War Council: Meeting Saturday, March 7, al 1 p.m. in the Student Senate office. —DIBOS
Classified Ads
Wanted: Full lime slcnoffrapher and irencrnl office oNsisiant* Purdue liaek* ground preferred. Apply by Ittter. Exponent Uox No. 1.
Typewriters—Atldinf? Mnchincs, all makes =iol(I, rented, repaired, and purebnsed. Mlfneoirraph work done. C. J EbershofT, 605 Mkin, Lafayette, rhone 2779. ^
Hays Jewelry Co.
131 NortK Fourth St. Jewelry at Moderate Price 1
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 ' 119 E. State St.
Dad’fi Flaiiu
Delicious POPCORN
so
For Your Social Activities
HANDY
Gallon
.. .f ISc
Bushel
.. .$1.20
Hold your Partner! Odorono Cream keeps Arthur Murray dancers ^^Sweet'^ in a close-up Whether the music's sweet or swing.you’ve got to be ‘ ‘sweet. ’ ’ Use Odorono Ci earn—choice of Arthui Murray dancers. Nongieasy, non-giitty—gentle Odoi ono Cream ends perspii ation annoyance for 1 to 3 days* Get a jar and hold tliat partner —spellbound! lOfi, 59)isizes (plus tax). The Odorono Co , Inc New York, N.Y,
There’s a Big Difference in Dry Cleaning, too! Til Lafayette only Crown Cleaning gives you tlie Protection of Monite. Mouite Moth-proof process insures your clothes against inotli damage for 6 months or until cleaned again Onouii Immm
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Bettor Prices to Suit
I PHONE 7828
LAFAYETTE
PRINTING CO.
perspiration P fOft fJOB QAYS
GIVES YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY I FULL OZ. JAR—ONLY 39^ (pIu, tax)
Top of the Hill
Planning for Lenten meals is made simple for you at Piggly Wiggly. Read this ad, check your items, and then shop with leisure through our continuous aisles of many suggestions.
To-Day Is the LAST DAY Before the Price Rise Save by Buying Your DEBRIS at the Booth in the Sweet Shop or at the DEBRIS Business Office 1942 DEBRIS SENIORS-You can buy your Debris pictures at the Debris Business Office for V* the price we paid for them.
Dear Students: Awake to the fact that the Purdue Exponent is your one source of what is going on about our campus. All one docs to find out about Activities meetings or call-outs, is to look in the NOTICES. If you have lost something valuable, the most logical thing to do is to announce it in the CLASSIFIED AD section. Read about the latest National Events in the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND. Why wait any longer? Subscribe to YOUR school paper NOW! Sincerely, The