Qo~suL £dijtiofL
Purdue
Volume 51, No. 29
Exponent
FridcQr, October 13,
Today's The Day When Co-eds Pay Team Optimistic As They
Entrain For Minneapolis
Jim Green To Furnish Music For Gold Diggers And now, at long last, the day of this year’s Gold Diggers has dawned bright and fair, and this is the morning of the night ahead. Just to let you realize what a really his-tory-making event this is going to be, it seemed a fine and lofty idea to dig out a bit of information from the library’s dark archives. Acknowledged In 1931 The ’31 Debris, which is the first one to acknowledge the existence of Gold Diggers, declares: “Gold Diggers’ Dance ... is one of the most popular social events of the season. The girls foot th6 bills for the evening and escort their young men to and from the dance.” So you see this philanthropic tradition has been handed down to the gals from a long line of illustrious predecessors, who set an example. Troubled Conscience But on Friday, February 23,1931, the date of Gold Diggers’ for that year, the Exponent said that the dance was “given presumably so the long-suffering males have respite from entertaining and the co-eds dig a little deeper in the future with untroubled conscience.” Do you realize the subtle inference and insult to the scheming wenches of that
yesterday ?
Gold And Black The customary gold and black color scheme will be followed once more, and your orbs may feast upon a huge black cat looking over a scorpion, silhouetted on the black drop in back of the orchestra. Can’t you just see that big Tommy sitting on a horn of plenty filled with gold coins ? Black cats will also be shown in front of the band’s music stands.
Long informal dresses will be sported by the poor paying females, who will let their partners wear what their hearts desire. Lochinvar Votes You have probably noticed a small, detachable stub on your ticket. Treasure it carefully for it is by the voting with it, that we will know those three dashing, sparkling, personality plussing (handsome too—^maybe) individuals who will receive the title of most eligible bachelors on the campus. The reputation of your Lochinvar is at stake! Take The Hint And also, you select males can be the perfect smoothie date. By that we mean: not make your girl wish she had brought a special little red
wagon along just for your “necessities,” not eat much, be a smooth dancer, not eat much, have a wonderful personality and line, not eat much, not have a “gossip fest” with every boy you see, not eat much, even be nice looking, thank your donor sweetly for the numerous courtesies that have been showered on you and for the lovely evening, and—ohhh, don’t eat quite all the time. The Chi Os, Phi Mus, and Pi Phis are using the same corsages for all the sisters with problems on their hands; however, each .house will have a different scheme. The Chi Os are giving corsages composed of red roses and yellow pompoms, the sorority colors; the Pi Phis are giving their corsages as favors to their guests during the dinner; and the
X|nas Comes Once Too But* This Is More Fun
/
Phi Mus will distribute nosegays of forget-me-nots and pink roses with very long streamers drifting down. Corsages, Too Some of the more clever corsages that have drifted our way will be worth going to the dance to see. One lucky Gimlet will be presented with an airy-fairy concoction of nuts and bolts; the others will be of colored^popcorn or popcorn balls, corks with cigarettes stuck on toothpicks, wired medicine bottles, cactus plants, suckers and candy fish, glamorized sponges, baby toys, and electrical apparatus. And a few will depend on a dominant motif for their appeal — the ball and chain idea, a surrealist picnic, a little snake with a great BIG bow, and a dining room tray with a complete dinner set. Rides? Transportation problems will be met by groups of the masses who have selected moving vans, a CCC ’truck, personal red wagons, street cleaner carts, an old-fashioned carriage hired from the riding s'table, and a house trailer to pick up their dates. The trailer will pick them up early enough to go to the woods before the dance, where a buffet supper will be served from it. Jim Green’s orchestra, which, as you know, is the one hand-picked for the occasion, is so good that we have a money-back guarantee on him, so listen well, me hearties. And for the last minute deciders, tickets will be sold at the door. Also the public auditory system will be installed in the cafeteria so dancing can also be enjoyed there.
With the enthusiastic cry, “Goodbye team,” ringing in their ears, thirty-six members of the Boilermaker squad left from the Big Four station for Minnesota at 5:45 last night. Marching mobs and a stream of gaily decorated cars packed with students followed the band across the levee to the station where they joined with town people to giye the team a sendoff.
Team Optimistic
Cheer Leader Bill Dunshee, from his lofty position atop a baggage truck, acted as master of ceremonies and directed both songs and yells. Lou Brock informed the students that the team was going to Minnesota in a ^more optimistic frame of mind than they did last year. Brock continued, “I haven’t heard Mai speak of having a peace plan from Bemie Bierman yet. Maybe nex.t Monday we’II receive a
neutrality plan.”
—Ted Hennis, the next letterman to be introduced, assured the crowd that the team was going up North to beat Minnesota. “We’re about due to win a game” was the comment of the last Boilermaker speaker, Dick Potter. The final talk of the session was an impromptu speech by Dr. Miller who is accompaning the team to Minnesota.
Plans Completed For Craig Funeral Tomorrow At 10 Funeral services for Dr. Robert A. Craig will be held at 10 o’clock Saturday morning at Trinity Methodist Church in Lafayette. Dr. Craig died Wednesday afternoon of injuries sustained when he was struck by a motorcyclajat the corner of State and Sheetz streets. West Lafayette. Burial will be in Grandview Cemetery. Many tributes to Dr. Craig and his work came yesterday from friends over the state as well as his associates here. Agriculture experiment station director, Harry J. Reed, said: “It is impossible to measme the good accomplished by men like Dr. Craig for he is an outstanding example of one who dedicates his life to public service.” Only a few days prior to the accident,^ he had completed plans for the annual veterinary short course which was announced for next week. Out of respect to his memory, Director Reed cancelled the course for
this year.
I Elections, Interviews, And Training School Will Mark WSGA Fall Program WSGA continued its fall activities today with announcements of petitions for freshman representatives, freshman interviewing, and sophomore training school. Freshman co-eds who wish to be candidates for the position of freshman representative on the executive board must turn in their petitions signed by 25 freshman co-eds to Ann Sickman in South WRH by Monday night, Oct. 23. Petitions
Former Co-ed Enjoys Swedish University life At Stockholm As Rest Of Europe Wages War
The petition should be in the following form: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA executive board for the first sem'ester of the year, ’39’40.” Two freshman co-eds will be elected Thursday, October 26, at a meeting in the women’s lounge in the Union. This meeting will be preceded by the first Charm School of the year. The program will begin at 4 o’clock. Freshman Interviews Freshmali interviews will begin Tuesday, October 18, in room A in the Union. About 60 freshman coeds will be interviewed each day. The purpose of these meetings is to place freshmen in activities and let the activities know which co-eds are interested. WSGA is also attempting to help those students who want to get into a minor activity but have a limited amount of time. Training Schools Sophomore training schools sponsored by WSGA will begin Novem-
Ceres To Sponsor Steak Fry This Afternoon At 4 All freshmen interested in agronomy are especially invited by Ceres, agriculture honorary, to the steak fry this afternoon at 4 o’clock for agronomy staff members and students. Tickets may be obtained from any Ceres member for 26 cents. Transportation to and from the pasture of the Soil and Crops farm, scene of the picnic, will be free to all who meet in front of Agriculture Hall at 4 p. m. today.
ber 1. Because of the large number of sophomores interested in this activity, there will be two meetings each week — a different group at each meeting. Committee heads will explain the duties in order that the sophomore workers may become acquainted with WSGA work. Debris Pictures The absolute deadline for the senior pictures either here or in Indianapolis, is October 26, according to J. C. Van Horn, Debris junior business manager. This is contrary to the first report, which stated that the Indianapolis sittings could be scheduled for a later date. Sittings are scheduled for every five minutes up to, and through October 25. This arrangements leaves only October 26 for make-up day. 'Give Us A Chance!" Say Desperate Eds “We’ll go with any girl who asks us,” gay John Smith, Lester Heath, and Huffein Zaki, who advertised in Wednesday’s Exponent for three bids to the Gold Diggers. Co-eds, here’s your chance, invite these boys and forget your transportation worries. They are even willing to lend their car to whomever asks them. Call 76183. Poor boys, this may be their last chance to go to Gold Diggers, for two are seniors and one is a graduate student. Though no offers have come yet, they haven’t given up hope—^there’s still a whole day left. Good luck, fellows!
By Georgia Carroll While co-eds in West Lafayette have thoughts of Gold Diggers foremost in their minds, Peggy TimberIciKC:!, OCieilce *38, wliO iS liOvv cIarolled as a graduate student at the University of Stockholm, is speculating about Sweden’s position in relation to the foreign situation. Peggy, who sailed from New York on August 29, was three days out on the high seas when war was declared in Europe. The Drottinngholm of the Swedish-American lines, on which she had passage, carefully identified itself by painting Swedish flags along the sides, and telegraphic facilities for passengers were cut off in order that the ship’s position might not be discovered. The liner’s course had to be changed and a northern route, which brought the ship within 76 miles of Iceland, was taken. The boat landed at Goteborg, Sweden, 11 days after leaving the United States. Confusing City According to Peggy the layout of Stockholm is very confusing. The streets are quite narrow, particularly in the older parts of the city, and they follow no definite pattern, having many circles and squares. Most of them are of cobblestone or asphalt; many are not paved. In commenting on the appearance of the people, Peggy says: “The
Charlie And The Girl Friends Will Sing At PIA Tea Dance Charlie and the Girl Friends are tentatively scheduled to provide entertainment at the second PIA tea dance which will be held tomorrow afternoon from three to 6:30 o’clock in the Union ballroom. This dance, one of a series of fifteen which will be held throughout the year, is a continuation of last year’s policy, and will feature swing recordings by various name bands. PIA membei’s and all co-eds will be admitted free while non-member eds will be charged ten cents.
Swedish boys frequently get permanent waves, which are quite miserable looking. They wear their hair in long pompadours. Neither are the women particularly chic.” American Clothes Clothes in Sweden are practically the same as those worn in this country and are sold at American prices. Meals at first appear to be very inexpensive, but bread, butter, coffee, and food accompaniments do not come with the main order and are charged extra. Peggy is living with 12 Swedish girls in an apartment located near the university. It is run similarly to a sorority house except that the girls cook their own breakfasts and have luncheon and dinner on the campus. Contrary to American customs, the house mother in charge is only 26 years old. Very Cautious “I can’t get over the Swedish war attitude,” writes Peggy. “They are so extremely cautious about everything. Of course there are many
Stratton, Gilbreth To Speak Before l^eans Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management, will speak at a meeting of the Kentucky Association of Deans of Women and Advisors of Girls today in Louisville, Ky. Dr. Gilbreth, who has served as a consulting engineer for a number of European governments dnd has inaugurated important studies in time and motion at the University, has also found time to rear her family of 11 children and be active in many national projects. Not long ago, she was mentioned as one of the 12 women in the United States capable of filling the office of president.
foreigners here, and we all have to register with the police.” ] Swedish students are intensely ixitexested in Aineiican politics. Peggy states: “They know every bill that was ever passed by Congress and all of the latest legislation of importance.” Partly responsible for Peggy’s year abroad is the fellowship which she was awarded hy Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. She is also an exchange student in cooperation with Brita Kraepelien of Stockholm. Brita, who is studying home economics here, is making her home with the Timberlakes in Lafayette and taking her meals at the Kappa house.
Well Known Sculptor To Decorate Interior Of New Music Hall Three heroic sized statues by Jon Mangus Jonson of Frankfort will decorate the interior of the new $900,000 Music Hall. These statues nf Bedford limestone will stfind at second story height, each in a separate niche. They are draped figures, one with a lyre, one with a scroll, and one with a masque. Mr. Jonson’s youth was spent in North’Dakota. But it was not until he served as a lieutenant during the World War that he was able to visit the art centers of Europe. He continued his art study after the war at the Taft studio and the Art Institute in Chicago, and at the Beaux Arts in New York. Among his notable works are the George Rogers Clark Memorial in Vincennes, the International House of the University of Chicago, the Mormon Battalion monument in Salt Lake City, Utah, and the Racine County Courthouse in Wiscon-
Passenger Entertains Band members proved their versatility by chiming in on all of the group singing including such songs as “Down by the Old Mill Stream” and “Over the Rainbow.” The activities of a sleeping train passenger, who refused to respond to the ovations of the crowd, proved to be the climax of the evening. When all other methods of arousing the sleeper failed, several students rushed onto the train and tickled his head until he woke i^p. Before the hilarious session came to an end. Cheerleader Dunshee voiced the request that the team be given a reception upon their return Sunday morning. Plans include having a “Welcome Home” for the returning Boilermakers at the Big Four station at 12:20 Sunday. Fans will meet at the station and accompany the team back across the levee. Freshman Honorary To Pledge Nine Co-eds Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshman women, will hold its fall pledging on Tuesday, October 17, at 7:30 in room C of the Memorial Union building. Any freshman woman who is a distinguished student either semester of her freshman year, is eligible for membership in the organization. Those who met this requirement in the second semester last year, and who are eligible for pledging this fall are: Mary Barnard, Mary Jane Bird, Charlotte Braude, Margaret Carson, Helen Conder, Mary Ann Congleton, Margaret Magley, Mildred Owens, and Cecelia Witty. All members, whether active or inactive, are urged to attend the pledging ceremony, according to Mary Ann Carpenter, president of the present active group. Recently admitted into the American Association of College Honor Societies, Alpha Lambda Delta is the only other women’s organization besides Mortar Board to achieve membership in the organization to date. Dodor Shuck To Address N'School Study Group Dr. Cecilia Shuck of the University foods and nutrition department is attending a meeting of the preschool study group of the American Association of University Women at Anderson today. She will speak on the subject of the food needs of the pre-school child. From Andei> son she will go to Indianapolis to meet with the State Nutrition Advisory Council to the State Board of Health.msm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday* October 13* 1939
But Incidentally— By RomanoflP Suggestion for the Military Ball Committee . . . why not try to convert the ballroom into a typical Polish street in down town Warsaw. Let the Zouaves shuffle up and down the floor every ^hree minutes calling signals. ^ Suspend Hank Miller from the ceiling to give the “outside world” a verbal picture of the hand-to-hand “fighting.” 4! i|< * About 11 p. m. we suggest an air raid ... of course the necessary air raid precautions should be observed. 4c 4> * One sour note has been sounded in the Exponent Peace Poll ... it signed itself bravely and plagaristically . . . “The Shadow.” “Objection to your poll . . . it’s worded like a Hitler plebiscite . . . answer the way the author intends or you are a hypocrite . . . there is no opportunity to answer the real issue at present. “It won’t solve anything . . .* the arms embargo is going to be repealed. “As for the Shadow, it’s neutral ... it doesn’t care who kills Hitler.” 4t 4c 4< Them’s our sentiments toward the “Shadow.” 4c 4c 4c This has got to stop: Looking back through our Shakespeare lecture notes we found under the heading “Friday, Oct. 6, 1937,” a cozy pair of swinging doors all done up in red and blue pencil. 4c 4c 4c The caption read .. . “Thank God It’s Friday.”
Purdue Exponent
Entered as secx>nd class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager
Co-ed Staff
Co^ed Editor Issue Editor Sports Editor Proof
Georgann Schilling Beth Simpson . Mary Burtsileld Georgia Carroll Sophomore Workers: Donna Siess, Tad Stiers, Mary Kay Miller, Maeta Kaplan, Pat Flint, Florence Justin, Jane Julin, Tsther Kirkhoff, Mary Bailey, Ruth Rose, Helen Stallings, Marjorie Couter, Erma Irwin, Regina Baker, Marguerite Funkhouaer, Laura Betty Gregory, Jean Ann McClintock, Mary Pidgeon.
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RBPRKSSNTBD BOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINa BY National Advising Smic^ Inc. Cottegfi Pttblisben Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAoo ’ Boston • Los anobles • San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor... ..
. R. W. Donahue
Friday, October 13, 1939
dUm, and. ^(sA, By Florence Justin
Saturday’s aftermath to tonight’s “it’s - the -woman -who - pays” affair will be a series of pledge dances around the campus: ATO, Theta Chi, SPE, Theta Xi, Acacia, and Alpha Chi Rho. With all these— and the mixer—^we should be seeing you around. The Acacias will have a backdrop typical of the universal idea—a pledge dancing with a girl, silhouetted against a silver background, and with the place where the pledge is sensitive indicated. Can you guess ? H & H This comes tagging along in connection with the John Carter convo. Just mention the songs, “Stardust” or “I Love You Truly” for instance, to any WRH girl who heard the serenade he gave with the Phi Psis, and you’ll hear all over about how wonderfully super it was. And just offhand, the choral accompaniment there seemed more appropriate than the one at convo did. At least the Phi Psis didn’t drown out “We Want To Marry Him” Carter. H & H While we’re talking about convo and stuff, this is our nomination for something choice: One little nosegay (sweet young thing to you) who graces our campus was overheard Tuesday night saying, “I must be awfully common!” (Slight pause.) “I mean, I remind more people of people.” H & H At Brookhaven, Miss., there is a school with these rules for its girls. And if you eds don’t feel fortunate
today even when your expenses for tonight are nil, you should give thanks when you read ’em: 1. Girls may have dates on Saturday evening from 8:59 to 10:30. 2. Girls may walk with dates on the quadrangle Sunday afternoons if the weather permits. 3. Riding in cars is permitted only when a chaperon is along. 4. Groups of four may go to town Saturday evening if they walk on a set route and are back in 36 minutes. 6. Tuesday evening movie dates are permitted if a chaperon goes too. 6. Girls may lunch in town once a month if they stay no longer than from two to four. 7. No slacks are to be worn. 8. Finally, girls can go to the beauty parlor for an indefinite time during the day, with no chaperon. H & H It’s sporting of them to allow the girls that last privilege. They probably figure that the vanity of the girls would preclude the possibility of having a man along for a jaunt to a beauty parlor anjrway. So they get the best of it all around, including free movies. H & H We can’t call it a famous last line, because that is Bold and Black’s pet tag line, so we’ll call it our Parting Shot: You know tonight’s the night! Or parting Dull Thud: G’bye now.
lOlOTMl SliOlS B & W SHOE CO. 121 North Fourth St.
umnism TODAY - SATURDAY
{ T— grottriesl comBriy r<Mi»afic9 oE school - over Jo roach fho
Paramount Presents Jackie Cooper and BettY Field WHAt A LIFE with JOHN HOWARD JANICE LOGAN
EXTRA
3 STOOGES COMEDY
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Studying Under a Nationally Known Teacher CLASS OR PRIVATE ALL TYPES OF DANCING NOTICE—CHILDREN ENROLL SAT., OCT. 14 Classes Divided According to Age Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
MOST STYLES
LUMA TODAY-FRIDAY
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
PLUS 2ND FEATURE
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
AND-
jGEMEZ
UTRv
-ALSO-
,_.JEIIAH6® Igipgs^eaiw
It’s getting tough writing this column these days. They’re excavating so much dirt from the campus. You have to admit that things are pretty bad when all the best dirt we know is on ourselves ... and not such good dirt at that, B & B There’s a new secret honorary on the campus . . . the TRI RATA DATA. It is said to be inspired by the new crop of co-eds. We'd like to join, that is ... if they go national and have Hedy Lamarr as an honorary member. B & B Speaking of freshman co-eds, JERRY HINSHAW, PIA big shot, picked out a good dark horse (blind date, to you) who turned out to be a blonde. Who’s leading who astray ? We hear Jerry isn’t quite sure. B & B When certain playful young ladies living in the halls signed out the other night, giving as their desti-
Hall To Play For Mixer Tomorrow Noel Hall and his orchestra will play for the mixer tomorrow night in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12. Featured with the orchestra will be Elaine Ramage, vocalist. The orchestra plays throughout Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin and for the past five weeks has played at the Oasis in Michigan City. Before their engagement at the Oasis, they played for 13 weeks at Read’s Casino in Niles, Mich. Decorations used for the mixer will be the same as those used for Gold Diggers.
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE A Scorching Story of Gangland's Last Stand! KING OF THE UNDERWORLD Crimeland's Most Desperate War Against Law! — with — HUMPHREY BOGART KAY FRANCIS — PLUS — Trapped By Her Own Daring! THE GIRL FROM RIO — with — MOVITA WARREN HALL
COMING SOON You'll Howl When Ginger Rogers Crashes the Uppercrust With a Carving Knife in 'FIFTH AVENUE GIRL'
MA^ Starts TOMORROW
WHEN U-BOATS STRUCK!
Here comes the greatest sea thriller of them all! Startling, incredible ... but true I Told now for the first time! TimilDER ARKIAT VIRGINIA MORRIS. GREY —LAST TIMES TODAY— aURUECHAN 1REASUREISUND .a-SIDNEY TOLER
I nation “Airport” the GUARDIAN OF THE GATES called them in and said, “Young ladies, there is such a thing as being TOO frank,” .and crossing out “Airport,” wrote “town.”/ We can’t prove this ... it wouldn’t be safe. B & B Do you know HANK MILLER? We do. We imn across him preparing radio programs in the strangest places. Thirsty, Hank? It seems that MARGE BALDWIN is trying to turn over an old leaf. Ex pin-man HULSE might like to know. B & B “NARCISSUS” McNEIL, Debris big shot, has a new invention (all
Gimlets please take notice). In his small Gimlet hat is a comb that keeps Dick’s shiny locks in perfect order for feminine inspection. , B.& B Contrib of the day: What three inebriated ... by disposition . . . BETA’S have lowered themselves to stealing firewood from little sophomore co - eds ? Naughty, naughty, the coach wouldn’t like it! Have you sobered up yet, FRANK? B&B FAMOUS LAST WORDS: Go on, tell me what he said. 1 want a GOOD reason for not speaking to him.
Fashion begins at the neckline when you wear "Fashion's Favorite", a smart 4FOLD SPORTOWN WOOL TIE. You'll like the color blends — rich with the touch of autumn ... the original patterns as only Beau Brummell can style them. They’re exceptional ties for wear... sturdy fine worsted fabrics ... exclusive, patented world-famous 4FOLD CONSTRUCTION. There’s a wide selection for you to choose from. Made by hand in U, S. A.
500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC.]^iiday< October 40. 193d
£xftofuinL Spo^iL fiaqsL
Riveters To Begin Track Meets With Clash Against Pitt Opening the initial season of cross country track, a select squad of Riveters will travel today to Pittsburgh for an encounter Saturday morning. Members of the squad will meet at 11 o’clock today at the Fieldhouse, from which they will travel to Pittsburgh by automobile. The squad taking this trip includes E3d Holderman, who ran four miles in 20:8.2 in a tryout session Wednesday; Chuck Reeves, Garson Schulman, Bob Jarvis, and Mac White. In last year’s meet, Pitt had five men in the first six to finish; however, nothing definite is known about the strength of Pitt this year. Kappa . . . Kappa Gamma sorority will celebrate its Pounder’s Day this evening with a banquet to which the local alumnae have been invited. The sorority was founded in 1870 at Monmouth College, Monmouth, 111., and the Gamma Delta chapter was established on this campus in January, 1919.
^iot^oh'A QhoitiL By Esther Kirkoff
An intramural rifiery tournament will get under way this week over in Memorial Gym with wards and sororities competing for a cup to be presented at its conclusion. Sergeants Riley and Purchla will instruct members free of charge. The tournament starts Monday, October 16, at 6:30 and will continue through Thursday. The schedule of shootings will be announced in the Exponent. —^fc— , Bowling is one of the most popular sports offered in the PEW department as proved by the ISO coeds who registered in one of the six classes scheduled on the University roster this fall. Towards the end of the semester the five best members from each class will be chosen to compete in a tournament. —fc— The WAA mixed tennis doubles have progressed to quarter finals and the singles tournament for coeds to the second round. Winners of both tournaments will be announced next Saturday.
Aggie Team Annexes ^ Inter-School Cross Country Track Meet Members of the Ag school proved themselves the best track men yesterday at the Inter-school cross country Jrack meet. The Ags amassed a total of 13 points when White placed second. Kinder third, and McLaughlin eighth. Second place with a total of 15 points was taken by the freshman engineers as Lambert placed fourth, Marozick fifth, and Winner sixth. Kemp of the PE school was first place man with a time of 13:59.5. The distance for all events was 2^4 miles or three times around the Intramural field. Last year’s winner was Holderman of the ME school with a time of 13:2.2. Dr. H. H. Remmers ... of the division of educational leference and the division of education and applied psychology, has recently accepted an editorship with Harper Brothers. Under this appointment he will edit a series of books which will be oriented toward vocational education.
V Team To Play Home Game Tonight
Practice Sessions For Ward Touchball To Begin October 18 Practice sessions for ward touchball are scheduled to begin on Wednesday, October 18. Each ward is entitled to enter a team in this meet. All games will be officiated by paid referees and will be played under the official touchball rules. All entries must be returned to the Intramural office by October 17. Individual medals will be awarded the members of the winning squad and to those boys finishing first, second, and third in the race, if they are not members of the winning team. Eight regulation fields are laid out on Intramural field. Touchballs may be checked out for practice, but must be returned the same day. Official rules may be obtained at the Intramural office. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
St. Joseph Game On West Side fieid Will Inaugurate Boilermaker Night Football While the Boilermaker varsity gridders are joumeymg to Minneapolis to meet the Golden Gophers, the Riveter reserve squad will meet St. Joseph College tonight in their first home game of the season. Inaugurating Friday night games for Boilermaker “B” teams, the reserves will play the St. Joe team under the floodlights at West Side high school stadium at 7:30. Krause To Coach
IM Track Entries Due By October 25 Entries for the annual ward cross country race must be returned to the Intramural office before Wednesday, October 25. All University men are eligible for the meet except the members of the cross country team, who are making the trip to
Pittsburgh.
The race will be run over the 2j4mile course around the Intramural field. Gold medals will be awarded to the members comprising the winning team and also to those men finishing first, second, and third, if they are not members of the win-
ning team.
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., each imoming. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appointment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is poyoble at the time the picture is token.
FRIDAY, OCT. 13 10:00 Adams, F. 4:05 Adams, G. M. 10:05 Agnew, J. T. 10:10 Agonis, H. A. 8:00 Ahrens, J. E. 1:00 Ainsworth, Elizabeth 10:15 Albertson, Lucille 9:00 Allen, R.B. 10:20 Allison, C.C. 10:25 Alter, H. A. 1:05 Ancker, C. J. 8:05 Andersen,). 4:10 Anderson, J. E. 8:10 Anderson, L. H. 8:15 Anderson, O. K. 4:15 Antonini, E. M. 2:05 Applebaum, Beatrice 11:00 Applegate, E. H. 4:20 Appleyard, R. E. 1:15 Arbuckle, Ruth 9:05 Archibald, L. W. 11 :05 Armstrong, E. L. 8:25 Aronsen, Morns 8:30 Ashbaugh, Carolyn 4:25 Ashton, J. W. 10:30 Atherton, A. C. 2:00 Anning, C. S. 8:35 Axelrod, N. R. 1:30 Dagan, Irvin 2:15 Erickson, M. H. 4:40 Essenberg, A. R. 3:40 Fahrner, C. J. 4:45 Farguhar, L. C. 8:55 Finley, R. 2:10 Fisher, J.H. 11:15 Fisher, R. A. 1:25 Fitting, D. L. 11:20 Fonner, D. E. 2:30 Formanek, E. 4:55 Hendy, F. C. 3:05 Hershey, F. 9:15 Hertenstein, E. C. 9:45 Hess, L. D. 3:35 Hickman, F. J. 9:40 Hickman, Mary Lee 3:30 Hiddle, L. L. 11 -30 Hilt, W. M.
mo
1:10 Marek, C. T. 8:20 Margolis, J. 4:00 Royce, Virginia 9:55 Sebast, Cha riotte 2:55 Sexton, Rufina D. 3:00 Shackley, G. G. 10:55 Shepherd, J. E. 3:55 Sherman, &o. W. 4:30 Sherwood, W. D. 11:10 Shickler, Louise 1:55 Schilling, Georgana 3:50 Short, R.G. 2:50 Shroder, Martha Amanda 3:45 Sickman, Ann Louise 4:35 Slinkard, Edith 2:45 Small, J. H. 2:40 Smith, Andrew E. 1:50 Smith, C. J. 4:50 Smith, D. H. 9:50 Smith, D. P. 9:10 Smith, L. W. 1:20 Smith, L. W. 2:35 Smith, O.F. 9:35 Smith, R.L. 10:45 Smith, W.E. 1 :45 Smith, W. H. 11':25 Smithson, F. 9:20 Snider, H. M. 8:50 Spears, Mary 1 :40 Specker R. A. I 1:35 Spreuer, W. E. II :40 Stagg, R E. 8:45 Stamm, T. K. 11 :45 Stamm, M. L. 1 :35 Stearns, C. F. 11:50 Steffee, Helen 3:25 Stein, J.B. 9:30 Steinbach, S. P. 3:20 Stephenson, R.' L. 2:25 Stewart, C. 8:40 Stipp, J.W. 3 :15 Stiver, E.N. 9:25 Stivers, F.O. 3:10 Stocker, Margaret 11:55 Stone, Pauline 2:20 Studebaker, A. j. 10:35 Szabo, W. B.
SATURDAY, OCT. 14 8:25 Andrew, Dorothy M. 9.00 Knight, E.C. 8:00 MacDeriend, Julia 8:05 Mackiewicz, F. T. 9:05 Mackman, Dons 8:10 Madden, W. E. 9:10 Maddock, Ruth 10:00 Maier, N. A. 8:15 Major, Janet 9:15 Malcolm, D. G. 1.1:00 Malinoff, G. 10:05 Mankey, N. R. 11:05 Mann, J. R. 8:20 Marcus, L. 8:30 Marner, J. P 9:20 Marquis, S D. 8:35 Marsh, C. G. 8:55 Marsh, G. H. 8:50 Marshall, C. 8:40 Marshall, J. 11:10 Martens, Alice 8:45 Martin, C. E. 9:25 Martin, Doris 9:45 Martin, Elizabeth 9:50 Martin, J. M. 10:45 Marxson, T. B. 9:55 Mast,W. C. 10:50 Mather, Mary 10:55 Mathis, J.B. 10:40 Mathes, Margaret 11 :25 Matthews, Ruth 10:35 Maurey, E. 11 :30 May, J. R. 9:40 Mayfield, F. A. 10:30 Maynard, W. E. 10:25 McAfee, Edith 10:10 McCaffrey, J. R. 10:15 McCarthy, R. D. 10:20 McClain, J.W. 11:45 McClelland, Mary 11:50 McClure, Mary 11:15 Waller, J. A. 9:30 Waneenberg, F. 11:20 Ward, Elinor 11 :35 Wehrenberg, P. H. 9j^35 Weihofer, G. J. 1 1T40 Weisman, P. 11:55 Whitson, J. W.
(DdfJuA,
“^mplsJjL (^ampuA. QooaJuufSL
A Pipe for Every Personality SOUTHWORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
A THRILL TO SMOKETHE
For all star performance choose Dr. Grabow— the pipe of champions. —ONLY ___ R. GRABOW Pipes ore preMnoked with fine tobacco (EDGEWORTH) to break them in by Linkman's Exclusive Pipe Smoking Machine. MADE BY M. LINKMAN & CO., CHICAGO m
Deac's Has
1,000 of These Pipes for Your Seledion
Under the able tutelage of Harry Krause, former Riveter football and baseball star, the “B” team will be seeking to make up for the 13-0 defeat which the Illinois reserves handed them at Champaign. Harry has been assisting Elmer Burnham, head frosh coach, but was chosen by Mai Elward to lead the Riveter reserves against the St. Joseph
gridders.
Starting Lineup According to Krause the bulk of the varsity squad that didn’t leave for Minneapolis yesterday will be available for action tonight. Harry plans to start Eli Yeager and Stevenson at end, Kjelberg and Harmesen at tackle, Aronson and Brown at guard, Hobbs at center, Lindsay at quarterback, Tyckocki at left half, Mcllwain at right half, and Don Yeager at fulback. WAA To Sponsor Hockey Play Day Here Tomorrow Representatives of Ball State Teacher’s College, Indiana State Teacher’s College, and the Universities of Illinois and Chicago will be guests of the WAA at a hockey play day here tomorrow. The activities will begin at 10 a. m. on the Women’s Athletic Field, with games between the five schools. A buffet luncheon will be served in the Union building at 12 o’clock for the hockey players. In the afternoon there will be an exhibition match played between Earlham College and the Chicago Field Hockey Association. I-M Schedules PRACTICE TOUCHBALL
Today
Field Official 1— ^Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Brinduse 2— ^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Delta Chi. Smithson 3— ^Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. Papurca 4— Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Chaffee
6—Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Witsman 6— Sigma Chi vs. Triangle. Mann 7— Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Xi. McGrath 8— Acacia vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Lnce
Fine Shirts for Campus Arrow Shirts arts smartly patterned and solid color shirts in as fine a grade of fabric as it has been our pleasure to see in years. Every detail of this shirt carves out the snofartness of the most expensive made to order< garments.
Phone 2237
316 State
SOFTBALL Today Diamond 10—Ward 16 vs. Ward 6 or Wird 27. 12—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 4. 14—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 9. 16—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 11. 18— Winner (Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa) vs. Winner (Acacia vs. Sigma Nu). 19— ^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Winner (Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi).11:00-
WBAA
Today
-American Institution, Prof. Robert Phillips 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review, Mai Ross 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Songs and Melodies 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Darlene Mahns 1:30—Special Event for Schools 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Scientific News Review 2:15—The Pagans 2:30—Parade of Business 2:45—Business and Professional Women’s Club Program 3:00—Special Music, Purdue Women’s Club 3:30—Glenn Paxton, organist 3:45—Afternoon Music 4:00—Amei’ican Family Robinson 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4:30—Bette McClean, soprano 4:46—Story Book Hour
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Reamer Clubi Regular meeting Monday, October 16, at 8 o’clock in room F of the Union. Pledges report at 8:80. All members and pledges bring passports with all football and basketball coupons signed. —REILEY.
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting for actives and pledges Saturday, October 14, at 1 p. m. in Union. Inquire for room number at desk. —^ESTEY.
Archers: Sign for the archery tournament at the check-out window in the Fieldhouse or at the archery range between 4 and 6 p. m. (10-14) —GRAY.
Delta Rbo Kappa: Fledging Saturday, October 14, at 1 p. m. in the Agriculture’s office. Actives please attend —ESTEY.
WAA Tennis: These matches must be played immediately. Mixed doubles: Fishleigh and Gabeille vs Mather and Richards, singles: Shirley Emhoff vs. Esther Kirkhoff, and Ruth Walker vs Janette Morris. (10-14) —MATHER.
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to Februaiy,_1941 are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall Any student who has not done so contact Prof. Canfield immediately. —HARDING.
Union Sophomores: The Browsing Room staff will please meet in room F of the Union at 4 p. m today, October 13. Bring as many recommendations as possible for books for the Traveling Library. Meeting is important ■—HAMMAN.
Alpha Lambda Delta Actives: Pledging Tuesday, October 17, at 7:16 in room C of tbe Union. Full attendance expected. —CARPENTER.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT
Catalyst Pledges: Compulsory meeting of all pledges, Saturday, October 14, at 1 '.30 p m at Chemical and Metallurgical building in loom 110 —OMOHUNDRO.
FOR RENT—Private, comfortable, con- \ enient room. Single or double 419 Harrison St. Reasonable rent BOARD AND ROOMS—^Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416.
FOR RENT—Double room, single beds. 122 Pierce Street Phone 7764.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Cocker Spaniel puppies. Registered A K C. Mrs Coffroth 710 Hitt street.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $26.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60S Main Street.
MISCELLANEOUS
LOST—Blue glass case with gold rimmed glasses. Call 7S831. Reward.
SPANISH STUDENTS—Tutoring by person with good references. Call 41343.
LEARN TO TYPE—New class to start in ten days Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days New method. Indorsed by leading universities. Results guaranteed. Streamlined Typing, Box A.
WAA Rlflery: Six practices must be turned in before December 9. The following practice schedule will be in effect: Monday: 6:30—Ward 1 and Twin Pines. 7 :00—Co-edda and Glenwood House. 7 :30—’The Gables and Otter-Be-Inn. 8:00—Make-up. 8:30—Kappa Kappa Gamma. Tuesday: 6 :30—^Ward 2 and Theophilus 13. 7 :00—Collegianna and Kappa Alpha Theta 7:30—WRH North. 8 :00—Pedalion and Chi Omega. 8 :30—Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday: 6 :30—Riley House, SHE House, Ward 3 7 :00—Ann Teedale House and Brockway Co op House. 7 :30—WRH South. 8 :00—Thaeles. 8:30—Phi Mu. Thursday: 6:30—Ward 4. 7:00—^Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Della 7 :30—WRH West. 8:00—Make up. (10-15) —HARRISON Basic Military; All basic military students whose uniforms do not fit correctly will please report to Supply Room at once for exchange. (10-16) —HOLMES.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR’ WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Purdue Engineer: All salesmen should ^port to the office by Friday afternoon, October 13, to turn in subscription cards, receipts, and cash not previously reported. Work assignments will be announced to all business staff workers at this time. —OTT. American Students, Faculty: Men and women students and faculty interested in other races and countries meet with foreign students at Fowler Hall at 2 p. m., Saturday, October 14, to be in group photograph “Purdue Students from Abroad and Their Friends.’’ —BALDWIN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Open meeting for all students interested in Cosmopolitan Club to be held in room C of the Union at 4:30 p. m. on Friday, October 13. A special event will be announced at that time. -SCHICKEL. CE 41: An examination for the removal
Indiana State Teachers’ Association: Memberships in the Indiana State Teachers’ Association are available in the general office of the Education and Appli^ Psychology Office. See Mrs. Wickersham. The cost of tickets is $2.00 which includes the price of Indiana Teacher. —McCOMB.
Subscribe To The E)xponent
A Wholesome Story There just can't be coffee without a.sample of of Graves' quality baked goods. Step into your grocery and pick up some for
tomorrow morning.
:^v
You can satisfy that need for economy and still be smartly dressed in "Sincere” shirts. New Fall styles are here. Sizes l4 to 17. Trubenized collar.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
.VES QUALITY BAKERY
Phone 3852 124 State, W. L.
‘Catering to Fraternities and Sororities’*
POPCORN A Great Health 'Food 5c - 10c - 15c - 25c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
When Winter Comes YOU'LL LOVE YOUR
GOWNS PAJAMAS Made of BEMBER RAYON man-made yarns
Gown pictured above at left cornea in Aqua, Tea Rose and Blue. You’ll love the soft brushed aurface. . . . $1.98
Pajama pictured above at right comes in Aqua 2-Piece style. The soft rayon yarn gives it a cozy, snugly feeling.. $2.98
Style Center of Lafayette
113 N. 4th St.
NEW FALL STYLES IN I SUITS and TOPCOATS If you haven’t seen King’s new fall styles — then the season’s biggest thrill awaits yon thrift-minded, style-conscious students. The extra-values, the most amazing we have ever shown. TO ®29*^^ 1 Come In—Be Prepared for a Real Surprise / KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
A^Sweet Melody The money you save in keeping your clothes new and bright will sound like "music in your ears." Let us keep your clothes looking new and well-kept. Always feel well dressed by keeping your clothes pressed and distinctive looking.
West Side CLEANERS Northwestern Avenue at Vine
224 Main Street
The Pride of the Campus During Cold Weather When cold weather sets in on the campus, you will need warm clothes. Nothing is nicer to wear ^t this time than a comfortable jacket. All styles, weights and colors are available. / Corduroy Coats $5.98 Sweaters $2.98 Suede Jackets $2.98 Suede Jacket $4.98 Moleskin Trousers....$3.98 Cape Leather Jacket..$5.98 Senior Cords, Slide Rule Pocket $2.98
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO. “