Defense Minded,
Rally To Service Before
Eds, Says Student Survey
r
Established 1889
WtmneMt ■ 9 Daily Since 1906
S^rfii Wrestlers Meet. fU Tonight; Swimmers' Face Champs Tohior»Ow‘
yelume sB, Nd. 117
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday/February 13/1942
ipnr-M
HomeEcSchool Adds Four New War Courses
With $1,440 Contributed
By Drew Pearson bnd Rdhert S. Alien Wfeiftei Remands Vichy Supply Shipment Td Aill African Forces W'Afeni^^iTON, Feb. 12.—Here is.t’he iil&JSfe inTormation regarding eyeh'tfi. wKich led to the present show<lp%^ With Vichy. . P.Oh some ^yveeks British Military Ip'^li^ehcfe ii'ap heen warning the United States that Admiral Darlan ^iis tjp'^mitting military supplies to cross ^Brorn ’French ports to French North Africa and Tripoli. This, the British said, was the reason for Gen. Roirtme'l’s successful counter-attack ih ijibya. itoWever, Secretary Hull, who been the staunchest champion of the appeasement policy with Vichy, apparently remained unconvinced, for simultaneously with these British representations iVfr. Hull permitted another ship,toad of supplies to leave the United States for *North Africa and the Vichy Government. The GerhnanGovernment even guaranteed Safe passage for this vessel, and the Nazis knew all about it even bdl'dre the American public, frbiii ^yhom the news was kept 8«;ret for three days. bn the return of Undersecretary of State Welles from Brazil, however, there was,a definite tightening of policy against Vichy. (It may or may, .npt.„be significant, but Secretafy^Kfill has been confined to his apaHment vvith a cold since Welles’ return). • yiehy Shipments This week. Admiral Leahy, acting on instruction from Welles, delivered a.blunt demand that Marshal Petam explain the following: ' \1.. The departure of an Italian vo.ssel carrying French grain ffoni the French Naval Port of 'rdulon. to 'Tripoli. 2. Another Italian ve.sscl carrying French oil which left Toulon for Tripoli. , J3. A French ve.ssel, the Saint ’Etienne, carrying German lorries especially equipped for desert warfare, which departed from a French port to the French African l>f*>'t of Tunis. ■ 'This note carried the sul>stance of what British Military Intelligence had been informing this government. The British have also told us that Admiral Darlan, great proponent of German collaboration, had agreed to send two shiploads of supplies weekly to the Germans in LibIt ifi especially significant that n’e'vvs of the departure of the Saint tel'ienne, carrying German motor trucks, was broadcast from the United States February 4 by United States short wave government bj’badeasts warning the French people 'noft to cooperate in. North Africa.'Meanwhile, the Slate Departnient, even up until the time Of this writing, maintained the strictest secrecy regarding its policy with Vichy. ,. Thus the American public has had to ,1’eceivo yital news regarding relation^ With Vichy via the 'short wave radio relayed hack-from Europc. •: Lewis Told Off One of the most significant things occuVring at the first meeting of the joint A’FL-CIO committee with tho President was the strong undercurrent of hostility evinced by CIO leaders toward John L. Lewis. They left no doubt of their rcsentnient anc) distrust 'of the ironhanded miner czar. That CIO chiefs privately were antirLo’wis long has been no secret in laboi’ circles, But only recently haye th|ey been so outspoken. Inside reason for this is that the big Cl,Q unidhs, once heavily in debt to Lewis, are, now out of hock. For example: When K. J. Thomas became president of the United Auto Workers several years ago, the union owed Lewi.s’ Unitetl Mine Worker.s .$11)5,000. To(Continued on page 2)
Fonowing’ a discouraging start, the University Relief Fund
P kl* II AA A closed at noon yesterday with a higher-than-expected
total of $1,440.84 in contributions on hand, and expectations
For Non-Credit Subjects result ■will be several hundred dollars over the Four new home ccon'omic.s cours- present figure, according to Damon Elder, drive committee
es designed to aid the nation’s war chairman. '
time program will be offered to the In addition to $221 that has been pledged to be contributed, ™n»cd fortw °.y Relief Funds Coortinatlng Committee, sponsors of the
„thcws, dean of the School of Home drive, CXpects some additional . Economics. Subjects will be can- mohcy from residence halls
and student organizations that will be unable to contribute until regular meetings are held, according to Damon Elder, committee
chairman.
Deadline 2 p.m. Today '1
All organizations that still plan
to contribute should leave their ^ ' •
p ^ Competition for campus journal-
Davis W/// P/ay Dismiss Classes At 11 For Students For Fraternity To Attend Second Speciai Assembly
Dance Tonight
teen management and organization, nutrition, home nursing, and child
care and training.
Registration will bo held Mopday in the home economics building; at that time exact hours for the classes will be determined. The courses will be offered as afternoon or eve-
Contest To Amateur Campus Journalists
Shortened Coed Hours AlterTime: 8:30-11:30 Main Ballroom of the Union tonight will be the scene of swing festivities as Johnny (Scat) Davis and his band provide music for. the annual Interfraternity Ball. Due to the innovation of .12 o’clock, hours which will go |into effect for the first time tonight, the dance will begin at 8:30 and come to a close at
11:30.
In cooperation with the Student Senate’s recommendation, the ball committee has voted for no corsages
Second special convocation emphasizing the role of the stiident body in the war effort of the University will be held at 11 this morning in the Music Hall. All classes will be dii^ missed in order that students and faculty members may attend the meeting, which will not be broadcast. President E. C. Elliott, Prof. Frank G. Hockema, assistant to the president, and Dick Dibos, president of the Student Sen-
ate and chairman of the Stirdent War Council, which is sponsoring the convocation, will be the principal speakers. Dibos will preside over the meeting, which will be opened with selections by the
Night In Music Mali Registration Outline
Paul Robeson To Sing At Convo Tomorrow
In Music Mali
ning cla.sRe.s and will be from 20 to . , _ „ „ „
30 hours in length each without t le office of Prof nowonnnov oTtri ynoo.o.,’vi University credit Hockema, as.sistant to the presi- newspaper and magazine , . . dent, before 2 p.m. today. Those news and feature writing will be oiirse rercquisi e who make contributions may speci- sponsored by the campus chapter of The course covering canteen work fy organizations they wish to Sigma Delta Chi, national profesmust be preceded by the nutrition benefit. sional journalistic fraternity, it was courses approved by the 4^Tart- Although the majority of contri- announced yesterday by officers of
mont. The work to be offered will butions received today were “ear-
marked,” the Committee will allocate the funds not intended for specific organizations according to a
include the equipping, operation and management of both stationary and mobile canteens and will be given in cooperation with American Rod Cross and the Tippecanoe County Civilian Defense Council. Instructor^’ will be Prof. Edith Gamble, Prof. Ruby Clark, Dr. Cecilia Shuck, Virginia 'White and
Orpha M. Huffman. . Elementary Nutrition Course
the fiaternity. i
Open to any University student, prizes of five dollars each will be
study made recently to ascertain a\yarded to-winners in five separate
the comparative need of the various
agencies.
Drive Starts Slowly
After receiving a $60 donation from PIA on the opening day, the drive lacked support in the form of individual contributions until the
Professors Schuck, White, Gam- , , v i rA x x ,, , T,! Ml ■ X, , last day. Approximately 60 student blc and Bloye will give the work ... , , • ,
^ organizations responded, including
fraternities and sororities, as well
a.8 members of the faculty.
The drive, was sponsored by the Relief Fundfe Coordinating Committee in order to combine the campaigns of many single groups into a Unified undertaking and select or-
(Continued on page 2)
in nutrition, which will bo an elementary .training course for women who have had no previous training in this field. It is designed to train lay volunteers to aid in the national nutrition program and to assist in family and group feeding under emergency conditions. The home nursing course is open to. all women interested in home cafe of the sick and aged, the care of .infants and children in the home and in community health. Isajicllc Diehl will teach this course. The child training coiirse offers instruction to those who arc interested in assisting with the care of children in homes or in child cafe
Ag Honorary To Give Annual Show Tuesday Hoof and Horn Club, honorary animal husbandry society, will stage its annual ‘Knighting of Sir Loin”
centers, discussions of principles of pageant at a banquet in the Homo
child care and guidance and practical experience in the University nunsery’school. Marion L. Mattson, Helen Duff and Edith Osswald will
conduct this course.
Anyone wanting further information aliout the courses may call
Dean Matthews at 2076.
Economies Building Tuesday, Fol).
17, at G p. in.
Hoof and Horn members dressed in costumes of seventeenth century English royalty will reproduce the ceremony which took place when an English ruler knighted a loin of beef dubbing it “Sir Loin.” It was from
_ this act that the present cut of meet George R. Scybold came to be called sirloin steak. . . . who attended the University A steer from one of the Univerfrom 1!)3G to 1938 and was letter- sity farms will be slaughtered and man in basketball; is now a ifiember the prime Angus beef will be used of the 83rd Air Base, Sloan Field, for the banquet. Over 200 persons 'Tex. He enlisted in the Army Air are expected to attend and reservaCorps in December, 1940, at Fort tions for the 65c dinner should ho Benjamin Harrisoii. mailed by noon tomorrow. Frost To Offer Demonstration Of Beef Butchering Tomorrow
By Dale Butz
Tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 p.m.
At the demonstration blank forms
in the livestock judging pavillion on will be provided on which the weight Wednesday. “More Milk from the
divisions. Manuscripts must be suitable for publication in a campus journal or newspaper but need not have been published.'Sigma Delta Chi officers announced that the manuscripts must be submitted befoi’e March 16 to any of the following persons, who are connected with ■ campus publications: Myron Hawkins, Engineer; Arthur Snyder, Agriculturist; Jack Thompson, Independent; Bill Hayt, Debris; and John Traugott, Exponent. Prize Divisions Prizes will be awarded in the following divisions: editorials, general news stories, technical news stories, (includes techincal articles relating to pharmacy, engineering, and agriculture), feature .stories, and sport
stories.
Profs. J. H. McKee and R. W. Babcock and T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, will serve as judges for the. contest. . Ag Staff Member Will Deliver Talks Broadcast By WLW Four members of the staff of the School of Agriculture ai’e participating in a serie.s of educational farm programs being broadcast by WLW on which swine, poultry and dairy specialists from the University, Ohio State university, the University of Kentucky and the University of West 'Virginia will deliver talks on their particular fields. Dr, J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department, spoke on ‘‘Regularity In the Hen House” yesterday on the fourth “short cour.se” program. Prof. W. W. Smith of the animal husbandry department will speak on “Care and Feeding of Brood Sows’’ on Monday, and Prof. C. M. Vestal, in charge of swine experimental work, will discuss “Pigs from Farrowing to Fattening”
Tony Cabot at the formal affair. The Intefraternity Ball is open only to fraternity men and their dates. Where “Scat” Comes From Maestro “Scat” Davis’ name first came into prominence when he served as ace trumpeter and “scat’.’ singer with the band of Fred Waring. After acting in several Hollywood pictures, including “Varsity Show,” “Brother Rat,” “Cowboy from Broklyn,” “Hollywood Hotel,” and “Garden of the Moon,” Davis formed his own band to play music the way he liked it. , Featured Artists Vocalizing for the organization is handled by Gloria Van. Featured artists besides Johnny with his trumpet,; are Tony Cabot, saxophonist, and Bob McReynolds, trombone artist. Johnny Davis’ style of singing (Continued, on page 2)
At a regular University convocation Paul Robeson, negi’o baesbaritone, will present a program tomoii’ow at 7:30 p; m. in the Music Hall. The University concert choir will assist him on the “Ballad for Americans” number, a cantata for baritone solo and chorus. The ballad concern American democracy from its foundation and was introduced by Robeson two years ago on the “Pursuit of Happiness” radio
program.
Robeson will specialize in his recital on negro spirituals, folk songs and ballads j His accompanist, Lawrence Brown, and Miss Clara Rockmore, therminist, will assist on the
program.
Member of Phi Beta Kappa, (Continued on page 2) G. E. Lehker To Speak 0nWBAATodayAt12 G. E. Lehker of the agricultural extension department will speak on the regular program'of the agriculture campus over 'WBAA today from. 12 to 12:16 p.m. on the subject“Know Your Termites.” Also on the same program will be the usual “Around the Agricultural Campus,” noteworthy events in the School of Agriculture presented by Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary. On Monday at the sgme time Prof. F. C. Gaylord, of the Agricultural ' Experiment Station, will discuss “Horticulture at Home.” Miss Bernice Kohlmcyer of the home economics section of Agriculture Experiment Station, will have as her topic “Planning the Family Food Supply for Health.” She will talk on gardens and prepartion for adequate and correct food for the remainder of the year.
Following the singing of “America” by the audience. Dr. Elliott will present the keynote address. Prof. Hockema will outline the procedure to be followed in the new selective service registration next Monday. After Prof. Hockema’s address members of the Student War Council will be introduced by Dibos, who will discuss questions which have been presented to the Council and concerning the present situation. Students will be given the opportunity to ask questions from the floor. Glee club selections and playring of the National Anthem will conclude the program. Today’s meeting will be the second defense convocation to be held since the outbreak of War. President Elliott spoke on the effect of the war on the Univei’sity. and ihr dividual students at a similar meting Dec. 15. This convocation will replace the third Student War Council prograni. Prof. C. B. Murphy, who was sch^uled to speak at this ■week’s i^l'’eifing, will address the regdiat me^ ing next week. PIA Dance Classes Begin Next Tuesd^ PIA dance classes will begin tlito Semester on Tuesday, Eeb. ITx Classes will be given at the nsiii^ rate of $2.60 for men, and $1 for women. Instruction consists of ten Ihgi sons of about two hours’ doratioh each, given once a week.. Afaydn® desiring this course is asked to report at the south ballroom of the Union on Februai'y 17. P. M. AUePt proprietor of the Allen Schobr of Dancing, will be in charge.
IT
Why The Brush-Off? Here Are Some Do That Make The T Grow Distant
of each wholesale cut of moat, price per pound, and per cent of the carcass value each cut represents, can be recorded. These figures will show the dilfei'cnces in weights and values of. the high priced cuts of meat
the University farm. Prof. Jack Frost of the animal husbandry department will demonstrate the cutting up of beef carcasses into the proper wholesale cuts of meat. Although no courses are offered
at the University in meat cutting, from the two steers. Prof. Frast, who graduated from Serve Cuts At Banquet Ohio State in 1929, studied meat The prime angus will be served during his undergraduate days, at the Knighting of Sir Loin banwrbte his master’s thesis on meat quet to bo held next Tuesday evein 1930, and worked one summer in Sjing, This will give students a a butcher shop in Columbus. This‘chance to see the live animal on experience is the background for foot, to look at the carcass and to his carving ability and anyone who taste the final cooked product, has watched him cut meat can tes- ■ Formerly a hog and shdep were
Food Dollar” will bo the subject of a talk by Prof. Ed A. Gannon, Extension Dairyman, on Tuesday, Feb. 24. The lliree-wcek series is a part of “Everybody’s Farm Hour,” a daily WLW program. Foundation To Sponsor Valentine Dance In (iym Purdue Christian Foundation will sponsor a “'Valentine Ball” at the Memorial Gymnasium after Satur-
tify that he wields a wicked knife.' butchered at the same time as the day night’s convocation. Admission
Two Steers steer butchered, but this year the
Two steers were butchered on hog and lamb demonstration will be February 3. One of these was a lield on Februar'y 28.
prime angus steer and the other Admission to the meat cutting was a medium grade Holstein, demonstration is open to anyone inThosc two steers were chosen in or- tei'ested. Fi’cshman animal husbander that the audience might see the clvy students and members of the differences, in thickness of fat, home economics marketing class ets may be obtained at any of the thickness of lean, marbling, propor- are required to attend. Short course University religious foundations, at tioii of bone and dressing porcen- students are encouraged to be there the door Saturday night or from tage between a good carcas.s and a because the demoifstration is held Ken Th’uax, Bob Uhl, Paul Bushby medium grade animal. at this time for their benefit. or Paul Carrington,
price will bo 16 cents, and the proceeds will be used to purchase milk
for a needy family.
Square dances will he demonstrated by several members of the foundation, with square dancing included in the entertainment. Tick-
By Betty Brown Miss Isabelle C. Diehl received a host of forceful replies when she asked the senior women of her family relationships class to list the things they disliked in the men they had previously dated. Miss Diehl, known to many as the nurse at the nursery school, is a member of the faculty in the department of home administration. The lists were comIiiled and may give iielpful suggestions to those men who wish to evade the brush-olf. Personal Appearance: You had better pull yourself out of bed half an hour earlier to allow for that often-neglected shave and a haircomb contact. Clothes within three sizes either way of your ow'n size with a hit of taste (Know what that is?) applied in selection are suggested. Ninety-three per cent of those coeds asked feel that “messiness” is sufficient grounds for ditching. . Smootchiiig: Sixty per cent hold contempt for tho man with the “marry ’em in a night” attitude. “Sweet and slow” is a much more effective motto;, and may the closing of the airport to uses other than those for which it was originally intended, make this motto one of greater prominence with the men of our campus. Do not misun-
derstand, The fellow that meekly asks if he may hold her hand after going with her for six months was marked likewise undesirable. The happymedium seems to be the best bet. Personality: You might be a wolf with a three day’s beard and halitosis, and still get by with it; but you can’t get by that unanimous vote against poor personalities. Jelly-fish are not on the coed’s list. The poor conversationalist, the irresponsible lad and the excessive introvert are out. If there is anyone more unpopular, it’s the conceited, independent know-it-all. A good sport with a bit of responsibility, individuality and a sense pf humor is the guy after her own heart. If it’s not too much to ask, she’d like you to have a little ambition and purpose in life too, for the once popular “College Joe” is now looked upon as a person lacking patriotism. Social Usage: Social usage, more sinqily put as cooperation and consideration, was a factor mentioned by eighty-seven per cent of those consulted. Perhaps Emily Post irks you, but a reasonable knowledge and application of the fundamental rules of etiquette is certainly not too much to ask. Some of the things found most irritating wore talking in the movies, late asking and late arriving for dates (without ade-
quate excuse) and lack of poise making introductions, opening doors and other, acts of courtesy; Abilities: According to Utis vey, skill in dancing in itself wSi» not overly emphasized; but iraried intei-ests and activities, sopae sipai#' lar to, and some different &om file girl’s, were stressed. Fifty-two p« cent mentioned plain inteUig^efs These girls wanted their date te 1)9 equal to or above them intellectualr ly. This relative position also plied to educational advantages. The ability to use the English language without completely butchering it is one worth-while goal, as misuse, ranked high in elimination reason^. A 6.4 index is not necessary, hut make a struggle to keep above g 2.1. Habits: One beer, one cigarette or one “damn” was not severely criticized. It is the carrying of these things to extremes that gets you on tho blacklist. Nix to dirty storr io.s, and lay off the gossiping. Now you know the answer. SUW* ly you’ve slipped on one of theSg items. If you say you haven’t, yoii immediately make yourself ii liatl and di.shonesty in itself is girOuniflft for a “Sorry, got to study,” Seht You can’t win. The one broad conclusion to h drawn from this survey is that “hf*^ certainly deserves to be coiigti^* ulated when “she” says “tlh hUh.'*I "■
mion Ah^ad In
By student Opinion Surveys
4tJ3TIN, Texas, Feb. 3.2.—During the two tudfeths that the United States has been at cbeds hav^ been taking twice as much in^tdrest in helping with volunteer civilian defense work'as have the hien of the nation’s ;^ldges 'and universities. A national poll of ’^i^ent Opinioh 'Surveys of Atnerica,'comdlefed only last week, reveals that— Three out of every five college women say they are already en'i^aged in some kind of vol-
unteer work.
Uess than three out of every ten men—exclukide 6f those who are in the services already—say they are engaged in defense du-
ties.
The largest group of men who were partici^ting were taking defense courses, although this number, up to the last of January, amounted to only 9 per cent. It may be that
is what they report they are doing on campuses of all sizes and types included in the coast-to-coast sample :
...fol
North itail Won th^ nine event Intramural Swimming . Meet held
Knitting Learning first aid Other Red Cross work Taking defense courses ..... Air Raid Duty Motor corps, ambulance duty Helping U. S. O. ... Home defense guard Other work
NOTHING
(*Less than 1 per cent)
Men 3%
2
Women 24% U
Dash over to the Health Service . , ^. this morning and get a good stock Tuesday mght m the Women’s, Gym. ury. - of Vitamin B pills—this Week-end North Hall received 49 points, and will shrely give you that here-it-is- Kappa Alpha Theta sorority was
Bill “Old Man” Stevens put his ^Pnd^^orning - so - >^y - g^ to - the runner up with a score of 43.5
Lambda Chi pin on ... of WRH the
• (Continued frdSnit pageT) day, not only has ThdmasV paid off this debt but the UAW has a surplus of $750,000 in its treas-
1 9
74
other day while brother Bill May- Ireahman from well has repeated the act On Lee «P ft";?? North Hall, plaeed iirst in the 40
Similarly the powerful Steel
Workers once owed Lewis, a big chunk of money. Now it,* top; is out of debt and has a fat jtohk
balance of its own. : in fact, the only CIO iittiphs
rest of the nacmth—arid t^n_,);he ^th a time of 23.6 debt are'thoipe'pf "
the small leftwing-ebtttrplled “nuisarice” unions that LeWis-set
1 1 5
40
or thereabouts. And Bill was
last one on that list. Congratulations, William. It must have been
a tough climb up the list.
Haley. Incidentally, it was the same ..,,4. • . . Lee Hpley wh» hhd^sWng rf snlt- ™ conseryd by Bledginr oni- « yerd totClroka‘‘'fce »5le f™
ers a e„,nm„.l.„rb«h ,n Ocld.r
WGOll: Hall, was first in the 40 yard breast- • API
Picture the poor fraternity stroke form. Others who placed in asams* »ne aj? ^ pledges who have to get up, tomor- the.meet were Nancy Knotts, Rrith Prorn'tm'currfent independent at-, row morning to go to their-eight Wilson, Jean Magenmeyer, Martha of the CIO chiefs it is appai--i V u o’clock engineering lecture—after Marion Smith and Martha Lewis former
Our owm Jeanme Lauer has gone mterfraternity Ball tonight. R^seAcrans. The 60 yard relhy was frength in the oi^nmationn^ and done it. Meaning she finally ac- jg held in ^v the Thetas largely, on their dependence eepted;the Phi Psipin of'Bud Olneyl _ on the purse-strings which he Coni
'Notincludedinthetabulation,of course, is Congratulations; Jeanne and Bud. Pavis to help things^long t^Se^'^rton "SlovakfheSS the effort being placed by many students in ^ reached our hands via the Ltic Allleoo Russell; judges, Lee Westover, Hel- ers had’to borrow from JMin L.; regailar curriculum Studying courses that may on hand with their f "'fn’ they had to go along with him be regarded as directed toward the war ef- addressed to Pete Schwab campus dates and the imports when Johnson; scorer, ^ Shirley whether they liked his policiesVor
— ^ fort—engineering, medicine, physics, etc. The of the Sigma ,Nu's and the follow- things begin at 8:30. By the way f ■ ui- „ot. But now that they are. finan-
men, most of whom are or soon will effectiveness of work being done cannot easi- ing was written on it in feminine —^it might not be dark by that time. TwlT oially free, they are displaying their X. Li.. XL.„X 4, ux Z._An,rpi. PWsc W9 . Bcmis, Mary Pidgeon, Eleanor Har- feelings. , ' ....
^e subject to the draft, have decided that their ihilitary service is to be their main contribution. Women on the other ‘ hand have tombed out by the thousands to knit, learn first aid, and perform many other tasks. That
ly be judged, for no doubt many students who penmanship: “Dearest Angel, Please Novel, what?
WGGH?
answered affirmatively may not actually be send me enough money to buy the . 4 , >r. X XI j. j • T darhngest pair of black lace CEN-
very hetive. But the figures are a good indi- sored and CENSORED to match . tions haying Velentine dances, cation of the Ihanner in which work is being Forever yours, Peggie. The card was WRH (We Resent the Hours) girls
distributed in the colleges.
rison, Nancy Cooper, Jean Steig- Labor insiders say that L^tvis is
Tomorrow finds several organiza- Hohnhaus aind changed reWtidriship
Gail Henni.s.
Today On WBAA
UniyefSf’ty Offers EE's Course In Ultra-High Frequency Work
and that this was one of %h^ -chief reasons for his sudden'passion for APL-CIO peace. Lewis, they say, realized hfe had lost his hold 6ri the CIO and figured he had :!a 'bhtter
postmarked at Hagerstovyn, Md. will entertain at a Tea Dance and
. and a picture of the New York the Thetas will have their dance at
treasury building adorned the other the house after the convo. (Continued from page 1)
side. ,, , WGGH? actor, and All-American end for chance to resume the role Of “kirig X * « At 7:30 tomorrow night Paul two years, Robeson graduated from maker” in a united AEL-CIO'front. The Pi Phi’s have taken down the Robeson will sing at a scheduled Rutgers, and holds a degree from Note: — Pro-labor contir'esgioribarriers they huiTiodly installed convocation in the Music Hajl. Over Columbia, where he .studied law. al leaders have intimated: to'CIO ' when Swede Anderson (the boy who tfe® campus at the Fieldhouse we He is the son of a former slave, and President Phil Murray "that'he
By Ray Miles — ^— catches passes with-hi.s head) came find one of the best swimming meets he gained letters in four different would be wcH-advised not to'kerid Of the many fields whose per- take fobs either in industry,^d^^^ welcome sign of the year with Michigan beginning sports at Rutgers. “Emperor Lee Pressman, leftwing CIO gen-
' mg and-budding radio equipment at 8. Jones,” “Show Boat,” and “Othello”
WGOH? are among the stage productions in After these programs—we wan- which he starred. Robeson has
sonnel needs have been greatly in-
Under the direction of Jo.seph M. .. xi, „„ „„ i; for the armed fotce.s, or as officers . , o • xi,
\ , j.., T, • .. creased by the preparations for and . ,, : „ up again at 2 and 3 m the morning.
Ragains, members of the University , . . x, . ,x m the communications branches of A . •„ XX, • X, fhe beginning of the war, ultra- ^ v, ‘ Orch^ti’a will present their month- , • . » j- • „ xl, the army or nhvy. Several members high frequency radio IS one Of the the kss will be commissioned Chuck Showalter, the Debri.s’
ly WBAA broadcast over the radio .^tion at 4:80 p. m. today. The Orchestra’s program is part of the weekly WBAA musical series featuring the University’s musical or-
glinization.
Director Ragains’ program fol-
lows:
most notable. Principal cause of its expansion is the development of the radio-locator, which is still a military secret in spite of the many rumors about it. It is known, however, that the radio-locator, which detects enemy aircraft at a distance, makes use of the so-called ultra-
der over to the Union—where coke toured the United States and Eudates are turning into tomato-juice- rope since his first appearance in
Cral counsel, to Capitol Hill to repre.sent the CIO before comfriit-
tees. ' , ■
(Copyright 1042, by United Fea-
in the Army Resei-ve and others in for-the-diiration dates—and find the Greenwich Village Theatre in 1026. the Naval Reserve; upon their grad- Sig Ep hardware at home. Thats jj^Hrooms filled with dancers who Touring Campufses
tnre Syndicate, Ine.)
nation in May.
no fun, Charles. Or is it ?
Kamennoi-Ostrom ..Rubenstein high frequencies, that is, frequencies Dances from Henry VIII....German above 20 million cycles per second, ‘a. Morris Dance beyond the,, range of any ordinary b. Torch Dance home radio set.
Radically Different Technique
9:55 News ' Ultra-high frequencies, which are 10:i0 The Curio Man as yet comparatively unexplored,
16:15 Morning Melodies 10:30 WBAA Presents 10:45 Theatre of Song
i0:55 News
To
Seeond Radio Fpwm Torugfd
Speaking of those Sig Ep lovers
FRIENDLY SERVICE jl
Bonded ' , ,,£ Gas and Oil =
I T. & R. Olt CO., Inci l I
them which differs radically from that used at the more familiar fre-
are attending the weekly mixer. Hollywood Bowl, Grant Park in WGOH? Chicago and New York’s Lewisohn = So with a prayer for those fra- Stadium have hold coneei'ts featur- g
Jim “Pretty Boy” Chase drove down ternities who are having their ing the baritone. Having just com- = to Texas a few days ago to see his state dances this week-end, we re- pleted the new movie “Tales of g gal. Considering the fact that he luctantly leave the subject of the Manhattan,” Robeson recently re- g
Went in that Ford of his, he must ..^yeg]--end of February 14. Soon it sumed his tour of College campuses. ^ - i . . hqve something there. ^e safe to go into a store arid Single, general admission tickets . , . , . i ',"”!''; . lU . . . , , Tx , 4 I f
* * not have a box of Valentine candy will be sold at the door for .$1.1(). -- , .
We always ,sec Jo Gardner and. pushed in your face and the money Student admission will be by pass- -- Hays Jewelry Co.'jjv Bob Ehmer come into a plaqe to- extracted from pockets, so'until our port, and season tickets may be a )
The College Student s Part Dur- ggj;hgj. and leave together, butt they next blind date —we’ll see you used. 131 North Fourth St. "if;
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Pp^jCi.
CU-, xu.upxxxax.vxxj, . the'War” will be the second never seem to sit together.' Too around. I'equire a technique m working with vex v-x. x w
topic of discussion in the neW se- many “old friends,” Robert?
ries of “PIA Forums” to be broad- * , * Relief Fund
quencies. This fact, combined with east by WBAA from 8 to 8:30 to- the AWS and the governments, /rontimipd from nap-e 11
11:00 “World History Since 1914” the rapid expansion of the armed ^ight. The round-table group will ganiraU^^^^ It will
= ■ with Prof. Frank Hall services, has created a serious g^^t, Sc ’42, Flor- “ be calling tor our prom dates ';;7-'VrCross W^ shortage of engineers whose train- Croll, HE ’43, kton Johnson. " and taking them F^?ErRirWar rI ing and experience qualify them for ME ’44 and Rob- h®*"® broad daylight-which is Ghin^ Relief Golden iiltvn-Viicrh fremionrv work x r> i c 140 nothing new for pi'om. So why woi’- 3^nii;en r^nina xteiiei, u-oiaei
ert Reveal, Sc. ’42. „ 7 , Rule OriraniKation United Service
ry 1 E.specially When we never have uiganization, unuea oeivicc
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
iz
11:60 Purdue News
11:55 News
12:00 Agricultural Forum 12:15 Meet the Band
12:46 Music J12:55 News
11:00 Souvenirs 1;30 Better Vision 1:45 Markets
1:55 News
2:00 Story a Day 2:15 Day of Prayer 2:30 Moods in Music—Mrs. C. W
Hemmer
2:55 News 3:00 Special Musical Series—Pur due Woman’s Club 3:30 Marjorie Williamson, singer 3:45 Music I 3:55 News 4:00 Tea Time Tunes
ultra-high frequency work. In order to alleviate the shortage,
Faculty-student discussions in a
the U. S. Office of Education under presented by its engineering, science and man- pj^ ^ however, aft-
and the American
agement defense training program, is now sponsoring ultra-high frequency courses in 40 engineering colleges throughout the country.
Organizations, Field Service.
The Activities Biireau served as the central receiving office for
er a canvas of student opinion it Word comes now that John Swen- xxx,x.....t,
wfis decided‘that an all-student funds collectedoutsidetheUnivergroup would be more effective. The f‘®‘’®® sity, and activities workers have
+/:> o-ivo +V.O the heartbroken at this: I didn t , x x-x -x x-
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Better Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
L^DIA; —TODAY & SAT.—r -2 FIRST RUN HITSMONSTER IN HUMAN GUISE!
The Universitv as one of the eo- designed to give the - - _ \ - a \ x 1' ” ' kept account of these-contributions. ai operating mstitutions is civino' an student diverse viewpoints concern- was the kind Jo take a representing AWS have op- g .Lux .„L.-x u..:.. ..Lz mg activities and problems pertin- P*"- How xubout that jeweled pledge „,.„x„j „x s table out.side the Sweet J
kept account of these contributions. ^IIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIIIillllllllltllHIIIinnillll ^
eight credit hour course in ultrahigh frequency techniques under the direction of Prof. R..P. Siskind of the School of Electrical Engineer-
ing.
Thirteen Hourse Per Week EE 146-148, as the catalog lists it, consists of five hours of lecture
and recitation, six hours of labora
4:30 Mr. A. P. Stewart’s Music tory work, and two hours of superOrganizations vised problem work per week. Some JX^iH 4:45 The Curio Man of the apparatus to be studied in
4:55 News the laboratory is capable of opera- (Continued from page 1)
Prob- tioii at frequencies as high as three originated when, early in his career, billion cycles per , second, about 3,- he was asked to sing “Don’t Bring 240 times the frequency rised by Me Posies.” The prospect of singWBAA. Forty-nine .students, includ- ing in public for the first time
problems pertin
ent to his campus life. pin of yours, Glen ?
Participants in the forums, which
arc under the guidance of Goi’don J**" “Call Me Tyrone” Wolff has Griffin, PIA activities chairman, been confining his talents — and
are selected impartially. Require- most par t to members concerning the di-ive, and § ments are that the student have ranees o inson o a e. n f poster’s were placed in campus i something to say and that he have ^he lollowing statement tor buildings in order to make the un- M
a strong desire to say it
Shop in the Union since the drive S
began.
Over 6,500 letters Avere distvibu- =, ted among Students and . faculty =:
the press yesterday, according to earwitness Les Woehlke: “I’m available. Ju.st call 4079.” Paid Ad.
5:00 Campus Roundtable lems of Food Shortage'
5:30 Vespers
6:45 Little Miss Muffett
•5:55 News
6:00 Diririer Hour 6:30 Sports Review with P.R.Y. 6:45 Next Week at Purdue
6:55 News.
7:00 Lafayette Little Theati'e ,7:30 Alberta Schmadel, singer
7:45 Music 7:65 News
8:00 PIA Forum 8:30 Rass Graefnitz, pianist 8:45 Eventide Echoes . 9:00 Musieana
9:66 News
10:05 Off the Air
.\nn Garland stopped her knittin.g ill class long enough to burst out in a roaring fit of laughter over nothing at all. Class was held up for ton nvinute.s until things quieted
„ X xj. X ,, , j XI x- • I X • , X. down.CouldthefactthatBobHenmg four staff membei's, are enrolled proved rather frightening, and alter . t^,tt -x -x . x a . , ,. X X , X • , , derson, DU wit, sits next to Annie in the course. a couple ot starts he tried clown- . xi ■ x i 'xi -xo n, . • xx 1 . , have anything to do with it? We
A three weeks meeting was held ing the song, and wound up soundat the Massachusetts Institute of ing like What has been described Technology last fall, at which one as “the only white edition of Cab
faculty member from each of the Calloway.”
cooperating institutions was pres- . Backdrop for the Ball tonight will ■'
ent. A general outline of the, ma- consLst of a biege poster surmounted Engineering, attended a .sectional terial to be covered by the .schools by a sky-blue-edged star on which mooting of the Society of Automowas drawn up, and recent develops repose head portraits of a fraternity ^ve Engineers in Indianapolis last merits in the ultra-high frequency man and his date on their way to a p^.oL LLston is vice-chairman field were discussed. Prof. Siskind formal dxnnce. of the Indiana section'of SAE. C. was the University’s representative W. Phelps, F. M. Cro.sby and W. T. ah this conference. The United States has .some 600 B^an, instructors in mcchariicai and Those completing the course will junior colleges. xaeronautical engineering, also at-
tended the meeting.
dertaking one of the largest of its kind ever held on the campus. The committee was composed of =
Prof. L. M. Sears and Dean Mary =1 L. Matthews, representing the fac- s? ulty; and Florence Croll, Agnes =i McCulloch, Dick Dibos, and Elder, S'; ^
representing the student body. Final tabulations will appear in S
tomori’ow’s Exponent.
think so.
pFof. Joseph List^oh of the School of Meclianical
(PiUidiuL ^xpiytmdL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3^ 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chief,.. News Editor Sportr Editor
...Ned A. Ochiltree Business Manag:er._ ..John Ix. Traugott Manaeinc Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor'
.....Don S. Powers .....Leland W. Ruffner Ruth Ruse
Publication Staff Aeaociate Editnra Editorial Staff; 3. F. Amos, J. H, Armstronc, D. T. Brophy, B. l>. Hadley, F. 1. Jones, E. G. Kieper. SputU) Staff; O. T. Clark. J. p. Fraser. J. S. Keeler. Cued Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfleld, Jane RamsdeU.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Sicss; Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjcmre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Milluvd. ■ Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnbcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives,, 420 Madison Ave., New 'Vork, N. Y.
Niaht Editor: Starr Par Editor; Itumsdell
Staff For This Issue Snorts Editor- Keeler Reporters: J, T. Richardson, B. Hoskins, S. Beall. A. Wiekuril, W. Itul'crt, K. Ahrens, ,1. l.auer, D. I’ickcrinc, W. VorIssue Editor: Armstrong iniliou.
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
Paramount- presents "FORCED
-ALSO
JUNGLE GIRL LATEST PATHE NEWS
DOUBLER Is Different Here’s a two-way cam-pus-sports sHirt that looks just as well worn buttoned up with a tie as it Joes open at the neck without one, Oxford cloth iri while or solid colors. Two pockets. Don’t mies it! Arrow Shirts . . DEWENTER'S 416 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
ik'
I'^4 k k
tftMfgna WHI Fp<ce Locql
^r§st|f fs Thi§ Evening 'The high riding Boilermaker wrestling team will mee^Indiaha’s Fightin’ Hoosiers in the FieldhoUse tonight at 7:30. A’ S6i^6S ol exhibition bouts will precede the main bouts with Matches in the 121, 145, and 155 pounds classes. iiWl^oiijlild Lead^ Off
Heading the Cream and Crimson sq.nhd is Farrell, last year’s Nationaf A.A.U. chamt>ion In,the 118 pound Weight divisionj He will open hostilities against McPonald at 121. McBotlald" has been doing fine work f<>r thte Hiveters this season and thould give Farrell a run for his
ihortey.
' 'The next match brings together Archer pnd Casey Fredericks, Boilfetmaker - captain and last year’s
A.A.U. 'and ®g Ten wrestling fg Us Ic tl^iamp, Mateviti^a, one of five soph- 8:oo a 3 vs f i
hmores s^eduled to wrestle has hefen teiprp^rtg steadily and tvill be ia:Cgely'res]^onsible fi>r the conduct hf O’Btadttvith, ‘ ranking 136 founder ih'the Big-Ten this season^ Versatile Hhosiei?' ^ ^ * kenuy Sithith,* who devotes his
IM Schedules FfWay, February 13, 194?
f* Piggy Ldiiflierf
aaUa«abiMtMaai£yiHfiMa
BASKETBALL Friday. Pabruary 13
Court 1
7:00 SC 1 vs SC S 7:15 Ward 35 va Ward 37 8:00 Battery El vs Battery A2 Ritterskamp
Court 2
7 :00 Ward 26 vs Ward 10 7:15 Waid 28 vs Ward 12 8:00 Ward 13 vs Waid 30
Rafferty
Court
Pag* 3
8:16
S 4 vs C 4
Sccpi
Table Tennis
Rivfter fetters Leave For Minnesota Today
Cagemen Seek Initial Win Over Gopher Quintet
Ch^llP W^l^erines T9 Meet Boilerma([er linlui^ {9 Swiin Fest Tomorrow Night
The Sports Gestapo
By pbil johnson
play
. participants are urged to off your n^xt rtiatch 'before
1:30 p.’m. ’ Saturday. At '1:30’ all
time to pjayihg end on the football of those still left ill the All Campus tOam in the fall, will tangle with Table Tennis Tdtimamen^ plfease reVelmar Pavisv uli and coming Riv- port' td the FieldhMlse to .complete
eter80ph,'in a rtiateh that will carry the tournament. ■
all the rivalry 6f hn I.tT.-Boilermak- '
Or atiiletift'jpontest. „ , . . „
*"EViaton» 'Child and Black 175 poupder, will have some tough competition in Trester, regai’ded as one bf the better middleweights in the midwest. He has not been underestimated by the local squad and both jClaseman and Eviston are prepai'ed for the call from Coach Rceek.
So^ihs Phoipinent
Reeck has five sophs, McDonald, 3VI|itovina, Gregory, Paratore, and Payist in his tentative lineup this evening. According to Reeck, the
Bloomington lads have a good team and he is expecting a very tou^h rfieet. The loeaLs will be out to Iceep their rbcord UnmarrecT and also to avenge their defeat at the hands of the Hoosiers last season. Indiana is fighting to keep their Big Ten record for the season intact, and will be out for blood from the outset. Bearing this in mind, this should provide a typical I.U. contest and an afternoon of fine com-
petition. w.h.g.
jOad's Place so HANDY
POPCORN FRESH CANDY —FURNAS ICE CllEAM SOFT DRINK Open until 11:00 p. ni.—Sundays 4-ilO'p. m.
“MEET ME WALGREEN'S” DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
By Jim Ackerman
Those fighting Wolveriptes of Michigan bring their great ' swiniming team to the Fieldhouse tomorrow night at 8 p.m. Mifiitigah has one of the greatest teams in the country, if hot the greatest and no one should miss this opportunity to see them in action. The Wolverines will come direct to the Fieldhouse froih fchicago where they - will have m^ Northwestern to- strengthens the morale of the tankuight. ers and make's other competition One of the many interesting fea- seem easier. Another thing is that tureS'of^this meet Will be the div- by showing a team like Michigan ing exhibition. Johnhy Juengst of to the student body, a desiie for the Riveters will oppose Strother better swimming teams will develMartih OWthe low bOaYd and HeriP op here on the campus. Bauer will meet Lou "Houghey of Though the Wolverines may be Michigan. Martin, who 'is kUpposed tough, they will not win all tlie to be one of-the better’divers in iil- meets againSf~'the Boilermakers, tercollegiato * Circles, will piobably The Riveters will have strong teams put on a high diving exhibition aft- in the relays, so both the medley er the meet. This bit of a show and the 400 yard relay should prove should bo enpugh in itself to see interesting. The medley is made up the meet, but there aie other at- of Don Anderson, Joe Williamson ti’actions besides. and Dick Kratzer. The other relay Patty Aspinall of Indianapolis team' is composed of Fred Herr, may also put on an exhibition Miss Frank Biaimer, Jim Krueck, ’and Aspinall is the national breast Kratzer. stroke champion and holds the ti- Kratzer and Herr will put on a ties and records to both the indoor colorful performance in the 100 yd. and outdoor meets. She is also free style aS will Vern Hansel and Coach Dick Papenguth’s piotege. Krueiik in the 220. Curly Anderson, The Wolverines took a firmer 'who has made great improvement hold on the Bi| Ten title when they in the past week according to his defeated the Ohio State tankers for coach, will oppose John Patten of the second time Wednesday night, the Wolverines in the back stroke. Tonight Michigan meets Northwest- Another Michigan champion, Jim ern and of course tomoiiow, the Skinner by name, will oppose Joe Boilerinakeis. Of the many good Williamson in the breast stroke, s'wimming teams in the country, Skinner holds the Big Ten, the NaYale is the only team that might tional AAU, and the National Inknock off the Wolveiines. ter-collcgiate titles in the breast The mam purpose in scheduling stroke. Michigan, accoiding to Coach Pa- It will be no surpiise if seveial penguth, IS not to win just another of the pool records fall tomorrow, 'meet, but to toughen up the swim- with this arrangement of stars on ming squad and to show the Riv- deck. Cliff Erikson and Hansel of eters what a really good team looks the Riveters will try to better the like. This kind of competition 440 yard lecord-
SCREAMING MIMIS—SMOOCH!
Root, Zoot, ^ Jerk
Cute and -c o’^
Solid to Boot
Jabberwacky Rhum Boogie
I Love Him Because He Doesn’t Knotv How to Kiss — The Jet'k! BOY, WHAT A DISH!
Its All
in
BALL OF FIRE
rr
This morning at 10;05 sharp, ten members of Piggy Lambert’s scrappy, h a r ddriving cage squad will climb aboard the fleet James Whitcomb Riley and head towards Minneapolis where they will meet the second place Minnesota Gophers tomorrow evening in a game which may mark the turning point of the campaign for the Riveter outfit. Upon arrival at the Gopher stronghold, the Boilei’makers will hold a light shooting drill in an effort to be at top shape for this all-important clash. Although the main issue confronting the Rivetei's will be to better tWfeir present fourth place standing, they will, in addition, be stiiving to revenge that 46 to 39 setback administered by the Gophers in their invasion of the Boilermaker goal hall earlier in the season. On that particular night as you will probably remember, Menke, Sprowl and the rest were about as cold, as far as shooting is concerned, as the Minnesota weather which they will encountei* over the weekend. High Scoring Gophers If the Riveters intend to stop the high flying Gophers tomorrow, they will not only have to break up one of the smoothest passing teams in the mid-west, but also will be forced to stop an outfit which has scored an average of no less than 47.1 markers per game. ' However, in contrast to the Gophers’ fine offense, the Boileimakeis can boast of the best defense m the Conference and piobably one of the best in the country with the suiprisingly low average of 35.7 points a game being scored upon them. Against both Iowa and Northwestern it was the great guarding on the part of the Rivetei quintet coupled with their vastly improved shooting which spelled defeat foi the previously high-scoring Hawkeyes and Wildcats. In Conference play so far this season, Minnesota has been the only (Continued on page 4)
Mann-Coached Men Make Good
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
Shown above with Michigan swimming coach Matt Mann are a number of former star Michigan swimmers nho are now outstanding coaches themselves. Top, left to right are Charles McCaffree^ Michigan State; Harvey Muller, University H. S.; Dick Papengnth. Purdue; Tex Robertson, Texas. Bottom row, left to right. Bob Mowerson, Battle Creek, H. S.; Matt Mann, Michigan; and Ben Grady, Pittsburgh. Boilermaker coach Dick Papenguth graduated at Michigan in 1925. ' ► Greafest Team In The Country Tomoriow night the Boilei maker swimming team will face the greatest collegiate tank squad in the countiy, ll/fatt Mann’s powerful Michigan aggregation. It will be the first time in Purdue history that the two squads have met. Never before Papenguth began building up-the Boilermaker swimming team were the two teams ever mentioned in thd-same breath-—as it was like speaking of the New York Yankees as compared with the Philadelphia Phillies. Michigan and Matt Mann have moie titles for swimming than you can count in five minutes. For seveial yeais they have been National Collegiate Champions as well as Western Confeience leaders. National champions have been as thick as hares at the Ann Arbor institute. ^ Should Be A Dandy Meef Although Coach Papenguth has lost several of his best men, he still has a stiong squad lett. The Boilermakei s should give Michigan, one of the toughest battles they will face all yeai. Captain Dick Kratzer and the rest of the team have been priming all yeai foi this meet, and are in top shape fo'r the chance to swim against the Wolveiines. The races and events in tomorrow’s meet should be some of the best ever held in the Fieldhouse pool, and there is no doubt but that several new pool records will be set.
‘"'famous fundamentals IN ONE EASY LESSON...
Here’s all you need do. Just remember that ManilaItau shirts are Size-Fixt (average labile shrinkage 1% or less) Man-Formed to your ligiirc and Collar-Pet feet in a Style to suit your face. That’s all —these arc the famous Manliallan rundamentals that have sold inilhons of Manhattan shirts to menln college and out, Follow the Fundamentals lor liner, bettei lit! ting shirts —get some Manhattans today.
Today, mote than ever, the busy American woman tealiics the urgent need of “keeping up appearances”! So, for that “chin-up” feeling, we present dashing Vitality originals in smart new tans. Pert ties . . . swaggering spectators . . . trim oxfords . . . jaunty pumps ... as youthful and flattering as they are comfortable. Wherever you go... whatever you do, get a “lift” vTith Vitality! VITALITY SHOES "GO" EVERYWHERE
As Satisfying as Ear Muffs at 10"^ Below
or a Raincoat in a Cloudburst are RUR NEW LINE of SWEATERS
Crew Cashmeres Sleeves
V-Necks kovelty Weaves Sleeveless
VITALITY OPEN ROAD SUQES
SHIRTS
THEY BELONG IN YOUR WARDROBE
! nnr'nTO'O'O’Wtn'ii ■'t'lixinraTrrrofThrriHTW'wTi'IrrrrtTT'O
3basd)'A, SfwsL ScJohl Second Tloor
Come and see our SWEATERS in a wide variety oi‘ colors — reds — gray browns — naturals — soft duotones — pastels — yon are sure to be satisfied. GuliUrCi ^7 INC.
Chi Omega . . social sorority, won an Invitational bowling match over the Si#ma Nu’s last evening. The Signfei Nu’s challenged the Chi O’s and (Offered them a 525-pin handicap. Tlfe boy, however, offered the girls almost a hundred pins more handicap than they were able to pieje up. i
WEST LAFAYETTE
First Aid for SQUIRMERS You will never writhe or squirm Or wiggle like a worm In any chair that you maychance to sit in, If you switch to Arrow shorti, The seamless kind that thwarts Your ever being cnafed a bit or bitten! $2.5D 416 Main iSw. Lafayette^ Ind.
4
"isFriday, February 13
Indinn Chestei White
Sxxine Bieedeis’ Asso
Sik
Pill due Film
9 00
A M
—Piisl Aid
Room 105 Union
1 00
r M -
—V 11 Lectin c—Piofcsiioi
L R Mill plus
II ill o( Music
4 10
P M
-( osmopoht in Chib Meeting
Room 01 Union
7 10
P M •
—Mixed Boci cation
Mtmoiiil Gymii'isiiim
'1 00
P M
—Inti I riateniitv B ill
Both B ilh ooms Union
G id \\hit in ictcnl—\ l me in Mai pros and \i\iei CiinU Tlici leallv stand out lehcn the^ le on somethin^ is \nuiicin as ] S ud No XaMCi does the mile put in Spinish simil 11 10 Iinim D sci s an inpcmnit mIiiIc Mii^o dois Iht ‘Nos (in Enp,lish n itui ilh ) The lecoid leall^ Ins i p ineh cndiin \lii[?o isii t iiist con cnlinj, to t il c I iheitN in u'l/inc heel no she s ffot otlici idc IS —she hies 1 qiiii'c^ We h iveii t deeidcd nhethci thev lielicve that Esquiie is mote ippio pii te 01 whcthei it needs iiioie piihheitj’ "51011 h Lite it out This Coliimbn i iimhci 1(488 is elonc as a ihunihi iiiel on the h lel vou 11 find a bee,nine minibei ei lentlv favoied is i fox tio1 < ilk I ‘Ex eiy thing I I ove Surface Noise Sammj K^^e 1 in„s \ieUL it Iweltth sti light n in on the ( oe i Cola shox\ w th Ins best selki ol the week Rcincmbei Pei 1 liai 1)01 Because ot his thitli nooga Choo Choo Glen Milki his been made Honoi ii\ M i\ n ot Chattanooga Tern roinm\ Doisex ind bind have pist eele brated then sixth annivcis ix u I Tommj passed oiu *1)0 000 wo tli ol defense bonds to the 1 ox Skinnax Ennis linallx let the eil out he s been sceietlx in lined foi two jeais to his ehaim n xo It Caiinene Chiilie P n t kxx band (xxith the join st in s) i i le its debut I inu ii x 0
Hawkins
Eol ill ( X L El si 111 II X 1 ins tans thcie is i i exx disc xx iitiin
Riveter Metters (f nlii lud lioin page 3) squid to loop xxithin gun shot ot tin im i/iiig siphoinoic studded 11 lull fixe Pi (sent inclings shoxx llu ( ))heis to he in sce( iid pi ice X ilh 7 xxiiis mist (lefe its xvhik Illinois XX IS 1)1 ten toi the fust tunc in ci^ht stilts list Motid IV hy the lloosicis The Boiloi in il ci s on the othci hind hixe come out on top 11 fixe ol then ci^ht el ishes Chilli lesponsible (oi the C.o phet line si oxx mg his heen then xxell bilineel evenly divided scoi in^ poxxei Eoixxiul Don Smith xxith 1 tot 1 ol 01 points may pi ove t) be the ehiel xxoiiy to the Rv eteis llixvcxei should (he y he ihk to stop h 111 Lhex must eeinteid xxilh Iieeilis iiidA)ex both ol xvheiiu I ive dieippc 1 in SO in then ten nies to el ite In lelelition thcie is the lug Sxxe ie eeiitei M ilhisein xxl e XX IS the lug gun in the fust me ( mg ol the (XV i squ lels Those selceteel to mile the tup II elude C iptiin Don Bin ken r rosty Spioxvl who is noxx toiiith III nielixiduil scoinl^ Mcnl e Con lael rieinex Poll Riley Hoff in in I ixx son inel C i ess ] s el lo xou loxxn at the iccoul shop Both sides aic at the top ol the popilii hit list anel shoulel become even mo e popul ii One is I Don t W int 3o Will Without You and the othei is Soinetiines The xo t 1 01 the xx ill ing side is elone in tie |)eculiii style ot Ida limes \ li k liminie Mitehelle tiles the lx lies on the Sometimes siele I 111 h sn 1 hit the big hmc lunt since Ins sm ishup hit Tux 0 Junction except lo one tix xxith his Blue Set hut these txvei 11 in emc its sho del get him i big heith II the i mis )l tie hettc
I 1 1
Wesley Foundation Holds Cupid Party At 8 Tonight Dan Cupid’s Hospital Paity will be held at the A\esley Eoundation at 8 tonight, and eveiyone is in vited to come and find out who Dan Cupid leally is Combining a supei stitioiis theme, in recognition of Eiiday, the thiiteenth, with the tia ditioiial Valentine theme, the party will at fiist be divided m foui gi oups I atei on accoiding to Atheleen Bgndeliei, chairman of the paity eoinmittee, eveiyone will gathei in the lecieation looms downstaiis foi u (leshments anel a song session Cosmopolitans To Meet This Evening For Party Cosmopolitin Club will have its 1 egulai meeting at 7 30 this eve mug in the toxvoi loom of the Un ion 111 the foim of a paity at which fiienels of the oiganization will he guests All students nitciestod in nice ting mcmheis ol the club me in
viteei
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adeling Machines nil makes sold rented repaired and purchased MimeOBrnph woik done C J Ebershoft BOB Mam
Lafayette Phone 2779
lost In vicinity of villiiBc oi Noith xvestein Avo a s im of money vital to los el Rexvaid Call Pi el it 7021 l-iost Yellow and Kroon lineolet belonE inr to tostiimc lewtlry set Reward 7r''2'l
Notices
Outinr Club Hike Sund ly Feb IB Meet at Aimoiy at 2 0 i m Call Ik tty Gal 1 raith bl22 (i Fail Ilei niB foi lo seivitions bef ire F idiv ii )on lel 11 —Um RCLI R Wesley loundation Dan Cupids Hospital P I ty 1 1 iday 11 11 i t H i m t thi 1 i lati 1 A In n 20 C ll 111 Ra Re liner tliib Il^bIv ni lint m etme It 10 T m 1 u d y III 1 in 10 m 21 1 I 11 111 1 1 I I tl 1
All Home Economics Students YoU are leqilcstod to attend an open meeting Mon day Fob 16 at 4 p m in tho home feco nomics auditorium Pi of Muriel McFarland will apeak on facts vital to all home eco homica studinta at the present time -VIRGINIA 0 MEREDITH CLUB Exponent Freshmen See notice posted on bulletin bonid as soon as possible —RUFFNER Rifle Club Rifle match Saturday after noon Feb 14 at the Fieldhouae rifle lanKc Attendance is important —TADMAN English Make Up Exams Examipations to remove C s md I a in English will be givih Saturday afternoon Feb 21 in loom 101 of the E1 c ition building Every stu dent lemoviiiE i C must have a removal )f eon lition caid Applications should leave their names at the English ofliee room 108 (f Univcisity Hall ly Friday Feb 20
—CRFFK
Roger Williams Club Please note the change in Sunday evening s schedule S 30 IBt lunch r social houb 6 30 discussion jiour ARTMAN History Economics ana Government Make ups Examination foi removal of con ditions and iiicompletcs in History Boon omics and Government will be held Saturr dily lel) 14 at I p ni in Room 113 of tho Rcfcitation BuildiiiK Appliention should be made 1 eft re Fi iday Fob 11 —ESTEY ME 30 Make Up exams Examinations to 1 amove C and I grades in ME 30 will he given Saturday Match 14 at 1 p m in room 101 of tho MF building Please notify me if interested —GEIGER Freshman Engineers Meet for Engineer ing Lqctuios Saturday Feb I4 at 8 a m in the Music Hall Seating assignments are posted near the entianci to Michael Gold en Shops , —KNAPP
Engineenug Students There W{)1 be nrtf open meeting of the AntpricaA Society of Moehanical Engineers Tuesday, Fob 17, at 7 30 p m room 207 of the MB building.
Cjilm-
Prof W T Miller will give a talk on nton Sense in Engineering '* Seniori cially arc urged to attend —TOPINK
Cosmopolitan Club There will bo a social in the tower room of the Union Friday Fob 13 at 7 p m —^KELLAB Episcopal Students Communion Sunday, I eb IB at 8 a m at the St Johns OhubCh followed by breakfast in the Parish House —THORNTON Coed Advertising Staff Freshmen sophomores and juniors will meet at 4pm Monday Feb 16 Be there —SIES9 New Freshman Students You may obtain Freshman Handbooks from 4 to 6 i» m any day at the Activities Bureau 0(Tice —^McKIKNAN
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS IlHivlirsily Book Sloro
I H If 411
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD 1
RISK
— DENTISTS
400
404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Mam St
Lafayette
Hold your Partner!
Odiorono Cream keeps Arthur Murray dancers 'Sweet'' in a close-up Whether the music’s sweet or swing you ve got to be sweet ’ Use Odorono Cream—choice of Arthur Murray dancers Non irritating, non greasy, nongntty — Odorono Cream ends perspiration annoyance for 1 to 3 days' Get a jar and hold that partner—spellbound' lOf^, 39^, 59fi sizes (plus tax) The Odorono Co Inc New York N Y
perspiration
um
MAKE KE& AAY A i*eiifkc:t one Sweetness . . . Elegance . . . Beauty . . . are FS owers ... a gift that will cherish her loVeliness— CLARK FLORISTS
PlinnR 84.51
Palais Roua rm i i iiiii iiii] i■ i ■ iinwliiiiimnniii doL Wlo£mAmA. Popular on Any Campu^ Sport Oxfords
Lusty moc type oxford of white buffalo accented with brown
Campus Si rap Moccasin every co ed s joy I slew Buckle idea in beige anfique or brown and white
rV
fi
V