Tt
jIt* ^ ■*'3jj^ y g
Purdue
Z-i85
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 17
Friday, September 2d, 19^
'One More Touchdown Than Notre Dame-Proxy
Students Hear Elliott's Plea
Pan Hel To Open Formal Last Nighes Pep Session Student Union Announces
Rush Period Tomorrow
Formal co-ed sorority rush Hellenic Council will officially of rushees and rush captains at of the Union Building.
13 Positions Created By Forensic Board For Sophs, Juniors The University Forensic Board efllarged the 1939-40 program of intramural and intercollegiate forensic actmties to such an extent that twelve sophomore debate managerships and one position for a junior in the Speakers Bureau are open. Positions may be applied for in person today from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Activities Bureau office in the Union. The Bureau will select fifteen or twenty sophomores and several juniors, and the best of these will be chosen by the Forensic Board. Final selections for the positions will be made Monday, Oc-
tober 2.
Speaking ability is not an essential for these are managerial position, and work occupies only three afternoons a week. The Forensic Board controls all the forensic del^ating, student forums, and public speaking contests of the University. Gold Peppers Make Plans For Fall Season; Adopt Hats Plans for the athletic boosting activities for the fall season were made by the Gold Peppers, athletic boosting honorary for senior women, at their first meeting on Tuesday. Margaret Mitchell, president, announced that members will sit together at home football games. They will also sell chrysanthemums at the Home-coming game on Oc-
tober 21.
Gold Peppers will be identified on the campus by small black hats, similar to the Gimlet hats, bearing a gold pepper, emblem of the organization.
directed by the Women’s Panopen tomorrow with a meeting 1:30 p. m. in the women’s lounge This formal rushing follows an inforfiial rush period which began last Wednesday, and will close this afternoon at 5:30, Each sorority entertains a group of rushees by invitation at two periods a day, from 3 until 4 p. m. and 4:30 until 6:30. Registration Registration for freshman and transfer rushees will begin this afternoon at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Union from 12 noon to 3 p. m., and will continue again in the evening from 7 until 8:30 p. m. A fee of $2 will be charged each rushee, with 60 cents extra for any co-ed registering late. Each rushee wishing to go through formal rush must register at the PanHellenic desk. No dates with sorority houses may be brgken. Following the meeting tomorrow, each sorority will hold an informal open house from 2:30 until 6 p. m., to which all rushees are invited. Decorations at the houses will consist of garden flowers carrsdng ouji the individual sorority color scheme. Active members of the chapters will be dressed in formal attire. Rush Captains Rush captains and their respective sororities are: Yvonne Holden, Alpha Chi Omega; Sue Enders and Maxine Chaille, Alpha Xi Delta; Mary Petticrew and Caroline Scott, Chi Omega; Jeannette Kiltzka, Kappa Alpha Theta; Jean Jones and Jane Scheuler, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Frances Raebig, Pi Beta Phi; and Mary Schnaible, Phi Mu. Pedalion and Theaeles, local sorority groups, are rushing according to the Pan-Hellenic dates. No rushing will be permitted on Sunday. All organized women not living in the Residence Halls will not be permitted in them during the rush period. The teas on Saturday will be followed by informal dinners on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday nights of next week, ending with a formal preference dinner on Thursday, Oc-
tober 6.
“We don’t want to ask too much of our football team Saturday,” said President Elliott last night at the pep session in Stuart Field. “All that we ask is one simple thing, that they make just one more touchdown than Notre Dame!” “This year is a semi-centennial for the Purdue football team, according to Prexy, the President’s official title during the pep session. “Fifty iyears ago in November, 1889, Purdue defeated Wabash and brought back wiHi them the distinguished title of nobility, ‘Boilermaker’.” * “This game is not only an athletic contest, it
has great historical significance.”
■ — Formingjn front of the Union at
7 p. m. the military band waited a few minutes until Prexy Elliott pumped up a tire on his special limousine (Russ Mock’s Model A). With a special escort (two young ladies) in the rumble seat and surrounded by Gimlet members, the President and his party then moved north along Grant and Northwestern to
Stuart Field.
Irish Football Game To Furnish Theme For Tonight's Mixer Before the frowning countenance of Notre Dame’s Elmer Layden, Bill Martin and his campus band will play for the Union mixer tonight. The event will mark the first appearance of the band in the ball1 oom this season. The backdrop, in keeping with the sports season, will depict the Notre Dame football mentor clad in his gridiron armor seated on the sidelines industriously jerking his hair. The poster will be outlined in black and white, with Layden’s uniform properly adorned in the colors of the Fighting Irish. At the dance the Union will institute a new chaperoning system. A corner of the ballroom proper is being equipped with rugs, chairs, a davenport, and a lamp; where the chaperones will remain throughout the dance. These items are for the use of the chaperones only and dancers are requested to refrain from
using them.
Dophin Club Sponsors Freshman Reception Tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union the Dolphin club will present the second annual frosh swimmers reception. The meeting is open to all undergraduate eda. interested in swimming. A special invitation is extended to men eligible for varsity competition. Coach Papenguth will speak, and refreshments will be
served.
Band To Unveil New Tricks At Notre Dame
W
Scheduled to make its first appearance of the year between halves at the Notre Dame football game tomorrow in South Bend, the University military band will present a complete new set 6f formations. The band, pictured here in the traditional “P” formation, has been enlarged to 150 pieces. Under the direction of Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick, workouts have been held nightly to perfect the new drills. Two additions to the band personnel have been closely guarded secrets for the past two weeks, and were brought forth for the first time at the pep session last night. They are Eleanor Poor, Chi O, and Barbara Lommen, Alpha Chi, comely co-ed batoh twirlers. Scheduled to make their formal debut at the Notre Dame game, they are expected to ad^ to the band’s appeal giving the formations additional zest
1939-40 Dance Schedule student Union last night announced the official 1939-40 dance schedule of the Memorial Union ballroom. The schedule was arranged at ^ recent meeting of all dance sponsors and is officially approved by M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men, according to Paul
Cooper, Union president.
3,000 Students j With President Elliott and the band leading the parade, 3,000 or more students followed with signs, firecrackers, and lots of noise. A few of the signs read: “Let’s fill the Old Oaken Bucket with Irish stew,” “11 men after one (Notre) ‘Dame’,” and “Mash the Irish.” Bill Dunshee, senior cheerleader, opened the pep session with a “Boilermaker,” and “Yea Purdue.” Elliott Firs^t Speaker President Elliott was the first speaker and concluded his remarks with this recommendation for the Boilermakei^ team, “Come home carr3dng your shield or on your shield.” Coach Mai Elward was the second speaker on the program. Commenting on trouble commonly found on football teams with a large number of seniors returning, Mai quoted an article from an athletic journal concerning this situation at Purdue and Purdue spirit, “What about senior trouble on the Purdue team ? Purdue spirit will take care of that possibility.” Coaching Staff Mai Elward then proceeded to introduce some of his assistant coaches, including Red Mackey, assistant coach; Mai Talby, backfield coach; “Dutch” Fehring, line coach; and Sam Ranough, guard coach, who each contributed to building an enthusiastic and optimistic atmos-
phere.
Ted Hennis, backfield, was next introduced by Bill Dunshee. “The coaches don’t kngw what goes around in the huddle, but we’re going up to South Bend to bring back the stew,” was Ted’s contribution for the evening. Frank Bykowski, lineman, seconded the motion and recommended that they would start the season out with a bang. Grand Finale As a grand finale, the two new baton twirlers, Eleanor Poor and Barbara Lommen, were introduced. Accompanied by music from the band, the girls gave a short demonstration of the art of baton twirling. Fribley Addresses. Home Ec Classes Representing the Housewives’ League of tlhicago, Mrs. Wilber E. Fribley, president of the organization, addressed the survey classes in home economics yesterday morning at 11 o’clock in the Hjome Economics building. She discussed with them, “Consumer Education,” giving its history and its problems. In 1910, the Chicago Housewives’ League was founded by a group of women desiring to study buying problems and to discover new ways m which to become better homemakers and consumers. Mrs. Fribley holds the positions of secretary of education of the Chicago Women’s Consumers’ Council, and chairman of the foods and merchandisq committee of the Woman’s City
Club.
Campus Leaders To Aid Elliott in Drive For Student Honor Yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union, President Elliott opened a campaign for “stimulating Purdue Honor” by enlisting in his cause some 100 campus leaders present at the specially called mass meeting. A new pamphlet, edited by the Committee for the Promotion of Student Honesty, and containing interpretation of existing University rulings on dishonesty in student work, was presented to the group by
the President.
Suggestions for removing the causes of student dishonesty were called for from the floor. Among those received were ones suggesting that less formula^ memory be expected from the student, too much emphasis was being placed on tests and not enough on daily work, insufficient coverage of class material before tests, and many others. Dr. Elliott closed the meeting by asking that students make a list of their gripes on unreasonable courses and send them to his office for consideration. If the fault lies with the faculty or the curriculum, he has promised to correct it. Season Tickets . . . numbering 100 are available to the general public for the University concert and lecture course this year. These tickets are good for only the first nights of the concert. The price is $4 and they may be obtained from the cashier’s office in the executive building beginning Monday. John Carter, tenor, is scheduled to open the series in Memorial Gymnasium on the evenings
of October 9-10.
POMM Elects Officers For Coming Semester Officers of the Purdue Order of Military Merit, advanced military honorary, for the coming semester were elected at a meeting held in the Armory last night. G. F. Hotler, senior CE, Was electcaptain; J. A. Hebbler, first lieutenant; F. H. Hurst, second lieutenant; R. E. Houser, first sergeant, and R. L. Bailey, supply sergeant. Committees were appointed to investigate eligibility of corps students for membership, and to revise the constitution of the club. Poultry Conclave Eleds -^hillip Enders As Head Philip C. Enders of Frankfort was elected president of the State Poultry Assilciation of Indiana yesterday in a business meeting held at the University in connection with the 21st annual educational meeting of the associatiom Other officers elected were: Noel Shaver', Crawfordsville, first vicepresident; Robert Martin, Ramsey, second vice-president; Prof. William Kohlmeyer of Purdue, secretarytreasurer; Hobart Creighton, Warsaw, a member of the University’s agricultural experiment station advisory board; and J. W. Sicer, Jeffersonville, a member of the board of directors. The last three persons were re-elected to their positions.
Mixers will be held every Satm:day evening during both semesters except when finals or vacations interfere. The mixers on Saturday nights, a few of which are sponsored but norie of which are restricted, will be held from 9 to 12 p. m. with campus and visiting bands pla3dng. Use New Ballroom Special feature of the second semester schedule, starting on February 2, will be the use of the new ballroom to form either one double sized ballroom or two separate ballrooms. On dates during the semester when two dances are scheduled for the same night the two rooms will be completely separated mth separate entrances. When only one dance is scheduled during the second semester the rooms may or may not be combined to form a large dance floor depending upon the number attending the dance. The schedule as officially approved is as follows: September • Friday, 29—Mixer. October Friday, 6—PIA Fall Dance. Friday, 13—Gold Diggers. Friday, 20—Mixer. Saturday, 21—Cord Dance. Friday, 27—^Barnyard Frolic. November Friday, 3—Mixer. Friday, 10—^WAA .Winter Carnival. Friday, 17—Military Ball. Friday, 24—^Thanksviging Vacation. Saturday, 25—^Thanksgiving Vacation. December Friday, 1—^Union Formal. Friday, 8—Sigma Delta Chi. Friday, 15—PIA Christmas Formal. January Friday, 6—Cary Club. Friday, 12—^Xi Sigma Pi and Forestry Club Dance. Saturday, 13—^Blanket Hop. Friday, 19—^Finals. Saturday, 20—Finals. Friday, 26—^Finals. Saturday, 27—1st Semester ends. February Thursday, 1—2nd Semester Classes Begin. Friday, 2—Miami Triad. Friday, 2—PKP. Friday, 9—Interfratemity Ball. Friday, 16—^Women’s Pan Hellenic. Friday, 23—Scabbard and Blade. Friday, 23—^TAP Dance. Saturday, 24—^Mixer. Saturday, 24—Jefferson Hop. March Friday, 1—^Union Formal. Friday, 8—Gold Peppers. Friday, 16—Sophomore Cotillion. Saturday, 16—Pi Beta Phi. Saturday, 16—Mixer. Friday, 22 — Good Friday, no dance. April Monday, 1—Spring Vacation ends. Friday, 5—PIA Spring Dance. Fi'idsty, 12—Mortar Board. Saturday, 13—Chi Omega. Saturday, 13—Mixer. Friday, 19—Junior Prom. Friday, 26—Cary Club. May Friday, 3—Alpha Chi Omega. Saturday, 4—Senior Dance. Fi'iday, 10—Mixer (tentative). Saturday, 11—^MotheFs Day Mix-
er.
Friday, 17—Mixer (tentative). * Satm-day, 18—Mixer (tentative). Friday, 24—Cary Club. Saturday, 26—>Delta Sigma Kappa Dance. Friday, 31—Finals.'^* <. '^f
)i> , f,fAP 4 ^ ^-if' /z'
1 -
THE PHRDUE EXPONENT
Fridoy, September 29, 1939
Jhmttf. JoUl Let's Remove The Cause Of Student Dishonesty When our President Elliott pledges himself to do something for the good of the University, there is never any doubt in anyone’s mind that it will be done, and done right. Yesterday afternoon, this gentleman of the administration opened his drive to “make student honesty fashionable.” He went about it in a methodical but broadminded manner. At a mass meeting in the faculty lounge he pledged himself, with the aid of the student body, to get to the bottom of the cause of present student dishonesty. "Tie began by enlisting in his campaign the some 100 leaders of campus groups present. Fault May Lie With Faculty Openly recognizi^ the fact that the causes for dishonest practices may not necessarily lie entirely with the students, but could easily be the fault of the faculty, he asked for suggestions and gripes from the floor. And he got some ... all good ones ... all showing serious consideration of the subject on the part of the student who mentioned them. The first man to break the ice said, “One condition that puts unreasonable temptation on the student during tests is the practice by some teachers of not covering all the assigned work prior to the examination.” We can see that this condition might sometimes exist necessarily, if the teacher is short of class time and the course is exceedingly intensive. We feel, however, in a case such as this that it is the duty of the student to keep himself up to date in the course without the aid of the instructor. Too Much Emphasis On Tests Other pertinent points suggested from the floor toward removing the causes of dishonesty in student work were, “I think too much emphasis is placed by the University on test grades, and more emphasis should instead be placed on daily work. This would put less strain on the student during exams, thus lessening the temptation to crib.” Another student said, “Some courses expect you to carry in your head, during examinations, lists of formulae a mile long. Then these same instructors turn right around and admit that, after graduation, it’s not so much what you can carry in your head as it is your familiarity with the source of such data and information.” In other words, if the engineer after graduation is going to have at his command numerous volumes on every subject under his consideration, why not let him use these tools for learning (books) during examinations and tests. Now Do Your Part In previous years the University has endeavored to discourage dishonesty by punishment after the offense had been committed. Now we have President Elliott’s word that something will at last be done to discover the
But
Incidentally
By Petrov Will you please put down that boiler scale remover that your cook laughingly calls coffee, brush the toast crumbs out of that nebulous senior mustache, and settle down to some serious reading for a few minutes. Ah, ah ... don’t go peeking into B & B to see yoUr friends’ names, you’ve got an eight o’clock to make. >i< >i< * A few days ago we told you about cool rooms, and hoping that you’ve started a scrap book on pertinent facts, we will tell you briefly about another room that we really admire. It’s practically never open, but if you can catch it while it’s on display, drop in. It’s the Pi Tau Sigma reading room in the M E building, and it sports luxurious leather couches, arm chairs, and a radio which puts out pretty fine music, barely audible above a mysterious buzz that floods out of the loud speaker. The walls are adorned with line drawings plus group pictures of Pi Tau men. They all look pretty brilliant, on account of Pi Tau being a scholastic honorary. The inspiration engulfs one. * ♦ <(i If you want to be inspired. * * * The browsing room is another room with “atmosphere,” but when we were reading there the other day a lady walked in, picked up the phone, called one of her friends, and hashed over the day’s activities. When she was through she calmly hung up and walked out. * * * Is nothing sacred ? ♦ * * By the way we are going to revise that bromide about “inevitable as death and taxes.” We’re going to include with death and taxes C. F. Ebershoff’s want ad on page four. We’ve read that every morning since we entered the U. * * * Chivalry ain’t dead, after all We were riding our bike down the campus boulevard, and as we approached the chain they stretch across the road, the campus cop graciously lifted the chain chin high and we swept gracefully under the barricade. We thanked him in transit and made a mental note to drop a grateful line to the administration.
We see by our Sunday Exponent that Hitter blames the current war on the Poles and their barnarous activity. We are stymied, but for three days we’ve been haunted by the damndest little man that keeps bothering us for an explanation.
We fooled him last night. We crisply said right back to him, “Barbarous poles.”
He didn’t come back this morning. cause or need for dishonesty. He expressly asked that students jot down on a piece of paper their opinions on how the causes for dishonesty can best be removed, and send them to him personally. That’s what we call broadminded progress in its best form.—^R. E. I.
With the beginning of that age old sorority BUSHING well under way, we find B&B news just a little scarce—NO DIRT (to speak of). As we feel in one of our more helpful moods, we are going to tip the RUSHEES off to the advantages of the various houses. If you go in for swimming, girls — the THETAS have the beautiful Wabash in their front yard. The Pi Phis have the advantage of the open fields (and I do mean open). If you like the Kappas then pledge Chi O and you will live right across the street from them. On the other hand should your fancy turn you to Chi O then you will be nearby in the Kappa nook. B&B B&B Editor: The following girls signed up at a phoney date bureau on the night of the Freshman Mixer. Seniors started the bureau for the girls, it read: “Girls, sign here for Senior dates.” Please fix them up. La Vonne Kellar Phone 65962 Irma Hatke ” 46504 Constance McCord ” 6270 Jean Jones ” 4079 Elinor Fink ” 2823 Jones, we know that YOU ought to be out of your “Sophomore slump.” —B & B— Here’s one that will slay you. It’s a novel contribution: Dear B&B Your quest for anything, of anything, about anything of anything or everything foi everything, and by everything reminds me of a story, to-wit: “There were two ducks yiding
down the Wabash River in a boat (an outboard ihotorboat) one Sunday afternodn. They were peacefully floating, along vmen suddenly one duck turned to the other gud said, “Hi, Radiol” If you do not get the point of this joke, drop me a line and I shall tell you after you have pondered sufficiently trying to find out that there is no point, and you will be humiliated. Yours for bigger B & B (it could not be better), ■; Hi Radio. B&B Thanks for the compliment. Hi Radio, but I think you had better ease up a little on the studying.
dUm. and, diaJc By Georgann Schilling
Ringing cheers from throats of enthusiastic football fans marked the departure of the Boilermaker squad for the Notre Dame game last night. Feeling is running high concernmg this athletic spectacle. In Cary Hall a club called the WHTI (We Hate the Irish) has been formed, and the pay-off is that a young man named Sullivan is the organization’s president. Members could be seen wearing hat bands with WHTI on them yesterday. —H&H — For the poor students who don’t go to the game, life must go on around here. The Sigma Chis are taking advantage of tonight’s full moon by having a hayride. Tomorrow night the Phi Delts and Phi Gams plan to collaborate on a simi-
lar party. Very few mettibers of the co-ed population will be able to go to South Bend because of the game called Rush now in progress. So the Stadium should be predominately male on Saturday ikfternoon. —H&H — On the afternoon of the first football game here, the seniors will wear their new cords, derbies, and carry canes. The freshman lads will still be wearing their green pots. And for-the first time, freshman girls Will wear identification garb. Gold Peppers have maSe plans to sell green hairbows to freshie co-eds on the day before Dad’s Day. —H&H — We imagine Ann Sheridan was quite a World figure in the Legion parade this week. The comely cinema star was scheduled to ride a white horse in this patriotic spectacle. And the Chicago people thanked the Legionnaires for pepping up the town. Wowl What we need is a nice quiet convention like that. —H&H — Friday, the 13th, has been selected as the date for this year’s Gold Diggers’ Ball. Some party! Gals are already buzzing around trying to decide whether to ask tall-dark-and-handsome or chan<pe-to-go-to-big-dances dates. Remeinber, beauty is only skin deep, 'maidens. Yet, you may discover some of these boys are pretty thick skinned.
iurm TODAY - TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
UoisJL of the PamfuiSu
Gingham Dog vs. Calico Cat To the Editorial Director In regard to Wednesday night’s forum on the sub3ect of “Neutrality,” the speakeis appeared to agree on one main point . . . the United States must make sure that England and France win their war This country, therefore, must even go to war itself, if necessary, to secure that aim Obviously the contention is this if Russia and Germany are victorious their joint forces will soon kill Ameiican trade in many world maikets Let me make one point. It is easy to see that the above-mentioned authorities believe that the Russian Bear and the Nazi Skunk will make good playmates for years to come, using the United States as the butt of their funmaking. It is my contention that this IS not sound reasoning, that Communism and Nazism, if victorious, will soon be playing the roles of the Gingham Dog and the Calico Cat since their pohtical ambitions are diametrically opposed, and especially now that they have a fairly well-established common border. Therefore, if this is the reason for sending my generation to war Purdue Exponent Poblished daily except Monday during the aeadei^c year. Entered as second cImb gutter at the post office In Lafayette, IndiAnft* under the Act of CongresB of March 8, im, and at the special rate of P"*^® P*'?aided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorlaed January 20, 102^ Pelirered by carrier, $8 per ^anic year; by m^il, 18.60. Busineu office locatu at 812 K. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union BnlWng; sports office, Field House.
... to make the world safe for democratic trade ... I am not only uninspired, but do not even believe that such a necessity will arise The possibility IS too remote for the sacrifice involved One more point It was mentioned in the discussion that the telegram sent by the Purdue Peace Committee to the Indiana senators was sent in a starry-eyed attempt to preserve peac ethrough embargos on war materials This IS only partly true, for the main purpose of the telegram was to piovide a method for curbing the false prosperity resulting from the sale of non-contraband goods to the belligeients, so that this nation will follow a sound war-time financial policy. FRED STERNS.
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
JEAN ROOEU > WIIUAM FRAWUY lOURT KEtURO • EOOIE COUIN8 MWNA QOMREU • Coffl COUINS
shoe etyle*value few your money—^but it IS trae when jrau get a pair of our Fortune Shoes! G)me in and let ns show you these amamiig vmueSi
AN ALL WOMAN CASTEven the Horses and Dogs Are Female—in "THE WOMEN
B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St.
aI
i
, I^ Fridoty, SeptetHib'er 29; 1939
♦ ^ fxppmM St‘‘>^
Reds WWp Cardinals; Clinch Pennant
Coming tWough in that all im-'^ portant “clutch,” the Cincinnati Reds clinched the 1939 National League pennant by beating the dangerously /Close St./LouiS Cardinals in the climax ga^me yesterday at Cincinnati, 6-3. By winning tWs contest the Reds earned the father
dubious honor oi meeting the powerful New York Yankees, 1939 American League champs, in the annual World Series next week. Paul Derringer turned in an excellent mound job as he won his 26th game of the current season. Although the Cards pounded out 14 hits, Paul held them to three runs.
...SEND your laundry home by convenient Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this. It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collea”, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call for your weekly package, speed It away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to youall without extra charge* Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839 ...A Century of Service... 1939 Railway Express
BAKERY
Good health is happiness. Proper diet is the basis of health. And right there it is where Graves Bread comes in! IPs delicious flavor adds to its accomplishments.
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororities”
'maaine it! A LIQUID "LIPSTICK
Mi
Here, at last, is truly smearless lip color
PRINCESS PAT
What a thrill awaits your lips.. and his! For now your lips can have dramatic color that will not turn your lips into a comedy... by leaving them at the wrong moment. Absolutely ... positively... Oan’t smear... can’t come off unless you purposely remove it. And instead of parching and drying your lips, Liquid LIPTONE protects them .« guards them against chap and roughening... lets them stay soft. . . smooth . . . luscious! One of the tempting shades Is certain to be exactly yours. We have them all.
Toitetrie Section
lOCB&HCNC COMPANY
Swimiqprs Start Work in Earnest In order to shape up for the coming heavy schedule, the Boilermaker swimequad is starting work in earnest. Much stress is being laid on smoothing out strokes, practicing kicks and building up endurance with distance swims. Candidates for the team are in the pool all hours of the day showing a heavy interest in swimming that has been somewhat la<:king in previous seasons. Water polo practice will begin some time in the middle of October, on Tuesdays and Thursdays, when the water polo men will have use of the pool exclusively. Coach Papenguth expressed his wish that men interested in swimming and especially men who have had diving experience, try out for the team. Men who have shown ability in the dash swims are Rratzer, Green-' berg. Smith, Risser, Herr, Mauck, Colby; distance swims; Graham, Siler, Herr, Anderson, Branner, Harver; back stroke; Mecredy, Thomas, Krick, Bunting, Mott, Haver; breast stroke; Tingley, Frank, McGannon, Krick, Moller; diving; PahrneT, Briggs, Forbes. Pennsylvania State College is considering establishing a special training cqurse for truck drivers.
Gridders Leave For Notre Dame Game
Riveter Squad To Practice Today At Scene Of Battle
Riveter Reserves To Meet llliiii Tonight Beating the varsity gridders to the gun by about 20 hours, the Boilermaker reserves will meet the Fightin’ Illini “B” team at the Champaign High school field tonight. Twenty-nine members of the Riveter football squad have been named to form the Boilermaker contingent which will play in the Big Ten’s inaugural Friday night battle. Led by frosh coach, Elmer Bumham, the Riveter reserves will leave here this afternooh by bus while the varsity squad is bivouaced dt Elkhart in preparation for the Notre Dame tusslef tomorrow. Burnham indicated last night that the “B” team ftrould face the Illini with Sprowl and Elwood Yaeger at ends, Italo Rossi and Kjellberg at tackles; Detamore and Brown, guards; Pence, center; Lindsay, quarterback; Clark and Don Yaeger, halfbacks; and Schumacher, full-
back.
Completing the reserve squad will be Benna, Harmsen, Kinyon, Logan, Mizisin, Ogilvie, Shields, Silverman, Weitzel, Wheeler, Jerrell, Thom, Shanhouse, Correll, Doherty, Raebel, Danowski, and Dimond.
135 WOMEN — With Nothing on Their Minds But—MEN! See "THE WOMEN"
l-M Schedules
Golf
Championship Flight W. Knipp vs *r. M. Shead
D. McDaniel vs. R. Spangler T. C. Curran vs. P. C. Richardson I. E.^’Iinhoif vs. L. W. Labree D. D. King vs F J. Daoust F. Sarginson vs. R. R. Schutt R. McKenzie vs. A. E. Evers P. C. Templeton vs. D. R. Dittmer
“A” Plight
R. C. Jones vs. C. T. Johnson R. B. Robertson vs. M. B. Laddon E. Esping vs. R. P. Green J. O’Brien vs. J. R. Drever S. Weldy vs. G. Hamilton E. L. Armstrong vs. W. D. Gipe G. Doherty vs. R. E Bailey H. M. Bramderry vs. R. Zahn
“B” Flight
H J. Jackson vs. Glen Pickerel C. R. Welter vs. R. Ackerly A. Carroll vs. Lee Berlik H. A. Weglinski vs W. McCullough * J Coombs vs. H. L. Taylor R S. Haas vs. W. T. Wells R Mefford vs. D. Lodge B. J. Kirsch vs. M. L. Clevett
“C” Flight
W. F. Berg vs. Dick Artz P. H Weisman vs. William Orlowskl P. W Dwyer vs. Bob Swab L. L. Bushong vs. A. T Witham Tom Graham vs. R. A. Canham R. A Kuntz vs. W D. Archibald W. H. Dwyer vs. K. Kadota R. Bennett vs J. S Stewart
"D” Flight
G. Enfield vs. J. Larst R. A. Himes vs. George Ference W. J. Kay vs. J. C. Boyton R H. Conklin vs F. W. Fisher R Halloway vs. S. H. Wheeler K. B. Woods vs. T. E Shelburne TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Stettner vs. Baughman or Kamisky. Lush vs. Buenting. Conners vs. Disher.
POPCORN
DAD'S
The same big gallon sacks
PLACE
and best quality—15c
So Handy
A Pipe for Erery Personality SOUTHWORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
nDUGRABOWS
rPATENTED CLEANER
Thousands cheer smooth football playing and Dr. Grabow’s smooth smok'"g- -ONLY
^ OR. GRABOW Pipes are presmoked with fine tobacco (EDGEWORTH) to break them in by Linkmon's Exclusive Pipe Smoking Machine.
MADERYM LIMlfMAN A <
CmCAfiO
NO BREAKING IN • NO BITE NO BITTER TASTE
Deac's Has
1,000 ol These Pipes lor Your Selection
Winding up the home activities in preparation for the all important tilt against the famed “Fighting Irish" of Notre Dame, the Boilermaker football juggernaut dashed through a subdued practice session yesterday under the most careful scrutiny of
the coaching staff.
T ■III.. Embarking by bus at 8:30 this
morning, the forty-four Boilermakers making the trip will leave for the sub base at Elkhart. The squad will hold a practice session in Notre Dame Stadium this afternoon in a final ,tune-up for the season's
opener.
Enthusiasm High Endowed with the spirit of determination which usually prevails in the Boilermaker camp only once each season (in the practice sessions proceeding the titular battle with Indiana) the Riveter aggregation utilized the final home practice session in brushing up on passing, both offensively and defensively, in defensive line play, and in the careful execution of the wide variety of plays to be pitted against the Irish
eleven.
During yesterday’s dress rehearsal Brock, Brown, and Galvin, spearheads of the strong Riveter pass offense, were rewarded a surprisingly number of times in their pass slinging attempts by a host of spectacular catches by fleet-footed ends Rankin, Krause, and Mackiewicz. Lou Brock, sensational halfback, again exhibited the improvement that he has been making during the past week, and for the first time this season was able to put his injured ankle to the supreme test and match the speed of his teammates during the brisk dummy scrimmage session. Despite Brock’s decided improvement, Coach Mai Elward is still undecided whether or not to tempt fate by using the backfield veteran in the opening game and chance the aggravation of^the untimely injury.
Starters
By virtue of their pre-season’s showing, the initial lineup for Saturday’s game will probably be composed of nine senior veterans and two juniors, who also saw considerable action last season. Diminutive * Mike Byelene, one of the jimior starters, is slated to pair with ambidextrous Jack Brown at the starting halfback positions. Ted Hennis at quarterback and Leon DeWitte, fullback, will comprise the remainder of the sts^rting backfield. The Notre Dame linesmen will have to face a Riveter allsenior line composed of Felix ijlackiewicz, right end; Whitey Johnson, right tackle; Carl Verplank, right guard; August Momingstar, center; Frank Bykowski, left guard; Dick -Potter, left tackle, and Dave Rankin, left end. The squad, by positions, follows: ends, Britt, Rush, Smith. Combs, Krause, Mackiewicz, Rankin, Lehr; tackles, Dick Johnson, Whitey Johnson, Potter, A1 Rossi, Timperman, Neff, and Hobbs; guards, Aronson, Bykowski, Donnelly, Melton, Miller, Verplank, and Jack Winchell; centers, Axton, Momingstar, Petty; quarterbacks. Gale, Hennis, Shackleton, and Montague; halfbacks. Brock, Brown, Byelene, Galvin, Tykocki, Welsch, McEIwain, Kersey, Vyverberg, Stevenson; fullbacks, DeWitte, Liebrecht, Petty, Frank Winchell.
CUSTOM FINISH Makes You Look
Your Best! oia&iim-
SHOE^S^ FOR MEN
JLf you haven’t worn the new Custom Finish you have a distinct pleasure ahead of you. Enjoy being admired in Edgertons!
Qlsum. QLoihsidu J'olL Don't wait till the very last minute to get your heavy clothes in wearable condition? Send them to West Side right now and be prepared when cold weather comes! You'll find our work just as exceptional as our low ibices. WestSit/e Chamki
WBAA Today 11:00—Prof. Phillips, American Institutions 11:50—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—^Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Songs and Melodies 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—^Darlene Mahns, popular songs 1:30—Special Events Program for Lafayette City Schools 1:46—^Market Reports 2:00—Magic Carpel; 2:16—Melody Time 2:30—^Parade of Business 3:00—^Music for tho*Aftemoa» 3:30—Glenn Paxton, organist 4:0(1—American Family Eolanson 4:16—Exponent of ike Aif ' 4:30—Betty McCIean, ao|«ano 4545--Stwry Book HowlOCLCi TbwA. Under the supervision of Miss Max'jorie Case, of the physical education department, WAA women fencers held an organization meeting recently in the Women’s Gymnasium. Plans for writing a constitution to be submitted to the WAA Council were made, preparatory to forming a fencing club within the association. First call for those interested in fencing vill be made just before Thanksgiving, Miss Case has an* nounced. —^waa— Beginning this week, the official WAA tennis tournaments will be played. For the first time in the history of campus women’s athletics doubles tournaments will be held in addition to singles matches, according to Mary Mather. - Drawings for all matches have just been completed. A girl may participate in only one tournament. —waa— Beginning tonight and continuing throughout the semester, WAA is sponsoring a series of mixed swims every Friday night at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. Co-eds can swim free but men students must pay 10 cents. The regular swims will be under the direction of Miss Marjorie Case, member of the physical education staff. Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the following additions to the pledge list: Hugh Blackwell, Wyoming, 0.; Art Edwards, Cincinnati, 0.; William Greve, West Lafayette; Bob Harden, Kennard; Mark Hewlett, Evanston, 111.; Ei'vin McCullough, West Lafayette; Norman Melzer, Des Plaines, 111.; Tom Peppier, Baltimore, Md.; Bob Strom, East Qhicago. Some 70 college and university presidents are graduates of Indiana University.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT DOUBLE ROOM with single beds; continuous hot water. Meals if desired. 6 Waldron, Phone 2671.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Jeweled Phi Mu sorority pin with Mary Schnaible engraved. Reward. 2127.
LOST—Glasses in blue case Thursday noon on campus or at Tom’s. 5224.
LOST — Jewelled Theta pin. Genevieve Houser. Call 5031.
LOST—^Dalaker and Hartig the Calculus —in Armory—Reward. Harold Edwin Cook. 248 Cary Hall West.
FOR SALE MOTORCYCLES—1930 Harley 74, new paint, good mechanically, $75. Also 1930 46. Terms. Phone 2069.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
NOTICES
Sigma Delta Chi; Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7 :30 p. m. in room F of the Union. Vice-president will be elected, convention report made, and dance plans discussed. —TERRIO.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will the members of my staff please report to ballroom as soon as possible after 2:30 today ? —BRODD.
WAA Open Mixed Swim: There will be a mixed swim Friday, September 29, from 7 :30 to 9 :30 p. m. in the pool of the Woman’s Gym. There will be a 10 cent charge for each man, but co-eds may attend free of charge. —MERMELSTEIN.
WAA Archery: Archery practice for members will be held every Monday and Thursday at 4 p. m. on the green in front of the Executive building. —CASE.
Wesley Foundation; Picnic at Battleground Saturday, September 30. Party will leave Foundation house at 4 p. m. Tickets are 25 cents ; free to those who bring a car. —McFADDEN.
Battery A-1: Softball practice Friday, September 29, at 4:16 p. m. Meet at the Third street entrance to intramural field. Game Monday. —PLINER.
Christian Student Fellowship Hour: Meet-
ing in room C of the Union' building on Friday, September 29, at 7 p. m. Rev. Ains^ lie will be the speaker. —^BURBINK.
pool office by Wednesday evening. —HARRIS.
E. E. SENIOR wants roommate. Vacancy created by senior leaving school. Large room, single bed. Across from Union. 405 State. 7233.
Activities Bureau Camera Committee: There will be a meeting held at 4 :30 p. m. Friday, September 29, in the old agriculturist room of the Union, Following please please report: Bill Hedden, Charles Milner, Ernest DeWitt, Laurence Hess, Ed Moss, Kay Verner, Miriam Gustafson. —GIPE.
Christian Student Fellowship Hour: Meet- ■ ing in room C of the Union Friday, September 29, at 7 p. m. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker, —BURBRINK.
Wesley Players; Five more men are needed for parts in the peace play, “If This Be Treason.” Second tryouts Thursday, Sep■tember 28, at 8 ;80 p. m. All%aen who tried out Tuesday should come to the first reading Friday, September 29, at 7:80. —McFADDEN,
Bowling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union building Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. . —STUCKEY.
Glider Club: Open meeting Friday, September 29, at 7:16 p. nu in room F of the Union. —MILLER,
■ Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee in Union offices Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m. —CROW,
Glider Club: Open meeting for all members' on Friday, September 27, at 7:16 p. m. in room F of the Union building. —MILLER.
Gimlet: Bus leaves for Notre Dame 8 a. m. Saturday, September 30. Meet at east door of Union. Bring $1 for transportation. ' -FRAZER. Debris Salesmen: Business meeting Friday, September 29, at 4 p. m. in room F Of the union building. Important. —McCLEAN.
WOMEN—Their Hair' Down WOMEN—with Their Claws OutWHY? —SEE— "THE WOMEN”
TRIPLE XXX FRUIT MARKET Pure Apple ^idet 25c gallon (no preservative) 10c deposit on jugs
BRITT BROS.
12 Salisbury
Phone 3424
Publicity Committee: Publicity committee of the committee of 100 will meet Friday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. '—JOHNSON.
Dolphin Club: The second anual frosh swimmers’ reception will be presented at 7 :30 p. m. Friday, September 29, in the faculty lounge of the Union. The meeting is open to all undergraduates interested in swimming. —HARRIS.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committees meet in the Personnel Office in the Administration building any time after 1 p. m. for addressing Dad’s Day News. (9-29) —BENNETT, HOFFER.
WAA Members: Archery practice on green in front of Executive building at 4 p. m. on Mondays and Thursdays. —CASE.
Purdue Outing Club: Open meeting Monday, October 2, at 5:30 p. m. in front of Memorial Gym. There will be a small charge for the supper which will be held at WAA cabin. Those wishing to go call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or George Shawldns, 65714 before Saturday evening. All interested in hiking are invited to attend. —WARD.
Gimlet Members: Have limited number of football tickets. Act now and pay on line. (9-29) —PERRIN.
Bojvling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams .will take place. —STUCKEY.
Exponent Workers; The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, Tuesday; Lannon and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday: Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
Swimmers: There will be a reception for all men interested in swimming and water polo teams |Friday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m. In the faculty Issinge of the Union. Upperclassmen and freshmen are urged to attend. Swimming talks, movies and refreshments -will be in order. All' wishing to attend sign lists at Uhion desk or swimming
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Hardware
• School Supplies
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Tin Shop
• Dairy Products
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Tailor
• Jewelers
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
We carry a complete line of . new Fall apparel, including dresses, coats, suits and furs.
(^ampuA, lOsuah. At last! A slip-on sweater to wear with your new tailored suit. Start your year right with a well chosen supply of our soft-as-down sweaters and trim fitting skirts. Add a jaunty jacket, or a dressy cardigan — and presto! You've found a whole wardrobe in our smart new collection. Sweaters $1.98 to $ 5.98 Skirts $2.98 to $ 5.98 Jackets $5.98 to $10.98
Style Center of Lafayette
113 N. 4th St.
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, SEPT. 30 Ballel and Tap Classes Divided According to Age. PHONE 2150 jUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS OPENS 7:00 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
,r
MODEL H-500; Dynamic Speaker • 5 G-E Tubes • Drum-type Dial • Standard and Police Band * Attached Antenna • AC-DC Operation • Attractive Brown Plastic ONLY Cabinet • Ivory and, Colored Finishes <t1 1 Also Available.
MODEL H-600: Portable, Just PlugIn, Built-in Beam-a-scope Eliminates Ground and Aerial • Airplane-type Dial •Six G-E Tubes‘AC-DC Op-
eration • Attractive Brown Plastic Cabinet • Ivory^ and Colored Finishes Also Available,
ONLY
$18.95
MODEL H-620: Portable, Just Plugin, Built-in Beam-atsctme Eliminates Ground and Aerial •Four Feathertouch Tuning Keys • Foreign-Domes-ticReception • SixG-ETubes • Drumtype Dial • AC-DC Operation • Handsome Brown Plas- ONLY
tic Cabinet • Ivory and ColoredFinishes Also Available.,
and Colored Finish $22.95
See the AMAZING NEW MODEL H-400 G. E. $8.95
AupwAhtm
•.❖»;*:*:*..N*;.*i:w*>rt%v
MULLEN APPLIANCE SALES
Main at 8th
IT IS CHEAPER To send your laundry to the American, than to send it home (for Mother has to pay for her supplies plus postage). Phone 3085 NOW for Pick-Up. 30T5 American Laundry v.i“s,.
SPECTATORS and SPORTS
PRESENTS
COLLEGE FASHIONS
AT
^2*^^ and ^3'®^
IN
SPECTATOR PUMPS AMD SPORT OXFORDS
Sizes : 4 tQ 9 Widths AAAA to C
in Brown and White Black Blue ,/ Green and Wine