VOLUME XLVII
460 Hear Chevrolet Manager Discw^ss ^^Oppor- . • rrtt j. r 0 J 7 19^7 n>* n't r-t tt
‘‘If I were ^iVeii riiy ehdce of wofMng in yeai^ ago or today, I would choose today,’’ Hu^ I)eaiij^^ factoring manager of the Chevrolet Moto^ about 400 seniors at the fifth employment lecture of the year in Eliza Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon. Speaking on “Qp-
portuhitieS That Lie Ahead",
Dean discussed the qualities which a company expects in a supervisor. ^ He stressed honesty in the matter of stealing ideas and advised the seniors not to take another’s idea and represent it as being their own. He also told the group that other important factors in success are: the ability to get along with others, aptitude for work, ■willingness to take orders, and the ability to do better work than the other fellow. Steps In Ladder Dean outlined the progressive steps in a graduate’s climb up the industrial and business ladder, telling the group that the first promotion is most important. “Once you are promoted, you are removed from competition with an army of men and moved into competition with only a few,” he said. Speaking of present conditions. Dean strongly denied that there are 11 or 12 miillioh unemployed in America today, that that three million of that number are unable to work, and that an additional three million will not work, leaving only five million, or less than ten per cent of the population, unemployed. “It is a common idea,” he said, “that science and research are tending to increase unemployment. On the contrary, they are increasing employment by opening up new fields.” Following this, he told the seniors that the world is facing a new era in business and commei’ce, unparalleled in history. As an introduction to his talk. Deart rela,ted many experiences of his own in securing a position and in his work in general. »
Fiayshop Needs Screwy Nut F&r Little-Bo-Feep
By E. H. Dicus
In one gigantic scene, lasting for ail of a minute and a half, “Little-Bo-Peep”, a -wild-eyed nut and one of those wistful inmates of an asylum who are so difficult to understand, rises to the very peak of histrionic greatness in Playshop’s “Behold This Dreamer”, and steals the show right out from under the very noses of the leading players. “Little-Bo-Peep” appears on the stage only once during, the entire play, but in that brief interval she packs a wallop of dynamic action in her acting which causes the welkin to ring -with the bellowing roars of a mirth crazed audience. “Bo-Peep” Must Be—?? “Bo-Peep” is an idiot :-^a screwy nut—a she-devil of a woman. A being from whom king reason has fled. And, according to “Gibs”, who she is must still remain a mystery, for, as strange as it may seem, out of all the great galaxy of beauteous co-eds who adorn our fair campus, not one—as yet—has been able to qualify for this stellar role. So there is still a great chance for some aspiring lass to demonstrate her dramatic ability.
Local Florists Monopolize Awards ^ Miisicale Closes Conference; Exhibits At- ‘ tract Public Interest Flower growers from Lafayette and Indianapolis monopolized the honors in the special floral exhibit held in connection with the ninth annual Indiana Florists’ Gonference which closed here last night. Special awards to the winning floriculturists were made by the Indiana State Florists’ Association, following the announcement of the placings of the judging committee at
noon.
Although the major interest of the general public was concentrated oh the floral exhibit and the novel floral musicale which closed the conference in the Memorial Union ballroom, the floriculturists spent a busy day in technical sessions. ;' Morning Session With E. F. Steffen, of Vincennes, president of the Indiana State Flor(Continued on page d) Lambda CM Opens House National Officers Talk • At Pedication Dinner Members of the local chapter of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity formally dedicated their new chapter house Wednesday evening. A dinner was held in the new house with many of those who were re sponsible for building the structure attending. Plans are now being formed to hold a series of open house events to allow friends, alumni, and faculty members to visit the new home. Other fraternities and sororities will be invited to visit the chapter. The new house is located at the corner of Sixth and Waldron streets. Among those present at the dinner were Lloyd Claycomb, Indianapolis, national president of the fraternity; Bruce McIntosh, Indianapolis, national secretary; E, J. C. Fisher and Robert Metcalf, traveling secretaries, and Dr. R. H. Carr, member of the Purdue facuty, and president of the fraternity association. Walter Scholer, who designed the house, Karl Kettelhut, contractor, and G. M. Mitchell, active promoter for the home were also there. Ray S. Blocker, head of the local chapter, presided over a short after dinner program in which Mr. Claycomb, Mr. Roy C. Street, an alumnus, and M. L. Fisher, Dean of men, spoke.
Published Daily By Students Of l^rdue University LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 19^ Floral Musicale CUmaxeis Two^Day Conference Of Hoosier Associatioii
By Edna Hntson
Against a backround of snapdragons^ daffodils, tarnations, calla
and palms, ^^t^ Sta^ Plorists’s assotai^^ spe^oi^M d
Flbral Jdnsicale last ni^ ifl tbe ^Irbohl: of the^^ M Uhibri Build-
ing, as a closing feature of their two-day conference.
Wii^ the metto,^^ are flovrerb for every becasioh*” the shovv
opened width suggestions for St. recemihend gardenias for the knit dress worn by Rosemary Milburh and a carnation for R. B. Siegel’s buttonhole. Hope Reisher wore Newhill hoses on her purple dirmer dress. On Palm Sunday the first new suits appear. Lillian Peterson in a gray and bine outfit wore pink
, Easter Parade
A large white cross Was the background for the Easter parade led by Winifred Gregory, Wearing a black suit, and a corsage of unusual pink ragged flowers. Even the children should wear flowers on this one day of the year. For the parents, there are roses and carna-
tions.
Climaxing the evening were the showing of proper accompaniments for the wedding. Wearing a bridemaid’s dress of blue net, Louise Burkle carried ah arm bouquet of Aaronwood roses. For the maid-of-honor, Ruth Grimm wore a peach chiffon, carrjdhg lavender sweet peas and pink roses. The bride, Mrs. Alan L. Griffin, wore a white satin go’wn and net veil and carried a bouquet of freesias.
NUMBER 108
Valentine’s Day. A corsage of white ■violets, red roses, lavender s-weet peas, and baby’s breath was modeled by Jean Mohriseh and the carnation by Hubert Lester.
■Orciiids '
Mary Wien, in a dress of green silk, wore orchids for St. Patrick’s Day, while R. H. Helm also wore a carnation. In a garden scene, Betty Renn wore a printed formal with a corsage of roses, Ruth Anspach wore gardenias on a raspberry red taffeta ■with ah Elizabethah collar, and Fritzi Walkey was attired in a silver lame ■with
red roses.
For street wear, leading florists
Eta Kappa Nu Pledges Eta Kappa Nu, electrical honor' ary, pledged the following last night: E. J. Baumbach, J. F. Brubaker, G. J. Easley, J. M. Evans, E. G. Greber, J. C. Leffel, R. W. Loehr, M. E. Love, H. E. Wepple'r, S. R. Wirth.
Metallurgists Visit Kokomo Steel Plaut
Frosh Shows Improvement Physiciau Gives Roudeau Little Hope Of Recovery Despite Rally In an interview late last night, Dr. R. G. Ikins, attending physician to Earl W. Rondeau, Unwersity freshman near death since Monday evening at St. Elizabeth’s hospital from a bullet wound, stated that the chances that he would not live Were “90 to 10.” Dr. Ikins modified his statemeht by adding that if Rondeau managed to survive the next three or four days, his chances would then be favorable. In the words of the doctor, Rondeau “went to pieces’’ Wednesday afternoon ■with greatly increased temperature and pulse, and death was expected momentarily Wednesday night. Yesterday morning a chill added to the severity of his condition, but by late last night he had rallied slightly and his temperature and pulse had dropped ac cordingly. ,
Narco'tics
Rondeau has been able to take very little nourishment by mouth, but repeated injections have given him strength to carry on this far. Clear headed and conscious through the use of narcotics, he is said to have the ■will to live, belying statements that he tried to end his own life, although local police say that circumstances indicate that he attempted suicide. ‘Continued on page 4) Death Claims ■W. H. Senour William H. Senour, 76 representative of the dairy association on the advisory board of the Agricultural Experiment Station and a member of the University institute speaking staff for the last 26 years, died recently at his home 'after several month’s illness, according to word received here yesterday by Prof. W. Q. Pitch, who is in charge of the farmer’s institute. He was widely known in state and national agricultural affairs. The funeral will be held at -2:30 o’clock Saturday afternoon at his home in Brookville. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the University dairy department will represent the institution at the servicesi
Fledge Frank
Futs FiFM Active:
In Local Cooler
Sectional Scores West Lafayette 81'—Battle Grbmd 26. , Jackson 28—Stockwell 16. Buck Greek 28—Dayton 21.
Seventeen junior chemical engineers in the metallurgy option, accompanied by four staff members, visited the Continental Steel Corporation’s plant at Kokomo yesterday. Under the guidance of three University graduates now employed by that corporation, D. C. Horsman, J. T. Strawbridge, and H. T. Klein, they inspected the open hearth furnaces and blooming and rod mills, vie^wing th© manufacture of wine, naiTs, sheet steel, and fencing, N The group left the' Memorial Uni ion at 8 o’clock yesterday morning, returning shortly after 4 o’clock in the afternoon.
. CANCELLATIONS ; Students who wish to cancel assignments ■without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 14. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the registrar’s office. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Ruth Moore, University junior and member of Pi Beta Phi sorority was taken into custody by Lafayette police yesterday afternoon about 2 o’clock, charged With stealing the automobile owned by Blanche Kernel, a pledge of the same sorority. After questioning. Miss Moore was released late yesterday afternoon by request of a group of her soror-
ity sisters.
The incident was the result of a praiik by a group of the sorority pledges, who are in the midst of probation period this week. According to repoi’ts. Miss Kernel was not allowed to use her auto this week. Yesterday afternoon several of the pledges saw Miss Moore driving the car. As a joke, they called the city police, telling them that the auto had been stolen, and giving them a description of it. In the meantime. Miss Moore had crossed the levee and parked the auto near the corner of South and Fourth Streets. As she was preparing to enter the beauty parlor at Loeb and Hene, she was stopped by Lieutenant Goldsberry of the Lafayette Police Department, who took her to the police station. The police were indignant over the incident when interviewed early last liight. They pointed out that such pranks might prove extremely dangerous. They seemed especially peeved about the manner in which they were received over the phone'■when they called up the Pi Phi house. It seems that the police didn’t relish the poetry which the pledges recited to them. At any rate, the Lieutenant gave the reporter permission to quote him as saying that “I’m not the least bit interested in mice, dogs, et cetera, and I was really griped to have to listen to all that hooey over the wire before I could talk to anyone.” None of the other principals of the case could be reached for comnient last night.
Lions Club WiU Honor
Dr. Lk Mi Sears Tp Ai^ As TPoastmast^f Tickets Selling Rapidly Dr. L. M. SeMrs, ^ University history and eecmcnnics department, a gifted speaker who is noted for his vHt, wiH ^t as toastmaster for the annual Lions club banquet in honor pf Purdue’s basketball squad on Wednesday evening at it was announced yesterday by Prof, Eobert Phillips, chmrman of the activities committee of the or-
ganization.
Dr. Sears, widdy known as an after diiiher speakdr, will preside as master of ceremonies over a gala program in honor of the Boilermaker basketeers and Coacb Ward Lambert, with Everett Dean, coach of the Indiana quintet that has already clinched a share of the Big Ten title, as the principal speaker of the evening.
Ticket Sales
Judging from the rate at which tickets for the evening’s entertainment are selling, a capacity crowd is expected to fill the banquet hall to pay tribute to one of Purdue’s most colorful hardwood comMnatiohs. According to Lester S^wank, in charge of ticket sales, the tickets, which are priced at one dollar each, can still be Obtained from Lions club members or at Decker’s in Lafayette, Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafayette, and the Memorial Union desk. Among the many features of the evening will be the announcement of letter awards to the 1936 squad by Coach Wai*d Lambert and the election of the captain for the 1937 quintet. Announcement will also be made of the award of freshmanvarsity numei-als at which time the outstanding yearling prospects will be introduced to Boilermaker basketball followers. In addition to the program of speeches, ai-rangements are now being made for a number of enteftainment sm-prises to add to the enjoyment of the evening.
Dick Cisne
Scabbard And BladeToHold Dance Tonight ■ Diek Cisne And mini ■ Band "Wai PlayV Mailary Motif To Preyail: Members of Scabbard and Blade and their guests will dance to the music of Dick Cisne’s orchestra tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at the annual formal of the organization. A military atmosphere will prevail in the ballroom, with large wooden soldiers painted on the backdrop and wall decoration of the same motif. Cisne’s band, from the University of Illinois, has played here for several campus dances this year and has been well received. The band’s last appearance here Was for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic formal two weeks ago. Pledging Pledges to Scabbard and Blade, honorary military organization, will be announced during an intermission tonight. Formal pledging ceremonies are scheduled at 8 p. m. in the peasant room of the Union Building. Only members of the organization, actives and pledges, will wear uniforms to the dance. Chaperones are Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher and Col. and Mrs. W. A. Knapp. Officers of the University military department will be guests at the dance. The dance is entirely an invitational affair, and approximately 300 couples are expected to at-
tend.
Book Gontest Nears Close,
Liinceford To Play For Mixer Tomorrow Jimmie Lunceford and his nationally famous band will furnish the sjnacopation for the dancers at the regular weekly mixer tomOr row night from 9 to 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. Decorations ■will be the same as those for the Scabbard ahJdt Blade formal tonight. Bob Pugh and Jim Shoemaker, Union ■vice presidents, are in chargre Of arrangements for the dance.
Call Exponent For Game Results
Results of tomorrow night’s basketball game, between Purdue and Michigan, may be obtained by calling the Exponent office between 7:30 and 10:30. Four wires will be received by this paper, one at the end of each ten minutes of play. The office can be called by dialing 6037 or 6038.
Orval Wray WHl Play For Policemen’s BaH Orval Wray and his orchestra have been selected to play for the policeman’s ball at the Lafayette armory on April 16. The orchestra also furnished the music at the ball last year. Joseph M. Clark is the chairman of the music committee.
Entrants For Winterrowd Prize Seniors who wish to enter a library in the $100 Winterrowd Library contest should get in touch with some member of the faculty committee in charge of the Contest or with the office of the English de- , partment this week-end. So far contest entrants are chiefly from the engineering and a g ricultural
schools.
Last year w;hen the contest was originated it was feared by technical students that they would be at a disadvantage, since the more literary collections would come from the Science school. Up to yesterday there had heen only one librai’y entered by a Science student, a co-ed» and none by a Pharmacy or Home Economics student. According to Dr. Creek, the main point on which the libraries are to be judged is hot their size but the quality of the books in the library. , : Typical Libraries ! One library list submitted by a student in Chemical Engineering is about equally technical and nontechnical ; another from the Chemical school deals ■with business aswell as chemical engineering. 'Hie library of one Mechanical is divided among English and American Uterature, volumes in H. and V., and j Magazine collections of several years. The librai'y of a student in Poulti'y conceins not only the science of poultry but also general science and economics. The interviews of the University students displayed by the lists tent to Dr. Creek, the chairman of the committee, vai^ greatly~-.ma^« zines to novels, and hooks in technology to biography^wSfr-isse Member Associated Collegiate Press PlsWlintdr of ' OaUMSlA’m PICBST, Member of l^tilonal Collese Press Assoeiatlon. Sig Toil Editorial ^soclatioii ExclBsively Kepresented by National AdvertisinK Service* Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana, Deliver^ by mail. $A80 p^ year; delivered by carrier, $2,60 per year ; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student PisWication of Pordrae University
EDITOBIAL STAFF „ „ .
Editor-in^hief:— Y, ManaginK Editor — ;— — —— — Associate Editors......—.. Au M. Ghwteen, C. Hardin,
W. T. Hunt, B. H. Morris, M, G. Walther
...i.... ... ...N. E. Hays EditorsZ—.■.I..'.. „„............0. F. MuU, R. H. Walpole. L. D. Wood
BrophoTnorp Ttnatatomta . ..K. A. Bamette, J. E, Brock, A. H. Forster,
Ci Harper, Jr., R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Hsra
Bold and Black Editor....... ..W. R. Abbott
Sports Editor—.. Associate Sports
Business Manas^—.—. Advertising Manager...^ Advertising AssistantsCirculation Mam^Or-.
BUSINESS STAFF ^ .: W. A. Koch
. ; H. F. AntoUini
......... ^ Brown, B. Creek, D. O. Miller
......R. d' Hulse
i^ircuiavion mani^er— Circulation .^sistants:.... ............A. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
WOMEN’S STAFF . ■ Editor _. -.. ...:. Joyce Williams Associate Editors.- ...,; JHelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann Advertising Manager.—..... ... — .—•—osephine Perkins
Friday, March 6, 1936.
Issue Editor-^Ro P. Mamiou.
Known As ‘^RubMng It In” Yesterday’s announcement to the effect that Indiana University will not take parjb in the Olympic elimination tournament brings forth an irresistible desire to play that popular game known as “Rubbing It In”. For the past two days, Purdue has been on the pan in the Indiana University press because of this institution’s refusal to enter the Olympic competition. In Tuesday’s edition, the paper asked, “Wouldn’t it be a good thing if Notre Dame would keep its entry and Purdue would make an eff ort, and in all probability it would succeeed, to enter the tournament?^* ' It is needlefs to say that Purdue appreciates the compliment that was offered by the suggestion that the Boilermaker squad could probably make the grade and be accepted for the tournament, but, of course, the answer is “NQ”.
*?’*“*“? was created in order that Ijispoiient readers mifirht express their views on vpSous atibjects of i gene^ interest to -Purdue eominonlty. Contoibutors should send their sn^uscripts t® th® Purdue Bsponent.
This count:^ has not responded with any degree of enthusiasm to the initial trial by Olympic officials to enter basketball in international competition. In the first pla:ce, adequate preparation and forethought has not preceded the organization of the tournaments and the regulations of play have not been standardized. The rules are constantly being changed, and, even now, the place of competition for this district has not been definitely set. Another thing that has not been explained to the public is what will be done with the money collected from these various tournaments. Expenses of the teams entering the district tournaments will be paid by the individual schools, but gate receipts will furnish thousands of dollars to the Olympic coffers. Administration expenses and the cost of sending a handful of men to Germany will account for a fraction of the total gate receipts, but what will happen to the remainder? In last Saturday’s issue of this paper, an editorial was published entitled “Olympic Competition Sans Purdue” in which this institution’s stand was explained. This was done because murmurs on and off the campus were heard which contained such expressions as “chicken”, “Purdue’s afraid”, “if Indiana can take it, why , . .” and others. Those who had a part in deciding Purdue’s stand should be congratulated, and, even though it is a bit late, Indiana also deserves congratulations for her constructive re-coiisideration.
Spring is here. White shoes, coatless co-eds, baseball in the backyards, dogs on the campus, and stories about May Day all are indications. Yes, spring is here—and so was prosperity. ■
Headline: New Farm Plans Would Remove 30,000,000 Acres. Nothing is impossible under the New Deal.
Private vs. Public Utilities The question of government ownership of the utilities, power, light, gas, and others, has long been confronting the nation, and at the present time the private interests are engaged in a bitter battle against federal and local encroachments on what they consider their own territory. Particularly in the towns and cities has the fight raged, with many municipalities emerging victorious to build and operate their own power plants and lighting systems. This question is not new, but even now the old arguments are being repainted and brought forth in attempts to convince the public that one side or the other is right. Private concerns point with pride to the rapid strides they have made in developing, coordinating, and improving their systems, and view with alarm the confusion and needless duplication that they claim is the result of government control of business The example of the shipyards, in which the government built iirferior vessels at higher cost, has long been dragged forth to prove this latter point. Likewise the groups favoring government ownership point with pride to certain cities where a municipal power plant has made taxation unnecessary, and view with alarm the “exces sive” rates which private companies are charging. The struggle has been expensive, too^ with some companies spending thousands of dollars for propaganda to show John Q. Public that he is making an awful mistake when he votes for a municipal plant, or supports a bill regulating holding com-
panies.
The recent decision of the United States supreme court on the constitutionality of the Tennessee Valley Authority did not by any means clear up the issue. By fuling only on certain phases of the question of government power production, the court allowed much of the federal program to remain in dispute. Perhaps the eventual result of all this controversy will in no manner be affected by any court decisions, pro or ■Con.-' , ' , In the meantime, public owhersnip seems to be slowly but surely replacing the older private control.—W. T. H.
Of Interesit To The Humane I’m jotting down a few words about the Pive-and-Ten Cent store} if that place of business is too plebeian for your finer senses, let me suggest a psychiatrist, for who wouldn’t rather wander through a dime store than window shop at Peacock’s? But my subject is really gold-fish—gold-fish in the five-and-ten cent store. Of course, you’ve seen them there back in the corner behind the garden implements and' potted fernsv They are all crowded together in a tank .with even less' privacy than the average gold-fish; for besides the hordes of humans looking in on them, they have so many many of , themselves all
about.
My first reference to the dime store gold-fish has to do with their attraction to the dime store chef. It seems that in a certain store that worthy placed upon his menu the words: Fresh Fish Salad, 10c. Then he wandered over to the spot behind the ferns to see just how fresh the fish really were, There were usually a few of them who weren’t fresh enough to get out of his reach (their water isn’t changed often, poor things). So he returned to his kitchen with a few of the slowly flipping bits of gold and the menu was fulfilled. My other thought on tne goldfish subject deals with One certain finny creature that had the misfortune to swim into a dime store bowl arid to be unusually attractive. The store manager, noticing the pretty thing, put it into one of those tumbler-size bowls and placed it in his window for the world to see. The manager dropped a grain of fish food into the bowl and closed his store for the night. Now that was in January and, as often will happen in that month, the temperature dropped during the night to a point several degrees below the zero mark. Thus, the next morning found the bowl, which was close to the window pane and shut off from the heat of the store, a scattering of broken glass; and the water a solid cake of ice; and the fish a yellow-orange spot in the
middle of the ice.
The very opening of the doors that morning admitted a woman who,with considerable heat for such a cold day, demanded that the cruel manager be produced. Upon presenting himself the unlucky fellow was deluged with a storm of fiery words. It was all about that poor little gold-fish—the Humane society would be informed, also the papers and the police. No one could get away with such an inhuman act of cruelty as long as that w:oman had anythirig to say about it. Out stormed the woman; and shortly afterwards the manager heard from the Humane Society, the po lice, and the newsmen. However, in the meantime, the manager had talked to a knowing friend, who had assured him that the fish, being a cold blooded ani mal, was no worse for the wear of a night of solitary confinement. So the manager invited the Humane Society, the police, and the report' ers, and of course the well-mean-ing woman to drop in at his store, Before the eyes of these witnesses the cake of ice was placed in the large fish tank. The ice melted, the fish joinejd its companions, the po lice went'away satisfied, the news
Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school odf eh^nrieringy^ W announced that the 1936 Lairilrie Medal of the American Institute of Fiectfical Eng:ineers has beeri awarded .to Dr. Vannevar Btish, vice ^president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and dean of engineering. Dr. Harding was a member of the committee
which made the award.
The medal and certificate, which win be conferred for“his developinent of methods arid devices for application of mathematical analysis to problems of engineering”, will be presented to him at the annual summer convention of the institute which is to be held at Pasa-
dena, Galif., June 22-26.
TKE II®Ids Program in Hbnor Of Foiied^rs v The Purdue chapter of Tau Kappa Epsilon observed Pounders’ Day this week with a special program. The main feature of the day was a talk by Professor Lull, of the Uni-r versity staff, who spoke on the significance of the occasion. The members of the faculty who were present were Mr. j! C. Allen, Mr. T. H. Binney, Prof. C. S. Cutshall, Prof. R. Hall, Mr. C. L. Heyerdahl, Mr. Wm. Hubler, Mr. M. J. Roadruck, Mr. L. S. Winch, and Mr. C.
Jones.
The chapter moved into its new home, a renovated house at 213 Russell St., last January 6.
This is Susie presentittg to jmti the scandal of the day as a co-ed hears it (or digs it up), Phi Psi Truitt; alias WINCHJR,, may be a womari hater, but not by choice. The Phi Psi freshmen date his girl for Scabbard and Blade arid LuncefOrd, Imt to; #4 get a date for the Gotillioti. Congratulations, Truitt, try using sOme of that subtle humor of yours. She
might likri it.
Wete the Sigma Nu’s disappointed because they didn’t get to go to the Chi O tea Sunday? HELL, NO,
say the boys.
In all due respect we dedicate the following to Gould: To A College Politician Like some high crag, broad based, with brow of stone, That parts the clouds, nor from the tempest shrinks, . stand self-praised, self-cen-tered, and alone, And seems at times to think we think HE THINKS. An excerpt from a letter written by a freshman co-ed: “■ ^ and I am gaining on this awful food they serve me at the dorm, too! I weighed 120 stripped, but I don’t know whether those scales in front of the drug store are right or not.”
With no corsages for Scabbard ^ •'BMe/;;i|^maI' and'' rip' experisev for tickets niaybe our Eds can treat their dates to a Jumbo soda. Pamous 'last lines ; waist line, car line, dead line, sweet. Adeline, arid; just the plain, dlj line r “I cam hardly wait until I get home so I can
see; you—Ed.” V':,
UmgratefMl Bog jBitHa' Of Fair Benefactor Minneapolis, Minn. ---■ (iW3F) --- Mies Jean Herschler,. University of ' Minnesota Unioii employee, played: humariitarian the other day. Now she is wearing her arm in a sling.' The young woman found a halffrQzen dog on the Uniop doorsteporie morning recently, and brought: it into her office to thaw out. When it had finally recovered,, the dog got warm, and Walked Over to Miss Herschler who was busy typing—and bit her severely on the' arm-r-then ran.
Purdue Extension Meets Conservation Agents Members of the University extension department met with the agents of White, Jasper, Newton, Benton, and Warren counties at a conservation planning meeting held at Fowler yesterday. Comparisons of crop and livestock production, crop rotation, and better systems of farm management were discussed
at the meeting.
papermen left with a story. The Humane Society stayed long enough to assure themselves that it was really true; but the humane woman stayed long enough to remark that it looked to her as if the poor thing had caught a cold.
—Arthur Bradbury.
In the middle of three-hour examinations, a physics professor at the U. of Texas treats the class to doughnuts and coffee. That would be a fine thing to start here, but it is suggested it be done during lectures. It might keep some of the students awake.
Someone has suggested that we also run a series of features entitled “Purdue Poisonalities”.!Ftiday, Match 6* 1936 ' TT H E J
Last Foe For Lambertmen Share In Conference Title At Stake In Cmcial CfeiiLe Tohioih^^ ihirdue’s of sharing the Big Ten hardwood wowh^ w diana will depeiid on the dutcbihe of their last conference game played against Michigan htj Ann Arbor tomOTfoW nightg At present I. U. ia leading the conference vdth a total of eleven wins ont of twelve encounters. Purdue has been yictorious in ten of the eleven games played this season. ; Last Game For Seniors The game at Michigan will mark the end of collegiate ball for Capt. Bob Eessler, “Red” Lambert and Ed Elliott. In the game played here January 13, the Wolverines were downed, 41 to 32, in a game that was a battle all the way. The Lambei’tmen reverted to a stall in the last few mihutes of the game after they had secured a comfortable margin and managed to keep possession of the ball until the final gun. The Townsend Plan The Townsend hoys, John and Earl, products of Tech High at Indianapolis, did much to keep Michigan in the game and will be factors which will probably influence tomoiTow night’s results greatly. Lambert did a great job of holding down John Townsend when he tried his famous, pivot shots. Rudness and Tamagno, guards, also turned in good games, each man scoring six points. Gee, 6 foot, 10 inch center, is the tallest man .in the conference this year. Lambert will probably start the five which has proved to be his best combination for the most part this year. This will put Kessler and Young at forwards, Elliott at center, although Seward has shown great improvement in his last two games and might get the call, and Malaska and Lambert at guards, Michigan’s easy win over the Illini last Monday night has given them renewed hope of knocking the Boilermakers out of a tie with the Hoosiers.
m
Rudness, shown above^ one of Michigan’s outstanding defense men, will attempt to prevent the flashy Purdue quintet from becoming co-champions of the Big Ten, when Michigan plays host to the Boilermakers tomorrow night.
Michi^A game coming up tomorrow nigbtj we' think ■ niore about it thah aP.y of the , other current sporting events, but it would be well to keep in mind that baseball practice started this Week and the fact that spring football practice is in full swing. -i--gg— One Michigan athlete made the following statement in regard to Bob Kessler’s basketball attitude, “Kes in my opinion represents the ideal athlete. In the first place, he is the ' practical example of that nebulous term ‘good mental atti tude’, for his very presence seems to bbuy the Boilermakers up to wilder scoring sprees. In the second place he combine with an athletic Career, a scholastic record which has frequently placed him on the much honored ‘Distinguished List.”’ -
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING, Triangle fraternity announces the pledging of the following men: R. B. Langohr, Columbia City, and W. C. Prechter, Green Bay, Wis.
■ esemr CAWBUV ■waBaaffl of mim
MumA MEMOl TM@ absQgaemft Sites veutiou witla €e91e° phane estesios aud caeMngmesb seseem jiiterioskeepsMees amdflakeemMtex ami omecImoasK Fsevemts tagus bite, saw meudi, ^ weft heel, bad Odos, fee^eais ei^eetosation. bseabiag iai.ImipsvveB ftbe.tasteaad aromaofany tobacco.
ers Break Record Purdue’s reputation for hardwood high scoring has been considerably enhanced by the point-get-ting activities of the current quintet which will tackle Michigan at Ann Arbor tonaorrow night in a game that will determine whether the Boilermakers are to share in the title distribution this year In eleven Big Ten encounters so far this seasoh, the Boilermakers have compiled by far the most impressive offensive average of any conference combination with 466 points, an average of well over a point a minute. Although the season record of 612 points for twelve games established by Purdue in 1934 appears to be in no danger, regardless of the outcome of the Wolverine battle this year’s scoring mark is hound to be among the best in Big Ten history. In addition to team Scoring, Purdue’s two agile forwards, Capt. Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, have been establishing a fast pace in individual scoring. Kessler is well out in front in the race for additional scoring honors with a total of 146 points, while Young, a sophomore, is over the century mark with 104. Although it is improbable that Kessler will threaten the individual scoring record of 167 points set by Joe Reiff, of Northwestern, in 1933, it is not at all impossible, for a duplication of his scoring spree against Iowa in the last game, when he rang up 22 points^ would enable him to break the record by a single point. The complete individual scoring table for Purdue players who have scored one or more points in conference games so far this season follows: Name and Position GP FG FT FM PF TP
Kessler, f .—— Young, f —_— Downey, g - : Malaska, g Lambert, g Seward, c —_— Sines, f : Elliott, c — Mangas, c ; Budd„ g ——--- Bruce, f
7 14G 24 104 23 47 20 67 19 32 12 23 5 21 13 20 2 9 7 4 0 2
&
QUALITY
‘I1’0© I'■■.■■4 Featuring
■ Ricltelieit FOOD PRODUCTS
The Metropolitan Basketball Writers’ Association, of New*York, recently voted on whom they thoug'ht to be the outstanding college basketball player who has played in Madison Square Garden this year. Our own Boh Kessler, was given the honor with 37 points over Paul Nowak, of Notre Dame, who was given 35 points. It is bC' ginning to look as though the east was beginning to sit up and officially take note of the middle west’s basketball ability.
—ss— ■■
And so, Indiana also drops out of the Olympic trials. What excuse are they going to give after the going over that Purdue got from the Indiana supporters ?
ss—' ■;
If Kes can just duplicate his feat of making 22 points in one game he can heat the all-time personal scoring record for Big Ten competition. Boh now has 146 points to his credit, which by the way is eight points better than Haarlow, of Chicago and must have 22 points to better the record set and held by Joe Reiff, of Northwestern, who made 167 points in one season. ——SS ' . f ' - The Michigan Daily; refers to Kessler as the man with the “boarding house reach and the indefatiguable constitution”. We are forced to admit that the Purdue squad is not an institution for “collar ad men”, but although they all look as if they are going to conie apart at any moment—^that must be the true sign of a good basketball squad.
..; SS—
And to bring baseball back into mind, just keep in mind that sophomore Howard is really showing his stuff out there on the diamond. At present he seems to be just about the outstanding pitcher pbs sibility for Coach Lambert. . ■—ss— The Purdue nine will again take a training trip down into Louisiana this spring vacation and will probably play six practice games in that regioh.
—ss—.
The baseball squad as a whole is looking much better this season than it has for years and although not many have turned out for practice as yet because of basketball and other conflicts, the prospects look as if the Boilermaker outfit ought to have a very successful season. .—ss— ■ ■ Some of our “big time” athletes looked fine out there in the yanbus events of the I Silver Derby at the Carnival Wednesday night. Maybe we didn’t know it, but we have some fine sack racers, three legged racers, and stilt racers in our midst —^to say nothing of the men on the
tricycles!
lU Won’t Play In Olympics Olympic basketball committechieh bf tile fifth dihtiict nreyeadyJo dp: a little .plaitt ahd fanpy jair-; puUing as their big^st d^ teahis haye steadily dropped bUt of the- Jbtirfley which will he held either at IndiahUpolis in; the Butler Field B[oUse> or, perhaps, at Chicago. There seem to be ipdlcatibns that the play off will be at the Windy City although nothing defihite has been established as yet. The fireworks all started when Purdue’s Piggy Lambert announced he was not entering his Boilermakers after the team members had voted against it. Immediately the scorn of all the sports writers of this section was directed at him and he was accused of withdrawing for fear he might lose prestige in
the games. Irish Out
Following Lambert’s announce' ment came a similar statement from Notre Dame and Illinois. This left Indiana the only big time team in the state to carry on for Hbosier basketballdom. The principal reason advanced by both Notre Dame and the Illini for their action was the fact that the team members Would be required to miss too much school in participating iff the tour-
ney.
The final bombshell exploded in the Olympic camp when Indiana aimounced it would not take part in the games, giving the same reason as the Irish and Illinois. This leaves only the teams from the secondary colleges and universities in Indiana still enrolled for the matches. Members of the committee announced they hoped ^ to get some prominent Mid Western team to fill the vacancy left by Indiana, or, possibly, to persuade the Hoosiers to reconsider. ,
Billiard Team Breaks IntercoUegiate Record Purdue’s Billiard team made the highest score last night that has so far been scored in six years of intercollegiate hi 11 i a If d Sopfes had not yet been feepiy^ frbin the other schools in the inaieli Utthe tiffie the pa}^ Went Jb pfess, but it is believed that this high score will mean wCtpry. L. B. Purcell’s ;score of 106 Was high, followed by S: M. Gohee with 101, G, M, ffirntpr with 82, J. A. Maiftin with 68, and M. H. Ingleman With 57, which brought the total scote for the team to 404 points. All the matches are being held in the Billard Room of the Memoinal Uniom There are fiftyrfive other colleges and universities in the competitioni All results are cleared telegraphically through Comell Univer
;sity.. ■ ;
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alba Tau Omega announce the pledging of 6. V. Hutchens, Ham mohd, and E. J. Gehrke, Whiting.
Chemamhro Awai^ Frixe To Toimiaineni WIniier
to the winner of the< Clte»s dnb
''
tournament, the schedule for ixMeh , ’ ^ will be posted in the great hatt of > ' ;; the Memorial Union Building hy 9 ^ o’clock next Tuesday. AH who wish \ to compete must pay the Chess dub dues of 15 cents at the Union desk . . < ;V. before 4 o’clock next Monday, and :! by so doing they automatically become members o£ the organisatkm. , New Chess club cards will be issued to members, which will take the place of all cards used last semester. Last semester’s cards will / not he hmmred after the start of ’>■> the tourney. ;
Mrs. Enieital^ Women’s Quilting Club Quilting section No* i of tte Purdue Women’s club met yester^ day afternoon at the home of Mrs;: W. W. Worzella, at 2:30 o'clock, Mrs. W. B. Noble is chairman of the group, which meets every other Thursday afternoon.
Phone 4028
317 State Street
Skating Party Tonight Wesley Foundation To Hold All students are welcome to attend a skating party to he given by the Wesley Foundation at Maple Point rink at 7:30 o’clock tonight, Tickets, priced at twenty-five cents, will cover the cost of refreshments, skating, and transportation, Dick Helmuth is in charge of the party. Buses will leave the Foundation House located at 435 State Str between 6:30 and 7:16 o’clock.
Co-ed Intramural Teams Continue Tournament In an interesting and hard fought game the Kappa Alpha Theta so rority defeated Ward 4 by a score of 12 to 8 in the intramural round robin basketball tourney yesterday afternoon. Pi Beta Phi sorority bowed to the Kappa Kappa Gamma team to the tune of 30 to 5. Alpha Xi Delta forfeited to Alpha Chi Omega and Ward 1 forfeited to Ward 2,
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD taxi; CAB , Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger luijr part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
1 DEA€ HAS EYEEYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. BEIBNER' ’
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W, Lafayette
' ■ -
Risk Beiital Clinic PAUli A,MSK. . ROBERT 0. RISK HAROLD J; RISK : LUTHER A. MSK 400 Schults Bldg. Phoiie 6701 1 Comer 4Ui and Midn |
1 I Young enough to be theoretical: old enough to be practical. RICHARD L BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main SL
J PHOTOS II* ■ Enlargements 25c 1 H il | liir’s
O'^INTlNG.; ' SiaUoneiy, O R Wedding Invltalloni . PHONE * Sales Books.Eh:.,.. -2 62 8 CASSEL'S 408WERRy'''
Did you say. . .
We are makiiig Hot Cross Buns all during the Lenten Season
Graves
A Go®d Game of liiHrds lifttffigfBing. Exciting. Fine relaxation from studies. Develops your 8<en8e of precision. But a good game demands good equipment. And for good equipment, the Umon Billiard Room is the place. Gome in during a free hour, or in the evening.
IN THE
/
ywoN ' ilLLIARP ROOM ' Next to the Sumet Shop Downstmrs in the fyrdie Memorial UnioB: '‘The Corner of the CampuSf Yet the Center of College Activities’*
F
ITYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale* rent, repaired and bought; Multigraph aftd mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoflf, €05 Main St. Phone 2779.
Chamberlin’s Special Fot This Week—^Tutti Frutti and Vanilla. Order it—^it’s delicious.
, Lost—A K&E Polyphase Duplex Slide Rule. Monogrammed; Reward. Soles, 3301.
NOTICES No notices aee^ted after 8 p.
Hydranlics—An examitiation for the removal of C grades in G. E. 41 will be held from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 14, in room 216, C. E. Building. Application to take the exam must be m^e prior to March 13, at the office, of the undersigned. —GREVE.
Conditions in Econ., Hist., and Gov.— Exams for removal of conditions in all courses in history, economics, and government will be held Saturday, March 7, at 1, in room 313 of the Recitation! Building. Application must be, made prior to Giat. time at the history office. —^ESTEY.
Wesley Foundation—Skating party buses leave foundation house at 6:30 and 7 :16. —HELMUTH.
W. A, A. Basketball—Play today at 4:30 : small gym. Ward 2 vs. Chi Omega; large gym. Ward 3 vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma. —CHARLES.
Basketball Game Personnel.—Faculty ticket takers and sellers as well as ushers and police should report at the ticket office immediately for their money. —KIZER.
Y. W. C. A. Prognram Committee—^Meet in the Y. W. C. A. office at 4 today. —MILLS.
W. S. G. A.—^Announces the following as candidates for offices: president, Scudder and Copeland; secretary. Learning and Jones ; treasurer, Pendergrass and Slocum ; junior representative, Martehet and Stewart : sophomore representative, Townsend and Wein. —W. S. G. A. JUDICIAL BOARD.
Scabbard And Blade—^Pledging tonight at 8 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Wear.
r«T T7XTXrV
The fourth of the Friday afterhPon iBcture series designed to assist stutterers oh the catiiptts td-oveir-coming their drfeet Mil be delivered by M. D. Steer, director of the Dhiversjty speech clinic. The meeting will be held in foom 310, University Hall, at 4 o’clock today. In this afternoon’s talk, Mr. Steer Mil discuss research on handedness conducted by Doctors Travis, VanRiper, Lindsley and Jasper, all of the University of Iowa laboratories. These studies tend to prove that all people have a natural preferred hand. Second Part Of Talk The second part of the talk Mil deal with the research of surgeons in the country. The evidence disclosed in these studies Mil be submitted as evidence to prove the concept of cerebral dominance of cortical function. The investigations of these neurologists have served to show that the handedness of an individual is highly correlated with the asymmetrical functioning of the brain. The lecture will be concluded with a discussion of Dr. Chamberlain’s research concerning the inheritance of handedness. He reported that there can be no doubt that the trait Of handedness, left or right, is inherited but not as a Mendelian recessive. Interesting To Stutterers Since stuttering is known to be directly related to the change in handedness of ah individual, this information will be of particular interest to stutterers. These lectures are given every Friday afternoon under the . auspices of the speech clinic.
formal uniforms.
-GLENNY.
Union Workers—Our committees ; meet in the Union sub-basement at 4 today. —QUIGGLE. SHOEMAKER. PUGH, JUMP.
Union Workers---My committee please report to Pugh or Quiggle, today at 4 in the Union sub-basement. —OHAVER.
Y. W. C. A.—Office will be open today from 1 to 6 for those girls who have signed membership cards and have not paid their dues of $1. Dues must be paid by today in order for members to be eligible to vote in the coming election. —GOBBLE.
Co-ed Volleyball—Today at 4': freshmen vs. seniors, sophomores vs. juniors. —SCUDDER.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
. Today Silver Mask meeting. Reception room of the Union Building. Scabbard and Blade Dance. Union ballroom, 9:30 p. m. Tomorrow Union Mixer, Jimmie Lunceford and his orchestra, 9 p. m. Basketball—Michigan, there. ,
Word was received here yesterday that D. P. Keller, a ’36 graduate of limlfersiity in the :mechanical engineering school, will Wed Miss Alice Hippie, of Iridiaiift apolis, in Boston, Mass., oh Match 28.' While in the University, Keller was a meniiber of the 'Gimlet club, Scabbard and Made, P, 0. M. M., Tau Beta; Pi; and Pi Tau Sigma. He is a member of Si^a Nu fra-r ternity, and is now employed in the B; F. Sturdevant Manufacturing Co., in Bbsten. The bride’s parents MU accompany her east for the ceremony. •
Texans Mark Stadimm Buy
Texas University eds and cb-eds are over-flowing Mth pep, patriotism, and loyalty to their alma mater, in keeping Mth the best tradition of virile southwesterners. Their enthusiastic devotion to the University of Texas is shown by the fact that in eight days, with vigorous campaigning, students there raised $150,000 to build a stadium for the Texas Longhorns. This remarkable accomplishment was made in 1924, and its twelfth anniversary was commemorated last week by the zestful 1936 men and women. Many tales were told of the strange Ways of Rising the money. Among the most self-sacrificing methods. used were one woman’s noble cutting of her long brown tresses, and a man’s hocking his guitaf. The prize method was thought of by the girl who sold a pint of blood at a hospital for a blood transfusion, and donated the money to the football stadium fund,
Giin Competition Annual 75 mm. gun squad competition began yesterday in the Armory Mth 3lk squads, a record humber; competing. The lar^ numji her of squads is an outcome of the ihcreased size of the corps. Compbiiitibns are; between combined batteries composed of both freshmen and SQphpmores and betweeri fre^mati batteries alome The first three squade in each competition will receive medals and the first five will be awarded citations. 'The winning s<!|.aad also Ml have the names of its members engraved on a silver plaque hung in the Armory. The conipetition consists of executing movements in drill and setting off sets of firing data. Both speed and accuracy enter into the final grade.
WAA To Hold Primary' Election Thiirsday
Primary elections for W, A. A. officers will be held Thursday, March 12 in the Women’s Gymnasium. At this time the W. A. A. nominating committee MU submit a ballot. However, a third candidate for each Office may be added by a majority vote, if a quorum of active members is present. Any co-ed is considered an active member of the organization if she has paid W. A. A. dues of one dollar and has earned twenty-five points this yeari Dues may be paid up until the time of the primary. A list of all active members will be posted this week on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium.
Caldwell,’OS, To Talk On Television At NYU
Reitemeier, ’3S, Receives Research Scholarship
Robert F. Reitemeier, ’33, has received a two year scholarship for the conduct of research work at the University of Arizona bn the physico-chemical aspects of soil fertilization. In addition to the research work, Reitemeier will study for his Ph. D. degree. The appointee has been outstanding in chemistry since graduation from the University. In collaboration with Dr. Hans Jenny, national authority on colloid chemistry, he prepared the publication, “Ionic Exchange In Relation To The Sta bility Of Colloid Systems”.
Bissett With Alemimim Co.
David Bissett, M. E. ’35, is now employed with the Aluminum Co. of America at New Kensington,'Pa. Bissett is now residing at the Aluminum club in that city.
Drink' Milk for Mnre Energy
Call JOHNSON Phone 41332
Milk is your best food— it's packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
OHN|SON*S DAIRY
LOCALFLORISTS— (Continued from page 1) ists’ Association, presiding, the morning was devoted to a discus sion of new developments in floricultural research, freesia breeding, arid the application of the social security act to the floral industry The speakers included Dr. W* P. Morgan, of Indianapolis; and R. B. Withrow, J. P. Biebel, and W. V. Owen, all of the University. An address on merchandising by Earl Bowers, advertising manager of the Florists Telegraph Delivery Association, Detroit, Mich., and a floral demonstration under the direction of Willard Crain, of Cincinnati, Ohio, comprised the after noon program. • Musical Style Show The annual banquet last night preceded the closing floral musical Under the direction of Albert P Stewart, the University Concert Choir furnished a musical back ground for a style show, demon strating the use of flowers for per sonal adornment. Soloists included Eddie Mae Browne, J. R. Hammond Mary Friend, and Charlotte Stewart. E. R. Honeywell and R. B Siegel, of the horticultural department, cooperated in direction of the show. The Clark Floral Co., Of Lafay ette, captured a lion’s share of the premiums with basket flowers and mixed exhibits, while Roth Flor ists and Dorner’s, Inc., also of La fayette, won numerous blue rib bons on their products.
Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, distinguished University graduate, who is editor of “Radio Today”, will be one of the featured lecturers oh television in the “Science Progress Courses”, which will be offered by New York University this spring, according to word received here. The television work is planned to outline the present achievements and possible future developments in the subject. Dr. Caldwell, a former member of the federal radio commission, as well as former editor of “Electronics’’, was selected as one of the lecturers in the course because of his unusual experience in the field.
FROSHSHOWS— (Continued from page 1) Dr. Ikens stated that the thing most to be feared was that Ron deau would again “go to pieces” The bullet which entered his ab domen tearing through the colon and one kidney caused a severe hemorrhage, but the cause of the seriousness of his condition is per itonitis, an infection that set immediately with its accompany' ing high temperature and | drain on the heart. Love Affair In the investigation of the shoot ing, police found letters from Ron deau’s sweetheart in Middletown Springs, Vt., which said that she could not marry him. Indicated de spondency over her refusal and conversation Mth William Lukey his roommate, concerning ending his life, are the basis for the claims that suicide was attempted. His parents arrived from White hall, N. Y., Rondeau’s home, Wednesday afternoon and with few exceptions, they have been the only ones permitted to see him Rondeau claims that he obtained the gun with which he was shot, .45 calibre Colt revolver, in order to make a sketch, but police say that this is not likely.
- ■ Co»« "Norman, Okla.—(AGP)—Fraternities and sororities located in the state of Oklahoma are no longer subject to taxation, the Oklahoma supreme court has ruled after a fight by two University of Oklahoma fraternities was carried to the state’s highest tribunal for a settlement. The supreme court pointed but in a uhaiiimous ruling tliat; the fteterriities^ educhtimial,: nbn-i^bfit m^hg ihstitutioiis and were not subject to taxation. ■
Hipglaiider, ^’35j'Hets '-; Awkrd in AIEE ■; . William Ring'Iander, E. E. ’36; has been honored by being awarded the first prize for his paper entitled “Single Phase Magnet Design’’, which was presented in competition Mth student representatives of nearly a score of other
meeting ef the Great Lakes District of the Aihbricaii Itstithte of Electrical Engineers held here last fall. The paper was based bn work done ' by Itinglander during his senior year here. He is now employed by the AllisGhalmers Co., in Milwaukee, Wis., as an electrical engineer. The award of first prize to his paper was made by a committee appointed to study the papers entered in the competition.
'poR A 'cAB';
watCh; Por -tPe black gab
ALLgPAW BARBER & BEAUTY SHOPPE Bhampoo and Plhifer ■ WaVe;..„:..;B0e .. 327 State Stu and bn Pierce'St. Dial 2067
MODEL AIRPLANE ICiTS
Complete line of supplies and parts for model airplane building.
■ .DEC Kirs SPORTS DEPT. 518-20 Main St. Phone 6477
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE EXPONENT
110 Vine, West Lafayette 501 Main Street 910 Kossutla St, 1301 N. 14111 St.
..1^^JJICS Musselmann’s, No. 10 tin
35 c
Apple ; Sauce
37 c
Pineapple c^hed, n..
67e
Gll0rF10S Ked No. 1® tin
43c
RaspberFiesBi.d. NO. i*«.
59c
Sweet Peasi.^ - ■ ■ - ■ V
69c
Tomatoes No-
39c
Red' Beans No. 10 tin
33 c
Pumpkin N-10 tin :
33 c
Salad DressingSr’
STc
G'rftp0 Jftm 4 pound jar
39c
Dill Pickl0s '/2 gallon jar
27c
Vinegar P-Apple Cider. ....on
23 c
f Sunset Gold Bread 6c
8'Ac
your car needs
Efigiiie.W'orlc B@if. W@ri€ . Fender W®r!k
you 4ieed
— Accessaries —Parts ; we iia¥e them
Peter Anderson Coi
Phone 4§48..... S25 Aiahatna' WE NEVEil CLOSE