'^s
4 v-w *r ^
In Todays News • 1,100 Couples Dance At Prom • AWS Officers Installed • 19 Students Make College Who's M^o
Z><tS
Founded In 1889
9 DsilySinco190e
‘ m
3 f iy V
Volume 52, No. 159
West Lcdoyette, Indiana
Friday, April 18, 1941
Collegiate 'Who’s Who’ East Indies Lists 19 Campus Seniors Grow More
Self-Reliant
Nineteen undergraduate students of the University are listed in this year’s edition of Who’s Who Among Students in American Colleges and Universities, according to an announcement received yesterday. The book, which is appearing for the seventh year, will be released during the second week in May. Three students selected last year who are still in school are also listed,
although in a separate section. The students, all seniors, were selected on an equal basis of extracurricular activities and scholarship. They are as follows: Buth M. ^Bennett, Sci., Union co-ed executive; S. Bohlin, ME, Iron Key, president of Cary^Club and Reamers; Robert Breeden, ME, business manager of Debris; R. N. Brown, EE, editor-in-chief of Debris; A. B. •Clarke, ChE, Iron Key and president of the Student Union; and R. W. Donahue, ChE, Iron Key and editor-in-chief of the Exponent.
Others Selected
Others selected were W. D. Gipe, ME, director of the Activities Bureau; Merle Hagemeyer, Sci., business manager of the Exponent; W. D. Huls, Chl^ Union executive; H. E. Layson, Ph, Iron Key and president of the Student Senate; J. C. McElroy, EE, editor of the Engineer; J. H. McKee, Sci., Iron Key, news editor of the Exponent and president of Sigma Delta Chi; and W. G. -Meese, EE, cadet colonel in the ROTC and captain of Scabbard
and Blade.
Also included are W. E. Musser, Sci., president of PIA; D. W. Rankin, PE, All-Ameiican football end and track star; I. H. Selkowitz, Ph, editor of the Independent and the Pharmacist; W. F. Taylor, EE, president of SAA and Gimlet; J. C. Van Horn, Iron Key and Student Senate; and Paula’Zwierlein, HE, president of AWS. Last Year’s Class Three members of last year’s class, whose biographies will be listed in a special section, are David L. Brubeck, Lawrence Archibald, and Lois Hollingsworth. Primary purpose of the Who’s Who listing, according to its editors at the University of Alabama, is to furnish a recommendation to the business world of the outstanding college students of each year. Only juniors and seniors and students taking advanced work arej eligible. However, no juniors were selected from here for this year’s
book. f.i.j.
Forestry School Will Help State Conservation Clubs It was announced yesterday that the Department of Forestry and Conservation has arranged a cooperative plan with State Conservation Clubs to assist them with their problems of brooding and rearing wild game for release in different parts of the state. The department will also make post mortem examinations on quail, pheasants or other game birds that are sent in by these Conservation Clubs. d.w.o.
'Bachelor Born' Cast Again Pleases Crowd In Second Night's Run
Whole Play Relates
Supremely Jovial Mood ^
By Mary K. Boynton
A responsive audience heartily applauded the cast of Playshop’s last production of the year, “Bachelor Born,” on their second performance. Beginning with a laugh and ending with a rather sentimental scene with a choir singing “Auld Lang Syne” in the wings, the play was completely entertaining, with no dead pauses or dull sermons.
Two Novices Did Well
We were delighted to witness the excellent acting of two comparative novices who added much to the action of the play. Pauline Martin, a freshman wh<j|pi we saw in a lab play during earlier in the semester, gave the audience more laughs than any one other member of the cast. In addition to her lines, she added much by her pert manner which seemed to fit the character perfectly. Laurels should also go to Richard Kohls, whom we felt was made to be a nervous egomajtiiac (on the
stage, at least).
Congratulate Entire Cast The entire cast should be congratulatedj but in addition to them we want to thank Mr. W. L. Deam,
the direfetor.,
Aside from the action of the play, the performance was much enhanced by the setting. On seeing the setting for “Night Must Fall,” we raised our brows and thought that Playshop must bei, coming up in the world; but tonight the setting was even more effective, which is remarkable in that it furnished a light background rather than a dark one to emphasize the characters. Good Selection of Plays In reviewing Playshop’s productions of this year, we must compliment them on their selection. “Susan and God” was perhaps a little too sophisticated, “What a Life^’ a trifle top naive, but “Night Must Fall” was conceded to be the best serious drama ever produced here, and “Bachelor Born,” a light —but not too light—comedy with a good plot, good dramatization, and good staging, seems an appropriate conclusion to a successful year. A correction should be made of the article appearing in yesterday’s Exponent; Pat Frigge, not Virginia Vestal, played the part of Gris Faringdon, the “engaging little nitwit.”
Spring Comes With Poetic Umph; Tender Blades Zoom Skyward
By Betty Poole \ Ahhhh, students of this Noble Institution! Spring is springing! The flowers are coming across with buds, and dandelions push their ugly faces oht of the ground overnight. Winter woolies are slung into bottom dresser drawers—but positively! Old Sol throws warm beanis on the ambitious brainies who make the effort to get to classes. The rest <we mean the majority) streak around in open convertibles and loll on the green pastures of the Residence Hall lawn. The Student Health Service could double for Grand Central station, what with the constant mob stream-
ing in and out like paramecia in a hurry. One short block from the library (now known as Snore-Heav-en) a mighty copper guards the tender blades of you-know-what. Grass at 5 dollars a step is easy money for someone. Pretty green leafies sprout on trees, behind which of every, Ihere is a lowly wolf. Gentle breezes blow and rain rains—^refreshing to a degree, but have you evah seen a glammapuss with the wind and the rain in her locks? Student planes zoom around, playing air-raid, and now that we’re on the subject—^them that know, walk—^not ride—^to the airport. Yes . . . yes , . . spripg is quite a se&son.
By A. T. Steele SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE To Chicago Dally News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Batavia, Java—(By Clipper)— Every month finds the Netherlands East Indies more self-reliant, more determined and better able to get along without the guiding hand of their prostrate parent — Holland. New Freedom The “helpless little orphan” of 11 months ago is growing up, fast. And the Indies are rather enjoying their newfound freedom of action. Bewilderment and confusion were the first reactions of Dutchmen here when Holland fell. To many of them, it signified the end of everything. They expected immediate and violent action from Japan and they had neither the power nor the spirit to resist it. Dreaded Disasters Fail to Occur But none of the dreaded disasters occurred. The Japanese were held off by their own inadequate preparedness and fear of a conflict with the United States. Prompt arrest of (jermans and pro-Nazi Dutchmen forestalled a Fifth Column revolt. To the surprise of everyone, life went on pretty much as usual. Profits poured in, in ever-increasing amounts, from sales of rubber, tin and oil. Confidence and fighting spirit grew^as defenses were strengthened and the prospect of effective help from neighboring Singapore and Australia improved, Still Loyal It may be said with certainty that whatever the outcome of the European war, Netherlands India will never again be tied as tightly as before to the skirts of the mother country. There is no question about the loyalty of the Dutch to their exiled Queen Wilhelmina. That remains unshaken. It is plain, nonetheless, ^ that the war has accelerated tendencies toward self-suffi-ciency, which have been in evidence for some years. The Dutch Indies are 66 times bigger than Holland. Long before the war it became evident that this was a bit too much like the tail wagging the dog, and steps were taken toward making the islands increasingly self-reliant economically. Since the fall of Holland the desirability has become an urgent necessity. Honorary Conducts Ag Speech Contest Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary, with the assistance of the Forensic Board is sponsoring a speech contest on April 30 for the purpose of encouraging speech activities among agriculture students. All students in the School of Agriculture are eligible to enter the contest for which entry blanks are available at the office of V. C. Freeman, associate dean of agriculture. All blanks must be turned in by 4 p. m. April 30. Speeches, about topics chosen from some current phase of agriculture, will be limited to seven minutes. i Three judges will select the contest winners, of whom students placing first, second and third will receive medals. In addition the organization represented by the winner will receive a cup, which they will hold in their possession for one year. M. L. Fisher ... and F. I. Goldsmith, Dean and Assistant Dean of Men, are attending the convention of the National Association of Deans and Advisors of Men which is being held at the University of Cincinnati this weekend.
Woody Herman, Del Casino Offer Music At Prom Tonight Jim Wolfe, Jane Ostrander Will Lead Grand Promenade Tonight’s the night! Tfiis year’s social season will reach its climax when Jane Ostrander, 1941 Prom Queen, and Jim Wolfe, chairman of the Prom committee head the grand march of the Junior Prom in the Union ballrooms. Woody Herman of national fame as a swing, blues band, will change the tempo to a more solemn mood. Herman is the leader of a group of excellent musicians who have done justice to such high spots as the Hotel Sherman and Famous Door. It has not been good will alone that has brought Woody his fame, but also his music, the swingy type of blues which he contends is the only real American music. ^ Adjourn To Cafeteria Dancers who would adjourn to the cafeteria will find a pleasant contrast between the sweet music of Del Casino and the Herman blues. Casino, a handsome Latin who achieved fame as a radio singer, appears on the campus for the first time with his newly-formed orches-
tra.
The atmosphere of a tropical sea will surround the ballrooms. The walls will be bordered about halfway to the ceiling with a coral strip punctuated at intervals vdth small white sea horses. The backdrop will be a frothy-edged semi-circle, suggestive of a giant porthole as it reveals a beautiful submarine view of tropical waters complete with sea horses, bright fish, and other denizens of the deep. Cellophanecovered holes give the impression of bubbles rising to the surface of the sea. ^ d Novel Band Fronts New bandstands have been made, finished in oak with bandfronts of green cellophane with more sea horses. The giant door between the
Woody Herman
Student Co-ops Hold Open House During Coming Week-Ends Residenfs Of 16 Houses Lead Public Inspection Open house will be held in all Student Co-operative Association houses during the next two weekends. The affair, under the direction of Ellen Suttner, will take place in the women’s houses this Sunday, April 20, from 3 until 5 p. m. and in the men’s houses the following Sunday, April 27, from 2:30 until 5 p. m. Student members of the various houses Will act as guides and the public is invited to attend. The women’s SCA houses are: Ann ’Tweedale House, 123^State St.; Antigonish House, 1 University Ave.; Glenwood House, 156'N. Grant St.; Novadale, 117 State St.; Shoemaker House, 103 Russell. The men’s houses are: Chauncey House, 215 Chauncey St.; Circle Pines House, 225 S. Grant St.; Dover House, 41 N. Salisbury St.; Kneale House, W. State St.; Luma House, 405 State St.; Marwood House, 317 Vine St.; Owen House, 421 University St.; Salisbury House, 414 N. Salisbury St.; Wesley Boys’ House, 436 State St.; Westminster House, 318 N. Grant St.; Rochdale House, 219 Waldron St. k.a.k. AAUW Fetes Co-eds At All Senior Supper American Association of University Women will entertain all senior women-at a buffet supper Tuesday, April 22, at 5:30 in the south ballroom of the Union. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will speak on “Opportunities for Women in Unpaid Activ-
ities.”
Dean Mary L. Matl^e^ws of the home economics school will welcome the senior women and tell them of AAUW. Paula Zwierlein, president of AWS, will make the response. Vera Sehaaf, president of AAUW, will introduce the program chairman and the committee mem-
bers.
^ Senior members of Gold Peppers, women’s honorary, will be guests of honor at the supper. AAUW member cbmmentators >yiU be Dr. Louise Meikle, Dr. Marion Nea^son, Miss Jean Harvey, and Mrs. H. C. Verweibe. a.c.
Engineer Staff Elects Officers For Next Year Myron B. Hawkins, ME ’42, has been elected as editor of the Purdue Engineer for next year. Other officers are: Ralph E. Worthington, Met. ’42, managing editor; John B. Crockford, EE ’42, associate editor; Robert R. Scobee, ME ’42, business manager. Hawkins and Worthington are members of Triangle social fraternity. The Purdue Engineer is published monthly by engineering students to present material of scientific and engineering interest, representing the University engineering societies, and promoting closer co-operation among alumni, faculty, and undergraduates, w.m.c. AWS Installs A. MiCullodi As Next Year's President AWS installed new officers Wednesday afternoon in their office in the Union. The executive board for the year 1941-1942 is as follows: president, Agnes McCulloch; vicepresident, Mary Ellen Scarff; secretary, Florence Croll; treasurer, Becky Ann Pervine; junior representative, Jane McCouch; sophomore representative, Nelda Byrum. Heads of the various committees were also .announced. They are Louise Stiers, elections; Martha Doherty, residence; Harriet Simons, activities; Kay Mageau, office; Mary Ellen Scarff, orientations; Jane Van Gorkom, assistant orientation; Lynn Erganbright, transfer orientation; Jane Serve^, social. The new judicial board consists of the following: Mary Jane Bird, chairman; Betty Morris and Ellen Bassett, seniors; Helen Schickler and Jeannette Rutherford, juniors; Mabel Vaughan, sophomore. The initiation was followed by a dinner in honor df the new officers.
m.1.1.
Prom Programs may^be obtained from 11 a. m. on today at the cashier’s ofiSce in the administration building. Passports as weU as tickets will be required for admission at the Junior Proni tonight. Passports also must be presented with pass out checks. two ballrooms will be camouflaged with a water arch to complete the picturesque decorations. Fraternity Booths The Swedish Lounge of the Union has been reserved for Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Theta Xi fraternities. The new West Lounge will be occupied by Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Kappa L^bda, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta l^gma; Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Theta Chi, Triangle. In the old West Lounge will be Alpha Sigma Phi, Delta C^, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Kappa^ Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Phi EpsUon, Sigma Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Tau. Cary Halls, PIA, and SCA will meet in the Men’s Lounge. w;m.c. Co-ed Hours Btours for co-eds tomorrow night will be 5 a. m. If having breaklhst at the balls or sorority bouses, dates must leave by 6 a. m. €o-eds desiring to leave place of residmxce over'the week-end must have parents’ written permission.
The teat
SetecHon of
^ '>L »> ^
Snapaihots Make
Up Good ^
r; j
Humor on
'mi 1
the Remaininf
•,
DEBRIS
J«
. .w.
-
imt1
2-
FHday. April 16. 1941
■Ultifal
Delta Ch i
, . . announces the installation of the following officers: John Clauser, president; Lee Clifford, vice-presi-dent; John Allen, secretary; Ray Todd, house manager; and Dick Rugabar, sergeant-at-arms.
Joein ’^Round
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE — THE "DObGE CITY" OF THE NORTH!
WHERE OViUEATim ENDSJWD
DENNIS MORGAN-GEORGE TOBIAS etlZABmi EARL • VICTOR*JORY • JAMES STEPHENSON PLUS—— ————
A Pictures That Dates to Be Simple and True! IT'S FIRST RUN
" TIM HOLT VIRQINIA GILMORE oaHEarrou* spring BYINGTON
By Peggy Howard Tonight’s the night when all men fall. Or at least they will the first of next month when they begin receiving bills for corsages, formal dinners* and various sundry articles that go towards making the Junior Prom the big dance of the year. But anyway mostTjf themi seem to consider that it’s a pleasant_step towards the poorhouse. H" * + Many of the fraternities are entertaining at formal dinhers before the prom with the sororities return'^ ing the gesture with breakfasts after the dance. And, of course, everyone sleeps through lunch which takes ckre of your meals for the next twenty-four hours. Jane Ostrander is really having a prom yreek-ehd, for after reigning as queen of the ball tonight, she will traipse up to the Northwestern prom tomorrow night as the date of the prom chairman there. * * / * . It’s practically indelicate of us
-TODAY - SATURDAY-
NEW ‘‘BOYS TOWN * HIT!
• 2 yeaxs aitai famed "Boys Tovm"...c(»ne8 its heart-ikdlling hncore! The same great stars...in still greater per.formancesl
IMCr ROONEY
BEbs WATSON • larw NUNN
Starts TOMORROW
Alice Don FAYEAMECHE Carhiett MIRANDA
with S. Z. SAKAU A CARROL NAISH I CURT BOIS LEONID KINSKEY Directed by , lryii>0 Cumminp* AiNwii.Ciiittiury-fM Flrtnre
MafcTHE
yotir Summer Headquarters
OTL^ Lexington Avenue at 63rd Street New York City
to mention that there is a Saturday night to this week-end, because ^ most of you will probably att^ken Sunday to reali2Se that Saturday has coftipletely slipped by. However, for those braye souls who do find themselves running around tomorrow night, there will be plenty of activity ... The last showing fof “Babhfelor Born’’ will be presented tdinofrow night in Fowler Hall. 'The curtain will go up at 8 p. in. on this final Playshop production of the season. Several dances are also scheduled for Saturday night— The Phi KA’s are having a formal dance at the chapter house with Danny Yoder from Ft. Wayne playing. While the Phi Kappa Sigma’s will be dancing to the music of Paul Reedy and his caihpus band at a semi-formal affair at their Chapter house. The Acacia’s will also be dancing tomorrow night to radio music at their house on State Street. And the Christian Foundation will hold a dance the same night in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Sooo—aU in all it’s a busy weekend with everyone in pretty much of a whirl. But there’s always the .sobering (and I do mean sobering) effect of that Monday morning 8 o’clock to help put us back in that educational groove again.
TAe A Colllltlil
Hitler, it seems, has formally recognized a ilfeW cbiintry. Where Yugoslavia is.- Now we doil’t want tb tell Adolf how to run his country, but it seems to us that he’s irtaking a bit of a mistake. After all, Goebbels ought tb hdve & chbhbfe tb amhilkte the Yugoslav Army . . . ■ , ' / . . . ' " Three otTourmbie tllttfes. And besides. If he starts to make a habit of it. One of these mornings we’ll wake up and find that Wb . . . Have a new President. According to Berlin. And speaking of Adolf, When he borrows a country. He always gives the most novel excuses. In fact, after ever, since Denmark, Norway, and Belgium. We’ve been expecting Adolf to take New York-. . . Under protective custody. ■; * * .,* Oh account of racial problem. **■*■'■ The Russians have been busy signing ihofe tfeatifes. Personally, we’d hate to have to sign a treaty with Russia. Not that we don’t trust Comrade Joe. But in our opinion. If he could think of a Way ... To double-cross himself, he’d do it. ■ . ■* * ' The Nazis are publishing a list of all the Gfebk towns they’ve capture'd. Now we don’t want to be
farette,' Indixnsi under the act of ConsreM of Mwen S> 1979, And..st tbe •pedal zatef of poatase provided for. m lotion llOS, act of Oetdber S, 1917,. authorised Janoiny 20, 1922. hublished.daily.except Monday: durins the resnlar academic year, and .weekly dt^rins the Sixnwier SesBtop. Delivered .locally by carrier , for $8.00 per j^ear, msil iUbseription, 88.60., Kditor-llfCIiief...L..........„.„...„.......:........ ....R, W. Dohehtth Bnaineas Manaser., i .:...:...........Merle Hacemeycr PublicalioN Staff Mews BditiJi’.....™. ,jJ. H. McKee MBhaeinE ■ ;.__D. K. Hhiple A&odate M. A. O^hiTtree. J. A. PurceU, L. W. . Ruffner, R, M. Skallerup, J. I,. Traugott Business Staff Iiooal Adv^disinpr Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. liAndere; Ptoinotion Manager, .0, F; Dahglemajer: AOcoUhtS Manager, R, i. Shadfdird : Circulation Manager, K. M. Rdcktenwald. Cored Staff Editor...... _.... ........... — .:Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, RUth Rose, Donna Siess. . Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson,..R. O. Swaim.
>05; i/tS
SjtortSjL792
Represented for national advertising by National Adyertis.ing. ‘Serriee, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madisoh Ave., NeW Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Zinski . . Day Editor: Bototoft Issue Editor: Roswinkle Sports Editor: Swaipi Staff: K. A. Klossoii, M. L. Losey, A. Chatfield, F. 1. M. K. Boynton, R. R. RunUiOn, D. W, Ochiltree, B. Poole, W. M. Clark, J. S. Dawso.n, R. W. DeMars, R. L. Miller, D. Butz, V. Bturaon, T. Novey,
csmical. But we would put this list in abbut the same class. As the list of voters . , In a Chicago election.—oia ^
Professor Gilbert Lueninghoeher of Midland college is directing construction of a' Richest-Field type reflecting telescope, designed especially for study of the Milky Way.
ARC
TODAY Thru sat. CHAPIFS
■ —AND— ■' Cursed with the urge to Idlll
A COLUMBIA PlCtUU
ALBO'.
''Winners of the West" First Run PaHie News
Prof.T.K.Noss . . . and Dr. J. Roy Leevy, of the '“division of education and applied psycho(logy, will appear on the program of the Ohio Valley Sociological Society at Ohio State university on April 26 and 26. Nobs will speak on “Informed Social Change As Illustrated by Fashion’’ and Leevy will discuss “Housing of Low Income Groups in Industrial Communities.”
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Cbnfent of Our White Breads to Average >Vhole Wheat Leveli by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
BAKERY
Let's Clear The Smoke To convoy or not to convoy=^that is the question before the people of the United States in the person of their duly elected representatives. And there seems to be considerable' confusion on the point. The Purdue Peace Committee would remind us that 83% of the people in the country are in favor of peace, this according to Gallup’s poll. On the other hand, 85% are in favor of aid to Britain and 54% were in favor of the Lend-Lease bill at the time of its passage. Perhaps this isn’t inconsistent but somehow we find it hard to reconcile ourselves to the fact that "aid to Britain’’will keep us out of war. * We believe that some of the people are refusihg to face facts but are recognizing only those things which appear pleasant. We find it difficult to help Britain win the war with material aid if we let that aid rot oh our docks. Mind you> we are hot advocating convoys but the plain unvarnished truth is that since we’ve expressed ourselves as favoring aid to Britain in the LendLease bill the least we can do is make a reasonable attempt to see that Britain gets it. Actually, 100% of the American people are opposed to war or should be if they are civilized, "nie 17% Who were nbt ih favor of peace'in Gallup’s poll were merely recdghizirig the fact that they wanted Britain to win more than they wanted peace. That it sebms is the real issue. But this sham of keeping out of war by pretending to giVe aid is only putting ohe’s head under the covers during a thunderstorm. We have already committed ourselves to aid the “dehlocracies.’’ We have chosen the course to pursue. Let’s not pretend that we can ride the middle of the road.
This Summer Visit New York and
Personal classified ad in the Daily Northwestern: TOTO TO GARGANTUA: “Yoii should have knoWh that I Would have been glad to be with you to the I-F Ball.” Toto.
Teams Will Play Second
NewYork’s Most Exclusive Hotel Residence For Young Women For the young woman who wants tb launch on a career the day school closes ... for the undergraduate planning to, take summer courses . . . or the vacationist who appreciates the added features of il Neiv,' York holiday. The Barbizon, with its air of luxury living, its versatile program of cultural puireuits ah J physical activities provides the perfect background . . . a complete library ... art and music studio^ (equipped with Steinway .Gxhnda)--.!.. ... Bwiinmihg pool, snii deck khd eolaria, squash courts . . . gymnasium ... 700 rooms each with a radio, TARIFF. Fxoib per day iHXirr. $12.00 per week Write for descriptive booklet C
■shaver!
I . .'. Hollow.GEduha for I faster, amoother ahavas
I I I I
I
What better gift for Dad than a‘ 8chick Colonel^—^the electric shaver that gives 30% ijuicker shaves With no muss, scraped, burns or hicks? dther hibdels froth
10.95 to $1L50.
■ Why not get started oh your Career this Supimer? By Fall most of the good jobs will be snapped Mp. UNDERCLASSMAN? . . A Shipilier' job noth can be wonderful experience for later! And New York abounds with all sorts of helpful courses for your chosen career. litKELY MGAtlON-MINbED?. There’s no more thrilling place to spend a Summer than New York, with its •hops, theatres, museums, nearby beeches. , , Plan to stay at The Barbizon, Neiv York’s most exclusive hotel residence for young tvomen. Its splendid location ... versatileprogram of Cultural pursuits and physical activities .. . provide th^ perfect bacfc^ouhd. Coipjplete library,'.. art and music ^tudipa, (equipped with Steinway Grands) . . . swimming jfKiol i . . sun deck and/spldria . . . squash cpufts . . . gymnasium . . .700 rooms each with - radii).
I
lAkiEF From $2.50 per day From $12.00 per week Write for descriptiile booklet C.
$10 Whrth of Lettons in Arthur Munrtiy Danco Book Oeiierouc Jdr of Odorbho Cruom
r- If the dimcijns in^ii:H<;dons In this new Arthur Murray Dance Book wete given in his private studio it would cost , $ 10! See bow easy it is to leara! 4«»d,see now eSsy it is to nolSJ your piriner when --
yon use ODORONO CRBAM!
tkE dDORciNb ico., iNc } P. O. Bbx C, New York, N, Y, | ■ Send me the pew Arthur Mpmw pance i Bppk and', generous introductory >ar of
Bridge Round Tomorrow At 1:30 tomorrow Afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union, the second qualifying round of the allcampus championship bridge tournament will be played off. Ih order to enter the semi-finalsj all teams entered in the tourriameht must play in this second round. All teams, togardless of their scores in the fihst round, may still qualify for a place in the first semifinals, although those teams that finished below the half-way mark ih the first found must place above that mark in the tourney tomorrow. Teams that finished ih the upper half, of the first found must play again tomorrow in order to retain their standing, but they are already automatically Qualified for the seihifihal gaines. Individual players on the higH' scoring teams will be awarded chf-i tons of cigarettes, m.1.1.
MiKappa
vrt^
JORONO eRl,„_ cpyer printiup, mam
New York’* Most Exclusive Hitiel Residence For Young Women Lexington Avenue at 63rcl Street New York City
I I
I Name.
I I i
1
[. I e“ckse,25)< t« and banaung.
AdJre
-State-
City- — _ J ^
... social ffaterhity, arinounces thb election and installation of thh' fbllowing officers: President, Rbgef Ferref; Vice-President, JaiheS Cuftih; Tfeasurer, Joseph Nemeth; SefefetarK Rbbeft Brock; Kusb Chairman, William Gbughlin; Social Chairman, Joseph Simmons, Steward, John Dolson,K0-
<■ t'r* >
k ' f
N *
S^u^duA. £xpimaUL
’'(* ■' '"‘j. x''
Friday, AprU 18, 1941
* « j I '' f'^yi •• .. “'•'IW , fi^ <■!
(pa^tt, 3-SfiafdA.
■li^lWIIII^I
Diamondmen open Big Ten Season Today
Oiiio State Braces For Boilermaker Two Day invasion; Don Blanken Likely Hurler With stormy weather following closely behind, 6oach Fehring and a squad of 16-Riveter baseball players embarked yesterday afternoon at 3 o'clock for ColUfalbus, Ohio, and a two-game series with Ohio State. After experiencing a great measure of success in non-conference ^ames, winning eight out of ten, the Riveters open their Big Ten season this afternoon at 4 o’clock against the Buckeyes. The other contest will be staged tomor-
row afternoon.
. Fehring’s choice of starting
hurler for the Riveters in today’s tilt is an uncertainty. A likely possibility is Don Blanken, righthander who pitched oh a par with the Notre Game hurler when the t^o teams scrapped ten innings io
a 3-3 tie, last week. Bulkier Uncertain
Hoivevdr, Le^fheit might not be ready for service after his siege of strep infection the first of the week. Probable starting hurler in the Saturday _^ame is Walter Janisch, sophomore who works in the outfield when he isn’t chucking the ball
from the mound.
By virtue of his extended bombing of enemy pitchers for base hits, slapping the ball safely seven of his last nine trips to the plate, George Doherty is assured of a starting post in the gardfeh. At the outset of the season George was doing more base-coaching than actual playing, but his heavy stick-work later drew him a starting post.
Doherty Leads
The most stable batters on the squad at present are Doherty, McFerren, Janiscb and Byelene. Each v having/ performed in seven games or more, they all support batting averages of .300 or over. Doherty has connected at the rate of .471. Two notches below is McFerren, .469; Janisch and Byelene are batting: .3^3 and .300, respectively. Players who made the trip to Columbus are as follows: pitchers— Blanken, Emmert, Janisch and Leifheit; catchers—Fisher and Young; infielders—Cook, McAdams, Mcl^erren, McCaffry, Myers and Rawles; outfielders—Byelene, Carson, Doherty and Waterhouse, r.o.s. I M Schedules
MASS GOLF Friday, April 17
Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Tau Omega,'Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Alpha Mu, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi," Sigma Nu, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma rt, Tau'Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi, Theta Tau, Theta Xi, Triangle, Phi Gamma Delta, Delta Chi,
Rivefers Prime For Intrasquad Game Saturday Mai Elward is very pleased with the precision football displayed by his team in last Saturday’s intrasquad game. “The boys are rapidly reaching the peak of conditioning and timing that we usually expect of them in the fall,” he commented.
Frotsh Shine
Three freshmen looked like varsity timber to Mai, Barry French, huge frosh tackle from Sioux Falls, South Dakota, threw his 240 pounds at opposing b|icks with much effectiveness, Ray Stoelting and Bob Johnson iierformed creditably at center, Mai thinks these lads are potential varsity timber, for they are crowding such first-stringers as Italo Rossi, Pete Timpermdn, Alex Leugo and Prank Ruggieri. Most of the backs who were outstanding are first and second year mfeh. Rhinie ball-carriers Kenny Smock and Bobby Hajzyk put themselves in the spotlight as future stars. Smock was effective in the running and kicking departments and Quarterback Hajzyk excelledin directing plays, blocking and teeth-jarring tackles. Some Changes Made Tony Berto and Rocky Snyder (of the Massilon, Ohio Snyders) have been improving with each practice. Usually a quarterback, Snyder has been shifted to the fullback position and seems to feel at home there. Tony continues to stage a battle with John Galvin for the squad’s foremost passer. Several plays in which the lineman carry the ball have been added to the Riveter strategy board and it is hoped they will be successful as occasional surprise tactics. Yesterday’s drill was given dver to timing, ball-handling and footwork for the backfield men, while the linemen worked on blocking assignments, defensive charging ahd protecting the passer and thfe kicker. The candidates separated into groups, ‘with the forwards going through a line scrimmage and the backs, running in relays, receiving instruction in backfield maneuvers. The new ruling alloiidng the bdll to be handed forward any place behind the line may spebd Up the offense and give the linemen a Chanbe to handle the leather Oval. Mai announced that a 1&44 guard from Washington tl. on the Racilic Coast has enrolled kete at sOhool. His 206 pounds of avoirdupois should give the Elward-boached
eleven a good man, but his name, De Francisco, is enough to give any typewriter a case of convulsions. Regular Game Saturday Saturday’s game will be regulation in all respects and will start as soon as the track meet with Butlet is concluded. In order that the two events will not clash in the matter of times, the Bulldog encountter will start at 12:30. o.t.c.
POrCORN
DAD'S PLACE
$ACK 5c--GALLON t5e
So Handy
• Spring savings in Drugs. • "Model Headquarters—Ships, auto and Airplanes. • Fresh Strawberry Sundaes. Pitrkin^ ih Hear Free DeUver^ OimilSIlY DUC CO. Next to Post Office N. J. Arth ’^7 to. N. tohnseU ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
Riveter Trackmen Play Host To Butler In Meet, Tomorrow Although driven inside by the heavy rain yesterday afternoon, the Riveter trackmen were able to continue their workouts in preparation for their forthcoming meet with Butler at 12:30 Saturday afternoon in Ross-Ade stadium. A victory over the Bulldogs Saturday would be very appropriate since Coach Phillips was head track mCntor at the Indianapolis school before coming here; also, because the present coach of the Bulldogs, Ray Sears, was one of the grhatest trackmen ever turned out by Phillips. Potent Ralf-Miler This year, as always before, Butler has one of the best track teams in the Indiana Conference. Captain Stewart in the half mile has been a consistent point getter for the Bulldogs; he should be able to give Jentsch of the Boilermakers a tough battle in his favorite event. The Bulldogs also have one of the greatest hurdlers in the middle west in a sophomore lad by the name of Ray Alsbury. He has emerged victorious in almost every meet entered so far this year, so he will undoubtedly be gunning for this one. Nahmias, a quarter-miler, is another potential point getter for Butler. UniYersityClub . . . bridge group will meet for the last time Monday evening, April 21, at 7:30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Prof. E. F. Degering of the chemistry department is in charge. Annual jirizes will be awarded at this time and everyone is urged to attend. ^
Golf Team Faces Detroit, Today, In Season Opener A sudden cloudburst, yesterday afternoon, that sent down torrents of driving rain put a halt to any practice the Boilermakers had in mind in preparation for today’s schedule opening match with the University of Detroit. Untested Team ■
Irishaai’i lllasiiM
Finding it impossible to make the usual southern jaunt that included many conditioning matches for their regularly scheduled season, the Riveter linkmen will be playing ’ under somewhat of a handicap as they match sho^s with their northern rivals this afternoon. However, the situation is not as bad as it may seem, for considering the cards turned in during the various practice rounds, all indications point towards a more well rounded outfit than last year’s team. Coach Harry Allspaw is keenly Red, Blue Fiuolball Teams Clash Again Tomorrow Ross-Ade stadium will again be the scene for battering activity tomorrow afternoon. At about 2:30, a Red team will clash with a Blue, as the football squad, divided, practice by the weekly inter-squad competition. Plenty of substitution may be expected, for it is intended that each player should see action. Last week’s game, which ended by a crushing score of 40-0, was characterized by frequent replacements in all positions. In the back-field. Brock, Andretich, and Hajzck looked very competent in their positions. Powers, sophomote tackle, who suffered a broken ankle last year, was another who made a good appearance.
BRITT
,———— BROS'. FRUIT
MARKET
N. Salisbury—On State
Phone 3424
GARDENIAS
/
Large White Flower 25c per FloWer
3
CUT JONQUILS
25c Bunch
the Purdue Exponent Service ^ DireotorY.
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHfR A. RISK DR. HAROLD J.RISK -4th e Math Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Evterythlng for a ' College Education
• Hardware
/ « s Sperjb. Hardware Quality M^e.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• jewelers
• t'ailor
Hays jewelry ^o. Fine Jewelry ^ at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Spditeiidahl Tailor I'c^ler Hotel iutlding SUIT and^ TOPCOAT - $30 and up
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAllTt MILk Phone 462H
Keys and Locl«Keys for trunks, door locks, desk \ockM, night latches and pMlocks. Auto keys e specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAURTS aoKii M.jthst. PiwMiiaf
interested in the results of this first match, for from them he will ^be able to judge the individual performances of three newcomers to the squad-who have shown unusual promise in practice thus far. The three who have made the best impression on Allspaw are Rogers Schutt, a sophomore from Indianapolis; Wade Knipp, a Hammond senior, and Dave Dittmer, a junior from Wajren, Ohio. Five Veterans Forming the nucleus of the squad are five returning lettermen from last year’s team that batted about .500 in tfie season’s competition; cocaptains George Dahl and Bob McKenzie ably supported by Bob Hoffer, erstwhile captain; Doug McDaniel, and Charles Curran. The match is to be held at the West Lafayette Country Clul^ and considering that this is their initial effort it is hoped a large crowd of students will be on hand to lend encouragement to their team. Following the Detroit match the Boilermakers will play host to the Irish of Notre Dame. Both the matches are scheduled to begin at 9 a. m., with the morning session devoted to the'doubles play, and the afternoon clashes single affairs, r.w.d.
By JoMph Patriek Dolan Tonight is prom night, and as usual the week-end sports for Purdue teams will sufferno little stress and strain from the encfarance contest over in the Union Building. Butler, if probably stimulated, will really give the Purdue track team a real scare,, because those Indianapolis kids are no pikers on the cinders. Dutch Fehring got his basebaB team out of town in time to misi the prom, the team leaving early yesterday for the Ohio State campus—^where the conference rat race starts. Playing the Buckeyes over there has always been a stumbling block for the visiting Purduvians, but the recent hitting of at least five men on the Purdue team gives the Gold and Blacks something to at least bet on. —I-I— The happiest men on this campus today are the fellows who received major letters for swimming this year at the swimming banquet the other night. It’s quite a thrill to wear that big letter when at the start of the season you were working for a miniature production. We were talking to a group of young men yesterday who are interested in getting the grand ^1^bang game of ice hockey here on this campus. This game, by fgr the most spectacular of all the hody contact sports, is a real hit in Eastern schools and at a few of our North mid-Westem places.
MEET and
EAT
AT WAi APn
rM’c
• BREAKFAST
• LUNCHEON
m DINNER
• REFRESHING TREATS
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREEI’S
DRUe STORES
410 Main Street
NEXT TO aSYSilF,
EXCLUSIVE 'WITH
•B.V.
SO*
• At last« hcfc's a knitted dioit that gives st^pmt to vital areas aid Aiwft gida^ Ir. Tiie tecrar it a ^tch taaert madt elAstie<OMe cotton. Soft,, tootftmg st^pon no matter how many times j/on trash or wear “Breva.** 4a aa4MMnr iftp igNjgpIbr
MKIMAlNk
. 4W(paq&, 4 - ^stmfuxL
Friday, April 18, 1941
pjyuulutL £xpmuini.
YMCA Conference Dr. Strauss Discusses Great Lakes Officers
Marriage Viewpoints From Training Schooi
To Interview Students
Begins Tomorrow With Planned Tour Tomorrow the Tenth Annual State YMCA Conference will get underway when the group starts •registering in the YMCA building. A carefully planned tour which will include the airport, the Field House, and the Armory will be highlighted by an inspection of the Hall of Mu-
sic.
The keynote address will be given Saturday afternoon by Judge W. Lyhn Parkinson. Faculty men and community leaders will lead group discussions at the close of the address. “Dusty” Miller, Dr. L. S. Robertson, and Dr. Elliott will be on hand at the main banquet Saturday evening. The program will be featured by special music. A “Draft Dance” will be held at the close of the banquet. The meeting will end at 1:30 Sunday afternoon when Professor Phillips, of the University Department of History and Economics, makes the closing address. Mixed Recreation . . . will be held in the women’s gym tonight fi^m 7:30 until 10. Eds and co-eds are invited to participate in games of ping pong, badminton aiid shuffleboard. The pool will be open, and the usual ten cent fee will be charged, m.1.1.
“Marriage from a Woman Physician’s Point of View” was the subject of Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss’ lecture given last night at 7:30 in the Education Building. This marital lecture was the last of those sponsored by AWS. Dr. Strauss discussed marriage failures, regarding them as a type of disease which could be analyzed and dealt with. She listed six types of this illness which often attacks women who are discontented with marriage. The types were the waiting attitude, the sense of inferiority, the feeling of belligerence, the sense of futility, and desire for roraance. She analyzed these types by relating them to four different^ schools of thought: namely, the anthropological, the economical, the historical, and the psychoanalyst’s approach. Dr. Strauss also addressed the senior men yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock, m.1.1. All Students . . . are invited to attend a dance given by the Westminster foundation at the new Westminster church this evening. The party will be comprised of dancing, refreshments and dates and will last from 7:30 till 12 mid-
night.
Dress will be formal or informal, depending on the discretion of the couple, t.b.n.
Naval officers from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station will interview students who have completed at least two years of college on Monday, TiStesday, and Wednesday at the Health Service for the purpose of choosing men for flight training. Appliaants will be given an interview and a physical examination. The naval board is attempting to organize an all-Purdue unit to be called the “Plying Bajlermakers.” Approximately forty men are needed for the unit. The age limit has been set from 21 to 27. In addition to this program Commander P. M. McWhirter, commanding officer of the Third Naval Reserve area, will speak to University students concerning the opportunities now offered in Naval Aviation at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 22, in the EE building. A motion picture, “The Eyes of the Navy,” will accompany the address. The new course of training in naval aviation will be explained at this time. Following the talks a discussion period will be held, during which Commander McWhirter will answer any biuestions on the projects planned for accepted applicants. t.b.n.
Sport the Hi-Style you’ve always wanted at a price within your pre- / sent budget , . , just use Regular Sanitone Cleaning. Phone for Pick-Up Now!
SlSS? American Laundry
3085
RLAN'S Main Street at 4th Be Lovely! The bewitching allure whihc you may have envied in others can be yours . . . It’s a simple trick, really. All it takes is your own natural charm ^ and the shill of— Alan’s Operators
Bcduti^ Salon
Permanents $3.50 up
For
Appointments, and all Cosmetic Needs Dial 4287
Continuous Soft Water
Budget worries? Not at Piggly Wiggly! See the difference your dollars make by shopping with us. We sell the best for less.
JhiL Tbiw SuprUL Tlflahlud. at 720 Northwestern Avenue Is Open Every Friday and Saturday Until 9:00 P. M.
—Front'All Fronts—» Today's Summary Of War News To CMknco DaUy M«w« Fomicn aMpriee. OopriWrt. 1»40. CUmso nsUjr lf«ws. Ice, • New Air Blitx London was blasted Wednesday in what William H. Stoneman calls “the greatest air raid of all time.” Until dawn this morning “they attacked from great height and from low down and occasionally they swooped down through the balloon barrage to get their shots home.” * * * • German Reprisal Lord Stamp, leading economist, and Lady Stamp were among the mgny—so far uncounted—^who were killed in the raid on London. The German high command said the attack was a “reprisal for the British destruction of the cultural and historic section of Berlin on April 9.” * * * • Bremen Hit Hard Bremen felt the heaviest force of the R. A. F. attacks on northwest Germany Wednesday, the London Air Ministry said. Loud explosions from across the channel, in the vicinity of Calais and Boulogne, were heard in Folkstone and from this it is believed that there were forays on the French invasion coast. * * * • German Pressure Increases Reporting on the situation in Greece, the British Middle East headquarters in Cairo said yesterday that “enemy pressure all along our front is increasing.” The Nazis have penetrated 70 miles into the country, it was admitted in Athens, with the Allies resisting “tenaciously.” * * • Nazi Losses Heavy “There are reports of a sudden and effective British thrust at the rear of the Italo-German column in this (Salum) area,” radios Robert J. Casey from Cairo. He adds that
Cany to Tub— Roady For Wear l» iho Morning.
compare THESE FEATURES WITH EVEN HIGHER PRICED SLIPS * Made by LORRAINE of a finest qualify Tr iq u e Stripe knit rayon fabric >^ith runstop stitch. TWO STYLES * California Top, doubled front and back. * Double bra-top with elastic back. * Seams tailored wHh dressmaker finish. V Shadow panel. * % inch hem. * Colors: Tea Rote, White, Black. i * True sizes 32-44.
THIEHE & WAHGERIN CO. 622-626 Main Sh Lafayette, Ind.
Freshmen, Sophomores May Obtain Petitions For Student Senate Positions Petitions f^r representative positions in the Stu4ent Senate will be available to* all freshmen and ^ophomor^s on Monday, April 21, accprding to an announcement made yesterday by Senate ofiicials. The students chosen at the coming general election will serve as next year’s sophomore and junior representatives from their respective schools. Freshmen will choose their sophomore senators as follows: one from home economics, one from science, one from agriculture, four from allengineering, and one from pharmacy and physical education combined. Sophomores will choose their junior senators ^n the following manner: one from agriculture, one from science, one from home economics, one from chemical and metalurgical engineering combined, one from mechanical engineering, one from electrical engineering, one from pharmacy and physical education combined, and one from civil engineering, public service engineering, and Trade and Industrial education combined. All petitions are due Monday, April 28, and must have at least fifty signatures of members of the same class and school as that of the petitioner, f.i.j. Alpha Chi Omega . . . social sorority, announces the installation of the following officers: Betty Briscoe, president; Kay Murphy, vice-president; Beth Partenheimer, secretary; Jane Ballard, treasurer.
competent neutral sources say the 40 per cent of the tank strength with which the Nazis started has been blasted. • European Standards Set “Wartime demands for labor and material are forcing the standardization throughout Europe of items ranging from food tins and pails to menu cards, workers’ clothing and ships,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. ♦ * * • Yugoslavia Leaderless Yugoslavia is now leaderless, without a government or an army command, it was asserted in Berlin, but there is still guerrilla fighting in the mountains.
Notices Senior Military Stndenta: Sign up on Um bulietin board in the Armory for appoint"^ment to have pictures taken. „ 4-l» -JOHNSON
CE 12 Conditions: Tests for removal of C’s in Highway Construction will be held Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Civil Building. ^
WAA: Baseball practice on Wednesday, April 16, and Friday, April 18, at 4 p. m. Last chance for points. Intra-mural schedules were posted Monday, April 22, —cooPEai.
Ail Seniors: Senior commencement invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University Bookstore, and at the west desk of the Union. Sales close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
Ag Chem Club: Meeting postponed .Watch Exponent for notice of next meeting. —ELKIN.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report to Eliza Fowler Hall this coming Saturday, April 19. —KNAPP.
Purdue Christian Foundation: PDI conference Sunday, April 20. Registration in Union at 2 p. m. with fellowship meetings following. Dinner at 6 p. m. All those interested who have not stated so call Dick Smith at 51191 or Reynolds at 4398. —SMITH.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, April 20, at 2:30 p. m. Meet in front of Executive building. Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT.
All EE Students: See sheet on main bulletin board in EE Building to sign up for open house projects. (4-23) —HOLCOMB.
ASME: Final returns of membership cards and emblems are on hand. Please get them anytime Saturday morning, April 19, at Prof. Cope’s office. —COOLEY.
Religious Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, April 18, at 4 p. m. in room 58 of the Union. Open to all interested. —MOFFET.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be a brief business meeting Monday, April 21, at 7 :30 p m in room 302 of the Union. Plans for an outing will be discussed Everyone interested in outing activities is welcome. —PARKER.
Exponent Co-eds; Co-ed edition Monday, April 21. Report at 4 p. m. in the office. —SIESS.
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives sign list in EE office at once if you wish to have a plaque. (4-23) —HOLCOMB.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding malchinss, >sw and used, for sale, rent and regiabred. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.TS ta $69.50. Office supplies. Miraeograpli m4 multigraph work. C. F. Ebersfaoff, 604 Main at Phone, 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.S0 all night. Phene 2407.
Lost: Lord Elgin wrist watch, Monday, April 15, in room 110, Heavilon Hall. Tel. 4096. Reward. W. Paunicka.
Lost: Pair fine bifocal spectacles in brown case at or near Purdue Union Tuesday evening Finder please call 75506.
wm • Soft Lights • Sweet Music • Beautiful Flowers
These three things go together to assure you and your date of a delightful evening. Orchids, Gardenias and all other flowers to your taste arranged by artists. ^otk ^iondt
635 Main Street
Phone 7955