' y ’ A f ^ ^ !
' ' ' ’ “
r/
EDIT OBJECTS To Committee's y No Vacation Vote Volume 55, No. 41
SPORTS COLUMN Predicts 14-13 Wfn Over Sailors %'
PurdiiCjJiiiversity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, November 6, 1942 ; V ariety
Jan Savitt
By Ed Stephenson
Maestro for tonight’s pre-Dad’s Day Mixer is Jan Bavitt, who will lead his Top Hatters orchestra in their distinctive and danceable “shuffle rhythm” in both Union |ballrooms from 9 until 11:46 in his first appearance here. Savitt’s fame is largely due to his extensive education in classical music and his skill on the violin, two factors that contribute to the novel effect i
of his music. His original style is largely due to a delicate combination of classical arrangements and modern “swing and sweet”. Color is added to the Top Hatteis tunes by numerous fiddle break.s, in which Savitt uses his unorthodox dance orchestra instrument to achieve an unusual effect in swing' music.
Original Style
One thing stands out in the Savitt style above all its other character-
Exhibst To Continue Through Sunday
Present war conditions have necessitated many changes in the
istics; the kick it' gives to ordinary plans for the 22nd annual Univertunes and polished standards alike, sity Horticultural Show which lieIts infectious ofl’-beat achieved by gins this morning' in the Horticulusing a full eigh beat mcasuie in- tural building. The show will constead of the customaiy four, lends tinue until Sunday, with prizes a style to the dullest of today’s being awarded for entries in the rhythms. Jan achieves this by find- five depai tments; fiuits, vegetables, ing the right tempo for eveiy num- lloweis, nuts, and original hortiber he plays to locate the particulai cultural exhibits, emphasis a song will take, and then Tfiis yeai, emphasis will be “rearranges ’ the tune to fit. placed on the vitamin giving fruits The Top Hatters began their pres- and vegetables. These products will ent rise to popularity as one of the be judged according to their qualnation’s top flight dance bands by ity, condition and iiiiifoimity, and
way of theii many coa^t-to-coast programs on the NBC networks. Savitt fiist took his orchestia on tour four yeais ago when he made an extensive trip covering bai ns, ballrooms, and theatres in the East and near Midwest, winding up with a nine month stand at the Hotel Lincoln, New York, and finally with a three^week engagement at the New York Paramount Theatie.
not as to tlie kind of vitamins they contain. Chrysanthemums will form the majoi part of the horticulture exhibits with mole than a humlred of the newest vaiieties on disjilay. Special exliibits entered by the Uiiivei'sity students will be judged accoidmg to their originality, aplieaiance, atti activeness and educational value. They will also be jiidgeil. on Iheir titles, captions, and signs. To the most perfect exhibit will go the lirst prize which is a
silver loving cup.
Outstanding Arrangement
Savitt recently created considei - able furor ovei his rearrangement of Raymond Scott’s “In An Eigh-
teenth Century Drawing Room,” HStYGV S. SOU
based on Mozart’s “Easy Sonata.” '
Jan went back to Mozart for his . . . foi nier captain of the 1928 version of the Scott tune, (lrawn|g football team and a graduate of the
themes School of Science in 1929, lias been
on the sensitive and Uelicate the of the original and using his fine ‘fiddling to carry it through. Advance sale tickets aie no longei
available, but adn7issions will still be on sale tonigljt at the door for
$1.G5, including tax.
Mudball ivritten on bus enroute to recruiting' office across town deer clarence i am going to join the army i hear that the exective committee said if we want to have vacations we should join the army i am going to do the same in the army they have vacations —MUDBALL
Mms/c Hall Convo Features ^Talk On European Conflict Walter Duranty, globe-trotter for the Ne-w York Times for t'wenty-five years, ■will discuss “On the Sidelines in Eastern Europe” tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall. Duranty, ■who recently returned to America from Russia and the Far East, will be the guest at a reception in the Union following the
convocation.
Famous as a foreign correspondent for the New York Times and the North American
Newspaper Alliance, Duranty covered World War I, and during the pa.st twenty years has reported on important events in Eastern Europe. In his lecture, he will discuss the latest dcvelopmcnls in the war liringing in incidents, anecdotes and information from his own experiences among the Soviets and the Japanese.
Discuss Allied Movc.s
During the four ycar.s .since ho wa.“ last in this country, Duranty has been in almost every capital in Europe. Therefore fie w'ill be in a position to give information on such pioblcms as the effect of a Second Front, and the ability of the Russians to keep the Germans figfiting through another winter. He will dis-
cuss the probability of a Japanese the Committee had previously been
Members Accept New Yearns Plan
Prof. Frank C. Hockema announced last evening that the Student Senate’s petition for a four day vacation beginning Novembeu 14 had been lefused by the Executive
Committee.
Hockema stated that membeis of
invasion of Siberia-, how the war in the Pacific fits into tjie world struggle, and the identity of the impoi'tant men around Stalm. Admission to the convocation will
favorable to a mid-term vacation, but that the proposal had been made
too later for any action. Plan New Year’-s Eve Parly
,The Executive Committee voted
be by passports and season tickets, favorably on a plan to give an allSingle admission tickets will also University New Year’s Eve party
be on sale at the door for 55 cents. Service maijn uniform will be ad-
mitted frl
Speaker at last Wednes.day’s meeting of the student chapter of the American Institutg of Chemical Engineers, was Dr. Kenneth Johnson, superintendent of Commercial Solvents’ nitroparaffin plant in Pe01 ia. 111. His subject was “Engineering Problems in Nitroparaffin Pioduciion.” Di. Johnson was introduced to an audience of approximately 300 stu-
to help atone for the short fourday Christmas vacation. Hockema said that there would be dancing to a name band, plus other entertainment and refreshments. Further plans will be announced later. A rumor circulating around campus that there would be a $10 penalty day fine imposed on New Year’s Day was refuted yesterday. Hockema declared that no action of any sort had been taken on this issue.
Organization Ends
Featuiing numerous talks'related
dents by Randy Murrill, president of wartime welfare and care of
the student chapter of the AIChE, and R. N. Shreve, professor of Chemical Engineeimg at the Uni-
veisity.
In his speech, Di. Johnson stated that the plant in Peoria is the only commercial company now existing foi the pioduction of nitropaiaffins. Much of the eaily research in the field was done here at the University under Dr. Hass of the Chemistry department. After a six year graduate couise in the University on a fellowship fi;om Commei'cial Solvents, Dr. Johnson spent two yeais of devcloinnent and lesearch on nitroparaffin production in a jiilot
childien, a state-wide convention of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers will be brought to a close with a board meeting at 9 a. m,
today.
The annual meeting, which opened Tuesdny, was arranged by the University School of Home Economics in cooperation with the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers. The Lafayette Parent-Tcachei Council and the Tippecanoe County Council assisted. Dean Matthews Speaks Registiation opened the convention Tuesday morning in the Home
swoin in as a Lieutenant, Senior Graile, in the U. S. Naval Reserve, and has reiiorted for indoctiination tiammg at the Naval Air Station at Quonset Point, Rhode Island. Olson won three majoi letters in football as a member of the varsity squad after winning numerals in football, basketball and' golf gs a freshman, and was a member of Iron Key, senior honorary, as well as Gimlet Club. He is a member of llie Touchdown Club of New York and a past president of the University Club of Chicago. Following graduation Olson was liiesident and foundei of Campus Tours, Inc., until the company liquidated in 1939 at the outbreak of the war. He has been assistant fo the vice inesident of Eversharp, Inc., in charg(‘ of the .sales activities of the eastern division for the past year and one-half.
plant set up by that company neai Economics Building. In the aftertheir large factory in Terre Haute, noon speeches were given by Dean Following this extensive peiiod of Maiy L. Matthews, Mrs. Frederick training, Johnson went to Peoria, Conklo, president of the Indiana where he was in charge o-f the de- Congress of Parents and Teachers; velopment of the fiist practical Mrs, Garry Cleveland Myers, editor
and lecturer; Mrs., Robert Shank, First Vice-President of the Indiana 01 ganrzation, and Mrs. A. E. Hirsth,
Chicago.
Thursday’s sessions consisted of talks by Dr. Elizabeth D. Roseberry, professor of clothing; Amy I. Bloye, University Department Head; Dr. A. A. Smith, professor of soeialo^y; Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, professor of psychology; Mrs. D. H. Patterson, homemaker; Mrs. Henry E.-Ostrom,
. . . social fraternity announces Directoi of Public Relations, State the recent election of'the following Department of Education, and Dr. officers: Robert Altherr, librijrian; F. B. Knight, Director of the DiviGene Groah, assistant treasurer; sion of Education and Applied PsyErvin C. Olson, first guai’d; Willas chology. Dinner at the Home EcoVermilion, second guard; David Col- nomlcs Lunchroom closed Thurslette, historian. days’ meeting.
nitropaiaffin plant to be put into production. Much of the lectuie was devoted to a description of the problems that he faced in construction and early operation in the plant, while there were/ yet dangerous “bugs” that had to be removed before volume production was
achieved.
Theta Chi
ally To Feature Jan Savitt Tonight's Session Offers Innovation ■Something new and diffci’ent in the way of pep sessions will be tried out tonight at 7:15 p. m. when Jan Savitt and Ins Top Hatters will provide the musical background for a pep rally, which will be the first of its kind. Savitt is making his first appearance on this campus at a pre-Dad’s Day mixer, and he has agreed to pi ovidc the extra zest and tolor for the rally in the form of sweet^swing. Another new feature of this pep session will be that the entire program is being held in front of the Union, and the usual bonfire and parade will not be held. This is being done in order to get the coeds to attend the pep rally. Varied Program Head cheer leader Bruce Adams promised a bang-up program to bring the Boilermaker pre-game spirit to a white heat. Besides the music of Jan Savitt, the rally will feature the tumbling of Dave Morrison and Ed Gruis, and the junior cheer leader, Pete Schwab, will be introduced. Several yells will be practiced by the students, especially the new Purdue Chant. One of the yell leaders will go to each of the sorority houses in order to persuade the timid coeds to turn out for the get-together. The students who are planning to attend the mixer are especially urged to attend and cheer for the Boiler-
makers.
Taubc, Ruggieri To Speak Chief speakers of the evening will be line coach Mel Taube and the game captain, Frank Ruggieri, who will pledge the Boilermaker eleven to do their best against a tough Bluejacket aggregation. No prizes are being offered for the best sign, but the fraternities, sororities and co-ops arc encouraged to bring posters in order to show their support of the team. The pep session will wind up with a snake dance in and around the Union. All of the students are urged to attend and yell for the team to show the same spirit which won the Northwestern game. 4-H Girls Compete In National Contest For Scholarship Moic than 200,000 4-H girls are competing in the National 4-H Girl’s Record contest, the preliminary eliminal;ions of which are now in progress. The judging is on superior achievements in home economics projects and activities as revealed by the girl’s record book. Reflected by the achievements of previous winners, participants in thg contest this year will have welllounded 4-H records. Records show that they know how to keep healthy, improve their room, renovate old clothes, prepare and serve nutritious meals, keep house, can foods, raise gardens, beautify home surroundings, handle poultry and livestock, exhibit, demonstrate and judge, as well as take active part in community life. Winners from county competition will receive gold medals, and the State winners will be chosen from this group of winners. Recipients of State honors are awarded all-expense trips to the 21st National 4-H Club Congress in,/Uhicago, Nov. 29-Dec. 2.
Fathers Will Attend Game, Mixer, Convo Schedule For Dad's Day \ Saturday, November 7 9:00 A.M.—Registration—(Great Hall, Union). 10:00 A.M.—Campus Tours—(Start in Reception Room 230,
Union).
11:45 A.M.—Dad, Mother, Son and Daughter Luncheon— (South Ballroom, Union). 2:30 P.M.—Football Game, Purdue vs. Great Lakes—(RossAde Stadium). 7:00 P.M.—Dad’s Smoker—(Lounge Rooms 340 and 3-50,
Union).
8:00 P.M.—Dad’s Day Convocation—(Eliza Fowler Hall). 9:00 P.M.—Dad’s Day Mixer—(Ballrooms, Union).
Sunday, November 8
A.M.-—Dad’s Day Religious Services—(Lafayette and West
Lafayette Churches).
Fathers of University students will come into their own at the annual Dad’s Day week end which will officially begin tomorrow morning at 9 with the registration of the guests in
the Great Hall of the Union.
The fathers are especially urged to register because th^^ addresses which are received will be turned over to the Uni- ' - ' varsity Mothers’ and Dads’
Club, and will be used by Prof. Phillips in planning trips in connection with his work. Several tours have been planned for the fathers to enable them to see the various parts of the campus, and the facilities offered by the University to their son or daughter. The dads are urged to choose that particular tour which will enable them to see that part of the University which will be of the
most interest to them. Luncheon Open To All
One of the high spots of the weekend will be the special Dad’s Day luncheon which will be held in the South Ballroom of the Union. The
Speaks Before Nutrition School
In an address last night before a dinner meeting of the third annual Nutrition School, Professor J. Carrell Bottum, University agricultural economist, spoke on “Feeding the 'World.” The address was given in the East Faculty Lounge of the
Union to a group of about 130 feed luncheon is also open to the students dealers, elevator men, feed process- mothers, and everyone is
ors, and other agriculturists. During his speech. Prof. Bottum stated that food production throughout the world as a whole is extremely low due to war conditions and that the “greatest pressure for foods is upon the North American continent and particularly on the livestock and corn belt of the United
States.”
Summarizes Reasons
urged to attend, because an excellent
program has been planned. The Glee Club under the direction
of A1 Stewart will piovide the music, and Prof. Robert Phillips and Robert Royster will preside. Prof. F. B. Knight will also speak, and tickets for the luncheon will be on
sale-^for 75 cents.
The afternoon will be well taken up by the tilt between the Boiler-
maker eleven and the Bluejackets
In a summary of reasons why from Great Lakes. The dads will agricultural production will prob- have a chance to cheer the team ably not maintain high or record with their sons and daughteis. The levels in this country, Bottum said, time after the game has been left “It would appear almost inevitable free to allow the guests to attend that reduction ih agricultural pro- dinners which will be given in their duction would take place following honor by the fraternities, soi'oiities, 1943. How much reduction takes and the halls, place depends on the weather or how Smoker, Convo In Union
important our high command places the importance of food for export to the United Nations. It might easily become moie important than guns.”
The dads will be guests at a smoker which will be held in the east and west faculty loimges of the Union at 7 in the evening. Tlie pro(See DAD’S DAY, page 1)
Coed Hours DIck Wiley Flies
In Dieppe Raid
As aniiouncecl by the AWS Judicial Board yesterday, coed hours will be as follows for the dates specified: Nov. 25. 12 midnight; Prom, 3 a. m.; Sophomore Cotil-
lion, 1 a. m.
'Pat' Dickerson . . . one of the “pioneer” women flyers of Lafayette, has enlisted in the ■Women’s Aii Ferry Service. “Pat” started flying about five years ago at the University Airport, under Capt. Lawrence I. Aretz, and earned a private pilot’s certificate which she kept up by pei iodical flying. As a member of the “i)9” Club, women’s pilot organization, she was invited to join the WAFS, by its head, Jacqueline Cochian. Ralph B. Stone . . . University registrar, took pait ill the program yesterday at the annual meeting of the Association of Indiana Collegiate Registrars at Butler University. A round table discussion on the problems of registrars during wartime was held.
• Lieut. Richard Wiley, of West Lafayette, former University student, who dropped out of the University in June, 1941, to enlist in the U. S. Army An Corps, carried the American aotuil coiumauding officer in his Hying fortiuss at the time of the Dieppe laiil .some weeks ago. Tins iiifoiniatioii was cotitaineil in letteis leceivetl by his parents, Prof, and Mis. J, R. Wiley, from the youthful flyer who has been on duty in England since fast July. Censorship lules pieverited detailed dcscnplimi of the memorable lliglil which inns resounded ai'ourul the world, but paiticipation ill this event by the WesULafayette youth and former University student adds much to local inteiest. Lieut. Wiley won his wings last Mageh at an aik tiuld in California, and was on Pacific coast duty for some time. From tlicre he was sent to England, where he was made a first lieutenant Sept. 1, and has participated in numerous raids by American flyers stationed in England.
,1-I
■" ^ -1*^ . '"*8^ *
>, <f r«a,^ s 1 ■t ). "
c
Pag^ 2
Purdue Exponent
I
Friday^ November 6, 1942"^
Purdue Exponent — I Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
I 1 tor jn C hicf I d for M^in^ I n ^i^l( r ‘^ito t*! 1 J for n 0 Mon '^er ( cl 1 1 r
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H ArmBtrons: Robert L Hadle> Ken K Gpemrc Alice Chatficld
Publicafion Staff
Aoooc ate Editorff J 1 r ol ^ 1 \\ Ochc Itrcc A P Hunter E Rafcrt I I B 7 W (. II ki IS R W Boswinkk K Roquemore \ ] ‘'P s StofT 1) L HiL^cr J S Daw on D Shrycr C S r I C td all B 11 Charlotte Hass Jean Laucr Elaine \ Business Staff ( rd n le *1 ManaRcr T il a Marti Athcrli nc Managers ] M Wripht D L Johnson J Pctt> I rilaticn MrnaRcr C H Klouman \cc unfK Mnnaccr Frena T rrenpa 1 I or toe 1 Managers I lien Clark Jane Keim The Purdue Independent
fit r n ( hicf Mnmg ng Fd tnr Fii it*;^ Manager ( J 1 ailnr Ad criis ng Manager Ac i s Manager < rc ill tio Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta KessUr Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
Nit I lilt r Ocliiltrco Sports Editor Brewer )•! Ld r Alirens Issue Editor Tyson ! 1 iltr ( 1 Col t,h Tord Porter Vegh Clif f N il n K ),g Spandet Wilbur Mann Baines I ''i ck A K i ) an Brucato Hopkins Ingcrsoll and
I 1 1 t
1 class matter at the post office in Lafay n 1 r the act of Congress of March 3 1879 I rate of postage provided for in section C (Jet I r 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 1 L 1 Thursday hriday and Sunday mornings a IJrl V red locally by carrier tor $1 6 for a r ® J f r two emesters by mail tor $2 00 for a ■si t for two semesters n t r ailed sulscription $1 50 1 r r nato al advertising by National Advertis I College Publishers Representatives 420 N V Y il N Y ,
Something Must Give.
t h I e\ idently been quite some time since menibtis of the Executive Committee went to college If they could have seen some of the helpless beaten looks aionud the campus A ten the hist no vacation’ news trickled 011 Ih might have lealized what we stud nts aie up against lA e know this is wai We know we’ie being V iitcd defeiment fiom the army while our b otheis and filends aie fighting and traini n aimy camps all ovei the world We ]) neciale all that and we are more than willin t( ti\ to do our pait But we feel that olhc al 1 unning this Uni\ ei sity ai e complete1 Cl legaldin^ the students’ state of mind stiident morale light now is at its lowest ebb ihce we’ve been at Puidue There is more di inking now than ever before, and consenucntlv less studying In spite of the fact that J 11^ might attribute this attitude to imidi ig induction into the army, we firmly b IiCA e it IS due to the virtual absence of time off t of us going to school now have had a taia! of £ ppi oximately three weeks off in a ca and two months of school From the Nia idpoint ui a man in business, working LU ht (1 cell ten, hours a day, this vacation wolII be a gieat plenty But foi students, \1 voik glows more and more rigorous 1 tinif on, nevei letting up for an evening 01 a week end, it is not enough Men in Inc aimed loiccs don’t have much time off, buL when the> do they can forget everything 1 1 a time and lelax completely Ouis is a diffdtnt type of effoit entirely and requires I pel lodie 1 elaxation of the mind which should be blit IS not lecognized by the heads of this gu it biain lactoiy As the situation stands at the present we Jaee the piospect ot a gland total of foui days lespile at Chiistmas Transportation problems being what they aie, a large pait of the tudent body will not be able to go home, even I t) anspoitation facilities were at their best luiUiei with many army camps granting t b 1 tnias leave, trains and buses will be vir- ^ ua'h closed to ci\ ilian travel befoie and after II ( holidays In othei words, all students hvife outside walking distance from Lafayette dl be loiced to spend those foui days heie t Puidue Then, they won’t have even the le 1 inmg paiental hand to guide th'em I e lealize that the vacation pioposal by d I v| onent and the Student Senate was is 1 1 laidj We also leahze that the Exc i U\ ( ommittee would find it exceedingly (I) a tuin about on this issue, espen i 1 so magnanimously gi anting a New ' L\e all Unix crsitj- paity here miles u liorn liomc Besides, it would not be A ' jjobtics to have students ot Puidue, the w eh ol take loo much time off trom U III / \ ( Nce it something has to give If li dents aic cxjiected to altei the current )i 1 idlj iccelticiting piogiam of class cutting , 1 1 (' eiiase in studying, Univeisity officials 11 1(1 mdu some substantial concessions Odi< 1 iccelciated Universities aie solving 11 1 \(i\ leal problem bj gianting longer \ u ilions —w g h J till iiilhtjudifc A Milwaukee laundiy tiuck (ji)ti aJithted l(ji dining' the wrong way on a sue va\ ^tJcet explained he wab eutting his mile ige twintj five pei eent to save lubbei feentenee faUbpeiided
qiie mmw Tit. R,, u S f*l 0« MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Navy's Old-Fashioned Tactics Fail Against japs; Stimson Refuses Soldier Farm Help WASHINGTON—Naval ofticeis ■who have ictuined fiom the Pacific sumniaiize the Japs’ naval tactics as similai to those Hitler used on the land when he fiist went into the Low Countiics Its a eoinbination of an and suiface sneak attacks \ Fuithcimoie the Japs have developed Unall an bases all ovei the Pacific so that almost every little island is a stationaiy airplane caiiiei Meanwhile, the Amciiean Navy has been oj^eiating on the old fashioned lules of waif arc, the equivalent of the Fieneh tacties when they still put tlieii faith in the Magmot Line Naval officeis back fioiii the Solomons point out that if we could once get the Japs out in the old fashioned line of battle with all om battleships eiuis CIS cairieis and destioyers opciating as a unit the enemy would be licked Howcvei, the Japs doii t light in this antiquated Battle of Jutland style The last thing they want is to face oui fleet m full foiniation Then tactics aie to isolate small groups of Ameiican vessels pop them off befoie help can come thus giad ually whittle dow n the U S fleet ^ • Firsf Solomons Defeaf Foi instance when the Japs dodged into the Solo mons on the night of Aug 9 they had onlj two ciuiseis and foui destioyers This was sueli an insignificant foice eonipaied with the Aiiieiiean afliiada winch lay guarding our tianspoits that the U S comniandei nevei diearned they would have the iieivc to attack Yet they did and sank about tliiee times then weight They did it by perfectly timed peifectly e\ ecuted stiategy Then an plane flaies lit up Tulagi Haibor at exactly the light minute Then ships closed in on ouis and opened filing at exactly the light minute It was their clockwoik piccision plus neive plus oin stupidity winch caused our defeat In contiast Ainencan senioi officeis aie accustomed to opeiating with big fleet^ and accoiding to long established lules of waifaie Peacetime naval inaiieu veis weie laigely a mattei of loutinc Eveiyoiie knevi pietty well what the ‘eiiemj fleet was going to do and if the enemy comniandei made an unexpected move fiequently he was ciiticiaed among his fellow officeis • Halsey's Attack Foi instance fieij Admiial William F Halsev now commandei of flic fleet at the Solomons once commanded a destiojei squadron in peacetime iiav il maneuveis and leceived an oidci to attack simulat mg battle conditions Halsey laid down a smoke scieen and oidcied Ins destioyeis full speed ahead dashing among the eii emy ciuiseis Latei he was oii'cied up befoie a boaid of mquny on the giouiids that he had need Icssly iisked naval piopcity by dashing full speed thiough a ciuiser squadion Befoie pioceeclmgs stait ed Halsev was asked if he wanted an officei fiom tlie Judge Advocate Geneial s office to defend him He said he would piesent his own defense That do iense was I was ordeied to attack I attiekcd Aftei the fiist disastious defeats m the Solomons Adnnial Halsey was placed in commuid—it is hoped not too late • U. S. Soldiers—U.S. Farmers Foithiight Senatoi Chailey McNaiy comes fiom Oiegon wheie the faimeis have had a lot of liouijle this -yeai getting men to pick then fiuit and haivost their wheat So McNaiy viiote to Sceictaiy of Wat Stimson pointing out that theic wcic two Aiiny eantonnents in Oiegon that it might be an CNcellcnt tiling foi the nation s food supply and foi national co opeiation geneially if some of the soldieis weic given furloughs and allowed to help Oregon faimeis with then eiops Secict-iiy of War Stimson wiote bad i ithei taitlj. that soldieis of the U S Aiiny had to woik at wsi and that the idea was pieposteious A little latei Senatoi McNaiy noticed ncwspipei accounts of the way Ameiiean soldieis in England had taken tunc to help English laimeis hnvcst Clops So he wiotc Stimson again ‘ Woik of our men in tiaimng toi wai must be shot to pieces in England McN iiy said in view of the liet that American soldieis aie woiking in the hai vest fields The Secietaiy of Wai leplied a little lamely that if Ameiican tioops in England weie woikiiig in the haivest fields they weie doing it on then own tune But he welcomed no moic suggestions about helping fanners heie at home • Supreme Court Vacancy The Piesident told adviseis that he wanted to put oft filling Justice Byines v icancy on the bupiemc Coui tuntil aftei elections Meanwhile piessuic fiom the Senate to appoint Senatoi Albcil Baiklcy of Ken lucky has become so gieat that FDR almost wishes he had not delayed Roosevelt is extiemely fond of Bail ley values his seivices m the Senate and feels giateful to him But theie aio two handicaps in the path ot Baikleys appointment (1) Ins age 65 which is eoiitiaiv to the Piesident s 19 j7 thesis that the Louit should be started with joungei men (2) a Kentuckian ihcady IS on the Supicme Couit In fact theie ate alicadv two justices iiom the South Hugo Black of Alabain i and Stanley Reed jf Kentuel v while theie is none fiom west of Mielne,an llieieloie the While House has been subiect ^.o piessuie to appoint Judge Wiley Rutledge of the U S Couit of Appeals in the Distiict ol Columbia Ijimei Dean of Law at the State Uinveisitv of Iowa Though Pelix Fiankfuitei i= opposed to him Rut leuge happens to hi the candidate ot Chief Justice Stone who would like to sec a judge lathei than a Senatoi appointed Also in view oi the laet that Byiiies has lesigned and theie have been lumoi thit Justices Minphj iml Douglas nn„hl go into w u woik the Chief Justice sajs a little pi untivelj I want someone who will sLaj • Merry-Go-Round The Piisident alwajs an optimist will male one moie attempt to bung the API and CIO togetlici by inviting Bill Giecn and Phil Miuiay to the White House Laboi leadeis say piivately howcvei that theie will be no agiecmnt Both sides will patch up a jurisdictional tiuec and agiee to lefiain fiom mem beiship laids loi the duiation but that is all (Copyiifeht 1942, by United lealute Syndicate Ine )
GilIN AND BEAR IT
By LicKfy
dCsUcAA. to the £jclihyL
“It’s a gold mine' Six countei stools, thiee tables and 22 slot and pm ball machines ’’’
The Book Worm Says: “THE TIDE OF FORTUNE’ BY SILFAN ZWEIG Renewed by Dorothy Crout The Tide of Foi tune' Whit pit callous motives ind conditions tuin ind influence lutiue event'- Tie leh eiy gieed love peitinaeitj th weithei the c and m my othei ■= In hio new bool The TuD o+ I oi tune Stel in Zweig deseiibes in detail some of the Decisions which at the time m ly h ivt seen ed un eventful but which 1 itei events hive pioved o be momentous He shows upon what unceitunties hu mm piogiess his often been iiui tuied Muth of histo J IS the ii u i ition ol i succession of w us In m my of these seemingly insn nifi int ot till 1 Cl CCS hive eh lived the ton cs of events How manj of us iie iw 111 Ih it Mai slnl Ci oiiehy blun (Ri lost th battle ot W iteiloo fo N ipoleon Zwev tell is th it Giouehy w is meiely taiivm„ out oidcis to the lettei H id 1 o di olcjcd aid follovMti the id it jf IS uh I Ii lat sub ' ( 1 Kill a liuni h w li u n leht hue i ei n 11 out jn c' Two Musical Shoits Ol Die Lwil n Jiisloiicil mini i tuies Stel 11 /wiig 1 is chosei t poiti IV foi us two lie iljout musu As oui n it )i il mU tm w is ( im posed III one nvht s > Lji w is lie Mu still II L the lousing sj g ot the fice Fi eneli Howcvei Liu cii eumstUKcs weie (ju tc dirttiei I Most ol us ue fmiiliu wiLli (i etio IS i ehoic in high selu ( 1 (i college Latin In The Tide of 1 o time he becomes i pci son en tingled in loices much to gieU foi him to combat He lem iins ti ue to his ideils and as i icsulL loses Ills held ilong with the gieit Cacs 11 Goethe 1 the inly m n ol letteis as such wh is intluch 1 He too is him ini/ed by Zweig an I his immoi til liteiatuie givei idilcd me urn g Ihe ninetccntli cintuiy s iw Iht tonque t ot the list lit of ten i in co,,! it i Ihchisloiv bjol tell Ih it Scott md Al ludsen both leithi 1 the & julh Pol thesimey i fhi^
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus Bell System (Western Electric ind Bell Libs) Novcmbei 5 and 6 Bendix Products Div Bendix \viati()n Coipoiation South Bend Ind —Novcmbci 5 md G Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corp Bi ickeiuulgc Pi—Noveiubei 6 Dev oe & Ray Holds (. o Inc Louis ville Ky—Novcmbei 6 Intciested in women chemists Internalio lal Iclegiaph and lele griph Coipoi itioii New Yoik—No vembei 5 Intciested m chemists physieista Chi LL MF Pin \meritan An ways Ine J ickson Heights N A —Noveiu bei 9 G oup mei ting it 4 Monday In V ) loom 108 ME Bi ildiii, AX estinghouse Eleetne and Manu faeturing Co Pittsbuigh Pi—No vcml Ol 10 11 1 11 Gioup meet ng it 1 Mond n Novcmbei 9 in Rocm lo4 FE Builditv GaibiJe «iid ( ubon ( himit ils ( OI p S ( 1 ul to 1 Vv V i No vembei 16 md 1 i P R M illoi V cs ( o Ine Ida ipdis Till IiLCiested in Mctl 1 1 Ml S gn m Peisiiinel Ortiee by Wccliesi \ Novcmbei 11 do 1 ol 1 eeoi ! the kspei te eiugglc (i L leh u 11 lo 1 L the li It) ill mt tl e fl ig ('■ I IS counli j ovi the b ii un sp t Nc he di tlu\ ii cul lu t t th I llu t \0 c mil 0(11 n il ly C" V tl m iglit f tail 11 i ( n th< 11 ip ov i till d( SI 1 lit lit 1 )i \ h eh lht\ wtl iisl I g si mu eh
Th
( l( il
w (11 u I I 1 I iitu 1 he
It 11 f 1 ,
mate I il si
cl i md
Oetobei 31 1942 Deal Editoi I am wilting you about idea which I should like lo place befoie the students and administiation of the Umveisity It is concerning the piesent school ealendai The pi esent calciidu has the legistiation foi the wintci toim on Decembei 28 and classes begin on the oOth W1 y is it not possil le to let u stude nts pend the full Ghiislmas hohdiy at home' It eems to me that this could he e sily done Iheie me two methods w Inch could l>e used Oik why not have legisti ilion on I m uaiy 1 and el isses l)t„in on J in 6 The othei plan although diireicnt could he woilid out The seniois have then eommeneemeiit on De eembei 20 All el isses could be dis missed on Dteembei 19 With elas ts dismissed on tins dale the thiee days fiom Dee 21 to 23 could he used foi legisti ition We stu dents would not mind slaying heie to ie.,istei tlien as much as coining hick the (1 ly iftei (hiistmis lo legi 1(1 ith legi tl ilion ( ei (1 ses could begin i i enii 11'^ oji J m 1 I do not think llu is too nuich to isl tliG idministi ilion in view ol whit it would do loi the sLudents It would give tile ludei ts who live in Indi m i i week md a hilt at home It would „ive ilmosl evciyone i (h met to oCt home foi Ghtislm is With the piesent t ilcndai a luge miiubci ot students will not he able to go home foi Chiistinis In my home ind I believe in man\ othei homes New Ye u s Dij is almost is big a lioliday is Ghiislmis So wliy not change the ealend u intl let the students he it home i lull wee! I 1 now tint Ih (iministi ition Ins been speeding up the Fine sity s iiogiam to eoi foim lo tin wu ettoit but this does n( (quiie that w e loi get ev ei \ thing el e Peo pie ue still him in md have It cl mgs Tint V eel between Chii tiiia and New Yiai s Da\ will mean litl'o eithei way eonceiiung the wai effoit of his couit y With this new (halt hill many students he e will be in the 11 m\ by next Chi istnns so why not le ive them a I home this se ison riiGie \ ill be enough uffciiii this holiday se ison without ] uiposelv eau uv noic unhapi mess 1 y 1 efe|j in„ peoj le iw ly licni home I ellow students wh it do you think iboul this’
B I
(n lu e \ II held o i leqiest) I diloi Purdue 1 xponent Pi 1 lue M m I il Ul i i De i1 Si I was ve I ■( 111 eh 11 ( en i 1 I y y oui w' ) 1V 11) it 1) le L utoi 1 il of Oc te 1 1 0 n \ lie 1 y ji s V c t i
IK I
h St
Lvei} thing for a C ollege Ldntalion DEAC’S
Olan Mills lituilio (Distuniin Tornuittm )
205 1 .-,1 St IK riioi < 34 J 3
Youiimuu... 1 Hits HAYWORTH I ""'eo' lOCtRS . henry fonda / CHARltS IAB6HT0H ^ 0. miMSOH
A 20th Century Fez Triumph! 5 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW
MARS
ppHt ROBtsoH - TMii OF
with
THOMAS MITCHELL • EUGENE PALLETTE CESAR ROMERO • GAIL PATRICK ROLAND YOUNG • ELSA LANCHESTER GEORGE SANDERS • JAMES GLEASON
and THE HALL JOHNSON CHOIR DirecfedbyJULIEN DUVIVIER
Pro(Aicei/6yB0RISM0RR0Sanc/S P EAGLE
-LAST TIMES TODAY
m
fom day holiday foi the puipose of enjoying ‘the gloiious days befoie gas 1 itioning becomes a fact ” Perhaps the write! of the editontil should be informed that the pin-* pose of gas lationiiif, is not foi the conseivation of gasoline—of which theie IS a plentilul supply^—but foi the conseivation of the existing sup ply oi 1 ubhci til e The leports of the Baiueh Com nutteo indicate that tii cs foi civilian u e cannot possibly be availalle be foicl9I5 A child given livp dollar^ to live on loi i week might he expected to snend half the fiist day We wou'd assume howcvei that a 1101 mallV sane adult W'Ould dis tiibute the money moie equitably thi oughoLit the week And yet these sime adults who aie assuied liy expel ts that they cannot lept^ce then tiles m le s than three yeais, ae using then tiics at i late which will destioy them in one thud the
time
11 automobiles vvcic of use nuiely as implements oJ pleasuie, these pci sons would he penalized foi their iiicsponsibilily by the loss ol the Lse ot the 11 lutes Howcvei many ol these velnclcs ac lequiied for the maiiitciiinee of oi i wai effoit Ihe due consequences Uieiefoie, is that as i lesull ot the insanity of these pel sons we will bo foiecd to 1 educe tlie effectiveness of our fight iiV men by divcitiiv lubbei tues loi the use ef these civilians And in the face of all this the editoiiil advocated a vieation \ ith the intei ence of wssting these impoitant mntei i ils How can aiiyon w itli the intciest of the wn it heait uphold such a suggestion ' Ve y tl ulv yen i B D Stciibeig 44
LyUA
l\ I I V\ I 11 11 I I / V g h IS s ) 1' 111 r 1 I ( s ( I st IS 111 ( I 'ightc I 1 he
11 11 / 1 Uk si le IS I e td ihl 111 imc in
si u ( I Ul I ill lie Iw \ 11 ke I with cluity of e\i) ossioii md Ihouf ht
ARC TODAY THRU SATURDAY FiRST RUN HiT
— and — MARGARET LINDSAY JOHN HOWARD in 'TRAGEDY AT MIDNIGHT"
A ★ * iL ★ A ■* ★ ★+-^ * * ★ ★ ★ ■*• * * ★ *+
*
■kdek-k-^hh kirk-k-^k-k-kk-k-kk-k-k-k-k-k
PATHE NEWS -4UlilWUI«,ll>l»UroillillMnilllM»mMWWMM» I'tMWiwwiarouaBOTiaBaBWiigBMWBflBBweaiBaaawgaetiaaugWBi ^
HELD OVER Hurrv—Two Morf* Days
-ADDED-
TOUCHDOWN TARS
— ADMISSION —
Nights ind Sunday
35c
Week Day Mitincos
25c
Children
10c
Plus Tax
L4irA¥£TU
TODAY and TOMORROW 'SHIRLEY'S GOING TO TARE YOU ON A JITTERBUO JAMSOREEi
h t-
(h
* r
mtm"",.m^^rZii^ f-::'"f-«-'iteilB^afeir^rfs
Bluejackets Arrive Today For Dad s Day Battle
Riveter Distance Team Vies For State Honors Seven Riveter cross country men will journey to Indianapo-
lis to take part in the annual Indiana state distance meet, to be held op the Butler University course tomorrow at 11 a. m. The squad will shove off at seven tomorro'w morning so that
they will get there in plenty of time for the meet. Three schools have entered the running of the Big State’s
schools, while five teams will : :—■ . . . —■ supply the competition in the dual victories in their undefeated Little State meet. With Indi- season. In several past meets' be-
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley -
Swivel Hips
ana’s undefeated schedule in
tween Notre Dame and Indiana,
.j 1 , -VT -i^ Mitchell has been able to beat Hundual ineets and Notre Dame jjuj; whether he will this time and the Riveters on about is doubtful, as Hunter might have equal calibre, a close meet is ex- reached his peak since setting the
pected with the Hoosiers slightly new recoi'd.
rated favorites. ^ The Boilermakers will enter the Butler Favored match with four meets on the debit Of the schools in the tittle State side of the ledger, while losing one meet, Butler will rule as favorites to Indiana. Western Michigan, Ohio against such teams as Earlham, de- State, Illinois and Wisconsin afl fending, champions, Wabash, De- ^o^ed to the Eiveters. Those men Pauw and Ball State. The Bulldogs who finished in the first seven places will have the advantage of running time trials and who will repcourse in addition to resent the Riveters are Duesler, having a better than average team Kinder, Roach, Seward, Lynch, Ash-
this year’. well and Harrer.
In the Big State meet, the meet I*'diana Beats Riveters Again will bring together two of the bet- Indiana defeated the Boilermaktcr distant men in the Middle West, ers for the sixteenth time in the namely: Hunter of Notre Dame and last seventeen years and' also beat Mitchell of Indiana. Hunter last Michigan State 19-36, in their two' week proved his ability by setting' meets. The squad consists of Tom a new record in the three and a half Judge, Mitchell, Charles Labotka,
mile course at Loyola, while Notre and Paul Kendall.
Dame was defeating Illinois, the Since both Notre Dame and thp team which the Boilermakers beat Riveters defeated Illinois, they in a dual meet a couple of weeks should finish rather close together, ago. This record was originally held though pi'pbably behind Indiana, by Mehl of Wisconsin, who took it said Coach Homer Allen. The run away from Greg Rice, the distant between Mitchell and Hunter may runner from Notre Dame, who was help decide the meet one way or such a flea in the ointment against another for the Boilermakers, as the Riveters a couple of years ago. these men will try to defeat each ' Mitchell, the other star in the other and give the chance for the meet, has led the Hoosiers to two Boilermakers to come from behind.
SCHOOL OF IMLniCI N«i ■ CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION, .
FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE
Beginner’s, Wednesday, November 11th
7:30 P. M.
Advanced, Thursday, November 12th (artlk. 7:30 P. M. I Ferry Sts. L« ft 1 Lafayette ENROLL NOW
After the last three week ends we think that it shows p’ersisteiide in the nth degre for us to even stick our heads out of thc hple W® predicted ourselves into last week at this time. Our Ouija board muit'have stripped a gear. Anyway, these upsets just can’t continue. We keep dssurihg ourselves, so here goes again. .y.N ' i The battered Boilermakers entertain the Great Lahes cqhiingeni In Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow. With some of theiir .top plkyers . . Smock, Hajzyk, Warren, Leugo ... occupying the heuch ad a result of injuries and the prospect of an ocean of mud to play in, the day doesn’t look too bright from here. The Great Lakes gang hhsfabout the heaviest team in circulation. They have played at bdst spotty football this season—beating Iowa 25-0, Pitt 7-6 and then losing to Wisconsin and Michigan State. The Sailors’ line averages a mere 218 pounds and the foster is composed entirely of collegiate and pro stars. If they are in a mood to roll, the Riveters will probably have their hands full. On the other hand, Elmer Burnham has been schooling his squad all week in aerial warfare with Johnny Andretich, Ed Cycenas, Henry Stram and Bill Burghardt flipping them. Andy Berkley will be ready to go again Saturday and his speed will bolster the Boilermaker attack. Tony Berto is still troubled with a bad shoulder left over from the Wisconsin game, and wl^ile his passes cbmpleted record is the best on the team, he will probably see little action. If the Boilermakers can click in the air they have a good chance of taking another reef in the Sailors’record for the season. The ,coip^.says they’ll do if,,.14-13,, The current Western Conference leaders, the Wisconsin Bkdgers, are heading for Iowa City and the Hawkeyes this week end. The powerful Bkdger machine that squelched the Buckeyes last Saturday is trying to think of reasons why it Should be afraid of the lowans, without outstanding success. Wisconsin should emerge on top by a score of 16-0. Indiana will be busily engaged tomorrow in trying to register their first conference win against the Golden Gophers. They’ll be a little too busy, despite the speed and power that their backfield has.; evidenced in conference competition to date. We’re picking the Gophers . . . 19-7. Then, there’s Northwestern and Illinois. From a pre-season perspective there appears to be no good reason why the Illini should have such a good record, or why the Wildcats should have come along this far in the season without annexing a conference game. If Illinois is going to be the victim of a jinx this season it will probably be provided by their upstate rivals, but we think Illinois should drop the Wildcats by about a 20-13 margin. Ohio State, still wondering what hit them last week, will take the field against an unpredictable Pitt team. Having made our excuse, we will recoi’d a 26-7 triumph for the Buckeyes in our books' and hope that they are as mad as we think they are. The powerful Michigan Wolverines, defeated only once by Minnesota and an official oversight, will meet the Crimson of Harvard. The two learns’ records are similar in that the Crimson has only won one game and that a fourth period surprise to Princeton, Harvard and the world in general last week. Even with Harvard definitely on the upgrade, the Wolverines should take their visitors by about 21-0. . Notre Dame and Army will fight it out in one of the better games of the day. Army, although dumped with a dull thud by Penn last week, 19-0, is still one of the top teams in the country and has a good chance of surprising the Irish. However, to be on the safe side wei’ll call it 14-6—Notre Dame.
Massive Sailor Eleven Opposes Boilermakers
PURDUE
McCaffry O’Bryan DeMaria Leugo Ruggieri (AC) French Smerke Snyder Stram Andretich Bachmann OFFICIALS-
Bobby Sweiger, former backfleld star for the Minnesota eleven which copped the Big Ten crown irt 1940 and 1941, will face the Riveters from the right halfback slot tomorrow. Sweiger is 22 years old, weighs 215 pounds, is six feet tall, and has a coxswain’s rating in the Navy. At present he is attached to the recruit training division. Line Behemoth
PROBABLE LINEUPS
Pos GREAT LAKES
LE.... — , Preston XT Odsoti - ..... XG Radovieh e Pitry RG......... ‘ Zarndis RT........ Barlber . ..RE. Mnlleneftnx ...QB Mucha XH Smith RH...„ Anderson FB Swjtigiir -Referee, Rbllie Barnum, Wisconsin; umpire, John Wil-
son, Ohio State; field judge, L. R. Dilweg, Marquette; head linesman,
E, F. Cigrand, Northwestern.
By Sheldon Watson
A powerful aggregation of Bluejackets from Great Lakes will invade Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. to provide stiff competition for the somewhat battered crew of Boilermakers. The game will be the feature event of the Dad’s Day celebration. Great Lakes’ powerful combination will be out to lengthen its victory ^ ' ■ '■ stride, having won from Mis- field combination built around souri’s Big Six champions last Smith, former Minnesota weekend All-American. The Sailor Hne is composed of former professional Saturday’s colorful event and collegiate stars that average will be the second war-time 218 pounds. Despite these factors, meeting of the two teams. The first the battered Boilermakers' are hopeclash took place in November of ful that an effective aerial attack 1918. George Halas, Paddy Dris- may provide a few surprises for the coll and Jimmy Conzelman, prede- Sailors, cessors of the current crop of Sai- Boilermakers Battered lor gridiron gr^ts, sparked the Great Lakes Bluejackets will be Bluejackets to a '27-0 victory. in perfect physical condition for the Sailors Will Strut battle tomorrow. On the BoilermakA crowd of between 10,000 and er side of the ledger, the picture is 15,OOOspeetators is expected to flow entirely different. Kenny Smocfe, ' star halfback, is still on the side-
The Sailor troupe will make its
PHONE 2150
II
Two of Indiana’s basketball men, Dick Wittenbraker and Warren Lewis, of New Castle, have hitchhiked their way more than 2,000 miles this fall. But Wittenbraker and Lewis won’t be in Minneapolis, this Saturday. Branch McCracken, Indiana’s hardwood mentor, put his boys to work this week.
Great Lakes Scores O- Michigan 9 25....: Iowa 0 7 .Pittsburgh 6 7.: Wisconsin .......13 0 Mich. State 14 17. .. Missouri 0
Formals for MIllTAliY BiliL
$
12’^^ and
up
Formal season once again . . . The Military Ball . . . make a brilliant evening even gayer with a formal from LOEB’S.
JVew. Qhiffons % Velveteens % Taffeta
Velvets Nets
IVhitey Blacky New Pastels Sizes 9 to 17
r^k-. ft#.
One of the bulwarks of the Bluejackets forward wall is Len Levy, former All-American guard and tackle from Minnesota, who saw service with the College All-Stars against the Chicago, Bears in last summer’s All-Star tilt. Levy’s talents do not stop with the pigskin as he holds the National Intercollegiate and National AAU heavyweight wrestling championships. Wildcats,mini Meet in Anniversary Tilt Evanston, 111., Nov. 4—The 50th anniversary of the first Nortluvest-ern-Illinois football game will be observed when the two teams clash at Dycho stadium Saturday, Nov. 7, in the 36th game of the historic rivalry. On, Wedrtesday, Oct. 12, 1892, N9rthwestern’s football team, accompanied by four student rooters, travelled to Champaign where that afternoon they met the Illini in the first football game ever played between the two schools. The game was called qn account of darkness with: the score tied at 16 to 16. Five hundred spectators witnessed the game. Since the opening game, the two teams have met 35 times with the Illini holding an edge of 17 victories agginst 15 for tlie Wildcats. Three games ended in tics. The teams have met annually since 1927. Eight of the 12 living, members of Northwestern’s ’92 team will attend Saturday’s game to observe their 50th reunion and to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the opening of the' Illinois series. Wisconsin Holds Bciskefbalt Clinic Madison, Wis., Nov. 5—With the cage season just around the corner, the Univei'.sity of Wisconsin basketball coaching staff will off'er state high school coaches an insight on the newest developments in the game at a coaching' clinic which will be held in Madison at 3:30 p.' m. on Nov. 20 and 10 a. m. on Nov, 21. Among the leading' speakers to he featured at the conclave are the Badgers’ head court mentor, Har-' old (Bud) Foster, and his chief aulo, Fritz Wegner. The Badger varsity squad will also supply help by putting the theories of the coaches into action. ' , In addition, high scoring John Kotz, forward Bob Sulli'van, and center Ray Patterson will stage a special exhibition of orie-handed shooting. /
lines with an ankle injury. Bob
„ . ^ , . , , . Hajzyk, first string quarterback, first stop-over here today, being u 1.1 u i , , , f , . will probably be a spectator in the scheduled to arrive over the Big , 4.4.1 u 41 4.1. 4. 11 t i „ 4 , T. 4 4 battle because of the tackle S'houlFour at 12:42 p. m. Immediately , , . , • 4.1: t 4.’14; . der he received in the Iowa tilt,
following arrival, the squad will d 4
head for Ross-Ade Stadium for a W vi ^ v ., , ■ , Coach Lt. Tony Hinkle and hia light workout and then resume the o -i -n 4. i 4.1. 4: u •4.1. 4 . 4 . 4 T ..4 Sailors Will take the field With two journey by train to Indianapolis to - t>. 4 4. • i.- 4 _4j 41. ■ 1 4 former Riveter stars in his starting spend the night. lineup. Basil Retry and Paul AnTonight the Great Lakes squad , n ^ 4 41. 44 , , derson will perform at the positions and coaches will be guests at a dm- .g , j 4, xi. i 4 41. T J. * 44 , they once played for the Boilemiakner at the Indiana A. C, and will 4 j • ux i. 14:1. 1 , , ■ . ers, center and right halfback, rereturn here tomorrow morning on , tx v r, x, 4, „ 1 • 111, 4 spectively. Italo , Rossi, former the Big hour, being scheduled to ar- , ,1 4, 41. m i' j u • 4 44 00 mi. J Ml tackle for the Black and Gold is exrive at II :38 a. m. The squad will .14 ' x- • xi. , , , 4 4, 7* . 4 pected to see some action in the
have luncheon at the Memorial 1 4 ,•
Bluejacket line.
In their first five games, the. Sal-,
—— lors were impressive statistically, in into Ross-Ade Stadium before game everything but touchdowns. Th^ time/ An added half-time atti;ac- have averaged nearly 250 yards per tion for the fans will be the dress game, while defensively the bilge parade by the 800 sailors attending Bluejacket line gave up but two 'the Naval Training School at our touchdowns in the five games with institution. In addition to this, the two more by passing and . two on precision formations of the Boiler- runbacks of intercepted passes. Bob maker Military Band will take Sweiger, another former Minnesota place. star, has recorded th,^ bulk of the According to most of the nation’s gains for the Great Lakes squad sports writers, the powerful Blue- in their first five tilts. In 60 atjacket team will have an edge over tempts, Sweiger has gained 282 the Boiled-makers. Backing, up their yards for an average of 4.7 yards predictions is the powerhouse back- per try. Wolverines, Harvard Renew Rivalry; Played First In 1881 ANN ARBOR, MICH., Nov. 4—The University of Michigan resumes one of its oldest f ootball rivalries here Saturday when the Wolverines face Harvard, which first appeared on a Mich-
igan grid schedule in 1881.
Michigan’s first football team was organized in 1879 and the only opponents met in that year and 1880 were Racine —— — and Toronto. In 1881 the WolS SV'' ^ played Harvard, Yale I t ISSlxlC \0*%Ja\0lBCU and Princeton and Saturday’s
clash will be the eighth with
the Crimson.
Harvard took its first four engagements with Michigan, in 1881,1883,1895 and 1914, but has dropped the last three which were played in 1929, 1930 and 1940. The biggest score of the series was that chalked up two years ago at Cambridge when Tom Harmon arid hia
mates beat Harvard 26-0.
Reports from the east indicate that Harvard is much better than its record would indicate. In the game with Army, rated as one of the east’s best teams, the Crimson eleven staged a last-ditch fight against superior odds which thrilled the 35,000 fans on hand. Army Won, 14-0.
Comeford Paces Crimson
Halfback Jack Comeford paces the Crimson attack and in addition
the head basketball position and in being a powerful runner is just 1931 he added , the head football as good on the throwing end of forcoaching job as well as being named ward passes. Teaming with him in athletic director. the backfield are Walt Wilson at the Butler football teams under the other half, Wayne Johnson at fulldirection of Lt. Hinkle won 44 back and George Waters at quarter, games, lost 16 and played six ties, With the Crimson eleven makscoring 1,285 points to opponents’ ing one of its rare appearances in 500. The Bulldogs won se’yen con- the middle west, Michigan will be sccutive Indi a n a Intercollegiate shooting for its 11th straight victory Conference football championships in ihtersectional competition. The from 1934 to 1940. He had unde- string was started with a 7-0 win foated elevens in 1936 and 1939. His over Penn in 1937 and includes three basketball squads also were highly more triumphs over Penn, two over successful, winuing a claim to the Yale and one ehch over Californift, national title in 1929, Harvard, Pittsburgh and Columbia.
Chicago, Butler Major Sports Lt. Hinkle, head of the coaching staff and director of all football activities at Great Lakes, began his collegiate athletic career at the University of Chicago in 1916. He participated in four sports—football, basketball, baseball and soccer— and hia brilliant achievements lu'ought him recognition as one pf only two athletes to be awarded nine
letters at the.Midway.
After his gi-aduation, Lt. Hinkle remained at Chicago as assistant to A. A. Stagg in basketball, but in 1921 he was appointed by Butler University as head baseball coach and assistant in football and basketball. Five years later he assumed'A '
Purdiie Esipoheht
Fridi,,^-, Nommber 6^^1942
Looking, probably, for an appropriate spot to plant a laugh is “Rochester,” shown above as he appears in “Tales of Manhattan,” 20th Century-Fox’s star-studded triumph, opening at the Mars Theatre,
Saturday.
Bond Caravan To Visit Here The war savings staff in Indianapolis has announced that the war bond victory caravan will visit Lafaj^ette on November 9. This convoy known as the “Victory Caiavan” will present a program designed to sell war bonds in each of the 62 towns it will visit during its tw'o weeks’ tour of Indiana. The caiavan is made up of fifty units of motorized equipment and J.50 men of the 798th battalion of military police, including a crack drill team platoon. The program w ill show' mechanized equipment in action, precision military drills using revised manual of aims, the new “walkie-talkie” field communication system, and a quantity of modern
equipment.
PIA Notes Last night at the PIA board banquet which was held in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union, senior executive keys were presented to Dick Sleeper, president; Maxine Abshier, coed executive; Jim Bray, treasurer; Joe Watson, political chairman; Ruth Miller, women’s activities chairman; Keith Gustafson, publicity manager; A1 Jackson, Cary Club i-epresentative; Joe Mogavero, SC A representative; Don Stoner, Bob Plummer, Earnie Fink and Jim'■Hughes, Ward chairmen.
Annual Freshman Speech Contest Begins Thursday Annual Beveridge Speech contest has been set as .November 12 and November 24 for the preliminaries and finals, respectively. This contest opens the University’s program of intramural competition in public speaking and is the first and best opportunity given freshmen to enter the debating activities of the school. Finalists in the contest will automatically become members of the freshman debate squad. The contest, formerly known as the Ankeny contest, enters its sixteenth year. The freshman winning the contest will receive as a permanent possession the Hays Cup, a silver loving cup. To the organization winning the largest number of points, according to the scale, the Ankeny Cup will be given foi one
year.
Pertinent Topics The speeches are to be on the topics, “What Are We Fighting For?” and .“College Students and Draft”. They should be five minutes in length for the preliminaries and ten minutes in length for the finals. All freshman men, organized or unorganized, are eligible and each organization may enter as many contestants as it wishes. The contestant must name the organization he represents before the contest if he wishes that organization to be given points foi his placing. Entry Rules Entiies must be made before 5 o’clock Wednesday, November 11. in Room 386 (Debate Office) in the Union. Judges for the preliminaries will be made up of members of the speech staff. Judges for the 'finals have not been selected. Further details may be obtained at the office of the University Debate Manager, Room 386 of the Union, or from house debate managers. Former Student Gains Position With NECA Geiald W. Weston, EE ’13, has been appointed as assistant to the general manager of the National Electrical Contractois Association, having taken up his duties at the N. E. C. A. headquarters office in New York on November 1. For seven yeais, fiom 1916 to 1923, Weston was executive secretary of a national association of woodenware manufacturers, and then left that organization to take up the position of executive-man-ager of the electric league in Kansas City, and also the duties of sec-
Sn, JhsL ChwudisiA. Purdue Chri-stian FoundationIn the Church' Buililing-p 6th & North St. 9:30—Student Class. Prof. J. H. Lefforge of the Agronomy department will speak on the subject, “Some Objectives For the Task”— under the general theme for the year, “Build Today For a Christian World.” 10:40-—Church Worship Service. The sermon by Rev. Doyle Mullen will be the last in a series dealing with the Christian Church as a Brotherhood. At the YMCA— 7th & Columbia St. 5:00—Sunday Evening Forum. (Note change in time and place.) Program is limited to recreation, singing and refreshments, as a service to the USO, and because w'orship and discussion will come later—in the first Mass Meeting of the Religious Emphasis Week. At Fowler Hall— On the Campus 7:30—Mass meeting with President Wildman of DePauw speaking. All out for the first session of Religious Emphasis Week. University Presbyterian Church North St. near Grant John W. Findley, minister William Morgan, Choir Director Nancy Youn.g, Organist 9:30—Sunday School. Discussion of the life of Christ as told by Mark in his Gospel will be held in Dr. G. H.,Graves’ class. 10:30—Morning Worship Service. “Seek Ye The Lord,” by Roberts will be the anthem sung by the choir. John Mingle will sing the solo. The •subject of Rev. Findley’s sermon will be “Some Distinctions Between Good and Bad.” 6:00—Sunday Supper Club. After the supper the members will go to Fowler Hall to attend the first convocation of Religious Emphasis Week. President C. E. Wildman of DePauw w'lll b4 the speaker.
retaiy manager of the Electric Association of that same city. Under Weston’s direction the Electric Association of Kansas City has promoted successful electric and radio expositions, refrigeration shows and cooking schools and conducted cooperative campaigns. Weston w'as formerly the president of the International Association of Electrical Leagues and is at present a member of the board of directors. He also has taken an active part in the Chamber of Commerce and other civic activities of Kansas City.
bad's Day
(Contihued from page 1) gram will be Very infbrmal, and a musical program featuring imitatioirs will be given by Dave JJalL All of tho fathers and the stu-* dents and even the forgotten mothers are urged to attend the'special convocation which will be held in the South ballroom of the Union. The program will begin at 7:46 p,^ m. and last until about 9 p. m. The fathers will have a chance to get acquainted with head coach Elmer Burnham and “Red” Mackey and Ward “Piggy” Lambert. The musical part of the program will be under the direction of A1 Stewart, and the Concert Choir will furnish tha melodies for the dads. A short talk will be given by Prof. C. E. Damon and the high spot of the program will be a colored moving picture of University life. This movie has never before been shown to the public. A special Dad’s Day mixer will wind up the program for the fathers. This dance w'ill feature the music of Maury Mahns and his orchestra. Ether Edits By Eddie Hornadav Master of Ceremonies Durw'ard Kilby doesn’t mind having' guest stars on Club Matinee. In fact, he welcomes them. But w'hat happened on a recent broadcast of the Blue Net’s afternoon clambake shouldn’t, according to Durward, happen to a dog. The guest was Clyde R. Powell, prominent safety engineei, w'ho w'as billed to give some facts about his profession. He turned out to be a magician too, and proved it (among other things) by pulling a stuffed skunk out of Kirby’s coat collar and some coins out of his hair. When Eaiie lanncr, who is Kirby’s severest critic, saw the skunk, he was heard to mutter, “I always knew there was something about this program.” Tho Romeos, allegedly underpaid trio, thought Kirby should learn more about the coinproducing trick, and the cast generally had a number of unflattering parallels to draw from Mr. Powell’s magic. It is rumoicd that Kiiby will fi isk all guest stars in the future.
Wesley Poundatien To Give Breakfast Sunday morning all Methodist freshman on the campus are invited to a breakfast sponsored by Wesley Foundation. The group is to meet in the West Lounge of the Union at 8 a. m. The breakfast will be held in the cafeteria and each may buy whatever he wishes. Following the breakfast, Beth Ludberg, Burlyn Michel, Catherine Jane Warren and Wilbur Harrer will tell the group about the Wesley Freshman Commission which is to be organized
soon.
Lutheran Students . . . will be entertained in tho Krefting home at 483 Littleton street on Sunday evening. The party will start at 7:30 and will feature movies, food and entertainment. Sigma Alpha Mu . . . announces the initiation of tho following men: Gordon Goodman, West Lafayette; Gerald K. Weinnerg, Madison, and Ernest Gordon, Flossmoor, 111.
All Women Swimmers: ric(ciniiinp! ballet proup wilJ ^pi’actice every Monday at 4 :30 p. tn. All interested come then. Advanced group will practice every Thursday at 6 p. m. —JOHNSON SCA Members; The regular board mt^eting will be hold Tue‘-dav, November 10,/at 7:30 p. III. An invitation is extended xo all SCA members lo listen to our sponsor, Dean Goldsmith, and to lake p«art in the discussion that will .follow. Please be prompt. —MOGAVERO All Male Students; Enlistments in the Enlisted Reserve Coips of the Army cloU’b on DcccmlKr 31, 11)42. If you desire enlist and have not yet applied, your application bheiild bo placed immediately m Room B4 in the basement of the Armory. —GRAHAM AH Freshman Men: Entries for tho Beveiidge Speech Contest must be made beforo 5 o'clock Wednesdav, November 11. For full details on the cotnest, ‘ce your house debate manager or cull at the Fordidc office, room 38G of the Union, anv wtek day between 4 and 6 p. m. — ROSS Tan Beta Pi: Meeting postponed until Tuesday, November 10. at 7:30 p m in room 263 of the Union. It is verv important that all memberb be present. -YOUNGBLOOD Scpt.-bcl. Code Group: Qualification Cortiheates may be obUiiiud in tlie Supply Room in the Armoiy by tliose sluddUs of the Scptember-Oclobev Code Gioup that xjualified at 6 w p m. or better. IIBSTERBERG Chinese Students: Meeting on Fiida>. November 6, at 7 p m. at tin* residence of Mr. and Mrs. Cole, 231 Wood strcol.
LIANG
Roger Williams Foundation: Picthr^’of xoitiro Foundation to be taken inimrdidtely ^fter tho Church Service Sunday, November 8, 1942. • —SCHUMACHER Roger WiUinms Foundation; Meeting irt Cynthia Jones Hall for tho Sunday service for the next two weeks. Immediately after the service a photograph will bo taken of the members and friends of the Foundation. —OSTERWILD ' Triton Club: Regular meeting Tuesday at 7:30. Please attend, very important. —BRAWNE Ncwjnan Club: There will be no breakfast after the 9 :30 Mass Sunday. —BRAWNE Gimlet cllil) : For Satui day's game please have your girls with their sorority sisters so that tho pledges can have their right scats. Watch for notice of coming dinner meeting. —FRASER All Women Students: Woman Gym conftiLnce tomorrow at 4 p. m. Round table discussion. —MAGU'TH
Lutheran Students: Movie at the home of Mr. and Mr Inttlelon Street, 7:30 p. r \eiuboi 8.
if Food and Fun i. Kroftmg, 483 1. Sunday, No—WALLACE
Scri\cncr.s; Mooting Sunday night at 7 :oU in room 212 of the Union. Come and bung manuscripts. —DRAY Alpha Lambda Delta: Since the dinner in honoi of distinguished WRH students j.s Tuesday evening, Iho Alpha Lambda Delta meeting will be at 8:30 in South Hall living room. Mr. Barney Schmidt will speak. —RIGGS
Skull and Crescent; Ph Tuesdav, No\ember 10
Delta Theta house at 7 p. m.
ill bo hold it the Phi
Notices
Reserve Officers: All students hobling commissions in the Organized Reserve Cori>s report lo the Adjutant in the Armoiy as soon as convenient. ■—RIORDAN Navy V-7: Juniors and seniors who are assembling papers supporting their request foi enlistment in V-7 who are under 21 vears of ago must submit throe copies of parents consent properly notarized. Copies of this form (Niuy 100) may be obtained at my office. -KNAPP Poultry Science Club: Thei'O is to bo a \(iy important meeting November 12. Everyone interested in poultry is uigod to attend. — BOOKER Phi Lamlidn Upailon: Meeting for eloction of piedgts pt^tponed. Date will be announced later —MAIER Fraternity Rush Chairmen: Cary Hull rush is now open. However men cannot be pledged until second semester
—WILCOX
Alpha Phi Omega; The annual banquet will bo hi Id Sunday, Nov. 11 For reservations and partiLuIars, ei u oi call Kuck, 251 SW Cary Hall, immediately.
- BENDER
Gimlet Club: l^adilUs have armed, and may be obtained from mo bj coming to the Phi Psi house at an> time. —FRASER
-SPRIGGS Model Railroad Club; Constiuction b'gins Saturday. Nov. 7. at 7 p ifi. on tu*w layout in Union sub-basement Mimbei.s louiit then lo work on track gang. ARMSTRONG E and R Student Fellowship. Theie will bo a meeting fiom 5 to 7 p. m. Sunday, Nov. 8. at the residence of Dr. Elliker, 5f4 Waldron. Rev Harold Nelson of Indianapolis Wjll talk and load a discussion on “Longlange Peace Objectives Light oupper will be served with cost shared. Lot’s incroase the attondance. — STOECKEL Uiffery: Ml giLij!r-«mu‘'l have si\ ritlerv practices oomplttod ^J-thin tho next two WLcks Make up piacticos on MoiuUiv. liKs(lay or Tlfursday nights. -WILBUR Zouaves: Foimal pledging at 1*15 lodav in the Aiinury Uniforms will b'* worn The tolluvvnig nanud pledges '-hould uioiL; Bob Mnyfielcl, Bob Wilkinson, K» ith Lau. Seth BuigesS, Eugene Roy. Gtoigi 1 odg ■ Bob Griffin, Tloward Anderson, I\i. Young, V Jennings C. Wolviiton, D Mur M. GalJuci. E. Stockir, W Bdbei, W Phillip., R Shalton, H Goldman, R Kerklin, W' TCnipi. Labus and Hannum JACKSON ASME: Meeting 'Iiiesdav Novembir 10. room 108 of tlu Mrchanual Budding Ml Lambell ol th" Bi.tjsb Air ('omini'-sion on “THl Trend of Airciaft Phigini Design”
LLOYD
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding iwacnTnos, ail makes sold, rented, rtpairod, and purchased. MLimo^ ograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost — Satuiday, gold-nmmcd glasaos. Needed uigently Call L Hd), 7721. Young lady for full time, or minimum hall time, assistant bookkeeping position. Appl> at Southworth's mornings
Young man for full time, or minimum half time, shipping and stock room Work. Ap))lv Southwoith’s mornings.
» DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert- Repair Service SOUTHWORTH’S
HMmmmm test proves vm zohe
m MATTER HOW OHEN YOU SMOKE IT
Exponent Sena kevs should see in
Those dc'-n mg gold —GJEMRE
/ s..- " "Ns K' \ ■SIP
Ginny Simms, shining stai, Mistress of Ceremonies and soloist of NBC’s Johnny Presents, is a smart g’irl with a .slick way of communicating with her family in code every Tuesday night. When Ginny signs off her program with “Thanks and good night,” she is telling her homei^lks “Send the car for me.” When her last words on the air are “Good night and thanks,” she is saying, “Don’t bother to send for me. I have a date.”
Pistol Team Tryouts: Tho following .students aio requested to i oport at tho Armoiy at I p, ni Monday, Novombor 9, to try out for the pistol team ; J. B. Schlossberg, W. P. Stevenson, W. T. Buschmann, E Usdin, R W. Leightv, B G. Harmon, J. M. Howard, D. Bodkin, S. Gulhekben and J M Pearson. -BROWN
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
AVOID THIS
Call Early for a YELLOW CAB
for DAD’S DAY week-end
pOR a clear and convincing picture of the course of notional and foreign affairs, look to The Wash< ington Merry-Go-Round. You'll find in this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put and authentic facts you wont to know—and, in these days, need to know. You'll find out who's who back of the ballyhoo, the influences underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round appears
DREW PEARSON
THE PUHDUE EXPDIVEIT
\hi>i
iV-
■4 .
,1
' 3
f iH
? I