Before AHnwd CoHfer^nde Apliroximatel^ 100 teachers are ex^jected to be present at the registration fof the annual conforehce of the ItidiUna AsSociiation, which
istry Building.
Test Tube Village Nears
CoUdtjpiictidir Speeded By Spring Weather
Cold weather caught the housing project, public utilities, and roadmen at a critical time. liowever progress is again in full swing as i^ious homing otg^suzaUdiis are again building; the public servicers are laying pipes and cables in excavated tteiiches, and roads are being completed. The University housing project is expected to be completed by iatiy^ih Tbe concrete foundations of the stucop house had !Nen erected before weather conditions made it impossible to pnoeeecl with tonther work; however, the . roof is now Completed and the w^ been filled With insulation/^ - w sashes have been installed, the extenor stuccoed with the exception of the final coat, and the inside is now beinjg completed.
Sturdy Structures The house being erected by General Houses, Inc., stood weather conditions much better and is now practically finished except for treatment of the concrete floors, and connecting Watet, gas, electrical, telephone, and sewage services. This house is made of steel frame YCoTitimied on page 4V
Discuss Edii^c^^ For Women Not^ Aviatrix Will Confer
With FacuIty.^ : Followng a period of student conferences this morning from 10:30 to 12 o’clock in the office of the Dean of Women, Mrs. Amelia Earhart Putnam Will confer at 3 o’clock this afternoon with several faculty members on the subject ‘*N,ew Developments in Higher Education for Women.”
A tentative list of those who will be present at the conference includes besides the deans of the schools. Professors Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, Amy L. Howe, Amy I. Bloye, Edith Gamble, Laura B. Hadley, Helen W. Hazelton, and Harriet O’Shea. Pres. E. C. Elliott also expects to attend the conference, and in the absence of Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, who called the conference and who will not able to be present, Miss Claire A. Coolidge, her assistant, will attend. Announcement was made yesterday that Mrs. Putnam will be the guest of Cary Hall East at an informal dinner tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock, Several other guests from the faculty will be preseht. When she was here in November, she was the guest of Cary Hall North. Mrs. Putnam will continue Her student conferences tomorrow morning from 10 to 12 o’clock in the Dean Of Women's office, and Will probably leave the campus Sunday. Mr. Putnam left for New York Wednesday night.
Sigiti A Alpha Mu
ffighai JHa Mh ahhoultices thO' following initiates: J. lj, Coheni Chicago; G; D^^ Ghicago; S, J, Heiss, Chicago; E; W. Heller, Par Rbckaway, N, Yi| E. Khmmi^iih^^ J. M. Rosenberg; Chhiiagoi
graduate students until 2;30 o’clock. When the initial meeting of the group Will be called to order in room 106 by Frank B. Wade, of Shortridge high school in Indianapolis, Dr, D; W, Pearce, of the University chemistry department, will deliver the first address titled ’^Recent Advancements in Rare Earth Chemistry”, following which Dr. H. B. Hass will discuss the synthesis of natural hydrocarbons. Consider Grading System K. C. Conn will speak on “The Point System in Grading” and Dr. H, Hunt will discuss metallic solutionsi to toftfiadl the^^^^ o’docfc; litotmal tospeqtion University; And its fiadlities will follow.'.:- .
known to Purdue students as the htisbanfi of Amelia Earhart, left Lafayatte late Wedflasday bight for Indianapolis Vhere he hoarded a T.W.A. transport tot New York City. On the way to Indianapolis, Mr. Putnam spokp freely of his past experiences, and told of his impressions of the notables of the silver screen with whom he has had a great deal of contact as a executive in the New York offices of Paramount. Autograph Hounds Evidently life in public places is far from a bed of roses for a fam-
■; iRanquet:'Tohight ; . At 6:45, the evohing session will open with a dinner in toe Home Ecphomics Bmldlhg/ Dr. R. N. Shreye iviil act as toastmaster, troducing Pri^. E, C:' Elliott, who will deliver a j^eeting/ At toe sesdon, Mr. F. B. Wade mil speaks o “Maii^ade Gems”,: ' Registration will be continued tomorrow morhing from 8:30 until 9 o’clock in room 206 of the Ghemistry Buildmg. The morning meeting, with P. B, Wade presiding, will begin with toe appointmeht of toe nominating committee by the cliair. Lectures by Dr. L. A. Test, of Purdue ; Prof. H. T. Briscoe, of Indiana; Prof. E. F. pegering, Of PUrdue, and; W. C. Geisler, of Shortridge high school;, in Indianapolis, will comprise the session which will close at 11:30. Election Of Officers The afternoon session will feature tlie Junior Academy of Science with Prof. H* E, Enders, dean of the school 'of science, presiding. Business meetings, round table discussions, lectures, and election of officers for; the organization will complete the afternoon session and bring the conference to a close.
Trees; Lose^ : $2 SS Oh Grimm Fate!
(By The Ra™ Reporter) Charley Trees, Sigma Nu, ever pursued by a Erimm destiny, lost $156 last night fay neglecting to attend the Mars or Luna Theatres. Reputedly the only University student whose name has ever been called in these drawings, Charley can now only berate himself in vain for his cbstly negligence, and imagine how nice it would have been to have ail that money tossed at him, but we’ll bet he sees more and more movies from now on. Several of his fraternity bfpthers were present and acted- as judges at the drawing. Too bad they could not produce him when his naifie was called, but they of course,-be-ing a Trees, he may have been having $166 worth of fun somewhere else. ■ . .
Sigtiia Didta
Sets DaM
Sikhih Uelta Chi, pfdfessiphul jourhalisliic ffatefiiity, last ; ni$fit set May 17 as the date; for toe uWard of toe Leatoer Medal; annual banquet it epoueofs. One hf tim Molest hoiip^ ^hh year on a faculty merahefi toe Leather Medal :was uVrat'ded laet year to Prof. W. A. Kiiapp, assist-; aht deun of tfie schools of engiheerihgs The mefial itself is on dieplpy throughout the yeer in toe lobby ef the Memorial Unipn Buildih^^^ The orgenizatiem alto a proposed inspection trip tO Indiahatolie toie month, tegethe^ plans for the banquet apd toe spring ihitiationr
Pan-HeUenic
r.
Mrs. H. C. Mahin, Mrs. De Marchus Brown To Speak At Meeting
Mrs. De Marchus Browhi, of Indianapolis, and Mfs. H; C; Malun, natiotol o&er of Alpha jl^ Del^ rority, will be toC seekers ht lA lunchepn to be held by the Lafayette Pah-Heitehic AtoPciatiph April 26: at i o’clock in the ballfoom of the Union Buildinig, Tables Will tie arrtogoA in otoeA toat members of each active chapter may sit togethef, and the topgram will be opened with each sorority sin^hg its soiigi Memibers of Pi Beta Phi Mrs. Brown, whp is well known in Lafayette, and A member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, has chosen as the subject of her talk “The Ledy, of Godey’s”. Mrs, Mahiri will give a report ph the National Pan-HelleU-ic Association meeting which Was held last sUmmet. i; Tickets,.:' Tickets may be obtained by any sorority member from the repfe sentative to the Pan-Hellenic Council from her organization; from toe alumnae representatives to the Lafayette Pah-Heliehic Associatioh, and from Mrs. W. J. Unfried or hitts. G. C; Oderkirk.
Downs; To^ddress Education
Lawrence A. Downs, Purdue ’94, and president of the Illinois Central System, will deliver one of the three main Addresses at the morn ing session of the second annual meeting of the Indiana-Illinois section of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, to be held tomorrow at the Lawson Y. M. C. A. in Chicagp, The afternoon sessions is divided into interest groups. Prof. C. L. Lovell, of the chemical engineering department of Purdue, is chairman of the Chemical Engineering group at which meeting Prof. F. D. Martin and Prof. Justus Rising will read papers. Prof. D. T. Canfield will speak before the economics for engineers group, whose chairman is F. L. Serviss, A paper prepared by Prof. J. A. Estey will be read and discussed by Prof. R. B. Wiley in this same group.; The fluid mechanics group will he led by Prof. W. E. Howland, to whose group Prof. G. A. Hawkins will show slides on the application of this subject. Prof, R. B. Abbott. Prof. C. A. Ellis, Prof. ;K. Lark-Horovitz, Prof. H. McKee, Dr. C. S. Roys, and Mr. H. G. Thompson Will Also; Present papers to different groups.
Seventeen Men
Tau Beta Pi, national all neering h 0 n o r a ry, last night pledged toe following men: R, W* Beaudlwhy, J. P. BrUbuker; J. Ei Burroughs, E? R- Greber, R, Mi Kelley, R. H. tiattef, L, F. Lischbir, R, Lloyd, R. W, LtoW,; M. E. Love, Gi Peridtib, Gi R, Petticytor* A. W. Ross, R. R. Stowart, 1). Ni Wait, H. E. WbpplffiV and S. i* Wmto-::.;'\:;'.:'.';'^';'
in toe barly hours of thb mdrniag by someone knocking bn otur hotel toom door to get an autograph. There are na eroWds---no mobs— a place such as Purdue, but in large towns, toe mppemfnaee «£ Mia Earhart Can really produce serious consequences.” Branching off oh a different topic, Mr. Putnam said that it is his ambitibn to someday ehdow a college (or was it, colleges?) with a “Chair of Articulation.” “There are many very fine college men turned out every year, but I find that the major weakness is in the art of self-expression. The courses would include journalism, speech, letter writing—- something that would teach young business men to say something besides, ‘Yours of the first instant received . . . etc.’ ” “Personality of expression”, we 'Vehtjufsd, ■ \' ;;“Yes;”.' “But about these movie stars ? ” 'we inquired,;: “I have met some very fine people since I have been associated tototobtibn totttoes, and have had sOnie vefy rpeCUliar; eximriences, I romembef one time ■when T was ehtfusted with the; safe voyage of Mariene Dietrich Whmr she was retufhing to America from Germany. I fchew toat she deteSttd: to be bothered by strangers and avoided (Ctototo^d on paffe 4)
Famed Author To Be^PresetU On May 18; Cm>* test Deadiine Extended To May 8 ^
iTieodore Dreiser, internationally famous novelist, wiR In) tl^ main speaker at the Literary banquet in the tlmon on May 18. At this banquet the winners of the literacy contest will be announced. The final date for entries has been ad-
vanced from May 4 to May 8.
new
Bom in Terre Haute, Dreiser is a broad, blond man who speaks slowly and softly-in well modulated tones. His air is very deliberate, and quiet. He first worked in atoardware store at five dollars a week; He entered Indiana University, but left after
one year.
First Newspaper Job He then entered real '^Wk but the magnetism of; newspaper work drew him. His first job as a mto w^ bn tte Ghiehgb Daily Globe. Later he became traveling correspohdeht and dtamstib bmtto fto E This was in 1892, . In 1894 he moved to Nbw Ybrk and there became editor of Every ;Mbnth, a music magaziiie. ; Ebr a time, to Gie Bfit^ public (Atibbs:: knfi ke toas editor : Of the Ameri'can Spebtotdr uhtU 1^34. During ;toispenbd to mopbiitou, McLurb’s, Cbtotoy AM ;Haf PtoA tb^gbisitos. The Brbbdway Magazine was also under his edi-
tptsffip^ ■
He is the author of a number; Of yoiumes; of fiction, drama, hon-fic-tion, some of which ha^b become world-famous. Among his works are the following: Sister Carrie,
Famous Band To Make SeeUnd AjipeaPauEe
With the lethargic strains of “Slow But Sure”, Which he composed, Charlie A g n e w ’ s thirteehpiece orchestra will inaugurate tto informal Union dance which is to be held in the ballroom tonight. Making his second appearance bn this campus, Agriew is returning from engagements at Notte Dame and Casa Madrid to star Einrie Ann Lincolm petite voealist, and debonair Lon Saxon, baritone. Agnew’s band won wide acclaim on this campus after his first appearance here at the 1936 Military Ball. Started In New Jersey , Agnew, who started his musical career in his native state of New Jersey, has been recently featured on the Lucky Strike Hour and on the Yeastfoamer’s ■ program. His band has played long engagements at the Morrison ahd Edgewater Beuch hotels in Chicago, aM recbhtly eomptoted successful stays^ at the Baker hotel in Dallas, Texas, and the St. Paul hotel, in St. Pbuh Bob Baker and his eleven-piece brehestra from Indiana, University, will appear for the first time on this campus at the regular miker in the Union ballroom tomoiTow liight. Baker’s band recently made a very successful tour of the state, visiting several other universities and playing a series of stage shows.
Experts Plan Faster, Safer Traffic
“The properly designed highway should move traffic both faster and setter; it must do both, ot it fails of its objective,” commented Lt. Ftank Kreml, puffiic; stobiY Atom
the University’s Pubiic:^Safeto^ In
Jennie Gerhardt, The Fmahcier, A Traveler at Forty, The Titbii, Elays of the Natural and SUperhatural, A Hbosier Holiday, The Hand of the Potter (a drama) , Hey-Rub-a-Dub-Dub, A Book of Essays and Philotophy. An Americah Tragtoy» Moods (verse), A Gallery of Women, My Gity, Dawn, llragic America.
Fraternity Heads Defer A^ecounting System^Action; ■ Discuss Plans For Riish Booklet At Dinner Meeting^.
Hoine Ec SetiiQrs H^isDp Gi*^ At TDa
The iast of a series of teas given by toe faculty of the school of hbme ecotomicS: fm its seniors was held Wodtotoky Afl'totoon on toe second floor of Building No, 2, Miss Echo lAtkS,' to;Ittffia,;A graduate bf toe UmVepity sOhbbl of home ecbnpmM to 19;t6y was gtost stoato*'- East todiau Catos, huts, and tea weto served by giris in Etot Indiah Costotoesi Dean Mary li. MaGtowsi presided at toe tea table. Graduate Student Miss Parks* A toadtoto atode^ here this year; to|d ol toy thirteen yeato' Ckpenbiice As A teaChto to India. She also explained toe costume display. Hindu women, she said, weah sarib. Which are long, diAPed scarfs. Mohammedan women also wear saris, or odd-shaped 'ttbuSetor.. -8to,.:'tbld:;'''bf :tto. :'yaijibU3' Unhsual btolAtoh to ttoto to<^
Fraternity presidents, last night, decided to table the current discus sibn on the possibilities of adoptirig a miiform Accounting system that would be operated through the University. This decision was reach^ after the discUssioh had taken up the major portions of toe last three meetings, and after a special committee of toe Presidents’ council had made its report. R. M. Klein, Alumnus editor, spbk® i-e the council; concerhing the plans for a publication of a ffaterhity rush booklet for the Coming summer rush, and a decision was delayed until liOXt meetihg, bCfot'e Which time the individual presidents are to discuss the booklet question at their respective chalet meetings. ^ ; The dinner meeting Was held at the new Lambda Chi Alpha house. The books of toe orgtomtoibh had beeu audited since .thC last meeting, it was reported, and no additional assessments on the chatoCrs wotod be; necessary,
AprflaSIsDeadUne Oil Anuttim^niieUts
CbmmCiicetobnt aimbtiikcements ma^ bo ofdCred at Amy time at Dea^O to SbuthWbrth’b, and ftom 4 tb 5:30 every^ aftttototo at to® ^ion. All brdeto must be to tof April'''25>' The three forms in which to®®® atoiohncementt toay be o^totoed are-to leather bOhM tolition, SeRipg toe 25 cetos; A tottoA ecto rioto' to A White matoUa^ and a five cent “dutch’^ foldto, AU
Of ordertogt
stitute, here yesterday At tM mating of city and county engineers^ Kreml further stated that the engineer must analyze the aemdeni situation before trying to solve toe problem. With this statement he outlined a plan for: collision and “spot’’ maps to aid in tins sito^* “Traffic should be regulated only as a dast resort, when the aceideht prphlem can not be solved by any other method,” he continuOto “wherever possible, tiAffic; stoMiil be safeguarded AM;directed, rtofito than restricted.” During his address he praised the highways As wonderful toats to engineering, but he sqid they were failures from the stoMMtot bf pfito lie betterment; if they shbwbd A; high Accident rate. Speed lip Traffic Leslie Sbrensbh, city traffic biigirieer of Chicago, also spoke before the group. Hie suggested metooto of speeding up traffic without toeremiing; car speed. He laid deltos in traffic movement to poor parking; arrangements, improper laning,And; the use of obsolete signal systems, According tb the speaker, an un-i necessary ten secbM delay At A traflic signal caused a loss to 440 feet for a car avtoaging SO; Mies per hour; At pototo where cara to® passintg at the rate of ctoa: per minute On a ten hour day BabiS there is a loss of 4,400,000 feet at one stop, Sorenson Also stated that in most citito to least 70 ;pto cent; of all sighals are imptoptojW titotot.^ Prof I Ben H. Petty, prbfeSsor ;to highway eMifieering to tlto Uto* versity, concluded the meettng with a discussion of several IMiaUa ttof-
fic problems.
Housing Expert T0 Viidt Hfere^Toda Miss Maud Wilson To Study Homes Built By University
Miss Maud Wfisom home eeoAotoito ekpett Ahd member to mittee l epresehting the toto® divi* sion of the American Home Ecohomics Assdeiation, will spend to--day aM tomotyow to jtotfayelt®.; The principal bhject to her vito to; to inspect the University housing project in connection with a study in housing research which to being undertaken by toe committee. WeU-Knowtt Miss Wilson is weH-known in the state of Oregon for- her Work in
C'li
was
ment to dkect part of the rural rehabilitation program. She to author
home economics problems. Among otoers, is a book issued by toe
merce on household storage spaces.. While to Lafayette,
isiimi h
Y r 1“'^ t a r^s’ n 4 % V^
Slje $urbae €xpontnt
iAMD»l8«ill MM
1935 Member 193<5> Ftosocidecl GDlle6icie Press Distributor of College Di6^t
MMlMr «f HaUonal C5oll«*» Peess AssoeSation^ B5s Tm MSfflrial AafoelmUun
“ ■ ■ ■ “ r NstiofflsB Ad^^slMB r
^▼enoe. Wew Yoffk City
BsdoBiTcly SegisaaesiteS fey N®tio®ij AdWftirisiB Serdeej Ine.
420 Htadiwn Ar
«all, I&60 per year, ddhrered Iv earrier,
per year: soM aingie eopyD 2 feenta.
Bwineaa Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Pfahna 6087
Dally Student Publication of Purdue Umiyersity
Bdltor>iB.-Chie(. Managing Editor. Aaaociate Editora
EMTOSIAI. S^AFF „ „
, .HL V. Heuaer „C. H. OampbeU
A. M, Chasteen, C. M. Hardin,
Sparta Editor
W. T. Hunt, B. H. Morris, M. G Walther
„ E Hays
Associate Sports Editors JD. Fi Mull, K. H. Walpole, !U D. Wo^ Sepfemnora Assistanta _ K. A Barnette, J E Brock, A. H Forwter,
C Harper, Jr, R. P. Manion, O L. Sadler, R C Schenk, J U ron Kara
Bold and Black Editor j W. R Ab^
BUSINESS STAFF ™ . .. v __W. A Koch
Advertising Manager _ Advertising Assistants Oircnlation Manager
_ „ „ .H. F Antonini „„L.H Brown, R. Creek, D C. Miller R J. Bulsa
Editor
WOMEN’S STAFF _ „„ _ Joyce Williams
Associate Editors „
Jieien Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Friday, April 17, 1936.
Issue Editor—^H. D, Monroe.
Faster Music, Shorter Skirts, And Joe College Popular music, it is said, reflects the spirit of the time. If the tunes are a true reflection of economic conditions, the nation IS a^ain on its way to prosperity and faster living. Back in the dark ages of the last flve or six years, the theme of songwriters seemed to reflect the melancholia that was sweeping the country. Remember when everyone was humming “Shantytowjn”, “Somebody Stole My Gal”, and the numerous other songs were treating the more gloomy aspects of life ? Every orchestra in the country had its own interpretation of “St, Louis Blues” which seemed to linger on in continued popularity. Things didn’t look so good. But today! The population is humming songs that reflect a different viewpoint on life. “Goodie-Goodie”, silly as the text of the song may be, tops the list of hits with such nonsensical rhymes as “Wahoo”, and the recently passed “Music Goes ’Round” taking noteworthy honors in popularity. The times may not be worthy contributions to the list of all-time favorites, but they do show that optimism has replaced a spirit of melancholy. The height of women’s skirts has been taken as a criterion of the times. Back in the hey-days of the 20’s, the distance between the floor and dress increased at an alarming rate, and the all-time “tops” was reached about the time of the crash. Dress height went down in proportion to stock market quotations until formals dragged on the dance floor while the old-time waltz replaced the dizzy Charleston. “Swing it” music is the spirit of the day, and if the past is an indication of the future, faster music, shorter skirts, and possibly even Joe College are about to emerge from hibernation
Flashni! Fotty Pttrdtie Co-eds Found. Froaien To Death After Phi Psi Picnic Last Night. “Laugh Clown Laugh” Noss in a private interview gave out the following opinion of co-eds: quote “Co-eds come to niy classes dressed in three styles. Some come in spring styles, some in winter styles and then some in no style at all.” Unquote—^We wonder which kind he likes best? After months of patient waiting the Pz Phis were finally awarded the three boxes of candy due them from Beta Jones and Phi Psis Hoifer and Hays. Although Hays has had his pin back for several weeks he still sent candy for two reasons: 1. The candy was ordered before he got the pm back. 2. He thinks he has a better reason to celebrate now than he did before. SOUR GRAPES Love comes on velvet-padded paws To pierce warm flesh with tiger claws, And I, with wounds too lately red Cringe at the sound of that soft tread. —^Haw. Notice to Junior Military Students: When opening with one gun fit the sheaf to the visible portion of the target. —Mike. The two Messrs. Chiistian want it known that they didn’t write this
The Mothers’ Day Smg, scheduled for May 9, could be improved by holding the event some place where the audience could be seated and where the performers could be seen.
Looking At The Earth
Now comes the cosmosarium, a glass house in which men and women may look at the earth as they might from an observation platform out in space somewhere between the earth and the moon. The planetarium, familiar to star-gazers in Chicago, New York and Philadelphia, enables people to get a miniature view of the heavens as seen from the earth. The proposed cosmosarium—^which has not gone beyond the design and model stage—^wiill take them a step further in this observation of heavenly bodies. The plan for a full-size cosmosarium calls for a glass sphere 100 feet in diameter, with a model of the earth, 20 feet in diameter, revolving upon its axis in the center. Within the dome of the glass sphere points of light will represent the positions of the stars and planets. Continents, mountain ranges, and so on, will be shown as they would look to a spectator standing at a point about one-twelfth of the distance between the actual moon and earth. There is a growing interest in popular astronomy. People who are unfamiliar with the scientiflc side of this study like to be shown the constellations and to know their names and the names of individual stars and planets. But isn’t there an easier name for it?—^R. C. S.
(Above submitted at 11.59 p. m.) Cornfed Cutie’ “Paw’s the best shot in the county, I’ll have you know.” City Slicker* “Oh yeah? What does that make me?” Cornfed Cutie. “ ^my fiance.” —Illini. Prom down in Texas comes the following list of house regulations enforced in one college town. Local sororities might well follow their example * 1. Girls are absolutely NOT to date ditch diggers, college boys, or other riff-raff 2 Always turn out the lights at 9 o’clock, even if your visitor doesn’t leave WE MUST cut down expenses. 3 Do not sit on your date’s lap. It puts wrinkles in your dress. 4. Girls will please wear BOTH stockings while entertaining gentlemen callers (except Sundays and holidays).
w.
Ap/ii tii
Cmkni four Blessings Syracuse CiHs Must Stand fo Bkone By Mary Cooley Oo-edi6 living ih tl?e Woman’s Residence Hall are fortunate that they are privileged to enjoy privacy an4 comfort as they negotiate unquestionably important matters by telephone^ The Syracuse Daily Orange recently published a short notice to Syracuse students iriterested in girls living at University Cottage. The women living at this residence are literally and figuratively up at arms since the recent change in location of the telephone. Instead of being placed so conversations may be ^earned on in comfort, the phone now hangs tw^o feet higher on the wall. Cool, Hasty Chats It has been prophesied that the former conversations which kept the wires hot for hours will now be reduced to cool, hasty chats. However, the undaunted maidens have investigated the practicability of high chairs as a possible remedy for the new phoning stance now necessary. They stoutly maintain that position is not every thing in life, at least not referring to the position of the telephone, although it IS apparently considered so by the powers that be. Count your blessings, one by one, you co-eds of the Women’s Residence Hall and begin to appieciate the privilege, not to mention the comfort, of sitting Indian fashion in the phone booth when you are fortunate enough to make communication with the outside world
iq$telSel&$8ie Asiotuhhek '
' . By A. J* Btudebakeih ^ “Thank God iot Mussoliiii,*’ said £talle Selassie, giving a toast to his eiiemy of Wat. The King of Kings made this astonishing statement to Richard Halliburton last September during att*^ afternoon interview at Dankale. The King’s assertion was prompted by the fact that Mussolini, through the invaiion of Ethiopia, in four weeks solidly united the many tribes of Selassie’s kingdom under one leader and one government. Monday evening Mr. Halliburton, noted author and lecturer, disclosed these facts in an entertaining lecture given before a crowd of 700 in the Elks’ Hall at Logansport. With the help of his magnetic personality, the author, a Princeton graduate, carried his audience of the evening upon an imaginary journey through the Ethiopia of the warpreparation period. Having been a personal guest of Haile Selassie, he IS fully competent to tell of his observations and conclusions concerning the Italo-Ethiopian War. Tear Up Rails The trip, over the 500 mile French railway that carried Mr. Halliburton from the Port of Jibuti to Addis Ababa, was of especial interest. The journey was scheduled to last three days, but, because of numerous delays, it took six to travel to the capitol. Lengthy delays are often caused by the native tribesmen, who have the playful habit of tearing up short stretches of rails to get iron for their spears. The train slowed and halted; the American and several other passen-
Glider Club Obtains Material For Two Ships The University Glider club last week made a trip to Culver Mffi^ tary Academy where they obtained enough material to construct two training gliders. One of these has already been assembled and the test hop has proved successful. This one will replace the old primary glider which was wrecked about two weeks ago. The new glider is a Detroit Gull. A. L. Wood, president of the club, announced that members plan to make a trip to Chicago tomorrow to receive as a gift another new glider which has not yet been finished. The organization has also been invited to attend a Glider Pilots’ dance at the U. of Toledo, on May 25 Plans are now oeing made for the annual glider meet to be held here late m May, which will provide excellent practice for the National Intercollegiate Glider club meet at Detroit, to which the Purdue club has been invited.
PLUBIBING AND HEATING Lame-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
gera alightbd, to discdvei^ an Ofiormohs tuiptlo which olimbed over one rail and, Unalilc W get ovm* the other, had etafted up the tracks headed for Addis Ababa. ‘Aud the rate he was going,” said Halliburton, “he would have reached there about 1964. We didn’t waut to wait that long; so the Ctagineer and I hoisted him over the rail, and the train started againi” Not finding the Bmperoi^ at the capitol, the author continued to a small town to the northward where he dined with the Selassie family. 'Mr. Halliburton expressed his astonishment at the emperor’s not having several wives, but just one— “the same tan wife he has had for twenty-two years”. Concerning the twenty-one year old daughter, he said, “I took one look ather„and decided she was a peach.’* ' Selassie Becomes Talkative After dinner, when he and the emperor were alone, the champagne went round and round; and his majesty grew talkative. Instead of trying to avoid answering the author’s questions as he had done earlier in the evening, he gladly explained his plans for the coming campaign. He first told why he would probably win the war. The native tribesmen weie one of the lesser forces that Mussolini’s troops would have to confront. The strongest foes of the dictator’s armies would be the fleas and (Continued on page 4)
ARC TODAY - SATURDAY
Use qssestiom regurimg dress at Prom seems to be point number one in many students’ minds. If there was another razz edition, overalls might be suggested to rhyme with the other plans as advanced in that edition.
READERS* OPINION The Exponent welcome} comments of good taste and reasonable length from Us readers. * Typewritten articles are preferred.
Nine Feet And Morbid Green To the Editor: The University intends to do its part to keep up with the improvements now being made on Northwestern Avenue. To enhance the moderh beauty of the white, concrete highway that will soon be produced by the labors of the WPA, it will erect a nine foot, morbid green, metal fence, taken from the spoils of the World’s Fair, along the west side of Northwestern avenue from the State Police Barracks to the tennis courts. Of course it will be necessary to protect the new base ball diamond, (now that Stuart Field is merely a plot of ground) but who could have imagined that the University could have decided upon such an artistic way of doing it?— A Senior. Editor’s Note—Lonsiructive criticisms and helpful suggestions are always welcomed by those in charge of University offices. The above sarcasm seems to be offered with only a destructive viewpoint in mind.
wlien the fidde ffiiger of fate beckons ye loyal sons and daughters to compete in the intricate sport of pin-hang-ing, Round and round we go, and who will survive the season, nobody knows.—Ohio State Student.
LEARN THE L.^TE CHICAGO LAND SWm«i FOX TROT By Enrolling: in Our New ADVANCED CLASS Friday, April 17, 7 30 p m Other Late Dances TaUgrht
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
also JOHN WAYNE in “WESTWARD HO” and “Custer’s Last Stand” Midnig-ht Show Saturday I ‘The Leathernecks Have Landed”
And from the “goon” comes this contribution: “Will you be alone tomght?” “Do you want to borrow me?” “Yes, that’s the principle.” “0. K. if you give me your Beta pin for security.” “I know the interest will be high —but that’s the way I like it.” “Of course, you’ll get your security back when yon roilro the loan.” “How much credit are you giving me?” “Judge for yourself—I’m walking on air.” “Happy lendings!” Bob Fuller says he wants to die with his shoes on so he won’t hurt his toes when he kicks the bucket RUGGED RULES FOR DARING DRIVERS!!!! If your girl doesn’t like your driving it means that she is tired and you should park the car so that she can rest. Don’t t:fy to be original. The airport was good enough for your roommate and it is good enough for you. Remember—^a car on the road is worth two in the bush. Never try to drive your car using both arms After all, somebody has to steer the thing ' —Oleo.
‘Tolies de Paree” Girls’ Band To Play In Union At the regular luncheon dance period today, WBAA will present a special broadcast of the girls’ orchestra from the “Fohes de Paree”, now playing at the Mars Theatre. The orchestra will replace Bud Bryant’s band at 12.16 in the cafeteria of the Memorial Union Building. The regular fraternity day broadcast will be held tomorrow at the same time. This broadcast will be dedicated to Delta Upsilon and Sigma Chi fraternities.
f if • m
Scrivener Club Names Pledges Last Night The Scrivener Club announces the pledging of the following at the pledging ceremonies last night: T. R. Sterrett, Dorothea Justin, W. C. Wehr, Kathryn Boord, Mary Jane Cleveland, L. B. Challis, Jean Hal1am, L. M. Horwitz, T. P. Garland, C, S. Meier, L. Goldsberry, W. G. Lautz, and R. T, Monrad.
mm TODAY - BATORPAY DOUBLE FEATURE
COLUMBIA PICTURE
TODAY - TOMORROW
I DOUBLE FEATURE j Tom Keene Buster Crabbe in Zane Grey’s “DESERT GOLD” and Charles Bickford in “PRIDE OP THE MARINES”
HARRY RICHMAN ROCHELLE HUDSON
in //
90mm*
ADMISSION Matinee 18e - 26o - 80e Night „ ISc - 80c - 40c Stage Shows at 2.55 - 5‘35 - 8.15 - 10:55
TODAY and SATURDAYI
■
WMf.
w^.
i
;aiiiiii
Uli^KIfiiS#
L'-:
:
-J '-, i u w "'jj'"'" ^ J 'j! " ^!
A .
wS
Isbell
Kicks 90 Yards; Schedaie Announced
GoldAndBlack Finals Today Phi Gams Need One Win To Take Trophy
Phi Oaniina D^lta^^ a
Psi fraternity GoW ah<i Blahfc teams ■will meet this: afternoon in the; final round of - the interfratef nity tourneyi The Phi Gams are the winners of the winner htacketi having advanced to the, finals without a defeat, While the Phi Psis af e the victors over the losers’ bracket, with one loss during the current
season. ".
Under the double elimination system used in this sport by the intramural department, the team, oil the -winner side of the bracket has the advantage ever its opponents becaiise one -win for them will determine the champiohShip while the loser bracket winners peed twoivie tories d-yer the phi Gains to ■win Gie championship. These two teams have advanOed 'to the top of the Gold and Black tourney at the ex pense of 21 other teams that originally entered. The final contest ■will be played on Intramural Peld.
By Dick Obenckaiit
Gridiron history is being made as Big Ten grid teams are clashing in a spring season. In order to give the individual members of the squad a chance to prove their prowess at the game and to give those interested football fans a chance to see the Boilermaker squad in action, four teams have been
chosen to represent different Big Ten schools in a “round robin” competition now under
way.
The games are played off in pnrts.-Each pight a half of is played htairthlg, at 5 p^ciock. Twd full games are played each with games interlpcking (pn® game starts after a half of the other is played). Divided Into Four Teams The Purdne squad is diyided into fovir ' teams with individual Poaches for the teams. Minnesota, P/’iscpnsin, Iowa, and Pnrdue, the teams represen'ted in the competition, are composed of players chosen from the Purdue roster, with an effort to equalize the. teams. The Minnesota team, which has gold uniforms, is coached by ‘‘Butch” Loebs. Wisconsin, coached by Hewitt East, is dressed in red. Iowa sports green jerseys and is coached by E. Ferris. The black-clad Purdue teani is coached by Ted Fehring. Minnesota Beats Purdue'■ Close scores and team spirit, in evidence in the games played so far^ Show the skill wifF which the teams have been chosen, The Purdue versus Minnesota game, starting Tuesday and finished last night, which featured a ti^ht defense ap^ a ninety yard kick by Cody Isbell that was kicked from the seven yard line and went out of bounds on the two yard line at the other end of the field, was won by a recovered fumble by Powell and a completed pass to Vergane and ended in a 13 to 0 victory for Min nesota. lowa-Wisconsin Tonight Tonight, Purdue fans have the opporturiity' of witnessing' the last half of the Wisconsin versus Iowa game. The tilt, the first half of which was played Wednesday night and ended in a scoreless tie, promises to be of much interest to fans because of the close matching of the two teams. - The remaining schedule is as fol-
lows:
Apr. 20-^Iowa vs. Purdue, 1st half, Apr. 21—Wisconsin vs. Minnesota. 1st half. Apr. 22—loiva vs. Purdue, 2nd half. Apr. 23—Wisconsin vs. Minnesota. 2nd half. Apr. 27-^Minnesota vs. Iowa, 1st
half.
Apr. 28—Purdue vs. Wisconsin, 1st
half.
Apr. 29—Minnesota vs. Iowa, 2nd
half.
Apr. 30—Purdue vs. Wisconsin, 2nd
half.
May 2-r-Intersquad game. Team roster is as follows: Ends: Fitzgerald, Vansant, McDonald, and Britt; tackles: Kantz, Johnson, Monterson, and Wagner; guards; Y«vanovichf DicHei Knorr* G. Decker* Lazar, and Straley; centers: Upton, Wahl, and Davis; auwWrbacks: Gift, Grove, and Monelea; half backs: Stalcup, Isbell, S^ons and Michael; fullbacks; Drake and Wine***Minnesota—Ends: Powell, Vergane, Johnston, and Wright ; tackles : Schreyer, Woltman, and Jillard ; guards 5, Dahlbeck, Harper, -White, Kodras, Ci%e, Craig, and Graves: centers: Bell, Buehler, and Verplank; auarterbacks; Montague and Dullvich: halfbacks; Dean, Behdell, Sink, and Vjwerburgh; fullbacks: Jnoka, Ganson, and Palmer. ^ , , . Purdiie-r-Ends: Botney, Spehn, Bykowski, and Plosenger; tackles: Mihal. Burmeister, and Eeoord; guards; Maloney, Ainsworth, Krug, Baldishio,' and Bnah; centers: Humphries and Griffith: quarterbacks: Ippolito and Bliss; halfbacks; Gutting, Purvis, Kliaon, and Stewart; fullbacks: McSheey, Klika, and Ainslie. „ , /"Wisconsin—Ends: Lehr, Mann, Paulos, knd Stewart; tackles; Paris, Oppenheimer, iRabold, and Dilts; guards; Aranson, Nolt'ing, Meznanich, Leppea, R. Decker, and Rudolph; centers: Petry and Lawrence; quarterbacks : Isbell, Beckley and Burnside : halfbacks ; Medley, Selby, Miles and Purdy fullbacks; Decker and. Denver.
Tennis Team Plays State Teachers Today In Opener Purdue’s tennis squad will lauhch its Reason’s schedule here this afternoon at 2 o’clock on the varsity courts against the well-balanced Indiana State Teachers’ racket wielders. In the absence of Coach Larry LaBree, who is attending the annual meeting of the National Physical Education Association in St. Louis, Mo., the Boilermaker team ■will be imder the direction of Albert Johnson, former Illinois star, who is now a graduate student. Johnson, announced last night that Gapt. Bob Nikolich -will be assigned the No, 1 singles assignment; Ray Ulrey, No. 2; Bob Tzuckef, ]^ 3» and vMahry Wakeri field. No. 4. The No, 6 Purdue singles reimesjmtati-ve will be either Edmpnds, Piornej or Buehting. Nikolich and Ulrey -will team toget%f_ in one dbiibles comfe while tbe p^ for the second doubles match V^l depend upbh the outcome of the singles, ;
Co-ed Groups Sponsor Booths At Carnival Each sorority a,nd the P. 1. A will sponsor a booth at the W. A. A. Penny Carnival which will be held tomorrow from 3:30 to 7:30 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium Beginning at 6:30 o’clock, dancing will be in progress with several pieces of Clyde Byers’ orchestra providing the music. Exhibitions of tumbling and tap dancing will be featured in the afternoon. Sandwiches, pop, and candy may be purchased throughout the afternoon and evening. A prize will be awarded to the group having the mbet attractive
booth.
Tennis Star Pleads CaseOf; Amateur in the April issue of the “Sports Illustrated and American Golfer”, Helen Jacobs, one of the foremost women tennis players Of the world, laments the plight of the hmateuf player. Miss Jacobs explains the great cost the amateur must withstand to keep up his match play. Wardrobes, riiedical attention, and large incidental expenses were named as main exper^tures. According ,to Miss Jacobs .even the highest ranking players must haye expensive coaching. Pointing oujt the opportunities for personal gain in the professional ranks. Miss Jacobs recommends, “It is -wise to be lenient in allo-w-ing the amateur -player to make the most of his legitimate opportunities and maintain his self respect”.
:iJ. Of . Columbia Seniors,. See Salaries Going Down New York.^ (AGP) — Columbia University seniors placed a lower estimate on their salaries five years after graduation than any other class during the last 15 years. They expect that in 1941 they will have an average of $2,836, compared -with $3,600 for, last year’s class and $6,102 for the class of 1934. Only three expect $10,000
in five years.
Nebraska Baseball Protege beys And Hits ’Em On Nose Lincoln, Nec.-— (AGP)—-Wilbur Knight, U. of Nebraska baseball coach, hppOs that his diamond proteges will follow instructions as closely in conference games as they do in practice sessions. Last week he ordered, candidates for the varsity nine to “hit ’em on the nose”. Outfielder Lloyd Wampler did, and the batted ball made a direct hit on Pitcher Rullell Behr’s nose, breaking it badly.
IM Department Issues Blanks For Gass A, B Greek Tennis Tourney Entry blanks for Interfratemity tennis were released last night by the Intramural Department, to be returned on or before April 18. The Intermural Department is offering both a class “A” and a Glass “B” tournament this year with singles and doubles in the former and douWes in the latter. As in past seasons the requirements to win a contest are nine games or in case the leading opponent is less than two games ahead at the time he has completed his nine games,- play must continue until he has a two game lead. The rules require players to be on the courts at 4 o’clock of the days scheduled for play or forfeit the match. If players are un^le to play on the assigned day they must call 2876 before the time of the inatch. Official jira-wings^^v^^^ posted oh the .main gymnasium bhlletih bo^di Weather pCrmittmg, Glass “A” doubles -will begin about April ;20, and Class“B” doubles on or near April 30. Smgles tqurnar meht will begin at the close of tlie^ first round of the Class “AV dpublr es. Twenty-five participation points ■will be awarded for entering each event. , . . . NOTICE : All fraternity baseball tilts scheduled for today ■will be postponed because of varsity game. HAMILTON.
■" D'E- AC r ■. HAS EVEEYTHING ■' for a ■ COLLEGE ^EDUCATION 'h..c
The calls V-8 Black Cara for Spedal Occasions 26e per paasenKer anr part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
liKil
Duly; Game At 4 OnNow Diamond ' ByBobWalpote | Purdue’s Boilermaker baseball nine will play host to the I Wabash College team in a return game this afternoon ent the '
mother nature did her best to bl«^ the ball away, the locsd nine is hopeful of another ■warm spring day such as -was experienced for the Butler double-header, last week. Weather conditions have hampered the play of the Boilermakens somewhat this season, but in: spite of difficulties Purdue has won three tilts while losing two since the spring vacation trip down south.
Pirathon Pirathon announces the election of the following ofiicOrs: R. C. McWilliams, president; J. E. Shideim, ■vice president; E. G. Gross, seefe^ tary; M. C. Gqmpton, ■treasurer; W. L. Weiland, house manager; F. G. Warren, pledgema^ter.
Judging Contest Today The Tippecanoe county poultry
and egg judging elimination contest ■will be held in the Purdue Poultry Building this afternoon at 4:16 o’clock. Any school may enter
a team of three and an alternate.
LAWN MOWEES Sharpened . and repaired. New and used mowers. Prices on new Ball Bearing: Mowers $5;25 and np. Mowers called for and delivered. F. JoSo Mulhaupt & Son 209-H North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
MADE TO MEASURE SUITS $217^ . OTHERS UP TO $34.60 Do you know you can purchase a made to measure suit for as low as $21.75? ASK ABOUT THIS SERVICE SEARS, ROEBUCK & GO. 3rd and South Sts* Ph. 4089
men from Crawfordsville, 6 to in a ten inning game
According to Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert, his starting choice for mound duty will be either Lefty Martin or Carroll Mangas. Coach Lambert also expects to shift the makeup of his team around by returning Bob Lucas to third base, sending Fateh to Lucas’ vacated post at second, and moiung either Gardner or Baftz tb; the fight garde^spot. Mitbhell ■wih play at the first sack if Mangas is on the mimiid* Th^^ pqsitiphs ■will remain unehanged^^^^^y^^ Jqhnhy Sines at sbortstpp,^ y^ at the left AeW PPst, P^ Malaska in center,: and Krause behind the
bat.
Starts Promptly At 4 Hie game will begin promldly at 4 o’clock and no admission char^ ■will be asked of fans, attending the' game. After the track meet game at Chicago Wednesday in which
fehring Talks To Optimist Club On Baseball Tryouts. W. P. “Dutch” Fehring, Purdue coach, was the prindpal speaker at the weekly meeting of the Optunist club. Fehring related some of his experiences as a tryout for the iWhite Sox basebali tedm. According ytP Fehringv Major league bi^ pldyers are fine geUBeiheh, take the game s^pusly, and do eversiinng in iheif power to help a rookie.
Wilson Bros. Sport Shirts $1.00 Duke of Kent Shirts $1,50 2pd $l^ Spoii; Pajiinias:-...-----...-$l J5 an^ New Slades .........C.........J
416 Mailt St.
Lafayette, Ind.
/‘if!Typewritero, Addiog MdduneB*For said, teikti i^ired arid hovgU. Multigraplb arid mimoograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, d0& BSain St. Phone 2779.
CaiambeirUn's lori C^m^Spe« dais: Raspberry and Vanilla.
fto 8Ble>-<idi dubs^ each bOci Back no. nu^sines, Ic :to riiuJ% Moore’s Coioriid BSarkrit, 2^ 5th St.
Losb—A wrist watch in ladies' rest room at Uriiorii. Rotrard, Tel. No. 8026. SiStrirn tb b. t. CottMd» 903 5th Street. ^
Lost—Kappa Kappri briinma key. Jean Harker, phorie 2951.
Wanted—ThrOe passengers to niinois tiriiverSity toiriOrroW nOOri< Cali (jabert, 23*?7.
notices N* MiMoWi aStae t ja> au
Sngl&fi i Sisamts, Sente wlio received Cs toe failure in 8g>eU« ins, giammer. or 4jiane-#ritins, sboiild ete teiid one oS riife cUfflis# j^te, iiefeMre taking the neat ^ amiBiiti6& Attendanee - at . ttoe speciin daasffl is volnntsrr. ’^>9. Siteili^ class
roote 813, Eecitattoik rinilding.' grammar clam meets Wednesdajr at 4o'clock, in 8ul. Becitdtibn BaiidiOg. Ime tlii#diewriting class nteate Friday- at room 818, Becilbtion Bnilding. The class in th^e-viritih# .ht j&e 6nl^ and final ojtpCir* tunity for students with C’s in theme-write ins to this condition, regardless of who riieir instructor was last semester. . —^WlTKOFFi
W. 'A. Ai—The following matches must be plared before next ..Wednesday: Baber vs. Wsdker, Hague vs. Wiley, M. Jonm vs. Venemahh, CasOh vS. DiiiiWoc^y. Caldwell vs, Dobson, Charles vs. Elstun, McLe^ vs. Pflughaupt, A. Jones vs. Biemer. If lacking transportation' call Mildred Fitch. —fitch.
Ehgiish 1 Students, Second Semester^ Students who failed <he recent grammar and spelling teste are liig^ to attend the voluhtery classes in these subjects, in order to prepare for the make-ttp tests. The spelling class meets Mondays at.:4 o’clock, in room 813, Recitation Building, ^e grammar class meets Wednesdays at 4 o’clock, in
room 318, Recitation Building.
—WYkOFF.
Fmuliy Member Takes Part In Stirring Brmm «Shot Oun Henry”, a stirring drama of mistaken identity stftrHng l^of. Herriirin Hrinrjr Kemmers, of the University department of education, was enacted af a busy ihtersectiori ill dri^WtoWn Teirri Haute last Tuesday evening. A tough, hard-td-cottvince, Terre Haute traffic officer and three of Prdf. ftemmefs’ frieads playrid brilliantly in the supporting cast. A brief rewtite of the production follows: Prof; Reinmiars’ from ^e ledEt the sta^ as the curtain of dusk rises ainid'glow of blinking neon signs. A police, siren wkirit^ Arid Dr, Rrim dbieyirik oifdCts, prills His cM up to the ririicb. Traffic officfer, arriied with srihmachirie gun and backed rip by sew eral gorrila-lifce lieutenants, advances on party in car. officer: Git 6rit all of you. Prof. Reriittlers arid KiS friends emerge and are lined rip arid frisk-
ed.
Officer: So you thought you could rrin some shot-guns thrprigh past ris, hrih? First Lieritenatit: They grit rio gats boss. officer: Search the car. They may have those guiis hidderi. (Lieutenant searches car but fails to produce ekpected evidence.) Prof. Remiriefs; Really gentlemen, we are law abiding citizens We have rio guris in ouri car. Lleritettarit: Guess dat’s right, boss, dere ain’t rio guns iri de car. Officer . (apologetically); O. K. Well, you and your friends can go now. We’re soiry. We are looking for four men in a car who are sup posed to be running some hot guns through here tonight, but I guess you’re not the ones. It won’t hap pen again. Prof. Remmers and party enter car arid drive off stage right as dusk curtain falls. The End
Union Workers—Members of our committee meet in the Union office at 4. —ANSPACH, KUEHN, GRIMM.
Sigrma Delta Psito stadium at 4'.
,Tryout3 today. Report —McCORMICK.
May Day Group 3—Meet in tower room of Union at 4 Monday. - —BdLLBR.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Wotking Wtfy Through New York City.—(AGP)—Definite affirmations that the student working his way through crilleget and uniyersities is. likely to wreck his crifee# ‘Ifey the vefy ptart through which he hoped td achieve success”, have been made here by Nicholas D. McEriight, associate dean of Columbia College. The derin believes that self-help by Students is thoroughly nori-pro-duritive from the educational standpoint. “It may be that part of the answer is to be found in the growing belief that a considerable number of boys and girls now going to college would be better off doing something else,” he said in answering his own qtiestiriri Crittceririirig the itete of the t^bleriii ''
Many of the iriemhers of the Uni» Versity chemistry staff have written several articles about the Study Of and experimental work of cheriiis-
Kappa Delta Pi Kappa Delta Pii science horioyary, attriOripces the pledging Of the following jriniors|IterieiPeldt,M adei verieniarin, Alice Stair, Jtine ro^e Piheri Nellie Greeribrirg, Lit liari Murphy, Glen Downey, Acord Cahtwelli Betty Bauer, Robert Marshall, Brigene jaCkSon, A, Milward, Betty Arnold, Margaret Diirimick, Edna Htitsori, Ariistis FranUlini Mildred Bauer, Marjorie Knott, J. E. Love, Virginia Pierce, Louanna Tkofririsori, arid W. S, Ghancellor,
rious journals and magazines. Among thrise ajoiriearing in recent issues are ’’Studies of Polarization Discharges in Multiple Electrode Systems’’^ by Dr. H. Hunt, Dr. J. P. Chittum, and H. M. Grubb, in the Journal of Physical Chemistry, and ’’The Activity of Water Solutions Of Barium Chloride”, by Dr. R. F. Newton and E. A. Tippetts, in the Journal of the American Chemical Society.
Tau Kappa Epsflou Tau Kappa Epsilon announces the election of Robert F. Dodgri, president^ John W. Gustaitis, vice president, V. W. Antucshko, chaplain, Karl F. Shafer, treasurer, E E. Jones, secretary, Forrest T; Rollins, historian, B. G, Evans, hejggamon, Roy E. Kohn, Jr. sentinel, Charles Danciu, house manager,!^. L. . Swiriehartij; striwm^, J. W. Greenis, athletic manager, Karl Shafrir, tush chairriiari, Vv Antucshko, social chairmari.
C. E. Camp—All students who are planning, on attending C. B. camp ■ meet in C. E. 101 today at 4. Meeting will not last over 15 minutes. —TODD.
Union Workers—Members of pur committees report to sub-basemeiit at 4. —PUGH, QUIGGLE, OHAVER.
May Day Group Gym today at 4.
in Women’s -ROLLER.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting tonight at 7 in room 2 of Union. All members expected to be present. —PUTOOHEE.
W. A. A. Council—Bring your candy donations to Penny Carnival tomorrow at 3.
—BURKLE.
Sportswomen—Bring ypur cookie donations to Penny Carnival tomorrow at 8. Initiation breakfast at cabin Sunday at 8.
—BURKLE.
Alpha Chi Omega will entertain the Delta Tau Delta and Alpha Tau Omega fraternities at tea Sunday afternoon at the chapter house from 2 o’clock until 5:30 o’clock.
—sb—
Sunday afternoon, from 3 until 6 o’clock. Pi Beta Phi sorority will entertain the heads of the departments at tea. ; .—sb—■. ; ■ ■■ The new initiates of Chi' Omega will be the guests of honor at a dinner Sunday at 1 o’clock at the chapter house. AnnoHnces Election Phi Kappa announces the election of the following officers: president, R. J. Stock; vice president, R. LMerz; secretary, G; W. Bice, and treasurer, J. R. O’Connor.
TES’T TUBE VILLAGE-^ (Continued from page 1) using asbestos ceriient and plywood
panels.
The Insulated Steel Construction Company is assuririg the appearance of their house, havihg completed the concrete foundations and first floor slab as well as all steel wair sections. - Concrete House A concrete house, built urider the supervision of the Portland Concrete Cement Association, was begun in the icy season. Thirty inches of frost were blasted out of the ground and tent erected over the house , area to permit excavation. Work has progressed to the extent of the completion of the second floor slab, and work on erection of the second story wall forms has started. A system of reversible steel concrete forms is being used. The result has insured the rapid pace during the last few Wrieks. Foundations of concrete blocks are being used in the all wood house sponsored by the National Lumber Manufacturers Association which is almost firiished, while preparations are iri full swing to start the wood frame. Two other houses are now in the hands pf contractors for cost cpnsideration, and with the two remaining houses being planned, the Research Housing campus nears completion.
A. M. Ghagteen, A. M, Chasterini, junior riight riditor of the Exptomerit, hari been confined to his bed vflth rin attack of influerizri. He will enter a local hospital this morning iri an attempt to prevent complications.
Iri ^vrin by Miss Mridge Dilts, rif the home ecrinomics department -hf^ the Hoover Colhpah^, >ai 9 o^clririk Monday morrimg in the riuditriririm of the'^Hrime Economics Building. Dilts will discriss and demonstrate electriccleaners,. At 4 p^locki, she will lecture on ’^Caxpets arid llieir Card”, discussing details regarding the standard types of carpets on the market, new types being developed by carpet manufacturers, how to recognize each.type, and their comparative price and durability. A collection of carpets will be used to demonstrate her points. Both of these lectures arri open to the public.
Jessie McQueen Will Speak To Survey Class On Service Miss Jessie McQueen, the home service counsellor of the American Gas Association, will speak to the survey class in the Home Economics Auditorium at 11 o’clock next Tuesday riiorning. She will discuss her position as to the service she renders the homemaker in better acqririinriirig the latl^ wife merit arid ihow tri urie it moreseffici* eritly.;
announcbE ; pledging \,: ■■ ■ Geres, agricriltural hMoraiy, anriourice the pledging of fee frillriwirig mriri: J. E. LoVe, Gi W. Freernyer, A. Cafttweli, G. G. Reed, arid E. C. Miller;
wss
mosqttitos wWc^WouM soon bring in importance would he^the tewfairi
defended by its canydris for 2,009 years and will probably continue so for 2,000 morri»” said Halliburton, The' desert itself would he a great > menace to the Italians and was the undoing rif 20,000 invading Italians in the latter part of the nineteenth century. Makirig a prediction, Haile Selassie said, ”It isn’t going to be 20,000 dead Italians this time; it’s going to be 200,000 dead Italians.” He' told of the physical endurance of bis black soldiers and of Mussolini paying the Italians three dollars a day to fight, but the King of Kings oheriitVed, ”I pay my soldiers seven dollars a year—when I feel like it.”
Professional recognition of the science of microchemistry was made when it was added to the other eighteen professional sections of the American Chemical Society.
.And pocketbo6k at tke MITZI SANDWICH SHOI^ :St.W,-
GEORGE PUTNAM— (Continued from page 1) as much ris possible any contact in public places. When we met on hoard, I told her feat I was from Paramount and was to see that her voyage was comfortable and that she was well, taken care of, but that I didn’t care if I didn’t see her from then until we docked at New York. “Prom then on we became very good friends, we had every meal together, and both of us had a very enjoyable trip. By the time we reached New York, I knew that everyone on board had us as future man and wife, so I insisted that she come with riie to meet my wife who was waiting for me, Rumor “I told Miss Earhart. that within a few hours she would be reading in the papers about my possibitities of marrying Marlene Dietrich and, sure enough, it wa$ true.” The conversation proved to be of such interest that the foot on the accelerator of the car had gradrially relaxed. At the city limiie of Indianapolis we realized that the time had become extremely short arid that full speed ahead was necessary. We arrived at the airport at 12:01. The plane was scheduled to leave at 12:05. Following Miss Earhart’s departure from Purdue on Sunday afternoon, she will continue her lecture tour for one week, will join her hissharid in New York, and the fam- ; ous couple will then cross the continent for a visit in California.
Williams College biologists are already laying plans for a special trip this summer to study geologic and geologic conditions in Arizona.
A vicious circle jamkes fat people flatter by increasing feett appetites as feeir weiRkt U. of lewa: r^erireh ricierifet imported in a master oi scierice feesis.