- >-
Purdue
Exponent
Volume 4, No. 3
Friday, June 21, 1940
Youth Conference Ends 1st Convocation Snnday Niglit
Today, Leaders Continue
Nearly 300 members of the Indiana Rural Youth Organization, in session at the University during the last five days for third annual Rural Youth Leadership Training School, will conclude their conference activities this afternoon with specially arranged tours of University farms. ^ This morning the young farm -■
people will meet in the final sessions of the school program. E. L. Kirkpatrick, social engineer of Washington, D. C., last night led a forum in Fowler Hall of the youth leaders on various rural problems. Adult rural leaders, here for their twelfth annual Leadership School, will continue their sessions until June 28. Market Problem George Doup, of Columbus, president of Indiana Rural Youth Organization, was the principal speaker before yesterday morning’s convocation, while the series of sessions on rural economics were continued with M. P. Mitchell, of the University staff, discussing “What Is the Farmers’ Market Problem?” Youthful leaders devoted the morning to final meetings of the seven different special interest groups covering various phases of farm living, while in the afternoon they continued their study of informal dramatics, folk dances, music, recreational problems, and administration under capable leaders. Adult Group During the afternoon, the adult group continued its series of forums under the general direction of Prof. 0. F. Hall, as well as general studies under the direction of Mrs. A, H. Rapking and the Rev. B. K. Johnson. Speaking to the rural youth enrolled in the third annual leadership training school, Wednesday, Miss Virginia Berry, University extension home economist, urged careful selection of electric ranges and refrigerators, since they represent large expenditures in the family pudget. Recreation iformal dramatics, folk dances, fiausic, recreational problems, and administration were the topics dis-
cussed in sectional meetings (iuring the afternoon. Wednesday night’s program consisted of stunts by visiting youth. Col. George Byers, of Lafayette, in an address to the rural youth and adult leaders Tuesday night, described the world situation, especially the rapidly changing political picture of Europe and Asia. He urged the farm leaders to give little weight to Hitler’s promise of no interest in the Americas. A show of hands at the session indicated a four to one majority favored compulsory military training. Prof. Hall “There has been more real unhappiness among the peoples of the world in the last 10 months than in any similar period of the history of mankind,” Prof. 0. F. Hall, University sociologist, declared Tuesday in a t^lk before nearly 300 Indiana rural youth members. Professor Hall’s remarks concerning the unhappiness in the world resulting from the “slaughter in Europe and Asia” were a part of a general thesis he presented on “What is the highest good in human life?” A study of civilization for the last 2500 years shows, he said, that the old Greek philosophers and thinkers “were not far from present day thinking in concluding that happy experiences usually are tied up with happy association with others.” At the opening general session Tuesday morning, George Doup, Columbus, president of the Indiana Rural Youth Organization and who presided, urged the campus visitors, who are representatives of local rural youth organizations in their respective communities, to be on the alert for ideas to carry back to their communities.
The War Today By James H. McKeei _ • Possibly Before This Column Is Read ^ . . . France will have signed armistice terms With Germany. Last night it was reported that the French plenipotentiaries had met with the Germans, and it was said that the signing of the armistice terms might be done at Compiegne, in the same railroad car in which the 1918 armistice was signed. Rumor suggested that the German peace terms might include the occupation of French ports by Germany, to be used as stepping-off points in her conti^^ued war against Great Britain, and the total disarmament and occupation of France.
• The Location ... of the French capital remained last night a mystery. It was known that the government had been moved from the bombed city of Bordeaux. One rumor said that the government had been moved to Biarritz, on the Bay of Boscay, near the Spanish border. Another rumor said that Biarritz was merely a stopping place, prior to a move to Algeria, on the northern coast of Africa. But as the government was moved from Bordeaux, the city bulged with refugees, the normal population nearly quadrupled. It was reported that fleets of French planes had been seen flying south across the Mediterranean, possibly heading for French possessions in north Africa. • It Was Reported . . . that French planes had landed on the Spanish mainland and on the Spanish island of Majorca in the * Mediterranean and that the fliers were interned by the Spanish government. • Germany Termed . . . her continuing recent raids against England “reprisals,” as the raids went as far west as Wales. One hundred planes were reported
dropping bombs over England, Scotland, and Wales Wednesday night. One commentator said that the British government reported the damage done by the Nazi raiders as slight, but that no newspaper men were permitted to view areas bombed. • The Invasion Of .... Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia is now completed. Yesterday 'it was rumored that Russia was redistributing her troops along the German and Rumanian borders. Also it was rumored that the Russian navy had been moved into position for the occupation of the Dardanelles. Turkey apparently is orienting herself toward Russia and is said to be about to repeal her eight months old alliance with Great Britain and France. Egypt, too, long in the British “sphere of influence,” is “playing safe” in the face of a dangerous Italy. John W,Frontz i . . . Kenton, Ohio, a 1940 recipient of a masters degree in Physical Education from the University has been appointed director of recreation for the Delco Products Corporation, of Dayton, Ohio.
Barbecue^ Fish Fry To Replace Former Summer School Picnic Instituting a new form of summer session picnic, the summer session social committee yesterday announced plans for the first summer session barbecue and fish fry to be held next Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Russell’s woods, just north and west of the Ross-Ade stadium. The barbecue and fish fry will replace the hnnual summer session picnic of years past. ____________________________________ Roscoe Fraiser, of the agricul-
ture experiment station, who has managed many such functions throughout the state, will be in
charge of the affair.
To Poll Opinion
Monday during 8 and 9 o’clock classes instructors will canvass students for possible attendance. From this reaction a limit will be placed on the number of tickets to be placed on sale Tuesday. Tickets will be fifty cents per person. M. L. “Chief” Clevett, of men’s physical education department, and Miss Hilda Schwehn, of the women’s physical education department, will be in charge of the recreational program for the after-
noon.
For the occasion a negro chef has been obtained to barbecue the meat, which will be^ done in the “old southern manner,” over a hickory pit. Preparation of the meat will start Thursday afternoon, and the committee invites all interested informalities of “southern barbecues” to visit the pit at any time.
Hornell Hart
State-Wide Music Leadership School To Begin Monday Registration for the Music Leadership Training School will be held Monday from 8 to 9 a.m. in Albert Stewart’s office in the Music Hall. Chorus directors, public school music teachers, ministers, and home economics chorus directors from everywhere in the state
will attend.
The course offers voc^ and instrumental training, with emphasis upon criticism of individual talents . by the class and expansion of repertoire. Intensive study characterizes the course, and no time is wasted on theories, generalities, and abstractions.
Instruction
Students are instructed in practical aspects of directing and afforded opportunity for gaining actual experience in this line. Recreation constitutes the lighter nature of the course, and those enrolled are invited to attend the Summer Session Barbecue. Members of the training school will work with the^ Summer Chorus in preparation for a cantata to be given on the last day of training school.
Song Fest
This year the annual Song Fest, which has been held in Ross Ade Stadium heretofore, will be held in the'Music Hall 'Wednesday night, at 8 p.m. Admission will be free to everyone. The program will begin with a “free-for-all” sing directed by Albert Stewart, everyone being encouraged to join in singing old favorites from “Put on Your Old Gray Bonnet” to “My Hero.” The second part of the program will feature Jack Kurkowski’s Xylophone Band which has won widespread acclaim for their popular entertainment and youthful enthusiasm. His band contains 15 members, including a talented accordionist, and their itinerary for the summer comprises presentations in
7 states.
Dairymen To Meet For Annual Conference Here The American Dairy Science'Association will hold it’s annual meeting at the University Monday through Thursday. Those attending the meeting will include teachers and research workers in dairying, board of health and department of agi’iculture officials, and others concerned with the dairy
business.
Among those planning to be here for the conference will be 0. E. Reed, chief of the dairy department of the Department of -^riculture at Washington and former dairy head at the University, L. A. Henke, assistant director of the agriculture experiment at the University of Hawaii, Honolulu, and Prof. E. G. Hood, of the Dominion Department of Agriculture at Ottawa, Canada. Military Honor Graduates’ Names Omitted From List In the list of honor graduates announced by the military department before the close of the last semester, several, names were inadvertently omitted. The list which included names should also have included' thd following: V, D. Hobbs, C. F. Hotler, K. C. Houston, P. A. Hurst, and H. G. Kolb.
Paul Barker To Play For Mixer Tonight Paul Parker’s band of Indianapolis is scheduled to play for the second summer session mixer tonight. Time for the mixer, although originally set for 9 and later changed to 8, has again been placed at the regular hour of 9. ^ Only two or three mi:!^rs have been held during summer school in recent years, but this summer plans have been made to have a mixer every week. This was the result of a joint agreement by the summer session social committee and the Memorial Union. Both ball rooms will be used tomorrow night, and the regular price of one dollar will be charged. 700 Firemen Close
. . . speaker for the first summer session convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday night. Prbis Cooley, Brown Will Attend Percheron Breeders Conference Profs. Si. B. Cooley and P. T. Brown, of the animal husbandry department, will attend the second National Conference of Percheron Breeders and Judges convening June 21 and 22 at Hotel Phillips, Kansas City, Mo. Prof. Cooley will talk on “How To Deal With Unsoundness” at the Friday afternoon session of the conference, and Prof. Brown will be featured on the same program. Worden M. Spitler, Bloomville, Ohio, president of the Association, will give the opening address on Friday morning. Other prominent draft horse judges scheduled to speak at the conference are E. A. Trowbridge, head of the department of animal husbandry. University of Missouri, Columbia, and chairman of the program committee for the conference. Dean H. H. Kildee of Iowa State College, Ames; Dean W. L. Blizzard of Oklahoma A. and M. College, Stillwater; Dean C. Larsen of the South Dakota State College, Brookings, and D. J. Kays of Ohio State University, Columbus, who will bring with him his 1939 International champion judging team for participation in the field day events.
Students To Hear War's Educational, Religious Aspects Dr. Hornell Hart, professor of sociology at Duke University, Durham, N. C., will speak on “Religious and Educational Aspects of War in Europe” at the first religious convocation of the summer session Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock in Eli-
za Fowler Hall. Summer Chorus
University summer chortis will make its first public appearance Sunday evening under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, assistant University music director. Among the chorus's selections will be “Beautiful Saviour,”' “The Crusaders’ Hymn” and “Cast Thy Burdens Upon the Lord.” Mary Johnstone will be the soloist. The convocation has been arranged by the Summer Session Committee, head^ by 0. F. Hall, head of the department of education and applied psychology. First Sports Clinic To Ojjen Wednesday Continuing the series of informal gatherings which proved popular last summer, the first of a series of “Sports Clinics” for summer session students sponsored by the Division of physical education for men will be held at the University on Wednesday night at 7:30 o’clock in the east faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Charles E. Sesher, director of health and physical education at Hutchinson Junior College, Hutchinson, Kan., will act as student chairman for the series of gatherings, it was announced by Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, associated professor of physical education for men. Following welcoming remarks by Dr. Eastwood, the opening program Wednesday night will include a discussion of the use of the forward pass in modem football by Mai Elward, head football coach, and wrestling fundamentals by Claude Reeck, wrestling coach.
Annual School Today [xponent Challenges Pill Rollers To Till,
Claims Doc Miller Not Ignorant, But Dumb
Enrollment approached the 700 mark here yesterday as the seventh annual Indiana Fire School, which opened Wednesday morning, draws to a close today. Addresses by H. Walker, chief engineer of the American-LaFrance Poamite Corporation, Elmira, N. Y., on “Construction, Care and Use of Ladders,” and Allen P. Twyman, East Chicago, 111., attorney, on “What the Public Expects of the Fire Department,” provided features of the day’s general session yesterday. _ The series of sectional meetings on problems 6f the volunteer and paid fire departments, as well as detailed instructional sessions on various pfepses of fire fighting techniques were continued throughout
the day.
The school will come to a close this afternoon with a general session at which one of the features will be 'an address by Louis L. Roberts, Evansville city attorney, on “Legal Aspects of F^^Fight-
Ing.”
Chief Ralph ^^Scott, of New York City, representing the International Association of Fire Chiefs, will be among the special visitors who will attend the windup sessions of the school. CO-ED HOURS Co-ed hours during the summer 'session f,or graduate and undergraduate students will remain as during the winter session. Friday and Saturday hours will be 1 o’clock, and Sunday through Thursday will be 11 o’clock. WSGA Judicial Board.
Lafayette, Ind., June 19—The Purdue Exponent today challenged Doc “Don Quixote” Miller’s Pill Rollers to a battle to the finish in the Union bowling alleys. The date for this match of the century has not as yet been definitely' set, but both teams are working out daily so as to be in top shape. . Doc’s bowlers, the Pill Rollers,
are a high point outfit, according to Doc. However, their worth has never been tested by such a stellar group as the Exponent. According to sources iisually considered reliable. Miller’s team is in for a
shellacking.
No Operations Rules for the match have not been definitely decided upon, but it is certain that Doc will be searched at the door for any hypodermics
Cattle Feeders Meet |n Lafayette, June 28 Prof. A. D. Weber, Manhattan, Kan., will b^ the principal speaker before the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeder’s Association which meets in Lafayette, Friday, June 28. Professor Weber has had a wide experience in feeding cattle and has conducted much research into the 'practical problems of the cattleman. He is widely recognized as an excellent judge
of cattle.
The meeting will open with an address by President Paul E. Morton, of Lebanon, concerning his experience as a cattle feeder, his travels, and observations among cattle men. , Results from the cattle feeding test now being conducted will be reviewed and the cattle will be ex-
hibited.
Lunch will be served in the judging pavilion. The afternoon program will be devoted to the address by Professor Weber and to general discussion on cattle feeding prob-
lems.
Anyone who bowls 175 or better and who wishes to roll a few games with the Exponent team contact Jim McKee or Dan Heiple for further details.
and scalpels, and will be required to refrain from talking while opponents are bowling. Spectators will be admitted free, and a capacity crowd is expected, although those who attend do so at their own risk. The Exponent refuses to accept the responsibility for any swabbed throats, or hmpu..tated legs. Watch Us The definite date and time for match will be announced at a later date. Watch your Exponent for fur- i ther details.PORDUE EXPONENT
Fridoy# lixdO 2L 1940
TheFiM, Column
By Bnrrhaid Today we take our place among the greats. We got a fan letter But by mistake it was addressed to the editor We were hurt From now on all mail pertaining to or calling the writer of this column a liar may be addraiBsed to “Burrhaid” in care of the Exponent. ♦ ♦ * This man took us seriously. He forgot that we labeled our stuff as piopaganda. He said it was our fault not Prance’s that she refused our help without a declaration of war He said President Roosevelt led them on He said Mr Roosevelt, not France had more crust than Russian black bread. We agree, he has, * ♦ ♦ With Germany and France arguing back and forth these days, the papers don’t know what to print. First there is the rumor that the dam thing’s over, then they’re at it again. The last paper we saw got around that with a neat trick though They said: WAR IN FRANCE MAY CEASE FRIDAY We agree to that too, it might. ic Jit Getting back to Mi Roosevelt, we have our own ideas about compulsory military training. His age limit of 19 to 21 busts right into the middle of our college career (’). We think we have a better idea Expand the Boy Scouts.
Purdue Exponent
Kntered as second class matter at the post o „ ce m Lafayette, Indiana, tinder the act of Congress of Marelb S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided ^tor in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during tfie Summer Session Subscriptions mailed for 60 Oentt
Publication Staff
K W Donahue J H McKee D. K. Heiple
W E Heaton, J. A. Purcell, J. L.
Editor-in-Ghief News Editor Manninn^ Editor Associate Editors.
Traugott
Business Staff Local Advertising D S Powers, G C. Landers, Circulation Manager, R M Bectenwald
Sports Staff
Editor
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N. Y.
Some people are afraid a truce now''would just give everyone a chance to rearm and get going for the next war all the sooner. If Henry Ford can turn out a thousand planes a day, it shouldn’t take long. The only trouble is that what Europe is going to need now has never been put into mass production. That’s twenty year old walking talking cannon fodder. It’s an aging process^ like whiskey.
Jbhsihf Jaik
With the war and other events crowding our daily thoughts we’ve had little time to think about the more pleasant things about us. We would like to point out however that m addition to the sometimes painful task of attending school, there are a great many other things to do in summer school. We refer to the extensive social and recreational program which has been planned for the summer. One of the big features of the program is the barbecue apd fish fry which has been planned for next Friday afternoon and evening. It seems to us that this is one of the most novel social affairs that has been planned at the University in some time. Professor Hall, chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements, has assured us that this will be a regular old fashioned barbecue “with all the trimmings.” (Further details concerning this affair may be found on page 1.) As we peruse the list further we note that six mixers have^ been arranged in addition to the summer prom. This is the first time that the Union has attempted to run more than three mixers during the summer term. This was done at the suggestion of the faculty members of the social committee who felt that students were forced to travel out of town to dance on weekends when no mixers were held in the Union. It was a good suggestion and, we believe, worthy of support. Sunday evening. Dr. Hornell Hart, professor of sociology at Duke University, will speak at the religious convocation which will be held in Fowler Hall. Dr. Hart is regarded by many as one of the most profound thinkers in America and has spoken here several times. He will discuss the religious and educational aspects of the war. 4nd so on down the program, we find one big event after another; Playshop plays, “Games on the Green,” songfest, summer session banquet, and finally, summer prom. All these affairs have been arranged with one end in view—to make summer school a social success as well as educational success. They deserve and should get at least one thing—your support!
Edward Foley . . concert pianist, and Clifford Stark, basso, will present a recital in Duncan Hall Monday evening. May 24 at eight o’clock The public IS invited to attend the recital The recital is sponsored by the Artists’ Service, Inc YESTERDAY’S RESUETS National League New York, 6, Chicago, 3 Pittsburgh, 8, Boston, 7 Phalidelphia, 4, Cincinnati, 3 (12 innings) (Only games scheduled) American League Philadelphia, 6, Detroit, 4 Cleveland, 12, Washington, 1 Chicago, 1; New York, 0 ^ (11 innings) St Louis, 2-11, Boston, 1-4 TODAY’S GAMES National Leauge Pittsbuigh at Brooklyn Cincinnati at New York Chicago at Philadelphia St Louis at Boston American League Philadelphia at Chicago Boston at Chicago New York at Detroit Washington at St Louis
Jack Harrington , . assistant to Capt Aietz of the Umversity airpoit, was recently appointed to the 30b of assistant CAA inspector by Capt Daniel Moulton, CAA inspectoi of Indianapolis Harrington will be the assistant inspectoi in this district, and he is the second local pilot to be promoted to this position, the first being D W Baldwin who is now employed in a Kansas City an school. Harrington was notified of his appointment Wednesday in Indianapolis Frank D. Barlow ... of the faim management department, has been awarded a General Education Fellowship beginning June 17 and continuing foi one year Barlow will study economics and finance at the University of Chicago duijng the supjpier and fall quarters, aftei which he will study agricultural economics at Louisianna State University, wheie he will work toward a Ph D. degree Barlow obtained his master’s degree m agricultural economics here this Jupe, having served as a graduate assistant since his graduation from Louibianna State in 1938
LUIIA TODAY-FRI. - SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
A Columbia Picfure
Plus .
2nd Feature . . ROY ROGERS
HAYES
SUNDAY — MONDAY
TOM'EDISON with MY BMNTER • CE0R6E BMiCROH Vhglaii Wildlw > Euitm Pallatto
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
CHARIIE (BANS
SIDNEY TOLEB
MADS TODAY - FRIDAY
f Those rousing... rolltcking... rambunctious...romantic days!
THOSE WERE 8/ ^HEDRYS" A Paramount Picture with WIUMM HOLDEN BONITA GRANVILLE EZRA STONE Judith barrett
STARTING SATURDAY Exciting Drama Sparkling Comedy A ghost., .haunted ^ hy the living!
WARNER RAXTER ANDREA LEEDS with RYNtl BARI CHARLEY GRAPEWIM HENRY WILCOXON ELULABETH PAnERSON
On The Baseball Front By Arch
Seldorti does..ja sports story mtkke more than headlines on a sports page . . . well, Brooklyn’s loss of prize package Joe Medwick probably rated three-fourths of the nation’s front pkges, especially with the police taking a hand in the matter. —bbf— From the looks of the attendance at the game the next day following, when 31,249 paid af the gate, it would be a goo'd idea for such scraps to be cooked up for publicity stunts . . . however, this would be detrimental to baseball as a sport and as fai as Larry MaePhail is concerned, would be totally unnecessary. —bbf— MaePhail can holler bloody murder anytime and the Cardinals will come up with h red rage blighter than cardinal red. This feud will probably last a long time, especially with the exoneration of Pitcher Bob Bowman by the district attorney’s office, and with the establishment of the DaffyBoys as strong contenders for the National League flag. —bbf— ^ Billy Southworth’s short term as manager of the revived Gas House Gang has already received much attention from fans and the press alike and the win streak following on the heels of the Med-wick-Davis deal didn’t hurt his newly-boin piestige any, either —bbf— Anothei bunch of ballplayers fiom St Louis, known as the “lowly Brownies” to many a sports fan, have added to that city’s baseball awakening, and incidentally, to Detroit’s bid for the top spot in the American League standings, by knocking off the famed New York Yankees twice in a doubleheader, and then turning on the highlyesteemed Boston Red Sox on two consecutive occasions. —bbf— The Red Sox had just finished a four-game sweep of a series with an old nemesis, the White Sox, and seemed ready to tighten the hold on fiist spot Maybe prosperity was too much foi Cronin’s, boys Some might say thaj; Yaw^^y’s “goldplating” was just so much addition of heavy armoi Others in the know just call it lack of good pitching . . such as spotting then own hurler six or eight runs only to have him blow the lead in late innings —bbf— We’ie already getting leady to nominate a “lookie of the year”
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
A Columbia Picture
■ ALSO ■
“DRUMS OF FU MANCHU"
-SUNDAY - MONDAY
DRUMS mm THE MDIURJf IN tICHNICOIORI — AND
- A Parnrnoiuit Picture
— ALSO — OUR GANG COMEDY
GRIN AND REAR IT
By Licfhy
Too busy to check my battery? Well, I ain’t forgettin’ this is an election year, Lem Parks!”
from the 16 major league clubs. First and nearest and most often brought to attention is 19-year-old Bob Kennedy, third-sacker for the Chicago White Sox. Kennedy played three games for the Sox before the close of last season, batting 250 in eight trips to the plate —bbf— Kennedy has played third as a regular since the start of the current season, hitting at a fair clip and shining better still on defense. His snap throw across the diamond has even veteran players marvelling and fast-stepping baserunners reaching first less often against his throws In last Tuesday’s game with the Yanks, with DiMaggio on second and Keller on first, Kennedy took a hot grounder, stepped on
third for the forceout, and made the long throw to first to beat the faststepping Gordon —bbf— Other times on defense he cuts in front of shortstop- position to make difficult plays seem easy. Offensively, Kennedy is no weakling . . . three consecutive doubles against Yankee pitching offer good evidence. —bbf— And if Tabor of the Red Sox doesn’t get the consideration for third base when the All-Star game rolls around July 9, it’s our guess Bobby Kennedy will make the trip to St. Louis to cool off the hot corner of the diamond.
ummeriE — TODAY-FRI. - SAT.— A PIOTURE TO ~~~ EiiEim Different! HeartWarming I Thrilling!
Robert YOUNG Helen GlliERT Charles Cobam»Leo Bowman STARTING SUNDAY HE PASSED UP THE WIFE GAVE HUBBY THE BABY!
THORNE IToDoerl SMITHS HIIARIOUS NOVEl TURNABOUT starring ADOLPHE RRENIOU • CAROLE LANDIS JOHN HUBBARD • william gargan VERREE TEASDAIE • MARY ASTOR
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
TODAY - TOMORROW -DOUBLE FEATURE —
Savage — Untamed Exotically Lovely DOROTHY LAMOUR offering her love to the first man man that found her
in
JUNGLE PRINCESS — PLUS —
LOttlSt
00HM-®
Victims of ruthless men, they sacrifice their right to happiness in their desperate fight to live.
MIDNITE SHOW SATURDAY 11:30 WALLACE BEERY ROBERT TAYLOR in STAND UP AND FIGHT
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioned
For Economy
The Lahr HotelWHMaMMi
Q .
Friday, June 21. 1940
Classified
Ads
o;
FOR CLASSROOM OR SP0RT
DRESS COOL
ENSEMBLE SUITS
Shirts and slacks to match or contrast in all colors and made in cool washable fabrics.
These are very finely tailored by leading manufacturers as BVD, Tru-Vgl, Jayson, Enro & Rugby.
Priced $3.50 up
SPORT SHIRTS
Made with convertible collar so you may wear a tie if you choose. Made of light weight fabrics in stripes and plain colors. By BVD, Tru-Val, Jayson, Enro 8s Rugby.
Priced $1.00 up
THE HOLLYWOOD ROGUE SHIRT 1 The newest and most popular sport shirt on the market at popular prices. ^ Priced I $2.00 and $2.50
SOONAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
PtlRt)UE EXPOHENt
ETS RESTRUNG and rfep&ired. Phone 66832 and your work will be called for and delivered.
Bold and Black
For Rent—Room in private home.
Service in carpentry, cabinet feetructor or employed persons, work, saw filing, TENNIS RACK- Gentlemen preferred. 229 Conriolly.
Well it looks like it’s about time for the Bold & Black column to mhke its first appearance in the summer editions of the Exponent. It seems that this summer is just like those of years gone by. We can see quite a few faces, but dam few familiar ones. It seems to us that school teachers are crazy. They want to burn the candle at both ends by going to school in the summer and teaching it in the winter. However, I suppose they have good reasons for picking Purdue for their summer work. Incidentally, it is a fact that Purdue eds have a reputation for money and good looks, but I don’t suppose that school teachers are influenced by that. •jt-B & B— * After that lengthy welcome to the public school faculty we had better get down to the little dirt we know. —B & B— Attention Paul Hamman! Don’t you think that Caryl Kepner has a right to see any pictures that you might have even if they are a bit nude side. —B & B— They say that Alice Newton is having trouble landing four men with white shirts to act as urshers for Sunday’s convo. Maybe there aren’t four Purdue eds with white shirts. —B & B— It looks as if that select group, the Public Service Engineers, are well represented in the summer session. Out of the twenty-five in the junior class half of them are here. All right I know that makes 12 Vs and you wnat to know what has happened to the % man. I have only seen him once and at that time he was acting the part of a bar fly over in town.
Prof. R. R. Ryder
... of the division of education and applied psychology, has left the University for the summei^ session to teach at the summer session of Oregon State College, Corvallis, Ryder will appear in panel discussions there July 10 and 17, at a special short course on educational topics relating to the use of resources of the northwestern part of the United States.
I think that the Rural Youth conference is a fine thing. At least the delegates are really warming up the ball room floor every evening. I wish that some of the co-eds had that much pep. They say that the Phi Gams and the Sig Eps are 'being kept awake all night with the rejoicing on the way home. The Phi Gams claim that all night life should end at 10:00 o’clock—A.M. —B & B— Any contributions for Bold & Black will be welcomed. They can be deposited in the B & B box at the west desk in the Union. You know that you school teachers won’t be students until your name appears in B & B, so why don’t you help each other out and send in bits of dirt about your friends. —B & B— Propaganda Dept. Keep the United States out of war.
VARIETY
ECONOMY
Here you may enjoy your favorite dishes and acquaint yourself with delicious new ones.
QUICK SERVICE The two fast-moving lines save time when you eat in the CAFETERIA
JJuL fiwvdjusL ^KYlanufujaL lAnion.
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
f. C. Elliott Assumes P E Directorship
9nthe(fhuJu^iM
Stitnitter Session Students
The University announced today that President Elliott has assumed the directorship of the division of physical education for men. This arrangement will probably continue for some time in order to afford the Trustees of the University ample time to fill the vacancy created by the death of Noble Kizer.
University Presbyterian Church North and Grant Streets, West Lafayette At 9:15 Sunday momir\g a discussion group, led by Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University mathematics department, will consider the subject “The Christian Community.” The discussion is open to all students.
Any person having questions regarding summer session work or related problems should feel free to make inquiries at the summer session office in the Executive Building. F. B. KNIGHT, Director of Sommer Session.
will be delivered by Dr. Steele. The theme will be “The Forward Tread.”
Central Presbyterian Church Seventh and Columbia Streets, Lafayette Dr. Graham will conduct worship and preaching service at 10:15 Sunday morning.
Wesley Foundation 9:30—Simday School. 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon
Lafayette Christian Church 329 N. 6th Street, Lafayette 9:30—Church School for summer school students. 10:25—Morning Worship. The subject of Rev. Mullen’s sermon will be “Christian in Spite of Everything.” At 7:30 the Christion church will present a musical program. The program will consist of songs by the choir of the Crawfordsville Christian Church.
CONVOCATIONS, SOCIAL AND RECREATIONAL EVENTS
Summer Session, 1940
June
21 —
8:00
P.M.
Second Mixer, Union Building.
23 —
7:30
P.M.
Religious Convocations, Fowler Hall —Speaker, Dr. Homell Hart. Music under direction of Albert P. Stewart.
25 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Green”
26 —
8:00
P.M.
Summer Session Songfest—Hall of Music—Music under direction of Al-
P. Stewart.
28 —
4:00-7:00
P.M.
Summer Session Picnic and Barbecue Lunch—Russell Woods, just west of Stadium.
28 —
8:00
P.M.
Third Mixer, Union Building.
July
2 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Green”
5 —
8:00
P.M.
Fourth Mixer, Union Building
9 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Green”
9 —
7:30
P.M.
Swimming Pool Stunt Night—Field House.
10 —
8:00
P.M.
Summer Playshop Plays—Hall of Music—J. E. Dietrich, Director.
11 —
6:30
P.M.
Summer Session Banquet, Union Building—Speaker, Henry Wolfe.
12 —
8:00
P.M.
Fifth Mix^r, Union Building.
13 —
7:30
P.M.
Music Festival, Hall of Music.
16 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Green”
17 —
8:00
P.M.
Second Songfest—Hall of Music.
19 —
8:00
P.M.
Sixth Mixer, Union Building
23 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Greeri”
26 —
8:00
P.M.
Summer Prom, Union Building
30 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Green”
31 —
8:00
P.M.
Sbcond Summer Playshop Plays— Hall of Music.
August
-r"'
6 —
6:30-8:00
P.M.
“Games on the Green"
PONT ENVY ME... JUST WEAR FORTUNE
FORTUNES are the— World^s Champion hot weather shoe
B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth StvW' k ^ ‘‘•h' n.*.
>j>i s Tvv ^ r- ^ ^ \
j i
life? ^
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, Tune 21, 1940
❖a. J‘^
FRANZ SCHUBERT'S Symphony No 8 in B Minor (Unfinished)
Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
LUDWIG VAN BEETHOVEN'S Symphony No 5 in C Minor Complete in 4 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records and Symphony No 8 in F Major Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
WOLFGANG AMADEUS MOZART'S Symphony No 40 in G Minor
Complete m 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
^VW%WWWV%WWV«%VV%%WV%%VWW%V%VW«^%WV%%VV%WV«WW?
^wvvww»wv%vwwvvwv%%v%%ww%vw\%wv%v%
RICHARD WAGNER'S Prelude to "Die Meistersmger" and "Parsifal"
Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
^VWWWVV%V%WVVV%%«««V%WV%%%%VWV
■v%%v%wwv%%wv^%wwvv!
jOHANN SEBASTIAN BACH'S
Brandenburg Concertos Nos 2 and 3
Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
Cofiyright 1940, Publisher's Service Co, Inc
IMMORTAL MASTER PIECES s«flTHt WORLD'S'. CRE^iEST rCOi^P^ERS^,, ')Y’ ' r‘‘ ■ • ‘StiirirfWh"^^'t1Wir‘'^" ‘ ‘' ^ a ..
2 MAGNIFICENT SYMPHONIESJDM TO THE ORIGINAL LIST OF 10 All twelve symphonies (thirteen units) m this great Music Appreciation Program are now available' Now you may come in and secure a complete library of recordings^—music for your every mood—-by the world's greatest composers ' Many readers have informed us that they were waiting until ALL of the symphonies were released before they took advantage of this wonderful offer Now the opportunity these readers have been waiting for has come' Remember this offer brings you complete works of some of the most illustrious pomposers who.ever lived Twelve magnificent masterpieces played by outstanding American symphony orchestras directed by conductors of international repute! If you have not yet heard this sublime music—if you have not yet visited our demonstration nook—you owe it to yourself to come in at the very first opportunity Come m and hear Beethoven's Symphony No 8 m F Major, Tschaikowsky's Nutcracker Suite, the two newest additions, or the other symphonic gems Hear them played just as you can hear them in your own home whenever you wish See the wonderful electric Record Player that is also part of this offer If there are any symphonies you did not obtain during the weeks they were released, this is your chance to get them Remember, two additional symphonies were added to the original list of 10— Beethoven's Symphony No 8 in F Major and Tschaikowsky's Nutcracker Suite—and they are now available for you, along with the original ten Never before has such a splendid library of recordings been offered at such an incredibly low price Never before has the music of the masters been within the reach of practically every family. By all means, come in for a demonstration of this glorious musical treasure-trove Carry the recordings home with you and prove to yourself—as have thousands of others— that great music can be popular music when it becomes familiar music Electric Record Player » Not only does this Music Appreciation Program bring you twelve COMPLETE symphonic works of the greatest conjposers who ever lived, at a price that is unbelievably low, but, in addition, the plan enables you to secure—at slight additional cost—an electric Record Player that will play any record right through the loudspeaker of your radio This splendid instrument is handsomely designed and, when attached to your radio, plays right through the audio-tuljes with crystal clarity—with all the volume and tone of the radio itself .
HOW TO GET YOUR RECORDS 1 Come for, or send for your symphonies at MUSIC APPRECIATION CAMPAIGN headquarters, Purdue Exponent Business Office, 312 North 5th Street, Lafayette The office will be open each week-day 10-12 a m and 1-4 p m, including Saturday. Requests by mail will be filled in order of receipt 2 All twelve symphonies (thirteen units) are now available and It IS possible for you to purchase any of the symphonies you want immediately. ^ 3 Each symphony which consists of either 3 or 4 double-faced twelve-inch records is priced at $1 59 or $2 39 (DeLuxe set) This price IS NOT FOR EACH RECORD but for the COMPLETE symphony The two symphonies which consist of five records require a payment of $1 98 or $2 98 (DeLuxe set) for the entire symphony The Cesar Franck D Minor Symphony, on account of its, length, IS divided into two units, each unit consisting of three double-faced twelve-inch records and the cost of each unit is the same as for any other three-record group 4. An electric Record-Player attachment, which enables these records to be played through the loudspeaker of an average radio, IS available for those who require'a means of playing records It can be obtained for $4 25 A more elaborate instrument, the Symphonic De Luxe Model, enclosed m a walnut-finished case, is available at $8 50 If you wish delivery of your symphonies by mail, add 25 cents for shipping charges for each sym'phony Add 50 cents for shipping charges if you wish a Record-Player shipped to you
DISTRIBUTION HEADQUARTERS PURDUE EXPONENT OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette
<>
CLAUDE DEBUSSY'S "Afternoon of a Faun" "Clouds" and "Festivals'
Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
^vvwwvv»vvwww\»»^w\»w»v%wwwvvw
FRANZ JOSEF HADYN'S Symphony No 99 in E Flat Major
Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
PETER ILYITCH TSCHAIKOWSKY'S Symphony No 4 in F Minor Complete in 5 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records and Nutcracker Suite Complete in 3 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
/♦AWWWWWVWWV%WVVWWWWWVVWWWW%WWVVW%VW%AV
JOHANNES BRAHMS' Symphony No 2 n D Maj'or
Complete in 5 Double-Faced 12-Inch Records
CESAR FRANCK'S Symphony in D Minor
Because of its extreme length this masterpiece IS released in two units of three records each.