I -I* ^
, ^
M^RRYGO-ROUKD Predicts Anthracite Bituminous Strike
LAMiERT Sharpens Team For Crimson Tilt
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 79
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, January 29, 1943
Alfxer Theme Will Feature Cabaret Spanish Scene Will Lend Atmosphere To Mixer; Union Will Serve Refreshments in Ballroom
Vallely Explains Playshop To Hold Moving Of Activities Tryouts For New
Play Tomorrow 'Arsenic And Old Lace' To Play Here
To New Offices Four Groups Get New Locations
Russe Offers New For Convo Tonight Tschaikowsky, Stratiss, Copeland Add
The reason for moving on the third floor of the Union building was finally released today by Will
“Arsenic and Old Lace,” the current Broadway comedy - murder
Classic Touch As Ballet Opens At 7:30
■ A Cabaret scene of old Spain will be the theme of tomorrow
night’s mixer and to lend to the atniosphere, the two ballrooms ^ thriller hash " ' will be dimmed out. The backdrop will be dark blue with Hiller, president of the Student regular production of Performers of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo will present a ballet composed of three dances
spangles and all the band fronts will feature tambourine de- “ " °
signs.
To thihk of an appropriate -way in which to help entertain ttriports for the week end, or
even campus girls, the night T,..« aiter the sophomore Cotillion, I WO riOSlliliOll
the Student Union has put its nose to the grindstone and come up with the idea for this <lance. The additional idea of bring tne refreshments to the dancers, instead of making them waste rubber
or leather walking to the Sweet Military students poured from Shop for a between-dances snack, the Aimory alter corps day, intent dropped from the blue of the Span- o''* taking the shoi tost route in ish sky and consequently there will order not to miss an extra portion be tables placed around the ball- ^it the noon meal. Two freshmen room dance floor. began thoii' trek acioss the campus The refreshments will add a bit in the direction of fraternity row. more to the price of admission,-but They scuriied past the Music Hall then you can grab a quick drink or ^nd rapidly approached the turf a bite to eat and go on with your sui rounding the Executive Building rug cutting. Tickets will be on sale where a campus cop stood stiffly for the usual Saturday night mixer near the entrance and watched price of $1.10. them -With no undue concern. The Mahn To Play freshmen, knowing the shortest disMaury Mahn and his orchestra tance between two points, did not will furnish the music, which may alter their courge—being used to not be in Spanish style. However, seeing officers in unifoim — but Mahn’s orchestra was organized strode meriily onto the cold, bare four years ago by Irv Givens and ground. its present maestro. It was then That’s right. This twosome was known as Irv and Maury’s orches- brought to a halt by a commanding tra. tone from the campus guard who, Mahn and his musicians have after offering them a warning, sent played as second band to many of them on their journey again—by t^ie present big name bands, such as way of\the sidewalk! Shaw, Whiteman and Dorsey, at Lucky, weren’t they? Yes, they proms and military balls on the were sent on with only a warning; campus. He is scheduled to play for they weren’t fined the legal five most of the Saturday night mixers dollars. Such students as these are
liable to penalties imposed for violating common campus rules.
Union. The change in room assign- I’^gular production of
ments involved the offices of four season. Tryouts for all parts in tonight in the Hall of Music for the third convocation of the semester beginning at 7:30. The
campus activities. tomorrow aft- doors will be open at 6:45 p. m.
The new room assignments were ern^ from 1 to 4. program consists of three musical selections, “The Magic Swan” by Tschiakowsky, made by the Union president and through ^atur- Aaron Copeland, and “Blue Danube” by Johann Strauss. The leading dancer in Mr. Vallely on an entirely^^d^emand- March 10-13, in place of the first selection is Fedoro; in the second, Alice de Mille with the Ballet Russe troupers, and
the third, Leonide Massine,
need” basis. Their selections of the , based upon the relative Claudia which was previously an-
nounced for these dates.
rooms were
importance of the activities petitioning and the amount of room space that their functions de-
manded.
Limited Space As to the method of selection
The story concerns two elderly ladies who have murdered twelve men because they look so peaceful while asleep. Their brother, who thinks he is Teddy Roosevelt, buries
Ballet Russe
Hiller says, “We regret that any- the victims in the cellar when his
one has to be moved to a room that they don’t want; however, our method of ipom assignment is dictated by limited space. We can’t po.ssibly handle more than oui'facilities have to offer. Because we are limited, the choice had to be made upon a “survival of the fittest” basis. Activity Workers Help Moye The actual process of moving was ckrried on during the past week. The Student Senate called their workers to move th..ir office from room 360 to room 386. The Lost and Found Department will be in the outer office. The Fraternity Affairs office is now in the former Senate Office, in 1 oonr 360. The Forensic Board and Purdue Pharmacist have been moved into the former Fraternity Affairs Office in room 328.
a Xi's Uncover
sisters tell him they are yellow fever victim:-. He is digging the
Panama Canal in the cellar. Anyone ‘ interested in dramatics
may try out. Mr. Ross D. Smith, associate director of Playshop, will
direct the play.
this semester.
Ban^ Prefers Sweet-Swing The hiember's of the band prefer to play sweet-swing music from original arrangements, which are writtan by Jim Watson. The group is now the largest all-campus band i,n the country and has been featured at several proms of various schools—the latest at Rose Polytechnic in Terre Haute. Personnel of the band consists of six saxes, five brass and three rhythm, as well as well as the two vocalists.
Army Will Postpone
At a recent meeting of the Alpha Xi pledges, the rules of the house,
All Indiana men between the ages of 18 and 38 who have been i egistcred for the draft for six months and have not yet received their classification cards, take heed. After Februaiy 1 men of this age group who do not have their classification cards and certificates of registration in their possession are liable to fine and impiisonment. In case of violation the Federal Bureau of Investigation is in charge of the cases. When there is a suspected delinquency, the case is re-
past and present, were read to them feried to the United States district by the actives.'’One in particular attorney. Arrest and prosecutions created quite a furor. It stated that are not carried out by the selective
. . . world tamous troupe, which wi
the dahce, the various themes expressed in the music of the
masters.
balletmaster of the troupe. On investigating the field of ballet it is found that it is the fundamental type of dancing, and by learning the fundamental positions and movements of the art, the popular dancers of today have perfected their own type of dancing. Modern dance, which is being studied at the University, has been inculcated into the expressions of the ballet and has made it more popular during the last decade to those taking up the art seriously. Ballet Expresses Feeling For those with only a vague idea of the meaning and idea behind ballet dancing, it is an expression of feeling through physical movements suggested by music. A large ballet is a collection of dances each built ai-ound a theme suggested by the music. The costumes and movements of the dancers all have the' same purpose, that of conveying the feeling of the dancers and spirit of
the music.
Ballet first began in the United’ States about 1908, at which time it was brought to this country by Russian companies. At present there are schools throughout the country teaching the various forms of dance and bringing it before the public eye. There are various road ‘^o^Panies which tour the coun^.
' of which the most famous is the
Regular Saturday night hours will either the Army Enlisted be enforced, and the dance will last Reserve Corps or Army Air Force
no pledge is allowed on the Ag campus after six o’clock. They commented that the present pledges need no such rule and one stated that the territory around the Chem building is much better anyway. Nearly 80 per cent of the 1,618
University students who are mem- W. H. Waddell
service systems since these violations do not fall under their jurisdiction. Colonel Robinson Hitchcock, state director of selective service, warns all men of this age group to communicate immediately with their local di’aft boards.
To 'Expo' Staff Due
Tomorrow At Noon
from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. AWS Will Hold Callqut In Union
Monday At 4 P.M,
Enlisted Reserves are enrolled in the schools of engineering, an analysis of the official enlistment
figures have revealed.
The recent order of the War Department, stating that students in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps would be called for active training at the end of the current semester,
AWS will hold a callout Monday which falls on April 20, indicated afternoon, February 1, at 4 p, m. that engineering students, whose in the AWS office for all freshmen further professional training is held and sophomore coeds. vital to the war effort, would be There are many jobs available for among those groups whose call for new workers on the various com- active training would be deferred mittees. Activities committee is in until a'later date, possibly until chai’ge of clerical work; vocations completion of theii undergraduate
committee takes care of letter writ- work.
ing; and the duties of the office Out of 1,242 students at present committee are in the form of typ- enrolled in the Aimy Enlisted Reing, making posters and other odd serve, 950 are engineers and 292 jobs needing to be done. in other schools, while of 376 enThe defense committee, a newly rolled in the Army Air Force Enorganized group, aids the USO and listed Reserve, 307 are engineers, other war efforts functioning In addition tmthe large number ot around the Univi^rsity. If any coed students in the Army Reserves, adis interested in such work, remem- ditional hundreds have enlisted in ber the callout, Monday at 4. Navy and Marine Corps Reserves. Gimlet Pledges [gscoe Bieaks Saw!
... of Dominion Rust Research Laboratory, Winnepeg, Canada, is spending a few days at the Univer-
Senior board of the Exponent has announced the election of Frank Vegh to the position of an associate editor. He will take the place of Becky Caylor who with drew from school at the end of last semester.
All eligible students are reminded that applications for enrollment in advanced military will be received in the main office of the Armory
University Director of In-
sity to study methods employed in formation, spoke at a meeting of breeding soft winter wheat. He is the University Alumni Club in Inespecially interested in the tech- dianapolis Wednesday. It is a cus-
Vegh will have the title of City P'
Editor and will share the duty of ® p. m
supervising the gathering and writing of all news until it arrives at
the deadline, on Saturday, Jan. 30, Eligible students as defined by the Military Department, are those stu-
nique started and employed at the tom that members of the legislature the Night Editor’s desk with three
University for measuring the pas- who are graduates of the Univer- other City Editors, elected last oiigina y approved for the
Advanced Corps. Students must
try quality in wheat.
sity be entertained by the club, semester.
Two O^clock Hours
Gimlet Club announces pledging of the following:
Paul Miller Bill Morgan Dale Butz
Bill Reckman C. B. Parrish
Dick Brown
Gerry Klouman
Jim Petty
Don Johnson Jesse Wright
Walt Rafcrt Bill Jones Ed Cyccnas
Chuck Harris
Bill Badger
Dave Ileckard
Bob Sauter Floyd Bass Bill Spicth
Chick Sperlik , John Andretich Ken Roquemore Chuck Duesler
(he
GE Students Amazed Amid the din of the machine shop in Mike’s Palace the other day a group of engineers were attending one of 0. D. Laseoe’s lectures on the proper use of the hand hack saw. After completing his lecture, Lascoe proceeded with a demonstration by cutting a bar of stock. He emphasized the fact that proper usage would keep the blade from breaking; however, his demonstration was cut short when the blade broke. Under the strain of this cmbarassing situation he explained that he was demonstrating the way not to use the hack saw. Furthermore, he added that (he blade ho was using wa.s .worn and the teeth were bent.
By Sig. Peterson
When Jerry Wald with his clarinet and orchestra swing out with his theme song at 9:00 tonight in both ballrooms of the Union, he will begin the 24th of a series of colorful sophomore Cotillions. The first Cotillion was held March 26, 1920, in the Memorial Gymnasium. Several sophomore dances had been
held previous to this one.
In 1918, what was called the Sophomore Pan Hell Dance was hold in Colonial Hall—a hall occupying the second floor of the building where the Jennings restaurant is now located. The following year another similar dance was held in Allen’s ballroom across town. Accounts of these dances told
one-step, two-step, waltz, or fox trot. By this means, those who weren’t such good dancers could plan which dances they wanted to sit out. It seems that during the late
a couple was noticed to be especially oblivious of those around them, a spotlight would single them out and as was said then, “break it up,” much to the meiiiment of everyone, Those were the '“spotlight”
’teens and early twenties the junior dances.
and senior classes had class hats, the seniors also had their cords and
Skull and fraternity
Crescent, sophomore men’s honorary, which
those who had no distinguishing features were known , as sophomores. Class spirit and politics was much more pievalent then than now and the sophomores wanted to have a better - organized annual
class dance.
Before the sophomores were permitted to hold this dance as a regular affair, they were required by
of W. E. McDougle s five-piece Jazz faculty committee to pass a
the freshmen had green pots while organized in 1932, has put this
series of dances up among the top dances of the year. There has been a big name band for practically every Cotillion since then. Among them are Henry Basse, Happy Felton, Charlie Agnew, vVee Brigode, Deacon Moore, Dick Jurgens, and
Johnny Long.
Jeiiy Wald, this yeai’s choice, comes from a stand at the Panther
come to the Armory during their free hours since aplication will not be considered an acceptable excuse for class cutting. Students applying should bring their schedule cards along so that a satisfactory schedule of classes may be arranged. According to the Military Department, the classes in MT 5 will be conducted as usual with five houis of instruction per week. War Department Communications received by the Military Department, stating that enlisted reservists would be called at the end of the semester with certain exceptions, did not indicate whether those students who are accented in the present class would be called or not. Solberg Lectures On Wright Engine Professor H. L. Solberg lectured last night on the Studebaker-built Wright-Cyclone engine that has been on display in room 108 of the Mechanical Eiigineeiing building this week. Professor Solberg began with the engine and explained the mechanics of it. explained the con-
Combmation furnishing inspiring resolution stating that they would Room of the Hotel Shei man in Chi- struction, and pointed out many in-
not compete with the Junior Prom cago. It wa.s his band that was or Senior Hop, then the top dances chosen to play for 20,000 dance of the year. lovers at the famous Harvest Moon Feature dances such as “moon- Ball in Madison Square Garden in lights,” “confettj and streamer New York City last August. Wald’s throwing,” and “spotlight dances” band is less than one year old and
major dances a complete program were common then. Dance floors at since Wald follows in the footsteps of the dance would appear in the that time were lit up much more of Artie Shaw, Jimmy Dorsey,^
Exponent. Along with the name of than now so “Moonlights,” where Woody Htmman, and Charlie Spivak ated by his talk last night, Prothe number for each dance, would the lights were turned low, were in the Harvest Moon Ball eng'age- fessor Solberg will repeat his talk appear the designation of the type popular with the eds and coeds, ment. Cotillion goers are anticipat- again tonight, at 7 p. m. in room of dance that it would be—such as During some of these dances when ing a real treat'. 108 of the Mechanical Building.
music for sixteen dances and four extras. Names of chaperons and out-of-town guests (imports) also
appeared m the Exponent. Dancing in those days was dif-
ferent than now. Preceding the
teiesting aspects of the design only Piofessor Solberg can. After explaining the cut away model of this nine cylinder radial engine that is the power plant of the renowned Flying Fortiess, he opened the
meeting to questions.
Because of the great interest cre-
Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. New Type Ballet A new type of theme for the ballet is introduced in tonight’s performance in the score of “Rodeo” by Aaron Copeland. A night on the ranch in which the folk dancing and general rowdiness pervade the scene is brought out in this piece. Social Fraternities May Not Pledge Men Under Seventeen Contrary to the statement in yesterday’s Exponent, social fraternities may not pledge any male student until he has reached his ITtlt birthday. Regulations are as follows: “No male student will be eligible to pledge a social fraternity at Purdue University until he has reached his 17th birthday and may not live in a fraternity house until the terra following his 17th birtliday, unless he is able to provide written consent from his parent or guardian. “Any male student who is admitted to the University with less than the standard entrance requirements but with 15 or more units may pledge to a fraternity after satis» factory completion of one term in residence, subject to the preceding regulation. “Any student who is admitted to the University by the Special Committee on Admissions with less than 15 units may pledge to a fraternity only after satisfactory completion of one term in the University and with the approval of the Dean of
Men.”
Reamers Pledges Reamers Club ' announces the pledging of the following: Jim Ackerman Jim Aull Art Barab Jack Byres Paul Friend Bob Kroeplin Herb MacQueen Norm Merick John Pedlor George Ramsey Chick Kezek Henry Kossen Art Seddon Don Stultz Bill Tyson Jim Utterback Will Webber2
Purdue Exponent
Friddy, January 29, 1943
Purdue JExponent Oftic^i tiittoHAl ^nd Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor; ; BusincRR Manasrcr N*ws Editor....:., ManacinR Editor;.......... Senior Advertising Manager:. BPdtW Editor. Coed Editor Cdtd BWsWeas EktcdlSVc
William G. Hoskins ..Gerhard H. Klouman ..Robert W. Boswinkle Dale E. Sutz James G. Petty. Joseph S. Dawson Sally Beall A. Jans Kidia
\ .
Publication Staff
Editorial staff
Assodate Editors: B. J. Caylor, J. T. RichardsOii, T. L. Tilton, ^W; H. 'Tyson, W, L. Vermilion, it. L. Smith, C. C. Mhrtin-
deil, E. Murphy.
Coed Staff.: Phyllis Mann, Martha Ece ItisRs, Carolyn Wilbur,
Elainfe Ahrens.
Sports Staff: C. Sow.ards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith,
Business Staff
Assistant AdvertisinK Manager: J, Filpi. Advertisinsr Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. H. Krocplin. Accounts Manager: Mary RUts.. , .
The Purdue Independent
Bditor-in-Chief..
..Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Marlindell Sports Editor: Sowards Day Editor: Wilbur Issue Editor: Tuttle . Workers: Speck, Richardson, Bflync-s, Abbett, Gregory, Heid, Fitzpatrick, HellTrich, Bauer, For.sythe, Smellzer, Dominik.
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafayette,. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. and at the .special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1017. authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tiiosday. Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally hy carrier for 31.70 for a senie.ster or. $3.00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for livo semesters; Repre.sented for i1.alional advertising by National Adverlisipv Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ’
le
mSHWTOH
Tm U S Pdl OH.
What Size Army? Some interesting news has appeared this week between stories on Errol Flynn and the Casablanca theatre. Seems that bhairmah Robert Reynolds of the Senate Miljtafy Affairs Committee has taken it upon himself and his committee to figure out how big the Army IS going to be. The most encouraging bit bf news contained in his statement is that he won’t make up bis mind until he has all the t'vidence. ■* Of course, we’re a bit confused on the whole matter. We have been led to think that McNutt and his cohorts had more or less made up their minds on the matter and Were proceeding accordingly. At least that seemed logical. Anyway, the feeling in official circles now indicates that the size of the army will be somew'here between nine and twelve million ' men. Two or three million one way or the other doesn’t seem to matter. Of course the nation can’t equip many more than it now supports and still continue lend-lease. ^^or can our transports get these extra men out of the country. But 12 million makes an awfully impressive figure. ' . Don’t mistake our intentions, however. We are not prettending to tell the government how' big to make its army. There are already so many advisors and conflicting opinions on the matter that numerous calls to service by one department result next day in a counterorder. This is simply an appeal—a voice from the wilderness—crying out for more definite action and fewer contradictory statements by the builders of our armed forces. Why, when no one knows how many men the armed forces will take, do Army and Manpower officials continue to make statements about calling up of draftees and enlisted reservists? How can they publish an induction time-table clear un into the bracket including men with several children when there is nothing definite on which to base this time-table? If our reader would answer these questions, we’d certainly appreciate it. McNutt won’t. —w.g.h. - The Ratio
3.55 ... to 1
HEAVE A SIGH, GENTS 'Cause by the time you read this, that period of the year when many Purdue coeds seem to lose all interest in the opposite sex and spend most of their time swooning at the slightest gesture of some poor, naive, little freshman girl (soon destined to help pay some sorority’s mortgage) who doesn’t know them as we do> will be over. Yes, men, all the fuss and “Sorry, Honey, I can’t make that date tonight—rush meeting, you know’’, of sorority rush, will be gone for another semester. Now, perhaps, your eager and willing scribe will have a little news for you, when the male begins to date the female again, which is the way Nature intended things to be.
Lieuf'enanf’ l. H. McKee ... a 1941 graduate of the Univer.sity, who is serving in an anti-aircraft division in the Caribbean defensy area, has been promoted to a first lieutenant.
Second kt, Lawrence E. Markey . . . recently received his Bombaixlier ^ipg.s. He was commissioned at Hondo, Tex., Aii' Foi/4' Naviga tion School. He graduated from the Wiversity i 1839 and was a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon social
fraternity.
MERKY-GO-ROUHD
’ ''ll)REA
New Strike Threatens Mines; Union Leader Will Have To Get Increases To Gain Ptie^ti^l^ WASHINGTON-—Now that the anthracite miners have endetfone of the most serious strikes since Pearl Harbor, another cbal Strike thay be just around the edrher. It threatens In both the atithracite and bitlim!ndiis coal fields when the United Miitb VVorkfers torttract with the bituminous coal operations expires on March 31, and the artthracite contract terminates oHie
monUi later.
Johh L. Lewis has lef it be krtown that he would detrtdnd big increases for both clafesfes of fhirtfers, artd he plans to do this regardless of the War Labor Board’s “little Steel’’ formula, by which wage increases are limited to 15 per ceht of what Workers in an industry werepaid on Jan. 1, 1941. Compared to various war time industries, the miners iihquestioriably deserve more money. Their wages are low compared with the booming pay of shipyards and munitions plants; alsd their work is hazardous. However, John L. Lewis has another reason for demanding sizeable wage increases. He has to build up the prestige he lost during the anthracite strike, When several thousand of his otv'rt miners defied him and struck partly against the collection of larger
Union dues.
This is the first time in the history of the United Mine Workers, which John L. nursed and built up, that he has been defied by his own rtieh. So, to emphasize his usefulness, he will now have to come through with large wage increases—probably $1 a day .for b'ituhiirtbus and $2 a da^'for anthracite miners. ' Tlii.s is 'siire to Cause it deadlock with the operators. They will hot gi’aht the inCrbases On the ground that they would' vipiate the Wat- Labor Board’s “Little Steel’’fdrmuht'. ' ^ A strike dVer these new contracts 4yould be highly disastrous, and migPt paralyze war industry in many phrts of the Cblintry. However, that is ekaCtiy the way things are how heading—unless thb War Labor Board aitei's its foihhiila'ah'd permits hiOrC than a 16 per
Cent inci-eaS'e.
• Capil^al Chaff 'U. S. CKaihbef of Commerce President Eric John.stdn, will riihTbf the Senate in 1944 bn the Republican ticket againat Senator H'ortifef BonC, Democrat. Johnstbrt is bhe of the fetk politically hlinded irten ever to sit in the crUsty throne of 4hb U. S. Chamber. . . . 'Robert Stripling, .$4,8o6-a-year secretary Of the Dies Conlmittee, which under the law now doesn’t exist, is still trying to fasten the “communist’’ label on governmerit workers ivhb joined some liberal organikatibh in their ybuth. . . . Spanish pressure on Paramburtt Svill cause Some changes in the movie versioh bf Hemingway’s best' seller, “For Whom the Bell Tbll.^,’’ But-it will probably be released to the American public ill April—rdespite France. . .. The WAVES, gradually taking over more of the Navy’s paper work, are bringing in some Sniart officers, among them Lieut. Rebecca Gross, former managing editor of the Lock Haveh, Pa.; Express and one of the few women managing editors in the country. 9 Church in NationaS Park ' SecTCtary ickes has just'managed to settle a delicate question which dragged on for nearly two years as to whether the Catholic church: could build in a. National Park. The is.sue came up when the, church asked Ickes for permission to build a chapel on the south rim of the .Grand Canyon National Park. Ickes replied that it was contr-ary to government policy to permit any one denoinination to build on park land, but that some day when funds were available, ho hoped to build a church in Grand Canyon which could be used by all denominations. . Ickes thought this ended the matter; so was surprised to .find during' an absence from Washington that his Undersecretary, John J. Dempsey, now pop.ular Governor of New Mexico, had reopened it. Dempsey had told the Bishop of Gallup, New Mexico, the Reverend Bernard T. E.spelage, that a Catholic Church could be built at Grand Canyon, it being understood that a Pi'ote.stant church algo could be built. However, no Protestant church wanted to build. But, Dempsey went ahead and, without Ickes’ knowledge, asked the National Park Service to prepare preliminary sketches. Bishop Espelage canre to Washington to make afrangenients witli Dempsey, and in March, 1942, Dempsey authorized Superintendent Bryant of the National Park Service to permit construction of the chapel. By this time. Secretary Ickes found out that his Undersecretary had overruled him. According to National Park officials, Dempsey may have figured that the church could not be built because of priorities. For in July, 194-2, he wrote the Bishop that no priorities were available and the Government could not help in getting them. Later Dempsey re.signed from the Interior Department, apd this dispute was reputed to be one reason for his exit. Shortly thereafter, Ickes wrote a letter to the bishop that the consti-uction of any church on government property was hot in line with park policy. The matter is now closed. • Hurley And Timoshenko When friends asked Brig. Gen. Patrick J. Hurley, just back from Russia, to explain the Marshal Timoshenko’s mysterious disappearance from the limelight, Hiirley dodged the question as follows: Timoshenko is the George Washington of Russia. Washington retreated all the way from Boston to Yorktdwn. He lost one battle after Another, but he figured that as long as lie had his army intact, and the vast reaches of North America to retreat into, he might lose the battles but he would win the war. And he kept on retreating until he was able to spring the trap on Cornwallis at Yorktown. Timoshenko also followed the retreat strategy— from Kharkov to Rostov to Stalingrad-'-but kept his array intact. He is a tremendous figure' in Russia. His name is stamped on the hearts of the people. • Flynn's Prosecufion When the Foreign Relations Committee hearings on the nomination of Ed Flynn as minister to Australia began, Flynn’s chief critic. Republican Senator Styles Bridges of New Hampshire, started to sit by Pennsylvania’s Sterling Statesman Senator Joe Guffey. ‘You can’t sit here,” grunted Guffey. “This scat is reserved for another member of the committee.” Then, Joe added sarcastically; “Sit out there in front of the table with the witnesses. That’s where you belong, You are the prosecutor in tliis case.” (Copyright, 1943, by United Featurg Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIHANDBEARnr
By
ifilKS. Chlcng6 Tlmfi, Inc. J!’ 1%. U. 8. rot- Ottr. Ail .
“Hoff, spy regret to report that Nippon HAVE NOT cornered world rubber supply—say U. S. people have even enough'Tjo make check out of rubber.” University Calendar ti i. “ > Friday/January 29 7:00 P.M. Skull and Crescent Dinner .....E. Faculty Lge., Union 7:30 P.M. Convo—Ballet Russe Hall of Music 8:30 P.M. Sophomore Cotillion .‘.......Ballroom, Union
The Book W’orm
Review of Simoon Oliver’s Son of the Smoky Sea By Eicanore Cammeak For those persons interested in Alaska:—and today who is not? — this book, written by a young man of Eskimo - Norwegian liei'itage gives one, authentic atmosphere of the stepchild country purchased from Russia by the United States. The author, Nutchuk (his Eskimo name) was brought up in a mission home on Unalaska, one of the Aleutian islands. Dr. Newhall, talented phy.sician and teacher and his capable, wife, were in char.ge of the home and helped the children to lead normal lives. Upon discovering that Nutchuk had a talent for music, they readily fostered his in-' terost. , Adventurous Hunting And Fishing ' There are a.dvcnturous accounts, of the mission i)oys’ eagle hunts, salmon and cod fishing. The dc.scriptibns of various expeditions undertaken by the boys make extremely lively reading, As Nutchuk grew older ho was encouraged to assist Dr. Ne’ivhall ■with his mcclical cases. He was an apt pupil and .so fond of the doctor that he felt impelled to go to the Outside to study medicine. Then he could return .to Ala.sk;i and work among the Eskimos whom ho had always considered his people. Nutchuk Must Earn His Fare Dr. Newhall told him if he could earn the money for his I'culroad fare,'provision would be made for financing his first year of study. ■NqlChuk ea.rned his money the hard way: at whaling and working in a mine in a volcano. At the end of the summer he had enough money to take him Dutside to Northwestern College, Napiervillo, Illinois. There ho enrolled in a pre-medical cour.se with a course or two of music incJikIccI. Becoming adjusted to the stran.ge now life at college was a real problem for an Eskimo boy. He heartily
disliked people staring at him. After his Tnusic teacher suggested that he capitalize on his differentnoss, he became a happier individual. His interest in music increased; he found it brought him friends as well as extra money. A Woman Eventually it brought him great happiness in the friendship of a young girl who was, also, an accomplished musician. He gave up the idea of becoming a doctor and continued with his musical training. Since he i retained the idea that he should go back to Alaska to help his people he returned at the end of his second year at school. Pie travelled to the northern part of Alaska and lived with the Eskimos, taking part in all of their activities. He enjoyed this new life for several months but gradually became awai'e of the fact that liis music would be of no use there, either to his people or to himself. His decision to return to the States was sudden. He found much satisfaction, however, in being once more on a boat bound for Seattle.'
I^fl.
TODAY and TOMORROW
By G. B. Wu (Continued from preceding issue) Protection of health of the ci*vilian population is taken care of by the Natidtial Health Administratiob. The iiiain activities of theAVar time health program ai’e directed -tort’ards the “wnservatdon of man power” through four lines of approach, namely, (1) prevention of epidemics'—there are 35 AhtiEpidemic Units, ajoint Intelligence Service, Malaria Surveys, and a National Epidemic Bureau for the prevention of vaccines and feei'uhi. (2) Protection of Highway Health—there are at pi’esent 4D such stations established ialortg- the main highways, covering preventive inocculations, hiedical' relief, physical examinations, maternity artd child health, and sanitary improvenients. (3) Medical relief—in cooperation with the International Red Cross, the National Health Administration subsidises private and ibissionary hospitals in taking care of wounded soldiers, and sick or wounded civiHans. (4) De-velopment of local health services—ill close cooperation \Vith Anti - Epidemic Unit; Highway -Health Stations, the local health sei’vices examine new recruits, relieve air-raid vietiihSi ahd care of wai' orphans and reftigees. In view of the increasing importance of malnutrition and deficiency diseases among the general population of China, the National Health-Administration has initiated a national nutrition movement to arouse the interest of the general public on proper diet and nutrition. Soldier Rehabilitation The Orthopedic Centre represents a pioneer attempt in China to tackle the problem of the physical and economic rehabilitation of crippled soldiers. The great majority of crippled ahd disabled soldiers in China have to do without treatment, without proper appliances, and without a pension. There are between fifty and sixty thousand of these nron at present who after discharge from a hospital have nothing to look forward to but existence on a miserable subsidy in hostels whei'e they arc employed and have no means of seeking employment. There are three ways 'in which their lot can be impi'oved: 1. By training more oi'thopedic^ surgeons, extending the possibility of adequate skilled treatment. 2. By the manufacture of appliances, and 3. by teaching every di.sabled man a trade ahd thus enabling him to eventually return to normal life as a citizen capable of earning a living. The Centi'e is organized in four
sections as follows: 1. Orthopedic Surgery; 2. Phy'sibthetapy. ' 3. 'Vocational Training. 4. Social Service. .The Orthdpedi'c Section is responsible for the treatment and manufacture and fitting of appliances. It is therefore a hbspital.and workshop for the manufacture of artificial limbs. Vbcatibhal Tfaittittg The Vocational Training, Sei’viCe is to provide occupational therapy for convalescents and at the same time to train them in some usefiil craft by which they ertn' make rt’ living after discharge from the hospital. The vocational training' makes no attempt to make corrections df muscle or special defects^ IhCkin^ personnel and equipment for this type of work. It aims at rehabilitii|ti'dn' for future civilian life and its therapeutic effect consists of improvement of the morale Of the patients by giving them something to do diirihg convalescence—reghlar Work with reasonable futui’e prospects. instruction has been given in knitting, shoemaking, soapmaking, sulfur and plastgr of pafis, bamboo work, umbrella niakih!^, carpentry, printing and nickel plating. Courses vary from three months to over a year-^according to ' the difficulty of the task. Kniltirig' ahd sOhphiaking' are am'Ohg thb most quickly leal'hed course.s; shoe-; making and tailoring amohg the largest. Nursing Is New Nursing is a young profession in China. The first group of modern. nur.sing .schools Were ostahlishcii in the beginning of this century. Since the I beginning, the shortage of nurses has always been felt as the training of nurses could not keep pace with the demand owing to the rapid development of modern medicine. The nursing ' program for 1942-45 consists of three parts, namely: 1' 1. To establish three now schools of nursing in cooperation with fiiree state hospitals under the National Health Administration. 2. To strength ahd expand certain existing nursing schools of good standing, and 3. To'oft’ei' fellowships to graduate nurses for further stduies in China for a period of three years.
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
She's a Red Headed Bomber in a Plane Plant!
tfieBmeaX AmShjiridmHit!
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
BtPCfiLIC rlCTORIP — and — SYDNEY TOLER ARLENE WHELAN _IN — Casl'Je in the Desert "PERILS OF NYAKA" Chapter No. 10 Also "LATEST PAtHE NEWS"
WARNER BROS.’ TRIUMPH „ I JACK CARSON • GEORGE TOBIAS
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:15 HAm HAPPY mm Gay and garruioiiF "Gildy" in his own sparkling smile show direct^ fromrodio.
-what a panic when a man-chasing spinster sets her cap for pompous “Throcky'
■ "Oh,Leroy!’'
R ;'K'0 I
LUMA TODAY anJ TOMORROW ASK-GUNSERENADE!
with \ ROY ^ ROGERS j&abby'MIayes SECOND HIT E. PHILtlwliSSvMoslw^^ of Thrills)
Ralph Bellainy {relyn Afikers Kaaren Verne Edward Norris
TODAY and TOMORROW
GIGANTIC DOUBLE HORROR SHOW
with LON PHANEY DICK FORAN ELYSE
CAN y6u taRe It?
[IGIIT
Ralpli Mor^iir Irene HAryAjl Bela Ltigovi; Niii Asther Uenel AtwBI
FOR THRILLS! FOR ACTION! IT'S THE PICTURE OF THE YJE;AR!
last -TltAES
TOOA'^
ittlSORCH. -ST^CTLT IN the groo^
sm4mw
will,
; WAITER
STARTS
TOMORROW
A.'-
r
'w fI'iIs }
P,H4f$yi Jsinuury 2% 1^4S
BoU^rmuUer Sports
-X ^
mt
Netters. Grappters, Runners See Action Saturday
DR PAUL A^RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD | RI«K — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main Sts Phohc 5701
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
I I'
ADD To The Enjoyment Of Her VISIT
Make Reservations
at the
UNION CLUB She will like the convenience of the location, the room and its furnish-
I,)
ings, and staying in the Center of Activities. Every room with bath, telephone and complete service. JhjL (pUJlduUL WsumfiiaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the C enter of Activities
Set Guns For Hoosiers — —_ /. U/s Winning Streak
► Ehlers Still Out Whh Cold Missihg iioiti ba‘-ketball dull last night foi the second straight evening was Eddie Ehlcis who is recoveiing liom a heavy cold The high scdnng guaid will piobably be able to play Satuiday but will undoubted ly be slowed dowh because of this layoff In the event that Ehleis can not plgy, Duffy Fiiend, oiiginally a guaid will be moved back to team With Ldwson Biowei then will piobably take ovei Duffs post It sfeettiS that Lambeit can no soonei cleai up one pioblem until he has an other one staring him in the face Poi a long while his foiward posi tions weie his chief woiiy Now foi the fiist time he has guard
worries
Riley l^irsl- To Leave Way last sp^ng the forward problem got a big stait when Hoisey Riley, cO-eaptam elect enlisted in the An Corps Befoie the season had gotten Undei way this wintti How aid Hoffman only remaining senioi on the team went into the ainiy Only letently as you undoubtedly know, Red Anderson began training as an aviation cadet in the Navy Then Bill Keithival, outstanding sophomore foiwaid who teamed with Andeison for a while was declaicd ineligible ► Now Has Two Of The BestAny othei coach would have tossed in the towel long ago undei similai circumstances Howcvei, that isn t the way Laml^t does things He piomptly went to work with what he had, and fiom the way Friend and Biggs performed Monday night it looks like he now has two of the finest loiovards in the Confeience ^ Freshman Ruling To Be Discussed Tomoirow afternoon the big guns oi the Western Confeience will meet once again to discuss the freshman eligibility ruling At the present time it IS quite apparent that seveial Big Ten coaches among them Doug Mills of Illinois aie in favoi of the fiist yeai men playing on varsity teams If freshmen were made eligible for ValBity cempetition the sched ulect tournament betWeen Illinois, Noi thwestern, Indiana and the Boiler makers on rebruaiy 13 would lutomatically be cancelled 9^ Hamilton's Average Best Here is a little taste of what the Boileimakers will be up against to ihotroiy Ralph Hamilton regular Hoosiei foiovaid, has scored 38 times from the field out of 89 shots taken for a league leading average oi 427 Logan, the other foiward, has tiken "Sb Shots and connected on 20 for an average of ^64—fifth high in the confeience lhat meins that when these two fellows t ikc 10 shots fioin the field four aie going in
Fresh from their 56-38 triumph over the Buckeyes, Ptggy Lambert’s netmen will set full sail for Bloomington and tKeih coming tilt with the Cream and Crimson Although the announcement has not been made, it is probable that the ilame combination that mopped the floor with Ohio will start for the Rnseteis Duffy Friend, Max Biggs, A1 iSfenke, Ed Ehlers and Rudy Lawson aTe the men
who played the major portion
of the tilt Monday night Coach Branch McCracken’s
Fight’n Hoosiers are just about the hottest thing on conference hardwood at this writing They now top the confeience With five Wins against no losses The Illihi Whiz Kids’ follow closely be
Duffy Friend
A1 Menke
Ed Ehleis
These three Rivetei net stais will be out to continue the pace they set against the Buckejes Mondav night Duffy Friend’s sharp shooting netted him eight field goals in the first halt of the Ohio tilt to place the Boiler makers far in the lead A1 Menke followed close behind in the scoring while Ed Ehlers set up several plays With his superb passing Boilermaker Wrestlers League
Meet NU Tomorrow Tomorrow the Rivetei wiestlmg squad tiavels to Chicago to meet the Northwestern giapphng team in what will be the second meet ot the season foi both aggregations Last Saturday the Boilermakeis journeyed to Bloomington to meet the Cl earn and Crimson squad of Indiana, the results being not exactly favorable foi the Reeck-coachqd squad At the same
time the Northwestern squad met the University of Illinois and came out on the little end ol the scoie there That means both teams will meet tomor low with piactically the same qu ilific itions L ist season Illinois w IS the onli squid to win ovei
( 0 ich Rtock s team
Ihis se ison the Willcit squid is consulei ibly bcttei thin usu il Ihty hive i wealth ol cxpoiicncod inateiial ii ill ot the highei weight biacicts nimcly i lad n lined 1 ij in the heavyweight division moth ei Ivy in the 165 pound elass Wog awowsl 1 it 175 pounds ind Ncttei chot 111 the 128 pound divisu n Beat Em 1 w icc I ast Season The Riieters w illoped the Noith wtslein squ ul twiec list scasi n once heic ind once Lhcie but he outcome ot the contest tomoiiow ib
Gosli! Did He Say I Have^ HEMITIS?
I'Dnforgivable Malady of blip Siiowiojc
SNIPAT SUPS
Tasy remedy for Hemitis* shorten Suzette Snip It Slips to your height with scissors* Just snip along any of the non ravel scalloped hems— anti whack off the part that shows' Dressmaker bodice— no iide skirt* 19 lovely
colors 32 to lo
as halzy as next yeai s pennant win nei s It won t be i walkaway foi
eithei team
As foi the Riveteis Coach Reeck has been whipping his squad into tip top sh ipc with vigoious woikouts ill this week The bqi id in geneial will be well pic piled to meet the W Idc it binch this Satuiday The jnobable lineup foi the Black and Gold squ d will be a little diffeient thin the Lein th it went igiinst Indi 111 i 11st S liuid ly BaM\t-,ian lo bet \ttioii In the hGiv\wci,^it division Dick Bu^e^iin will piobibly get the nod Doc I viston \aisity 175 1 ouiulei b out with an iiijuiy so ■Vclmu Dims It 5 p lundei will |umi) 11 11 1 eliss ind Ro,^ei Cl isc m in will t d c ovei the duties m the 16) d M 101 Jim Pi toie vaisity lo5 poundci will tile ovei in the 155 pon id cla s ’Iho tu ils toi the 145 division will be held this eve ning between Neltcisheim and
Gcoi^g btoiulcl
Mill M itovma 1 6 pound Big Ten eh 1111)1 is b itl in tights igiin lit 1 his lecent fl n^ in the hi pital with i stiep thioit ind will piob ibl^ sec iction in th division Bob *^1 itt 1^8 poundei h s been im 1 1 )\ g cons del iblv tlm list weel md w ill no doubt be called upon to i iin ilminislti the duties in the
128 pound division
lie 121 pound el iss still i cm iins is i he id iihe to Coich Reecl Ihe 110 sibilitics lie between Veinon Singleton i ntwcomei ind Sow
a (lb
Oiiginally the Boilci m ikeis weic chcdulod to meet the bpaitan squ id tiom Michig in State this S it ludij heie but diffeient iiiinge ments weie in oidei ind the Riv cteis will meet the Sputans some tunc in the veij neii lutiue
Diamond Clubs Forced North Though still in the gup of wintei the appi caching baseball season alieady sends diamond dust into the eyes of the nation s spoits fans As with all othei spoits the vvai has had 1 tiemenclous effect on the majoi league setup foi the coming season Visitois to the Rivetei Fieldhousc will have then fiist op poitunity to glimpse one of the headiline teams in action
Indians Heie
The Cleveland Indians will biave the wintiy bl ists ot Latayette foi then eaily spimg woikouts All the tcims lie being foiced to select noithein localities foi the opening woikouts because of the incieasing
Boilermakers Meet Indiana Trackmen Here Tomorrow Coach Heim Phillips’ lunneis led
by Co captains Alj Jentsch and Bill bind with a clean slate of four vicBanckei will liunch the indooi and toi les and no defeats UnfortunateBig Ten tiack campaign tomoiiow ly the schedule does not call for ifteinoon when Indiana Univeisitv these fives to meet duiing the seainvades the Fieldhouse son It is possible fhat the confer Jentsch an outstanding stai last ence crown may become a bone of se ison in the distance events will contention at the end of the season, again lun the mile and half mile it both squads maintain their per 111 tomoiiow s meet In the lecent iect lecoids Pieshman Vaisity meet Jentsch The Hoosiers ciacked the confer lan the mile in 4 38 and he coveied ence scoring lecoid Satuiday night the hilt mile distance m 2 08 which when they turned it on full foice IS quite good time foi eaily season against the Hawkeyes Amassing'a limning total of 71 points to the Hawks’ 55, Banckei In Dashes they shattered the record of 69 preBill Banckei will be the leading viously shaied by the Boilermakers Boileiniakei contendei in the and several other conference teaijis dishes and he will again lun when Highlight of this scoiing spree wgs he teams with Geoige Aichei the peifoimance of Ralph Hamilton W lynePiice ind Peaison in the mile Ciimson forwaid from Poit Wayne 1 elav Togethei with Banckei m the Hamilton poured through 13 field dashes will be Bob Livin^house and goals and five fiee throws for a to Peaison Livinghouse has pioved tal of 31 points befoie he was taken himself an all aiound tiackman by out of the game by Coach Me
winning the last two decathlons
that the team has held
In the hindle events Livinghouse
Ciacken Hamilton Just Misses Record
,1 u 11 j i. No one thought at the time how will again be called upon to caiiy , rr , ^ , T-r I „ close Hamilton was to the indmdnal
scoring record of 34 pinnts held by Bill Hapac foimerly of Illinois lift Ciacken stated latei that had l\e known this he would have lefj; the lanky sharpshootei in the game Joi the lemaming minutes of play Olhei I U staib include Dick Witten brakei John Logan and Captain Irv Swanson Riveter fans will remenibei Swanson’s heait breaking
a niajoi pait oi the attack He'will get his chiet assistance in these events fiom Compton and Baines
Cl OSS Country Runners
The same men who lun the mile lelay will piobably take ovei m the 440 yaids George Aichei won the event in the Pieshman meet in 55 seconds Jentsch leceives suppoit in the mile event fiom thiee cioss
count!y lunneis Fied Kindei Ed , , ^ , , „ , . Sewaid and Kenny Lynch Seward “‘^g^hots that eventually proved W
and Lynch followed Jentsch acioss the line in that oidei in the lecent intrasquad meet Young and Jentsch aie the only
ti uibpoitition difficulties Spoit hkely men to be sent into the 880
tans ol Lafayette and the Univei faitv will have a chance to glimpbe buch hcadlineib ib Lou Boudieau A1 Smith Les Pleining Ray Mack Ken Keltnei Roy Weatheilj and
Jett Heath
Six othei teims have chosen the pi iins of Indiana toi then opening woil oiitb Both Chicigo teams will ti un at Flench Lick the Pittsbuigh Piiates will hold foith at Muncie Evni svillc lb to be hobt to the De tioP ii cib ml the Cincinniti Rcdb will ti am it Bloomington
St 11 s In Sei V ice
Ihe tc lib w 11 take the held with 111 my new t iceb m the liiieupb toi the limed ioices have cliimed some ol the ^icitebt staib ot the present d ij led Williuns ib now in the Co 1st Guaid Joe DiMiggio is en list n^ Pete Reisei has ,^onc to the 411111 ind many othci stub idoin
the 1 inkb ot the beivice
Ihc 1913 bcason will imdoubtedli see m mv old licos climb 1 ick into the headlincb Bill plivois biich as Pa il Wa ei Johnnj Coonei and ^Puil Dciun,,ei who ippeued washed up it the end ot last seaso i V ill undoubtedlj piove valuable to
then new icainmitcb
1 hough much lemaiiis in doubt the se ibon ol 1913 w ill ceit iinly not be devoid ot coloi This time the coloi will be fuinishcd bi the ^i ij
beaids ol the game
yud event The two mile event will be taken ovei entiiely by the cioss countiy team as Chuck Dueslei captain of th it squad leads several ot his colleagues thiough the six teen lap grind Togetliei with Dues
be the Boilermakers undoing last yeai when the Ciimson eked out a
40 39 tiiumph
With the Hoosieis holding a 12game winning streak, the tune will be iipe for one of those upset Tietoiies ioi which Piggy’s teaips haVe long been feared The last Riyettr victory ovei the Crimson camte ekrty in the 1940 41 confeience season At the Boilei maker Fieldhouse Laier
lei will be Sewaid Lynch Michaels m the season the boys from Bloom-
and Haiiei Dueslei recently ran the distance in 10 23 with Ed Sew aid light on his heels as he bioke
the tape
In the shot put the Rivetei s have Ed Calhoun i letteiman fiom last seison and bophomoie Chuck Close Thev iie suppoited bj Suciu 1 newcoinei Jack Giimni and New
ington turned the tables oh their aich rivals by swamping the RiV eteis in a letuin contest Last year’s 40 39 defeat was the only meebtlg between the schools foi the season
Other Tilts On Deck
Before leturning to then home stamping grounds the BoileimakOts will tangle with Great Lakes and
m m who have been vuiUing aiound Noithwestein in Chicago s Stadium,
twelve leet will piobiblj meet the Indiana vaulteis Livinghouse ind Band ei will letiun to action along with Blown in the bioad jump Hoosieis btiong ( Because of the tine lecoid the Indiina cioss countiy team ic cuinulatecl list tall the Hoosieis aie expected to be exceptionallj stion^ in the distince with Labotk i and Judge doing the iunnin„ Lon., mcl Laiij Pilwcll have been le coiding some good times m the dashes accoiding to lepoits tiom Bloomington Following the Indi ina meet the ti icl men will hive i two week lay off bctoie they lace W isconsm Min nesota Noithwestein ind Chicago inChicigo onleliuuj Id
*Ret; U V i tOJf
.'W
.i’5
Keep Ypur Appearance Up Without Letting Your Country Down! (rown cleaning will nol only improve yoiir Personal Appearance, but will preser\ e the fabric, too. \ oil serve when yon conserve. Clean clothes last longer. Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING
and Febiuaiy 15 and 16 will sde them tangle with Michigan’s Wblveimes in another double feature
engagement
Again the Boilei makers will sfeOk 1 evenge w hen they tie into the Gr6at Likes Blue Jackets for the Seeolid time dining the season The sailots pievioiish timimed the Riveters 48 to 43 list Januaiy 4 The saildrs boast a gioup ot sharpshooters who fig me to best any team they cottit up i^ainst when they’re in the mood Coach Hinkle however, has cncounteied difficulty m arousing the enthusiasm ot his potentially gieit mateiiil For this reason they have been be iten sever il times hy underdog teams Teniporaiilv torgettmg the hard lord that lies ahead the Boilertfikkeis will go all out foi victory igainst the Ciimson Saturday This indent iivahy should piodaOe tha most ton id tilt of the week Otrll Coach Lambert will undoubtiedly have seveial suipuses up hri»sleete toi the I U netmen and McCracken has ntvei been known to tail io suipiisL his opponents It the Boilei maktis continue the toi lid pice set against the c>es McCiackens boys Will fiijid thuiiselvts in ioi i tough night jBy conti oiling the lebouiids as theyxltd Mond \y Captain A1 Menke and Rudy Liwson may well prove to he the ill iigm ot victory, and rf “BaR hawk Biggs mil “Fhppein” FnEfnd continue then superb play, victory will indeed be a lealitj for the RrV-
etci
Hoof And Horn chose the iollowmg offlem At its last montlily nieetmg’ White president, Gisant vice president, Jim McCormrckt letuy and F D Johnson, treka*Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday, January 29, 1943
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson Russian tioops continue to mo\o ahead against the despeiate Germans, and well it might be said that this is the Man ot Steel’s answei to the talks of Roosevelt and Churchill and to the plans lor peace in 1943 If the Russians aie able to cut off the retreat of the Geinians in the south Caucasus legion and to continue at then piesent — — ■■ ■
late of speed until the\ ha\e cut off the Ciimea, they ^^lll ha\ e added ovei half a million more Nazis to then giant pile that was gained at Sahngiad How long can the Germans continue to cufFer such losses is the question
A great deal of ciedit should go their part in the Roosevelt Chuichto the newsmen of the nation foi ill meeting The newsmen even though they kneW' that the Piesi dent vas out of the countiy and though they did not know wheie he had gone continued to so about their meiiy life in ‘Washington as though he weie still holding his i-egulai pi ess meetings The fact that they were able to keep quiet when they lealized that something momentous was faking place should speak w-ell for an organization that IS used to publishing an\ and all
new s
Conditions haye i cached i sad state in fai off Tunisia The cause foi such conditions is the Geimaii tank diyisions who lefuse to come out and fight the Ameiican tanks in a pitched battle ‘What aic the \azis thinking about'' They were o offensiyely minded in then at tacks against the helpless Belgiums Dutch, French and Poles, and yet when to comes to meeting the tank foices of an equal they diaw back Personnel Notes Companies Seheauled to "Visit Campus Ingersoll Rand Co New loik City — Febiuary 1 Interested in Apiil and August ME EE Sign in Personnel Office by Satin day noon, January 30 Curtiss Wright Corporation Pas saic New Jeisey—Febiuaie 4 and 5 Interested in all engmeeis
i S Steel Coiporation of Dela waie, Pittsbuigh Penns^hania — Intelested in men who hive ina joied in accounting auditin,. oi statistics Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satuiday noon Januaiy 30 Soconj Vacuum Oil Co Inc De ‘loit, Mich —Interested in Giaduate chemists (male and female) Sign in Peisonnel Office bv Satindav January 30 Wright Iield Signal Coips, Day ton Signal Depot Meteoiolooical Division—Intel estod in men oi women who have specialized in physics and electiicity Foi luidhei information, inquiie at the Pei son nei Office bv Satuiday^Januaiy 30 York Ice Machinery Corporation Yoik Pa—Interested in ME ChE, PSE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wedne=day Febiuary 3 U S Civil Service Commission ■Washington D C —Senioi students with majoi study in any field may now become qualified foi positions as Junioi Engineei Foi fuithei in loimation inquiie at the Pei son nel Office at once American Can Companv May wood 111—Inteiested in chemists metallui gists and chemical engi
neeis
Ken Rad Tube & Lamp Corpora tion, Owensboio Kentucky—Intel ested in men oi women who have tiaining in physics oi electiical en gineeimg
The Peisonnel Office has infoima tion concerning scholai ships and fellowships at the following insti
tutions
The James F Lincoln Arc Weld ing Foundation Cleveland Ohio— scholaiship foi engineeiing undei graduates The New York School of Social Work, Columbia Univeisity New Yoik—fellowship foi foieign stu dentsj, also woik study fellowship for giaduate students Cornell Lnivcrsity Ithaca New Yoik—leseaich assistantships foi men oi women with science dcgiecs National Sand and Gravel Asso Ciation Research Foundation Uni versity of Maiylaid College Paik Md—fellowship foi seniois giad nates 01 staff California Institute of Itch nology, Pasadena Cahloinia—Fcl lowships scholai ships and issist antships m cngmccimg biology chemist] y geology mathematics meteoiology md physics Any student oi stall mcmbei in tciested in det ills should come to the Peisonnel Oflice it once
A If pii cent mil ease in engi rlttnng students and a simil^i dc trtasc in libiial aits students it i ifayt(tc college isiciioitcd ly Di William M Smith legistiai
Civil Service Needs hAore War Workers Because of the uigent need foi economists and statisticians foi civilian wai seivice in the Fedeial Government leciuiting is being in tensified foi these positions on a nition wide basis the Civil Seivice Commission has announced The gicatest need is in the fields of tianspoitation 1 iboi comiiiodi ties ind industiial studies Othei impoitaiit fields aie economists mail eting intei n itional tiade money and banking and holism^ Expel lence in dealing with cco nomic and st itistical pioblems aiis mg fioin 1 eoccupatioii of aitas once held by the enemy the sale of U S secuiities expoits and iiiipoits in connection with the wai economic piogiam etc will also be utilized and con plete infoimation may be obtained at fiist and sec'^nd class post offices fiom Civil Seivice Region il Offices and fiom the U S Civil Seivice Commission it Wish ingtoii D C Positions will be lo cated thioiuhoiit the United States and i lew will be filled abioad Minimum lequiiements hive been loweied to five yeais of col le^e 01 umveisity education oi ex peiience in economics oi statistics 01 a combination of the two and with salaiies langin^ fiom '}i2 600 to ?6 500 foi the moie cxpeit in then field Theie aic no age limits md no w i itten examinations w ill be given Applications uc not desiiod fiom pel sons aheady using thoi highest skills in wai woil Hills And Dales Scene Of Epic Whisker Frisk By Margaret Bavnes ■Vlustache chasing ficshmen i id fieshmer dodgin^, seiiois dec ii fled sed i e Hills and Dales list fi iisdiy cveni 1-, b\ caiiiiiig the epic fmht into these legioiis Fveii Happy Hollow has nevei seen i bat'^ie of such dimensions I he fust alaim that the Hills wcie bein^ invuied ciine when one lone scnioi specimen whipjied by in the bimbt moonlmht it 1 i ni Oiusued by twenty mustache tliiisty lieshnien 1 he scmoi w th PE 12 flesh in mind skillfully clciiod snow hauls an 1 ,,iibi,,e cans md easily leajicd oiei tiecs thus elud ihg the fieshmen And hen mothei senioi ij jieaied—and a lothei—and inothci ill ti ailed by moie ficshmen blood hounds 11 til the hills m 1 d lies wcic filled entiiely yyith diil stimpcdin fi iiics ■VV ndows flew up as Hills an 1 Daleans jiolcd out ilai mod night capped heads to shout Mheies the iccident md M hy aie you all sitinv on tint o c pooi mm is he i bin gl u ' Gnat heids of do„s toic noisily iltei the innni ^ figuies—buliin yc'pnif, md ulding to the con fusioi I veil as snow diilts became piled with scilpel mnstiches the fi;-,ht went on (oineiel senioi s toi even the best of PI I'ns et come cd a„ unst such oihls wem heaid yell in„ Acl le wad le ad le wackie CMdently some hoi tened foi m foi
He p
Time louis 1 itoi one despoiate scnioi still ictuncl imistiche md the jiacl of 1 ity i i/oi minded ficshmen md tne scnioi weie list seen headeti loi Chici o Saul one d the deiected de mistachcl senioi s on Ic ivin^ Hills and I) lies Well at leist Clail G il Ic lost his mustache too
JhSL
QhwidfUibL, West Lafayette Baptist Church f oriiei of Chauncey and Columbia Rev 1 B Gleason, Minister and I'astor of Students 9 50—Rogei Williams Founda tion class houi C K G mong will teach the class 10 15—Chuich Scivice Seinion by the pistol Ihe yubiect Great People Foi give ’ The choii will be dnected by Ivah Giuvei Piicc Oi „anist Aithui Jacklin a 30—Rogci Williams I ounda tion social houi md suppei 6 30—Foi um Horn Rev J M Holton D D executive secictaiy ot the Indiana Baptist convention will speak on the subject ‘Victoii ous Living Milfoid Cheney will have chaige of the vespei peiiod 7 30—All aie invited to the pai sonage foi home houi All students and sailois aic invited to these sen
97 Hours Work 'Campus Variefies' Prepares Road Will Return To W6AA School Dinner^ Tomorrow Afternoon
Notices
University Presbyteiian Chuich
Noith Stieet Neai Grant John M Findley Mimstei AV m Morgan C lion Directoi W m Fawcett Organist
9 30—Sunday School Di II Gl ivcs class will continue its study of the life of Chiisl by discussing
the eleventh chaptei of Mail
10 30—Moiniiig Woiship Mi Findleys scimon will be on Get ting Oui Be u mgs The chon will sing Sanctus by Chulcs Gounod Vision by Rheinbeigei Pocipc by Fibich md Postludc in A 1 y Fdulkc will be the oi ^ m numoeis 6 00—Siiiid v Evening Club Iio Icssoi Pobcit Phillips of the dep i t ment of goveinmcnt will speal to the gioiip following the uppci
I’urdiie Chiistian Inundation Satuid ly ilteinoon ] vO—B i 1 etball game Meet in the men gym All who tuin out will get i ch nice to pi ly Siindiy mo ning—In the I if ly etlc Chuich building “^ixth and Noith Sts 9 30—Student Cl is M unta n ing Civil Libeities in limes of Cl ISIS IS the subject findci the gen ei il t tic Heal the \A oiinds of ^he Woild Those desiiiiig spcciil study of the New Test imcnt should sit on the imbt hind si le of the lisle 10 4)—Chuich AAoiship Seivice The Rev Doyli Mullen will pieuh the cimon Afiili ito men bci ships iLCi vul immcd atcly follow n^ the scimon Communion scivicc cli 1 i\ i! 1 clcses the w i h 1 seiv
ice
Sinliy evening it 1 1 S Gi mt 5 13 lac ippci PI ISC 111 vo on time ''ill c ic civ itions at Stu cicr t Cli s Cl tell pi one F’O ly 1 ) la— Eoiu 1 In 111 lin >• sup in^ KCie ton di c i-,Sio i ind woiship Chi t 111 El tl md De nociacy is the subjcv-t of discussion is the ec ond 11 i sent it th c Close pumiitly t 7 0 Games, Dancing Will Brighten Gym Tonight Mixed leciealion will be held in the Womens Gym this evoniim liom 7 to 10 Fveiyone is inviied to ittend whcthei i d itc is ivailihlo 01 not Pai ticip ition in volley ball 1 islctbil! intm jeiK shufFleboiid 1 id badminton is open to ill How ( vci tho c planning to ] 1 ly the aloicnientioiK d gnus should bung gym shoes to pi event d im i^o to tho play 11 g flooi Swimmin,^ will he in oi lei fiom S to 9 sociil (lane iv will be hell fiom 9 to 10 All poisons dcsiiiii to mix tun and hcillhfil cxciciso no uiged to ittend
Wednesday night theie was a banquet in the Union foi the Road School Convention The menu was IS follows hi nit cup, Swiss steak ail giatin potatoes, lima beans and com tomato and head lettuce salad, lolls an 1 buttei pumpkin pie and coffee lo many people it was just anothei b mquet but few people loalize the woik that is involved in pioducing any banquet Miss Nugent who has chaige of the cifeteiia and specittl dinneis legalded the banquet as an eveiy (Hy aftaii It is inteiesting to note how ovei the amount of laboi that lb lequiied to feed 400 oi moie people Moie than 200 horns weie spent by Miss Nugent s staff in giv mg this one banquet Piepaiing the fbod lequiies the most time—91 houis Setting up the table is com paitivcly simple and takes only 15 houis Seiving was only 02 horns counting 2 houis foi each waitei Cleaning up would be simple if cveiyone did his own dishes how evei since that idea is ahead of oui time w iiteis had to spend 30 houis washiiit, dishes lemoving canvisos md shoviiv tables 'Gun Cloth' Exposes Unknowing Coed Ileies one foi the books Miss Link textile teachoi in the Homo 1 conoiiics dcpiitment W is one of the many ^iicsts ittendin faculty dinnei t the Women s Residence Halls lucshy ni„ht Dui the couise of the meal then t iblc con veisition happened onto the sub ject of ^1111 doth Miss Link vciy willin,,!/ pioceedcd to enlighten the „ ils IS to just whit ^in cloth
VV IS
Vftci finishing hci cxplanitim one fieshmm in a veiy ulmiiing inceie voice slid My you sin el know a lot ibout tcxti'e you must bo student in the clothin^ optioi Placement Notes For Women C \ il Seiv e his announce 1 hat scmoi students w ilh m ijoi stid/ ni uiy field m ly now Icc ic qu il i 1 0 positions IS Junioi En^^mai p lying ?2 000 lyeu pin ovcilimc Women i c p uticul ily ii^cd to sc luc the necessuy houis ol ic quued study foi these positions Tl c Commi sion has extended tne TkIcI to pci sons studying diafting in college in my field such as com mciciil it ud Intel 101 decoi itin,, lo 1 ecf Ecici il clem mds foi cngi ncciing di ittsmen Olhci exmiinations low open aie foi iccounting and uiditing assist lilts cconon ists economic analysts 1 affic nd tl inspoi t ition speci il 1 ts md stitiitici Ills Any womm student 11 tcicstid should inqiiiic at the Pliccmtnf Seivice foi Women Ol phone 29j5
WBAA will bung Campus Vane ties back to the airwaves tomoiiow afternoon at 4 p m fiom the large audience studio in the Hall of Mu sic The student body and general public aie invited to attend the broadcasts The show is .to featiuc comedy, music vocals diama and geneial idiosyncracies pcculiai to vaiiety piograms ot this natuie Duiing the half houi Mainy Mahn and spe cialty acts will be piesented Included in the cast is Ait Woods, Ed Eiicson Caiolyn Wood, Becky Ann Pei vine Justin Meaehim, Bu fold Tillable, Ed Giuis Beit Squiei, Geoigc Zissis Cl IS Shenkel Stan Baei Elune Kali and Tom Me
Cium
Chaiactci paits such as Piofes SOI T P Butts Piofessoi Jeeter, md Ole OHfson will be legulai fea tines of these bioadcasts which will bo weekly piesentitions of WBAA A pseudo chamatic gioup the ‘ Pui due Peep Show playeis will stage one of then own pioductions The piogiam IS diiccted by Stewaif
Wolfe
University To Form Plans For Rifle Team Thcic V ill bo a callouL tomoiiow if 2 p m in loom lOo of the Eield house for ill students inteic^tcd in ion ling i Umveisity i fie fc im oi in bccomii ^ i mge ofli ns 1 ho Dtp'll Line t of Physical Ldu c itu 11 h IS loccivcd ch illc iges from the Big 1 en md othci schools foi illc m itches The potenti ihties of i nfle toim at this Umveisity aie CO ill to those oi my ofhei school Thcicfoit Ul th ) t who i o <ju il tied f 1 m itch competition ne 111; c 1 o ttend tins meeting I hose shooteis who le iin ible lO lUcr the cillout tomoiiow m ly obtiin mtonntion by c ilhng Knob b\ W il h c t '"225 ASi StudeBiSs MI uticlcs lost last semcstei on the Campus must be claimed bcfoie Icbiuary 1 in the new Student Senate OOite room 386 of the Union Buy War Bonds
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
No Notices will be accepted for thi« column after 6 p m on the day precedmfir the issue Cnerhsh and Speech Exams Make up exams for students with conditions in English and Speech wflj be held on Saturday afternoon Jan JO at 1 o clock in Room 201 Umveisity Hall Removal of condition Cards should be obtained by Friday preceding the examma tion fiom the English office 108 University Hall —CREEK Students Who would hko part time i\ork should Lt-t m touch with tho Dean of Men s Office -GOLDSMITH Interfraternity Presidents Council Mem bers may get their council keys at the Fia ternity Alt urs Office MORGAN ME 11 65 nnd 66 Make ip examinations Satuiday January 30 at 1 p m loom Ml JOl -AUIT Skull and Crescent Members Call Bob Conlee at SAE fraternity about your tickets to Cotillioi It lb important, CONLEE Conditions Ecaminations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in History iconomicb and Government will be held on Saturday Fcbriary 6 at 1 p m in room 313 Recitation Bu Iding Application must be made at tl e Hi toiy office not later than Iiiiaj February o —LSTLY Lost and Found All lost and found ar tides in the Senate office not claimed by Vebiimj 1 \m11 be sold MOYNHAN Alpha Phi Omega Hallelujah I Keys have ainved See Bender 254W Cary Hall
—KUGK
Lxpononl Workers There will be a meet inj., of the f 11 w u \ pIc at 4 15 p m hnday Jan 29 in the tditori il olfic W 1 low Spetk Sommer Foi I Yarar
TYSON
Gold I eppers I her w Fi 11 i J n J It 1 p m
Plnyshop Ushers All those interested m ushcrint, for the nox^- Playshop production* Ihe iWe of St Mark please call Fowler Hall 4269 and leave name Ciynmittee meeting called latci “■ DUKE Exponent Workers Ihoie will be an impel tant meeting for the following workers on my beat in the office today at 4 p m Lynch Spandet Richardson Halm ror
sythe Baynes Craig Abbett
son Be i)ronipl RICHARDSON Lutheran Students Don t forget our de votional meeting this Sunday evening Jan 31 at 7 30 n room 307 of the Union
—WALLACE
Scabhard and Blade Meeting Wednraday Feb 3 7 30 P m in romo 363 of the
Union 1 Icttion of pledges
—HECKARD
AWS AWS executive board meeting on Thursduy I tb I ot 6 p m at Uic AWS olT.ee _ -ROBLEE Kappa Psi Meeting Wednesday Feb 3, at 7 10 I ni in loom 213 ot the Unioji _
—THOMS
Found A wrist watch in front of tho Kai pu house Owner please call '*801 and isl for Ul Blank —BIANK Gimlet Pledges and Actives Meeting Tuesda\ Feb 2 at 1 hi P i hoi so at 7 p m
—-MENKE
Gimlet Pledges and Actives Call Schwab at Sigma N house hy Fiiday Jan 29 8 1 m if VO e ant pad transpoitation to I U ^ —MENKE Skull &. Crescent B mquet will be held at ( 30 r m m Union
11 11 a meet ng 11 room SO MacDONAI D
CF 41 /n cxaminitoi for th removal f nil ns 11 d me mpl t s n C1 11 w II L held 1 10 m I D JI avilun H 11 1 JO to T SO p ni Sati r hy I cl 6 Icrmission to til tl c CXI m i u mu t be I la n I f n 11 111 I lH.f i L 1 cT 1 GRL\ r
Till Omeg i fi iteinity li'is spoil solid 1 W ilk i Dale pi in at Sint'i Biibui State college to conseive tiics and include nioie students in the soei il e ilend ii Unive sit> oi Minnesota will isk the stite legi lituie lit in ineie sc ot $157 000 111 1 s uinu li m iinte 11 inec appiojiii iLion
Classified Ads Money to Joan on diamonds watches luggag typcwritcrb Albert a Loan Office, 10'7 Columbia Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes s U r nted r paired in 1 purchased Mimeogn 1 h w ik lone C J Ibcibhoff GOa Mam, 1 af yetU 11 oi e 27'’J lost—Sol Urj Tfl ry h mond engagem nt 1 u fhoi 8iJ) Liberd reward Wanlcd—St 1 nt it icstel in peddling tl Exponent C 11 Lxnmcnt 4005 Ahk lor Kr I 1. I st—r FTV p gsk n lov Saturday m Ch m tiy A in \ o Union Cafeteri i Rob t I i D 1 t of Ch m try S< u ish and Tennis restringing No awl t fit i J n r t Ubtd Don Dili S ^ lost—O ill I llfoj 1 Row ri N C ar ^
Ameriea^s besMoved NAll, DNAMKL... LIPSTICK...
60c
World famous for “stay on” quabty World famous for high fashion colors . . ‘ Mrs Miniver Rose,” for example That’s why our best customers swear by Revlon Nail Enamel and Lipstick Get your pet Revlon colors today Nail Enamel 60c . Lipstick, 60c, also $1 00 size
ISO
umess
PREVIEWED means that every single color of Kevlon Nail £namet IS pretested 160 times on busy fingertips, before it is bottled for you I
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
AIEE
\ ent on lekg ift s J Iv I dt III i d A I \1! til ol th( School )i Ikctiicil I iigineciing lit atfci ling the N itional All L f i\ nil I 111 Ntw Yoil C itj this w (d 1 i( s ji 1 atoii wh J 1 i II (.mb 1 i ihc ( mmittcc on Pio t(cfi\L Da\it( will icjioit on ( oi Kldtioii oi Sjsftin Voltages and S3sten (louiidin; Jnpidaiices Pi lit s I A 111 11 \ ill ilt( nd the s( s ‘-HI ( f tl II tit ill ol Itadn I 1 ; iiK < I wJ < h IS mt( ting i co jiiiK til I w th till AIJ J
V' I
V*
y