I
Puriue TSxaonent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1936
NUMBER 20
Hqnor ’ll Grid Squad At Banquet Tonight
25th Anniversary Will Be Celebrated At Annual Faculty^Alumni Banquet In Union
Members of Pufdue’s 1911 football team will be among the guests of honor at the annual faculty-alumni dinner which will launch the gala homecoming week-end festivities at the University tonight at 6:15 in the Memorial Union Building. Special copimemorative silver football figures, in celebration
of
Committee Appointed
E. W. Anderson Leads Cadet Officers Entertainment Group
Cadet Lt. Col. E. W. Anderson has been appointed chairman of the cadet officer’s entertainment committee with the approval of Lt. Col. Brewer, according to an announcement released yesterday. Other seniors named to the committee are: Cadet Lt. Cols. O. W. Buenting and P. G. Wray. The junior members named are: Cadet 1st Sgts. J. R. Murray and V. W. Antuschko, Cadet Sgts. V. Farrow, W. E. Perry, E, L. Kumpf, and R. D. Linville. They will meet today in the cadet officers’ room to discuss plans for the first cadet officers’ luncheon to be held at noon October 20. Members of the military committee, from the faculty, will be guests of the cadets at the luncheon. The name of the committee has been changed from the cadet officers’ luncheon committee to the cadet officers’ entertainment committee because it has charge of all officers’ entertainment including smokers and special entertainment.
Honor Roll Shows Increase^Of 288 Per Cent Since 1925
Membership on distinguished student list of the University increased 288 per cent the first semester of last year over the time that this recognition of scholastic achievement was inaugurated at Purdue in 1925, according to figures compiled by Dr. H. H. Remmers, head of the division of educational reference. In 1925, when there were 2,936 students enrolled, there were 103 students on the distinguished list. The first semester-of last year, when 4,329 underclassmen were eligible, 400 made an average sufficiently high to place them on the honor roll. Taking the enrollment of eleven years ago as 100 percent, since then there has been a gain of 47 per cent in total enrollment and the number of honor students jumped from 103 to 400, or 388 per cent. The 20 per cent gain in enrollment during the present semester is expected to increase the number on the honor roll to an appreciable extent.
PIA Will Organize Own Band; Meet Tonight
Following the custom of the past few years, the Purdue Independent Association will again have its own dance band. This orchestra is formed especially to furnish music for the association’s tea dances, which are held several afternoons during the year in the Union ballroom, and for all parties. John Day, last year’s manager, and Bob Stevens, who directed the band last year, Avill again lead the group. Tryouts will be held tonight in the tower room of the Union at 7 o’clock. Any independent students who are interested in this activity are invited to attend this meeting.
Wesley Foundation Holds Alumni Dinner Tomorrow
The ninth annual Wesley Foundation alumni dinner will be held at the Foundation House at 6 o’clock tomorrow evening, Horace Knote, of Indianapolis, the presidenjt of the association, will preside. There will be a homecoming party at the Foundation house at 8 o’clodE tonight. Games and refreshments will be on the program.
the twenty-fifth anniversary of the ’ll squad are to be presented to the five men who were seniors on the team by Noble E. Kizer, head football
coach. Honored
The five men who will receive the trophies are: M. V. Collen, Madison, Ohio; C. D. Dunwoody, Lafayette; G. H. Fletcher, Joliet,' 111.; D. H. Miles, Manistique, Mich.; and J. H. Miller, Memphis, Tenn. The other surviving members of the squad of 17 men who were awarded major letters at the conclusion of the season will also be specially honored. Another football touch will be provided at the dinner when Burr S. Swezey, president of the general Purdue Alumni Association, will formally present the “Purdue Freshman Football Trophy^” awarded annually to the yearling who shows the greatest improvement during spring drill, to Basil Petry, of Terre Haute, sophomore center. Wisconsin Alumni Wisconsin alumni in this vicinity will join with the Boilermaker alumni at the banquet. Guy Sundt, assistant athletic director, and Harry Thoma, assistant alumni secretary, will officially represent Wisconsin at the gathering, while other Wisconsin alumni among townspeople and staff members will be seated at a special table. J. W. Wheeler, C. E. ’16, is toastmaster of the banquet, which will be through in ample time for the alumni to join with the student body in a rousing pep session and bonfire at 8:45 o’clock, when Dan Hayne, of Marshall, Mo., cheerleader of 25 years ago, will j^n with the present yell leaders in directing the evening’s program.
Ag Meeting Ends Today Dr. Elliott Will Speak Qn Today’s Program
Information on regional agricultural adjustment studies, county agricultural planning, and land utilization by state and national specialists furnished the theme of the subject matter presented Wednesday and yesterday to Indiana’s agricultural extension workers, who were here at the University in their annual conference.
Today’s Program Today’s program, which will close the conference, will feature Bernard Joy and Dr. A. B. Graham, of the U. S. department of agriculture; Director H. C. Ramsower, of the Ohio agriculture extension service; and Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University. In explaining regional agricultural adjustment studies in Indiana, Lynn Robertson, of the farm management department at Purdue, pointed out that the objective for the study was to find out the logical use for various types of lands in all parts of the state rather than to find how to bring about this logical us-t age.
Choir Adds
53 Members
Orchesis Group Elects Officers
Orchesis, an organization for aesthetic dancing, held election of officers for the coming year at a business meeting held Wednesday night in the Women’s Gymnasium. Fay Pendergrass was chosen as president; Lucia Prentice, secre-tary-treasurer; Ruth Hadley, senior representative; and Helen Howard, junior representative.
PIA Co-eds See Latest Fashions Displayed
As a main feature of the last co-ed P. I. A. party, a style show, sponsoied by Loeb and Hene Co., was given in the Memorial Union Building last night. Bill Douglas furnished the music while the models displayed the latest fashions. Those who modeled were Dorothy Kuehn, June Lippert, Pay Pendergrass, June Richards and Mary Holtman.
Murphy, Stunt Pilot, At Airport Sunday
Mike Murphy, pilot from Kokomo, will give an exhibition of stunt fiying at the University airport Sunday afternoon beginning at 2 o’clock. The program includes inverted flying and sky writing in a special built taper wing Waco.
Hike Scheduled On Program Of WAA Open House Sunday
Women’s Atheltic Association will hold open house Sunday, October 11, from 3 to 5 o’clock for all students, faculty members, and alumni. At 3 o’clock Barbara Dobson, head of hiking, will conduct a group to the W. A. A. cabin. All those wishing to go should be ready to leave the Women’s Residence Hall at that time. Pauline Swidk is in charge of arrangements at the cabin.
The size of the University Choir has been increased from 72 to 125 “The students of Purdue and the citizens of Lafayette may expect to hear some unusual music this year,” Albert P. Stewart promised when he announced the enlargement of the choir, now one of the largest in the middle west. The choir loft in Fowler Hall will be enlarged in order to accomodate the increased number of singers.
Pep Session Tonight On Stuart Fiel(^ 8:45
Band To Play “Battle Cry” Written By Quivey, ’17
Purdue’s “All American Band” Avill present a new Purdue march for the first time at the homecoming game tomorrow. The march was written by O. K. Quivey, ’17, who has composed several songs. The new “Battle Cry” will be practiced at the pep session tonight and the entire student body is asked to cooperate in making the presentation of this new Purdue “Battle Cry” a big success at the game tomorrow.
PURDUE BATTLE CRY Words and music by O. K. Qnivey, Purdue ’17 (Band sings to stands from the field) Fight, Car-ry on with your old ma-jes-ty. Fight Black and Old Gold, vict'-ry yours will be Sons and daugh-ters cheer-ing Pur-due can not fail FHght, Car-ry on while le-gions hail, hail, hail. (Yell) Fight on Pur-due We’re all for you Fight—Pur-due Fight—Pur-due Fight— Rah Rah Rah (Stands sing in reply) Fight, Car-ry on with your old ma-jesty Fight, Black and Old Gold, vict’-ry yours will be. Symbol of those to come, we Hail thee our Al-ma Ma-ter Hail Pur-due Hail! HAIL! HAIL!
Flying Club Will . Hold Open Meeting
Co-ed Fall Rush Ends Last Night
Preference dinners, which are the final event before pledging services in fall sorority rushing, were held last night in the six sorority houses. Since there were no restrictions on decorations, the arrangements at all the houses were quite elaborate. Tradition has named most of the preference dinners. There was the Kappa Alpha Theta “Trip to ThetaLand,” the Alpha Chi Omega “Dream-Cake” dinner, the Chi Omega dinner “ ’Neath Cardinal and Straw,” while Pi Beta Phi, Alpha Xi Delta and Kappa Kappa Gamma gave “Rose” dinners. Pledging, which may be done any time after 7 o’clock tonight, ends another season of rush until midsemester.
Purdue Flying club will hold an open meeting Tuesday evening, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. This meeting will be open to all who are interested in flying. New members will be taken into the club at this meeting and the club membership will be increased to a maximum. Plans for the year include purchasing a ship for club use, sponsoring flying meet,s programs at the airport, and lectures by prominent airmen.
USP Employs Worker Here In Drug Research
Under the direction of Dean C. B. Jordan and Dr. H. G. DeKay, the board of trustees of the United States Pharmacopoeia is employing a full time analyst to work in the University school of pharmacy. Dr. Alice Hayden, who received her Ph. D. degree from the University with a major in pharmaceutical chemistry in June, 1932, has been employed for a year and will begin work within the next week. The committee of revision of the national formulary has established a fellowship in the school of pharmacy for work in drug extraction.
Playshop Presents ^ ^Ladies Of The Jury^^At Duncan Hall
By Jean Soehner Cary Vaughn cohvinced a large audience of students and townspeople that she was a clever and capable actress as well as she convinced a skeptical jury that Ruth Grimm, in the role of the accused woman, was innocent of murdering her husband. Miss Vaughn’s acting appeared natural and effervescent; her enthusiasm carried over to the audience who were kept vastly amused as she skillfully persuaded an opposed and obstinate jury to her way of thinking. “Ladies of the Jury” demanded attention from the moment the curtain rose at eight-thirty. Members of the supporting cast performed their tricks with the skill and polish of professionals and succeeded in keeping the entire second act a riot of fun. The humor was particularly good and of a nature that could be enjoyed by anyone; While not of a slapstick variety it was only semisubtle and easily appreciated. Fred Ahrens played the part of a commedian with all of the nonchalUnce and ease that he demonstrated in “Carmen” last spring. Mary Helen Theiss was equally good in the feminine comedy role of lady juror—ex-chorus girl. In fact all of
MichaeUIauer To Play For Mixer
Michael Hauer and his orchestra will play for the homecoming dance from 9 until 12 o’clock tonight in the Union ballroom. Hauer’s orchestra is one of the better known orchestras in the middle west, having had a long run in Dayton, Ohio. His specialty, however, is playing for college dances. Last year Hauer played here for the Indiana game dance. The regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail for the affair.
the cast came up to the high standard set by Miss Vaughn. “Ladies of the Jui’y moved along with all the speed of a well written and well acted play. Ruth Grimm, on trial for the murder of her old and wealthy husband, facqs a jury suspicious of her past career as a chorus girl and willing and ready to believe the worst. The audience and jury are permitted to hear the evidence of this woman during the first act in which Miss Grimm does an excellent piece of work with a French accent. Her acting is emotional but a clever bit of characterization. Jury Retires With instructions to base their judgment of the case on the evidence alone the jury retires to a room where they are confined for two days and two nights. In Hie face of strong opposition the loquatious and subtle Mrs. Livingston Baldwin Crane influences eleven people to change their vote in favor of the unfortunate defendant. A second performance of “Ladies of the Jury” will be given at 8:30 o’clock tomorrow night at Duncan Hall as a special feature of the homecoming program.
Deadline On Coupon Books
Student athletic coupon book holders who intend to take advantage of the privilege of purchasing a ticket for the Chicago game next Saturday for fifty cents must turn in their books with the fifty cent fee to the ticket office before 5 o’clock Monday for validation of the proper coupon, it was announced last night by C. S. Doan, ticket manager. According to the agreement with Chicago athletic authorities, they must be notified Tuesday morning of the number of students taking advantage of the fifty cent privilege, which necessitated setting the Monday evening deadline. Consequently, no books presented for validation after the close of the ticket office on Monday can be honored.
Fans To Meet In Village
Band To Lead Throng To Bonfire
Bigger and louder than ever before!
That’s the description of the pep session which will be held on Stuart Field tonight ’ at 8:45. Gimlets, Reamers and Skull and Crescents are sponsoring tonight’s affair which will have one of the members of the ’ll squad as guest speaker. Boilermaker fans will meet in the village at 8:30 where they will be met by the University band and then march to the field. A huge bonfire will be lit as the crowd approaches the field. Approximately 4,000 fans are expected for the session.
12 Pledged ToPOMM
Purdue Order of Military Merit announces the pledging of twelve men: O. W. Buenting, W. S. Chancellor, R. H. Helm, V. W. Antuschko, D. D. Baals, E. N. Cox, P. S. Emrick, J. R. Murray, W. C. Musham, G. F. Springman, M. L. Underwood and W. H. Wood.
Choir Homecoming Dinner Tonight
The Concert Choir homecoming festivities will open tonight for both alumni and active members. Old and new members are invited to dinner, which will be followed by a combined sing under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart. There will be a luncheon at the Embassy in Lafayette for alumni and actives tomorrow. In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Stewart are going to hold open house for the choir.
Editor Of Exponent In 1933-34 b Father
Mr. Richard Yeager Moss, of Dayton, Ohio, and editor of the Purdue Exponent in 1933-34, is the proud father of a son, Richard, Jr. Moss was a member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity while in the University, and was in many honorary organizations. The baby was born at the Luthern hospital in Ft. Wayne.
Multiproforum Discussion Group Resumes Meetings
Girls Enter “The Barracks’ In Decoration Contest
Nineteen girls living at “The Barracks,” 102 Andrew Place, are planning to enter the competition for homecoming decorations. Jean Soehner has been appointed chairman of the decorating committee, with Margaret Amsden and Frieda Riechers as assistants.
Discussion of current economic and social problems, begun in August by a gi-oup of University and townspeople under the name of the Multiproforum Discussion Group, will be resumed next Wednesday night at the Memorial Union Building, it was announced yesterday by F. W. Bollman, organizer and director of the programs. The first speaker will be T. R. Johnston, director of publicity for the University, who will discuss “Reciprocal Trade Agreements,” a subject under much consideration at this time. All the discussions are on a non-political basis, the speaker outlining the topics and others in attendance participating. Meetings will be held every Wednesday night and such topics haye been planned as “Family Relatioins,” a talk by Miss Mary J. Roseberry, a University graduate and secretary of the Tippecanoe county chapter of the Red Cross; and “Crime Detection,” by W. I. Spitler, chief special agent of the Monon Railroad, with the assistance of Lieut. Kooken, of the Indiana state police force, and Prof. J. S. Robinson, of Indiana University.
Rain - Perhaps
By Tempy The Exponent Weather Mouse
Ccccooouuggghhhh. (That’s supposed to represent a mouse-like cough.) I almost missed the prediction for today. I was scampering about near Cary Hall when I noticed a sky-full of dense dark clouds. I was sure it was going to rain. On closer inspection I saw the clouds were caused by a dilapidated steam roller. I coughed and coughed. My eyes watered and my twl drooped. The smoke was terrific. The Lambda Chi’s were firing the boiler with no door on the fire-box. What I want to know is how the lambda Chi’s expect the thing to run when the government couldn’t get it hot enough to run. Which reminds me. It will be cloudy today with possible showers. Temperature same.
University Dairy Head Honored By Association
Pi’of. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department of the University, has been elected vice president of the American Dairy Science Association in the mail balloting-recent-ly completed. This was the word received yesterday from Dr. R, R. Graves, of Washington, D. C., who was chosen president. Elevation of the Purdue dairy chief to the vice presidency of tlm association comes as reixignition his work in the dairy research field.
Mechanicals To Tour Rostone Plant Todays
Mechanical engineering student3» who are interested in attending An inspection of the Rostone plant, wfil have a chance to do so today at 4 o’clock. A personally conducted tour of the plant will he given. Transportation will he pKOvIdod for students, leaving the Mechanical Building at 4 o’eloeiL Those wishing to attend this inspection ace asked to call R. K. Weldy at 4Sfi» or Jack MoOauncey at 3004.‘4'!-, %
'. f." ' i. '1 > '
Pigeywo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday,, October 9, 193^
The Wrong Way
Indiana has been a frequent subject of attack by the more radical politicians, due to its occasional martial law and the manner in which certain communities take steps to prevent the spread of radical propaganda. A case in point is the recent arrest of communist EJarl Browder at Terre Haute. It is undeniable that the spread of extremely red or un-American propaganda is regarded as an ill by a majority of the people. But it is questionable if the situation at Terre Haute, for instance, was handled in a way calculated to limit the spread of communistic ideas. That incident was featured on front pages all over the cormtry, giving much free publicity to the “cause”. If Browder had been permitted to speak, nothing would have been heard of the thing. His speech would have accomplished little or nothing toward increasing communism's popularity. But now that the issue of free speech was raised by the illadvised action of the Terre Haute police chief, there are probably hundreds of persons who feel more friendly toward the communist party. Terre Haute’s head policeman may have thought he was doing the best thing, but if he had thought the situation through he could only have come to the conclusion that the best thing would have been to permit Browder to
speak.
Norman Thomas, socialist candidate, has many times felt called upon to make personal surveys of the conditions in Indiana when martial law has been declared. The mere fact that Thomas came here and reported on what he saw served to put the state in a bad light and at the same time give him considerable publicity. State and city officials therefore might profitably sit down and think things over carefully before taking action which might result in publicity unfavorable to the city or state but favorable to the very persons against whom the action may have been directed.
W ith Other Editors
Short Short Story Mr. William Randolph Hearst, whose favorite hobby is screaming “RED” at those who incur his disapproval, owns a radio station in Pittsburgh. The Federal Communications Commission recently decided that Comrade Earl Browder, who openly flouts his connections with Stalin and Russia by running for the presidency as a Communist, may speak over Mr. William Randolph Hearst’s air waves three times during the coming campaign.—Student Life.
Grid Pools Are Menace To College Sport Many football fans, particularly those who think they are experts at forecasting scores of next week’s games, are going to furnish ap easy living this year to a group of men whom they do not know and for whom they probably would hold little respect if they did know. For a $20,000,000 a year racket is being conducted at their expense. These unsuspecting lambs, hungry for easy money, furnish meat for operators of widespread, smooth-functioning football pools. In all parts of the United States, men and women are stopping in each week at restaurants, cigar stores, laundries, beauty parlors, and other places of distribution, to obtain cards bearing a skillfully picked schedule of several football games to be playing the coming Saturday. They mark their choice for the teams they think will win, hoping they can pick correctly at least five of a possible nine. It is a difficult task, for the pool operators employ football experts to select games that are sure to be toss-ups, where victory for one team or the other may depend on just a few yards gained or lost. Prices paid for these choice-cards range from 50 cents to $2. Odds paid winners average, for the many separate pools, 10-1 for five out of nine, 25-1 for seven, and 50-1 for nine. A tempting, simple way to make easy money, think the amateur doping experts. But they do not know the inside facts. If operators were to give their customers a 50-50 chance, odds should be 600-1 for nine, 12^8-1 for seven, 32-1 for five. Statistics show that only 61 persons out of every 10,000 paying money to the runners, or card distributors who work for the “front man” at the business head of the pool, ever derive any profit from their gambling. It
$urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of Nstionul College Press Association, Bir Ten Editorial Association Excinsieeiy Bepresented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 par year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street (Business Pbope 5038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF *ditor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor El H. Morris Associate Editors.- K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sports Editor
Associate Sports Editors...
SPORTS STAFF
L. D. Wood - W. H. Flfleld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager — _R, J. Hulse National Advertising Manager _L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager D. 0. Miller Oirevdation Manager «... — J, P. Girard
BdUm..^ Advertisii^ Manager. AssoeiateEdItors
WpMEN'S STAFF ., — Helen Creech - — Betty Barnett JTeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke
Issue Siditor—J. A, Chapin
is the “front man’s*’ job to see that they lose. The racketeer at the top has frequently been known to leave town the night before the last game of the season, so that he will not have to bother to pay out winnings from the hundreds of dollars collected and turned in by his agents during the week. Then, too, there is a possibility that the runners will get “smart” and foist counterfeit tickets on their patrons to make beating the game increasingly difficult. It really is a great business, this football pool affair. It has possibilities. There is a chance that the little fellows in the racket may have a bad week and will be forced to sell out to a bigger concern in order to meet their obligations. There is the chance that “monopolies” may arise in the football pool field. Muscling in on territories, rivalry, gun play, and death—all these have a splendid opportumty to develop in the fast growing business. It is also likely that pools may even make an inroad into the game of football itself, as gamblers say that collegiate football qnd presidential elections are the only things that cannot be “fixed”. Surely the racketeers must want to do something about this. Recognizing pools as a menace to the successful operation of athletics, the professional national league of football has ruled that anyone connected with that organization who is found to have participated in a pool will be immediately and unconditionally expelled. A similar ruling for university students, enforceable by officials of the Pacific Coast conference, would be valuable insurance for keeping collegiate football on the fair side of the ledger.—^Daily Trojan.
Into A Liberal Education Place Bombs; Stir Well... “Striking students at Memorial high school in Campbell, Ohio, were dispersed when police threw tear gas bombs into their hiidst.” According to the Associated Press the students were protesting the transfer of a favorite teacher. The bombs were ordered in by the chief of police of Campbell. High school students today are experiencing a liberal education. They are learning more than their dull outmoded texts could ever tell them. They are learning civics outside the classiv om. And they are getting more than one point of view. Formerly students used to be told that the American system of government gave them certain rights and liberties and they hadn’t much occasion to question these statements. But now it seems that they are to be given a chance actually to test them. A favorite instructor at this Ohio school was dismissed. Nine hundred of the thousand students enrolled protested. And in spite of the “rights” they were taught for a civics quiz, they were driven from their campus by the men ostensibly employed to safeguard those rights. The students are however rather lucky. (“they took flight to a nearby hill, many of them ■ coughing and sneezing.” . . .) They are lucky they weren’t beaten by the police or suspended from school and deprived of the opportunity to continue their liberal education.—California Daily Bruin.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER Th^ Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column, Suih opinions are solely those oj the vtriter. Fable Once upon a time at the far-famed college of PerDew there entered two students, A and B, who had the most peaceful natures imaginable. They were true pacifists, and were among the few souls who had enough courage in their convictions to sign a pledge not to fight in any war. When they found out they had to take military training, they tried to eliminate it from their schedules, but met with overwhelming opposition. They were atheists, so they could not plead conscientious religious objection. A refused to take military work, so his story is short. Three days later he bid Per-Dew goodbye and enrolled elsewhere. B was not quite so set in his ways, so he finally signed up for the course. The band and the flags were too much for him, especially after he had looked at all the polished brass. He succumbed to the illusions of glory and valor surrounding war, and became an ardent militarist. All that the military instructors tried to tell him about the horrors of war and the advantages of peace did no good. Could he not see for himself how glorified was the military man ? Eventually he graduated. Ten years later, through personal influence and letters to the editor of his local paper, he was a factor in the promotion of the war which started at that time. (There are other A’s and B’s at other institutions besides Per-Dew; there are also other institutions which have compulsory military training.) MORAL: Military training is considered by some people to be a contributing factor in the downfall of the battle for peace.
A famous millionaire mentions that money does not make fop happiness. Still, it does enable a man to be miserable in comfort.—Punch.
These economists ' who think competition a bad thing never tried to get service from a man who had no competition.—^Detroit Free Press.
1. Establish student SELF-govemment. 2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon> orary fees. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Modify the Student Union election system. 5. Rermit open campaigning in all pc^ular elections.
B
old & lack-
What, no rushees to rush? Guess we’ll have to go to dass. — A three star rating for Hodgdon (able assistant to Maish, Prexy of the Sigma Chi bachelor’s club) who has fallen from his lofty perch after a week-end session with Jean~ Hanley. For one wha has never cared for women, Hodgdon is running quite a temperature. INQUIRY As you slip your arm about her waist. And whisper words of love so fiery And as she trembles, for Gosh sake ask: Does she keep a diary? —Daily Trojan. WRH Calliper is still wondering why Pi Kappa Phi prexy. Bob Brinson, lived next door for seven years and never said “hello”, but as soon as she comes to Purdue he flutters her with invitations to acedmpany him everywhere. Dick Craig is coming out of his hermitage (since the Parlon pin demise) with “beauty queen,” Nilson as the object of his affections when she returns for a visit.this week-end. Cheer Leader Burnell is making tracks for the Kappa house and Judy Jones for homecoming weekend. Is it because Christopherson’s old love, Ernest, is returning or are you tired of a cheese diet, Walter? Bedroom Slipper Song: “Goin.’ to Heaven on a Mule.” Lingerie Song: Wouldn’t Change You For The World, Dear.” Suspender Song: “It All Depends On You.” Negro Spiritual: “Black Bottom.” Poetry and more poetry: “I DRAW the line at kissing,” She said in accents fine; But he was a football hero. So he crossed the line. —Alabama Rammer-Jammer. And still no contribs on Truitt, Hughes or Lowe. There’s a good double Mars pass for Ramona waiting for someone.
Music Room Program
NOON 1. Midsummer Night Dream (SchrezoMendelsBohn). 2. Home on the Range (Guion). 3. Forgotten (Wulschner-Cowles). 4. Oh Dry Those Tears (Del Biego). 5. Symphony No. 4 in D Major (Scherzo). 6. Moment Musical in A Flat Major (Schubert). AFTERNOON 1. Shepherd’s Hey (Grainger). 2. Country Gardens (Grainger). 3. Sonatini—8rd Movement—Anime ,P 3. Sonatini, 3rd Movement, Anime (Ravel). 4. Jeux d’Eau (Ravel). 6. Turkish March (Mozart). 6. Harmonious Blacksmith (Handel). 7. Jerome Kern’s Melodies. 8. Song of the Islands—Waltz (King). 9. The Waltz You Saved for Me (KahnKing Flindt). 10. Sonata in E Fldt (R. Strauss). Get Game-O-Graph Saturday
New MAIN Big Double Feature Now Playing Today, Friday and Saturday SKY BOUND with Eddie Nugeut, Lloyd Hughes and Grant Withers Plus 2nd Feature GIVE HER A RING Big Musical Comedy of Song and Dance Team
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“We use him to check up on our instruments.”
Extension of Northwestern University’s Evanston campus a half mile into Lake Michigan is being planned by that institution’s authorities.
At Pennsylvalia State Ccllege, enrollments in four-year courses of the school of agriculture and experiment station have nearly doubled in the past 10 years.
Watch For Game-O-Graph
Gaucho Leather Coat, Pictured Below Yale Model. Brown, Black.
See this smart coat and others at our store now. Sizes for men and women. DECKER'S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
A )Mjrld of y^armth and Comfort QUALITY ROBE
$1.39
Bargain Priced at
Durable. Attractive new patterns. Just the thing for the game. . . . Plenty big, 36 x 52 Inches. Other robe values at $2.29 and $3.39. GUARANTEE TIRE AND RUBBER CO. 532 Main Street
ROTH FLORIST, INC. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 27 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
ARC LEW AYRES FLORENCE RICE
‘PANIC ON THE AIR” and 'HM HeCOY “outlaw" DEPUTY” •Iso “CLUTCHING HAND”
FAMILY TODAY - SATURDAY I DOUBLE FEATURE~1
PLUS
‘The 3 Mesquiieers” with BOB LIVINGSTON SYD SAYLOR
LUNA TODAY - SATURDAY ' 2 BIG HITS !
TROM the BRAVEST PAGES IN • HISTORY!
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
MARS TODAY - SATURDAY lUST A i SHEEP IN WOLFS W GLOTHINCI
—Plus— JOB PALpORA COMEDY^ ftT^TTT' '*' s' 5'
j_ p»».>-^n>«j(
jPriday, October 9» 1986
1?HE PURDUE EXPONENT
Badger Eleven To Test Boilermakers’ Power
Kizermen In Good Shape To Avenge Last Year’s Defeat
Faced by a newly inspii^d team, under IJarry Stuhldreher, the Wisconsin football coach, the Boilermaker varsity will have its first real test of the season tomorrow afternoon in the Ross-Ade stadium. When the two teams line up against each others the odds will be against the Badgers. Every expert in the country who has seen the two squads has picked the Kizermen as easy winners. Coach Noble Kizer has made sure that the varsity will be in the best shape possible by having an open date last week. Purdue is still smarting from the surprise defeat handed them by Wisconsin last year and they expect to justify themselves before the homecoming crowd here tomorrow. Wisconsin surprised everyone lasf week by holding a strong Marquette team to a 12 to 6 victory. This weekend they have another up-hill bat-
tle, but they are planning on giving the Boilermakers the battle of their lives.
-f -f -f
-f -f ♦
^ ^
^ -f 4
4 4 4 4 4 SOFTBALL 4 4 4 4 4
Today
Diamond 1—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Sigma Lamb-
da.
2—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sig-
ma.
4—Pirathon vs. Faculty. 6—^Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 6— ^nieta Xi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7— Delta tfpsilon vs. Delta Chi. 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma PL 9— Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 10— ^Triangle vs. Theta Tau. 11— ^Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 12— >\cacia vs. Delta Tau Delta. 13— ^igma Alpha Epsilon vs. Beta Sigma
Psi.
14— Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 17—^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Mu.
44444444444 ALL CAMPUS TENNIS 44444444444
Today. 4:15 o’clock
T. C. FoxworUjy vs. R. K hyazier. D. Waid vs. H. W. Lownie. W. B. Billings vs. J. M. Frasier. H. Moses vs. T. P. Tabshey. J. E. Lentz vs. E. J. Gdmke. Floyd Rush vs. R. K. Hirchert. P. V. Plapp vs. T. Fuener. H. L. Scott vs. D. E. Wilkins.
DEBRIS Senior Sittings
Every senior, desiring to have his picture in the 1937 DEBRIS must report to the Debris office, on the second fioor of the Memorial Union Building, at his scheduled time. A fee of $1.50 will be charged for each sitting. To insure the best picture, it is suggested that the seniors wear plain, dark clothes. —R. W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris.
Friday, October 9
2120
Buchanan, L. W. Hunter, W. C. Hunzicker, O. F. Chastain, fi. 1. Jewell, M. Jones, R. L. Christy, H. R. Todd, H. D. Thompson, T. R. Cohen, J. Kmeeza, M. Canham. C. H. Gibbs, H. W. Verdicchio, F. Carr, J. E. Vernor, P. H. Vogle, G. C. ClasBon, E. G. Whitney, J. P. Uner, R. A. Coddington, J. A. Kueck, H. F. Canatsey, G. D. Levy, G. F. Jackson, G. W. Capron, C. Townsend, J. W. Van Pelt, W. E. Corbon, H. B. Helser, L. F. Winter, W, E. Conner, A. C. Mikkelsen, E. W. Caldwell, J. HardinjC. M. Hersh, XL Carton, R. F. Holdeman, R. L. Humfeld, G. P. Claus, W. D. Justin, F. H. Vaxgo, P. W. Clevenger, W. W. Castor, C. V. Hodgden, W. W. Westphal, N. E. Clary, W. M. Wirth, S. R. Welklinski, C. J. Clive, O. H. Woodard, B. M. Wagner, K. C. Connelly, J. W. Ward, R. M. Chancellor, W. S. Wilson, B. F. Klopfonstein, R. B. Cleveland, G. W. Koch, G. D. Kochman, R. B. Cohee, S. M. Kophorsky, M. S. Korty, N. L. Coulter, J. A. Kroeger, E. J. Chamberlain, R. W.
3:06 Lawson, W. P. 3:10 Leffee, J. C. 3:16 Clifford, T. D. 3:20 Lischer, L. F. 3:25 Loehr, R. W. 3:30 Cripe, R. W. 3 ;36 Logan, W. G. 3:40 Lommel, £. G. 3:46 Dailey, Lawrence 3:60 Love, M. E. 4:00 Daniels, S. D. 4:05 Hudson, M. B. 4:10 Howards F. K. 4:16 Danner, W. J. 4:20 Knepple, R. A. 4:25 Knerr, C. J. 4:30 Davenport, R. E. 4:36 Kohr, M. 4:40 Kraner, T. E. 4:45 Davis, S. P.
Saturday, October 10
8:00 8:05 8:10 8:15 8:20 8:25 8:80 8:35 8:40 8:45 8:50 9:00 9:05 9:10 9:15 9:20 9:25 9:30 9:36 9:40 9:46 9:50 10:00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10:20 10:25 10:30 10:36 10:40 10:45 10:60 11:00 11:05 11:10 11:16 11:20 11:26 11:30 11:36 11:40 11:46 11:60
Cambi, J. Krebs, E. P. Long, G. B. Drake, J. W. Lanuti, H. Legg, B. L. Dillon, L. V. Lockwood, A. G. Wertzler, E. F. Duncan, R. L. Wheeler, R. C. Chandler, R. H. Whipong, J. L. Wills, R. G. Cole, J. D. Williams, R. K. Williams, W. A. Doud, L. J. Wild, J, M. Lambert, C. W. Dutenhaver, R. £ Lempke, W. J. Chipman, E. E. Lloyd, R. Verber, F. Diesbach, F. B. Weldy, R. K. Williams, D. F. Dooley, D. L. Hunt, W. T. Ingwalson, C. F. Dfeterich, R. H. Jones, E. K. Compton, W. C. Johnson, D. E. Johnson, R. E. Dieterle, F. E. Julian, J. J. Wylde, J. W. Doke, E. G, Willis, E. S. Weiner, S. Downey, G. M. Lucas, R. H.
Six Men Turn Out For
Athletic Fraternity
Six ifien turned out last night for participation in the events sponsored by Sigma Delta Psi, honorary athletic fraternity. Four of the six passed the hurdle event, three getting by the hundred yard dash, and two, the broad jumps. Five points are given each fraternity that has a representative winning all events.
Varsity Holds Final Drill
Coneentrate On Passing, Aerial Defense
Purdue’s varsity football team rounded off their practices before the homecoming game by going through a dummy scrimmage last night. The team is in fine shape and every man will be available for tomorrow’s game except Andy Grant, who is out with a sore arm.
Last night was spent tossing deceptive passes and improving the Boilermakers on defense against an aerial attack. Due to Wisconsin’s strength in the forward wall, the home team will probably depend a good deal on its passing attack.
FRESHMAN BASKETBALL
All candidates for freshman basketball report at Memorial Gym Tuesday, Oct. 18, at 4 p. m. Will use your own equipment for a few weeks. —LAMBERT.
Golfers To Qualify For Finals Sunday
Qualifying rounds for the finals of the all-campus golf tournament will begin Sunday morning, October 11, at 9:30 o’clock. The eight men shooting the best golf in the first round of 18 holes will be eligible for the finals. The three men with the lowest scores in the finals will be given medals. The matches will be shot Rt the Public Golf Course.
WBAA TODAY
11:00—Principles of Sociology, Mr. T. K. Nobs, classroom lecture. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, conducted by Glenn Sample. 12:16—Lpncheon Dance Music. 12:80—^Athletic Review, Prof, Homer Allen & Doxie Moore. 12:46—^Noon Musicale. 1:00—Civic Forum, sponsored by Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. 1:16—Mechanical Shop. 1:80—Great Inventions, Miss Candace Smith, of Lafayette city schools. 1:46—Markets, J. R. Hays. 2:00—Weather Reports & Current Events. 2:15—^Musical Album. 2:30—Songs & Melodies, Cornelia Clark, pianist. 2:45—^Dramatic Readings, Miss Janet Ford. 8:00—Lafayette City Schools Program, Grade School Representation. 3:30—^Lafayette Little Theatre Program.
Anthropological measurements University of Kansas freshmen compared with those of a selected list of other schools recently revealed that these men were taller, about the same in weight, and less in girth of chest.
Get Game-O-Graph Saturday
ielder’s.... I ....choice I
■By B«d» Walpole i «—■#
Tomorrow’s f homecoming game with the Badgers will mark theiirst Big Ten engagement for Wisconsin’s coach, Harry Stuhldreher . . . —fc—
The Badgers have won ten games to Purdue’s seven in the series that started buck in 1892 ... in that year the Boilernmkers whipped Wisconsin, 34 to 6 ... the 1936 Boilermakers are going to try to bring the series score up to ten to eight. . . every man wearing the Old Gold and Black colors tomorrow will be out to win... get behind them and give that necessary support. .. —fo—
After the Minnesota-U. of Washington game two weeks ago, Jimmy Phelan, Washington coach, stated that the Gopher team was far below his expectations ... since that game Minnesota has had two weeks of grrace ... we are anxious to see the outcome of the Minnesota-Nebraska game this week-end . ., —fc—
Purdue’s cross-country team will include several promising sophomores when it meets the Badgers tomorrow morning . . . among the runners who have been suggested as possible starters are Bodeau, Marozick, Knapp, Bell and Long, all sophomores (last year’s freshmen), Goory and Williamson . . . the former a junior and the latter a senior. —fc—
Four Big Ten teams will be playing conference battles this weekend ... —fo—
Another T)ig PEP SESSION tonight on Stuart Field ... everybody bring themselves, a friend, your spirit, and a good pair of lungs .. . REMEMBER THE PEP SESSION
Lewis Advocates
Sportsmanship
New Lork City.—(AGP)—Dr. William Mather Lewis, president of Lafayette College, thinks that sportsmanship should be substituted for the present “mud-slinging” of political campaigns. Addressing the closing session of the ninteenth annual convention of the New York state district of Kiwanis International, Dr. Lewis said: “The mud-slinging, personal attacks, and vituperation now being promoted by certain political campaign leaders is a disgrace, and their under-handed and moronic propaganda is an insult to the intelligence of the American public. Until we put political contests on higher planes, we will find it difficult to persuade men of the finest type to become candidates for office.”
Two French university students, commissioned by France’s ministry of education, are now touring American universities to examine the social life of the American student.
Watch For Game-O-Graph
Harriers To Open Season Toniorr<»w
As an added feature of the homecoming program. Coach Tom Martin’s Purdue cross-coun^ squad will open its season’s schedule at 10:30 o’clock tomorrow morning in a dual meet with Tom Jones’ Wisconsin harriers. 'The meet will start and finish at the Ross-Ade stadium, and the race will be run over a three mile course.
The invading Badger team will be built around Gene Fenske, Big Ten
incfoor mile ehampiadn^ iMho placed second to Don Lash, of Indiaim, lit a close finish in the ifigTen <mtd^ championships. Pnrdae’s team will be built aronnd a sophomore eontingeni, l^ideaa, Knapp, Long, Maroadcle, BeB ai^ Luther, all sophomores, are expected to start, along with either Goory or Williamson, the only veterais on the squad.
By Way of Ineieasing enjoyment of football throni^ more inthnate knowledge of its finer points. Coach Charles E. Dorais, of the University of Detroit, conducts free football clinics for fans.
For that Correct Appearance
Use
The Union Barber Shop
and its SKILLED STAFF
Joe Knott Charlie Orman Pick Pickering Bob Orman Joe Clark
The Purdue Memorid Union
‘The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activity”
Hear the latest Victor Records
No. 25391. You Turned the Tables On Me. Here’s Love in Your Eyes. Benny Goedman and His Orchestra Two Popular Films Furnish the Hits for This Double.
No. 26408. Your Eyes. It Would Be Wonderful. Jack Hylton and His Orchestra Two Continental Smoothies.
No. 26409. Copper Colored Gal. I’m At the Mercy of Love. “Fats” Waller and His Bhytlun The Gal May iBe Copper Colored, But the Music is Red Hot.
No. 26410. La Golondrina. Honolulu Eyes. Wayne Kins and His Orehcstrs. The “Waltz King” Plays the “King of Waltzes.”
No. 26411. St. Louis Blues. Beany Chmdaian and Bin Orchestra Clarinet Marmalade. Mlek L«Raceaaa4 The Oiisinal IMidMaid. Band The First nnd Last Wwd in Jazz.
aCAYktorOMdon aCAMib.Oow.lnn
Jmsov
•RDS
McClean Music Company
vLX
,#44“ ®
A
Patfe Four
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
The Bread wkh Energy and Pep for the Youth of today
GRAVE'S
Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
BAkERY
Special Prices on SOFT BALL BATS and TENNIS RACKETS JOHN SPERB HDW. Phone 2777 822 Main
NOTICE
On account of school games, our advanced tap and advanced ballroom classes will be held on Thursday instead of Friday. Enroll Thursday, Oct. 10
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
Nothing finer for your club meeting than our chocolate drink—served hot oi cold.
Sunshine Farms
Phone 5015
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located"
110 Vine Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616-1618 Main
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Board and nicely furnished room with desks for two girls. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
For Sale—One of the largest collections of antiques in Indiana at MOORE’S COLONIAL MARKET, 220 No. Fifth St.
Ask for Chamberlin Ice Cream. Special this week—Tutti Fruti & Vanilla.
Want to make money?—If you’ve carried newspapers you qualify. Call at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house, 690 Waldron, between 7 and 8 tonight.
Lost—One browoi and gold Shaef-
fer fountain pen in University Hall. Call Umbaugh, 2866.
Lost—On campus, brown pigskin jacket. Call C. R. Brewer, 3400.
Why not have the Bake Shop at 216 Columbia St. bake your cakes and pies for homecoming? Mrs. Joe DeFrese, prop.
Lost — Black leather jacket in room 201 of Armory. Duval, phone 6071.
NOTICES Nq noUcM acMpted after 8 p. m.
Co-eds—Wishing to be campcraft leaders meet at the Women’s Gym Oct. 9 at 4. —HALSTEAD.
Independents—Help wanted, Male. Manager, producer, coach in drama ; debate manager (sophomore or junior) ; manager and director of chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion group work: manager of date bureau, men for office work and interviewing. Help Wanted, Female: Singer or instrument girl for orchestra ; manager and producer in drama, debate manager; manager in chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion work; girls for office work and interviewing. See Wilson White at the P. I. A. office or call him at 31912. —WHITE.
Fraternity Presidents—Have money for frosh-varsity tickets sent to Hodgdon at Sig Chi house by Oct. 9. Address checks to the Gimlet club. —KETTLE.
W. A. A. Tennis—These games must be played before Oct. 9: Bernadine Barnes vs. Marian Long, Janette Morns vs. Florence Beilke, Elizabeth Barnes vs. Willie Gross, Betty Arnold vs. Martha Walker, Margaret Jenkins, vs. Joyce Davison, Roselyn Jackson vs. Luanna Thompson, Ruth Randall vs. Georgia Walker, Pauline George vs. Margaret Mathes, Eileen Thomas vs. Maud Wilson, Marian Kidd vs. Georgia Elliott, Alice Breitwieser vs. Nina DeWitt, Mary Alma Pell vs. Lois Mills, Charlotte Foreman vs. Jinny Baxter, Marjorie Mobler vs. Barbara Pickett, Blanche Kernel vs, Margaret Stocker —RIETH.
Bowling—There is a new women's bowling class, P E W. 53, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
Physics—Condition examination for physto 1, 2, 21, and 22 will be held Ootpber 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 108, Physics Bldg.' —ABBOTT.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting at 4 Oct. 9 by Pharmacy Bldg., to build bonfire for pep session —FENSTERMAKER.
A. _S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office. —WELDY.
W. A. A, Archery—Practice Oct. 9 at 4 m Everyone please be there. —BOEHM.
Cadet Officers’ Entertainment Committee —All new and old members meet in the cadet officers’ room Oct. 9 at 4 p. m. —ANDERSON.
Newman Club—Members will receive communion Sunday, Oct. 11, at the 8 o’clock mass in St Mary’s church. A breakfast will follow in the new school. Bring your parents if they are here. —CARTON,
Union Sophomores-^ur committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 Oct. 9. / —STALLINGS, PFORZHEIMER. FI'TTS, CLAYPOLE, REID.
Reamer Club—All actives and pledges are required to report at Stuart Field at 8 p. m tonight —BUXTON.
Looking Backward
Independents—All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I A office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting is postponed until Oct 9 ut 7 :16 in the old Union office. All pledges whose names appeared in the Exponent are expected to be there for initiation —FUTOOHEE
Independents—Dance band tryouts and rehearsal Oct 9 7 p. m. Violin, drummer (set furnished), saxaphone and trombone men needed. Other parts try out also! —DAY. WHITE
October 9, 1935 Dr. Lillian Gilbreth addresses 350 co-eds at the annual activities banquet in the Memorial Union ball,room. Ray M. Southworth, 50, West Lafayette business man, dies. Plans for the Military Ball, to be held November 8, are stai^ted. Registration for the Mohlman intramural debate contest opens. Boilermaker gridmen hold last practice session here before leaving for New York to battle the Fordham Rams. Fraternity teams enter finals in the double elimination softball tourney. The University dairy products judging team leaves for Chicago for a practice judging contest enroute to St. Louis for the national contest.
Get Game-O-Graph Saturday
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
“DEAC” HAS EVEBTTHINO for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
Friday, October 9, 1936
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK . DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
POPCORN/or health Sparkling eyes, clear skin, more pep are indications of perfect health. Eift popcorn to attain it. A generous sack for 5c. A gallon for 15c.
DAD'S PLACE
352 Stale St.
Lux & Humphreys FRIDAY AND SATURDAY SPECIALS 5-Lb. Pkg. Fresh Marshmallows 69e 1-Lb. Pkg. Monarch Pepper 21 c 2 Va-Lb. Pkgs. Hershey's Bitter Chocolate 19e Realm Soap Chips, case, 8 5-Lb. Boxes $2.40 Tomato Juice, Campbell's, College Inn or Richelieu, case, 6 No. 10 cans $2.35 Toilet Paper, case, 100 1,000-sheet rolls $3.69 Campbell's Tomato Soup, new pack. Case, 6 No. 10 cans $3.15 Case, 12 No. 5 cans $3.25 Red Beans, case, 6 No. 10 cans $1.98 Phoenix Peaches, Heavy Syrup, Case, 6 No. 10 cans $3.59
Lux & Humphreys
317 state St. GROCERIES AND MEATS West Lafayette
phone 4028
0193(1. Liocnr 4c Mviu Tobacco Cot
... tn^’remiMer tAey kave a more pleasing iasie and aroma