This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY March IL 1938 Lafayette, ladiono VOL. 49 No. 132
Of Thee I Sing' OpensTonight 'John P. Wintergreen' Palma, Star In. . . At 8 P.M. In Fowler Hall
. . . “Of Thee I Sing” which opens tonight in Fowler Hall, is shown above getting in a bit of last minute practice for the part he is to play. Palma runs for president of the United States on a platform of love. In Tuesday’s paper he was shown as “Demosthenes” on the banks of the Wabash developing his oratorical powers. At left above he’s developing his “love making” ability. The photographer surprised him with Margey Starret at the airport pitching a bit of ! In the other picture Palma is bewailing the long arm and rotund proportions of the law to Officer Herman Wright of the West Lafayette force. Shortly before the photographer snapped the shutter Palma was attempting to learn what was “Wright from wrong” and found it the answer lies in a simple “click” at the wrist. His expression is naturaL
C. G. King To Spoak At AChS Heeling Prof. C. G. King, professor at the University of Pittsburgh, will speak at the March meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society in room 106 of the Chemistry Building following a supper meeting in the Union Building Monday. He graduated from Washington State College, where he served as student assistant in the state chemists’ laboratory. Professor King received his M. S. degree in 1926 and his Ph.D. in 1933 at the University of Pittsburgh. Membership In Organizations Prof. King is a member of the American Society of Biological Chemists, American Public Health Association, American Institute of Nutrition, and the American Chemical Society. This year Prof. King IS chairman of the Pittsburgh section of the division of Biological Chemistry of the American Chemical Society; he has served as secretary and chairman of this division in the past. Research Work Research interests of Prof. King include vitamins, enzymes, cellular respiration, and synthetic glycerides. He started on the trail of vitamin C in 1927, in collaboration -with graduate students. The first crude crystals of the vitamin were obtained in the fall of 1931, and isolation of the vitamin was reported in the spring of 1932. 'Snow White And Seven Dwarfs' To Open At New Main Tomorrow Morning Coming directly from the Apollo Theatre, Indianapolis, Walt Disney’s full-length animated feature, ‘Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs’ will open at the New Main Theatre tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock. Playing time for this first animated Technicolor production is one and one-half hours. It is composed of 250,000 drawings with a musical background provided by an orchestra of 80 musicians. As many as 750 artists worked on the production which was started in 1934. This film, estimated to have cost $1,500,000, will play at the New Main for an indefinite period.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy and wanner Friday. Saturday fair and continued mild. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 48; low, 29; mean, 38.5.
Mrs, A, Hannun To Lecture In Union “The Hidden Way,” h lecture to be given by Mrs. Alberta Pierson Hannun, authoress and lecturer of West Virginia, will be presented on the annual guest day program of the Purdue Women’s Club this afternoon at 2 o’clock, in the Union ballroom. Mrs. Hannun has spent considerable time teaching in the Carolina mountain district and has written several books revealing the life of the mountain folk. Painting Exhibit In Music Room To Be Removed Tomorrow The last opportunity for students and townspeople to view the outstanding exhibit of 25 landscapes and portraits from the Chicago Art Galleries will be provided today in the music room of the Memorial Union Building, it was announced last night by Prof. Laurentza SchantzHansen, chairman of the advisory committee on art affairs. The exhibit, which has been open to the public since last Saturday, is composed entirely of the work of outstanding Chicago artists. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, the advisory committee on art affairs has planned an ambitious series of exhibits, beginning next Monday when 25 paintings by early Indiana artists will be hung in the music room for the remainder of the month. In April, arrangements have already been made for an exhibit of portraits, still lifes, and landscapes from the fine arts department at Cornell University, while May will be given over to an exhibit by contemporary Indiana artists. The selection of the paintings to appear in both the early and contemporary Indiana artists’ exhibits are being made by Wilbur D. Peat, director of the John Heron Art Institute, Indianapolis, who is honorary chairman of the' advisory committee in art affairs. Two Songstresses And . . . one male singer will accompany Del Coon and his Sympho-Swing orchestra to the campus tomorrow to play for the i*egular 9-12 o'clock Saturday night mixer. The vocalists are unusually good, according to Union Manager L. L. Vallely . . . one of them is a skilled tap dancer.
By Fred Curtain time for the first allcampus musical show, “Of Thee I Sing,” is set for 8 o’clock tonight. The place is the Playshop Theater in Eliza Fowler Hall. Opening night is not formal, but some couples who are planning to attend the cotillion later in the evening will come in formal attire. After invading the backstage-bed-lam of the final rehearsal night for the musical comedy, your Exponent reporter brings you a candid picture of the people-behind-the-show. Sexton Sisters Interviewed First to be interviewed was Betty Jo Sexton, co-dance director, (with Piny at her side). When asked if she had any statement to make concerning the show she countered with “Just a minute. I’ll see what WE want to say.” After a conference of three minutes she came back with “We’ve just been catching the show from the front, and WE think the first all-campus show will set a high precedent. “The ponies are a good-looking bunch of kids who like to dance and can.” Stage Manager As the next victim, your reporter picked George Glover, stage manager for the production. George said, “The stage crew is doing its part, but the boys made a bunch of mistakes which we hope they won’t make tomorrow.” (This last statement was made und^r opposition from Harry Brenman, master carpenter, who was' decidedly against telling the Exponent such vivid realities). When Bud Bryant was contacted he said, “A1 Stewart has taken care of all the musical wheels of the production, and he has done one swell job.” Stewart, Carmichael, and Dietrich could not be disintegrated from the thick of the bedlam, as they were lost in their work. The one climaxing sight of the Exponent invasion was the stagehand who was knitting a pink sweater in his spare time, aided and abetted by Sara Alice McIntosh of the costume committee.
Prom Committee Issues Permits To 600 Students At the close of the fourth day of Prom permit distribution yesterday afternoon at 5:30 o’clock, 600 permits had been issued by the committee. Upperclassmen may obtain permits today from 4 to 5:30 and tomorrow between 1 and 5 p. m. in room D of the Union Building. Tickets to the Junior Promenade can not be obtained without a permit, the committee emphasized, and this includes students who expect to get a complimentary ticket. Prom permits will be issued without limit. Bob Ruth, committee member in charge of permits, said, but if distribution continues at the present rate, the permits issued will probably pass the 1,000 mark. Prom Chairman Bob Sasser announced that in the event of advance permit distribution continuing at the present rate, a limit may have to be placed on the number of tickets to insure Prom goers of uncrowded dancing space. No preference will be shown in ticket distribution, he added, those paying the $4 to the University cashier first receiving their tickets. Sportswomen Will
Sponsor Carnival Cotillion Queen
Swinney, Ourand Lead Cotillion March Tonight Co-eds Granted 2 O'clock Jack Swinney And... Hours For Sophomore Dance Charlie Agnew and his band from Chicago” are to appear in the spotlight tonight as Jack Swinney, Pi Kappa Phi, and Jane Ourand, Kappa Alpha Theta pledge, lead the Sophomore Cotillion. WSGA has granted 2 o’clock hours for coeds, and the dance will be held from 9 until 1.
Programs
Ticket holders may exchange their
stubs for programs at the Union checkroom any time from 10 to 1 p. m. or 2 to 5, today. Committee members hope that all programs will be called for at these times, to
avoid confusion at the door. Preceding Cotillion, members of
Skull and Crescent and their dates will attend a banquet at 7:30 in the faculty lounge. Guests of the organization will be President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Doan, Dean and Mrs. A. A. Potter, Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Professor L. M. Sears, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton,
— ProfessoB and Mrs. J. H. McKee,
Sportswomen, co-ed athletic honorary, will sponsor a dance and carnival in the Women’s Gymnasium March 18, from 7 to 11 p. m. The theme of the dance will be a penny carnival managed like an oldfashioned county fair. Fortune-tell-ing, games of skill and luck, and oddity shows, will be featured in the different booths of the Alpha Chi Omegas, Alpha Xi Deltas, Kappa Kappa Gammas, Chi Omegas, Kappa Alpha Thetas, Phi Mus, Pi Beta Phis, Pedalions, Thaeles, PIA, Tritons, WAA, and Sportswomen. “Everyone is invited to the carnival,” said Emily Tubbs, president of Sportswomen, last night. “The booths will be open from 7 until 9, and the orchestra will play until 11. There will be refreshments and entertainment for everyone.” The awarding of prizes for the cleverest and most original booths will be a part of the program, under direction of Margaret Ritchey. Admission will be five cents, and everything else, in keeping with the penny carnival motif, will be one cent. PIA St. Patrick Dance
Jane Ourand
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bodden, Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Vallely, Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Miller. Professor G. A. Young, co-faculty advisor, will be unable to attend because of previous appointment. L. E. Morison, Phi Gamma Delta, will be master of ceremonies. Balloons To Fill Ballroom Thanks to fraternity freshman. Cotillion fans will view for the first time a ballroom flanked with balloons aranged to spell out the name of the dance. Band fronts will feature silhouettes of the typical underclassman “guy and gal.” Paul Cooper, Kappa Sigma, chairman of the pledging committee of Skull and Crescent, will announce the organization’s pledges immediately following the grand march. Membership of the Cotillion committee includes Dyer Butterfield, of Phi Delta Theta; R. W. Burks, Triangle, Allen Shakleton, Beta Theta Pi, W. F. Qualls, Theta Chi; B. H. Burns, Pi Kappa Alpha; R. E. Insley, Sigma Nu, and Jack Swinney, Pi Kappa Phi.
Sevitzky Conducts Convo
Candidites For win Admit Co-eds Free
YWCA Annouiiced
Candidates for offices of YWCA were announced by Dorothy Bryaht, president, at an informal tea for cabinet members of the organization yesterday afternoon at the home of Mrs. Charles B. Aiken, in West Lafayette. Helen Conver, junior home economics student, and Betty Klein, a junior in the school of science, and member of Pi Beta Phi sorority are opponent for the office of president. Cathex’ine Cooley, sophomore home economics student, is one of the candidates for the office of secretary, with Jane Hall, junior science student, her opponent. Marga Mary Glunt, junior home economics student, and Sara Alice McIntosh, also a junior in home economics and a member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, are running for the position of treasurer. The elections of these YWCA of^cers will be held on March 23 in conjunction with those for the other women’s organizations. Mabelle Cutler, Sc ’34 , . . . . has recently accepted a position as psychologist with the Wayne county training school at Northville, Mich. Since her graduation from the University, she has been engaged in guidance work in the New York state prison for women. Miss Cutler obtained a master’s degree from Columbia University in 1935.
Fifth in the PIA tea dance series of the present academic year and the first to be open to all University co-eds, the PIA St. Patrick’s dance will claim possession of the Union ballroom from 3 till 5:30 o’clock tomorow afternoon. All girls coming unescorted and all lone male attenders will receive four-leaf clovers. Those in charge expect a large number of co-eds to attend without dates, as admission is free to all University co-eds— PIA members, sorority girls, and all
others.
Eds must be PIA members in order to attend and will be admitted upon presentation of their membership cards. Ag Graduate Appointed To Conservation Service Lyle H. Bull, Ag. ’24, has recently bpen appointed by the U. S. Civil Service commission and department of agriculture, Washington, D. C., to soil conservation service at Wilmington, O. Since his graduation, Mr. Bull has been employed as an agricultural instructor in the high school at McComb, O. Equestrian Club . . . . . . members and those interested are advised of the correction of an article in yesterday’s Exponent. The next meeting of the club was not held last night, but will be held next Thursday evening at 7:80 in the Student Union office,
By J. C. Woodson “Extraordinary. Indiana should feel proud of this wonderful orchestra,” commented President E. C. Elliott last night in the Memorial Gymnasium after hearing the second performance at the University this year of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Fabien Sevitzky. Under Conductor Sevitzky’s able direction, inanimate musical instruments seemed to come to life for the near-capacity audience of students and faculty members, and the selections, as a whole, were very well received. “Water Music” Opens Concert Tall, erect, dark haired Sevitzky opened the evening’s concert with “Water Music,” by George Frederick Handel. Vigorously leading his orchestra, which has not yet seen its first birthday, Sevitzky re-cre-ated the water festival on the River Thames in 1717, for which the instrumentation was written. The audience responded with enthusiastic ■ applause. American Composer Carrying out his usual plan of including one American composer on every program he presents, Sevitzky next played “The Pleasure Dome of Kubla Khan,” by Charles Tomlinson Griffes. “Moto Perpetuo,” by Nicolo Paganini, a frisky violinsection solo, and “Capriccio Espagnol,” by Rimsky-Koi'sakoff, wei-e next in order, both very well received. Sevitzky was applauded several times before he was allowed to leave the stage for intermission. Elliott Speaks During intermission, J. K. Lilly, a
University trustee, introduced by President Elliott, told the audience about the orchestra itself, calling it “the last word in musical culture in Indiana.” “Symphony No. 1 in G Minor,” by Basil Sergevich Kalinnikoff, was the last, number on the program. After the convocation, Sevitzky attended a reception at the home of President Elliott. Loyola Dean Will Conduct Retreat Dean of Loyola University, Rev. William Finnegan, S. J., and Rev. Edward ColnomS:^., will conduct a retreat forcl5atholic students of the University, beginning tomorrow at 1:30 p. m. in the St. Mary’s Church, located on Columbia street between 12th street and 13th street in Lafayette. Retreat This Retreat is a period of examination of conscience, meditation, and religious and moral instruction. It is a retreat from worldly things. Resuming Sunday morning with Mass and Communion at 9:30, the Retreat will last till 4 p. m., when it will close with a Papal Blessing. Breakfast Arangements for a breakfast after the 9:80 Mass, are being completed and any development will be announced later. The Retreat is being sponsored by the Newman Club and. those in charge urge all Catholic men and women of the University to attend.^dihfdoiL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diumifc
Friday, March 11, 1938
The Editor Says
You’re Feeling Tired... ... after a nerve-tensioning day in the classroom . . . do you reach for your friend’s Camels ? No, you step into the Union browsing room and pick out a book and a nice easy chair. You’ve just finished a steak dinner in the Union grille and are looking for an aid to digestion . . . do you stop at the candy counter to buy a package of Turns? No, you walk into the browsing room and take a book on light fiction from the shelves. You have an hour off between classes and want to get in the right mood for that test next hour ... do you trip down to the sweetshop for a “coke?” No, instead you saunter over to the browsing room where you can find an entertaining book on poetry or travel. You’ve finished tomorow’s lessons in the Library and are not yet in the proper frame of mind for sleeping ... do you go down to the Village for a cup of hot chocolate or Postum, or a stein of beer? No, you drop into the Union Building and thence to the browsing room (open until 11 p. m. every day) for a few minutes of biographical or philosophical reading. Seriously, the browsing room is a convenient and comfortable, place to spend the few odd minutes that come up between this and that every day. Founded with the construction of the east wing summer before last, the browsing room now contains almost a thousand books—about half fictional and the rest on biagraphy, philosophy, history, travel, drama, essay, science, poetry, religion, arts, and sociology ... all for purely recreational reading. The shelves also hold 125 books on music which came with the Carnegie phonograph now in the music room. To the present collection of books are being added about 20 of the latest ones on the market each month .. students are encouraged to make suggestions for new purchases. Visitors to the room may help themselves
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^gpciated ®oUe$itttg ‘jgrcga
Entered u aecond class matter at the post ofTiee in Lafarctte, Indiana, nnder the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at iSie special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. S. 1017, anthorixed Jan'. 20, 1922. Published dailr except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. aiPRESBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service Jnc. Collegt Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y. Chicaqo - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editor-In-CUef
Businew Manacer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. ^ — J. B. Erode Associate Editors.. ^ D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanbaek, D. K. Vance Editor’s Secretary..-...-....—Margaret Sa'Wyer Friday, March 11, 1938 Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Sally McKee
to the books on the shelves, but no books are permitted to leave the room. Luxurious suroundings add to the “recreational” aspect of the browsing room. Carpeted in soft green, the room is furnished with green and tan easy chairs. The walls are paneled in oak between book shelves ... along the east wall stands a fireplace . .. Venetian blinds cover the mullioned windows. You’re bound to make some “habits” during your college life—habits that will stick with you throughout your life. Why not make this the time for forming one of the least expensive and most profitable habits of them all: the reading habit?
Little Willie feeling frisky, Got into his daddy’s whisky. Mother came ’n found him plastered. She said, “Go to bed you little love child.” Which all goes to polish off the ancient proverb that the older generation is always right . . . or that everything’s relative . . . Lotion’s of thanks to L. E. T. for the contrib ... it reminds us of our freshman years. Campus wits (both of them) put themselves together last night and submitted their best for the two free passes to “Of Thee I Sing” .. . Here are the best essays (?) to date . . . on the topic of why you should see the show ... I vas walking around vun afterdinner ven I’m hearing some scritching coming from a vindow. I’m following it, see, and I’m coming upon a rehoisal of “From Thee I’ll Singing.” Veil, I’ll tellingg youse! It
vas vun of de most moosical products I efer sneaked into. Sal Palmavich was yodeling and aye yae yae! Can dat boy yodel? Marge Staretski added mit him a duet and such sveet moosic! It’s making me very sad, I’m linking from it efen now. But don’t getting the idea it is sad, dough! Do you know vy—cause who’s else in it? —Benny Burnski! He’s saying this “Wes Sir” every time he’s turning around and that is often because he is so dizzy anyway. ( . . . whew . . . we re short of stenog’s) Veil—und Mary Ed Johnsberg! Vot a goil! (Mmmm) It’s vorth the money (und a neekl’s a neekle) just to seeing her zifig and swing it. These is not all from the stars ... you’ll tinking it is a milky vay! I vouldn’t miss it if I’m getting a FREE SEAT! Advertizingly, Abie Niemankovitz. Nice work Abie ... even though thou mixed thy nationalities a bit. The name of the contributor with the best proposition concerning the above game will appear in tomor-
NyBJiS
row’s column ... Prof. Jacklin’s missing bumps just won’t keep out of print . . . one enterprising anonymous fan recently scratched off a ditty entitled ‘Who Stole the Bumps on Road 62?’ to the tune of “Who Stole the Lock on the Henhouse Door?” What does that make Prof Jacklin and the boys in that lab ? ? ? ? We could add a small contrib on Cotillion Queen Ourand but will let i(. slumber on the hook until we see how she does in that new novelty from South Carolina called “the Skunk and jpeanuts Figure” tonight. See you at the punch bowl in the faculty lounge tonight ...
The New York City board of education has ruled that aliens cannot be admitted free to the city’s colleges.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8, pJS.
Women’s Gymnasium Saturday morning, March 12, at 11 o’clock. —WALKER. —TUBBS.
Saturday, March 19
-JONES.
Mechanical Engineers: ME students ■who intend to join the ASME must do so before Tuesday, March 16. No applications will be accept^ after this date. Apply at Prof. G. A. Young’s office for applications. —CLUTTER.
PIA Tea Dance: Stag line for Saturday, March 12, is not yet filled. Call at PIA office in person between 4 and 6:30 any afternoon. All young ladies are invited to come unescorted without signing up. —PARKHURST.
Glider Club: Short business meeting in Riflery: Correction-—Meeting for team candidates will be held Sunday, March 13, at 9 a. m. at rifle range in the Fieldhouse. —HOLMES.
Triton Club: Will sponsor a mixed swim, Friday, March 11, from 7 :30 to 9 P- m. in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. All girls and dates are invited to come. —SCHWEHN. WAA; Class basketball practices will be held Monday and Tuesday, March 14 and 16. Freshmen and seniors at 4 p.m.; sophomores and juniors at 4 :30 p. m. —MORRIS. PIA Orchestra: Practice in tower room of the Union Building at 7 p. m. Friday, March 13. —SHINN. New Jersey Students: Meeting Sunday, March 13 in reception room. Union, at 2 :30 p. m. Plans will be discussed for running a summer dance for residents of New Jersey. —GARTY.
PIA: Stags TvilL be allowed at the Tea Dance Saturday, March 12. Sign up in PIA office before noon Saturday. —PARKHURST.
Ehiglish Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
WSGA: Girls who haven’t filled in activities blanks please come into WSGA office between 4 and 5 p. m. any afternoon before
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P. M. 11 arid P. M. 12 will be giyen in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., Wednesday, March 16. —RISING.
Chemistry 1 and 2: Condition examinations will be given Saturday, March 12, 1-4 p. m., room 101, Education Building. Make application at room 210, Chemistry Building, before March 12. —MARTIN, ALLEN.
Newman Club: Meeting of 'the discussion group Tuesday, March 16, at 7:00 p. m. in room A of Union. —McCONAHAY.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An' examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th. —BINDER.
Camera Club: Will all persons having lockers inside the club’s darkroom please register them with the darkroom committee at tonight’s meeting, or before 6:00 n. m. Friday, March 11. —KOKHLiEB.
PM 16 Conditions: Examinations for removal of incompletes and conditions in descriptive geometry will be held Saturday, March 12, at 1 p. m., in room 308 of the CE Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to March 12. —PORSCH.
Catholic Students: “The Rritreat,’’ under the guidance of the two deans from Loyola University, will be held this Saturday and Sunday, March 12 and 13. The first, instruction will begin at 1:30 p. m. on Saturday. —VON HARZ.
University Orchestra: this week. (8-12)
No rehearsal this —PHILLIPS.
History, Government Makeups: Conditional and incomplete removal exams in history, economics and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at 1 p. m. in room 813 of the Recitation Building. Make application in history office. Recitation Building, before March 19. —ESTEY.
PIA: Applications for positions will be considered starting Thursday, March 10. All members interested call at the PIA office between 4 and 6 p. m. any afternoon to learn qualifications. (3-13) —SCHLUNDT.
Triton Club: Because of convocation there will be no Triton or open swim tonight. There will be a mixed swim Friday, March 11, from 7 :30 to 8:30 in the Memorial Gj m. —SCHWEHN. ■
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Get cutlasses from me at the Beta Sigma Psi house. (8-16) —MAAHS.
8-2 Battery Basketball: Do not play ’Thursday, March 10, as scheduled. Game will be played Saturday, March 12, at 1:4B. Report early. —COEN.
WAA Badminton: The following games wil) be played Fridtiy, March 11, at 4 p. m. liOuise Thomas vs. S. Caldwell, Jannice Rennik vs. E. Heeter, Harion Drewery vs. Betty Baudry. These games will be played at 4 :3Q p. m. Beatrice Shock vs. M. Campbell, Mixed Recreation: Mixed recreation will be held in Women’s Gymnasium Thursday March 11, 7 :80 to 9 p. m. Janet Major vs. Doris Christenson, Janet Sbaeffer vs. Jean Bailey. —CAMPBELL.
Triton CInb: All members who are taking part in tihe penny carnival please nteet inFriday, March 11. 1938
THE PURDUE
Spoils.
EXPONENT
Purdue Sports Squads Head Towards Chicago Womens
- Athletics
Rifle Tourney
Medals will be awarded for first, second, and third places in the finals, following the usual plan.
According to an announcement made last night by the intramural department, all unorganized students who are interested in entering a ward rifle tournament should sign up at the intramural office any time before noon tomorrow. This is the first ward rifle competition the department has ever held. Contestants will shoot in the rifle range in the basement of the Fieldhouse. Each entry will have 20 shots, eight finalists being picked to compete later. The first matches will be held Saturday from 1:30 to 5 p. m. Rifles for contestants will be furnished, but each person must bring his own ammunition.
Squash, Volleyball Ward squash and ward volleyball will begin within the next two weeks. All who are interested in entering the ward squash tournament must sign a list at the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. Matches will be played in the varsity squash courts at Eighth and Main streets in Lafayette. Racquets will be furnished. In the ward volleyball, each ward team will play three games at 7 p. m. March 17 at the Fieldhouse. Four teams will play in the finals the next day for the championship.
Personnel
Notes
nUake Friday, (Darch eleventh, a memorable occasion—fake her to dine in the before you attend the Sophomore Cotillion.
JhL fiuhduSL WsumfliaL UmofL
Activities Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campus
Track Team Leads Contingent Of 23 Boilermakers To Big Ten Meets Outstanding members of Purdue’s indoor track, wrestling, fencing, and swimming squads will start heading for Chicago today where the Boilermakers will compete in the Big Ten championship meets over the week-end.
Lemen Heads Track Squad
Disdaining superstition. Coach Hermon Phillips named a squad of 13 track men, headed by Bob Lemen, outstanding hurdler, who won the low sticks at the Illinois Relays within one-tenth of a second of the world record; Art Bodeau, middle distance ace who defeated Deckard, of Indiana in the mile last week; and Alden Knapp, a fast-developing miler. Other Boilermaker entries will include Gutting and Shideler in the hurdles; Marozick and Gaulke in the half-mile; Murphy in the shot-put; DeLong and Simmons in the dashes; and Terhune, Luther, and Mazur in the quarter-mil#’run.
, Grapplers
Four wrestlers were named by Coach Claude Reeck including Berkheiser, 126 pounds; Hoffman, 155 pounds; Gossard, 165 pounds, and Willey, 175 pounds. The lone Boil-
ermaker entry in the swimming BASKETBALL
championships will be George Wild-
hack, promising sophomore fancy —Today— diver. Court 1—Foster 7:00—Cary Hall N-2 vs. N-1.
7:15—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha
Gamma Rho.
Court 2—Aronson 7:00—^Cary Hall E-1 vs. E-3. 7:15—Ward 1 vs. Cary Hall 5.
Court 3—Mann
7:00—Marwood vs. Evergreen.
Company: Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, O. Representative: W. S. Dowman. Date of visit: Friday, March 11. Interviewing: Will talk to nine
senior chemical engineers, electrical engineers, and mechanical engineers in addition to men selected during first visit here. Open to those who have not had previous interview with this company. If interested
sign up in main office of school.
An English class in the junior college at Hollister, Cal., is preparing to publish a book on modern etiquette. It seems that buses have become such an integral part of American life that special etiquette
is needed for them.
The man who has the business sense to succeed has the style sense to buy clothes at Geislier’s $22*50 .to $40.00
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
224 Main St.
Some Great Values
in SLACKS Illustrated is almost an exact replica of one pair of our Smart Slacks. You can own this smart model in a choice of new colors and patterns, and in a fine grade light weight wood fabric for only $2-98 and $3.98
Reliable Clothing Co
224 Main St.
Purdire Gagers Take High Honors
By Rolfe Jenkins
For the third straight year and for the eighth time since 1924 a Boilei*maker has set the individual scoring pace in the Big Ten. Spradling made 128 points in 1925 to top the heap for the Gold and Black. Two years later Cummings led the Conference with 123 points, but it wasn’t until 1929 that a Boilermaker set a Big Ten record. “Stretch” Murphy totalled 145 points that sea-
son to lead the field.
Murphy’s record was topped the next year, 1932, when Johnny Wooden, All-American guard, set the record at 154. In 1934, when the Boilermakers set a new high for team scoring in a season with 512 points, Cottom took the individual honors. Strangely enough, while the team was a high scoring quintet, Cottom’s conference mark was only 120
points.
Haarlow Leads In 1935 Haarlow of Chicago stepped in the next year and led the Big Ten, but for the last three years the leaders have been Kessler in 1936, and Young in 1937 and 1938. Twice the Boilermakers have approached their own team high of 512 points in a season. In 1937 they wound up with 511 points, just one point shy of the record, and this season duplicated last year’s total of
511.
Northwestern men have led the Big Ten scorers twice in these 15 years, as have Indiana players, but Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Minnesota have not had a leader in that time.
BASKETBALL Ward 2 took the WAA basketball laurels by defeating the Pi Phi’s by the score of 32-10 yesterday afternoon. VOLLEYBALL Winning the right to play in the volleyball finals for class championship, the freshmen defeated the sophomores 30-29, and the juniors trounced the seniors 32-17. The finals will be played this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Class basketball practice will be held Monday and Tuesday for the last time this season. The freshman and senior practice will be at 4 p.m. and the sophomore and junior practice will be at 4:30, both days. Participation in two out of three practices and the intramural tournament is required for class basketball.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America. Salaried positions. No special experience necessary. Send dime (handling charge )today for astonishing information. South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louisiana.
LOST—Van Buren wrist watch in Michael Golden Shops. Reward. Call 65982 after 6 p. m.
President Robert M. Hutchins of the University of Chicago believes schools of journalism are “the -shadiest educational ventures.”
WASHING AND IRONING Student or family. Phone 41584.
FOR RENT—Room, with single beds. $10. Telephone 35764.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 2,082.106 YELLOi^OLE
?j25
New way of burning tobacco — better, cooler, cleaner. Carburetor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl absolutely dry. Treated with honey. Get the genuine.
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
‘‘DEACr Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTEPS Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. KUK DB. HAROLD J. USK DR. ROBRBT G. RISK DR. LirraCBR A. BUK 4th A Main Phone 5701 — Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Aatomobila k«r uid lock Mrrlce oar ■pcclaUjr. L. C. N. Door Cloacr DIatribatora 208-211 N. Sth St, Phone 2828
HardwarB'
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN — Beauty Studio — • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Florist
fiidhJ'Jbrd&i Inc. «U Mala 8L la Lana Tkootaa BoUdlac Phone 7855-^-8050I
1
When You Attend—
ee
JSi
in^
MARY ED JOHNSTON, Sci. ’4D, prominent in prcrions campus productions, who will plaj the role of secretary to the president’s wife . . . no romance with the president >n\olv cd
Please notice the best dressed men in the audience. You can be sure they are outfitted by GULLION'S. • SOCIETY BRAND SUITS • ARROW SHIRTS
^juUwnX. INC.
Congratulations to both
Cast and Producers
And speaking of producers — we want you to know where to have dented fenders REPRODUCED so that they look new. Not only dented fenders, but we'll also make your car PRODUCE more speed and power. For anything in the automotive line, see
ALBERTA SCHMADEL, Sci. ’41, who will play the role of Diana Deveraux, the French beauty. She is defeated in the bathing' beauty contest to find presidential candidate, SAL PALMA, a wife.
PETER ANDERSON COMPANY 525 Alabama Phone 4048
Congratulations
FOR THE SUCCESS OF THE THE SEASON
Catch up on your reading by stopping in to see our latest supply of new books—you'll find a nice selection.
Come in and see our array of office supplies, stationery and novelties.
DECKER'S
BENTON H. “BENNY” BURNS, For. ’40, who plays the part of the silver voiced secretary to the president . . . his speaking part consists chiefly of “Yes, sir!”
WHILE CONGRATULATING THE CAST AND STAFF
‘Vf ULee J Sinf
We wish to remind you that we have in stock tennis rackets, tennis balls, badminton rackets, and shuttlecocks. Seniors, now is the time to leave your ordet for cap and gown. Get the best and a perfect fit!
Book Store
a
0^ JhsuL 9 Suijq^
99
”Of Thee I Sing” is a Pulitzer Prize Play, having played on Broadway for more than two years. It follows John P. Wintergreen’s campaign for President with the slogan 'Tut Love in the White House”.
A National Committeeman exclaimed "What you need for an issue is something everybody can get excited about and yet something that really doesn't make any difference”. It is decided the candidate shall marry the winner of a beauty contest after proposing to her in every state in the Union. All this causes much international complication. Interwoven into the play are the comic adventures of Alexander Throttlebottom, the new Vice President, seeking recognition.
Take a Cab For
44
Of Thee
I Sing
Regardless of the WeatherBe Comfortable in a
SAL PALMA, Sci. ’39, mighty orator and spellbinder who takes the lead. President Wintergreen, in the forthcoming All-Cam-pus production, “Of Thee I Sing.”
5023 Yellow Cab 307i
It Pays To See “0/ VLe J Sin^
IT PRVS TO PflTROniZE n RCLIRBIE CLCnnER
Here's dry cleaning service thaf will spruce up that spring wardrobe with complete satisfaction and at amazing saving.
MARJORIE STARRET, HE ’41, who will be Mary Turner, a secretary, at the beginning of the play’and will wind up as the wife of presidential candidate, SAL PALMA.
West Side Cleaners