i, * ;, 'v* r ’’
' •>
[ J
HMn am II ■■■
Ur, t. C. clliott To
• •>
\ ^ ' -*■ J?'
RiBfvrns From War
Post For Lecture
Established 1889
e Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 36
We$f' Lafeyetfe, Indiana
Friday, |uly 31, 1942
fxppnent To Hold Victory Songfelt Advertising, Sporf Variety Program
Call-Outs Today Staff Members Will Explain Work At Meetings In Fieldhouse, Union
To feature Tomorrow
Presidertt'E. Elliott will be the featured speaker at a special convocation to be held today at 11 h. m. in the Music Hall. All classed will be dismissed at lOrdiO and all activity* in the Union wifi cease at 10:45 in order that students may hear Hr. Elliott'6 talk cm “The Student’s PaVt in the War.” In his talk it ii^ expected that the President will discuss such things as the oj^ortunities and status of students who enter industry, the latest information on selective service and the intricacies of the many re-
the
Stewart Will Direct Audience, Glee Club In Special Songs; Doors O^en At 7:15
By Walt Rafert
serve plans now offered by different branches pf the service.
Ralph Deusteif, president of
the Student War Council which is sponsdring the convocation, will introduce the President and Albert P. Stewart, who will lead the j University Glee Club in two numbers, will lead the
audience in group singing. Elliott Returned yesterday
Dr. Elliott retip'ned to the cam-
By Sally Beall A combination of barber shop harmony, old-fashioned ballads, love songs and cowboy songs pus yesterday by air from WashingWith several existing and future vacancies as bait, the ad- by the audience along with special numbers by the Men’s Glee Club will be featured at the where he has,^prved during the vertising and sports staffs of the Exponent will hold call-outs “Victory Songfest” to be held tomorrow night in the Music Hall. The doors will be open weeks g? coordinator of today at 4 p.'m. for freshman and sophomore workers. Those at 7:75, with the program scheduled to start at 8 o’clock.* ‘ th^colteg^s^an^m^Xsitiel^oTt^ interested in the sports staff will meet with the sports editors The variety program, which is scheduled to last about an hour and one-half, will be open nation. 'j, in room 101 of the Field House, while the advertising staff to the general public ^nd all students and service men in the vicinity have received a special In addition to ^ first job on the will explain their duties in room 303 of the Union. invitation to attend. War Man Power Commission, Dr. Students who come out now will be eligible for junior and A1 Stewart will serve as head man for the evening, directing the Glee Club in one of their
few appearances since winning
Dr. E. C. Elliott
senior jobs after working for two semesters tion, elections will be held
For the dura-
each semester to give students ^ially hard hit by the summer vacawho drop out for a semester tion and the Navy, for it lost two the same opportunities as of its four elected juniors, and there those who go straight through. sophomores to compete for
Those who take up advertising work will have an excellent chance to show,their mettle. Because of the war and its priorities, merchants have fewer articles to sell and, consequently, less money to spend on advertising what th4y do have to sell. This does not make it entirely impossible to eell space, but it does offer a very thorough course in ways of over-
coming sales resistance. Ad Men Need Originality
Ad men are not required to do all of the lay-out work for the ads which they sell, 'but they are expected to show a reasonable ambunt of originality I in inventing ways of drawing ads ttiat appeal to the mer-
chanti
The sports staff has been espe-
vacancies semester.
Cover Athletic Events
Using the power of the press to get past closed doors and ticket takers, members of the sports staff attend and cover intercollegiate athletic events held on other campuses as well at |his University. Intramural sports are handled by the sports staff writers, who also have opportunities to meet coaches, players and any other visiting big shots in the world of sports who
happen to visit the campus.
Previous expeiience in writing is not essential, for the man with a moderate amount of imagination who will appear consistently on his two working days each week is the one most in demand for the staff.
Marv Smith
More Bluejackets Arrive Oufdoot
For Eledrrdl Training
' Dressed in their Navy blues, 200 sailors arrived here yesterday afternoon from Newport, R. I., and Great Lakfes, 111., to begin a four month’s training course at the U. S. Naval' Traihing School (Electrical), Company 3 will bring the total
number of men in training here to 600.
Union To Award
Free Passes
Inspired by the number of students diawn by the first _ outdoor dance held last month, the Student Union will sponsor a cabaret style
One hundred and twenty-five of the new arrivals came from dance under the stais on Saturday,
the Naval Training Station at Newport, and the remainder from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, near Chicago. Most of the men from Newport have been on furlough, and all have completed eight to ten weeks of pieliminaiy
training at their stations.
The bluejackets unpacked their sea bags following their arrival “aboard ship" in Cary Hall East and Cary Hall West. Each man’s gear included a mattiess, blankets, sheets, pillow, two suits of blue uniforms and two to four suits of whites, towels, underwear, socks, hats, shoe and toilet kits, and a
Col. J, W. Wheeler Abigiied Th W#
August 8.
This dance will be held, as was the first one, on the women’s tennis coiil'ts, and the Union has guaranteed that something will be done to make the cisuits a little smoother
in order to eliminate wear and tear student War Council.
runner-up honors in the National Collegiate Glee Club Contest in New Yo^k in May, in addition to leading the community singing. The group will present a program of special and novelty numbeis and will feature Marvin Smith, tenor soloist, in what may be his last singing appearance before he enters the Army Air Coips. Smith accompanied the Glee Club to New York where he was lauded by contest judges after singing seven encores following his performance with the Glee Club in Carnegie Hall, and received an offer from Fred Waring, who sponsored the National Contest, Previous connections with the Army prevented his remaining in New York to turn
professional.
‘^This Is My Country,” patriotic song introduced and featured by Waring’s organization, has been selected as theme f9r the Songfest, and will be featured here by the Glee Club as a number in which the audience will participate.
Feature Popular Songs
Words for the community singing will be projected on the Music Hall screen. Stewart will direct vocal ^ efforts of the spectators in “Deep in the Heart of Texas,” “Jingle, Jangle, Jingle,’’“One Dozen Roses,” “God Bless America,” “Sweet Adeline,” “Love’s Old Sweet Song,” “Bicycle Built for ’Pwo,” and “The Star Spangled Banner.” Following a “warm-up” period, soloists will be selected at random from the audience to display their lespective tal-
ents on old favorites.
The Glee Club will present “All Through the Night,” “01’ Man River,” and “I Got Plenty
Nuthin’
Lt.Col.Kinnaid
To Sppak At Banquet
ScaNbard Ai^ Blade Will Hold Initiation Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, will hold its summer initiation banquet next Tuesday s night at 6 in the West Faculty Lounge of
the Union.
Lt, Col Kinnard, a new member of the military staff, will be the principal speaker ait the meeting
Director Stewart
i^blq^L'^ohn < W|v|iebleir» J of Clown Point, C.E. ’16, has been assigned to the tdsk of 'helping to build the new Alaskan Highway, part of which lies in Canada. The project which is of the greatest military impoitance to allied nations
on shoe leather.
Award Comps To Future Mixers In addition to smoother dancing the Union is also giving four comps to future mixers. These wilj fie awarded to the four persons who make the highest scores at a Union
Rozier W. Levering Named University Protection Officer To Oraginze Faculty As Disaster Squads Further steps in the University’s efforts to meet any possible war time emergencies became known today with the announcement Ihht Rozier W. Levering of this city, 1908 electiical engineering graduate, had been named plant protec-
Qj..tion officer for the Univeisity. His
in addition to numbers appointment was announced by R. featuring Smith’s solo work. The T. Hamilton, supei intendent of program is being sponsored by the Physical plant, under whose direc-
tion Levering will work. Until recently the new appointee was an administrative officer of the Lafayette office of WPA. '
/
Lt. Col. Johnston Speaks To AlChE
To Have Charge Of Campus Police
national roster lyhich lists 500,000 . professional me^^, and specialists; the Procurementi ’ and Assignment Office which selects surgeons and physicians for military gervice; anfi the United States. Qffice of Education’s program fo|s engineering, science and ipianggement defense
.^training. . .
Program Will Bc; Streamlined The War Council will not appear on the stage apd jbhe prpgram has been streamlined, jn order that Dr. Elliott may have as much time
possible for his talk.
All of the 600 aadors station at
the University and o’tfiers in Army, Navy or Air Corps training schools on the campus hay,e been invited to attend the convocation and are ex-
pected to appear ill a body. Students Urged Atf;end
The War Coupcjl urges all stu- which, follows -the dinner. Col. Kindents to attend apd help welcome nard received his AB degree at Dr. Elliott back tp the campus on Texas Christian University in 1903 his first appearai^pe before the stu- and his LLD from Cumberland Uni-
dents since leavipg the University, versity in 1905. The convocation lyfil not be broad- Saw Overseas Service
cast over WBAA. After graduation he practiced AI . law until May, 1916, when he re-
turned to the army and saw service
overseas in the first World War. After March, 1939, he was sta-
tioned with the Field Artillery in Uawgii and was there during the treacherous attack on Pearl Harbor. Col. Kinnard had received his orders to leave the islands before the attack and shortly afterwards he assumed his duties here as a member of the ROTC. ‘ Deuater To Act As Toastmaster '
Ralph" Deuster will be the toast-
master at the banquet and Max Spencer will welcome the new initiates into the organization. Gil Wolter will respond for the pledges and Col. Beere wifi make a few re-
marks.
Federal laboratories for conduct- Formal initiation will be held ing research m controlling the crop- Tuesday at 4:30 p. m. in the Aimdestroying corn borer have been ory. Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of moved to Lafayette from Toledo, the poultry department and a memOhio. Three experts on the corfi her of the University Battery which borer problem are already at work went to the Mexican border in 1916, m this laboratory, and they wifi will be initiated as an associate
soon be joined by three others. member.
“This move should be helpful in All active, honorary and associate
Marriage
CouFap
Students who wii^h te make application for nexftlemeBter’s marriage course sigp.up jn Dr. WHkening’s office in Administration Building before August IS.
—WILKENJNG
Federal Corn Borers Laboratories Move
To University
As plant protection officer, Mr.' that it wifi permit the federal gov- members of the organization fure
Levering will have chaige of the campus police force and civilian de-
Lt. Col. W. A. Johnston, head of
,the thiid and fourth Civilian Pro-
mven e game resem ing a cioss tection schools here at the Univer- fense work on the campus. Lever-
between shuflleboard and horseshoe ., . . .. „
nitchinff Exact lenath of court and “ meeting ot the have charge of campus ^ . , . , , \ f ! AIChE Wednesday night at 7:30 in , j ^ -x
in the present war, is being pushed size of discs have not yet been de- Building pailang and student car registrahammpek, although they wifi sleep to completion as rapidly Us possible, teimined, but the scores will be tion.
in bunks rathei than hammocks while at the University. > Cla?aes in alectiical theory, elec
Colonel Wheeler was commander
kept in shuffleboard style.
The entire meeting was devoted
to Colonel Johnston’s talk, and fol- County-Wide Defense Program
of the H3th engineers of the In- . Having moved the mixers out- lowing the talk a discussion period
campus civilian de-
ernment to utilize the fine facifitipa urged to attend,
of the University-extepsion service and in cooperation with related state officials and farm organizations in Indiana and adjoining states where the borer has^mpde; its appearance,” says Representative
Raymond S. Spiinger. ''
Springer said department of agriculture officials had advjsed him
Concert Choir To Sing Monday At Northwestern
Classes in 61fectiical theory, elec- .. , i i .1. • side partly to secure the benefits was held. Johnstfcn started the pi o- n u j. culture officials had advjsed mm Iwenty-mne members 01 the Unitrical laboratory, wiring laboratory, diana national guard when the regi- partly to beat the gram with a film on chemical war- x? T^rogram, which will be part would be financed versity Concert Choir will appear • todl laboratory, and mathematics ment became a part of the regular Union promises tempeia- fare combat work. Preceding the ? ippecanoe coun y ^ up, - ... . . ._ t ..xi_._ t»_,i
will open on the campu? Monday, according to Lieut. Commartder Hdrbejt M. Hart, commandant of the school. An oiientation meeting will be held Friday morning to explain the purpose and scope of the
training.
Successful completion of ,the course by the bluejackets will qualify them to perform electrical duties, while those who make the best Bchplastic records may xeceive the lating of electrician’s njate third class when they complete their 16 weaks tiainjng. The Naval Train-
army and began training at Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Later transferred to other duties, he is now connected with one of the important task confronting the vVar department. Former University Trustee Wheeler is a former University trustee and a foi mer member of the board of trustees for the past five years, his term expiring July 1,
1942.
In the first Woidd War, Colonel
tures 10 to 20 degrees cooler than the ballrooms, in addition to a breeze for all dancers instead ot only those who stay in fropt of the ventilators. 'J
Refreshments will be served at the usual prices at tables around
the coux't. Admission will be $1.10, meeting,
and dancing will last from 8:30 to 11:30. The name of the band will be
announced later.
film an informal talk on incendiaries and war gases was held. A long discussion and question period followed this and the program was concluded with a film on incendiaries and their proper tieatment. Approximately 300 persons attend-
faculty and employees will be organized into disaster relief squads. These groups of six men each, all of
Alpha Tau Omega social fraternity, announces
Lions' Convention Delegate Returns Louise Rubenkoexxjg, selected delegate frotn Lgfayette tQ' repiesent
ut of $2P0,000 which remained in Lutkin Hall on the Northwestern
, . , , ... , xtom an appropriation which Con- University campus in Chicago at gamzed into disaster relief squads. department last 8:30 Mtoday evening at the closing
year. session of the Conventiim of the
whom are to be selected on a vol- ' . p . , x National Association of Choir Diunteer basis, will operate on a call Comdinate W Stewart, director of the system much as do the civilian air They also told h^ra that the de- president of the asso^ Xaid wardens, auxiliary firemen and partment would work out a plan m j ^ y, , ftwndav policemen. The disaster squads will which facilities of state govern- ^^^d^ over the S be trained in first aid by the Stu- ments and farm organizations vention Sunday and Monday. ' dent Health Service, which also will would be cooidmated with federal . . .
aid in an effort to avoid duplication The choir wxll smg a variety proof effort and expense. Sram about an hour and a half in
, , , . f XL X -x - X 1 X length to close the convention. The*
used as ambulances m case of They say that it is too late now
catastrophe. Dr. S. J. Miller wifi be to do much about the early crop , n x ivr j
in direct charge of five trucks that and too early to determine the effect
be tiaining similar crews in first aid to man five trucks that may be
ambulances in case of
ing School here opened June 1, and Wheeler served 22 months in the . . . social fraternity, announces egate from Lgfayette tq. repiesent into first aid ambu- bore will have on the late cwn. chaperonage of has a ouola of 800 men. i United States Army as a captain, the election of^the following officers the Lions’ Club Convention at To- i^^nces in a few minutes, and the Their efforts at present are directed ^ Commander J. C. Wobb. Bureau 9th mounted engineeis. While a for the coming semester: William ronto, returned fiatiifday. special ambulance crews will work primarily at the study of the meth^ Marvin Smith wifi appear as soloof Naval Personnel, Wa.shington, student at the University he was Miller, president; John McKee, Leaving July 19, she and five through his office. of control already under way m tfie the D C, apd Commander 0. F. Heslar, prominent in athletics, seiving as house manager; Eddie Ridoux, other Indiana girls arrived in To- Capt. K. E. Kline of University laboratory here. - •• Ninth Naval District Training offi- basketball manager in 1916, and he keeper of the annals; Jack Gate- ropto Monday afternoon. They Public Safety Institute., staff, in The experts ask that each farmer cer Great Lakes HI., conf^ied played'on the vaisity football team wood, chaplain; John Stever, usher; spent their time handing out tornato charge of plant protection, has destroy all coin stalks and coarse
vfith Lieut. Commander Hart anij for three years. He is a member of Harold Taylor, sentinel; J'ohn Ely, juice from a booth decor
University officials Wednesday. Phi Kappa Psi.
scribe.
Indiana scenery,
decorated with served as consultant on the new pro- weeds on his fann prior to the first
tection/plan. of May.
rqup, and Arthur Jack-
lin will act as accompanist. 'The program wifi be open to the public and Unive¥sitv.»eA«Htl7ri Kving in the Chicago area/nave been, noti-
fied of the evenLmk.
u
PuMue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial..Pl^ne After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor-in-Chicf
KdUor.
Manff|;inj; Editor ^|7ortR Editor Business Manajrer Circulafion Manager
John F. Amo Don T. Broph} ..John H. Armstroni Robert L. Hadley William D. MUlati
Ken K. GJemn
Cced Editor Alice ChatBeU
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins ' A. V. HiinUr, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. toed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Business Staff Cued Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga, Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Hoskins Issue Editor; Vegh Day Editor: Lauer Sports Editor: Dawson Reporters: Murphy, Jordan, Davis, Miller, Marion, Kimball, SUphe-nson, Ackerman, Scheid.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and it-the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Publishe. on Wednesd-ny. Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum mer- .Renust-:r and doily except Monday during the fall an winter .‘^f-nnsters. Delivered locally by currier for $1.25 fc summer Remopter; mailed subscription $1.50. Repre.sented for national, advertising by National AdvertiP ihg Servic(>. Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 42 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
omen
in the War
U. S. Civil Service Creates War Jobs
Senior Coeds Will Wear
Red Cross Graduates Bd ■ .1 ■ ' 10'; '-fFrom ‘Canteen Course*
Being assigned to a special air-ambulance service,
For College Women Corduroy Skirts
Red Cross activities here have extended their work to include the teaching of “Canteen Management and Cppking’’.,
Many Civil Service positions exist ' a meeting of the Gold Peppers, Anyone, including COeds, who has studied nutritions previous- ; the first‘'flying-nurse” to be inducted into the Army, in Washington, D.C., and through- activities honorary, it was, decided eligible to take this dourse.
Air Corps was stationed at Randolph Field, Texas, o^t the United States for women, that senior coeds should have some -school started May 18 and continued until last
\
recently
Her Name Not Public
While her name was not made public. Army Nurse
Headquarters at the field indicated that she was one tion, economics,
of fifty registered nurses who were being recruited
from stewardesses who are emplpyed by the civil $2,000 air transport lines. All of the nurses thus enrolled best position pay $2,000 will be trained at Randolph Field, learning there to year. There are positions at $1,800
Particularly desired, are women significant wearing apparel to cor whpu thp final pxamination was ffiven trained in the fields of public ad- respond to the senior cords. The Monday When tne, nnal examination wag ,glV ministration, business adpiinistra- coeds decided on beige corduroy approximately nity women in
library science,
statistics and mathematics.
There werp.
skirts, which are to be worn by any the clasS. The classes were senior coed. each two hours long and ten
Dottie Weber reported that
L U. Offers Clerical Positions To Women
, 1 ., .p iu meetings were the requiresupply would be available for these , - , .l- a gaa-ments, and Gold Peppers will lUGnts for graduations. As
in a down town honorary consideration to these
L’filled by the eligibles Who do not store by Saturday. Any other senior women, they are permitted to wear
the higher paid positions, coed who wishes to do so may place the Red Cross veil and service pin. versity are open to all women who...
are interested and eligible. , , ,.. The starting salaries for these
, . , .1. . V ’ V A-,. 4. J $1 620. and $1,440 a year that will place their orders work in the hospital planes that have been constituted Lr.uIJl .i^ Uv .q,nt„vrlnv
as a regular unit in the Army’s medical cobrps.
“Home Repairs” .Course if they are willing to accept the an order at this time The Oflice of Givilian Defense is now offering a lower salary .Applicants should in- Supplies wil^ be available at a course in “Home Repairs” to teach the housewife to dicate in'their applications the low'- later date for those who wish to care for and repair ordinary household items. From est salary they areWilling to accept, order cord skirts then. 75 to 7,000 women are now enrolled in five courses These appointments will be ^^
in New York City gaining this instruction. known as war service appointments Housewives will be taught to conserve strategic and generally will be for the duramaterials necessary in war. They will also be taught tion of the war. In no case will they to repair wires, irons, and other electrical equipment, extend more than six months belt will be emphasized when and when not to fix things yond the end of the war. ,
Applicants should be able, under 01 the positions.
supervision, to perform profession-
Secretarial, stehographical, and clerical positions at Indiana'' Uiii-
Miss Clark Heads Course
Ruby Clark, of Institution Man- f^om $70 to $10,0 , agement department, was at the per month with the possibility for'
Guidance For Girls Le,s£ than 30 percent of the 100,000 womer who were graduated ^rom colleges this year have majordd in fields directly usable to the war effort, according tq the American Council on Education in "Washington. At a time when the services of women are nfeeded in war industry there should be a greater number of college women who are fitted for loositions in which there are shortages. A more individual and poistive vocational guidance program in the colleges woulc help to remedy the situation. Ma,ny coeds w'hose abilities make them fitted to fill thesf shortages drift into overcrowded fields mostly because of incompetent vocational guidance. •Purdue has the facilities for training women in many specialized fields in which the managements are begging for workers. Physicists, chemists, mathematicians, teachers, pharmacists, psychiatric social workers, econorhists, laboratory assistants, information specialists and technicians are all in demand Many-of these positions can be filled by women, For instance, in physics, 67 percent of the positions could be filled by women while only 2 percent are. . Some sort of a vocational guidance prograir administered by a wide-awake person in toucl witli current and post-war needs could be very lielpful to girls. Such a person should take into consideration the abilities and aptitudes of the individual and suggest a few fields in which this girl could be an asset in the war effort. With careful counseling a girl can be directed into fields where her services will be useable. Girls especially need an advisor to persuade them of the value of higher education and to direct them into fields in which there are shqrtage.s. A counselor could be of great use to the coeds themselves, to industry and to the United States by guiding women into fields where they can contribute to the war effort.^—a.c. War Curtails Work Of Home Designers • Iriteiior decoration i.? one of the few field.s open toj w^nipn which is being affected unfavorably by the^ v.'ar. Peo])Ie foiced to stay at home by the lack of transporlation may get an urge to redecorate their Iiomc-.s; but with priorities competing for the available materiats, their uiges and consequently the interior decorator’s salary aii-e considerably curtailed. A complete course in interior designing, as the woi'lc is called technically to distinguish it from int(3rior decorating, th^ job done by the painter, is not olfej-od at this Uni,versity. Students are urged to spend at least a year at an art school or one of the eastern design schools. Jack Of Several Trades However, the interior designer must be a jack of several trades, and courses offered at this University help fill requirements^ for some of these trade.s. She fdiould be a college graduate with special training in ai'chitecture and the arts, |both industrial and fine. A goqd foundation in history is important, for history and customs of people throughout all time have governed the trend of decorations and furnishings. Fii'st of all the successful interior designer must be .a good salesperson; for no matter how good her id(das are, they have to be sold and usually directly to the customer. Salaiies are usually on the comii'ii.ssion basis; so it is up to the worker to sell her piifauct. Originality, Creativeness : She must have originality and creative ability, for vtii y few people will want their homes to look exactly as Some one elses or the model home as shown at the latest woild’.s fair. She must have a working knowledge of architecture, since it is the designer who muko.s the contact with the draftsman, the architect and the client. She must be able to speak the language of each. She will have tq work from blue prints for new homes, and she will have to sketch
stressing that an expert is necessary in some circum-
stances.
Voluhteer Nurses
Because the regular staff of nurses has been dimin-
jished in many communities training of women work-
irs to fulfill nursing needs is in progress. In New York City, each of the volunteers has re-
vived eighteen hour training course, and contributed
head of this instruction course and advancement with a salary up fjo ——— ^ r was assisted by Edith Gamble, pgj^, ^oath.
eral test, which will consist of ques- Institution Management, and ]viinimum Requirements ^ tions designed to test their general Huffman. minimurh requirement for, knowledge and their aptitude for Miss Clark lecture on the buying stenogxaphic or clerical positions learning and adjusting to the duties of foods, food preparation, and fig- is graduation from an accredited
. uring food costs. Miss Gamble lec- high school with a major in the field
The applicants must submit with tured on meal planning and organ- of business education or it.s equiva-
al,‘sub-professional, technical, semi- their application fo’rms, a list of iz_ation, while Miss Orpha-Huffman lent in specializedtraining andex-
te^^hnica^l, or clerical work requiring all college courses completed, giv-
specialised knowledge in connection with various governmental ac-
tivities. ' Must Be ,College Graduates To apply for these positions, all
ing for each course the title, num- ^hersa Bell, physical educa- for the secretarial positions is colher of semester credits received, tion, discussed“Aecident Preven- lege graduation or its equivalent.
the name of the in.stitution in which
it was taken, and the date by month depaitment,
44. i„4.,.-i “Food Contamination
and year when it was completed.
1 minimum of nine hours weekly at city schools or -women must have successfully com- All courses
tion.” Dr. S. E. Hartsell, of the All women must take a merit ex-
lectured on amination and admission for the
Contamination and Sanita- examination will be by card. Before
related subjects ' ' the examination is taken the appli-
Jinics inspecting boys and girls who need medical pleted all requirements for gradua- should be grouped together. With Emergency Meal Planning cant must fill out a form acquu^ ittention. • tion With a degree in a college of those in the major ind the minor A requirement of the course was at the Personnel Division, Room , this group makes the appointments for the people, recognized standing, or they must subjects appropriately indicated as to complete a project that would be ^nivmSS'^SoomhTg^^^^^^ or"wSe
akes the introductory health history on the official be senior students expecting to com- such. ^ beneficial to emergency meal planards and goes through the routine tasks of prelimi- plete all requirements for gradua- Applications will be accepted ning. These women received periary to actual examination, tion with a degree at the end of until August 27, and forms may he mission to make a survey of the
„ ' 1 4J • 1 the summer session. obtained at any post office, or by various places in Lafayette and
1 y nuises aie lus ree or puie y pi^o essiona a written test is required which writing the United States Civil West Lafayette that had a kitchen
,0,-k .n vilal fade, as av.a ,on plane and boat build- . in -SepLibe.-, Tho Service Commission, Washington,
ng, and radio coding as well as the garment and food .. . i -t-. rs Y , . . ,, u J J competitors will-hd-rated on a gen- D. C.
ndustries where they are so badly -needed. ^
Yomen’s Advisory Committee
According to Dr. Minnie Maffett, president of the 'National Federation of Business and Professional Yemen’s clubs, the United States piost potent “secet” weapon in the war just now is American women, jhe urged formation of a women’s advisory commitee to help the War Manpower Board on all plans
ind policies affecting mbhilization of women. Upward Marriage Tyerid , r
Assistant Dean Coolidge Remembers Names Easily
By Pat Gaylord
As assistant dean ol; women, Clare A. Coolidge is well-known
Continuing the upward trend of marriages which to the University coeds. Her many dutie.s lead to an eventual
jin farm ranks left by men, will begin soon when Tomato-picking reachies its peak. Wages are the same for Women as for men in this type of work.
They are urged to help if possible.
! ■ - • Cliem Experimenter Finds Lab Exciting
tarted three years ago with the outbreak of the var, the present rate is the highest ever recorded in .he United States, being 12.6 per 1,000. This is even higher than during World War I.
Bad Farm Situation
The farm labor situation in this state is becoming the course of college life. Busy jincreasingly worse, J. B. Haight, of the Indianapolis as she is, Miss Gollidge is allEmployment Service, said recently. Probably a state- ^ays accessible always ready jwide recruitment of women and youths to fill the gaps ^ j sympathetic ear and
to advise when she can. Her amazing faculty for remembering names is a bright spot in the life of the freshman girl, who has the comforting assurance that at least one person on the campus knows her name
and is interested in her.
Friendly, Modest
A friendly, poi.sed, active person, Miss Coolidge is modest in describ-
By Pat Miller ing her training and activities, has
We like chemistry. We like it very much. The httle to say-about herself. After thing that is troubling us is why we like it. Here gi'aduation f^'oiff college, she taught is the case. fora time in seconddfry schools. She After struggling into our lab apron, the strings then attended the teachers’ college of which are knotted because we didn’t finish our Columbia University, and did experiment last time until two minutes before we work in student personnel were supposed to be across the campus taking a-^*^*'^**'*®^*'^*'*‘^'^' Upon completing test, we started struggling with our combination lock. work she came to this campus. Locks eWranteed Foolproof where she has been'since then, and These locks are guaranteed to be fool-proof be- her sizable job is her chief
cause even the lab instructor.s can’t open some of '
them when they have the correct combination, when Outside of her work, Dean Coolwe forget it, and which lapse of memory costs us names-reading as her favorite fifteen cents. occupation, noting especially fiction After putting on our apron and thereby getting current history. She is wellmuch hotter than we already are (at the farthest ''Eoimed and actively interested in table from the windows), we open the windows which ‘^viient pioblems, including the are always kept shut and turn on our Bunsen burner women in the war. While to cool things off. in New York Miss Coolidge took Next comes the chemical treasure hunt. The idea in amateur theatricals, a sidoof the game is to find- all the things’that have gotten interests her very much,
out of place and then find some one to fill the bottles
because they ai'e usually empty.
Hydrogen Gets All Over
When the experiment finally starts to work and hydrogen begins to come out, hydrogen comes out all over the place and so much of it escapes that the lighter-than-air-craft stations should ^hire us to make their craft go higher because we produce so
much extra hydrogen.
We can also produce hydrogen by putting sodium on water, but that is expensive because we are also afraid that the glass dish is going to explode which would cost us, which makes us bite off the fingernail we had been saving to show Aunt Camilla.
How To Burn Sugar
Last week we had to put sugar in a tube and burn I Fine jewelry at Moderate Price 1
it, just as though we didn’t find out what burnt sugar was back in the days when jig-saw puzzles first came out and we were making cake icing and working , a
puzzle at the sam^Aime.
When we have finished our experiment we can start cleaning out the test tube with the burnt sugar in it. We have already tried sudfuric acid in it to loosen the sugar, pardon, carbon, so we think about putting hydrochloric on it and then change our mind
when the lab instructor catches us.
Lab Partner
Of course, after we get the carbon out we can start cleaning the apparatus we used to make iodine the day our lab partner stopped speaking to us, Guess she didn’t like those pretty, purple fumes. (She doesn’t like chlorine, either). One day we emptied some sulfuric,'some blue vitriol, some zinc nitrate, and some chlorine in the sink at the same time. They reacted. (And we always thought that that chlorine smelling stuff was supposed to be yellow instead of a thick white fog that stopped breathing.)
acquaintance with most of the girls on the campus. It is to Miss Coolidge that the girls bring their problems about grades, housing, social life, and any of the hundred adjustments encountered in ^^ —
Home fc Enrollment
Shows Increase
Advance applications for enrollmerit as fre.shmen in the .School of Home Economic.s for the fall term have already been received from approximately 200 girls from thirteen states, according to Dean Mary
L, Matthews.
Advanced applications to date are running ahead of those received at the .same time last year, and a large enrollment is expected because of the shortage of trained women in the home economics fields, particularly in nutrition.
that would be suitable for their use, They found that the YMCA, Community House, Monon Shops, various churches and clubs had kitchens which they might use in case of an emergency. They, also, put on their list the Worhen’s Residence Hails and the Home Economics kitchens. The women drew a lloor plan of each kitchen and made a list of tho equipment. They made a map showing the locations of these buildings to help them in their
work.
Although they have not had much practical experience in cooking, they have done some on Friday mornings in the Home Economics kitchen. They also observed the work of those who wore cooking and discussed the improvements that could he made. Divided Into (Iroups Next week they are going to be organized into six groups of eight each. They are going to be divided into the groups according to their availability to call. This course is designed to train canteen workers Who are able to set up emergency meals for firemen, air raid workers, rc.scuo crews and homeless people. They should be able to take over the feeding of people in large scale epidemics. Another school of instruction willbe started in the late fall.
MARS SATURDAY
Her numerous duties leave little time for such hobbies now, however. As advisor to the 400-odd girls attending the University, Miss Coolidge has a big job, one that I'equ'ires tact ahd experience and gi'eat patience. That she succeeds is testified by--the number-of coeds who turn at once to Dean Coolidge
for help and advice.
Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St.
LUMA TODAY-SAT. . . 2 HITS
yiyy vfUisrAMn mimos t nii mAJU/
Col. Manny PRAGER and his Orchestra Stage Shows at 3:30-5:40-7:50- 10
IASI COMPIETl SHOW AT 10 P. M.
ALL NEW!
— ON THE SCREEN
ALL DIFFERENT! — COME EARLY — ALL SEATS Tax 11:30 to 1:30 ^ ^ >nc.
ALL SEATS 1:30 to 5:00
40«
Tax Inc.
5:00 P. M. to CLOSING Balcony 40e Tax Inc. Main Floor 50c Tax Inc.
LAST TIMES TODAY FRANK CRAVEN MARY HOWARD — IN—. "Thru Diferent EyesO"
the Personnel Division a letter givingia brief resume of his required education and experience. A card of admission will then hemailed to the applicants. An application form may be filled ovit immediately before or after the examination. A small picture of the .ap- , plicant which has been taken within ; the last two years is required. , ,
Irene Feldt
. .. head of the Placement Service for Women, has recently returned from New York and has been spending the last few weeks,of her vacation at homo. -
I DEFECTIVE P'ET'ECTIVl! ooEs
TODAY-TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE — The Laugh Rampage o( the Season'— THE GHOST COMES HOME with FRANK MORGAN BILLIE BURKE —PLUS— GALLAi^T LADY with ' SIDNEY BLACKMER ROSE HOBART
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
THE BIG LAUGH SHOW IS HEBEll Thankt, BUI and Myrna lor a grand j entarlainmentl
PUWlilLIL am m/imr with Frank McHUGH Edmund LOWEWtiday^ijuly 31 1942
■/HIi>v C’^'u '*' >i"^«^fj.i ‘ ^ 4 '' ^ , 1' ' ^ /\ "‘I'-C.v-SoUermdKet Sports ’ -■■ . (
Aggie Football/Mentor im schedules
To Cbach All-Star Team
Finals In Chipping Contest Scheduled For Next Monday
'' Homer rii Norton, head gridiron mentor for the powerful Texas Aggies, Ws again selected to coach the All-Staf eleven against the Chicago Bears ,professidnal champions, in Sol-
diers’ Field,’Chicago, August 28.
- Serving his‘second straight yeaf as pilot for the collegiate aggregation against the hard
liitting pro/gridders, Norton yi^ae first to^be named for the Staif of four university men-
tors,
T^iree Championships
r Coach Norton, who also
serves as athletic director at Something entirely new here at Texas Agricultural and Mechanical the University, namely an AllCollege (sometimes referred to as Campus Golf Chipping Contest is the “Athletic and Military School”) t'eing run off at the present time has led three Aggie combinations in with the finals scheduled for next the past three years to champion- Monday evening. Here is a chance ships in the Southwestern confer- those students and faculty ^ce. members to show their skill at ap-
Big John Pounds Norton
-Big John Kimbrough, line smash- ^
ing A. & M. fullback from West qualification for this event Texas, pounded the Norton opposi- Intramural
tion lines and the southern coach Saw his team enter the annual Cotton Bowl Classic at Dallas in 1940. Kimbrough and Norton added glory to the militant Texans by sweeping the Fordham Rams, 13-12, before
60,000 frenzied fans. Alabama Stops Him
All those entered in the AllCahipus Golf Tournament, please contact your opponent as sopn as possible as the first rouiid matches mK^st be played before August 3rd;
Qports Communique^ ATO, TKE Teams Remain O In First Place Deadlotk
A lot of Chicago Cub fans hre sitting around wishing that the present series with the Dodgers wasn’t taking place at the latter’s home field in
the sedond "round must b^ played Brooklyn. League President Frick presented a special memorandum to
beford Aug. 6th; the third round the general public to the effect that furtherance of the bean-ball cam- a4l?»« must be played before Aug. 10 and paigu started in the recent Chicago series would i«esult in the appear- games. Ine TKlb S took tneir loth Win Irom the BAIbS,
the finals before Aug. 16. After you *1*^*^® concerned on the National League carpet, immediately in front 12 to 7. havd played your match, please re- of his desk. In view of the special attention, the action should be worth ~
port your score to the Intramural seeing.
Office, so that we might keep our Old Hal Chase, great fitst baseman back in the days of Ty Cobb and schedule up to date. You will find a Tris Speaker, is battling for his life today. He played for a good many schedule of the play-offs on the years for the Cincinnati Rods and the New Yok Yankees when they Intramural Bulletin Board. were the Highlanders. Wednesday he collapsed from some undetermined illness ^nd at last :i^ei)orts was recovering slowly in an Alameda, The following Paddle Tennis Calif., hospital. Chase,^ at fitst base for New York, one sunny afternoon matches will be played Friday eve- in 1906, made 22. put-outs in one game, a record that still stands today.
He was batting champ one year at Cincinnati with a season average
of .339.
Tau Kappa Epsilon and Alpha Tau Omega softball aggrega> tions remained in a two-way deadlock for first place in the I-M intra-fraternity softball competition after last night’s
Two Homers for Hajzyk
Bob Hajzyk, whose hurling has been responsible for more than one TKE victory, did the bulk of the hitting for the — winners, laying out two home
ning, July 31, at 7:00: Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa.
Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha
Epsilon.
These games are semi-final games and must be played as scheduled.
runs in three trips to the plate. Love and Shramske also did their share, contributing three hits apiece in three
times at bat.
The ATO’s took their 16th from Phi Kappk Tau, 3 to 1'. Gatewood did the pitching for the
In the final playoff of the Cary winners, allowing the Phi K T out-
Unit Five Defeats Two To Win Cary Hail Softball Crown
be at the practice green at the northwest corner of the Intramural Field by not later than 4:00 p. m.
Each Gets 25 Shots
Each contestant will be given 25 shots,from a distance of 50 feet from the cup. In order to not give
The following Badminton Doubles will be played Friday evening, July
31, at 6:30:
Delta Tau Delta vs. Pi Kappa
Alpha.
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
' Again last fall Norton’s squad advantage over won the Southwestern champion- will be pitching
ship, but not so decisively, being ^
defeated by Texas Christian and contestant will pitch
The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Friday eve-
ning, July 31:
Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5. Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 4. Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 2.
gaining a tie with Baylor. Alabama’s Crimson Tide halted A. & M.
five balls in succession after which they will be measured and scored.
irf its second straight Cotton'Bowi repeated five
appearance, in an easy victory, how-
gyer. The shots will be scored in the ^ The All-Star mentor once was following manner: For holing out, line coach under Bo McMillin, of In- eontest<«ana, when the two were at Cen- receive zero points. If he
tpnary. He started his athletic vo-
cptional career as an outfielder at receive one-half Birmingham, Ala., and moved up O"® P®'"* granted for the ladder, playing with Columbus froin
The following Ward
games will be played Monday eve-
ning, Aug. 3:
Diamond
1 Ag. Chem vs. Ward 27. 2 Ward 29 vs. Ward 2. 3 Forestry vs. Ward 1. 4 Ward 9 vs. Ward 21. 5 Ward 26 vs. Dairy.
When the White Sox fibnally elect to win a game they don’t seem to care who they happen to be playing. The Sox managed a trick that most of the teams ahead of them in the official compilations have been notoriously unsuc;cessful at—a double defeat of New York’s cocky Yanks.
Evidently the law of averages finally joined Edgar Smith on the mound. Hall softball title. Unit 5 defeated fit only two hits. The ATO'a will too, as the guy that has probably lost more ball games for want of one Unit 2, 4 to 0, last Tuesday evening finish the season next Tuesday when run this year than any other pitcher in the majors won the night half Intramural Field. The reason they meet the Beta aggregation, of the twilight-night engagement. The win brings his season record there was a playoff was that No games remain on the TKE to 3 wins against 17 losses, which when converted into percentage looks Hive lost a protest game to Six and schedule, which means that unless too much like our own batting average in the interfratemity league. were placed in a tie with Two the Betas upset ATO, the two teams Old Van Lingle Mungo got off to,a not too fiashy start in the uniform Pi^ce. will finish as they stand now. It of the New York Giants as Re was roughly handled by the Cubs and Five scored all their runs in the not been stated officially whethhanded a 4-2 setback. Ther,e was a time, when the speedball artist was fourth inning after two men were er there will be a final playoff if in his prime, and giving Dodger managing division practically all of its out. Two errors by the men of Unit such a thing should occur, alheadaches with his off-the-diamond antics, that Van Mungo would not 2, and three hits enabled Five to though it is quite probable, have gone to work in the Polo Gi;ounds for love or money. Even now a score their runs. A double by Fred- In their game with Kappa Delta great many former fans of the’^firy hurler feel that he lost a lot of pres- I’ickson, and singles by Wallace, Rho last Pight, the Sig Chi’s came tige when he was transferred from the minors to the Giants. Hagerty and Gortese helped Five out on the not-so-long end of a 3 The Indians of Cleveland won a tough pitchers’ battle the other day score their luns. to 2 score. Krumholz did the pitchfrom the Boston Red Sox. It wasn’t quite the ordinary thing in pitchers’ Cooper Is Winning Pitcher winners. The second battles, either. There were 21 bases on balls issued by generous hurlers E(J Cooper pitched for the win- P^^®® Hhi Kappa combination were Softball teams, in thej course of the 11-inning contest. The Red Sox ning nine, allowing but one hit. This ^o^®**®*! fifteenth win by used Chase, Brown, Ryba and Terry on the mound, and Cleveland used was a lone .single in the initial Theta Xi. Lambda Chi Alpha also Dean, Kennedy, Ferrick and Embree. inning by Jack Spence. Jim Stiggle- ^®^iv®‘I ^ I^"®® one from Pi Kappa
' '—r- man of the losers allowed three hits,
all of which came in the important twelve games played
Redbirds in the American Association in 1919, when he turned to col-
legiate coaching. Great Possibilities
Coaching what is conceded as one
the cup. Obviously the lowest score
will win.
The six men with the lowest total following today’s play will fight it out for the championship next Mon-
of the most potential gndiron reams P'. ^ in the Southwest since 1934, Norton ^ given to the winner. Medals ^fes.add»d^to his victory string to- ^ ^ I "f.*. ta) Wistently, which now stands According to the IM office dt 110 victories,'46 losses, and 15 contestants may use their own ^ equipment and cocoa mats will be found at the green for those who ' •'' ' "' should like a little practice.
The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Monday eve-
ning, Aug. 3: '
Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6, Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5. Friday afternoon is the last day
to practice for the All-Campus Golf sbly be played off this coming
Chipping (Appi-oach Shot) Contest, week some time.
Please be at the practice green at Kappa Sigma teani has
had to play two teams twice because of ties to reach the semi-finals, and then beat the Phi
The twelve games played last
Finnic* tuning. The game was a pitcher’s uight were hold-overs from an ear-
fVCff/jpcf Uiy O l ttlatOf duel up tm the last hkf of the third. li®i'date when they had been post-
^ ^ f • "T* • f ■ I Most of the balls that; were hit were Poued because of rain. Dn/ ftJinirt.il I ^'t'ill In infield punches, which were Tau Kappa ^psilon Vi^flf.5, r III l\a^lJa l au >JI.III in easy chances for the infleldeis. Alpha Tau Omega Of the twenty teams which entered the mter-fratermty ^ut fell short as Cooper Theta "Chi golf meet, three remain on the schedule. Phi Kappa Tau and stiuck out the last two men to face Sigma Chi Sigma Chi are holding down positions in the semi-finals while him. Two had the bases full, mainly Phi Kappa Tau ... Kappa Sigma has ^already reached the finals and is waiting walks when Cooper began to Signm Pi
to play the winner of the above two. These games will prob
the northwest corner of the Intiamural Field at 4:00 p. m. The top six men will meet in the finals Monday, August 3, at 6:30 p. m. Each
I aXii >D|iyp^tjL A. RISK 1 DR. LUTHER A. RISK U DRk HAROLD J. RISK
^ DENTISTS —
* 1 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and MalH'SH. Lafayette
round of golf to see who would be represented m the semi-finals and Phi Kappa Tau won out. Thus they will' meet Sigma Chi who defeated Theta Chi to reach their position. The Phi Kappa Tau congiegation is composed of Eden, Davis and Berlick. The Sigma Chi team is
bear down. Cooper faced twenty- Phi Delta Theta two men in five innings apd Stiggle- Sigma Alpha Mu
man was before eighteen in four.
16 16 14 14
.13
13 13 12 12
Alpha Gamma Rho... 11
.888 .888 .823 .777 .722 .722 .722 .705 .666 .641
American cities of 10,000 and more i population are training six men to one wonfan for civilian defense, according to a University of California survey.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
contestant will be given 25 shots Belts to enter the finals. Kappa from a distance of 60 feet from the Sigma tied Sigma Nu in the quar-
yup, pitching from a cocoa mat. ter-finals. The Kappa Sig team is made up of Hudson, Coombs and Five balls will be pitched in sue- composed of Wilkins, Nourse and Nihan. The Phi Delts’ team which cession and the routine repeated 5 Anderson. has been defeated as mentioned times. After each 5 shots the balls The Phi Deltas, who were beaten above, is composed of Hobbs, Ruck
will be scored as follows: Zero by the Kappa Sigs, knocked over and Wagner, points for holing out; one-half point the Theta Xi to reach the position for 6 inches or less; one point for that they held before they themeach foot from the cup. Low score selves were bowled over. Phi Kapwins. pa Tau and Delta Upsilon shot a
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the. EXPONENT
BE WISE
Add life to your clothes with good cleaning. Clothes return your good care by lasting longer. Regular cleaning is one of the best ways to take care of clothing . . . keep your clothes full of life by having them cleaned at
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
Two Games Remain Unplayed In Quarter Finals Of Fraternity Badminton Tourney This evening some of the games in the quarter-finals of the inter-fraternity badminton tournament will be played off in the Fieldhouse. Two games in the second round will also be played. Thus, of the twenty-two teams which entered the
competition, only ten remain.
Six teams have already reached the quarter-finals. They are Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha
Tau Omega, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Theta Chi, Sigma Chi, and Sigma Alpha Mu. The four teams which have not played off their second round games are
Student chapters of the AIChE Delta Tau Delta who plays Pi Kapand^ AIME together with the chem- pa Alpha, and Acacia who wiU play
ical engmeeiing and metallurgical phi Kappa Psi. engineering schools will hold a pic- Advance
nic from 4 to 8:30 tonight at the
county fair grounds The picnic will pj quarter-finals, and
orary, again defeated the Meehan- b® open to all students holding pass- winner of the DeRa ical Engineeiing staff team Wed- po^’ts showing that they are in the Delta Pi K A match to see nesday by the score of 8 to 7 after chemical or metallurgical engineer- semi-finals. The seven innings of savage play. Cer- fS schools and the faculty and Omega outfit, who der
tain fielding aberrations contiibuted families of these two schools, to the staff’s downfall. A fly ball hit Enteitainment will be a softball by Dave Barta diove home the win- game between the students of the ning run for the Pi Tau’s, while two schools, and a game between Weitzel staired for the staff’with the winneis of this game and the
two solid home runs. faculty.
Sports Callout All sophomores and freshmen interested in working on the Exponent sports staff report to the sports office. Room 101, Fieldhouse, at 4 p. m., Friday, for an
introductory meeting.
Chem, Met Schools Will Hold Picnic
Pi Tau Sigma
mechanical engineering hon-
\ ^ ' f
' EVERYONE APPLAUDS—the delicious ice cream sundaes,, sodas, frosts, malteds and milk shakes that the PURDUE UNION —Si4JJ2J2L ShopL^ sells! Come down often—every day—and try our fountain service that is cooling and refreshing!
JhsL ipiVvdjujL Wju/rui^imL lAmmL Just take a walk through the building!
feated the Delta Upsilon duo will meet the SAE’s, who beat Phi Kap-
pa Tau.
Theta Chi beat the Beta’s and thus will play the winner of the Acacia, Phi Psi’s game, to place a team in the semi-finals. Sigma Chi will meet Sigma Alpha Mu in th^ other quaitei-final game. Sigma Chi defeated Alpha Kappa Lambda, while Sigma Alpma Mu beat the
Phi Delts.
Four Teams Remain In Paddle Tennis Play Four fraternity teams remain in the lunning of the inter-fraternity paddle tennis tournament which started last week. Of the twentytwo teams that were originally entered, only Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Phi Kappa and Sigma Chi lemained. Last Tuesday evening, in the Fieldhouse courts. Sigma Chi defeated Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Kappa beat Theta Chi and Sigma Alpha Epsilon knocked over Delta Upsilon to enter the semi-finals. The Betas had already knocked over Sigma Nn to get in the semi-finals. Sigma Chi will have played Phi Kappa and Sigma Alpha Epsilon the Betas by the time this paper has been issued. Thus the winners of these two games will probably play off the finals next Tuesday eve-
ning.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASION
Slue
A<ran Vn« UU«a Suuutia *19 “Dm" Itsb %
'■j.TV Wfm
/I Purdue Expoiieiit
i&y, July 31, 1943
*?«!(•
City-like^^afiifation Iw Defan$a/ Kiine
l ^'l^ch mawstijal plant m zeahty must set up an emeigeney oigan ization comparable to that lequued for an entne city,” declared Capt K E Kline, of the University Public Safety Institute, in the opening ad ziress here Wednesday moiiiing be fore the two day Industiial Piotection School Close to 100 lepresentatives of industries in Indiana, Ohio, Mis souii, Michigan, Illinois, and Minnesota, as well as Amiy and civilian defense leadeis weie legisteied foi the intensive instiuction, which is being held behind closed doozs with only pioperly identified individuals permitted in the class room Capt Kline pointed out that a lllant emergency defense organization must provide for the normal functions of the police, fiie, safety, medical, and engineeiing depaitihents, as well as being pzepared foi emergeheies due to an raids or sabotage The day’s discussions by authorities on industrial piotection were supplemented by films showing actual conditions in plants in combat zones during an raids and gas attacks Waz tiaflfic contzol and car conservation measuies weie outlined by J L Lingo, diiector of the Public Safety Institute, while Majoi W L Gilliland, Chemical Waifare Service, attached to the War Department Civilian Protection School being conducted at the Univeisity, described the effects of war gases fen industrial personnel and machinery and methods of pioviding protection Duiing the aftefnoon, instruction was piovided in patrol problems, blackouts, and camouflage The speakers included Wayne M Timmons, field repiesentative of the industrial protection division of the Univeisity Public Safety Institute, Wid Lt G S Chittick, Chemical Warfare Service To close the afternoon, Pi of P E Soneson, provided an illustrated lecture on ‘‘Pombing Effect on Buildings and Personnel ” \ Tau Beta Pi Names Tweijty^-Five Fle<lges jTau Beta Pi, all engineeiing honorary, announces the election of the following men B E Adams, V L Allwaidt, K L Bakei,R E Boohei, D T Brophy, J E Cettel, G R Coopei, C D Elfvin, R O Fulton, R L Hadley, D E Halt, W E Kremmel, W H Lupke, L A Me Donald, R T Muriill, A A Neese, B L Parsons, C N Ross, R Schaaf, G P Siu, D C Schumac^ei,W L Swagei, W T Traylor, P J Turner and N Witte H J Wilkens and A H Seddon were elected as Honor Juniors Wil kens, who has the highest scholastic index in the first semester junior engineering class, is the Wilbur Scholar of his class Edw,ard Novitski . Science '38, has received his degree of Doctor of Philosophy from California Institute of Technology at Pasadena, California, and IS now in training at the Officers’ Traming School at Camp Crowther, Missoui 1 ■I Novitski entered the University m 1936 and completed his full coufse of study in two years, giaduating with distinction in 1938 He Was the second person evei to complete four yeais study heie in two years
Personnel Notes
Ciytiss-Wright Corporation, PasBsre, New Jersey—Coming Thursday, July 30 Intel ested in August Aero E, CE, EE, PSE, ME, MetE, GhE Sign in Personnel Office by 9-00 p m Wednesday, July 29
Bonnh Baker . To Appear At Mars ~*^TantaliMng Bonnie Bdkei,i the sweetheart of song, makes hei first appearance in Lafayette next Saturday when she stars and headlines hei own show of thirty talented art ists on the Mars theatre stage Bonnie, who is only five feet tall and weighs only a bundled pounds, swept to national popularity when she sang “Oh Johnny Oh’ over a national radio network with a fam ous oichestra Since then she has sang in pictuies and her lecoid lecoidings of the song have lun into millions of sales. With Bonnie, and a headlinei in his own light, IS Colonel Manny Piagei and his oichestia Radio fans will lemenibei the Colonel’s weisatile chaiacteiizations in song when he intioduced “All the King’s Hoises and All the King’s Men” while a membei of the Ben Beinic show Others in the compapy aie Lairy Stoich, unusual impeisonations, Kiik and Clayton, novelty dancers, Ballard and Rae, two slap happy comedjens. and Don Zelaya, the South Ameiican humoiist and pianist The scieen attraction foi Saturday features Joan Davis with Brenda and Cobma in the comedy “Sweetheart of the Fleet ”
Mock Bombing To Take Plate
QRIN AND BEAR IT \
“You better let me out a block from my house, Joe—my wife might bet a false impression of this Tool-Yoiu-Car’ business ”
Tonight At 8
University Calendar Friday, July 31
Although many students are laboring under the delusion that the bombing of “Skeleton Village” tonight will be a complete reheaisal, even to dive bombers, nothing will be dropped from the skies Nevei theless, the exhibit will be something special, according to Lt Col Johnston, head of the Civilian Defense Protection School hei e Bombs of various types will be set off in the buildings and the pioper method '^f treatment demonstrated when the exhibit, a featuie of the Indus tiial and Civilian Defense Piotec tion Schools, gets under way at eight tonight Demonstration Open To Public For those who attend the “bombing,-” parking space will be provided in the football paikmg lot directly north of Ross Ade Stadium Townspeople, students, and faculty aie all invited to attend the demonstration The fouith War Department Civilian Piotection School, which opened here Monday and will con tinue on thiough next Wednesday, has enrolled fifty eight civilian de fense woikeis repiesenting eight states The course is one of a senes of cunicula which cover thorough ly all phases of civilian defense 58 Men Fake Course The enrollment by states, re leased by Lt Col Johnston of the Chemical Waifaie Service, ducctoi of the senes of tiaining piogiams IS Tllinois, twenty, Indiana ten, Ohio, nine, Michigan, seven. West Virginia, six, Kentucky, thiee, Wisconsin, two, and South Dakota,
one
A two day school foi Industnal Protection officers is scheduled loi this Friday and Saturday The offi ceis attending will study incendiaiy exeicises and demonstrations, bomb effects on buildings and peisonnel, methods of fingeipnnting and pres ervation of evidence, wai gases, blackout and camouflage, patiol problems, seaiches of individuals and areas, and war traffic control and car conservation
7 00 A M Industrial Protection School 11 00 A M Convocation—Di E C Elliott 4 00 P M Puidue Order of Zouaves, Prcnic
4 30 P M Cosmopolitan Club Saturday, August 1
6 00 P M Scabbard & Blade Rough Init Armory
North Ballroom, Union
Hall of Music Room 304, Union
Hamilton Wilson Science ’13, has been elected a vice president of Field, Richards and Company, investment firm of Cincinnati and Cleveland He rvas formerly in charge of the Smith, Barney and Company office at Cleve
land
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted Ai ] ly al Exponent OfTice XT ihonc A 1 for Klo mai Lost—One Bolb> J ic in tn n Uni vcrsity 1 1 iclic oolf c iiise Rtw ird 11 Col Hickb 616 Typewriters—Adding Machii cs all makes sol 1 rented repaired in T purchabod Mime oj.,r iph \\oik Ton c T EbcrbhPfF 60^ Main Lafayette Phone 2779
^ DOES YOUR P PEN LEAK? Expert- Repair S^vice SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
MEET and EAT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON « • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREEN’S DROe STORES ^ 410 Main Street
Thp Parker Appliance Company, Cleveland, Ohio—Interested in Au jguat or December ME Sign jn Personnel Office by Saturday, August Iaeynolds Metals Company, Louisville, Kentucky—Intei ested in Met9llurgical Engineers Sign in Pei^opnel Office by Wednesday, August JBerkey Gay Furniture Com*pany. GranJ Rapids, Michigan—Interested in seniois and undeigi adpates in Aero E Sign m PeisonntI Office by Wednesday, August 6 Oweqs-Illinom Glass Company, Stieatoi, Illinois—Intel ested in August 01 Deeembei fhemital Engineeis Sign m Ptisonntl Office by Monday, August 3 i 1 One ot the most impoi tant appliopitions of vitamin knowledge will bft the study of cancel, a Univerof Texas biochemist believes
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Our Quality NEVER! We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the benefit of any improvements. Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
Carolyn Wood; Playwright Morale Story
Actors Di
Speech Class Actors Depict Scott Family After DecOmb^r 7
‘ ^ By Ellis Murphy
Last night in Fowler Hall the Puidue Playei's and their g^^ests witnessed the first perfoimance of an expenmentai
mution relative to year play wi’itten by a Univcrsity student This play, written by Kcir,sirat.oa worfe^^Tstadcats who wish Carolyn Wood, was directed by Dr Kenn Carmichael, assisted ,n *Autast'df’September*'1 Gilley, and Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatics hon-
orary, sponsored the pioduction
Carolyn Wood is a jumoi in the Science School and a member of Pi Beta Phi soionty. She has been active in WBAA*, and has written many ladio ■ -f— !■ plays According to Miss Wood absojbmg, fast movthe play was designed to be a . (( 1 ,> 1 11 111 Membeis of the cast aie all from
morale play, which could be
presented by youth groups, have been leheaismg on this pla^
Intcrfratcrnity President’s Council Keys womcn’s clubs, aild other or- sincc eaily in the semester The Bait irc at the fiaUrnity affairs onict Come ^ ^ i « mti kct them —SCHWAB gailizations fOT the benefit of Scott, mother and head of Alpha Phi Omega Regular ineLting on then owii membeis household, IS taken by the aulorlj“J:.ofThttro:iJVr n^ixt^r™ I" Wilting the play Miss Wood thoi, Aithui Scott, played by B,I]
gave consideiabic thought to the Lestci, is a giaduate student in simplicity of settings and stage Chemistiy, Joe-noy Jim bcott, has pi opei ties so that it would be easily school a few months beadaptable to the equipment avail- graduation to take a highable to any civic gioup that would defense job, and thus avoid caie to use it She plans to write both the army and the navy Little inoie plays of similar chaiactei in sistei, Peggy Scott, is played by thefutiue P^ith Wayne, Virginia Septt, The play itself concerns the Scott played by Rosemaiy Boyd, is a haid family and the way in which the working office giil, and Jane, Jiip family was affected by the news of Scott’s pm giil, is played by Mabel
the Japanese attack on Peail Hai Vaughan
boi That attitude of self com The play has a good many typical plaeency and draft dodging found college wisecracks in the dialogue, in so many Americans before the however, there is plenty of thought-
Peail Harbor incident is made quite evident The mam chaiacteis are college students and their change of attitude aftei the Jap attack is
Notices
Reservists All male students who have not ^ct completed the two years basic militaiy Training required for graduation and are now mcmbcis of the Naval oi^ Marine
voik for till
tcim rcfciibtiation
and 2 aic requested to make application at the icfc,|btrai s olfiec Those with picvious e\pcrnncc at registration or in other cleri c il jobs are given piefeienee
—STONE
All bcicjice Seniors All those who plan to giadmte in August call at Den Endeis olfiee to fill out the nceebsary blanl s
LNDLRS
SCA House Presidciits Copiob of the minuUs of the July 21 board JtitLitng arc ivailiblc at the SCA box at the west dcbk in thc^ Union —MQGVERO
and the chapter corib-titution will be dibcisbed —EICHER Zouaves Pienie bchedul d foi I rid ly July 31 ifa postponed to Wodne^^day All gubt o —JACKSON Former Band Members The Band will purchabe used Band uniforms at reasonable prices See Cast or Robb at once for par ticulais —ROSS Wesley Foundation G>p y Lawn Party will be held Frida> July 31 at 8 p m bt hind the Foundation Weai bright clothcb ind bring ton cent fee for rcfpebhments
—DAYHUFr
Pistol Team Rep rt to Armory nt 1 15 p m Friday July 31 in unifoim for Debus picture —YODER All Students Y u are invited to Wesley Vespers on Sunday August 2 at 30 ) m in the West Fac ilty Lcunge of the Union Building Piofesbor Robertson will be the speaker A recreation hour will be htld at Wtsley Foundation before Ih meeting
—MIDDLETON
Lost—Gold ling set with diamond and penis it, Prom Cnll 1t4)1 Reward Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggagf typewriters Albtrt s i.jOan OiTice 10 Columbia Lost Gold Waltnam wnst watch on men s tenri'i? courts Saturday Phono Bob Hadley o301 Reward Lost—Black lilUold containing draft caid passpoit fiateinity cards etc Call Gene Katt n hn at ^0 7
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Here is a h t of the actives J H Armstrong R T. Ball D D Barta L L Bonham R B Bough m W K Burnside T H Curry E E Deisor R W Deuster W J Frantz D A Frost D O Henuksen A W Hubert R I T nkms W G Kocinir R S K)lb C B Leber P J McDonald D W Meier H M M mil R W On A F Piu H J Ro d H D Shekels W I Sehalhol W S Sli )ck ncy R E Sprag R J Taylor PI R VclkotF R I Vibin R A vonBehren W C W ilkei H M Whipro G R Woltf r J T Youngblood —YOUNGBLOOD Eta Kappa Nu Pledges M t in the EE Reading Ko( m Saturday August 11pm Wear yo ir work clothes
—VONBEHREN
provoking talk Judging from the ovation given by the audience as the final curtain came down the play
was well received
{•OMM Meeting Monday Auuust 1 at 4 p m in the Aimoiy Lt C M Ball air corps will show sound films Army Air CoIUge N 1 an 1 W ngs (f th Armv —JACKSON Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Fn lay July 31 it 4 1 J m 11 Ro m 304 f th Union —SEFVER Aeromodelers Meeting Wedn s<i ly An gust r 7 30 1 m 11 R om 80 1 luns i U e c nlost of the eighth will be fnmu late I Bring anyone interested in eni ring eoi test —SMITH
Mary C. Virtue was married to Lieutenant Alphonso A Topp, ’42, July 7 at Foit Sill, Oklahoma She has returned to the University- and will giaduate m December Topp was First Cadet Colonel of the ROTC last semester
Aim for Victory
with
llnited States War Bonds aod Stamps
t 7 <,1,1
9k
• w
-III