Purdue
Z-IM
Volume 51/ No. 59
Exponent
Friday, Noirember 17, 1939
f'\
>
The Committee
... for tonight’s Military Ball is pictured above. They are, reading from left to r^ght: front row, Cadet Major P. T. Cooper; Cadet Lt.-Colonel A. C. Perrin; Cadet Lt.- Colonel Dyer Butterfield, chairman; Cadet Colonel F. B[. Hurst; Cadet Colonel V. D. Hobbs; Cadet Colonel L. L. Lyles. Second row. Cadet Major R. L. Reiley; Cadet 2nd Lt. L. E. Aull; Cadet 2nd Lt. C. L. Norquest; Cadet Captain C. E. Bowman; Cadet 1st Lt. B. H. Burns; Cadet 2nd Lt. K. J. Thompson. Absent from the picture are Cadet 2nd Lt. R. A. Bates and C. A. Heid-
breder, of the Military Band.
ake It The Biggest Pep Session Yet/ Doc Miller
By Ned Ochiltree
Doc Miller, well known campus personality, will make a personal appearance tonight when he speaks at the last pep session of the year. “I want to urge all students to be present tonight since we want to give the team a big enough send-off to carry them through tomorrow’s game and the game next week with Indiana,” said Doc Miller, discussing tonight’s rally. “We should have twice as many students out and twice as much en-
thusiasm as ever before.” PI A Sponsors Tea Dance For Charity
Forming pi-omptly at 6:15 p. m., the Military Band will lead the parade across the levy to the Big Four station, wheie the team will board the train foi Madison, Wis. At this point there will be a shorts cheer session led by head cheerleader Bill Dunshee and his crew of yell leaders, followed by the introduction of
the speakers.
Old Oaken Bucket Since this pep session must serve not only for the Wisconsin game, but also for the Indiana game, the prized “Old Oaken Buckej;,” symbol of Hoosier gridiron supremacy, will be produced under the guard of Gimlet, Reamer, Skull and Crescent, and Gold Pepper members, sponsors of tonight’s affair. The committee in charge has gone to great length to make this lally the most successful of the year. “For the Minnesota pep session we had a big crowd and a swell time. Let’s show the team that we are behind them by giving a repeat performance tonight,” said Bill
Dunshee.
Decorated Cars In an effort to increase the color of the procession, the committee ui’ges that all fraternities and sororities enter appropriately deco-
rated cars.
Two bands, Irvan Maury and Harry McCrady, will furnish the music for the tea dance to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow from 3 until 6 o’clock in the interests of charity. The dance is being sponsored by the PIA and Student Cooperative association, the proceeds to be turned over to the Salvation Army. Price of admission will be 26c per couple or the equivalent of that in foodstuffs. Come And Get 'em! Undergraduate and graduate students may now obtain their copy of the 1939-40 Student Directory as long as the present supply lasts, upon presentation of their passports at the Registrar’s office in the Executive building, it was announced yesterday by Ralph B. Stone, registrar. Copies of the directory are now being sent from the Editor’s office to the University offices and to members of the staff not enrolled in the University as graduate students.
Today's Religious Program 8:00 a. m.—Muste, Education Building, Room 11, Noss, Sociology. 8:00 a.m.—Rooks, Freshman Biology, Stanley Coulter Hall, 2nd Floor, 8:00 a. m.—Espey, Education Building, Room 6, Noss. 9:00 a. m.—Harris, Freshman Biology, Stanley Coulter Hall, 2nd Floor. 9:00 a. m.—Harkness. 9:00 a. m.—Overton, Home Economics Auditorium, Miss Beman. 9:00 a. m.—Bickham, Education Building, Room 11, Noss, Sociology. 9:10 a. m.—Espey, Dickham, Room 113, Recitation Building, Modern History (European). 10:00 a.m.—Rooks, Freshman Biology, Stanley Coulter Hall, 2nd Floor. 10:00 a. m.—Espey, Room 201, Education Building. 10:00 a. m.—Greenough, Home Ec, Miss Sunderley, 2nd Floor Hall. 10:00 a.m.—Bollinger, Education Building, Room 11. 11:00 a. m.—Overton, Education Building, Room 11, Noss. Luncheon 12:00 noon—Bollinger, Faculty Luncheon, Reception Room, Union. 12:10 p. m.—Organ, Quiet Hour, Fowler Hall. 12:00 noon—^Tippy, Luncheon, Kappa Kappa Gamma. 1:00 p. m.—Harris, Education Building, Room 11. 2:45-3:00 p. m^—WBAA, West. ^ Seminars 4 to 5 P. M, 7:30-8:30p. m.—Closing Convocation, Georgia Harkness. Subject: “Religious Living.”
Cadets Open Social Season Military Ball Tonight
_ \ SanderS' Carlsen To Furnish Music For Evening's Dancing
Subject Of Physical Education Program Under the direction of Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, associate professor, physical education for men, and Helen Hazleton, professor, physical education for women, an interesting program will be presented at 10 a. m. today in the Women’s Gym, in the interest of teachers and administrators of secondary schools on the topic of school health programs. Miss Bess Exton, assistant to Dr. Nelson in the dejiartment of Health and Physical Education of the National Education association, and Prank S. Stafford, assistant chief of the bureau of health and physical education in the Indiana state board of health, will be here on the campus for the three scheduled meetings and will be available for
consultations
Noted local educators who vrill attend the meetings are J. A. Marshall, superintendent of the Tippecanoe County school administration; Morris E. McCarthy, superintendent of the Lafayette school system, and F. A. Burtsfield, superintendent of the West eLafayette schools. Dean Enders, of the University science school, and Dr. F. B. Knight, dean of the education school will attend. The meetings are scheduled as follows: at 10 o’clock this morning in the Women’s Gym, the national program of student health will be discussed. At noon, follovdng a luncheon in the Union, the implications of the Wagner health bill and its relations to the school health program will provide the topic of discussion. The closing session at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the Pieldhouse will emphasize methods and techniques of teaching for
health.
Co-ed Honorary To Sponsor Tea Actives and alumnae members of Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will entertain co-eds in the new science experimental group on Sunday afternoon, from 8 to 6 o’clock with a tea in the faculty lounge of the Union. The forty girls in this group who have been selected for their special ability have proven very successful in their work. Presented to this group of co-eds is the oppoitunity of concentrated study in the field chosen by the coed instead of specific study in professional scientific field.
Co-ed Honorary Plans Initiation Sunday Morning Alpha Lambda Delta, honorary
organization of freshman women, will hold initiation for eleven girls Sunday morning at 8 o’clock in
room C of the Union.
Following initiation a breakfast will be served in the old Chestnut room of the Union to the new initiates. Mary Ann Carpenter, president of the organization, will be in charge of initiation; arrangements for the breakfast will be handled by
Betty Morris.
The girls to be initiated are Mary Ann Congleton, Charlotte Braude, Mary Barnard, Margaret Corson, Helen Conder, Margaret Magley, Mildred Owen, Mary Jane Bird, Cecelia Witty, and Helen Stallings. Eligibility for membership in the honorary is a 5 point scholastic index attained either semester of the
freshman year.
Tonight at 9 o’clock in the Union ballroom and cafeteria members of the University military corps and their guests will open the winter formal season with the annual Military Ball. Before a light blue backdrop, surmounted by gold crossed cannons of the artillery on which has been superimposed the official seal of the ROTC, one of the two featured bands will play. The other will furnish music from the cafeteria. —— ■ Joe Sanders and company wiU
play for the dancers in the ballroom, while Bill Carlsen and his “Band of a Million Thrills” wiB furnish the rhythms for those dancing in the cafeteria. Dancing will continue until 1 a. m. WSGA has announced 2 o’clock hours for co-
eds.
Ballroom Decorations
Contest Is Started Debris is now receiving entries for their second monthly snapshot contest. Staff officials wish to make clear that snapshots of any and every phase of campus life are what they want. This is your chance to get your picture and pictures of your friends in the yearbook, according to Debris officials in charge of the contest. You don’t have to be an experienced photographer, just dust the camera off and snap away. Entries should be turned in at the box outside the Union Debris offifce. Students submitting entries should include the negative, and a brief description of the picture. They should also include their ovm name and address so that Debris officials may contact them. This month’s winner will again be published in the Exponent and will be considered for the “Picture of the Year.” Home Ec Seniors Leave For Chicago To Attend Field Day Heipie economic seniors are attending the Annual Field Day held today in Chicago by Home Econon^ics Women in Business. A program has been planned that will give the students an idea of the phases and opportunities in the field. Co-eds interested in food and equipment work will first go on a tour through the Kraft Cheese plant and then attend a meeting at the factory, at which one of the speakers will be Ruth Christophersen, ’36. The rest of the group, which includes those majoring in clothing and textiles, will visit Sears Roebuckr'technical laboratories, and Carson Pirie Scott and Company. All the guest^, including delegates of nineteen colleges and miiversities of the middle west and south, will aftgrwards attend a tea at the People’s Gas, Light and Coke Company. Those who are representing Purdue are: Edith Kirkpatrick, Helen Bailey, Joyce Winklepleck, Ruth Parker, Bernadette Dygert, Elizabeth Barmes, Sara Alice McIntosh, Margaret Saurer, Mary Schnaible, and Georgann Schilling, students, and Misses Margaret E. Beeman and Elizabeth Rosenberry of the Home Economics staff.
Monsignor Sheen To Speak Sunday The second religious convocation speaker of the year will be the Right Reverend Monsignor Fulton J. Sheen, who will speak Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Reverend Sheen has been a regular speaker on the religious convocation program for several years, and has always been popu-
lar with the stuaenxs.
Monsignor Sheen is a noted radio speaker having spoken for nine years on NBC’s Catholic hour. Brother Leo, well known Catholic literary critic, has described his style as “a style in the best sense popular appealing to those who if not intellectual are intelligent. He has the knack of opening attractive
vistas of thought.”
Among his literary works, perhaps the best known is his, “The Moral |Jniverse.” The London Universe once described him as “the new Catholic philosopher of the
age.”
Bernie Vance . . . ace saxophonist, and his University of Illinois band will provide the music for tomorrow’s mixer. Bob Tilt, Union vice prexy, will be in charge of the dance. The same backdrop used for the Military Ball will be used, which consists of a large replica of the ROTC’s insignia in true colors. The regular price of a dollar will prevail. Come Select 'em More than two hundred senior Debris proofs remain to be selected for use in this year’s yearbook. Unless the subjects of these pictures make a final selection of their proofs before 3 p. m. tomorrow, their picture will not appear in this year’s Debris, according to an announcement made last night by Barbara Jolly, official representative of Dexheimer-Carlon Studios.
Band fronts will carry out the theme of the backdrop, consisting of silhouettes of the main motif in gold and black plus the monograms M B in modernistic block style. In the silhouettes the cannons and shield are shown in solid gold on the black panels of the fronts. Around the walls of the ballroom above vari-colored lights will be various divisional insignias of the regular army. Ball programs will be available this morning from 7:30 to 11:30 o’clock and this afternoon from 12:30 to 5:30. Anyone wishing to obtain his program must present both his ticket and student passport. There are still a few tickets for the Ball remaining in the office of W. S. Fletemeyer, assistant auditor for student organizations, in the Executive building. Entrance to the ballroom will be lined with silken guidons representing the batteries of the Purdue Field Artillery unit. Guidons will also form the decoration motif in the basement. The guidons used are not the regrular flags ^used in battery drill but are especially purchased for such formal occasions as the ball. A color organ placed in the ballroom will play Colors over the dancers and decorations. Programs have been issued from the check room of the Union since Tuesday. Complete tickets with stubs intact are necessary for obtaining the programs. The programs, measuring three-and-one-half inches by two inches, have beaten brass covers with a small medalion mounted in the center. “Military Ball” is inscribed above the medalion, and “1939” inscribed below. Grand March The grand march, scheduled to begin at 10:30 p. m. in the ballroom, (Continued on page 4)
Harris Explains Significance Of Religious Emphasis Week
By Bob Weiss For the past four days Religious Emphasis Week has been going on at Purdue University. Many students have little or no idea about the real purpose of this program. Yesterday, in an effort to clarify this situation, we called upon one of the speakers, Paul Harris, Jr. Mr. Harris expressed the following opinion of this series of seminars and convos: “I believe that the purpose is not to make converts, but to give explanations of life’s privileges and responsibilities by people with a background of religion and acquainted with life’s purposes and means of improving mankind’s position.” It is this spirit of learning that IS dominating the meetings. Mr. Harris, as a specialist in international studies, is obseiving the present war and is presenting its causes.
its developments, and is suggesting attitudes which should be taken by Americans during the crisis. Study of Humans Necessary It is‘his belief that ^ study of conduct between individuals and groups is necessary for the creation of a better world. Having seen and studied world affairs, he be, lieves that a fleepening religious life is imperative for the understanding and creation of better conditions. Clear thinking is efismi^rial in any situation, particularly in the field of international affairs. Religions and this point have a close relation, for religion is a spirit of brotherhood. Religious Emphasis Week is not a mass attempt at conversion, but an attempt to darify issues and explain facts. Students, let’s attend some of these meetings; they are more than woith your time.I ^ 1^ '‘.mriT Kjs4 '
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday/ November 17. 1939
Thanksgiving Comes But Once ... or maybe twice a year. To most of us Thanksgiving'means only a vacation, home, a big dinner, and a chance to eat our fill, and maybe more. To some in this locality. Thanksgiving Day is just another day. They will go hungry, as usual; they will be cold, as usual, and they will be poorly dressed, as usual. This year the Purdue Independent Association is going to spre^ a bit of cheer, and with cooperation it can be considerable cheer in the form of food and clothing. Tomorrow between 2 and 5:30 Irvan Maury and Harry McCrady will play for a special charity tea dance in the Union ballroom. Both of these campus bands have willingly agreed to play for this dance free of charge, and all of the proceeds will be ^ven to local charity organizations for distribution in this vicinity. Annu^ly, fraternities and sororities have shown a commendable spirit for their fellow men by inviting underprivileged children to a Thanksgiving dinner. This year the PIA is sponsoring an even larger undertaking. Admission to the dance will be either 25 cents or the equivalent amount of food, which is a small amount to any one student. Even if you don’t dance, it will help someone if you would drop into the ballroom just to put your “two bits” in and to hear the two bands. The Independent Association has an excellent idea; let’s assist them.—R. F. DeH.
But Incidentally By Vladimir DEPARTMENT OF OUTSTANDING BRUTALITY “The whole fieshman back guard charged in and literally smothered him.”—(WBAA announcer during the second quarter of the freshmanvarsity game). * * * ^ Boys, BOYS. * * * Radio announcers rather amaze us at times. There was the one who announced that, during the duration of war developments, his station would remain on the air “twenty-four hours a day and all night.” * * * THAT’S not union! * * * It’s not that we want to stigmatize the characters of two such well known figmes, but when, during the recent fight, the announcer referred to Louis and Pastor as “These gentlemen . . .” we couldn’t help but put it
PENALTY DATES Dunng the present semester there are four penalty dates They are from noon November 21 to noon November 22, November 27, December 20, and January 4 These days represent the 24-honr periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates —^Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file vsnth the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary fee Penalty Kule: Any student who Is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6 00 for each twenty four hour period or fraction thereof missed M L FISHER, Dean of Men
ARC
LU^ TODAY - SATURDAY JlpiUi' VIIYiMK Him lAIiil*
PLUS —2nd FEATURE — JEAN ROGERS RAYMOND WALBURN
— IN —
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
— WITH — CHARLES BICKFORD — AND — TEXAS STAMPEDE' — WITH — CHARLES STARRETT —ALSO —
HCiiriii wiMiuMMiD WnUE PEMCE
RANDOLPH SCOTT PRESTON FOSTER MARGARET LINDSAY
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE THEY LOSE THEIR HEARTS ...WHEN THEY WIN THEIR WINGS'
A WARNER BROS Picture with KAY FRANCIS WILLIAM GAROAN Victor Jory • Moxie Rosenbtoor Eddie Foy, Jr • Sheila Broml _ P Lni s
Danger Headlines Shout a Warning of a Nation's Secret Menace! "SABOTAGE" — with — GORDON OLIVER ARLEEN WHALEN EXTRA! RIO RITA ORCHESTRA
down as ironical. We just can’t picture as gentlemen, a couple of hulking brutes, each in the neighborhood of 200 pounds, stripped to the waist and Swinging furiously at each other. * * • OUR gentlemen are docile. « * * ' An announcer at^the Indiana-lowa game said, “The band is forming a big block ‘I’ for the Indiana school.” 4> * * But it sounded like “black eye” to us. • * S I I I WE COULD be prejudiced though. ’ * ♦ ♦ While we are waiting, ear to radio, for an announcer to make another slip, we might as well make it known here and now that we think very highly of radio announcers at heart. Many’s the time we’ve sat at the desk with our goose necked study lamp bent up in front of us as we coo softly. “For the past quarter hour you have been listening to the latest news flashes by your Russian commentator, the inimitable Vladimir. “Tune in every Wednesday and Saturday at the same time for these interesting comments brought to you by Glutz and Company, makers of the world’s fastest selling and best smelling hair oil. Remember the Glutz slogan, ‘Oily to Bed and Oily to Rise.’ You can get Glutz hair oil at your nearest drug store.” * * * “We now leave our studios.” *
the usual girl sipping the usual cokes ... Pi Phi pledge Sue Condit seems to be making the rounds also. She found another lad with too much of dad’s dough so they were helping to support the Grill. Ah, me. —B & B— As long as our own limerick contest isn’t fairing so well we are making the DEBRIS beauty contest our business. We don’t get the point of barring last year’s winners from
JUST GRILLING AROUND . . . and we found Phi Gam, Jim Lemon in his usual haunts and with
AFTER the DANCE We Suggest a ridni^Lt cJ.uncL 'afHe6 and -^aadafed Hot Barbacue on Buns served in front of the Fire Place in the
X
ounae
Jhb
fiiVtdwL UniotL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
the contest . . . guess your B & B will have to run one of its own and elect Haltom, Davis and Petersen. Oh, well, it’s an idea anyway. —B & B— Although we are not trying to steal “HIM and HER’s” stuff, we think that you lads will be interested in knowing that the SWEET SHOP waitresses will be wearing new uniforms Friday night.. . advance dope says that they look pretty nifty in them, too . . . like the girls had been poured into the uniforms. —B & B— Here is a little something that is more than a romance. Allison Lilly and Bob Brady are planning to get married at Hartford, Conn., during Christmas vacation. Congratulations and lots of love!
Stuff like that makes me feel like Winchell, the only difference being that/ he is paid and also that he knows how to write his column. —B & B— The night of nights has come at last! Uniforms and brass buttons followed by beautiful ladies in their gayest regalia will mark the beginning of another Military Ball . . . with late hours for the co-eds, and no sleep for the imports (or could I be wrong?) —B&B— . . . which always brings up the idea of cutting Saturday classes for those who aren’t going tor the Ball. Notice, Professor Arm: Loren Gilmore and Lloyd Cucqna have no reason to cut. They are not going— Ima Rat.
SATURDAY EVENING PERFORMANCE ONLY AT 8:15
CHOICE SEATS STILL AVAILABLE Box Office Open Daily: 11 a.m. - 9 p.m.
—MATINEE PERFORMANCE CANCELLED— Due to circumstances completely beyond our control; the matinee performance, of this attraction only, has been cancelled. Those holding matinee tickets may bring them to the box office any time, between 11:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m., up to and including Saturday and obtain a refund on the tickets.
LAST DAY—John Payne in "Kid Night-ingale'
CLEAN, WELL-PRESSED CLOTHES BOOST ONE’S MORALE! Hence they are an economy, because Life today demands us at our BEST! You will like our cleaning. Phone us today for pick up!
Phone 3085
American Laundry
A SHORT "SHORT" STORY *B. V. D. All-ways Sfretch Seat Shorts 35c and 50( These Shorts need no superlatives. They are more comfortable because of an entirely new principle of design. Bend, twist, turn and stretch and the seat of this Short stretches with you Pleated fullness for proper drape Linen sewn buttons Guaranteed washable by 2000 commercial laundries Undershirts 35c and 50c 500MAINST. VI * CLOTHES SHOP INC.
*Reg.U S. Pat. Off.
. ...j—Friday, November .17, 1939
Intramural Netmen
Play November 27 Practice games in intramural basketball started on November 13, as fraternity and ward teams warmed up for the scheduled games starting on November 27. Basing their rules on past experience, the intramural department has set down certain definite rules concerning the games. The use of basketball shoes with black composition soles is banned. Team captains are requested to have their line-ups in the score books at least
five minutes before game time. To improve the game from both, the players’ and the spectators’ standpoint, all followers of the games must remain in the balcony. In addition to these rules for competition,,,all contestants are requested to report all serious injuries to Larry Imhoff of the intrar mural department or to Dr. Miller of the health service at once. First aid equipment for treatment of minor injuries such as floor bums, is available at the checkout window.
To aid in eliminating fumbles. University of Illinois gridders ,wear jersies that have, strips of ‘^tick-, um” cloth sewed on.
//
He's The Hardest
The flower shop you con depend upon to make you up a smart, attractive gift of flowers for any holiday or gala occasion at prices that will meet your full approval. Complete selections of seasonable flowers and plants, selected to make your gift outstanding. ORCHIDS GARDENIAS ROSES VIOLETS
o 635 Main Street
Phone 7955 - 8050
... hitting fullback that we’ve had to stop all, season,” said a host of Purdue linemen and line backers of Don Clawson, Northwestern’s great fullback, who is a Sophomore. With Sam Gershunny, giant sophomore basketball center from Lafayette, this mighty fullback is expected to collaborate in forming a great sophomore pivot combination for the Purple hardwood forces during the net campaign. * General J. McNair . . . formerly PMS&T at Purdue, sent telegraphic greetings to the Purdue Order of Military Merit on the occasion of the initiation of their 52 fall pledges. The message congratulated the order on its work in carrying on Purdue’s fine tradition of military superiority.
The Scorecard Today’s scorecard is a sad affair. Pending return to the sports editor of his little eight-by-eleven black notebook containing class notes, letters, bills, and about a dozen of the prediction lists turned in last week by readers, there can be no summary of the results. Iowa fooled most of the guessers, but there was a big following for the Boilermakers, most of the guesses close. Don’t be discouraged about last week’s guess sheets ... we’re not, and we have three tests coming up, with notes in that little notebook. Until you hear from us, here’s another chance: PURDUE. WISCONSIN Ohio State. Illinois Iowa Minnesota.... Chicago... Oberlin.. Notre Dame. Northwestern Michigan State.......... Indiana.......... Pennsylvania.— Michigan Alabama Georgia Tech.......... Columbia. .1... Tulane Dartmouth..... Cornell,.,..... Holy Cross... Carnegie Tech........ Pordham..... St. Marys.... Pittsburgh Nebraska.............. Duke.... North Carolina ... Missoiuri Oklahoma Oregon State California Syracuse..... , Colgate UCLA. Santa Clara..... Yale..... Princeton........ Tennessee........ Vanderbilt.....
The College of the City of New York movie club is making a special film of undergraduate life at the metropolitan institution.
Only the victory hungry Badgers of Wisconsin and the unpredictable Hoosiers from Indiana remain in the path of the Boilermaker grid machine as it drives into the home stretch of the Conference race. Victories over these last two opponents would assure the Riveters of a third place position, with a better than even chance of copping an undisputed claim to second position, and a slim chance, although with heavy odds, of finishing the season at the top of the Western Conference pinnacle
Overheard at Tom’s Custc^^er What’s going on here — no seats? Tom’s — That Hot Roast Sugar Cured Ham is really satisfying the crowds! Customer — Well! That’s why I’m here at the ARMORY RESTAURANT Across from Armory
Plans for the completion of the first hurdle of the pair, the defeat of the Cardinal before the Wisconsin Homecoming throng tomorrow, were completed yesterday afternoon as the coaching staff ran the Riveters through their final practice session before the clash with Badger Big Ten cellar-holders. Defense Polished Most of the practice was utilized in polishing the defensive tactics which will be so vital in stopping the strong Wisconsin running attack and in reviewing the new offensive plays built around the Boilermaker lanky right end, Dave Rankin. These plays will be put to use in the Wisconsin ganle for the first time this season, with the hope that the stellar end will aid the Riveter offensive attack. Injuries Halt Workout Tuesday’s session was halted after only a short workout, which sent Shackleton, Melton, and Brock to the sidelines from injuries sustained in the contact scrimmage. Shackleton and Melton will be forced to remain on the bench during the^ame tomorrow as a result of these injuries. This disappointing outcome of the planned sessions has forced the coaches to cancel ^11 scrimmage sessions for the remainder of the season.
BASKETBALL Today Court —Fi Kinder. . 7 :00—Ward 29 vs. Cary Hall 4. 7:15—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2, 8 :15—:Ward 33 vs. Ward 5. 8 :30—Ward 3 vs. Ward 31. Court 2—M. Brinduse. 7:00--<lary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 3. 7 :16—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:16—Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall 12. 8:30—Ward 32 vs. Ward 34. Court 8—C. H. Rechenbach. 7 :00—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 8. 7:15—Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary HaU 10. 8:1&—Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall IS. 8:30—Chinese Club vs. Ward 10.
TOUCHBAlil. Today Field Official 6—Theta Chi vs. Winner (Alpha _Sigina Phi vs. Phi Kappa Sigrma). (Semi-final) 10—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 10.
tAe ; j rf tsf ' | tk 4ifed rf,
eman 6
for
a
^entie <=Jlei6iA,m
Here are fabrics that should sell for much more ... They’re loaded with quality such as is rarely offered. Stock up — and save importantly while you doit . . . ^^fhat an oportunity to buy that suit that your wardrobe has been urging you to get! Fine durable fabrics. Tailoring that does things to your figure and they’ll put you way out in front in distinction now.
lie. 316 State St., West Lafayette
Phone 2237
r”
ON STRIKE 13OWN WITH \SH0mTHATCKm
crotch shorts and you'
you a conscientious objector to shorts that creep .. . saw you in two . . . and haggle the life out of you? Stand up for your rights ... or get them sitting down ... you're entitled to comfort either way . . . and Arrow means to give it to you. Buy several pairs of Arrow seamless be sitting pretty . . . they're wonderful! Once you try them you'll never wear the ordinary kind. White and fancy patterns, durable fabrics, all Sanforized - Shrunk (fabric shrinkage Tess than 1%). Gripper snaps instead of , buttons, elastic or tie
sides.
65c 50c
ARROW^ UNDERfVEAR
SHIRTS
COLLARS
TIES
HANDKERCHIEFS
BASHER'S BEST We specialize in fine baked goods for all occasions. Serve bread cmd pastries at all meals. They will make your menu complete. GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororitie^*
0.
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
A new campus shirt By Arrow
THE GORDON DOVER with button-down roll collar $o
DEWENTER’S
416 Main
Phone 3801
ARROW SHIRTS COLLARS . .. TIES ... HANDKERCHIEFS .. . UNDERWEARA
V fet"
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 17, 1939
Cadets Open (Continued from page 1) will be led by Cadet Colonel Lawrence Lyles and Committee Chairman Dyer Buttei’field and their coed dates. Remaining committee members will foi m a saber arch for the unifoimed men. At 12:30 the Scabbard and Blade will announce their fiist semester pledges. Preceding the Ball jRjoper, two dinneis will be held in the Union. The committee will sponsor a dinnei for themselves and their dates, while the legular aimy officers stationed heie will give a dinner for themsehes and their wives. Matinee Of 'What A Life' Cancelled Word was received Wednesday afternoon at the Mars theatre that due to difficulties in making railload connections the scheduled matinee play peiformance of the comedy, “What a Life,” starring Jackie Coogan, would not be shown. The evening performance, however, will take place as scheduled. The management of the local theatie announced that those who have alieady pui chased tickets for the perfonnance may return them to the box office any day between 11 a. m. and 9 p. m. and get their money back. Dr. 0. H. Cadwell . . . E.E., ’08, is NBC spokesman for a new series of radio programs, “Magic Waves,” designed to convey the story of how the same radio tube that operates every radio listener’s home receiving set are being made to do a wide variety of other tasks in the service of mankind. The program is on the air every ' Friday from 7 to 8 p. m. over the red network of the National Broadcasting Company.
as $29 75 Supplies C P Ebershoff, 605 Mam StreA
LOST AND POUND LOST—Black wallet containing valuable cards Finder please call Armstrong, 8904. Reward
of all editorial ed and co-dd workers Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in Exponent office. Drawings will be held to select positions for sofjhomore edition December 2. —FLETCHER.
Delta Rho Kappa: Plages and actives. There will be an important meeting Friday, November 17, in room A of the Union at 4 p, m. Please bring your dues. —ESTEY.
LOST—Small yellow gold wrist watch. Finder call 4053. Reward.
Notices
No notices will bo aceqited after 8 p.
Aeromodelers: There will be a short meeting at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union Friday, November 17, Following the meeting, there will be the usual discussion for those who care to stay —^HARKER
Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every Friday at 7:30 p m by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, shuifleboard, badminton, and ping pong Bring dates for swimming Men 10c Everyone welcome. ' —MATHER
Lambda Kappa: Skating party Sunday, November 19, from 2 to 4 p. m Meet in the Union main lobby at 1:46 p. m. All Lutheran students are Invited —STEPHENS.
Cyclers: There will be a ride to C^ry Camp at 1 p m Sunday, November l9. Meet at Carter’s bicycle shop. Everyone welqpme. —CARSON. Freshman Engineers: Engineering lectures Saturday mprning, November 18, will be held in Fowler Hall instead of separate schools as announced. —^KNAPP.
stricted classes. Bdwiing and modem dance finals will be held at the same time in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building; field hockey and speedball in Michael Golden Shops, room 101. —HAZEI.TON.
All Seniors: Who have not had their senior pictures taken for the 1940 Debris must have them taken at the Dexbeimer-Carlon Studios in Indianapolis this week. Activity charts must be filled out at the Debris
Fencers. All men who have had previous experience in fencing come to the Fieldhouse, third floor, Monday, November 20, at 4 p m —NEPTUNE
Gold .Peppers. Everybody come out for the last pep session Help your team off with lots of spirit Meet at the east door of the Union at 6 10 Transportation is guaranteed for all Attendance at this pep session is required (11-17) —MITCHELL
ASME Juniors and Sophomores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co and! Ross Gear Co Thursday afternoon, November 30, please sign up in Prof Cope’s office Group will be limited to 20 —VOYLES
Cosmopolitan Club: Pre-Initiation meeting in room C of the Union at 4:80 p. m. Friday, November 17. Attendance imiierative. Paul Harris will speak.
—SHICKEL.
Junior Military: Students who have qualified as expert gunners may draw expert gunner’s medals m the supply office of the
Armory. (11-21)
Weight Lifters: Meeting Friday, November 17, at 7:1S p. m. in sub-basement of Fieldhouse. All members urged to attend. Important. —SUTO. University Choir: Compulsory attendance Sunday, November 19, at 9:15 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Be prompt I —^THORNTON, ilen's All-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 23. —BROOKS Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Formal pledging Friday, November 17, afiG p m in the Union. Wear your formal uniform. Bring initiation fee. —EILERING.
office at once.
(11-19)
/
--STRONG.
. CE 22 Conditions: The examination* to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday. November 18. Please consult me at ofioe. —SONESON
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 P.,ni. in room 801 ME building. Those (ntendtag to ta^e either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —^BOLZ
Kappa Delta Pt: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening, No-_ vember 21. —NEAL.
—PICKERING.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Get list of actives from me at SAE house immediately —OBLINGER
Table Tennis Club: All interested report to table tennis room in Fieldhouse Friday, November 17, at 7 p m —NASSAU.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation Sunday, November 19, at 8 a. m. in room C of the Union. Actives make reservations for breakfast with Betty Moiris or Mary Ann Carpenter by Friday night, November 17. —CARPENTER.
Seniors—Everyone who hasn’t picked up his Debris proofs as yet should do so by this Saturday noon (11-18) —VAN HORN
Scabbard and Blade; Actives be present for formal pledging Friday, November 17, b p m m the Union building —EILERING
Sophomore Exponent Workers: Meeting
WAA Dancing call out Monday, November 27, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds inteiested are invited
Football Ushers and Policemen: Collect your pay at ticket office in the Fieldhouse beginning Thursday, November 16. Bring badge. ' (11-18) -STAPLETON, Freshman and Sophomore PEW Classes: Final exams on Friday, November 17, at 4 p. m in the Memorial Gym for archery, riding, swimming, tennis, golf, and all re-
ICE CREAM Quarts 25c Bricks 29c Pints 15c V2 Brick 15c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
Have you the Right Clothes? You, too, can be in step with the latest campus styles and still be comfortable in the coldest weather. We ean supply you with clothing appropriate for the cold winter months. Jackets $2.98 and up Moleskin Trousers $3.98 Corduroy Coats $5.98 Mackinaw Coats $5.98 Sweaters $1.98 and up
224 Main Street
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
224 Main Street
Classified Ads MISCELLANEOUS FOR MILITARY BALL—Fellows—order orchid or gardenia corsages from special wholesale lot at lowest market prices. Corsages beautifully prepared by a Chicago expert. One orchid, $2.00; two for $3.60. Gardenias two for 76c, or to ordet. Phone Don Temo, 76061, or at Union.
BOARD AND ROOM—Available January 1st, Junior or Senior, $26 month. Phone 6862.
WANTED’ Passengers to drive to New York City for Thanksgiving vacation Call 4726 E G Carpenter.
Single beds.
FOR RENT—Double room 122 Pierce St, Close in.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Kodak, F 4 6 compur shutter build-in timer, 2% x 4% Cheap Call 66793 Raymond
PIANO FOR SALE, trade or rent. Also tuning and repairing. Clingenpeal Piano Shop 530 Northwestern. Phone 6289. FOR SALE—Silverton B-flat clarinet. Good condition. Del Karr. Phone 2312.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low
Coeds: For that New Look Every garment brought to us is given individual attention and care, thus insuring a well-done job. Don’t let your clothes run the risks of hazardous cleaning methods. Bring them to us for work that satisfies.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
Corsages to suit the la<Jies' tastes— expertly made—from the finest of flowers. Avoid disappointment by ordering from ( ^kutL yhijoL Qo.
527 Main
Phone 5432
You Walk Every Day
So Change Your Habits For Military Ball Send an SOS , for a Yellow Cab
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Florists
• School Syppiies
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Tailor
• Hardware
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor , HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororitiesi EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tin Shop
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Description* 104 Main St. Phone 6852
• Professional
Risk Denial Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phono 5701
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam 'St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE jEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dairy Product's
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214