w
t*' I
\
J
J
‘‘
orite PurflUK
FiibliskeS Bwly by Stiieliits of iPurdue University
VO]LUME XliVtit
LAl^-AYfeT^E, icNblANA, FRtDAY» 11, 1936
mniBEitoi
/1| I Hll I !%• Uaypool Meredith Dies
ftivetets Will Hassle Tottiglit
I^ie-Eatfe^s, Suck; l^eard Machines Ready For Dance
Ready for the Rassle? The Rasiilb is read;^ for the public according to an announcement made last night by members of Sigma Delta Chi who are sponsoring the annual brawl, that starts at 9 o’clock tonight in the ballroom of the Memdrial Union Building. The "beard tester,” which will accurately measure the length of facial growths, is now in the testing stage, according to J. E. Brock, inventor. Early tests have shown it reliable to within one one-thous-andth of an inch. “Suck” Machine The “suck” machine which will measure the suck of rasslers directly in pounds per square inch absolute is completed, E. K. Jones, contractor, announced last night. Another special contrivance has been developed to measure something never measured before . . . the latent heat generated by a necking couple. The machine is called
the “Thermo-couple Couch.’
Five Beard Prizes
Special events of the evening in addition to continuous dance music furnished by Bud Bryant and Johnny Ammerman’s bands include the presentation of five beard prizes and numerous special awards. P. W. Edwards and R. A. Anderson, champion pie-eaters, were put through light practice sessions at the Pi Kappa Phi house yesterday afternoon in finishing preparations for their one-pie bout at the Rassle.
Sigma Xi Will Hear Chicago Professor
Dr. C. R. Moore, professor of zoology at the University of Chicago, will address the Sigma Xi nieeting tonight at 8 o’clock iii Stanley Coulter Hall oh “The Endocrine System With Special Reference To The Biology Of Sex.” The meeting IS open to the public.
]^oy Scoui Honorary Elects New Officers
Albha Phi Omega, boy scout honorary, has elected R. E. Johnson, president; N. H. Shea, chapjin; R. A. Hedlun, treasurer; W. K. Millholland, scribe; D. R. Tam, usher; H. 6. Wantland, sentinel; and H. R. Burkholder, keeper of the annals.
Direct Rassle-
Axe Attd Shu) ChiUrte Funeral Knell beh^9 fim^~Marred Carnpus iTrees
By L. S.
Trees—^trees ha^e Served as an inspiration fbt poems diid songs; they ha'^e taken a prbminettt place in history and have beett content tb stand through the years, serving as silent sentries, watching the parade of events which time spreads
before them.
However, even trees grow old, and the contest for life becomes too keen for continued existence. This is exactly what has happened tb 10 or 12 trees bh the University campus. These trees which have viewed Purdue since her infancy, have watched the changes, the growth, and have seen her develop into a great institution, but have climaxed th^ir period of usefulness. Axe, Pick Take Toll During the past week a crew of regular University employees, who
400 Welders Register Here
New Developments In Welding Field Shown In Golden Shops Many new developments in the field of welding were demonstrated yesterday at the twelfth annual conference on welding in the Michael Golden Shops, under the sponsorship of the engineering extension and practical fiiechatncs departments of the University. Tbe registration of 400 welders is the largest ever reported on a first day. Continuing today, the program will incliide lectures on many applications of welding and more exhibits and demonstrations. Metal Spraying Gun Among the exhibits are a metal spraying gun which will put a coating of metal on anything with a rough surface. This gun melts the metal, fed to it in the form of a wire, and sprays it out with a speed of 33,000 feet per minute to drive out all air between the metal and the object being plated. Another exhibit is a machine that cuts steel plate up to 14 inches in thickness with a special oxy-acety-iehe torch. This machine will cut any shape to an accuracy of .003 of an inch. Still another exhibit demonstrates a pewly developed flame sur:fece hardening machine and a fourth shows a new tungar welder.
Local SAE Gets Charter
Teetor Addresses Group At Banquet Ralph R. Teetor, president of the Automotive Engineers Association, spoke to the newly organized Juniior sectiop of the S. A. E. society, and presented chairman Mardis Compton with the societsr’s charter at a banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building last night. Teetor’s speech included facts and ideas concerning the growing automotive industry. lie compared the oid fashioned and modern styles of transportation with a discussion on the entire field W research. During the afternoon the group made an inspection trip about the caihpus with inspections of high voltage and television demonstrations, wind tunnel experiments on streamlining, chassip dynamometer tests, and a tour of the Purdue airport.
220 New Fositious For College Students
0bHhny Arfimomhh
College men will be in demand soon when the American Tobacco ComHanj" increases its sales force by 65 per cent, or 220 new men.' These new positions are open because the company hps Anticipated I ah increase in the SAles of cigar-< ettes.
were equipped with axe, pick, shovel, and block and tackle, have removed six trees, cutting them off below the surface of the ground. The extremely dry summer, coupled with old age, has caused them to die and become dangerous to persons
walking beneath them.
One of the old pines in front of Stanley Coulter HaH, which probably saw George Ade walking to class when he was a science student here, had to be removed because it was dead and apt to drop a limb on
the head of a passerby. ’Tis Best They Can’t
If the two maples, which were removed from their position across the street from Agricultural Hall, could speak, they would probably tell us something of night life in the old Women’s Residence Hall, which
once stood near them.
A maple which grew in front of the library, and a tree of heaven, formerly standing north of Fowler Hall where growth was too dense, were removed. Three maples standing north of the Armory, and a dead oak in front of the Women’s Residence Hall remain to be taken out. Unlike men, dead trees Are not interred in the soil. They are removed from the earth with only the chime of the axe sounding the funeral song. Many of these trees will find a final resting place not in some quiet graveyard, but will be burned to ashes in the fireplace of the Wom-
en’s Residence Hall.
Devore Wins Speech Convo
English 14 Students Place Hooker Second
G. Devore, sophomore in the mechanical engineering school, was chosen as the best speaker in the English 14 classes during a convocation held in Fowler Hall Tuesday night. Devore spoke on the subject, “Privately Owned Planes.” R. P. Hooker was awarded second place for his talk on “Buses For Lafayette.” The contest originated in the English 14 classes, ^s students picked the best speaker in their respective classes. From 19 survivors, seven wete chosen by the members of the speech department to speak in the finals.
Dr. Healey Speaks On Health At WRti
“Temperance in eating and eight or nine hours sleep each night are necessary to ward off colds and other illnesses,” Dr, Claire Healey, assistant University medical adviser, told co-eds of the Women’s Residence Hall in a short talk at noon yesterday. “It is necessary for students, leading such active lives, to isAt the proper amount of well-prepare<J food, and to obseiwe all general health rules,” she also stated.
University Squads Win, Lose Debates
Affii*inatiye Team Wins At Home; Negative Lo^es At Michigan BULLETIN ! Ann Arbor, Mich., December 10> (Special)—^Purdue University’s negative debate team, composed pf R. M. Sasser, J. W. Rittenhouse, and R. A. Buckles lost to the University of Michigan affirmative squad here tonight. Rittenhouse was mentioned by the judge as the outstanding Purdue debater.
The University affirmative debate squad, composed of C. R. Petticrew and R. F. Royster, defeated the Northwestern University negative team, composed of J, A. Rahl and Albert Davis, at a Big Ten debate in Eliza Fowler Hall last night. The subject for the debate was “Resolved: That all electric utilities should be govemmentally owned and operated.” Reflection of the cost of lobbying, spreading of propaganda, and the manipulation formed the main contention of the affirmative for government ownership, while the negative team contended that the government could not produce power cheaper than private industry. They insisted that while the government valuation was low and permitted lower rates, the cost was passed on to the consumer in taxes under expense of other departments. / Judges Professor J. A. Estey of the history and economics department, acted as chairman, and Professor Robert B. Huber, debate coach at Indiana University, acted as critic judge. Congressional style debating was used last night in the debatte for the first time in Western Conference.
Eastman Employer Interviews 51
M. L. Sandell, of the Eastman Kodak Company, visited the University Wednesday and Thursday to interview students. During his stay he interviewed 51 junior, senior and graduate students in the chemical and mechanical engineering schools who were contacted through the personnel office.
Embertsoii Improves
Morris Embertson, a senior in the electrical engineering school, who IS suffering from pneumonia, was reported to be improved yesterday Embertson is in the Home Hospital.
EXPONENT STAFF
Short, important meeting December 12 at 1:30 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Coed, sports, and editorial staffs are requested to be present. —MORRIS.
Flashy Gas Buggies And Oil Burner Vie For Honors At SAE Auto Display
By E. H. Kellogg Private life of the motoring world; is being laid bare to all amateuir car detectives at the auto show: sponsored py the Society of Ameri-; cah Engineers yesterday, today, and tomorrow, in the automotive lab-' oratory of the Mechanical Engineer-;
ing Building.
Gasoline engines ^tU^ spehi to be holding the front as power centers, blit Cunu^ins’ Dijesel-potvered cai: is rearing its head As a si^ong evidence that it will be a contender fof future motoring'. This Diesel car has a trip from coast to coast undep
of onlSr $7.68.
W. E. Stout’s Scarab, with its reversed engine placement, and a Czechoslovakian Tetra with six wheels add spice to motoring. This six-wheeled car has a novel offering in being able to take square corners at the usual straight course speed without any discomfort to the passengers.
The Tetra has horizontal cylinders, a transmission system with 8 speeds forward and 2 in reverse, giving this 1981 ffiodel a maximum
speed of 68 m. p. h. Front fenders on thk hohd and A ddal electrical
ite belt with a distinctive fuel cost system complete the unique makeup
of this car.
Heart Attack Fatal To tlniversity Trustee
Dekth Ends Long And Active CareeT Of Oiitstandin^ Indiaiia Wonian
Mrs. Virginia Glaypool Meredith, S8, ohe of the most outstanding women of Indiana and the only woman trustee of the University, died yesterday afternoon at 4:30 o^cl(^ at ihe home of her adopted daughter. Dean Mary L. Matthews. Death was caused by complications following a heart attack
suffered about three months
President’s Tribiite
President E. C. ElUott paid the following tribute to Mrs. Meredith when apprised of her death: “Thus conies to an end a brilliant career of devoted service to thfe nation, the state, the University, and above all, to the advancement of the place of women in our civilization. All who had the privilege of working with her were constantly the beneficiaries of her kindly and farsighted wisdom. She was an ideal University trustee. The best of her life was built into the University she loved so well. This is indeed a time -of sadness and grief for all of us.”
Speak
GE Men,
On Job-getting ]VI.Q.AUen,C.C.Anen, And P. Y. Tumy Conduct Typical Interview
“Knowledge, energy, and personality are the things we take into consideration when we hire men,” said M. Q. Allen, '06, Columbus, Ohio, sales manager for the General Electric Company yesterday afternoon at the employment lecture in the Education Building. Teaming up with two other University graduates, C. C. Allen, ’95, and P.Y. Tumy, ’09, Allen conducted the meeting in dialogue form. The dialogue was divided into three parts—^a conference between two company heads before contacting students, an interview of K. B. McEachron, who applied for a positioii, and a discussion of the students with the University faculty. Points for Consideration Points noted by G. E. officials before hiring men are scholarship, activities, personal appearance, ability to sell oneself, amount of energy displayed, and whether the student earned part of his college expenses. Adams, in his interview with McEachron, pointed out that advancement in a large company was just as rapid as in a small co^mpany. “The salaries paid by the G. E. company are average of those paid university graduates,” he added.
Announcement has been received of the birth of a daughter to J. P. and Mrs. Tripp of Lansing, Mich., on November 28. Tripp received his Ph. D. degree in chemistry from the University in 1936.
YW Representatives Will Attend Meeting
Miss Glare Coolidge and Patricia Jones, advisor and president respectively of the University Y. W. C. A. organization, wilji go to Indianapolis tomorrow. They will attend a state Y. W. C. A. committee meeting of the Indiana area at 11 o’clock, at the city Y. W. C. A. building.
Word has been r^eived of the birth of a son on December 7 to W. E. and Mrs. Larsen of Waynesboro, Va. Larsen received his Ph. D. degree in chemistry from the University in 1984.
Nearly 8,000,000 meters of film were inspected by i:lie Swedish government motion picture censors during the last budget year. Only 68,237 ’meters were forbidden to he shown publicly. v. .
ago. Throughout her life Mrs. Meredith had maintained an active interest and participation in public affairs. She had been a member of the University board of trustees since 1921. Bom On Farm Born on a Fayette Cotinty farm November 6, 1848, she was the daughter of Austin B. and Hannah A. Claypool. She graduated from Glendale College in 1866. Several years later she was married to Meredith, who was speaker of the state House of Representatives and member of the board of Agriculture. Meridth’s death in 1882 left Mrs. Meredith without children, and with a 400-acre farm to manage. Tins started her on her public career. During her lifetime she was woman’s editor of the Breeders’ Gazette, one of the organizers of the Indiana Federation of Women’s Clubs, Indiana representative on the World’s Columbian Expositian board at Chicago, and member of the Indiana Board of Agriculture. Her interest ift^rops and livestock won ber many fair prizes. Receives Gold Medal In 1930 she was awarded a gold medal by the State of Wisconsin for Eminent Service. The Tippecanoe County Federation of Clubs has established a loan fund for women students at the University in her name. An organization of home economic students has been named in her honor. The funeral will be conducted at the home tomorrow morning at 9:30 o’clock by Rev. W. R. Graham of the Central Presb3rterian Church of which she was a member for many years.
Hit; Run Driver Kills Sister Of Student
Margaret Wells, 21, sister of Donald Wells, a sophomore in the school of chemical enginering, was killed early Wednesday- evening by a hit and run driver as she walked home from teaching in Lawrenceburg. Wells, who lives at 128 Wiggins street, left for East Chicago late Wednesday evening with his brother Sam, who drove up from Greencastle. The body is being taken to the home of their father, D. K. Wells, at 1116 Beacon street. East Chicago, for funeral services.
Syncopation
BmA JlryAwlA ^
lib
fit 1
m /
' fc trf’ltfi-'
ftitteTW)
THE iPURDtJE EXPONENT
Virginia C. Meredith
Mrs. Meredith, long a friend of Purdue and youth, has left us. The “Queen Of Indiana Agriculture” is no more. For the years of faithful service she gave Purdue and the state, for the manner in which she befriended and aided the young people, and for being the grand lady that she was, we will ever honor the memory of Vir-
ginia C. Meredith.
Police Protection
Since the breakdown of the disreputable wreck used as a squad car, the West Lafayette Police Department has been forced to carry out Its work on foot. This ancient automobile was the object of ridicule from tourists, who viewed the car with disbelief showing on their faces that a city as big as West Lafayette and the home of Purdue University, should have such police equipment. City officials have not as yet done anything to replace the car, so the members of the department have been making plans to hold a Policeman’s Ball to secure funds for the purchase of a new car. The police are at a disadvantage in being forced to cope with the lawless element, which has many modern inventions at its disposal, while the police are poorly equipped. The mere idea of expecting officers on foot to protect citizens and businesses from lawbreakers is ridiculous. The added expense to the taxpayers for the city if the department purchased ^ new squad car would be so small that it would scarcely be noticed. The national highway running through the* center of the city and the extended limits of the city make it impossible for an officer on foot to cover the entire area and enforce motoring laws on tourists passing through. In case of an emergency, an officer is authorized to commandeer a private automobile to chase fleeing criminals, but if, in the chase, the private car is damaged or wrecked, the city is obliged to repair the car or replace it with a new one. It is obvious that it would be cheaper for the city to purchase a squad car without having to experience trouble and suffer a loss which could have been prevented if the police had been equipped to handle the situation. —E. H. K.
Amateurism
Amateur! There was a time when that word had a definite meaning, but today it is almost impossible to give the word a correct definition when it is applied to the sports world. In bygone days athletic events were usually of a local nature and never attracted over a few thousand people at a time. Shortly after the World War, xjiowever, the world went sport crazy. The Davis Cup tennis matches and the Olympic games began to draw larger crowds than ever before, and college football games found capacity crowds where there had only been a few thousand before. Money will affect almost any situation and athletics is no exception. Large amateur tennis clubs, which would make large profits if the Davis Cup matches were awarded to them, forgot that tennis was a rich man’s sport, and began to look for the best talent that the country had to offer. More often than not the best players could not afford to spend more than half of a year playing only tennis. In order to make it possible for these men to play, their expenses were paid. The same problem was faced in regard to the Olympic games, and was answered in the same way. Athletes had their way furnished to various track events Noting the large crowds at football games various universities built large stadiums in order to accommodate the increased crowds. These stadiums had to be paid for and the universities found that sport fans paid only to watch a winning team. Here again it was found that many fine athletes did not possess financial
^ttrbue exponent
Foimdfld in 188S
ftePRESENTED FOR NATtONAI. ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO UOS ANOCLES r PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Sntezed as second class matter at the post Office, Lafayette, ln< diana. Ddivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by simile copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bnsineas Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Edttor-imChief-
EDITOBIAL STAFF
Managing Editor..
Associate Eiditors
.„..W. T. Hunt ~ JL H. Morris
. K. A. Barnette, 3, E. Bro^ A, H. Forster,
B. P. Manion, 0, L. Sadler
Senbomore Assistants Vf. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey,
J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. KeUer, E. H. KeUogg, K. E. O’Neil,, C. O. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance..
■ditor— Aasoelate EdiiDrs-...
WOHBN79 STAFF
Helen Creech
Aidvsrtlsfng Manager-
—JTeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
—JBetty Barnett
Bnsineas Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF
National Adve
Local Advertising ^ Otreolatimi Maaagerl
... .Jt. J. Hulse ...L. H. Brown
J). C. Miller —P. Girard
•ports Mitor.
•POBT8 STAFF
Swostate fjposM Bditorsu-.--—-
JaD, Wood
.W. H. FMeld, S. B. Orifllths,
B. F. Obenehain
Imbb Bditor-~J. A. Chapin
means necessary to attend school, so the universities paid rhany of their necessary school expenses and secured part-time jobs for them. All of these athletes receive money, yet none of them may be classed as true professionals because they receive only a portion of what^ a true professional would receive for similar services, yet it would be often impossible for them to play if they were not paid. The definition of amateurism would not hold in such cases, because all of these men are receiving compensation in some way or another for their services. To complicate matters further, they are not all rewarded in equal terms. A leading amateur tennis player spends a great deal of time travel ing in foreign countries in the finest society, while a track star usually has only his bare expenses paid to a track meet. Furthermore, various amateur associations have different ideas as to what constitutes an amateur for instance if you are a professional baseball player, you can still be an amateur in the eyes of the amateur golf association, but you are a professional in the eyes of college football associations. Dictionaries say that an amateur is the exact opposite of a professional but if matters continue as at present the two will mean practically the same. The only way for amateur athletics to be saved is for the various amateur athletic bodies to assemble as one group and decide as to where the limit is reached on expense money for every sport, and to decide once and for all when an athlete is an amateur and when he is a professional. There is a difference, despite what some people might say to the contrary, but if each separate group continues to adopt its own definition of the term “amateur,” that difference will not last long.—C. D. S.
Throw Them Out
With the coming of winter, the annual crop of fresh air fiends is swinging into action, turning the classrooms into refrigerators and enveloping the inmates in cold gales. The student health service has vigorously denounced those ever-present menaces to healthy, happy living. New buildings on the campus are being constructed with the greatest of pains to secure proper ventilation and freedom from drafts which bring misery to many, but the human factor has not been accounted for.
Students can deal with those of their own number who have the unaccountable urge to throw open windows and doors, sending their classmates into fits of coughing and sneezing, but a few plutocratic professors cause more harm than all the undergraduate members of this peculiar type of enemy to society. In their own realm, they stand above reproof, by dint of their authority, free to force their wishes on their classes. There is little excuse for the “open window” policy of several faculty inembers. The motive, of course, is usually to stamp out the old student custom of sleeping in class, and it is a valid reason to a certain degree, for slumber is easily induced by a hot, stuffy room. The quarrel is not with the method, but with the extent of the application of this policy, for when the professor must throw open five or six windows, loosing upon the class such a breeze as to scatter papers and turn the leaves of an open book, he should subject his lectures and his method of delivery to a thorough search for the cause of the lack of interest on the part of his class. The matter may seem to have more humorous than serious aspects, but actually it has a decidedly strong bearing on student health. Student fresh air fiends are a determined lot, but they can, and will be, dealt with. When approaching faculty members of the “open window” campaign, the use of a higher degree of tact and diplomacy is advised, but the same spirit should be there. Throw out the fresh air fiends! -J.A. C.
The economic future that soybean enthusiasts predicted for the cultivators of the plant is justified by the importance that it now enjoys in United States. Today, the listed industries that look to the soybean for raw materials number more than 300, and the diversifying of the uses of the soybean is just getting underway.
AT THE RASSLE YARIETY WILL BE THE SPICE OF LIFE
SORORITY PINS
THE ABOVE ARE THOSE WHO HAVE WRH DATES
When a woman has no jewels there is nothing she deplores so much as the vulgarity of women who wear jewels—Corvallis Gazette-Times.
Slander can be interpreted from the most meaningless statements, when the interpreter chooses to base his observations on low planes.
All the world loves a fat man—if he answers to the name of Claus—Goshen News-Democrat.
The coaches, it is reported, are quite indifferent to the mixing of motor oil and football. All their pent-up enthusiasm, we guess, is reserved for the first fellow who can develop no-knock alumnus.—Boston Herald.
How is President Roosevelt going to balance the budget? He has simply to sell Maine, Vermont, and Morgan County (Indiana) to Can ada.—Morgan County Back Fence News.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activ ity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
THIS MOST COMPLETE OF ALL FOODS IS ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL TO THE DAILY WELL BEING OF ADULTS AND CHILDREN ALIKE
OUR COTTAGE CHEESE IS PURE, FRESH AND WHOLESOME
Hi H: Hi
Sunshine Farms
Phone 6015
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“How many times I got to tell you, Mr. Doppus—^no soaking! It holds up the works.”
Alpha Beta of Alpha Chi Omega
Open House Sunday, December Thirteenth
Nineteen hundred thirty-six
3 to 6
FAMILY
TODAY - SATDBDAY / TWO FIRST RUN HITS
— and —
COMES TO A SHOP WORN ANCa I
'AkHigCiiiieLove
with .
IRENE HERVEY ^
CHAS. SIARREn
LUMA
TODAY - SATUBDAY
ERROL«FLYNN OLIVIA De HAVILLAND
TkeCHARGEoftlie LIGHT BRIGADE
PATRIC KNOWLES • HENRY STEPHENSON • NIGEL BRUCE • Doasld Crisp • David Nivea • Robert Bsrrai Directed bv Michael Curtis* A Warner Broe Picture — Extra — INA BAY HUTTON AND HER MEL.QDEABS
WITH WILLIAM FRAWLEY Eleanore WHITNEY TOM BROWN LARRY CRABBE BENNY BAKER
— Pina — YACHT CLUB BOYS in «D0UGH-NUT8”
ARC
TODAY - SATUBDAY VIRGINIA BRUCE and EDMUND LOWE in
“Garden Murder Case” — and — BUCK JONES in “Silver Spurs” — also — No. 14 “Clutching Hand”
NOW PLAYING Big Double Feature DICK POWELL JOAN BLONDELL in
STACE STRUCK
Plus Second Feature GRETA NISSEN
in
SPY 77
Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed. STARTING
MIDNITE SHOW
Sat. Nite, 11:30 p. m.
HER HEART WAS TOO BIG FOB ONE MAN TO POSSESS! ONE WORLD WAS TOO SMALL TO SHARK ALL HER LOVEl Where the fluhtingr was thickest . . . her conrasre was highest I Her life was an inspiration to all womankind I Her love a blessing to all mankind! And now the gallant story of this first heroic war nurse is immortalized on the screen by Warner Bros. . . . with all the shocking truth, thrilling beauty and daring realism that made “The Story , of Louis Pasteur” one of the screen’s most memorable masterpieces.
KAY’S CLOAKED IN GREATNESS AS .“f BE:; FIRST :'WOl!dAN:iN WHITE"
Kay Francis
, ) I( liisi ;|v ic; Ii’il >i(:; a i F in,
WHITS ANGEL
IAN HUNTER Doncild Woods . Niqol Rruco > Donald .
Criip « Hoiuy O'Noil) • liilly Maneh ' ’Friday, December 11.1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
1
Hv
' >1. V
Net Squad To Face Bradley
Freshmen Meet Varsity In Game Monday Night
Coach “Piggy” Lambert has seen to it that the Boilermaker net squad meets plenty of competition before playing any of the Big Ten pagers. The game against Bradley Tech tomorrow night is just one of the six fights the Gold and Black has on its hands before meeting Wisconsin on January 4. Next week’s schedule includes a game with the frosh squad on Monday night which will be preceded by a game between the Reamer and the Gimlet Clubs. Wednesday night the Boilermaker squad comes up against the Butler combination. The Purdue boys will be seeking revenge for last year’s upset of 41-39. A week from this Saturday, Lambert’s five will journey to Chicago for a renewal of the rivalry with DePaul.
START BUSINESS
With 250 Letterheads and 250 Envelopes. All Nicely Printed on Good Quality Stock, $2.50. KANE'S PRINT SHOP
401 S. 29th
Phone 5205
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 —8050
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD 3. BISK DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-W erkhoff Company Phone 3882
FLY HOME THIS
CHRISTMAS
Clheaper—more time at home. Call Bad Skinner, Kappa Sie House, campns representative serving all air
lines.
DECEMBER, 12
Last Chance to Buy a
DEBRIS
* at
$i|00
4
Get it now and
SAVE
Debris Office—2nd Floor of Union Bldg.
Lambertmen Have
Excellent 18-Year
Record To Defend
By B. D. Witwer In the past 18 years, “Piggy” Lambert’s proteges have run up an impressive record of wins and averages by dominating the hard|/ood courts of the country with their fast play and deceptive style of “dingdong” basketball. Being located in the heart of Indiana, Purdue teams seem able to capture that certain finishing touch in handling the basketball which has made the state famous. Year after year the Boilermaker squads have been composed almost completely of Hoosiers, and usually the opponents who manage to eke out a win ov^r the touted Purdue cagers have a star or two who hail from Indiana. .725 Average Under Piggy’s direction, Purdue’s hardwood victories in the Big Ten have mounted to 160 out of 207 games played, for average of .725. In games all during the season, the record shows 236 won out of 314, averaging .761. Another glance into the annals of J;he Big Ten shows that Purdue has won four undisputed championships in the last 18 years, and tied for five others. Even in the last three years, the Lambertmen have won one undisputed title, and tied for two others.
Greek Tank
Meet Monday
Large Entry Necessitates Two-Day Affair
Fraternity tanksters will compete in an interfraternity swimming m6et Monday and Tuesday in the Memorial Gymnasium pool at 4:16 o’clock. It is necessary to make the meet a two-day affair because of the large number of teams that will be competing. Teams may be any size, and last year’s rules will prevail except in one instance. The new rule limits the number of events any one man may enter to three. A cup will be given to the fraternity whose team makes the highest poiiit total, and each man on the victorious squad will receive a medal. The order of events is: Monday— 100 yd. free style. 200 yd. breast stroke. 160 yd. back stroke. 160 yd. relay—^four men. Tuesday— 40 yard free style. Fancy diving (4 optional and 4 required). 220 yard free style. / Medley relay—3 men: 40 yard back stroke; 40 yard breast stroke; 40 yard crawl.
4- ■¥
4- ♦
BASKETBALL
—TODAY—
Court 1—Official, McDonald lOO—^Ward 17-a vs. Ward 15. 16—^Ward 2 vs. Ward 4. :26—^Ward 12-x vs. Ward 12. 40—^Acacia vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon Court 2-‘—Official, Gaulke. lOO—Ward 7-x vs. Ward 13. ;1B—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 9. ;26—^Ward 10 vs. Ward 11. '40—^Phi Pi Phi vs. Triangle Court 3—Official, Caporaso :00—^Ward 17 vs. Ward 7 16—^Ward 16 vs. Ward 14. 26—^Ward 1 vs Ward 6 :40—Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda.
Edwin B. Steen, of the University forestry department, left at 8 a. m. yesterday morning for Ann Arbor, Mich., to attend a meeting of the North Central States’ Fish and Game Conference.
POPCORN
FBATEBNITIES AND SOROBITIES CAN BUY IT IN BULK AT A SAVING. '
Dad’s Place
So Handy
IHE A i F
JANUARY ISSUE ON SALE DECEMBER 11
ieldef’s.... ....choice MMBy Bob Walpole
If you notice some of our basketball players wandering about the hardwood very much browned up . . . here’s the reason . . . the athletic department has a sun-tan lamp in the gym ... and some of the boys have been using it. . . —fc— If there is any question in your minds as to Pat Malaska’s physical condition, dismiss it . .. Pat showed that he is in shape by his play on Monday night ^ . . feet are all O. K. again, and yoii will find him at his guard post most of the time this season. .. —^fc— Speaking of basketball men reminds us that Sammy Lyboult is still unable to practice ... he has been off the floor since his operation for water on hip knee. However the wound refuses to heal or clear up . . . however, he will be practicing any day now, and should see plenty of action after the Christmas holiday period .. . —^fc— An extra game coming up Monday night . . . the varsity vs. the freshmen, and a free-for-all entanglement with the Gimlets opposite the Reamers ... it will be a swell opportunity for the fans to see what Piggy Lambert has in store for next year’s team . . . —^fc— This season’s yearlings have been developing quickly.
Runners Train For Indoor Season
Although the coming indoor track season is several weeks away, the distance runners of Coach Orval Martin’s track team have already started practice. Most of the entrants in these events—^the 440, halfmile, mile, and two-mile divisions— were members of the cross-country team and have been in training since the end of the cross-country competition. Practice in the other events will not begin until after Christmas vacation. Coach Martin urges all those interested in making the team to report to him immediately after the Christmas vacation. Martin is especially looking for pole-vaulters and hurdlers, as there is a scarcity of good materials for those two events.
SQUASH
-TODAYCLASS “B”
4‘00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon a Phi. 4:46—THeta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 6 *30—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 6.30—Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Delta Rho 7:16—Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Osly Shaaffw Has All Saraa af Todiqr'a WaMtad Pan Paatwaa
For any gift occasion, what finer gift than • Sheaffer Lifetime pen, matched ensemble, dedc set—beautiful, striking, and guaranteed for the owner’s lifetimel And, ^ving so much, what gift costs so little? '
$2.75 to $10.00 Dry Proof Desk Sets—$5.00 up SEE OUR SELECTIONS
518-20 Main SL
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
CHRISTMAS AT PENNEy*S
The selection of gifts at Penney’s is greater this yearThan ever before! And the prices we’re asking are so much less than you’d expect to pay for such quality! If you’ve never shopped at Penney’s for Christmas gifts you’ll be astounded ... if you’re a regular customer you’ll pat yourself on the back for being wise again this year! Get here soon for best selection!
J. Penney Co.
LAFAYETTE
Squash Team To Play Twice
Racqneteerg Will Travel To Dayton Saturday
The varsity squash tean; will play its third and fourth games of the season Saturday, when it travels to Dayton, Ohio, to meet the University of Dayton’s squad in the afternoon and the Wright Field Officer’s team in the evening. Players who will make up the Boilermaker squad are Lucek, Wakefield, Sokolowski,
CorreeticMii
In the wrftetip «f Hie Golden Gloves tommafttent in
Exponent, the result od Hie £18pound matches were ermneotislv reported, Instead of Day defeating Nash, as stated, Nash was the win-
ner.
Fields, and Brodsky or Jackson. The Gold and Black squashmen have broken even in their two games to date, beating the Kofron Club of Cleveland and losing to Cleveland Club.
Variety. . . . the spice of life
Variety adds enjoyment to every meal . . . and especially varied in wholesome, quality bakery goods.
Graves Quality Bakery
Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
Pre-Xmas Sale Footwear
SUEDES LEATHERS FABRICS PATENTS
This Season’s Newest Styles
BUDGET SHOES — DOWNSTAIRS
Loeb & Hene Co,
PHOENIX SOCKS
FOR CHRISTMAS
Give fhem to Dadj big brother and die "boy friend" to make toem ecsBifcB^table and prov^ of your good taete.’
amait new tones in fine end l^^es, emboc^^&g Icmg-wesu^ng qualities and auftientic style. Any way you lock at it PhoeidK Sodhs toe
50c
£
jlIK!,'
^ '
i '•I 1 hi
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
BU^Iyiyi i!)ecemll)» il>
Cbssified Ads*
TTPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lovely Old Glass — Bric-a-brac, china, prints, many things that will make lovely Christmas gifts. At Moore’s Antique Shop. 220 N. 5th street.
Lady Will Take Full ChargeChildren, home, pets, during your absence and evenings. 65474.
For Sale—^Blue velvet evening dress. Size 18. Phone 7061.
For Rent—^Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
Wanted—Ride to Buffalo, N. Y., or about vicinity on December 19. Ed Franklin. Phone 71062.
Good Printing—Painless prices. Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop. 401 South 29th street.
Wanted—Round-trip passengers to Philadelphia, vacation time. Call Myers 45892, evenings.
The two simultaneous productions of “Hamlet” on Broadway mark the third time this play has been seen in double presentations in New York City.
W. A. A. Pingf Ponsr Tournament—^The following games will be played in the Women’s Gym December 11 at 4 p. m.; Maier vs Newman, at 4:20, E. Price vs. P. George, at 4:40, Hague vs. Rieth. —MAIER.
Newman Club—Combined dance with C. Y. O. December 11 in St. Mary’s Gymnasium. Bob Kelly’s 10-piece orchestra. Admission 26c. —CARTON.
English 1—^Punctuation make-up December 17 at 4 p. m. and at 5 p. m. for students who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor for room assignment. —WYKOFP.
W. A. A. Deck Tennis—Played in large gym December 11 at 4 p. m. First match—Maier and Harry vs. Pell and Reverda. Second match—Swick and Davis vs. G. Walker and W. Gross. Third match—Fleig and Henry vs. Bouton and Newman. -RIETH.
W. A. A.—Shufflcboard—The following games are to be played on Friday December 11: on Court 1 at 4 p. m.—^Harwood and Stone vs. Merritt and Gist: at 4:20— Johnson and Miller vs. Schilling and Beggs ; at 4:40—Beall and G. Walker vs. Blank and Newman. On Court 2 at 4 p. m.— (game A) Petticrew and Laramore vs. Sappeniield and Baker, at 4:20—Campbell and McDermid vs. Auld and Clymer; at 4:40— Jo Cook and Crankshaw vs. Bauer and Jenkins. On Court 3 at 4 p. m.—Yenson and Bougon vs. Beilke and Maxwell; at 4:20 —Delaplane and McDougal vs. Shaffer and Humphreys ; at 4:40—'Arnold and ’Thompson vs. Winner of game B. On Court 4 at 4 p. m.—Greenburg and Cook vs. McFarland and Glaynor, at 4:20—(game B) Fruch and Tugaud vs. Ofenberg and Dammeyer; at 4.40—Harwood and Stone vs. Merritt and Gist. On Court 6 at 4 p. m.—Mohear and Robinson vs. Jackson , at 4:20 — M. Campbell and Vandivier vs. Mann and Watson , at 4:40—Harry and Maier vs. Winner of game A. On Court 6 at 4 p. m.—McKinsey and Stiles vs Yerkes and Ward; at 4 :20—E Johnson and Koch vs. Johnson and Lockner, at 4 40—open for make-up practices _ —MAIER
W. A. A.—Girls who received numerals and wish sweaters meet in the Women’s Gymnasium December 11 at 4 p. m —ARNOLD
-Dance class will, be held in the
December 11 at
P. L A. Memorial Union ballroom
7 p. m.
^ —BUXTON.
Kappa Beta—Anyone welcome to box supper December 11, at 6 p. m. at Christian
Church.
—CRISS.
W. A. A.—Girls who received numerals and wish sweaters meet in the C^'omen’s Gymnasium December 11 at 4 p. m. —ARNOLD.
Spelling Make-up—^December 14, at 4 p. m. and at 6 p. m. for those who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor for assignment. —WYKOFF
Mrs. tit. M. Anderstm. Mrs. Cl. L, Eoster is in chargre 6f the proj^am.
Mrs. W. ‘V. Stuart will entertaifa the Monday club at her home a^ 9Mj4 State street Montiay St 2:^0 o’clock. The program will be under the direction of Mrs. K. Lark-Hor-ovitz.
Mortar Board—^Meeting December 11, at 4 p. m in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. —ADKINS
Cosmopolitan Club—^Meeting December 11 at 7:15 p. m., in room A of the Memorial Union Building Important —CONCIATU.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in the Union office at 4 p. m., December 11. —SHEETS, REID, STALLINGS.
Chess Players—Chess night, December 11, in game room of the Memorial Union Building. —STALLINGS Girls’ Glee Club—All who were not at Eliza Fowler Hall, December 10, report for practice in University Hall at 4 p. i December 11. ^ —BELL.
Club Notes
The Arachne Club will meet this afternoon at the home of Mrs. R. E. Roberts, 134 South Grant street. Preparation of Christmas packages for needy south-end families will take the place of the regular program.
Mrs. H. H. Remmers will entertain the West Lafayette Club Tuesday at 706 Northridge drive. The program will consist of selections by the Purdue Ensemble, and group singing of Christmas carols led by
Arou/,
Q
We invite you to join the rest of the crowd in the Grill Lounge where the lire makes the light. Come in tonight, or anytime, and enjoy the intimacy of the room.
'tut Complete Fountain Service at all times. PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION CORNER OP THE CAMPUS — CENTER OF ACTIVITY
TT
Members of the While-a-While Club will take part in a Christmas exchange to be held Tuesday at the home of Mrs. M. W. Todd, 719 Bexley road.
wAREibEAL t v-doAkrri CHRISTMAS Indiana*^ Ldrgest PRESEfJtS Dancing School Phoiie-2150 For Detailed Information BALLET TAP BALLROOM New Oasses Open January, 1937
CROWN CLEANS and BLOCKS HATS DIFFERENTLY No where else in Lafayette can you get the same Hat Blocking Service that Crown puts out. The ; :7~‘ exclusive method we use makes your hat repellent to water spotting.
No Additional Price Jor this extra Service.
Croi^isi Laundry FINE CLEANERS DF FINE CLOTH'ES
'^Goddess of Time
17 Jewals y*llow rollad gold Plato $29.75
Choose 0 17 Jewel BU LOVA Now at the lowest price «vor.. latest models.. only *29”
WHY NOT? Make Her Happy This Christmas With a Beautiful Watch " n
You can purchase one of these fine watches or any other article of jewelry from us on our easy payment plan.
Let Us Help You Play Santa In a Real Way
GERRY MOHLMAN
GIFTS
St’si Cfjrisitmasi Dainty intimate gifts—those lovely things she might not buy for herself but which she adores to receive— are the kind of presents that any girl most appreciates. Our I i ngerie and costume accessories departments are brimming oyer with enchanting gift ideas. Here youMI find the perfect solution for what to give every lady or young girl on your Xmas list.
Evening and Cocktail Bags
Suede or Kidskin Gloves
Nightgowns of Satin
Shoes and Slippers for Every Occasion Negligees— the Perfect Gift. Gorgeous Satins, Crepes and Taffetas
jAIso many other things to satisfy the feminine desire.
MEN... Feel free to purchase your gifts here. We have a trained force to assist you in your selection. Any gift from Palais Royal may be exchanged after Christmas if it is not satisfactory to recipient.
415 Main Street