i <; 1
House Decorations ff^a I Abb Ib^ And Showmanship Defending Champions
Seek To Repeat Wins By Peg Howard
xponent m JOw/^ Stttc^
Volume 52, No. 40
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, October 25, 1940
James, bring out the limousine, or if you can’t find it we’ll walk; anyhow we’re out to make the rounds of all the fraternity, sorority and co-op houses on campus. No, of course we’re not studying housing conditions, we’re just going to beat the judges to a first glimpse of the
Grads To March Again In Pep Session
Homecoming decorations! Last year’s winners, the Theta Chi’s and Chi Omega’s, have concocted some clever creations in defense of their titles. The Chi O’s
Capacity Audience Applauds Thomas
Sludenls Will Rally Behind Team As
decorations feature an airplane
crash, titled “Eleven Downed In Crash.” Over at the Theta Chi house where they claim their exhibit to be another winner, a steel mill is featured, showing the transformation of Big 9 scrap iron into boilers, with all the necessary processes included.
Registration To Open Alumni Activities As Grads Return For Homecoming
Previous Wiimers Busy Looking at other previous winners, the Kappa Sig’s have a water fall with appropriate scenery, titled “Wisconsin Falls” decorating their front lawn. The Alpha Xi Delta’s exhibit shows the contrast between the victorious Purdue team and the defeated Wisconsin eleven after Saturday’s game. The Wisconsin boys are drowning their sorrows in Wilt-more tavern, while the Purdue boys are taking it easy at “the end of a perfect day.” Catching glimpses of a few more decorations we spot a clever exhibit at the Theta house. The theme here is “It’s time to change the Record” with an old-fashioned phonograph holding the spotlight. Beside the phonograph are several records, reminders of our losses, which have already been played, and the new record Purdue Victory March. On Waldron, the Sig Ep’s have decorated with a theater theme. The outside of a theatre, marquis ticket office and all is shown, with a double feature horror show “Moider on the Gridiron” and “Butchery of the Badgers” advertised.
Varied Program
Planned For Day
Tough Job For Judges Well, from what we’ve seen it looks as if the judges will have a hard time picking the two best. And lemember we didn’t see half of ’em! Jiminy, didn’t know their were so many people with ideas around. This year a new judging plan will be tried. Each house will be judged twice, once by day and once by night. The judging will start tonight and the second judging will be tomorrow morning. As in previous years, prizes will be given by the alumni association to the winning fraternity and sorority houses, p. h.
Lou Breese Brings Band For Homecoming
Mixer In Both Union Ballrooms Tonight
By Martha Jane Fox Lou Breese, who is bringing his “Breezy Rhythm” orchestra to play for the homecoming mixer tonight, could well /be called the “Prom King” of New England. While he had his band in his home town, Boston, he had a monopoly on all of the college proms, including those
Besides leading the orchestra, Lou plays equally well on two wholly unrelated instruments, trumpet and banjo. Singer “Skip” Morr, one of the singing stars with the Breese band, was born in Chicago and attended Northwestern University, where he played in the University band for two years as first trombonist. Morr also joined Ted Weems orchestra for a short time.
Because of Lou Breese’s timeliness in making a new arrangement of the old English folk tune, “Come To The Fair,” John S. Young, radio director of the New York fair, figured out a means of adopting it as promotion for the fair. The “Breezy Rhythm” records were played on the loudspeaker system on the fair grounds and were the only records played on which announcement credits were given to the orchestra.
Lou Breese
of Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth, M. I. T., Williams, Groton and Andover. His band also played for an average of 90 Back> Bay debutante parties. Cloister and Old Colony dances, each season.
Honored At Fair The fair officials held an official “Lou Breese Day” this September, the only other orchestra leader to be so honored thus far this year has been Rudy Vallee. The mixer tonight will be the first dollar and a half mixer of the present school year. The music begins at 9:16 in both ballrooms. m.jJ. •
J. C. Thomas Airs Views While
Alumni Registration at 2 o’clock this afternoon in the Union will open festivities of the 1940 Homecoming celebrations. Following registration, visitors will be free to visit and inspect various new campus buildings. Highlight of today will be the alumni banquet at 6 p<. m. in the Union ballroom. At this time nine senior members of the 1916 Boilermaker football team will star again, being the guests of honor. W. Henry Roberts of Indianapolis, vice-president of the Alumni association, will be toastmaster at the dinner and will present silver trophies to the men who this year are celebrating their silver anniversary. Members of the squad to receive trophies^are: Frank Blocker of Hammond, Kenneth R. Bishop of Paris, 111., Rex Landis of Indianapolis, Jay A. McIntosh of Detroit, Mich., Paul S. Mason of Defiiance, O., Chase Montgomery of Los Angeles, California, Van Tuyl Oxer of Miami, Fla., Cecil Pults of Lake Worth, Fla., and Paul L. Walter of Canton, Ohio. Breese Plays , Lou Breese and his nationally famous orchestra will furnish dinner music for the banquet, and the University Glee club under the direction of Al Stewart will also entertain. Tickets to the informal dinner may be purchased for one dollar at the alumni association office in the Union. Following the banquet, activities for the evening include the pep session parade to start at the Union and end in a bonfire at North Stuart field, the Playshop presentation of
Feasting In Dark Blue Pajamas
By Virginia Barson “We want a snappy feature on John Charles Thomas for Friday’s paper; park on his doorstep and get a personal interview with him— make it good!” From 11 o’clock in the morning until 6:20 in the evening we tried to see him. Finally at 6:30 we got the key to his room and barged in. Much to our embarrassment J. C. was eating in his pajamas. His dinner consisted of a steak, lecttuce salad, rolls, milk, and tea—^no dessert, girls. He ate and talked at the same time. A Golfer It seems that Mr. Thomas is fond of sports, golf in particular. At one time he belonged to sixteen goK organizations from New York to San Francisco. He is president of his own private club in Maryland. One of his other pastimes is speedboat racing. He holds the world’s speed record for fiat bottom inboard motorboats. When asked about his habits he replied, “I like to eat but can’t eat too njiuch because it makes me fat.
I smoke Oxford Blue cigarettes and a pipe.” Thomas said personal appearances always frightened him. His tour which began October 6, will last until May 4. During this time he will appear with Metropolitan in grand opera. He has been married for five years and claims that his wife bosses him around. “Stay single” is his advice to young men. His wife keeps house, plays golf and takes care of the dog. Having no legal ^residence his home is on the Masquerader, a yacht anchored in the Miles river in Maryland. Mr. Thomas discovered he had musical talent when he was five years old, and developed it somewhat in musical and (^ramatic activities in Carlyle Preparatory School in Pennsylvania. His finished training was received at the Peabody Conservatory. The University Fieldhouse impressed him very much and he considers Purdue as a whole a great opportunity for young people.
“Susan and God” in Fowler Hall at 8, decoration contest judging at 9, and the homecoming dance in both ballrooms of the Union with music by Lou Breese at 9:16. Saturday morning, following registration at 9, two freshmen football teams will match skills in the practice field. At the Athletic field the alumnae women vs. senior women will play a hockey game. At 10 o’clock at the practice field Wisconsin’s cross country team will compete against the University team. Eat Before Game Special luncheons have been planned by the classes of 1911 and 1916
'SusanAndGod'
EXPONENT PHOTOGRAPH BY ARCHIBALD
Performance Draws Elliott, Elward Talk
Ovation From Crowd
to be^ held m the north and south ballroom, respectively. Other luncheons will be held at the various Housing places on the campus. Highlight of the celebration, the Wisconsin game, will start at 1:30. Immediately after the final gun the alumni will gather on the gridiron for various class reunions, followed by an adjournment to the Union for a smoker and tea dance. Playshop again will present “Suson and God” Saturday night and Mau^y Mahn will play for the regular mixer. Sunday morning, special services will be given in West Lafayette and Lafayette churches.
Changing laughs to tears amid ovation from six thousand students, faculty and townspeople in the Hall of Music last night, John Charles Thomas and his accompanist. Carroll Hollister provided two hours of real enjoyment at the second of the year’s convocations. Thomas opened the program with ^Tu Lo Sai,” a slow, quiet, love ballad by Torelli and followed this by four other semi-classical numbers. The second portion of the program consisted of thre’e piano solos by Carroll Hollister. They were “Bouree” by Saint-Saens, “The Submerged Cathedral” by Debussy and “Malaguena” by Lecuona. As an encore he played the well-known “Claire de Lune”-''by Debussy, Returns Thomas then returned to sing the recitative and aria “Salome !”Mfrom Herodiade by Massenet. His first encore was “The Lord’s l^rayer” by Mallott. The remainder of the program, which was by far the larger part, was devoted to American folk songs. Thomas began them with a Stephen Foster melody, “Gentle Annie.” Next he sang a rollicking Cowboy song in which he whistled the last chorus to the delight of the audience. At this point he sang “Home on the Range” as a special selection. The succeeding four numbers included a comedy number, “The Deaf Woman’s Courtship,” and a negro spiritual, “Take My Mother Home.” “Toreador Song” from Carmen by Bizet and “Annie Laurie” by Robert Burns wpre Thomas’s next two encore numbers. Both of these were greatly appreciated by the large audience.
“K I’m not there you’ll know Pm stuck someplace between here and Columbus!” That is the telegram yell manager Bill Delmer received yesterday from President Elliott, now in Columbus, O., concerning the huge homecoming pep rally planned for tonight at 8:46. Starting from the comer of State and Grant streets, students and the old grads will carry their banners in aparade behind the military band and the locomotive mascot to Stuart Field. Zuck Directs Head yell leader Johimy Zuck will direct the rally on Stuart Field where President Elliott, Mai Elward, and Frank Blocker, captain and center of the 1916 football team, will give speeches. The three will ride to the field in the iron mascot. “We’ll send Elward back to the team at Mudlavia knowing that we’re 100 per cent behind them,” Zuck said last night, and appealed to every person coimected with the University to turn out. Gold Peppers, Reamers, Gimlets and Skull and Crescents are sponsoring the pep session, j.l.t.
R. M. Horn To Head
State Association Of
Speech Instructors
Faculty Members To
Speak At Conference
Of Parents, Teachers
IN A SETTING from the current Playshop prociuction, pictured above, are from left to right: Dorothy Anne Canfield as Blossom, Marianna Duke as Charlotte, Jean Montgomery as I rene.
Parents’ institute will be conducted by the school of home economics Wednesday and Thursday, October 30 and 31. The department is working in collaboration with the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers in bringing the special program to the public. The meeting will open with registration at 9:30 Wednesday morning in the auditorium of the home economics building. Mrs. James L. Murray will give the opening address. Dr. Marion L. Mattson, director of nursery schools, will speak on the objectives of parent educa-\ tion. In the afternoon H. E. Wilkening, department of physical education for nien, will discuss marriage courses in high schools and colleges. A tour of the campus will complete activities for the day. Most of 1’hursday morning will be spent visiting various classes of the University. At 10 o’clock Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will tell of “Letters To A Dean.” Thursday afternoon A. P. Stewart, director of music, will discuss music suitable for parent-teacher meetings. Other speakers will be Dr. Mary K. Ade, physician, on “Keeping the Family Healthy,” and Dr. F. B. Knight, director of division of education and applied psychology, on “Training for Self-respect.” The meeting will close with a general discussion under the leadership of Mrs. Harry Bain. ^ The conference will he open to the general public. No registration fee will be charged. w.m.c.
Robert M. Horn of the University Speech Department was unanimously elected State president of the Indiana Association of Teachers of Speech at the annual Teacher’s Convention in Indianapolis, Thursday, October 24. This organization represents all of the speech teachers in the High Schools and Universities in Indiana. Mr. Horn has been a member of the Board of Directors of this Association for the past three years and has served on numerous committees of the group during this period. At the present time, he is Director of the Student Speaker’s Bureau and editor of the “Hoosier Speaker,” a monthly University publication that devotes its time to reporting the speech activities of the state. mJ.l.
Rural Youth To Convene
At ACIA Convention Here
Committees will be organized for work in conducting the conference of the American Country Life Association, to be held on campus next month, at a special meeting in Agriculture Hall today at 4:00 p. m., according to Frank Goris, who is in charge of organizing student support for the. conference. The American Country Life association is a national organization of rural youth. The conference, which will be held at the Universil?>f on November 6-9, will be attended by young people from all parts of the country. The general objectives of the conference are to seek solutions to some of the problems faced by rural youth, both those who are attending collego and those who are of college age but have not had the opportunity to further their educations. Dean H, J. Reed and Associate Dean V. C. Freeman of the Depart* ment of Agriculture, and Professor O. P, Hall of the department of education are acting as faculty advisors during the preparations for the conference. X% ^ ft f ^
M!
) I
fo (? r f
i 4) ^
f I
} < I
l\[
ti ' It Si I i
b
b\ i !
iW
t, ) ■}i.’
.’’’i I . ^
'Vr, 1
7 >
,«f I
1 <^vS
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 25. 1940 H
From out of the maelstorm of political mutterings
to change horses. In the middle of Bull Run Crick.
Other people have talked about it, but they never got around to pulling the swap. However, this is the real thing. With live horses. With fur on them.
It is supposed to be symbolic. We guessj But since day before yesterday we’re not too sure of what. If you remember, it was the day before yesterday that F. D. R. broke down. And gave his first political speech. Of the season.^
Vendl said; quoting from the aspirant to the crown, “By public bribery and usurpation of functions formerly delegated to the states, the New Deal has sought to make the various state and local governments subservient to Washington.” Which makes this swapping business a horse of a different color. Because. For the first time since the founding of the grand old party. The Republicans are hollering for states rights.
The Purdue Exponei^
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in l>afayette, Indianii, nnder the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, a^ of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durins the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief B. W. Donahue Business Manager.... - Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor — — J. H. McKee Managing Editor _— D. K. Heiple Associate Editors; W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, Ik W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford: Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenw^d. Co-ed Staff Editor . .. .Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor.-. . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. ^
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
liay Editor
t Editor: Adamson
SiesS
Night Editor: Skallerup
Issue Editor; Hadley Sports
Staff R. Tewksbury, B. S. Kolb, D. T. Brophy, R. E. Horne, N. Zachary, M. L. Losey; J. D. Frasier, M. Fifield,
M. B McHaffie, V. Barson.
By the headlines we see a broad hint that the French are going to make a deal with the Nazis. They even went so far as to say that they: BELIEVE NAZIS WILL GET VITAL MILITARY BASES And our views are very much in accordance. The
Nazis will get the bases. If Adolph wants them.
The deal also includes an agreement that the French can keep their navy. And don’t have to fight the English. However, the navy is to defend the ceded military bases against attack. Which will make it difficult to live up to the letter of the law. If, and when, the British decide to move in.—dkh
New Book By Stratton, Schleman Discusses Collegiate Problems
Band Prepares New Formation For Kizer
By Beth Simpson (Exponent Co-ed Editor)
One of the most recent publications by faculty members of the University is the book Your Best Foot Forward by Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, and Helen B. Schleman, director of the women’s residence halls. Subtitled Social Usage for Young Moderns, it deals with everyday problems of the young people throughout the country and questions of social usage that members of the younger generation meet frequently during daily life. Questionnaire Basis Based directly upon 6,200 questions asked by college students, it is a practical, up-to-date column, discussing those questions which are especially interesting to college students. Students in nine co-educa-tional colleges and universities throughout the. country asked the questions in social usage which puzzled them most. In order to answer these questions the authors sampled the opinion of college leaders, both men and women, on 59 campuses. The questions themselves appear in the book along with a discussion of each and of matters relating to the subject. Emphasis has been placed upon those problems, which according to ttie students, most frequently cause difficulty, and not on those subjects usually found in etiquette books. What should you dp about rising when you Rre introduced to another person ? Does one use academic titles in making introductions ? When should one shake hands ? What is the proper way to eat artichokes ?
Your Best Foot Forward deals competently with these problems as well as problems of social communication of all forms, the art of extending and receiving courtesies, entertaining and being entertained, traveling, personal appearance and correct dress for formal occasions, business trips and concerts. Interesting Chapter Probably the most interesting chapter in the book is the one on dating. “Why do boys call up and ask ‘what are you doing tonight?’ instead of asking for a definite date which you may either accept or refuse,” is one question frequently asked by girls. In answering this question the general opinion stated on the questionnaires is that if a boy thinks the matter through he will see thpt it is much more of a compliment to him for the girl to accept if she has had a chance to refuse him than if she had no choice. “When a girl must refuse a date should she say she is going to be busy or give a specific reason or excuse?” Just under half the students answering this question on their own campus say that a girl needs to give a specific excuse. Accepted practice on the remainder of the campuses is about equally divided between the two camps. Unless you mean to discourage a date, give a specific reason instead of an excuse. Two-thirds of the student leaders who expressed their opinions said Dutch treats were socially acceptable and that it was proper for a girl to offer to help pay the expenses of an evening under certain circumstances.
Last drill on new formations on which the Military Band has been working in preparation for Homecoming, was held in the Stadium last evening. Everything is in readiness for the band to put on one of its best shows of the year. The three baton twirlers are in top condition, . and should present one of their best exhibitions at Saturday’s game. The band has been working very hard recently to perfect special formations for the occasion. They plan to present a formation in honor of “Nobe” Kizer, who was always a great booster of the band and its activities. The returning alumni will also be honored with a special formation. For the first time this season, the band will participate in a pre-game ceremony, playing the “Star Spangled Banner,” while the colors are being raised, r.l.h.
Staff Men To Lead Discussion Groups
Beginning Sunday, October 27, at 9:30 the Univeristy Presbyterian church will offer a six weeks series of three discussion and study groups. Dr. W. E. Howland, of the Civil Engineering school, will lead a series on the topic, “The Social Responsibilities of an Engineer.” Dr. Gordon Graves, of the mathematics department, will teach the course on “Life of JeSus.” Reverend Robert S. Thomas, assistant Presbyterian student pastor, will lead the group which will discuss the topic “The Church and Social Action.”
WE WILL SUIT YOU
/
HAVE YOUR NEW FALL CLOTHES ^
CUSTOM
TAILORED
BY V ^
SPARRENDAHl i 4TH and FERRY
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
TIM McCOY MARION SHILLING
in
"THE WESTERNER"
— AND —
ALEKANDER KORDA presents 'PRISON WITHOUT BARS' Released Thru United Artists ALSO.
PLUS
FIRST RUN PATHE NEWS
Vocational Guidance Course For Women On Campus. Nov. 12
By Mary Burtsfield
“Feminine Futures” introduces the theme of the WSGA vocations guidance conference scheduled to take place November 12 and 13. Miss Sarah G. Blanding, Dean of Women at the University of Kentucky, and principal speaker at the conference will speak at the opening session on Tuesday evening, November 12. Her subject is “Today’s Challenge to You.” President E. C. Elliott and Jacqueline Cochran, world famous aviatrix and business woman, will 'dose the conference on Wednesday afternoon. Wednesday, November 13, will see the conference in full swing with five different periods of discussion beginning in the morning. Five different types of discussion sessions will be run at each conference period. Speakers at the conference will be guests of the residence halls for luncheon on Wednesday.
Foundation Plans Hallowe'en Outing
All students are invite^ to take part in the Hallowe’en party to be held at 8:30 p. m. on Saturday evening, October 25, by the Christian Foundation. The group will meet at 126 S. Chauncey and will go from there to Kemmer’s cottage on the Tippecanoe river for the evening. Everyone should wear his most comfortable and spectacular clothing, to the party, which will take the form of a masquerade. Prizes will be awarded to the girl and boy having the best costumes. Refreshmnets will be served. A fee of fifteen cents will be charged each participant, r.l.h.
F.V. Smith Prepares New Farm Income Summary
F. V. Smith, assistant in farm management research, has prepared a summary of the incomes of 290 farm security administration farmers. He will present the data secured from the summary of these low income farms to the field supervisors of the farm security administration at three meetings held today, Monday and Wednesday, d.e.b.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
A Singin' Swingin' Laughin' Lovin' Jamboree of Jam I
PLUS-
James Fenimore Cooper's Mighty Drama of a Nation's Birth!
THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS with RANDOLPH SCOTT BINNIE BURNS HENRY WILCOXOM
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Lickiy
“Don’t worry about intelligent conversation, Janice—^Just act shy, deep and mysterious!"
Gilbreth Tours East Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood For Lecture Series Will Speak At Fort Wayne
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management in the school of engineering, is making an extended trip through the East, for a series of lectures and conferences. While on tour. Dr. Gilbreth will deliver the Founders Day address at the Sweet Briar College in Virginia. Two other stops are at the University of North Carolina and Raleigh, N. C. Next Monday, Dr. Gilbreth will go to New York City to lecture and attend meetings. One of her lectures will be on motion study. Later in the week she will speak before the Newark College of engineering. *
Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, a member of the men’s physical education department of the university, is one of the featured speakers before the athletic section of the Northeastern Indiana Teachers’ Association meeting at Fort Wayne this week-end. Professor Eastwood discussed “Problems and Trends in Safety and Physical Education Activities” befor the teachers’ group this afternoon, and tomorrow morning will speak on “Fitness in a democracy.” r.r.r.
TODAY —SATURDAY
DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, it. wll* RITA HAYWORTH THOMAS MITCHELL
LUMA
Today - Sat.—1 Hits
BANISHED!
WhSlo hor loyal hoaxt kapt M£e the Mcrot that throatanad nationa
Wll£
moME cowu • K> run •um cMitn • mum mu
PLUS—2ND FEATURE..
Starts TOMORROW
FHEY MADE HIM FAMOUS ...HE MADE THEM MEN!
t < a • I I H o
PAT O’BRIEN
GALE PAGE-BONALD REAGAN DONALD CRISP
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
h
h
A ^
18'
^ I
y ^
> 1
4 ^
8“ ®'^1 H \ ^ ''i’
^ « I i ! ,
I <11- I ( ^ I
' " If
lt‘ L
^fj V ! •*
1
^ -vi »-vJy r^'i' ^ ‘^'*■,^4''
? { f 4'^'
III Friday, October 25, 1^40
£xfwmnk Pcupi
* #
Rfejuviiiated Riveter Lineup Faces Badger Eleven Tomorrow
SwininiersToPutOnGalaShowThis Afternoon At 4 P M In Fieldhouse
Plenty Of Stars To Appear As Riveter Tankmen Splash In Pool For Homecomers
At 4:00 p. m. in the Fieldhouse pool, Dick Papenguth’s galaxy of mermen will give the Homecoming celebrators their first sports event of the week-end—an intra-squad race. More than 25 swimmers will participate^ with many thrills promised in the first for varsity supremapy. To mako the events of the after- mi.
noon even more interesting for the spectator^, Dick has installed an electric clock with a large second hand. In this way both the audience and the swimmers can check on the times of the various races. Pour ex-higk school stars will lead the battle for the Rhinies against the veterans. Claude LaBaw, state champ, and Phil Snyder, a speedster from Buffalo, will be the big splash in the 220. Two frosh backstrokers are expected to be up in front in this event, Jack Carroll, who placed in the state meet, and John Dilley, the National Y.M.C.A. champion.
‘The varsity is not lacking in stars however, with an array of power that includes intercollegiate state champ, Dick Kratzer, and Jim Carney, national half mile record holder. The latter is a sophomore, and in practice has been swimming faster times than that which won conference last year. One of the fastest men on the team is little Freddy Herr, who Dick hails as a coming champ. Weighing only 126 pounds Freddy is the smallest man in the conference, but he makes his presence known by the way he swims.
tFhere Every Shirt Is An ARROW SHIRT HERSEY^S
507 Main St.
Lahr Hotel Building
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Do you know what week this isf? This is the week every self-respecting college man should look over his shirt drawer and his tie rack . . . see what he needs , . . and then hustle to his Arrow dealer. For it’s National Arrow Week! This is the week all the new patterns arrive .. . this is the week stocks of Arrow Shirts, Shorts, Ties, and Handkerchiefs are at their peak. Get your semester’s supply of Arrows now.
ARROW SH!ATS COLLARS . .. TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEF^ . . . UNDERWEIAR
Harriers To Face Badgers Saturday Tomorrow, the Purdue cross country team takes on "li^isconsin, last year’s Big Ten champs. The Badgers come here with another strong team whiph has designs on Big Ten honors again this year, l The Wisconsin lads hpld an ‘evil eye^-over the Boilermaker harriers, for a Purdue team has yet to bd victorious over their Madison rivals. The Gold and Black has always put a strong team on the track but a victory over Wisconsin still eludes
them.
Holderman Should Win Although Purdue cannot count too strongly on winning this year, coach Phillips feels confident that Captain Ed Holderman will lead the field to the tape. Ed has yet to lose a race this year. The start of the race has been timed so that it will finish between halves of thp freshman football game. The runners will cover a grueling three and a half mile route with the first five men on each team to finish counted in the scoring. Starters in next Saturday’s race are expected to be captain Ed Holderman, Me Laughman, Appleton, Reeves, Jarvis, Stanley and Marozick. The team is in good condition and the Boilermaker spirit may yet bring the long sought for victory,
e.m.l.
All-Campus Walking Race Scheduled For Next Week The annual all-campus crosscountry walking contest will be held Thursday, October 31, at 4:30 p. m. on Intramural field. The course will be three times around the field, a total of two and a half miles. All men registered in school are eligible and urged to compete. To the winners of the first four places medals will be given.
ARROW SHIRTS
at
roi blHi ,
DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
^kl>Nl 3601
An
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Yesterday while entering the Union Building, I was fortunate enough to be introduced to the father and mother of two famous Purdue football players of past and present, the Brock boys’ parents of Stafford, Kansas. And after a few minutes conversation with Mr. and Mrs. Brock, I can well see the source of consideration and friendliness that sticks out of Lou and Junior Brock. Two finer lads can’t be found in Boilermaker history. —I-I— Brock Sr., is on a two wpek vacation, and has it well filled in v^atching Green Bay and Purdue play football. Last week, the Brocks were in Green Bay to watch Lou play against Detroit; today they are heije to watch the Wisconsin game tomorrow; tomorrow night they leave for Milwaukee to watch Lou play on Sunday, and going home they will stop off at Iowa City to watch Purdue play Iowa next Saturday. Some program, eh! No wonder the Brock boys are football players; they have the stuff bom in them. —I-I— Some one was kind enough to clip an editorial from The Football News, a weekly grid paper, concerning the Ohio State substitution mistake ^against Purdue. I give it to you for what it is worth in your estimation, but as for this son of Erin, it clear^iy shows our football coach for what he is underneath, win or lose. I’d rather have Mai than a winner any day, especially when he exemplifies such mannerisms. —I-I— Here’s the clipping: Purdue lost
!ltEAVaier-Bloe«al ^ih a new
The IJTWVERSITY $5.00 'I Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a felt bindingof contrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. tensa. U S. PATENT OFFICE
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette :■— See these new styles and shades before yon buy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $^.00
SOOMAIllsL
it- .. -A> ->
Injury-Ridden Boilermakers Hope To Even Gridiron Series With Wisconsin's Gridders Drawing near the conclusion of almost two weeks of strenuous drill a new Boilermaker football machine is about to emerge. Several changes are likely to be seen in the starting line-up due to injuries and other causes. It is hoped by Gold and Black rooters that the new combinations will show up at least as
well as the older ones. Injuries Hurt ,
Among the not so happy results of recent greuling scrimmages is the injury of that up and coming sophomore right half-back Merlin Gantz. According to the backfield coach Taube, Gantz had been doing noble work for the past few weeks and his loss will be keenly felt by the squad. The accident occurred Wednesday evening whpn Gantz was tackled while returning a kick. The fractured ankle incurred by Gantz will keep him out of competition for the remainder of the sea-
son.
Possible starters at the guard positions nex^ Saturday are Miller and Melton, however Jack Winchell will as likely as not start the game at the right ^uard post instead of Melton. Neff and Timperman will probably hold down the tackle spots. Although the shift of left tackle O’Bryan has considerably strengthened the guard position it has had exactly the opposite effect upon the situation in the tackle post.
the game by the close 17-14 score; so had the rules been strictly administered, there is little question but that Purdue would have benefited. However, the camera revealed the violation and stirred up quite a controversy. Fortunately for football, Coach Mai Elward is a fine gentleman who took the mistake very gracefully and assured his team and followers that since the violation was wholly unintentional and had been overlooked at the time, it was best to forget it. Coach Francis Schmidt, Ohio State, was sorry about the mistake and apologized to the Boilermakers for it. It was something that was done during the excitement of the contest and was certainly nothing that Coach Schmidt would have allowed if he had been aware of the situation. So in this case, spectators, players, and fellow coaches are given a lesson in sportsmanship by two fine gentlemen in the coaching ranks. One was strong enough to recognize his mistake and apologize for it, and the other was courteous enough to accept the apology and close the affair.
Rankin and Combs Combs and Rankin, if he is able to play, are t^ start the Homecoming battle at the wing spots. If Captain Rankin’s broken nose makes it impossible for him to play, however, Rush win be the man to take his place. McAfree, Shimer, and King are the men waiting to take over the end spots in case of injury to the starters. Hard fighting Ted Axton will as usual start the game at the center post, with Leugo and Van Aken providing ample reserve strength. Little trouble is expected to be encountered at this position since all of these boys are looked upon as quite near tops in their profession. Big John Petty is likely to see duty at the right halfback spot where he played during his sophpmore year. If this change is made Schumacher or Buffington will take care of the fullback spot while Galvin will play opposite Petty at left half. Either Smerke or Snyder will be seen at the quarterback spot. Evading the activities of Homecoming which imght prove harmful, Elward’s football stalwarts will journey to Mudlavia tomorrow where they will spend the night. Taking the team away from Homecoming activities has always been the custom in other years and this custom is merely being followed
again.
Freshman Game Leading off the activities for Saturday is the Intra-squad game which Coach Burnham’s freshman football men will play. Always much looked forward to by Riveter football fans since it gives them an insight into what future Boilermaker grid squads will be, the game is to start at 10:30 Saturday morning. d.w.m. Schedules
I
Touchball — Friday, October 25
Field
1 Ward 3 vs Ward 4 (J B Close) 2 “■ ■ “ “
8 4 5 6 7 8
Ward 6 vs Ward 12 (McCarthy) Ward 21 vs Ward 26 (McAdams) Ward 22 vs Ward 28 (Bembard) Ward 6 vs Ward 33 (Sbaw Ward 11 vs Ward 29 (Hawkins) Ward 27 vs Ward 1 (Skinner) Ward 8 vs Ward 24 (Schreiber)
Softball —^Friday, October 25 Diamond 1 Ward 2 vs Ward 31 (Final) (Goldstein-Mann)
POPCORN
DAD'S
If it is from Dad's you know it
PUCE
must be good.
So Han^
HimPKERCHIIF TINT vini zoHG niuinvs spohess
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quali ty and value. WM. DEMUTH ft CO., NEW YORK
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YMSi wtuMt «T taumm , ORRfi STORES
1 < i‘■•■Ilk
i'U'
l3 ^ 'll
il!
.
I?"
ii|
i
I;!'*'.-
Sii
PURDUE /EXPONENT
Friday# October 25, 1940
H
Jinudi^ Jalk
Stratton, Schleman Write
Him And Her n j-^mkiepieck
This week-end the campus welcomes back all the loyal old alumni who still have a soft spot in their heart for the “scenes of old Purdue.” After looking at the program of events scheduled for their enter- ■ tainment, it’s our guess that they’ll all go home and rest up for a week. Not that they can’t take it; the program is one that will wear out even the brawniest of students. And beside the scheduled events there are those parties and “guzz” sessions that always last until the wee hours of the morning. —H & H— Festivities will be off to a “swingy” start at the homecoming mixer in the Union ballrooms starting at 9:15 tonight. Lou Breese and his orchestra ■will furnish their famous “breezy rhythms.” A good orchestra, a big crowd . . . sounds like one of the best dances of the year. —H & H— We’re anxious to see what this year’s crop of pledges can work up in the way of homecoming decoration. From the rumors we’ve heard, there are going to be some clever exhibits that will really be worth seeing, don’t miss them! —H & H— ' Dances and still more dances . . . if you feel you need a little exercise after the game tomorrow, don’t forget the tea dance in the Union until 6 o’clock. Maury Mahns will play for this dance and also for the mixer that will come later in the even-
Phi Sigma Kappa
. . . social fraternity, announces the following additional pledges: George H. Kimball, Hartford City; David W. Shook, Eaton; Edwin L. Karpick, Buifalo,,N. Y.; William E. Blessing, Jr., Hamburg, N. Y.; Frank Witrey Jr., Anderson.
ing.
—H & H— The boys in Cary Hall south are doing their bit to make this homecoming a happy one. They’re having an informal dance at the hall tomorrow evening. Jack Kirk’s orchestra from the University of Illinois will furnish the rhythm.
Bowling Statistics PRATAERNITY BOWLESTG STANDINGS Bracket A Won Lost Tied Alpha Gamma Rho 3 0 0 Phi Delta Theta 3 0 0 Delta Tau Delta 2 10 Phi Kappa Sigma .i 2 10 Triangle 2 10 Sigma Nu 12 0 Tau Kappa Epsilon 12 0 Theta Chi , 12 0 Phi Kappa Tau 0 3 0 Pi Kappa Alpha 0 3 0 Bracket B Won Lost Tied Delta Upsllon 3 0 0 Phi Kappa Psi 3 0 0 Acacia 2 10 Beta Sigma Psi 2 10 Alpha Tau Omega 111 Phi Gamma Delta 111 Phi Sigma Kappa 12 0 Theta Xi ' 12 0 Alpha Sigma Phi 0 3 0 Beta Theta Pi 0 3 0 High Individual Series Heck, Phi Sigma Kappa B65 Shimer, Theta Chi B42 Navta, Beta Sigma Psi 637 Adamson, Delta Tau Delta 636 Horral, Alpha Gamma Rho 635 High Team Series Delta Tau Delta 2349 Delta Upsilon ' 2330 Alpha Gamma Rho 2330 High Individual Game Fisher, Triangle 217 Heck, Phi Sigma Kappa 214
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
Risk Denial Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Phone 3928 Res. 6431 MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Lafayette, Indiana
• Jewelers
Hays Jewelry Co< Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices \ EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Electrical Supplies Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda-Lamps Hot Point . Ail Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 462H
Classified Ads
to 8 p .m. This is very important. —LANIUS.
Cosmopolitan Club; Meeting and pledging, Friday, October 26, at 4:80 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Initiation vrill he Sunday, October 2Y, at 8 p. m. in the same room. —CORTISSOZ.
ASME: All members who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may get them at Professor Cope’s office any day this week except Friday from 9 to 10 a. m. —COOLEY.
AH Students: Interested in doing sket^eA for 1941 Debris see Jean Jones Debris office at 4 p. m. from October 22-26. If you have any sample sketches, submit them lat once. Judging next week. ^ —JONES.
■4)i
Russ-Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal will be held Monday, October 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 807 of the Union, Everybody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
Male Students: Desiring to Are on 4th novice pistol group may sign' up now in the supply room of the Armory. This groups staris firing November 6, 1940. —WASSMAN.
Aero Modelers: There will be a meeting at 7:80 p. m. Friday, October 26, in room 8BB. ' —OBARSKI.
Just off the press is a new book by Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, and Helen B. Schleman, director of the women’s residence halls at the University. Entitled Your Best Foot Forward, it is an attractive and imeresting volume dealing with accepted standards of social iisage for young people of college age. The book is unique in that it treats only the matters which we, as students, are primarily concerned. There are no lengthy descriptions of the proper preparations of a formal wedding reception, or the duties of a father at his debutante daughter’s coming-out party. Instead, it answers practical, down to earth questions that confront us every day. Guided by questions that were asked by students and answered by questionnaires and discussion groups in colleges throughout the country, Dean Stratton and Miss Schleman have compiled a book which solves most of the everyday problems of current social code. The information that each chapter contains is informative,. and will be beneficial to Purdue students. An attractive, interesting book, it is a distinct credit to Dean Stratton and Miss Schleman.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
All Ags and Home Ecs: Group that attended initial meetings concerning the American Country Life Association’s National Convention please attend meeting in room 118 Ag ^all, Friday, October 26, at 4 p. m. —ARVIDSON.
AH Sophomores: Call out for all sophomores interested in working on the editorial staff of 1941 Debris. Report to Debris office at 4 p. m. October 22-26. —JONES.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 29, room 134, EE building. P. H, Reedy will speak on "Resistance-Capacitance Audio Filter Units.’’ Use north Aoor. —FREED.
Ai-
Lost: Gold ring with large blue-green stone in Union Tuesday. Pindbr please call room 1101 'WRH.
Lost: Green and black fountam pen in or between the library and Union buildings Tuesday about 9 p. m. Reward. Call 41204.
All students: Everyone reminded to attend Hallowe’en party at Methodist church, Friday, October 26, at 7:30 p. m. —WOLIUNG.
SCA Members: Credit Union meeting will be held Monday, October 28, at 8:30 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation House. —BELCHER.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday,' October 28, at 7:15 p. m. in room 806 Union. Pledges report at 7:46. —BOHLIN.
Debris Photography Staff: Meeting Friday, October 26, at 4 p. m., in room 60 of the Union. —SWIFT.
Gold Peppers: Meet at East Desk of Union at 7 p. m., Friday, October 26, in order to march for pep session. —carr6ll.
Lost: Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity pin in vicinity of PKS house or 'WRH South. Reward offered. Call 4061, Evers.
Lost: Yellow gold wedding ring. Initials E. F. to U. S. Wedding date, 9-12-37. Reward. Phone 2661.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Skull and Crescent: All members be «ut to help in getting up the bonfire on Friday, October 26, from 4 to 6 p. m. and from 7
. . . University agricultural graduate, today resigned his position as secretary-treasurer of the Indiana Horticultural Society to become agricultural agent for the B & 0 railroad. His headquarters will be in Springfield, Illinois, and he will serve Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. Winklepleck, originally from Brazil, Indiana, received ^his B.S. degree in 1936 and his M. S. in 1939, both from Purdue. He has been sec-retary-treasurer of the Horticultural Society since 1937. m.1.1.
Here are shoes that will make ^ walking a please 3. They will come in mighfy handy for shopping, sports, office work, etc. Many more styles in stock.
(pjcdaiA, dioifoL
Are you troubled with Shirt-itis?
Try
^S(M
WITH THE NO-STARCH WRINKLE-FI^E COLLAR
$
2
What’s your difficulty... Fit? Style? Wear? Price? Whatever it is, Jayson shirts have anticipated your requirements. Superior Troy-tailoring assures a perfectly styled shirt and collar . . . and the exclusive * Jaysonized no-starch, wrinklefree collar feels soft and looks stiff for the life of the shirt. The exclusive fabrics used in Jayson shirts are chosen with an eye to wear as well as style, and this season’s colors .00 harmonize so closely with the fall suit picture you just
can’t go wrong with a Jayson shirt.
UP
Sanforized—Fabric shrinkage less than i%
CUnHESSHOPINC.
’“‘Made under Celanese patents.
s I
Buy Now For Xmas
NEW 1941 MODEL—ADVERTISING SPECIAL^
$15 Underwood
Deluxe Electric
Shaver
Only 100 to be sold at this 2-Hour Sale, by arrangement with the manufacturer of this nationally advertised $15 Dry Shaver, we are limited to 100 only—Get yours at once. Limit 2 to a customer.
2 Hours Only Saturday Only 10 A. M. to NOON
LIFETIME GUARANTEE
IVORY CASE—RUBBER GRIP—PIGSKIN TOUCH DeLuxe Shaving Head Tool Steel Cutting Blades Distinctive Streamlined Design Self Starting Self-Sharpening j^pproved by Underwriters Lab. No Radio Interference Multiway Beard Pick-Up Precision Built Motor Requires No Oiling
If you cannot attend this sale leave money before sale and your Shaver will be held for you.
H. 6. “Dtiac” Reisner s Book Store
NO PHONE ORDERS
MM