I
j'' ’ ' ■ 'f '/
t Wf>
j'/'
EdItS cd^MENT
I •
On Game Spirt, 'Bull Sessions' lume 55, No. 45 State Cdllegiate YWCA Will Hold Meeting Here Kegkirdtion Begins Tomorrow Noon In Great Hall Of Union By Martha Lee Riggs Approximately 60 representatives of Indiana colleges will meet here at >the University for the annual conference of the Indiana Area of Collegiate WYCA tomorrow and Sunday. Delegates are expected to attend from Ball State, Butler, DePauw, Earlham, Hanover, Indiana, Oakland City, Manchester and Indiana Central. \ Registration, yin charge of Catolyn McCreary, will begin at |l:30 a,. IB- tomorrow in the ,— (jrreat.Hall Of the Union, an4 / j.* (the program begins, at 1:30 at YWCiC that afternoon. iThifere WjUl be a. registration fee «f ^1(60 and aJl University YWCA .members are urged to register and attend. . “fi’ifeedoms We Defend” has been chosen as the main topic of the con-
Pur4ue Universilyr Vfdsf Lafayetfe> Indiana
SEE PAGE ¥Om For Regulatlorrs On Gasoline Curb
Friday, November 13, 1942
relies Audieiicle
Saturday 11:30-1:00 . Registration 1:30r3{OO —v.,:.,. .Jnvocatiojl West'FacuJty Lounge; General jMcetingy Speaker, Miss • Winifred Wygal 3:30-^:00.,..-Leadership training in charge of Butler and In- . dtana Central 0:00........Dinner, Chestnut Room 7:15-S :45..>.....DiscUssion Groups 1. “Freedom from Want,” Prnf, Ai W» Cottier, Man- > Chester. College 2. “Freedom from Fear,” Miss Wygal; Susie Master, Butler, Student Leader 3. “Freedom of Religious Education,” Dr. G. R. Graham; Nancy Richards, DePauw, Student Leader 9:00-10:30 Recreation in charge of Manchester; Session for Advisors; Session for Area Representatives. -i. j,! Sunday 9:00-'9:30. Business Session 9:30-19:30 Repoftu of Group. Discussions 10:3042d)9 )yorBhip< in charge of Ball State Teachers College Wesley Foundation ! t h 12:15 .Lunch ference, and Miss W-innifred Wygal of the National Y\V^CA staff, New York City, will be the main speaker. Her topic is “Freedom From FeUr” and she will speak at the invocation at 1:30 tomorrow afternoon in the West; Faculty Lounge. Other Speakers Other sjieakers for the conference will include Pi-of. A. W.'Cortier, professor of economics at Manchester College, who will speak on “Freedom From Want”; Dr. G. R. (See YWCA, page 4)
Ti66iM Sale Soon Ipyitations and announcements for commencement will soon be placed oh sale ■ to seniors at the three book stores. Formal invitations, mhde of white leather will be priced at 40 cents each, white cardboard invitations, 17 cents, and white cardboard announcements, 5
cents.
A Student Senate committee under the direction of Russ Hardin is I’e&portsible for the necessary arrangements. In order to get’ the prices that have been’ obtained, the committee has had to assure the engravers that a certain quota will bo reached. For this reason all seniors are urged to buy as many invitations as possible in order to insure the present prices. The invitations, especially the Toathcr ones/ were very hard to obtain duo to present conditions. '• Dummy Copies Will Be Posted Dummy copies of each type of invitation and announcements will be posted in'the office of each department head in the various campus buildings. At that time all seniors are urged to be sure to check over these copies for their individual names’ and report all corirections immediately to the Registrar’s' offiptf,,, Seniors ara asked to read the bixponent to find the dale when invitations may be ordered.
. . . who will play for the Annual Military Ball in the Union Ballrooms tonight. Speech Department Chooses Six hnalists In BeveridgO Contest Prcliihina) ies in the B.everidge speech contest were held yesterday afternoon to choose the students who will compete in the finals which will be hold in Fowler Hall Wednesday evening, November 18, at 7:30. The contest was opened to all independent and organized freshmen who were interested in public speaking. This is the sixteenth year for the Beveridge contest which was previously knowp as the Ankeny contest, and all of the boys who reach the finals will automatically be given membership in the freshman debate team. To Award Trophies Trophie.s will be awarded to the freshman boy who gives the best original speech and to the organization which has the winning representative. The Hays Jewlery Com■pany will award a silver loving cup to the freshman who gives the best •speech, and C. H. Ankney Co. will present the large loving cup to the organization which has the best representative. Six Finalists The students who will compete for these prizes in the finals Friday night will bo; Glen Tobias, James Ritter, Robert Dyer, Robert Guion, Mario Pagliaiulo, and Maurice
Gohlman.
The subjects chosen for the speeches were “What are Wo Fighting' For?” and “College Students and the Draft.”
Dean tells^^Of Keed For WarNifie Faith One of the highlights of Religious Emphasis Week was last night’s public banquet at which Charles W. Gilkey, Dean of the University of Chicago chapel, addressed an audience of 200 students and faculty members in the Great Hall of the Wesley Foundation. Stresses Fellowship In his speech, Dean Gilkey stressed the need for fellowship, both spiritual and physical, in these times of strife. Early in his address he said, “In the summer of 1938, a great and devastating hurricane cut a swath of destruction through the New England States. ... We arc all now passing through a ’social hurricane’ involving similar mental uprootings and turmoil.” _ He also staled that in these times, “We must get a new grip on our heritage.” He reminded the audience that the Christian religion had been born in cri.sis and agony and that it had been brought up through a series of chaotic periods. In this present period, he suggested, we should fall back on our rejigion and let it help us through these times as it has helped us in the past.
Mentions Unity
The unity that exists through religious bonds between soldieis on the front, and their relatives and friends at home was also mentioned by Dean Gilkey. One of his suggestions was that all churches offer “intersession” services in the middle of the week that would pa dedidaled to the boy.s overseas.
Danger Of Decdy
The danger of internal decay during the stress and strain of troublefilled periods was mentioned, and he said, “Now is the time for us to strengthen our innerselves.” He ■ brought up the problem of a great moral and governmental collapse that might exist after this war unless we take advantage of the opportunity that a great crises offers for the rebuilding of nations and the rebuilding of our personal lives. G.D. Williams Attends 11 1 liadio Conference At the eighth annual school broadcast conference in Chicago, November 11 and 12, the University was represented by Gilbert D. Williams, director of the University lajlio station WBAA. Teachers throughout the middle west attended the conference meeting at which special emphasis was placed on the problem of presenting demonstrations to classes listening to various educational programs. Mr. Williams i.s an executive member, of the advisory council.
iry
111 Speife To
Colds
Mary Ann Dilley, representative of the' l^atharine Gibbs Secretarial School,^ will speak this Afternoon at 4 in room 307 of the Union. AH University girls are invited to hear the discussion which will cover the opportunities and training for secretarial work. The Katharine Gibbs Secretarial School, which is one of the top ranking schools of its kind, was started thirty-one years ago when Katharine Gibbs, a widow, was left with .two small sons to support. Today, the Gibbs School^ in Providence, Boston, and New York have an annual enrollment of, 1,600 pupils from the United States, Canada, and South America. High School Graduates Required All students are required to be high school graduates while forty percent of them have had college training. According to Good Housekeeping magazine,vGibbs graduates trained for secretarial position.s, government work, aviation, engineering, publishing, etc., have been employed by such personalities as Kenneth Roberts, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, Grace Moore, Fred Waring and Nelson Rock-
feller.
The Gibbs School stresses through field trips, speakers, and classroom work the importance of responsibility, alertness, attractiveness, diplomacy, accuracy, and the ability to meet people. “Choose Your Position,” “Practical Suggestions for Secretaries” and the “Private Secretary” arc publications by Gibbs. Girls considering secretarial training, either as an end in itself, or as a stepping stone to some executive position, face the problem of choosing a school. Mary Ann Dilley of the Katharine Gibbs School in Boston, will base her talk on the possibilities Gibbs has to offer.
Play For Ball Tonisht Evening^s Program To Feature Banquet, Reception Grand March
Al Jackson
Dorothy Menke
Mudball hey there clarence i think for more variety mussoiini hitler and hirohito should be induced to attend the military ball along with stimpson and eleanor and her husband and knox whom were invited mussoliqi could shine military shoes 1. with hitlers moustache however hirohito would have to be hid under the stage because he would scare hell out of- the imports i hope something can be done about this —MUDBALL
Penalty Dates November 25 and 27 are penalty dates. These'dates represent the 24 hour period before and after an authorized recess. Any student who is absent from classes on either of these two dattss will be assessed a fee of .$5.00 for each day or fraction thereof missed. If a student feels that he has a legitimate reason for being absent on either or both of the.se days and wishes to ask relief from the $5.00 penalty fee, he should put it in writing and mail it to the Dean of Men before November 27. Verbal statements will not be accepted. —GOLDSMITH Dr. E. t. Butz ... of agricultural economics staff, spoke Tuesday night as guest speaker of the Fowler Rotary Club. The topic of his speech was “Business in the Year Ahead.”
H. L LochtYfAg Tour Of ihdi^ria By Jack Wendell Among the present problems of the public is the apparent shortage of meat. Although there is enoiugh moat to feed everyone in this counr tiy in normal times, we can’t feed our army, the suffereing peoples In Europe and ourselves all at t he
same time.
As a result, the housewives of the countiy must find a substiluto once a week fdr the proverbial meat dish. Some part of the meal in which cheese or a similar product is featured has come to be the accepted substitute for meal. To increase the national production of cheese, the University haS) under the direction of the Dairy Department, and al the suggestion of the Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C., brought H. R. Lochry, a specialist on cheese making, to the state in oitler to improve the various processes em-^ ployed in Indiana cheese plants. A groat amount of clieese is being shipped at this time to foreign^ covm-
12, Cdnducis Cheese Plants
tries and as a result of the lengthened sea lanes has to travel in ti epical latitudes. Since the refrigeration facilities on large cargo ships are practically ml, cheese has to be especially made to withstand the high temperature developed inside
Freshmen To Elect Representatives November 24
By “Spec”
Election to select members of freshman executive board will be held ill the Union Tuesday, Nov. 24. All freshman men are urged to take interest in the race and deposit theif ballots on election day in _thc^ special box which will be provided near the West Desk of the Union. All freshman men in the University are eligible, whether they be classed as first or second semester freshmen. This election will inaugurate a new custom in the life of the Green Potter eds. In the past the freshmen were represented by four male students; but from now on, they will have a boarxl composed of seven members to represent them in the functions of the University life. This seven-man executive committee will be made up of three organized and three unorganized freshman ed leaders. The president of the board will be the candidate receiving the greatest rnajority of votes, 'rhis rule will hold true regardless of whether the leading vote-getter be of the organized or unorganized category. Hot Competition Political tricks of all kinds—outside of downright throat cutting— will be permitted. 'Therefore reliable reports declare that the competition will be hot and furious Freshman eds aspiring to enter, or get better acquainted with the field of politics, are especially encouraged to participate, not only to gain experience, but also to make the election a great success. This annual election of freshman representatives is one of the privileges in which the freshmen are allowed to participate to the complete exclusion of interference from the upper classes. The freshman dance and pot burning ceremonies arc the only other impoitant functions in whicli the freshmen reign supreme. Sororities To Hold Dinners For 120 Sailors Sunday University sororities rvill have as
the vessels. || ^ their guests foi dinner next SimLochry, who graduaWd from the day, 120 sailors from the Naval University in 1912, is especially Training School stationed here, qualified in this field, having served Each of the eight sororities on the as cheese specialist of the Depart- campus have invited fifteen of the
ment of Agriculture for many years. He installed the first cheese prodiiclion plant in the Hawaiian Islands. Volume of production is an important feature of this project. Indiana cheese plants will attempt to reach an estimated yield of 30,000,000 pounds of cheese this year. This week, Lochry will visit Boswell Dairy Products Co. and Kentland Dairy Products -Co. as a part of his scheduled tour. Any company wishing to avail themselves of his services should got in touch with Prof, H. W. Gregory, head of the Dairy
Husbandi'y Department.
men to be their guests at their re spective houses. Since all the sailors .stationed here could not be accommodated at the same time, the first thirty men who sign up in each of the four companies have been designated as those who will attend the
dinners.
Coeds from the Women’s Residence Halls will also entertain the sailors Saturday, November 28. Their entertainment will be in the fol-m of a lea dance from 3:30 until 5:30 that afternoon with 225 men from the Naval Training Station invited to attend the dance.
Hazelton, Rose To Address Co^ds T uesday President of the Independent Houses Association has announced that a mass meeting of all independent coeds is planned for 7:30 Tuesday evening for the purpose of considering war time activities and responsibilities. The meeting will be held in the Union. Professor Helen Hazelton, head of women’s physical education department and director of physical fitnes.s program for women in the state of Indiana, and Dr. Bertha Rose of the Student/Health Service will talk on the general topic, “The Functional Physical Fitness Program as it Relfttes to University Women in the Present National Emergency.” Mrs. Taube To Speak Mrs. Melvin Taube, director of recreation at the local USO center, is .scheduled to give an informal talk in the evening. Her subject will be “The Part that Campus Women Can Fill in the Recreational Program for Service Men.” The Tuesday meeting will bring the independent coeds together in a single group for the first time in the University’s history. All independent coeds are urged to attend. Forestry Department Installs Drying Kiln For New Research With hardwood becoming more important in the war effort, a high quality dry kiln is being installed on the campus for research purposes, according to a recent statement issued by Prof. B. N. Pi entice of the forestry department. Through the assistance of the Standard Dry Kiln Company of Indianapolis, the University forestiy department will use the up-to-date experimental kiln in the study of the most efficient methods of extracting moisture fioni hardwood materials. According to Prof. Prontiee, such wood as walnut and oak is being sought by the Army and Navy for use as gun stocks and for keels and knees in ship building. Yet before this wood can be put into satisfactory u.se. Prof. Prentice stated that it must be seasoned and dried by the use of artificial heat and controlled humidity. This manufacturing process is known as kiln dry-
ing.
It IS believed that tlie study of this process and the determining of proper drying schedules for woods here at the University will be a real contribution to the defense effort.
Phi Kappa
. . . social fraternity will hold their annual pledge dance tomorrow evening from 8:30 to 11:30. The dance will be informal aiuT is open
to the student body.
Jackson, Dorothy Menke To Lead Grand March There will be a serious note in the theme of tonight’s Military Ball, and the crowd which will dance to the music of Art Jarreft and Reggie Childs will sense in the decorations and the mood of the whole affair a feeling of patriotism. The backdrop for the dance will be done in red, white and blue, using the insignia of the ROTC. The Navy small aims, battery guidons from local corps, insignia from the varioins campus military organizations, and an aimy “jeep” will bring the war close to the dancers and provide an effective background for the uniforms. Two Orchestras Art Jarrett and his band will furnish the music for the crowd V/ho will dance in the Ballrooms of the 'Uipion, and Reggis Childs will play in the Union cafeteria in order to add novelty and relieve the conges-
tion.
Art Jarrett is one of the featured vocalists in his organization which is noted for its sweet swing, and Regg'ie Childs, who has just finished an engagement in St. Louis, will provide variety and plenty of good music. A banquet for the members of Military Ball committee and their dates will begin at 7, and the dance itself will begin at 9. Reception In West Lounge A reception for the speciaLguests will be held in the west faculty lounge. The Grand March, which will begin at 10:45, will be led by top ranking cadet Col. A. L. Jackson, escorting Dorothy Menke and Cadet Coi. W. H. Lupke escorting Francis McGahey. Miss Menke is a graduate of Indiana University, where she was a member of Delta Delta Delta sorority, and Miss McGahey, a student at DePauw University, is also a member of Delta Delta Delta sorority. The Grand March will provide the high-point of the evening with 14 members of the Military Ball committee forming an arch of sabres, under which the dancers will pass. Later in the evening a Scabbard and Blade ceremony is scheduled in which the new initiates will receive their insignia. Dance Ends At 1 The dancing will be over\ at 1. Coeds will have an extfa hour in which to get home, since coed hours have been extended to 2 o’clock for the" dance. Students must present both their passports and their tickets in order to be admitted. The whole Union will be taken over by the dancers. PI ay shop To Present 'Jim Dandy' For Navy Relief Fund “Jim Dandy,” Playshop success of this summer, will be piesented again on Friday and Satuiday, November 20 and 21, by a veteian cast. With the exception of George Hudson, who IS replacing Paul Gore 'as Jim Crow,' seivaiit of Jim Dandy, the cast for the production will lemain the same as this summer. All proceeds from the show are to go to the Navy Relief Fund, This 15 Playshop’s contributioiv to the Navy Relief Cause. The cast includes Prof. P. E. Lu8 of the Speech dopai.tment m the title lolc of Jim Dandy; Lariy Myers as Johnny: Jean Nigg as Molly, the dancer; Betty Jane Lowery as Flora, the librarian;^Arthur Barab as Jock, the optimist; Richard Kohls as Fishkin, the whining pessimist; and Bill Lester as the postman. Stage manager is Betty Gray with Meyer Evanson, Lee Fisbbeck, Grant Fielden, Anne Bradley, Walt Neubaiier, and Mary Osborne as crew heads. Ifiiis production crew is the same one that produced the play this suminevlt 'rickets fov the performance are fifty cents and can be ■purclrased'nt the Fowler Hall office.Purdue Exponent * Friday, Nomntbe/lS, 1941t(A
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone: 2792 Editorial Phonc After 10 p. ni., 5377
I'.t)itpr-in-Chicf ;. News Editor Mneairi’''(r Editor..,. Sports Editor H isiness Manafrcr t'oed Editor .,:
_..;John F. Amo* Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armotrone Robert L. Hadley Ken K. Gpemre .....Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
Associate Editors Ertitoriirt KlnfT : D. W. Ochciltrec, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Ratort, li, E. BuU, W. G. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle', K. Roquemorc, S. Wolf. Sports SlafT: IX E. Rrower, 3. S. Dawson, D. Shrycr, C.
('i.ed SialT: S.'ill.v Beall, Gharlottc Hass, Jean Laucr, Elaine
Business Staff
Coed Business Manaitcr: Julia Martin.. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. ( iniilation Manager: 0. H. Klouman. .Verounts Manager: T'rcna Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
FCdJor-in-Chief Managing Editor... Business Manager Coed Editor .\ilvertising Manager.. .Xrrounfs Manager ( iroulalion Manager .,
. Date Barta
Ed Hnniphrey Elwin Welbanm Roberta Kessler iScott Brotitn George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
.Night Editor: T.vsnn liay Editor: tVilhur
Sports Editor: Brewer Issue Editor: Speck
i-.;: iliirl.’son, Riggs, Porter, Clifford, Baynes, Caylorj li. .'Nhliflt, Mulvihill, Richardson, Hadley.
1 :vs roeond class matter at the post-office in Lafayiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, h • spi cial rate of postage provided for in Section Ilf October 3, 1917, anthoriced January 20, 1922. I ,.11 Tur.sday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings )■■ .vear. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a or S:i.no for two .semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a or $3.50 for two semesters. II rrie.“ter ; mailed subscription $1.50. I'uUd for iiational advertising by National Advertis■i,Inc.! College Publishers Representatives, 420 Ave.. New York, N. Y.
Bull Sessions
y.
‘Blue Bloods
Stay Awhile
Dr. John A. Bromer
ixlant professor in the Division of Education iiul Applied Psychology at the University, has accept- : ;i commission as a Lieutenant Junior Grade in the '. .N'ffvy and has been granted a leave of absence. S' ha: alieady left for the west coast to serve in the »<■: .• oniiel (;ia.ssification work of the Navy, Dr. Bromr hv-s kueen oji the staff since September of 1940.
'4arvm Smith
, , ol'.I.gfayette'and a ’42 University graduate, reI I’ cil for service in the Army Air Corps last month, r ,' is now in training at Camp Nashville, whore he : jigs, on a camp radio program at 7 p. ip. over WLAC. .•’nMy wiir lemember his voice while he was at the l.’j'.'Vf.'isity.
A. W. Thomas ... former giaduate of the University, has left his position \yhich he held With the Chain Belt Company for liflei'ii yeai s to go to Washington, D. C. He will LeKd" ids: >r ‘‘dedla man for the Government. A' graduato of the'Civil Engineering School; Mr. 'J'iionias will be a cpit^nltant for the construction inacliinery division of |fhe War Production goard.
<^msmoK ‘ tm R«q U. i Ofl MERRY-dO-ROUHD
CRIH^ND BEAR IT
By DREW PEARSOM
Power Commission Probes Jesse Jones; Colleges Balk Request For Long Christmas
WASHINGTON—Though dwarfed by all the war news, the Federal Power Commission has called a significant hearing to be held in Little Rock, Ark., on Nov. 16. It is still a secret as to what the hearing is all about, but it concerns an important principle. The Power Commission has unearthed information that Jesse Jones, builder of the huge new aluminum plant at Lake Catherine, Ark., is buying electric power from private companies at the rate of 9.95 mills per kilowatt hour, then turning around and selling the same power to the Aluminum Company of America at the much lower ratg of 3 mills. The Aluminum Company is the operator of the government’s plant. Why Jesse Jones, who is head of Defense Plants Corporation, should buy power at such a high rate and then sell it to Alcoa at such a low rate is something which the Federal Povver Commission wants to irtvestigate. Another item it will probe is the fact that Jones’ Defense Plants failed to make use of all the government power obtainable from the FWA Grand River Dam in Oklahoma, .foi- sale at the, low rate of 6.5 mills. • Base For Second Front
cJ^OoL
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson It seems to some people that perhaps the Italians should bo awarded the next Army-Navy “E” for efficiency. After all,, they put on one of the largest scrap drives for us that has seen for quite awhile. Although none of them have actually received merit badges as yet, alhlost all who volunteered (and some who were drafted) have —i——-i-,——r——
been assigned to an OPen-aif , surprising advance of a supposed . camp in order to build up their weak British Eighth Army. The
health after such strenuous'
,. TT K 4. 1 fight and now seem to be contented
exertion. How about a toast
to the scrap collectors of the month ^e the safest \yho like to gather and accumulate , : it but sure as heck hate to get in- ' • .,. ■ - to h. . A. gresjit deal of criticism is fall-
ing upon Leon Henderson, director
The fur flew thick and fast last of the Office of Price Adrpmifetraweek in Washington. The story had* because of his failure, to have , been released that certain Washing- rationing b,e,gin Rs :;sched-'; .f ton officials, the I’eporter was sworn reasoif seems to bd that to secrecy concerning their names, Henderon did not fully comprehend
The term “bull session’ formerly used timi(i : in the best of college circles has now land((1 it place in the social record of Purdue. Editor.s of college papers, students writing home iind eels' talking to coeds have at many times Inui to decide whether to use “discussion” or .some .similar word in place of the more de.scriptive “bull session”. The step up the social ladder was brought about by the leaders of the Religious Emphasis program being held on the campus this b.Ycek. The speakers, eating with different gvGups of students each night, discuss after the ’meals religious topics in siich a manner that makes the most unchurch going student Ii:v;;cn with attentive ears to the answers to tho que.stions shot at them during the bull .session. ’vVc’.i.'e happy to be on hand at the promotion of the term into good circles. If the Rfeliyhtu.s Empbasis Week has done nothing else, vi hich is certainly untrue, it has established th -J position of “bull session”.—r.w.b.
tin the last war the city of Bizeiffe, on; the Frefich Tunisian coast, was a refugee camp for the Serbian army, after it fled it's own land in 1915. For months the Serbs sat looking out over the Mediterranean toward Sicily, only a stone’s throw away, waiting for the day when they could begin the advance back to Serbia. I Today, the same city of Bizerte promises to be the most important, key, first for throwing Rommel out of Africa, second for the invasion of Italy. I,t'is toward Bizerte that U. S. troops are racing today. And it is to fall back on reas around Bizerte, especially the French/African Maginct Line, that Romiriel is racing from the other direction. One glance at the map will show why Bizerte is all-important, ft juts but into the Mediterrahean, the nearest point of Africa to Sicily, even nearer to the Italian Island of Sardinia. To either one it is only about 100 miles, or thirty minutes’ flight in a bomber.
“Meri„,ai;e certainly getting scarcer everey day—when could
had developed a dummy of a proposed official government newspaper, the name the American Reporter. The story, whether accurate or not, stirred up a great deal o.f press resentment. The press believed that this might be an indication of how far the President’s hatred , for the
press had progressed.
the difficulties that he would have to face in j-egistering defense swelled cities such as Detroit and Los Angeles.
you find a seat in a crowded street car?”
Ifniversity Calendar
Friday, November 13
Italian prison camps have been reported receiving great numberkof Italian army descrtcr.s, It seems that with the capture of Suez almost in their grasp, the Italians were completely unnerved by the
'9:30 4:00 8:30
A.IvI. P.M. P.M.
Religious Emphasis "Week.... :.... Guidaii^o Conference .....E. & 'W. Fac. Lgs., Union • Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union Milita.ry|Ball N. & S. Ballrooms, Union , ..Saturday, November 14
• U. S. Trains Troops The close proximity of Bizerte to Italy was one
9:00 1:30 6:00 6:30 8:30 8:30 8:30
A.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M.
Religious Emphasis' Week.. .Guidance Conference YW.GA Conference yWCA ..Rairquet Newcomers Dinner Dance. TKE Dance Mixer , Theta Xi Pledge Dance.....
....Ea.st Fac.: Lgc., Union .. .West Fac. Lge., Union ....Rooms 332-334, Union .: R. & W. Fac. Lgs., Union South Ballroom, Union .....North Ballroom, Union .....Cliapter House
In this University there are many students ii.ho iiciicve that a football game is over long Ik [ore the final gun has sounded. They may vant to avoid the rush but that is hardly a fe:;itimate excuse for letting the team doWn ];o iinitler how the tide of battle is running. [i. he effect of the crowd leaving before the .' how is over must give the team the same j' ciing an instructor or lecturer experiences -'.hen lie sees his audience being lulled to . 'eeii. How evould you feel if you were on the ivarn and half of the student body staged a -ivaikout before you had finished giving your .a;! I n- them? Or what would you th|nk if the teani .iust got tired and didn’t feel like playing any more? . Since the spirit of the student body is 50 ]-,G]; cent of the team’s spark, why not try to t ick around and see the boys finish the game ; r.;l .silow them that you are behind them and '' ,ir coach one hundred per cent.—w.l.v.
reason why the British never were able to stop supplies from crossing the Mediterranean to Rommel. Even though Bizerte was French and neutral, the Italians used it for food supplies, and probably for other things. Ships could leave Sicily at night and be unloaded by thc^ next morning. Later, when Rommel pushed on into Egypt, Bizerte was too far away to serve as a base, and supplies had to be shipped the long, hard way from Crete. This was one reason for Rommel’s fall. His gasoline tankers were sunk by the Bi’itish. . Because Italy is so close to Bizerte, U. S. troops probably will approach it by the desert railroad which winds along the coast from Algiers. This rail line will be dynamited and its tracks torn'up, but even so, it should be safer than subjecting a fleet to heavy xAxis bombing raids from Sardinia or Sicily. While U. S. troops race with Rommel to get to Bizerte first, another race is occurring in Europe'— Hitler’s Tush to send reinforcements ixjito Italy before American-British forces can hop across the narrow channel to Italy. Though Southern Italy is an arsenal of supplies and German troops, American bombing raids from Bizerte should be able to do a very effective job of softening up. And after that it is hoped that the best ally of the United States will be the Italians themselves, who now realize all too vividly that a victory for Hitler will be no victory for Italy. Note—-The Bey of Tunis, its ruler under the French, is reported to be ready to get on either the American or German bandwagon, according, to whoever gets there first. Meanw'hile there are more Italian residents in Tunis than Frenchmen, though they are not military problem. • Christmas Travel
to
the £dllifv
two KGiU'ct'K. How about that? Yours for the 'tropics in the tropics, BECKY CAYLOR
A-A-***★■*•★■**★★☆ A-**
Dear Editor: ■: I noticed in President ElliotL’s message published in the Exponent the other day that the University is proposing to consei’ve fuel by keeping the buildings a few ■ degrees cooler. I held forth the false hope that something might be clone about the tropical climate in the library, but my hopes .were dashed a.gain the ■other night rvhen .1 made . another vain attempt to study in the hothouse atmosphere which is mucli better adapted to the development of orchids thgn a mathematical mind. Couldn’t sometiuug 'oe (lone about lowering the tpiiiperaturc about .10 degrees or so? Tlie University .vill probably save cnougli to heat Mirce of the other bLykling.s, and those <if us who do oiii' required I'eading won’t 1)0 stnrggling'with sleep from
t!!on lills Stydio’
(Disliticlive Portraiture) 205 East State
Phone 3413
★aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
MahI
lafa:tette
STARTING SUNDAY
The railroads have been negotiating with the schools and colleges to extend their Christmas holiday period so that it will begin before the usual Christmas home-going dates and extend beyond the usual returning dates. The purpose was to get rid of the school and college ti’affic before taking on the burden of the furlough movement of soldiers, going home for Christmas. This longer vacation would be okay with a lot of girls and boys, but most of the schools and colleges have turned thumbs down. They said tjtey could riot charige their schedules. ^ Result is that the American railroads will carry the greatest burden in history during the period from December 15 to January 5. The peak w'jil come between December 20 and 24, When the railroads will have to carry: 1() Home-going studerits; (2) the usual heavy civilian Christinas travel; (3) soldiers on furlough; (4) soldiers on week-end passes; (5) the normal troop movement, which will not be suspended for Christmas, So between December 15 and January 5, civilians are asked to stay off the railroads.
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
FOREIGN AGENT — with •— JOHN SHELTON GALE STORM
PLUS
I WAS FRAMED
— with — MICHAEL AMES PATT YHALE
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:15
torchY and
terrific;
'Ik when Margie swings the hula... your temperature will go up! *{k Ask the man who has seen her!
• Africana
Frenchmen listening to Roosevelt’s broadcast to the Fl ench people in the French language wondered who wrote his speech. They said it contained grarhmatical errors .and sounded like schoolboy composition. Roosevelt’s accent, however, was good. . . . Frenchmen suspect that he wrote the speech himself. . . . One reason for Oran’s resistance against American troops was' their bitter memory of the bombardment by the British when several French ships were Slink. . . . Also, a lot of Spaniards, including friends of Franco, live in Oran, many of them stirred up by Spanish broadcasts in advance. The Moroccans, defending Oran and Casablanca, make better troops than the Araks around Algiers. . . . General Giraud, new French commander in North Africa, is the first Frenchman to use motorized units in cleaning up Noi'th Africa, He waged a successful campaign against the Riffs. . . . Both the railroad aiid highway from Algiers to Tunis follow a downhill grade—always important in wartime. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
LUtIA
-TODAY - TOMOROWTWO FIRST-RUN HITS
PLUS —SECOND HIT
A Two-Sfar Tornado! .4. rtx mtiuQjT *RimR
LOWERY
"BIO BO Y"
O A L E
STORM
mm¥£m
-TODAY - TOMOROW
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
Srnmm.
LATEST PATHE NEWS
It’ll send tingles up and down your heart...to the accompaniment of Horry James and His Music Makers!
BETTY GRABLE JOHN PAYNE
CARMEN
MIRANDA
harry JAtJH AHD HIS MUSIC MAKERS
IN THE
Rockies
w TECHNICOLOR!
with
’■ CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD EDWARD EVEREH HORTON Direefed by IRVING CUMMINGS Produced by WILLIAM LeBARON » Screen Play by Waller Bullock .Adaptation by Jacquei Thery
5 DAYS
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
Sfarting Tomorrow
MARS
MILLAND BEHY FIELD
' i
.'jii
I i i
A.I? ^ syiitiny^ jDfoipember
^liii
U V WNEtrPS ■:;■■• ; V^MICH.;STATE /:^<!^ffiry"\;..'.;.;.LjEL.u;..:.,.::.. Conner l^tnrjBtfen --..•••.EG....;. ... Miketinac l(tirirle;:':_..'.;,..:.„.C.'■ ..Beyer infers ’ .;.';.jE|;G.'.V..:..,.,.:. ^Lenialr Etiiicli ...;..:..:...ilT.:........ Mangriini Sfenirke '...^.„......EE............ Roskopp C|MikT ....v..,.L..:...QB Gilpin Hi^ntn l'.:..:......;.,liH........Kieppe ■ C^cenas’ . Fmrnari. Giingrass ' ^Gftdalsi^ Lyle Glarno, Bradley; nlnpirei' Bon Hamilton, Notre lte|id ; linesman, Mfke Lay■'^li^n, 'Notre-Hnme/' .
Coach Burnham will leave with thirty-three members of his 1942 crew of Boilermakers for Detroit, Michigan, this afternoon. The battered Black and Gold squad is scheduled to invade Michigan ..ptate for the sixth renewal of the rivalry between the Riveters and the Spartans in East Lansing, Saturday afternoon. The Burnham boys Will spend this evening in Detroit and will joui'ney oh to the Spartan stronghold for game time. Bob Hajzyk, veteran quarterback and punter for the Boilermakers, will remain at home for this game,,
hecatise bf injuries that he received in the Iowa encounter. Some hppe of Bob’s playing in' the Michigait State game was expressed .earlimv in the Week, but the Riveter* trainer ^kas benched Bob until his shouldey shovys kp^uplete recoyery. Smock Back ' The loss of Hajzyk will jput W slight dent in the Boilermakei**backfield poWer, but hope is seen in the reinforcement of the backfield ‘by the return of Khnny Srnock to his regular halfback slot. The return of Bruce “Pinky” lyarren to his post at tackle will also strengthen the
Riveters. W^rrgh has been nathed acting captain for the Spartan tflashv..'" Kenny Smock, ffijolh fthteat back^eld ace from Indidpupalis, will be ill playing cdnditiori for the first tune iii three weeks.; 'Stnock - li®s been hampered by an ankle; ipjptjr which he received when' thg ’42, Seg^ son wa's still in its infancyt^nihgk looked like one of^Vlihe Big yf|h'*S leading ground gainers in the^st^' game of the seasegfjWith FordhaU^’ then he had an: aWitSe mishgj) has been out of steady action since, The Spartan clash should pirp- j
wide an opporunity for Mr. Snibck tp show the fans what he has in the Way. of ability. iHidget Backfield As a starting backfield combination, :Coach Bui'nham Indicated that' he wo.uld start the lightweight crew that, proved so effective irt the late stages of the Great Lakes garne. Henry “Hurrying Hank” Stram, the piighty midget from Gary, will probably start at the left halfback post. Hank is the. smallest man on the Boilermaker squad. He is 5 ft., 6 in. tall and weighs in at about 16.0. Walter Cook, another in the
160 class, will probably start at the quarterback berth. Ed Cycenas will team with Stram at the other halfback post. By way of comparison, the Spartans should come put on top in Saturday’s battle. Earlier in the season, the lads for Michigan State Won an amazing 14-0 victory over the Bluejackets of Great Lakes. Last Saturday, our crippled Boiler-, makers came out on the short end of a convincing .42-0 drubbing by the same Bluejackets. This gives the Spartans a 56 point edge, on paper, but on the gridiron the story
might be considerably differdiH. • The complete squad of gtiddeys that will leave for Sfichigan Btate this afternoon «s as follows: En^; King, McCaffry, Maloney, Matrewitz, Shimer, and'Smerke; tackles; Close, French, O’Bryan, Stoeltiiig, Volkman, and Capt. Warren;. Guards: Barwegen, DcMarie, Powers, and Ruggieri; Centersi- Lengo, Newell, Seidell, WojciecboWnld/and Hurrle; Quarterbacks: Cook, Harris, and Snyder; Halfbacks: Attdretich, Berkley, Berto, Cycenas, Smock, and Stram; FttllbapiaS; Bachmann, Buffington and Wlriklet.
Pieter Nefmen Drill Wabash Game ^Although their fifst contest is not until Deceiyber 10, at t^i!Sb,,time^^^t^^ play Wabash, the Rivetel* basketball team ^||>stgrted to Work out in earnest. The fundamentals have b^n of prime interest in the recent practices. As a result the I^S' are’looking passes, bounch passes, push \ JEach Practice is usually brought to a close with a freshman-
varsit^ scripimiage.' The varsity bas met plenty of trouble infthls "freshman squad, which s^ihs;t|b have plenty of drive i^addifion to an' abundance of
siKe ahdi speed
J|libiivard Hpffman is the only
sdjnib^i'on this year’s squad. This ofil^andingsouthpaw is; looking g<i'od'.'and shpws promise for the
scas.on. The juniors are led
bWALMenke, who is still playing
poTtB tlldHcilHuni By Bbb Hadley
■if'*;
mmm Ptoty of trouble Reecli Annouiices
For the sole purpose of helping the average University student learn something about the art of
Sbigpbbfa'thelanrwit^^^d yesUing, Coach Claude Reeck of Ifiit y^ari Jack Swantz, Rudy Law- Boilefmak^- mat team is pro^fl'fibd^Duffy Friend are three all-campus wrestling
mpi'e juniors who will see consider-
fible action.' The sophomores boast ^hc tournament^will get- under qtotity: as well as quality. Ed immediately after the football Ehlers, jack Kennedy and Bill Ker- preceded by cbeval are among those who will two-week training pei;md, duril^dbubtediy play plenty of ball this which all entrants wi I receive slaspn. Brower and Biggs will be Pi^elimmary training. All boys who stetriores in December and will sre interested are to repprt to the
pi^bably see' action towards the end
ofjthe schedule.
Jack^phristal, who turned down
at 4:00 p. in. on Monday, November
23.
Every boy attending the Univer-
to play for the .Hy,: except,Varsity wrestlers, are
»rmaker netmen, is one .of the rj,^ Uirness, promising newcomers. Chris - ■ - -
the boys will be. divided into three
gay^ twp yeafs of warsRy Imll at inexperienced, those Obip ;State.r He is a bkeable feUow ^,^0 have had some experience, and
afid. JfiayiSee jilenty of action before
the close:'of 'tfie season. Thirty Players. Out
experienced ;wrestlcrs. The different weights of the contestants will further discriminate them, as they will
: Th'e squad Will probably remain meet only opponents in their weight aa it' is, witb a few exceptions, class. The weight classes are 121, 'There are abput thirty fellows out 128, 136, 145, 156, 165,176, fOO, and,
at the‘Present time and most of heavyweight.
them look as though.they have plea- Coach Reeck stresses that’ the ty oil ahility.; ; object of this tournament is not to The freshmen played the varsity develop finished Wrestlers, but to last night as per usfial and gave teach the boys some of the fundaplenty of fight. Although they were mentals of wrestling. He vei'y well up against a superior team, they, realizes during these gloomy days a displayed power and speed. Among knowledge of wrestling can do tho^e showing outstanding ability nothing but good for anybody, and are Jack Vaughn from Jeff of La- has made known that he -would be fayette, Clay Moody of Burris of more than willing to teach the sport Muncie; and. Charles Haag from to any boy who wisely desires any
Friday morning again, and. time to drag out oup cc^^Jptely'Unsubstantiated information from strictly unreliable sourcik^l^l a,fe,w winners ,qf outstanding ^id contests scheduled for tora^k^^afternrbon. Looking over,,the schedules, it. looks like our informatiop^jis^flt be drawn even more than is customary from the old standyby—the coin. , Taking the proverbial bull by the proverbial horfiSj we might as well let everyone in on the nature of the figures whirii ate'gojng to appear on the scoreboard at East Lansing, when the batfle’be^ tween the Boilerfnakers and the Spartans of Michigan State is over. The Boilermakers will be celebrating the return of at least part-of-'khe crippled contingent which has been.but of action due to knees, shoulders, etc. Kenny Smock, fleet and shifty left halfback, wilj telurn to thife lineup, with game Captain Pinky Warren filling the tackle post he vacated a couple of weeks ago because of an injured knee. With these exceptions, things stand about like last week. . At Michigan State, even after taking a shellacking from Washington State last Saturday, things apparently are looking up. Probably the cheer in the encampment is based primarily on the Spartans’ 14-0 victory over Great Lakes and the Riveters’ subsequent squelching by the Sailors. Personally, we who saw that Great Lakes team from much too close last week, can’t see. any team beating them by two touchdowns and losing to anyone but the Chicago Bears. But then, it’s been a crazy season. Tomorrow’s fray will be meeting of iinspectacular record-^ all the way around. Michigan State won’t be able to make the getaways the way tLo Sailors didj and the Boilermakers have pretty much con'vinced themselves that they have an air attack. The Riveters should'return to the win column with a 13-7 triumph.’ * ■' If we were inclined to be bitter wp would go ahead and pick teams to win on the basis of the utter impossibility of their even gaining a tie. That’s the way it’s been, and it’ll probably happeir again. Minnesota, a team that has caught us up more'this season than any other, will be meeting Iowa. Iowa- beat Indiana, Indiana beat Minnesota, and Minnes.ota is going tb beat Iowa . . . 14-7 . . . wc say. It’s a special system ... it’s'not supposed to make sense. Michigan is running up against Notre Dame in one of the best tilts of the season, very likely. The Irish have been riding pretty high ever since their defeat by Georgia Tech. Michigan is going to nip Notre Dame, 16-13, Ohio State and- Illinois are tangling again in another tough game. The Buckeyes ran.; wild last week to drop the Pitt Panthers by a score, which rose in round' numbers to the neighborhood of 69-19. The Illini managed to eke out a one-touchdown victory over the sorrowful Northwestern Wildcats. The Buckeyes have too inuefi power for Illiuois this yea;ri The Buckeyes, 21-6. ' The Wisconsin Badgers, dumped practically without ceremony by the Iowa Hawkeyes last week, will meet Northwestern in what should be NU’s sixth conference defeat. The Badgers, 14-0. The Indiana Hoosiers are tackling Kansas State this week, and' on the basis of their upset of the Gophers last week, or any other basi5, Hillenbrand and Co. should take Kansas by 20-0. We were surprised to find that our batting average to date still lingers in the neighborhood of .750, with the predictions mainly involving Conference teams. This ought to do enoug^^h'damage for one day.
I N T RAM U R A L S
Riveters Will Defend Title Monday In Conference Cross Country Meet
Steeplechase; Price
Bosse.pf Evansville.
such knowledge.
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES' now; BEING ORGANIZED Wed., Nov. 18/7 ;0P P.M. ; Advanced Nov. 19, 7:00 P.M. , , / . INROU NOW '(ALJjjEN^S' ’, 6th & Ferry
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION. TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
The following Cai'y Hall Basketball ganies will be played Monday evening, Nov. 16: Court 1—Sprague 7:00 Unit 4 vs. Unit 6. 7:15 Unit 3 vs. Unit-5. 8:15 Unit 2 vs. Unit 7. The following Ward Basketball games will be played Monday evening, Nov. 16.. These are regular games and must be played as scheduled: i
8:00 7:00 7:15 8:00 8:15 7:00 7:15 8:00 8:15
Ward 22 vs.i Wurd 23. Court 2-r-Eredricksbri ’ Ward 2-A ys, 2-B,, Ward 6 vs-. ^ /' Ward 6-A, y^,. -.^fi-B. Ward G-CVs. 9C'' Court 3—Stanley/Befiz •< ] Ward 10-B Vs. lO-A. - Ward 11-A vsl ij-B. Ward ll-C;vi^\ll-D. ■ ■ Ward 11-E-'‘v^?.'21v';,
Patronize Exponent Adverit^rs
i.-' ■
COME DOWN AND PLAY
in the basement of
JhsL fijufidusL TRsmoimL lAniofL Just take a walk through the building!
By Bill Hopkins Last Wednesday evening over 100 fraternity men struggled, groped and panted their way through, over and around all sorts of fiiendish obstacles in quest of participation points for their respective chapters. The occasion was the annual Interfraternity Steeplechase. ' After enough contestants had struggled across the finish line so that the oificials could formulate a score, it was found that the hoys carrying the colors of Alpha Kappa Lambda had come out on top. AKLs boys, namely, Dick Kilpatrick, Justin Seiler, Roger Weatheslor and Ralph Rickes, flashed through in 17:27.3 minutes. Theta Xi Second Less than a minute behind the winners came the Hilltoppers; from Theta Xi who finished the course in 18:06.9 minutes. The next four places were claimed by Acacia, Theta Chi, Phi Delta Theta and Sigma Alpha Epsilon in that order. Indmdual honors went to Wayne Price of Theta Xi who completed the half mile stint in 4:40' minutes, Over PE 12 Course The course of action was centered on that All-Campus nemesis, the PE 12 Obstacle Course. However, the rigors of this hurnan tank trap were augmented' by "the addition of several small detours across the surrounding' countryside. In addition to the aforementioned paths, the participants were also forced to make the Circumnavigation of Ross-' Ade Stadium before they could bring their part of the chase to a
conclusionjj
France Lists Make-Up Periods For PE Cuts 1. Make -up Periods: In light of certain extenuating circumstances, the Division of Physical Education will permit those students who have been absent from class to make up six cuts on the following dates: Saturday, November 14, 1942—. 1:30,p. m. to 3:30 p. ni.—(2 cuts). Saturday, November 28, 1942— 1:30 p. m. to 3:30 p. m.^—(2 cuts). Saturday, December 5, 1942— 1:30 p. m. to 3:30 p. m.^—(2 cuts). Make-up of .absences prior to issuance of delinquency slips will be permitted, This only applies to the present term (September-Decem-
ber, 1942).
2i Penalties: It should be understood that no absences, other than medical, are ^permitted in PEM 12. This is necessary in view of the fact that regular activity is essential to a program of conditioning. Receiving a condition or failure in PEM 12 in any one term will necessitate the scheduling, by the studerit of this course for five periods per week during the following semester. 'Satisfactory coinpletioh of the five-hour course in the .subsequent semester will allow the student to receive a passing grade in the previous semester and the earned grade in current
. semester.
Signed—W. L. FRANCE ' Sport* Shorts Eugene Matrewitz, bespectacled Purdue sophomore gridder from Maywood, 111., has qualified as a “triple threat” lineman.' Starting the season as a" tackle, Matrewitz played end against Wisconsin, shifted to guard against Iowa, and then was back at a wing against Great Lakes. ^ « Although Purdue’s first three home football games were started at 2:30 p. ni., the season’s home finale against Indiana -vvill get under way one-half hour earlier at 2 p. ni.
Eight teams will vie for the Big Ten championship in cross country in a race which will be held in Chicago next Mond^ on the Washington Park course. The meet which will under way at 2 o’clock in the afternoon will have in it sutrh schools as Northwestern, Minnesota, Chicago, Indiana, Piltdue, Illinois, Wisconsin and Returns To Action o^io state. Though this meet can not really be called a cross pattiitry match, because it is bdn^run over more or less a iSejfe/ track, with very little scenic interest, it will still contain the ^rueL, ing stretch of four miles. Probkbly; seven men will represent the Riy-' eters as they defend their title -won last year. These men will be deterr mined to repeat last year's formance from the time trials which
were held last night.
New Race Initiated / In order to supply a new interest to the sport, Coach Hermon Phillips installed a new type of handicap race for the time 'trials. Thfi men who have been finishing last, in meets and.time trials, started pot at thirty second intervals, with eaifii succeeding man Waiting the :ffill thirty seconds. In other words, the fastest man on the squad started, out about seven or eight minutes
after the first man.
This kind of competition ■^ill show their coach and also the sip#- • er fellows what they can do 'wlieii they are out in front and alsP 'what the faster men can do when they are on the tail end. About ten fipfier^ classmen and eight freshmen cpfild be seen running the mile Cofifse around the intromural field ladt night, as they raced the four miles for the time trials. ' : '
Duesler Leads Team
Chuck Duesler will probably lead the team into the meet Monday; according to Coach Phillips, Duesler is the most improved; maii in thC V conference this year. Phillips' said that Chuck has an excellent chance of finishing third in the meet, and can even go higher if he finds Himself. In the three-way meet ■with Indiana and Notre Dame last wPek Duesler finished fourth behind Hunter of the Irish and Mitchell and
Judge of Indiana.
Indiana ■will be rated as one of the teams to beat in the conference. The Hoosiers have had an undefeat-, ed season and have two outstanding runners in Mitchell and Judge.; In. a dual meet, Indiana beat the Boilermakers 19 to 36 and they again beat the Riveters in the State meet when they walked away with the title. ' , ’ Riveters Beat Tough Illini Squaut Illinois will be another tough team in the race, but the Riveters heat them in dual competition 23 to 34. The Illini have three outstafiding men, namely, Sieb, Dunn and Gladding. In regular competition the Boilermakers also defeated Ohio State 19-33 and Wisconsin 17-4<> in Big Ten competition and 'Wests^ Michigan in a npn-confererice nseet. The team will leave here Sfiiidi^' morning and run the course warm up Sunday afternoon.' TnoaP who will probably make the are Duesler, Roach, Lynch, Sewaitjr Kinder, Harrer, Ashwell and Mi-
chaels.
After being handicapped by knee and ankle injuries since the opening game with Fordhafii, Kenny Smock, triple-threat halfback on the Boilermaker squad, has been given the OK sign by the team physician and will in all probabilities see plenty of action tomorrow. Kenny’s passing and broken-field running will be a welcomed addition in the Boilermaker’s quest for their second win of the year against the powerfifP Spartans from Mich-
igan State. ,
In Shape Again
Another Boilermaker who has been watching se'veral of the past few games from the sidelines due to injuries is center Al Luego. Although he suffered a reoccurrence of an old injury last Saturday, Al is now in shape and will be ready to go against the Michigan State outfit tomorrow. He, will probably share the pivot duties ■ with Ott
Hurrle.
PIA will sponsor another Tea Dance in the south ballroom of the Union next Saturday from 3:00 to 5:30 in the afternoon. Music will be from records. All members and coeds' will be admitted free; nonmember eds will be charged one thin dime. ' Community Chest Drive PIA has been asked to organize the Independents in the current drive to raise funds for thq local Community Chest; Ward-chairmen are receiving donations from independents in their wards. Pins The new PIA pins are on display now in the office. Prices for these pins vary over a wide range. Due to difficulty in obta,ining materials, orders must be placed at least ten days in advance of delivery.
Do llliiii Pilfer On Purpose? Now that “Ball-Stealers, Ine.,’? is an appropriate name for the Illinojs football team, by virtue of .tihe touchdowns scored by Alex Agfise against Minnesota and Elmer Engel against Northwestern, it's time to rise and ask: “How did they get so light-fingered?” Queried if he and his aides cou.Gh the Illini to try to pilfer the ball, Coach Ray Eliot answers cryptically, “Well, we do and we don't”. By this Eliot \ means that the players are pccasionally urged to try to obtain possession of the hall legitimately but tWt no espeCiai time is spent attemptingAo teach a burglar technique..'• • *> . ■EM.w^w'ir .^^wyi^isri«» ' ' , . FrBay;T/amtnber-I$,/^
wmM
»mim»
Abkett Anndt^rlcis ■ r'^ Gas Ration Rules
dn, Jhji
j As previoisly announced by the Tippecanoe County War Price and Rationing Boards the dates for gasoline rationing for the University employees have befen changed from November 12; is and 14 td November 18, 19 and 20. The rationing will take place in the main corridor, first floor, Executive Building, between the hours of 8 a. m. and 5 p. m. To speed the rationing and . . —- -
prevent congestion, it is sug- fg^ultV ToHonOt Aq gested that as far as possible / . ^
that employees with surnames 56f)#OrS At OliinGt
beginning with the letters A-
G report on November 18; Ag-ricultm-e seniors will be enterwith letters H-R report on Novem- t«”ied at a dinner Monday evening ber 19, and with letters S-Z report 5:30 by the alumni and faculty on November 20. members of the agricultural school. The-following gasoline I'atiohing T'n® will be^ the sixteenth annual
instructions were issued by the Uni versity committee, headed by H. P. Abbott, in charge of gas rationing: (1) Form R-534, Application for Basic IVtileage Ration, has been dis-
tributed to all employee
informal dinner. According to plans, the dinner will be held in the Agricultural Engineering building. Roscoe Fraser,. of the horticultural extension department, will act as toastmaster for the evening.
University Presby terian Church -9:30 a. m. Sunday Schol. Dr. G, Ht Groves’ class will discuss the incidents in the life of Christ that Mark tells about in the Sixth chapter of his Gospel. 10:30 a. m. Church Worship. Dr. .John Maxwell Adams wifi deliver his sermon on “What Gets You.” Dr. Adams is the secretary of the Presbyterian NationaP Board of Ghinstian Education in charge of work in state universities. The organ numbers will be “Prayer” by Boellman, “Elevation” by Guilmont, and “Postlude” by Clark. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening Club. Following the supper the club will go in a group to the Religious-Em-phasis Week Convocation in Eliza Fowler, Hall. The speaker will be Dr. Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary.
(2) The application should be Prof.-H. W. Gregory, head of dairy filled out completely in the name department will represent the fac
of the registered owner. The regis- ulty in his welcome to the seniors, tered owner must sign the applica- The welcoming address by the reption, but it can be presented by some ''^e alumni will be other employee of the University, .Edward Menafee, president of the dr a member of the family in case Univeraity Agricultuial
Alumni
of absence of the applicant.
Association. The senior: answer will
(S) The applicant must have in de given by Howard Biesslin, Ag
his possession only five tires and all senior.
serial numbers must . be listed bn , Ralph Thbuipson,: a member of
the application, and all excess tires Jde board of jtrustees of the Unimust be sold to the government and versity and a.;-graduate:of the Agri-
turned over to the Railway Express Agency before the application is
presented.
(4) The automoDile registration
cultural .Sehiool, .will be the main
speaker fbr ffie;' becasion;- -
Prof. .W.- Gi:'Mills-iia chairman of the arrafigements .cmirraittee for the
card must be presented with the dinndr. The;,atudefits-are the guests application. This card is the one of the faculty. There will be no
P^isoniiel
which Conies with the license plates charge for the dinnei.
and which is carried in the automobile. Employees who are fi’bm states which do not issue a registration card can get a certificate when they obtain their basic ration
West Lafayette Baptist Church Cynthia Jones Hall, corner of Columbia and Chauncey , 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Class Will be instructed by Rev. Joseph Baird. . 10:30 a. m, Church Worship Service. Associate Professor of Philosophy Paul Arthur Schilpp will give the message on “Christ Versus Barabbas.” The Choir Will sing and there will be special music . by Arthur Jacklin, the church organist. 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship Hour. 6:00 p. m. Supper fifteen cents. 6:30 p. m. Vesper service led by Don Radke. 7:15 p. m. The group will go in. a body to Fowler Hall to hear Dr. Albert W. Palmer speak on “What Can Religion do for the World Today.”
Fivshmen WAA’ers challenged the tVest t.afayette Hockey Club in a game last Saturday in honor of bad’s Day. Playing the tourney dihid . a heavy November- “dew,” they lost to. the Hockey Club by a score of 3-0. Lineup for the game included:- ' Freshmen Hockey Clu^ Mordock RW.............. Henni^ Bower !...RI Bond Katzenberg ..,.:.CF..... ..Russell Hillaert LI..... <. Bell Roahrig LW Hesler Fox ......:..RH VerHoeyen Garey 1 .;..CH Baum Sanders „EH.... Westovef King l.RB Hazelton Markham .....LB Doster Weldon :....G.. Williamson Burnham :..Subs Johnson.. —WAA—.. Volleyball callouts will be held at 4 next Monday.. Practices will continue Monday through Friday, with two practice games required for participation in the intramural tournament.iS(Thie tourney will be Round Robin in leagues and the tWo top teams' wift-; qualify for the finals. ■ --WAA— Intramural softball finals, between Whrds ir and III will be played tpnight at 4. The two teams are stiil battling foi'-the silver loving c,uj) as a result of a 10-10 tie chalked up early in October. . __WAA— Freshman Joyce Allen defeated,; sophomore Lois VerHoeven last Tuesday in the last match of the tennis finals. Scores for the game were 6-1, 4-6, 6-2.
Pan-Hellenic Council To Students Accompari| At 4 Ragains To 4^Hianquet
AH Students: Thhfe pre still,
versity Directories leit. ' As long ns’tnt! **1®
piy lasts, any studeh.t; Who *'?>’. PPt
Pan-Hellenic Council will hold a Several students from the Unimeeting next Wednesday'after nUon versity Musical Organizations acat 4 :00 in the Faculty Lounge of the companied Joseph M. Ragains, asUnion building for all women stu- sistant choral director, on a trip to dents who are„ interested in being Terre Haute last night. The trip rushed in January. was arranged through the 4-H clubs At this meting the rules foi^for their junior leaders’ banquet, rushing will be explained and the - Community singing was led by following chairmen will be intro- Ragains. Charles Wiecking, pianist; dUced: Alpha Chi Omega, Josephine Ruth Ralston, contralto; and Bob Regnell; Alpha Xi Delta, Mildred Pettiner, accordion player,, enter-
Kitley; Chi Omega, Frances tained the group.
piy lasts, any studehit; Who hns npf Slypo,®'. obtained a eppy, mfty ;g,pt onp Wy-'
the ftogistrar's' hffiee/And:
passj)ort.p^RALI>H^fi. - Tau Bttn Pi: Imjidrtilflt Wdeting foWiile election of members Thursday, ^ 7:80 p. m. in East Faculty Lounffc., This iB\ a compulsory, meeting: wpd fih^ Will bb,
levied for uncjtcuscd absences. ^
—YOUNGiqiiQqD.;^;
Presidents, of Horioraries: Mcdt/in. rboni. 302 of the Union at, 4 :15 mV Frldajf*'. jToV.' 13, for discussion of ah AlNBiigirteet** innf Banquet. Send a representative i^yoq cannot be there. —YGUNGBLOOl)':. •
Gold Peppers: iVloetihj? Friday, J^ov. lS, at 4 :30 p. m. in the AWS office. TihportanJ^ plans will be discussed. —SIMONS >,
Thompson; Delta Gamma, Mary Ann Click; Kappa, Alpha Theta, Ginny Lee McDonald and Janet Glatz; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Jean Yahres; Phi Mu, Louise Siler; and
Pi Beta Phi, Betty Ward.
Lutheran Students,; Meet in louhffp ht south entrance of the Union Sunday eve-:* nin^r at 7 :16. From there we will so in'4i body to. the Religions EmpHasih Con^^ Tn ■ Fowler Hall. —WALLACE;
Notices
Outing Ciui): Outing Suiidny,, NqV. 15, Meet at Women’s Gym at 3 p. rti'. CidI Dalo Hennia, 66614, for reseryations, by Saturday
Tomorrow's Mixer Will feature Mahiis
All KOTC Students: New regulation concerning "Make-up” for absence from Military classes is posted oh Armory Bulletin Board. All ROTC students should read this regulation during their next hour in the Armory. . . —GRAHAM
Sigma Delia GhI Peldges s jPIcase pay ih^ •tiation fee to me on or before Tuesday, Nov. 23. It will be ipipossihle to initiate anyone until he has paidj •' —HADLEY,' .
Sigma Delta Chi: Initiation and ban<)Uot, Tuesday. Nov. 23, in Union. Rooih and exact, time will be announced later. . Vr-ARMSTRONO;
,• Maury Mahn and his orchestra^
will play for the Union mixer to-
V^ollcybaii Callout: Monday, Nov. 16, at 4 p. m. Come dressed to play. , —CAMPBELL
Navy V-7: Juniors and seniors who are
morrow night in the Is pith xsail- assembling papers supporting their request
Freshihan Womch: .Therh'wili an hnportanfc meeting of freshman wortlen platt* ning to major or minor in' physical education Monday, Nov. 16, at 4 p. m. in roqm 204 of the Women's Gyni. —BAUN/,
room. Tickets can noW be obtained for enlistment in V-7 who are under 21
. .. years of age must submit three copies of
at the west'desk and will be avail* parents consent properly notarized. Copies
able at the door for $1.10,.including ^
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation hike wiil icavo at 7 p. m., Nov. 14. Officeta Wiii be eiected on the hike. Aii g,oing to the bannuet meet at the Union at 5 p. m. Sunday. —BENDER,
tax.
The backdrops will De the same as those used for the Military Ball tonight.
Exponent Seniors: Those desiring ,gold keys should sec me. —GJEMRE
Gimlet Club: Paddles have arrived, iind may be obtained from me by coming to the^ Rhi PsT house at any time. —FRASER
Alpha Chi Omega
Pmtfernity Rush Chairmen: Cary Hall rush is now open. However men cannot bo pledged until second semester. —WILCOX
Classified
Conipaniesj t(y..yisit campus: Bureau of: .Naval Personnel
book which Can be presented in lieu V-7(S) for Bureau of Naval Ord-
of the registration card. (5) All employees from out-of-
nancer^Nove^nbc.r 12 and 13. Moraine Products Division, Day-
state who now have ration cards ton, ©Mb—November 14. Interested
from eastern areas must register jVietE;,,
Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp.; Si Charleston, W. ,Va.—No-
vember 16. and 17.
Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Okla-
for rationing so as to get the tire inspection portion of Form R-534. (6) Requirements for supplemental gasoline for occupational
use must be applied for on Form i,„™Novembe7r7^’lnt“erested R-535. These forms can be procured : , ^ ohvsicists from the department heads. The ^ . ^ in-
forms should be filled out and presented at the time of the procurement of the basic “A” rationing book and should be accompanied by
Joint Recruiting Board—Armjq Navy, Marine Corps-Coast Guard— Columbus, Ohio—Nov. 17 and 18. Carnegierlllinois Steel Corp., Chi-
the “Employee’s Survey Form,” dis- cago. 111.—November 16 and 17.
tributed by the Transportation Ad-
visory Committee.
(7) Employees who use their personal cars for authorized Univer-
Gulf Research & Development Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.—November 18. Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, N. J. —November 18. Interested in ChE,
sity travel should fill out the Form BS, ME andi Phd chemists
R-535 and attach thereto the “Per- Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas,
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program Morning—At Christian Church 6th & North St.,'Lafayette 9:30 a. m. Studeiit Class. Di'. George Walker Bucknei', Jr., Editor of World Call, from Indianapolis, will speak on the subject, “India’s Position In the World of Tomor-
row.”
10:40 a. m. Church Worship Service. Dr. Buckner will preach the sermon. Mrs. Rosa Page Welch, concert singer of renown, will sing. Evening—At 131 S. Grant 5:30 p. m. 15c supper. 6:00 p. m. Mrs. Rosa Page Welch will lead us in the singing of Negro Spirituals- and in discussion. Note change in time. 7:30 p. m. Go in group to Fowler Hall to hear Dr. Albert W. Palmer. Don’t miss this last meeting of the Religious Emphasis Week.
—WAA— The undefeated soph-senior team in the hockey tournament will meet the; juniors tonight and tomorrow night at 4. Since the freshman team has been eliminated in the double Round Robin tourney, this will be the deciding game. . —WAA— - , Call-outs for the hockey officials rating course will be this Thursday at 4 in the Gym. Coeds who pass the written and practical tests and referee their intial game will be awarded 25 WAA points with five points added for officiating at each additional game.
. . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: Joanne Hobbs, president; Betty Hutchins, vice president; Marian Douglass, recording secretary; Lois Caldwell, coi-responding secretary; Faye Tyler, treasurer; Jo Regnell, rush chairman; Joan Sullivan, warden; Louise Bowman, co-rush chairman; Laverne Zeno, social chairman; Wilma Jean Palmer, song leader, and Anne Bradley, house manager.
Alisha Phi Omega: The annual banquf-t will be heki Sunday. Nov* 14. For reservations and particulars, see dr call Kuck, 2(51 SW Cary Hall, immediately. -BENDER
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guna, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
All Women Swimmers: Beginning ballet group will practice every Monday at 4:30 p. m. All interested come then. Advanced group will practice every Thursday at 5 1). m. —JOHNSON
Typewriters—Adding Macnines, all makes sold; rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Eberfehoff, 606 Maifi, Lafayette. Phone 2779. /
Carriers Wanted-*-AppIy at Exponent Oflice or phone 3063. Ask for Klouman.
All Mi^c Students: EnlistmcnU in the Enlisted Reserve Corp.s of the Army closes on-December 31. 1942. If you desire to cnii.st and have not yet applied, your application should be placed immediately in Room B4 in the basement of the ,Armory. --GRAHAM
Lo.st—Alpha Chi Omega badge. Reward; Phone 5092.. - . v!’
A room-mate is desired for a college boy in a large double room in a new home at 420 Forrest Ave., West Lafayette. Tho rent is $15 per ihonth. Phone 56882. % ,
Russell C. Shipman
... of the University agricultural engineering extension staff will be one of the speakers on the program of the Indiana Implement Dealers’ Association convention, to be held in Indianapolis, December 8 and 9% His talk “Carrying On Through Farmer Education” is scheduled for Tuesday, December 8. ■
Sept.-Oct. Code Group: Quiilificafion Cortificates may be obtained in the Supply Room in the Armory by tluise students of the Septemher-Oetober. Code Group that, qualified at G w.p.m. or better. —HESTEUBERG ,
Lo.st—-Brown billfold on carhpus SaturdiU night. Reward. Phono 83312. John Altiri* quist. -
Skull and Crescent: Paddles are in. Pick them up at Tau EP-silun Phi. —JACOBS,
Surveying Students: An examination for removal of C grades in C. E. 6 will be held in Room 101, C. E. buildin, at 1. p. m. . SMurday, Nov. 14. Permits must be obtained in room 102 before Friday. Nov. 13. ■--LOMMEL
YOUNG LADY for full time, or minimum half time, assistant bookkeeping position. Apply Southworth’s mornings.
ywe^
Riflery:. All 4rirLs must have six rifiery practices completed within the next two weeks. Make up practices on Monday. Tuesday or Thursday nights. —WILBUR
sonal Car Usage Survey Form” and Texas—November 20. Interested in the “Employee’s Survey Form” (if BS, MS and PhD Chemists, suppleiiiental gasoline is required Holley Carburetor Co., Detroit, for personal use) and; submit the Michigan-November 25. Interestsame to his department head before ed in ME. Sign in Personnel Office.
November 16.
Army and navy officers on the University staff, which includes
N.avy Department, Blaw-Knox Co.,. Martins Perry, Ohio—^Interest-
those identified with the ROTC, will ed in Naval Ordnance Material In-
register With University employees, spectors; Sign in Personnel Office but those identified with other by Tuesday, November 17.. units are to register at the local Fairchild Aviation Corp., Jamaisehools, or schools nearest which ca, N. Y.-—Interested in ME EE. they reside. Sign in Personnel Office by Tues- : Students will get their ration day, November .17.. ■ cards at the. grade school nearest Pontiac Motor Division, G.M.C., their place of lesidence, those in Pontiac, Michigan—ME, CE. Sign West Lafayette at Morton school, in Personnel Office by Saturday, Nothose in Lafayette at their nearest vember 21i. school, and those residing in other Aeronca Aircraft Corpioration, cities, towns, or the country at their Middletown, Ohio—ME, AE. Sign nearest school house. in Personnel Office by Saturday,
Lambell Discusses Trend
November 21.
Of Aircraft Engine Design
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Sunday Services of the Wesley Foundation 435 State Street 9:30 a. m. Three Student Classes. 1. The Christian Roots of Democracy taught by. Rev. E. R. Balsley. 2. Building a World Christian Community taught by Miss Clara Jakes. 3., Letter Writing in the N. T. taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. 10:40 a. m. Morning worship service at the First Methodist Church. Doctor Albert Palmer, President of Chicago Theological Seminary will preach. Dr. Palmer is one of the Religious Emphasis Week team leaders. 5:45 p. m. Wesley Ve.spers.'Sup])er will be served' at 5 o’clock followed by games and fellowship. At 7:16 the group from Wesley will go to the final Religious Convocation of the Religious Emphasis Week, which will be hold in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30.
(Continued from page 1) Graham, pastor of Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette, who will speak on “Freedom of Religious Expression”; and Miss Wygal, who will again speak .on “Freedom from Fear” at the discussion groups tomorrow evening. Each Indiana college YW chapter has taken some responsibility for the conference. Billie Rathenburger, Indianapolis, student at DePauw, is general chairman of the conference; Harriet Haymaker, of the DePauw faculty, is adviser for the conference with the help of Mrs. G^ R. Thornton who is the YWCA adviser for the chapter here. Betiy Evans, junior HE, is chairman of the arrangements at the University. A program ol tne meetings to be held tomorrow evening and Sunday morning may be obtained in the YWCA office.
Buy War Bonds
Purdue Enffincer: Inipurtant meelinp: of all senior and junior staff members Tuesday, Nov. 17, at 7 :30 p. m. in the office. -:-YOUNGBLOOD
* DOES YdUH PEN LEAK? Exper? Repair Service . SOUTHWO^Trt'S •;
Hays Jewelry Co.
131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
Across From Union '‘lied*’ Sammons ’29 "Doc” Kppic *40
“The Trend of Aircraft Engine Design” was the topic discussed by P. M. Lambell, British ordnance inspector, last Tuesday, November 19, in the Mechanical Engineering^ building. j Lainbell’s discussion was backed by . six years of engineering practice in England including ground work in the RAF before being .sent to this country. , Before his lecture, Lambell was entertained at dinner by Pi’of. H, A. Bolz, honorary chairman of the University branch of ASME, student officers, and mechanical engi-
When you take your girl to the
MILITARY BALL
don’t wear your shoes out
. neering faculty.
WBAA To Broadcast Detective Drama
WBAA will piesent its second program entitled “Purdue Wreckshop” at 1:00 tomorrow afternoon. The play, “Gi'itgort Goads Goebbels,” is a continuation of the adventures of detective George Gritgort. Hi's adventures were previously told in the )a(lio and stage production of "The (lase of the Candy.” Tomonow’s presentation will give an account of the detective’s meeting with llinnulci', (iochbels, ami Hitler.
by walking.
Take her in style—f and ride in a
YELLOW CAB
23
d^wt. SsuivioL — Phone —
3071
mSUlHliTOH MERRY-60-
pOR a clear and convincing piclure of fhe course of notional and foreign affairs, joojk to The Wash*
ington Merry>Go-Round. You’ll, find in this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put aiid authentic facts you want to.know—-and, in these days, need to. know. You'll find out who's who bock of the ballyhoo, the influences underlying, issues, previews pf news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round appears
DREW PEARSON
THE
PURDUE
'll
\ \ \ I