mm
iSSSSlS
//
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students ol Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY February 25, 1535 Lafayette, Zndiaiio VOL. 49 No. 120
Esfey Discusses Economic Aspects Of Marriage In Second Senior Marital Talk Expenses of getting married, the amount of money necessary to have children, and other economic aspects of marriage were pointed out by Dr. J. A. Estey, of the economics department, yesterday in a talk on “Money and Marriage” in a senior marital lecture in the Education Building.
Money Necessary
C. A. Ellis To Show Motion Pictures Of Golden Gate Bridge Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the civil engineering school, will show motion pictures and discuss the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge at the 68th annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council, which will be held today at the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis. Two former staff members of the University will also speak on the program. L. W. Wallace, director of research and development for the Crane Company and a member of the faculty here from 1913 to 1917, will talk on “The Engineer and Civilization,” while the engineers’ registration law will be explained by R. V. Achatz, who was on the electrical engineering staff. M. R. Keefe, CE ’02, chief engineer of the Indiana State Highway Commission, is president of the Council this year. Prom Ticket Offered For Decoration Plan Plans for decorations for the annual Junior Prom to be staged in the Union ballroom April 22, must be submitted to Prom Committeman Mason by March 5, Mason said last
night.
As has been the custom for the last few years, the person who submits the best plan will receive a complimentary ticket to this gala social event of the season. Stipulations for decorations require that full construction specifications be submitted, and that the total cost of supplies and construction must not exceed $200. Mason is the committee member in charge of decora-
tions.
In reply to questions regarding selection of bands, Prom Committee man Sasser replied, that due to the present advanced date, no booking agents are yet ready to announce bands available on April 22.
University Faculty The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, February 28, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Mdre or less unsettled today; tomorrow considerable cloudiness and much warmer. Yesterday’s Temperature: High, 31; low, 27; mean, 29.
After he was introduced by WSGA President Betty Ann Stewart, Dr. Estey asserted fob his first topic that the amount of money necessary to get married was too indefinite because of changin^tan^ dards of living. The location of living also accounted for the variability of the amount of money necessary to get married. Budgets are a necessity for the first three or four years of married life, he continued. After this period of economic uncertainty, the couple may have a general idea of the expenses of marriage and judge the domestic expenditures without a plan. Cost Of Children Students gravely listened to the statement by Dr. Estey that it costs the couple $260 for the birth of each child to the family. Divisions of income caught the attention of the 260 seniors present as the speaker listed five ways of spending the famly income. In order, he listed that the wife might run the expenses, the husband may “boss” the budget, the husband may pay the wife to run domestic money problems, or both husband and wife may run the budget. His final argument delved on the theory that the husband and wife may receive an allowance for personal expenses, and set aside a joint account for general domestic problems. This argument. Dr. Estey asserted, was the better of the five plans for economic problems in the family. Cofillion Ticket Sale Steps Sinday Sophomore Cotillion tickets will no longer be on sale after Sunday according to Ross Drever, president of Skull and Crescent. The Cotillion which is to be held in the Union ballroom March 11, will be limited to 360 couples, Drever said last night. At a meeting of Skull and Crescent Wednesday night, it was decided to call in all outstanding tickets by next Sunday, which leaves only 60 tickets to be sold, as 300 had been sold by last Wednesday. Prof. J. T. Gunn Ledures On Music Personalities “Personalities in Music” was the subject of a lecture given by Professor J. T. Guhn before a music appreciation group in the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. last night. Professor Gunn stressed the importance of becoming acquainted with classical music while one is a student. He discussed the personalities of outstanding musicians who have beett guests at Purdue Convoeations and played recordings of some of their musical achievements.
Mary Wien Guest At White House Mary Wien, University coed, who won a national cherry pie baking contest recently, visited Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt yesterday in the Red Room ©f the White House. She was accompanied on her visit by her mother, Mrs. Elmer Wien, of West Lafayette, Summer School Plans Announced Forty-eight intensive unit courses lasting from one to three weeks each, and especially designed for those who cannot attend the full eight weeks, will be given at the University during the annual Summer Session which will open June 16 and close August 13. This was the announcement made yesterday by Dr. Frederic B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, who also is the head of the Summer Session. Subjects “We have planned more of these intensive courses than ever before because they help meet the needs of teachers especially who wish to take one or two subjects and still do not wish to spend the full eight weeks in study,” said Dr. Knight. The unit courses will cover a wide variety of subjects in education, engineering, agriculture, physical education, home economics and science, and credit toward a bachelor or graduate degree will be given for those successfully completing the work . For the first time advanced degrees will be offered by the University in the field of education. The degrees on which work will be offered will include master of science in education, master of science in psychology and doctor of philosophy in psychology. This change is made in response to requests from numerous members of the teaching profession in the state who wish to take more work in their respective fields of study. Inquiries about the Summer Session already have started and the largest summer enrollment in the history of the University is expected.
Keith Beecher's Band Plays At Annual Pan-Hellenic Winter Formal Tonight
Biglier, Swift Named To WSGA Executive Board Thelma Bugher, Pi Beta Phi pledge, and Ruth Swift, Chi Omega pledge, were chosen by their classmates to be freshman representatives on the WSGA Executive Board at the elections held last night in Fowler Hall. Both girls are enrolled in the home economics school. The program committee, under the leadership of Margaret Ritchey, presented the skit “The Trial of Peggy Fairfax.” Alice Parlon, in the role of Peggy Fairfax was found guilty of selfish misdirection of her time and energy during her college career. The jury members, all heads of the various co-ed activities, frowned on Peggy’s excessive social program with the consequent neglect Of all extra-curricular activities. In spite of Dorothy Martenet’s spirited defense. Judge Peggy Hamilton announced the jury’s verdict of “guilty.” During the business meeting suggested changes in rules under the jurisdiction of the Judicial Board were voted upon and the immediate revision made. Jolin J. Niles, Singer, To Appear Here On March 8 John Jacob Niles, of Louisville, Ky., singer of American folk music, will appear before the University Club at 8 p. m,, March 8, in the Union Building. Mr. Niles will render a program comprising of many types of folk songs and ballads. He is also a composer, and will include several of his own compositions in the concert.
Vitamin ’ Co-eds Fight Night Blindness Menace
By Emily Sawdon “Night blindness” has always proved to be a great handicap, but since the advent of automobiles it has proved to be more and more a menace to society. The loss of lives which result from the inability to focus vision instantaneously is continually growing greater and can no longer be ignored. But first something must be known about the defect. Vitamin A Dr. Ceceila Schuck and Wilma Miller in the School of Home Economics have been ndaking investigrations in this field, and find that the answer appears to be simple correlation between sensitivity to light and deficiency of vitamin A. The instrument which they use looks like a cross between a telescope and a photographer’s camera and is called
a bio-photometer. Its use is based on the fact that the substance that enables us to see light is visual purple, which requires vitamin A for its synthesis. Consequently, the delayed restoration of visual purple after exposure to bright light results in temporary blindness. Experiments Experiments to verify this correlation were made with 94 Purdue co-eds from 17 to 22 years of age as subjects. Twenty per cent of them showed poor adaptation to light. These girls were tested a few days later to confirm the first test and then selected for further study. For one week each girl kept a record of her diet to show her dietary habits. The subjects were then paired, one serving as a control on her regular diet while the other had» (Continued on page 4)
Keith Beecher, descendant of Henry Ward Beecher, minister, will provide the music for 300 or 350 couples tonight at the Women’s Pan-Hellenic annual winter formal in the Union ballroom. This is the first time Beecher and his company have visited the campus.
Closed Dance
The dance is open only to members of the seven Greek letter sororities. Viriginia Laramore, chairman of the dance announced last night that attendants at the door will identify ticket holders and she urged that non-Pan-Hellenic members with tickets save themselves embarrassment by not trying to at-
tend.
Beecher who has played at the Stevens Hotel, the Aragon and Trianon ballrooms in Chicago, and on the NBC hook-up, is on a tour of campus’ in the mid-west. Two O’clock Honrs WSGA has granted all co-eds two o’clock hours for Friday night. Before the dance, members of the intersorority council will entertain their dates at a formal dinner in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 7:30. Jean Stoltz is in charge of the dinner, assisted by Viriginia Richards. The backdrop will picture a map of the campus locating the sorority houses thereon- Each couple will be given a white leather, gold embossed program bearing the University seal at the door. The list of chaperones includes the house mothers of all of the sox’orities. Lt. Col. Wrighf Will Interview Army Air Corps Applicants Lieutenant Colonel William B. Wright of the Army Air Corps will be at the University Armory today and tomoi’row to interview applicants for an appointment to the Army Air Corps. According to Lt.' Col. Wright, commencing July 1st, the Army Air Coi’ps wants to obtain a great many military plane pilots, and offers an appointment as flying cadet with the pay of $76 per month above all expenses while learning to become a military airplane pilot. Upon completion of one year’s training, the applicant is commissioned a second lieutenant in the air reserve and given three years active duty with pay and allowance that amounts to $246.60 per month. If a senior serves three years with the Corps, when he returns to civilian life he will receive a bonus of $500. If he stays two additional years he will be paid $358.50 per month, which is the pay of the 1st lieutenant in the air reserve. During the five years he may compete for a Regular Army commission. To be eligible for competition the applicant must be between 20 ^nd 27 years of age, unmarried and must have completed at least 50 per cent of his studies toward a degree. Application blanks may be obtained in the office of the Military Science Department.
Award Degrees To Forty-Seven Degrees were conferred on 47 persons at the close of the past semester, it was announced here today. The group included three foreign students, two from Turkey and one from China. The complete list is as follows: Bachelor of Science: Clara J. Anderson and Ann L. Lewis of Indianapolis; George W. Burnell, Jr., Lafayette; Lowell Decker, Fremont; Frances M. Doyle, West Lafayette; Donald H. Farquharson, Highland, Park, 111.; Cecil E. Goode, Mulberry; Joan Hall, Ft. Wasnie; Wesley Love, Higginsport, O.; and Richard A. Pence, Tipton. Bachelor of Science in Home Economics: Lillian A. Murphy, South Bend and Margaret E. Rosentrader, Churubusco. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering: Edward Bluemel, of West Lafayette; Howard Peters, Elwood; and George O. Pratt, Hammond. Bachelor of Science in Phaimxacy: James F. Garner, Indianapolis; Waldemar L. Sielski, Gary; and Alvera Wanier, Hammond. Bachelor of Science in Physical Education: Robert E. Selby of Richmond. Bachelor of Science xn Agriculture: Robert L. Holdeman of Elk-
hart.
Master of Science: Sherman O. Kessler and Leonard B. Schweiger of West Lafayette; Sister M. Rosanna Peters, Lafayette; Author Purdue, Rochester; and Guy R. Sipe, State College, Miss. Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering: John M. Ammerman, Indianapolis; Max M. Bowen, Lafayette; David R. Brown, Scarsdale, New York; Clinton M. Burkholder, Laramie, Wyo; Russel Clinton, Indianapolis; David L. Dooley, Summit, N. J.; Richard B. Dow, Hamburg, N. Y.; Russel M. Downes, Tipton; Joseph F. Rhodes, Peru; Robert C. Rike, Dayton, O.; Paul H. Rogers, Hope; and John W. Wylde, Greenup,
111.
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering: Donald H. Dodt, Mishawaka; Edward J. Fisher, Chicago; Glenn E. Merriam, Toledo, O.; Benihard A. Nihlson, Chicago; EHlis M. Steen, West Lafayette; Robeirt W. Wood, Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Master of Science in Engineering: Sherman T. Brewer, Madison Barracks, N. Y.; Chao-Hsi Chou, Peking, China; Ali Saim Ka3rmak, Konya, Turkey; and Ridvan Ali Uner, Cerkeskay, Trakya, Turkey. Phi Gamma Delta... . . . announces the pledging of Edmon J.' Holderman of Escanaba, Mich.
Hybrid Corn Research Project Is Latest Problem Facing Professors
Editor’s Note: This is the sixth in a series of articles concerning: research activities at Purdue. Other articles in this series will be published two or three times a week.
By U. I. Stanback Something new under the sun— hybrid corn—^is rapidly gaining in popularity on the agricultural corn production front. Produced by methods discovered over 20 years ago, hybrid corn will make its large scale debut during this next season when it is likely to be produced on 40 percent of America’s corn belt acreage. Agricultural experimental statioiis, Purdue’s and many others, to-
gether with commercial farms are responsible for development and production of the hundreds of new hybrids that appear each year. Only in the last three or four years have hybrids been available for farmers. Hybrids can only be grown from specially produced seed; and the seed must be bought fresh each season. Methods that seed growers use are simple on the surface but must be carried through with the utmost care, and must be supervised by highly trained corn experts. Dr. R. R. St. John, ex-faculty member, headed Purdue’s developmental research until he left last year to work for a commercial seed grower. S. R. Miles, of the agronomy department, now supervises the Experimental Station testing of hy-
brid corn, while Dr. A. M. Brunson is coming from Kansas this year to take charge of development research in place of St. John. J. F. Trost and G. M. Smith, of the United States Department of Agriculture, K, E. Beeson, of the agronomy department, and D. S. Jones of the University botany department, complete the list of men working on this University corn project. Hybrid corn itself is grown from seed produced by the cross breeding of two or more inbred strains. Inbred strains are developed from open-pollinated corn by a process of selective self-pollination. Starting with a good variety of ordinary open-pollinated'^com, steps are taken to make each plant pollinate itself, and itself only. Before
silks emerge, paper bags are placed on the ear-shoots, and then paper bags are placed over the tassels. After the cornsilks are developed the paper bags are traded, thus fertilizing each ear with pollen from its own stalk. Seed from this self-pollinated corn is planted the next season, after this, corn grown on all undesirable plants is destroyed, and the superior plants are again self-pollin-ated. After at least four or five generations of self-pollination, inbred coni strain with mostly good characteristics is harvested. Then comes cross breeding. All inbred strains are puny and unproductive. They have little resistance to weather and on the whole’are not desirable. To get the
superior hybrids, therefore, it is necessax-y to cross-bx-eed sevex-al of these inbreds . . . usually four. Combined two at a time, four inbreds of different types are crossbred in two seasons to form the final hybrid corn. This cross-bx’eed-ing is done on a large scale, with one inbred serving as male, or pollen parent, and the other inbred as female parent. Fields are planted with one row of male serving three rows of female parents. Every tassel appearing upon a female parent stalk must be destroyed immediately or the whole cross-bx’eeding project will fail. Purdue each year tests about 600 and turns out about 300 new hybrid varieties, then discards over 95 per-
cent of them because they are inferior to other varieties already developed. In fact, Purdue now recommends only about a dozen varieties for general use by farmers. Profit-makers for farmers ai-e these hybxids, since they increase yields per acx‘e far in excess of the increased seed cost. Good hybrids usually px-oduce five to 10 per cent more corn per acre, while their seed cost is only about a dollar per acre. Estimated extra profit due to hybrid corn is aboxxt $3.00 per acre, depending upon current prices. Last year hybrid seed was at a premium; virtually all commercial seed was sold by New Year’s day. This year, conxmex'cial seed-growers expect to easily supply all demand for seed.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, February 25, 1938
Mother Goose... . . . may have put Little Jack Horner in the corner to eat his Christmas pie, but pie-bak-ing ability placed Co-ed Mary Wien’s picture in a comer of most of the nation’s newspapers. That MaiT won the national pie baking contest in Chicago is no longer news to fellow students. In fact, now enviously following her by newsphoto as she reaps her laurels at Chicago and Washington are those who might once have regarded pie baking a trivial matter. To rank as the nation’s No. 1 pie baker is a new experience for Mary, but making the headlines is just “old stuff” as far as she is concerned. Up through the years in 4-H Club work she has consistently been at the top, taking state and national honors in her sweep. Now she is in Washington to demonstrate her skill to the top lady of the land, Mrs. Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Once before, she represented Indiana at the nation’s capitol, that time as a delegate to the National 4-H Club Congress in 1936. That her pie captivated the most exacting judges is not surprising. Before entering the University, where she is now a junior, Mary’s culinary efforts gained nation-wide recognition. Schooled in the efficient and capable training offered in a simple rural home, her achievements are typical of results secured by 4-H Club members throughout the country. Mary’s mother no doubt merits a large share of the recognition now being showered upon her daughter. This contest was conducted as a part of the National Cherry week celebrations and the crowning award carried with it a $100 award and cup, in addition to the trip to the Capitol. The champ’s home is near Lafayette. On the campus, Mary is one of the best students and participates in many extracurricular activities. Off the campus, she further demonstrates her versatility by bringing ad-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^sotiatcd goUeamte MADISON WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the iiost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO - Boston • Los Angeles - San Francisco
Edltor-In-Chlef
BasineM lSuuw«r
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing E^tor... Associate Editors
..J. E. Brock
, D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin,
C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. K. Vance
Editor’s Secretary —Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager— J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager — R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor - _ Elijiabeth Pyke Associate Editors. Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors ...J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth SL, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phono 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor Friday, February 25, 1938
-Kroeplin
ditional honor to herself and to her University.—L. S. H.
collegiate
The Gold and Black, student publication of Birmingham-Southern College, is engaged in the field of motion pictures with the inauguration this year of the “Campus Newsreel.” This project is being produced by the editor and business manager of the paper and is being photographed by a recent graduate of the college. The film to date averages 30 minutes’ running time and has included in its reels scenes of campus life, several of the football games, some of which have necessitated out-of-town trips, student organization dances, natural color scenes of the prize winning homecoming day parade. 4= * >|i IF Two European scholars who are dividing their time between this country and Europe are teaching at the University of Notre Dame during the last half of this current year. The educators are Canon Georges Le Maitre, French physicist and mathematician, and Christopher Hollis, British economist. * * * H: President Roosevelt and Norman Thomas were rated highest as American statesmen in a recent mock election of a politics class at Reed College. The balloting was held to show the method of counting votes under proportional representation * * * * The habit of the staff of the University of Louisville’s weekly publication, the Cardinal, of leaving its copy on the doorstep of an inn near the campus for the printer to pick up gave it some bad moments last week when the copy disappeared from its customary place. It looked for a while as if there would be no newspaper. The stolen copy was, however, dumped into a mailbox and returned in the nick of time—all but the editorials and letters to the “Campus Forum.” Because these were found in the gutter, staff members think the culprits must be students. * * ♦ ♦ Mt. Holyoke College girls are learning to ski from Marie Singer, of Vienna, former Austrian woman ski champion. Incidentally Amherst benefits too, because Amherst boys like Mt. Holyoke girls and the two schools aren’t too far apart. And there was the professor gazing over the room during an exam who said: “Tsk, tsk, will some kind gentleman who isn’t using his textbook be so kind as to permit me to have it for a few minutes?”
Ciiipiis Scenes To Appear In
Campus and modernistic scenes will appear on exhibit in the Union music room next Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, under the auspices of the Camera Club, Bill Derner, an organization member, announced last night. Mounts, 16 inches wide and 20 inches long will include angle shots of pipe organs and cars, Florida palm trees, snow scenes, and Colorado mountain shots. To weed out inferior exhibits, Dr. Edward Kohl, of the biology department, and Gilbert Williams, of the speech department, will inspect the mounts before they will be hung for the exhibit. Only 60 of the better pictures will be chosen for the exhibit. Debaters Speak At Manchester Today, Tomorrow Nine freshman debaters will represent the University today, tonight, and tomorrow in a debate conference that will bring 60 colleges from the Middle West to Manchester College, North Manchester. The roster of local orators will be Bert S. Bohlin, Mack White, Bert R. Brink, Tim R. Lowe, Clyde E. Blocker, Mark E. Keane, Eugene J. Mundorf, Ralph D. Sinish, and Richard C. Springgate. Question The question for debate will be, “Resolved: that the National Labor Relations Board should be empowered to enforce arbitration of all industrial disputes.” Make 22 Appearances The local debating squad members will appear 22 times on the speaking schedule. Two teams will debate six times each and two teams will speak five times each. Members on the negative squad will be Bohlin and White as a team, and Mundorf, Sinish, and Springgate as a trio of debaters. The affirmative will be made up of Blacker and Keane, and Brink and Lowe. Varsity judges making the trip will be Joe Rittenhouse and J. Wayne Fredericks. L. S. Winch, of the speech department, and Robert Horn, freshman debate coach, will accompany the group to North Manchester. \
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Honk, honk, we’re back to that again. This time can one honk in front of a house for a rider? No. And yet not definitely no. A boy never honks for a girl, any girl. One never honks for an older person. You must never honk for a superior, think of your job. And yet when is it all right to announce your presence by tooting the horn of the buggy ? A girl may probably honk for another girl if the later already knows she’s on the way. A fella may honk for another man, if again man knows the fella is coming. So let’s say be careful about honking. Don’t do it loudly, or long, or for someone you want to respect you. Cornell Offers 13 Grad Scholarships Cornell University’s college of engineering is offering a number of graduate scholarships and fellowships for the school year 1938-1939, which are open to graduates of accredited schools and colleges of engineering. Among the numerous scholarships to be awarded are the 12 John McMullen Graduate Scholarships, valued at $1,000, to outstanding students interested in pursuing research and working for an advanced degree, and the Elon Huntington Hooker Fellowship in hydraulics, which carries with it a stipend of $510 a year for research in experimental hydraulics in Europe or America. Applications should be sent to either the dean of the College of Engineering or the dean of the Graduate School of Cornell University, before March 1. Kappa Della Rho... . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of H. H. Brelsford, of the practical mechanics department, into honorary membership. The following men were recently pledged: A. D. Steel, Gary; J. W. Shafer, Staten Island, New York; and J. E. Kendall, Houston, Tex.
Question from an embryology exam: Q: “If storks bring legitimate children, who brings the illegitimate babies ?” A; “A lark!”
ROMANCE ON STAGE Bennie Burns, that goop-ified comedian of the All-Campus show, is very much that way about Marge Starrett, femme song-boid for the show. He walks home with her after rehearsals, carries her books, and generally makes himself useful.
But Bennie blushed brilliant crimson the other day when Kenn Carmichael canceled rehearsal of one scene and Sal Palma registered violent disgust . . . “aw nertz,” Sal complained, “and I was really gonna kiss Marge in that scene today!”
Tommy Graham is getting to think he packs quite a wallop with the wimmin, since his fraternity brothers staged the “Theta Harem” sequence at a trade dinner the other night.
Sad Thought: “The next basketball game here will be the last home one we seniors will see while we are in school.”
Don’t place too much faith in that line, Tommie . . . you know the old saying about . . . “give a gal enough line and she’ll tie you up.”
After reading over the first item in this column today and combining it with sundry bits of wisdom picked up in the senior marital lectures, we have arrived at the first B and B Marital Maxim: “Don’t marry until you hafta!” Dr. Guard Receives Request For Pictures A request for permission to use illustrations on soybean flour which he published in the Botanical Gazette, was recently received by Dr. T. A. Guard of the biology staff. The request came from a Professor Hector of a school in Pretoria, South Africa, who wishes to use them in a new agricultural botany text which he is publishing.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS In Ballroom Dancing Friday, Feb. 25, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
mmA Today — Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
with Frank MORGAN Robert YOUNG • Mary ASTOR • Edna May OLIVER • Florence RICE • Reginald OWEN ^^1 Henry Hull • Herman Bing UT PLUS
Tense, Timely Drama!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘We gotta have more X-rays, Fisbee! Readers these days demand pictures, pictures and more pictures!”
SelededAudieme Attends Show Preview At Luna A “sneak preview” for a selected audience of about 200, including a number of campus leaders, was displayed Wednesday night at 11 p. m. by the Luna theater management. At the conclusion of the showing comment cards were distributed to members of the audience upon which they might express their opinions of the picture. The play, “Of Human Hearts,” received its present title as the result of a $5,000 prize contest and deals with a new theme — the thoughtless ingratitude of a college boy for the sacrifices of his mother. The setting is in a pioneer Ohio village piior to and dm mg the Civil War. Although the subject itself is
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW LEE TRACY in “Behind the Headlines” — and — BOB STEELE in “CAVALRY” — also — “DICK TRACY” SERIAL — Plus — “Mickey Mouse” Cartoon
MVi
TODAY — SATURDAY TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
EXTRAI! MARCH OF TIME Presents “INSIDE NAZI GERMANY” The Most Discussed Film of the Year
heavy, the performances of Walter Huston, James Stewart, and Beulah Bondi give it convincing reality and real life humor.
SATURDAY ONLY On the Stage
Host Expensive Bnvae on Tour
"Count BsrniVid I PRESENTS
<&#i 00 ARTISTS eO 36 GIRLS 36 26 SCENES2S
STAGE SHOWS at 1:.30 —3:45 6:05 — 8:20 Late Show at 10;30 ADMISSION Balcony . . 30c Main Floor .. .40c Children 15c
■On the Screen
—with— LEW AYRES Louise Campbell—Roscoe Karns
— Last Day — Joan Bennett^ Henry Fonda in ‘I MET MY LOVE AGAIN”Friday, February 25, 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
w
Frosh Swimmers, Trackmen Compete
Northwestern, Iowa Down Freshmen In Triangular Mail Swimming Meet Purdue’s freshman swimmers came out third best in last Monday’s mail meet with Northwestern and Iowa, it was revealed yesterday upon receiving the results from the other two schools. Northwestern defeated the Boilermakers by 50-25 and Iowa also whipped them, 57-18. The frosh swimmers competed in
a similar meet yesterday afternoon with Indiana and Ohio State, but the results will not be available until Monday. Results Are Mailed In this type of meet, each school runs off the events in its own pool, the same way that a regular meet is conducted. The times of the first three men are recorded, and at the conclusion of the meet a record of the results is mailed to each of the other schools competing. The star of Monday afternoon’s performance was McCaffery, of Northwestern, who won the 220 and 440 yard swims for the Wildcats. McCaffery captured the AAU National outdoor 220 yard swim last summer at the AAU National swimming meet held in Chicago.
Intrafnurals
BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Foster 7:00—Cary Hall N-3 vs. E-2. 7:15—Ward 12 vs. Cary Hall 5. 8:25—Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8:40—Ward 8 vs. Cary Hall 2. Court 2—Juillard. 7:00—Cary Hall N-2 vs. E-1. 7:15—Ward 4 vs. Ward llA. 8:26—Ward 6 vs. Ward lOX. 8:40—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 3—Aronson. 7:00—Cary Hall N-1 vs. Annex. 7:15—Ward 7A vs. Ward 13. 8:26—Ward 9 vs. Ward 2A. 8:40—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma (B). Court 3—Gale-Poster 4:00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi—(A).
Yearling Track Squad Runs Off Firsf Half Of Telegraphic Contest Homer Allen’s frosh trackmen completed the first half of their telegraphic triangular meet with Ohio State and Indiana yesterday afternoon, but no results were received from the Buckeyes or Hoosiers. In the Purdue inter-squad competition Holderman stepped out and took the mile with the time 4:30.3. Dave Rankin placed first in the 60 yard dash in 6.6. Carizler managed to beat his teammates to the tape in the 440 yard dash in 54.2. In the field events Weber tossed the shot 42 feet, eight inches. The shot and other field events as well as the hurdles will continue tomorrow afternoon. Battery Basketliall Eliminations Start Battery basketball, as a part of the ROTC athletic program, opened last night with the first game in a one-loss elimination tournament being played on the intramural courts in the Fieldhouse. The schedule is not yet complete, with only the preliminary games scheduled. Members of the winning team, up to 10 players, will each receive gold medals and one citation for winning the championship for their battery. The team going to the finals will be awarded individual silver medals and four merits for each man up to 10 men. Every man who participates in any of the games will be given a merit for each game in which he plays.
ATTENTION STUDENTS Going home this week-end? We are equipped to give you more miles and more comfort at less cost. Special Excursion Rates to Chicago — Indianapolis and all intermediate points For information and rates Phone 4065 YANKEE COACH LINES, Inc.
GABARDINES for SPRING This 'marvelous wearing fabric is unquestionably the ‘‘Tops” in SPRING SUITINGSKnowing this to be true we have searched over a very wide field ■—to produce every desirable new shade and model . . . We present them to you at ; 122'^® to $37-50 500 MAIN STREET
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain, The main reason for Chicago’s amazing performance of the past week in which the Maroons broke a 33 game losing streak with two Jiireezy Wins over Iowa and Illinois, we think, is Lounsbury’s scoring spree which has advanced him to tenth position in the individual scoring race . . . The Maroon center has scored 76 points in nine games, which is one less game played than most of the other high scorers. —^fc— Both Northwestern, who is leading the league, and Minnesota, in third place, are without players who are among the leaders in the scoring . . . Which denotes a mighty nicely rounded squad. —^fc— We think that Jewell Young is pretty sure of winning the individual scoring race as he is only eight points behind the leader, Dehner, and Jewell has three games to play to two for the Illini center . . . Young has his basket eye back again . . . Having been lukewarm all season, Jewell regained the flash that netted him the individual scoring crown last season. —fc— Although Jewell will very likely be unable to maintain his present pace, we believe that be will finish up the season in fine style to win the race again this year . . . However, he will really have to get on the ball to approach his last year’s record of 172 points . . . That means he must score 47 points in the remaining three games—that is almost 16 points per game .. . —fc— Purdue has a monopoly on the Golden Gloves champs from this district . , . four out of eight . . . Hardesty is 126 pound champ . . . and the upper three weight classes were also won by Purdue lads . . . Steve Bacharach, a veteran of the Purdue Golden Gloves teams, is the middleweight champion . . . Allen Dilts is the new light heavyweight champ . . . And Fred Ramputi holds the heavyweight crown . . . This is a pretty good record for Coach Punchy Maxwell who has been in charge of pugilism here at Purdue for about a year. WAA Intramural Results In the first WAA intramural basketball tilts played last night Ward 2 won over Kappa Alpha Theta, 34-7 and WRH North downed Alpha Xi Delta, 35-14. Pedalion played Ward 1 in the second round winning by a score of 9-8. Alpha Chi was defeated by Wards 3 and 4, 25 to 17.
DebnerU Young |Ejg|,t BoxerS SuYvive To
Compete In Last Round
Fighting For Lead In Big Ten Scoring Jewell Young, Boilermaker star forward and holder of the all-time Bi^ Ten season’s scoring record of 172 points, is now within seven points of the conference leader Pick Dehner of Illinois. In his last two games Young has piled up 40 points for a total of 126 points while Dehner has lost ground, scoring only 26 points, which gives him a total
of 133 points.
Young’s unerring accuracy plus the fact that Purdue has three contests to play while Illinois has but two, gives him a very good chance to wind up the season in first place. Jewell can also break his all-time Big Ten scoring record by averaging 16 points a game in these last three remaining games. Chance For 3-Year Record Jewell also has an excellent opportunity to cop honors for the top Big Ten three-year scoring record. Bill Haarlow, of Chicago, is at present the record holder, with 416 tallies. Young’s grand total to date is 406, so unless something goes radically wrong in the next few days he shouldn’t have any trouble in adding another laurel to his collec-
tion.
Hod Powell, Wisconsin forward, has a precarious hold on third place in the standings with 117 points. Jimmy Hull of Ohio State is pressing close behind him with 114 points and both men have played in 10 games. Townsend of Michigan and Andres of Indiana, each with nine games behind them, have 107 and 106 points respectively. Two of Young’s teammates, Gene Anderson and Johnny Sines, are trailing him in the ninth and eighteenth places respectively. Anderson has a total of 81 points and Sines, 63 points. igh School To Present Mystery Play,'The Bat' Tonight and tomorrow night at 8 West Lafayette high school will present a Mary Roberts Rinehart-Av-ery Hopwood mystery play, “The Bat,” in the high school auditorium. Tickets for the production are 35 cents for reserved seats and 26 cents for general admission. The play is being sponsored by the Hi-Y and Tri-Y clubs and is under the direction of Ruth Sinks. Tickets Still Remain For Chicago Game Monday Several hundred tickets for the final home basketball game of the season, to be played against Chicago on Monday night, are available at the ticket office. According to C. S. Doan, ticket manager, the remaining tickets will be on sale today, tomorrow until noon, and if any tickets then remain, the sale will continue through Monday.
Special Just For Her
Nothing will bring the light of appreciation to a co-ed’s eyes like a corsage made for her own special personality.
I?ctk
LUNA THEATRE BUILDING PHONE 795 5
—H
Twelve military boxers were eliminated in the semi-final round of the annual ROTC boxing tournament yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. Out of the twenty-four men who had passed the preliminaries, eight went the full length of the fight for victories, three received forfeits, and one won on a technical knockout.
Not much action was seen in the of Skull and Crescent. The Cotillion, and light-heavies it was quite a different story. In the heavier classes the men were more evenly matched and almost every decision was hard to make. Heavies Stage Best Fight Probably the best fight of the day was staged by Seymour and Maudlin in the heavyweight class. Seymour won the fight, but both rounds were a matter of seeing which man could take it. Both fighters were of almost equal ability and pounded each other from the starting bell to the end. The final round of the tournament will be held March 3 on the main floor of the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock. The winners in each division will be matched at this time and the victors will each receive a gold medal as well as a citation. Those men who will compete in the finals are J. L. Grubbs, L. H. Cuntner, M. K. Hewlett, M. S. Jones, G. W. Marson, K. K. Denton, B. I. Woodhull, D. J. Brun, A. H. Hussung, J. H. Winchell, T. P. Axton, B. S. Jackewicz, and J. E. Seymour.
The results of yesterday's semifinal bouts are as follows: 115-pound class: J. L. Grubbs won over Harry Freeman on a technical knockout in the first round; L. H. Cuntner won decision over W. B. Morgan. 125 pound class: M. S. Jones won decision over W. Robson; M. K. Hewlett automatically reached the finals on a forfeit. 135 pound class: G. M. Marson won decision over C. E. Meyer; K. K. Denton won decision over J. P. Ryan. \ 145 pound class: B. I. Woodhull won decision over J. E. Gardner; D. J. Brun won decision over J. Karnisky. 160 pound class: A. H. Hussung won decision over B. M. Nau; J. A. Powell advanced to the finals on a forfeit. 175 pound class: J. H. Winchell won decision over M. Byelene; T. P. Axton received a forfeit. Heavyweight class: B. S. Jackewicz won decision over K. L. Thayer and J. E. Seymour won decision over J. N. Maudlin.
Het Sped Prepares For Battle With Indiana Tomorrow At Bloomington Hot on the trail of another Western conference championship, the Boilermaker net squad went through extensive offensive drill yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse in preparation for the return game with Indiana at Bloomington tomorrow night.
Court Declares Paul Brown Dead In Mystery Case Paul Brown, a former University student, yesterday in a Nashville, Indiana, court was declared to be legally dead. Brown, missing since 1930, failed to appear in open court yesterday, when his name was called three times. In accordance with the legal death statute, Brown was then declared legally dead. The mystery had its beginning the afternoon of December 15, 1930, when officers were dispatched to the smouldering farmhouse of Mr. and Mrs. Lee Brown, Paul Brown’s parents. Two charred bodies were retrieved from the ruins but medical experts insisted that the bodies were those of two men, thus placing in doubt the theory that the parents had been robbed and the house burned. Neither of the three Browns—Mr. and Mrs. Brown and Paul Brown— have been seen alive since that fatal afternoon in 1930.
Late Drive From all appearances, the Gold and Blacks have hit a late season drive that may result in their annexing another Big Ten title. However, tomorrow night’s fracas with the Hoosiers may tend to be a sabotage to the Boilermaker efforts, especially if the Indiana lads are hitting the hoop with the regularity with which they did when the two met in the Fieldhouse a few weeks ago. Purdue’s drive near the finish proved too much for the visiting Hoosiers, causing them to fall short of the Purdue cagers’ total by two points. Dean Criticizes Rules It was after the last Purdue-Indi-ana meeting on the hardwood that Dean, Indiana's head basketball coach, issued the statement to the effect that the hardwood game in the Big Ten was in the hands of the officials in a manner that tends to be a detriment to the teams competing against each other in a game. The entire stock of tickets available for the contest has been sold out for some time. A total of 8,500 pasteboards have been passed over the counter.
Fine Quality In Baked Goods
You can always depend on the deliciously fresh, high quality of our bakery goods. Whether it’s bread, rolls or fine light cakes that you need you’ll find the best here.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W.LTHE POBDUE EXPONENT
Fdday. February 25. 1938
C. S. Williams Advocates Civil Authorities Close Inferior Water Supplies Clyde- S. Williams, sanitary engineer for the Indiana State Board of Health, spoke yesterday at the second and final day of the eighth annual con\cntion of the Indiana Watei Works' Association. Sne?ests Law Williams advocated a law which vould empover city and state auth01 ities to close abandoned wells that contaminate water supplies and endanger public health. The meetings were held Wednesday and yesterday in rooms 1 and 2 in the Union Building. All officers of the association were re-elected. The officers are as follows: H. B. Lamb, Carmel, president; Owen Monroe, Evansville, vice-president; W. E. Heima, Chalmers, treasurer; and Clyde R. Merrick, Indianapolis, secretary. lingo Speaks On Auto Drivers' License Law “Approximately 50,000 persons have passed drivers’ examinations under the new Indiana Auto Drivers’ License Law,” stated Joseph Lingo, University Safety Institute staff member, at the regular meeting of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club yesterday. He continued that four percent have failed permanently because of physical handicaps, and about 15 percent have failed to pass the examination. The latter group are in the process of passing the exams. Lingo declared that every fatal accident costs $45,000 in medical, hospital, and funeral expenses, and the loss ef wages which the victim would have earned. The loss would amount to three billion dollars a year for the United States. Lingo cooperated with the State Safety Committee recently in working out the drivers’ tests and conducting the school for the 72 drivers’ license examiners now at work in the state. Violinist Will Appear .On Music Room Concert Eddie Mae Brown, well known Lafayette violinist, will be featured in Sunday’s music room concert. Miss Brown, a former student of Purdue, acted as soloist for the concert choir while she was in school, and later won a scholarship in music in Indianapolis. She is now playing in the Viking Room of the Hotel Warren in Indianapolis. This will be her first appearance in Lafayette for two years. Miss Brown will be assisted in the program by John Nelson, accordionist. After the concert the young violinist will be entertained at a reception given by the Purdue Concert Choir. Since a large crowd is expected, the concert will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building instead of the music room.
Siehenthal Stuck; Sophomores Sell “It can’t be done! I’ll pay any man $5 who can do it. Furthermore, I’ll bet anyone 3 to 1 that he can’t do it.” Thus spoke Debris Business Manager Siebenthal at last week’s sales staff meeting. His subject? . . . . Selling Debris, of course. What couldn’t be done ? No one salesman could sell 16 Debris. Two sophomore salesmen differed with their boss. They knew- that there were still 3,900 students w-ho had not purchased their yearbooks. They took him up. Last night the same staff met for its regular weekly meeting. Sophomore salesman Swinney and Gridley were thei’e, and so was Siebenthal. Result. . . Swinney went away $8 richer and Gridley tucked $3 into his wallet. Money Squeezer Siebenthal went away $11 poorer, but with 40 more sales tucked under his belt. Why? It could be done. It was done. Swinney turned in 22 sales while Gridley showed 18 new stubs in his salesbook. Other salesmen turned in enough sales to bring the total to 76 for the w-eek. Steamstlip lines Reduce Teacher's Travel Fares United States steamship lines recently announced a 20 per cent reduction in regular transatlantic fares which will be granted to teachers on sabbatical leave. This reduction will be available to all teachers and professors in the United States and Canada who are actively engaged in the profession and who are certified as being on sabbatical leave, by a responsible officer of the school or college. The sabbatical fares will be effective throughout the year, except for the season of heavy summer travel, and will be granted for eastbound travel from August 15 to March 30, and for westbound travel from October 15 to July 15 mclu-
Vitamin 'A'~ (Continued from page 'll
in addition to her regular diet, three halibut capsules daily which added vitamin A. Two girls also were chosen with good dark adaptation. These girls were studied weekly and each pair was tested with the biophotometer at the same time. The study continued for five weeks. The girls who received the oil capsules including the one who originally had good dark adaptation all showed improvement in vitamin A storage. The girls whose efficiency was high in the beginning test then had reached a level greatly above the girls whose reading indicated a relatively deficient condition at the beginning of the test. The conclusion of the test was that there are apparently individual differences in what constitutes good vitamin A storage as measured by the bio-photometer.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstoret —- ‘T)EACr Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Ginic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths AntomobUe ker and lock mitIoc oar cpeeiBltjr. L. C. N. Door Closer Dlatribator* 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
H€a^wiar€'
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPEI^HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist —
dhihjhu&i Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Bnilding Phone 7955—8050
— Beauty Studio — • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—Appreciation of Shakespeare, Prof. R. W. Babcock. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review by Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Frank Triboulet, tenor. 1:00—Introduction to the Drama, John Hicks. 1:45—Mai-ket and Weather Reports. 2:00—Grade School Program. 2:15—National Narcotic Education Program. 2:30—True or False. 3:00—Lafayette Music Society Program. 3:80—Afternoon Musicale. 3:45—Logansport High School Program. 4:00—Jane Robinson, popular songs. 4:16—The Campus Quizzer. 4:30—^The Exponent Air Edition. 4:45—The Story Book Hour.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
ROOM FOR ONE STUDENT— Single bed. Rent paid to March 8. Mrs. Gibbs, 346 Northwestern. Phone 71062.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1. —LOMMEL.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday. March 12, 1 p. m., in Educatio;i Building, room 201. —CREEK.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers: Wimborough, Thrasher, and Johnson work Friday, February 2B. —McKEE.
Playshop Stage Crew: All members are urged to co-operate in “Of Thee I sing.” Plaj^hop hours will be given for working every day in the sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p. m. 2-26 —BRENMAN.
Co-ed Archers: Those interested in indoor archery please see me. 2-26 —SCHWEN.
Chinese Students' Club: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building, Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. —SOO-HOO.
WSGA: Members of activity conunittee please turn in their reports. 2-25 —JONES.
_ Conditions in Mathematics: Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday. March 19 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. Students who wish to take this examination must report to the instructor who gave the condition before March 1. —MARSHALL.
NYA: NYA checks for the period ending February 9 are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. 2-26 —HOLLENSBE.
PIA Skating Party: Scheduled for Friday night, February 26, has been postponed indefinitely. —SCHLUNDT.
PIA Dancing Classes: Beginners will meet at 6:30 p. m. Thursday, February 24, in the Women’s Gymnasium. Those beginners who have had one lesson meet at 7 :80 p. m. Thursday, February 24. The first meeting of the advanced class will meet at 6:00, Monday, February 28. Sign up in the PIA office or at the class. —CLYMER.
WAA Badminton: Open badminton practice Friday, February 26, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. Instruction will be given for beginners. —BRADY.
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation in the women’s gym at 7 p. m. Friday, February 26. —BEKO.
WAA Basketball: Practice for all girls planning to attend the basketball sports day in Chicago March 6, at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, February 26, in the women’s gym. —BRADY.
Union Workers: Report to Union office during off hours to work on Traffic Survey. —MASON.
Union Workers: My committee report to the reception room of the Union Friday, February 26, any time after 1 ]f. m. to work on costumes for “Of Thee I Sing.” —WOOD.
Union Workers: Our committees report to Union work room Friday, February 26, at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON, SAMUELSON.
Union Workers: All girls’ committees report for short meeting in room C Friday, February 26, at 4 p. m. —TURNER.
Purdue Flying Club: Weather permitting, ship will arrive Friday .February 26. Members must be checked out by Captain Aretz before flying. —BAILEY.
PIA Orchestra: Practice Friday night, February 26. in the tower room of the Union Building. —SHINN.
Gold Peppers: Please meet at 4:30 p. m. Friday, Febiuary 26, in Union reception room. It’s important that all members be present. —SLOCUM.
Debris Photographers: All staff members meet at 4 p. m. Friday, February 26, in the Debris office —VERNER.
Two Students Injured First aid was rendered Wednesday evening at St. Elizabeth hospital to two students, James Henderson and Earl Duggleby, both in the school of agriculture. Minor injuries were received by the students when the bicycle on which they were riding collided with an automobile at Second and Main streets.
Co-eds Your Attention, Please ^Take your man to the Women^s Pan^^ via the Street Railway* After all, sweet ones, youVe ah ready shelled out the two bucks!
LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY CO.
Mr. Merchant;
PURDUE EXPONENT
AWAKEN to the fact that Purdue students are still pofential buyers of merchandise and services. Recession supposedly has hit industrialists and those connected with industry . . . BUT, it has not hit the Purdue students. Sell your merchandise, services, name—or, create goodwill and a reputation.. Each, or ail, can be done by an ad in The EXPONENT. Phone 5038