ST rr ' ,
"'' ;s .i.A^'v . "J ■
»iT> '
r/
^ ■; J . (
(Eht Puriuc TExjJoiijeitt
Volume elvui
I Diesel Cdurse Opens Monday Five Oil Engine Mftfili'* f acturei^ Will Hflve Displays A short course in Diesel engines, covering the eonsti‘ucti0n an<i operation of oil engines, with movies and laboratory work dealing With the operation of the machines will open here Monday. The school, which will be conducted with the (Cooperation of engine manufacturers, is undei* the direction of Professor H. M. Jacklin of the mechanical engineering school. Members of the short course will be given the chance to observe the operations of the various engines which will be on display and to ruii tests on laboratory diesel equipment and fuel oils. Displays The show Will be made more interesting by the displays of live diesel engine manufactures who will also supply some of the motion pictures to be shown by the student branch of the S. A. E. At present thirty men have registered for the course, which will run until February 26.
Globe Players Present Shakespearean Plays The Globe Players presented 3 Shakespearean plays in the Jefferson High School gymnasium yesterday. The Comedy of Errors, and The Taming of the Shrew were presented in the afternoon, while Hamlet, Prince of Denmark was presented last night. The Globe Players were brought here by the Lafayette Little Theater of which Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department, is director. Student Pinch Hits On account of the sudden illness of one of the actors before the night performance, a hurried call was issued to the University for an amateur actor. Karl Mueller, who has been in several University plays, substituted as a pall-bearer for Ophelia.
February 12, 1937 FIRST on the docket this morning ... a contribution from one who signs himself (or herself) . . . Arizona Kitty-Kat concerning “A Perfect Co-ed” ... here ’tis: —30— “SHE goes to college. She differs from her sisters in that she is beautiful, for her features are delicate and regular . . . and her figure is a perfect 36. She uses cosmetics, but to accentuate her natural loveliness, and then only privately . . . —30— “HER lips are red and kissable ... but she does not use them promiscuously. She is faithful to the owner of the fraternity pin she wears . . . —30— “HER clothes are informal... in good taste. She carries them with an appealing unconscious charm. She studies hard . . . makes,good grades. She doesn’t ‘soft-soap’ her professors, nor does she cling about their necks ... • —30— “SHE chews gum slightly. She smokes occasionally . .. drinks just enough, and her dancing is exquisite .. . but restrained . . . ""—30 * “HAVING no affectations, she does not attempt to employ a ‘line.* Her great asset is her naturalness, and her charm . . . She does not exist.” —30— AND you might add, “She doesn’t exist at Purdue, either” , , , ——30"' HEADLINE: “Smack On Chin parts Kisses.*^ tt ssems that Mrs. Susan Kiss, of Chicago, filed a suit for divorce against Michael KisS, her husband < <, she charged cruelty
ditmimits
'Publifllied Daily by Students of Purdue University LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12,1987
Lincoln Birthday By The issue Editor This job of putting out an Ex* pment is tough enough Without having to force reporters to write a story commemorating a national holiday. The holiday I’m referring to is Lincoln’s birthday, which, by the Way, is today as you can see by taking a squint at the calendar. I like Lincoln and 1 think he waS a great man. I’m sure most of you have the same opinion of “Honest Abej” However, I'm afraid my fellow staf^ members do not, if I’m to judge from some of the mushy, sentimenttd eulogies 1 received from reporters to whom I assigned the story. After most of the staff had taken -a crack at writing the story, 1 decided to try my hand at it. It seems to me that nearly everything there is to be said about Lincoln has already been said . . . except that today is his birthday, and I’ve already said that.
Co-edsDehate Kissing Strike By Yvonne Price Those who have viewed tiny, fun-ny-shaped germs under a microscope will agree that these are very unwelcome visitors. Imagine having those peculiar looking animals transmitted by one small kiss! Nevertheless, this fact was proven by a University of Utah co-ed in a recent laboratory experiment. Now Purdue co-eds are debating whether to go on a “kissing strike.” It may be worth a try. Even one week could prove how many germs will be curbed by the lack of kisses. Of course, most of the eds won’t object. . They realize how health must be preserved and valued, and germs are not quite a correct diet! Then there are a few eds who don’t dare whether the co-eds strike or not. Jack Ohaver says, “I don’t care whether they strike or not. The ones who do strike are ah ready on a strike, and the other three-fourths of the “gals” won’t strike.” “It’s a very good idea, and I’m all for it,” said one freshman co-ed. Similar remarks were made by other co-eds when interviewed. For those who are opposed to this strike—don’t worry, because it hasn’t started yet. The question is still to be decided. Will you be a^ judge ? Will or will not the Purdue co-eds begin a “kissing strike?”
Goldsmith WiU Speak To Forestry Club F. I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, will speak to-the Forestry Club Tuesday, February 16, at 7 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. The talk will be accompanied by motion pictures of northern Wis-
Symphony To Play
Vladimir Golschmann Under the leadership of Vladimir Golschmann, the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra will appear in Jeff Gym next Monday evening at 8 p. m. as the first feature of the second semester convocation program. Studeilts will be admitted upon presentation of their convocation tickets, and the public may purchase tickets for one dollar with
Max Steindel
a special rate for high school students of 28 cents. First floor Seats will be’ reserved for students until 7:50, at which time the general public will be admitted. This eonvo, one of the series of musical convocations, will also feature the playing of Max Steindel, cellist.
Workman On New WRH Badly Burned By Stom Explosion Theodore Unerkwitz, an employee of the A. E. Kemmer Construction company, was badly burned while working on the campus near the new Women’s Residence Hall yesterday morning. Unerkwitz was building a fire in a hot-blast heating stove when some gasoline he was using exploded. As a result of the blast he was burned from the waist down and was in a serious condition yesterday. Lafayette firemen believe that the workman mistook the can of gasoline for kerosene, and when he poured the contents on the fire the resulting explosion occurred. The workmen’s shed in which the fire took place was only slightly damaged.
New Spring Styles Modeled At Show Bright large prints in afternoon and evening dresses and suits of tan colors ranging from tomato color to almost gray will be fea(;ured this spring according to the Y. W. C. A. Valentine Style Show held yesterday afternoon. The dresses were furnished by Palais Royal and described by R. Linder of that firm. Louise Bain modeled in place of Dorothy Jane Smiley. The other models were Peggy Hamilton, Betty Hiner, June Lippert, Sally McDermid, and Fay Pendergrass.
^%oot The Treasury, Sol Says In New Playshop Show
By Mary Ann Kelsay FLASH—“The most stinging indictment the United States lawmakers have ever had thrust down their thfoats . . . Maxwell Anderson’s best play since “What Price Glory?” “Both Your Houses” made its debut in New York four years ago at the time of President Roosevelt’s first inauguration, causing considerable speculation among critics. It seems, therefore, appropriate for the Purdue Playshop to reproduce the play during the era following the second inaugimation of President Roosevelt. The play deals with occurrences behind the scenes of Congress, as interpreted by Maxwell Anderson, the playwright. A maze of political graft and entanglement is disclosed, revealing a group of “honest” politicians interested wholly in their own gditl^. Advises Graft Fred Ahrens, as Sol, nn hihjbitious member of the appropriations dottuiiltte#, sums up his phllosopby
of the situation in the following words; “Do you Want me to point you the road to prosperity? Loot the Treasury, loot the national resources, hang fortunes on the Wall Street Christmas tree! Graft, gigantic graft brought up our prosperity in the .past and will lift us out of the present depths of parsimony and despair! . . . I’m understanding it? Brigands built up this nation from the beginning, brigands of a gigantic Silurian breed that don’t grow in a piddling age like ours! They stole billions and gutted whole states and empires, but they dug our oil wells, built our railroads, built up everything we’ve got, and invented prosperity as they went along! Let ’em go back to work! We can’t have an honest government so let ’em steal plenty and got Us started again.” “Both Your Houses” tirtll bO exacted on the stage of the Duncan Hall Auditorium February Id and i9 at 8 o’clock, Hckets Vfill b4 <m sale in the Memorial Union Budding at 4 d’eloelu
Dr. Holmes To Address AlChS “Vitamin ‘A’ And Carotene” Subject of Talk Dr. Harry N. Holmes, who received his Ph. D. degree from Johns Hopkins University in 1907, will talk to the University chapter of the American Chemical Society on “Vitamin ‘A’ And Carotene” tonight at 7:30 in room 106 in the Chemistry Building. i preceding the lecture, the Society will hold a dinner in the Memorial Union Building at 6:00 p. m., in his honor. The Society invites all students and faculty to meet and hear Dr, Holmes, the chairman of Chemistry at Oberlin College, has done much research work in the field of Colloid chemistry, thus contributing largely to progress in vitamin and pigment research. He has been a guest lecturer at over forty American Universities and the Royal Institute of Canada. He has written over ten books for college work, of which “General Chemistry,” is used here at the University.
H. F. Fore Joins Staff Of Omaha Municipal U. Dr. Harry F. Fore, former professor of English at the University, and resident of Omaha, Nebraska, has been named to fill a vacancy in the English department of the Municipal University of Omaha. From Purdue Dr. Fore went to Chicago and Creighton Universities where hfe was associated with the English departments. The Municipal University is a co-educational institution of about I, 000 students. It is a new institution and twenty acres of the west edge of the city will form its campus.
Entomology Oub Hears Talk On Pest Control Mr, G. C. Oderkirk, of the Bureau of Biological Survey of the United StUtes Department of Agriculture, spoke before the Entomolgy Club last night on the subject of the control of mice and rats in the farm, home, and orchard. The talk was illustrated with slides which showed the damage done by these pests, and methods by which they might be identified.
EXPONENT BOARD
All members of the Exponent board are requested to meet today, February 12, in the ference room of the Agricultural Esmerfment Station, Menibers of the electoral board are especially asked to be prment. Promptly at 4 p. m. - -HUIJT^.
ttumma
NUMBER 94
Ruth Copeland Cafls For WSGA Petitions Must Be Turned in immediately At The WSCA Office; Elections Slated For Late in March Petitions for W. S. G. A. offices from girls who wish to be considered for president, secretary, treasurer, or junior rcqpresentative, or sophomore representative may be given to Ruth Copeland in the W. S. G. A. office immediately. The form to be used is, “I, ; —, wish to
considered for the office
of
Cdmmittee The nominating committee is composed of the WSGA president, tWo seniors, one of whom is from the executive board, two juniors, one sophomore, one faculty member without a Vote,.and one junior from the organization at lafge. This committee wil select girls to be voted upon from the group who submitted petitions. Elections will be held late in March along with those of the Y. W, C. A. and the W. A. A.
Theater Players Will Broadcast Plays Over WBAA The Lafayette Little Theater players will broadcast two short plays over WBAA this afternoon at 3:30. Both plays reveal episodes in the life of Abraham Lincoln. The first play was written by Mrs. Hildred Michael of Indianapolis. The second, by H. G. Veneman, is a radio adaption of the dedication ceremonies at Gettysburg which occasioned Lincoln’s famous Gettysburg ad(iress. The cast will include Mrs. Gertrude Munro, Homer Allen, Leland Winch, and Gerald Veneman. '
Plays Featured In PIA Program Skit Two one-act plays, “Tobacco Alley,” and “Tempered Justice” formed the maip part of “Independent Night” presented last night in the Memorial Union Building. Joe Quinlan and Bill Alexander announced the program in rhyming unity while Dick Craig imitated Bob Burns. The P. I. A. orchestra, led by Tom Frane, furnished music during the evening. About 300 students attended the program.
Senate Sets Sat. Deadline For Petitions Eligibility And Campaign Rnlc» Announced —Candidated To Meet All jtmior and senior men and women who wish to declare their candidacy for the Junior Prom and Gala Week committees must get their petitions without fail at the Senate office in the Memorial Union Building before 4 o’clock tomorrow, according to an announcement made last night by Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee. The petitions, not available after this time, must be obtained by each student desiring to run for either committee, and must be signed by 25 of the candidate’s classmates. The blanks will not be accepted at the Senate office after 6 p. m. next Wednesday. The junior class will vote upon the six men and one co-ed on the Jiuiior Prom committee, while the senior class will vote upon the five men and one co-ed who will comprise the Gala Week committee.
Rules
The election rules which will govern the campaign are as follows: Open campaigning -v»ll be aRoweA A fixed limit of money spent for publicity will be set by the Senate elections committee, and all publicity must be ordered through the Senate to provide a check on expenses. To be eligible, the juniors and seniors must have a 3. scholastic average without any C’s or D’s in the previous semester, or those with C’s or D’s must have a 3.5 average. A tentative date of next Thursday has been set by the Senate elections committee for a meeting in the Memorial Union Building of all candidates who have handed in peti-
tions.
Al Kavelin Will Play For Fraternity Dance Tonight; 12 Tickets Available
ALKAVSUN
Dancing will last from 9 to 1 at the Fraternity Presidents’ Ball tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom. A W. S. G. A. ruling will permit co-eds to haVe 2 o’clock hours for the dance. According to information received last night from W. E. Winter, dance committee chairman, there are still about 12 tickets left for the ball. Distinctive Orchestra Music will be furnished by Al Kavelin and his orchestra. Kavelin probably has enjoyed more success in mixing classical music with modem than any other dance leader. Kavelin first gained recognition in the musical world as a concert violinist, but soon gave this up in order to form his own dance band. Dance programs can he procured at the Memorial Union Building.
Tniesdale Will Speak To AIChE F. M. Truesdale of the Hammermill Paper Company wil) give an illustrated lecture on the manufacturing processes used in tiie paper industry at the meeting of the A. 1. Ch. E. which will be held in room 105 oi the Chemistry Building today, instead of yesterday as was erruhSoUaly stated in yester^’s
Mixer To Feature Anson Weeks^ Band Anson Weeks and his eelehrated band, who appeared on the Purdue campus to play for the Blanket Hop last semester, wiQ provide the rhythm for the regular weekly miser in the Memorial Union halhoom from 9 to 12 tomorrow niid^t there Witt bo a idiarge of ono dollar per eOuylie, the regular admlasioit prioe.. ..-1-
>4 ' *, t "'I?
> * V"HgeTwo vHHB^SBBSB
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
What Next? Now that the General Motors strike has been settled, the public is wondering J^st what is next on John L. Lewis’ program. Will it be steel, other automotive plants, or a coal strike? The steel strike was originally set for February 1, but under the pressure of the premature glass and automotive strikes it was forgotten. Organizers have been constantly busy at the steel centers, attempting to attract the workers to the C. I. O. union, but to date success has been more hoped for than attained. The steel magnates have been aware for some time that trouble is threatening, and have granted wage increases and other concessions to the laborers, hoping to prevent or lighten the impending strike. These measures have been at least partially effective, although not satisfactory to those who make a livelihood out of promoting strikes. Other automobile manufacturers have followed the example of the steel industry and have provided for wage increases and other improvements, and thereby may avert strikes in their plants. But the United Automobile Workers, in common with all the other C. I. O. unions, wants recognition far beyond that it deserves. The settlement of the General Motors strike, in which the union was recognized as the collective bargaining agency only for its members, may be an example in other instances, and will probably be the basis of negotiations in future strikes. Possibly Lewis will direct his efforts toward the impending mining strike, since that is the field which he originally represented, and also since he is still dependent upon that union for his labor position. This strike, if it does occur, will probably win public support more thoroughly than the recent automotive strike and chances of success may thus be considered greater.
Tha Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
P-Section For P-Men?
To the Editor: What I’d like to know is what has happened to the P-men’s section of seats in Jefferson gymnasium this season. Last year a P-man could get a seat in that section, even for the best games, if he got there in time for the referee’s starting whistle, but this season I have arrived at the gym half an hour before game time on a couple of occasions and still been unable to find a seat. While there are more lettermen, especially minor lettermen, than in previous years, the increase does not account for the marked overcrowding of the P-section. It seems to me that in addition to a number of P-men inviting friends to sit in this section several of the bolder students are just usurping seats. P-men have, in most instances, worked hard enough in athletics to deserve a little extra consideration at contests in which they do not participate. Assurance that we can get a seat without having to get to the gym an hour before games start gives us that much more time for studying and it helps make up for the time we spend on the athletic field. Of course seating facilities at Jeff are not great enough to accommodate all the persons to whom tickets have been sold this season so perhaps we should just be patient for three more basketball games and hope to get a spe^urtue (Exponent Vkuidcd la 188S
1936 Member 1937 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madibon Ave New York NY CHICAGO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES > Portland . Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the xioet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3 60 per year, delivwed by earner, $2.60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chitf W. T. Hunt Managing Editor _ „ „ _ E IL Morris Aaeoeiate EdHors X. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock. A H Forster, - . , , B. P. Manlon, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A Bailey, J A. Chapin, JT. R. Clark, L. S Hardin, C. D. Sebroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil,
Editor Asvoeiate Bditon— Advertising Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF „ — Helen Creech J'eanhe danousek. Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke ~ JBetty Barnett
_ , „ BUSINESS STAFF BnsiiMM Manager Mationsl Advertiaing Manager „ „ Local Advertising Ibnager — , Oirenlatlon Manager„
R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown , JD. C. Miller .-J. P. Girard
Editor.
8POBTS STAFF
L.p.Wood
Aeeeeiato Edltore—W. H. Ftfteld, S. R. Griffith. iTf. Obenebain
iBSue Editor—E. H. Kellogg
cial section of seats in the new fieldhouse. But if the student who has a friend who is a P-man and the forward student are going to be allowed to occupy these, seats, why not declare them open to all comers and place the ushers who are paid to see that only P-men sit in the P-section at some other work.—^P-Man.
Honorary Investigation Just what is an honorary society? What is to be expected of those selected for membership? These questions have bothered some students and it is partly to answer them that the Student Council last spring opened an investigation into the activities of the various groups on this campus. The Council now has available fairly complete reports from all the honoraries here as to their financial arrangements, requirements for membership, activities, and similar information. What to do with it is a question that defies answering. In the first place, honoraries are supposed to be just that, honorary. They do not pretend to be active groups or they would not be in the honorary classification. There are on the campus at least two service honoraries which may be expected to be active and they are. From that angle there can be little said against an honorary just because it does not go out and do big things for the college. Then also, most members of honoraries get there because they have put much time either to studies or some special activity. To place more work on them would be unjust and unfair. What is objectionable about such groups is the high fees charged by many of them. Why a group that does not pretend to be active should charge its initiates high fees is also a question that defies logical reply. True, pins cost money, but these should be made optional, not mandatory. The other source of high fees is the national office charge. That is something that should receive censure from all colleges, and all student organizations. Of course, it is probably nicer to belong to a national honorary than a local, but when the national borders on being a financial racket, then it should be junked. One college can do little about this situation, but combined efforts of several might. Those national offices that fail to do anything beneficial for their local chapters while at the same time exacting high fees would suffer from such cooperation. In the meantime the local conditions are not worse than at many other schools and are in fact much better than some of them. The reports made by each group are on file and perhaps some time they can contribute to the similar efforts of other schools to stamp out any racketeering that may exist.—Michigan State News.
Withm the past week the DEBRIS has chosen twenty-two girls as those whom they consider A-1 in PERSONALITY, CHIC, WIT, and BEAUTY . . . yours truly will have to dodge if he even suspects the presence of Editor DWIGHT, or Bus. Mgr., JOHNNY VAN NATTA, for this dope is the pride and joy of their book .. this year’s picks are (according to unofficial rumors) to be called by the above adjectives instead of by the formerly used “DEBRIS Beauties” ... it is something new and different this year . . . the following is the unofficial list from which the charm babies will be chosen . . . VIRGINIA HULSE, MARY ED JOHNSTON, LOUISE BAIN, BETTY BARNETT, ROSEMARY MILBURN, FRANCES FORD, RUTH EZRA, MARY ELLEN FORESMAN, JEAN HANLEY, BETTY RENN, JESSIE GRAHAM, DOTTY KUEHN, WINNIE GREGORY, LOUISE SCHICKLER, FLOSSY SEQUARTZ, JUDY JONES, RUFINA SEXTON, PARKER WYNN, MARY ANN KUZMITZ, FERN BOTTS DAVIS, VIOLA DAMMEYER, and MURIEL SMITH .. . The lest of the report has it that from this group twelve will have their pictures taken and the better of the these pictures will grace the pages of the DEBRIS . .
It Can Happen Here Blandly smart, ultra-sophisticated University students ignore information pertaining to the venereal diseases. They agree with a title by Sinclair Lewis—^It Can’t Happem Here. Yet there are at least fifty University students annually who have venereal diseases, according to a survey recently conducted at the instance of the Daily Athenaeum. Think of it! Fifty of our fellow students are victims of the germs. Fifty students take curative treatments. How many more may be suffering from its ravages, it is impossible to ascertain. It can happen here. It happens everywhere. It is estimated that one of every ten persons in this world has syphillis, the least common of the venereal diseases. The two per cent ration obtained here for both syphillis and gonorrhea, then is much better than is the proportion in every-day life. Further, from all available information, the record here is better than that among student bodies at many other colleges and umversities. It may be that fifty cases annually would not include all the student sufferers. Statistics on this subject are extremely difficult to obtain. There is no question, however, that there are as many as fifty cases. Intensive effort with regard to the development of public health policy for the control of sjTphillis and gonorrhea and to widespread educational efforts offers the most promising method of controlling the flourishing menaces To ignore constructive information of this vein is not an act of ultra-sophistication; it is an act of ultra-ignorance.—^Daily Athenaeum.
Big doings tonight—^AL KAVELIN and hand will dish out the swing for the BETWEEN-FRAT BRAWL . . . tickets are all sold (and to tink dey was two rocks per) . . co-ed hours advanced from the usual one until two (a miracle . . . orchids to da gu3’ what promoted dat) ... ED WINTER, JIM KETTLE, and DAN MORSE, the big shots, are looking forward to a big dance . . . TO MARY ED JOHNSTON Our love have went, Her done us dirt. Us weren’t cognizant Her was a flirt. To other students Let us forbid Lest they be done Like we been did. —Dakota Student. BOB MULLET, who Cary Hall considers as their choice for the co-ed’s idol, received posies from a most ardent baby in Marion, Ohio, when he developed some form of
Friday, Fetriruary
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LUMA TODAY—SATURDAY
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and sociid groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries* end reduce honorary fees.
biSGRWEP AND DISHONOR^
but not dismayed!
onc€ ft DOCTOR .a^jEAN iviurr^ I^^^DONALD WOODS 1 Henry KOLKER Glordon OilVEI^,,: “
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
“I’m a hermit—^how about renting me a closet?
sickness recently ... if all that the Cary Hall boys say about this boy IS true, the co-eds he has had dates with look like pikers . if all is true . . . “One-half inch of leather added to my shoe heels, please ” v as the request made by “Stubby” MEIER, the yell leader who does all the flipflops at the basketball games . . . STUBBY had a date last Saturday night and it came to him before hand that the bit of femininity was a mite bit taller than he . . . you should have gotten a pair of cowboy boots, STUBBY . . . SATURDAY’S column will be devoted to VALENTINE DOIT, and POMES, etc., if you are interested in those MARS PASSES any such stuff that you have must be at the UNION desk by 4 this afternoon ... FLASH! Our error—12 tickets remain for the Fraternity President's Brawl!
The requirements for every student during examination week are no cramming, plenty of sleep, plenty to eat and a relaxed body tonus, according to Herbert Irwin, graduate student in the psychology department of the University of Southern California.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Family TODAY—SATURDAY
2 First Run Hits
BUCK JONES in “SAND FLOW” —and— ROSALIND KEITH in “FIND THE WITNESS’
MARS TODAY—SATURDAY
whh Lionel Stauder Ruth Donnelly Rei^naldDenny —ADDED— Paloolw Comedy Cartoon in Color
Classes In Contract Bridge To Start Today Classes in contract bridge will be given by the Purdue Women’s Club starting today at 2 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Purdue Union Mrs Frank Gavan, who is in charge, especially invites beginners to come
Sundials give correct clock time only four days out of the year: April 15, June 14, September 1, and December 24.
Pure-blood Indians in the United States are no longer a vanishing race, but are increasing.
ARC FRIDAY—SATURDAY CHARLES STARRETT
“STAMPEDE” —and— ROBERT MORGAN in “YELLOWSTONE” —also— CLYDE BEATTY in “DARKEST AFRICA”
LiaiiI
TODAY—SATURDAY Double Feature Bill He could wriggle through legal loophole*, but he couldn’t get out of the love trap he fell into!
mth LEE TRACTt MARGOT GRAHAME First Lafayette Showing Plus Second Feature SH-Mmitim mumm plotting to wreck you wiril laughter and couture your heart completely!
O'!'*V
TttE PURDUE EXPONENT BOHaBBOlMMaMHaiMaBeaMMaMbMiiMM^^
r; ' i, ' ■;' rj, ^ iif'i>\‘
■iHHi
Swimming Team Opens Big Ten Competition
Strenuous 2^Day Schedule includes Meets With Indiana And Illinois Tankmen
Heralding in a week-end packed with athletic events, the swimming team will open its Big Ten competition this afternoon when it meets Indiana in the Memorial Gsntnnasium pool at 3:30. After a hoped for but little expected victory over the Hoosier A. C. last week, the squad hopes to pull another surprise win out of its bag of
FRESHMAN SQUASH
—TODAY— 4:00—Scully vs. Munro. 6:00—B\iente vs. Blitz. 6:30—Alexander vs. Eberhard. 7d.8—^Blessing vs. Lownie. 8 ;00—Simmons vs. Parke. ;
THIS WEEK’S . . SeitSeUats
•25495
Trust in Me
•25461
The Night is Young —Wayne King. Goodnight My Love
> 25498
Take Another Guess —Benny Goodman. ■ Somebody Loves Me
• 25500
• 25476
Jam Session —Benny Goodman. Never Should Have Told You You Can Tell She Comes From Dixie —Benny Goodman Tea On the Terrace
'=6640
>=6747
I’m In A Dancing
Mood
—^Tommy Dorsey In the Chapel In the Mloonlight You’re Everything Sweet —Shep Fields Serenade In the Night
>=6685
'6749
Little Old Lady —Shep Fields One Never Knows, Does One? Goodnight My Love —Shep Fields I Adore You
Love and Learn —Shep Fields
The Night Is Young & You’re So Beautiful I’m In a Dancing Mood
—George Hall
•Victor *Bluebird
>=6702
We also carry a complete stock of BRUNSWICK and DECCA records.
Come in and Hear Them! McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main Phone 7917
tricks as the members as a whole are in better physical shape than they have been so far this season. Following up with its second Big Ten meet tomorrow, the Boilermaker mermen clash with the lllini at Champaign. The Illinois tankmen are crippled by the ineligibility of their captain, Norm Lewis, who starred on the swimming and water polo teams.
Lewis, the holder of the Big Ten record for the 220 yard free style, was also the high scorer on the water polo team and swam the anchor position on the record breaking 400. yard relay team of last year.
Net Squad To Meet Two Big Ten Foes Over Week-End
The greatest sport interest of the week-end is centered on the two Big Ten meetings of the basketball combine. Tomorrow night the Iowa Hawkeyes will attempt to gain a victory on Purdue’s home floor in an effort to extend the winning slump which has dogged the Boilermakers for three straight games. Again on Monday night, on the mini home floor, the Purdue cagers will be seeking revenge for the defeat which was the start of their downward journey.
Kappa Alpha Theta
Kappa Alpha Theta sorority announces the pledging of Barbara Cook, Jeffersonville; Mary Davis, Newcastle; and Barbara Roderick, Buchanan, New York.
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
AFTER THE DANCE
Come out to
On U. S. 52 HaU mile North of Purdue
May We Remind You
That Corsages from ROTHES are
'Better Corsages'
LUNA THEATRE BLDG.
Remember Her With Flowers for Her Valentine
ROTH Florist, Inc. «35 Main St. Phone 7955
JOE VAN YSSELDYK Iowa Guard
One of the husky Iowa guards who will attempt to defend his goal against the ravages of the Boilermakers, is Joe Van Ysseldyk. One of the mainstays of the team, all members of which top six feet, Joe is expected to give further samples of his stellar guarding tomorrow night.
ielder’s.... ....choice #■ By Bob Walpole
Half of the Purdue major athletic teams will be in action this weekend with prime attention focused on the Boilermaker net squad . . . this afternoon the cinder squad will open the winter indoor schedule with a dual engagement against the Chicago Maroons . . . —fc— Coach Martin will be lacking some of his more promising men for this initial meet, lost due to inelegibility . . . some of them received condition grades that will take a spell to cure, but if things pan out allright they will be in action when the spring campaign gets under way .... —^fc— Let it be understood that anything developed during the indoor season is something to write home about ... all credit for anything unusual should be granted to Coach Martin ... in another year the cinder team will have the same facilities afforded by other Western Conference teams, namely a fieldhouse ... —fc— Now the runners circle the wooden indoor track on the second floor of the gymnasium, and goodness only knows where the field contestants practice . . . —^fc— Now for some basketball... Iowa here tomorrow night, and Illinois at Champaign on Monday . . . Purdue can and should win both games ... they were off form on both previous encounters, and with the excellent possibility of a championship in view, that extra punch should be present . . . —^fc—•
The Boilermakers owe it to Piggy and their many backers to show the lllini that the Old Gold and Black colors can and will play fairly and squarely . . . outside of that it would be swell to take ’em . . . —^fc— Coach Larry LaBree’s swimmers will take to the water twice this week-end . .. Indiana will send her mermen here this afternoon, and Purdue will meet the lllini paddlers in Champaign tomorrow . . . two Big Ten dual meets in a row, which is a trial for any coach ... —^fc— Referring back to last fall, here’s what an author says about th^ football season .. . “The undisputed national football title was won by St. Vincent’s College (enrollment 400) . . . Like this: St. Vincent’s beat West Virginia Wesleyan which beat Duquesne which beat Pitt which beat Notre Dame which beat Northwestern which beat Minnesota . ..”
BASKETBALL
—TODAY— Court 1—OSIciul, Abell 7:00—^Eed va. White. 7;l6—Gray v8. Yellow. 8:26—Ist Cary Hall N, vs. 8rd Cary Hall N. 8 i40—Ward 1 va. Ward 4. Court 2—Otucial. Munn 7:00—^Black vs. Brown. - 7:1B—Ward 6 vs. Ward 7. 8:26—Ward 11 vs. Ward 12. 8:25—let Cary Hall E. vs. 8rd Cary Hall E. 8:40—Ward llx vs. Ward 8. Court 3—Offl'elal, PMlUps 7:00—Green vs. Blu.e 7:16—Orange vs, Purple. 8:26—2nd Cary Hall N. vs. 2nd Cary Hall E. 8:40—Ward 9 vs. .Ward 10.
Track Team Faces Opener At Chicago
Oaude Moore Will Re-
turn To Action After A Year’s Absence
Built around seven major lettermen and one minor letterman, the University track squad has high hopes of developing into a capable dual meet combination as it prepares for the season’s opener with the University of Chicago at Chicago tonight. > A pre-season survey of available material indicates that the Boilermaker squad will be considerably better balanced thaii it has been in recent years. Claude Moore Riuis Again The squad has been materially bolstered by the return to action of Claude Moore, of Frankfort, outstanding miler, who was kept out of track competition all last season by an attack of scarlet fever. As to whether Moore will be able to regain the form that made him one of the nation’s leading collegiate milers two years ago remains to be seen, but his presence will materially enhance Purdue’s point prospects. The Boilermaker co-captains, Edward Bluemel, quarter-miler, and Robert Williamson, high jumper, are both tested veterans who are expected to be in the point column consistently. Williamson has been clearing well over six feet. The other major lettermen available include William Fifield, quarter-mil-er; Jack Goory, miler and two-mil-er; Robert Lemen, hurdler and high jumper; and Charles Terhune, a quarter-miler. Roger DeLong, dash man, is the lone minor letterman on the squad. Sophomores Look Good Two milers, Arthur Bodeau, a
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 —8050
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOUS. INDIANA
Say if with flowers and you'll be sure of making a hit! We have plants and cut flowers, grown in our own greenhouses, that will make lovely Valentines!
Flowers telegraphed anywhere.
CLARK FLORAL CO.
527 Main St.
Phona 5432
former Tilden Teeh high sehoel star and Alden Knaiip, are among Hie ontetanding possil^ties of an untested sophomore crop. Among the other sophomores that Coach Drval Martin is grooming as possibilities are Melvin Bell, two-miler; Anthony Ippolito, shot pnt; Donald liong,
(Bsiance nm; Stephen Luther, hdhl# miler; Raymotid Msfosjcl^ dfetone# mns; Jolm Mazur, gunter-niiler^ and broad jump; James Mttrphy, shot pnt; Erie WaAeigh, dashes and byroad jump; Bruce BHItwer, qioarter-miler; and Steve Guttii^ high hurdler.
“For Her .Wentine”
^ A gift of glory PARFUM IwbUc^it"
• One of the most famous peifumes of the day! A gay and glamorous fragrance by Lucien Lelong, admired by everyone. She will be proud ofthe lovely bottle on her dressing table—where it will make her think of you. *5
Decker’s
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
NEW SPRING FOOTWEAR
FABRICS—LEATHERS—BUCKLES BLACK—BLUE—GREY—BIEGE ALL HEELS BUDGET SHOES—Downstairs
Loeb & Hene Co.
FORMAL WEAR MID-NIGHT BLUE or BLACK
Be prepared for the Formal Season. Our stock is new and complete. Single or Double Breasted styles—$17.50 to $29.50.
EVERYTHING IN ACCESSORIES
CLOTHES SHOP INC.wm
■" ; V •; "',^1 ‘'\ ,
QatsifiMi Ads.
Lost—^Bulova white and yellow gold wrist wateh in Union lavatory. Name engraved on back. Liberal reward. BobWinship. Phone 46763.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA-
GGI IGG
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
FRESH
WHITE
CREAMY
TASTY
iiriTf
A Good
Description of COTTAGE CHEESE
**♦
Sunshine Farms
Phono 5015
ift>
(JHiNSlS, bought, soldt rented and repaired* Supplies for all maohines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits. Flat top desk. Books, lots of them. Back numbers of magazines. Moore^s Colonial Market. 220 North Fifth street.
Wanted—Upperclassman to share large downstairs rooiA at 217 Pierce street.
Wanted—Junior E. E. desires a pleasant roommate, large downstairs room. Call 46904.
Wanted—Trumpet player immediately. Call Bud Bryant. 4456.
For Sale—Good tuXedo suits. Flat top desks. Books, lots of them. Back numbers of magazines. Moore's Colonial Market. 220 N. Fifth street.
For SBle<^'29 Mbddl A Ford fOr sale rcksonAbiy. Call at 323 N. 6th street.
Wanted—^Twd seniors desire one large double room with twin beds or two single rooms near campus. Call 3326. Ask for Art.
NOTICES No noltcM acc«|itMI attar • I
Basic Militanr—^Basic course students who lost any part of their uniform equipment in the fire at 629 University street, report same to Sergeant Gain. Armory supply room, before Saturday noon, February 13. —WHISTLER.
R. O. T. C. Students—All color bearers and color guards of Brigade, first, second, and third regiments are request^ to be at preliminary rehearsal in the 'Armory at 5 p. m., February 12. —SINGER.
W. A. A. Council—Meeting February 12 at 5 p. m. in W. A. A. office. —WILEY.
ICE CREAM
Drumsticks gw — P>"b3, 15c Nut Roll Slice Brown Bar Quarts 25c Dad’s Place > > > So Handy
Close Harmony
If you’re in tune with the times, you’ll wear only Arrow shirts with their proper team mates, Arrow ties. The tenor on the right wears the Kent model, an oxford shirt in new polychrome stripes—$2. The Arrow tie is particularly designed to go with it—^$1. On the left is Arrow Hitt with the Aroset wiltless collar—$2.
Mitoga^tailored to fit Sanforized Shrunk
See the Arrow Shirts
at
DEWENTER’S
416 Main St.
Lafayette
We Carry a Full Line of
ARROW SHIRTS AND TIES SOUTHWORTH’S
CaU For Any One of GRAVES’
Variety of Bakery Goods
Grayes^ Quality Bakery
CSatBrii^ to Frateimitiea and Sororities
m?:- ' '
This fact about CROWN CLEANING ^ould interest you.
Whan ydut clothes are Crown Cleaned thoy are also moth piffoofid at the aamR time by the MdNITE moth proofing process, A proteefipn fo your cinfhes againat moth damagl6 for 6 inonths or until cleaned again.
Contrary to public opinion—moths are destructive in winter the same as in summer.
Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Surveying—Area computations of first semester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. —TODD.
P Men—^Meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Fi
'ebruary 14 at 3 p. m. to formulate active campus organization. —KIZER.
SophomorS Union Workers—^The following commitees include the workers still eligible for nominations in the spring elections. Garland, D. Lewis. Ogle, Rieder, HeinC, Shipley, E. Turner, H. Muterspaugb, Brenman. Scatterday— Mason, Poor, B. Taylor, McCaffrey, Goris, Janusz, F. Eastburn, R. Wilson. Claypolfr— Harper, Jacobs, Keck, Rudolf, Doyle, J. Porgey, Patch, M. Groves, R. McConnell. Rieth— Martin, Fowler, Ciral, Hopkins, Schumaker, M. Craig, L. Callison. Wiegandt— Anning, Castino, DeVol, Buck, MacWhirten, P. Crossman, E. Herman. Schreiber, Taylor, M. Wood,- M. White. Putze— Jacobson, Millholland, Lindgren, Zimmer, Luskot, M. Norman, E. Johnson. Reid— McCrury, McNaughton, Mathews, Light, Buckler, M. Reed, M. Jones. Pforzheimer— Cabohargi, Reininga, Quinn, Troutman, Stallings— Katz, White, Walters, Meleny, Muller, B. Kernel; G. Schmidt. Mytinger— M. Wood, E. Turner, M. Reed, H. Muterspaugh, E. Herman, R. McConnell, M. Groves.
McLeod— F. Eastburn, M. Craig, B. Kernel, R. Wilson, E. Johnson, G. Schmidt, Julian, Perkins— J. Forgey, P. Grossman, M. Norman, M. White, M. Jones, L. Callison, F. Rieth. —SCHOLER.
W. A. A. Basketballr-Test for officials will be given in the W. A. A. office at 4 p. m. on February 12. —KELLY.
P. I. A.—^Board meeting February 14 at 4 p. m. —WIEN.
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls participating
ffiust be brescnt in the
in the toUriiamCnt ... Women’s Gym February 16, at 4:80 p. m or they must forfeit their match.
—BEKO.
Cosmopolitan Club—“Open-to-all” meeting February 12 at 1 ;16 in rooms 1 and 2 of Memorial Union Building. Speaker: Mr. Y. H. Tso from China. —CERDA.
Student Bible Class—Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. February 12. Subject: “Is The Bible The Word Of God?" Everybody welcome. —ZILLGER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Last basketball practice is February 12. New girls who have not attended previous practices, may attend this one and become eligible for Intramural games . —SHAFFER.
Sophomore Military—^Following named men will report to southwest corner of the Armory floor at 4 p. m. February 12: Apple, A. L.; Baske, R. A.; Beard, A. H.; Carr, R. J.: Chew, L. W.: Crabtree, D. M.; Crane, P. H.: Cure, W. J.; Curry, R. W.; Douglas, G. R.; Edgerton, J. P.; Glover, D. W.: Hall, R. B.; Johnson, R. C.; Kuzmitz, A.
A.; Levers, M. N. t Lewis, D. B.; Rothemberger, E. E.; Sells, J. A.; Smifii< G. R, S Smith, R. W.; 'Thompson, R. C.; Ibrnasew* ski, T. L.: Weller, W. L. —WILLIAMS.
P. I. A. Dancing Class—February 18 promptly at 7 p. m. in the bSlli^oom of thC Memorial Union Building. —BUTCHER.
Wesley FonAdntibit-^Bbllcr skating party for Methodist and Baptist students February 12. Busses leave Foundation House at 6:3$ and 7:30. Tickets 26 cents Cach; 40 cenm per couple. —McFADDEN.
Alpha Xi Delta Mothers H^ve February Meeting
Alpha Xi Delta Mother’s club held its February meeting at the home of Mrs. S. S. Cromer with the president, Mrs. Frank J. Cason, presiding. An interesting talk Was given by Mrs. H. G. Venemann about her trip last summer through California and Mexico. The club presented the chapter with a lamp.
Tau Epsilon Phi Tau Epsilon Phi announces the pledging of Benjamin Beck, Indianapolis.
'EVERY OFFICE NEEDS THIS'
$32.50 Automatic Feed...Rotary Stencil
Duplicating Machine
For Clubs, Fraternities, Sororities and all Organizations... For Factories, Stores, Churches, Business Firms
10 EXCLUSIVE FEATURES:
1—Less working parts than any other duplicator on the market.
2— Size of Sheet: From Postcard to Legal Size Form. 3— Perfect Registration. 4— Raising or Lowering of Print. 5— Stripper, 6— Inside Inking. 7— ^Adjustable to thickness of stock. 8— Speed of Automatic Feed— 3,000 Per Hour. 9— Prints to the very top of Post Card or Sheet. 10—Fully Guaranteed.
A product of skilled engineering and specialized knowledge in the field of stencil duplicating machines. On demonstration at our
store or in your home or office by appointment.
NOTE: Check over this partial list of uses. You will -be surprised how many forms you need that can be made quickly and economically in your own office.
Haywood’s
RETAIL DEPT.
Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Indiana Complete Offioo Outfitters
Some of the “Money Saving and Earning" Uses of this Machine:
SHIPPING FORMS SHOP ORDERS INVENTORY LISTS STOCK LISTS PRICE LISTS POST CARDS <_ ANNOUNCEMENTS ^ CIRCULARS . SALES BULLETINS LETTERS OF ALL KINDS «- INSTRUCTION SHEETS <- PRODUCTION SCHEDULES CARTOONS «_ BLOTTERS <- ROUTING SHEETS DEPARTMENT MEMOS PROMOTIONAL WORK <_ ENVELOPES. BARGAIN LISTS INSURANCE FORMS STATEMENTS <_ LETTERHEADS «_ HAND BILLS «_ OFFICE FORMS <_ RENTAL LISTS BILLHEADS MENU CARDS ORDER BLANKS
$
50