:«fi 4
"ii'
Lou Diamond To Play At Senior Prom Next Friday
$enjor Tickets Go On Sale Monday; Prom Queen To Be Announced Soon
, Lou Diamond and his orchestra, currently playing on Monday nights in the Empire Room of-the’Palmer House in Chicago, have been booked for the Senior Prom, which will be held Priday, March 5, in the Union ballrooms iitym 9 p. m. until 2 a. m., as announced yesterday by the Prom Committee. The dance will be formal and corsages will be in order. / Admission Reduced To $1,65 Per Couple The price of admission to the dance will be $1.66 per couple, instead of $2.20 as formerly stated. This reduction in the price of tickets, according to Will Hiller, chairman of the Prom Comfnittee, was made possible by the unusual amount of student interest in having a Prom. The ticket sales will begin Monday and will Continue through Friday, with the first day’s sales limited to seniors only. Tickets may be purchased at any time during the day at the Cashier’s Oifice and from 4 to 5:30 p. m. in front of the Sweet Shop. The Prom Queen, who is selected by the members of the Prom Committee, will be an-
nounced in the near future. It is traditional that the Queen of the Prom and her date, together with the chairman of the Prom Committee, Will Hiller, and his date, lead the Grand March. The Grand March will be formed in the North 'Ballroom and proceed through the archway around the South Ballroom. Members of the Prom Committee The members of the Prom Committee and the organizations which they represent are: Will Hiller, chairman, president of the Student Union; Gene Katterjohn, Student Union executive; Paul Miller, president of the Student Senate; Bob Boswinkle, News Editor of the Exponent; Dottie Cornthwaite, president of AWS; Ginny Lee MacDonald, president of Gold Peppers, and Ed Fingle, representing Cary Halls. Lou Diamond has played in many of the night spots of Chicago, including the Blackhawk and the Panther Room. His orchestra is composed of eleven men and two vocalists.
Volume 55, No. 95
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, February 26, 1943
Heavilon Hall Clock Goes On The Blink By Jack Dominik Among other excuses offered today for being late to class was included the fact that the Heavilon Hall tower clock had gone beserk. C. C. Smith, general repair foreman of the Service and Stores Department, predicts that the clock should be back in working order by tomorrow afternoon as the “Howard Clock Experts” from Indianapolis have been called in. Smith says that the clock is much like the students on the campus—they both get spring
ON OTHER PAGES... EDITORIAL SAYS
WAKE UP!
MERRY-GO-ROUND HOW WORLD WAR I AFFECTED CAMPUS GRIN AND BEAR IT RIVETERS Will WRESTIE MICHIGAN STATE TEAM SERVICE STRIPES
Welk Music
Uncorks Champagne In Union Tonight
fever. Almost every spring the clock gives some trouble, but as he' said about the trouble this time, “This one has me stymied.” The clock itself, built by the Howard Co?npany of Boston, Mass., was installed in the tower in 1896. It is vei’y similar to the time piece in the court house in Lafayette, except for some modernization of the court house clock. Fire Laws Prevent Electricity Due to the fire laws regulating the tower, no electric wiring of the type necessary to convert the clock iilto an electric winding one is per-' mittod. Because of this, two men, W. P. Lannert and John Staley, have a one hour job every Saturday morning at 11 o’clock winding the clock. One of the chief troubles may be traced to the open face of the timepiece which pei;mits the formation of ice on the power transmission rods. At times this has caused the beveled gears to come out of mesh. At first the maintenance men thought that the recent trouble was due to congealed lubrication; however, even after cleaning the working parts thoroughly with kerosene, the clock still refused to fulfill its duty to the students. Maybe the experts will give us the answer to the moat timely question on the campus when they come tomorrow.
Aftenfion Coeds . . . WAACS Offer Reserve For Those Finishing Courses This Year Increase in the enlistment number for the WAACS has caused a change in the rules and regulations of enrollment for this reserve branch of the army for women. At the present time it is possible for teachers who are interested in joining to enlist for reserve calling, and to go into active duty when their contracts expire. Women who are attending colleges and business schools may enroll on the same basis of teachers if their courses
expire within a year.
A woman in this branch must
pass an examination, both mental and physical, and she must be interviewed by an officer of the seiwice before she is sworn into the corps. The age range is from 21 to 44 years of age, and the candidate must not have children under the
age of 14 if she is married. There is a great need for the
quota of 150,000 women as men are released for active duty when women can take their places in noncombatant service. The first quota was only one-sixth'of the present goal, but a need for more non-
combatant servers was realized.
Blanket Hop To Feature Maury Mahn
Following the Wisconsin game tomorrow night, the P-Men will hold a dance in the combined ballrooms of the Union. The dance is in honor of the graduating men who have received letters in a major sport. They will be awarded “P” blankets which will be purchased with funds obtained from the dance. Maury Mahn and his band will
furnish the music for this informal ‘to register and obtain No. 2 War
Ration Book 2 Registration Closes Today Today is the last day for students
Semester-busting PIA members will hold their mid-term dance tonight from 8 until 11:30 in the Union ballrooms with Lawrence Welk and his orchestra filling the music stand. The dance will be a mid-term dance almost to the hour, and may serve as a remedy for the mid-term exams. “Bubbles in the Wine,” Welk’s theme song, demonstrates “Champagne Music” as uncorked by the band. Unlike most swing music, the strings and reed insti’uments predominate, effervescing a most danceable and listenable type of
music.
Prom a farm in South Dakota to the bandstand of the Edgewater Beach, or the Trianon, or the Aragon, or any number of others, was a long, precarious journey for Welk. However, when he finally did strike out for “big time” he leaped quickly and during the past five years “Champagne Music” has been featured on all major networks. He has been guest on “Fitch Band Wagon” and “Coca Cola Spotlight Program”. Welk’s passion for “something
Lawrence Welk
. . . featuring the “Champagne Music" of his orchestra, will play for the PIA dance tonight at 8 in the Union. different” in music found expression in creating a band consisting of his accordion, and drums. Then a saxophone and piano were added. By 1927, the orchestra had increased to
six pieces and was known as' the “Biggest Little Band in America”. After experimenting with various arrangements and giving prominence to various instruments, he hit upon a grouping which created a bounding, bubbling effect—or champagne music. Jayne Walton Sings Featured with Welk is Jayne Walton, “The Little Champagne Lady”, who was chosen because her type of voice blended nicely with his particular style of music. Jayne lived for several years in Mexico,'and introduced the Mexican waltz, “Maria Elana” to this country in 1941. Other members of the bapd are Bill Kaylor, baritone vocalist; Holly Swanson, vocal comedian; Red Howe, “Czar” of the drums, and the “two nitwites”. Lawrence Welk, himself, is still featured on his favorite instrument, the accordion. Dance Will Be Informal The dance will be informal and free to members of the PIA. Tickets will go on sale at the door for non-members at the price of $1.10 per couple.
WBAA Will Present New Comedy, Music In Campus Varieties After Tomorrow's Game
affair. “P” sweaters will be worn by the men who have earaed them, and the rest of the dancers will dress as
they please.
Indian Backdrop The backdrop shows an Indian wearing a blanket, and the band fronts bear the initials M. M. so that they look like wigwams and blend with the backdrop. The tickets are to be found on the back page of a clover program whose cover is made from the same material as the traditional blankets. Some of the men to receive blankets are; J. P. Ancker, C. S. Armstrong', A. M. Arnold, A. G. Berto, W. J. Bond, R. L." Britt, W. H. Buifiington, W. R. Calhoun, W. R. Carson, J. F. Dodds, E. H. Dodge, V. 0. Erk, N. M. Goldstein, W. A. Jackson, A. Jentsch, V. G. King, F. J. Krampe, J. W. Kruek, C. H. Leevy, A. Lengo, A. David Lodge, P. L. Patrick, N. F. Powers, D. C. Roach, F. P. Ruggieri, Peter W. Schwab, R. R. Schutt, W. H. Shinier, F. J. Sherke, V. A. Snyder, R. F. Stettner, H. V. Taylor, R. L. TenEyck, B. R. Warren, E. X. Wiley, and W. G. Yoder. Men who are to leave the university because of the draft, etc., may also receive blankets, depending upon the success of the dance. Tickets are on sale in the Union, fraternity houses, and Cary Hall for $1.10, and dancing will begin immediately after the game.
Ration Books. Members of the Gold Peppers, women’s activities honorary, will issue the ration books until 5:30 p. m. in the West Reception Room of the Union. Ration Book No. 1 must be shown in order to secure Book No. 2 although Book No. 1 will be honored until further announcement by the Gov-
ernment.
Independents Register Personally Only those students who are independent are registered in the Union, as such organizations as fraternities and sororities have special persons appointed to obtain all their ration books at once. War Ration Book No. 2 contains eight pages of stamps; four of them contain red stamps numbered from one to eight and lettered from A to Z; the other four ai’e blue but are labeled the same. The government has not yet an^ nounced how these books will be
Lieut. Jap Powell Reported Missing On Flying Mission Second Lieutenant Jap Powell of the U. S. Army Air Forces, a foi’mer student at the University, has been reported lost in action over southwestern Eui’ope. A member of the American Eagle Squadron until transferred to the U. S. Air Force, Lieutenant Powell was piloting a British Spitfire fighter on the mission from which he didn’t return.
In Sports
Leaving school in the spring of
1941, he entered training in the Royal Canadian Air Force. During his freshman year at the University, he was University tennis champion as
well as a Golden Gloves
Women Students Likely To Swell College Ranks According to Dr. Francis J. Brown, consultant to the American Council on Education, next year’s college freshman classes will include a greater number of 17-year-old boys and girls who have not completed their high school training. If the predictions of Dr. Brown are realized, the bulk of next year’s college students will fall into one of the following ——————————— categories:
Best Soldier Contest Registration Will End Today At 5:30
Sophomore and freshman entries
middle- for the annual Best Soldier Contest,
used other than that the numbered weight champion. While at the Uni- sponsored by Scabbard and Blade,
1. Women — particularly freshmen and sophomores will make up a great part of the enrollment. The number of junior and senior women on the campus will decrease next year •with the exception of those women studying nursing, engineering, physics and «ther subjects necessary to the
war effort.
2. Men not physically fit for the
stamps will have a point value '’^rsity he was also a member of are due today at 5:30 p. m. Regis- armed forces. In the first draft
which will also appear on the article being- purchased. The letters probably indicate the different periods, the length of which has not been disclosed. Student War Council Operates This student rationing board has been functioning since Monday under the sponsorship of the Student War Council. Miss Hanawalt
the Purdue Order of Military Merit, belonged to the “P” Men’s Club, and was captain of the pistol team in
1940 and 1941.
C.P. Harry
. . . will speak at the Lutheran Church on Sunday. He also will address students at 7:30 p. m. on the
of the Union office is in charge of same evening in room 301 of the the books. Union Building.
trants may sign on the second floor of the Armory. Military students in the contest will be judged on their conduct, and will also be given a practical examination Saturday afternoon, March 24. Those who enter the contest will wear a ribbon on the left lapel of their uniform while the contest is
in progress.
Officers To Be Judges Scabbard and Blade members will
about 15 per cent of college students were rejected, as compared with 40 per cent rejection record established by the 18 and 19 year-olds over the nation as a whole. The main cause of rejection of college students was bad eyes. 3. Pre-professional and professional groups given occupational deferment, such as medical students. Industrial Training Prominent 4. Students in contract training
Campus Varieties will present “Patsy,” a combination of Baby Snooks and other female troubleshooters played by Becky Ann Pervine, over WBAA tomorrow at 4 p. m. Jimmy Westover, accompanying pianist, is to be guest artist, playing “Serenade to a Wealthy
Widow.”
Add New Presentation The program will feature a philosophical playlet written by Carolyn Wood, in which the old philosopher will be portrayed by Tom McCrum. In addition to the regulars, the professor. Ole Olafson, and the Master Madness, another presentation, Grandma, will be made. Music will be provided by the “Sophistocrats,” a quintet under the direction of Justin Meachim. Campus Varieties will be presented in the smaller audience studio in the Hall of Music. Anyone may attend the broadcast. ^ Albert P. Stewart . . . musical director of the University, has returned from a several days' tour on Music Leadership courses. The courses were to aid in morale building in the community by 4-H leadership schools. The courses were sponsored by the Rotary Club of Indiana,
4-H committee of the University is giving a party in the women’s gym after the Purdue-Wisconsin game tomorrow night. The evening’s entertainment is planned in order to allow 4-H members of the past and present to meet each other for the first time or once again. Polk dancing, social dancing, and “specialties” will be featured. Tickets for the occasion may be purchased from 4-H members or at the door for 15c apiece and for 25c a couple. Everyone is invited to at-
tend.
Debris Pictures All students who had their senior picture taken for the Debris are urged to come to room 204 in the Union immediately 'to select the picture which they wish to have printed. The office in room 204 will be open from 8:30 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. today and from 8:30 a. m. to 12 noon tomorrow. This is your last chance to see your proofs. If you do not select your proof before the deadline Saturday noon, we will have to select it ourselves. —RENTSCH
Pamphlet Facts ... Library Offers Information About Important Problems In War Times
judge the practical examinations, under industry. This category 'would
By Doris Plagge
r While the wheels of the University are set in high gear, spinning out, valuable contributions to a na-
lection. More important groupings would include economics of war, technical information, and discus-
ional war effort, a quiet corner of sions of social problems in wartime.
the library echoes for the busy student the national and international picture of this program in which the University is taking part. Set aside as a key War Information Center by the United States Office of Education, our library offers the latest
For the student interested
Recreation, Religion, Health and Housing a valuable complement to the letters he writes from camp. As a complement to the war-pitched classes in the sciences, there are re-
learning of the newly developed ports of bomb tests on materials and
tools used in recent electrical research, Research Progress tells what one large research laboi'atory has contributed. Sociologists who read News from Belgium will learn
and best information about its vital the inside story of life today in that
phases. In the main reading room, three crowded shelves display only a portion of the vast numbers of pamphlets and bulletins which are received daily. Covering a wide range of subjects, these pamphlets are briefly written; five minutes perusal of the shelves between classes is ample time to scan sev-
eral.
Important Information
A classification of the subjects would show that handbooks and texts for civilian defense volunteers
form
tragic country. Other news from foreign lands comes in War in Belgian Congo, a well-illustrated booklett, a book on Czechoslovakia after two years under German rule, and a pictorial survey of present-day industry in England. Diagrams of the new English methods of “hurribombing” may inspire some CAA recruit to do a little experimenting
on his own.
Information On Soldier Life Everyone who has a friend in the
service would find the pamphlets on
small part of the col- the Soldier and his Food, his Clothes,
structures, demolition, medical developments, transportation, and production problems. The latest news from Washington, D. C., comes in a release called Information Digest, which is a review of every important phase of Washington activ-
ity. The pressing economic tangles photographed.
but regular Army sergeants and officers will judge the preliminary
drills.
Fingerprinting Of Faculty For FBI Nears Completion Fingerprinting and photographing of the faculty for identification purposes started in August is now 80 per cent complete, according to R. W. Levering, Plant Protection Officer of Services and Stores.
Filed By FBI
Copies of the fingerprints and photographs go to the state and the FBI, under this new plan requested by the Navy Department. The plan is to cover the entire campus; only the south campus remains now. After being fingerprinted and
each faculty mem-
include such groups as CurtissWright Cadettes, the group that RCA will have in training by April, and the women that Vought Sikorsky aircraft manufacturers plan to send to college at some time in the near future. < 5. Men and women who are taking extension courses while ■working in industry. 6. Men and women in uniform under the army and navy Spedalized Training Programs. Confusing Schedule Periods In order to accommodate these varied groups of students. Dr. Brown stated, the larger colleges will be forced to operate on as many as three different schedules—quarter periods for the army, semester periods for the navy, and their regular schedules for the regularly enrolled civilian students.
which wartime presents are discussed in other pamphlets written by men of high authority, and also discussed are the challenging aspects of building for the future, a task which lies with today’s collegetrained men and women. The college men and women here have a day by day opportunity to keep their campus in the lead as a contributor toward our nation’s fight—the wellinformed citizen is a good citizen in the making.
ber receives an identification card of a color which admits him to a certain area of the campus at all times.
Theta Xi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: John W. Cosby, Niagara Palls, N. Y.; William K. Gandy, Barberton, Ohio; James R. Townsley, Hammond, Ind.
April Graduates President E. C. Elliott Will meet with all eighth' semester seniors or students who expect to receive their degrees in April it a meeting to be held Tuesday, March 2, at 4:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. All of the aforementioned students are urged to attend the meeting as matters of vital interest such as graduatloik will be discussed. —HOCKEAtA.,jt' /ifrtr
;«> i-") 1^ ‘i-'f ffi'n'Ar4wi!i^Ti-‘« ^
f^'■^
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Honorar\ Editor W illnm G Hoskins
ith the ( o!or
Editor Mnnasrcr Netis Editor M^naRintr Fduor SeniQ,r Ad\crli ins: Manager Sporte Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Lxccutivc
Dnio 1 Bufr Gerhard H Klouman Kobert W Boswinkle SalU Beall I imes G Eetty Jo eph S Dawson lean 1 auor A Jane Kcim
Associate Editors
H Tison U doll !■ JVlurpl \
Coed Staff Pm Ins Mann 'Marthn I
Elninc A1 i en«
Sports Staff C bo^ nrl 1 \cl r
Publtcifton Staff
I dilnn li St iff
I \ h 1 I U 1 il IT lilton \s.rmh 1 ^ 1 ianull C C Martin
C nol>n "W ilbur n D Shi>cr R Smith
Business Stiff Assistant Ad^erlisinjr Mamper T I ilj i Ad^crtismsr Managers J FI \oi L Giunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kn il n Accounts Manager M-tr F Us
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Richardson Sports Fditor Sowards Da\ Fditor Rii.g'^ Issue F cl tor Goodenough Workers Fahn^st cl ^itcl Mitrlull M illnms Richud son "iargar Grt'^on H hn Fir \th(.
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate if i estate provid d for in section 1103 act of October 3 191 niithoiized Januiry 20 1922 PubhBhed on Tuesday Thur daj FruWv and Sunday mornings during the %f’ai Deli red 1 calh by carrier for $1 7 for a semester or *^3 00 for two simcstois b> mail for $2 00 for a semester or S3 ->0 fer two seme tei Represented for natitnai t-dviitising bv National Advertis ing Service lie College P bhshers Representatives 420 Madison A\c New 'iork N Y
Wake Up
SshvkiL SihipsiA,
En'ifqn R. S. Pef'frsbone
1 c(7tl\ H( i\ 1 \ 1 f. ml ron mission in the \d <1 (i\ u ll I S Snal All Station Jdtk on\ lit 1 !a Ii ncv\ i■^ cf inini k in d oliitti u 1 o tonics ii 0111 1 11( P 1 ()] I ti 1 M\ 1 it\ J( 1 tw ) ^tal pi lu) <0 ! (I \ I I \ ) \ ( J p sti\<
Sgt Oamon Elder das'-/jJ 42 wai KtalkiMiu li P'li'n liaxt to Cl to ofiitti (ciidid, t( SI hool in ] Itiimii Md 111 1j( 111 iiud 111 chi, mit ll w i fa
Purdue Exponent
qiie WASUMTOH U Ktq C.l OK MERRY-€0-R0UHD
ly DREW PEARSON French Learn Of U. S. Landing In North Africa Bn Advance, Thus Gaining Huge Profits
One thing \\hich \\as biought to oui* attention this week was the almost complete lack of student attendance at the A T Hull cou\ocation on Wednesda\ afternoon Piofessoi Gunn t)f the Modem Language Department, and Professor Spencei of the Agiicultiual Engineeiing Depaitment, both informed us that when they questioned then lespective classes as to whethei ox not they weie going to the convocation, the student^ unanimously replied “what convocation‘s” Although these two classes may not ha\e been accuiate samples oi the student population, they do show that at least some elements of the student body do not know what is going on aiound the campus In spite of lathei extensive publicity m the Exponent and placai ds on e\ e’ v campus bulletin boaid, these students had managed to wander aiound fiom class to class without noticing the time noi place of the conv ocation Surely it can’t be that these students aie so inteiested in then school Vvoik that they walk around the campu v itn then heads down We aie inclined to believe that they meandei around the campus with non eemg eyes and deaf eai s and ai c coi ii letelv obliv lous to many things which vitally affect them Univ eisity students should be old enough to decide loi themselves what they want to do and heal Although the v eiacity of this statement may be doubtfd in some quaiteis, we can oveilook the absence at the convocations of students who knew in advance ol the time anh place of meetings Hovvevei, we cannot overlook the ab&ence ol neople who claim that they knew nothing of the convocation If they knew nothing about the speakei, they surely could not hav e reached a decision as to whether or not they would like to attend To tho'-e students ot the Univeisity who live aiound heie and do not keep abreast ot the news, we would like to say that it is high time that an avvakening takes place It certainly would not involve much moie effort for them to keep their eyes and eais open and it might be worth then while to know what is going on Since these students aie so non-observant about such things as convocations, they ceitainly pay little attention to many othei things that are happening daily in the world about them If these students wake up now, they will be able to make decisions foi themselv^es as to what they would like to see and hear If they keep aw ake in the years to come they will also benefit because it geneially is the well informed man who succeeds —d e b
Captain Raymond R. Oeftiger Hctnth u<-ci\((l hi (. )i (1 oil it BaiL^d h Jiuki Li \\ h u he uj i\ c li u in,, ol ia\i|L,atois foi cun' I bonii it ic ti ( ajitain Oifti^oi htiKii 1 n cchaintal ciicti i \lik u tnc I in \ ers
GRil'fAiSU^flEARII'
By Lichi^
WASHIInGTON—Giadually moie details of the State Dcpai tment s pohev of coopeiating with Vichv appeiseis is leaking out, and unfoi tunately it docs intake good leading Latest untold chapter is how the big bankers in Fans knew in advance all about the Aineiican landing in Ninth Africa and tiansfeired their funds there to the tune cf 25 billion fianes oi $350,000,000 Then, aftei sneaking this Sum out of France, the French bankeis with the aid of then fnend, U S IMinister Robeit Murphy, hi ought picssure to laise the e\ change rate on the franc Finally they succeeded This simple transaction incicased the holdings of the State Department’s banking friends to $325,000,000 The stoiy seems almost unbelievable, but here aie the SOI did details Evei since the fall of Fiance, Geimanj his been taking ovei valuable Fiench piopeity lioin the Jews, laboi unions, and iclugecs who had fled fiom occupied countiies In doing this, the Geiinans obviously wcie piepaimg foi a long tcim thiottle hold on Fiance, so th^y went about it vciy caiefully Appaicntly they wanted to avoid litigation in Fieneh comts aftei the wai so they aiianghd these deals thiough ccitain Fiench bulks The Jewish li boi union and icfugee piopeity was oidtied taken over and given to the banks Then the Geimans bought the piopeity fiom the banks paying in fiancs Howevei, the fianes weio tiken out of the “Occu pation Fiancs” which the Bank of Fiange pud to Geimany eveiy day, foi tno cost of occupation, so actually these deals clul not cost the Nazis anything • Huge French Profits The Fiench bankeis weie peinutted to kc^p the pill chase puce of the piopeity so they amassed huge piofits and it was these piofits lehicli wcie inns feiiecl to Noith Africa befoie the Ameiican landing The banks doing business with the Geimans weic the Banque de Pans et de Pay Bas, the Banque do 1 Indo-Chma and the Banque Wuims Despite then close coopeiation with Geimanv ap paiently these bankeis knew m advance that U S tioops weie going to land in Noith Afiica Plow they knew this militaiy seciet in ample tune to send theii money to Algieis—though the U S Cibinet did not know it until a few days befoic—hasjiiot boon definite L established on this side of the Atlantic However ceitain entumstantial lacts aie sigmtitaiit The charming and naive Robeit Muiphi had is his close friend lacques Lemaigie Diibreuil head ot the I reneli Vssociation ot taxpayers, a big business lobby—financed bj many of the'-e bankers Lemaigie Dubrcuil worked hand in glove with the Comite des Forges or Steel tiust whith had propel tv in Austiia and Axis eountiies lie had led the fascist dnturb ancesiiiPi'i in 1931 sliai ed the same political piulos oph) as these Geimai eollaboiatiiig bankeis and was close to them Strangely enough it was lemaigie Dubituil v honi Muiphy those to hai.dle his eontacts toi (he invasion of Noith Afuta It was he who picked General Giraud ariaiiged to get him to North Afiica in disguise and who was Murphv s key man in this vitally important operation How much Lemaigie Dubieuil told his bankei fiiends in Pans ibout oui militaiy pi ins is his seciet but it is an inconti ov ei tible fact ui it thev moved then 25 billion lianc piohts wiung fiom unioitunate Jews and laboi unions to Noith Afiica shoitly beloic the U S landing ® French Banking Lobby Aftei U S ti oops landed, the St iLt WaiandTieas uiy dcpaitments had agictd to 1 cep the exch uigc i ite at 75 fianes foi one dollai Wheuupon the Ficneh bakeis immediately launched a lobbying campaign to peg the franc at 50 to the dollai Obviously this would gieatly enh inee the 25 billion fianc nest eg, they had sneaked out oi P uis Stiangely enou,,h the bankeis icceived vigoious supijoit fiom the i aivc Bob Vluiphy Ills ai^ imcnt was that m Piee P‘'ieneh Aliica to thi south the ficiic was negged at 50 to tl c dollai so it should not be 75 to the dollai in Noith Atiiea Howevci Washington had fixed the 75 iiane late in Algieis ind Moioeco because the Geimans had made the liane much weakci in this aici while they had not been able to wcikcn the fi me in I lee Picneh Afiica Ihe Treasuiy is supposed to govein U S (inaneial policy But in Hus ease Mi Murphv went to bit so vigorously for Ins Frentli banking fiitnds that even tuallv he got hold of Piesideiit RooseveU in ( asa blaiiea and the Mhite House issued la ordei fixing the late at 50 fi incs to the dollai Overnight the 1 tench banking clique whxcli had piofated from the forced sale of It vish and laboi union properly had their 25 billion franc nest egg iiicieased in .alue from $350 000,000 to $525 000 000 ® Capital Chaff Ic was shoitly aftci I ou si ns Sen iloi I llendei telephoned Louisian i s st ite Supiemc Couit Justice Auhie Higgins th it he was sure to be appointed to the U S I'ltth CntuiL ( ouii ol Appeals th it I DK appointed leva Jimmy Allied to tint ludgeshi]) It look as ll Judge H gg i s nii} lit i ow lun loi „o\Linoi ol I ouisi m i ® BsbSes For Senators The Gideons have piesented eich membti oi Hie Senile with a h indsonm Lible bound in v\ lute Icathci w th his n line (mhos e 1 on the eovei Pci haps Hu tol!owin<- umceoideci uitKkiit eoivineeti the Gicleom H at til Senat ne tied tc leulthc Bible Rett'iHv the Senate has been inviting chaplains liom vanous denoiiuiiations to delivei the opening piavti Ihi invitation was extended leeentlv t) D frank \\ Bunk r, leading tluislian Scientist who observed the eeiemonv of siltnf piuvii followed by (he lepclitioii ol the Louis Piavci by all assembled I lie St naloi s stoi ci uspei lliilli within id howtdclui mg tin peiiod of silenet But Hun when Di Bunkti a-.ktd that Iluv loiii him in Hu foul-. Piiyti it ‘u med almost as if onlv lw<i oi Hiret ot Hum knew it \t least naulh a voiti toukl he htaid in Hu galkiv above Shoilh tl ualtti t inn tin .,itt Horn thetiidioii'(tepy light 104 i by ( mt d I tatuu Sy nditaU Ine )
‘The houbing pioblem IS bad—I don’t knovi^ when I’v e been to a paity wheie they made an efloit to bieak a lease ”
University Calendar Friday, February 26
4 00 P M
( osniopolilan Club
Room J04 Union
8 30 P M
PIA D inee
So Balhoom Union
8 30 P M
Ml)h i Pill Omogi
r Pacultv Lge Union
8 30 P M
Phi Mu D inee
W Paciilty L{. e Union
Saturday,
February 27
7 30 P M
Basi ethall—M iseonsm leldhouse
8 30 P M
P ’ Men s Dance
So Billioom Union
8 30 P M
Phi Kapp i T 111 D inec
Ch iptci House
9 00 P M
1 II Club PIlly
Memoiial Gyi'gnasium
§n, Jhs^ ^ImkchsA,
Sunday fh ogi un 11 Hie Plum t hn ti n 1 oundation Mom g seniecs in tic I iCiv elte C'uuh h dun.., S \lh uul Noith ^ ts 0 30—■1 ulent (i ‘--c Spccid student 'i tu"! on ulited t) oui JilunescAme ic in eit s piob Icn Pob Si tl n d of ei j Icuiin The Elbe Cla v ill meet it usu il in Hu ' de en to eomjilete the dis cuision cl the letlcii M Pid 10 J ( 'ill n 5\ Ol *111) Sci V c Ihc Rev Po\lc riilkii wdl piei n the semon All wci v lu il In ( on iiiumo 1 '"c iv 1C c V ll hiiimi os om wouhin th is ii open c m
munion Chuich Evenin^ pio i in in the Pounda lion II )u 0 1 IS Giant 5 15—lot Suppoi Si„n up it '■tiocnt Lhss [lie se oi call 139 1 \ 1 on 5 15—1 Ol um meli cling locui lien di tis icn uul v o oliip Mis Piithi kum u ip] I ol Indn wdl kccl Lie ll eii sioi ui in voui oir-,tiois conctining India Pio I m cli Gs iiompth at 7 oO \V c^t 'alavette Baptist Church ( OI lei ( h luntev uul Coluii bia ‘ jO i m k) ei Vv illi im I oun c tioii < Im-s h ui 10 jj i m — Vloining woi nn eciMc oLim n Live Conticknth by ihc Pa toi Mu ic by f e lunioi t K 1 clucc cel 1 e I\ ih Giuvei P ue “'iis D ( Biodu oigini I 5 (I p 1 —I Of. OI tv illi uns Foun (Sec C ill RtllJ S page 1)
NOW PLAY8NG
BRILLIANTLY TEAMLD FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A STRANGE AND BEAUTIFUL TALE ABLY PRODUCED BY M G M'
COiMAN CARSON
James Hilton’s
m juiiiev riiiioii s
RandmJIarvest
D RECTED BY LeROY
PBOOUCED BY s DNEY franklin
WAR
BONDS
PHILIP DOerSOSAN PETERS HENRY TRAVERS REGiNAlO OWEN
BRAIWELL FLETCHER
A ANerv/n LeRoy Production
Tv/o who found love lost if! AND FOUND IT AGAIN'| Ihroobirg drarm packed witL ''uj.pcr.,p Excit^r-e if
Out &f the fire and fwy of the war in Africa comes a picture you’ll always rememberL,» An adventure ^ you’ll never ferae# ?
5 DmYS Sdcurffiig To»>30E'row
LAST TSMFS TODAY
MARS
Friday, February 26, 1943
University Condition! Resemble Those Of 191^ Old Papers Reveal Little-Known Facts About Campus During First World War
By Sig I’eterson II you wcie to leaf thiough the Exponent of the days of I^'oild War I, you would notice many things similai to piesentday happenings Among them are items such as these* “The fiist of a contingent of 500 aimy motoi mechanics airived today (April 27, 1918) to study mechanical maintenance of motor vehicles They will be quartet ed in Memoiial Gymnasium . “The executive committee —
ot the Umveisity voted last night to set aside the hour fiom eleven to twelve each day
Sanitaiium uul B ittle Giouncl It ‘^cenis th it neaiby icfaidents didn’t know wh it to make of '‘he boys’ sig nailing with then flags, so they
foi mihtaiy training and calls- called the shenff m gieat alaim
themes loi the men of the Univeisity” “Piesulent Stone leaves today foi Washington, whoie he will aTfrticl a meeting of the Com mittce on Education of the Execu tive Council, N itional Council of De
fen-^e’
Underwent Changes Then as i ow, the Univeisity was undcigoing nic ny changes Piac tically the entiic male '-tudent cn
Feais wcic soon illayed and no one
vv IS shot
Aiiothci mtci i sting item was that of A S MacLeod an ex student, who was the fiist Ameiicin casualty of the fiist Woikl Wai MacLeod tians feiied fiom the Univeisity School of Agiieultuii to Hmvaid Univei ■-itv, vvheie he enlisted in the Red C1 oss ambul uiee coi ps It was w hilo diiving an ambulance m Fianec that lie w IS wouiukl by miehine gun
lollmcnt was enlisted m i,he SATC
(Student Aimy II lining Coips) uul fue of in uipl/ine vvis quaiteied in bin neks located Eleven Du In Action ippio\imat''lv whcie the EE build Eiliv Univeisity men lost then ing now stuuls The Militaiy De lives in the fust Woild Wai and it pailnunt h ul i duly column in the is intcicsting to note th it of these FxponeiB in which qui//cs in mih fiftv only c Icvcn died in action oi oi taiv tl inipg loi the fieshmcn weie wound Tht lem uiuki died of in pinitcd These qui'^zcs dealt chiefly flucnzi Y.pnial menmgilis ftid acei with pi obi ms ot mfantiv dull ind dents All but tluse filty ot the
wcie to Ic cut out and biought lO
class each div
Libel ty Boiul s,ile cainpugns Clean Plate campaigns meatless diys signless divs ind student miss meeluig^ loi moiale called bv Hu Piesu'entol the Umv eisi ty w cie th vogue then Spccnl wai couises m wackss tel gi iphy militiiv Piench b IV onct (hill lemoun' soiv ic' (cue oi hoiscs foi hoise diawn tiel 1 iitilkiv) ^isin mes and hist
aid weu ofleied
EaiU n Fcbi luy ot 1018 i coil hot i ( c uned ni iny 1 ou es on Hie e 1 1)1 s Of) without he it loi se\ c lid us I i! i (suited in the Univei siG bull iiiKs b ng closed up Yt loi l u Weis \11 soci il ll e\ii i uiiicul 1 leliviluo i u c to i loiipkte studs I'l di
in., tl p K 1
Spus stalk H'l ( inipiis ''(1110 II t ll in,, lU S Sign ll ( ) use ( Ued i (tci ilia i 'py ( ( " 11 0 1 h( 1 \p) u lit (t Vplil 2a 191' whtn Hu' wcie (studi hi ,, i line ot com iii n e i tion betv ctn the Wibish Valley
1 500 Univeisity men in Moilel Wai I leUiincd to help in the iccon stiielion they had lieen ui^ed to tiain ioi vihik in school
Faculty
mcmbeis Piol II L Solbeig, L V I udy G A Ilawkms, D S (111 ol the Mechinicil Engineciing School uul Piol R B Wiley of the Civil Lngiiietiiig School vvcic m Chcigo vc'teidiy to attend a mcetin at vein h Ih Washuiglon Aw lid loi Di tinguished Seivice \ IS aw uektl to De in A A Pottoi
I u ' lite
ARC
TODAY and TOMORROW -DOUBLE FEATURE—
Gvl-oriou5 - Music And Laarjlifer’ 'THAT N3GHT 8N RIO' In Technicolor with with DON AMECHE ALICE FAYE CARMEN MIRANDA plus
Dime a Dance Juke Cirl’ ''DANCE HALL'' with CESAR ROMERO CAROLE LANDIS
i.yMA
TODAY and TOMORROW
STARTS MIDMITE PRLVUE SAT. 11:15
w\ \
I
FORGET WURI! mmieo..
TO my mmr‘
hootert'
SECOND HIT
WARNER BROS newest sensotion with CHARLES RQBURN frank craven BILLIE BURKE Directed by JOHN HUSTON
IFriday, Febrmry ^6,1943 Boilermaker Sparts
Pages
Riveter Grapplers Meet Michisan State Today
Lambertmen Face Two
\
Toughies Over Week
^
End; Badgers, Hoosiers With a final practice session yesterday afternoon the unpredictable Boilermaker net squad prepared itself foi the two tough opponents which it will face this week end Although weakened by losses to the aimed foices, they were still determined to 1‘ing up the final hardwood victories of the season in the tilt with Wisconsin tomorrow evening and m Monday’s
big game with the highly-i ated ■ Hoosier team. In the Big Ten standings, Indiana ranks second with 11 wins and one loss to Wisconsin, while the Badgers are tied with the Riveters
for fourth place _ ^ , Wisconsin was picked for Captains
gi eater lam els at the stait ot the
season, but they have had many I olIowiniL, the Illinois wicitlini, upa-and-downs, the latest down match last Satuiday the Boilei came as a zesult ot a close 56 54 makei v/iestlmg squad held an elec loss to the Noithwcstein Wildcats lion to choose an honoiaiy captain last Monday evening toi the season Results ot the elec I Outstanding among then vie tion weie icvealed by wiestling tones this season was then 57 53 coach Claude Reeck last night to be Win over Indiana two weeks ago a double headei Co captains weie accounting for the only loss sut elected, Waiien ‘ Doc” Eviston, 175 feied by the Hoosieis this season poundei on the squad foi the last In this game Johnny Kot/, Badgei two ^eals and fiank Ruggieii, ptar, went wild and hit the nets toi heavyweight on the squad ioi the
Aim For Victory Tomorrow Roster Full Of Champs
Riveter Mat Team Chooses
last two ye ns Tiank is at the pies ent time the defending Big Ten
heavyweight champion
19 points At the othei foiwaid po Bition, his mate Sulliyan, "did like Wise to also accumulate 19 points
Bpth of these lads aie seniois ________________________ Other seniors on the Badgoi team this he was able to gunei 19 who aie bunging then collegiate points in the Iowa game Biggs and haidwood caieei to a close aie Tied Biowei both sophomoie loiwaids, Behm, guaid, Ed Downs Geoige Ims been clicking with consistency Alfeldt and Paul Bionson m both piactici and games In the Friend Replaces Lawson Iowa ime Biggs was good ioi Coach Lambeit has his Boilci seven miikeis and Biowci was ipakei nettcis in top shape loi the pccdin,^ up and down the flooi to games heie tomoiiow nmht and accumulate his totil of seven Monday night Duffy Diicnd will points Llmei Biwddlc sophomoie replace Rudy Lawson who was lost guild has been showing gicatpos to the All Coips list wcel Tick sibiiitiis in piactice He leplaccd Kennedy, sophomoie ccntci oi foi i ,icnd m the Io\ a -,amc and s nk waid, pioved his woi th when he ic t\\o b isl ct foi the Rnctcis
placed A1 Menko at centei m the Rot/Hi’■h
Iowa game and dioppcd in twelve
Duffy Fiiend Captain A1 Menke and Ed Ehlers, thiee Boileiinakeis who will piobably see plenty of action in the final two haidwood contests the Boileimakeis will engage in this season Tomoiiow night these gents tackle the Badgtis from Wisconsin, the only Conterence contingent to down the highlj vaunted Hoosieis, and Monday evening these lads meet up with those same Hoosieis in person Ihcre is a chance that Friend will be
out of action in these contests due to a back injiiiy suffered last Wednesday
Beers' Boxers Meet Riveter Track Team Meets
mini Thinlies There Saturday Tomoiiow alteinoon at 2 30 at the Umveisity oi Illinois, the Boilei makei tiack and held squad, coached by Hermon Phillips and Homei Allen, will meet the thinly squad fiofn the Illinois institution in the finale of dual competition for both schools beloic the Big Ten Confeience meet which is to be held at the Uni\eisity ot Chicago on the following week end Ihe Rivctei aggiegation, vaisity and fiosh, will make the tiip tomoiiow as the meet will
points Captain Menke h s been in a slump loi the last tew c ames but it IS hoped that he will be ible to pull out of it to put i biilli int finish to his season’s iccoid Ed Ehleis is in laic foim at this time of the seaison As jnoot of
ar
"
DR. PAUL A RISK
DR. LUTHER A
RISK
DR. HAROLD J
RI.CK
— DENTISTS
400-404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main Sts
Phone 5701
coici
Jobniiy hot/ lie ids the list of the BiiUei scoicis In the two games with Indiana cailici tins season Tvot/ scoicd 32 points to boosi h s thiec yen scoiing lecjid to 172 iniiits iliio beat the iccoid held by Jewell your., loimci Riv ctei KC 1 y fi c mail CIS youngs ic unuil line told was 165 Since the announcement of this lecoid bicikiim leal Kot/ has plijcd in two ai ICS uid has l\ o moio to go Ills final totil hould he well out ot the icach ol HiUnc Big Ten haul wood scoiinf sL s
How cai^oyt o C^iTEiH oaa the Cl¥iLiJlli IFMliTf As a student, you’ve doubtless asked yourself many times what you ought to do to help win this war. What can you study that will be of practical assistance'' The Retail Bureau at the University of Pittsburgh is offering a new opportunity to college upperclassmen to be trained for a successful career in retailing v/hilc gaining actiial working experience at a steady weekly salaiy You will receive icgular undergraduate Cl edit for youi work at the Bureau, you’ll earn a weekly income in a Pittsburgh department store, you’ll be making a definite contribution to civilian waitiinc morale —at the same tune piling up experience toward a career Pitt’s Retail Buicau came into being during World War I to help retailers replace executives and junior executives lost to the armed foiccs and government services In this war, we’re bringing 24 years of successful stoic service to the problem of training new people And we believe opportunities in retailing have never been gi eater than they are right now NEW SEMESTERS BEGIN MONDAY. JUNE 28. AND SEPTEMBER 27. 1943 « Application blanks will be fiiriiislied on request REsaKH BmiM m imii TRAimm UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH » Pittsburgh. Pa.
Tomoiiow the Boilci makei box mg squad co uhed by Iim Beeio w ill tick to Culvei Mililaiy Academy to moot the kituio gcneials m the paddc 1 1 in., Ihis meet wuh the CuUci lids tomoiiow will be the second toi fhe lion c team The nist meet ol the season was with V il paiaiso colkr,e two weds if,o which llie Boilci m il^cis diojipe i by a close 1 s scoie As 111 IS stitislics .,0 Cuhci w ill c(l ovci the V ilpaiaiso squid 7 6 list w cl not mu( h diffciencc IS evident between the Rivciei ind Militaiy schools A iiotRcablc loss 111 the Rnctei lint up his been Bill McLluic in the 135 pound tli\ I ion McClui c iccenf ly had i callous impi tated liom his heel and his been uii ibic to ic heal sc the pioiiililc line u|) ot twelve men who will make the tiip tonni low include 1 Moii at 112 p mnd I 1 Licl at 118 Pai ks at 136 led Owens (liom Naval School) at 155 Andcison ilso iL 155, Don Iicile at 1()5, Ilcion 175, Jim Howdl 175 Vii il Nicholis 175 L MilaiTkas at 175 and I McMillin heuy w c 1 ht Jim Harris Named Acting FoofbafI Coacli At 8owa Iim II 1 IS the Unn isity of low 1 s new <icting he ul football coadi iiecs piobibh the most un ccit in sil 1 ition with ie.,iui to matciiil and schedule tint e\ci coni) onti (I a 11 i\\ key c met Iji i \ cn m the ol 1 (I ly s I he toimci line coach was do \ itcil fuesd ly to act in the po ilion iiomcilv held by Di Lddie Andei son now on Ic ivc ol ibsci et to scivc IS i nodical coips miieii And now hell stilt w oiide 1 iin how 111 iny men he will hive aval iblc whcthci licshmcn will be mule di ihlc loi iiitci collegiate pin and whit soil ol a sdieelulc il any low i e in cn igc in next
I ill
Harry Gehel
dean ot Anieiican League um pircs who will speak lucsda- be *oie die I ifav ttc lions Club &ei I mired tioni active dutv last sea on c Itei St 1Vmt 18 v c 11 s
be in two paits, giving the ihiniLs a little indoor meet expel icnc^ that will be of value yv hen they become eligible for \aibity competition when the o itdooi season begins this spi mg
11 osh I o Compete
The lostei ol men to mike the t ip is as lollows rieshmen Mike Bojinoft splints and huidles, Hai vcv splints Lnnblatt a mid scmcstci iieshman tiom Indianap oils splints VauDemon quiitci mile Detvvylei quaitei milci Fiiksen halt milei Capehait halt iiiilci 'Williams mile Blom and Kilpitiick high jumpeis will meet the distinguished Mi Eddleman Dyke has jumped 6 it G in but hvb only made 6 it 3 m so lai this sc ibon Sue Li will mal c the tup as
fiosh shot puttei \<iisitv Runs loo
1 he vaisity lostci toi the tup is ns lollows B uid Cl and Livin., hoLi c in thc’dibhcs and bioad liimj), B lines iiid Livinghouse in tlm hiiidlcs Banckei Aichci and 5 oiin in the quutci mile Kindei ind Puce in the hall mile Dueslei, Kiiidci A hvvcll M chaelb and Hai lei 111 the mile 1 un this same ,,ioup ot men minus Kindei will iPo com into 111 the two mile iiin Close and ( alhoim will put chc shot 1 lie pole V 1 iltiim duties will be lett solely
Placement Notes
For Women
the Ilimtii gdoii Cull]) it B(\nc
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
BONDS
LIKE YOU NEVER DID BEFORE
Support the JAPANAZl SINKING FUND
Sports Shorts Ann Aiboi Midi Fch 25 A .,00 1 stioim puce ot Ic id pjjK m ly he included ly Coach I Kenneth Dohoity is i nccc suv Pit of his '\l dim in ti id c im ccimimicnt ioi the lest ol the ciiicnl c i on (ji lilted th it it vv nild be some
tl ing o idcputiiic horn icccptcd hinds ol Newman Giimm ii lining c istoms Doheitv is won lumping mate took i tumble off (kiin iicvcithckss vhcthei a sh ii p ^ niotoi cycle i tcvv days ago ind
bdton thcno,,gin lustbctoie iiacc ^ 1 ly lot do 1 is lunncis some good ^ yet
VI) t u V lie h IS one piece oi cv idc ncc
in tuoi tluieol
Vt tin iccciit Miclii., in Stale Re li s Bob Ulci mdividuil stindout on the W olvt 1 me squid was jog .,111 it one side oi the field house
vv umin., up I 11 tin iiicc'lcy idiyin l^Lthif m iiccils i dietiti n ten which he vv IS to I un the iiuhoi lull c imp ioi i so ison ol mill Ulci w IS lunnin., with his iboul niii weeks Tiu C imp ilsu hi id diwii 11(1 1 Ul smuk into a needs othci help toi the comnuss i y stiuctui il 1)0 im d i/ing him to such dcpaitmcnt Aiiyom intcicsted in ixtciit tint he still docs not ic '1^1 telephone 29 10 Placement
mcmbci the idiv itsdt
llovvcvci Dolcitv icmcmbcis it vv 11 111 1 p u 111 1 u 1 LII Cl null VI 1 1 1 pc I 101 111 11 cc 1 lU I I sc 11101 111 11 Pilt IjLi ill I n his uichoi 880 111 I ))1 wliiili tils the Michigan V 11 i V mill 01 hill mile icci III uul
lull the t ip
li 1 1
\ n 1 oui 1 ilci 11 ( ov I led liom llu liliivv 111 ihe held bul still iimcm I 111,1 olliii , il i ut llu nu dll V hi li I ! i I it 111 the null I IV 111(1 hi 1 111! i I M qu 1 tci i i iihoi 1 a ih 1 i 1 11 i i i Midu 111 V I 1 11 1 1 11 tl (I 11 i c V ( mil I V V i 11111 th I cc il 00 V u I 11111 II 11 I !v I I 111 Is I ( i ci n 1 11 0111 1 111 w Olid 1 c i 01 (1
Wci'icc till Women
OI 1 1 Ul in
it once lo' 111
( IV il Si 1V ICC t muni sum is of! c i 111, Ul c X imiii iLioii toi th jk) ition ot lunioi Piolcs 1011 il Assistant V ah i siluv ot Sl()20 slsOO uid
will 111 Jiont ot the S_000 yen iiliis ovcit m Sciiioi
stiidiiit vv h ) h IV c one sc ucstci ci twoiLiiilci locompktiiniv ipplv Vi)|i]ic lilt uc puticiilulv dc mil with tl unin in iniblic idmin 1 u Uioii business I Imini ti uoii c n mu ccmomit ,s0 1 iphv li I i ell ncc 1 t IV puUis wd liii t iti tics mithcmitics hiul igiiLul Liic luilhci inloim ition II IV Ic lb lint 1 it till Pliccmcnl Sciviic loi Women ulciilioiic dlsi
iNWARSAVlNGS BONOS fi.STAMPS
Evet ything Jos a ((flhigp E'h’' ('*'on DEAC’S
Notice
Si,mi!) ItiPsitist vv ill Ik .,1V cn at 1 00 Fiidiv Icbiuaiv 26 Anv o 1C wishm., to tike teats it tint time lilt isi u I Ol t it the Inti 1 niiual Ollicc piomptlv at 1 00
Wiestling at its best will flourish in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse this afternoon at 4 when Coach Claude Reeck’s squad of Big Ten title holders tangle with the formidable squad of matmen from Michigan State, who for the last two years have earned the title of lunner-up in the National mter-collegiate
wie'^tling toLiiney
Michigan State comes to this campus with a team that is
half National champions, their first four men, 121 to 145, all holding latings of prowess that are recognized nationally Regardless of this aristocracy ot the visiting team, the Boileimakeis have a 50 50 chance to topple the highly lated Spartans The lightweight half of the State team i& stiong, but fiom 155 pounds up the Riv etei squad holds the edge, giving even odds to each aggiega
tion
Here Thev Vre An introduction to the lads from State, and then qualifications, are as follows At 121 pounds they have Heib Thompson, National AAU champ in 1941 La^it season he was forced out of action by a dislocated elbow but IS back strong this year Hai old Parsons will be the man Thompson w ill have to contend with. Paisons IS a ireshraan who for the last two yeais has held the Illinois state 115 pound championship Micl igan will take the points m this tiay legaidless of the outcome as Paisons IS not eligible, but wrestling ioi expeiienee AV ell Well At 128 pounds the visitors have Mcil Jennings one of the Jennings boy s Merl has, along with his twin biothei Bull held about every bon 01 a wiestlei can win in thi^ countiy Meil was Oklahoma high school champion 1939 120 pounds Nation il Jumoi AAU champion, 1940, 12o pounds NCAA champion, 194142 121 pounds Thud m AAU tournament 1941 123 pounds Intertate champion, 1941, 121 pounds. Intel state champion 1942, 128 pounds lAaltei Jacob awaid win nei 1942 Undeieated in 1942, winning 14 bouts and has won foui this y eai without a defeat CImt Sowaids is the luckv Boileimakei who will tangle with Meil in the fracas this afternoon 1 vv ms They Are At 13b uounds Michigan has Burl Jennings Bull was Oklahoma high school champion 1939, 129 pounds National Junioi AAU champ, 1940, 134 pounds NCAA champion, 194142 121 pounds Third National AAU champ 1941 143 pounds Undefeated in four bouts this year Danny Netteisheim is the Boilermakei who will mix with Buil This won’t be exactly a walk away for the State champ Danny has won three out of thice this jeai and was state champ in hib weight back m Wisconsin Ihcv Just Keep Comm’ At 145 pounds, State brings on moie aiistiociacy in the form of Bill Maxwell Heie s Bill’s record Oklahoma high =;chool champ, 1938, 145 pounds Oklahoma high school champ 1939 138 pounds National Junioi AAU champ 1940, 145 pounds NCAA champ, 1942, 136 pounds Second NCAA championship 1941 136 pounds Won three, lost one this veai Lost a fall to Manly Johnson, Michigan’s captain Bill has been suffeiing from an attack ot flu and is just getting back into foim A veisatile athlete, plays No 1 on college tennis team, is imbidoxtious wields the i-aquet with eithei hand Also runs on the ciosscountiy team He s one-eighth Blackfoot Indian Geoige Stendel take-, on this gent lurning Point About Here Fiom heie on the meet shoald take a steady tiun foi the Boiteimakeis At 155 Bill Ross is the visiting conpetitioii This is Bill's lust vtai on the squad and he-’s lost the only bout he has competed 111 this vcai Vlecting Bill flora the Pivctci side ot the ledged is Rogei t lascn in I ott V s Davis At 185 the visitois have John I ott John has had no pievious expel iciice and has lost the only 1 atch he has vviestled this ye&i?, Vclrau Divis (pude ol the Ag school) t ikcs ovei m this event lilt Vlichuin btUc 175 poundei is iMoiiis llathvvav who was Miehu 111 stuc hmh school champ in 1 Ul Doc hviston IS the Botleiiiiikci to sec action against Hath-
VV IV
111 the he ivv weight division, Mike Dcndiinos is the gent who wtH meet Boilei makei and Bii.- Ton cluinip 1 1 ink Ruggicti
Betas Win Frat Track Meet; Pi
K Phi Second
A biief unofficial account of the Inteifiateinity tiack meet that was held last Wednesday and Thui«day is as tollows Fust, Beta Theta Pi second Pi Kappa Phi, thud Theta
Xi foiuth Delta Upsilon Individual winneis follow
Shot Put—Chas Close, Signla Pi 38 It 7 in , Winklei Theta Xi 37 It 1 in King Sigma Nu, 3G ft 2 in Baiwegnn, Phi Delta Theta s6
ft
Bioad Jump Dunn Lambda Chi 20 It, 10 in Joidan, Pi Kappa Phi, 20 tt 2 in , Vaiideman Delta Up silon 19 ft, UK in Mooie Beta Theta Pi 18 tt 5 in Qnaitei Mile Relay—Beta Theta Pi 18 2, Delta Upsilon 48 9 Theta Xi 50 8, Pi Kappa Phi, 52 0 60 Yaid Low Huidles—Gutting Beta Theta Pi, 7 2, Smith, Sigma Phi Epsilon Joidan Pi Kappa Phi Mile Run—Eiickson Theta Xi 4 45 4 Gammie Pi Kappa Phi Svvaggei Pi Kappa Phi Nielson, Acacia 440 Dash—'Vaiideman Delta Up silon 53 8 Hansen Phi Sigma Kappa Capehait Beta Theta Pi, Majoi Delta Upsilon High Jump—Rich Sigma Chi 6 tt in Kilpatiick Alpha Kap pa Lambda Dunn Diiffin tie Pole 'Vault—R II Allen Sigma Chi 10 ft , J W Stallings Delta Upsilon, 9 ft, 8 m L W Mooie BetaThetiPi V W Risin,,,, Alpha Chi Rho 60 Yaid High Huidles—Gutting Beta Theta Pi Smith Sigma Phi Fpsilon, Rising Alpha Chi Rho Newman Iheta Chi Time not lecoicled 880 Run—Capehait Beta Theta Pi 2 8 8, Eiickson Sigma Phi Epsilon, Nielson, Acacia Two Mile Run—^Fiickson Theta Xi 11 3 1, Gammie, Pi Kappa Phi Svva gei Pi Kappa Phi Phillips' Runners langle With mini At Champaign 'Weakened by the loss ot thiee consistent point winneis to the Aimy All Coips within the past ten (kys, the Rivctci tiack squad will m ike its final dual meet stai t ot the indooi season against Illinois at Champamn Satuidav aiteinoon Coach Heimon Phillips aheady deiiiived of both of his high jump eis John Biebnei and Tom Blown, vv IS busily en,,a.,ed today tiyin„ to dig up anothei distance lunnei to leplicc Ld Sew aid outstanding sophomoie two milei Sewud who won the two mile lun m the dual meet w ith Indiana was called to the Aimy An Poicc vesteiday joinin.., Biebnei and Blown who weie called last week In view ot the depleted tiaek ioivCs PiudiiCb mam point hopes will be cuiieil bv Co e iptain W il him Binclei dashes uul quaitei mile lun Geoige Aiehei quaitei mile Pied Kindei hilt mile ind Clidiles Dueslei ii the mile and tvv 0 mile V-1 CANDIDATES Vll 17 vtai old students who aie plannin., on enlistiiig m \ 1 piioi to Maieh 15 ue asked to meet m loom 251 ol the I leetiieal 1 ngineeiing biuUlmg at U 00 a m Iiidav or 8 00 a m Satuidiv (oi hull in triietmas conecining enlistment Individ uals who ait not liet it these houis should call at mv office in the Ixecutivc huikhug Leloic noon Satin d v —KN U'P Cadefrtes Von niav obtain ,1 subsetiption lo ihc 1 xponent in the main ofhee ot Wood Hall at anv time during the next week Please be suie to include vour box nunibei as well is vmii mini on the subsmiition bl ink\ r
/ Purdue Exponent
Fridayf February 26, 1943} c ... ■ ■ ■
In The Churches
, (Continued from page 2) dation felloi^'ship hour and supper. ‘ 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Foundation forum hour Panel discussion led by Timothy Tilton on “Christian l^asis of a Just and Dm able Peace”.
Univcrsitj Presbjterian Church North St. Near Grant 9r30 a. m.—Sunday School. Dr. Gordon H Graves’ class will continue Its study of the Gospel of St. Mark. 10:30 a. m—Morning \\orship. There will be no Cliurch service this Sunday. Members are urged to attend the Religious Convocation in the Music Hall. Dean Gilkey of the University of Chicago will speak. 0:30 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club.
^nation-wide “Week of Dedication”. Special music r\ill be furnished by the choii. 5:16 p. m.—Wesley Vespers. A fellowship supper will be served at 5:15 for 20c in the Gieat Hall. A student led panel discussion will be held at 6:30 on the theme: “Techniques of Personal Religious Living” Puiduc students and seivice men aie eoidially invited to any oi all of these services.
Weslej Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Student chuich school. Two classes, continuing our study of the Bible, will be offered" (1) A Skeptic Looks at the Bible, and (2) The Great Ideas of the Bible. Rev. E. R. Balsley and Plot D. H. Patterson. 1 espectively, aie the teachers. 10:40 a m—Moining voiship seiwice (At the Church). Doctor Otto Scott Steele vill speak on the theme: “Personal Religion’'. This Sunday launches the
Personnel Notes Companies Sciieauled to Visit Campus. Phillips Petroleum Co., Baitlesville, Okla.—March 1. Ameiican Can Co., Maywood, Illinois— March 1. Intel tested in Chemists, ChE, MetE. (Men and women). Zenith Radio Corporation, Chicago, 111—Maich 4. Interested in Apiil and August EE.
\
Kappa Sigma
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of ihe following: Robert C. Wells, Lynchburg, Va,; Richard W. Yount, Kenmore, N. Y.; Fred S. Horner, Jr., York, Pa.; Robeit F. Plank,^ Bartlesville, Okla.; Janies Ritter, Park Ridge, Ilk; H. W. Maicu§, Louisville, Ky.; Warren J. Jackman, Springfield, Ilk; D. Pierre Westcott, Elmhurst, Ilk; Robert L. Agnew, Lafayette; Richard Issler, Prospect, Ohio; John F. Griffey, Frankfort; Walter J. HeinSie, Jr., Detroit, Mich.; Charles B. Thompson, Indianapolis; Arlan L. Borgeson, Chicago, Ilk; Carl L. Fisher, Evansville, and Donald E. Casey, River Forest, Ilk
Roiter WillUimB Foundation: Dr. Joaeph Robbins of New Vork. will speak to the students of the University on Friday at i :15 in the Foundation room of the West Lafayette Baptist church. All students are invited to this meetinB. —WENDELL
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday, 26, at 4.16 p. m in room 304 of thd Unwh. —DOTV'
/?
Omicron htu: Meeting Friday, February 26. at 4 p m. in the Home Economics building. —BEALL;
Ail Women Students: The St. Louis Girl Scout Council is in need of girls to work iii their camp this summer. Jobs available aie unit lender, assistant unit leader and water front director Any one interested should telephone or come in to the Placement Service for Women (296.6) immediately. —FELDT
Distinguished Students: Refunds will not be available until Moriday, March 1, 1948, in the cashier's office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE
Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting on Mondaj, March 1, at 4 :16 p m. in the Exponent office. New pledges will be chosen —RAFERT
Met. Students: Mctalluigical Engineering students in the Enlisted Reserve Coips who have not reported to Room B-7, Armory, to record the fact that they are Metallurgical
Engmeeis should report at once.
Classified Ads
-ROBIl^SON
Notices
Activities Bureau Coed Workers: Crnij?, Bower, Fuchs, Cooper, Lane, Wade, SchnatT, Matson, Hill, Blow, Connelley, Griffith, Ccarff, Walker. Report to Activities Bureau office Monday, March 1, at 4:16 for Intcrviewini^ School. Important. —TYLER
ROOMS ARE NEEDED If you Iiavc one—let the students know ill The Exponent Classified Ads. Call—4005 Circulation.
Camera Club: Meeting Wednesday, March
' ^ ' ■ ■■ ■ aT. 7:3
Typewriters: Adding machines, all makes’ sold, rented repa:red and purchased. Mlmaowraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Mhinp Lafayette. Phone 2779.
3, in room 363 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Prof Hawkins will speak on infra-red photography and lules foi spring salon will be announced. —STOCKMAN
Money to Irfian: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters, Albert’s Lpan Office, 407 Columbia.
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are Intel ested in students for employment: Standard Oil Co. of Ohio, Cleveland, Ohio—Interested in ME. Sign in Personnel Office by 12 noon, Satin day, Feb. 27. Erie Railroad Co., Mai ion, Ohio—
Ronald Colman proposes to Greer Garson in this scene from M-G-M’s “Random Harvest” now at the Lafayette Theatre. The film is an absorbing and memorable love story adapted from James Hilton’s latest novel.
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p. m. on (he day preceding the Issue.
Interested'in ME. Sign in Peisonnel sylvania; Fletchci School of Law
Office by Saturday noon, Feb. 27.
and Diplomacy, Mcdloid, Mass.; New York University.
Navy V-1, V-.5 and V-7: Members of Navy Enlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Navy Reserve should leave name, place and date of induction, home address and classification in iny office. A request for these cards will be made to the Office of Naval Officer Procurement. —KNAPP
Tau Beta Pi: Business meeting Tuesday, March 2, at 7:20 p m. in loom 330 of the Union EUction to replace lost recording secretary. Discussion of how to save some money. —SEDDON
For Rent—Study room and sleeping pofeh. Suitable for one or two boys. Phone 41791.
Wanted—Two last semester Debris. Phono 6.360 aftei 6 p m
GE-1 and GE-2: There will be no meeting of either GE-1 oi GE-2 on Saturday. Feb. 27 Watch this column oil Thursday and Friday issues of the Exponent for meetings scheduled on March 6. - KNAPP
Lost—A gray topcoat Made by Richrtiond Brothers Phone 8121 W-213. Reward
Lost or Stolen—K & E. Log-Log Docitrig
d-
Infoimation can albo be obtained at the Peisonnel Office legaiding scholarships, fellowships and assistantships at University of Penn-
Buy War Bonds
Cheerleaders: Practice every afternoon Ihib week at 4.00 p. m. m the Ficldhousc.
—SCHWAB
Dolphin Club: Important meeting Tiusday night, March 2, at 7:15 p. m m room 104 of the Fialdhouse " —SMITH
Slide Rule Reward for information rcgari ing to whereabouts Name engraved on both case and rule R. A Kemper. Phone 2352.
Try an Exponent Classified!
Aeromodelers: Important meeting Mondav, March I, at 7 30 p m in room SO of the Union. Bo then. —CRIST
For Rent—To male students, large room, twin beds il9 W Oak St 2492.
For Rent—Single sleeping loom, modern. 24b Littleton
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS
University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Sprinq Showinq
nf l^few Sleeks
* TWILLS ★ GABMDIIES ★ BEDFORD EOBDS
Roger s Men s Wear
East Side Square
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also
CURB SERVICE
TRIPLE XXX
Corner of Salisbury and Main
SoidhivoYthX,
SMALL ENOUGH lo personalize ils serviee to yon, yel LARGE ENOUGH to oiler you ihe largest sloek of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
YOUR APPEARANCE
IS OUR BUSINESS
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE
No. Name and Position 17 Max Biggs, f 4 Ralph Borwer, f. 3 A1 Menke, c. (Capt.) 18 John Kennedy, 1 14 Edwin Ehlers, g.
WISCONSIN
f)
6 Gerald Witsman, f 7 William Kercheval, f 9 John Swantz, c 11 Robert Morris, f 15 Donald MeVey, c 16 Robert Myers, f 10 Floyd Lawson, g. 20 Paul Friend, f. 22 Robert Biddle, f
Name and Position Kotz, f Sullivan, f Patterson, c Rehm, g Tautnbach, g
Mills, c Falls, f Downs, f Krueger, g Hertz, c
“Will you . . . won’t you . . . will you take me out to dinner, EtP’. I’m so tired of cooking, let’s go to Tom’s . . . you know special like! “Darling, you’re on! Tom’s Steak for me and anything your little heart desires. Let’s go —to Tom’s!”
TOMS RESTAURANT 301 University
HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES
Edgerton Hardware
E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
IN A HURRY?
Call a
FLOYD “lU’DY” LAWSON
Your car must serve you for Ihe duration—
YELLOW CAB 5023—Dial—3071
FRANK'S PLACE
Quick Service— Good Food
Try Our Tenderloin Sandwiches
Let us serve your car-
Pete Doc Anderson
Purdue ’07 Corner of Sixth and Alaltama
Phone 4048
WE NEVER CLOSE-
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S