L
THE WEATHER FoTecast for Indiana: Unsettled with rain probable. Tomorrow, fair, rising temperature.
Putdue Exponent
Z-186
FRIDAY Pebrucory 17,1039 Lofoyetfe# Indiana VoL 50 No, 116
Dr. Louis Mann To Speak At Religious Convocation Sunday Dr. Louis Mann, noted educator, author, and lecturer, will speak at the regular monthly religious convocation Sunday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. President Edward C. Elliott, who will introduce the speaker, will make his initial appearance before the student body since returning to the campus. The musical background for the program will consist of two anthems, “Fear Not Ye, 0 Israel,” by Roberts and “Holy Is the Lord Our Crod,” anonymous. These melodies will be sung by the University choir of 150 voices and an echo choir of 50 voices, both under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. Dr. Mann, a native of Kentucky, was graduated from the Louisville Male High School and attended John Hopkins University. He received his bachelors and masters degrees from the University of Cincinnati. He also holds a BHL degree from the Hebrew Union College and a PhD degree from Yale. Lecturer at Chicago From 1920 to 1923 he lectured on “Comparative Ethics” at Yale; in 1923 he became a professional lecturer on Oriental languages at the University of Chicago. At the present time he is a professor of this subject at Chicago. He has been a rabbi since 1914, serving the Congregation Mishkan Israel, New Haven, Conn., for three years, and since 1923 leading the Sinai Congregation of Chicago. ^ Student Group Hears Talks About Europe Addressing a combined Purdufe Student Alliance and the Student Forum group in the Union reception room last night. Prof. V. L. Albjerg, of the history, economics, and government department, told what is wrong in Europe; and Rev. Charles Webber of the Methodist Foundation for Social Service, spoke on “Recent Developments in Soviet Russia.”
Dt. Maitn
To Speak At Sunday Convo (See Column One) Kassel Will Play At Pan Hellenic Ball Organized co-eds and their dates will dance to the smooth music of Art Kassel and his “Kassels in the Air” band at the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic Ball on Friday night, February 24! Art Kassel and his well know radio band come here from the Morrison and Bismark Hotels in Chicago. The Greek letters and colors of all the sororities will decorate the walls of the ballroom. Band stands will be decorated in Old English style letters with an aqua and black silhouette of a girl as a backdrop. Grace Reinhart, chairman of the dance, has announced that a formal dinner, under the dirS&tion of Charlotte Lochner, for the members of the Pan-Hellenic Council and their dates, will be held immediately before the dance in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Three hundred tickets at two dollars apiece are on sale now at all sorority houses. Girls whose sororities do not have active chapters on this campus may obtain their tickets from Virginia Steele at the Alpha Xi Delta house before Thursday, February 24. Kappa Delta Rho... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of G. G. Chisman, Hamptoii, Va., D. L. Fye, Indianapolis; and A. W. Grefrath, Tonawanda, N. Y.
Flight training of the first of 60 University students who are expected to qualify by June 30 for the “Private Pilot Rating,” as evidenced by an “Airman Certificate” issued by the Civil Aeronautics Authority, was launched here yesterday afternoon on the spacious University airport within a few hours after G. Stanley Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation, who has been cooperating in negotiations, received'formal approval of the first - applicants from the C. A. A. in Washington, D. C. To Emmett F. Hamer, of West Liberty, Ohio, a junior in the school of mechanical engineering, went the honor of being the first student to take to the air for instruction in "the new C. A. A. sponsored course. Accompanied by Capt. L. I. Aretz, operations manager of the University airport, as instructor, Hamer took to the air at 2:40 o’clock yesterday afternoon for his first official instruction. Hamer was followed closely by Lloyd L. Treece, of Lafayette, a junior in the school of mechanical engineering, who was taken up by Instructor Jack Harrington at 2:42, and Oscar Grab, of New Rochelle, N. Y., sophomore in electrical engineering, who started his first aerial lesson at 2:44 with Lowell Park as instructor. Other Flyers Others who had completed all of the necessary negotiations and took their first instruction during the afternoon included Alan D. Johnson,
Influenza Epidemic Reaches Peak; Things Are Looking Better Today, Announces Dr. S. J. Miller
12lh Annual Florists' WBAA Will Dedicate
ConwntionloCover I’"
Sales, Yield Problems Ways and means of improving yields, quality, and saleability of florists’ products will be the theme for the twelfth annual Indiana Florists’ Conference to be held at the University March 1 and 2, it was announced yesterday. The Indiana State Florists’ Association is co-op-erating with the University in sponsoring the conference. The conference is expected to attract several hundred flower growers, retailers, wholesalers, and employees, according to Prof. E. R. Honeywell, of the horticulture department. The corntnittee on arrangements is composed of Arthur. H. Watson, Lafayette; Waldemar Niednagel, Evansville; Ralph 0. Baur, Indianapolis; Stuart Mann, Richmond; and J. J. Eitel, Greencastle. Playshop Presents Show Again Tonight “This Thing Called Love” was presented by Playshop before a large audience last night in Fowler Hall with a winning appeal for the second consecutive evening. The daring trick of putting marriage on a business basis made the drama' one of the outstanding of the year. Ruth Bennett and Robert Schwomeyer will lead the cast in the third performance this evening. The curtain will be drawn at 7:30 in Fowler Hall.
University Students Start Flight Training Program
Hoagy Carmichael Featuring the music and life of Hoagy Carmichael, noted Hoosiei composer and Indiana graduate, a program dedicated to Indiana University will be broadcast by WBAA at 3 o’clock tomorrow afternoon, it was announced by Gilbert D. Williams, WBAA program director. The hour-long program, directed by Hank Miller and written by J. Robert Shinn, both Purdue students, will" present approximately 25 of Carmichael’s published songs, a dramatization of his writing of the
immortal “Stardust,” and many in- ^
fceresting and amusing events of his life. V
Now In Hollywood
Material for program which will originate in the Union music room has been compiled from personal letters from Carmichael, who is now
working in Hollywood.
Also appearing on the broadcast will be Bill Martin and his orchestra the Men’s Glee Club under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, and
Russ Mock at the piano.
New Jersey Artist Displays Wood Cuts Twenty-four original wood cuts by Lynd Ward, New Jersey artist, are now on display in the Union music room. The cuts, which were recently shown at Cornell University, may be purchased at any time during the exhibit at prices ranging from three to 12 dollars. “Wild Pilgrimage,” a book by Ward, is also on exhibit in the browsing room. This volume, believed to be the only one of its kind, contains no written matter as the story is told entirely in wood cuts.
Angna Enters, Foremost MimeJWill Give Unique Dance Compositions For Convo
of Newark, N. J., sophomore in mechanical engineering; William B. Miller, Dayton, Ohio, senior in mechanical engineering; Robert H. Moninger, of Chicago, 111., junior in mechanical engineering; Clyde F. Reed, of Boswell, senior in mechanical engineering; and Robert M. Strieby, Indianapolis, sophomore. The start of the training of the Purdue crop of 60 “fledglings,” selected from some 200 applicants, represents the first step in the program designed to train some 20,000 persons as pilots within the next two years. In order to lay the ground-work for the expansion of 1/ the flight training program, 300,1 pilots are to be trained by colleges 1 and universities during the present semester, with Purdue being selected as the training ground for onesixth of the total. Theory and Practice The University offers ideal facilities where theory can be combined with practice for the type of college student pilot training proposed by the Civil Aeronautics Authority and approved by President Roosevelt. As the largest school of engineering in the country, the University maintains a modern 224-acre airport and a hangar that> also houses class rooms for theoretical study as well as research facilities, a model laboratory, and a machine shop. Incidentally, the airport is so situated that the available area can be easily increased to 366 acres. (Continued on page 4)
The unique Angna Enters will appear before University students, faculty, and townspeople Wednesday and Thursday nights, February 22 and 23, for the regular convocation program. Rated by Vanity Fair as the greatest feminine mime of our generation, she has been acclaimed by virtually all the outstanding critics of America, Canada, London, and Paris as a genius in her line. She gave her debut in Greenwich Village Theatre, New York, March 1926, and has had phenomenal success with her 150 or more creations in dance form. Miss Enters has exhibited her paintings in more than 200 art galleries all over the world. Seniors, fr-eshmen, and faculty members with green passports will be admitted Wednesday evening for
the performance at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium, with all others being admitted on Thursday evening. Students and staff members may exchange evenings by depositing passports for tickets with Prof. J. T. Gunn in room 213 Pimdue Hall or with Miss Stover in room 106 of the Recitation Buildmg before Wednesday, and calling for them Friday. Townspeople may exchange tickets by mailing them to Prof. Gunn with self-addressed, stamped envelopes for their return. Single admissions may be purchased for $1.00 at the door each evening. Agriculture Short Course students will be admitted for 60 cents upon presentation of their identification cards.
To Play For Jam Session
PEW Department Plans Exhibitions For WAA Program Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for wHjmen, has planned an interesting informal program for the WAA open house to be held this evening from 7:30 to 9 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Students, faculty members and townspeople attending will have the opportunity to inspect the redecorated Memorial Gymnasium. Events are scheduled as follows: from 7:30 to 8, demonstrations of fencing, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong will be in progress; formation and swimming demonstrations by Triton Club, one at 7:40 and the other at 7:55; at 8:05, a volleyball game between two varsity teams; at 8:30, tumbling and modern dance demonstrations will be given. The volley ball teams will be composed of the outstanding players chosen from various class teams, June Spry will be captain of the Black team; Pauline Swick, volley ball chairman, will captain the Gold team. ' The team members are as follows: Black—J. Spry, J. Shaffer, y^. Maier, M. Clymer, M. Kennedy, B. Spears, D. Holden, E. Kirkoff,|and M. Smith. Gold—P, Swick, R. Swift, E. Harrison, E. Westover, L. Heiser, C. Ade, M. Butz, M. Johnson, and B. Smith. Newman Club Plans Dance Newman Club is sponsoring a radio dance in the St. Mary’s auditorium tonight beginning at 8 o’clock. All Catholics and their friends are invited, with no admission being charged. Refreshments will be served during the evening.
Hospitals Admit Five New Cases, Bringing Total To 43 Reports from the Home and St. Elizabeth Hospitals yesterday were that the flu epidemic which has threatened the campus for the past week has reached its peak. Backing these reports. Dr. S. J. Miller, head of’^the Student Health Service, stated, “Things look some better today. The epidemic has finally passed its peak and is now on the decline.” Four students were taken to the Home Hospital yesterday and four others dismissed maintaining a total of 35. “Students will not be allowed to see their friends” was the edict issued by the Home Hospital in an effort to stem Hie tide of visitors who might contract the flu from the person they had come to see. Eight In St. Elizabeth’s St. Elizabeth’s admitted an additional case today bringing its total of interned up to eight. The opinion here was that conditions were much more severe at the University than over the town in general, due to more crowded conditions in fraternity houses and rooming houses. In an additional statement Dr. Miller urged that all students who have never been vaccinated for smallpox to report to the Health service and have this attended to at once. Free Cafeteria Hop Fills Vacated Date Recordings will furnish music for dancing in the Union cafeteria tonight, because of the cancellation of the Reamers’ Valentine Dance. Tables will be removed from the center of the romn^and patrons will •be served by the Swe^t Shop waitresses. Dancing will be from 9 until 12, and no admission will be charged. Dancers are asked to bring' nickles to use in the recording machine.
Various Campus Activities Await Ambitious Frosh
Campus service organizations, general in nature, include in their programs a wide scope of activities for the ambitious underclassman, ranging from assisting with dances to photographing campus activities. They present the opportunity for personal enjoyment, broadening experience, fellowship with one’s contemporaries in working toward a common goal, and the feeling of belonging to the University that comes with responsibilities to be shoul-
Jazz Master Jimmie Lunceford will bring his colored syncopators for the regular mixer tomorrow night The mixer, lasting from 9 to 12, will be preceded by a swing session from 7 to 8, allowing lovers of swing and jazz to hear Jimmie’s interpretation of the latest songs.
dered. | STUDENT UNION ... . . . helps with all University activities within the Union Building and can use an unlimited number of second semester freshmen in a variety of jobs. The work includes sponsoring various clubs, taking tickets at weekly mixers and student produced entertainments, assisting big campus dances with decorations and backdrops, and plerical and publicity work connected with all of these. Time required is 4 to 6 p. m. five days a week plus special assignments on mixers, bridge lessons etc. Advancement is through the merit system by petition and election based_^ somewhat upon the hours put in. Elections lead to thirteen junior positions and four senior offices. *■ ACTIVITIES BUREAU . . . ... offers openings to a limited number of sophomores interested in personnel work. Purpose of the organization is to encourage participation in activities and to aid underclassmen in becoming oriented in
ah activity. The work is of a clerical nature, including interviewing freshmen, filing, writing articles and publicity, and classifying organizartions. Time is 4 to 5:30 p. m. Monday through EViday. Sophomores, juniors, and seniors receive keys. Elective ofidces include a senior director, senior co-ed secretary, three junior managers, and two co-ed junior secretaries. Advancement is by the merit system. PIA ... . . . forms on outlet for the energy of a large number of independent students in general office and committee work. Workei’s’ time averages between three and eight hours per week. Silver keys are awarded for one year’s service, provided the time and work warrant it, and gold keys are given for two. Activities include work on both staffs of the Independent, social committees for tea dances, etc., including ticket taking and painting posters, and working with the Purdue Ward Association. There are two senior officers and one senior position and three junior officers and six junior positions. WSGA ... . . . standing for the women of the University, will take any number of women interested in the service. Their work includes serving on office, conference, residence, and activities committees. It requires every afternoon from 4 to 5:30 p. m. Offices to be held through electioix are president, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer.£dibfujDdL
THE PUBDtIE EXPONENT
■ ' V " . J-StaJjAMA,
FHdcty, February 17,1939
WeTixAAWalk... . . . up to the tower room in the Union late yesterday afternoon and found something entirely new; a “puttering room.” Hoping to give art-niinded students a chance to express themselves in an otherwise highly technical school, or just to furnish a room in which they c^ “putter around,” Student Union officials are enthusiastic over their newest child. Instruction is given by Robert Parks, employed on a full-time basis jiist for this purpose. Parks is a graduate of the John Herron Art Institute, well enough qualified to direct the work of his pupils. The room ordinarily will be open from 9 a. m. to 11 p. m. daily, and Parks will be on hand most of that time. In his absence, Student Union workers will be in charge. Materials are provided free for work in clay modeling, oil and water color painting, pastel and charcoal drawing, pen and pencil sketching, linoleum block printing, leather work, and metal work. Work tables and special drawing chairs are set up on the stage. IHnancial backing for the puttering room comes from a $500 anonymous gift. Materials will be provided for more extensive Work as student interest demands them. Charges will be made only for expensive leather and metal material. Inexpensive leather, metal, and all other supplies will be furnished. Night before last, on opening day, somebody who happened to be in the tower room for an unscheduled meeting and walked off with three student sketches and a Van Gogh reproduction. When materials and instruction are furnished free it is hardly cricket to take advantage of the Union in such a manner. This rooih will fill a definite student need on the campus. Yesterday, with very little advance publicity, over a dozen interested students visited the puttering room. Bob Kany, Union vice-president in charge, looks for increasing numbers daily. More students might well avail themselves of this new opportunity. —D. G. T.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for ?8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor ..—L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E, Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. -C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonin! Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager....; ,.....H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor ; .....Sally McKee Associate Editors ; Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors .: J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative A20 Madison AVE. NewYobk, N. Y. CHicAao • Boston • Los ANoeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and _ published by undergraduate students of Purdue^ University. All opin- . ions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editoiv-Yates Friday, February 17, 1939
Frosh WSGA Petitions Due Monday, Feb. 20 Petitions for freshman representatives to the WSGA executive board foil the second semester are due onMonday, February 20, according to Mary Alice Learning, president of WSGA. Any freshman, including those who held offices last semester, is eligible to turn in a petition provided she has a 3.5 scholastic index. The petitions must be signed by 25 freshman co-eds, and should read: “We do hereby nominate (—^name of nominee—) to the position of freshmap representative to the executive board of WSGA the second semester of 1938-1939.” Two representatives are to be elected at the mass meeting on ‘ Thursday, Februai’y 23. All freshman co-eds must bring their passports to be eligible to vote.
t o the Editor
Letten meeepttd for pObUesHoa to thia eolumn must be aeeompanted hf the. wriior’e slgnatare and ebonld be limited to 1(0 words in Icnsth. GET RID OF THE CHIMES— To the Editor: Isn’t it about time that someone removed those Indiana Chimes from the Union lawn ? The campus looks bad enough with all the construction going on, much less cluttering it up with “debris” such as that. Last fall just previous to the Pur-due-Indiana game when some of our students acquired the instruments, it was done in the heat of excitement and as an indirect result of the acts of I. U. students. Under the conditions taking the chimes was, and still is considered a perfectly legitimate act. But that fact does not in any way compensate for the treatment the chimes are now receiving. The pipes are not Purdue property and therefore if we are going to show them as a trophy (as evidenced by the fact that they were placed in the most conspicuous spot on the campus), the least we can do is take proper care of them. However, if they were not meant as trophies, and we can obtain proof of the campus rumor that I. U. does not want them, there is. absolutely. no reason for leaving them where they are. They not only degrade the looks of the campus, but look to any visitor who recognizes them as though we have no respect for other Universities or their belongings. So let US do something about them—either treat them as a trophy should be treated, or remove them from sight. A. W. Y.’41.
^J^im and
By Georgann Schilling
We are firm upholders of the belief that ideas should be aired, not censored. It makes little difference if these ideas fall on deaf ears, take root, or are only tossed to the winds. We can only write about what we know, and hope it doesn’t appear too trite. Our Very heartfelt thanks to you boys and girls who have either written or told us personally that you like this column. As you know, “Him and Her” began last September as an experiment. We can hope for little improvement unless we receive criticism—either constructive or destructive. So if you don^t like our manner of doing, or if you have ally killer-diller ideas, let us know. We aim to please, really, —H-H— Music, from the ether waves will be used for the ATO Radio Dance at the chapter house Saturday evening. This evening of the 18th is to be quite crowded with social doings . , . Jimmy Lunceford at the Mixer, the triad formal at Allen’s, the Jefferson Day fraternity formal, and this radio dance. —H-H— Then there’s the very tragic tale about the energetic young lady who started out to write a sociological book on “Drunks I’ve Known.” She wanted to make the treatise realistic, so she collected the material personally. But woe, it turned out to be an autobiography! —H-H— Two letters from Hoagy Carmichael, two letters from the famous
urnmnu TODAY-SATURDAY
^ proBucti-"' jfiSSE JSMBS ,N technicolor tybonT'powe* HENBV P®" LV
— LAST DAY-
and-
GENE AUTRY "<Ti£OE:i>
ALSO —
SUNDAY-MONDAY ALEXANDER'S RAGTIME BAND HOOSIER SCHOOLBOY SHORT SUBJECTS ' f
composer’s mother in Indianapolis —that is the kind of correspondence Hank Miller has been carrying on lately. Why? Well it is all concerning a very special Campus Varieties broadcast scheduled for Saturday afternoon, February 25th. The progranj is to be dedicated to Indiana’s great song writer, Mr. Carmichael; and all of his music will be featured by the cast of entertainers including our Glee Club, pianist Russ Mock, and Bill Martin’s band. Hoagy is very interested in this broadcast and has re^ quested that a copy of the script be sent to him at his Hollsrwood residence. —H-H— Bits of knowledge we have picked ap around: that ants are more intelligent than elephants, that you get seasick in the ears, that false teeth should be worn both night and day, and that a book shofild be written on “when and where to boo referees.” ' -H-H-FAMOUS LAST THOUGHT: Girls who drink wine Must have a good line. Girls who drink rye Make bar checks run high. Girls who drink beer Are never to fear. But girls who drink water Do just what they oughter.
ARC
Bold ^irtd Blaek
Request for a kiss: Chi O^—Gives her fellow a look that goes through him like a galvanic shock, leans a little closer, and the work is done. Alpha Xi—If you haven’t been drinking and proiaise not to drink any more, I’ll let you press your lips to mine, which as yet are unprofaned by a kiss. Alpha Chi—Pucker up your mug and let me copper it. Theta—How perfectly splendid it would be if we were^ to indulge in a little osculatory exercise. Kappa—Plaster me a good one right under the snoot. Pi Phi-Well??? Phi Mu’s—They do all their talking with their eyes. Anjrone can understand them, -B-B— The DU’s gave a typical DU serenade Tuesday night for the gals at the Hall—no one showed up! —BtB— From the last show heard over WBAA, we wonder if the radio stage hasn’t turned to “Snappy Stories” for script, —B-B— If you should notice a strong odor as you pass the Theta Chi house, don’t be surprised; They have gone ‘back to nature with a ’possum as their new mascot. -B-B— Why did the Alpha Chi’s change the name of their Bum Room to the “Room with a View?”
FINIS: A TOAST: Here’s to better days . . . any damn fool can have fun at night! —Bill., D. Laura Arnold Direds New Community Fund Campaign Laura H. Arnold, secretary of the Community Fund of Lafayette, is directing the annual campaign for community local relief funds. The Community Fund organization is carried on by a group of citizens who serve without pay.
uim. TODAY-SATURDAY
2 HIST RUN HITS
ine AOV6&uff0Of mm livam S HilSSI$$9|N imft Alive on the Saecnl
MaiU
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
A Merry Matrimonial Mixup!
— PLUS — GORDON OLIVER JUNE TRAVIS MARINES ARE HERE
EXTRA! DONALD DUCK CARTOON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
“That flour you sold me yesterday was too tough—my husband simply ruined his bridge on the pie crust I made out of it!”
Marian Willoughby To Talk On Hobbies Miss Marian Willoughby, of the clothing and textiles department, will talk on “Hobbies” at the WSGA mass meeting on Thursday, February 23. One of Miss Willoughby’s hobbies is a collection of dolls. Friends have broughts^her dolls from many foreign countries. Now she has colorfully costumed dolls from all over the world. Another of her hobbies is a collection of the signatures of well known people. Among the signatures is Tyi’one Power’s. Miss Willoughby also has mounted pictures of the places and things she especially wants to see when she has the opportunity to travel abroad. After the mass meeting freshmen
will be asked to remain to vote for their WSGA representative. All petitions must be handed in by February 20. ,
Ohio’s five state universities have formed an inter-university council to coordinate the educational policies and programs of the schools.
ANNOUNCING BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN Phone 2150 BEGEVTSfER’S Wed., Feb. 22 ADVANCED Thiirs., Feb, 23
AUUEN’S 6th & Ferry
ONE DAY ONLY SATURDAY
• ON OUR STAGE •
LAST DAY—GAIL PATRICK - OTTO KRUGER in “DisbarredFridoyi Februcny 17.1939
THE PURDUE
^pdhtA.
E3CPOMENT
Water Polo Squad Beats I AC, 6-5, In Home Pool Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity water polo team eked out a 6-6 victory over the visiting swimmers from the Indianapolis Athletic Club last night. , — ^
Jacobi scored twice in the first half to pace the Purdue squad w-hich led at the half, 4-1. The Boilermakers successfully staved off a strong second half rally by the lAC splashers who scored five points during that period. Purdue’s margin of victory was made in a shorF shot by Marshall with a few seconds of play remaining. Hook Stars Hook, ex-Boilermaker and all-con-ference guard, starred for the visitors, scoring two goals. Purdues’ team was made up of Lahey, Liming, Jacobi, Carr, Siler, Graham, Armstrong, Marshall, and McCammon. Returning to Big Ten competition the Boilermakers will face the invading Chicago Maroons, Western Conference titleholder, in the Fieldhouse pool tomorrow. The Maroons have made a very imposing record in their previous games this season and should prove to be very tough competition for the Boilermaker aggregation.
Table Tennis Team Defeats Illinois, 13 It Five members of Purdue Table Tennis Club traveled to the University of Illinois Saturday afternoon and defeated a group of students from the host school 13-11 in a table tennis meet. Fred Farr was the outstanding performer for the winners, taking four out of five matches, while Bill Bower and Alex Georgiades each won three out of five. Bill Harris won two and lost two and Dave Nassau won one out of five. Nassau’s lone triumph however, was the deciding game in the meet, the winner of which was the first team to win 13 out of 25 matches. Hensel led the mini with three wins and one loss. The interfraternity table tennis doubles began Monday and will be completed ftiis week. Thirty-four teams are entered in this single elimination contest tourney.
EASTMAN KODAKS All Kinds of Supplies and Camera Accessories for the Picture Fan.
Hinea’s
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
0! fOR
Get out those Spring Suits, Top Coats, etc., right now and send them to West Side for a real cleaning.
Send us now all the articles you'll want cleaned this Spring. You'll profit by doing this because the Spring rush will delay prompt handling of your items.
/
SALE Men's - Women's CALIFORNIAN LEATHER JACKETS
McGregor
SPORT SHIRTS —SWEATERS SCARFS and GLOVES 25% DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Intramural ~ Illness Keeps Two Wrestlers From
Return Match With Maroons Tonight
Willey, Gossard Out With Flu; Team Meets Chicago Today, Armour Tech Tomorrow In Attempt To Go Over .500 Mark
By Jim Hebbeler
Things you didn’t know about the intramural department; that ’Chief’ Clevett, present head of the department, was its originator in January 1920—co-eds used to be intensely interested in intramural activities, they even had varsity bAi^ketball men coaching their sorority teams. The 10-acre tract north of Intramural Field now makes the total 32 acres in the hands of the department—baseball games vere played on the site of the present ME and EE Buildings. Badminton courts are being constructed in the Fieldhouse east of the basketball floor and will be open for play until 3 o’clock every afternoon starting the first of next week. The courts will also be open in ths evening for play. Equipment may be checked out at the window in the basement of the Fieldhouse. Fraternity basketball is in the semi-finals in the winners division and Icjsers brackets, with one of the semi-finals in the winners division finished. Kappa Sigma n<>w rests in the final spot waiting for the winner of the SAE-Beta game. Theta Chi, DU, Lambda Chi, and Kappa Delta Rho are in the losers’ bracket, the winner of which will play the victor in the winners’ division. Intramural Schedule Today Court 1—J. Kurtz. 7:00—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Tau Delta.
(B).
7:15—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. (B). 8:26—Ward lOX vs. C. H. 10. (A). 8:40—Ward 2A vs. C. H. 2. (A). Court 4—Aronson. 7:00—Theta Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. (A). 8:25—Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi. (A). 8:40—Sigma Chi Vs. Sigma Pi. (B).
University Club Bowling
The Texas College of Arts and Industries has the largest privately assembled geological collection in the south.
GOLD LEAGUE STANDINGS
W L
Chem. Eng. 1 10 2 Ag. Engr 8 4 Executive III 8 4 Biology 7 5 Animal Hush 6 6 Ag. Chem. I 6 6 Jt. Hgwy. Res. Proj 6 6 Union 5 7 Entomology 2 ' 10 Executive I 2 10 High Scores for the Week High individual games; Stuckey 220,200 Willis 210 Weitkamp 211 McAlpin 201 Lehker 198 High individual set: Stuckey 609 High team game: Biology 803 High team get: Biology 2362 BLACK LEAGUE STANDINGS
W L
Chemistry 10 2 Gen. Engr 10 2 Civil Engr 9 3 Dairy 7 5 Elect. Engr 6 6 Ag. Chem. II 4 8 Executive II 4 8 Gen. Stores 4 8 Poultry. . 4 8 Chem. Eng. II 2 10 High Scores for the Week High individual games: Kemmer 201,186 Wilbur 201 Liskey 186 Eldridge -. 181 Seal 179 High individual set: Wilbur 527 High team game: Poultry 839 High team set: Elect. Eng 2278
Hard hit by the influenza epidemic,' Coach Claude Reeck’s Boilermaker wrestling squad will leave today to invade Chicago’s Midway, where they will meet the Maroons tonight and the Armour Tech squad tomorrow. Willey and Gossard, ranking 155 pounders, will be unable to malce the trip because of
" illness.
Hopes of evening the count with the Maroon matmen, who eked out a 14-12 victory in the initial meeting here, have been somewhat dampened by the loss of Willey and Gossard, but Coach Reeck is still hopeful of springing a surprise. If Berkheiser and Post can repeat their victories scored in the first Maroon matches, to pace the Boilermaker squad, the Purdue grapplers may be able to upset the Chicago team. Willey was the only otiier Boilermaker to take a match in the first
meeting.
Hopes Brighten Boilermaker hopes for the matches with Armour Tech will be a little more cheerful. The Purdue matmen scored a decided*^ victory over the Tech squad in the first meet of the season and should be able to take tomorrow’s even without the services of Willey and Gossard. Lederer will take over the 155pound berth left vacant by the two incapacitated grapplers. Coach Reeck will probably enter Berkheiser in the 121-pound class; Allmon in the 128-pound division; Linderman or Dix, 136; Tyrell, 146; Post, 166; Schrieber, 175; and RosSi, heavyweight.
ICE CREAM IN PINT OR QUART PACKAGES POPCORN STILL 15c GALLON Cigarettes — Cigars — Tobaccos
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
“RiEET ME WALGREEN’S" DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
Riveter Track Stars Prepare For Action In mini Relay Meet Entering the Illinois Relays tomorrow with the grim determination to win at least one of the many and varied events, Coach Hermon Phillips was in doubt last night as to whether it would be t6 greater advantage to concentrate his power in the medley relay or the four mile
team race.
In the medley event, four different distances are run—half mile, quarter mile, three-quarter mile and mile, in that order. If the Boilermakers were to make their supreme effort in this event, the probable entrants would be Captain Art Bodeau in the half mile, Luther or Shackleton in the quarter, Torchy Knapp in the three-quarter leg, and Ed Holderman in the mile. However, Coach Phillips reasons that many other teams, especally Indiana, Drake, and Notre Dame, will be concentrating on the medley, so that the Boilermakers would do better to try another event in which they would have a better chance. Strong In. Mile Because of Purdue’s strength in the mile, this event seems to be the Boilermakers’ best bet. It isn’t very often that one team has four men who can run the mile in less than 4:36, and probably very few of the teams entered in the Illinois Relays will have such power concentrated in this event. Boilermakers Bodeau and Holderman can cqver this distance in close to 4:20, Knapp should be able to do between 4:30 and 4:26 and Maro2;ick has been clocked un-
der 4:36.
Of course the Boilermakers will enter in several other events in addition. Luther and Shackleton will probably compete in the special 300 yard dash, a killing extension of the 100-yard dash.
Fencers Cross Foils With Army Tonight P^urdue’s fencing team will meet Army Technical School of Rantoul, 111., tonight on the second floor of the gymnasium at 7:30. Those fencing in the foil class for Purdue will be Hoffman, Maierson and Marden. In the epee class will be Bob Meier, MortiMeier, and Soloff. Stepath and Neptune will use the sabers for Purdue. There has been considerable rivalry between the two schools in recent years with Purdue winning last year and the Army Technicals coming back to win 8 to 9 this year.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SOVARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HIJNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
Welcome Back^ President Elliott For four long months the campus has -received but sketchy phrases of wisdom from Dr. Elliott. We are sure that we are expressing the thoughts of the entire student body when we say—we are glad to have you back. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048^ 1
^ I
3U)oaL CMa,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ThiksiA,
Friday, February 17,1939
Golf Coach Calls For Varsity Candidates Harry Allspaw, Purdue’s new golf roach, ha^ issued the earliest golf call in recent years by asking that all varsity candidates report to the Jrhting cages in ^e basement of ns week between 9 a. m. and 6:30 p. m. Three veterans vill be available to Allspaw with whom to build the 1939 squad. John David, senior mechanical, is the captain for the coming year, while the other veterans are Roy Bass and Gene Anderson, also seniors. With this small array of final year men, the Boilermaker coach finds need of looking to new material for coming teams and he wants all interested parties to see him this week. UCLA Match Offers Test For Rifle Team Purdue’s newly formed rifle team will get its first taste of competition this month when it fires against the University of California at Los Angeles, comparing scores via telegraph. The targets for the Purdue team have been shot this week, and the results will be exchanged today. Fifteen men will record their scores for each team, with the 10 highest counting in the meet. Ten rounds will be shot in each of the four required positions—prone, sitting, kneeling, and standing. With two more matches scheduled this month, the sponsors of this new sport hope that those students who are interested will attend the next Purdue Rifle Club meeting. Net Squad Leaves Today For Return Encounter With Badgers At Madison Vaulted to third place in the Western Conference standings by virtue of three smashing victories over Wisconsin, Illinois, and Minnesota, Coach Piggy Lambert’s Boilermaker Basketeers will embark for Madison this noon for a return encounter with the unpredictable Wisconsin Badgers tomorrow night. The Purdue netters have record of four victories against two defeats, with only Indiana and Ohio State between them and the top berth. Twelve Boilermakers will make the trip to Madison today. They are: Fisher, Anderson, Beretta, Igney, Yeager, Dickinson, Weber, Herschelman, Hutt, Swartz, Barsha and Stamm. Greek Ping-Pong Finals To Be Played Tomorrow At Game Rebroadcast As an added feature of the rebroadcast of the telegraphic report of the Wisconsin-Purdue basketball game tomorrow night, the semi-fin-als and finals of the interfraternity ping-pong doubles championships will be played before the game and between halves. The tournament will get underway at 7:30 and will continue until the game is ready to start, and will be resumed during the intermission between halves. The general public as well as the student body is invited to attend the rebroadcast, to be sponsored by the Gimlet Club. It was announced yesterday that the Illinois game Monday night will not be rebroadcast at the Fieldhouse as station WILL in Champaign is to broadcast the game, which can easily be picked up here.
JLe Air—
"The Voice of Purdue" 11 ;00—Prof. Kobert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue ISTews Flashes 12 :00—Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Sports Keview, Dick Shively 12 :80—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies, Pat Wade 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:16—Monitor Views the News 1 ;30—Children’s Symphony Program. 1:46—^Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2 sl6—^Melody Time. 2:80—Lanterns In China, Mi's. Gordon Enders. 2:46—Pat Wolcott, soprano. 8 ;00—^West Lafayette High School 8:80—^Your Town and Mine. 4:00—Interpretative Speech. 4:80—Radio Club 4:46—Story Book B^ur.
Uniyerity Students(Continued from page 1)
At the present time, a U. S. Airways Communication Station is maintained at the airport, which is also equipped with an ML radio range, or radio beacon, for use in guiding planes into the airport for blind landings. Two runways, both 100 feet by 3,500 feet long, have already been constructed, both for utility and as a research project. In order to make a comparative study of various runway materials, five different types of material have been used in one runway, and seven different types in another. Capt. Aretz In Charge Capt. L. 1. Aretz, airport operations manager, who is in direct charge of the flight training, has flown over 10,000 hours since 1917 when he started his career in the Army Air Service. He has been successfully training pilots for years and during the past four yeais alone has given flying instruction to over 200 different individuals at the Puidue. airport, seven of whom have piogressed to the point where they have received transpoit licenses. As assistants in conducting the piesent C. A. A. program. Captain Aretz has engaged two former students, Jack Harrington, of Bloomington airport, and Lowell Park. Two other experienced pilots, Robeit Taylor and Bert Benninghoff, have been named as alternate instiuctors. ' The ground school work will be under the supervision of Prof. K. D. Wood, in charge of the aeronautical engineering work in the University, who IS recognized as one of the leaders in the field. Professor Wood will be assisted by Prof. J. Liston in navigation. Prof. R. C. Binder in meteorology, and D.D. Baals, graduate assistant, as instructor. 7 O’clock Classes Inasmuch as the flight training is in addition to the regular University courses, ground school classes aie being held each morning at 7 o’clock, with an attendance of appioximately 90 students, including the 50 who aie expected to be regularly assigned to the couise, 20 alternates, and some 20 students who have elected the work. Work in navigation and meteorology, which will continue throughout the entile semester of 16 weeks, is being given each Tuesday, Thursday, and Satuiday morning, while instruction in the civil air regulations and fundamentals of construction of airplanes and engines, which will continue for a five-week period, IS scheduled on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday mornings. Ground school classes were started with the opening of the second semester on Thursday, February 2, so that there was no delay in launch-
ing the actual flight training yesterday. Six Taylor Cubs For the purposes of flight training, Captain Aretz has obtained six standard Taylor Cub training planes of the two-place closed land monoplane type. In addition to preliminary ground instruction, the flying course will include a minimum of eight hours of dual flying, nine hours of dual check flying, and 18 hours of solo work before the student will attempt to qualify for a private pilot rating. Fifteen additional hours of flight training may be given provided it is necessary. The preliminary ground instruction before the students take to the air with their instructors will include a thorough familiarization with the functioning of an airplane, including its controls and instruments. Careful instruction will be given in starting, warming-up, and stopping engines, as well as dangers to be avoided. Dual Instruction Dual instruction will start with taxiing to proficiency, including handling the plane into the wind, in cross winds, down winds, and gusty air. Thorough training in take-offs, straight and level flight, gentle climbs, glides, and turng, 70-degree turns, spirals and approaches for landings, and various types of landings will follow in the dual instruction piogram. Each student will be carefully checked as he progresses from one phase of the flying course to another, and those aspirants who do not show an aptitude will be immediately “washed out” and replaced by an alternate.
Howland Discusses Rise Of Engineering Prof. W. E. Howland, before a large group of interested listeners, gave the second lecture on History of Engineering in the faculty lounge of the Union last night. In his talk he took up engineering from the 18th to the 20th century. With the close of the 18th century the science of engineering was greatly increased, and it wasn’t until this century that enginering had been offered as a science. In 1747 the first school for a systematic training of engineers was established. The word engineer means a clever person, and although the “18th century engineer was a humble man,” he was also an ingenious one, said Howland.
WAA Mixed Recreation: A mixed recreation program will be held in the women’s gym on Saturday afternoon, February 18, from 2-4 p. m. An open swim will be held at 3 o’clock. Any one may attend. —CASE.
end of basketball floor in the Fieldhouse. —BURKHARDT.
WAA Fencing: All girls who have had fencing instruction during the past semester meet in the Women’s gym at 4 p. m. Friday, February 17. —CASE. WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on the bulletin board in the Women’s gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. s—FISHLEIGH.
Exponent Co-eds: Meeting for entire staff Saturday, February 18, at 1:80 p. in. in the Union co-ed office. Stories for next co-ed edition will be assigned. —SCHILLING.
WAA Badminton: The following girls must have their first round of the tournament played by Friday, February 17, or else forfeit: L. Heiser-K. Merritt; M. WardV. Fitch, B. J. Fisher-J. Todd, K. Ade-E. Rubright, D. J. Bates-B. Skoep, V. BlankV. Paterson, J. Cook-R. Wiley, E. HarrisonM. McKee, P. McFarland-M. Baldwin. —FISHLEIGH.
Freshman Engineers: Those taking GE 2, Engineering Lectures, report as follows Saturday, February 18, at 8 a. m.: A-E, lecture room, Michael Golden Shops; F-K, room 264, EE Building; L-R, room 129, EE Building: S-Z, lecture room. Civil Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations will be given Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. in ME 801. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) —BOLZ.
Purdue Engineer: The following report to the Engineer office Friday, February 17 ; A. D. Johnson, J. C. McElroy, L. C. Ruth, R. J. Horth, E A. McClintock, D. S. Leckie, M. E. Packman, and E. A. Shooter. —HART.
Unorganized Students: Any group of unorganized men desiring to form a basketbali team to participate in Intramural “B” basketball should notify the Intramural Office at once. (2-17) —CLEVETT.
History, Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of conditions in History, Economics, and Government will be held Saturday, March 11, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register mith the depaitment office before March 9. (2-19) —ESTEY.
Notices
Frosh Football Candidates: Report in room 106 of the Fieldhouse Monday, February 20, at 4 :30 o’clock. Piactice will start 'Tuesday. Check out your equipment between now and Tuesday during the hours 9-12 a. m. and 1:30-3 p m. —ELWARD.
Mathematics Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 26, in the Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam .^hould register with the instructor who gave the C before February 16. (2-18) —MARSHALL. WAA Badminton: tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. —FISHLEIGH.
University Club: The last opportunity foi making reservations for the dinner Monday is 4 pm. Friday, February 17. Call the Union desk —McFarland
Freshman Swimmers: Report to Fieldhouse pool at 4 p. m. Friday, February 17, for telegraphic meet with Ohio State. —EASTWOOD.
Fraternity Presidents: Please turn In all unsold tickets and money for Interfraternity Ball to me immediately. (2-17) —MANLOVE.
PIA Orchestra: Reheaisal Friday evening, February 17, at 7 o’clock in the tower loom of tho Union. —SHINN
YWCA: Cabinet meeting Friday, February 17, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —KLEIN.
WAA Deck Tennis: All girls in deck tennis tournament must play off first round by end of this week. (2-17) —WALKER.
Sophomore Union Workers: Every available sophomore Union woiker be in the Student Union office anytime after 3 pm. Friday, February 17. Important —McClelland.
Gala Week Committee: Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room on Monday, February 20, at 7 p. m. —BAASE.
WAA Basketball: All girls who wish to play in the intramural basketball tournament must have one practice in to be eligible for the tournament. (2-17) ' —REIMAN.
Beginning Swimmers Class: Beginning swimmers may leceive instructions from Miss Russell at 4 o’clock on Wednesday and Fridays (2-18) —RUSSELL.
Delta Rho Kappa: An important meeting of all members Tuesday, February 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union. —KUNGEL.
Sophomore Baseball Managers: All sophomores interested in baseball managerial positions report to Muehlahausen or Burkhardt at 4 p m. Friday, February 17, at the east
Military Freshmen: Entries in all weights for the semi-finals boxing bouts will secure medical certification at the Student Health Service any time during the afternoon of Friday, February 17, and report to the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. with medical certificate for the semi-finals. Finals are scheduled for the evening of Tuesday, February 21. —BECKLEY.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All make*, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable macnlne* as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersbeff, 60S Main street.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cieam, Indiana’s finest Phone 3028
LOST AND FOUND LOST—In Fieldhouse at Purdue-Illinois game, a flat watch, shaped like a cigarette case, beaiing initials W B. P. Blame Patton, Sports Editor, Indianapolis Star.
Comments (Cont’d.) 1 r
‘Tfind I can be WELL-DRESSED All the time by just cleaning my clothes often, I like the American’s Beautiful Work. So will you!'
iPlion«
LOST MONDAY—Green suede and wool sweatei Silver Elgin pocket watch in pocket Parking lot front of Armoiy. Rewaid. Edwaid Klinker. Phone 56247.
FOR SALE EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x13, quarter fold, high grade, 5,000 to case, only $2.76. Lilly-Lulip sanitary drinking cups. Cabinets leased Phone for samples of napkins and cups.' Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
ROOMS FOR RENT
DOUBLE ROOM—Single bed, continuous hot water, shower, steam heat. 32 dollars with board. 224 Sheetz. 2671.
West- Side Office-
132 Vine Street
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This It all we do, but we do it weN. Opposite Poat Offioa Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Mam Phona 5701
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Florists
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street — Phones 7955—8050
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Dorper's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH
by using the Classified columns of the Purdue I Exponent. If you want to rent or sell something, you can do it best thru—
THE Purdue Exponent
Business Phone — 5038