The Weather Fair and warmer today; partly cloudy and warmer tomorrow.
■* A f Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
FRIDAY
April 28, 1939
/ Laioyette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 168
Ohio Valley Newman Clubs To Convene Today Delegates From Michigan, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio And Indiana Will Meet; Dance At Lincoln Lodge Registration for the Thirteenth Annual Ohio Valley Province Newman Club Convention starts today at 7 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. A reception committee headed by Marion White will welcome delegates from Newman Clubs from schools in Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee. A business meeting for the two '
official delegates from each school will be called to order by Edward J, Brennan, province chairman, of Kent State University, after registration. Eegistration for general delegates will take place tomorrow morning. Following a luncheon tomorrow for all club members, discussion groups will convene in different meeting rooms of the Union. At 4:30 the delegates will meet in a body to elect a province chairman and select a convention site for next year. Dance Saturday Night The Very Reverend Vincent Mooney, national director of the NCCW Youth Conference will be the principal speaker at a banquet to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock. After the banquet, delegates will dance to the music of Harry McCrady and his orchestra at Lincoln Lodge. Newman Club members who want dates for the dance should contact the date bureau for delegates tonight in room 2 or tomorrow morning at the registration desk. Parker Wynn is in charge. The Most Reverend John Francis Noll, Bishop of Fort Wayne, will celebrate mass at 9:30 Sunday morning. After the service the conference will end with breakfast to be served in St. Mary’s Hall. Lucatsky Performs With Modern Dance Groups Tomorrow WAA will be hostess to representatives from five Indiana schools at a modern dance discussion group and recital to be held here tomorrow. Registration will begin at 9:30 a. m. in the Women’s Gjrm, followed at 10 o’clock by a talk on “A Lesson in Technique” by Miss Leyah Lucatsky, a professional dancer of Chicago. A laboratory period of directed dance composition will follow at 11 with the presentation of original compositions by the college groups. The afternoon program, to begin at 2;30, will consist of a recital of original dance compositions by Purdue and Indiana State Teachers’ College modern dance groups, and a program of five solos by Miss Lucatsky. All students and faculty are invited to attend the afternoon program in Fowler Hall. The colleges scheduled to attend the conference are Indiana University, Ball State Teachers’ College, Indiana State Teachers’ College, Butler and DePauw. Metcalfe To Speak At Jeff On Un-American Adivities John C. Metcalfe, special investigator for the Dies Committee, will speak in the Jefferson High School auditorium on May 2 at 7:30 on his experiences as chief investigator for the Dies Committee in uncovering un-American activities. Mr. Metcalfe was in charge of the Nazi and Fascist investigations of the Congressional Committee, and in the course of his work he uncovered facts about the alarming extent of German, Italian, apd Japanese espionage activities in th« . United States.
Gals To Pay Off Eds Tonight At Mortar Board's Bid Dance Surrounded by colorful gingham umbrellas and animals, co-eds will entertain eds tonight at the Gingham Gallop sponsored by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom!. Joe Cappo, who is returning for his second engagement at the Union this year, will furnish the music. Cappo’s first appearance was made at the Scabbard and Blade formal. A yellow and blue backdrop is to be covered with gingham umbrellas f nd animals, and contrasting gingams will decorate the bandstand fronts. Co-eds will carry out the gingham theme by wearing informal cotton dresses. Won’t Name Pledges Mary Alice Learning, chairman of arrangements for the dance, stated that Mortar Board pledges will not be announced until Mother’s day. Distinguished students in the sophomore, junior, and senior classes will be entertained by Mortar Board with a “Smarty Supper” Sunday at 5:30 p. m. The guests and members of the organization will meet in the faculty lounge in the Union. After the dinner Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will speak. Farm Management To Hold Annual Fish Fry Next Thursday A pound of fish apiece is the bill of fare for the annual farm management fish fry, which is planned for next Thursday, at the Rotary Camp north of Lafayette. The outing will begin at 4 o’clock, leaving from Ag Hall. Transportation will be provided. Staff and students in farm management, including rural economics and general agriculture, are all welcome. Underclassmen who have not yet selected their options are urged by the committee to attend. Activities planned for the afternoon include a ball game between the staff and students, as well as touchball, horseshoes, and other sports. Howard Nickey Chef \ Howard Nickey, head chef, promises to have the fish ready at the first stroke of the dinner bell, and assures an adequate supply of both catfish and jacksalmon. After dinner, a brief program will be provided. Rumors are afloat that there will be an initiation into the secret farm management organization, The Loyal Order of Yel16w Dogs, said to be one of the most influential secret orders on the campus. Tickets priced at 36 cents may be obtained from Vernon Hitchcock, or from W. L. Lambert, who is in general charge of the party. Pres. E. C. Elliott... . . . with Dr. Robert Phillips of the Department of History, Economics and Government, adviser to the Purdue Dads’ Association, left Thursday afternoon for Ft. Wayne to speak last evening at the meeting ff the Purdue Alumni Association.
Andy Hsuason f” I ■ k ■ I * nl Faculty Authorizes Plan For New Co-ed Curriculum Tau Kappa Alpha, Courses Will Survey Math,
Chemistry, Physics, And Biology
. . . original trombonist with the famous Wayne King orchestra for over nine years, will play for Saturday night’s mixer. Hansen and his eleven piece band, accompanied by soloist Nova Lucille, hail from the University of Illinois. Ayres Representative Discusses Styling To Suit Each Individual Miss Lois Gertz, assistant fashion director oi the L. S. Ayres Company of Indianapolis spoke at the YWCAWSGA Charm School yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge. Miss Patrick, fashion director for Ayres, who was originally scheduled to speak, was unable to be here. Miss Gertz stressed tne Importance of choosing clothes to suit the individual. Subtle make-up and correct posture are very important in achieving the correct effect of clothes. The new colors and styles for the spring and summer were described by Miss Gertz. The latest clothes for active sports, spectator sports, afternoon and evening dresses were showed by Ayres models. Treva Berry and Kathryn Cooley were chairmen for the Charm School. Methodist Students Sponsor Hike, Picnic A four-mile hike preceding a picnic supper at Happy Hollow, will be sponsored by the Wesley Foundation this evening as the first affair of the spring social program. The group will leave the Formdation house, 436 State street, promptly at five o’clock and hike by way of North Grant street to Happy Hollow. Plans for entertainment include ji Weiner roast, baseball game, and group singing. Tickets for the picnic are priced at 16 cents. Any student registered in the University is invited to attend. In case of rain, a party will be given at the Methodist Church at 7:30. Folk games will be played and refreshments served.
Debate Honorary, Selects Pledges Gene Pechin, Charlotte Finney, Mark Keane and Joe Yamomoto, all varsity debaters, were pledged to Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensics honorary, yesterday afternoon. Selected for skill, effort, and attitude, the four will be formally initiated early in May, when Tau Kappa Alpha holds its annual ban-
quet.
Tau Kappa Alpha undertakes to promote speech activities on the campus, and was responsible for the open forums held earlier in the year. On Saturday, neighboring chapters of the forensic honorary will^ gather here on the campus for a district convention. Approximately 50 delegates from a dozen mid-wes-tern schools will be present for the conference, which begins with a luncheon at noon Saturday, and will be concluded with a banquet Saturday evening. During the afternoon, a mock legislature will be held by the delegates. Each school represented will introduce a bill related to some particular phase of the New Deal. The bills will be discussed by the “legislature” and reported back to the convention. Alpha Lambda Delta Names 19 Freshmen Nineteen girls were pledged into Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for fi-eshmen women, last night at formal pledging services held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Miss Clare Coolidge, advisor for the honorary, addressed the new pledges following the ceremony and stressed the importance of leadership. Barbara Gibbs was pi esented with the award for being the senior Alpha Lambda Delta who has maintained the highest scholastic average for seven semesters. A home economics student, Barbara has also been active in WAA, PIA, Orchesis, and various other campus activities. The new pledges are: Gertrude Arnold, Janet Bourne, Cornelia Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Ruth Collings, Peggy Davis, Patricia Flint, Marybelle Halstead, Mary Ermie Irwin, Florence Justin, Barbara Lommen, Agnes McCulloch, Betty Morris, Edna Nottingham, Virginia Sommer, Bonnie Swope, Enid Pearce Thomas, Betty Wilkinson, and Mary Ellen Wirt.
If You 're Charming, Beautiful, True, Sunday Air Meet
For A Fraternity Queen You Will Do
An experimental curriculum for the Science School featuring survey courses in the exact sciences was authorized at the regular meeting of the University faculty Monday afternoon on the recommendation of the Committee on the Education of Women. The course which will be open to only 30 to 40 freshman women is offered for those who have interests with technical background but are not of an intensively scientific nature.
The girls will enroll in the school of science and will be given their technical background in a series of survey courses; during the first year, survey courses in mathematics and physics; and during the second year survey courses in biology and chemistry. These survey courses will try to cover the basic principles of the science and in addition, a historical background and appreciative attitude toward these sciences. They will try to develop the interrelationship of the
sciences to each other.
Intensive Study
Aside from the survey courses, other courses in the first two years will parallel the present curriculum in the science school. In the junior and senior year it is recommended that no girl should take more than five three-hour courses a semester and that the remainder of the semester hours be done in intensive study in one or more of these se-
lected courses.
A booklet entitled “Progranas for Women at Purdue” is being prepared now, under the direction of Miss Houghton at the Placement Service for Women. This booklet will include a full description of the course and wiU be mailed to all girls this summer who inquire about entering Purdue next fall. Selections will be made on the basis of interviews with members of tiie committee, on the presentation of interest in the program and evidence concerning ability to do col-
lege work.
In the first year, in place of the one semester hygiene course, a year’s course in Personal Living, which will stress the details of personal development in personality and dress, will be given. To Employ Counselor It is hoped that an Academic Counselor may be employed whose duty will be to advise entrants in this course, that they may gather from other courses in the University all the necessary information toward the most successful conclusion to their course plan. The course is directed to answer the questions of those women students now entered in the school of science but whose vocational interests are such that they do not profit particularly from and are inappropriately prepared by the technical scientific training now required of aU students in that school.
Virginia C. Meredith Club To Elect Officers Today In HE Building Election of officers of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will be held in the lobby of the Home Economics Building frond 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. today. Voting will be only during the 10 minute intervals between classes. Nominees are: for president, Jean Shake, Gertrude Monhout, Mary Glen Yeager, and Alice Kellner; secretary, Bonnie Swope, Mildred Harper, and Agnes McCulloch; senior representative, Janet Gaylord, Joyce Winklepleck, and Msrra Lewis; junior representative, Barbara Warren, and Lucille Osborn; sophomore representatives, Mandy Guthrie, Mary Henry, and Pearl Prather. Only members who have paid their fees will be eligible for voting Fri-
day.
Hockema Accepts Acfivities Post Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, has accepted the post of faculty advisor to the Purdue Activities Bureau. The post became final today after the act of Leon Jacobson, president of the Bureau. “The Activities Bureau works so closely with the University administration in its problems that Professor Hockema as assistant to the president, will be invaluable to us in colla|)orating the wishes of the University executives with those of the bureau,” said Jacobson after the appoint-
ment.
The Activities Bureau, which was just organized this year, has had a very successful year in organizing activities upon a standardized basis. Professor Hockema will assume his duties as faculty advisor immediately. Flying Club Invites Four Institutions To
By Beth Simpson Want to be a fraternity sweetheart? The boys do have ideas, you know, of certain qualities that they expect to find in a sweetheart. Mostly it’s sweetness and loo]^ that count, although they do like sweethearts to be true to them. However, each fraternity has its own special way of describing their ideal sweethearts in fraternity sweetheart songs. The DU’S sing to the wonderful girl of DU—she’s as steadfast and true as the sky’s own blue. The Pi Kappa Phi’s are a bit more specific in their demands. A Pi Kappa Phi sweetheart has a wonderful smile, cheeks of rose, teeth of pearl, and eyes that are constant and true. Graces that are charming and dainty, eyes that beam softly and ^ a pledge to be true forever characterize the girl who wears th6 Sig Ep heart. The Pi KA’s dream girl
who puts their minds in a whirl, is as fair as the heavens above. The Sigma Nu’s declare that there’s not a girl who can compare with the one who wears the fivearmed star. The Sigma Chis sing to their :^mous blue-eyed, golden haired sweetheart, or if the occasion demands, to the “Brown Eyed Sweetheart of Sigma Chi.” The Kappa Sigma sweetheart is as pretty as a picture, sweet as she can be. The Alpha Gamma Rho’s dream of the sweet face of their sweetheart beaming in the moonlight, and the Phi Kappas are true to the sweetest girl they know. So you see, specifications for being'a fraternity sweetheart are not difficult. If you’re sweet, pretty, and charming, you have the qualities that make for a good fraternity sweetheart. More power to you.
Four schools have been invited to compete in the fiying contest sponsored by the Purdue Flying Club Sunday afternoon at 1:30 at the Purdue Airport. iThose invited are Indiana, Akron, Michigan, and Kenyon College. Anyone may enter who has five hours of solo flying. Amateurs will have as much chance of winning as more experienced flyers, as was shown by last year’s results. The contest will consist of three events, a 600-foot spot landing with two attempts, a 1,000-foot spot landing with two attempts, bomb drop-
ping.
Entry fee is 50 cents and entry blanks may be obtained at the airport. Spectators will be admitted free. Individual prizes will be awarded to the winner of each event and a grand prize will be given for the gi'eatest total accumulation of points. CAA pilots are all invited to attend and time spent in the contest will count on regular CAA
time.
WSGA Installs New Officers For Year Members of the WSGA Executive and Judicial Boards were duly installed into office last night following a buffet supper at which all members of both old and new groups were entertained at the home of Dean Dorothy C. Stratton. Miss Helen B. Schleman, Miss Claire Coolidge, and Miss June Lippert assisted the hostess. Mary Alice L«aming, out-going* president, turned over her gavel to Ann Sickman, not the first unorganized woman student to hold this position, as was erroneously reported. Other elected officers to assume their positions were Ruth HaU, vicepresident; Paula Zwierlein, secretary; Jane Black, treasurer; Joyce Burnham, jimior representative; Agnes McCuRogh, sophomore representative; June Close and Mary Ruth Craig, freshman representatives.i fc:' iiS'
£dihftutL
THE PDBDTIE EXPONENT
j-JUduMlL
Friday, April 28, 1939
The Purdue Exponent Co-ed editor: Sdlly McKee Junior editors: Joy Johnson, Betty Wickard, Georgann Schilling. Sophomores: G. Carroll, J. Pickering, 6. Simpson, J. Briscoe, F. Totten, A. Densford, M. Butz, C. Sebast, M. Burtsfield. Freshmen: D. Seiss, M. Best, N. Abel, M. Bird. Sports Editor: Georgann Schilling.
Night Editor Wickard
Issue Editor—Johnson
In The Belief... , . . that there are at Purdue co-eds who are not satisfied with their present course, there is to be started an experimental' group. This group gathered from next year’s freshmen co-eds will be given in two successive years a general science survey curriculum in the School of Science as explained in today’s paper. Out of this group and those to follow it should come a wealth of information on the value of intensive training based on a general rather than specific scientific background. Those who enroll under this proposed curriculum will be given expert advice on the line of work into which they hope it will lead them. They will have as a basis on which to build this knowledge, a general background in the exact sciences much as liberal arts students have a background in all arts before beginning their more intensive training. In the final two years of the courses these Purdue co-eds will have an opportunity to delve deeply on their own initiative and following their own line of thought into the material of their selected courses. In a sort of extra inning manner they will do directed study in these courses in order to further their knowledge and accumulate for this added work credit hours toward graduation. These co-eds will have an opportunity to read a book as recommended by Professor Sears as pertinent'to the development of the spoils system in America without feeling that they are robbing time to be spent on physics, without the realization that those enjoyable moments will be paid for dearly at the next German recitation. Interesting it will be to see how the work of these co-eds in other classes will compare to that of students regularly enrolled in other schools. Better it should be, with a more purposeful attitude. Perhaps this is a start toward something along the same line for men; perhaps it is a beginning for more intensive work in all study; perhaps it may even lead to lightening the load which most students of Purdue carry.—^P. S. McK.
There was Beta, grand old warrior dog of the University of Virginia. He had no pedigree, no master, no home, but no dog ever had a more impressive funeral ceremony. Some 1,000 students, faculty members and townspeople attended the rites for the dog which was fatally injured in an automobile accident. , Beta was a whole university’s dog. No fratei'nity house, no eating place at Virginia was unknown to Beta. He was never barred from a classroom. He seemed to take every student as his own ward and was strangely cool toward persons from other schools.
No doubt you realize that this is the last co-ed edition of the year. The last time the members of the co-ed staff gather over town in the wee hours of the morning to “put the paper to bed,” finally wending their way homeward, way past the deadline for co-ed hours. —H-H— Of course with every co-ed edition comes the trading of columns. We always thought it would be fun to try a “Him and Her.” Now that we have the chance, we hope we can make it measure up to the swell column the regular columnist turns out. ' Well, fellows, tonight is the final co-ed bid dance of the year. Gingham Gallop. Did that certain girl ask you? We hope so. Ansrway when you think back over this year and the co-ed bid dances you can decide whether or not you get around—^maybe it’s a clue to how you rate. —H-H— If she has taken you to all the co-ed bid dances you can pat yourself on the back and thing you’re the answer to that maiden’s prayer. (On the other hand she might be just a fish). If she has taken you to a couple of the dances probably she likes to have fun with you, and considers you a real pal. And then there are the gals who pay back their dates. —H-H— Noticeably absent tonight will be the Alpha Ghis. They’re giving a spring formal. The theme of the dance, which will be held in Allfen’s Ballroom, is a farewell to their seniors. Harry McCrady will play for the dance.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
collegiate
By Fairie Totten Some dogs can go more places and win more friends than humans, dog of the University of Virginia.
LUHA TODAY-SATURDAY 2 SWELL HITS! BROUGHT BACK FOR YOUR ENJOYMENT mEm .i. ROBERT L0U11 STEVEMJONT ^ Islamr^
TODAY-1935'» Molt Glorious Triumph I CHARLES DICKENS' omo COFPEIFIIIO
'Mayerling'
... a French movie starring Charles Boyes and Darielle Darrieux, played before a full house in the Electrical Engineering lecture room last night. The movie was brought to the campus by the French group of the Purdue Women’s Club.
WBAA
"THK VOICE or PURDUE"
TODAY ' 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12 :15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—^You and Your Health. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Your World of Vision, The Story of Art. 1 :45—Market Reports. 2 :00—Magic Carpet. 2:16—^Melody Moments. 2:30—Lanterns of China, Elizabeth Crump • Enders. ' 2 :46—Song Time. 3:00—Lafayette Music Society. 3:30—Your Town and Mine. 4:00—Baseball Game, Western State Teachers College vs. Purdue.
By Betty Wickard Show: “Hound of the Baskervilles” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: April 27-29. Sherlock Holmes lives again in the person of Basil Rathbone in Sir Conan Doyle’s greatest thriller, a story of a, ferocious, unearthly beast which haunts the English moors and preys on the Baskerville family. Nigel Bruce is the blundering comical Watson while Richard Greene is properly handsome and dauntless as Sir Henry, latest of the Baskervilles. All varieties of suspects haunt the moors, from a near-sighted doctor, his psychic wife, a crackbrained old man, a wicked looking butler ,and an escaped convict, to the blonde Stapleton and his beautiful sister, played by Wendy Barrie. The moors with all their weird beauty, their deadly marshes and odd Neolithic monuments give an unearthly tone to the whole picture which builds up to a breathtaking climax when Sir Henry faces the monster. A Floyd Gibbons true life adventure, “The Human Bomb,” and a technicolor cartoon comedy “The Peaceful Neighbors” which satirizes war, complete the bill.
HIKE and BIKE SAIL and SWIM
at low cost in GERiyiY
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
wilh RICHARD CROMWELL MARSHA HUNT — and —
-ALSOFIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
You'll be surprised at how little it takes to get around in Germany! Go this summer. Meet and rub elbows with the happy, informal groups of riafure loving fellow-sfudenfs in eager quest of ever glamorous scenic beauty. Knowledge fills you as you hike, bike or falfboaf to the great enduring landmarks of Germany's age-old art and culture. T Visit historic cities: — heralded Heidelberg, glamorous Berlin, Wagner's ' Bayreuth, sublime Beethoven's Bonn, great Goethe's Frankfurt-on-Main, the lovely Rhine-kissed Koblenz, melodious mirthful Vienna hallowed by the immortal spirits of Mozart, Strauss and sweet, lyrical Schubert.» At night, after zealous eventful days, relax in the truly inexpensive, restful quarters awaiting you at modest-priced hotels, or at one of the 2,000 intelligently planned Youth Hostels. Here travel-loving groups win and welcome you into the composite charm of folk songs, country dances, tales- from legend lore and sincere, simple friendliness.
yjy /o “
Reductions in Rail Fores travel Marks" save about
40%
Consult your Travel Agent and write for booklet "C" GERMAN RAILROADS INFORMATION OFFICE 11 WEST 57th STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y.
TODAY-SATURDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
-Plu»-
A Gay Prince of Charm With an Eye For Beauty in a Daring Mixup?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkbly
How long does athlete, FOREST WEBER, think he can live between two fires—CHARLOTTE LOCHNER and the gal back home. One of them will soon wake up WEBER and we hope it’s LOCHNER. WARNING!! \The latest racket being pulled by the eds on the poor _ little WRH’ers is asking for dates on May 6. The catch is, as the gals found out later, their Spring formal is scheduled for that night. We’d like to know what’s happened to the Phi Sigma Kappa—Phi Mu quartet. It is rumored that they were fined for exceeding the speed limit which is fast enough anyway. For Champion Rounder of the Week, the SAE’s have nominated MYRON STEPATH. We wonder why? Old Stuff: SIVITS, SMUCKER, and CARPENTER, the three fresh-' man benderers of East Cary Hall, were out again Tuesday night . . . New Stuff: They succeeded in corrupting the whole Hall this time instead of just the second floor. The Ouija Board predicted for DOTTY QUlNN—a pin. We notice that she is wearing JACK SWANDER’S Delt pin. There must be something to that old bbard after alL It predicted two more pins to be planted this week and they are Alpha Chi Rho’s. How about it boys? And speaking of pins, VIRGINIA REED is now on her second. This time it’s GLEN HUTCHINS’ ATO. What happened to DEAN TODD’S SAE pin. Could be the one POLLY STONE is now wearing. DEE MEEK, Pi Kappa Phi, loaned out his pin Tuesday night, too. MARGE DROLL, Alpha Xi, seems to be the borrower.
T-BONE SUPPER O O EVERY EVENING PUBBUE COFFEE SHOP 619 Vine
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NE^ BEGINNERS' CLASS TONIGHT MAKEUP LESSON 7:00 P. M. FREE OF CHARGE 1 PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Today - Saturday immm
SATURDAY — ONLY — GLORY OF girls: A RIOT OF FUN SI
OLlieS
CAST OF^O
VIRGINIA BRUCE WALTER PIDGEON LEO CARRILLO — IN — 'SOCIETY LAWYER
—ADMISSION — AIL SEATS 25c AIL SEATS 30(
AFTER 2:00:
11:30
fo
1:00 1:00
fo
2:00
15c-30e-40c
“Would you mind keeping my goldfish, Mrs. Fizbee? Junior’s -f coming home from college for the week-end!”I ff
Friday* April 28* 1939 Tennis Team Plays Hawkeyes Today Fuente, Alexander, Manil, Hebbeler, and Blitz left yesterday afternoon with Coach Larry LaBree for Iowa City, la., where they meet the Hawkeyes this afternoon for their first 1939 Big Ten tennis tilt. The entire squad will be entered in the singles match, while Alexander, Mann, Hebbeler and Blitz will face the hosts in the doubles. According to Coach LaBree, the Boilermakers are in fairly good shape and are expected to come through the matches in good condition. Although the Riveters have not shown top strength in their recent matches in the Fieldhouse, the last three days’ practice on the outdoor courts has put them in fairly good shape. Tomorrow they will meet Northwestern at EVanston.
THE PPBDUE ^ EWONENT
Eight Boilermaker Trackmen Enter Relays At Drake Today
Participating in the 30th Drake Relays today and tomorrow at Des Moines, la., are eight Boilermaker track men who left late Wednesday afternoon. The Drake Relays, an annual college meet, attracts regularly the outstanding track and field artists from the South and the Middle West. The men who are making the trip, Forest Weber, Dan Fisher, Art Bodeau, Ed Holderman, Torchy Knapp Merton Clevett, Ray Marozick, and Steve Gutting, will enter either two or three relays. Chances seem the brightest for the Boilermakers in the medley event in which they took third last year. Weber and Gutting will take part in individual performances for the Riveter cause. Weber will be entered in the shot put event, having put the shot 47 feet, 8 inches last
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 AAain St.
• Play Golf
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thie l« eN we clei, but we do Ml well. Opposite Poet Offlee Wallace Block 322 Feny 8t.
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS Students, employees of the University, ana members of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Union Builcnng and at the Fieldhouse at Special University Prices
• Professional
• Florists
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK-0,Da. h^OLD I, RISK—D.D4. LUTHER X. RISK—D.D3. Schultz lulldhia 4h and Main nwno STOl
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flewert Mein at 7th Phone 0056
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Saturday for a new Boilermaker record. He will also be entered in the discus throw, mainly for the experience which can be gained by competing in these meets. Gutting In Hurdles Gutting is entering the 120 yard high hurdles in which Fred Wolcott of Texas is the favorite. Wolcott holds the world’s record in this event and last year, when only a sophomore, broke the Drake Relays mark with a 14.2 seconds performance. Gutting, despite the fact that he has been unable to ge^ much practice outdoors so far, is in good shape and has run the distance in 14.7. Other laurels to Wolcott’s name include first place in the national collegiate high hurdle event in Milwaukee, and first in his specialty in the National AAU meet at Buffalo. Another notable expOfeted to enter the 120-yard high hurdles is Billy Brown of Louisiana State, the youngest member of the 1936 United States’ Olympic team. He also serves heavy duty on the Louisiana State track team. Harry Ketnmer... . . . CE ’28, outstanding back guard of the Purdue basketball team for three years^ has had a successful first y;ear as coach at the Dasrtona Beach Senior High School. His team won the Florida State High School championship in basketball.
Boilermakers Meet Western Illinois Today At 4 O'Clock; Wargo Will Pitch
Fehring Will Start Lineup Which Faced Irish; Thompson May Hurl For Visitors Dick Wargo will handle the pitching assignment when the Boilermaker baseball squad meets the Western Illinois State Teachers in the first of a two-game series ihis afternoon at 4 o’clock. The Purdue batsmen are expected to face one of the country’s outstanding hurlers in Rube Thompson, Western Illinois pitching ace, who struck out 20 men in a no-hit game — — — against Augustana last week.
Same Lineup
Coach Fehring plans to use practically the same lineup that Has worked together so far this season. Although not scheduled to re-enter the conference race until the Indiana games on May 5 and 6, the Boilermaker squad is eager to return to its winning stride after the defeat by Notre Dame Wednesday. Dickinson, Thompson, and Art Bredewater were the only batsmen to connect for Purdue against the superb pitching of Norvall Huthausen Notre Dame hurler. Yeager, erstwhile catcher, will again play right field in place of Ross Dean. Batting order for the Boilermakers will be Dickinson, cf; Lyboult, 2b; Stamm, If; Mackiewicz, 3b; Smithson, lb; Thompson, ss; Yeager, rf; A Bredewater or Fisher, c,
and Wargo, p.
Following a supper and rough initiation, formal initiation was held last night at the WAA cabin for eight Purdue Sportswomen pledges. The girls initiated were Martha Schroeder, Rosemary Vandiver, Dons Peterson, Jean Bailey, Catherine Mounce, Joyce Davison, Betty Smith and Betty Spears. To be eligible for initiation the girls must have 1,000 points and have satisfactorily completed pledge duties.
—WAA—
Tomorrow and Sunday approximately 160 girls from Chicago University, Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Purdue will hold an outing at the Dunes State Park. Any Purdue co-ed may attend upon the payment of 25 cents for lodging and 50 cents to a dollar for bus fare to
Miss Fraser. —WAA—
The Kappas downed Wards 2 and 4 in yesterday afternoon’s baseball tournament. Next week’s schedule includes on Tuesday, Alpha Xi vs. Wards 1 and 3, and Pi Phi vs. WRH; Wednesday, Chi O vs. Kappa, and Wards 2 and 4 vs. Alpha Xi; Thursday, Wards 1 and 3 vs. WRH, and Pi Phi vs. Chi 0.
Buy Yolir ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
What is your LQ. on Style? (For Men Only)
White handkerchiefs should always be worn with white shirts _YES __ NO Answer- Although white handkerchiefs are perfect with white shirts, there’s a steadily increasing trend toward colored handkerchiefs thatjhai’monize or contrast with'' your tie. Arrow handkerchiefs, 26c up. Arrow ties, $1 00 & $1 50
Shirt sleeves should fall below the cuff of your suit coat „ YES _ NO Answer. Yes, from one-quar-ter to three-quarters of an inch of your shirt cuff should show beneath your coat sleeve And the best shirt to show IS an Arrow $2 00 up
Cluett, Peabody & Oo, Idc , Xroy, N T.
Football Squad Kears End Of Spring Drill With Gala Week approaching and interest in football running high the Boilermaker squad is preparing for the intra-squad game before the alumni. May 6. Mike Byelene IS doing very good running behind blocking, which is steadily improv-
ing.
Halfbacks who seem to be showing fl3ning colors are John Galvin, Chicago, and Red Carter, Indianapolis. Bob Kersey, Indianapolis, shows promise as an up and coming quarterback. Intramural Schedule TENNIS SINGLES
Today
4 00 p m Alpha Tau Omega vs Phx Delta Theta Theta Xi vs Alpha Gamma Rho or Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Chi vs Kappa Sigma Delta Tau Delta vs Tau Epsilon Phi Delta Upsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi Delta Chi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Alpha Mu TENNIS DOUBLES 4 45 p m Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Chi or Phi Sigma
Kappa
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Pi Phi or Phi Kappa Sigma Theta Xi vs Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Nu vs Beta Theta Pi
BASEBALL f Today
Diamond
1— Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi 2— ^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Kappa
Lambda
3— Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Delta Theta
4— ^Acacia vs Pi Kappa Alpha
6—Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau Epsilon
Phi
6— Sigma Chi vs Sigma Pi 7— Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8— ^Triangle vs Phi Pi Phi 9— Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Theta Chi
Charles B. Murphy... ... of the history, economics and government department will deliver the commencement address tonight at the Scott Township High School, Angola. Tau Kappa Epsilon... . , . social fraternity, announces the pledging of William Jessup, Goshen, and Ellis D Verink of Indianapolis
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Q. How close to ground should trousers hang** A. Pegged trousers should hang just low enough to touch your instep at the bottom laces Straight-cut trousers should touch between the bottom lace and the back of the toe cap, and should have one slight “break” above the instep
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE DRUGS • SODAS • SUNDRIES N. J. ARTH, '37 . D. N. HANSELL, '37 PHONES 4094 - 4095 — WE DELIVER
Q. Is there such an animal as a comfortable pair of shorts ^ A. T}iere is . . . and they’re Arrow shorts Arrows haven’t the center seam you find in so many shorts — the seam that makes shorts chafe and ride up. Arrow shorts, 65c up Undershirts, 60c up.
Mother’s Day, May 14 GIVE HER YOUR PHOTOGRAPH By Hinea’s
634 Main Streef
Phone 7775
1/ it hasn’t an Arrow label, it isn’t Arrow
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Decker's
Whether she is near or far awoy« member your Mother with on attractive Mother's Day cord. We handle Hallmark cords-—you'll like their attractive designs and appropriate wor^ttnga. Also see our special Mother's Doy greetings for Wife« Aunt* Grandmother^ and others.
518-20 Main St.
Decker
Phone 6477
'‘I
1OdA,
THE PUBDIFE EXPONENT
^nticoA.
Friday. April 26. 1939 0
PERSONNEL NOTES Company: Stewart-Warner Corp. Chicago, 111. Representative. Wm. Steinwedell, Secretary Training Committee. Visiting Purdue: Soon to interview ME, EE, ChE, and science engineering seniors interested in business administration. The company offers a one year training course. Beginning salary $25 per week. A $2.50 per week raise every six months. Those interested may sign up in the main office of their school.
Company: Babcock & Wilcox Co., Columbus,., O. Representative: G. J. Shoeffow. Visiting Purdue: Saturday afternoon, April 29. Interviewing: ME and CE seniors for drafting and engineering work in the company’s Barberton plant. These interviews are not to select men for the company training course. Representatives will visit Purdue at a later date for that purpose. Schoeffow will interview the seniors for jobs to commence in June. Those interested sign up with Professor Solberg or Professor Petty.
Cla$^Yiecf Ads
Friday, May 1-6, at 5 o’clock, in room 161, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. First semester students, with G’s for spelling, Whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room 211, University Hall, on Monday afternoon. May 8, at 6 o’clock. —WYKOFP.
Exponent Staff: Members' of all staffs please sign banquet list in one of the three offices. Sophomore and freshmen editorial staff members please notice new schedules in Union office. (4-28) —HARDIN,
Scriveners: Last guest meeting Sundw, April 80, at 7:80 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members pleaSe come. ManUscfipta accepted. -JUSTIN.
Kappa Beta: Important meeting in room C of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Monday, May 1. —REES.
MISCELLANEOUS
WAA Archery: There will be archery practice Thursdw and Friday, April 27 and 28, at 4 p. m. Those wishing to enter the intramural _ tournament must have at least two practices. Tournament starts next week. —MOREHOUSE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, April 28, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —AYASUN.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Modem Dance: Rehearsal at 4 p. m. Friday, April 28. Report to Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance. —KNIGHT, SICKMAN.
WAA Baseball: Tuesday, May 2, at 4 p. m.: Alpha Xi vs. Wards 1 and 8; Pi Phi vs. Residence Hall. —COOK.
Roger Williams Club: Members of the Roger Williams Club are invited to attend the annual spring picnic at Big Rock Saturday, April 29. Meet at the 'West Lafayette Baptist Church at 1 p. m. Bring 25 cents to cover eats and transportation. —SWANSON.
LOST—Bottom half of green Parker Vacumatic fountain pen. Reward. Call Bob Deckard, 86703.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Tuesday, May 2, in the Union ballroom at 7 p. m. Attendance compulsory. —ZIMMER.
Knowledge Plus Pleasant Demeanor
E. ROVER—CONTRACTOR for carpenter, cement and brick work. Excavating. Phone 4737.
Aoiices
Fraternity Presidents: Regular meeting of fraternity presidents will be held Tuesday, May 2, at 7:26 p. m. in the Union. Ask at desk for room. Both incoming and outgoing officers must be present. Full attendance is necessary. —DEAN.
Gold Pepper Pledges: Compulsory meeting Friday, April 28, at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office for all pledges. —COOLEY.
Best Soldier Contestants; Be sure to have your uniforms back from the cleaners for the Best Soldier Contest, 1 p. m., Saturday, April 29. —DOAN.
Scabbard and Blade: Annual picnic will be held at 6 p. m. Friday, April 28, at Barton’s Beach, located off Route 26 at Wild Cat Creek. Trucks will pick up passengers at the Armory at 6 p. m. —NOVAK.
Scabbard and Blade: All members report to help at Best Soldier Contest Saturday, April 29, at 1 p. m. —ZIMMER.
YWCA Officers: Installation of officer’s postponed until Tuesday, May 2. —KLINE.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 ^NOW for pick-up.
Independent Men: All independent men who wish to enter the ward golf or tennis tournaments _ sign up on the entry blank on the bulletin board outside the intramural office immediately. (4-28) —MIDDLETON.
will go a long way toward the much-coveted popularity. But even they will fall down when garbed in carelessly kept clothes that need cleaning. REGULAR cleaning and pressing will do the trick. YOU will like our work, bring us your clothes.
Freshmen Engineers: All divisions of GE 2 meet at 8 a. m. Saturday, April 29, in Fowler Hall. Attendance will be checked by seating lists. If you do not already know your seat number, check with the list in Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
English I, Spelling Class and Exam: A spelling class will meet Monday through
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party Saturday, April 29. Meet at the Christian Church at 9 p. m. All members please attend. —MANGUS. Activities Bureau Sophomores and Photographers : Keys can be obtained at the office every day at 4 p. m. until Saturday, .cApril 29. —JACOBSON.
BARGIES WING TIPS 12 Styles
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
BRICK ICE CREAM
DAD’S PLACE
We will cut them and sell 70#'
So
you a pint at 15c £/%,
Handy
$mim STYLES Swcmky CREPE or LEATHER Soles for Sport or Dress. Truly outstanding VALUE for THRIFTY Men who Dress Well.
VALUE YOU WONT FIND ELSEWHERE
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FIKE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Accent on l\omance
The latest fashion magazines have been telling you that styles are going definitely feminine. Frills, ruffles, flowers and soft folds are taking place of the less feminine formals. He'll remember you often as you look in one of these enchanting gowns.
Beguilingly young — with a hint of period Influence in their voluminously full skirts and flattering neck lines. You'll welcome the grand variety that marks the formal gowns this season. We present a fascinating collection of all the latest dresses. The dresses are all priced in a range that you will be able and willing to pay.
$7.95
TO
$45.00
Phone 5900
415 Main Street
^iowe^d an iQL
amoap
Enhance her beauty by presenting her with just the right kind of a corsage. There are flowers for every type — sophisticate, demure or junaesque.
Qtahlc Qo,
Phone 5432
527 Main
ATTENTION!
Lest You Forget -A Yellow Cab is quick and economical. Just the thing for the occasions of the year. Take a cab to the Cotillion.
YELLOW CAB 5023 PHONES 3071
T i
All Organizations; Any organization wishing to participate in the University Sing should have a representative present at the meeting of song leaders Friday, April 28, at 4 D. m. iri Reception Room of the Union. CREPPS, RICHARDSON. ASME; Indianapolis motor speedway qualification pit passes will not be isBUed until the 2nd or 3td week in May. IVatch for an announcement at that time. (6-2) —ERR.
\Y
tij,
li'j,