K^J^yti ) ^ ^ > "* T W « i’’ 1^ fP ■'^■' ^ f"^ '* '^)^'^-* ^ '' } " t ^ j^ ^ ^ ^ t ^ ^ ^■*<'* ^ f^-^
/ r «. #
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Oi Purdue University
thirdue Exponent
FRIDAY Septendber 23, 1938 Lafayette/ Indiana
VoLSO
No. 9
Students; Band, To Stage Young Trophy stake
As Seniors Prepare
Exponent Issues Call For Business
First Pep Session Tonight For Annual Parade Staff Freshmen
Passport Distribution Only Eighty Per Cent Complete; Books Needed For Saturday Game
Tonight Purdue football fans will meet in front of Deac’s in the village at 7 o’clock and march up Grant to Stuart field for the first pep session of the year. State police and the Purdue military band will escort the rooters to the field. This afternoon Skull and Gres- ■
cent members will lay the bon-fire on Stuart Field. A platform will be built, for speakers, near the fire. Head Coach Mai Elward will introduce the speakers. Co-Captains Mihal and Humphreys, along with as-sistant-coach Mackey, will speak. The entire first team will be introduced during the evening.
Fraternity Banners
Fraternities have been asked to paint appropriate banners and signs, but they are requested to keep fraternity insignia and Greek
letters off the signs.
The session is sponsored by Gimlet, Skull and Crescent, Gold Pep-
pers, and Reamer clubs.
“Lets start the season out right by giving the team our wholehearted support,” stated Carl Swan,
Gimlet president, last night.
“Stubby” Meiers, head cheer
WBAA introduces
'Purdue Scrapbook' Prof. W. C. Aitkenhead, head of the agricultural engineering school, will play the leading role of “Old Timer,” in the new WBAA program, “Purdue Scrapbook,” it was announced yesterday by W. E. Ash, in
charge of production.,^'
Aitkenhead graduated from Purdue .in 1902, and has been on the University staff for many years. Prof. H. G. Venemann, of the ME department, had the role when the “Scrapbook” was presented in the season of ’34-’35. The part of “Hal” will be played by Clark Langworthy
ChE ’39.
“Traditions,” first of the “Scrap-
, , , , , ,, book” series, will be presented this
i afternoon at 4:^. Script for the program was written by Helen Wal-
school yells tonight.
Yells
Yea Purdue and Spell It Out Yea Purdue! Yea Purdue! P-U-R-D-U-E Purdue Old Purdue Yell Purdue Purdue Rah Rah Purdue Purdue Rah Rah Who Rah Who Rah Bully for Old Purdue. Boilermaker Yell Boil-er-mak-er rah rah rah rah Boil-er-mak-er rah rah rah rah Boil-er-mak-er rah rah rah rah Yea Yea Yea. Yea Purdue Fight Yea Yea Yea. Purdue ^ Fight Fight Fight Fight ' Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Fight Yea Purdue Fight. Riding Club Plans Early Sunday Ride With members expecting to get up at 6 a. m. for the breakfast ride Sunday, the University Riding Club began its second year of activities on the campus. About 80 students turned out for the meeting last night in the Union Building, a sizeable increase over last year’s membership, and plans were made for this Sunday’s ride. Start At 7 a. m. The breakfast ride will start at 7 a. m. at the stables, and continue over gravel roads west of the University to Rudy’s, where breakfast will be served. Charges will be 76 cents, including breakfast. Anyope who was unable to attend the meeting last night may call on Mary Mather 4099, and apply for membership. Lessons will be given to inexperienced riders who wished to join, president Irvin Summers explained. Church Groups Plan Two Hikes For Students Today Westminster Group invites all Presbyterian and Congregational students to join them in a hike to Happy Hollow this afternoon. The group will meet at 4:16 p. m. at Westminster House, 129 Sheets
street.
There will be a charge of 16 cents each, or 26 cents per couple, for the picnic supper. Roger Williams Club, of the Baptist Church will hike to the home ^ of Prof. W. R. Wiley tonight, for a hamburger fry. The group will meet at the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 4:46 p. m. There will be a charge of 16 cents.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair Friday and Saturday; warmer Friday, continued warm Saturday.
Prior to the Purdue-Detroit football game at 2 p. m. tomorrow in Ross-Ade Stadium, the annual senior class parade will be held, starting at 1:30 p. m. from behind the Armory. The seniors are requested to assemble there at 1:16 and to form into their respective groups. Leaving the Armory, the parade will go up University street to the Stadium, marching around the field, then to their seats on the west side where they will sit en masses. The order in which the classes will march in the parade is as follows: Home Economics, Science, Agriculture, Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Public Service, and Pharmacy.
Sunday afternoon at 2:15 in the Union ballroom, a series of lectures for freshmen eds and co-eds interested in business training will be started by the Exponent Personnel Staff. Designed to give the newcomers an idea of the work involved in publishing a collegiate newspaper, staff members of the Exponent business staff will present short talks on their different types of work at these lectures. Next Thursday in the tower room of the Union at 7 p. m., another series will be given and at the last meeting on October 4, J. E. Walters, personnel director of the University will discuss student activities and their value in later life.
Bud Bryant...
BlushingRhinie Has Day; Seniors Shorn At Library^ Union Doors By Frosh Mohs
. . . swing stylist, who will preside at the annual Skull and Crescent sponsored Freshman Mixer tonight
in the Union ballroom.
ters, Sci. ’36. Alpha Zeta Plans For Freshman Reception Agricultural freshmen will have an opportunity to meet fellow classmates as well as many upperclassmen and staff members at the annual Freshman Reception which is scheduled for Thursday, September 29. The social program will start at 7:15 in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. Purpose of the meeting is to acquaint freshmen with staff members other than those with whom they have contact as well as to familiarize them with some of the activities on the Ag campus. All of the major clubs, societies, and associations will be represented on the program with stunts and a few words of explanation. The function is sponsored by Alpha Zeta, agricultural scholastic honorary. The program will not be long and refreshments will be served. Purdue's Army Gets Under Way With First Corps Day By Colonel Beere, PMS&T The Purdue ROTC unit started its activities for the year at its first Corps Day yesterday morning. Since there were so many fi^eshmen who were not acquainted with the rudiments of “squads right, to the rear march, and battery halt,” the corps did not pass in review on Intramural Field. Instead, R. R. Hannas, Cadet Colonel in command of the first brigade, drilled the corps in a series of command systtem exercises. As has been the custom on a corps day immediately preceding a football game, head coach Mai Elward ascended the Brigade platform and gave a short pep talk concerning the coming Detroit encounter. Following Elward’s pep talk. Stubby Meiers led the corps in two or three rousing Purdue yells, and A. P. Stewart added a final touch to the..tpep session by leading the brigade in a couple of verses of “Hail Purdue.” Book Exchange... . . . officials urge those students who have not as yet collected their money or unsold books from the exchange to do so as soon as possible. The Union office will remain open the rest of the week, after which the final report must go in. Faculty To Meet Monday In Stanley Coulter Hall Regular meeting of the Fj^ccjlty will be held on Monday, September 26, at 4 p. m, in Stanley Coulter Hall.
By The Roving Reporter
Armed with paddles, razors, and determination, the heretofore back- a i ■ ■ r T ward and bashful Purdue Rhinie last night drew a bead on the nearest iiOndlSSIOn TO
convenient mustache and proceeded to assert himself in a bold and none-too-gentle manner. ^ ^
About nine o’clock last p. m., groups of from 15 to 25 pot-bearers be- rr0$ilii|10||l ifl
gan to mill around the Library and Union Building entrances. As soon as a mustache bedecked being (senior or no) appeared on the scene, he was promptly separated from his prized foliage by these aroused fresh-
men.
Beseiged within the Union and Library, the seniors called their fraternities for assistance which soon arrived in cars. With the aid of their classmates, the embattled upperclassmen fought their way to the autos and freedom. About 11 o’clock, the groups joined forces in front of the Chocolate Shop 200 strong. But the mob soon broke up because of lack of seniors and the intrusion of upperclassmen fraternity brothers. “And they didn’t even use lather,” moaned one cookie-duster-less cord wearer.
Ballroom Tonight
Graduate Council To Sponsor Free Party In Ballroom
University graduates and the Graduate Council composed of faculty, members will dance at a free -party in the Memorial Union Building ballroom next FridlaY night, September 30. Preceding the dance, a reception with deans and heads of schools on the receiving line, will also be held in the ballroom. This is the first time that graduates have been given a dance of their own. Arrangements for the evening are under the direction of a committee of graduate students with the assistance of Student Union workers. According to those in charge of dance, graduates are encouraged to attend whether they have dates or not. All will be welcome and tag dancing will be in order. The reception will start at 8:30 and music for dancing will begin promptly at 9.
Senate Meets, Will Not Vote On Tie Yet At its first meeting of this semester last night in the Memorial Union Buil^ng, Student Senate voted to keep the two junior co-eds tied for Senate home economics positions in the organization until the beginning of the second semester. At that time the co-eds will be entered on the ballot with the freshmen petitioners and the tie will be broken. Due to the fact that there is a scarcity of co-eds in the Student Senate at a time when they will be urgently needed because of the NSFA convention here in mid-win-ter, the Senate voted for their retention. Primarily a meeting for first semester organization of the activity, the Senators last night appointed committees for the rest of the semester and set the time for future meetings, as alternate Tuesdays, starting October 4.
^Purdue^s 70th Birthday’ To Be Theme Of 1939 Debris
By Jim McKee
Seventy years ago, in 1869, Purdue University was founded. On this date the 1939 Debris will be built. The book will review pictorially the old campus, characters, and scenes, and will compare them with the present plant^
To carry out the comparison. Edi-
tor Winter and his staff have decided on a yellow and blue color scheme. The two colors being popular colors 70 years ago. In most cases the yellow will feature the old scenes and the blue the new. Old Style Type Old style type and pictures bordered by heavy gilt frames will add to the old idea. The cover is to be heavily embossed, as books were in the days of the University’s founding. The printing will be in old fashioned type. Following the senior pictures will come the feature section. This will include a pictorial review of the year’s happenings. Included in this section will be the beauties, the May Queen, prom and ^la week
committees, aviation, and the vari-
ous dances.
Debris Beauties The beauties, will be compared to' a page of beauties from “way back when.” The beauties themselves will be dressed in old fashioned dress, with informal shots to accompany the formal shot. Still carrying out the idea of comparing the old with the new, organizations will be compared with their predecessors . Oval pictimes will be featured and the division pages for the sections will be in the form of a scroll, rolling away the new to show the old. The book as it stands promises to be just a bit larger than the
1938 book.
Freshmen will officially begin their University social life this evening from nine to midnight in the Union ballroom, dancing to the sophisticated rhythms of Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra. Free to freshman eds and all co-eds, and sponsored by Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, the annual Freshman Mixer will be the starting point of many a Rhinie’s college career. Admission to the dance will be by presentation of the pot-wearers’ green passports. Freshmen will be able to recognize an active member of Skull and Crescent by his gold
sash.
A 20-foot white backdrop will pictorially represent the idea behind the dance. The board consists of a large green pot in the center with ’42 written across the brim. On either side is a black and gold skull and crescent. The friendship and welcome of the sophomore class is being extended to the class of ’42. Wives Of Labor Leaders Shown University Campus Between 40 and 60 wives of delegates here for the annual convention of the Indiana Federation of Labor visited the University yesterday afternoon. Short talks of welcome and about the University and its work were made by R. B. Stewart, controller, and T. R. Johnston, publicity director. The visiting women were then shown about the campus by G. W. Sample, of the publicity staff, and D. C. Pfendler of the school of agriculture. An inspection of the Memorial Union Building and its equipment, of the Women’s Residence Halls, of the School of Home Economics, and of the flower gardens near the horticultural greennhouses were on the itinerary which ended with a tea in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. WSGA Grants Two Dances Late Hours Two o’clock hours for Military Ball and Sophomore Cotillion have been granted by the WSGA Judicial Board, and as in former years, girls who attend the Prom must be in their places of residence one hour after the orchestra stops playing. If breakfast is being served there, men may stay one hour longer. These are the only late hours that will be allowed by WSGA. Any organization that hires a band until one o’clock need not expect WSGA to grant any special privileges. This year, all social regulations were decided at one meeting of the board, instead of at special meetings called prior tb each dance.
Wisconsin Ticket Side Starts Next Monday Distribution of student passports is about 80 per cent complete, according to an official report received last night. Students who have not as yet called- at the ticket office for their books are warned that admissioh to Saturday’s football game can be obtained only by presentation of a passport. Beginning Monday, the ticket office will accept coupons for reserved seat tickets for the Wisconsin and Indiana games. Early applications will receive seating preference. The coupons may be turned in singly, or if several students wish seats together, may be turned in in blocks. Seating Arrangement The seating arrangement at the games will be as in former years, a separate section for each class. Applications turned in for group seats, therefore, will be honored with tickets for the lowest class section represented. Two junior coupons, for example, turned in with two sophomore coupons will net four seats in the sophomore section. Presentation of a passport at either gate 2 or 6 of Ross-Ade Stadium, which are designated as student entrances, is all that will be necessary for admission to the Purdue-De-troit game tomorrow afternoon. Gate 2 leads directly to the student section of the Stadium and is for the use of students only. Late News - Bulletin BOSTON—Disease and famine threatened thousands of refugees in disaster-ridden New England tonight as rivers neared the peak of their flood stages. The death toll from floods, the hurricane and tidal waves reached 366 in five New England states, and the toll was mounting by leaps and bounds.
PRAGUE—Czechoslovakia had a form of military dictatorship tonight with the government headed by General Jan Syrovy trying to control the rioting masses, who threaten to disrupt peace proceedings. BERLIN—German news agencies reported tonight that Czech troops had fired on celebrating Sudetens on the Eger frontier, killing 16. LONDON—Angry crowds rioted near the residence of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, protesting the sacrifice of Czechslovakia to Adolf Hitler. Radio Club Outlines Plans For Coming Year In First Meeting Of Hew Semester Opening^with a reorganization meeting last Tuesday, the University Radio Club began its activities for the new year under the joint sponsorship of C. G. Hylkema and M.» T. Gannon, assistants in the electrical engineering school. President J. W. Kittner presided over the meeting which was attended by 65 students. A brief outline of the club’s activities was explained, and the new control and receiver systems were discussed. The club’s station, W9YB will be used to exchange news of campus interest with other Universities. The next meeting will be held Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. At this time an election of officers will be held for the purpose of selecting a vice-president and seeretary-treasmrer. AH persons who have registered in the University and are interested in amateur radio are invited to attend this meeting, President Kittner stated last night.in
£dib)Jaat
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
3>aaiuJaiA
Friday, September 23, 1938
Safety Valves,.. . . . are necessary in most any steam system. A good Boilermaker, with all his engineering heritage, is no exception. He needs a safety valve—about every so often he must let off a little steam. Mr. Boilermaker, reading today’s Exponent, will see headlines announcing “Pep Session Tonight” and, being by nature quick of perception, he will realize that this is the chance he has been waiting two weeks for-^the first golden opportunity to let off steam. The more superheated this steam is the better—and this will be not uselessly exhausted but used, as in most truly efficient systems, for preheating purposes. Pep Session... . . . spirit can do certainly as much and possibly more good than game time cheering. Coaches and players will be there tonight to speak to the crowd and add their bit to the building up of that pre-game enthusiasm and spirit that can send the team into the field against Detroit tomorrow with victory already in their blood. Mr. Boilermaker will be there to let off steam and he’ll want to do it in the most advantageous way. The bonfire will warm him up a bit, the pep talks yull build the pressure and then the cheerleaders will pull the cords to open up Mr. Boilermaker’s safety valve—if Mr. Boilermaker is sufficiently smooth and hasn’t allowed himself to become rusty or too stuck up. An important factor in this blowing-off process is the cooperation of Mr. Boilermaker and the cheerleaders. The cheerleaders will try to pull the strings but in the past they’ve had a little trouble with snarls. Even as recently as last Saturday they found freshman strings pretty badly tangled up. For a while it looked as if the freshmen were out to pull the cheerleaders’ leg and the resulting impression was that the frosh steam was a little undercooked. We Can Overlook... . . . that, perhaps, for after all new Boilermakers have to learn their trade. These freshmen will probably get the idea tonight when their more experienced upperclass fellows set them a good example.
the Purdue Exponent
RBPRB8BNTKD POR NATIONAU ADVBRTI8INO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADtsoN Ave. NewYohk, N. Y. Chicaoo ■ BosTOK ' LOS AnoKLis - SAN Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917; authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sun^mer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager..
H. I. Stanback R. R; Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF
aging ] Edito
City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager... .E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. P. Berg Sales Manager .....V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director _.... .__D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor... Sally McKee Associate Editors..- - - Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
.—R. L. McDonald : J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Rbom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
Editor^ Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor;—Wist Friday, September 23, 1938
BCM)-,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Lafayette merchants this year are going to help in this pep-building process. In former years it has been quite a task to find fuel for the bonfire. It has even been hinted that wood from University buildings in process of construction has been used occasionally. This year, however, the town’s business men have offered to furnish quantities of the wooden ingredients which form a blazing center for the pep session shindig. ,
^J^im and Jder
By Georgann Schilling
Energy will be needed to keep up with this week-end’s activities which begin with a pep Session at 7 o’clock. The annual freshman mixer will hold the spotlight later in the evening with Bud Bryanf’s band furnishing the music. Saturday’s events include the senior parade, the Detroit game, and the senior mixer with Lou Breese scheduled to appear in the ballroom with his unusual “breeze rhythms.” Lou was a popular favorite in Chicago this summer where he played at the Chez Paree. —H & H— Shell-rimmed spectacles are the newest fad to be taken up by thg elite of the campus. A number of both eds and co-eds have adopted this new type of glasses for smartness as well as for eye-preserving purposes. —H & H— To have to remain in Lafayette while the football team goes away for a game will not be such a let down this fall for according to the present plans, each of the out-of-town games^ with fhe exception of the Butler clash will be broadcast. WBAA is planning to bring the games to the fans by telegraphic rebroadcast method. , —H&H— The Pi Kappa Alpha boys claim to have given the first serenade last Monday night. They sang to the residence hall girls and a number of sororities, much to the delight of the co-eds. —H & H— If the new Gimlet pledges are required to carry out any of the duties enforced on last year’s pledges the campus will reverberate with music and song again. It was quite a treat to hear last year’s pledges lift ther husky voices to the tune of “Hail to Old Purdue” at 7:30 in the morning. —H & H— One of the most unusual hobbies we’ve heard of for a co-ed is that dtf Lois Hollingsworth, sophomore engineering student. She specializes in airplanes,^ and now has her permanent pilot’s license. Lois, who is one of the few Purdue co-eds interested in flying, is a member of Chi Omega sorority.
Spinach
By Betty Wickard
By Betty Wickard “For a happy, youthful effect, daytime clothes should look as if you could run in them,” says Travis Banton, Hollywood designer, in an article in the current You magazine. Banton likes light-weight fabrics, and uses them.in capes and coats that swing gaily behind you as you walk, as well as in bouffant evening dresses. Edith Head of Paramount believes that crisp outlines in daytime clothes' give that confident feeling for comedy scenes, and dresses Martha Raye and Gail Patrick in taffeta, pique, and other crisp fabrics. “Whereever the lines of your figure are good, reveal them,” is her philosophy, and accordingly she deplores tight fitting, drape clothes as useful only in a spy “mellerdrammer.” Omar Kiam, like all the rest of the Hollywood designers, believes that color has a marked effect on the mood of the wearer. Travis Banton says that childhood associations condition each individual differently to colors and that you must dress in those colors which to you represent gaiety. However, it is often unwise to be bound by fixed ideas concerning the colors you think you can wear.
Often the colors that were unbecoming to you as a child may now be perfect on you. Green used to seem to us one of the hardest colors to wear, but now it is one of our favorites. Another mistake women often make in regard to color, according to Travis Banton, is to wear the colors that happen to be the fashion at the moment. He believes that in doing this you close the lift that color can give by making you feel individual and different. You cannot be gay and charming when you are bored and even a “middle-aged” dress can contribute to that weary feeling. Edith Wead believes in giving your outfits a “face-lifting” by the use of flowers, jewelry, belts, or even a new hair-do. Gaiety and youth are the key- ' notes of dress today; no longer is it fashionable to wear somber or super-sophisticated clothes. We who are young are the lucky ones, so let us not “hide our light under a bushel basket” but appear in the gayest of styles and colors.
To the many kiddies who have been troubled by the failure of the circulation staff to deliver their daily Exponents, be of good heart. Practically every subscriber has suffered the same lack of attention. One of the most urgent complaints came from R. C. MILES, who titled the bit of correspondence as “Complaint No. 3.” He ended the outcry with the query “Do I get my paper or not?” Must be a freshman. Such crust!
For those interested, it wasn’t BOB HUGHEST’s sister who stayed with him last week-end. The true identity of the gal has been discovered, and it seems to have been his Northwestern flame, SCOTTY DENTON.
ELLA LOU SEXSON has lost the song in her heart, and the Phi Psi pin from’her collection. JOHNNY WALKEY goes around with a dazed expression on his face. The reason for all this confusion is that these two who wei’e formerly that way about each other, have parted company. And neither can hear sweet music anymore.
And speaking of gyps, the Phi Delts certainly have a kick coming!! After all the fuss and struggle involved in pledging 14 rhinies, they only had 8 names printed in the pledge list. It looked a little i>ad for the boys, especially When their record was compared with the SAE’s and the Sigma Nu’s who are the two groups still classed in- competition with the Gary Halls.
OUR THEME SONG: Writers in the dog-house Looking for the door Might as well stay right inside There’s always room for more. The DU sophs have really been working on the senior mustaches. DAVE GIBSON lost his in an outnumbered struggle. Editor STANBACK also has a lip which is now half clean-shaven and half decorated. GABONARGI keeps his because no one can see just where it is.
WE SAW AROUND: Cute CORRIENE REIFERS doing her studying in the library; a new freshman queen (identity unknown ) wearing gold crosses in her ears for decoration; BILL ASH whispering sweet nothings into his lady love’s ear at eight in the morning; JIM NESBITT joeing in the Shop with somte hero-woi’shiping
‘Anything wrong with my face, dearie? All the customers have been counting their change lately.”
co-eds; JOHN HOPKINS sporting a full-grown moustache. FAMOUS LAST LINES: “Little Willie in the best of sashes Pell in the fire And was bui’ned to ashes. By’ ’n by the room got chilly. But no one wanted to poke up Willie.” (By Schnitzel, with permission of the copyright owners).
LEARN TO DANCE A Private Lesson Will Be Given Free of Charge Monday, Sept. 26,7:0O P. M. To Those Wishing to Enroll in Our New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS ADVANCED CLASS OPENS TONIGHT—7:30 P. M.
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Freshman Tour Planned By Ceres Plans for the annual ’ freshman tour of the Soils and Crops Farm October 7 were completed by Ceres, agronomy and general agriculture honorary, at an organization meeting in the Union Building last Tuesday evening. Freshmen agriculture students desiring transportation to and from the farm will meet at Agricultural Hall at 4 o’clock that afternoon. Agronomy staff members will conduct the tour. Committees were also appointed to arrange Annual Ceres Essay Contest and the Agronomy picnic.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
usMieru
'■ f - i
1 I
S^ *
'' i
Friday^ September 23/1938
THE PURDUE
§fMh1-A ■
EXPONENT
Traffic Guide Eliminates Stadium Auto Problem By Robert J. Deckard To prevent any potential traffic hubbub and eliminate any unusual cdrcumstaMces that may inconvenience spectators with autos in the vicinity of the Ross-Ade Stadium during future football games, Robert Woodworth, acting University athletic director, composed a Football Traffic Guide recently which is being sent to ticket holders outside the area of the Tippecanoe county. Spectators intent upon parking near tl^ Stadium and traveling on U. S. Road 52, the Guide shows, should continue to Cherry Lane, turn right, and proceed south to park to the rear and right of the Stadium. Visitors with cars entering West Lafayette on Indiana State Road 26, or on State street, may turn left on Grant street and Northwestern avenue, and use the parking zone opposite the Fieldhouse. U. S. 41 Cars Park Opposite Fieldhouse Fans on U. S. 41 should turn left on State street, left on Vine street, continue on Northwestern avenue, and park their cars in the zone opposite the Fieldhouse. Indiana State Road 43 travelers may proceed to and turn left on South street in Lafayette, turn right on First street, left on Main street, continue to State street, move right to Northwestern avenue and park on the lot opposite the Fieldhouse. Football rooters on U. S. 52, from Indianapolis, U. S. 31, and Indiana State Roads 26 and 25, from Kokomo and Logansport, respectively, should ^turn right on the by-pass near Lafayette, continue to U. S. 52, north of West Lafayette, turn left and enter Cherry Lane to park in the rear right of the Stadium.
DAD’S PLACE-Sc/ Handy Offers you a complete new stock of everything in our line. Everything as fresh as money can buy. Dad gives as fast service as human hands can work.
Genuine Derby Hats No Imitations NEW! NEW! 50« DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
New Fall Stocks lit
• Curtains • Curtain Goods
• Panels • Drapery Material
Have Just Arrived! 'Fieldcrest” Zion Lace Panels
Beautiful creations in light weight, open mesh lacy weave. Tested for consumer serviceability by an independ-
ent testing laboratory, 2V4 and 2V^ SI 7S
yards long, 50 inches wide.
$1.50
and
Per Panel
We Make Curtains and Drapes to Your Special Order! Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main St.
f
lelder's*... ....choice
This year’s Boilermaker squad is developing some excellent blockers . . . Hennis and Shackleton have been showing very well in this respect during the entire pre-game practice period . . . good interference is essential for good running plays and it appears that there is going to be plenty of the right kind of interference on the Purdue squad this year. —fc— Always strmng to make a more interesting sports page for the readers of the Purdue Exponent, new ideas and new things are constantly being tried ... readers opinion is of primary importance in continuing these new things and in changing old . . . we would like to hear more from our readers. Starting with tomorrow’s edition, B. D. Witwer will be writing our permanent column, ‘Fielders Choice’ . . . the Sports Staff feels fortunate in obtaining the services of “Bruce” . . . for three years he has been a member of the Exponent staff, and it is a pleasure to include him among our number during his fourth and final year at Purdue. —^fc— Witwer, a senior in the school of chemical engineering, is a member of Triangle fraternity . . . many times he has achieved “Distinguished” rating ... as a result of his scholastic prowess he is included among the members of Phi Lambda Upsilon, Tau Beta Pi, and Scabbard and Blade. —^fc— In addition he holds the rank of Lt. Colnel in the corps ... he is a member of the student senate and has won his letter as a quartermiler on the Boilermaker track squad . . . his home is in Dayton, Ohio .. . we feel that his versatility and writing ability will make an interesting column .
SOFTBALL—REGULAR GAMES Friday, September 23 Diamond 1— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2— Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Chi. 4— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 5— Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Nu. 6— Phi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Theta Xi. 8— Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Pi. 9— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi. 10— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. 11— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Theta Tau. 12— ^Acacia vs. Delta Tau Delta. 13— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Up- , silon. 14— Phi Kappa vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 15— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 16— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 17— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Chi. ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Friday, September 23 4:15 P. M. H. E, Walker vs. Robert Lange. George Frye vs. Shirl Murphy. Art Lutz. vs. Matt Brinduse. O. W. Brackman vs. John Schnaible. H^rry Dentman vs. J. E. Kerwin. R. E. Frazier vs. Fred Elley. Terry Reed vs. W. P. Thompson. A. Johnston vs. I. Smulevitz. G. J. Frey vs. Robert Kirkpatrick. W. P. Vandeinse vs. G. E. Leiendecker. J. H. Johnson vs. Gerald Clark. R. W. Kimmel vs. H. W. Weiner. D. L. Douglas vs. J. H. Marshall. Tom Hindman vs. P. H. Moninger. D. E. Monger vs. Fred Richards. G. H. Lovett vs. J. Powell. 4.45 R. R. Hull vs. Robert Klein. George Gust vs. E. J. Balaishis. Phil Miller vs. C. G. Paddock. Frank Branner vs. Paul S. Sorsyth. R. S. Howe vs. L. D. Pruitt. Carl Shadrick vs. P. F. Leininger. Daniel Daley vs. Robert Bosart. D. Saques vs. Walker Curry. Bob Mefford vs. R. E. Lucht.
the Purdue Expc^f^nt Service Directory
• Florists
• Bookstores
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER \
• Jewelers
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
R. ). BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
ANNOUNCING
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads--
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE ^FOR RENT FOR TRADE You'll be certain to contact your better market through the new classified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at Business Office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
• the Purdue Exponent
Boilermakers Taper Off Drill For Detroit Titans '6' Team Faces Illinois 'B' Squad in Preliminary Tilt; Athletic Department Host To Boy Scouts Tomorrow. Boilermaker gricJmen started tapering off their preparation for the invasion of Detroit's aerial artists here tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock with an intensive review of play details, with particular attention to blocking assignments against different types of defenses.
Elward’s respect for Detroit’s deceptive attack was apparent as he devoted considerable attention to perfection of defensive strategy, placing emphasis on the necessity for constant alterness to combat the Titan’s aerial offensive. Drill on Kick-Offs A considerable part of the drill was devoted to kick-offs and receiving kick-offs. Lou Brock, Paul Humphrey, and Augie Momingstar were the most consistent hooters on kick-offs and one of the trio will probably draw the assignment in tomorrow’s opener. All indications points to a recordopening day crowd for the season’s debut, which will be preceded by a preliminary game between the Purdue “B” team and the Illinois “B” team starting at noon. The crowd will be swelled by between* 6,000 and 7,000 Boy Scouts who will be the guests of the athletic department for the afternoon. Approximately 1,000 Titan rooters will fol- .> low the team to Lafayette from Detroit by special train and automobile.
WARD MANAGERS Ward athletic teams 4, 5, and 14 are badly in need of managers! Independent men interested in managing a ward team should apply at the intramural office.
TYPEWKITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebers^off, 605 Main street.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 50c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
SAX MAN WANTED—Call 4916.
WANTED — For dance band — trumpej, trombone and bass Call immediately 5384.
Dorais Plans To Show Experts Up In Purdue Battle Planning to show mid-western grid experts and fans that University of Detroit football teams stack up favorably against Big Ten teams Coach “Gus” Dorais and his 'Titans completed preparations for their game with the Boilermakers and BULLETIN ! Bill Schauer, crack left end and nucleus of the Detroit effective passing attack, turned up with an injured knee yesterday that required hospitalization. It is very doubtful that he will face the Boilermakers tomorrow, according to the Titan coaching staff.
will travel to Logansport, Indiana, today. The Detroit squad will spend tonight in Logansport, moving on to Lafayette Saturday morning. Entering the game on a par with the Purdue team since both squads have had only 11 days of actual practice, the Red and White defense probably will be somewhat ragged. To compensate for these limited practice opportunities. Coach Dorais has been concentrating on the job of whipping his experienced men into two teams. He will start 10 lettermen and one sophomore against the Boilermakers and will have a good sprinkling of lettermen on the team that will be substituted as a unit.
:er PENS from $2,75 to $10 Start the Fall Term at school on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
DECKER BROS.
PARKER PENS
518 Main St.
Phone 6477
Pen and Pencil Sets <395 to 515 Start the Fall Term at College on even tenns with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
GERRY MOHLMAN
434 Main St.
Phone 2954
HOW MANY CAN YOU ANSWER? Thts book has the Answers to these and scores of other Questions: 1 Ohio has 24 electoral votes (True or False^) The area of Kansas is twice that of Kentucky (True or False^) 3 President McKinley was assassinated in 1902. (True or False’) 4. Shanghai is the Capital of China (True or False’) Over 1000 useful facts indt|ding Postal Rules, U. S. Presidents, Population of pnncipal Cities and Countries; Facta about the Earth and Planets; etc .etc
Thousand-Fact Reference and DAILY MEMO-DIARY
with purchase of a bottle of Parker <)uink at 15c or 25c —the Amazmg New fTnirng Ini That Ends PeH'Clogging
tery. Get Qum* and
Answer Book to-
day at any store sellii^ ink Offer good only in
U.S. A.
Now! Accept this offer! Made solely to induce youtotryParkerQumAs —thenewmiraclewritingmkthat makes any pen a self-cleaner. QuinA; dissolves deposits left in a pen by ordinary inks—ends clogging. Always rich, brilliant — never wa-
IMe Hr n* JWker Act 0».WB A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—^Principles of Sociology, T. K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12i45—Market Reports. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—^Vocational Guidance. 2:15—Musical Moments. 2:30—Jefferson High School Program. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats by Julius Born. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Purdue Scrapbook. 4:45—Story Book Hour,
—Tomorrow— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano, 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Market Reports. 12:15—Street Broadcast. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Tun^ Time, Charles Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—The Man-on-his-way-to-the-Game. 1:45—Detroit vs. Purdue, football game.
AxaL adA,
Notices
Ushers: The fellowing men report to the Stadium at 4:00 p. m. Friday, September 28, for assignments for football games; H. A. Alter, V. J. Anhorn, L. E. Armstrong, U E. Aull, R. J. Aull, K. A. Baske, G. B. Baumle, R. R. Bedwell, H. M. Behrends, R. A. Blank, G. R. Bloomquist, Carl Bordenca, D. V. Bremerman, A. D. Brown, M. A. Brunk, Robert Campbell, R. P. Carter, L. L. Chaflfee, E. Chatham, J. W. Clark, R. L. Clark, W. B. Clarke, H. M. Coifing, G. Craig, James Crank. T. F. Dann, J. K. David, H. C. Dees, F. E. DelaCroix, J. A. Delacroix, E. W. DeWitt, J. H. Dinius, P. S. Dinius, J. Dorsky, J. D. Downey, R. W. Ely, C. J. Fahrner, G. G. Ference, N. M. Foote, L. E. Freyman, H. A. Fuente, W. H. Fuller, K. E. Jordner, J. E. Glaiden, J. B. Greiner, L. J. Haverkamp, L, D. Hess, H. J. Hibshman, L. E. Hiddle, V. L. Higdon, J. E. Hluckan, P. W. Hobson, V. E. Holmes, W. L. Hostetler, T. F. Jelnick. G. S Johnson. Lee Karns, M. A. Keller, E. C. Kelly, S. G. Kona, C. E. Kramer, H. R. Krick, C. Lavengood, Paul Lopshire, L. E. Lucas, J. H. Lux, R. D. McCreary, W. D. McEachron, W. E. McMillan, J. W. Mazur, R. C. Meleney, Fred Mentzer, C. B. Miles, J. O. Mills, Cash Mitchell, Milton Munson, Max Munson, L. A. Nesius, R. C. Newman, H. E. Nickey, S. A. Noblet, S. T. Novak. W R. Ott, K. T. Painter, J. Philip, W. Poser, F. N. Prater, W. C. Prechter, C. F. Reed, A. M. Reguly, Roy Regterink, P. A. Reznik, W. E. Roby, R. W. Rohrabaugh, G. F. Roquemore, F. T. Sarginson, W. E. Scherrei, E. Sbapiro, E. B. Skubick, L. W. Small, W. J. Smith, John Snowball, W. E Steward, C. M. Stuart, L. K. Swing, D. R. Troyer, F. C. Tuxworthy, D. D. Utter, J. Vanderford, J. C. Weist, T. R. Wetherold, R. Wente, M. F. Wildish, J. E. Wunderley. —SANDERS.
A mother is attending Hunter College in New York while her two sons, 12 and 14, do the housekeeping. “I get more from my boys than many women do from their girls,” she said.
Ag Upperclassmen; Students interested in
Y
-and I defy any capitalist in the crowd to defy me!”
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side oi Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
New Fair Clothes tailored to your individual measurements Suits and Top Coats $30.00 and up ^Hailor made is best made^^^ sparrendahl tailor FOWLER HOTEL BUILDING
THE PORDUE EXPONENT
Friday. September 23. 1938
working on the Agriculturist please report to the Agriculturist office in Oie Union at 6:30 p. m. Friday, September 28. —KINGSLEY.
Glee Club; Special rehearsal Tuesday afternoon, September 27, at 6 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER.
Senior Metallurgists: Meeting Friday, September 28, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. Important. —PETRY.
Purdue Engineer—All salesmen meet in the Engineer office 4:16 Friday afternoon, September 23. —SCOTT.
Roger Williams Club: All those participating in the hike to Prof. Wiley’s home, gather at the West Lafayette Baptist Church Friday, September 23, at 4:4B p. m. -WRIGHT. .
Police: The following men report at the Stadium at 4 :00 p. m., Friday, September 23, for assignments for football games. W. G. Abolt, R. E. Baily, Art Baine, S. S. Bacbarack, J. D. Baker, N. B. Barsba, D. N. Beatty, R. A. Beck, M. Bell, D. F. Blemker, A. C. Bodeau, J. E. Bosse, R. W. Brady, L. G. Bussell, C. W. Caress, E B. Carr, R. W. Conrad, F. L. Danowski, R. H. Dean, T. K. Dickinson, J. T. Doan, J. A. Emmert, Curtis Ester, B. L. Fisher, A. V. Gaulke, Carl Gordon, S. H. Gutting. A. C. Harmsen, Tom Harris, F. C. Hedges, Rex Herbert, E. C. Hirschelman, N. Hunt, D. D. Hutt, R. L. Igney, Harold Krueger, W. D. Lahey, H. J. Lucas, S. G. Luther, J. C. Lyboult, J. H. McAfee, R. B. Marozick, R. J. Massoth, E. P. Navta, W. A. Nuetzel, Les. Oliver, F. J. Olsson, Cecil Polk, Roy Riggs, C. F. Ruppert, F. H. Sprow, R. L. Stallings, M. L. Stamm, N. R. Swartz, J. L. Thompson, G. Tredwell, John Vernon, E. J. Wadleigh, J. A. Walkey, R. A. Wargo, W. J. Waterhouse, Frank White, F. G. Witsman. —SANDERS.
Purdue Peace Committee: All members are requested to meet in room C of the Union at 4:30 Friday, September 23. Very important. —CULP.
Seniors: Form east of Armory at 1:16 p. m. Saturday, September 24, for senior parade. —ELLIOTT.
Freshman Engjneers: Engineering lecture
Glee Club Juniors: Be at game early Saturday, September 24. —WORCESTER.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
HAVE YOU TRIED RUGER’S Sliced
The Freshest Thing In Town!
seat assignments in Eliza Fowler Hall for all divisions will be posted in Michael Golden Shops 'Iliursday morning, September 22. This list will be moved to the corridor of Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 a. m. Saturday, September 24. —KNAPP.
board. Juniors feeling they have the proper recommendations should state them in petition form. All petitions must be in the PIA office by 6:00 p. m. Monday, September 26. —WELLS.
Student Health Workers: Pay checks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with physical examinations during registration. . —MILLER.
Gold Peppers: Get your passports at the Fieldhouse and bring them to the meeting Friday, September 28, at 5 p. m., in room F of the Union Building. —COOLEY.
Senior Mechanicals: Meet in front of the Mechanical Building for organization and count before the parade at 1 p. m. Saturday September 24. All senior mechanicals. VKo urged to be present to make parade attendance for the trophy 100 per cent. —HARVEY.
Registration Workers; Students who worked for the Registra during the September registration maV obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
Radio Cltab: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 p. m. —GANNON.
WAA Hockey; All girls interested in WAA field hockey are urged to attend open practice Friday, September 23, at 4 p. m. . —SHAFFER.
Military Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29th. —HOLMES. P. I. A.: Position of Men’s Activities Chairman is vacant on the PIA executive
Co-ed Life-Savers: Meeting Friday, September 23 at 4 o’clock in the WAA office. —ORGESON.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon, Saturday, September 24. —RISING.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers: Permanent schedule is as follows: Monday— Carroll, Burtsfleld, Butz, Sphlitter; Tuesday —Pickering, Simpson, Jakes ; Wednesday— Short, Miller, BriscoeT'Sebast; Thursday— Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten; Saturn day—Short, Miller, Joy. (9-27) —McKEE.
Co-ed Archers: Call out Friday, September 23. Check out equipment at gym and meet at range at 4 o’clock. —BALCON.
Senior Mechanicals: Assemble for parade Saturday, September 24, at 1 p. m. in front of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —HARVEY.
WAA Hockey: All girls interested in WAA field hockey are xirged to attend open practice Thursday and Friday, September 22 and 23, at 4 p. m. —SHAFFER.
Christian Church Students: All freshmen who are affiliated with, the Christian church are to be guests at the annual freshman banquet which will be held Friday, September 23, at 6 p. m. in the First Christian Church located at Sixth and North streets, Lafayette. Upperclassmen may purchase tickets at 20 cents from Bairton Hunter. —CRISS.
Come Out Saturday and Back the Boilermakers \ but be sure to have your suit Crown Cleaned and Pressed first.
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
't ■
-I s''
t Have To Joe To Get
As winter approaches the campus it is time to begin planning your wardrobe. To be popular and well dressed you must choose your clothes wisely. You will rind our styles excellently tailored with full cut, drape shoulders, which adds inches to any man's shoulders. Come in and see our selection. We feel you will find something to your liking.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
On the Books
Yes, fellows and gals, now’s the time to buckle down. The school year is on its way, so here’s to luck for all of you.
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048