=f^s»
' '(^i -'^
J
• t
J\
/>
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorrow; somewhat colder today.
Purdue Exponent
'I?'-
Z-ISS
FRIDAY FebracDcy 24# IS^ lofaydtfe# bidiciiia Vol. 50 Ho. 122
' I Parade I > I oi Opinion | • A Week-by-Week Review of College Thought and Action on Important Topics of the Day. lillllliHIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIillliliilliililllllllllliilllllli By Associated Collegiate Press
• Reds " Always a sure-fire publicity measure for attention-seeking politicians calling colleges and universities “red” and “communistic” is again fast assuming an important role in state legislative councils. Investigations have already been proposed in Oklahoma and Colorado and one is brewing in Ohio under the sponsorship of the American Legion. Though most institutions admit that their students learn about isms in the classroom so that they can know what is going on in the world, most of them vociferously deny that thes isms are advocated as a form of government better than U. S. democracy. The polls of student opinion and the views of student writers and speakers certainly prove that the great majority have no faith in isms of any kind. On the other hand they actively defend one ism—Americanism—and they do it with strong words and clear cut actions. Here’s what representative students have to say about the “red” inquiries. “Democracy has nothing to fear by comparison. Only when we have no contrasting government do we be come unmindful of the advantages of our own system. Free speech is the safety valve which allows for the dissipation of anarchistic energy and gives us that change to compare our own country with more restricted ideologies. It is the safety valve that would be destroyed if the Legion succeeds in its attempt to destroy the harmless pink shadow.” —Miami University Student. “Every year or so some of what William Allen White calls ‘hardboiled young guys who like swashbuckling around in Sam Browne belts at the state meetings’ take it upon themselves to save America for democracy. Last year, the stigma of communistic sentiment was on Kansas University. Now the smoke has blown away and we hardly remember the fire. Predictions are that the same thing will happen • in the case of the Oklahoma purge.” —Southern Illinois Teachers College Egyptian. “There is little which can do more harm to the teaching profession than such recurrent campaigns. Not only do they destroy the faith that the general public must have in its teachers, but they also provoke the over-zealous watchdogs of legislative chambers to blows at academic freedom. Thei e is but one word for the whole episode: regrettable.”— Harvard University Crimson. • Planes The sale of U. S. war materials to foreign nations, brought out into public debate by the crash of an airplane being tested before sale to France, has the nation’s collegians divided in opinion on foreign policy as clearly as it has the rest of the U. S. public. However, most collegians feel that
Band Leader Art Kassel, who will provide the music for the annual Women’s Pan-Hellenic Ball tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom.
Plays Tonight Debaters To Leave
For Tournament In Manchester Today Nine Purdue debate teams will leave at 9 o’clock this morning to compete in the annual debate tournament at Manchester College, North Manchester, Ind. A total of 68 schools from eight mid-western states will send 248 teams to compete in the tournament, one of the largest in the history of the school. Debating will start at 1:15 p. m. today, with teams in group A, the group for experienced college debaters, opening the battle. Including the judges who will accompany the teams, there will be over 500 people in attendance at this event, which makes it the largest of its
kind in the world.
Purdue will send a total of five varsity, or group A teams. They consist of two affirmative teams composed of Joseph Yamamoto and Mark Keane, Don Paarlberg and Maurice Karnowsky; and three negative teams made up by Robert Sasser and Robert Buckles, Richard Springgate and William M. White, and D. J. Quinlan and Rich-
ard Spraker.
4 Teams In B Group Four teams will represent the University in the B division. These are composed of George Alward and Robert Skallerup, Seymour Uddell and Gordon Belles, Raymond Todd and John Strange, and William Etter and Lee Standish. Members of the speech department who will accompany the teams are Prof. P. E. Lull, R. M. Horn, L. S. Finch, J. E. Dietrich, and R.
D. King.
Purdue entrants will begin with their debates at 1:15 today. Some of the outstanding universities and colleges who will meet the Purdue teams include Indiana, Notre Dame, Wabash, Oberlin College, Wayne, Northwestern, Western State Teachers College, and Albion Col-
lege.
It's Getting Warmer Says Weather Man Warmer and warmer the weather is growing, despite the popular conception to the contrary, according to the weather records of T. H. Hill, University weather observer. Wednesday’s highest temperature was only 25 degpes above, while yesterday the highest temperature was 30. However, the lowest temperature Wednesday night was 9 above, and the lowest yesterday was
5 above.
The low of 5 is the lowest temperature which has been recorded here this year, but the temperature has been that low several times. A temperature of 63 recorded several days ago was “unusual,” according to
Hill.
Freshmen Vote Tie In WSGA Elections Because of a tie, the results of the election for freshman representative, held at a WSGA mass meeting yesterday afternoon in the women’s lounge of the Union, cannot be announced. The representative will be selected after a decision has been reached on how the tie may be brok-
en.
During the meeting. Miss Marian Willoughby, of the clothing and textiles department, talked to the group on “Hobbies.” Miss Willoughby stressed the fact that it is not necessary to Inake a material collection to have a hobby. To prove her point, she mentioned several of her friends “whose hobbies were not collecting, but good music, astronomy, and getting acquainted with people.
if the move will bring the U. S. into an alliance that will eventually force us into war, they are against the sale of war supplies. They do feel that such sales should not be kept secret. The George Washington University Hatchet believes that the President should back up his declaration that “We are against any entangling alliances,” by selling arms to all nations. “If he maintains that principle until the end of his present term, he will undoubtedly go out of office a far more popular man,” the editorial said. On the other hand, the University of Kansas Daily Kansan believes with many others that President (Continued on page 4)
*'Doodle-Doo-Doo' To Introduce Art Kassel At Pdn-Hellenic Ball
“Doodle-Doo-Doo,” that’s the melody that will introduce Art Kassel to dancers at the annual Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance tonight in the Union ballroom. While attending school in Chicago, Kassel studied music, but when the United States entered the World War he enlisted and was sent to France in the American infantry. Shortly after the war the maestro made his debut as a band master when he and some of his high school friends played in a small Chicago hotel. Encouraged by his success he began to seriously devote himself to the musical world. His climb
to the top was gradual but continued. Starting with a four-pice band he kept building his orchestra until he had a full-sized unit. Some of his compositions have been patriotic, but those best known are of the swing type. “Around the Corner,” and “Hell’s Bells” are the
best examples.
Ticket stubs may be exchanged for programs any time today at the check room in the Memorial Union, Building. Tickets are still available to sorority girls and may be obtained from Virginia Steele at the
Alpha Xi house.
Athletic Booster Clubs To Sponsor Pep Session In Fieldhouse Tonight At 7; President Edward C Elliott To Speak
Activities Bureau Issues Final Call To Frosh Workers
Tonight IS the deadline for all freshmen who wish to fill out blanks for application to the Pui'due Activities Bureau. The Bureau has been interviewing for several nights, and all freshmen that are interested should repoit to loom B of the Union at 4 p. m. today. Freshman work assignments will begin next Tuesday afternoon, according to Leon Jacobson, director of the bureau. Any freshman wishing to sign up for work must report before this time and will find his assignment to committees in the notice column of the Exponent. Work on the Activities Bureau is to consist mainly of interviewing, personnel, general office work, secretarial work, and production of the activities movie. Work for freshmen for the remainder of the year will be representative of the type carried on in the bureau during the
year.
Walters Exhibits Hobby Paintings Showing the lesults of a hobby, 34 landscape and still life sketches by J. E. Walters, University director of peisonnel, aie now on exhibit in the Union music loom. In lecent yeais, the Personnel Service has suggested to students in choosing a hobby, that they select three or foui and try each one of them for a time until they actually know which one they enjoy the most. These sketches are the result of such a progiam m which Walters tried golf, fishing, and painting. The pictures will remain on exhibit until March 4. Faculty Meeting The regular monthly faculty meeting will be held on Monday, February 27, at 4 p. m., Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected.
WBAA Will Dedicate Campus Varieties To Carmichael, lU The life and music of Hoagy Carmichael will be featured on the “Campus Varieties” program dedicated to Indiana University which will be broadcast over University radio station, WBAA, at 3 o’clock tomorrow afternoon.. Featured perfoi’mei s on the hourlong program, under the direction of Hank Miller, will be Bill Martin and his orchestra, the Men’s Glee Club led by A. P. Stewart, Pat Heine, Ben Burns, and Russ Mock. The orchestra will play some 25 of Carmichael’s noted tunes, while the Glee Club will sing several of his songs, as well as participate in a dramatic skit written by Robert Shinn concerning the writing of “Stardust,” best known tune of the Indiana composer. Other features of the program will include the reading of messages received from President Wells of Indiana University; Pete Costas, owner of the Book Nook where Hoagy spent a great deal of time while a student at Indiana, and from Carmichael himself. The program is to be recorded as it is broadcast for the purpose-of rebroadcasting at a later date. Bill Bardo To Play For Frosh Dance George Gershwin, Irving Berlin, “Rigoletto,” anything, is to be expected from Bill Bardo and his band when they play for the Green Potter’s dance tomorrow night in the Memorial Union ballroom. All the members of the band are singers as well as ipstrumentalists. Bardo himself plays the violin, trumpet, trombone, and piano, besides singing. A freshman queen will be chosen by a popular vote of all freshmen attending the dance. Every freshman must present his passport at the door in order to participate in the vote and balloting will cease at 10:30 in order that the queen may be announced by intermission. The committee in charge x’equests that all candidates be present at that time. The dance is open to all students and tickets may be purchased for the regular mixer price of one dollar. Camera Club Exhibit To Begin School Tour Forty-two mounted photographs which will make up the Camera Club’s traveling exhibit are now on display in the second floor corridor of the Union. Arrangements have b^en made with 10 universities to exhibit the collection in their Union Buildings. These photographs were chosen by Professors Kohl, Bray, and Tetrault, from 60 which were submitted last week by the club members. The collection will be on display at each school for a week. The prints will be exhibited at the Universities of Pensylvania, Rochester, Brown, Colgate, Michigan State, Illinois, Minnesota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas, Student'sFatherDies George C. Hai-t, of West Lafayette, died yesterday, following a six weeks’ critical illness. For 22 years he had been assistant civil engineer on the Monon railroad. He is survived by Mrs. Hart; a daughter, Virginia, who is a sophomore in mechanical engineering in the University; and a brother, H. L. Hart, of Tucson, Ariz.
Military Honorary Signs Cappo's Band For Annual Dance Joe Cappo and his orchestra will return to the campus for the second time to play tor tne Scabbard and Blade annual formal dance Friday evening, March 3, in the Union ballroom. , Formal announcement of spring pledges will be made during the intermission. Attendance is restricted to members, pledges, and their guests, bringing the total to about 400 couples. Formal uniform will be worn by the members and pledges while either tux or tails' will be in order for the guests. Novel Decorations Bob Heine, chairman of the dance, has promised something novel in the way of decorations for the dance. “Something never before seen in the ballroom,” was his statement, but he refused to divulge the secret. The organization, maintaining a precedent of former years, has ruled out corsages for the evening. Bids for all actives and pledges may be obtained from the supply room of the Armory from 1:30 this afternoon until 4:30 Tuesday afternoon. Associate and honorary members may also get their bids at the supply room. Prof. Hass To Speak At Buffalo University Prof. H. B. Hass, hehd of chemistry department, has been selected to give two'of the Foster Lectures at the University of Buffalo this year. He will discuss results obtained in the chemistry department in the past 10 years in nitration and chlorination of saturated hydrocarbons. The Foster Lectures are supported by an endowment established to bring to Buffalo each year a few of the outstanding leaders in the field of chemistry. 1 Kappa Sigma... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of James Sauer, River Forest, 111. Alpha Chi Rho.... . . . announces the pledging of Robert Howkinson, of Cedar Lake.
Time: 7 o’clock. Place: the Fieldhouse. Occasion: Super pep session. Gathering in the Fieldhouse toilight for the second basketball pep session of the season, students will hear President E. C. Elliott recite some experiences from his sojourn in the Philippines. “With Prexy on hand to provide some spice, Anderson and Dickinson to represent the team, and with my mob in good shape to provide some belly laughs; those students who do not turn out will be missing one of the best student meetings of the year,” stated senior cheerleader. Stubby Meier yesterday. “Those attending the Women’s Pan should come if they have to wear their formats.” Music By Band Promptly at 7 p. m., the ‘super* pep session, sponsored by Gimlet, Reamer, Skull and Crescent, and Gold Pepper, athletic booster honoraries, will begin with music by the Military Band. Following them the cheerleaders will lead several yells. “By coordinating our tumbling with the student’s yelling, and thus pepping up the cheering, we can dp our bit to get the team back into its winning stride for the Michigan and Indiana games this week-end,” senior cheer manager Bud Fenstermaker explained. Students, faculty, and alumni leaders have expressed the opinion that basketball pep sessions should become as successful as football pep sessions, according to Meier, who added that tonight’s program should bear out this contention. Farmers To Tour Ag Campus Today Approximately 200 Huntington County farmers will gather on the campus today for a tour of the University’s experimental farms. Tim group will inspect the dairy, campus livestock farm and buildings, the livestock, and the soils and crops farms outside of Lafayette. Delegates will attend a luncheon at noon in the Union ballroom today. A short program will follow the luncheon, and T, A. Coleman, acting extension director; V. C. Freeman, acting dean of the school of agriculture; and T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, will present talks. County agricultural Agent Phillip Connelly will head the group.
Philippines' University Board Of Regents Honors Dr. Elliott, Dean Packer Of lavra
President Edward C. Elliott was highly pleased to receive this week a hand lettered copy of a tribute to the work of himself and Dean Paul Packer, of the University of Iowa, in the form of resolutions adopted by the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines, where they spent 11 weeks as advisors to that body. The copy of the resolutions follows: WHEREAS, upon the invitation of the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines, President E. C. Elliott, Purdue University and Dean Paul C. Packer of the College of Education of the University of Iowa have, for the last four months been acting as Advisers to the Educational Policy Committee of the said Board of Regents, giving of the best performance of their task; / WHEREAS, the University of the Philippines has been privileged to receive the benefit of the vision, wisdom and experience of these two gentlemen who are counted among
the foremost educational leaders of the United States; WHEREAS, their wise coimsel in connection with the reorgfanization of the University of the Philippines is bound to bring about greater efficiency, higher standards and fuller intellectual enrichment in the State University; WHEREAS, during their brief stay in the Philippines, President Elliott and Dean Packer have made a host of fx'iends among the authorities, faculty members, alumni, and students of the University of the Philippines; therefore, be it RESOLVED, That the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines express, ^s it hereby expresses, its pr<^ound appreciation of so signal a service to the cause of higher education in the Philippines; be it further RESOLVED, That these I’esolutions be spread upon the minutes, and copies thereof furnished President Elliott and Dean Packer.fm
wf
Wmn
'll
^dikhioL
THE POBDOE EXPONENT
J-aajtivuuL
FxSdoy, February 24,1939
Purdue's Union... ... is steadily gaining more and more recognition throughout institutions of higher learning all over the country. Only last week a sister Big Ten school cited ours as the number one building of its kind. In a drive to get a new union, Minnesota’s student paper carried pictui-es and lengthy description of the facilities which our expanded $2,200,000 Union will offer to our 6,473 or more students. In putting so large an investment in one building and organization, it seems to us that the University authorities are doing more than building a beautiful serviceable structure. We feel that in our Union is visible recognition of a slight change in attitude toward education. In investing in the Union thus, we see a slight tapering off of emphasis on the strictly technical and specialized work. This process will provide more extracurricular activities and broadening educational work not to be found in the classroom. Certain of our University authorities must feel that the college man should have more than a thorough technical knowledge of graduation. Thus one means for securing this additional training is being provided in our Union Building. That we have oppdrtunity for many of the more cultural things through the Union is no news to us. We know that we have musical programs, the new “puttering room” with trained instruction, art exhibits, and facilities for the development of hobbies galore. On thinking a little we can see that such training may form the foundation for the construction of a wholesome interesting program of future leisure time utilization. Thoughtless students are often prone to forget many of these things, however, and fail to appreciate fully the facilities offered them. At times they are careless in the care of property entrusted to them. Student Union workers contribute much time and labor to the preparation of exhibits and displays. On one score, though, these workers complain that their efforts are useless. Attempts to advertise coming events with attractive posters have been futile. Picture posters of band leaders and personalities coming to the campus last, on an average, about 30 minutes. Yesterday a poster was put in the lower Union hall. Before the paint was dry, someone cut the picture off the poster leaving painted finger piints as evidence of his thoughtlessness. We are paying for the facilities we have offered us, yes. But we do have unusual opportunity to take
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief ^ H. I. Stanbncfc Business Manager R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor-
—L. S.
Hardin . Bailey
agin- „
City Editor— — — JD. A,. Bailey Associate Elditors... G. W. Frederick, K. 0. Houstoa, B. E.
Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini ‘Circulation Manager W. P. Berg Sales Manager. - V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W, Nevfn Accounts Manager - W. E. Smith Art Director - D, J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor — Sally McKee Associate Editors - Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor...- R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
rbprbbEnted for national advertisino by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO ' Boston ■ Los Anobles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Howard Friday, February 24, 1939 advantage of opportunities which our small investments bring. Why then is it necessary to mutilate and ruin an afternoon’s work meant for all to enjoy in order to collect a souvenir, soon to be discarded or foi'gotten?—L. S. H. ,
Cinema CtMS
By Betty Wickard Show: “The Duke of West Point.” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: February 23-25. West Point on parade, flirtation walk, and all the glamour of “Hell-on-the-Hudson” combined with a cast of good-looking and well-acting young people, brings “The Duke of West Point” out of the ordinary run of pictures. Louis Hayward, a young man with a voice resembling Ronald Coleman plays the “Duke” who is borne off the cricket field by his admiring teammates in jolly old England and then sails off to West Point on its ear. Life looks promising when he steals a berth on the football team and Joan Fontaine’s heart in short order, but complications rear their ugly heads when he is found down town after “lights out” by a superior officer. Why he was there and what became of him form the plot of the show. Richard Caiison, whom some of you will recall as the tall young Scotsman who played opposite Janet Gaynor in “The Young of Heart” turns in another excellent performance as Hayward’s roommate and is a young man of whom we would
like to see more. Emma Dunn whom we nominate as the sweetest mother in pictures, is his widowed mother. Tom Brown takes the part of the third roommate, a naive rich man’s son. One of the high spots of the pictuie is a hockey game which provides thrills and spills which astonishingly resemble the real thing. The plot is somewhat outworn, but
LUHA TODAY-SATURDAY
the cast makes the most of mediocre material. Pi Kappa Alpha... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Gordon Sowers, of Ciawfordsville; Carl Rogers, Clayton; Gordon Chapin, Detroit, Mich,
2 FIRST RUN HITS
CNIN/HOWH — with — GLENDA FARRELL
— plus —- BOB BAKER — in — 'GUILTY TRAILS'
^StallingGRANT • VICTOR MCLAGLEN and DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jr. with Sam Jaffa • Eduardo Ciannalll • Joan Fontaina
STARTS MIDNITE SHOW SATURDAY
flowers for all formal occasions expertly arranged by-^—
Qlahlc JI&uxL Qo.
Phone 5432
527 Main
Bold ana Black Contrib: What fraternity west of the campus was locked in their dorm with lights and water turned off— and with all rooms locked from the inside . . by an enterprising Rnd ingenious pledge class . . . We don't know, do you ? DICK OBENCHAIN, Sig wit, became quite concerned recently when four of his fraternity brothers were sent to the hospital with the flu. Quite cqnscientiously DICK sent BARBARA HYMAN, Alpha Chi pledge and the Sweetheart of Sigma Chi, who was also confined in the hospital, a big bottle of mouthwash with instructions to be used before and after necking. Are there any more cases of flu, BARBARA? What’s this we hear about BOB SKINNER being fined over at the Phi Psi house for wetting all the beds ?
Leave it to the Theta’s. At the Cary Ball trade dinner, CORINNE REIFERS made the mistake of using the wrong line on one of the men present. Corinne: You look more dignified than these freshmen—you must be a senior. Man; My ^ear, my senior days are over. I’m Professor Schmidt, of the English department. Reifers: Ohll! CHUCK PETRY, Phi Sigh, is sfill hard after PEGGY BOYCE. First he missed her so much that he had to call her at 4 o’clock in the* morning and then he came around and gave her a private serenade—and what a serenade. The eternal triangle comes to life again. How does the Pifi DOTTIE BRYANT, manage to keep BILL NEFF and DAVE HARTMAN (fraternity brothers) on the string at the same time without either of them getting wise? We hear HELEN COOPER is going steady with BOB HOFFER. Is
— and — A JJGHT TO THE DEATH CARRY 'the MAIL!
_ k fetONE RANGER k
SUNPAY-MONDAY GIRLS' SCHOOL YOU'RE A SWEETHEART BETTY BOOP
^Aid
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
THE BIG SHOW FROM RHYTHM ROW!
mm
Vfitb VICTOR MOORE MILTON BERLB Halan Brodarick • Jana Eroman , Buatar Wast Malliao Mason and Hal ibVaota and His OrcliRStrai — PLUS —
MOTO ON THE TRAIL OF THE SEVEN SCROLLS!
Also MICKEY MOUSE
HOFFER still in love with HELEN FLEMING or is he in love with COOPER’S invitations to her home ?
POME . . . He told her of his love, The color left her cheeks, But on the shoulder of his coat. It showed for weeks ’n weeks.
He’s got it again. Poor little HAL TODD is movie-conscious once more, and just can’t resist little HEDY LAMARR. But never shed a tear, boys, for dear HEDY doesn’t give a hoot.
When bold and daring HAROLD BAUMSHLAG challenged gentle-man-seeking SKID COX to a date, he didn’t suspect that she would run out of town on him. Her little bluff was called, it seems.
Casanova CLEO RUGGLES had an import from Ohio one week and another from Illinois the next. Isn’t there anyone on the campus that will give him a date?
The most authentic . . . the most touching . . . the most thrilling story ever told about UNCLE SAM'S WEST POINT!
TOM BROWN LOUIS HAYWARD JOAN FONTAINE — IN — "THE DUKEOF WEST POINT" TODAY-SATURDAY xaxmem
>4
TOMORROW — ONE DAY ONLYDOORS OPEN 11:30 A. M.
Special Treat-ON STAGE THE DAINTY DARLING OF THE SCREEN! Dixie DUNBAR Song and Dance Star of 20th Century-Fox Movies Assisted by JIMMY BYRNES, Sensational Tapster — Also -rTHE FAVORITE BAND LEADER OF THE MOVIELAND STARS ... I BILL HOGAN ^ AND HIS ORIGINAL HOLLYWOOD CALIFORNIANS
rfm
‘'^Z
'/ fW ^
r
Friday, February 24,1939
THE PUBDUE
§pi^1-A.
EXPONENT
-)•
WAA News
Wrestlers Away For Matches This Week-end
• Mixed Recreation Sportswomen, Women’s Athletic Association honorary, is sponsoring a mix^d recre8,tion period tonight from 7:30'^to 9:80 in the Memorial Gymnasium for anyone who wishes to come. Ping pong, shufFleboard, deck tennis, and swimming will be engaged in. Men students may come with or without dates, but must bring tennis shoes and a dime to cover the cost of swim suits and towels. Swimming will begin at 8 o’clock. • Basketball This week’s basketball tournament resulted in some interesting scores: WRH-N defeated Pi Phi, 14-6; Ward 3 scored 26 points to WRH-S’s 10; Kappa scored a total of 26 points to Alpha Xi’s 23; Chi O defeated Theta, 42-8. • Play Day Saturday, March 25, WAA will sponsor its annual basketball Play Day in the Memorial Gymnasium. DePauw, University of Chicago, Indiana State Teacher’s College, and Purdue will compete for honors in games and swimming. Each college will select nine team members to represent its school, and will play three games together, then divide into a combination of original teams. Tryouts and practices for Play Day will begin in about a week, according to yesterday’s announcement by Miss Kay Fraser, WAA faculty advisor. The heads of committees are: Elizabeth Martin, equipment; Jo Cook, refreshment; Marietta Johnson, officials; Martha Baker, awards; Mary Clymer, registration; and Esma MacGillivray, publicity and posters.
WBAA
'THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
Football Coach Dick Harlow has been appointed curator of oology in the Harvard University museum of comparative zoology. Oology is the collection and study of eggs.
Boilermakers Seek Return Of Basket Eyes For Tomorrow's Michigan Encounter Here Battling to start another climb up the Big Ten ladder, the Boilermaker Basketeers will face Michigan’s rangy combination tomorrow in their first home game in four starts. Purdue’s hope of breaking into the victory column will depend in a great part upon regaining the basket eye that was so woefully lack- ^ ing on the difificult road trips.
Still clinging to a place in the first division, despite successive losses to Wisconsin and Illinois, the Boilermakers must regain their sharpshooting ability to beat an admittedly dangerous Wolverine aggregation. The Purdue netters have been sadly off in their marksmanship with the lone exception of sophomore Bob Igney, who scored 16 points against the Badgers and 12
against Illinois. “Piggy” Back
Piggy Lambert, who was sadly missed at the Wisconsin and Illinois games, is reported well on the road to recovery from his attack of influenza. There is a possibility that Piggy may direct a few minutes of tomorrow’s drill, and he intends to take his place on the Purdue bench tomorrow night if it is humanly pos-
sible.
Captain Gene Anderson, who suffered from a recurrence of his old leg injury in Monday’s encounter with the mini, will be a doubtful factor in tomorrow’s game. Needless to say, the Boilermakers would sadly miss the experienced playing of the lanky center. Fred Beretta, starting guard, has recovered from a head cold which bothered him in last week-end’s games.
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, Am-
erican Institutions.
11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:01)—^Agricultural Forum.
12:16—Sports Review, Dick Shively.
12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Children’s Symphony Pro-
gram.
1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet.
2:15—Charles Powell, pianist.2:30—“Lanterns of China”—Eliz-
abeth Crump Enders.
2:45—Hawaiian Troubadours. 3:00—Lafayette Music Society. 3:30—^Your Town and Mine. 4:00—Music With Words.
4:30—Radio Club.
4:45—Story Book Hour.
Intramural Schedule
Today Court 1—M. Aronson. 7 :00—Ward 6 vs Ward 2. 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. 'Theta Chi. (A). 8:25—Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 2A. (A). 8:40—Ward B vs. Ward 4. Court 2—L. K. Swing. 7 :00—Ward 12A vs Ward 10 7 as—Ward 3 vs. Ward lOX. 8:26—Ward 11 vs. Ward 14. 8:40—Ward 32 vs. Ward 2B. Court 3—C. Rechenbach. ' 7:00—Ward 16 vs. Ward 12. 7 ;16—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:26—Ward 16 vs. Ward 7. 8:40—Ward 2X vs. Ward 4X, Court 4—F. G Witsman. 7:00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs Alpha Gamma Rho. (A). 7:16—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 8:26—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Beta Theta Pi. 8:40—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Dartmouth College has purchased a portable sawmill to cut the halfmillion feet of wood accumulated during hurricane reclamation activities.
Gunga Din
More than a million words have been written and broadcast by the students of Drake University during the last four and a half years.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Correction
Avery Fultz and John Threlfall, finalists in the Golden Gloves tourney in Lafayette, were not knocked out as reported in yesterday’s paper. Instead the bouts were stopped by Coach ‘Punchy” Maxwell and their opponents were credited with
technical knockouts.
EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x13, quarter fold, high grade, 6,000 to case, only $2.76. Lilly-Lulip sanitary drinking cups. Cabinets leased. Phone for samples of napkins and cups. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—1927 Chevrolet. Cheap. Phone 46304.
Coach Reeck's Weakened Brapplers Battle Against Illinois Normal, Wheaton College Although handicapped by the illness of four of his regular grapplers, Coach Reeck and his squad will go on the road this week-end for matches with Illinois State Normal and Wheaton College this aftemqon and tomorrow afternoon, respectively.
With a record of two wins, three losses, and one tie to its credit thus far this season, the wrestling team will be traveling in hope of boosting its winning percentage. Reeck’s matmen captured one of this season’s victories at the expense of the Normal squad in a match held on
this campus.
Starters Uncertain The list of Boilermaker starters is rather indefinite, but the men who are expected to don the Gold and Black, and then weight divisions are as follows: 121 pounds, Berkheiser; 128 pounds, Allmon; 136 pounds, Papurca or Linderman; 145 pounds, Tyxi-ell, Papurca, or Huston; 155 pounds, Ledere or Beem; 165 pounds. Post or Beem; 175 pounds, Toth or Schreiber, and in the heavyweight division are Rossi
and Aronson.
Only one moie match after this week-end remains on the Boilermaker schedule foi this season, that being with Kent College on March 4. On March 10-11 the squad concludes the year’s action by participating
Sam Jaffe as Gunga Din the he- in the Big Ten meet, which is held roic water carrier in the thrill- on the same dates as the Big Ten packed film dramatization of Kip- track meet,
ling’s immortal adventure which is starring Cary Grant, Victor McLaglen and Doug Fairbanks, Jr. Coming to the New Main Theatre starting at midnite show Saturday.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of R. G. Carpenter, Indi-
anapolis.
For that
Correct Appearance
Use the Union Barber Shop and its SKILLED STAFF
JhiL fiwviusL Tyimw^daL lAjtmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
TOBACCOS-
Briggs — Bond Street — Rafeigh — Edgeworth — Prince Albert — Velvet — Half and Half — Model — Friends — Union Leader
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
TRUE or FALSE? (A Style Questionnaire tor College Men) 44-
HAYS JEWELRY €0. EAST SIDE OF SgiTARE FINE JEWEERY AT MODERATE PRICES
Wins campus honors
^RDON Oxfords can’t shrink! Unlike many oxford shirts, our Arrow Gordon can’t shrink. It’s Sanforizfd-Shrunk. You get a new shirt free if pne ever shripHSr Gordon has the Mi toga form-fit, too. And the best-lookiq^, best-fitting collar in the world—m Arrow collar. /
DEWENTER'S
416 Main
PhQne 3801
Stickpins are out of date. TRUE O FALSE □ False. All sorts of jewelry, including stickpins, tie clasps, cuff links and (for formal wear) watch fobs, are now being worn by well-dressed men.
Quiet shirts are passe; loud shirts, high style. TRUE □ FALSE □ False. The swing is all toward shirts in subdued colors and simple patterns. Choice examples of this trend will be found in the new Arrow shirts $2 up.
Cluett, Peabody A Co , Inc., Tcoy, N. T.
Buckskin shoes should ne\er be worn in the winter. TRUE □ FALSE □ False. Buckskin shoes, although introduced as summer sports shoes, are now okay summer, winter, fall, and spring. And brown is the smart color to choose.
You can get a good tie for a dollar. TRUE □ FALSE □ True. Arrow ties at one dollar (and one-fifty) receive the finest tailoring a tie can get. And, being styled by America’s foremost authority on men’s fashions, their patterns are faultless.
If hasn’t qn Arrow label, it isn't Arrqto
You'll always find the latest ARROW styles
ot
GULLION'SAxoLOdau
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
7li)iicJL6L,
Friday, February 24,1939
Parade Of Opinion - (Continued from page 1) Roosevelt should clarify his foreign policy.” Until the president takes secrecy out of his new foreign policy and explains what it is, ‘mistaken impressions’ and ‘deliberate lies’ will persist. The president can if he desires, eliminate other rumors before they start by a definite claiification of his policy.” Many maintain, howevei, that the sale of planes aligns the U. S. and othei democracies. “Evidence that the President intended the sales to France and Britain to be indicative of an alignment with them is seen by thase who maintain that the President went ovei the heads of the Wai and Navy depaitments in sanctioning the sales. A survey of the administiation foreign policy leaves little doubt that the Piesident favois active coopeiation with the demociatic states of Euiope,” affirmed the Univeisity of Minnesota Dailj. A broader implication is seen by the Haivaid Univeisity Crimson: “Isolationist senatois who pictme economic suppoit of France—symbolized by piesidential appioval of the sale of some 600 warplanes—as leading the Ameiican people down the load to war, ignoie America’s stake 111 the peaceful lesolution of European difficulty. Realistically speaking, it is futile to talk of isolation. Inescapable is the conclusion that America, by leenfoicmg a positive resistance to the totalitaiian states, is promoting in the only practical way possible her own peace and security.” • Tax The nation-wide campaign instituted by the Amheist College Student to have student employees of fraternities and soioiities exempt from the payment of federal social secuiity taxes is gaming the active suppoit of collegians throughout the countiy. Most student support the view of the Beloit College “Round Table.” “The time to tax for old age pensions is after the student has finished his education and is earning his living as an active membei of society, not whilo he is workihg his way through college. Anothei reason for the desired exemption is del similar conditions pay no tax.” Meanwhile, the piessuie has now foiced consideration of the ruling by the House of Representatives ways and means committee. Obseiveis predict early action on the im-
^J4iin and By Georgaim Schilling
Dixie Dunbar To Be At Mars
Gay Greeks frolicking frivolously, soft lights that create glamor—the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Ball is the year’s most formal co-ed bid dance. Lads began rushing certain lassies as long ago as December, taking them hither and yon, lavishing favors upon’them, hoping to be rewarded with a bid to Pan Hell. We will be seeing yaiious types of college youths about the ballroom tonight—some dashing cavaliers, a lot of campus heart-breakers, and a few imports, the famed “boys back home.” You will probably see some flimsy spring formals being modeled by eager young things, and many unusual corsages sent by enthusiastic suitors. Tonight is the night for the Gieek-letter girls! So as you trip the light fantastic, maidens, remember this night was made “especially foi you.” —H-H— Another campus queen will be Clowned tomoriow night when the frosh elect a class queen to reign over the Green Potters Dance in the ballroom that night. Although the dance is planned by the Green Potters, it is open to all students. Bill Bardo, whose band appeared on the Mars stage several weeks ago, will furnish the music for the frolic. —H-H— Chi Omega sorority will have its annual state day and dance at the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis this Saturday. Dick Cisne and his band from the University of Illinois will play for the dance. Purdue’s chapter of the national sorority is hostess at this yeaFs state day. —H-H— We heard a very lengthy discussion on reforming people the other night. Several theories about reform were advanced. One popular idea was that you should put yourself on a very high pedestal above the individual you are trying to reform and make him reach up to you.
Pingr Ponsr and Shnffleboard: First matches must be played off today. Courts and tables will be available Friday and Saturday, February 24 and 26. —SOHILMNG.
Freshman Engineers: Those enrolled in GE 2 (Engineering Lectures) report as follows on Saturday, February 26, at 8 a. m.: A-E, room 264, EE Building; F-K, room 129, EE Building; L-R, lecture room of Civil Engineering Building; S-Z, lecture room Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st. —F. W. GREVE.
All Union Workers: Please come to office to work on directory Friday, February 24, at 4 p. m., and Saturday, February 26, at 1 p m. —BRUBECK, McClelland.
All-Campus Show Petitions: ihe following positions will still be considered up to Saturday, February 26, at 10:00 a. m.: Dance director, rehearsal assistant for cast, voices, orchestra, librarian, business manager, tickets and sales manager, house manager, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press assistant, staff manager, assistant manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, and makeup artist. Turn petitions in at east Union desk. —ELLIOTT.
Chemistry 1 and 2 Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101 of the Education Building Saturday, March 11, from 1-4 p. m. Students who plan to take the exam should register in room 127 of the Chemistry Annex before March 6. (8-6) —TEST, MARTIN. ALLEN. Society of Automotive Engineers: Members may get pins from Miss Osterling in the main office of the Mechanical Engineering Building until Friday, February 24. —LUTHER.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations wUl be given Saturday, February 25, at 1 p, m. in ME .801. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) —BOLZ.
Pan-Hellenic Council: Tickets are still available to sorority girls and may be obtained from Virginia Steele at the Alpha Xi house or at the door at the dance. Programs may be obtained at the Union check room today, February 24 —STEELE.
WAA Basketball: Games will be played Friday, February 24, in Women’s Gym: Chi O vs Phi Mu; Ward 1 vs. Wards 2 and 4. —REIMANN.
Is it true what they say about Dixie ? Theater patrons can find out for themselves when Dixie Dunbar makes an “in person” appearance at the Mars theatre tomorrow.
Scabbard and Blade: Membeis and pledges may get then bids to the dance in the supply room from 1 p. m Friday, February 24, at 4:30 p m to Tuesday, February 28 Bids of membei s which have not been claimed by then will be redistributed. —HEINE
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation eveiy Friday night in the Women’s Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-3) —FRASER.
Students in Christian h oUnuaiion: Meet at the Christian Church Friday, February 24, at 8 p. m. for “Mid-Winter Let Up” party. Tickets are 26c. —WAINWRIGHT.
Glee Club: All members of Glee Club are to report foi compulsory rehearsal today, February 24, at 4 p m. —STEWART
All Foreign Students: Assemble in front of the Executrve Building Saturday, February 26, at 2 p m for group picture. —BALDWIN.
“MEET ME WALGREEN'S” DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
Confucius says, “Doing your best means looking your best.’ The surest and easiest way to fulfill this is.to have your clothes cleaned regularly. Our reasonable prices for high grade work make it possible for you to appear to best advantage all the time.
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
Fellows!
W© Cieast HATS • TO LOOK • LIKE NEW
oweF6
for only—50c Clothes cleaned the American^Way Mean — Satisfaction for you and longer life for your clothes. Send yours in Regularly!
Eti: 3tc
Roth's flowers are always (distinctive and appropriate, and are made to suit your individual tastes. Phone orders taken.
> -A 4 V
r
>