A
I A'’* <
EDITORIAL ASKS Students To Read Exponent
For Correct News
FROSH BASKETiAU Tourney Will Feature Four Big Ten Teams
Established 1889
Pay Your Taxes, Beat the Axis
Volume 55, No. 87
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, February 12, 1943
Hockema Advises V\^ar Department Rescinds Coeds To Regktet On Reserve Status hf lamiaru -yj For 10 Month Study
Phone Calls To Washington, Fort Hayes Indicate Reserves Will Go Soon Worried over the reactions of Air Corps reservists to the War Department’s latest edict concerning them, Prof. F. C. Hockema called Washington and Fifth Service Command Head-quarters-'Wednesday in an effort to find when calls would be issued. No one in either the War Department offices, or at the Fort Hay.qs, headquarters was able to give a definite answer, S'ut the, concensus of opinion
Statements Of January 27 Order Leaves Student Status Unchanged; Army To Call Non-Technical ERC's Soon
indicates^ that the reservists will bqgin receiving their orders about Feb. 21. Hockema stated that officials handling the program did not know how fast they would be able to call up*all their men. Meteorologist.s, however, are receiving their order.s now. Re-emphasizing Dr. Elliott’s previous advice to stay in school until called, Hockema pointed out that every bit of additional training received will be a service to the country. Air Corps officials have promised to give at least a week’s notice when calls are issued.
Army Credit
Plans are going ahead now to make it possible for students taken out of the University to receive
Union Features Hearts For Mixer Tomorrow Night By Lou Speck Tomorrow night between the dark hours of 8:30 and 11:30 the Union will hold its regular mixer in an atmosphere charged with the magic of Puck, that god of love whose arrow usually packs a punch more powerful than a double-sized mickey-finn. According to custom the dance will be held in both ballrooms of the Union with a theme
Religious Council Plans Program For Race Relations Day Negro Social Worker To Be Guest* Speaker
Radio reports and Associated Press releases from the East last night stated that students in the Army enlisted Reserve Corps Unassigned, not enrolled in scientific courses, would be called up within the next two weeks. Fifth Service .Command officers at Fort Hayes, Ohio, the Army Headquarters for this area, stated, however, that their facilities could not accommodate the induction of so many men in such a short time. The students to receive defer-
Armed Forces List University in New Training Program
WMC Will Scf Up Operation Rules
The University was listed among the 281 educational institutions selected throughout the nation for the specialized training of men and women for the armed forces in a list released recently by the War
medical, pre-medical, veterinary Manpower Commission.
„ , and dentistry courses, and in Ad- Aofnnl ('nrifrapfc tn tha Sunday evening the Religious ® “ the mstituCouncil is sponsoring a program at ’ tions specifying the time of arrival
The University has not as yet of the students, the number in the received official confirmation of this various groups, the places where latest story, which is reported to they will live, etc., will be made in have rescinded a release appearing the near future. All contracts will
in the Exponent of January 31.
Next Sunday is known through
out the United States as Race Rela tions Sunday, and the University-..
Religious Council with the coopera- students to receive tion of the foundations is partici- until the end of the semester pating in this annual observance. those in scientific, engineering.
Religious Council Program
7:30 which will feature Julia Johnson, a negro social worker of Flan-
Chauncey Co-Op Holds First Campus Air Raid Practice Previewing an all-campus participation in air raid drills, the
appropriate for Valentine’s Day ner House, Indianapolis, as the prin being utilized in the design of dec- cipal speaker. Another service if orations. On the backdrop will be being held by the Wesley Founda
credit for training courses given by silhouetted a large heart upon tion at 7 p. m. on the same day in Technical Student To Be Deferred
the armed forces. Hockema asked which the figures of dancers will be the Great Hall of their new buildthat students in the armed forces, painted in brilliant colors. ing.' The guest speaker for this
Passes Given , meeting will be Mina Klayman of A distinctive feature of this Marcey Center, Chicago, mixer will be the award of compli- Miss Johnson, inspeaking for the mentary passes to every twenty- Religious Council program, will disfifth couple ari’iving at the portals, cuss “Minorities and Democracy.’’
who haven’t graduated, keep the University informed about courses they are taking, content and length, in order to have some basis for awarding credit.
“J,’’ Grades
That release, dated January 27, said that the above mentioned technical students in the ERC would remain in school until the end of the current semester. This state-
be made between the institutions and the branch of the armed service which will use the institution. Committee Selects Universities A joint committee has been created with the authority to select the non-federal educational institutions for the war training pro-
Couples are .requested to cooperate
, He stressed the fact that a grade m the prevention of confusion
around the entrances to the ballrooms by not attempting to use force in securing for themselves the cpveted twenty-fifth place in line.
of “I” received when a course is dropped .for some valid reason is in no way a falling grade. When a student returns to the University or when he Receives similar training in the armed forces, the grade can be made up and treijit received. Several colleges and universities in the middle west have already in.stituted programs to give credit in this manner. The institutions are: universities of Iowa, Chicago, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota and Ohio State, fowa' State College and Michigan ^tate College. Refrain From Calling Hockema urged that no one call him unnecessarily about his status in the armed forces. All neiys concerning the enlisted reserves, etc., is issued immediately to the Ex-
ponent.
Henderson Will Play For Cary Dance Tonight
sioned officers as announced recently
Cary Club will hold an informal by Prof. Paul S. Emrick is as fol-
Valentine dance tonight at 8:30 in lows;
the north ballroom of the Union Captains and Lieutenants with the music of Fletcher Hender- Bvt. Captain and Executive Offison and his orchestra. Tickets are vers F. Bass, Bvt. 1st Lieut, asd
restricted to those living in the residence halls and associate mem-
bers of the club. Henderson To Play
There will be a shoi’t devotional period preceding the main event of the evening, Alberta Artman, president of the Council, has announced. All the University foundations are cooperating in putting on this
ment is completely in agreement grams. The committee is composed with that appearing in last night’s of three representatives frpm each communique on this point. the Army, the Navy and the WarDeparture from the rescinded Manpower Commission. The comJanuary 27 directive, which stated will operate under rules and that students other than those in regulations prescribed by the chair-
Maury Mahn and his orchestra special seryice, and it is open to all has arranged for a special program whp might be interested. The meetfor the evening which will be built ing will be held in the West Faculty
Lounge of the Union.
Jewish Question
Miss Klayman, speaker
around the theme of romance and intrigue, et cetera. All ambitious eds are especially urged to bring the objects of their affection and
make a merry night of it.
Admission to the “House of Puck” may be gained by beipg the lucky twenty-fifth couple or by
shoveling out the usual
'Spotts' Selects
New Military
Band Officers Several revisions in the University Military Band have become imperative because some of the officers have been called into the service of our country. The new I'oster
of commissioned and non-commis- Relations of the Federal Council of
Churches foster this national ob-
the technical courses would be called up immediately, was to the effect that the non-techs would be given two weeks before receiving
their calls.
Not Enough Room for the Colonel Fuller, of the Fifth Serv-
Wesley Foundation special service, ice Command, qualified this statewill speak on the theme, “The Jew ment, however, pointing out that Faces Jesu.s Today.” For the past his staff’ and the Fifth Corps Area’s eight years Miss Klayman has been facilities could not handle all these
doing religious and social work with men so quickly.
the Jewish refugees of Chicago as they are served through the Marcey
Centei'.
This service is also open to all students and professors. Miss Elizabeth Douglas, chairman of the Committee on World Friendship, will preside at the meeting. Music will be furnished by Miss Phyllis Baker and Miss Ruth Lee.
Brotherhood Month
Race Relations Sunday marks the beginning of Brotherhood Month throughout the United States. The Department of
servance.
Gimlets-Reamers To Sell Tickets For Tournament
Ticket^ for the Big Ten fresh-
Military Officer J. R. Wood, Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Supply Officer R. V. Evanson, Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Assistant to the Director is F. T. Hemler,
Fletcher Henderson, colored band and Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Detail Offi-
leader and his all negro Orchestra, cer J. H. Andcrsmi. is one of the better known bands Sergeants
today. His style of music is fast Tech. Sergt .and Band Adjutant irian basketball tournament can be but not entirely given over to jive R, p. Sharp, Tech.' Sergt. and Per- bought from either the pledges or rhythms. He has been the arranger sonnel Officer R. L. Weig-le, Tech, the actives of the Gimlets or Reamfor Benny Goodman and Duke El- Sergt., Librarian and Concertmeis- ers clubs. The tournament is to be lington. He has won the National ter J. A. Shaw, Staff Sergt. and As- held this week in the Fieldhouse, arranger’s trophy twice, thus show- sistant to Band Arjutant B. A. and will start at 1:30 p. m. ing his musical ability. Woodhull, Staff Sergt. and Band The price of tickets is 60 cents In past years it has been the cus- Quartermaster F. D. Johnson, Sergt. per session (there are two sessions)
man of the WMC after consultation with the Secretary of War and the Secretary of Navy. McNutt told the committee that he wanted to see everyone of the country’s 1700 colleges utilized in the war effort, but that under the present Army-Navy plan for training men in the colleges only about 500 of the institutions would be
used.
6. E. Ripley, Former Dean Of Men, Dies
In Arkansas
Word has been received by the Alumni Association that Giles Emmett Ripley, a distinguished graduate of the University in 1898, died January 31 at the City Hospital at Fayetteville, Ark. Ripley had served the University as professor emeritus and former dean of men, and was head of the physics department at the University of Arkansas. Dean Ripley graduated in the school of science, and he received his Master’s degree at ithe University in 1902. Later he attended the University of Chicago. During his senior year he was class historian and was president of the Emersonian Society in his junior year. He was a member of the Indiana Acad-
that accidents on the farm aie the Science and the Department largest single cause of injury in the Editor of the Exponent
Cadettes Start Classes In Engineering Monday; AWS To Sponsor Date Bureau For New GirTs Coeds from various parts of the nation wifi register today and tomorrow for a ten-month course in engineering and scientific courses sponsored by Curtiss-Wright Corporation, in order to prepare them for specific positions in either air frame or propeller divisions of the aircraft industry. The group consists of 115 girls, mostly from the south central states, each having more
than one year of college education. The first of the contingent arrived yesterday. The coeds will live in the Wornen’s Residence Halls where • arrangements have been made to ac-
commodate them.
Associated Women Students is sponsoring a date bureau this week end for the girls. Registration
Chauncey Co-op House held its first booths are outside the Sweet Shop air raid drill last Tuesday night at jn Union and in Cary Hall post 7:20 p. m. John Cantonwine, Stu- office. Eds are asked to sign today dent Air Raid Coordinator and also and tomorrow, after which time the house air raid warden, was in names will be mixed and matched charge of the drill. He pointed out and dates arranged. All eds will be that sometime this semester all notified by AWS as to the name of
student boai'ding' houses and halls their date,
on the campus would have such
Classes Begin Monday
The drill started with three sharp After completion of registration blasts of a whistle sounded by the today and tomorrow classes will bewarden. Within one and a half min- Monday. The course includes utes, the twenty-six house members uiathematics, elementary engineerhad assembled in the first floor sit- physics, cheinistry, applied meting room. All of the lights had been chanies, mechanical drawing, slide dimmed, and only one light was left ^“1® instruction and shop practiceburning dimly after the blinds had During the second semester, the been closed. curriculum will be designed to give Radio Tuned To WBAA maximum preparation for a specific The radio was left on tuned in to ^^5® individual
WBAA, which in case of an air raid, aptitudes.
would be the only method of com- Upon completion of the course munication on the campus. When they will be assigned to a planif-and the group had assembled, the pur- to an engine ring job according to poses of the drill were explained to qualifications and interest. ’ ' '
them. It is a precautionary measure Will Change Ratio
which may never be exercised need- , fully on the campus; however, the
Prof. Hockema, assistant to the president and armed forces representative on the campus, was of the opinion that this latest directive changed the situation at the University not at all. He expects further word in the near future. Dean Freeman Urges 'Safety On Farm' Students taking the eight weeks
Race winter course given each year by
the Ag School in dairy farming, animal husbandry and general agriculture heard Dean V. C. Freeman speak on “Safety on the Farm” at a special meeting of the group
Wednesday.
Dean Freeman suggested that the students submit safety slogans to be used on posters and in Farm Journals for distribution throughout the country. He also pointed out
Regulations concerning the ^ocjal
, . . J, ,, ,. life of the coeds while at the Unitrammg from these practices will ,, ^ , 1 ,, V ,1 versity are the same as upperclass-
help those who are now on the cam- ,. . -
men living in the Women’s Residence Halls. During their first few days here, they will be entertained by coeds at WRH as well as by dates arranged through the date bureau. It is estimated that the ratio will be affected by the sudden influx of coeds. Previously at 3.55 to 1' it will now be approximately 3.S to 1. Although this does not show a great decrease it does indicate that the feminine population of the University is being increased by ten per
cent.
Thirty Firemen Enroll In Fire Service School For Three-Day Course Approximately thirty men have been enrolled in the Indiana Eire Sei-vice Training School, sponsored jointly by the University, the Ipdiana Inspection Bui'eau, and In-
U. S. today.
In an effort to curb the high number of accidents, the University is
Former Dean Of Men
He went to the University of Ar kansas in 1908 and he was appointed
tom for the club to have three large and Technical Officer D. E. Gault, dances during the year. However, Sergt. and Publicity Officer R. J. this year only the Winter Formal Reed, 1st Sergt. in charge of all and the Spring dance are being Duty Details R. S. Macy, Staff Sergt. held. This dance is a special feature and Assistant to Band Librarian W.
to take the place of the one usually A. Cheney.
tield jirst after Christmas.
Student Loan Fund
. . Officials of the Highway Ma-
terials & Equipment A.s.sociation recently raised the total of their Student Loan Fund to a total of $1,441.06 by an additional contribution of $100.00. This makes $1,200 contributed by the association, $241.05 of which has accumulated in the form of interest. The fund is available to all students, especially to those in the Civij School. Since
Sergeants: J. J. Bonner, R. E.
for other than students. Students may attend both sessions for 60
cents plus their passports. The fust game of this Gimlet-
Reamer sponsored tournament is between Illinois and the Riveters and will start at 1:30. The second
Chemistry Instructor Compliments Student .A freshman Chem 12 student rc-
Hill, P. 0. Dodge, W. Winger, J. K. game is between the Hoosiers and mid-semester lab grade Lewis, M. B. Myers. the Northwestern Wildcats. At 7:00 vpa.or.lMv .nmt
Corporals Corporals: A. B. Balitz, R. A. Chapman, J. 11. Watter.s, W. R. Pavelchek, J. M. Chenoweth, C. L. Hemmer, R. A. Vining, C. E. Geib, R. Fowler, J. J. Gross, J. A. Bernard, L. E. Hull, H. W. Jones and R. A. Henley. Sigma Alpha Mu
conducting a farm safety program professor of physics and head of which was recently given impetus the department in that year. In by the national safety council meet- 1923 he became dean of men. He ing during the agricultural confer- resigned as dean of men in 1937, once. but he remained head of the depart-
ment until his retirement in 1940. He returned to the faculty after a year to serve as professor emeritus
and physics instructor.
Dean Ripley has produced several inventions with the late W. N. Gladson, former vice-president of the University. His work c^oncerned energy transfer, motion pictures and
statement yesterday and wasn’t technical subjects,
suie just what kind of a compliment
he had received.
This particular chemistry lab is, strange as it may seem, almost totally populated by coeds. It is not difficult to imagine the squeals of delight when the girls received their grades; neither is it difficult
. . announces the pledging of
its establishment several years ago, Allan Don and Monte Lazarus, Chi-
39 students have utilized it in com- cage. 111., and Saul Llss, Patter- Valentine’s Day and Hal Denman pletihg their university work. son, N, J. orchestra will play for dancing.
p. m. the two losers will play and at 8:30 the winners of the first two games will have a play-off' to determine the tourney winners. Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social ifi'aternity, will hold its
annual formal dinner dance at the to imagine the look of bewilder-
chapter house this Saturday evening. Dancing will be from 8:30 to 11:30. The theme of the occasion will be appropriate to the eve of
ment on this single I'epresentative of the masculine gender when the instructor, obviously a very observing person, put this comment on the bottom of the card: “good lab
work, (good technique),”
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, February 13. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office.
—DEAN OF MEN
pus who may be in an air raid in some other part of the world in the
not too distant future.
FSA To Hold
School For
Farm Labor Approximately sixty new recruits from southern Indiana have been certified for training in the new farmers’ training school which will start at the University next Monday. Just a week ago 31 farmers completed the same Gaining, and before the last of those were placed, the Farm Security Administration and United States Employment Service, which sponsor the program, reported that they could guarantee jobs for many more.
Farm Labor Relief
The success of the last training school has given a new incentive to
those farmers from unproductive diana Fire Marshal’s Department,
regions who have volunteered to go anywhere in the state to help relieve the farm labor situation. The new students will spend the first day in being oriented and inspecting University buildings. The group will then be divided into sections to receive practical training in poultry raising, dairy farming, tractor operation and animal
husbandry.
Practical Training Professor 1. G. Morrison of the University, acting as state supervisor of Rural War Production Training, has planned that as much practical work as possible be included in the course. The instructional program, for example, re quires students to operate milk machines in the dairy barn and to bed down the herds. Positions for several hundred trainees are already assured, and the main objective is to turn them out fast enough to cover the demand. Farmers who wish to obtain the service of the students should notify the nearest U. S. Employment Service Office. Exponent Staff Workers for Saturday’s paper who intend to go to the Exponent picnic, report to the Exponent office promptly at one p. m.
—BUTZ
Upon completion of the three day course, these men will return to their home fire departments to sei-ve as instructors in fire fighting. The course is designed to improve the teaching techniques of fire department instructor's, and at the same time to present new subject
material.
4000 Firemen
Prof. W. A. Knapp, of the University and director of the school, pointed out that as a result of the past training provided for instructors, some 200 classes have been organized in local departments over the state with an enrollment of over 4,000 firemen who are studying the approved course in “Fundamentals of Fire Fighting.” He also emphasized the fact that the growing problem of personnel turnover ht fii'o departments has inereasefi'the necessity for competent intra-de-partment instructional courses. Eminent Instructors Instructors for the current ahott course, which will convene through tomorrow noon, include Arnold Meister, of Anderson, chairman of the educational committe of the Itt«» diana Firemen’s Association; Rols ert F. Hamm, state fire coordin^tpy, Indiana State Defense Council; mett T. Cox, Indiana XnspediddR Bureau, and Francis A. HarthMth* fire training instructor, of the Uni-
" VI.Pufdim Exponent Friday, February 12,
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Edi^orial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone Affer 10 p. m., 5377
Editor. Business Managrer News Editor Hanagine Editor Senior Adverlisinp Mana.ccr Sports Editor. Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
William G. Hoskins Gerhard H. Klouman ..Kobert W. Boswinklc Dale E. Butx James G. Petty ...Joseph S. Dawson Sally Beall A. Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editorial StalT Associate Editors; F. J. Vefrh, .T. T. Richardson, T. ,L. Tilton, W, H, Tyson, W, E, Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C, C, Martindoll, E, Murphy, _ , Coed Staff: Phylli.s Mann, Martli,! Loc Rigns, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. ' _ , , Sports Staff: C. Sownrds, .1, Ackerman. D. Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff Assistant Advertisinir Manager: ,1. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. ' Circulation Manager: R. H. Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Eilt.s.
The Purdue Independent
Editor-In-Chief..
Bert Sqnicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martindell Snorts Editor: Shryer Day Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Abbett Reporter's: Doniinik, Donham, .Iordan. Stetten, Gregory, Fahnestock. William-s, Yargar, Bauer, Speck.
Entered as second clas.s mnttor at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Copgress of March 3, 1879. and at . the special rate of postage provided lor in' section 1108, act of October S. 1917. authorised .Tanuary 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thur.iday. Friday and Sunday rhornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a semester or $3.00 for (wo semesters ; by mail for .$2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two seniestM's. Represented for national advcjti.sing by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
No Change...
Last night’s radio and press, reports on the status of students in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps Unassigned caused considerable unwarranted confusion and excitement in various houses around the campus. We say the confusion was unwarranted because the actual situation today for Army Reserve students on the Purdue campus is identical with that prevailing when the War Department issued its directive on January 27. Yet, headlines and radio commentators loudly publicized the fact that the January 27 order had been rescinded and that ERC Unassigned student.s would be called up within the next two weeks. As a matter of fact, considering the Fifth Corps Area’s ability to assibilate these men, the situation remains essentially unchanged. Now, the Exponent, a small college newspaper, can do nothing to make the War Department keep its stories straight. What the .Exponent can do, however, and what it has been doing, is to receive the news directly and present a clear idea of how the news affects Purdue students. Because it has been all too evident in the past few weeks that official orders may be and are interpreted in many different ways. We therefore urge students to read the Exponent first on all releases from the Army affecting thern. Professor Hockema has given his promise that the Exponent will receive news immediately concerning students’ status in the armed forces. He is determined that Purdue students will know just as much about their destiny as he does, and just as soon, and he has requested that students read and believe the stories in their campus paper before referring to him. Hockema has kept his part of the bargain in keeping the Exponent informed on latest news, and knows no more than has been published. Students have a part in this bargain, too— to keep calm, read the Exponent, and keep going at the regular pace until individual, official orders come through.—w.g.h.
Don’t Let Down . . .
Men in universities have been on the spot since the war began, but right now those in the Air Corps and non-tech.s in the ERC seem to hold the lime-light. The Wa'r Department has reached out its long, grasping arm in quest of these students, and the all-too-natural result has been a let-down in studies. The threatening imminence of an immediate call has taken its toll in the grades and attitudes of the Air Corps re.servists, as well as others who face induction soon. ' But this is not the time to let down. Student.s cannot afford, either for their own good, or for their country’s, to let these last few moments ot University residence go to waste. With the ever-increasing probability that very few students will finish .school. University officials are mapping a plan whereby credit toward graduation may be acquired as a result of courses taken in training with the armed forces. ■■ Several universities in the middle west have recognized the merits of such a plan, and have put it into effect already. Governmental agencies are develo]iing means whereby the technical tiaining acquired in the armed forces can be evaluted and ajiplied a.s credit. But it is not at all likely that either the Government or the U)ii\'ersity is going to be favorably disposed toward giving credit to a student whose last recorded grades show little interest and little preparation.—-w.g.h.
wsmm Tm Re? U i P.l dll. Merry-GO-ROUND
Iy ^IrREWi< P:iAR'iOr#i ^ ]%■ Roosevelt' Enlists Aid On War Mobilization Bill; New Dealers Done With Rubber Stamping
WASHINGTON—The vote on the War Mobilization Bill to revamp the jittery War Production Board and put certain Army-Navy production under civilian control was one of the most significant in ten years of the Roosevelt Administration. ' This vote, which transferred the bill from the Education and Labor Committee to the Military Affairs Committee, saw the President appealing to Republican leaders—Senators MoNary, Bridges, Lodge—to defeat his old New Deal friends. It saw him falling back on Old Deal Democrats who have bitterly \attacked him—Byrd of Virginia, Reynolds of North Carolina, Tydings of Maryland—to get their support. And the men Roosevelt slapped down in this vote were those who had gone down the line for him when the going was really tough—on labor legislation, on neutrality revision, on social reform—men like Pepper of Florida, Thomas of Utah, Kilgore of West Virginia, Murray of Montana, Truman of Missouri. The vote left a lot of sour faces in the Senate and may mean a gradual new line-up. For some New Dealers now declare they are fini.shed with the “rub-ber-stamp” act. « Brass Hat Ire ,Here is the inside story of what happened. The War Mobilization Bill had been carefully prepared by some of the President’s best friends. They held months of hearings, wrote the bill after diligent, painstaking study. It set up machinery to. referee the chronic battling between the Army, Navy, Maritime Commission and Mr. Jeffers as to whether critical materials would go to airplanes, rubber factories, escort vessels, etc. In settling this battle, the bill proposed to take away some production powers from the Army and Navy, put them in the hands of a civilian umpire. This aroused terriffic brass hat ire. ,So the Army-Navy lobby got into full swing. And two weeks ago, young Republican Senator Lodge of Massachusetts, whom the President tried to defeat, told a closed-door session of the Military Affairs Committee how certain high-up army-navy officials had appealed to him. They had asked him to try to have the War Mobilization Bill referred to the Military Affairs Committee where it could be bottled up. Ordinarily the bill would bo referred to the Senate Education and Labor Committee, which had heard witnesses before, and knew the story. But Lodge said Army-Navy officiaLs were afraid the Education and Labor Committee would report the bill favorably, then it would reach theBenate and might pass. ® .Thomas Blows Up Hearing this, mild-mannered Senator Elbert Thomas of Utah interrupted angrily. Thomas is ranking member of the Military Affairs Committee, also chairman of the Education and Labor Committee. “In other words,” lie said to Lodge, “they told you that the bill must be transferred to this committee, and taken out of my hands, so it can be crushed?” Lodge made no attempt to deny this. Senator “Happy” Chandler of Kentucky broke in to say that Economic Stabilizer James Byrnes, was manipulating ag'ainst the Bill backstage, and had telephoned Chandler. There was so much commotion in the next few minutes that those present can’t remember all fhe details. But for the first time in his 10-year career in the Senate, placid Senator Thomas blew up. He began with some sulphurous comments on the executive branch of government “dictating” to Congress and ended with a scorching philippic on the blunders of Army and Navy procurement officials in providing equipment for the armed forces. “I have always been faithful to the Army and Navy and have carried the ball for them on important war measures, including the dependents’ allotment bill,” the Utah senator stormed.
I
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
British Army sources have not been willing to admit that the British forces in Burma will not be able to carry on a real offensive for quite some time. The reason they give is that all the best forces are now in Africa, and cannot possibly be spared until the Germans are completely driven from Tunisia. Chinese quarters are pressing the point, however,,.that their front is the most important,
and they will not see the Bur-
ibt. JhsL
“Of course, Harold doesn’t know where they’ll send him—But I think it’ll be the South Sea Islands—he’s the romantic type^ you know.”
University Calendar Friday, February 12
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner of Chauncey and Columbia 9:30 a. m. Boger Williams Foundation class hour. Professor H. H. Watts of the English department, teacher. 10:46 a. m. Morning worship service. Sermon, “Live Sensibly,” by the pastor. Music by the choir. Ivah Gruver Price, choir director, and Arthur Jacklin, organist. 4:00 p. m. Meeting of foupdation deputation team. 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams social hour and supper. 6:30 p. in. Forum hour. Timothy Tilton will speak in “The Christian Basis of a Just and Din-able Peace.” 7:30 p. in. Anti-racial meeting under the auspices of the Piu-due Religious Council, West Faculty Lounge.
ma drive drop off. Chinese officials are still of the mind that they will be able to defeat the Japanese as soon as they, can, get American and British supplies. British sources do not agree with this and use the fact that Chiang' Kai-Shek was unable to defeat the Northern Chinese Army in 1936 even when Chiang had superior arms. Thus the British belief that it will take a lot of time before the Chinese will be fit to take the offensive against the main Japanese army.
8:00 4:00 7:30 8:30
8:00 2:30 8:30 8:.30 8:30
A.M. Fireman Teachers Training............Rooms 355-363, Union P.M. Cosmopolitan Club Room. 307, Union P.M. Better Homes Room 363, Union P.M. Cary Club Dance ...:.So. Ballroom, Union Saturday, February 13 A.M. Fireman Teachers. Training....; Rooms 355-363, Union P.M. PIA Wai'd Dance .So. Ballroom, Union P.M. Mixer : ..; No. Ballroom, Union P.M. Phi Kappa Sigma Dance Chapter House P.M. Tail Epsilon Phi Dance ......Chapter House
By G. B. Wu
• Star Lobbyist Byrnes What especially irked him was that he wasn’t even consulted about administration plans, but had to be informed by Republican Lodge. “Somebody at least could have called me up and told, me what wa:-: going on,” he exploded. “After all, I’m chairman of the committee that has been handling the bill.” Lodge was disturbed by the outburst, later phoned Byrne.s, urged him to placate Thomas. Byrnes called Thomas’ office several times, but couldn’t reach him, The Stabilization Boss also was on the phone most of the morning of the day the Senate voted on the “tran.sfer” resolution, whipping Democrat senators into line to smother the “New Deal” Bill in the antiNew Deal Military Affairs Committee. Later Senator Thomas confided to a friend: “I’ve been an adminisiration wheelhorse for 10 years, and have had (o take a lot of abuse in the new.spapers on labor bills. But this double-dealing is the payoff as far as I am concerned.” •-
• Frank Knox'Jinx Around the Navy, they ligure that Prank Knox has the jinx on him when it comes to public relations. Though the Secretary of the Navy has spent his life as a newspaperman, and should bo an expert on public relations, it is his luck to say the wrong thing at the worst time. | • It isn’t his fault. It’s tlic jinx. Who would have foreseen, for instance, that just as a mag'azine came out on the .streets with an article by Frank Knox, “Wo Can Win on Both Oceans,” the Jap.s would put eight battleship.s out of commission at Pearl Harbor and practically paralyze us in one ocean. Then, just as Frank Knox, got back from a 22,000mile flight through Pacific areas and announced that we were supreme in that ocean, the Navy admitted that a serious sea and air battle was launched by the Japs to retake the Solomons. It look.s as if the Japs almo.st wait to synchronize their attacks witli Frank’:; statement.s.
(Continued from Previous Issue) Cooperatives: Outgrowth Of War The Japanese seeined to aim at the de.struction of Chinese •industry in order that goods made in China might be replaced by tliose made in Japan or made by Japs in China: In 1937-38, 90 per cent of the Shanghai industries were destroyed and quantities of machinery were taken to Japan, while the, looting and cleaning up resulted in a thorough stripping of , metal. They did not overlook even the ..smallest screw buried in debris. Industrial cooperatives, one of the most striking and influential developments of the wav, grew up not only to offset the loss of industrial equipment and supply needed manufactured articles but also, to reduce the need for foreign imports and to help solve .the problems of refugees and disabled soldiers. Several thousand units developed in Free China, not only serving as a strong weapon against Japan but also teaching an up-rooted people new skills and reviving old home crafts, bringing hope and courage, and a good moa.sure of self-support, to millions who had lost all except life itself. China Moves West The call to the west and southwest wa.s more pronounced every day in the .lap. invasion. It absorbs the 30 million who tied there. The modern student found himself anew as five of the eleven major Christian colleges moved in a group to a backward countryside. Conditions, were of utmo.st difficulty, food was scarce, equipment at the barest minimiu'ii. As alv/ays, the demand on tbe .spiritual resource.s of the liuman soul liroughi new life to the Ijrivilegcd college students, who began to work with hands as vvell as heads, and found in 'ncce.ssity tlie
inventiveness needed to survive. Work Goe.s On Much of the missionary’.s time was given to relief work, and in trying to meet tlie quickened interest of the Chinese in religion. In face of tlie appalling need for relief the missions pooled th'cir resources, increasing the sense of unity among them. The more privilcgiSd Chinese rallied to help in welfare work. Through it all, the amazing fact was that Christian work in Occupied China went on all'the while. As actual fighting receded from any community and: conditions became, at least more, stable, small groups of Christians returned to their old homes with fresh faith and courage to face the task of reviving the life of Church and home and school under occupation. Changing China Since 1900 A Chinese professor once said that “the, real pioneers of the literary renaissance of China were the Christian missionaries, who first translated the Bible into the plain language of the people”. In the great need for western teaching, the Chinese government turned to the Christian teachers in missions schools. Christian schools and colleges became the model for the reformed Chinese education. Sunday became a recognized day of rest in government institutions. A Chinese educator, Dr. Fong Sec, wrote: “In this time of cutting young China loose from the past . . . it needs the moral resti-aint which Christianity inculcates.” (Continued in Next Issue)
University Presbyterian Church North St., near Gi-ant 9:30 a. m. Btinday School. Dr. Graves’ class will continue its study of Christ as told in the Gospel according to St. Mark. 10:30 a. m. Morning worship. Sermon, “Authority For Living.” 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening Club. Everyone is invited to come and unite in fellowship'. The Sunday Evening Club offers a good opportunity to get acquainted with the people with which 'you worship. Supper is served .at fifteen cents a plate.
Swiss newsmen have brought out the story that Hitler is intentionally leaving some of hi.s genei'als in the most dangerous positions. The majority of these generals are members of the old Junker class, and Hitler, the newsmen say, has decided that if he is to be defeated then he intends to rid Germany of any po.ssibility of the Hohcnzollern.s coming into power again. The SyVi.ss cited the fact thtit the generals could have boon taken out of the Stalingrad area by plane up til! a week from the surrender, but they were not nnd thu.8 fell into the hands of the Russians. The generals at Stalingrad, by the way, were members of the Prussian Junker class.
West Faculty Lounge as sponsored by the Religious Coi-inc'il.
Lafayette Christian Chiueh 6th and North St. . 9:30 a. m. Student Classes.. The New Testament class will, niect in the kitchen following the worsltip period. All others present will have the privilege of listening to Miss Millie Hoffman, teacher in Lincoln School of Lafayette, speak, on “Problems Confronting the Negro Citizen.” 10:40 a. ni. Chu.rch Worship Service. The Reverend Doyle Mullen will preach after his absence last Sunday due to the death of his father. The Go'jhnuinion Service is open to all who wish to participate. Sunday Evening—131 S. Grant 6:00 p. m. :15c supper (note change in time.) Sign up at Student Class or call 4393 by 4:00. 6:30 p. ni. Forum recreation in the Religious Council Room, 364. Note change in time and place. 7:30 p. m. Race Relations Sunday. Annual observance program in the
Wesley Foundation 9:30 a. m. Student Church School. The classe.s will be offered: (1) “A Skeptic Looks'at the Bible,” and (2) “The Great Ideas of the Bible.” 10:40 a. ni. Morning worship at the church. Dr. 0. S. Steele will speak on the theme: “Unity in Brotherhood.” Special music will be furnished by the choir. 5:15 p. in. Wesley Vespoi’s. A fellowship supper will be soi'vcd for 20c ill thg Great Hal). 7:00 )). 111. Miss Mina Klayman of Marcey Center, Chicago, will speak on . “The Jew Faces the World Today.”,This is in Icceping with Race Relations Sunday.
LUHA
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. -TWO FIRST RUN HITS—
A TRIPLE-ACTION TRIO IN A ROUND-UP OF TRIPLE TROUBLE!
• Merry-Go-Round
When Col. Melvin E. Gillette of the Army Sigpal Corps asked Hollywood producers to cooperate in making more training films, Harry Warner of Warner Brothers held back until the Army apologized for investigating the training films produced by Col. Darryl Zanuck and 20<h Century-Fox. Real fact is that the Army investigated the cost of producing all training
films, not merely those of one company.
(Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate'! Inc.)
— HELD OVER Hurry—Last Two Days
Ir's Hot—It's H.ipp.y—It's th Musical of lha Minute
“SEVEM B/IYS LEME” with VICTOR MATURE LUCILLE BALL and Big Radio Cast
• ADDED
"ARMY CHAPLAIN" A Thrilling Short Also "BASKETEERS"'■"i ?!), >, fh j 11,
Friday^ February 12, 1943 ^'J'f.*^ « f t , hx
Boilermaker Imports
-Sf |i^ I, ,, ,.w Page S
■niwipU
Net ToMrney Places Rhinie Talent On Display
Yearling Stars From Two States Here On Saturday
— — ' "' "1
The
’"TBS
SpoAidu
#,*1 K-VtX * rJS
ixfeWSL
By Joe Dawson
► WeMI Take A Back Seat We are a little afraid that yestei day's coed edition kinda spoiled our readers There foi a long while we had no competition whatsoevei . . Now, after letting the giils shows us up, our faces aie really led Josephine (Maitha Lee Riggs, a mighty sweet little junioi coed editoi) did a swell job on this column Foi a membei of the weaker sex Who is npt supposed to know too much about spoits, Maitha and the lest pioved exceptions, and did a better job piobably than we have done for the past two months ► Don't Forget The Tourney Don’t forget to get youi tickets loi the fieshman tourney Saturday Theie are still plenty available at the Fieldhouse office, the cashier’s Window pt the Executive Building and the West Desk of the Union All Gimlet and Reamer pledges aie selling tickets The puce—only 60c for the entne tourney, oi in other wolds a mere 12Hc pea game to §ee in action some 40 to 50 of the finest basketball players turned out by the Indiana and Illinois high schools last year Many All-Stafe Performers Most of the all-state selections from the two states last year will be here Saturday Indiana has last year’s Gimble award winner. Bud Brown, from Burris ot Muncie, at the center position In addition they have Charley Babcock, Loganspoit, and Max Peyton, Richmond, both of whom played on the Hoosier All State team which played a similar Kentucky team last year ^ Eddleman, Of Course Illinois, of course, has Dyke Eddleman That is about enough to say for any team We have heard, however, that the Illini freshmen have beaten the varsity several times even without Eddleman This, spoits fans, IS the team which Dutch Fehrmg’s outfit will meet at 1 30 Saturday afternoon Northwestern also has its share of all-state material—that IS, the few which Illinois missed ► Plenty Here, Too! On the other hand, we could talk ioi quite a while about our own fiist year team There was little doubt last ^ai among Hoosier spTorts writers that Bill Lodge, brilliant forward from Madison, was among the top five players in the state Jim Ertel, 6 ft, 4 in , 215 pound center from Tipton, belongs in the same categoiy The Boilci makei s also boast of the top high school scoiei in the state last yeai in Kenny Anderson The likeable, haid-working loimei Warsaw perfoimer had an aveiage of slightly under 16 points per game throughout the season last year This is only three of about 15 equally gieat peilormeis
DR PAULA RISK DR LUTHER A RISK OR HAROLD { RI.«K — DENTISTS — * 400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam Sts Phone 5701
1 Everything for a j College Education 1 DEAC’S
1. — '
To Relieve Tired Muscles and Weary Minds BOWLING!
SPEND YOUR LEISURE HOURS BOWLING The Purdue Memorial Union has Modernly Equipped Alleys for Your Enjoyment JhjL fiWtjduSL TyiiumfdaL lAnxmL i I The Coiner of the Com pus— Yet the Center of Activities
Phillip Leads Point Chasers In Conference With the season half completed, Johnny Kotz, Wisconsin scoring ace and winnei of the conference scoi mg crown last year, is still far behind the whirlwind pace he set last season Thiough the Big Ten cam paign of 1942 Kotz amassed the astounding total of 234 points in 16 contests to smash all pievious scoring records for the confeience The former lecoid that Kotz ob literated from the records was held by Jewell Young, ex-Boileimaker sharpshooter when he canned 184 points duiing the season of 1938 This total was for the twelve game season, however Kotz’ mark last year at the twelve game point sm passed Young’s total by a sizeable
margin
Replacing Kotz as the leading pomt-gettei this season is the Illini luminaiy, Andy Phillip Last sea son, though he scored a sizeable total of points, Phillip was not one of the conference scoring leaders, yet he was unanimously acclaimed as the finest playei to hit the Big Ten in several seasons by virtue of |his ball-handling, passing, and floor work This year he boasts a total of 134 points m seven games to make him the top scoiing threat of the conference in addition to his other all-around abilities Hamilton High Right behind Phillip tiails Ralph Hamilton, Indiana sharpshooter, who poured 31 points through the nets against Iowa the other night, before he was yanked with six minutes remaining m the contest Williams of Indiana also boasts a spot among the top ten scoiing
leaders
For the Riveteers 'Captain Ai Menke is still on top with 94 points in seven tilts Menke is tied with Kotz and Graham of Northwestern in field goals Each has scored 36 two pointers Ed Ehleis holds down tenth spot \ ith a total of 73 points He is tied with Ben Tiickey of Iowa Otto Giahaiiis spluige of 21 points against the Boileimakeis Saturday boosted him to fourth position
G TP
Phillip Illinois 7 134 Hamilton, Indiana 8 113 Chapman, Iowa 6 94 Giahani, Northwestern 5 88 Kotz, Wisconsin 6 86 Menke, Pin due 7 84 Mathisen, Illinois 7 81 Williams, Indiana 8 80 Tnckey, Iowa 6 7> Ehleis Purdue 7 71
Faculty Bowling LEAGUE STANDING
W
L
Animal Husbandly
44
19
English
42
21
Agricultuial Extension
41
22
Civil Engineering
39
24
Poyiltiy
39
24
Speech
39
24
Physics
37
26
Agiiciiltuial Chemistiy 1
36
27
Physical Plant
36
27
Executive
36
27
Hoiticultuie
35
28
Electiical Engmeeiing
36
28
Naval Training Station
33
30
Agiicultuial Enigeeiing
32
31
Agricultuial Chemistiy 2
32
31
Daily
31
32
Radio Engmeeiing
31
32
Chemistiy 2
31
32
Agtonomy 2
31
32
Mechanical Engmeeiing
30
3J
Foi estiy
30
33
Recitation
29
34
Agronomy 1
28
35
Agiicultuial Engmeeiing
3 i28
35
Agiicultuial Exp Sta
25
38
Chemical Engmeeiing
24
39
Chemistry 1
24
39
Geneial Engmeeiing
24
39
General Stoies
24
39
Pharmacy
22
41
Biology
22
41
Aimy
18
45
High Team Sets — Recitation, 2857, Chemistiy 2, 2758, Agi Ex tension, 2726 Agi Engi , 2723 High Team Games—Agi Engi , 1014, Recitation 1011, Biology, 996, Poultry, 986 High Ind Sets—0 C Lee, 617 W L Clark, 551, Culp, 550, Heniickson, 550 High Ind Games—0 C Lee 233, Coinell, 223, Winch, 218, Frost,
218
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL
Fiiday, Februaiy 12 Court 2—J Rudasics Short Course 1 vs
Course 4
Short Course 2 vs
Course 3
Court 3—S Rudasics Unit 2 vs Unit 4 Unit 3 vs Unit 7 Unit 5 vs Unit 6
7 00
7 15
Shoi t
Shoit
7 00 7 15 8 10
The Rifle Range will be open from 3 o’clock until 9 o clock Friday aft einoon and evening for the benefit of those not yet having fired in the Inter Fraternity Rifle Tournament The range will also be open Monday from 3 until 9, this being the last daj you will have an opportunity to enter your team nr this touina nient
a(/o
eaienne J
dotu
L
rown
tliG'Se plaid topi, 6hirt
ana
Heavy Sports Bill Looms For Riveter Teams Tomorrow Tomorrow evening in Chicago Coach “Piggy” Lambert leads his Boilermaker basketball team to their second tilt of the season with the Bluejackets of the Great Lakes Naval Training School The Boil eimakers will enter the battle with the odds weighing them down slight ly However, this week the Riveter squad has been augmented by the return of both Max Brggs and Ed Ehlers who had been handicapped
by colds
Revenge In Order In the previous tilt with Coach Tony Hinkle’s Sailors this season, the Boiler makers took it on the chin by a five point margin According to the record the Sailors have hung up so far this season, to win by so narrow a margin Was aliViost a moral loss to the boys in blue Swimmers Meet Indiana Coach Papenguth’s squad of tankmen trek to Bloomington tomorrow to take a final crack at a Cream and Ciirason team for the semester In every meeting between a Riveter and Hoosier squad so far this sea son, football, track, basketball, cross country and wrestling, there has been a sad ending as far as the squad from Lafayette was con ceined Tomorrow the Boilermaker swimming squad has a chance to put a crimp in the record the Hoosiers would like to have for the season Last season the Riveter aquatics diubbed the Hoosiers by a large score in the Boilermaker pool Tough Free-Styler In the fiee-style events Indiana has a top notch performer in a sophomore nr^med Vogel Vogel crawls the 100 yard event m 53 4 and the 50 yard event in 24 3 Franklin and McCooe, a pair of breast stiokers, will probably make things interesting for Boilermaker Captain Joe Williamson, Mid-States AAU breast stroke champ, and Roy Heidke, world’s 50 meter and 50 yard breast stroke record holder Wrestlers Resting, Ha' Although the Boilermaker wrest ling team isn’t doing much in the way of outside competition at present the squad is far from becoming stale from lack of exercise Nightly, Coach Reeck holds a muscle building session in the wrestling room At present the squad is having a brief breather between the two l^alves of the schedule This breather was lengthened yesterday when the new s that the Mrchrgan meet that was tentatively scheduled here for this Saturday had been called off due to travel complications Next time the Riveters take to the mat against foreign competition will be a week from tomoiiow when the home squad jaunts to Cham paign for a meet with Illinoib Last season Illinois was the only squad to win ovei Coach Reeck’s squad of Big Ten champions Michigan State Meet Spartans Heie Febiuarv 26 Follow mg the meet with the Illini, the Boiler makei s cnteidam the Spartans from Michigan State here on Fi rday afternoon February 26 The Spartan squad has for the last two VC us been runner up to Okla hoina A M for the National intia collegiate ciown Three mam factors 111 the Spartan team this veai as thev were list veai, are the two Jennings biotlieis Meil and Bull and Bill Mrxwcll
1 30 P M —Game No 1—Probable Lineups
ILLINOIS Eddleman (47) \ an Hoorweghe (26) Green (19) Strumrflo (22) Gallagher (25)
Position F F C G G
PURDUE Lodge (26)
Berberian (7)
Ertel (42) Haag (27) Hinga (35)
OFFICIALS—Referee, Frank Luzar, Indianapolis, umpire, Walter Floyd, Southport
3 0 OP M —Game No 2—Probable Lineups NORTHWESTERN Position INDIAN 4 Van Ess (22) F Babcock (36) Ward (10) F Peyton (5) Thompson (12) C Brown (30) Clawson (18) G Ritter (11) Schadler (9) G Grossman (12) OFFICIALS—Referee, T R Smith, West Lafayette, umpire, George Vaulk, Montmorenci
7 00 P M —Game No 3 Loser Game No 1 vs Loser Game No 2
8 30 P M —Game No 4 Winner Game No 1 vs Winner Game No 2
—Haag, more often than not has been his team’s leading point-getter m then tussles against the varsity Teaming with Haag at the other
Bunging togethei under one roof some of the best freshman basketball talent evei tinned out by two of the nation’s greater basketball states will be a quadrangulai Big Ten freshman tournament, which is to be held in the Fieldhouse tomorrow, under the joint sponsorship of the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs. The toLuney will get undei way at 1 30 p m when a yearling quintet fiom Illinois will clash — ■ with the Riveter hrst yeai l m lad fiom Bosse of Evansville, men Following this, squads ho has drawn the unenviable task , T 1 1 XT J.1 J- of giiaiding Eddleman during the from Indiana and Northwest- , ^ilt Along with being a deein will battle it out The win- fensive buhvaik—he usually dr^ws ners of these two games will the assignment of guaidmg Eddie meet in the championship tilt at Ehleis in vaisity frosh scrimmages
8 30, which will be pieceded by a consolation match between the los eis of the two afternoon contests This tournament will be the fust
of its kind in Western Confeience guard position will be eithei John history It was conceived in the Hinga oi Leioy Biutus Hmga, who mind of Dutch Fehring, fieshman leaches up 6 feet and 2%inches into basketball mentoi, with the pin pose the auf"'pieped under Bob Nulf at in view ot giving his highly publi North Side of Foit Wayne Bmtus, cized ehaiges a chance to piove who is the fiosh counterpart of themselves The luck of the draw Ehleis in the diibblmg department, seems to have given them this hails fiom Pine Village, where he chance light at the outset of the vas coached bv Ralph Paimentei, touiney at which time they lun up foimei Boileimakei great against Dwight Eddleman and the Ertel, Too Illinois freshmen At centei foi the Rivetei yearIllini Favored I'^gs will be big Jim Ertel, 6 ft., 4 It will be lemembeied that in a >n , 215 pounds of pivot man Ertel, pie season contest, the Illinois fiosh whose brother Maik won Alt-Amer-weie barely nosed out by their vai lecognition while at Notre Dame, sitj, cuiiently tied for top honois played at Tipton duimg hia high m the Big Ten race, and that Eddie- school davs and was accorded Allman at the time outscoied shaip State honois his senioi year Jiiii shooting Andy Phillip, now scoiing 'Bso became a membei of the Indileader in the Confeience Stai squad which opposed “Dyke” Eddleman will be the man 'ind won from a similai squad from to watch in this fiist game He Kentucky last August emeiged from his piep school days At the forward posts, the Riveters as the most publicized high school boast of Bill Lodge and Bill Berberathlete m the country, scoring 2,389 nm, the lattei being the only Illinois points duiing bis caieei at Centraba boy on the squad Lodge made AllHigh School, 969 ot them coming State teams duiing both his junior duiing his scnioi yeai when he led and senioi yeais while playing nnhis team to the Illinois State High dei Ray Eddy also a foimer BoilerSchool Championship He w is makei at Madison Lodge starred named on all state teams foi thiee foi the Madison team which took
consecutive years Othci men to watch in the Ilh nois lineup will be Fied Gieen, a 6 It 7 in centci tiom Uibana 111 , Chet Stiumillo, 5 ft 10VI in guaid liom Ciceio, Toip Gallaghei 6 tt, in guaid fiom Maywood Teaming with Eddleman at the othei toi waul position will be Joe Van Hooi wc,,he 5 ft 9i„ in , 160 poundei tiom St Bede’s of Moline Riveters 1 ace lUmi Fiom the peisonahty standpoint the Boileim ikeis, too aie tai liom licking Pci haps the local edition oi Eddleman is Charley Haag 6 it
lunnei up honois behind Washington in the state touiney of 1941. He, too was a membei of the aioiementioned All Stai squad Beiberian, \ ho placed his high school ball in Haivev 111 has been hampered in piacticc the past week with a bad fingei Ihc second ifteinoon contest bungs into play the fiist yeai men liom Inili ina and Noithwestein Thus the touiney affoids the chance ol cichei an all Indiana oi an all Illinois linal Like the Rivetei squad, the Indi(See NEl lOlRNEY page 4)
THREE SISTERS DRESS SHOP ; 33K Main !it. Phone 2080 | * i * » 4 4
Send Her FLOWERS for
OalsuniiyuLiL. (bcup We can telegraph your flowers to her, regardless where she lives! CLARK FLORISTS
527 Main Si.
Phune 8451
JK
7‘W»%«
i if " r
i®«^ 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday, February 12, 1942
Women May Enlist ^et Tourney
In Reserve Ranks
Of U.S. Marine Corps
With the establishment of a U S Marine Coips Womens Reseive, ■women mav now lOin the lanks of the Leathernecks Mis Ruth Chenev Stieetei will hold the lank of maioi The Maiines aie to be tiained m schools ahead'v estab lished at maioi women’s colleges throughout the counti\ Ranks and pay ''viH he the same as Tornthe men of the Coips, and the W’omen may woik then way up from the enlisted lanks to the com missioned giades Age limits aie 20 tb 36 foi the enlisted personnel and 20 to 50 foi officei candidates Both mained and single women aie eh gible, but no maiiied women with childien undei 18 ^eals of age will be accepted and no woman mairied to a membei of the Mu me Coips can seive Requirements Enlisted peisonnel must have at least two -veais of high school oi business school education and of ficei candidates must ha\e a college degiee oi two veais of college tiaining and at least two \eais of business e\pei lence The duties will include admin istiatne cleiical, stenogiaphic, photogiaphic laboiatoiy aeio giaphic 111 ci aft mechanic and paiachute iig,,ing assignments
Student Tutors Register
Today At Senate Office
A.li tudents who w ish to legistei 3= tutois must do so befoie 5 p m todav in the Student Senate office 1 he Senate acts onh as i filing place foi the names of tutors so that de linquent students maj have the
names acailable
Each \eai the Senate sponsois the tirtoi s\stcm and it has been appicciaiecl b^ the students and the tutois in the past jeais The legulai fee IS sixty cents an houi and the paitics must make then own aiiangements as to meeting ind stud\ time
(Continued fiom page 3) an 1 team is a stai studded affan Stilting off it the foiwaids, the Indiana fiosh b iskctball coach Bill lohnston, offei s Geoige Babcock and Mack Pc\ton Babcock played at Loganspoit list veai uid laii off with Noith Ccntial Confeiencc scoiing honois dining that yen He towels upwaids to 6 feet, 4 inches Pc',ton saw scivicc with the Rich mond Red Devils duiing the past campaign leading that teim to a successful season A.t the pivot post the IIoosicis will featuie Bud Blown wiiinci of the Gimbel awaid while a membei of the quintet fiom Bin ns of Mini cie which was iiinncrup in last yeai’s state tourney At the guaids the Ciimson will have Don Rittci diminutne speed stei fiom Auioia, and Rex Gioss man, 6 ft 1 in hllsk^ fiom Hunt-
ington
Opposing the above wnl be the Noithw^stein ihinic squad which boasts a 59 to 35 win o\ci the Glen View All Base quintet The Wild cat fieshman squad haled as one of the best in leccnt icais is built aiound Lauience Savage ot Sigi naw Mich and John Maid oJ Gieen Ba'v Wis foiwaids, Spen cei Van Ess of Sheboygan MGs and Dave Thompson of foledo ccntcis and Bcinic Schadlci of Benton Hai boi Mich and Piank Clawson of Sheldon 111 ^uiids Clawson is i biothei of Don Cliwson st u foot ball and b iskef ball plaj Cl it \’oi I western diiiiim the pist thicc \eiis who IS now in Ensign in the \^\^ The lounge st mcmlici of the Cliw son f imih be us little icsemblaiice to hi« 210 pound oldei bi oibci 1 I ml IS 1 ft 10 in t 11 ind weighs 170 pounds
Physical Fitness Class Will Train Leaders;
Seniors Discover
Red Cross Women
MeelsMonday.SP.M. ■'"'"''7
Classified Ads
Camera Club Sign for djrlcroom loclcois at west desk AU lockers not signed for by Feb 12 will bfe broken open for new mem beib —HAYWARD
Roger William Foundation A party la scheduled for Friday Meet at the oparfiortajid at 7 30 to go to the home of Mr^ Joseph Ro.5g —ROGERS
Wesley Foundation The Wesley Founda tion will sponsor a Valentine party on the night of Fcbruaiy 12 Ihe party will stait at 8 p m Theie will be a covci charge of 15 cents —^LUDBERG
Pins Poll*" The second round must be played by Feb 12 Gullstrom vs Baynes, BurKlar vs Williamson Ball vS Milter. Roll vs King —WATBRBURY
Physical fitness leadeis’ coiuse, sponsoied by WAA and snppoited by Gold Peppeis, is being conducted evei y Monday at 8 p m in the Women’s Gym with Miss Helen Hazelton as instiuctoi The purpose of the coinse is to tiain coeds in 01 del that they will be able to conduct exeicise couises m then Lospectivc halls and houses Exercises used m the couise aie designed toi building stiength, endiuaiice, and flexibility Specific excicises used by the WAAC’s aie fn eluded m the tiaining and new exei uses will be included as they aie needed Exercise Poi All Coeds Ihe goal of the couise is to have cveiy house and hall on the Uni veisitv campus taking active pait in the excicises cveiy evening Sim ilai couises offeied at leading mid western iiniveisities have been suppoited by the coeds to the extent oi 100 pel cent paiticipation All coeds inteiested in becoming tiaincd leadeis aie asked to attend the next meeting on Mondaj^ night
Seniois bull owing down into the sub basement of the Union to haye then Debris pictiues taken these days aie obseiving one of the moie unusual phases of Red Cioss woik Women jumping up and down on little blown wiapped bundles takes one imawaic at fiist but the ob seiyei will simply sit by and be amused when one ot the women sit still long enough to explain that the Aimy is the cause ot then
lathei odd activity
It seems that the maximum nnm bei of bandages that can go con veniently into a packing box is 750 The Aimy says, “Send 900 in each box ’’ The onI\ \\ ay the women can comply IS by sitting on each bundle
Wanted—Studentb interested in peddling the Exponent Call Exponent, 4005 Ask for Krotplm
Typewriters Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph woik done C 7 Pbershoff 605 Mam I ifayetU Phone 2779
Newman Club A Valentine tea dance will be held in St Mary a auditorium Sunday Fob 14 at 2 p m Refreshments will be solved All Catholic students are invited Let s make this better than the last one —WENDFLL
YWCA Cabinet Meeting at 4 p m Monday Seb 16 m YW office It is the duty of every cabinet member to attend —PACKARP
Money to Loan On diamonds -watches jruns luRprngG typewriters Albeits Loan Office 10 Columbia
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Fiiday Fob 12 at 4 K in the bowliUK alleys —DOTY
Roger Williams Soundation Valentine party tomorrow night at 7 30 Eitoryohd will meet at West Lafayette Baptist Churfch and then go to home of Joe Ross 1826 (Mrden St —McCARTY
Lost—lambda Chi Alpha frateinitv pm Cill S411 for Richard Robinson Rewaid
Episcopal Students Holv Communion at 0am Sunday beb 11 at St Johns Chuich rth and Fciry Sts I afayette Followed by breakfast in parish house —THORNaON
All Military Students Second group of 5 reels sound film on subiect Anti-Arrcraft and Anti Mech Defense will be sliown m LE building assembly Wednesday., Ftp 17 I p m All Military students mvited to attend -MAIER
Lost—Cold plated key chair Intials R V S About cp^ht 1 cjs Rcsvaid Call 3301
Chinese Students IVIonthly moetin;? Friday niffht at p m in room 102 of the Union —TSUI
Wanted—Bo>s to work banquets Apply Pndiu Uni)n Cafeteria
Lost—Dames Club pm If lound phono M ibcl Eilcimg it 65')02
Junior Cadet Officers All interested in Cadet Publicity Officer woik leave name
at room B Armoiy^
Hillcl Members There will be a 5omt meeting with the Wesley Foundatiort SUh* day Ftb 14 at the Wesley Soundation Please be there at 6 p "LjjjpgcHkffiLP
-ROBINSON
For Sale—Poi table radio A C D C Six tubes now batttii«-s $20 00 Phone 2847 Ti uax
Fngmcer Staff- Meeting m office at 4 15 p m on I riday Feb 12 —KIMBRELL
All Students in the Enlisted Reserve Covps who have completed their Basic Military Training should call at Room B-7 Armory, for their Military
Fersonnel Notes
Notices
Companies Scheduled to Visit Campus York Ice Maclnneiy Corporation, Yoik, Pa—Pebiuaiv 15 Interested in Apiil and August ME, ChE and PSE
No Notices will he accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day preceding the issue
Students Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean ot Men s Ollict —GOIDSMIIH
PEW Refresher Course
Margaret E. Beeman
Tij an Exponent Classified'
in tiiictoi in the Lnivcisity School ot Home Ltonomits Ins a tcuiiicd iilich in tlleIchluu^ is sue of the Indian i Paicnt Teachci on Tile living Foom riunitiiic — Long Mu It I ibt Miss Bccmin su,„gestb staitin., a &a\ e the Pin nituic c imp iign enluting ill mem beisotthi iimily The ii tick con tuns detailed suggestions on the cue of upliolsteicd iuinitiiic slip coicis ind vood tin nil me
A 10 V eek leticshei couise foi \somcn ph^slc^l education teacheis st 11 ling I cbi uai V 15 itas announced h\ Helen Hayelton head ot the rhjsicil Education Depaitment xcstcidu It vill meet on Mond ly tvcniii.,a lioin 7 to 10 p m This couise undci Thoicsi Bell ot the PlT^sical rdiication Depaitment is open to a mil imum oi ten teacheis 111(1 will stiess utilities methods ot Icachin ind tlic oiganization ot plusical fitness clissts Also some consider ition will be ^i\en to the te idling ot boys classes The tuition fee will bo fi\c dollars ind special uiangcmcnts will be made to obt un undeigiadiiato or ^1 uliirtc Cl edit The hist meeting of tlic class will be Mond iv night in the V omen s G\m and no enioll mentb amII be accepted after Feb iiiuj 22
Calco Chemical Division, American S\anamid Co, Biound Brook, N I —February 15 Inteiested in Apiil and August ChE, Science (chemists) Consolidated Aircraft Coi p , San Diego Crlitoinia—Febiuaiy 18 and 19 Inteiested in Apiil August graduate students in CF MF, AE, EF
Interfraternity Presidents Council Mem bers may pet their council key^ at the Fra tcrnity Aftairb Ofhee —MORGAN
Shufflcboard Tournament Second match must be played by I nday Feb 1-^ Water buiy V Kinpr Williamson Gumppci 1 lyloi Ns I at Hennis - WAIERBURY
WAA Members All RirK inteiested in a counci) po ition for next year pet i petition ficm tic WAA office Petitions must be filit I Ok t md ti rned in b> Fn i ly Fob —HFNNIS
Face Powder
Lovely color harmony shades *.. satin-smooth ,,. clinging
AU M T '* Students Report to Univer sily C ishiei ml draw unifoim comutation m nc> —BROWN
These comp'tnies do not plan to Mbit the campus howceer they aie inteiested in students for cmploj ment Aliirphi Chair Companj, Owens boio Kentucky—Inteiested m stu dents who have oxpeiience oi edu cation in time studies and betting rates Continental Can Co, Inc, Chi cago 111—Interested in analytical chemists and chemical engineers Sign in Personnel Office b-\ lues (lag FcbiuaivlG Allen B DuMoiil laboratories, Inc Pass uc i\ew Teisey—Intel ested in EE Ph\sicistS ME ChE Sun m Peisonnel Office liy lAcd
Naw VI V •> and V 7 Members of N iv> Enli ted Reserve who do not ha\e j ocket earls ti piovt member hip in the N ivy Rcborvc <-hould leave name pi ico and ( It )f ind ction horn iddrtss and classi f eat ( n n m> < ffiet A uqiiest for these ends will bo made to the Office of Nival Ofiieer Iroeiicmcnt KNAPI
\Vestminster Girls Club The meetinp date has been ch nped to February lb The proup vv ill meet at the Foundati )n 320 North S ■“for supper Miss Edith Gamble of the Instil ition Manapement Department vmU spell on \itimn Vitilitj ind Victory —THOMA
nesday, Febiuaiy 17 Vlead lolinson & Companj, 7ic IrncI Mifhigin—Interested in'hac teiiologists 1 astman Kodak Company Ro Chester Now York—Interested in April rnd August EE MF PSF Sign in Peisonnel Office h-\ S itur dry Febiuaiy 20
SpiddiwifdMu
WELCOME
CURTIS-WRIGHT CADETTES
Best Wisiies for a Pleasant and Profitable Stay at Purdue!
V
o\
Make Southworth’s Your HEADQUARTERS for Your Required BOOKS and SUPPLIES
★ New and Used Textbooks M NotebookS“Paper—Pencils ★ Laboratory Supplies—Equipment ★ Complete Line of Supplies
JhiL 3jahqsJtL SooIadoiiL. on, ihsL ^ampui&^
PURDUE BCCK&SIPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T LAFAYETTE IND.
SaJuihivDML