i
■'.,** '\ ' f'*’'?''’' “^V''. ' ‘ ■’'''' i«-y. -.‘4;A"^"'’'‘-'.H/^‘.‘’■s '<“'-'//?r’ '* ! ' ? ; ftf'.', c 4 ^ * J ^ ► ■ * .'. '■' '-Wrn^m^Wki' _ I r ' j ' j 1 > , , ' / ‘ "■ , I* I • , A ? . . ' ' " ' \ . - - n ^ ^
t'5
itlVETER RUNNERS Participate In Relays Tomorrow, Saturday
r S', / ‘
EDIT CRITICISES Dies' fnvestigdtions Of 'Reds'; See Page 2
eflabiiih«d 1889
Daily Since 1906
me 53, No. 176
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 24, lS42
Ifidependents To Hold Educators ing Dance Tonight Will Meet
iveters, 4-3
MRHr
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Soldiers In Tropics Face Serious Lack Of Quinine WASHINGTON, April 23. — Two headlines which blazed acro.ss the Washington panorama recently indicate pai’t of the reason why Federal Loan Czar Jesse Jones was ea.sed out of the policies and power's of the Defense Supplies, Metals Reserve, and Rubber Reserve Corporations, The headlines were: ARMIES FACE QUININE SHORTAGE WITH JAVA’S FALL BATTLE OF BATAAN ENDED BECAUSE QUININE PILLS RAN OUT The facts behind these headline constituted one of the things which jolted the President and causid ttfrti to transfer the buying of vital war supplies to Vice President Wallace’s Bureau of Econof^ic Warfare. What happened was this: Shortly after Pearl Harbor, the Wtfr’-PfWu^ion Board and the Bureau of Economic Warfare iir^ed jfesse Jones and his purchasing organizations to buy quinine. Ninety-five per cent of this drug comes from Java, which seem^ likely to fall. This drug is almost an all-out essential in combating malaria. And with thousands of U. S. troops slated to fight in the tropicc, malaria is about as dangerous as the enemy. Howevei’, Jesse Jones and staff waited. Sumatra fell. Then Java was attacked. The world’s only real source of quinine seemed sine to fall. Jones ordered a small amount. Then, on March 5, just one day before Batavia, capital of Java, was captured, Jones’ Loan Admmistiation finally sent a telegram, by this time ordering all the quinine there was to be had in Java—about 52,000, 000 ounces. The telegram was signed by Will Clayton, Texas fi iend oi Jesse’s and Deputy Fcdeial Loan Administrator. Wishfully, the telegram spoke of June and July dchvciy. But not one ounce of quinine will evei be delivcied from that older. Prior to this frantic telegram, the WPB and BEW bad held many meetings with Jones’ staff inging the purchase of quinine. (See Merry-Go-Rouiul On Page 2) Meter Engineers To End Conference In Union Today The final session of the Metei Conference will be held this morning at 9 in the Union. Approximately 50 meter engincei's, i eiiresenting manufacturers and users of electi ic meters, and members of the metei committee of the Edison Electi ic Institute and the Association of Edison Illuminating Companies are attending the two day conference. The Dupcan Electijc Company is acting ns host to the conference, which IS devoted to technical phases of meter development and is a quarterly meeting of those concerned with this phase of electrical developmept,
Mahns Will Play; Formals Not Required Purdue Independent Association will hold its annual Spring dance tonight from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. in both ballrooms of the Union. Mpsic will be furnished by Maury Mahns and his campus band. A reception will be held at intermission for 15 'visiting students from Butler and Indiana universities and Franklin College; and members of the old and new association boards will be present at the affair which will be held in the Old Chestnut Roorp. No Formal Dress Contrary to previous announcements concerning the dance, the type of dress will be optional. Those attending the dance will not be required to wear semi-formal attire. Street clothes or evening- clothes arc in order for women, and busine.ss suits are acceptable for men. The dance is fice to PI A members Init all otheis must pay fhe jpi.lO price.
Today At 10 Youngs Will Explain Notre Snu^d Scores
Lost And Found Articles Ends Today Today is the last day that unclaimed articles from the Student Senate Lost and Found will be on sale in room 257 of the Union. The sale will run from 8 in the morning to 5 in the afternoon exicept during lunch hour. Over half ot the articles offered in the sale were sold yesterday, but there are still a great many things to be purchased at reasohable prices. No articles are offered for more than twenty-five per cent of their original values. The articles, collected from the various schools on the campus, the residence rooms in the Union, the Music Hall, and other buildings on the campus, include books, coloied kerchiefs, pens, slide rules, compacts, hats, gloves and other articles of clothing. Don Thomas and Jack Sandleben are in charge of the sale. WAA To Sponsor Mixed Recreation WAA will hold the last mixed rec1 cation of the semester tonight from 7:30 to 10 in the Memoiial Gymnasium. Volleyball, badminton, pingpong and shufPleboard will be offered along with swimming as the main features of the evening. Dancing will be held from 9 to 10. Mixed reel cation will be continued this summer with games on the gieen north of the Ficldhouse.
Teachers To Revise Science Curricula As part of a plan to reorganize the curricula in high schools throughout the state, a number of scientists, educators and high school principals will meet in the-Union at 10 this morning to discuss revision of science curricula in Indiana high
schools.
Several universities throughout Indiana have been assigned the task of revising some part of the high schools’ courses of study. The University has organized the State Curriculum Committee on Science, under the supervision of Prof. B. L. Dodds, of the division of education and applied psychology, and Prof. Karl Lark-IIorovitz, head of the physics department. Hold First Meeting Today At the initial meeting this morning Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will explain the purpose of the committee, which is to bring together men engaged in the practical field of science and teachers in both high schools and universities. Prof. Laik-Horovitz will advise the group on coordinating their activities with the Cooperative Committee on Science Teaching. He has been associated actively with the latter organization, formed recently to provide better trained teachers for high school courses in science and math. At a luncheon today. Dr. H. R. Havighurst of the University of Chicago will give an address on ‘Science Education.” Other speakers at the morningsession will include: Di. Kail Menger,'- Notro Dame, who will discuss “The Place of Mathematics in Science Education in the Secondary School”; Dr. James Mackell, Indiana See SCIENCE MEETING on page 4
'Problem Of Kakeya’
Menger Talks On New Trends In Mathematics Dr. Karl Menger, associate professor of mathematics at Notre Dame University, spoke last night to an assemblage of math instructors in the lecture room of the physics building. His topic was “Modern Trends in Mathematics.” Menger opened his talk with a brief discussion of analytical geometry and differential and integral calculus. He said that these contained the basic fundamentals of higher mathematics and that they had become just tools that “every sophomore learns and becomes able to handle.” Quality Theorie.s Used Now Modern mathematics deals with quality instead of the quantity theories that the math we are used to takes up. All math of this type has to do m some respect with the problems of human nature. In contrast with other forms of mathematics one tries to derive a maximum of statements from a minimum of assumptions and to leave nothing su-
perflous.
This modem trend in math can be applied to almost any problem in any field. At the present, much work (See MENGER on page 4)
Music For Dancers
s
Requests Textbooks For War Prisoners Local branch of the World Student Service Fund, in conjunction with the War Prisoners’ Aid of the YMCA, is sponsoring a drive to collect books for those students from other countries who have been forced to give up their studies because they aie prisoners of wai. This relief organization is conducting the present drive with the purpose of collecting textbooks which Univeisity students have used and which are now obsolete. Boxes for contributions will be placed in Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Book Stoic and the Student Book Exchange.
Here’s Mud In Your Eye . . . Phi Tau, KDR Maulers Continue Annual Wagon Battle Tonight
Juniors
All juniors who have not completed company interview lists or who are not interested in having interviews, please contact the Personnel Representative of your school before Saturday, April 26. I W. E. Vogler Director ol Personnel
By Don Frier When the sun sets behind the stadium tonight, the staunch young men of Kappa Delta Rho will cepne chaiging out of their house, down the fioiit lawn and acioss the highway. Waiting foi them will be the hardy neophytes of Phi Kappa Tau. The bastion of the defenders will be a laige fai-in wagon placed in the center of a specially piepaied mudhole. Such is the setting for the annual tussle between the pledges of the two fraternities. Old Tradition The first encounter took place dining Hell Week in the spring of 1928. The KDR pledges werg returning from the Post Office with the mail— on a hay wagon—when the Phi Tau actives decided that their pledges should mix it up with the KDR’s. The wagon was drawn off the road into Stuart Field, conveniently muddy at the time, and the first brawl took place. Since that^ year the tracas has been an annual affair with the two houses alternating in procuring and defending- the wagon. Any man who has not previously participated in the scrap is eligible to fight foi his house.
The wagon is always sunk, hubdeep m mud and has never changed hands m the course of any fight. In fact, it-usually loquiies a team of hoises to vvro.st the wagon from the mud after the brawl. Consequently, each group endeavois to muddy-up and do-pants the opposition. The Phi Tail’s claimed a moral victory last year when one of the KDR’s was forced to take to the hushes aftei only a Jew minutes of battle. On the othei hand, the KDR’s believed themselves to be the victois by reason of the Phi Tail’s having spent more inan-mmutes completely! submeiged in the liquid muck. The Phi Tau men have been watering the twenty-foot square mudhole for the past two days. As for the camp up on the hill, rumor has it that they have engaged a professional electioneer to coach the boys 111 the art of mud-slinging. Spectators Invited Those who feel they are capable of witnessing the gory encounter without swooning- are invited by the officials of both houses to watch the fun.
Saturday night’s regular Union mixer will be held in the north ballroom from 8:30 to 11 presenting- Bob Fowler and his orchestra as “An Invitation To Dance.” Bob and his boys have been playing for many engagements throughout the state, including a campus appearance at one of last fall’s mixers. Fowler applies his talents on the marimba in the Red Norvo style, and with the Bobcats, a small swing combination. He is a graduate of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music and has played with seveial name bands. The backdrop for the mixer will consist of a blue and wine cambiic backgioimd with spangled letters. C. M. Zimney Elected Chairman Of SAE Chailes M. Zimney, sophomore mechanical engineei, was elected chan man of the Univeisity branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers at their last meeting of the cm rent school year. Othei officeis elected at that time arc as follows: B. A. Savery, publicity vice-chair-man; F. A. Gi'abert, membership vice chaiiman; S. R. Lloyd, program vice chairman and L. G. Lay, secretaiy tieasuier These officeis will hold their positions during the next two semestoi s. S, R. Mooie of the New Yotk main office of the S.A.E was entertained at a dinner m the Chestnut Room in the Union last Thursday by officers and faculty sponsors of the University chapter. The local chapter of S.A.E. will hold its annual jiicnic next Thursday.
By Bill Guernsey Two papers will be presented by members of the faculty of the department of mathematics at the 19th annual pieeting of the Indiana section o? the Mathematical Association of America at Wabash College tomorrow. Famous Puzzle Dr. J. W. T. Youngs will discuss the “Problem of Kakeya.” This famous puzzle attempts to determine the least possible area that will be swept out by ^Uine in making a complete I’evolutim. It has been proved that this area may be as close to zero as desired instead of the area of a circle whose diameter is the line, as one might suppose on first thought. An illustration might be the area it would be necessary to excavate in order to construct a harbor of sufficient size to allow a boat to enter, to turn completely around and leave. Neglecting- the width of the boat, it can be proved that this ai-ea may be as small as desired. Actually, of course, this is not a practical application because the width of a boat cannot be neglected. The “Problem of Kakeya” is siinply an intriguing- puzzle, probably without applications. It has an interesting history, having been proposed by Kakeya, an ancient Japanese philosopher, who also suggested an incorrect solution. A correct solution and proof evadeij mathematicians for a long time, until Besicovitch, a Russian officer in the last war, arrived at the correct answer and proof accidentally and independently of any knowledge of the Japanese problem. Shreve, Keller Will Speak Dr. D. R. Shreve and Dr. M. W. Keller will speak on the results of a diagnostic testing and remedial teaching program which they have been using for the past three years on freshman engineering students in the University in an endeavor to improve the quality of their work. Dr. Keller is also the secretary of the Indiana section of the Association. Fifteen other members of the mathematics faculty will attend the meeting.
Winning Run In Eighth Inning South Bend, Ind., April 23—(Special to Purdue Exponent) —With two men out and the score tied in the last half of the eighth inning, Ed Misselhom, Boilermaker pitcher, walked Smullen on four consecutive balls to force in Tallet with fhe winning run as the Irish downed the Fehring forces, 4-3, Up to this points the tall Riveter sophomore had been matching pitches all the way with the Rambler moundsman. Three ^ errors helped the Ramblers
annex their second victory of the current campaign over the
Boilermakers.
The Irish scored in the last half of the first inning without the benefit of a hit. With two men gone Bill Burghardt threw low to first on Hiller’s grounder. Hiller then stole second, and scored when first baseman Bob Riley dropped third sacker Ernie Young’a throw on Chlebeck’s grounder. In the last half of the third Notre Dame added another tally when left handed batter Hiller dribbled a
Fifty Men Attend
Food Locker
Conference Here
War-time emergency operation of locker plants today occupied thespttention of approximately 50 men who attended the opening sessions of the second annual conference of the Indiana Frozen Food Locker As-
sociation held yesterday in the Un- double through third. After two ion. men were out Goi-e lined a single
to left to score Hiller. Three Runs In Fifth
The Boilemakers did all their scoring in the first half of the fifth inning. Bob Riley got things under way after one man was out with a single to center.-Walt Smith followed with a single to left. Riley
Wayne C. Carver, Des Moines, Iowa, editor of Locker Patrol magazine, declared that the war presented the biggest challenge yet to face the industiy in an address before
the conference.
Persons attending the conference, which will end today, were welcomed
to the campus by L. E. Hoffman, as- moved to third on the hit and Snuth sociate agricultural extension direc- -went to second on the throw in.
Pitcher Ed Misselhom was the next man up and he fanned. Bill Burghardt kept the rally going when he singled sharply to center to score both runners. Duffy Friend came through with a smash to left center that was gobd for two bases and sent Bill Burghardt across^ plate. Hairy McFerr-en walked fd put men on first and second, Ibat Ernie Young flied out to second ba^e
tor. New officers will be elected during the final business session. Ag Frosh Will Hold Livestock Judging Contest Tomorrow
Anpual Freshman Livestock Judg-
ing Contest will be held tomorrow in inning
the judging pavilion on the University farm. Approximately sixty freshman agricultural students will
Irish Tie The Score
Notre Dame tied the score in the
judge eight rings of livestock and ^^st half of the seventh with a little appear before committees to give help from Lady Luck. Smullen sinthe reasons for their decisions. Com- gled through second, but was forced mittees will be composed of faculty ut second when Hipp fielded Sobek’s
line drive and threw to Bill Burghardt for the out. Sobek then stole (See BASEBALL on page 3)
Sigma Xi, national leseaich honorary, held its annual initiation last 'Saturday. Among the new initiates are one alumnus; 52 men who are members of the teaching- or research staff of the University and will either obtain their Ph.D. degree during 1942, or have already done so; 30 graduate members who are working on their master’s degree; and 'IG undergraduate members. The chapter elected Pi of. E. S. Ault, Mechanical Engineering; Prof. C. L. Shrewsbury, agricultural chemistry; and Prof. H. J. Yearian, physics, to the Electoral Board for the term 1942-44.
members and senior students who were on the livestock judging team
last semester.
The program will begin at 8 a.m. and continue until evening when there will be a dinner at the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. Winners will be announced there. Howard J. Brandt, Wabash, secretary of the American Belgian Horse Breeders’ Association, will be the speaker.
Beta Sigma Psi social fratei'nity, announced
cers:
Walter Rafert, vice president; Edward Truman, house manager; Paul Seehausen, secretary; Mike Yoder, treasurer; Elmer Laker, athletic manager; A1 Pastrick, social chairman; Charles Bosma, iiish chairman; Paul Bussing, file-keeper; Dick Kasting-, corresponding secretary; and Prank Vegh, assistant tieasurer.
J.H. Hilton
... of the University staff, will attend the national Blown Swiss judging school in Beloit, Wisconsin, from April 30 to May 2
Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, April 27, at 4 p.m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President
Caryette Chorus es' To Beauties In Fowler By Jack Tierney Fast, furious action is the keynote of “Bojang-les,” Cary Club version of “Hellzapoppin,” to be given tomoirow night in Fowler Hall, staitiiig promptly at 7:30 and lasting until 9. Dick Cast, chairman of the production, recently announced that he had secured the services of the Caryettes, noted chorus of male beauties. They will perform one of the best acts in their repertoire, a sort of glorified can-can, in the inimitable Caryette style. As this will probably be their first and last appearance in this vicinity or any vicinity, it is a real opportunity for all lovers of dancing. Minstrel Entertainers The Blackout Boys, minstrel group, will give out with the latest in gags. They have just completed an extensive tour of the downtown
Everett Matauley
Speaks To Seniors In Agriculture School
Everett Macauley, instructor of vocational agriculture at Cutler High School, spoke before the University agi'iculture seniors yester-
the election of the following offi- School Youth Richard Gerke, president; which he has been super-
vising at the school.
As a part of the program Macauley has held two training courses for auto mechanics five nights a week for eight weeks, with a total of 25 high school students attending. Local mechanics have condiwted the instructional work. At the present time he has thirteen pupils enrolled in a metal-working class which is also meeting in three-houn class periods, five nights a -week. W. A. Williams, of the Universitydivision of education and applied psychology, is on leave of absence to handle the state-wide Out of School Youth program for the State Department of Public Instruction., Coed Billiard Contest Will Begin May 10 Coeds who are interested in leaim ing to play billiards or who want to practice should see Frank Whitney in the billiard room of the Union to the near future if they desire to enter the coed billiard contest, which is a part of an annual nation-wide tournament, to be held May 10, The contest is being sponsored by Charles C. Peterson, president the National Billiard Associatioiti, and results of the local matches will be sent air mail to a centrally located college, probably Cornell this year to determine the national winner. Peterson will award a trophy to the winning team of five co^* and prizes will be given to the first, second and third place local witt-
Lafayette spots and should bo in the peak of condition. One of the star acts in last year’s production, the Rebels, have agreed to a return engagement. They will repeat songs popular at last year’s
show.
‘Junglebunnies’ ’Po Appear Besides these acts and many others, including a magician, an installment in that famous radio serial, “The Junglebunny Family,” and a tight-rope expert who will walk from the balcony to the stage on a slim piece of wire, theie will be action between and during acts to keep the audience as confused as possible. Music will be furnished by Joe Lockwood and his Cary Club band. “Never .a dull moment,” remarked Dick Cast. “We are so sure of this— that we will refund the free admission charge to anyone who is not satisfied.”
ft-'- ' -
m
%.& ■
Exponent Editorial And Feature **
Friday^ April 24, 1
^f--,i-.rg>gi»fe^rj'-»t,:,*.v*--^-*^'‘»t.'
FSirdiHe Fxipbnent Att-JskiSife^Jtan VS>4t)-'41
^ E<jirb^iji1 A'nd Btisiness, furdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 editorial Phohe After 10 p. m., 5377
.j-ti»!*i nK Editor nti« Monoffer . . lalion Mahaerr ;^itor .;,...
John F. Anios Don T. Brdphy John H. Armstrong . William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemrc .......... Alice Chatfield
PubUcatidtt Staff
Associate Editors
l^fdtial Staff: R. W. )3oswiriklc, D. E. Butz, W. G, Hoskins,
iX.-p. Hunter. D. W. Ochiltree. W. E. Rufert.
SpOHo Staff; D. E. Brewer, .]. S. O.-iwson, E. L. Karpick,
ft. W. Kriceer.
Coed staff: Sally Benll, Charlotte Hn.ss, Joan iJiuer, Doris
Pickering.
fiusiiiess Staff
Cdied Business Manager: Julia Martin. AdrittflBing Managers; J. M. Wrlirht, D. E.
Managers 0- H-. RIputnnn.
vUB Jli^fc rlTlsni^n '
ifttfat liltinaf^pr:' Trcnn 'l^orrenK.a.
Ihlor Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, .Tnne Keim.
Staff For This Issue ^Jiiiit tdiiot: Rifert Day Editor: Beall fiiiiioii^s Editor: Karpick l.ssuc Editor: Ty.son Vbtik',. I.,auer. Frier, Faw'cett. Vorniilion, Tierney, Ftcyman, Guernsey, Scheid, Ackeritian. .Entered as second class matter at tfie post office in LafayiUit.lndifin'jr. under the act of Cohgirbss d( Match 3, 1879, add kt'th^ .special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Sil' OT Octoher 4; 1917, a'Uih'oriied January 20, 1922. Published 4^b'. .except Monday during the regular academic year and wictif^ dtnririg the summer Session. Delivered locally by cartiir for $2.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. Represented for national advertising l)y National Advertise ih'g Service, Inc., College Putilishers Representatives, 420 Mjdlson Ave., New York, N. Y. ,
^VUSWKTOM liiiiinr-QO-iiouM> (Continued from page 1) • Lives Vs. Dollars At biid time, .a BEW offieial told an inter-govevn-mdnt meeting which was arguing about quinine puvcHases; “If the war is over early and we are left with a lot of quinine on our hands, then we, have only wasted dollars. But if the war la.sts a long time then we’ve wasted live.s.” And it now looks as if that were what would happen. It is not fair, of course, to blame Jones for failure to send quinine to Bataan. But it remains an unfortunate fact that for U. S. troops in Africa, Persia, India, North Australia, and the West Indie.s—to say nothing of United Nations troops in these and other ai-eas—have a pitifully small reserve of quinine. ft consists chiefly of 3,165,000 ounces purchased by Jesse Jones from Merck and Co., which had had the foresight to order it long a.go. .Thus this was merely a tr’ati.sfer from a U. S. firm to a government firm of quihirib already here in the United States. It did not eilrith oiir total quinine supply. We also have some reSeiweSl but added all together, the total is pitifully srhiill for a nation at war. And if we had acted early enough we could have had Jaiila’s total annual output of 52,250,000 ounces. • Army Lemonade The War Department is making preparations to serve lemonade to American soldiers iii the tropics. Expierts in the Quartermaster Corps have hit upon a method of dehydrating lemon juice, so that the essence can be preserved and transported in the form of crystals. This is the first time in military History that the regtilai- Ariny rations have included lenionade. But the ^Quartermaster General makes no apologies. He says, it is not only a refreshing drink Iwit also is full of vitamins. Here is the Army recipe for lemonade: one elev-en-ounce can of lemon crystals, and one gallon of water. Shake well before using. The French poilu make have his wine, the British Tomrtty Kis beer, but the Yank gets his swiR of lemonade. • Nbi’ "f ime In Nazilaind The Senate Patents Committee recently listened to testimony on the business aspects of the cartel deal between Remington Arms Company and the Rhein-isch-We.stfaolisclie Sprengstoff Company of Germany, whereby Remington, though a friendly U. S. company, agreed not to .sell an ammunition ingredient to Great Britain. Also the Senate Conimittce discovered there was a chummy “social” .side to the cartel business. ^Justice Department attorney Allen Dobey caused I'ipples of laughter when he l ead a letter written by A. A. Diclco, former Remington vice president, who Went to Cologne, Germany, to negotiate the ammunition deal. Describing a dinner he had with R. W. S. officiaks, Dicke wrote: . “That certainly was a tieat. You can imagine the rare wines, champagnes, foods, etc., not to mention some 1828 cognac which was used to drink a special toast to the friendshii) of the two companies and to the success of our plans for cooperation to mutual benefits. Dr. Muller (head of R. W. S.) is also well acquainted with the duPonts, who usually stay at/his home when they are in Cologne.” Remington Arm.s is a duPont subsidiary. R. W. S. is a subsidiary of 1. G. Farhenindu.strie, giant German eheniical trust, which curtailed production of several vital war products in the United States through cartel ,agre('ment.s with large U. S. firms, • Pblitical-Go-Round Montana politicos are charging that the power'ful personal machine of isolationist Senator Burt Wheeler is .secretly trying to dictate the tickets of both Republicans and Democrats in order to prevent the selection of candidates hostile to Wheeler . . . Privately, national Republican chiefs are not happy over the primary victory of Repre.sentative Efepnen Day, isolationist Illinoian who put out (wo books through the Flanders Hal^Co., Nazi pufelisAliig fitm. State GOP leadepUlried to lick him, but Day skinned through by a relatively narl ow margfu- Rt'PUblicans fear that his name on the jiarty ticket wilt play into the hands of the Democrats . , . Siate Democratic leaders are doing a lot of cdrtiii^aitiihg fhat local Office of Price Administration ufficials are being chosen from the ranks of ^oseveit-haters. (Copyi’ight, 19-12, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Ownei’fi of big Outo-caiTying tiucks in Noi th Carolina are planning to convert them into passenger vehitlt'fi i'o^‘ the deration.
tlddmerican Martin Dies,.. lA las!It Ith^s^ls If 0Ui “uhameflcaTi*’ iflvestigatdft iS Hifft^felf 'itt fbr a littie investigating. Dies has feguitfl'ly siM’ 1-igorousl.v condemned various government a^ehcles fdi’ having within their ranks commuhlsts, hear cbmmumsts and fhigKt-b'e communists. His last and greatest list he turned over recently to the government wilh the demand that more than a thousand employees be fired for “red” activities. These' names wete dutifully investigated by the Federal Bureau f'of Investigation arid a fepdrt was rfiadb to'Attorney Geriefal Frattcis Biddle. The list was found to contain several hide-bound Republicans and anti-New Deal Deiriocrats as well as many loyal supporters of the Roosevelt adihihisttaticiri. (In a list of more than a thousand we suppose a few errors will slip in.) Disregarding these obvious slips, however, the FB! fbilhd vbry few who had ever been identified with comihunism arid nriost of these few were borderline cases. In other words it looks as if Mr. Dies might have done as well had he taken the harries of all gbverritrient erhploj^ees arid placed tKeiri in the famous fishbowl and had a lottery to pick the “commies.” This in ordinary times might be regarded as one of the tangents that our legislators .seem prone to take but when hundreds of axis propagandists sieze updn the'ae ekpb^es to prove the superiority of the Aryans arid yellow Aryans it becomes eraticism that cannot be condoned. Because of this last group cif cases it appears that Attorney General Riddle rids ebihe to feel that Dies is irifinitely rnofe harrilfui to our countTy and its morale than the activitie.s his ebrnrriittee is investigatirtg. He has conducted an investigation on the investigation of the FBI and is apparently ready to clamp down on the representative from Texas. When he clamps there will undoubtedly be some strong opposition frofn the conservative Southern Democrats and frorri the ex-isola-tionists becau.se they will regret losing one of their nosiest fellow travelers.
‘Maybb women CAN take over men’s' jobs, but I’d ceftairily feel silly woriking for one!”
University Calendar Friday, April 24
9:00 A.M,—Frozen Food Locker’s Conforoiico 9;00 .'V.M.—State Wide Planning Committee for Industrial Education , 9:00 A.M.—National Meter Conference ....
A Southern department store stated a .special sale of its “made-in-Japan” goods and bought Defense Bonds with the proceeds, while a Baptist congregation in Menphis, Tenn., bought Defense Bonds with its building funds—the he.st security against being “bombed out.”
10:00 A.M.— Committee on Secondary School Science •1:30 P.M.-—Cosmopolitan Club Meeting .... 4:00 P.M.—Farm Management Fish Fry 7:30 P.M.—InteiTraternity Fellowship .... 7:30 P.M.—Mixed Recreation 8:30 P.M.—P. I. A, Novelty Dance .. .../
.East Faculty Lounge, .Union
.Room 212, Uniori . Rooms'355 and 363, ' Union .Room 263, Union Room 304, Union Room 307, Union .Women’s Gymnasium .Both Ballrooms, Union
UL
ue
Editor's Note: The followiiiK i.s token from the editorial page of the Exponent of December Hi, 1924, the year that final cx.'im.s first made their aiipearance at Purdue. SENSATIONS
Cold, very cold. Cold and clean. Cold and clean and crystal. Sun as bright and as Cold as the ice it beats on. Snow white. ,
Cold and deserted. Quiet, very quiet. The campus. The clock chimes olT two notes. Seven thirty. Still and cold. ' Three chimes. A peculiar aii' of impending happen.in,gs. But still cold and quiet.
• Five minutes. No longer quiet; A groat rush of hurrying students. The campus blackened with a line of hurrying people. All cold. All expectant. All expectant. All going .some place. Five minutes more. Colder. Sun brighter. More people. Great cx'pectancy. The eight o’clock chime. Quiet. Cold desci'ted. Now let us move inside. We .sec cUissc.s assembled before instructors who are a little conscious of the fact that this is llic first final examination they have ever given. A little anxious as to just what comment the class as a whole will make. Whether they will work or vvhethcr they will get to work without any preliminary. talk. He wonders how many questions they will ask. How many will pass. Whether the brightest students will he the brightest on the exam or whether the' tables' will ho reversed. Many sensatidn.s.
The student a little more uncertain than the insti'uetor. He notices the peculiar little qiiiziiioal .smile aljout the instructor’s lips, misinterprets it, and promptly begin.s to hate him whole heartedly, A few tense still moments. The cla.s.s is filling out the front page of the examination book. Might as well do that too. Third question looks possible. Might as \vell try it. '
Time hurries by. Instructor sits down ifi a relieved complacency to await the pleasure of the class. Time still goes on. Oh, well. This counts only a fifth (if the grade. .Shucks! Very still. But more peneiks are scratching. The clock strikes on unnoticed. What, some students leaving already! Hurried consultation of watch. Ten' d’eloek. Have to hurry. Uneasy stirs in the room. More vigorous scratching of pencils. Instructor takes position by growing piles of completed cxaminalions. More .stuflents leave. Ten-thirty! Ought to be nearly done. No, several to go. riurry, hurry, A peculiar dizzinc.s.s! Head hot! Drain throbbing! Instructor looks at watch. Pile of completed exams higher and higher. Students on both sides get up and .go. Ten fourty five. With a mighty effort the pencil is pushed to the limit. A strong finish after/ tv/o hours and forty nine minutes of the race. About twentieth. Oh, well! Must have gotten more than that. Great possiitilities. Many students in hall talking it over. Great hubbub. .Still cold outside. tVhat was that—the second question counted only ten points—and I thought it counted fifty! Oh, Lord! Well—must have pa.ssed it at least. The camptfs ru.sh.' 'The first examination is over.
{Personnel l^otes Dean Gilkey Will Speak Chemicals and Chemistry Majors On 'Grasshoppers
General Anilino and Film Corporation are interested in obtaining a limited number of men receiving their Bachelor’s or Master’s degrees who may have aptitudes for production and development. According to Mr. Kirk of the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, “General Anilino and Film Corporation now offers remarkable opportunities for rapid advancement of young men who can prove their ability.”:—Degering.
Chemistry Majors: .
The Starch arid Dextrdse Division of the Northern Regional Laboratory at Peoria, Illinois, arc adding to their personnel as of July 1st, as.sistant technical and Scientific aids with an SP-4 rating at ?1,600 a year. Requirements are 16 hours of chemistry as a minimum. Also,, Junior Chemists with a rating of P-1'at $2,000 per year. Requirements are about 35 hours of chemistry as a ♦ninimum. Both meri and women are
employed.—Degering.
COMPANIES SCHEDCLEI) TO
VISIT CAMPUS —
Bell Aii'crallCorporalidn, Birffalo, N. Y., April 23 and 24. Oliver Farm hkiuipmeiu Co., Battle Ci'cek, Mich. M.E. Sign in Per.sonnel Ollice by Monday, April 27. IK.'A iMfg. Co., Camden, N. J.— Junior and Craduate Electrical and Mechanical Engineers for summer employment. Sign in Persoumd Office by Friday,. April 24, Union Oil Company of Califoi nia, r.ps Angades, California. Jimioi; M.E. and Ch.E. fori summer work. Sign in Personnel Ollice by 'I'ues-
day, Ap'i'il 28. .
Liherly Nhifiial Iirsurance Co., New York/'.N. Y. Men and women for pos'ition.s as Claims Adjusters
Dean Charles W. Gilkey of the Rockefeller Memorial Chapel of the University of Chicago will speak at the First Methodist Church next Sunday evening at 7. His subject will
be “Grasshoppers or Giants.” .
Dean Gilkey has been connected with the chapel of the University of Chicago since 1928. Prior to that time ho was the ministci' of' the Hyde Park Baptist Church on that campus,. He lias appeared here several times ais a speaker in the re-
ligious convocation/series.
The W’esley Foundation, which is sponsoring this meeting,, ha.^^ announced that it will be operi to all students and the .general public. and Inve.stigators. Coming April 27. Si.gn in Porsonnel Office by ?don-
day, April 27.
Standard Oil ol Indiana. Ch.E., M.E, for (lo.sign and. inspection work; Sign in Personnel Office by noon
Friday, April 24.
9:55 News 1(5:1{) 'I'h'e Ciu’io Man 10:15 Morning Melodies 10:46 Theatre,of. Sdng 10:56 News llfOO “World History Since 1914” with Prof. Frank Hall 11:60 Purdue News , 11:65 News 12:00 Agricultural Forum 12:30 Meet the Band 12:56 News Ifdcl Sbuvenir.s 1:30 Better Vision 1:45 Markets l;fi5 News 2 :il0 Story a Day 2:15 Treasury Star Parade 2:30 Mrs, C. W. Plemmer—pianist 2:56 News 3:00 Special Musical Series X Lafayette Music Society 3:30 Marjorie 'M’illiamsori.—singer 3:45 Music 3:5’d Nevv.s 4:00 Tea Time Tunes •4:30 Mr. A; P. Stowat't’.s Music Organizations 4:45 The Curio Man 4:56 News 5:00 Campus Roundtalilo 5:30 Vespers 6:45 Little Mi.ss Muffett 5:56 News 6:00 Dinner Hour 6:1')0 Sportsf Review 6:45 Next Week at Purdue 6:55 News 7:00 Lafayette Little Theatre 7:30 Alberta Schmadel—singer 7:45 Music 7:55 News 8:00 P.I.A. Rortim 8:30 Russ Graefnitz—pianist 8:45 Eycritide Echoes 9:00 Union Mixer 9:55 News 10:05 Off the Air X 1. West-Side High School 2. Jefferson.High School 3. Purdue WqtnOri’s Club 4. Lafayette Mu.sic Society Bridge Club Sponsors Nigfif Mofidiy Univerisit.v Bf'idgC Cltih vvill sponsor a guest night next Monday evening in the East Faculty Louri.ge of the Union at 7:30. The chairman of the organization. Prof. E. F. De.gering, will he in char,ge of the incet-
iu,g.
All duly qualified members of the University Club are invited: to bring guests to this meeting. Both'members and .guests will be eligible- for prizes. Prof. Degering has requested that each inemher be accom'pariied by a preari'an.ged ifartner.
Wilfk To , United States (Jivii SeVvice ‘Cbfn-i-mission |s now offering Work to junjor chemists in the fielcls of resefii'cff and other investigatidri woffc ’ffe positions pay $2,000 per year. No written teat is rcquirefl'for ap'-i hlicafits, ;whq iriust have eofvffilgMtL3Ci semester hotirs of chefriistriy (Uit-1 ing a four-year colle.ge course, and , previous experience in tltis type bf i work is hot necessary althdugH pt’efr erence in appointment will' be gWon to those sho-wing such experience.; , WTimen Needed .Women especially are urged to apply, since navy yard arsenals and » government laboratories are employing, women in eheraical Vyofik; Applicatiorii. formsrndy -bd'-Ob-tained from first and s6c.9hd class post o(dcbs and shbiiUl be sb.rifio line Civil Set’vicO. CdmmisSloriv 'Washitig*
ton, D. C.
Army Air Fol’ce ■j uK p 'vJt .e To R^rujf For Flii[ufeSi^rvi(& Plans to recruit men in the colleges and universities of the conn-; try to meet future requirements of the Army flying service were recently anno.unccd by fhe 'War Dejiartment. The plan will be put ifito effect to meet the increhsing nebds of the Army Air forces for air crows to man fighting planes and siffipm't- ' ing ground crews. . The plan allow.s stndcnt.s who become aviation cadet candidates to continue their education until actually required for Army training. Although students in this enlisted reserve are subject to call.to active duty at any time, conditions of the Ilian are such that they may be deferred providing their scholastic standard is satisfactory. , ; Students enlisted in the Air Fdreri reserve who are graduated or who may be called to duty before graduation will be ordered to active dtity and appointed Aviation Cadets \yi:th an opportunity to compete for commisSiqhs iti the same manner as oth-
er cadets.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Hook Stor^ Arrofls From Unfori fd'* Sammoiifl *29 **Do^c** Eppio *40
Everything for a College Eduealion DEAC’S
HELD OVER!
-4^—4 plus They Keep ibe (tc.irs A'Rollin'! SING YOUR WORRIES AWAY wifh Ecrt Lehr /line Havoc4— Patsy Kelly Baddy Ebsen Alvino Rey Orchestra
UilmiVlf Todety - Saturday
WA'iNiit lids, nc't'uii , •*««•': ...WAMIM BENNETT-CA60T-William St Arts TOMORROW AdvenI'ure! Action! ~^mmm
sclri We
Matgoiq .lINDSAt )|or,ry fAUy _ , lidiord SARIlitUlfSS w'illlom fAimUM Ceoijj [UVflANO Soinuil S, ilIKDS
Fresh as paint. Fbr lunhy ificirn.ings or happy dfterndohs of ploy. Two-piece cotton ptipilin. Easy tb get into b6cdij$e'dhts sparkling white snap fostenOti', Sizbs 9 to 15. Cdriye Originals Exclusive with LOEB'SBS
■ Vi
iSii^
Q^j^t^ms'
W$l^lrmes Totn&frow
By Ad Scheid
with, a vecoi’d of t\V6' wins aticl no ' loa^Vli^iilnd thein;" the Riveter iehri'iS teitm -Will m^efthe Big Ten title ftbih; Michigan Saturday ^ft^'i'iidbht at 2 o’clock on the home cpvltitsi, According to Coach Larry ilttfirhe, the Michigan racqueteers hftT^e.id well balanced combination agaijttliis yeat and should offer’one ■ of the toughest matches of the seasoititw,!'f . ; The Miehigan s'quad is practically thO •%niie. as it was last yeai' when the Wolverines marched off with the 'Teh title. Having lost only, one latterihap'this season. CdHch LaBree pjani tb use the same five-man coni- ^ bmiiti,tin against the eonfevence ehapipions that has proven success-fpl-ijh'. the .previotis Butler and Ball State irieets. Capt. Ray Lucht, Gus Armstrong,'Dicii Stettner, Ed Wells, and Walter Dudzinsky will play single^ matches, and probably Lucht apd Wells, will face Michigan’s, double^,combination, Next week promises to be the most
strenuous of the^season forthe.Riveter.s, with foiir games' facing them within seven days. DeRailw will arrive Monday for the only non-cdh-ference game of the week. Wednesday, the Boilermakers turn toward Champaign for an engagement with the mini, follow'ed by matches with Northwestern and Iowa, on Friday and Saturday. , TigCrs Next. Week « ■ DePauw was the only non-confer-ence team to beat the Riveters last yea*'. Coach LaBree is optimistic about the Boilermakei's’ chances Wednesday, however, because the GVeencastle squad has been decidedly w’eakened by the loss Of several lettermen. . \
Mel Ott the Giants manager has only beenthrowm out of a ball game three, times in 16 years as a player. He was ejected from the game this year during his first week as a manager.
Gill Yniiir Style Riglil Sliirls-— AiROT SHite
at
416
416 MAIN
HiivettrllBlirs tv For First Vicfory
Tryirig i\b ge£ in the yieto,by column for the fitst time, the Riveter link men will travel to Ohio Statp this weekend to indulge the Btickeyes in a little golf oil one of the most beautiful 36 hole courses ih the Big Ten. Previoti.s to this match the Boilermakers were downed by Notre Daine and NorthrVestei'n by siibstantial niai’gin.s. Biickeyes Always Strong This match iS. scheduled to come off Saturday in Columbus. As a r.ule Ohio State always comes up w-ith good golf teams and this' yeaV is ho exception. Ohio State every year takes the cream of the high school golfers of the state. At this time every year, a state high school golf contest is held, arid as a rule the better golfers of this event wind up .going to State. Coach Harry Allsp'aw iVill take a four man team with him to Columbus. Among the.se four w'ill be Wade Knipp, George Dahl, and Roger Sehutt. The fourth man will be one of the following: Fred Kroft, Dave Dittnler, and Douglas McDanieL Of the men named above Knipp, Dahl, Dittmer arid, McDaniel are seniors who earned their letters last year. Sehutt is a junior lett'erman, while Kroft is a senior also. Knipp is the defending state golf titlist. Last year the Riveters' won the state title With praetically the same team, but this year they just can’t get started. In the golfers’ first match of the season, the Irish of Notre Dame badly defeated them at South Bend, and last week the Wildcats of Northwestern beat the Riveters on their own course l'4tl> to f)y2. ’ . IM Schedules The rollowint? teams will piny bnseliall Friday ovenirn^ at 4:00: Diamond . • 1 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappn. 2 Lambda ,Chi Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pill. TrianKie, vs. Beta Siuma Psi. 4 Delta Ghi vs. Delta Upsilon. (i Ward 27 vs. Ward 8. r Ward. 25 vs. Ward 24. This is the last round of rrames for the fraternities, before the quarter-finals which will start Monday. We expect to play these finals ofV the first three days of next wcelc, so please sec that your teams report at the proper time. The Wards are ontcrinj? in Iho iiuartov-flnals and finals are expected to he played Tuesday. Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North , Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Uhdir Tfie Li^Kfs
If you were one of the crowd that went to Columbian Park for the night game that the Boileimaker ninb played against the Michigan 'Wolverines, you might like to see another" grime' under the lights. If you stayed at home and wished afterward that ypui had gone you riiight like to go if given another opportunity, or else, if this is your firist year here at Purdue you might consider a College grimb under the mazdas something extra special. ' Whichever class you happen to fall into, you may have your chance to see a night ball game if you will be aroriftd for the surinner seSsibn. There are many obstacles that muSt be overebiHe before the Boilbrmakers trot on the field to face some opponent iri a nocturnal engagement, but “Dutch” Fehring, vaysity baseball": coach, is doing-his best to arrange tlfe lamplight struggle. '■ ■ A First ‘ for Tkc ioiierinakers "La^t yeai’’s game against Michigan "Was the first night game played in the Big Ten; Befoi-e the game could be played, special permission had to be secured from the Big ’I'en faculty coriiraittee. In additiori the park was I'erited at cost, so that the expense'of staging the contest was not
prohibitive. ‘
It would not be possible to stage a night'game this semester because these evenings In ApriL and May are much too cool for the comfort of the fan or the physicaL well-being of thd ball playefs. So the only possibility is to plriy one of the games scheduled for the latter part of May under the lights, v WakfefielR Hits A Cpiig One Before last year’s gariie was played, many fans wondered just how good the game would be-dince neither tbam had any experience playing at night. Those who attended the game were treated to some very good baseball. The high spot of the game was Wolverine Dick Wakefield’s tbwering hbme run over the right center field fence. Graham Shines Again According to ,thb figures furnished by the Big Ten, Boilermaker Walt Smith. is among the first ten batters in the conference. Northwestern has four men in the first five places. Otto Graham, Wildcat sophomore, heads the list!of batters with a .600 average thus far. Evidently Graham is the coach’s dream, an athlete that manages to stand out in three sports. So far thi.s year he has .starred on the gridiron and the hardwood, and now he is doing all right for himself with the bat. AAU Meet Here Tomorrow While Coach Hermon Phillips and a few of his track men are at the Drake Relays, the rest of the squad Under the supervision of “Howie”' Wilkening, freshman coach, will be hosts at the 23rd Indiana AAU Track and Field Champion.ships to be staged at Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow afternoon at 2. Entries are expected froin Notre Dame, Butler, Indiana, and various other scbohls in the state. In addition to the varsity performers, there will be a good turnout of freshman stars running unattached. Since this is an AAU meet there will also be included in the entry list all runners registered with the AAU that wish to compete. More Names Added To Tars' Lineup Getting back to baseball, the Great Lakes baseball roster reads like an all star lineup. Included on the Great Lakes squad which is coached by Lieutenant “Mickey” Cochrane are several ex-big leaguers now in the navy. Ip the infield the Tars have Benny McGoy and Johnny Liicadello; ih the outfield are Joe Grace and Don Padgett; behind the plate are receivers Sam Harshany and Prankie Pytlak. Rapid Robert Feller is also due at the Waukegan training center, so there you have the makings of a team that could take on the best in the big league. This is the team that will oppose the Boilermakers in May. E.L.K.
By Jiih Ack^riiiatt
Fot the 33rd year the 0rake ftelaysi #111 ftdld 0$ spotlij^ht for the week-end’s festivities is 0Uiiis top hdfibfa today and tbnibrfdw at Des Moines, teams will be three* relay teams and a hurdler to
the Bbilermakers!, '
In 1910, 81 athletes competed in this evaiit, over 3,000 men participate in tljiese relajis. All of tli# ' -4 ■'''• ' schools will be - repres&i
except Indiana and €$iib
Skins Xiiescfay At Sports Spread
Sciidbis ffoirf till coriference; from the frorti jji^WoUri VkllSy' from other midwesteirn and the 'Westem sdhools. will be represented at
Next Tuesday evening WAA will event.
hold the annual Spi-ing Sports The Riveter.s, sent, nine,,mdn,;!|o Spread, last official gathering of the take par.t in the relays, Clatii^^ semester, at the WAA eaibih. Skiri^ Kron wijl run the hprdlea-J^‘^
will be awarded t6 the outstanding only individual entry foif the
senior girls of the year. ' ers while three relay teahia,‘ #M
A committee composed of staff make up the other entfiis. ;^^;
and students selects these girls on "’h® won the Illinois quadi^n^lw the basis of leadership, scholarship, clicking off the distiil^i-rtt
health and sportsmanship. They also j23.7, will be in top form for rnust have ,won a monogram, have ^ ,, a'4 point curhulative index and have Boilermaker Entries had a ebntinued interest in WAA Captain ■ Burt Anthony, ' during, their life rit the University. Arnold, Bill Bancher and All -1 AA j-.. •n’u-T A Archer Will mn the mile i'lflSf; All girls attending will hike out , , , a , a
to the cabin, at 5:30 for the picnic
supper. Following it will be group Arnold and Don Kemp wilt singing and awarding of numerals, difance relay. Last year ftiA monograms, cups, and skins. Both ^eam took third place the intramural and Class cups will relays for the Riveters _and^^^t
be awarded at this time.
woek they won the qua&&ng^f meet at Champaign. Vv'-',
Along with Texas, Notre
WAA office or from any
member for 30 cents.
All girls may attend the spread.
Tickets may he obtained from the ~ xt a . •, >4k5Z-
Michigan, Nebraska, and 0R}»couneil , r.. . T A
homa, the Riveters have vited to tako. part in a special This relay will be made quarter mile run, two 220
and a half mile run. Accprdiflil;!
Bill Easton, director of the
Baseball
(Continued from page 1)
a recoi’d time of 3:32.2. Top Notch Teams . Among the outstanding
[Don’t dress down for sports!
1 0TS OF MEN .slmn sports clothes because tlicy’re alraid of'looking like Mrs. Astor’s pet horse. But “it ain’t necessarily so.” For instance, Arrow makes sports sliirls tliat arc simple, and very good-looking. - on’ll look swell in them on the golf course, on the lawn, or in a soft-hall game. And you’ll /ceZ comfortable in them loo because they’re made for action and niadc to fit you riglit—sized like your otlicr Arrow shirts. Buy some today!
Mu
Buy Yoiir ARROW SHIRTS til:
Onick, ConvBfliBnt servIct"'- T; AppBtizini}, HBalthy FODM PlBasant, Ftifinldly ATMDSPHIRE PricBs that StrBss EEOiDMY al till! CAFETEIIA
MARL^INE DIETRICH co-stars wtih Randolph Scott and John Wayne in Frank Lloyd’s Universal picturization of the Rex Beach classic, “The Spoilers,” which starts Saturday at the Mars Theatre.
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the, Center of Activities
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
mir
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
second and scored on a wild pitch the university medley relays:by Misselhorn. be the best spectator' evehiki^y Tallet beat out a bunt to gain carnival. Anthony will', credit for his third hit in the last the quarter-mile spot' h£ilf of the eighth inning after Gaidke and Bahcker Chlebeck had walked. Both runners 220’s and Jentseh the: li^i advanced a base when Misselhorn Lagt year Texas, wd« this'ev^J
threw late to third on Gore’s hunt.
Double Play
Nowicki hit into a double play
when catcher Walt Smith fielded the relays are Notre his swinging bunt, stepped on home Texas, and Nebraslfa. Tli^ plate, and threw to first to complete t)e well represented" by the twin killing; Bernie Grimmins Hunter, Jim Heriitieyf was intentionally passed to fill -the O’Rourke. Hunter,-the la^ fA ... bases, but the Riveter’s straitegy two mile chrimp, is expecfe#fb went for naught when Misselhorndose to breaking Grfeg walked SmuHen to force in that all of 9:10; set; in' important run. tied for the Drake Ed Misselhorn turned in a fine last year, while DelAngy>-#^s >S^job on the mound for the Riveters 1941 shot put ohrimiiioff ST by holding the hard hitting Rarri- versity of PerirtSyiv^iff biers to eight hits. He struck out sides these three men Nottfc five and handed out four passes, one has also entered, a relay cottibidfeof which was intentionril. Srnullen, tion. ■ U'UlA the Irish hurler, struck out eleven Other outstanding irtdividiiaiil^m ,letters and walked only one. Walt the relays will be |;iee - .^ii^fek 'Smith with-two hits in three times Hegro star of Iowa; at bat was the top. hittef for the pole vaulter of Nebrhskax-,^^f* Boilermakers. Hams, pole vaulter frbtn ' , „ . ... . Pete WatkinS of Oklahdrifia'AThe followinir Truternities will play the, ' . . ^ ^ ---t U -- finals in hoi-seshoe doubles Friday eveninR champion high jUtliper; SiOtlg Witu at 4:00: Pi JCappa Phi, Kappa, Sisma, Phi n„Vv,pvnn<; other <5tar<5 K.appa. Phi Delta Theta. Beta ,Sigma Psi. nUmeiOUS Otnei SiaiS.
You know tKe si6ry'^ Aria lesson is there for all to read: closed—or turned into bre^din§ grdundll for »!• and hate. Freedom of speech'—v«r6o(en/ Frieeddih to choose your friends—verbofSnf »' A All need to learn is to obey!” ' Now they would attempt to put the yoke oi its—2km you. It must iidt happen herh! What^veF tie cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your p:#t,##-ll, college student, is clear. Ybu may not be kbki)^ a gun today, but yOu can help today Yo soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons thiy need for Victory. Put your dimes and dollars into fighting uniforili now by buying United States Savings Bonds afid Stamps. You’ll help hot only your country, yourself—^because you are hot aske’d to yoii^’ money, but to lend it. You Ytdrt buyflBk^ Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for a^ ktttb m IB ' ceuts. Start buying today—iimd keep 2^
Save . . . and Save America with U. S. S a V I n g s B 0 H D S A S f X■!l*i ^
A®
V H,,
PurHuS Exponent
iH!
,J ^ J >I f.
'^^xVfWW^yWrW^'^ f v^f”, Friday, 4pril §4, 1^
(Carriage Course Applications Due
Student Art Guild Exhibit Committee
All <?cnjoi« de'^mng to take the marriage couitc next semestei must fill out their applications, including name, addiess, telephone nunibti, faculty leference and icasoii foi ■wanting to take the comse, and sub rait them to Di HE Wilkening bj^ tomoirow Wilkening s office is in loom 116 of the Excciitno Building This course is open only to sen101 s, and those taking it will leceive two houis credit The class will meet once a week fiom 7 SO until 9 30
]) m
Union Board Invites Members To Picnic Annual Union Picnic will be held next Sunday at Shafei Lake All old and new mcmbeis aic united to at tend The picnic is sponsoied each wear b> L M Vallely of the Union foi boaid membeis and then dates Filed chicken, icecieam and punch ■will be seiyed Recication will m elude boating lollci skating and dancing All membeis who plan to attend will meet at the Student Un ion Office at 12 30 on Sunday aftci noon Monger Speaks (Continued from p ige 1) is being done in the fields of soeiol ogy, physics psychology and biol ogy Mcngei said ‘If any mathc matics can win the wai this mod ein mathemaiics may hel]) iis ic tain the peace ” Worked In Vienna Di. Mcngei was famous s a ^tu dent of mathematics long bctoic Ins days in the UniyeiSity of Vienn i There ho was intoicstcd m math foi its logic and in claiifymg it Joi tho student At the Unueisity of Notic Dame, his icoigani/ation of tlir cn lire curnculum hi ought icvivcd in terest from Bill parts ol the campus In 1936 Dr Mcngci was elected vice-picsidcnt of the Internatioml Congress of Mathematicians held in Oslo, Noiwaji In 1932 he addicsstd this body at its precious mcctn g in Zurich, Switi'ciland Dr Monger will speak at a meet ing of science instiuctois this ift ernoon at 4 30 in the Pccilrlion Building Union Witt Present Last Tea Dance La‘-t tea dance of the seincstoi will be held in the \oich Bill oom of the Union tomoiiow iii,tuiuon from 3 until 5 30 There will be an admission fee of ten cents roi cas while coeds will be admitted iici. All students aie inyited to attend Music will be furnished by iccoid
mgs
Paul Royster spoke last night on The Pi os ent Status of Ciyilian Defense in This Count! y,” befoie a meeting of the Ciyil An Patrol in the Armory Rojstci IS chairman of the Tippi canoe County Ciyilian Defense Boaid
is composed of Bonnie Fieldei, Maigaret Pennington Cuilcy \ndcison chairman Dons Miith and William Hazard Iheir e\ hibit ‘Music in \rf,’ attracted a tiowd ot 300 at its piyg^view in the Music Hall at the RaclimaiiinofT convocation I lie committee is shown preparing an exiiibif (o suiycy tVai \it composed of timely paintings phofogr iplis eai loons etc, yvhieh yeas displayed at the conference ol the Western Aits Association 111 Kansas ( itj Mo last month and will soon lx gin a torn ol rural aic<is around lalajette The current exhibit ol oiig^il sketehes lo \\ ill Disney I’lo difctions noyy on displaj in the yyest leeeption loom is sponsoied by this committee
POMM
Cosmopolitan Club Will Hold Spring Banquet Tomorrow 3omoiioyvm tiL 16 membeis ol the ( osmope III 111 Club will eiitci tain guests rl then rmuirl spini,^ banquet lo I i lit Id it I ineolii I od^e I aVoiine Tyoll n letiiin^ pie si dent yvill intioduec the ncy 1\ eh el ed piesident oi flit chib Ii incis far Otlie I ncyy office is loi I he lit t '-emt'-ter rii/rberh Douglrs ried Tanuiyvi I line is j t itid Iffiiy It me tie Ha r y\ ill il ole |)i e tin
ed
t e lipc (he ill ^1 111 lit isl I 11 I he I il lyette lor 11 1 ind ( in it \ ill I e a giitsf loi the i ye inn i i I \ ill poi ioi in (l It I s e f i i i t Phe gut ts o' lioiioi yyiil iiielu h Di ind hli J ( I 111 lit l)t rn c lid Ml ' 1 isliei Ml 11 d iMi s W I \u^ki De in I ltd (loldsiiiith Plot and Ml R V I iiiney \li Jloyvnellj Idwin ml Pi of mil Mis r Bients Towm Girls To Meet Afr 3:30 Tomorrow All Lo\y 1 ^11 Is rtiendm^ the I o\y ii Gills picnic tomoiioyy aileniooii yyil' meet in the \N est 1 oungc o the Union at > 0 mil then hike out to Ililipy Ilolloyy All ai 1 aiKcmeiits Jci the pieiiiL II c bem m ide by M i i e t C i ivt i el Drmi litlind eothaiimci il the otial committee
Deutman, Norris Enter Air Force iwo loi me I students of the Um ve 1 ity iceently be,, in tiamin^ in piepaialion loi bceoming members f I tl t Plniled Stite An loiecs limy Deutmrn Ii 20 '^t loins IS iL |)i ese lit m tl imm it P, mdolph 1 It Id lexis Will itteilding the Utiiyci ity C tele' De iitm rn y\ as cap tarn ol the \ iisity tennis te iin y\in 11111 foil tiophies md i\ me elals lie IS 1 111 mbei oi Smina ( hi so till iiueinity md the, Amtiiern ot It t\ ol Civil 1 I ineei T lilts\oi I Roehestei lecerlly tiiiislt 1 loi lUlit tl limn,, in the ’ lilt d Stites b lyy \i 1 oice He y\ 1 1 s(K 11 111 II ( I (1 I in 11 y fUht tl umiig it the N ly il Pe e i \ i ui lit It t It iiy le \ lllinoi Phi Lambda Upsilon national chemi ti y honoiaiy miiouncos the tit lion ol the foi losin,, office IS piesidcnt K W Wilt 111 yicc jilt side lit D W Men 1 secittiiy B 1 Adams and ticisuiei 1 II Cuiiy Dr T D 31111111 yyill eoiitinuc as ehaptei eouneihr and Di F I Degtiing \\ ill let is ilumni st ci e t ii y P\lRONI/L EXPONENT AD\ERJISI Rb
W.R. Beall Wins^Promotion At Will Rogers Field, Okla. War Department announced this week the jyromotron of Willard R Beall, base administratiye mspectoi at bombardment base at Will Rogers Field, Okla, fiom the rank of captain to that of maior Beall graduated from the Uniyeisity in 1922 with a degiee of bachelor of science in agriculture He was a cadet captain in ROTC and was a member of the pistol team Besides these actiyities, he engaged in oratory and in 1921 won first piize in a dairy cattle judging contest at St Paul, Minn BapHst Club Will Hold Picinic Nexf Saturday Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will hold its annual spring picnic at the Vaw ter Big Rock Cottage on the Tippecanoe 15 miles north of Lafayette this Saturday This has been an annual affair foi the last 25 yeais Miss Helen Snyder is in charge of the aiiangements Jim Ford is in charge of tho transportation Club membeis are urged to attend and arc to meet at the church at the cornel of Columbia and Chauncey streets at 1 pm There yvill be a sm ill (hai gc foi ti anspoi tation and the evening meal • Science Meeting (Continued fiom page 1) State Teatheis College on problems of physical science education, Di A C Kinsey, Imiiana, on piolilems ol biology education Call A Benz, ILimmond hi,,h school on problems of the high school science teacher, md ( I Selins piineipal ol Rush yille 111,,}! Sehool on piohlems of high sehool seunet te rehing from Ihe si mel)K)iiit oi a liigli sehool piin
eip rl
In the afternoon the committee yyill eliscLiss i yvoiking piogiam for the Olganizatiem mil yyill rppoint a su!) e onimitti e Dr. A. A. Smith of the department of education md applied psychology yvill addiess the gic dilating class at West Point ni,,h Sehool tonight His topic yvill be ‘Peisonalitj Plus ’
Notices
Sophomore Mitiiary Students* All sophomores whose names appear on the list of those accepted for the advance course must siRn contracts in the main office of the Armory prior to A|>ril 26 —RIORDAN All Students Those interested in taking Spanish 7^ (Engr Spanish) this summer please call me at 8444 before April 26 Course includes study of conversational and piactical Spanish IV1 L 61 62 are prerequisites —SHEEHY Freshman Camp Counsellors There will bo a meeting of all those who wish to act as counsellors at the August Freshman Camp on Friday Apiil 24 at 4 p m in the Union If you are interested and cannot attend please call Schalhol at 66052 or Singer at 8421 - SINGDR Aeronautical Engineers All sophomores whose names appear on the Advanced Course ROTC accepted list and who plan to take Aeronautical Engineering (Cuiricu jam ‘ A ) should repoit to the Adjutant in the maip office of the Aimory without delay —RIORDAN Aff Chem Club Outing will be Fridni April 24 at 4 30 p m Be at Ag Hall foi ride out —WOODWARD Zouaves Those wishing to attend picnic Wednesday Apnl 20 sign list on senior Older boar^ in Armoiy GRAI Military Code Students Code certificates are leady in tho instructoib room in the
Armory
—BURKHART AH Military Students There will bo no moio Coipfa Days formation this scmtstci —RIORDAN New Gold Peppers Actives Meeting April 24 at 4 p m in the AWb offices Bring money foi paddles and picnic —SCARFI Westminster Foundation Tho annual spring picnic will be held on Sunday At nl 26 riic group will meet at the church t 1 30 pm and hike to Ilappj Holliw I v ly f no IS invited to atlen<l A eh irgt ol 1 < vmII ho mado ioi supp i —THOMA lunior Military Students Tick Is f ir mihtiiy hunqiRt April 28 will h dislrih t<d in guniury tlass<s this w k Ihos <1 sinn*^ t) atitnd who did not si^n fiisl hsL in ly puuhistf them for tash GRAI All Male Students All stultnis who ) v (omil l<d th Advinec Com so ROK oi \s»U lomilUt th Adviiuid f (urs llOiC ly May { s in put ml mtars rn nl I! n Ainaiy Hull Mn loaids -RIORDAN Alpha Phi Omega I imal inUiiti n at ^ p m Sun i ly April 2< in i )om 166 < 1 tl> Union with the pkdgfs nn ting ir II Sv dish I mn„ Ban \u t will toll v il ( I in in I joni IP < 1 th Union s( iiM I lor Gold P<pp<rs II is p ly y n 4 ( rl I ji tl punu this wmIc IIk I ills ni i t } paid 1 ut tin rnt n y n in (r\clf| in I lli(f it in 111 WAA rn iilh x in 1h M rn 111! (irnnisuirn il y< u (aiuut full rr
I OKI)
I ulheran Students 11k find mociri f flu |)i<s(nt srriustir ol Ihi I nth tin slu (hits Assoiiali n ol Am n i will b( h II t tin h riu I K(v H ( Sill! rl 2< N )th Stud r n Sundiy tvding Aj nl I it ” 10 p m A shoit busiiuss nudirg will lo I Howfd With kurnt's ir d r fr 1 in nts 1 \erjon is ur/.fd to ilt nl 11 i iiudiiij ANIAI
Advanced Military* All advanced mill tary studtipts c4l! at Cashier s office after Sam Fildtiy April 24 to receive money due them for uniform allowance - LIEUT BROWN Senior Military Students Tickets for mil itary Bnnquot will bo distributed during tactics classes Thursday and I riday OI) shirts will be worn at the banquet GRAF Alpha Phi Omega Pledge hike 7pm Saturday Apiil 26 Moot at WMW stcibs of tho Union SCHAI I lOL ROTC Seniors All candidates for com mission in the Officeis RescivoCoipK Army of the United StiLcs who will paiticipntc in Commencement cxcicisos Max 3 in the ROrC ceumonv will meet Tuesday Apnl 28 11 im in room 105 Aimory foi in sliiictions and piutm PUI VFR Freshman Camp Counsellors Ihoio Mill bo a meeting of all Ihost who wish to act as tounbtllors it the Au u^t FrLshman Camp on I rid ly April 24 at 4 pm in mom 105 Union It you aic intoiisted and cannot attend please cill Schalhol it 6>0'’2 oi Singer it 8421 SINOFR Commencement Tickets I hoi ire onlv one bundled extia tick N a\ nlablc it the present time Those will Ic i coivcd hv mail within lh( next few dns Any aclditu i il tiek(N that may become iv iilablt will lx m uled is roi is pns I 1 C Al A WIFK COMMini T Sigma Delta Psi M etuig in i rm 30’ (I th Unic n t '' p ii I u s h\ Ai i 1 J let tion I ((hcoi will It. h Id C itifi t loi lot tl mtinb i hip art. hoio , IIANSI N PAC Prisidenl of Giiilct President of Reamcis President nl Gold Peppers M t nk It t 1 m I Re 1 M 1 k V s Hit ir the I lel lh( us I n lax A) i 1 2i I OIK 1
Society of Automotive Engineera* All membeis desiring to go in picnic should bign the list on the bulletin board in ^thc Aulomotivo Lab before Monday, ApHl 27, 'IhosG who don t sign wont get anything to ent Particulars of the picnic will be sent to membeis via postcard —KEIL Person Who Lost Chronogritph You may claim it at Student Senate Lost and Found Dopnitmcnt oi by ealhng' Sandy at 4061. —SANDLEBIN Cosmopolitan Club No meeting Ffidny. Meet at East end of Union 6 30 Sa^urdayi Apnl 25 loi transportation to Lincolti I cxige ^ —KELLER All Exponent Sophomores., Sign list in Union office befoic 5 p m Monday ApriJ 26 if you are going to be in school during the summer semester —ARMSTRONG Pistol Team T3anqiiet will be held Wednesday Apnl 21 at 6 30 p m m tho Chestnut Room in the Union All who WJfi attend contact Essig Dodds or Bunker bv 4pm Monday at the latest —DODDS
Scrivenerb Picnie postponed f
—DRAY
Fla K ippa \u M otin j ii ui m ofTieeis in i ading » om f I 1 13inl lin I 1 iix A] nl it I I
SOUTHMAYD
Water Ballet Group Ballet pvqctice I ndav Anril 24 at 4 p m Everyone please ( me —JOHNSON Aeromodcicrs Important meeting Thursday Apnl 30 in room 80 of the Union Flection if officers Lveiyone be sure ami c me -SMITH Pi Tau Sikma Annual picnic xvill be held i WediiGsdiv Apnl 21 starting ut 1 p m Odicei will be elected and plaques disfnhutel Cais will be leaving ME building ( vinous times during the afternoon McmUii pi inlimk to go please sign sheet in Ml (lice IS soon is possible GREGORY Sihci M isk Silxei Mask picnic will be I 11 I r lax Apnl 21 Meet at the west door I th Ur ion at ( 30 p m Twimty-five cents will be neocssaiy for admission Phone K u tman at 11823 for information KAUFMAN
l\lllv
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machinei all makes s 11 rei t 1 lepiii el u d purchnsed Mirnc o^nihwori (lore C I Lbeibhoff 605 Main 1 it ly ttc 1 hone 2"'*J \\ anted Celt as nt e th e oking tnd housewjrk in c\ehink< toi bond md icom irtiiik M ly 1 Ihiet in 1 imilj ilill Dal } 1 Ol 1101 I V ni’ I) Ins t le oil It cost Foi limit 1 ill 0 I ive iin nl
lost Cl en \vi t watcli silxei w itl Nn sti II I n nois 11 I J I CUllei
•• ‘^ale 11 0 I 1 1 be 1 in Cool tires rgo
Alpha Phi Omegu Pledges Se xit is < h 111}, d 11 Wtdiusdiy Aj nl in I Hall at 0 pm 9CHAI I fON Alpha Phi Omega SI Pl (\ eiiliv ni t nu ol newly eleeted olli is it 7 p rn I n d j Apnl 21 in Sw lish I < ui k
WII BUR
AIMF Meinlier*! lUcti n f ifluits f i ( mill} yt 11 m r m 110 I Chern ii 1 M t lluildii f W Irxbday Ajinl ..) at f n
STARKl Y
/ouaxes Plies n ishiiu to itt n 1 i cn Ihursday Apnl 30 sun list in senior e nl i Ik) ird III Al me ly CRAI
S5MNCiII DOT IX—Doiotha Lamour about to ro into her dance,'while noted Bandkadei Iininiy Dor‘30\ fixes his tie befoie beginning the next iiumbei Stene is lioin the luw I’aranioiint laugh and tune hit, “The rittl’s In,” whith to si IIS Dotti Willi im Holden and Eddie Bracken, and features !?ett\ Hutton md Iininn Doisej and his oichestra It opens Sundaa at the I afajette Ihcatre '
mihtaiv honoian announces the election of the follow mg cfficci s \ L Jackson Captain R B Lai son, 1st Lieutenant J F Dodd Jnd Lieutenant R E Wilson Ut Sci geant, and J G Hunt Suppl\ Ol ficei
yiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii'iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii'iiiiii.iiiiiiy I 1 BirMJI Y SJ BVK L | I Bond. (! I § (, IS md Oil = I T. & K. OIL CO., Inc. |
PAULS PLACE BEEF STEAK — BEEF BARB Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W Columbia St We DeSiver
• SoHthtvorlh'o
PRESTO!
IT’S JUST LIKE MAGIC The way you can change your used books (that you don't need) into ready CASH at
f Biiemoiw w! 308 10 ^TA TEST V/E3I LAI AYE ITC, IND
Easy to Follow —this Arthur Murray Step to Daintiness!
8*30 class or 8:30 date, guard your sweetness and charm the way Arthur Murray dancers do-^with Odorono Cream Non greasy, non gritty, gentle, no trouble to use— Odorono Cream ends perspirq tion annoyance for 1 to 3 days' Follow this easy Arthur Murray step to daintiness— get Odorono Cream today* 10f‘, 39t-, 59ii sizes (plus tax) Thl Odorono Co Inc Nfw York
L£rs STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
DCDCOlDATIrtN
fOR f TO B
STUDiilNTS! lari’s iM play oisr part
IIS grro
*8
in Ihi Inlying
PUliniJL UNiGN ami
Program liy
s MUW! (joiiio 1,0 Ihc
llllY h. S. DEFEIVSE BDIVDS anil STAMPS
^onlhtvoi ill’s • MONET
^ J