• * ^ifaLTOtf aavii J-, ..a1 , ' '' ’ T •'^'iapayecte, iwntAHA, twpAY.'APm. 84, '' ' V ,. ,-. y "mnmim'm l‘T.w' -adfcii—I i.iLig<iiiliiVj!j.OL..iLL.i.ii. Hi im f.n'rt > i 4^:^..
•;
■"Si"
Sf
miifiSiifi
Thrills 800 At Concert Here Dr. F. SI Direiits liUtheran semble
standing against the background of the organ of Eliza Fowler Hall, a human organ composed of 60 iroices last night responded beautifuUy to the magic touch of Dr. F. Melius Christiaiisen, director of St.' Olaf College Lutheran choir, before an audience of 800. Despite the fact that no instrument is used, an amazing sense of pitch was evident throughout the program, the first part of which was dominated by three Bach selections: “Be Not Afraid”, “Come Soothing Death”, and “Song of Praise”, and concluded by Philip Nicolai’s “Wake, Awake For Night Is Flying.” In part, two, preceeded by “Kingdom of God”, the most skillfully executed number of the evening prpyed to- be “Fi^chi To Glpry”, ah priginal composition by the director of the choir, as was the encore “Sunbeam”. “Vistas ofSottgHicpmlly well done was Di% Christ' iansen’s “Vistas of Song”, which was followed by ”Epck Md Refuge” “From Heaven Above”, and “Motet For:Adyent^^ At the end of the program the audience showed by Vigr prous applause its appreciation of the clear tohbs pf the mezzo-toprano soloist, the excellent quality of the lyric sppreho’a vpiCe, arid the deep tones of the basses. _ Due to the fact that Dr. Christiansen spent yesterday afternopri restihg instead of attonding the tea given by the muSicril organizations of the University for St/Olaf’s choir the rumor that the director would be unable to conduct last riight spread rapidly, until refuted by his appeararice on the platform. The choir will next appear at Orchestra Hail in Chicago. Paul G. Schmitt, manager Of the St. Olaf’s Choir became Suddenly ill while visiting in the ‘ City. He has been removed to a Chicago hospital
;Sigma Xi,-honorary research fratorphy met at 6 o’clock last bight in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall to hear an address by Prof. 0. S. Aamond, head of the agronomy depUrtment of the University of Wisconsin. Professor AamOnd discussed
mals by means of genetic analysis and synthesis, bringing" oUt the point that genetics is the science upon which the art of plant breeding is founded.
Financing Proves Problem
(By the Editor)
Some day Purdue is going to have a fieldhousel Alumni and students alike are talking fieldhouse possibilities, and they are inquiring where it would be located when construction is possible. Although the stumbling block, bf course, is the financing, plans have been formulated by the Administration-so that if the
Gilding Climbs lii Poputarity
By Associated Collegiate Press Gliding is beginning to come into its own as an American college sport, With the advent of spring, campus enthusiasts all over the country are dusting off their motorless planes preparatory to looking up an enterprising air current. Kent Sthte pilots, who banded together in ib33 and built the world’s largest glider, a two-seater With U wing-spread of 47 feet, are hoping to get toriflrmation of an unofliiciai world recordf On one of its 1936 flights, the ship climbed from standing start to 1,700 feet in one minute arid one second, carrying two men; The Kent club’s glider has made 1,000 flights without an acci
■dent. \-' ■
An ambitious endurance flight program is being planned by Washington State glider experts^ They want to keep a ship in the air so long the pilot will have to 'be re fueled—with coffee and saridiwches! The University of Wisconsin goes: the field one better With its glider school—a oneroari; enterprise own^d and operated by Robert M. Lee, a freshman engineering student, who is paying part of his tuition with the proceeds. Lee soloed at 16, and had earned a department of com'merce license by the time he whs 17.
Senior Co-eds Leave Today Grpups Will Inspect Chicago FoodAndTeX’
tUe Plants ,
Two groups of home ecCnomics seniors will leave this morning for Chicago on week-end inspection trips to visit pMrits of interest to those who are majoring in the particular ^Id illusferated. ^ ^ Sevan in institutioh mariagcment, who Will be acepmpahied by Edith Gamble, Will Visit the Wamef Wholesale Grbtory 5 kRchenS of the Daliner House Hotelii Hardirig?s re^^^ fanranti South Water Street Food markets, arid fepd tmits of the tornatiprial House, Ida Noyes RefeC-' tdry, HutchirisoriCom*riorisahdJUdson arid Burton epufto, the lattef Ipchted at the Uriiversity of ChicagOi. The girls will observe menvis s^’'^yhd» buying of food arid equipment, stody of floor :pla.ns, employment and financial management in different types of institutioris. Those making this trip are Misses Evelyn Kelleriberger, Rosemary Hpefer, Margaret Stradling, Bess Sharp, Bess Perkins, Melba Walter and Ariiy Scriveh. v Clotldiig And Textiles Nine young Wpmeri specializing in clothing and textiles, under the direction of prof. Amy Howe, will :idsit Marshall Field & Go., the Merchandise Mart, Montgomery Wards, Eisenberg & Sons, the Field Museum, and the textile exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry ift Jackson Park. Those making the trip will be Misses Katherine Stitz, Helen Keller, Charlotte Epple, Josephine Perkins, Georgia Bellpws, Sal ly McKee, Dorothy Bernd, Lura Sherry and Jean Gossett. They will study clothing and textiles from the wholesale and retail angles. Both groups will have headquarters at the Allerton hotel.
Piirdne Sportswottien Hold Election Of DfiicfitlB Purdue Sportsyromen, W. A. A honprary orgariizatipn, elected the fcllcWirig officers for next year president, Martha Wrilkpr; vice presideni, hlinaciel V^ teeasurer, Lpoattnn Thotopspri; secs--retory, Mild^d Fii<^, The initiatiph hreakfasti wat held at thp W, A, A- cabin last Sunday. At that time the Spprtowpineri pre» sentod the cabiri with a spreeri fdr
^the fireplace.
current problem is there would not be a great loss of time in breaking ground. The fieldhouse (which should properly be termed “The fieldhouse and gymnasium for men”) would ^ located directly across from Cary Hall East and the main entrance would be on Stadium Avenue. The structure woidd necessitate the removal of the present barracks of the state police, but the other two houses in the plot of ground bounded by Stadium, U|niversity and Northwestern Avenues would be allowed to remain.
To Cost $600,000
Thp seating; edacity ^ to Opposed ;$6O0jOO0 structure Wp approximately 8,000 at basketball cont(toto, while at such events as Rare Prints
Barbara Hunt To Talk To Home Senior ^’Cabbages and Kings” will be the subject of Miss Barbara Hunt’s address to senior home ecoriomto students in the Home Economics Building, specializing to clothing and textiles Monday morning at 10 o’doeik. Miss Hunt draws her topics, clothes and personality, budget planning, and the human side of selling, from a wide experience. The meeting is open to anyone caring to attend.
PIA Formal
IVtotlier’s Day Flay It#iearsals Begin ‘*The RqmanticYoiiisgLady” In Harmony With Season Behehtoals for “The Romantic ypung I^dy”, Playshop’s Mother’s Day topw this year, have started in earriest. The play was received enthusiastically by the cast. $am Russell, the new business manager of Playshop, has stated that tickets for the show will be placed qri sale in the Union Buiidirig lobby Some time next week.
Custom
The custom of the past several yeats has been to present a play very rattiffi to harmppy With the season of dihe year. “The Romantic Young Lady” compares with such hits as “Berkley Square”, ‘■Mistress pf the Inn”, “Ivpry DoPr”, and “Alice Sit by the Fire”, all of which have been Mother’s Day shdWs. It is a lightj romantic epmedy of a lovable character, set ill mpderri Spain* The grarideto pf.the medieval Castilian culture mingles with modern sophi'*^ sticatipn to prpduce delightful entertainment.:; M:,
B^podiiclibi]^ Keptlif
fjHioiiae :Ec
One of the traveling art ekhibito of Indiana University exterisiori diV'i ision is on display at the University to the Home Ec BMidtog No, 2, urider the directipri of Miss LaUrentza Scliantz-Harisen, head bf the departmerit of applied design of the school of hbine ecorioriiics.; The exhibit inciudes reproductions of famous paintings. It is a collec-^ tion of the following eight p4nts: St. Francis preaching to the Birds, by Giotto; The Infanta Margarita Theresa, by Velaquez; St. Victor and a Donor, by Vari der Goes; Ado ratipn: of the Magi, by Durer; A Young Warriof, by Rembrandt; The Cornfield, by Constable; Portrait of the Artist’s Mother, by Whistle Spring, by Corot. The prtoto Were purchased from the Medici Company which photographs works of art by a special pro,cess of color photography unrivalled for reproducing col or, values and quality of paint. The Indiana University extension diyisipn has collected eleven traveling art exhitoto Which are available, without cost eicept for transpbrta tioh, to anyone requesttog them. The exhibits are especially suitable for tohobis and libraries.
convos, concerto, and graduation mcercises where the playing floor could be utilized, the capacity could he increased to approtomately .11,000 persons. The overall dimensions of the building, as proposed, would be 302 by 370 feet. Four small gyms, three intramural courts, and several classrooms would be contained in the gymnasium besides offices to accomodate the members ofjthe staff of physical education. A swimming pool of Olympic size, 76 by 40 feet, would he installed on the ground floor of the gym, and the latest improved methods for the proper care of the water would be incorporated in the-equip-ment. A seating capacity of approxintotely 000 :l»to:soris tor swimming everito wbpld be /PtoViddd. Lbqito^ ;and dresstog; rooms Would acebmo' date the entito stodent body.
: F^
The fieldhoitoe would be essentitoly a shell; similar to structure to toe A>totey» and yrould: contato a portaible floor tor riet tilts; an eightlap, cinder and would also be Used for footoull practice during inelemerit teeatoer. If, and when, the new building is financed, the present Memorial Gymnasium vvould be turned ovei* for toe use of the women studente. At toe present tiine, no pool is provided for co-eds, arid certato nighto are designated fpi^ their use of the pool in the ptosent gyiri. Going still farther in the future of (Conjtoued on page 4) C
4.H Club Boys
Men’s Glee Cliib Geaves On The University Men’s Glee Club left this morning at 7 b’clock for tour of nprthern Indiana to sing before the high schools of Hammond, Whiting, and East Chicago. Following the high school concerts, the glee club will give a special concert in toe Hammond High School after which the Purdue Alumhi Association of Hammond-will give a dance to the choir’^ honor. v
Miss Regii^^Oabriel Meets Home Ee Teachers/Studeiits Miss Regina Gabriel, reptesenting toe Keliog Fpods Ciptopapy, toet ait Wteeeler'P RteteUtopt vdth^ to^ tors and students to the hPriie ecte ppmips department tP dispute chihl feeding and .meal pdaririing yestei^ day afternoon and evening. Profesi sPk Edith GaniWe ^W^ toe. tete: toeettog^* ■.:;
Sororities Wifi Be Guestn At Bani^ Active and graduate memthers of alitoe national sProritieS will W entertained at a banquet tomei^ow' afternPon at 1 p’clqck in the Union ballroom by toe Lafayette Pan-Hel-lenic Association. Tickets for the banquet, priced at sixte d0*rts each, may be pbtatoed ftom Pari-Hellemp; council representotives Pr represeritativeP of toe Lafayette Pan-Heileri-ic Association. The speakers for fhe afternoon are * ]^s, Dp Marchus Dtown; todi-t anappUs, Who will speak op ’‘The Lady of GodeyS^^ and Mrs. Justite Rising, University advispry Cpundtt president for fraternity women, who will read a toptert ftom toe|to^
irier.
Prueker---^ Po And A Half Of Frisky : Trouble ■ \ ■ By Dorothea Justin. Trucker—black, tiny and frisky —is toe new phi Psi masCot. The iriipish little pup quite charms all who pass by on Gi’ant Street arid see toe black bundle wobbling aerpss the fraternity lawn. Six weeks old, eight inches tall (his legs make half that), a foot IPng, with a thin tail adding four and a half inches. Trucker always has an enormous appetite. Voraeipusly he devours his meals, sometimes biting his food bowl in his eagerness. His owners, John Erickson and Glenn Martin, take Offectioriate care of him, givtog hiiu meals three times daily. The pup’s diet is milk arid cereal in the morning, with cream and cereal at noon and evPning. Any of the prepared breakfast foods that will soften to milk are permitted. The.cocky, excitable animpl has yet: to experience his first serving of meat. ■ Dislikes Notebook A cross between wire haired-ter-rior and cocker spaniel is this lovable dog. He dislikes mechanics, notebooks since one. was used in gentle contact With him as a disciplinary measure. His vpice is; a fuhriy
“wpcffvr;.
Sweaters, shpes and cushions hold irresistable; lure Yor him and his shprpj rieedle-small teeth. Clark George often leads toe enthusiastic terrier Pui; of temptation, arid back to a le^titeute paptime-r-that of dC'molishtog a small rubber ball. v ' If he :grpes to he over two feet tall, his masters iritend to sdd to his dhtiep ari4: honors toe position teE Watch dog, Until then, hoiveyer, he will prpltebly remato the Yrieridly, charming and funny little dog that
Annual RoundJUp, On May6,7,8,ToFeature Leadership Contest In an effort to promote greater leadership among 4-H club boys, toe seventh d'^H round-up leadership contest for boys again Will be afea--tuto Pf top riirimsd club rouri which will be held here May 6, 7; arid 8; Eligibilite rules tor toe cori'itest this year are similar to those of the past to that one bona fide 4-H citff boy between toe a^ pf 16 a 2i ftoiri each: county w;ho has never been enrolled in college may com' pete tor one of toe three ^d medals to be awarded. The Contestant mttpt be selected from toe Courity agent or clubieaiter^teetoarcotorty rpitod'
up^dele^ion, ■''
The contest is intended to make tor greater effeiericy in the geheral rPUnd-up program; to erieburage older bpys to assist in the supervi' sibn of their county groups I to pirovide an available sburce of assistance' tor stunts, impromptu programs, and eriiergericy seryiee; and to relieve eburity leaders, state leaders ,arid University offcials from sbme of toe details connected with toe round-up program.
Basis. Of Award
The basis of award in the contest takes into consideration the evidence of leadership qualities as shovto by appearance, personality, and attitude, 35 Iper cent; written records, 30 per cent; supervision of ebUttty delegations, 26 per cent; and participation in round-^up program, 10 per cent, The selection will be made by a committee consisting bf members of toe Alpha Gamiria Rho fraternity and State dub leaders. County agerits arid leaders must forward toe names and addresses of the Gbntestarits to Eugene Akers, 607 University Street, West Lafayette. The told tor Written records arid letters of iristruction Will be sent direct to the eriteant Upon receipt of his name and address.
Popular Tii^lgniipof» ^
Bandmaster J^
Owen ' ;; Larry Price and his eleven-piece orchestra have been engaged to play for the P. I. A. fonnal toalghi m
place of “Jug” Owen, who is unable ^
to complete the engagement. Price and his band are well known in In-
diana, having played at vamas >4
schools and towns thronghotft the state. The brind has been on a genera! tour tor the past year and has recently returned to Indianapolis. Decorations for the fonnal will consist of a graduated background, painted in pastel shades. The P, I. A. gold key wiU be portrayed on the toont <xf the individual orchestra shields. The.committee in charge has issued the statement that a dark coat, light trousers, and light shoes WiU be proper. Coirskges Will he op-
tional.';.
'.ChiWcwwos::,. Gutete? and; : toaperottte to® eytoteg iriclude Setoytedh^ Msher. Dean Stratton, Dean and Mrs, Enders, Dr. O’Shea, Mr. and Mrs. Bodden, Mr, and Mrs, Moor®, Hden Ellis, Yeronica Brady, Bfr. and Mrs. Oreget, and Miss Ooolidge. . “Jug” Owen was to have furnished the music at tlm Delta Upsilbri^d^if; tetoitytormaltoriiorroW night. Bbb Baker; vtob pli^ed at toe mitoy late week, has bete erigag^t fte the stofair.,' ■ .■ ■
V
HACULlWlMEEHtNlG":
Tto®togtear ffotetey m^ of toe faetety ytol he^ qn Mqnday, April 27, at A Pr rib, in Steffey Cbiillte^^D^ ^ f^ rite tendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, .'iPj^iderit.;;.,
Dammon Appointed To Radio Gouncii G. E. Dammoft, director in charge of program production tor WBAA, has been appointed by the National Advisory Council on Radio rind Education to serve bn a committee bn institutional broadcastirig, which meets in Madison, Wisconsin, today and tomorrow to direct a program of activities for the national council
to follow'during 1935-36.
Three other men appointed to the same committee were W, I. Griffth, WOI, the University of Ibwa station at Ames; M. G. Jenaeri, WCAL of Nortlff eld, Minn.; arid H. B* McCar-
ty, WH^ toom tlm
Wiscqrisin. All these men, indudiug Dammpn; are members pf toe Nt^ tiorial Associatibn bf - Edutotibriril Broadcasters.' Dammon left for Madison yesterday at 4 o’clqck.
Broin Tickets
Sunimey Annoimced
Ehtjhin(M
For Science And Lead/ership Institute Announcemerit was made yesterday^f toe 1936 Science and^LeadershipYristjtute to be held at the I versity, June 15 to 26. As afeature; ' of the annual summer session, this institute 'whictehas attracted a large number of civic leaders both from city and county, is planned tor them again this year with probably toe strongest program eyer arranged tor a gathering of this sort iti: Indiana. A noted group of speakers vdll discuss current and educatipnal problems Which play an important part in life of today. Widely Known Speakers Such speakete as E* Clibtt, (iff toe Uiiiversity; Dk Wadtte? : B. Pitkin, of Columbia University and widely known writer; M. K. Derrick, educational director of the Indiana Farm Bureau;; Dr. Jehiii:R. I Oliver, John Hopkins Universiiy, Dr. Hbrriell Hart, of Hriirttord itoeeb Ibgical ^rirainary; Dr. Ralph Mar-; shall Davis, fatned Pfeshytteiari pastor of Erie, Pa.; Dr. M. A. Dawber, a Methodist church leader Jtebrii Philadelphia; Dr. Morris ‘feUer. Jewish leader from Chicaffb; S^Lillie D. Scott, of the -women’s tUvisiori of the Indiana Farm Bureau; Dr. T. B. Rice, of Indiana UmVersity School bf Mediteriri; Dean; Mary L. Matthews, of the University . school of home economics; David £. (Continued on page 4) Co-eds List Mortar Board Prefereaces At a meeting held yesterday at 4 pfclpck in rooms t and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, Miuey Iteriise Lustig, president of Mortat Board, national honorary sode^ for senior co-eds, asked aU |uni<»r
i
; Tidtote tete progtoriis tor the From may be qbtairibd neSt Week at toe erishier^s off ce, according to an announcemerit inode Irite riight by Jblm yauNatto, of the Ihrom conimittee.': Work on toe decorations vnU be comptetedtodriy. A modernistlobteb tony in bl ue and w^hite tolbr scberiie vrill cover toe bandstand. Iridliyct lighting win Ite useff lhteug^to M. Ammerman designed the decora* Moris.
fewer co-eds eligible for member' ship. The girls were ^ven a list of toe juniors who are eUipble scholasr* tically for toe honor and asked to indicate their preferences. A reasirn was required tor favorahle responses. Dean Dorothy O, Stratton introduced Miss Lustig, who asked that
naires;
J ^
^ A. ^
:fbr^ii^t:yerir»U«nib«r nt Nationai Ck»Uesra PreaB ABBoriattoB,
n-BditeiUdrAMbdatiai .g gervlee, Inc.
Sintered aa seeon^ aiatl. rw; c
leliv^^ by carrier. $2.60; » so
irette, Indiana. DelW* d by ainVle 2 e«
wed by nti;:'-'f.
Bnaineak Fbima 6088 y
Editorial Phoi
la OOSt
D^iy Student PnbUcatiom of'Pitfdue Urn .’ y; y'
BDITOBIAL staff '
■ditor-in-Chief -
V ...—......—C. H. Csniipbeil
W,T. ®. HL IIorriB, M. U.
^ ....JN. B, Hays
/ ... D P. Mull. R. H. Walpole, D. D. Wood
O. Harpar, JTr., Bold and Blaek Editor
R. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk,
Jrfd *. ADDOtt
V business STAB® - " ''wAirY.-
W. A. Koch
................H, F. Antonihi
T.. H. Brown. iL Creek. D. 0. Miller
Oiroolation Assistanta—'
: ... y j. G. Girard, G. B. Shields
WOMENS STAS? ; . Joyce WilliamB
lPTFi1<»n Creech, l^na Hutson. Ellen Mann
. j.- JoBenbine Perkins
Sophomore Assistants—
......Jean Brown, Jean Janousek, Marjorie Louis, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Friday, April 24, 1936. ^ IssHie Editor—L.S. Busch. Purdue’s FieMhouse There is presented in today’s issue a description of the plans which have been made for a fieldhouse at the University, and, if it becomes possible to carry out the plans of construction, Purdue will enjoy the use of a fieldhouse that will rival any in the mid-west. V During the past two years, a great stride has been made in the University’s building program, and plans are already laid for future expansion When funds are available. There is one thing, however, that has characterized the entii-e ppgram, and that is the conspicuous absence of the hair-brained incompleteness that has been so prominent at other universities. TOen the money is obtained and the future is not based on a host of contingencies, advancement is made, but not until then. Some day Purdue will have a fieldhouse, but it is certain that vve will not have one just because student-alumni groups feel that the need is present. The need is undoubtedly here, but until the funds have the same status, present accommodations must suffice. The conservative policy is a relief when the modem keynote of business is to mortgage the future for
present gains.
Is The New Radio Paid For? A passing observation shows that the Laf„„ ^ partment has let up on the law violators asr suddenly as it swooped down upon them. Perhaps the first installment on the new police-radio systei lected during the drive.—E. H. M.
READERS* OPINION , ; The Exponent welcome) commenta of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Legion B&@k Urges Freedom Of Speech New York City—(AGP)—Flatly advocating freedom of speech and the search for truth, the New York County American Legion recently issued a book that is designed as a guide for all Legion speakers and called a halt on all attempts to ^‘abuse or silence” those who differ With them on government forms of policies. But the book does warn its readers that dictetorship by ^‘a person or by any special group” would mean ‘The intolerant suppression by an nrined force of democracy, justice and lih^^ “Neyet Was it more necessary thpW Wftw for aU Aiherk^^ to support their right to freedom of epeech and freedom to listen and
learn,” the booklet says. “We live in a period of bewildering changes. Some nations have shifted convulsively from one form of government to another overnight; others waver between various forms.”
“Gloomy Sunday” Too Morbid For Faculty At Indiana Once more “Gloomy Sunday”, the much publicized Hungarian “suicide” song, enters the picture, this time at Indiana University, where it has been banned froi!h the “lU Revue” by the faculty as too “gloomy” and suggestive.
Evidence that consciousness may diflFer from unconsciousness only by a very small variation in the elec-^ trical currents of the brain has been presented by U. of Illinois medical scientists.
Tonight is the night for aU good P. I. A. eds and co>eds to hold complete sway over ballroom activities. Great attention h^ been drawn to the recent dancing lessons indulged in by many of the participating eds whi^ leads us to believe that wear and tear on the new addition will be comparatively small. A most enjoyable evening of food and dancmg W'as provided by those boys of the Sigma ISin house for their guests of honor hailing from the Pl Phi lean-to one night this week. At time of publication no participants could be reached for comment but we understand that those gals who had been the right kind of a date during the early part of the evening were escorted around the back yard supposedly to see the horse shoe
court.
Cop: “Hey, don’t you know that you’re not supposed to park on a highway and make goo-goo eyes ?” Gent: “Aw, don’t be silly. When a guy has to goo, he has to goo,’’ Phi Deli Mariner, after hours of questioning by our reporter, admits that rumors concerning the Phi Belt state dance ate false. He really DID know a short route for the return from Indianapolis; it wasn’t his fault that he Was directed several hundred miles out of hia way. The fact that Jessie Graham was with him helped keep the journey from becoming too monotonous. kappa Sig Poor, of Union club fame, has just received a generous invitation to become a Crowell Junior Salesman. Included with the offer were pictures of roller skates, toy trains, wagons, etc., that would be rewarded as added premium for superior work. Mr. Poor feels himself incapable for such a responsible position, but promises to keep the offer in mind for several years in the future.
This column 'was created in.order that ire^lirs .ihight. on various - subjects of; general^ interest to members of the Purdue community. Contrihutors.jshbuld ::8ehd their^^^ m^ 0. IL Campbell, :the^ P
Renew Yolir Armameiils , To the Editor: All smart nations in the world are making every effort to arm themselves. They know that the enemy generally attacks those who have allowed their defenses to weaken. What defenses are you preparing against an army which is greater than that of any one country? The combined armies of typhoid, smallpox, and diphtheria have inflicted many casualties on the human race. At the time of an epidemic of these diseases, we make every effort to check the spread of disease. After heavy losses, the enemy is repelled and our defenses have been made adequate. Our chief defense against the triple alliance of smallpox, typhoid, and diphtheria, is vaccination. Many of us have prepared some defense agairist this alliance. A country may have a powerful fleet and think itself well prepared. This may be true today, but twenty years from today this fleet may be obsolete. No fleet becomes obsolete which continues to repair or build new ships. Has your fleet of vaccinations become obsolete ? Do you know that your battleship, smallpox, goes out of commission in seven years ? Do you know that your cruiser, typhoid, goes out of commission in three years ? Nations like China and Ethiopia, which have weak defenses are sure to be attacked. People who have never been vaccinated for smallpox, typhoid, or diphtheria are sure to be attacked. Typhoid launches its chief attack in summer, so prepare by being inoculated this spring. Diphtheria will make its opening attack next fall, so prepare by being inoculated this summer. Smallpox will attack at any time during the year, so prepare by being vaccinated at once. I ask you to reconsider your armamentarium necessary for defense against these three deadly enemies which have harassed the world for centuries. S. J. Miller, M. D. / Director, Student pealth Service
Headline: “Newlyweds Return To Resume Studies”. Mr. and Mrs. Red Walther, wheii questioned last night, wondered how they could “resume” something which they had never started.
Clay TowDsMp Pupils Visit University Twenty high school students from Clay township,^ Howard county, in charge of Harry Gray, spent all day yesterday at the University on a comprehensive campus tour conducted by Dr. G. M. Frier, of the agricultural extension staif. The Clay township delegation Was the second large group to visit the University this week, as 19 boys from Delphi were taken on a tour of inspection Tuesday afternoon. The Delphi group was in charge of R. L. Bryan, vocational agriculture teacher, and C. T. Amick, superintendent of Delphi schools.
Wesley Foumdation To Attend Conference Twelve student members of the Wesley Foundation Will attend the regional conference at the University of Illinois this week-end, according to a recent announcement. Hhe Rev; and Mrs. William McFadden will accompany the group which will meet with delegates from twenty colleges and universities from the middle west. Those wishing to attend the conference must register at the Foundation HCuse. Transportation will cost one dollar for the round trip. Members of the Foundation held an informal party last night. Pingpong and other games were played.
The Higher Learning— A Challenge ^ ^ Each day, as I make my way tb; the dassiroom, dr to A locdl 1^^ emporium, and there meet my fellowmen;; I am freshly stA^eted by the depth and density ; M ignmmncA which prevails, like An impienetrA--ble fog, over the place.; It tteyCT fails to fascinate me, this complete lack of knowied^ of the 'world about us. One expects sheer i^prance in a street cleAner, dr in a railway conductor; but hardly among the supposedly enlightend. Yet' surely' it exists, and no one seems at all interested in doing anything about it. But let me hasten to add that I do not separate pur eminent institution fpr the prPpagatipn Pf the higher learning from other similar temples, nor do I hold it up as a single example of illiteracy in a land pregnant with learning. A}as, no. It is only Onp of many thousands, and it stands in the middle of a territory whose citizens are among the greatest lovers of quackery and nonsense, and the greatest haters of truth and exact knowledge in Christendom. One often wonders what pathological phenomenon grips these gPod Americans, whose offspring walk abput the campus here, as elsewhere, and causes them to take fright at the mere mention of learning. Examples crowd one another in endless hprdes. Perhaps the culmination was reached when, a few days ago, I found a professor who believed in the divine ability of college to educate a man. No doubt this fellow voted for prohibition and his ancestors Were among the first to advocate the burning of Copernicus. The professor, we all know, is easy prey to every panacea that comes: along. During the last war to end war he was an ardent patriot, some years later he was hot for humanism, now he embraces socialism as the hope of hopes, thp new Messiah.. But to drop down to the plane pf the student body. The worst fact that one encounters is a wholesale ignorance of the language all of them use; another is the lack of knowledge of the economics system with which they must directly associate at some near future date. Again one finds a total absence of learning on the score of the theology they profess to believe. As for government.. . I doubt if one could adequately define democracy. The land may be heading for socialism, fascism, or something worse, but they remain totally unaware of the fact. The winds of anarchic doctrine that have swept the Republic in the past decade and A half have passed them by. Names like Beethoven, Brahms, Moliere, Hardy, Conrad and Huxley are mere empty sounds on the passing breeze. What we have is the enternal optimism and piety of the American, and his attendant naive imbecility. Some years ago I set forth a few bald and simple facts about Christianity in an article lamenting the death of the late Rev. Billy Sunday. Certain of my fellows took violent exception to the obvious doctrine, so violent, in fact, that I began to believe that I had inadvertently denounced the nobility of motherhood, or advocated burning at the stake as a means of criminal punishment. But a brief review of my innocent words revealed no such thing. Perhaps the root of the trouble may be found in certain particular aspects of human ethics, fPr example, that religious opinions, no matter what their nature, should always meet
lOHT FAR MORE OANGEROOS THAW DAY— RECORDS SHOW THAT MANY MORE ARE KRLED iW ACaOENTS AFTER OOSK THAW DURINO OAYDMfi.
THE AVEi^AOE 24FEEt' TO STOPA car GOlHfr 20MltfS AN HOUR —^97 feet TO STOP A CAR GOINCr 40 MIUES AH HOUR —AND 152 FEET TO StOP A CAR GOING 50 MILES AN HOUR,
m,y- : : MAirOLM CAMPBELL iN A RECENT MAGAZINE ARTICLE SAYS —- FI Fry MILES AW HOUR IS FAST enough FOR ME^HE HAS PPIVEN HIS RA^INO^ CAR % THE RATE GF 500 (WliB AW HOUIl
/ Travis Ins. Co, Safety Senice.
with complete' and unqualified respect, and that destructive criticism is somehow inimical to sociaL organization, and to human decency. Both ideals are,; -of course, absurd, yet I believe tb|t one, at least, is responsible for-^ythte sluggishness
Satisfy both your appetite and pOcketbook at the MreZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
with which he,w: and sound ideas
travel around the world. That they travel around, and that they eventually become a portion of the wisdom of man I wholeheartedly believe, but on this slowness aforesaid rests the responsibility for so many of the outrages to which we are periodically subjected. .. . Well, here is my challenge, and I exempt very few from my accusations. —C. W. Gondit.
MASS TODAY - SATURDAY 1
KRiirar FRIDAY and SATURDAY 2 BIG FEATURES V KEN MAYNARD . ' -in . “The Cattle Thief” and GEORGE BANCROFT in'-; “Hell-SMp. Morgau”
Hits Post On Levee Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Hawkins, of Indianapolis, figured in a wreck on the levee last night when M!rs. Hawkins who was driving, lost control of the car and ran into a lamp post. A front wheel was broken and the radiator damaged. Neither of the two TVere injured.
I PHOTOS Enlargements 2Sc
10c
Miller’s studio...'.|38Sai
LUMA 2 BIG FEATURES C TMmja JILLAYAI wiih Jamis STEWAKT In
an4
t
ALL AROUND THE CLOCK Every hour of the day, students are gaining the healthful benefits of rich Johnson Dairy milk. You too will find it delicious and refreshing. It will make your meals more pleasant.
8 Call JOHNSON ~ Phone 41332ers In 1 wo Irames
counter; Still hopeful of settling down in the field and providing more effective support for the hurling staff, Coach Ward Lambert
will meet Minnesota today and tomorrow in a' pair of Big Ten
encounters.
Bob Rosser, sturdy right hander who has turned in some impressive performances this season, will be the likely hurling ch6i<^ fw feday’s Bartz, a: le:W-:handei% Downey, veteran: right hander, ag possibilities for tomorrow’s ganie; In addition to the trio of pitcherg the squad that left here ;was ebmposed of Malaska, Krausev: Martin, Caldwell, Walirig, Lueag Sines, Young and Moser.^^^^^^M first basemah, was unable to make "the trip due to; a sore arm. v Gophers Win Last Year In a similar series played at Min-r neapolis last year the Boilermakers were oil the Short end of both games, the Gophers winning B to 2 and 11 to 1. The late season necessitated by the more rigorous climate in that part of the country will undoubtedly have some effect on the Gopher play-
Pi Tau Sigma Downs Faculty Members
In a rather riotous softball game on Intramural Field last evening the members of Pi Tau Sigma downed the faculty jneiihbers of:the niechahical school by a score of 23 to 17. Venemarin pitched: for the ‘‘profs’’ while Hawkins did the work behind the bat. The^ ha^ stu^ dents could hot be given:hi ganiahy Words as they had so many feUpws on the field who Wanted to play that the team was different for practical ly every inning. Prof, Shepard acted as UH^jire for the Slugging ■match.'; ' 'L,'
lers Beat 29-10 Desperate Aerial At-
tack In Last Proves Futile
Minutes
Yesterday’s Baseball Results
ing, although nothing definite is
Schedule
& '■■■'
-Minnesota vs.
Monday, April 27lowa (First Half).
Tuesday, April 28-—Purdue Wisconsin (First Half). Wednesday, April 29-T-Minneso-ta vS. Iowa (Second Half). , Thursday, April 30—Purdue vs. Wisconsin (Second Half).
INTRAMURAL TENNIS
Pranternity class “A” tennis doubles teams who were supposed to play yesterday afternoon and failed to do so will have the opportunity to play this afternoon. For further details please call Miss Leadbetter in Mr. Clevett’s office some time today. '
PLAY GOLF
is occupying the attention of a large number of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now. And you know it by reading of it in the newspapers. Your advertisement in this paper will be read by all hhe students and the faculty at Purdue.
Win Points
known about them at present. , On Thursday and Friday of next week the Lambertmen Will once more _swing into Big Ten competition when they go to Bloomington for a two-game series With Coach Dean’s Hoosier nine. These are the only games on the hook for next week.
Fraternities To BenefitBy Sigma Delta Psi Compeiltioh
Opportunity for fraternities to gain more points in the race for allseason intramural honors was made more explicit yesterday when the intramural office made clear that it was possible for a house to gain five points by one of its members complying with the regulations to become a member of Sigma Delta Psi, honorary athletic fraternity. In spite of the fact that these regulations and requirements are rather stiff for the average student, the intramural office feels that there are more all-roUnd athletes in the various fraternity houses around the campus than have been evident sinte the first announcement of this opportunity. Requirements The requirements to gain these five points or become eligible for Sigma Delta Psi are as follows: 1. Run the lOO-yd. dash in :11.6. 2. Run the 120-yd. low hurdles in :16. 3. Jump 6 feet in the running high jump. 4. Jump 17 feet in the fun' ning broad jump. 5. Put the 16pound shot 30 feet. 6. Climb a 20 foot rope in 12 seconds. 7, Throw the baseball 250 feet or throw the javelin 130 feet. 8. Punt the football 120 feet. 9. Swim 100 yards in 1:45. 10. Run the mile in 6 minutes. 11. Do a front hand spring, landing oh feet. 12. Do a hand stand for 10 seconds; 13. Do a fence vault, chin high. 14. Pass the “B” standard of posture of the Harvard Body Me chanics Posture chart. 15, Have a scholarship which would make him eligible for varsity competition.
. Minnesota’s stalwart forward wall proved' too much for the Wisconsin team last night when Coach “Butch” Loebs’ gold jersied eleven pushed over two touchdowns to win the game, 29 to 10. Last night’s play was the second half of the game, the first half being played Tuesday evening when the Minnesota crew seemed a seven-point lead, the score at the end of the half being 17 to 10. The Minnesota team scored late in the third quarter on a plunge from the one-foot line line by Juska, fullback. The hall had been advapted. to this position by a series of line bucks and end-around-end plays by Don Powell, emtstanding left enff Three plays Were iiecessary to get the ball Over the goal lipe, Coach Hewitt East’s crew holding their opponents in a strong last stand. In the try for point after tonchdown the kick was blocked. Score—Minnesota, 23; Wisconsin, 10. Touchdown .' For the greater part of the last quarter the two teams see-sawed in the niiddle of the field. Late in the quarter the Golds advanced the ball to the ten-yard line. The touchdown was nmde on a pass from Dean te Yergane, lanky right-end. Vergane
National League Philadelphia, 6; Boston, 3. • Brooklyn, 4; New York, 3. Chicago 2; Pittsburgh, 1. Cincinnati, 8; St. Louis, 6. American League Cleveland, 6; Chicago, 0. Detroit, 10; St. Louis, 0. Philadelphia, 9; Boston, 1. New York, 10,* Washington, 6.
JB r ^ jt
fV eui Chint
mey Grua Leads
Nank
ing, China.—(ACP)—The
militarj
7 air bureau of China has a
known
ief—a young woman once to her Wellesley classmates
as Soong Mei-ling, now the wife of Generalissimo Chiang Ksd-shek, premeir and virtual dictator of China. . Mme. Chiang Kai-shek is chreefiy responsible for "all fty, from the purchase of pdamea to
managed to hold on to it after a bit of fancy juggling. The try for point was wide and Minnesota was leading, 29 te 10. With oply three minutes of play remaining, the Wisconsin team resorted to a desperate aerial attack that looked fpr a moment as if it might succeed. On the first down after the kick-off, Bep Medley dropped back for a pass and heaved the ball 40 yards up the field to the outstretched arms of Lehr. On the sec(Continued oh page 4)
Big Ten Net Teams Open Season Here
Boilermakers To Play Indiana; Illinois Will Face Ohio State
Win Grand Slain In Pole Vanlt
Five Men To Make Trip To Bloomington In First Big Ten Meet
Purdue’s varsity track team is leading the frosh at present, 34 to 19, in a meet which will be completed this afternoon at Rpss-Ade stadium. Those representing the varsity are the nieh Who did not make the trip to the Drake Relays with Coach Oryal Martin, Co-captain Glehdennihg, ■ BhiemM,. yTerhune, Goory, and Vaughn-Gatt. The varsity took first' in qvery event "with the exception of the pole vault, the yearlings scored a ^and slam in this evep. Lemen was high point man, scoring first in the 440 yard dash, and high jump, and third, m the 120 yard high hurdles. This afternoon the 22Q yard dash, low hurdles, half mile, two mile and mile relays -will be run. In addition to these evente, there will be broad juPip, shot put, discus throw and javelin throw.
Lbtel tennis fans will witness a trio of >fast Big Ten dual meets this wepk end to begin when thq Boilermakers meet Indiana ; while Illinois tackles Ohio State on thd varsity courts this afternoon at 4: o’clock. Following this afternooh’s tilts, Purdue will meet the Buckeye’s Who will remain here over night, in a match scheduled to start at 10 Saturday morning. The Boilermakers are expected to be pressed te the liniit if they can hope to turn in victories in either of ■fche week end’s Big Ten engagements, Indiana has virtually the same team that upset Purdue last season, while Ohio State perenially has a strong combination. The meet this afternoon between Illinois and Dhio State is expected te be a nip and tuck struggle. Coach Larry LaBree announced last night that he will use virtually the same combination of singles and doubles players that defeated Indiana State here last week, 6-1, in the season’s opener. Capt. Bob Nik olich will hold down the No. 1 singles position, with Ray Ulrey playing No. 2 and Bob Tzucker No. 3. Maary Wakefield and Don Edmonds areslated for the No. 4 and No, 5 posi■tions.V' In, the doubles matches, LaBree intends to pair Nikolich with Ulrey and Wakefield with Edmonds. Each Big Ten meet will consist of four singles matches and two doubt es matches, providing the fans eight singles and four doubles this afternoon.
^ ^ -F
+ -F
F- >F -F
-F 4 -F '
4 4 4 '4 4 BASEBALL. 4".4 4 '4'4
■ Today Diamond
1— Acacia vs. Delta Chi. 2— AJpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Gamma Rhp. 3— -Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 4— ^Pirathon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 5— ^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Phi
Epsilon.
6— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7— Phi Pi Phi vs. Theta Chi. 8— Phi Kappa Tan vs. Beta Theta
" Pi.;.'.'-.
9— r-Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 10—Phi Gamma Delta ys. Phi Delta ::Theta., ’■ ■
Purdue’s varsity golf squad will journey to Bloomington tomorrpw to stroke against a strong Indiana team in a Big Ten dual meet. Thi& meet will be the initial meet for the local squad and it will be forced to launch its season’s schedule minus the services of Harold Brewer, q senior veteran who still has a scholastic condition to remove before he wijl be eligible fOr competition. Coach Jack Bixer has announced that the following men will represent, the school in this varsity meet tomorrow: Kenneth Dohelhower, of West Lafayette; Bob Smith, of AU' dorson; Arthur Lockwood, of Indianapolis; Karl Freese, of Nappanee, and Thomas David, also of Indian apolis. Out of these five men who will make the trip, Dohelhower, Smith, and Lockwood are all major letterman veterans, while Freese and David are very promising newcomers to varsity compotition.
Keep yout with Tich Siiiishliie; Farms iflilk. Goiitaias :Vitamiiis A, B^, B^, C, ;DahdE;':.: '
Phone 5015
”And Fm really going to keep my eye on it. ’Cause when you import a girl for a dance, five dollars doesn’t go ve;ry far^ That is, unless you do as I’m doing, have her stay at the UNION cum And theXJNION CLUB saves you iuore than on the low cost of the room. There’s trauspottation, valuable dm^ and luaiiy other things . . , so it^ "the"'
tuo^n
tb« Cmm
J
* <J<
.... .’is. I
I
L
,. 'll®mm
ili^
Classified Ads.
ii
sSl
Tl^^wiiters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. O, F. Fbershoff, 605 Main St. Phone S779.
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week—Raspberry and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious. For Sale-rModem model 833 Packard sporte phaa^n. $386 cash. Can be seen day^ in front of CiwU Engineering Building, Purdue. B^ne 21884 : : .
Fpf Sale—3 tuxedo suite, size 36 and 40, tennis racquets—prices reasonable. We have a store ftdl of nice antique glass, silver, Eloper, pewter, prints and ibin|^ tbat are gift npyelttes for Mother’s Pa5^. Come in ^d fNewse around. Moore’s Colonial Mkt„ 220 N. Fifth.
• Lost-^ Delta sister pin. l^ouise Caldwell, 2975.
Found-^lack Parker pen in library. Owner jofliay obtain pen by calling Exponent and paying for ad.
NOTICES N« (Monpiaa aHpK • «»i*..
CoiaUtion in Clieenistry—^Ebcanas for removal of C grades iO chemistry’ 1 or 2 will be given Saturday, May 2nd, 1-y p. m., room 106, Chemistry Building. Unl^s special arrangements are made, only people who had the courses under F. J. Allen will be examined at the time and place noted above. Application for the exam should be made at room 210 Chemistry Building before May 2nd. The next regular opporUmity for removing C grades will be early in S^tember. —ALLEN.
Purdue Auto Club—Seorganization meeting tonight at 7:16 at the Phi Delta Theta house. Ail members please be present. —VAN DOREN.
All Engrineering Honorary Banquet Committee—Meet at 4 in room 1 of Union. —CISSELL.
fill
UNIVEKSITY CALENDAE
Today A. S. C. E. Meeting-^. E. Building, room 201, 7 p. m. . Industrial Education Society — Michael Golden Shops, 7-8 p. m. St. Olaf Choir — Concert—Eliza Fowler Hall, 8 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Test Night— Armory, 7-9 p. m. Tomorrow Baseball—Minnesota a^ MinnesoP. I. A. Spring Formal—^Union ballroom. . Saturday Alpha Spring For-; mal-^-Alteh’s balhoom, 9-12 p. ih. Basebail^Minh^otei at^ 6^^ ta. Deltu Upsilon Formal Dinher-baiice-—Chapter House, 6:30 to 12 p.;:'ro.. '.'-/V':-""-Scabbard and Blhde Iteugh 1^ tiation—Arinbry, 6 p. m. to 6 a. m. Unioii Mixer^lThion Baliroom 9 p, m.'\,. ^ Women’s Pan-Helieuic Luncheon ---Union ballroom. . Monday Agronomy Seminar—Ag Building, room 201, open, 4 p, m. Ag. Staff Luncheon—rXJnion 12 noon. Scabbard and Blade Initiation-— Armory drill floor, 6-6 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Initiation Banquet—Lincoln Lodgb, 6 p. m. Tuesday A. A. U. P. Dinner MeetingHome Economics Building, dining room, 7-9:30 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting—Education Building, 7-8 :p. m. A. S. C. E. Meeting—C. E. Building, room 201, 7-9:30 p. m. Baseball—Wabash at Crawfordsville.
W. A. A. BasehaU—Today at 4: Alpha Chi Om^s. vs. Wa^ 4, and Chi Om^a vs. Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta. —KELLY.
Mixed Recreation—Women’s Gym will be opened this evening. All. students are welcome. —BRADY.
W. A. A. Hike—Postponed until next week. Watch Exponent for special events tonwrrow. —DOBSON.
May Day—Group 2 meet in tower room of Union today. Group 3 at Women’s Gym at 4 today. .... —BOLDER.
Union Workers—Members of the following committees meet in the Union office at 4: Anspach, Grimm, Kuehn. —PULLER
DeWeese, Forestry Grad : And Exponent Member, Weds Friends here have received word of the recent marriage of J. W. DeWeese, 1936 forestry graduate, and now connected with the Indiana state forestry department, to Miss Amelia Cherry, Greenfield. They are living in Greenfield. DeWeese for mcrly was on the staffs of the Exponent and the Agriculturist.
Phi Kappa
Phi Kappa announce the pledging of E. L. Klein, Hammond.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Sigma Pi announces the pledging Of G. W. Bye, Corydon, and J. W. Bolton, Decatur.
Miss Marjorie A. McCutchan, ’33, gpaduate of Indiana State Teachers College, will become the home demonstration agent in Vanderburg County, June 1, succeeding Mrs. Laura Gottfried Bensen. Miss McGutchan has taught home economics work at Pine Village and Greencastle.
R. M. Seward, C. E, '34, is resigning his position with the Indiana state highway commis^iqsi to a position in the construction di^sion of Swift & Company, Chicago, beginning May 1st.
W
BADGERS DEFEAT—
i. (Continued from page 3) qnd play Medley once more dropped ba^^i^ the spheroid SMi yards and again it was Lehr who downed the ball. However, the Minfqi^sota pass defense got into action .iliid the next attempts proved futile, fhe Golds finally got possession of tbe ball when Captain Bell, center, intercepted a pass and then proceeded to run in some plain and fancy eircles before straightening out on a course down the field. The game dttded with tlie Minnesota team in possession of the ball in mid-field.
iPiKappa^lli
Pi Kappa
Discussion At Forum “Evolution” was the subject of the tenth meeting of the Discussion Forum, which was held last night in the faculty Ibunge of the Union. Q. L. Campbell, junior science student, was in charge of the meeting.
Newlyweds Return To Resume Studies Mr. and Mrs. M. G. Walther, who were married in Fowler last Thursday, returned to school Monday night after spending the week-end in Gary with their parents. The couple plan to complete the semes ter here and will reside at 483 Littleton Street.
i.^OLLECIATE ^ ^ ' '""J * * ^ s i Review
Theta Xi Theta Xi fraternity announces the initiation of R. J. Ruth, S. C. Ahrens^ J. A. Emslie, C, A. Richards^ R. L. Mansfield, and P. G. Stephan, and the pledging of S. G. Luther, East St. Louis, 111.
Students at Baker U., Baldwin, Kansas, finally won a 42-year fight to permit schopl dances, banned since the university was founded. But this inaugural dance had to be called off. Because of lack of interest, advance sales didn’t justify hiring an orchestra.
About every six months this department has to hire etymological experts to go over the college press of America and define for us the meanings of all the newest expressions". Otherwise the tiihe would soon come when college papers would be incomprehensible to us. The latest investigations have produced some excellent nuggets. For exiajrnple/ did you know that “goon”, “duly” and ’‘drip” all mean the same thing? In general they refer to a Mftlb: who jdst doesn’t fhte,j who is a punk, a washout, if you get our fneaning. The cbrrespondte8 term for a female of the samg type is “flatto”, although it is considered proper to use “floozie”. And should a male find himself tied to such a woinah, he is in a“tizzy”. Courtship has been redefined as meaning the act of “pitelung woo” or “making schmoo”, and considering the slightly syprupy nature of much contemporary adolescent love, the expresmons seem appropriate. A “stout fellah” may suddenly find himself become very “antey” just before finals which means hei has found it necessary to study hard. In such a case, the reason for his lack of knowledge probably is that he has been spending toO much time “huddling with his honey bubble.”/. Newest terms of endearment are: “my little chickadee” or “my little rocky-mountain canary” or “my little fair-feathered friend.” * If: * After that paragraph it seems somewhat ineffectual to "give Phil Baker’s warning to college students : “College boys go social too soon,” he said. “Girls and parties ought to take a back seat while a boy gets ready to do something important. You Can’t mix gals with a career; one of them is bound to suffer.” Of course what Mr. Baker means is that a stout fellah ought not go in for pitching woo when he ought to be really antsy in order that later he may hit the big time. ' if: , * 4: Spring note of faint hope for Greek letter men: Out in the Univer sity of Washington, they are looking into the possibility of the administration witholding academic credits from those students who owe bills to their fraternities. It looks like it’s the cowgirls out west who are the toughies, not the cowboys. Anyway in the University of Utah, investigators tried to find out how much theoretic etiquette (say that fast) the freshmen girls and boys knew. The males outclass ed the female. They all agreed however, that guni-chewing and love making in public was not in good taste and that if one insisted on it, one should first seek out a heavy clump of sagebrush.
if the fiouble dptiveway, which at present extends from the ihain entrance on State Street to the “Center of the Universe”—that circle between the Mechanical and Pharmacy Buildings—is to be continued, the present Engineering Administration Building must necessarily be razed.' The completion of the new Administration Building will practically eliminate the necessity for this old structure isasmuch as the offices of the deans of men and women and the personnel director will be contained in the. new structure while the engineering administrative offices will be moved to the Service and Stores Building. Chemistry Addition If the present Chemistry Building is carefully observed, it will be noticed that the west side has been cqnsteucted' with; the' jjoS^bility of makinjg an addition v^en; neOfe^i^ demands. The large enrollment of the past year has taxed this building to the limit, and, when funds are available, an addition wll be erected oii the site of the present Woman’s Gymnasium, according to the j^ans; for the future. When the double driveway is comv pleted, the campua will be diyided into a “Y”, With the new Administeation Building at the center. This building, too, is "being erected with an eye to the future in that it is eventually to serve as a foyer to a huge auditorium which will be built oh the ground that was used as a baseball diamond until this year. ■PWA Grant ^ : At the present time, there has been made an application to the federal government for a $270,000 jp'ant for PWA funds which would serve as a foundation for the financing of the proposed fieldhouse and gymnasium. If the request is granted, plans have \been conceived for the remainder of the financial structure that would be inyolved, but if Purdue does not get the grant, students will, in all probability, be without these accomodations for many years.
JUST ARRIVED
Separate White Coats...White Flannel Pants Deep Tone Shirts ’V 500 Maipi St., Lafayette
saae
SUMMERPLANS— (Continued from page 1) Ross, Lafayette manufacturer and Purdue trustee; Dr. E. H. Shideler, state director of rehabilitation; and Frank Watson, director of the Purdue Housing Project, have been booked. These people are in addition to various members of the Univen-
Om
IS Jo
IS .24
Many aak the question, “which Is
2Sl0
44
an automobile?” The chart above gives the answer. It shows that between 1922 and 1984 inclusive the rat® of death from a.utomobiie accidents in the United States increased 107 per cent. Grouping all the ages under IS shows that the rate of death has decreased 7 per cent. If the ages are grouped, however, by each iva years, the data developed by the Travelers Insurance Company disclose that the only reduction has been in the group of five to nine, where the rate of death ha8< decreased 26 per cent. Hats should be off to this group and to the police and teachers for; the savings In life. The really serious fact.that this chart brings cut is the very great percentage increase in the death rate in the group between 16 and 24 years of age. A part otthis agtj Corresponds to the high School group. Such a bad record gives emphasla to the question whether high Schools eyerywhere shouldn’t be proyIding instruction in the safe use of the automobile.
sity. staff. . General topics to be covered during the institute .will indude development of personality, enrichment of family life, challenge of leisure, promotion of good citizenship, strengthening of leadership, science of social relations and allied subjects. Copies of the detailed program may be obtained from Prof. O. F. Hall, Educational Building, Purdue University, Lafayette.
Phi Kappa Sigma announces the pledging of Neil Dougherty, Chicago,ni. '
of Good Auto Service
Correct and up-to-date equipment is the sure sign of quick and satisfactory auto repairing. Where the tools are right and facilities are handy, repairing becomes a quicker and I easier job-~hence costing you much less. We have a complete and modem shop—just another reason to bring your car to Petef Anderson’s when it’s time to look it over.
6th an^ Alabama Phone 4048 We Never Close ^ ^ ^
■lull J,
1
■■ ■
asA.’' o I
I r
I
' ' -v T
_ 1
B, e. RBISNE»(
.
’ ' - ■ ,
'* til* tUsiMoff «alb , . A YELLOW „ V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Bluk Can for Ssteeial O^eaaioBa 2Se p«r gtawenKer anr pari of «lio dty SOas PHONES <071 YELLOW CAB CO.
'spe
ANB™^mG Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Pbdne 3882
^^^liipi: ;;saoW. ... 'w8 r p, JWiono.’MaS;’ , . ’ I
and come up with a smile if ypur fayprite team goes down in defeat. But you never take any chances with your advertising if you advertise in the Exponent.
come to life in the spring because the warm rain and sunshine puts hew life in-< to them. And advertising will have the same effect on your business.