W
. 'L'A
See You Tonight \— At The Annual Summer Prom
Founded In 1889
Z-185
X/pX^4ie4U. Daily Since 1906
Volume 5, No. 15
Friday July 25, 1941
Larry Clinton Plays Tonight For Summer Prom
Our Town' Successful, Well-Liked Larger Audience Atf'ends Second Night Performance By John Traugott The philosophy of “Our Town” may be good or bad, it may be just or blind, we neither know nor care. We are certain that it is real. And it is not an obvious attempt at realism, rather it is uninhibited and free of any specious “cause.” The play is a natural, and while it is pleasant to take, it is not bathos or sickening sentimentality. It takes a strong sympathy and hard work to do a play like “Our Town,” where feeling is everything and there are few superficial gag lines, And certainly the Summer Playshop cast was completely successful last night in Fowler Hall. The house, principally townspeople, was bigger than the opening night’s free performance for students, and perhaps that is some sort of commentary on the intelligence and habits of the student body. The acting was good because it wasn’t all acting; the lines of'the play struck too close to home for anyone in the cast to forget that he or she had heard them someplace before. The star of the evening as far as we are concerned was Sarah Andrew, who had an inconsequential role that required nothing more than a few exuberant remarks. She i^layed the part of Rebecca, a moon-gazing kid who was interested in things as they happened, and easily proved it. Her wonderment over a letter completely addressed down to the Western Hemisphere, the World, and the Solar System hit a familiar note with almost everyone in the house who recalled a similar incident. For complete sincerity and collective good work, “Our Town” was easily the best production Kenn (Continued on page 4)
Stewart Will Head National Society Of Choir Directors Albert P. Stewart, University choral director, was elected president of the National Association of Choir Directoi’s last Monday at their annual meeting at Northwestern university. He succeeds Dr. Robert G. McCutchan, dean-emer-itus of the DePauw university school of music, as president of the organization. Stewart attended the University as a student in the school of science in the class of ’31 and has been on
AL STEWART
the staff since his student days. He is director of the University Choir and of the Men’s Glee club and directs all University musical events. Six years ago he 'organized the Tippecanoe County farm woman’s chorus, first group of its kind in the country. Since then he has formed many similar organizations throughout the state which have a total membership of over 2400 women. The movement has spread to many other states and was featured in articles in Recreation and in The Reader’s Digest.
Dave Rankin Faces Realization Of Old Dream In All-Star Game
By Joe Dolan Comes a time in every young Tuan’s life when he attains his boyhood goal or, paradoxically too often, he fails or lethargically quits, and just five days from this morning eleven football players just out of college will attain a boyhood dream—a starting position on the all-star football team that faces the World’s Champions each Aug. 28. Purdue University graduated a youth, rugged in structure and spectacular in performance, Dave Rankin, this last June who at this writing seems a cinch to start at one of the end positions this coming August 28. When Dave came to school back in ’37, his one ambition was to play regular at Purdue. Mai Elward, nationally-known because of his everlasting success in developing expert ends, instilled in Porky Rankin the desire to develop his hands as well as the Warsaw Wizzard’s fleet feet. Soon Dave was the pass catching sensation of the nation, highlighting his success against Michigan State in ’39 with his famous flip-flop catch. Hd' made the Players All-American team that season, but his boyhood dream of playing in the all-star game as a starter seemed ’too far remote to V materialize; however his senior sea- ^ son was to shove him not only for\^rd as a star but also a leader for
A,
Naval Flying Cadet Board To Examine Applicants July 30 Candidates for Naval flight training will be examined July 30, 31 and August 1 by a Naval Reserve Aviation Cadet Selection Board at the University Health Service, according to word received here yesterday. The board will enlist men for a special Purdue squadron, which already is composed of 35 to 40 former students accepted by the board on previous trips to the campus. No Examination Given Applicants for the training must be between the ages of 20 and 2^, unmarried and in excellent physical condition. No mental examinations are given for entrance. Candidates must have completed at least ofte^alf of the college credits required for graduation. Graduates of secondary CPT courses meeting the requirements will be admitted to naval flight training at an advanced stage. Applicants will remain in active service for four years after entering advanced training. While undergoing training cadets receive $75 per month plus a subsistence allowance of $1 per day. On active duty as officer pilots they receive pay totaling $245 per month. Cadets are issued government life insurance in the amount of $10,000, which is maintained throughout their service in naval flight units. Class To Start August 15 Candidates accepted by the board during this visit to the University will join a class starting in Chicago the midlde of August. From there they will be transferred to one of the 16 Naval Reserve aviation bases as a unit for^primary flight training. Upon completion of the course cadets will receive commissions as ensign in the United States Naval Reserve, and be assigned to active duty as pilot in the Aeronautic Organization of the United States Navy.
John McCallister, Janice Yeoman To Reign At Fourth Annual Affair With swing provided by the nationally-known Larry Clinton Orchestra, the 1941 Summer Prom will be held in the Union ballroom tonight from 10 p. m. until 2:45 a. m. Both ballrooms of the building have been thrown open to the more than 600 couples expected to attend this summer formal affair. Tickets for this fourth annual dance, highlight of the entire summer social season, will be obtainable at the door for those who have not yet purchased theirs. 'The price remains at two dollars per couple. King and Queen for the event, as selected by student vote last week, are John McCallister, a Phi Gamma Delta and sophomore engineer, and Janice Yeoman, a Kappa Kappa Gamma and senior in the school of home economics.
LARRY CLINTON
Charles Sauetag'15 '"‘erview Wit/i Welfare DepathnenI Named To Park Board ‘l’'''*'"''
But Interesting Of Infantile Paralysis
a defeated cause—a defeated cause by less than two and one-half min-
utes.
His popularity in the mid-west spread nationally until this Purdue man has amassed better than 385,500 votes. He stands second only to Chicagoland’s own Milt Piepul, of Notre Dame, and the rest of the nation’s leading backfield aces. If Sonny Franck, Minnesota’s speedster wins a starting post, as is well indicated, the all-star team will unite two former high school teammates, as Rankin and Franck played end together out at Davenport, Iowa, when Dave was a sophomore in high school. Dave then moved with his family to Warsaw, Indiana, where he starred before coming to Purdue. Other lads probably to be united by the vote will be O’Boyle and Harmon, both having propped at Horace Mann high at Gary, Ind. Speaking of Indiana, the all-star team looks as if it will have its uniforms full of Hoosier athletes, as Emile Uremovich (remember, he’s the guy that got slugging Tex Axton last Nov.?) Indiana’s tackle of immense proportions, is close • to the top of the tackles. Rucinski, another I. U. performer, from East Chicago, seems destined to play the opposite end from Dave. (Continued on page 4)
Capt. Charles G. Sauers, general superintendent of the Forest Preserve District of Cook County, 111., who was graduated from the University School of Agriculture in 1915, has been appointed as a member of the Advisory Board on National Parks, Historic Sites, Buildings and Monuments by Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes, it was learned here yesterday. Captain Sauers, who will fill the vacancy created by the death of Major Gist Blair, Washington, D. C., has become a national figure in the field of parks and recreation during his 12-yebr administration of the 35,000 acre recreation area that serves Chicago.-From 1919 until he became the Cook County Superintendent in 1929, Captain Sauers was assistant to director of Indiana Department of Conservationj. He is a native of Brookville, Inoi^ and now resides in Riverside, 111., a Chicago suburb. Following his graduation, he studied at Harvard University and'then served in the First World War as a captain of field artillery. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the National Conference on State Parks, the American •Institute of Park Executives, and the American Society of Landscape
Architects.
In 1940, under the sponsorship of the National Park Service and in collaboration with Harold S. Wagner, Pirector-Secretary of the Akron, -^hio, Metropolitan Park District, Captain Sauers made a survey of the National Capital Parks in Washington,JD. C., which resulted in recommendations for the reorganization of that unit in »aj;he Park Service.*
By John Willsey (Exponent Office Thursday P. M.) Tomorrow night is Friday night. That’s really not so strange when you stop to consider that tomorrow is Friday. But that isn’t important. The important thing is that tomorrow night is Prom and tonight we have a paper to fill. With something like Prom coming up filling the paper shouldn’t be so hard, but somehow it is never as easy as it ought to be. One rather stock method of filling the paper would be to give the band a big play up. In fact, why not interview Larry Clinton and his boys? “What do you think of the Purdue co-eds? (typical question) Not so bad, eh! you probably saw a previe'w of them up at Ideal Beach the other night. The summer crop are a little more informal than they are in the winter, but we aren’t kicking. They do alright when they want to. (Stock question No. two) How do you like playing for college dances ? Of course the hopping about isn’t too convenient, but there is nothing like seeing America first. You meet so many nice people, or do you? Collegians really aren’t such bad people after you get to know them, but why are we standing here telling you a lot of things you already know. What do you think of Purdue? (They always have to be polite on this one. Everyone but Whiteman) Of course its down here off the beaten path, but we do have a few (Continued on page 3)
It was announced recently by the state welfare department that Ind^a may expect an infantile paralysis epidemic late this summer. The announcement waa made by the department’s division of services for crippled children in a special six-page bulletin. This welfare division has made careful studies of poliomyelitis since its first outbreak in Indiana in 1939 and has been providing consultive, orthopedic -n u r s i h g, physical therapy, and medical social services to persons afflicted with the disease. Health authorities who have dealt with epidemics in other parts of the country report that infantile paralysis epidemics seem to follow a definite sequence. The number of reported cases the first year is generally small. The second year brings a definite epidemic, while the disease reaches its peak in the third year. It is ^tremely likely that the disease will follow this pattern in Indiana. If so, poliomyelitis in epidemic form is probable for this summer in Indiana, especially in those counties which had cases last year. There were more than 700 reported cases last year with the greatest number concentrated in St. Joseph (South Bend), Elkhart, and Marshall counties. Nearly twenty percent of the 7,832 children listed on the Indiana crippled children’s register as of December 31, 1940, were diagnosed as having crippling conditions due to infantile paralysis.
Grand March Is Highlight Highlight of the evening will be the Grand March which begins at 11:30 p. m. The King and Queen, together with Prom Chairman Dick Adams and his guest. Marge Briscoe, will lead it. Following the first tour of the ballrooms, Adams will officially crown the King and Queen in front of the bandstand, and the march will conclude with another circuit of the rooms. Ser'ving in the Queen’s court, consisting of runners-up in the voting, will be Janet Glatz, Frances Potter, Marianna Duke, and Virginia Graves. Co-ed Hours 3 a. m. Co-ed hours for this year’s Prom - have been set at 3 a. m. by the official AWS committee. All co-eds enrolled in the Summer Session are expected to obey this deadline hour. Larry Clinton, leader of the band which bears his name, has been called the triple threat man of the music business. Besides directing the group, he is an arranger and composer, and in fact, is also an ' aviator with almost 1,000 flying hours to his credit. His accomplishments as composer include the popular “My Reverie” and “Dipsy Doodle,” and" he has also named his^ Stinson monoplane “Dipsy Doodle.” Larry apprenticed his musical career ■with such nationally-known bands as Tommy Dorsey, Glen Gray, Isham Jones, and Ferde Grofe, and his rise was swift because of his arranger abilities. His earlier training had been at home. When his arrangements became so popular that ”RCA”asked him to record under his own name, he accepted and was soon on the top. Featured with the orchestra are vocalist Peggy Mann, who specializes in ballads, and “Butch” Stone, the scat singer. Safety Specialist To Join Institute Staff The University Safety Institute expects to add to its staff a specialist in protection of industrial plants, it was announced yesterday by Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, who also heads up the work of the Safety Institute. The specialist will be used to conduct training courses in industrial plants of the state, this work having become increasingly important with the advent of the Defense program. The training courses wiU cover surveys of industrial plants to study the steps they have taken in the way of police and fire protection and what additional work might be done. Then special courses will be organized to train the plant workers in promotion of these phases of safety. Special work in police protection and also knowledge of fire fighting and prevention of arson are requisites for whoever will be employed, Knapp said.
MartKF Owens
. . . Sdk/41, of ConnersviUe, has been nameoas a junior visitor in the Fayette County Public Welfare Department. ‘
r
* V I , i I < ] rK^„ 1 ' I *€|l ^12—£dUtA.
Friday July 25, 1941
^^WtdusL £3cpa>mnL
The Fifth Column
Well, we see that after the first few weeks of brilliant victories, costly defeats and miscellaneous bloodshed, the Nazi and Soviet editors have ceased to exert themselves to the extent of capturing and annihilating more than 1 or 2 divisions per day. In fact, yesterday the German press only captured 13,000 Russians. Slackers!
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Action 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly, during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents.
PUBLICATION STAFF Editor; J. L. TEAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Business 8471
Accountants To Play Plant Squad Tonight
Notices
to take a hand in the geographical redecorations in Europe. It sounds good to us . « . except that we know the ways they have in mind . . . and eventually* it
One Nazi editor even relaxed to the extent of staffing that the Russians were holding their lines stubbornly because of difficult terrairt. His assistant will probably receive a promotion when Adolf finds out—and he’ll get a new job, too— Concentrating in a camp provided for the purpose.
Accounting A. C. will play the Physical Plant team in the second game of their grudge series this evening ori~the Intramural field. Since the first game between the two teams, both claim they have shown great improvement and that a real tussle may be expected. Manager Hession of the Physical Plant will start Bob Jones on the mound for his team. Fred Willis will take the hill for the Accounting squad. The rest of the line-ups are as
Sunday Evening Union: Picnic at Happy Hollow, Sunday, July 27. Meet at University Presbyterian Church at 6:30 p. m. to hike out. Prof. Charles Murphy will speak. Supper will be 15 cents and everybody is welcome. —BROWN
Classified Ads
Lost: Black fountain pen. Finder please return to Charles Jay, 427 State St. Phone 8407.
means us. Of course they have a lot of ground to cover in the
lower income brackets before they get down to us.
but
We don’t think we’ll need any new pocketbqoks in the near future.
If he’s lucky. S • » ■ We observe that the House ways and means committee has figured out a way to make $3,529,200,000— to buy boats and blasting equipment in case we decide
A hatchery operator in Illinois got a deferment from the army until his eggs hatched, we note. We are going to call the attention of our draft board to that row of eggs in our room and politely' suggest that we will be unable to serve until they produce . . . We don’t think they’ll notice that they’re china, rlh
follows: Physical Plant
Accounting
Bol
C
DeBruler
Hession
IB
Arbuckle
Minton
2B
Bodden
Kennedy ,
Meid
Schluntz
3B
Hollen'sbe
Hendricks
RF
Smith
Campbell
CF
Jacoby
Borton
SP
Fletemeyer
Hilt
LP
Brown
WBAA
FRIDAY, JULY 24
12:00—Wake Up and Live 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—^WBAA Presents 12:50—Purdue News 1:00—Ag. Forum 1:15—Special Transcribed Music 1:30—Farmers and Merchants Round-Table 1:45—Markets 2:00—Monitor Views the News 2:15—tA Chapter a Day 2:30—Moods in Music, Mrs. C. W. Hemmer 2:45—Moods in Music, Mrs. C. W. Hemmer 3:00—Parade of Business 3:15—Classics Matinee 3:45—Meet Your Voice 4:00—Marjorie Williamson , 4:15—Better Vision 4:30—Theatre of Song 4:45—Music 7:00—Concert Strings 7:30—Music of the Day
2:00—Monitor 2:15—Carolyn Wood 2:30—Album (Southworth’s) 3:00—Stamp Club 3:15—Alberta Schmadel ■ 3:30—The Army Speaks 3:45—Paul Funk, pianist 7:00—Concert Strings 7:30—Music of the Day
There is more gold in solution in the sea than there is at Fort Knox, but no profitable means of recovering it has yet been devised.
SATURDAY, JULY 26
12:00—^Wake Up and Live 12:15—^Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Charlie Powell 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Markets 1:45—Just Kids
HEALTHFULLY COOL
Starts SATURDAY
A WARNER BROS. HIT with JEFFREY LYNN; Philip Dorn * Kaoren Verne * Mona Maris: —LAST TIMES TODAY—
Think of Dorner's When You' Think of Summer Prom Corsages
A beautiful corsage for a beautiful girl. Dorner's always will guarantee the best and highest quality flowers at anytime.
Dorner’s Flower Shop
Main at 7th
Pays 50% CASH For Second Hand
Purdue College Books and 60% Trade-In
On Anything in the Store
H. G. “Deac ” REISNER BOOKSTORE —Established 1908— 325 StaTe Street West Lafayette, Indiana^UhduJL £3^3bfUtJ^
Friday July 25. 1941
' I'l'*'
Expert SWiiie Judges
The Indiana Association of Expert ^wine Judges '^vill hold its 63rd annual meeting and judg^ing school here on Tuesday, August 5, in the livestock judging pavilion it was announced yesterday by John Schwab, secretary of the association and University extension hogman. „
All swine breeders arid others directly interested pri the judging of hogs are invited to attend the meeting and take an active part in the judging classes; The object of the school is to acquaint judges and breeders with the breed standards, improyed type, quality and conformation of hogs so that consistent swine judging will be practiced in all shows and fairs in Indiana, Arthur Tomson of Wabash is president, and Clarence Beard of Frankfort is vice-presidentt-
Lieut. Droege, BE '32 Parents' Institute Set
For Early November
the Purdue Exponent Service; Directory V ^
• Diiie
• School Supplies
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Complete Line of ^ Greeting Cards Universify Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 • R. W. "Doc" Epple'40
Milton Droege, EE ’32, a reserve first lieutenant in the division of riiilitary intelligerice, has been transferred to Harvard University from Port Douglas, Salt Lake City, Utah, where he was sent last month. Droege is one of the lOO officers chosen from the entire country to take up research work in radio engineering at Harvard. Before being called into the army in June, he was assistant substation operator for the Commonwealth Edison Com-
pany in Chicago.
While at the University Lieut. Droege was prominent in campus activities, being affiliated with Eta Kappa Nu, Scabbard and Blade,
Annual Parents’ Institute of the Indiana Congress of Parerits and Teachers which is held every year at, the School of home economics here will be staged this year during the first week' in November, according' to word just received from the officers of the group. The institute this year will be a two-day instead of a three-day affair. The officers are riOw working with Dean Mary L. Mathews and her staff in planning the event, The board of managers of the State Congress will ineet at the University in connection'with the Institute.
Interview (Continued'from page 1) advantages. Located in West Lafayette, “The Garden S|fot of America.’’ Oh you’ve heard of that too. Quite a coincidence both of us knowing the same corriy jokes. (This one is included in all interview stories with band leaders.) How do you like being a band leader? Well naturally you probably Uke it or you wouldn’t be going around being that. Of course we wanted to, be a farmer, but after all We do see hoW maybe it would be fun to be a band leader. There are lots of things that we would much rather'riot be than a band leader. » (Of course by this time the interview is beginning to run down, but
the boss said make it long so we'd better patch in at least mother one.) Of course you’ve had some unusual experiences. Like the time the bass player got mad at the trumpet player and put ifcMiig powder on his mouth piece only to find that the trumpet player had put white mice in the base fiddle and they had gnawed a couple o£ extra holes in it. This ought to be long enough to fill the hole. Of course you understand that Larry and the boys are on the other side of the river and with the ed the way he is I figured that I hadn’t ought to take the time to run over and really interview them. I hope no One minds.
Si
4: ■
If it is lost, try an inexpensive Exponent classified!
Keep them smooth and lovely with
Tru-Color Lipstick
Swim Nightly in the FIELDHOUSE POOL
m " Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNOE ^ ^ ^ ^ CAFE Both Air Condiiioined
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
This remarkable lipstick ^. originated by Max Factor Hollywood ...has four amazing features... 1, tifetike red of your lips 2, non‘drying,butindeliblo 3,iafe for sensitive Ups 4. etimindies lipstick line Coldrharmony shades for $*100 blonde, brunette, brown- I ette and redhead types... Jt
Downstairs Store
What% ffi a Point Job? Quality paint is the foremost factor in a good paint job. ‘With high quality workmanship naturally becomes better. Make your dollars go farther and last longer, also with “Piftshwirgh” paint when yian redecorate for summer. Ijaside or out Pittsburgh paint will do the job better, yet yon spend no more.
GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main SL ' > Phone 3841
3kmmL?
Then let a competent garage mechanic squeeze the difficulties out for you ... X ^ ■ When your car starts acting badly don't think you have a lemon. Any of the competent auto^ mobile mechanics at Pete Anderson's can iron out your difficulties, thus making your /:ar a sweet, smooth-running chariot. So don't think you "have a lemon" when yiaiir^ljar bredks down. V
Drop In or Coll
''After You We Come First'
i
525 Alabama St.
Phone 4048
DATE FLOWERS Clark’s have standing orders for the FIRST blooms the moment they are snipped. Call ns and order the loveliest of flowers in season for her corsage. Summer Prom ■ ■ t ' and all that goes with it. . . FLOWERS.
Phone 8451
527 Main St.
as a '' Summer Rain You can actually see the life return to your g^u> ments . . . you can smell the freshness thaFs brought out again and never a trace of grease or dirt to mar their brilliance! Send your clothes to West Side for a cleaning job thaFs miles ahead.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Yine
. I
I I \ ^ !V
,. •» r
iPiwi^sjai
S^aqsL 4
Friday July 25, 1941
fiwubjUL £xpomnL
'Our Town'
(Continued from page 1) Caimichael has put on the University stage in our three years on campus. George Cummins, who looked like the part he played, turned in a real job as the fatalistically humorous explainer of the status quo of “Our Town.” There are many lines in the play that are placed there to give the audience an introspective view of the people who go through the process of Daily Life, Love and Marriage, and Death. These lines were handled by Cummins with a proper spirit of acceptance and aloofness that is rooted deeply in tradition. The play’s purpose is to forget completely suspense and to sublimate action to a feeling of awareness of the future and evaluation of each character and the general philosophy that enveloped them all. The lines where Stage Manager Cummins points out that Joe Crowell, the newsboy, died in 1917, four years after the play’s final action takes place, or that Editoi Webb died in 1930 are little short of genius on the pait of the'’ playwright in forcing the audience to adopt the attitude and sympathy that he wishes. It is more fun writing about faults than credits, and we looked earnestly for a few. We found only, two, both of which were incidental and unimportant, and both of which were cases of effusive overacting. The first was the state univeisity professor who stomped out on the stage 111 Seals and Roebuck whiskers and would have made a marvelous villain foi any blood and thunder movie. But he just wasn’t right for “Our Town.” Our other objection is also in the fiist act with_^ the Man-in-the-Audience who made a gieat noise tiomping down the aisle to scream a question in an obviously affected manner. We aie aware that the man was supposed to be a crank, but we can’t imagine even a crank acting like a two-bit tragedian. Among the others of the cast who were particularly effective were Caroline Wood who neatly convinced everyone that she was a middle aged New England mother with two children, and who, we are convinced, should be a New England mother with two children; Becky
Pervine, who fitted her part perfectly; Haskell Metz, who was particularly good when he was around a soda fountain; and indeed everyone else in the cast. Carol Bals made a happy Whispering-Woman-in-Church, an animal that everyone is familiar wi.th. Although we believe that the play’s only fault is a too prissy ending in the graveyard with all the spirits whispering with haloed looks upon their countenances that living people “just don’t understand,” there is indeed a haunting realism and beauty to the scene where the dead Emily returns to take one more look at “Daily Life.” It was perhaps the most difficult scene for Becky Pervine’s Emily, and she did it with piofessional care and understanding. Before ending this piece it is well to observe that casting can make or break a play and Kenn Carmichael seemed to have found a perfect jig-saw solution to the pioblem.
Dave Rankin Fac^s
(Continued from page 1)
Hank Greenberg, Detroit outfielder last year, led the American league with 384 total bases, these coming from 195 hits, 41 of which were home runs.
Purdue has had a man in the starting lineup at Chicago every year, and each year a Purdue man has been the star performer in one department or another. Last season, Lou Brock was elected to begin the fracas at a halfback post, but a knee injury just rectified by an operation was too new to test with action; so he retired after the kickoff and one play. But Cec Isbell of Green Bay carried on by personally trouncing the collegiates with his passes and runs.. As many of you recall, it was our own beloved Nobe Kizer, who coached the initial attempt at the game back in '34, proving beyond a doubt that he was the most popular coach in the business, and don’t be surprised if Elward, present Boilermaker director isn’t noticed this summer. John Drake, present deluxe player of both leagues with his fullback rushes for Cleveland, started and starred m the ’37 game. Other Purdue greats who started that game are Joe Mihal, who will play more than two quarters of this summer’s game for the Bears, Duane Purvis, and Fred Hecker.
A
(2
e
for Summer Prom
Let us know the color of her dress then leave the rest to us. Corsages priced from 75c to $1000.00. She will j never forget you with the lasting impression given
by a Roth corsage.
l^otL ^iondt
635 Main St.
Phone 7955
(^ampjjLdu (Dailijl
The Purdue Exponent
Get your subscription to the Exponent now, avoid late rush, errors, inconveniences.
It will be a larger paper than ever before.
It will have complete world and national news coverage.
It will have complete campus coverage.
Phone Your Subscription for the 1941-42 Paper to the Exponent Office, 4005
V %i
Keep Cool
with Crown Cleaned Clothes.
It’s like shaking off the heat to get into clothes
fresh from our modern cleaning plant.
Orown Laundry
1NE CLEANERS OF FINE CILOTHES
THE SALE
IS ON
We need room for ^ new fall clothes. In spite of our greatly increased costs we offer these tremendous savings.
SPECIAL ' GROUP
SUITS $1795 VALUES TO $35.00
GENUINE PALM BEACH SUITS
WHITE COATS $17.75 GBEATLY REDUCED VALUES
$13.95
TROPICAL WORSTED SUITS $14-95 up
SANFORIZED SPORT SHIRTS WASH SLACKS in or Ou. Models $1.00 Values, now 79c SPECIAL GROUP $1-29 *1-“ ■■■ $2.00 Values, now $1.59
OTHER VALUES WORTH CONSIDERING
SWEATERS WOOL SLACKS ENSEMBLE SUITS SWIM TRUNKS SPORT BELTS SUMMER ROBES SUMMER CAPS WHITE SHOES
25 to 40% OFF
sgomaiMst