^> >
1'^’ ' I '' v"
:/ ' >
'\l
>?)
ft"!
’A' ': =
cfiiof. Dance
Featuring'^^his^f^feolutio^jTO^ 4ie ^'Flrst ih^aferie^ ra three dances problem of bi’idgihg the gap be- thdt Wil| bring “big nathe” bands tween sweet and swing, Shep Fields to thfe campus' on conse'cutive Fldand his “New Musid” will open the da'^'nights irt addition to the regUnion Band Patade tonight at'8;30. ulad mixers, tonight’s affair'will be
hold in both ballrooms. The danee will mark the close of the special Band Parade ticket sale, during which tickets for' the complete series were sold for $4.00, permitting purchasers to save approximately 25 per cent of the cost of admission to individual danefes at $1.65 each. Musicians Versatile Fields’ orchestra, formerly known foh its “rippling rhythm,” now fea-
tures a new conception of instrumentation and slyle> Nine saxophones and four rhythm pieces are used to produce & tnellbw musical effect Urithoufthe aid of a standard brass section, the reedmhn doubling on 45 different instruments to Obtain color and blending that pteventis the music from becoming monotonous. It was after attending laV? school at St. John’s Univbrsify that Fields
took definite steps to develop a dance band, although he had led his own orchestra before entering \sofr sttidie.s. After successful engagements in New York City, the hai^ began touring the country and since 1936 has broadcast regularly in addition to being featured in several motion pictures. Ralph Young, baritone, is chief Vocalist for “the only hand of its, kind in the world.” '
Established 1889
Hit Hirohitu
Volume
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, September IT, 1942
SKep Fields, popular orchestr,a leader, will present his "New Music" tonight in the Union ballrooms. Now featuring nine saxophones and no brass, he recently changed from "Rippling Rhythm" to the smoother dance music of a large reed section. Laughing Philosopher Will Speak At Convo Strickland GiUilan Will Begin Talk At 3 P. A4. Sunday In Music Hall
J By Jean Lauer
On Sunday afternoon students, faculty and townspeople will have the unique treat of hearing America’s laughing philosopher, Strickland Gillilan, as he talks in the Music Hall at 3 p. m. on the subject, “Let’s Laugh As We Fight’’. Enjoying h 'world-wide reputation as a literary figure, both in>prose and poetry, Gillilan is a speaker who can amuse his audience while at the same '
Pep Session On Tuesday Meeting Will Begin In Pronf Of Union Building At 3*30 P.^. Officially opening this year’s football season, as far as the fans are concerned, Elmer Burnham, head football coach, will mpet with the student body in Ress-Ade Stadihm Tuesday aft-
ernoon at 4 o’clock.
Over a public address system, Burnham'will announce players, give a description of the position they are playing and what they will be expected to do in the first footl^l game, make
Gathering together last night, the SDX Rivet Rasse er com- remarks about Fordham’s team, arid atteriapt to let the students in on some of the details of
Beards To Sprout Again For SDX Subway Brawl
By Rob Boswinkle
mittee, with no discrimination whatsoever, laid out plans, for this year’s most waited for event, the Sigma Delta Chi Riv-
eters Rassel. ;
The Rassel will be staged, waged and frayed in both ball-
rooms of the Union Friday night, October 4.
The theme of the Brawl, wishing to deal with th^ war and at the same time sound an escapest note, will do both by set--ting the theme in a London ——•
Subway. Appropriate titles of queens who will reign over the subway for the night will be anonunced in a later edition of
the paper.
Voting, always running high, with a maximum of ballot stuffing, will assume a new summit in screwiness this year with each queen candidate gifted a mil-
Hockema Praises Independent ^ ' I z r It Association At Sales Meeting
Exponent Business Staff Will Hold Callout Monday Soph Eds, Coeds Urged To Attend
football in general and this year’s team in particular. Beginning about 3:30, Gimlets> Reamers and Gold Peppers, members of campus honoraries,'will meet in front of the Union and together with the “Boilermaker - Mascot,” will form a parade which will pick up students as if progresses to the
playing field.
time teaching something valu-
able.
Until recently a member of the White House Correspondents Association, he has attended all the press conferences conducted by Presidents Coolidge, Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt. He has entree to every official affair and other sources of information and is well-equipped to tell about the present happenings in
Washington, D. C.
Gillilan was referred to in Mark Sullivan’s histoiical work, “Our Times,” as author of “Off agin, on agin, gone agin—Finnigin” and two of his addresses are reproduced in
“Modern Eloquence.”
Author Of Fight Books
He is the author of eight volumes, “Including Finnigin,” “Including
You and Me,” “Sflhshine and Awk- 'the colleg^ term, or semester begin-
wardneSs,” “A Sample Case of Huiffoi’,” "Laugh It Off',” “Uanny and Fanny,” and “Danny and Fanny and Spot.” A very recent small edition of his sixty poems was published by Homer Rodeheaver, the trombone evangelist and pub-
lisher.
The title of this latest little volume is “Gillilan, Finnigin & Co.” Besides his writings and his extensive radio broadcasts, he has
spoken to some seven or
lion people, both in this country
and abroad. Booked Solid
ERC May Face Call To Duty In December St-iitisoil Announces Plans At Meeting, „ Secretary of Wa^ Stimson announced that college students who are in the Enlisted Reserve Corps may face a call to military service as soon as they reach the legal age of twenty yeai-s because of the increasing demand for man power. “The experiences of the war have now become such,” Stimson related at his press conference, “that it is now expected that by the end' of
Business staff of the Exponent
lion votes to begin with. All votes -will hold its first callout of the cur-
for a particular queen will count i-ent semester for sophomore eds done best by^this organization, negatively. The screwiness comes and coeds Monday afternoon at 4 The Pul’due Independent Assohere: The candidate with the most in its offices in the sub-basement of ciation will test its power votes will win. the Union Building. Workers are -^Jirough the voluntary COOp-
Growth of beards, traditionally needed on all three sections—cira part of the Rassel madness, will culation, accounting and advertise-
be encouraged to fullest extent with ment.
the SDX committee offering a va- The accounting staff, besides givrlety of prizes for the best of sev- ing practical experience in that
field, takes care of all money coming in and leaving the newspaper. In other words, they have such duties as keeping the books and writing out the numerous checks.
Circulation Department
Under the heading of circulation comes another important part of the paper. These workers sell subscriptions, see that the paper
Total Membership To Exceed Previous Records For Club
Acting Pfesident Hockema issued tlie follpwing statement
Thursday: “During the past several years the Purdue Itide- Try oht Cheering Section pendent Association has demonstrated its worth to the Uni- Abcording to Brpee Adam's, head versity. It is encouraging to know that P. I. A, is preparing cheer leader, the might of the Riv- . 1 j ■ eters cheering section will be tried
a vigorous plan of action for this year.
“P. 1. A. has a definitely useful place among the campus chance of the year for organized organizations, since there is much work for the betterment stadium,
of student life which can be ■
eral varities of growths.
I
Bud Roderick
To Play For Mixer
Saturday Night
eration of those eligible for
membership.”
Profqssor Hockema addressed the membership salesmen at a meeting, which opened the
Radio Audience Hear War-Time Slate Fair Over WBAA, WLS
•The system worked out for this first p‘dp session is "an improvement over last year’s open practices in that, by Burnham’s explanations, the uninformed football fan will kndw just exactly what is going on, and the session also will be made mofe interesting for those more infogmed post game quarterbacks. The possibilities of additional similar pep sessions wiU depend upon
Last year’s Indiana State Fair the success of this first one
crowds became this year’s radio
current membership drive, in the audiences for the State Fair of the Union Building Tuesday night. He Air, War-time replacement of the instructed the salesmen in the annual agricultural exposition. The method of selling; he quoted many programs are being prod^jeed in of his own-experiences in selling. gliza Fowler Hall and carried by Membership Hits New High stations WBAA, WIRE of IndianAccording to John Pedlar, the ^Polis and WLS of Chicago, chairman of the PI A membership Yesterday's program, “Machinery
delivered on time and to the right campaign, more memberships have and Equipment Day,” featured dis
been sold to date than at any other cussions'on the critical farm ma- ' t>r, firL;'Erutz‘’6f the University similar period in PIA history. From chinery shortage by Bonders, secre- agricultural economics staff was
iiing in September, those student members of the reserve who have now reached ^tho selective service age will all, or for the most part, be called to active duty and those reaching that age during subsequent semesters will similarly be
called.”
Other Reserves To Be Used Stimson also stated that several
thousand members of thg regular Army Reserve, Enlisted Reserve Corps and -National Guard of the
ight mil- United States, who have been de-
ferred because of dependents will probably be called to active duty in October or November, siheq Congress has made the necessai-y allot-
Bud Roderick and his orchestra, from the University of Illinois, will
play for the Union mixer tomorrow place, take in classified ads and from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. check to see that the printing is
Roderick, who played for the going off smoothly.
“Jail Bird” mixer last fall is known The advertising staff, which is for his sweet and mellow reed sec- split up into several parts, contacts tion and his “Music Styled for the merchants in town periodically
You.” During the summer he played and take their ads. The ed contact continue the drive for two weeks, meet th* situation with machinery at Ideal Beach on Schaft'er Lake. s.taff will be I'erouted to give all new A house to hgush canvas of all in- repait schools was explained by The backdrop for the dance will workers a chance to get in on the dependent students will be made Russell Shipman, agricultural cube blue cambric with spangled let- ground floor. After the ads are sold, during this time. Seniors will have gineering extension man of the Uniters in the latest of modern de- they must be made up, which pre- the privilege of buying a one se- versity; thfe trading or pooling of signs. The band" fronts will be of sents a good field for anjjone with mester membership. Salesmen are farm machinery was discussed by tho same color and will carry out a any artistic ability and a desire for also prepared to sell policies for County Agent R. J. Maggart of
Alpha Gamma Rhos SeledDr.f. LButz For National Office
all indications PIA will have its tary of the Indiana Farm Implebiggest year since itsCnc^ption: ment Dealers’ Association. In an effort to reach a goal of Davis Discusses Corn Borer two thousand members, PIA will How Indiana farmers started to
similar theme.
commercial art.
Military Department Announces Senior Cadet Officers For Semester
fire insurance at this time. Dance Class Open ,To Members Enrollment, in the PIA dance
class is restricted to the members of PIA and is not open to other students as previously stated in the
Exponent.
The season which ho begins bore ments to pay dopondonts. this Sunday is Abe most solidly Any other,Unlisted reservists will booked he, has since he has he honorably discharged and made wrote “Finnigin,” over forty-five responsible to selective service,
year.s ago at Richmond, Indiana. A native of Ohio, Mr. Gillilan came to Indiana for a baptism of Hellenicfire after a fitful college experience at Ohio University in Athens. He came to Indiana to get the necessary local color for his
stories.
Subject Indefinite
Forensic Clul| Issues Sophomore Callout Sophomores interested in woi'king as debate managers n\ay try out at 4 today in room 386 of the Union, S. A. Pence, Forensic Board
In his hiddross here Sunday aft- senior manager, has’ announced, ernoon, he will speak on “Let’s Sophomores who are later selected Laugh as We Fight,” but while that ^s junior managers will receive is his scheduled subject, nobody can Eoys and activity points, tell how much or what else he may Tryout.s will also be held today
cover in the course of the program. The 'doors of the Music Hall will be opened to the public at 2 p. m. and admi.ssion will he by registration receipt or .season ticket. Single admission will be fifty cents plus
tax. There will be no reserved seats, ence.
for senior publicity managers and junior managers. As members of the Forensic board, cd and coed nianagors will conduct tho intramural discussions, the Boveridg'e Si)eech Contest for freshmen, and the High School Debate Confer-
Seiiioi’i Cadet officers to lead the University ROTC for the present school semester have been announced by the Military Department. They are as follows: Senior Colonel and Commander of the ist Brigades, Cadet Colonel A. L. Jackson; Executive, Cadet LI. Col, J. W. Elliott; Commander of the 2nd Brigade, Cadet Colonel R. T. Ball; Executive, Cadet Lt. Col. A. F. Spencer.
Commanders
Ist Regiment, Cadet Colonel H. M. Merrill; 2nd Regiment, Cadet Colonel R. E. Rohtert; 3rd Regiment, Cadet Colonel W. H. Lupke; 4th Regiment, Cadet Colonel M. R. Spencer; 1st Bn, 1st Reg., Cadet Lt. Col. R. W, Duester; 2nd Bn, 1st Reg., Cadet Lt. Col. C. W. Leben; 1st Bn, 2nd Reg., Cadet Lt. Col. H.
Lt. Col. G. R. Wolter; 2nd Bn, 4th Reg:, Cadet Lt. Col. W. B. Monical; Executive, 1st Brig., Cadet Lt. Col. W. H. Traylor; Executive, 2nd Brig., Cadet Lt. Col. G. L. Richey;
Executive, 1st Reg., Cadet Lt. Col. displaying a PIA membership card. J. W. Elliott; Executive, 2nd Reg'., Classes this semester will be deCadet Lt. Col. E. Warren Johnson; voted to elementary steps. A similar Executive, 3rd Reg., Cadet It. Col. class will be started next semester A. F. Spencer; Executive, 4th Re^., -which will feature the more ad-
Delphi. Prof. J. J. Davis told of the effects of the European corn borer in Indiana, and Russell Shipman reported on the machinery for its con-
trol.
Today’s program, “Victory Day,” will close the activities with a re-
, n view of the Week by Lieut. Governor
Charles M. Dawson, Commissioher of Agriculture, “Our Job Ahead,” by L. E. Hoffman, associate editor of the agricultural extension department, and a talk by 0. L. Red-
28, in the Union Building. These classes will last from 7:30 to 9;Q0 p. m. and will continue on the following Mondays fob two weeks. The charge for enrollment in this class is $2.60 for men and is free to girls
elected to the position of Grand Secohd Vice-^president of the National Fraternity of Alpha Gamma Rho at its natronal convention held August 26 to 28 in Chickgo. Dr. Butz had served dui'iug the past six years as Editor of the Sickle and Sheaf, quarterly magazine of the frater-
nity.
Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department, retired from the executive council, having served during the past two years as Past Grand President of the fraternity. He ended 12 years of continuous service on the national council, having served Six years as editor of the Sickle and Sheaf from 1930 to 1936. Freeman Appointed Prof. V. C. Freeman, associate Dean of the School of Agriculture, was reappointed chairman of the national chapter house committee. He also addressed the chapter offi-
dish, vice president of the Indiana ™ connection with State Fair Board. convention. Mrs. E. L. Butz a4-
Race^ By Recording
Th^ foriuer fair goers will be able Critical Analysis to yisualize the Grand Circuit Races Men."
dressed a luncheon meeting of the officer’s school Thur sday .noon on “A
Manners Make
Cadet Lt. Col. R. M. McKee.
1st Brigade
1st Reg.: Col. H. M. Merrill, commander. 1st Bn, R. W. Duester; 2nd Bn, C. W. Leber, 2nd Reg.: Col. R. E. Rohtdrt, commander; Lt. Col. E. Warren Johnson, executive. 1st Bn, H. M. Johnson; 2nd Bn, R. W. Schoeff.
2nd Brigade
3rd Reg.: Col. W. H. Lupke, com-
vanced steps.
mander. 1st Bn, F. J. Vollmer; 2nd
M. John.son; 2nd Bn, 2nd Reg., Cadet Bn, G. Freundlich. Lt. Col. R. W. Schoeif; 1st Bn, .‘Ird 4th Reg.: Col. M. R. Spencer; Reg., Cadet Lt. Col. F. J. Vollmer; Lt. Col. R. M. McKee, executive. 2nd Bn, 3rd Reg., Cadet Lt. Col. G. 1st Bn, G. K. Wolter; 2nd Bn, W. B. Freundlich; 1st Bn, 4th Reg., Cadet Monical.
Student Passports Any student who failed to have his photograph taken for a “Passport” during the regular period of registration in the Armory, should report to Room No. 2, Biology Building, Saturday morning, September 12th, between the hours of 10:00 and 12:30 o’clock. —GOLDSMITH
W. A. Stover and Hobart Jones, president and assistant tr easurer of the University chapter of Alpha Gamma Rho, led a panel discussion on “Fraternity Manpower” as a
formerly run at Indiana State Fair Grounds but held this year at Saratoga Springs, New York, as described on record by Fred Terry.
Western Horseman.
A discussion of animal health by Pe^’t of the convention program.
Dr: C. R. Donham, chief veterinarian of the University, will precede the sale of the grand champion steers and barrows. In former year's, Tom Sinclair, vice president of Kingan & Co., has been a heavy buyer of these steers, barrows, and
lambs.
Art Page with his review of the Indiana* State Fair' of the Air, will conclude the week of war-timk fair for the tadio liatenecs, '
Part Time
Jobs
All student^ desiring part-tima work or odd^otm during theeir free periods and on ^week-ends should report to tho Dean of Men’s Office and fill out » Part-
Time Work Card. -GOLDSMITH
daw
Ifr'
Pdge 2
Purdue Exponent
Priday, September 11, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Busirteik, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Reldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After tO p m, 5377
I (’ tir in Chief New “I Editor Manifrinfr Editor Spor 0 I dilor H s peso Mannirer t.ir ulnlinii Manager Coed Editor
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Wtlllam D HiUsrd Ken K GJemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors Edlirial Staff R W Boswinkle D E BUts W G Hoskins \ i Huatcr D W Ochiltree W E Eafert Sports Stafi D E Brewer 3 S Dawson E E Karpick (oed staff Sulb Beall Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Business Staff C cl Busincsh Manager Julia Martin dr rtis ni. Managers J M Wright O E Johnson t ir Htion Manager G H Klouman A c ints Manager Tiena Torrenga Jun or ( oed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
The Purdue Independent
r 1 t r n Chief Mai ag ng Editor U s ne s Manager ( aed I ditor Spoils Editor Adrcrii in"- Manager Accounts Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Bill Killigrew Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue \ -1 f Editor Ochiltree Sports Editor Dawson U LI I r Beall Issue Editor Tyson Reporter!. Abbett Hudson Yargar Baynes Lockhart Kim I V n I 01 Ford Howes Murphy Patton Hopkins 1 1 1 Aekeiman
U
t r i ab second class matter at the post office in Eafay 1 1 ana i del the act of Congress of March 3 1879 t the 6P c al rate of postage provided for in section nu t of O tober d 191 authorized January 20 1922
] 111 I n T esday Thursday Friday and Sunday mornings
1 ea Delivered locally by carrier for $1 76 for a $3 00 for two semesters by mdil for $2 00 for a
60 for two semesters
en ceter mailed subscription $1 60 ^ R 1 rc n ed for national advertising by National Advertis e s ce Inc College Publishers Representatives 420
ilsd oi A e New York N Y
n n f ei
Enlisted Reserve Calls. . . Pies^ and radio accounts of Secretary of W u Stimson’s announcement yesterday that coll'^ge students who are members of the Aimy Enlisted Reserve face a call to active inilitaiv duty as soon as they become 20 years of age has leached the campus The male poition of the college’s equivalent Cefe Society, the Sweet Shop Society, promptly muddled their minds with worrying thoqghts of “now we won’t be able to finish school Bull sessions were in progress over th« campus concerning the supposedly startling announcement During dinner, military staff oflicers were swamped with calls from students who wanted to verify the reports El fends gieetmg each other, instead of offering the accustomed hearty “fraternity handshake ’ substituted it for “Did you hear about Ine Enlisted Reserve announcement’” Some students failed to get aroused They '-eiiied that the announcement is exactly what the War Department has been saying all the tune Stimson said those who signed up laced ’ call foi duty We \ e ‘faced’ it all the time,” said these moie unaioused individuals The Univeisity lemained silent Today Ptoie SOI Hockema is communicating with Wa liington to see just exactly how the situation effects the students Within a few days c\u ything should be cleai —r w b
PliiladrlpJiia ctmeteues are balvagmg old orna menial non Itnccb and lailmgs foi the stiap diive
Iht gun caiuage of a 165 mm gun calls foi 1,000 FcparW-e drawings, plus 600 moie for the recoil unethaniBjn
British Are ^ Fighting Too. . . By Jack Abbett British people in recent months hhve been greatly belittled by some Americans for their part in the fighting of the war This belittling comes only from a lack of knowledge oh the part of the majority of Americans The British people have done a far greater part toward the winning of the war than the Americans have, and this fact is bi ought out by some of the figures recently released by the British Information Service With the enemy only twenty miles away on the coast of Prance, Britain is able to pioduce enough war materials to supply the giant aimy of three million men that is protecting hei and has sent supplies m ever increasing quantities to Russia, Africa and the Far East and China She is pioducing forty thou sand big guns a yeai, with twenty five million i ounds of ammunition Capital Production High Millions of small arms are produced, with two billion rounds of ammunition Add to this the fact that they must produce ships, locomotives, tanks and thousands of other military supplies, it becomes evident that Britain is one countiy that is in this War with all the resources that she is able to muster So completely is the British nation in this wai that two out of every three persons between the ages of fourteen and sixty five are working full time in the armed orces, civilian defense, or a war industry The numbei is equivalent to sixty million people m this country Biitish women have answeied the call of their countiy and have enteied wai work seven million strong This is to relieve every fit man between the ag^s of eighteen and a half and fifty one for active service m the aimed forces Large Air Raid Toll These facts alone show some of the privation that the British people must go through in order to insure a complete victory Further revelations leveal that one home out of every five has been damaged or de stroyed by the German air laids ovei Britain Over forty thousand civilians have been killed and ovei fifty thousand injured Workers have sacrificed peace time lights in order to insure maximum production The eight million workers in essential industries can not quit then jobs or be dismissed except by permission of the govern ment Time lost in labor disputes is less than one hour per worker per year The need to conserve shipping space for vital mill tary supplies has caused the British people to will ingly accept severe lationing of almost all foods No more than two ounces of butter, oi more than two ounces of tea can be bought per week The majoiity of fruits are completely unobtainable Home production of food has almost doubled since the outbreak of war Six million more acres are now under production than during the days before the wai Britain is now the most highly mechanized farming countiy in Europe Clothing Rationing Saves Ships Clothing IS strictly rationed on a coupon system If a woman wishes to buy two pair of stockings a month, and one apron a year she would have no coupons left to buy clothes Clothing rationing has released three hundred thousands tons of shipping a year and some seven hundred fifty thousand workers foi transfer fiom the clothing industry to service in the foice or war industry The British people have gone m wholeheartedly into buying war saving stamps and bonds Over fifteen billion dollais base been collected up to date—an aver age of $820 per head No one ip Biitain is allowed to make a profit out of the war and if caught doing so, death may be the penalty Excess piofits are taxed one hundred pei cent A certain amount is promised as a lefund aftei the war Income tax is at a rate of fifty per cent Surtax starts on incomes of eight thousand dollars a year and brings the rate up to ninety seven and a half pei cent on all incomes over eighty thou sand dollars
GRN^AND ee^Rrr
By LkiHy
I haul to the Russians, the crack Nazi Hermann Got ling Biigade now must advertise for leciuits
“You can come out, Mlh Snodgiass’ The all clear has sounded ”
9n, JhsL QhjUUlCpUlA. The Week End In The Purdue Christian Foundation Friday evening 7 30, at 131 S Giant, Open House Come early, leave early oi late, depending on youi plans otherwise Saturday afternoon 1 30, Inti a muial Field (next to WRH) Soft ball game—-Wesley Foundation vs Chiistian Foundation Rooters as well as players invited Sunday morning, at Lafayette Christian Chinch Sixth and Noith
St
9 30—Student Class Dean Clare Coolidge Acting Dean of Women will speak Hei subject will i elate to the aiea of emphasis “Gnd Foi The Task” under oui geneial theme foi the year ‘ Build Today For A Christian Woild ’ 10 40—Church Woisliip Scivice The Rev Doyle Mullen will pi each the sermon 5 00—15c Suppei at 131 S Giant 6 45—Foium program including singing discussion lecieation and vespeis Pi of A A Smith of the Sociology department will lead out with a talk entitled ‘Face Youi Problems ’
R,B, Stewart Takes Leave To Continue Navy War Work R, B Stewart, controller left Monday for Boston, New York and Washington, D C, to continue his Work as a special assistant to the Undeisecretary of the Navy m im portant war woik He IS expected to lempjn away fiom the Univeisity tor the next three weeks Slewait will confer with Washington officials and will then make a tiip to the west coast This coming week end Stewait, as national president of Alpha Chi Rho fiatcinity, will attend the na tional convention at the Beekman Towel New York He will be joined a^ New York by W A Bodden, chief accountant at the University, who is nalioniR editor foi the fra
ternity
University Calendar Friday, September 11
8 00 A M Book Exchange 11 00 A M State Fan of the An ladio 4 00 PM AIME Picnic
Reception Room Union Eliza Fowler Hall
Saturday, September 12
8 00 A M 7 30 PM 8 30 PM 8 30 PM
Book Exchange Scabbard & Blade Meeting SCA Dance Mixei
Reception Room Union E Faculty Lge Union W Faculty Lge Union Noith Ballroom, Union
Personnel Notes Oebris Will Take
Activity Group
Pictures Next Week
Companies scheduled to Vioit the campus General Motors Corporation De troit Mich September 9 10 11 Monsanto Chemical Company St Louis Missouri September 14 and
16
The Prest O Lite Co Inc Indi anapolis—Coming September 15 Interested in M E Met E Ch E and Inuustrial E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Monday September 14 North American Aviation Int Inglewood Calif —Coming Septem tier 17 and 18 Interested in Dec M F C I , F E and Agio t Sign m Peisonnel Office by Satur day Septembei 12 1942 Ranger Aircraft Engines, I aim ingdale. Long Island Ntw Yoil Septembei 22
Personal Notes Pbyll is Julian of Valpaiaiso was married to Lieutenant Rob (.It D Keim of West Lafayette, last Saturday in the Mctl oh t Chuich at Falmouth, Mass The biide at t led the Univeisity and is a Chi Omega Lieutenant Kei 1 IS a graduate of the University and a member oi Kappa Sigma
Mary Elizabeth Schmidt and Gilbert Weldiedge Jr of Indianapolis \ c) man led Septembei 7 The bridegroom attended the Unnersity
Victor G. Raphael former student at the University, has com pleted approximately one third of his pilot training and will report soon to an Air Corps Basic Flying School at Greenville, Miss , for the intermediate phase of his flying training
Carnegie Illinois Steel Corpora tion Chicago 111—Inteie'-ted in women who have majoied in Chcni isliy 01 who have had al least 2 yeaio of this subject Sign in Pei Eoniiel Office by Satuiday Septem bei 12 Hal bison Walker Refractories Company Vandalia Mi souu In teiested in E I and M E Sign in the Personnel Office by Tuesd ly Septembei 16 U S Civil Service Commission announce^ openings loi junioi pby sieists $2 000 a year and medical technicians $1 440 $2 000 a yeai Theie aie no wiitten examinations ioi these positions Applications may be obtained at the Lalayette Post Office Eoi fuithei infoirnation call the Placement Seivice foi Women (2966)
■+-4-M--F-f 4-f-f 4 I Hays jewelry Co. ^ 131 North Fourth St 1 Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Emma Louise Reeves 1 as mairied to State Policeman Walter A II waid a foimei student at the University, on Sep teinlei 3 in the Propylaeum m Indianapolis The 1 idc i' a graduate of Butler Univeisity and is a men bei of the Pi Beta Phi sorortiy
R. C. Anderson has been commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Army Air Force at Turnei Field, Albany, Georgia, it has been announced recently by Colonel John B Patrick, Commanding Officer
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK , DR HAROLD | RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam Sts Lafayatte
Dorothy Ellen White wa married to Cadet August S Winkler of ( 1 a) ute 1 icld Rantoul Illinois, on Saturday, Septem*bit) Tie mairiage took place at Loganspoit in j ike Lutheian Chuieh Cadet Winkler graduated ii jm Ihe Lniveibity this yeai and is a member of B ta Sigma P...1 and the Catalyst club
It takes 50 000 manhours ol work to build medium bombei as against only 200 for an auto
E. P. Wilson a giaduate of the University, has been advanced to the rank of Captain in the Fourth An Service Command, Sacramento, Calif Wilson foimerly was with the State Conservation Department and for eight yedrs was a state foiestei
Edward Peter Czark former student of the University has been commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Army An Force at Turner Field, Albany Georgia
Ol ( ira on we need lead The guns of a puisuit Ilian vimit bullets at the late of 800 pounds pei 111 iiulf
Kenneth D. Baughman was recently commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Army An Foice at Tuinei Field Albany Georgia He is the son of Mi and Mrs Keith W Baughman of South Bend
Warren K. Carter ot Tipton foinier student ol the Upiveisity was lecently commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Army An Force at Tuinei Field, Albany Geoigia hccoiding to Colonel John B Patrick, Commanding Officei
Lt. j. M. Conger foimei student at the University was receptly commissioned a. Second Lieutenant m the Army Air Foice at Turnei Field, Albany, Georgia
LUNA TODAY and TOMORROW "HOPPY" turns BANDIT!
wUH MtiH Itjiv VURTIS McKlENRIE^
had
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
7he Commandos Have Landed and They Show Hie Nazis a Few Tricks in Bllitzes THEY RAID BY NIGHT with LYLE TALBOT JUNE DUPREZ Plus DR. KILDARE'S STRANGE CASE with LIONEL BARRYMORE LEW AYRES
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:15 Harold Bell Wright s Immortal Novel SHEPHERD OF THE HILLS with JOHN WAYNE HARRY CAREY BETTY FIELD
Students who work on campus publications activities oi honor aiies Hid departmental clubs will have gioup pictuies taken on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights of next week fiom 7 to 11 it was an nounetd by the Debus office Oigmization heads wJl be noti^ fled as to the time and place by Dave Hcckaid oi Doiothy Ragsdale junioi cditois ot the Debus in chaige or talune pictuies Oigan izaticn head*, aie responsible for getting then members at the South Balhoom five minute ahead of schedule as theie will be no letakes of pictuies due to the shoitage of time Membeis may be i cached by oi g uii/ation heads by innning a no tice in the Exponent
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
mm¥£m TODAY and TOMORROW
XLEXANIEII CRANACH • ANNE JEFFREYS Bjf • ■■ l«irHS»HIUY.-lllVlir •- , .uiiimi {iiiift nii:|>f'AiiiM.NAiA*i;iii;cMiii’i:JX4‘iACAitiniNii; ifi/f'. A REPUtFf'C rfCT'URE'
University Presbyterian Church Noith Street at Grant John W Findley Minister, Bill Morgan Choir Diiector, Nancy Young Organist At 9 30 Student Class studying Mark s piesentation of the Life and Teaching of Jesus Led by Di G H Giaves At 10 30 Moimng Worship Ser mon theme The W i ted Saciifice John Mingle will sing the Inlioit ficm the Liturgy ol St James The Choir will sing ‘lovely Ap pear fiom lire Redemption by Gounod The oigan numbeis will be Dialogue by Klein Ave Mans Stella by Gaul and Festal Of feitoyum by I letchei At 13 00 the Sunday Evening Club will meet foi suppei Following the suppei Piofe=soi G B Davis will present a piogiam of loadings by James W1 itcomb Riley
TODAY and MONDAY KORDA uriHih \jamhmAMl itffsifi
This IS Miss Lombard's last- picture, before her fatal crash DON T MISS IT
PLUS-
Starring WM GARGAN and IRENE HERVEY
SIDE BY SIDE THEY FIGHT...AND LOVE! Men With wings ... Women of war!
5 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW MARS
—LAST TIMES TODAY-Hii.’
m
li I*
Sriduy^ September 11, 194^
Kh
;v ■! '*'
Boilermaker Sports
Pd0 B ^ !%
Varsity To Clash With '%zz' Team Tomorrow
" I
Large Frosh Grid Team gports Communiqueq Ward Softball Begins
Working Under Lowery ’ Since the fueshman football call-out last Friday, 140 firstyear aspirants have been working-out nightly on the threehole prfictice golf course. Due to the short time in which practice has been going on, Freshman Coach Emmett Lowery is as yet uncertain on a starting lineup. However, on Wednesday and Thursday nights of this week, he has sent sixteen ^embers of his squad against
By Bob Hadley
S
This latest '^eofiimuniquc** is by Don Brewer* pinehinff for Sports Editor Hadley* cramming for last semcster^B finals.
Bo, Billy And The Jinx
Frosh Basketball All candidates for freshman basketball squad will meet on the freshman floor at 4 p. m., Tues-
day, September 15th.
—LAMBERT
Elmer Burnham’s varsity in
Scrimmage.
f This year’s freshman squad is unique in the fact that there are a number of nien working who have had no previous organized football experience. On the
othier hand, Lowery has a very gen- -
erous sprinkling of all-conference
and all-state team members from iMahSQOr Callout throughout the Midwest. i,ib- .i . Win Tough Scheduled For Monday , Among these latter mentioned is Fraternity freshmen who are m“Moose” Wrezin, an all-state tackle terested in tiying out for the posifrom South Bend. Moose, slated to tion of Intiamural Manager are ]^e an outstanding line candidate by urged to report to the Intramural advance repoi'ts, has lived up to Office in room 111 of the Fieldhouse these notices in his play against the on Monday, Sept. 14. The freshmen Va'rsity. will assist in conducting the sports Other candidates with outstand- Program and will be expected to reing reputations aie Hall from Lew P®rt to the office every day during ''Wallace of Gary, Grayson from semester. (^rown Point, Lippincot from Cen- At the end of the semester two tral of South Bend, Keitis from sophomore assistant managers and §outh Bend, Bernard, an all-state an alternate will be selected from back from Kalamazoo, Michigan; this group. One of these assistant Warner, a back from Elkhart; and managers will be elected Intramuial :^fiinbert, an all-conference center Manager at the end of his sophoiq^Om Dayton, Kentucky. more year, the service continuing Schedule Planned through his junior term. It is Coach Lowery’s intention to _______________________
keep as many of the men on his
squad playing football this season keep all of the present candidates «is liossible. To do this, he plans to playing football and at the same schedule games between teams to time will give the coaches an opl|e made up of those who do not poitunity to develop talent which *ake the l^reshman Varsity. These heretofore would have been dropped games will seive as a proving ky the wayside, ground for the players who, if they The unofficial tentative grid 5]ioTy< sufpcient promise, will' be schedule of the Frosh Varsity inrabved up to thei Varsity from time eludes games against Indiana, to time during the season. This will Northwestern and Illinois.
Down Bloomington way Coach “Bo” (good ole Bo) McMillin iS hgvirtg his injury-jinx worries. Appearing in the Daily Student day befo're yesterday was the following lead: 1 'Ip-, ^ “While the injured Billy Hillenbrand has been sitting on the sideMlip^s.” “While the injured Billy Hillenbrand is sitting on th^ sidelinek.'^.' ' ' Swiharf' Leaves Camp < Either the lintoypist wanted to impress the Hoosier “fans- ithat' the triple threat back WAS sitting on the sidelines, or feature wr,itei^ Howie Cohn had the pame idea. Bo isn’t only troubled with Billy's left elbow, but has been deeply troubjed with the loss of Dale Swih,hrt, anollher slippery Cream and Crimson back wlio is “out for the seasori'^.’ 'Billy will he back in shape ill plenty of time for the Bucket Struggle, 'uftle&s soffit one can be persuaded to do a little underhanded work duripg the season. The Colonel In "DoeV' Back Yard li Apparently Dr. Eddie Anderson didn’t want to have to coniend,* with the Iowa Naval Cadets any more than he had to this season. Mbying right in with goyernment sanction Lieut. Col. Bernie ^erihan (of the Minnesota Biermans) has set up football headquarters in the backyard of the University of Iowa. The Hawkeye mentor will no douht^liave fun drilling his squads and glancing out of the corner of his eye at the former collfegiate stars the Seehawks have rounded up. Call Him "Wojie" For Short „ ^ ^ Sammy Voinoff will probably start Johnny Wojciechowski at fullb^k against the varsity in the Gimlet-sponsored game tomorrow afternoon. It’s pronounced wo’-jee-kow-ski for those who carb, but it reminds us that there is an Eddy Wojciechowski playing left guard for Northwestern this season who is just as tough as Sammy’s Johnny. Johnny is from Hammond, however, and doesn’t claim Eddy, who went to the Wildcats from Cicero, 111. And neither are kinnery of the famous “Wojie” Wojciechowicz who padded the center of the Fordham forward wall several years ago. I 1 Gee—26 Victories! And while on names, Fritz Crisler has two former high school teammates playing side-by-side on his 1942 Wolverine squadi. Mervin Pregulman and Bill Baldwin, who, as teammates on the Lansing Central eleven for three years, tasted 26 victories and not a single defeat. Pregulman has been shifted from guard to center and Baldwin is spotted
at tackle.
All For Two-Bits Don’t forget to save back 25 cepts from tonight for the .all-important Reserve-Varsity sUuggle in Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow, nor forget tp lay your bets on the Louis-Conn fight, Oct. 12.—Louis and a K. 0. in the eighth.
Southworth’s
THE BEST VALUES IN SUPPLIES OF ALL KINDS •Complete supplies for outfitting yolir room. •Biology, Applied Atts, Home Ec. Supplies. •Be sure to leave your reserve order for a log-log Decitrig Slide Rule. They 11 be in soon—don’t be left out.
Soon; Cleyelt Makes
Changes In Rules
Chief Clevett announced today the rules and regulations, some of them new, that are to cover Ward softball this fall, and added the Warning that all Ward athletic managers should have their entry blanks In the intramural office by noon
(Monday, September 14.
The regular schedule call^ for six games from each team entered, with eight teams going into the finals. Schedules will be posted on the bulletin board outside the door of the intramural office along with a map of the diamonds. Regular competition will not begin until Wednesday, the 16th,* practice games will be played Monday, the 14th. All gameg will get under way as near 4:16 as possible and any team failing to put in an appearance by 4:30 will lose the contest
via forfeit.
Managers Get Score Books Managers are to get an official score book from the check out window in the Fieldhouse before 4:00 the 'day of the game and return the book immediately after the game. Teams will be expected to provide their own officials, and any official may be removed at the request of either team captain. A copy of the rules should be on hand at
each game.
National Softball Rules The National Softball Rules (revised Jan., 1939) will be the playing rules this year, with the following execeptions: a. A 14 inch ball will be used. b. Local ground rules: Fly balls over or through the fence on the even number diamonds (2, 4, 6, etc.) are good for two bases only. c. No bunting allowed. d. A base runner may not score from thiid on a passed ball. e. Base runners may not leave their' bases until the ball has reached the batter. f. No metql cleats or spikes allowed on shoes. IM Schedule^ The following Cary Hall touchball games will be played Monday evening, September 14:
Diamond
1 Cary Hall 2 vs. Caiy Hall 3. 2 Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5. 3 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7. These diamonds are located on the Intramural Field, the No. 1 Field located on the west side of the Golf Green along the fence. They will be numbered in large numbeis and are not to be confused with the softball diamonds which aie lettered in the small numbers.
Gimlet-Sponsored Tilt Preserrts Squad To Public For First Time “Put the ‘B’ on the varsity!” will be the battle cry of 11 underdog reserve gridders when they take to the field tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 in the Gimlet-sponsored Varsity-Reserve football struggle in Ross-Ade Stadium. Sammy Voinoff’s “B” squad, 35 in all, have been undergoing fairly intensive drills this week with maybe something in the bag to spring on the . , Boilermaker stars. That some^11* PrOQtGSS thing will be a hat full of T ^ formation offensive plays, sim-C__-„Lx p.. ilar to those used by the lOffO mighty Rams of Fordham Univer-
sity, opening here Sept. 26.
Toiim OriU Against Frosh ■ KJKJLUiMli f Colli Head Coach Elmer Burnham with
his staff of Taube, Mackey, and
IOWA CITY, Sept. 10 From the pehring has been conditioning his right arm of Tom Farmer, Jim the defensive strength Youel, or Sam Vacant! overhead to the first string yearling pigskin the receptive arms of Bill Parker, hopefuls, with lengthy scrimmages Bill Burkett or Duke Curran ap- taking place behind the Fieldhouse pears to be one ,of the modes of Yesterday’s contact drills (movement for the Univtersity of g^w two full squaefs alternate Iowa s 1942 football team. against 11 determined frosh, backed Judging from some of the open- by a handful of equally grim-faced
ing drills, the Hawkeyes have the" subs.
personnel for a neat passing game Burnham’s squad, in taking to the which might hurst out as the best turf of Ross-Ade stadium, will blossince the ’39 days of Nile Kinniek, som forth into the eyes of the public Erwin Prasse, Dick Evans, and Bill for the first time this seaeon, as Green. the Riveter mentor has been holdFarmer, Youel Pass Again mg closed sessions behind wood Tom Farmer and Jim Youel, who ^^4 canvas. Three full teams threw the passes which scored four expected to take the field at difof Iowa’s total of 14 touchdowns times against the “B" team,
in 1941, are hurling again—and Of Seats
mire accurately than last fall. The Something like 25,000 seats will left end. Bill Parker, who caught available for the clash, with 25 two of Farmer’s shots for touch- admitting townspeople, fac-
downs, now looks better as a senior. students^alike.
All sorts of passer-receiver combinations are possible, even Tom Faimer and Jim Youel, normally
B” team competition under Boilremaker coaching, the first the system has been used in several years,
, , , , . is expected to develop more raa-
passers, have been worked in as re- . • , .,
’ , „ , terial than the old familiar system, ceivers. Best of the sophomore , . , V U 1 i uu- ii, • 1 n having a varsity and many scrub backs at nabbing them is Duke Cur- , t. • • , ^
„ teams. During scrimmages heretq-
ran, the 160-pound speedman from - - - n • Til i, i, i, i, many as three and fohr
Quincy, 111., who has shown sharp bursts of speed which enable him to get under long passes at the right
moment.
Vacanti Good Soph
Sam Vacanti, Omaha, Neb., sophmore, is accurate as a passer and probably will fire them when Farmer and Youel are not in the game. In 1941, Iowa completed 32 of
teams were sitting idle on the sidelines watching fhe first string scrimmage with the second, whereas under the present Sammy Voinoff can be assured of getting in over an hour’s scrimmage for all of his
“B’s” Move Up Scale
Complains the reserve coach, -.o however, “As soon as iVfe'develop a
96 passes for 431 yards, with 12 , . . , on 4^ man On the “B” squad, he is
intercepted; in 1940, 19 of 95 for _ , 4. xi. • 4. 4. j j moved up to the varsit3t and then 317 yards, with 13 intercepted; and „ 4. i, . „ «
• ir>Dn oc f f hac, a O’''®!’ again.” Recently
in 1939i 36 of 100 for 749 yards, v o,. 4. j tt ,
10 -4. 4. j rri. 4.1, Bohner, Stewart, and Hendry were
with 12 intei’cepted. The three-year „
4. 4 1 1, 4.1, 4. XT 1 advanced to varsity competition,
total shows that Hawkeyes com- -- ^ •„ , ... . , ,
, , , 4-1 4-1, 4. 4. 4! Voinoff will substitute freely, as pleted exactly thirty pei cent of -o 1, • x. ! .
j j F .^ell, as Burnham in an attempt to
eir passes. ^ strong squad in opposition of . . _ the powerful assault expected from J. H. Bailey string. Bumham’s start-
' ing lineup^ Will be made up entire-
. . . former professor of electiical ly of veterans with the exception engineering at the Umveisity, has of Dick Bai-wegan, left guard, while accepted a civil service appointment Voinoff’s starters are inexperienced
with the United States Office of Ed- in collegiate ball-handling,
ucafion.
RJRDIIE BCCK&SlIRYnCRE
Varsity Berths Remain Open Keen competition for virtually every position on the team in effective early drills has left even the most critical of side- . , ^ , « line observers in a quandary when it comes to hazarding a Yearns and still be right Only acguess on the probable makeup of the starting eleven that tual competition is going to teU the
Coach Elmer Burnham is apt to send on the field when the tale.”
Riveters open their 1942 schedule against Fordham’s Sugar Four Halfbacks Provide Battle Bowl champions here on Sat- four-way battle for the left urday, Sept. 26. locate the best possible choices. The icaf'itm^plf ^"'Se Tunitt sitSBurnham has made it more Boilermaker mentor admits that tjQjj QJJ Boilermaker squad Kenthan evident that performance there is little to choose between any Smock, broken field artist, and .1 ,4 1 .44 4 . one of four candidates in the Wide- tj.l ^144404.44. j rather than letters will deter- ^^at have developed for f “taiist b^’th wf mine the eventual selections, a number of berths. In commenting Bushed to the limit
shitting sophomores, reseives and on the tentative selection of three veterans back and forth during teams before a recent scrimmage sciimmage sessions in an effoif to session, he said, “Right now we
■♦'★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★A U "■ — - — " SOLDIERS-SAILORS-MARINES |
Keep 'em happy with |
snapshots from home
tft
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Southworth’s
^ith picture taking as easy as it is with new, fast films there's every reason to send snapshots to that friend in the Service. He'll like to get 'em. You'll like to take 'em. Our fine finishing service helps make any picture better. FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP Opposite Union Bldg. West Lafayette
usually promising sophomores “Hurrying Henry” ^tram and “Amblin’ Andy” Berkley. At the other halfback, three lettermeo, John Andretich, Ed Cycenas, and Walter Cook, are fighting it out with William Stuart, Hammond junior, whose performances on the “B” team merited promotion to the varsity. I Bob Hajzyk and Vincent “Rocky" Snyder, both veterans, apparently hold the edge at quarterback, but Tony Berto, erstwhile halfabck, has begun to make his presence felt in a new assignment. At fullback, 9 tno of sophomores, Charles Clqse, Joseph Winkler and Robert Bachmann, are chasing right on the heels of letterman Bill Beffington, back in action after a year’s layoff due to a
back injuiy.
Keen Competition Competition for starting berths is equally keen in the forward wall where the Boilermakers lack the competitive experience available among the backfield candidates. Alex Leugo, Iqne major letterman of expeiience on the center roster, holds the tentative No. 1 assignment, but has to reckon with Warner Van Aken and Bill Newell, seiappy minor letter men, and Otto (See VARSITY BERTHS, pagefi€0u^ :i^§^ent
,itip *■ ' * ", ’’ y?'i ,X/M V't * , ' f. t, '
f V '/{t
/ '”'" ' '■'i'
Ftidny^ September Ih 194i^\
A; P. %w^rt
Or. blew Glee Club Members
Pfize Winning Organization Swells Rosier To 71 Men
Archery Practice For Coeds Begins WAA Program
Members of the Women’s Athletic Association will begin their
The fact that last year’s Glee Club won second place in the program of keeping fit and having
Starting its forty-eighth year, the University Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, held its first practice of the fall term Wednesday. The present Glee Clubds composed of sevehty-one men and is the largest in the University’s
history.
Fred Waring contest sets a high goal for this year’s club. The following students are members of the Glee Club: Robert Angermeier, Jerome Beale, Bud Billings, Geoige Black, Kenneth Bradley, Richard Buffington, V6rnon Burnidge, Armand Cenci, John W. Clai’k, Robert Conlee. Edmond Cooper, William Ciaft, Sydney Craig, Richard Crane, Harry Darling, Glenn Earl, Robert
Debris To Hold Callout - i ^ 1 For Frosh, Sophomore Workers Today At 4
This afternoon' at '4 the head staffs of the ’43 Debris will hold a callout for freshmen and sopho-
Eastman, Robert English, John P. mores in the Debris office on the Erickson, William Fawcett, Ray second floor of the Union. Both eds Friend, Ger-r-y Graef, James Grif- and coeds who come out will haye fith, William Guernsey, David G. equal opportunity to work their way Hammer, Paul Harrington, Robert into a junior position. H. Herrderson, Frank Hopf. Write-ups Will be the principal Arthur Jacklin, Edward John- activity for freshmen and sophostone, Robert Keithley, MGlliani mores, although some of the sophKennedy, Robert King, Trent Knep- omoies will be assigned to the more
per, Richard Kohls, Joseph Lautner, Robert Leighton, David Lindsay, John MacDonald, Medford McClatchey, Richard McCool, Ross
advanced work of page planning
and editing.
In addition to jobs on the editorial staff, there are positions open
McKee, Diehl Martin, Norman Mer- on the photography staff, where rrck, James W. Milligan, John men may obtain practical experiMingle, Dale Mitchell, Dillon Mof- ence in picture taking and developfatt, William E. Morgan, Richard mg, and on the business staff, where Mulvey, Lloyd W. Myers, Robert E. practical experiemie in selling may ’j'hurgfjay,
fun when the first group for archery reports for action this afternoon at 4 p. m. Archery fans will practice twice a week on Tuesday and Thursday for the tournament which begins in two weeks. Tomorrow afternoon at the same time the tennis players will assemble, with practice sessions on Tuesday and Friday. This group, which is for the unskilled, will be instructed by Miss Constance Baum. Mixed doubles will be held it enough girls are interested. WAA Points Given Softball callout is Monday afternoon at 4 p. m. with one week of practice before the intramural touriiaraent. Girls can eain five points for every game played if they have been to two of the previous practice games held every afternoon
until 6 p. nr.
Modern Dance, practice nights on Mondajq Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, will meet for the first time Monday at 4 p. m. Swimmers will meet on Wednesday, and fencing callout IS on October 1 at 4 p. m. Practice nights are Monday and
Myers (manager). . Prank Onco, Sigurd Peterson, Ogden Pierce, Robert Piper, Dale Ray, Joseph Richards, William Rothenberger, William Schenler, John P. Silvers, David Simpson (accompanist), Lawrence Smith, Walter F. Smith, William Southard, James Taggart, James Uebeelhart, Thomas Van Arsdel, George T. Whelden, Sam Williams, Robert H. Wilson. Math Department Sponsors 'Problems For Fun' Contest
be obtained. Sophomores who come out now will be eligible for junior positions at the elections in Decem-
ber.
New Botanist Conducts Tomato Research George W. Kohler has joined the staff of the department of botany of the Agricultural Experiment Station to conduct research on the breeding of tomatoes for increased vitamin A and C content. This work is being conducted in cooperation with the department of agiicultural chemistry and will be coi related with the tomato breeding work for disease resistance under the direction of Dr. Ralph Lincoln, geneticist of the depart-
ment of botany.
Kohler is a graduate of the University of New Mexico and for several years has been engaged in research and graduate study in the
department of State College.
ROBERT StACK arid biana .Barrymore in one of the air raid sequences of Universal's "Eagle Squadron " Others in the large cast are Jon Hall, Eddie Albert, Nigel Bruce, Evelyn Ankers and Leif Erikson Arthur Lubin directed the Walter Wanger production Starts to-
morrow at the Mars Theatre. J. H. Lowry Dies After Short Illness
Funeral services for James H. Lowry, CE ’08, and foimer instructor in civil engineering at the Univcisity,^wcre held yesterday in the 'Scottish""Kite Cathedral in Indianapolis. Lowry died last Monday
after an illness ol one week.
At the time ot his death he was commander-in-chief of the Scottish Rite and a member of the Knights Templar and Mystic Tie Lodge. Dining 1928-1929 Lowry was a mem-
bei of the State Legislature.
Course For Cabin Leaders Those girls interested in volleyball will meet on November 16 at 4 p. m. and will practice on Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights. From September 22 to October 1 a Cabin Leaders’ Corn se will be given. The Sports Banquet for all WAA members will close the season on December 15. Adivities Bureau To Hold Callout
Classified Ads
Problem No. 1 in the “Problems for Fun” contept, sponsored by the mathematics department, will appear in next Sunday’s edition of the Exponent. The contest offers a prize of $10 to the student who submits the most correct answ'ers to the department at the earliest times after the publication of each individual ques-
tion.
No knowledge of mathematics higher than calculus is required to solve these problems, but careful gnd correct thinking will help the entrant as much as a piofound knowledge of the subj^t. Only those students registered in freshman or sophomore mathematics courses will have their solutions accepted by the department
for judging.
These problems will appear every the Debris picture will be taken.
Sunday in the Exponent, as well as being posted in the mathematics
classrooms.
Activities Bureau has announced that its annual fall callout for freshmen and sophomoi e •wmrkers will be held Monday. All students who are interested in this activity should be present at room 366 at
the Union.
The Activity Brii eari checks the eligiblity of students who are to hold jobs in the other activities on
cnetics at the Iowa ^he campus and also interviews the
ireshmen as to their interests in
extra-curricular activtics.
For Rent—Furnished slecpinft looms and ill fuini-ihod apartment Phone 71201 Rooms for two students. Study and bediGom combined All modern convenienceb. 720 Blown. Lost—Kev 1 niK with ten k(\s on or near camiHis Phone Callowa>, T0")L Reward WE NEED boys for banqiut woilv If you are mtticstod apply Piudue Union Cafe-
te 1 la
Tjpe'writera—\dding Machines, ail makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased Mimeoprraph woik done. U J EbersholT, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters Albert’s Loan Office, 107 Columbia. "^Vin pay cash for any old or new used 'ucycles Kigtr Shi II Service, Northwestern at Columbia.
; Addresses Mdifiary Student's ihilitary students bad their first^‘dpp&l'tunity to sfee aitid hear the University’s director of physical education, Guy “Red” Mackey at their first Corps Days, Tuesday and Thursday ih the Armory. ' Diteetol" Mackey'was l^roduCed to the Corps by Col. D./M. Beere, who welcomed the new stMents and’ outlined the traditions of the University Corps. In his talk to the students, Director Mackey stressed the importance of physical as well as mental preparedness and explained the opportunities offered by the physical education department for each student to become physically fit to take his place in this war-
time world.
Varsity Berths (Continued from page 3) Hurrle, rugged sophomore. Barry French, dreadnaught 220poimd tackle, tabbed by many observers for all-team hofiors, will undoubtedly appear as a more or less permanent fixture on one side of the line, but can feel none too secure with Ray Stoelting and Clarence Kjellberg, minor lettermen, and Gene Matrewitz, sophomore, all clamming for recognition. At the other tackle, Bruce Warren and Ewell O’Bryan, both lettermen, appaiently hold the edge, with the main contention from Carl Volkman and John Bahner. Guaid and end berths provicie two of the main puzzlers for Burnham. William Powers is the lone major letteiman guard of experience, although Frank Ruggieri, minor letterman. Big Ten heavywe^ht wiestling champion, has be^ developing rapidly. The coadfe also have high hopes for Dick Barwegen, fugged sophomore, winner of the Pill due Fieshman Football Merit Trophy last spring, and Pete DeMaria, scrappy minor letterman. The remainder of the guaid contingent is made Up of sophomores, Herbert Seidell, Ralph Clymer, Cecil David and Wallace Hendry. In an effoit to bolster the wings, wheie Foriest McCaffrey, William Shimer and LaVern King reign as major lettermen, Burnham has shifted Fred Smerke and Charles Hairis, erstwhile quarterbacks, to outposts. Other end candidates who have shown possibilities in early drills include sophomore Norman Maloney and Veinon Erk.
VlrginU C. Met&lith dub Will Hold ’ Marshmallow Roast Virginia C. Meredith Club, organization for all home economics students, will hold its fiifst mfeetihg of the year Monday aftdrnoon at" 4:16 on the lawn of WRH South. All coeds enrolled in the Home Economics Sdhool ai'e Invited, and freshmen are especially urged to at-
tend.
A marshmallow roast will take the place of the tea with which the club usually opens its year, and the program Will be informal. Following the introduction of the officers and sponsors of the club, Joy Wampler and Libby Baughman will be in charge of games. Girls who do not live irt the Halls and wish'to attend may meet in front of the office of the Home Economics Building an'd go to the party in a group.
Notices
I*OMM: Keys are now available at jewelry store. —HUNT FWitrifnity Rusfi Chairitiait: A supplement to the list of incoming freshmen is available at the Fraternity Affairs Office, Come up and get your copy. —SCHWAB Enlisted Reserve Corps: All non-mil-itary students desiiing information or desiring to apply for the Enlisted Reserve Corps Should apply to room B4, basement of the Armory Freshman and sophomore military students will be informed in their militaiy classes where and when to apply. —graham Novice Pistol: Students desiring to lire in the First Novice Pistol Group may sign up in the Supply Room of the Armory. This group will start Septembei 15. A fifty (cnt fee is charged which may be charged against military deposits by military students. ~LT. BROWN Independent Students: For further infoimation on fire insuiance or PI A membership, call 5339. —ARGSBURGER Enlisted Reserve Applicants: All stvidents who applied for enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve Corps during the summer term and have not yet been enlisted should report to rom B4 in the basement of the Aimory to compute their enlistment. —GRAHAM Union Sophomores: All Band Parade tickets and money must be tuincd in to *^he Union ofli 4 and 5 p. m. Gold Peppers: Meeting on Monday, September IL at 4 p m in the AWS office.
—SIMONS
Agriculturist: Important circulation staffi meeting Friday at 4 p. m. in the oifice. AH ciipulation staff members please be present.
—FELIX
Organization and Activity Pictiircs: Group pictuies will be taken Sept 15, 16 and 17, instead of the last week in September. Exact times and dates will be given to presidents of groups —HECKARD
F«^m*r Cary Club Members: Any WIows-^ inieieoted i« assoemte Cary Club memberJ^^ ship should hnqUjre at the Cary Hall South, office for fffi'thtr details. .Those eligibef must be non-fratei riily .ndtHbers Who hnVej lived in the balli four or 'V, Fraternity Rush ChAirmen: The PAO files*, of new treshmen interested in bemB ruahedj are available anytime aftei ^ p. „ thi-wifh Fri’cink. —wiccox • WAA: Basebnll piactiee calloutB Monday at I p. nt. Any one interested may come and play. -BAUGHMAN Junior Military Students: Who Were fdr-, metly included under par. 20 (i. e. at thair own expense) but who have 8^*^ce signea the contract, will please call at the MilitaiT
li^partmant Supply Offica nnd
fund of detJosits. —LT. jBRQWK M. E. 11, 65, 66 Condition Exams: Condi-' tion ixams in the above courses will b6j given Sniurduy, St?pt. 12, at 1 p. in. in room 308 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Pledse notify Hall, room 304, ini- ^
mediately, if you intend to take
Chinese StudeiiU: The first tneating bf this semester will be held on Friday, Sep? timber 11, nt 7 i). m. at the residence of Mr., and Mis. Cole, 234 Wood stieeL West Lafayette Barbecue nill be served aftei? the meeting. —LIANG Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday eve^ niiitr, Septembei 17, in room 856 Of th^ Union at 7:30 p. m. Moving pictures oi\ Club activities will be shown. }
—SHAKEL f,
Military Code Instruction: Extracurriemt^ lar instruction in International Morse Coatft will start Monday, September 14. Any studerlt interested Should sign Up in the supiily^ roOm at the Aimory before 12 noon on Sai> in day. Sept. 12. —BURKUART , Model Railroaders: Meeting of the Pur-^ due Model Railroad Club Friday, Bepteniber^ 11. at 4 p. m. at the layout, fourth floor,. Mechanical Engineering Builditig. All In-' terested inVited; any 0 gauge equipment will have running rights. ^ ^
—ARMSTRONG
All New Freshmen: Freshmen Who not been rushed and interested m fratermtieb, legister in the Fraterniiy Affairs loom 328 in the Union Building, any tinx<^ after 4 p. m. Thursday Or Friday. \
—WILCOX
Hbad Counselors: There will be a mefetina of all head counselois on Friday, Sept llj at 4 :30 p. m. in the AWS offide. Bring iii[ reports frbm all counselors undfer you. (i
—VAKGORKON \
History, Gov. and Econ. *C* Removal^ Examinations for the removal of Conditions and incompietes in Hist., Econ., and Gov^ will be held on Sat.^ Oct 10, at 1 p. ttf in room 313 of the recitation building. Appl^
cation must be made in advance.
—ESTEY
Summer Marriage Course Enroll Piomised booklets from Dr. Burkhart in the office of Dr. Wilkenipg, dean i men. Those Who desiie may ootUin the by calling anytime fiom 9 to 4. p m. —PATRICK !/ Newman Club: First meeting of the fftll semcstei will be hold after 9j30 Mass at St. Mary’s church next Sunday, Sept. 13. Ml Catholic students are urged to attend. Debris picture Will be taken. —ROSSBAOKf Zouaves: Practice for Corps Day Drilm Sept. 24 and 29 will bo held Mohday througa Friday ol every week until notice of d{scontinuation is given in the, Armory at 4 p, m. * —JACKSON' ^ Christian Science Organization: They,f will be a reception for all students intejf"sted in Christian Science ori Sunday, Sdpt** 13, at 4 ;30 p. m in the Recetpion Boom of the Union. —WATT, ^ Allrffc; TPy^nic Friday afternoon, Sept, ).i, at 4 p. m, at Tippecanoe County grounds. Those without transportation meet at Chom and Met building at 4 p. m Soft* ball and eats. —SCHALLIOL Met Engineers; Movie on production steel will be shown Monday, Sept 14, at 7 *30 p. m m Drawing Room of Heavilon Hall. A new film on campus. r* —schalljol
§ DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Newman Club To Hold First Meeting Sunday Next Sunday immediately after the 9:30 mass in St. Maiy’s chinch, the Newman club for Catholic students will hold its first monthly breakfast meeting of the fall semester. All Catholic students aie urged to attend this bieakfast as
Chester A. Kinney
Freshmen are especially welcome, and those attending will be afforded the oppoitunity to meet the chaplain and the officers of the club. At this first meeting those who wish to take an active part in club business will be assigned to committees,
... a graduate of the University, and future activities of the organhas beeji appointed supervisor of a ization will be discussed, new Farm Security Administration After the business meeting Office just opened in Brazil. Kinney Father Columban of Saint Elizahas had twelve years actual experi- beth’s hospital will give a short talk ence in operating a family type to the group. farm in addition to seven years in Those who wish to join the club supervision of the Rural Rehabili- may do so before the breakfast, tation program in Indiana. Dues for the semester will be $1.
NEW.FJILL
ON SALET Klacks and White Soled Tennis Shoes in small sizes at DEAC'S t Friday Afternoon Only
SUBSCRIBE
(Drml. WuA. C s V « : . . ^ . ,l . .
jotl Sam
in
DYE SEMESTER . .
• a ■
$1.75
TWO SEMESTERS . . ' ' ' f ' P
0 B •
$3.00
MAILED ANYWHERE . 8
I ■ ■ •
$3.50
For the latest in Campus,
City, and World
Mews
HEAD
THE EXPDIVEIVT
Your Campus Paper Phene 4005