/ « I H « fCjl
m
Time grows short — Three more days 'til the Yellow Dog.
/ Purdue Exponent Z-186
War with lapan? what Gordon Endoft says about it*
Volume 52. No. 28
West Lafayette. Indiana
Friday. October 11. 1840
Ilf ^
Mascot Leads Parade In Second Pep-Session Belching flames and clouds of black smoke, the Boilermaker Special added the finishing touches to the season’s second pepsession as thirty-five hundred students turned out last night to send the team away for the Michigan State game. ' Organized by Reamer and Gim- .
let and Skull and Crescent organiza- j tions the session started in front
bf the Union at 8 p. m. Led by the band the students marched or rode on loaded automobiles ’cross . town to the Big Pour station to meet the delegation ^ilready there. Zuck, Delmer Lead Yells As the caravan reached the sta- ^ tion the band led off wii/h “Hail Purdue” to start the pep-session. John Zuck led several yells and then gave place to Bill Delmer, yell squad manager who introduced Kae Weber, Penny Staudt and Jean Barrett, the three co-ed cheer leaders for the coming year. ^ To top off the occasion, coach Mai Elward climbed onto the stand and expressed the thoughts of the team. ^ He said, “No matter what the odds are, they think that they are going to win!” Mai also referred to the large turnout and said, “Stuliii % dent enthusiasm reflects in the team and makes it a hard one to beat.” As the train pulled out of the sta- ^ tion at 5:49 the band played “Hail Purdue” once again while the assemblage yelled, *^80 long team; so V long team; team, we say — so long!” t.b.n. , YWCA Installs Newly Signed Co-eds Today' In Candlelight Service ^ Bringing to an end the YWCA fall membership drive, a Candle- , light Installation service for all newly signed members of the organization i»ill be held Friday, October 11, at 4 p. m. in room 355 in ^ the Union. Ruth Bryant, president of YWCA will preside. _ All girls who are to be initiated and who haven’t paid their dues, may do so Friday in the YWCA offlee just before the service. Following the service, tl)iere will be a program in the Music room conducted by Callista Creel. Also following the service, the YWCA cabirtet will meet briefly in the office. All cabinet members are . requested to attend the meeting as a report of the area conference will be given, t.b.n. * Cafeteria Music . . . was the new feature inaugurated today in the Union for the ^ pleasure of the patrons. Paul Reedy and his orchestra have been engaged .for an indefinite period to provide ;ioonday music for hungry students. The bandstand is located in the west end of the cafeteria.
Wayne Karr To Play M Saturday's Mixer Wayne Karr, the maestro wh^e musicians feature ‘music* with a lift,’ will appear here Saturday for the regular mixer. The usual dollar price will prevail. Dori King, a very distinctive blond, will be the featured vocalist at the night’s hop. Paul Carlstrom, who specializes on ballads and novelty numbers, will assist Miss King. The band-leader will present solos on the tenor saxaphone, clarinet and violin. j.f.z. George Towle Gives Eastman Lecture To Camera Club Meeting last night in the east faculty lounge of the Union, nearly 60 members of the Camera Club heard George Towle, club member, present an Eastman-prepared lecture, “Using Your Miniature Camera.” Club members were given their first'"assignment in a new project which changes each month. Pictures of the Union building, exterior landscapes preferable, must be submitted by members four weeks following last night’s meeting. These prints will be discussed for exhibit qualities as well as on technical points. Club darkrooms, which were closed for repairs and then were forced to remain closed because of plumbing difficulties, are to be reopened this morning, l.w.a. Glee Club ToSing In Chicago's Hptel Sherman October 18 The University Glee Club, directed by A1 P. Stewart, will appear next Friday, October 18, for an allday engagement at the Hotel Sherman, in Chicago. Friday noon, the club will present a choraji program at the regular meeting of the Businessmen’s Executive Club of Chicago. They will also give a short recital at a banquet of the Chicago Purdue Alumni association that evening. Later in the evening, they will appear with Duke Ellington in the Panther Room of the College Inn, Hotel Sherman. New arrangements of “I’ll Never Smile Again,” and “Tennessee Pish Fry” will be presented during the evening.
j.z.
Forensic Board Announces Contest, Call-Outs
Issue Call For Co-ed
Sqphomores Interested In Managing Positions A call-out for sophomore co-ed forensic managers was announced yesterday. All sophomore women who are interested should report to room 301 in the English building, Monday, October 14, at 4 p. m. Forensic methods and participation in forensic activities will be discussed at Monday’s meeting. Marilyn McKhight and Gene Pechin, senior managers, will explain the type of work which is involved in manager positions and will also discuss the year’s program. All co-ed organizations are urged to send out two or three girls to represent their respective organizations. Organized as well as unorganizW women should come out for participation in this activity. j.f.z.
Board To Extend Speech Activities It was decided today at a meeting of the Forensic Board that an allyear participation contest for speech activities would begin this fall. The participants in this contest will be the different resident units on the campus, the fraternities, sororities, co-ops, and men’s andlfomen’s residence halls. Two trophies, one for women and the other for men, will be awarded the organizations having the greatest number of activity points at thp end of the competition. Points will be awarded for entry and participation in the following activities; Beveridge Speech Contest, Hanley Speech Contest for Engineers, All-campus Discussion Tournament and for varsity debat-
ers.
A meeting of the house forensic managers will be held next week.
Freddy Shaffer, Girls To Play
All-Campus Show Holds Final Tryouts
inunioiiTodarAi4 Tonight At PI A Open Dance
Every Member A Bolero Artist
All Talented Students
N.
Urged To Participate Tryouts for “Everything But Onions,” this year’s all-Campus show, will be held this afternoon at 4:00 * p. m. in the north ballroom of the Union according to Willis Wells, producer. All students who can sing, tap dance, play a musical instrument, act, or juggle are urged to tryout. This year’s show, the regular Thanksgiving presentation under a new name, is sponsored by Student Union. It will be presented frpm the stage of the Hall of Music on Thanksgiving day, November 21, for the students who are forced to stay in Lafayette during the one day holiday. According to Wells, producer, director, and co-author of the show, this year’s production promises to be one of the best in years. The opening is a “bull-session” in a fraternity house. From here it developes into a stage show. Music will be by Paul Reedy’s campus band. The entire show is put on by students. The play was authored by Willis Wells and Bob Hayt. Dance direction is by Bob Bauman while Bill Smith engineers the stage settings. o.l.a. Enders Visualizes U.S. Conflict In East Within Four Months Possible war with Japan within the next three or four months was predicted last night by Gordon Enders, instructor of Far-eastern history, at a meeting of the University Chinese student’s club. The club has for its purpose the promotion of friendship between Chinese students and also between Chinese and American students. Enders was introduced by H. H. Ku, president of the club. His opening words indicated that he was going to expand on thfe relations of the United States and China and the complications relating to them. “Yesterday,” said Enders, “was the 29th anniversary of the Chinese republic. Appropriately, President Roosevelt se^t a message of congratulations to Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek. Also appropriately, Japan sent a message of 800 bombs to the republic.” Continuing, he said that American and Chinese friendship has been maintained ever since the Declaration of Independence when clipper ships first started swapping goods in China and that although we have had quarrels, the friendship has remained. Apparently the recent tri-power pact of Germany, Italy and Japan has combined the war in Asia and the war in Europe. Enders said, “Now it is truly World War 2 and we have not seen the end of it yet.'’ Before the pact the United States could send supplies to China and Great Britain and no one would say anything about it, but now Japan has chosen to take this as an act of aggression and has blamed the opening of the Burma road-by Great Britain upon this country. Furjthermore Japan ha^considered th^facts that theU. S. fleet was wintered at the Hawaiian Islands, thkt 50 destroyers were sent to islands jn the Carribbean, and that for the first time the U. S. has peace time conscription, definite war indications. For a time a grave crisis was evident. There was some fear that the Japanese Militarists would d.0 something rash; however this has been lulled for a lame by honeyed diplomacy by Japanese ambassa^ dors to the United States and Great Britain.’^’ (Continued on page 3)
Freddy Shaffer’s all girl orchestra and image of maestro; they’re play-
ing tonight for PIA’s first dance of the current season.
Speech Man Lull Leads Delegates At TKA Conclave The Regional Conclave of Tau Kappa Alpha, national debate fraternity, begins today at Western State College, Kalamazoo, Michi-
gan.
Representing the University at the Conclave will be Professor P. E. Lull of the speech department, M. E. Keane, Seymour Udell, Dick Springgate, and Charlotte Finney. The-<3onclave will be carried on in the form of a model congress. Following registration at ten o’clock will be a luncheon at which time bills and resolutions to be acted on the following day will be presented. During the luncheon the University representatives will present a bill entitled “Universal Conscription.” In the afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock committees will consider the bills presented at dinner and prepare them for the session the next
day.
A banquet will be held at 6 o’clock Friday evening, followed by after dinner speeches. At this time Seymour Udell, representing the University, will speak. At 9 o’clock the representatives are invited to a dance sponsored, by the Western State chapter of Tau Kappa Alpha. Saturday the model congress convenes to act on the bills presented at the luncheon the preceding day. After the adjournment of the model congress the representatives are free until Sunday morning at which time they will leave for home. University Club Will Hold Reception, Dance Oct. 16 Pufdue University Club will hold its annual fall reception ^d ball in the south ballroom of the Union on Wednesday, October 16. The reception will start at 8:30 p. m. and the grand march will begin at 9 p. m. Dancing will continue until midnight. Bill Martin's orchestra will furnish' the music. There will also _.be cards in the faculty lounge from 9:30 until 12. e.w.r. Dr. J. J. Davis . . . head of the entomology department, will address the W. L. Blatchley club, a nature study organization, tonight. His address will^ 'be a memorial tribute to WiUm Blatchley, who died recently. Blatchley was a noted entomologist and for sixteen years state geologist.
b.v.l.
Hockey Team To Play Special Game Monday The University Women’s Hockey Team will play the United States Field Hockey Touring Team in an exhibition game at 3 o’clock next Monday afternoon. The game, which is to be played on the women’s field will be followed by a coaching session by the members of the United States team. In the event of rain, the game will be held in the Field House at 7:30 o’clock. Admission is free to the student body and general public. The University squad will include Jane Fishleigh, Chicago; Gail Hennis, manager, /Clinton; Carolyn Britton, Dayton, Ohio; Ruth Walker, Barberton, Ohio; Olive Metzger, South Bend; Mary Pidgeon, Spiceland; Opal Blagrave, Lafayette; Eileen Westover, Indianapolis; Kathryn Ade, Kentland; Barbara Ford, Lafayette; Eleanor Harrison, Union City; Shirley Emhoff, Detroit, Mich.; Betty Van Nice, Linden; Vera Chapman, Washington; Esther Kirkhoff, Indianapolis. Purdue Sportswomen Club and Athletic Association are hosts to the United States team which is touring under the auspices of the United States Field Hockey association.
PIA social season will open tonight with an informal dance in both ballrooms of ther Union. Freddy Shaffer and his 13-piece all girl orchestra will furnish the downbeat for University swingsters. Backdrop The backdrop for the dance will have a large gold “P” on a bladk background, surrounded by almfinlji representing PIA activities. Special bandfronts have been prepared with the appropriate picture of a girl. Freddy gained popularity while playing with Doc Taylor and Paul Whiteman, and for three years has been touring throughout the East and middle west with his own orchestra. After leaving here he will return to the Claypool Hotel in Indianapolis. Bolero Specialist Shaffer has a very talented orchestra, picking them for their musical abilities. He specializes in bolero with a glee club effect, backed by a pianist of the Fats Waller style, and a trumpet played of Clyde McCoy’s calibre. Janet Miller, vocalist, really makes the boy’s hearts throb with her singing. Freddy, himself, plays a mean trumpet, and as a sideline writes his own special arrangements. Both Ballrooms This will be the first all-girl orchestra to use both ballrooms and in special recognition a table will be reserved in the Sweet Shoppe for their use during intermission. Dancing will be from 9 to 12 o’clock, admission free to PIA members. The regular one dollar mixer charge will prevail for non-mem-bers. Memberships in the PIA will be accepted in the PIA office imtil 5:30 this evening. Ag Chem Club . . . held its first outing for all students Ynajoring in agricidtare chemistry at the West Side Athletic Club. The purpose of the outing was to acquaint the new students with the faculty and the experimental station men. The group met at Agriculture Hall at 7:30 o’clock and proceeded to the Athletic club. Refreshments were served to a large group of students and guests. mJc,
'Campus Originals Guild' Offers Design Opportunities To Co-eds
By Mary Kay Since fashions are swinging to American - designed clothe^ the Campus Original’s Guild of 250 Park Avenue, New York City is cooperating with college^ throughout the country in sponsoring a plan whereby clothes and accessories designed by students wfll find a ready market with manufacturers, who are members of the Guild and who will pai^ college g&l^ fdf~miginal~ designs. Cash For Accepted Designs AU designs that are accepted will be manufactured and sold in leading department stories, accompanied by the Campus Original’s Guild label, one side of which will have the name, year, and school of the stu-dent-designer. Checks for amounts of ten to twenty-five dollars will be paid for accepted designs of dresses, millinery, coats, pajaiams, robes, or any original novelty ideas. The Guild plans to choose a sen-
ior from each campus to act as skrepresentative, whose duty will be to keep the Guild informed of the latest fashion news of their respective campus. She will also receive a 10 per cent bonus of each payment made for designs accepted feom her school amd Campus Original’s Gi^ pm J^siiBBt^her-parition. Apply Now Designers and representatives, after their graduation, will have the co-operation of the Guild in securing employment in the merchandising, designing, promotion, w joumahstle fields. Seniors who a:ra interested in securing a position as a representative should send a letter of application to tiie Guild at once. Student designera may send their original designs direct to Campus Original’s Guild, untU a aenioir representative has been chosen.PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. October 11. 1940
% k w.
A.
We see by yesterday morning’s Tribune that the draft menace has decreased somewhat. Illinois’ quota has been cut from 24,000 to 6,000 men for the first call, and only 100,000 will be in training by the first of the year. Which puts the odds 165 to 1 in our favor. The way we figure it. * * * According to insurance companies, the odds are only 12 to 1 for us. They count out the sure things like blind men and people with broken legs. . And Congressmen’s relatives. i * * * We don’t. We’ve read the rules. Besides, we know the poll officials. * * * Getting back to the drastic cut in numbers, we figure that is the only sensible thing to do. After all a man can carry around a piece of paper saying his gun is coming up. But he sure would look silly wearing one of those slips— For a pair of pants on order. Dc Of course if they see that they can’t make it by the first of the year, all they have to do is appeal to the powers that be. It’s very simple. All he does is grant an extension.
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office In liafaVette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of ]^rch S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durine^ the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. , Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer Publication Sta^f News Editor. ■. J. H. McKee Managing Editor.....^— .D, K. Heiple Associate Editors: w. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business' Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R, J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenw^d. / / Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor. J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issue Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor: Miller Ass’t. Night Ed.: Hadley Sports Night Ed.: Swaim Sophomores: J. P. Zinski, J. R. Galloway, O. L. Allanson, W. M. Clark, T. B. Novey.
By changing the date of January 1 to make it fall on some other day.—dkh
JinuJif Jatk
From The President's Office . -. came more information yesterday with regard to the conscription registration next Wednesday. The information was in the form of a specimen registration card with attached explanations. Aside from the usual information required on a card of this type were several other items which merit some consideration. Item 6 deals with the country of the registrant’s citizenship. This applies to everyone, especially citizens of countries other than the United States. Students who are citizens of other countries or who have taken out only their first citizenship papers must designate the country of which they are still citizens. Item 7 concerns the naming of some person who will always know the whereabouts of the registrant. The relationship of that person is also required. Items 10 and 11 concern the name and address of the registrant’s employer. In the case of students this space is filled in with “Purdue University, student.” An enlarged copy of the blank will be placed on display in the Union today to further facilitate the registration. The estimated time for registration is ten minutes, since all the questions are very specific and require no summaries or histories.
TODAY - SAT. — 2 HITS
The American Association of University Women has cabled $6,050 abroad to help European colleges.
Vassar College is in its seventysixth year.
PLUS—2ND FEATURE LEE POWELL — IN — "HI-YO SILVER"
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
— WITH — JOHNNY MAC BROWN — AND— MILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY — WITH — JOE PENNER LINDA HAYES ADDED FIRST RUN NEWS
TODAY —SATURDAY k^ROONEY ^GARLAND
Prepare For Fall Special This Week REVERSIBLE COATS
PHONE 2237 ^
316 STATE
Bold & Black
We came in yesterday to find our little nook quite stuffed with correspondence. We will publish it verbatim and you can make of it what you please. The opinions expressed herein are those of the correspondents and do not necessarily conform to the ideas of the editor of this column br/the editorial policies of the Purdue Exponent. —B & B— Letters to the Editor Department Dear Bold: Here are the facts, you make the story. Ralph Luebber, Cary Hall North is the Romeo. Every day he gets a letter from one of two girls. One girl, Betty Eberhard, he took to the Butler/ game and Will Osborne dance./The other girl, Jacquelirte is Wearing his Cary Club pin. / He claipis to “accidentally” have left the pin at her home and “forgotten” to reclaim it.
Except for an act of the English parliament, the automobile might have been developed 60 years earlier than it was, records in the University of Michigan transportation library disclosed recently.
r
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
"GIRL 0VERB0ARD!"|
^ Martha makes a dive X
for the Navy...a riot of ‘ shore-leave romance I
in
GIVE ME A SAILOR — M.US — Mighty as the Mountains, Dramatic as an Explosion! W #
IS WHERE YOU FIND IT
With ■’ < GEORGE BRENT •OLIVlAi; DeHAVILLAND.CLAUDEg I RAINS* MARGARET LINDSAY I
For daytime and date time, too, for, the big games, for week ends or generol 'campus wear ... a Ken Classic in gabardine. Its down-the-back buttoning, its gracefully full skirt, with two front kick-pleats, and the pert pockets at the yoke line are added marks of its superb Keneraftsmanship. Tailored to , a turn in sizes 10 to 18 . . . about $13 at
— 5 BIG DAYS — Starting SATURDAY
LAST TIMES TODAY
KENNETH ROBERTS rliS-it woSrHWist passaoit
Victor MATURE* Louis* PLATT Loo CARRILLO* Bruco CABOT
Jacqueline turned down Bn invite to the Wisconsin game and Gary Club fall dance. I’m Ralph’s bosom buddy. ' Signed: Walt (The Rat) ' -^B & B— We don’t like this one-much. Dear Black: We,certainly have been seeing too much about Doug McDaniel in your column—^there are a lot of people who are bigger news than he is. But so long as you persist in keeping him in print, we feel that you should at least get the details straight. He put Jim Walley’s pin on Elaine Wellington — not Williams. Jim is his roommate. Originally Doug put Jake Davis’ pin on Elaine but decided to change over the week-end. Doug’s own Phi Delt pin is supposedly on a girl in California. We don't think much of
Thomas Say Sodety Sees Movies, Beds Officers Thomas Say entomological society held a meeting last night in room 103 of Agriculture Hall. George Gould of the University extension service showed movies before the well-attended meeting. Officers were elected at the meeting. They are: R. T. Mullett, Marion, Ohio, president; J. A,. Clark, Jeffersonville, vice-president; Ernest Rickman, New York City, N. Y., secretary-treasurer, r.l.h. , anyone who would do a thing like this but, B & B, let’s get the damn thing straight and make it the last time we are pestered with his name in your column. We agree. All we know is what we hear.
POPCORN
DAD'S
A 5 cent Sack
PLACE
or a Gallon for 15c ‘ 1
So Handy
LAST CHANCE FOR A 25% DISCOUNT ON TENNIS RACQUETS WHILE THEY LAST fTOlJE BOOK & limy nCRE
CRUmW—mNADfill
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
# Hierd's otiiy on« lie failored from such a superb worsted fabric . . . and this tie has the famous, patented ,4FOLD construction (no inner lining). N ties so perfectly . . .‘so easily with a smart “dimpled" knot ... it keeps its fresh, crisp! appearance . . . wrinkles I en^orale ever night like magic. Neckwear perfection!
00
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
V i
f%
, ' - - , . ** ' ' ' i
f'
i'iiday, Oclober 11. 1^40
POttDTI£ fiXPOMENT
(Continued from page 1)
Riveter Harriers To f"*" visualizes
Meet Pitt Saturday; Good Times Clocked
Bounding into form j^or the second meet of the season which will be run against Pittsburgh Sathrday, six starters for the race 'have been named by Coach Phillips. The race will be the second of the embryo season, both of which have been run on the Boilermaker 3% mile course. In Form Head Coach Herman Phillips stated that the squad as a whole appeared to be in better condition than on last Saturday when they ran against Indiana. In that race Holderman was the individual winner, although the Boilermaker team score nlaced them behind the wellbalanced Hoosier harriers. Holder-
“Nevertheless,” Enders continued
»these crisis will flare up every once in a while. We won’t back down from our stand that Japan must discontinue lawlessness and evacuate Japanese soldiers from Indo China and Japan has slammed the door behind her. This will eventually lead to a clash. We must force a war in the Pacific with Japan and incidentally Germany and Italy within the
next three or four months.”
man established an 18:42.6 record for the newly completed course, finishing several yards before Wayne Tolliver, Hoosier speeder. Starters in tomorrow’s race, as determined by the time trials, are as follows: Holderman, McLaughlin, Appleton, Jarvis, Stanley, and Marozick. r.o.s. ,
HRnDKERCHIEF TEST PHOVeS Vmi ZORE HlUIRVS SPRTIESS
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quali-. ty and value. WM. OEMUTH ft CO., NEW YORK
FRANK'S PLACE For the Best in SHORT ORDERS 111 Northwestern Ave.
OitL yjojjL Oimw JhaL College Unions in America trace their origin to the Student Unions at Cambridge, England, in 1815, and at Oxford in 1823?
The Purdue Memorial Union was first concieved hy the Class of 1911, and the first money was donated by the Class of 1912?
By 1914, $7,100 had, been donated to the Union through a collection of $5.00 from each student and $100 subscription from graduates and Alumni?
At the close of the World War, it was decided to erect a much larger Union than originally contemplated. To serve as a useful Memorial to the Gallant Heroes of the War?
JhSL fiundwL Wjimi/waL lAmotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
I
kinner Winner Of Spartan Cross Country Meet
Alex Jentsch, winner of yesterday’s Intra-school Cross Country race, has been declared ineligible to participate in the, meet because he has been a contestant in varsity meets. Fred Kinder, of the PE school, who finished in second placje, is the official winner of the meet, according to an intra-mural report. C. E. Smith, also of the PE school, is now being rated as the holder of second place honors, while R. B. Bourgham, a freshman engineer, was moved into thir^ position. Other men who finished the contest are: D. E. Bailey, fourth; J. M. Kallock, fifth; G. Archer, sixth; Q. Evans, seventh, r.w.j.
IM Schedules
0
TENNIS
' Friday, October 11
4 :16 p. m.—
Van Camp vs Armstrong (Sophomore
' final)
Stettner vs Dudzinski Pickering vs Lichtenberg ALE-CAMPUS GOLF Friday, October 11 Lee vs Dixon Richardson vs Coombs Douglas vs Reese
Diamond 1. Ward
SOFTBALL Friday, October 11
9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 16.
1 vs Ward 26
Ward 4 vs Ward B Ward 10 vs Ward 12
D-1 vs S-1 E-2 vs A-3
Sigma Chi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon
(R. Igney)
Alpha Tau Omego vs Tau Kappa Ep-
silon (H. Goldstein)
Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Phi Epsilon
(Jim Mann)
Cary Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 9 Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta Rho
(F. Witsman)
Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 11 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 8 Cary Hall B vs Cary Hall 10 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 12 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 6
COAL SPECIALS Kaymoor Po^a. Lump $9.00 New River Sewell Seam "Yankee Red Ash" Splint $^.75 W.Va. Cedar Grove Seam Ind. Deep Vein Tr. Stoker $5.00 All of the above coals are guaranteed to give complete satisfaction or the unused portion will be removed and money' refunded. North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
vilhanew
The UNIVERSITY $5.00 Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Elhaki is the color—with a felt bindingof contrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. tifcRSQ, U. S. PATENT OFFICE
are exclusive dealers for LEE BATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles anid shades before you buy your , uew FALL HAT. Prices. $2.95 to $5.00
Football Squad Polishes Attack For Spartan Game Looking forward to a tough game next Saturday, Coach Elward's charges went through last minute offensive and defensive drills yesterday afternoon before leaving for East Laixsing. The finer points of defensive line play were especially stressed by Elward. Following the defense instructions were the equally ^important drills with offensive formations. \ Having scrimmaged Tuesday,
Edward Abdo Here’s a hard going guard. Abdo is playing his second year of football for Michigan State College and is headed for the top. He is fast, agile and a scrappy battler all the way.
' TOUCHBALL Friday, October 11 1. Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa (R. J. McCarthy) 2. Delta Chi vs Theta Xi (J. Dickman) 3. Acacia vs Alpha Chi Rho (J. A. Kutz) 4. Alpha Sigma Phi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda (F. Meyer) 5. Delta Tau Delta vs Tau Epsilon Phi (Tom Noland) 6. Phi Kappa Psi vs Pi Kappa Alpha (J. Papurca) 7. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Delta Theta (L. Captain) 8. Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Pi (N. Goldstein)
Bowling Statistics Purdue University Staff Bowling League September 30 - October 4, 1940. High Team Sets Agr. Extension 2632 Animal Hush 2390 General Scores 2387 Union 2316 High Ind. Sets Liskey 566 Lehker ! 660 Waling ' 663 Waltkamp 537 High Team Games Agr. Extension 873 Chemistry 1 863 Animal Hush 847 Chemistry 2 814 High Ind. Games Lehker 226 Duff 221 Willard 218 Hanson » 214 League Standing
Won
Agr. Extension 6 J. H. R. P 6 Executive 2 6 Horticulture 1 4 Agr. Chemistry 1 4 Agronomy 4 English 4 Animal Hush 4 Poultry 4 General Stores 4 Agr. Engr 3 Executive 1 3 Mech. Engr 3 Dairy 1 3 Dairy 2 3 Agr. Chemistry 3 3 General Engr 3 Chemistry 3 3 Speech 3 Chem. Engr 3 . Elec.' Engr 2 Union 2 Physics 2 Agr. Chem. 2 2 Horticulture 2 2 Biology 1 Farm Mgt 1 Chemistry 1 1 Chemistry 2 1 Civil Engr 1
Lost
0 0 1 2 2 2 2
2 .
2 2 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 6 6 6 6
High Team Set To Date— Agricultural Extension 2632 High Team Game To Date— Agricultural Extension 873 High Weekly Ind. Game— Lehker 225 High Individual Sets To Date Stuckey 693 Miller, E. P 686 Liskey '.... 665
Wednesday and Thursday of this week, yesterday’s drill seemed mild by comparison. However, this ta-pering-off from hard scrimmage of Tuesday and Wednesday is customary since it allows the squad time to build up an energy peak for Saturday’s tussel. Spent Night at Chicago Consisting of 36 picked men the traveling squad left on the train yesterday j at 5:48 first going to Chicago and from there proceeding to the Michigan State camp at East Lansing. According to schedule, the squad pulled into the Spartan’s home town at about 2:30 this morning. Practice will be held tomorrow in ^the Michigan State stadium sometime after 2 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Also according to Coach Elward’s schedule the Boilermaker squad will “Lick Michigan State” at 2 p. m. on Saturday. The traveling squad consists of the following players; Centers: Axton, Leugo, and VanAken; Guards: Bro-wn, Hillenbrand, Melton, MiUer, Vecs and Winchell; Tackle's: Kjellberg, Neff, O’Bryan, A. Rossi, I. Rossi, Timperman and Warren; Ends: Combs, King, Rankin, Rush, Shimer, Sprowl and Tycocki; Quar- , terbacks: Cary, Kersey, Smerke and I Snyder; Halfbacks: Anderson, Berto. Brock, Byelene, Carter, Cook and Galvip; Fullbacks: Buffington, Fijala, Petty and Schumacher, d.w. m.
High Ind. Games To Date Lehker , 225 Stuckey /. 223 Duff 221
If we were gamblers we’d lay you odds that your collar points are curling right now, and further-more we’ll venture that you don’t like it one bii Here’s a comfortable new model that ENRO stylists have designed to preserve your well-groomed appearance from breakfast ’til bedtime. You’ll notice it’s a little shorter and somewhat wider spread thra usual. We have new Fall patterns and colors to sifit your taste, and this collar is available in the popular wrinklefree style^_,.. nr in a aQft.^cQllarjmodel with stays.--This is an authentic “fashion first” trend, another of our distinctive fiNRO SHIRT values ... at $2. \
MONAINSr.
CUmiiS SHOP INC*PURDUE EXPONENT
Fiidcty, October IL 1940
U
Poultry Pathologist To Speak To 'Vets' During Conference Methods of disease prevention and inoculation will be the main topic to be discussed at the annual University veterinary short course, beginning Thursday, October 17 and ending the following Saturday. E. S. Weisner, extension poultry pathologist, Michigan State University, East Lansing, will be the principal speaker of the conference. He wnll discuss current problems in poultry farm management and the WBAA
11:00—Just About Time 11:15—Memory Lane 11:30—Music of the Aitists 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Home on the Land 1:15—Ruth Schlott—soprano 1:30—School Program 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Story Book Houi 2:15—Magic Carpet 2:30—Tomorrow’s Game 2:45—Rhythm on Strings 3:00—Special Music 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Radio Class Pioduction
prevention of poultry diseases. About 3Q0 veterinarians from over the state will attend the meet. Dr. C. R. Donham, head of the poultry department, and his staff are expecting one of the largest turnouts of “vets” in years for a University refresher course. j.f.z.
Classified Ads FOR SALE Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night Phone, 2407.
Notices
Ma BotlcM Mceived after • n. Junior Military: Juniors report to supply room in Armory on Thursday and Friday, October 10 and 11, for your advanced course uniforms. —^TORMEY.
Seniors in Marriage Course: Bring questions relating to religion instead of recreation as assigned to meeting on Thursday October 10. Due to a change in schedule religious discussion ‘will be held October 17. —CHANDLER.
building at 7 p. m. Wednesday, October 9. —PHILLIPS.
Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz. There are still ten vacancies. —SMULEVITZ.
Intramural Sports: Due to the pep session there will be no intramural games this afternoon, Thursday, October 10. —CLEVETT. PIA Men’s Chorus: Hold elections Friday, October 11, at 4.16 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. All who have signed up or tried out, and anyone else interested, may attend —SMULEVITZ.
Model Railroaders: Club meeting Saturday, October 12, at 1 i80 p. m. in attic of Mechanical Engineering Building. All interested invited. —DARR.
Catalyst Club: Fledging ceremony will be held Wednesday, October 9, in Chem and Met Engineering Building, room 802, at 7:30 p, m. —BERQSTEDT. Cosmopolifan Club: Meeting and pledging of new members, Friday, October _llj at 4:30, room 804, Memorial Union Building.* —CORTISSOZ.
Outing Club: Everyone going to Pines Park meet in front of the Armory at 12:80 p. m. on Saturday, October 12. Please bring 60 cents to cover cost of foods and transportation. For reservations call Opal Blagrave, 6766, or Marjorie Ward, 4111, before Friday noon. —PARKER.
Senior Military: A war department training film, "The Medical Regiment” will be sho'wn in room 104 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Monday, October 14. This film will show the operations of the medical personnel of the square division in action —WORKMAN.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph sork. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St Phone 2779.
Hydraulics (CE 41): An examination for the removal of C and 1 gnrades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16 —F. W. GREVE.
Civil Camp Refund: Checks are ready for the following: Von Behren, Curran, Walker, Pace, Love, B. A. Johnson, Jones, George. —LOMMEL.
Wesley Foundation: All Methodist freshmen are invited to a picnic supper Friday evening, leaving the west door of the Fieldhouse at 6-30 p m. —HYDE.
All Catalyst Pledges and Actives: Formal pledging in room 802 of Chem and Met
Co-ed Tennis: Women’s tennis courts may, be reserved in advance at the Women’s' Memorial Gym. Virginia Baxter, will coach 'tepnis Monday and Thursday afternoons at 4 o’clock at the women’s courts —HAZELTON.
Share room with Senior man. Twin beds, shower, continuous hot water, extension telephone. No other roomers. Phone 61353. 902 N Mam St
All Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the Armory for the third novice pistol firing which starts October 22. 16-40 . —WASSMAN.
FOR BENT—^Rooms, modem near campus and village. Single bed. Garage available. 117 Wiggins. Phone 46301.
Lost: Biology Dissecting Set October 9 Please call Rm 2202. Phone 8413
Lost: A Charm Bracelet. Call Tel Reward
2484.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, October 12, by schools as follows: students whose names begin with A-E—Michael Golden Shops, room 101. F-K—Electrical Building, room 264. L-R—Electrical Building, room 129. S-Z—Civil Engineer Building, room 201. —KNAPP
PLEDGES! TWO SUGGESTIONS . . . . Give your pledge trainer a paddle charm with mounted crest. And a gross of crested water glasses to the house BURR PATTERSON and AULD 113 Northwestern Ave. Phone 2523
• Complel-e Model Airplane Supplies • Complete Phojtography Lines Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery University Drug Store
Next to Post Office
N. J. Arth, ’37
D. N. HanseU, ’37
The OLD TOPCOAT feels good these nights and what’s more it’ll look like NEW . . . after being cleaned, refinished hy Crown. SEND YOUR TOPCOAT TO US NOW ©DOWN Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINEi CL OTHE
Rememberl YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD ’ • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE JF ^alqreen drub s^tores 410 Main Street
IVe Have a JVide Selection of New Formals Romantic, Alluring dancing and dinner gowns, in taffetas, velvets, crepes, nets, satins and corduroys . . . trimmed in glittering sequins, brocades, beads and flowers. Many have their own lovely jackets. Formal Pirices Start at $7.95 and Graduate Upward to $45.00
^'He’s not so dumb. Peg. Sharpen your eyes on that Arrow Shirt;~not bad,eh?
Tab
Long point
Neophyte Nonsense Note to pledges: No matter what the assignment you’ll never look ridiculous in an Arrow Shirt and Arrow Tie. They’re happily combined to go together. Button«down Arrow Shirts for fall are new and different. Exclusive patterns, new collar models and new colors. Expertly tailored the Arrow way; topped with the authentic Arrow collar. Join the Arrow Fraternity today for $2. Wide spread
ARROtv SHIRTS .
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S In the Village
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, October 18 at 2.30 p. m. Meet iu front of Administration Building. No picnic. —VANDERBILT.
Purdue Engineer: Meeting of all salesmen tonight at 4:1B. —LANTZ.
Aero Modelers: Meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 856 of the Union. —KNIGHT.
Chem Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met magazines or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kroyvill, John Selb, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. —MASSEY.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
by
Lovely *JUDY GARLAND Loves to Wear the Chic 'TOH-lI-yir SWEATEIIS CDestgnecI Li; ’—and So Will You When You See Them!
e.
he pictured Boysweater for Girls is "Tish-U-Knlt" Style C-5044. Ideal for Wear in Class, on the Campus and Elsewhere . . . Featured in Vogue, Harper's Bazaar. Mademoiselle—and in Smart “College" Shops. About $2’® .. • Please Write for Name of Nearest Shop and for Free Style Booklet "C.”
OM.G.M. Star — Now Appearing in "STRIKE UP THE BAND"
OLYMPIC 1372 BROADWAY, NEW YORK OTT
NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE' HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
College girls and budding careerists find The Barbizon j Mode of Living stimulates greater achievement Its socially correct address and en-, vironment, its cultural advantages are conducive to success. Home of college clubs Daily recitals and lectures, music studios with Steinway grands. Library, art studios and gallery, sun deck, terraces, squash courts and swimming pool. Convenient to bjisines^ centers, fashionable shops, museums and theatres. 700 rooms each with a radio. TariH. $2.60 per day ^ ■ from $12 per week • IVnie for descriptive booklet C
LEXINGTON AVE, «l 63id ST. NEW YORK CITY
'♦jI
J ?
■» ii