1
Purdue
Exponent
Voluijae 5L No. 23
Friday. October 6. 1939
Barker Returns To Play At Annual PIA Fall Dance Paul Barker an^ his twelve piece band will return to the campus to play for their fourth Purdue Independent Association fall dance. Barker has furnished the music for the last three of the PIA’s social functions. Dancing in the Union ballroom will continue from 9 until midnight. Barker’s band, hailing from In- '"
dianapolis, will play in front of an eight foot replica of the PIA recognition pin situated on a black backdrop. In addition to the vocalist, Anjel Barker, the band features a male quartet. Several novelty numbers will also be presented. I As in past years, the dance will be informal, with street clothes being considered proper attire. Membership cards and passports will admit PIA members to the dance free of charge; all others must pay a one dollar admission fee. According to Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president, membership cards may be purchased for one dollar at the door before the dance.
/
Convo Committee Arranges Student Attendance Nights According to an announcement received from Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, University sophomores and juniors are to attend the first night’s program of all “two night” convos. Freshmen and seniors along with special and graduate students will be admitted the second night. Townspeople are to atj;end the opening program. This ruling will take effect at the first convocation of the year, Monday and Tuesday nights, October ^-10. The featured artist w^l be John Carter, noted tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association. In case it is impossible for students to attend the program on their regularly designated night, they may obtain a pass for the night preferred, by leaving their passports with Professor Gunn at 213 Purdue Hall, or with Miss Stover, 106 Recitation building. This must be taken care of before noon on Monday; the passport may be reclaimed after Tuesday night.
Anjel Barker
Riding Ciub Members To Perform in Meet At Indianapolis Club Riding Club members will go to Indianapolis on Sunday, October 8, to take part in the annual Gregg Round-Up. The show starts at 10 a. m. and continues all day. The program starts out with riding and jumping contests in the morning, followed by a parade at noon, and games in the afternoon. All the riding clubs in Indiana are to take part in the show, and there will be
1,000 or more horses.
Seven men and five girls will comprise the local delegation. Students will also take part in the balloon contest for women and the musical chair contest. In the parade the club will ride in second place. Tom Weldon, vice president of the club, will attempt to cop the long distance riding prize by riding from his home in Aurora to Indianapolis
for the round-up.
Professor A. G. Christie, president of the American Society of Mechanical Engiqpers, and head of the mechanical engineering school at John Hopkins university, addressed the local ASME chapter yesterday afternoon. His subject was “Creative Engineering.” ; “Engineering is the science and art of directing and controlling the forces of nature for the use and benefit of mankind,” was Professor Christie’s opening quotation. The quotation is from a definition of an engineer by the Institute of Civil Engineers of England. Speaking before two hundred or more mechanical engineers and faculty members, Professor Christie discussed the present status of the engineer, the economic situation as influenced by engineers, and gave numerous examples of “Creative Engineering.” The occasion was a regular meeting of the ASME, but called at this time to hear Christie. John Bryan, student president of the organization, introduced the speaker. “The present depression was caused by an over-sold condition, that is, too much installment buying. To remedy this condition some advocate the encouragement of sales engineering; I advocate ‘Creative Engineering’.” “One of the reasons for more ‘Creative Engineering’ is that the Japanese, with the aid of good cheap Chinese labor, are going to be great competitors.” Christie showed that
Sororities Pledge 132 Co-eds ~ Rush Week Ends With Formal Late War Bulletins Ceremonies This Afternoon
Christie Advocates 'Creative Engineering' To Overcome Present Economic Ailments
our best means of meeting this situation is to create more, better, and cheaper products to replace those now in use. When asked from the floor to suggest courses or special studies for students to improve their creative engineering ability, Christie suggested personal training morfe than studies. “Knowledge alone is worthless to an employer,” he stated, “employers want initiative, leadership, imagination, and creative ability.” Following this general discussion. Professor Christie went on to show what he meant by “Creative Engineering” by giving examples. His examples included inventions, improvements and Applications that have been made fairly recently. Gymnastic Club Chooses Officers At First Meeting The University gymnastic club held its first meeting of the year in the Fieldhouse Wednesday evening. The meeting was under the guidance of the club sponsor, Larry Imhoff, of the intramural department. The following officers for the current semester were chosen: George Campbell, president; Elliot Margolis, secretary, and Ronald Middleton, manager. Immediate business and a program for the semester were also discussed.
I Berlin, October 5—Speculations on the peace plan Adolph Hitler will propose to Great Britain and France in his speech to the Reichstag today circulated freely last night. No official verification of the circulating ideas can be obtained, but some of the questions that Hitler is expected to discuss as a basis for ending the present war are: 1. Readjustment of territories to provide Germany with a chance to develop colonial trade. 2. Establishment of a Polish state under German supervision. 3. Removal of international trade restrictions. New York, October 5—Prince Hubertus zu Loewenstein, former Catholic leader in Germany, on his arrival in New York yesterday spoke of “increasing despair” among Germans during the war. Prince Loewenstein predicts an eventual revolt against Nazi leaders by the German people if they think the Allies would give them a “decent” peace. London, October 5—Great Britain and France informed Italy through diplomatic channels yesterday that peace proposals are useless unless they insure the restoration of Poland and elimination of rule by force in Europe. Berlin, October 5—Reichsfuehrer Adolph Hitler pronounced his Polish campaign complete last night after he reviewed the troops who conquered Warsaw. He told his soldiers, “I know that you are ready for anything.”
Debris To Start Sittings For Individual Senior Pictures Monday, October 9 Beginning Monday morning, October 9, at 8 o’clock, Debris, University yearbook, will start taking individual pictures of all seniors for the 1939-40 annual. The Debris staff has arranged the sittings during the seniors’ free hours. This schedule of senior sittings will be published daily in the Exponent
until all pictures have been taken. The schedule will be published for the first time tomorrow, and will include the schedule for the day of publication and for the following
day.
$1.50 Again Pictuies will be taken in the Debris workshop, which is the first room to the left of the main stairs on the second floor of the Union. A charge of $1.50, the same as in previous years, will be made for the picture and is payable at the time the picture is taken. If any senior cannot be present at the time his sitting is schceduled, he should make arrangements with the Debris staff beforehand to have the time changed. Unless the change is made before the scheduled time, the student will be expected to be present at the time of his appointment. ^ Dark Suits ^Dark suits should be worn if possible to insure uniform pictures, and military uniforms may not be worn,” according to A1 Williamson, Debris junior editor.
Armed with sororities’ preferences and co-ed rushees’ choice cards, Roy Street, Pan-Hellenic lawyer, last night succeeded in
placing 132 co-eds in eight sororities.
II — ■■■■■■ The Pi Phis and Thetas led the
other houses, pledging 22 each. Closely following are ihe Kappas with 21. The other sororities pledged the following numbers: Chi O, 19; Phi Mu, 17; Alpha Chi, 15; Alpha
Xi and Pedalion, 8 each.
Following last night’s preference dinners, rushees signed cards indicating their first, second, and third choices. It was these cards that were then matched with the sorority lists. Seven national and one local
sorority submitted lists.
Pledges will receive formal bids this morning between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the women’s lounge of the Union. Formal pledging will take place this afternoon at 4 o’clock. This will conclude the formal rushing period which has been in progress through-
out this week.
Jerry Carlon of the Dexhimer Carlon Studios will take the senior pictures. This is the sixth consecutive year that Carlon has taken the pictures for the Debris. Eight Student Speakers To Attend TKA Convention Eight University students and four faculty members will attend the second annual Tau Kappa Alpha legislative convention at Bloomington today and tomorrow. Student members of the honorary speech organization making the trip include Don Paarlberg, Gene Pechine, Charlotte Finney, and Mark Keene. Other members of the varsity debate squad who will take part in the program are: Seymour Udell, Richard Spraker, George Alward, Jane Ostrander, Janet Morehouse, and Lucy Demoret. Professor P. E. Lull, L. S. Winch, R. M. Horn, and R. D. King of the speech faculty will accompany the student speakers.
Tickets Available For Gold Diggers
Co-eds no longer need to put off making arrangements for the annual Gold Diggers dance to be held in the Union ballroom on October 13, for tickets are jiow available at the Women’s Residence Halls, all sorority and co-op houses, and the'
west desk of the Union.
Jim Greene, University of Illinois swingcopator, will furnish music in the Artie Shaw manner. Although eds will dress informally, longdresses will be worn by the co-eds. The usual one dollar per couple
will be charged.
Outing Club To Make Cycle Trip On Sunday A bicycle trip to Cary Camp Sunday afternoon will open the semester activities of the Outing Club. The trip will be a co-educational af-
fair.
The group will leave Carter’s Bicycle shop at 12:30 p. m. Sunday.
Parental Consent Required For All CAA Participants Director G. S. Meikle, of the Uni-
versity Research Foundation, recently received word from Washington that the Civil Aeronautics Authority “requires the pareqtal consent for all participants in the CAA program, regardless of age.”
All students who have applied for
admission to the CAA training course are asked to call immediately at the desk of Miss Betty Weigle in the personnel office for their applications so that the signature of liarent or guardian may be secured
at the earliest possible date. After the applications are signeu,
they should be filed in Director Meikle’s office so that he may advise the local medical office to proceed with the final medical examination. It is urged that every applicant give
this matter his prompt attention. Women's Club Head Discusses Objects, Plans For This Year At the first meeting of the Purdue
Women’s Club held yesterday at 1 p. m. in the Union ballroom, Mrs. R. Norris Shreve, president of the organization, gave a talk on the object of the club and introduced the officers, section leaders, and host-
esses.
As stated by Mrs. Shreve, “The object of the club is to promote good fellowship among its members, to furnish them organized opportunities for profitable association, and whenever possible, to further the interests of the University.” ^ . Stratton Speaks Dean Dorothy Stratton, vice president of the association, also gave a short inspirational talk. Later in the program Mrs. S. A. Anderson rendered a piano solo, ‘^Magic Flute,” by Mozart; the Mesdames C. M. Parshall, C. C. Reeck, I. Walenstein, and S. A. Anderson played “Bolero,” a piano duo by lilozkhowski. The members were urged to join one of the eight study groups which include art, current history, drama, French, home economics, literature, music and physical education sec-
tions.
Clinic Will Correct Speech Difficulties With New Sound Recording Instrument
University speech clinic has been chosen by the National Research Council, committee of scientific aids to learning, to evaluate the usefulness and reliability of a new instrument, the soundmirror. Dr. Steer, director of the clinic, announced that the instrument has already been received by the University and is in operation. The soundmirror is in the clinic laboratory for inspection and use during the present semester. The clinic staff is using the instrument for remedial purposes with students manifestmg all types of speech difficulties. Use Magnetic Tape The soundmirror consists principally of a magnetic tape assembly, an amplifier, a loud speaker, and a microphone. The machine, which uses a continuous steel tape as a
recording medium, is so designed that it will provide an immediate reproduction of each recording for comparison oy corrective purposes. Easily Operated Each recording may be repeated over a;n over again without change in quality or volume, or may be replaced by a new recording merely by the operation of a control switch. No replacement of recording material is necessary in this process. It is this type of machine that was on display at the Chicago World’s' Fair and the New York World’s Fair. The Bell Telephone Company uses this instrument in the telephone service for people telephoning for the “time of day” and weather reports. Students are invited to inspect the machine at any time.
The pledgings are as follows: Pi Beta Phi Mary Jane Bachelder, Indianapolis; Kathryn Bertsch, Indianapolis; Marjorie Bollman, West Lafayette; Marjorie Brown, Springfield, HI.; Marjory Chanel, Battle Creek, Mich.; Sue Condit, Gary; Calista Creel, Angola; Janeth Dixon, Benton Harbor, Mich.; Jean Frankenberry, Sharon, Pa.; Gail Gallagher, Chicago, 111.; Peggy Howard, West Lafayette; Jane Humphreys, West Lafayette; Pat Lohman, Gary; Barbara Lupton, West Lafayette; Ann Mander, South Bend; Jane ‘Burr Pavey, Bronxville, N. Y.; Sylvia Pittman, Indianapolis; Jane Robinson, Indianapolis; Rachel Stickrod, Lafayette; Dorothy Weber, Indianapolis; Nan Zachary, Helena, Mont. Kappa Kappa Gamma Anna Belle Ball, Richmond; Anne R. Beard, New Orleans, La.; Dorothy Benson, Hpmmond; Erma Berry, Indianapolis; Margaret E. Call, Gary; Bette Anne Carr, Indianapolis; Nancy Cooper, River Forest, 111.; Ann Custer, Lebanon; Mai-tha Jane Fox, St. Augustine, Fla.; Betty Jean Graham, Western Springs, 111.; Marguerite Hans, Berwyn, 111.; Patricia Lackamp, Shaker Heights, O.; Julia Martin, Wolcott; Elizabeth Meguiar, Marion; Betty Morris, Shelb3rville; Anne Morton, River Forest, 111.; Virginia Schaupp, West Lafayette; Nancy Thomas, Shelbyville; Jane Van Gorkam, Chicago, 111.; Roberta Walker, West Lafayette; Helen Jean Wickizer, Shelbyville. Kappa Alpha Theta Jean Ainsworth, West JLafayette; Alice Ann Bahls, Lafayette; Mary Jane Bird, South Bend; Jeanne Burkholder, West Lafayette; June Close, Fort Wayne; Roberta Craig, Chicago, 111.; Jacqueline Decker, Lafayette; Pat Frigge, Vinceimes; Evel3m Gullion, Indianapolis; Mary Edith Harvey, Port Wayne; Kathrjm Hawkins, Barberton, O.; Jeannette Haynes, Park Ridge, HI.; Jean Henry, East Chicago; Jo Ann Jackson, Indianapolis; Betty Lewis, Indianapolis; Jane M. Lewis, Memphis, Tenn.; Frances Lloyd, West Lafayette; I^anda Lee Newton, Chicago, HI.; Martha Jane Raub, Lafayette; Vinton Taylor, Lafayette; Mai-ion J. Thompson, Lafayette; Ruth Wilson, Oak Park, 111. Chi Omega Jane Anderson, Cleveland, O.; Jane Arnold, Indianapolis; Beverly B. Baker, West Lafayette; LaVeme Bans, Lafayette; Dorothy Booth, Indianapolis; Prances Burkhart, West Lafayette; Alice Chatfield, Lakewood, O.; Marjorie Craig, Port Wayne; Virginia Fox, West Lafayette; June Greckel, Lakewood, O.; Bettie Ann Groves, Evansville; Helen Julin, West Lafayette; Betty Lou Martin, West Lafayette; Martha Rosencrans, Columbus, O.; Margaret Ross, Lakewood, O.; Helen Stallings, New Albany; Frances M. (Continued on page 4)THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 6, 1939
%
I *
Jinudif. JalL Art For The Boilermaker We wandered through the double-doors which open onto the Union music room yesterday afternoon, and found not music-lovers alone, but a few people studying “One Hundred Years of Painting.” This little-publicized exhibition does not have the Midway barkers who shouted their wares at Chicago’s Century of Progress in 1933 and 1934," but does go back a century into the history of paintings. Many students at Purdue, especially engineers, have little time for special “art” shows. The slide-rule could hardly be exchanged for a paint btnsh in the hands of its master, and even the most elaborate set of steam tables, stress diagrams, or graphs could hardly be called artistic. Whether you are a competent art critic or merely an interested observer, however, the music room exhibition is worth a few minutes of your time. Hardly anyone would stop for long hours of serious picture-study, but the display is worth visiting when you have a few moments to spare. Nineteen pictures compose the exhibition, reproductions of the work of artists who have been active in Europe and in the United States during the past century. Present day work is also included. Unframed prints in the exhibition were loaned to the Union through the courtesy of the applied design department; framed pictures were loaned by the Women’s Residence Halls. Officials of both departments deserve a vote of thanks for making th^ exhibition possible. These comments are made concerning the exhibition in the mimeographed catalogues which are available in the music room: “It is not representative of every important school of thought during that period. The more radical groups, the abstractionists and the surrealists for example, are not represented at all because their work was not available. “Yet many of the artists whose pieces we do have seem conventional as they, to us today, were considered to be reactionaries and charlatans in their own time. Like progressive thinkers in every field of human endeavor and in every age, they had to fight long and bitter struggles against tradition—^for recognition. Some of them never received fame in their life times. All are accepted masters now.” The Union music room is hardly in competition with the sweet shop. Today, however, jit might really he worthwhile to walk up to the
But
Incidentally— By Petrov We wish we could forget this foolish poem.
Wealth or fame I do not crave. A simpler goal I keep. 1 hope just once before I die To get sufficient sleep. * * * But that’s the way we feel this morning. * IK * Perhaps it would interest you to know what your University President does enroute from home to office in the morning. One of our espionage agents gave us the straight stuif. This agent picked up the dope while riding the street cat back from the hospital one morning when President Elliott was in the next seat on his way to work. Our President unfolds his Tribune, and after scanning the first page, turns immediately to section two, and then spends the rest of the trip devouring the sports news. * * * Personally, we tee off with “Terry and the Pirates.” * * * And the Dragon Lady. * * * We got off a joke yesterday. There will be a slight pause for general consternation. Now to carry on, we looked at a senior’s mustache and casually remarked, “There’s no hair apparent.” * * * (Note to Vladimir and Komanoff): If you don’t get the gag, read it again, ignoring completely the “h” in “hair.” * * * We’re hardened to practically anything, but when a guy walks into our classroom carrying a box entitled “Whitman’s Fairhill Chocolates,” and then opens it to reveal a Mexican horned toad, neatly stuffed, we have to gulp quietly to ourself. * * * And according to its owner, this horned toad wiU puncture any automobile tire running over it. Well, at least we’re going to be darned careful where we ride our bicyde.
second floor and visit the exhibit, even if it should cut your ordinary sweet shop visit a little short. Whether you are a sweet shop fan or not, seeing the display will make a pleasant interlude in the day’s activities.
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
A new campus shirt By Arrow
THE GORDON DOVER with button-down roll collar *2 THE distinctive feature of this fine oxford shirt ' IS the cut of the collar The points are longer and taper back broadly towards the yoke. The button points are so placed to effect an outward roll of the collar, achieving that desirable casual appearance. College men will especially appreciate this shirt for wear with tweeds and rough finish clothes Ask your Arrow dealer for the Arrow Dover $2. Its new and on the way in. In white, blue, also patterns. Sanforized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than l%). All sleeve lengths and neck sizes. ARROfV SHIRTS COLLARS . . . TEES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
SHOIS MOST STYLES *4 B & W SHOE CO. 121 North Fourth St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LIchty
Contributions are rolling in— tltanks a lot. The winner of the Mars passes will be announced in Saturday’s column. —B & B— Last Monday night, JOHN SMITH, comical engineer, fixed up quite a few of the independent boy^ with dates. He called up a gal he didn’t know and told her to meet him ’ in a certain place with nine more girls, and he would bring nine fellas. A good time was had by all at Murdock Park . . . quite an outing, eh? —B & B— We didn’t know things like that could happen around here, especially with ten blind dates! JACK NOON is looking for the guy who got fixed up with his girl, . . He doesn’t feel as if she loves him any more since she went on this blind date outing. —B &9— We often wonder who that co-ed was . . . —B & B— By the way, did you hear what happened to the “Three Little Fishes?” Dittum Dottum! —B&B— Dear Foop; In regard to your “scrqbbed, cleansed and luxed poem” concerning the ‘fwee’ I regret to say that it IS just a little too raw for our Elsie Dinsmore taste. Please send me an unexpurgated volume of Mother Goose. —B & B Editor. P. S. It has not been rejected, but will remain in personal file. —B & B— Seen and swiped from Michael Golden Shops bulletins board: Making the grade:
“Why didn’t you tell me they were the judges? I wouldn’t of slapped their hands when they got into the jam!”
I think that I shall never see A “D” as lovely as a “B”— A “B” whose rounded form is pressed Upon the records of the blessed. A “D” comes easily—and yet. It isn’t easy to forget. “D’s” are made by fools like me But only God can make a “B”.
CHILDREN'S DANCING Classes Now Being Organized BALLET and TAP Children Enrolled In Our Previous Classes Will Be Advanced To Higher Classes. Enroll Saturday, October 7th junior Ballroom 7 P. M. ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferry
LU^ TODAY-SATURDAY
umiuixitiiowi
Bob BAKER* Fuzzy KMIOT PLUS 2ND FEATURE THE PERFECT PLAGE TO G0...SEE-
mSS
sp Piaci
SATURDAY ONLY ON STAGE IN* PERSON
t-MomimiJsiB; DON GALVIN Troubador of the Tropics NOVAK and FAY Bullfighters from Broadway
• ADMISSION ALL SEATS 25(
12:00 to 1:00
ALL SEATS 30t 2:00 p. m. to closing 15c — 30c—40c
• ON SCREEN EDITH FELLOWS IN ''Five Little Pep|^ers and How They Grew"
Doors Open 12:15 Noon - Stage Shows—2:20-4:45-7:15-9:55 — Last Complete Show At 9:55 —
LAST DAY..Edw. G. Robinson in "BLACKMAIL"'/(■a' ,
IP
} ■ ;':^v',vrf^:":'M3l®
1
Friday. October fe# 1939
£xfummL SfujiiA. fi/oufSL
\ ,.■%*
Boilermaker Gridders Keep Spirit Despite Serious Losses Despite the definite loss of two of the main cogs in the ,stalwart forward wall, the Boilermaker grid squad has shown the same enthusiasm and spirit that characterized last year’s “sixty minute” play as it prepares to hit the victory trail against Minnesota’s defending Big Ten champs a week from tomorrow. Boilermaker grid hopes suffered
another severe setback yesterday when it was learned that Pete Timperman, burly right tackle, has definitely been lost for the remainder of the season. Careful X-ray examination of t*ete’s leg revealed a small crack in an old fracture, and the team physician immediately placed the leg in a cast. Timperman was one of the outstanding developments of last season, when he played more miputes at tackle than any other lineman with the exception of Joe Mihal. Pete started the Notre Dame game and was relieved by Whitey Johnson when
he suffered a blow on the leg. Johnson At Tackle With the loss of Timperman, the main burden of the right tackle post falls on Johnson, a transplanted guard. Coach Mai Elward is grooming Dick Johnson, senior reserve, and Italo Rossi, sophomore prospect, to spell Whitey at this position. To make the line situation even more complicated, in addition to the losSj^ of Timperman and Swede Thursby, first string senior end, Mai and his coaching corps are worried about the condition of the re-
Yanks Whip Reds In Second World Series Game, 4-0 Completely subdued by the powerful right hand slants of big Monte Pearson, the Cincinnati Reds moved one step closer to complete oblivion yesterday at New York City as the mighty Yanks whitewashed them, 4-0. Monte set the wavering Reds down-with two hits, struck out eight and walked only one. fiucky Walters, "most effective pitcher in either league during the regular season, was the victim of serve linemen. Tom Melton, promising guard' prospect, and Carl Ver plank, regular guard, who started against the Irish, are question, marks in the present team set-up be cause of injuries received in the Notre Dame clash.
frosh, Varslfy Football Squads To Renew Old Rivalry Tomorrow
Proper Cleaning As if you had done it yourself. Every garment is handled separately and treated with the utmost respect for its value to yo|j. Our cleaning is thorough, careful, odorless, and satisfying. Phone us today for our pick-up service.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
SOFTBALI.-Today
Diamond
1— Pi 'Kappa Alpha vs. Triangle.
2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Delta Eho. 8—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tan. 4—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 6—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Sigma Phi.
6— ^Acacia vs. Delta Upsilon. 7— Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
8— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Chi. 9— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Tau Kappa Ep-
^ silon.
11— Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma,
12— Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
18—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
14—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu. 16—Phi Kappa vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 16— Faculty vs. Phi Gamma Delta.
17— ^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 18— Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
’
the nine-hit Yankee attack. The New Yorkers broke out in the third inning with five hits and three runs. Babe Dahlgren sent a tremendous drive into the bleachers in the fourth to complete the scoring. Almost No^Hitter For seven and one-third innings Pearson was on his way to the first no-hit game ever pitched in a World Series. Then Ernie Lombardi sent a sharp liner over second base. Later Werber grounded one through short for the Reds’ second safe blow.
Boasting the strongest and best balanced team in many years, the freshman grid squad grows more feverous each afternoon in anticipation of their clash with the varsity Riveters Saturday afternoon.
The enthusiastic yearling squad, which has registered quite an impression in their pre-game scrimmages with the upperclass gridders, will meet the varsity men in RossAde Stadium at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon in a game which will be regulation in every respect. Frosh In Shape In,view of the fact that the game is scheduled for the open date in the varsity schedule instead of the Saturday preceeding the season’s opener, the frosh are expected to display a more polished attack and a more coordinated defense than has been possible for the past several years. Head Freshman Coach Elmer Burnham expects to make frequent changes in the rhinie alignment, as
he has been grooming three complete teams of speedy huskies in the intricacies of the Minnesota plays during the last few weeks of practice. The purpose of the use of the Gopher plays against the^ varsity is to attempt to better acquaint the veterans with the style of attack they can expect to meet in the forthcoming game with the Minnesota team. However, the strategy could easily revert into a boomerang, as the already strong freshman team, with the added advantage of the power line plays and the tricky pass offensive which have carried the Gophers so successfully through the past several seasons, may give the varsity a much stronger battle than they are expecting.
(jt)hjijtshjaW BY JAYSON
SENIORS!
Watch This Space for Schedule of (Deijddu Picture Sittings
mo
(DshjuA,
“QompMsL CampjuA. QovaMqal’
THE ULTIMATE WHITE SHIRT
$
2
Every organization which makes or sells men’s shirts has the dream of some day providing the perfect white broadcloth shirt. To our mind, the Whitehall by Jason conies closest to attaining this ideal. Tailored in Troy of an exceptionally fine white broadcloth, Whitehall is a great shirt manufacturer’s conception of perfection in quality...workmanship...value. We think you will agree that the Whitehall is the ultimate white shi^t. Sizes 13 Vz to 19; sleeve lengths 31 to 36, *Jaysonized no-starch, no-wilt collar. JAYSON SHRUNK—FdinV Shrinkage less than 1% — Federal Specifications CCC-T’191 A 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC.
tReg. U. S. Pat. Off. *Made under Celanese patents,31 I f Mi?
.w&4m
:p.i
?i;k,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Rush Week Ends (Continued from page 1) Thompson, Springfield, 111.; Barbara Waid, South Bend; Ruth Walker, Barberton. Alpha Chi Omega Jane Ballard, Marion; Jean Daley, Schenectady, N. Y.; Barbara Jean Hoss, Indianapolis; Kathryn Leist, Tipton; Gene Pechin, Lafayette; Becky Ann Pervine, West Lafayette; Virginia Pfisterer, Evansville; Beverlee Raber, New Castle; Jean Ann Ruffn, Alliance, 0.; Dorothy Sieb, Michigan City; Gene Taylor, Portland; Faith Wayne, West Lafayette; Betty Webber, Gary; Kae Weber, Park Ridge, 111.; Mary Jane Wimmer, Rockville. Phi Mu Roberta Alderman, Brownsburg; Inez Anderson, Bicknell; Mary Eleanor Blackmore, Bloomfield; Mildred Browning, Indianapolis; June Darrow, Indianapolis; Jane Davis, Lowville, N. Y.; Ruth Hollingsworth, Indianapolis; Joan Koerner, Lafayette; Winifred Kreipke, Indianapolis; Barbara Lahr, Mishawaka; Luella Locke, Lafayette; Isabelle McCauley,’Chicago, 111.; Martha Moon, Crawfordsville; Betty Nagle, Logansport; Lois Turner, Lafayette; Sue VanDeren, Cynthiana, Ky.; Ann Woolley, Richmond. Pedalion Jeanne Bucknam, Western Springs, 111.; Annette Dawson, Newman, 111.; Margie Ging, Rushville; Betty Hanna, Roachdale; Ann Henderson, Hebron; Virginia Keller, Anderson; Naima Smitt, Gary; Annabel Teeter, Monticello. Alpha Xi Delta Jane Blank, Lorain, 0.; Jean Broberg, Chicago, 111.; Ruth Mae Evens, Hammond; Mildred C. Kitley, New Palestine; Rose Malcolm, Indianapolis; Bonnie McPherson, Brooklyne, N. Y.; Betty Elaine Seliger, Hammond; Helen Willits, Anderson. Non-RusheesAttend PIA 'Dessert' Party Approximately fifty co-eds attended the PIA “Dessert Bingo” party given in the Reception room of the Union last night. The party was given for all freshman co-eds not going through rush. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, welcomed the girls into PIA, while Jayne Myer and Mary Glenn Yeager discussed activities of the association. Allison Lilly, women’s social chairman, spoke on the social side of PIA. A free membership was given as a door prize, and prizes were given for bingo. Refreshments, in the form of a dessert, were served.
Purdue Exponent' K. E. Insley— Editor-iR-CWef W. E. Smith Business Manager Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2702 Published daily except Monday during; the academic year. Entered as second class tnatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
' '4 4 '4
The PLYING DOWN TO RIO REVUE headlining ARMIDA, the fiery little senorita, comes to the Mars theatre for a one ^ day engagement, Saturday. This is a smart colorful revue of thirty people, mostly Continental Stars, and the Gaucho Band—something different in music. ARMIDA is a star of wide magnitude, having appeared in motion pictures, radio, and stage. She brings a program of dance and song styles made popular throughout America by her. She has appeared in all the leading theatres in the United States—both vaudeville and motion picture. She will present her latest dance craze when she appears at the Mars Theatre on Saturday—the SOUTH AMERICAN SWAY. Others in the dUst are Don Galvan, Heather and Blackstone, Novak and Fay, a line of South American Beauties, and the Gaucho Band, etc. Be sure to see this smart revue. It’s different. It’s entertaining. It’s exciting.
Vogue Fashion Writing Contest For College Women Announced Vogue’s fifth annual Prix de Paris contest for senior women in accredited colleges throughout the country has been announced by Edna Woolman Chase, editor of Vogue magazine. The purpose of the contest, according to Mrs. Chase, 'is to discover college girls with the ability to write and a flair for fashion. Openings in careers in the writing or fashion fields are offered as awards for the winners. First prize is a year’s employment in the Vogue office, six months of which are to be in the Paris office if world conditions permit. Six months employment in the New York office is sec-
ond prize; the same time to be spent as feature writer on the Vogue staff, is third prize. In addition, the best theses will be purchased, and outsanding contestants will be awarded honorable mentions. The contest consists of answering a set of questions to be published each month in Vogue magazine, as well as writing a thesis on a subject to be announced later.
Follow Youi?^ ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Wilson Discusses Extension Methods At Ag Conference M. C. Wilson of the U. S. Department of Agriculture led the discussion yesterday at the annual conference of home economics and agriculture extension departments now being held on the campus. He discussed the method and techniques to be used in presenting extension information. Wednesday afternoon the conference presented a portrait of the late Professor ,W. Q. Fitch to the University. T. A. Coleman, Associate Extension Director, presented the portrait to Professor F. C. Hockema who accepted it for the University. The picture will hang permanently in the Agriculture Experiment Station along with other great Purdue agricultural leaders. Last night Marshall Abrams, Greencastle, well known Indiana Kiwanis leader, spoke before the annual county agricultural agents’ banquet. The conference will close today noon with a luncheon in the Union. Director Harry J. Reed will speak on “Looking Forward Into 1940.” Use EXPONENT Classified Ads Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENTFOR RENT—Double room. Single beds. 122 Pierce St. Phone 7764.
DOUBLE and single rooms ?9 and $10. 623 Dodge. Call after 7 o’clock.
FURNAS ICE CREAM
DAD'S
It’s Good, But Low Priced
PLACE
Quarts 25c Pints 15c
So Handy
Step Out with Confidence!
Because you’ll “Look Right” if you use Ameri-can-Cleaning Regularly. It Pays. Phone us NOW for Pick-Up.
iiUHdW/ 3085 American Laundry
132 Vine St.
RAIN COATS You’ll be dry as toast in this swagger, light weight rain coat we’re featuring for the smart dresser who doesn’t want the rain to wilt his appearance. Tailored of a special fabric that sheds water like a duck. Roomy and free of all excess weight. $2.98
Shirts
Sweaters
Sport Slacks
Coats
Hose
Slide
r SENIOR CORDS
$2.98
Rule
GRAY CORDS
$2.98
Pockets
SUEDE PANTS
$3.98
224 Main Street
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
Graflex camera, series B, sinkinizer, film magazine, packadapter, 4.6 K.A. lens. Tanco Studio. 6483.
/ ]F^dciy« October 6. 1939
ber 6, at 4 p. m. in room 203 of the Armory. All actives and pledges wear formal uniform. ' —HOTLBR.
TYPBWEITEK^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—eBooks and slide rule on Bussell Field. Please call Teeter, 3223.
Christian Student Fellowship: Group meetings on Monday evenings for the rest of the semester at 7:30 in Union Building. (10-12) —BURBRINK. Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting at 140 S. Grant at 6 p. m. for supper Tuesday, October 10. —GLEASON.
ROOM for boys in new home. Tiled shower, gas heat. Private entrance. Phone 2143.
TWO newly decorated, nicely furnished students rooms, adjoining bath. 254 Lincoln St., West Lafayette, Ind. 71681.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Reduced rates on room and board; male student to fire furnace. Phone 3210.
NOTICES
All Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Come to the office tomorrow at 4 p_. m. Members of Genevieve Houser’s committee are Anna Belle Hail, Nelda Wood, Bryan Husted, Frank Owen, Thelma Eming, Mary Alice Miller, and Robert Trueblood. Members of Lois Voelkel’s committee are: Thelma Cox, Betty Hancock, Kay Johnson, John Hawley, Dorothy Vermillion, Harriet Forgery, and Betty Van Burgan. Members of Walt Gyces’ committee are: Eleanor Miller, Betty Graham, Donald Wasson, Dave Modesitt, J. W. Lindsey, John Day, and Jack Maidlow. Members of Jack Stewart’s committee are: Pete Wallace, Barbara Hyman, Hal Sohornstein, Jim Walley, Bob Gimlin, Betty Blackridge, Dorothy Quinn, and ScoUty Murray. —BREUER.
Science Juiilors and Seniors: Meeting Friday, October 6, at 4 p. m. in Coulter Hall, room 211. —ENDERS.
Debris Salesmen: Important business meeting Friday^ October 6, at 4 p. m. in the Reception room of the Union. —MoLEAN.
Lutheran Students: All Lutheran students are invited to attend a meeting of the LSAA in room F of the Union on Friday, October 6, at 4:16 p. m. —HALL. Hydraulics (C. E. 41) : An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held In room 203 of the C. E. building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE. Christian Science Organization: Due to the convocation a special meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 10, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 16, please sign up in senate office immediately. —ESTEY.
_ Tau Beta Pi: Short but important organization meeting at 7 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in the Union reception room. —CATTERALL. Riding Club: All members going to Indianapolis meet in Union at 7 p. m. Sunday, October 8. Members who have not made arrangements to go may do so by calling J. D. Meyer at 6086 before Friday night. —MEYER. POMM: Formal pledging Friday, Octo-
FOR RENT—Single room, reasonable board. 227 Wood St. Phone 51304.
CLEAN comfortable single room. First floor. Quiet streets. Close to Fieldhouse. 606 Dodge.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—$60.00. One four by five
PEP UP CUP COFFEE
1 Pound bag
14c
• Roasted fresh daily. • Freshly ground to your personal specifications at the time of the purchase. • Bought in carload lots directly from Brazil, thereby eliminating unnecessary handling and costs. • Packed in an inexpensive package.
3 pound bag
PICCtY^WICClYi
Phi Lambda Upsilon: All actives who wish to order keys this semester see E. Nelson in room 114 of the Chemistry building by Saturday, October 7. —SCHRADER.
PEW: All freshman and sophomore women who expect to obtain license in physical education are required to attend a meeting on Monday, October 9, at 6 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —^HAZELTON. Tan Beta Pi: Chapter officers will meet with faculty advisers at 4:30 p. m. Friday, October 6, in room C of Khe Union. —CATTERALL. WAA Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament: These people have not played first round playoff games. The games should be played immediately. They are: Jane Pishliegh and Gobeille vs. Marjorie Ward and Swing; also Louise Thomas and Duncheck vs. Eleanor Harrison and Bibbin. UO-7) —WALKER. Girl’s Singles Tennis Tournament: These girls have not played first round playoff games. The games should be played immediately. They are: A. Spector vs. S. Emhoff; R. Swift vs. T. Decker; B. Kirkhoff vs. N. Cooper; M. White vs. V. Engenbright; and J. Morris vs. R. Foland. (10-'?) —WALKER.
ROLLing. Along Just the thing for breakfast
1 aMHM als; ™
— a couple of GRAVE’S
rolls and a cup of coffee.
\ Our bakers use only the
^ best and freshest ingredi-
ents. That’s why our pas-
\\
tries have that something
i' ~ ^ ;
you can’t find elsewhere.
i, ^
Try ’em, you’ll be convinced !
GRAVES
QUAlLITY BAKERY
Phone 3852 124 State, W. L.
“Catering to
Fraternities and Sororities’*
Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday, October 8. Meet at Carter’s Bicycle Shop at 12:30. Bring 20 cents for food. Special rates on bicycles. Call Jeanette Morris, 2430, by Friday evening. October 7, for reservations. —HARRISON. Pi Tan Sigma: Important meeting Monday, October 9, reading room, ME building. All members are urged to attend for selection of pledges. —EILERING. Gold Peppers: Call for your hats at Southworth s. (10-8) —MITCHELL. Senior and Junior Military Students: Sign payroll in Armory office immediately. Delay means delay in receiving pay. (10-10) —ADJUTANT. Students: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. •'uuu (^016) —BRYAN. Exponent Workers: The folkwing sophomore are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn. Monday; Pickett, Tuesday; Lannon and ^TCy. Wedne^ay; Merger. ^Thursday; Oa*w sSu^T*^ BoU'winkd, Friday; and Pureeill. (10-8) —FRED.