Mentor To Serve Board Retains
Divides Duties Of Coach, Athletic Director
Voluhie53, No. 99
West- Lafoyette, Indiana
Trustees^ Action
Renaming A. H. Elward As Coach
0-
VttSIIIMIW MERRY-40-ROUHI
(An Editorial) Yesterday the Board of Trustees betrayed the students^of Purdue University. The re-appointment of Mai Elward, who has proved incompetent as head football coach, suddenly quenched student hopes for Purdue’s future football fortunes.
The choice is unanimously unpopular with students, union vice-president is in charge of Military Highway Needs
players, alumni, and faculty. But it i^ more: it was a I'etuming the books, requests that V / . . V , Q crnHonfc n/-»f />lo
_ lOA-j After two days of prolonged disciissipn the University Board of Trustees yesterday an-
Friday, |anuary 23, ' ]y[g| Elward and his entire staff had been ,retained to guide the destinies of
the Boilermaker football team for 1942. However, the position of head football coach wil! be divorced from that of athletic director as of today, and a new athletic director will be ap-
pointed in the near future.
In a statement following the action of the board, President Elliott had this to say: “The Trustees of the University have just spent many hours of discussion and consideration of ■ —^———-— —— the athletic situation. They —
have reached a decision. Let each of us concerned with the standing and strength of the University during these uncertain and critical days do our best to support Mai and his staff. Here is an opportunity to prove unity at a time when unity
beconies a real test,” Much Time In Discussion
The Board of Trustees, of which there are nine members, spent more time in deliberation over this mat-
Book Exchange Closes foda^ Thirty books and $200 are left at the Book Exchange in the Union sub-basement. Harry Hud'son,
Schrkker Speaks
Of 28th Road School Col. Wheeler Discusses
Gifts To University For Loans, Research Williams Gift Establishes Fund For Frosh Women Gifts presented to the University
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
|ohn L.. bewis. Driven By Ambition, Revenge/ Seeks AFL-CIO Peace
situation in any department with the ill-feeling that
Elward will engender.
Did the Board of Trustees even consider that a large ' „ x . .. , 1 , , , „ , ,, , 1 -1 . .1 • ' open after 3 p.m. to distribute the majority ot the students fervently hoped that their remaining money c f h
. 1 • 1 ' i . 1 - j_v 1 1 • all students who have not claimed Close to nine hundred city, county oeiioeration over inis mat- - stupid judgment that the Board made when it assumed either books or money should do so state officials attended the clos- any question in the his- Trustees meeting that Purdue could possibly have a successful athletic 5 p.m. today when the Ex- session of the 28th annual Um- tory of the institution. yesterday and ^Wednesday inclnde ^ change closes. , . versity Road School yesterday aft- About nine hours of discussion the following: from the Chi Omega,
Although there is no longer any *0 hear Col. John W. Wheel- of Wednesday and .yesterday ^himnae, $50 for a loan fund; from selling or receiving of books, the the lessons taught about jj^^g^.^oons were required in order National Research Council, a offices in the sub-basement will be '^'^'tary highways as revealed by .(.o.^each a decision President El >^*^8'netic tape recording machine
army maneuvers. Col. Wheeler, of 'valued at $350, to be used for re-
the 113th Engineers at Camp Shelby, Miss., and a former member of
school would lose the'game with Indiana last Novem-
ber in the belief that it would force the naming of a p|'0shlTldn NonninBCS
new coach and athletic director? Obviously no. Last
semester student morale hit a new low—even huge Jq PotitlOnS
bonfires and pep sessions and sickly-sweet words about
to-reach a decision. President Elliott said he had no idea who the
ii.1 x- j- X 11 u 1. X search for clinical therapy in the new athletic director would be, but ij' >-'-
• X- x j XU X ij u speech department, intimated that one would be named ^ _ very soon. He said the circum-' 'Research Gifts
stances created by the national The Oldsmobile Division of Gettemergency would naturally have a eral Motors Sales Corporation gave bearing upon the rapidity of selec- an experimental six cylinder OldStion. The President further said mobile engine to be used for. tftn that it would be necessary to ex- laboratory instruction in meefean-
,, , , X, • T-. amine,the entire field of applicants ical engineering. The American the present war, both in Europe , „ • x, x. ,, -di x- x . -x, , t ,, xN . X • x, • , , before announcing the name of the Blower Corporation presented the and in the Orient, is nothing but . . -xu • u, ■ »
Sri'LirpropLl'TharlheTFU Set-Up is practically sentenced to one year at Jodw at 6 p. ... fa last time a contest of internal combustion en- Annonnccmcnt sc”™'coLd hyLuir” cSS
and CIO reopen ,the peace nesotia- hal'd labor. He knOWS that this is merely'an expedient SrS„e° tl,L vLokofry banl? ‘I'd official stateVient •"‘I a Siincco fan valued at
tions that he broke off two years Qf ^ not-V'ery-COUrageOUS Boarcl to ease.him out. The AWS freshman representative dur- he said. “Mobility is determined by program as ren- to be used as lab equipment, m me^^‘"wniiamTutcheson, Roosevelt- neW atllletic director, when appointed, will be work- ing second semester. , - ^^,j^2a’Jidiana "^'Fiirsl^^BrltTorortRe Uni- ^ M^s^R^'w! Burger, Mrs. hating, veteran head of the AFL ing Under a tremendoUS handicap. There will be ^ “We,'"tL”iundei3gnS, do The effects of the war on the work versity Boar^of Trustees, it was Mrs. Fred carpenters. thousand resentments, and the athletic staff will find hereby nominate for the of the Indiana state highway sys- provided that the duties of the Di- yc.^'gf°the^musiea^^^
itself with as many opinions as there.areymembers. organizations:' " ' ■
. “ ^ 1 o TJ. j. -i. on the AWS Executive Board for Hadden, chairman of the state high- Education for Men as head football What does Purdue want.’ It wants a show tor its the second semester of the school vvay commission. Predicting that coach be divided.. '•
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22 Five “support the team” could Hot scratch the apathy. men and on woman had secret un- Elward, to say nothing of the studcnts, Under the'
decover hands in John L. Lewis's
For AWS By 6 Tonighf
the state highway commission, predicted that “the military values of every future highway will have to be considered and sacrifices made
accordingly.”
In his discussion of military highways, Col. Wheeler declared that
George Meany, bulky AFL secretar^f treasuBcsr,. who is ambitious to become head of the AFL, or a combined labor organization.
find wiiliiinf in nli.v hall with mOllCyj it WUntS H fighting, colorful team, not neces- year of 1941-42.” This mu.st have the average future speed at which 'Second Step—That the tcim of and IS willing to play ball wRli * . y. , -i , the signatures of 26 other girls in HoOsiers will likely travel in their a Lewis to attain th.s^goa . sarily a yearly ,Minnesota. It wants something that there should autos win be reduced and at the 'as Head Football Coach be extendUaniel lohin, A1<L teamsiei (JjsgUSt the entire Student body. It does not be a picture of the candidate at- same time will decrease accidents, ed to December 31, 1942, at such
boss, a sincere advocate of AFL-
CIO peace.
want to be told to “get behind the team” every: week tached to the petitiom
Loan Funds
Gifts to the student loari fund
appointment of Mr. A. H. Elward "^Vere announced as follows: $100
from the Military Ball ConamitteQ^ making a total of $201.27; $1 from
Hadden said, “It is ironical that salary as may be determined by the New Idea Club of Leiters Ford
Agnes McCulloch, president of Persons who wouldn’t reduce speed President of the University.
for the Virginia C. Meredith fund
mr John Steelman, director‘of and thcil Watch an anemic exhibition that borCS CVery- women ’students win to save a life win do so now to save Third Step^That the President ''’h'ich now totals $1,095.39; $100
the U.'S. Cohciliation Servule, > , . ■ .
onk it despises these nothing to nothing scores and receive petitions in the Wood Haii would infinitely prefer a forty to thirty defeat. . may be taken to the Elward has made enemies at every turn, ihere are upon presentation of passports,
mambers of the team who have vowed that thev would all freshman coeds may vote in the master, welcomed 350 of these men •, J? j-u 11 J! n J ’-c Tni J hv • 1 election of two girls Wednesdav, to the annual banquet in the north play no more football for Purdue if Elward remained, ^^ g u baihoom of the union.
There has been bitter diss'ention among the coaches the Union buiidin
of the staff. High school athletes laugh at Elward, and state without any reticence that they prefer to seek
their fortunes elsewhere.
Last November the Exponent wrote an editorial asking Elward’s removal. It was never printed. After pressure from all sides, administration and alumni, the editorial was squashed by . the members of the staff after assurances were given that the coachingstaff would be drastically shaken-up. We feel now that
who is on close terms with Lewis. It was Steelman who awarded Lewis the closed-shop in captive mines last month and a year ago supported him in his knockdown fight with commercial coal oper-
ators.
Secretary Frances Perkins, who had made such a howling botch as head of the Labor Department that she is fiantically anxious to chalk up some spectacular achievement and sees an AFLCIO agreement as offering that
chance.
Senator Burton K. Wheeler, America First champion and intimate pdlitii®! pal of Lewis. Of the six,. Hutcheson had the
biggest hand in LeNvis’.s surprise
move. A few years ago the two men rgDresent studcilt ODlniOH were fierce enemies, after exchang- IcpiescilL bLUUent upiliiuil.
ing blows at a CIO convention. But they were retinited in 1940 by their
mutual hatred of Roosevelt. After Lewis’s sensational bolt-to-
(Continued on page 2)
Dr. McHale Discusses College Coed's Role In Defense Projects
Principal speaker of the evening was Governor Henry F. Schricker, who told of Indiana’s foresight in realizing the need of organization for preparedness for the present
emergency.
He also spoke of Indiana’s phenomenal record of achievement in
Prof. Lull To Direct
Radio Discussion On Economics
“How Shall V/e Pay the Bill?’
The Exponent
Editor’s Note: The editorial which was written last November and has lain dormant in the editor’s desk is reprinted for the record on
page two.
AWS Not Only Regulates Coeds Registration For Coed But Serves Entire Student Body Defense Classes Ends
Yesterday in the Union Lounge, some students were overheard saying, “What does it do, anyway, besides regulate hours for the coeds?” They were talking about AWS. One of the most Mmportant pro-
ing m Lafayette in adjusting her- x j x - i j ■ x- , h j
. for women students,'was closed yes- tion oi women seems probable and
selt to the campus. Both of these , ■ ■ ^ functions began this year and are terday afternoon after all the class- that women who are engaged in
sponsored by AWS. . es had been filled. No additional Natioiial AITairs registration will be held today as
Keeping the college girls inter- previously announced,
jects of Associated Women Students j,, national affairs is an es- The courses inclucie radio code, is to provide a counselor or ^'8' gebtial feature'met jiy AWS by motor'repair, and pistjol firing. They
sister” for every new coed each baying such speakers as Betty Was- are being sponsored by Gold Pep- x-j year. In this way freshmen who feel ^he campus to give worn'- pers with the cofaperation of the more technical work. She suggested
lost, homesick, or scared can get point of view on public news. Department of Military Training, help and advice from older girls, p^i-iday, Jan. 30, at 4 p.m. Due to the nature of the courses This has a surprising effect in ac- Sears will give the first only a limited number of women quuinting the “Grecnies with the. i,i a series to be given by mem- students could be enrolled in each
University. the economics department course.
During those first awful days-- to enlighten both men and women
a tire.” of the University be instructed to I’eceived from the Pest Control OpElliott Speaks recommend a properly qualified erators’Association, making a total
Last riight at 6:30 President Ed- person for early appointment to of $655.83. -
ward G. Elliott, serving as toast- the position of Director of the Di- The Board also acknowledges re-
vision of Physical Education for ceipts of $500 from the estate of Men. Miss Mary M. Williams, formerly
chief accountant of the University,
c.f.h. Principal speaker of the evening I nil Ty\ for establishment of a loan fund for
freshman girls. Miss Williams died last year after an extended illness.
Leaves Of Absence
Leaves of absence of several staff members for military service or other purposes were approved by the trustees at the quarterly meet-
road building and voiced the pride is the topic of a radio discussion ing.Thelistannouncedbythe piesof the people in our splendid high- s,.,.oup to be presented from 5 to ident follows: E. C. Miller, of Chem/
Dr. Kathryn McHale, executive system, saying, nothing is. 5.30 p.m. today overWBAA. The jcal and Metallurgical Engineering secretary of the American Associa- unporLint to state 01 county program, directed by Prof. P. E. faculty during the present.semester tion of University Women and only co’istruction and mainteiiimee Lull of the speech department, will for active duty with the Naval Rewoman member of tjie University “ the arteries of trade . . . the high- include such material as the amount serve; G. R. Mayhill, instructor in Board of Tru.stees, spoke yesterday state. ^ of national income that will be need- history and economies, for the curmorning' in the Union to the women oiiTLing out t at t e tianspoi 0^] ji-j 1942, how it will be raised vent semester for active military
tation .of laborers to the machines and the effect of this on the indi- duty; T. E. Hienton of the agriculiS'now 01 utmost importance, he vidnnl citiypu a! n . . i. j? 1 ^ ; ,1 .. viuucii ciLizLii. tural eng-ineering stair, for one year* said, Ihe man behind the nmchine Members of the discussion group starting March 7, on duty with the IS as important as the man behind today are J. O. Bray, chairman; Army Ordnance Department. Hienhegun. Emplunsizing the need for Robert Weiss, var.sity debater; Jan- ton has been op duty several
tiained engineeis, he praised the et Morehouse, president of Tau Kap- months work being"carried on here in train- pa Alpha, forensic honorary; Rex ing men to meet this need. Mayfield, president of the InterfraThe second speaker of the even- ternity Presidents’ Council; Prof. ing, Walter H. Blucher, executive k. q. Thoma.s of the history, ecodirector of the American Society of nomics and government departPlanning Officials, .spoke about ment; and R. B. Stewart, Univer-
enrolled in the Experimental Sci-
ence curriculum.
In discussing the part women can play in the war effort. Dr. McHale emphasized that University women should make their contributions in fields which will utilize their educations. She said that any defense work, volunteer or paid, undertaken now should be chosen with care since it is likely to become per-
Registration for defense courses manent. She stated that conscrip-
planning in the po.st.-war period.
m.j.l.^_j,
First Defense Mixer Features Irv Given
some sort of defense.work when the draft comes will probably be required to continue in that work. Dr.
McHale declared that knitting and t i • -xi. x- i j x , , , ,, , In keeping with national defense, bandage-making should be left to xi. x: x t-v i- -n i, i u , , ■ . , , , ,. the first Defense Mixer will be held
those who are not educated for
R. E. Smith, clerk in controller's office from Nov. 22 to June 30, is given leave for active militai'y duty. Floyd Brannan, grill fountain boy in the Union, was granted leavq from Oct. 27, 1941, to June SO, 1942, for active duty in army service. J. 0. Hancock of the applied mechanics department vvas given leave Jan. 1 to Jan. 30 to carry on re-
. . . director of research relations search work for the National Dewith industry, announces that the. fense Council at Harvard UniverCAA flight training here is bein.g sity. c.f.h.
sity controller. c*h.a.
G. S. Meikle
Owen House
ask anyone — of friendlessness, on the history of the present war. AWS plans picnics and parties to it was AWS that took the initiative get new students acquainted with j-q begin these discussions, the old. They also sponsor a date the spring May Day is held, bureau to help the iiion meet the Outstanding coeds are cliosen to coeds. X reign over the University Sing. All Girls in co-op houses have a of the senior girls arc given corcouncil which meets one a week in .sages by AWS as a farewell, the AWS office to discuss their Special Activities ,
problems and the relationship of AWS also keeps in contact with le, purchasing agent; Dominic Miunorganized and organized girls, all University coeds by interviews ra, social chairman; Carroll Cole-
that college women should try to help others understand what wo are
fighting for.
Dr. McHale, who is on the campus for the quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees, was introduced by Professor Dorothy A.
tomorrow night in the Union ballrooms from 9 to 12. Admission to .
the dance will be 65 cents and ^ enrolled in both the primary
extended in the present emergency program. Several students have al-
showing of at least ,50 cents worth of national defense stamps. Irv Given and his orchestra will play
at the mixer.
. The backdrop will be a picUire of
„ . ■ Uncle Sam in red, white and blue. Bove.e, supervisor ot the Expcri- x, x • ■ . . , ' „ . , , , Across the top is printed Help mental Curriculum, t.m.d. ■
course and the advanced course that follows. Training will start immediately, according to Mr. Meikle’s of-
Basketball Tidi^ Distribution of reserved seats te
flee, and anyone else Who is inter- the student body for the three home
. . . men’s cooperative house, announces the election of the following officers: Bruce Fleming, president; Fred Wolf, vice president; Joe Magavero, secretary; Lawrence Boger, treasurer; Robert Boswink-
Notice
OK 11
farther along, will help a coed liv- of each individual.
Bartlett, education chairman.
All freshmen and sophomore girls who have not had their posture pictures taken this .^year, niust come to the gym today between 3 and 5, and have them taken. MISS RUSSELL
Uncle Sam.”
Stamps will lie CxU sale fiom'll, to 12 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.m. on week days and on Sunday afternoons throughout the semester at the hootli in the Union. This stand will also bo open during the dance for those who wish to buy more stamps. Stamps will also, be sold at Executive building, WRH and Gary
Hall offices.
osted in the program should apply at that office any time, m.l.r.
Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the I'Ticulty will he lufid on Monday, January 26, at 1 p.m.. in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President
basketball games with Iowa, Northwestein, and Wisconsin has been advanced one week from the date?, originally announced. According to the new seheffnlei the distribution of student tickets for the last three home games will begin on this coming Monday, Jan-; 26. The new distribution schedule, by classes, will be as follows: Monday—Seniors Tuesday—-Juniors , Wednesday—Sophomores Thursday—FreshmenK'''
%r'
‘r
Sfeir’s N*ti: App(^n^ed is th^ editbriat written jlilii Nlj^mher about th^ atWetic set-dp. It follows t!ldi|ii^Ily'the?editorial on the front pasre. : "\jlfe|terday we heard of a Purdue football fan, wiio sent Mai Ehvard a.postcard bearing ^G'%;ery ^laconic inesisage “Zuppke did it.” IJhAib is the purpose of this editorial. In short Ijife Exponent, with, we think, the support 0l^ ,9S per cent of the student body, feels that Mai Elwnrd should go as football coach and athletic director. During Elward’s reign as head' football coach here, Puidue has never had a better than fair football team, and yet in the late ’29’s and early ’30’s Purdue was one of the powerful teams in the Middle West. In these years everyone followed the Boilermakers, but today not even the students care what happens to their football team. Saturday we lost to Indiana and were held scoreless for the fourth straight time. During the eight game schedule the Boilermakers crossed the goal line in only three games, and Purdue’s offenseless team became the joke of the Big Ten. In fact, a Chicago sports writer commented that our team showed so little punch that spectators were becoming bored. Time after .time this Fall student spirit has reached its peak at rallies, and yet on Saturday afternoon we were forced to sit through dismal defensive battles. Now Purdue students will no longer suppoi’t their team.
The pep session before the Indiana garhe was the smallest of the year, and many wgre heard to comment that they didn’t care who won on Saturday afternoon. Student athletic morale has hit a new low, and we feel that for the well-being of next year’s-elevem and the student body as well a chhnge in the coaching staff must be made in order to restore confidence in. Purdue’s teams, for confidence now is certainly non-existent. This change does not apply only to the football team, but to Mai Elward’s relations as athletic director as well. He does not possess the qualities necessary for the athletic directorship. Elward has failed to coordinate the minor and major sports, and has shown an inability to get along with his associates. We have heard from many sources that his fellow staff members, as well as players on the football team, are afraid to go to him for advice because amiable relations with Elward are difiicult. We feel that Purdue’s athletic director must of necessity be a front man aIl' OA<fer the country for our University’s, athletics; he should be able to establish proper relationship with alumni, and above all must be a tolerant person, which we believe Elward'is not. ■ For these reasons we believe that the wellbeing of Purdue’s future athletic program will be in jeopardy if a new athletic director is not named. The Exponent
FRIDAY News , Ciirid Man ' Morning Melodies WBAA Presents Theatre of SongProf. Prank Hiall — History of Europe Since 1870 Purdue News Agricultural, Forum
Drastic closing orders.due to fueff^f Meet the Band
. . 12:46 Classical Music shortage and heating, dimculties were revised to allow “soft drinks
RQME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
JhiL (heu.
NiiHaa-
-OAXOi-
-awoM
Well, here we are again with more lines of defense. News comes from the Army Air Corps at Wright Field that a new all-seeing camera, attached to the machine-gun sights of fighting planes, successfully underw-ent tests at the Wright Field experimental latbratory. The new apparatus, far superior to any- ^ thing previously used, can record action high above the clouds and can be taken into actual combat as the photographing takes place simultaneously with the guns to give a vivid account of the battle. Here is an account of Red Cross endurance. Twen- • ty-:four years ago'^ the late Miss Lillian Longshore made a pair of pajamas for some .soldier, inteding for the garment to be sent to Prance. Recently the pajamas were issued to a private at Sheppard Field, Tex., and pinned to the inside of the pocket he found this note: “July 10, 1918. To a dear soldier boy in France,” Evidently the article never reached its iiv tefided destination. This is what I call a case of the Red Cross holding the goods. . ^ This was alwaj's i-eputed to be a man’s world, now we know why. One Bairy, prominent New York designer-, has made a “Blackout Button” especially for men’fe, lapels. In the daytime it simply appears as a
patriotic red, white and blue emblem, but at night gives off a luminous light just to let others know where you are. Convenient to say the least. Walter Winchell quips with “Being, a buddy of Hitler is unhealthy business. Some of the favored generals and cronies, including Quisling, are taking sick like all get out, many of them dying. All the-demo-tions of the military men are ascribed to illness. Prob-, ably compound fracture of the epaulets.” —s—■ We wonder why Herr Happel, chief of the film section of the German Propaganda Ministry, said that German movie cameras cannot function at a temperature colder than 12 degrees below zero.. According to him, a-special treatment, impossible to give in the front lines, becomes necessary at this ,temperature, and at 30 degrees below zero the movie cameras cease to function at all. In view of the high qualifications of German cameramen and technicians, this seems more than odd, especially when the Russians and Finns have solved the problem so admirably, d.c.p.
Merry-Go-Round (Continued from page 1) Willkie broadcast, Hutcheson wrote Lewis a hurrahing congratulatory letter. Later they held several secret pow-wows that aroused much conjecture in inner lahhr circles. Two days befoj-e Lewis sprang his peace .scheme, he and Hutcheson had another secret talk. The day after this meeting, Hutcheson, attending a se.ssion of the AFL executive council, had himself made a member of the AFL’s peace committee, which had been inactive for two years. Al^o, when Lewi.s’s letter was delivered to AFL president William Green at the Saturday afternoon meeting of the council, Hutcheson hastily departed, saying he couldn’t wait to discuss the proposal as he had to catch a train. Note: The first question asked Green by the startled council members was how Lewis’s letter was delivered. He replied that it had been sent by special messenger, Aisp that he had been informed that the letter had been given to the press before he received it. News-wise Lewis timed his letter to break as a front-page smash in the Sunday morning newspapei's. ' • Througii With CIO Behind Lewi.s’s sudden passion for AFL-CIO peace are two things:
(1) He is thi ough with the CIO- (2) He is out to purge from organized labor ranks the Commy-fellow-trav- - ellcr elements who not. so long a,go were his closest allies and the backbone of his strength in the CIO. Lewis washed his hands of the CIO after its recent annual convention. In 1940 the CIO slapped him down when the rank-and-file refused to follow his demand that they desert Roosevelt and vole for Willkie. Lew-is swallowed this rebuff, hut he didn’t forgive it. When the 1941 CIO convention again cuffed him resoundingly by repudiating his isolationism, he decided to find newer and greener fields for his burning personal ambitions. In the CIO the pro.spects were that he would remain a minority voice. But if he could put over an AFL-CIO unification, Lewis would again become a mighty “king maker,” with the strong possibility that in a few years he might make himself the big boss of the combined organization. Or Secretary of Labor. Or Vice President of the United State.s—his great secret ambition. • Goodbye Commy Pals Foi- his one-time Commy pals, Lewis’s peace/ scheme spells doom because an A'FL-CIO consolidation will mean the end of mo.st of the CIO unions they dominate.
Mo.st of these unions are “nuisance” unions; organized primarily for the purpose of invading AFL fields to harass the AFL. The CIO rivals are small and in some eases have had to be supported Avith CIO funds. . In any get-together, the AFL is certain to demand, that its unions absorb these ClOers. That means double curtains for the Commies, elimination of their unions and finis for- them, because the AFL constitution bars Communists. The CIO does not. Lewis turned on the Commies after the 1941 convention, when, following their latest party line, they supported the resolution repudiating his Amci'ica First View.s. Lewis was furious at this Commy. stand and if he can put over his peace plan, he will be able to get revenge, without directly lifting a finger against them. Note: A few days ago, talking to several labor leaders, “Denny” Lewis, brother of John L. who appointed him head, of the United Construction Workers at $I0,r 000 a year, declared, “You boys better get on the bandwagon. We’re going places again. The boss is, on the march and there’s going to be a new set-up around here.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
and soda fountains, newspapers and periodicals, shoe shining parlors, light lunch' stands, fruit and popcorn- htands and; moving picture houses” to remain open. The University war fund coiUr mitteevturned over $10(000 to- the , army YMGA and- bought a, $2i000 ambulance for the PurdUe ambulance corps, which was expected'to sail for Fi-ance at'any time, 'Frank Burton Andrus, new commandant of the University cadet corps, arrived accompanied- by hiswife and two adult daughters. That should have helped the 1918 i-atio, unless “adult” was the polite way to, say in 1918 that the daughters were somewhat, antiquated. Junior Prom plans were completed with a price cut. front $6.00 to, $0.50. Decorations were to be reduced to the point, where they were still “artistic and attractive” but not expensive. One of the 1918 Exponent editors was deeply distressed by all the knitting- which was being done by the coeds. With a wool .shortage in prospect, “every article of hand knitted woolen apparel should be considered a badge of dishonor” when worn-by a civilian. Not only were the “dear things” knitting for the non-soldier boys; but they were also making woolen hose for themselve.s. And. to make matters even worse, in order to display their hand made stockings to a better advantage, the coeds wei'o wearing them with pumps during record breaking cold weather. Horroi'.s! Latest statistics showed L,427 University men serving in some branch of the Army or N-avy. The .Exponent, campaigned for sugar saving—^less sugar—in tea and coffee, no sugar left in the bottom of the cup, less candy and no frosting on cakes. Merry Monarch, the 1918 counterpart of Loyal Alumnus IV, was likewise still making headlines two months after his Intei'iiational triumph.
1:00 Souvenirs 1:30 Music •
li:45-. Markets
2:00 A Story A Day. 2:16 Parent Poimm 2:30 Moods in Music
3:00 Music 3:10 Music
3:15 Marjorie Williamson—
singer
3:30 Special Musical Series’-' Purdue Woman’s Club 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:30 A. P. Stewart’s Music Organizations 4:46 Curio Man 6:00 Campus Round Table 5:30 Vespers 6:45 Little Miss Mlilfet 5:6.0. News 6:00 Dinner Music 6:30. Sports^ Review with P; R, Y. 6:45' Next. Week, ate Pur.due^Mr. T. R. Johnston 7:00 Lafayette Little Theatre 7:30 Music Alberta Schmadfel—singer 8:00 Marching Along 8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:46 Eventidb Echoes 9:00; Union Mixer. Band: 9:30 Mixer Ihterviews OieO News.
Opijortunities for men and women in the United States Civil Service were discussed by C,. B, Snllivan,. special Civil Service representative from Washington, D. C., and S. Goldman, representative from the 6th Civil Service District around Cincinnati, in a meeting yesterday. The personnel service has announced that all senior engineers who are interested in goveimment employment should meet either today pr tomorrow to complete the required forms. The schedule for Friday interviews is: 8 or 9 a. m. in ropm 206, of' the. Mechanical Engineering building, and 10 or 11 a. m. in room 213 of the same building. Interviews for Frida.y afternoon and Saturday morning may be scheduled by contacting the personnel service in the Executive -Building. It, is compulsory that engineers report for the interviews promptly on the hour so that complete instructions may be given to the entire group, p.s.
' , .’If ■, According to the Student EDiialth Service report, the fh'llowllj’^.'itu-; dents ato under medmaj trea^ Marie Apostle, HE ’45, and: Eliza--beth Elliott, HE;^44, convalCspifig;/ in the WRH infirmary; ; andt (l, D.. Hempleman, Eng ’46, at:’St.,®iifi-‘: beth’s Hospital. Rpbertr' He ’43; is recovering,fromt^suiwal ti’e/itment in the WRiH Hv R. Almshah, ME ’43, and|!3i: A. Clutter, Eng. ’45, wCi'e re|flj|s^d. this week from St- EJ'zaheth’A/^®''’* pital after medical and surgieaL treatment,,respep,ti,y:ejy. S...^ar.-.. man, ME ’44,?was dl?ch'a.i*g(3d|^'om Home Hospital, e.h.a.. ,
i : ■•FRIENDEW SERiVlGEfc/ /.I/ = Bonded - S ^ ., Gas and-Oil'' .'.i-h = I T. &.R. Oir€0., i^*;.l,
Tear Dafiee
. . , sponsoi:ed by the PI A, will be held this Saturday from B until 5{80' p.m-. in the north ballroom, with music furnished by recordings. Men will be admitted upon presenting a.FIA card or paying ten cents, and coeds will be admitted free.
lOc
.Beef Steak
Home Made Chili
Phone. 2645
PAUL'S PLACi tOc
Beef'GaA»Q
Pork Teiiderioln
Furno(> lice, Cream; ....-
WctfeliVer
I Hays Jewelry ' t I 131 Norths Bniirth Stt -I -f :■ .■ ■ . .'S' i Fine Jewelry at, Moderate Price: \
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 30.6-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
DR; PAUli' A!, RISK , DR, mTHiR A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS .... ' 400-404- Schulte' Bldg. ' 4th and Main St. Lafayette
& Ei MAZDA UMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS llnivgsity Boot Store Across From Union Sammons ’29 **Doc**^ tipple MO'
Freshmen
. . . interested in trying out for the squash team report to Chief Clevett’s office at 4:45 p.m. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday starting today. Top ranking players are annually awai'ded numerals and ke5^s for participation on this team.
^uhdusL £xponsmL All-American 1940-Ml
Entered as .second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 18-79, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, I 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year i 2, and weekly during the .Summer Ses.sion. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub- ■ ns, $4.00.
Hi
, Publicatipn Staff ,;, J5d|t*|ri«a Staff: . . F. AmoB, J. H. ArmBtronc:, D. T. Brophy, % L. Ha<Iley, F. I. JonoH. K. G. Kieper. SSoriii SUIT; O. T. ClavU. J. D. FraBor. J. S. Keeler. Coed SUff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdell-
Associate Editors
V't
£<Utor»m*Cliief,. News Editor ^ortii Editor. ...
. Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L. Traueott Phil Johnson
Business Managrer Maiiaffine: Editor Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..Lclaiid W. JRuffner Ruth Rose
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Doriha Siess : Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phpn«: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 i., , Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Repri'sented for national advertising by National Advertisini? Service, Inc., College Publishers Keiire.sentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New. York, N. Y.
Staff For This issue
J ^ ilS;djitoi’: Boynton |«»uo Editor: H»m
Day Editor: RamsdeJI Sports Editor: ChuHield
i Reporlers; (!, Jias.s, K. IJ. Ahrens, K. »BIemker. T. Davis, J. Foimtaine, M. L. Rigg. C. J. Wilbur, K. M. Ford, D. Pickering, M. J. Lauej’. Sports: A. L. WickarfI, S. R. Beall, B. M. I'ar.soiis.
n 1 pviw n
NOW LIE’S IN THE KNOW-— ABOUT • CONVOS DANCES CAMPUS GOSSIP LOST AND FOUND CO-ED HOURS
- NOW PtAYING-
MRCKEY
JtUDV
It’s all youth, fur )t and songs Let’s go, f I America!
whf. FAY BAINTER VIRGINIA . RAY RICHARD WEiDLER • McDonald • quine DONALD ALEXANDER MEEK • WOOLLCOT.
— TODAY THRU SAY.
GUN FLAMINl ACTION I
A COLUMBIA PtetUB: AND.,,
ALSO
"JUNGLE GIRL^' Serial Latest PATHE NEWS.
TODAY . TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
The Out-Shot the James Boys and Ou.t-Rodc the DaltonsL; '
AWARNERBAOS.HIT,«i«i, DENNIS MORGAN JANE WYMAN ■ WAYNE MORRIS ARTHUR KENNEDY
PLUS
TAWNG IS DANemms IM A GIRL Lm AHr A crime-'bustjRg spadal ‘prai^MMr's Ihat tbk uiid«rw«rM;iM^ to silence the wIImssh wIn hold their seireiti
V- ^ ':!!
SI-$
1^* 1 %
" ^ f'f \ a'’ s^'
^^5^ )'•^ <* -*4^ Jf
Boilermaker Hardwood Team B Gofihers Moncby Niglit In fkMm^
>iilrifiiirtli I ifi I
fili<^,{MMt»y.23y l>»IZ li'i'WijWtjf I .
ge 3
■'t ' ' rqlbiipa ]^oile;i;'m^{i;e£ E'oilsmen will meet ^Icliigian Sthte at T p m tonight ^ the 8id flooi of the Fieldhouse I'hii? toumajrtiieirt, the fliist ope of ^he» season^ ie sponeoied by the Silvet Mgsk, {encing honoiary, and ;s o^Pj^ to, thA publio. HhTty Bprl, Cecil Ghkes, and Dick Goodemote Wilt fiance for the in the foil division Hhipy Bbtl and Bill Reade will contest in the Aspee diVision, while Johni TpCkfec and* Bill Khadfe vdll fence in ^e sabre dlvisiont ”^catlng Qt Bainta In. iha division, matches ate pitied for five points while m the ep^ and, sabre dtvisibna thiee points determine a victory. In foil a44>eRee xpatches, pomissare scored! yith the point of the weapon only, whpreas ip sab^e the ed^ of the bla4e as well as the poahtvis used! inj scoring. The farget in epee fepcjngf, consists of the whole body wwle ih sahre the only valid points mhat' be scored, above the grmni line, |n foil, touches must be scored! above the gfom, below the chin, and mside ofi the shouldei» seams of ttte Jacket. Silver Mask retains interest on the O^ntpus in fencing by olfering> instruction to anyone who signs up, Instruction for beginners will begin within the hejtt two weeks and will cohtinde about four or five weeks At tfec end of the period, a tournatpW!,t will be Sponsored foi the bemedhlS being awaidtiie tbteA top ranking fenced ojm.p,
The Coed Gestapo By Alice Chatfield Although basketball and thoughts of the Big Ten championship are foremost in the minds ol most Boileimaker fans, our thoughts diifted to the fall and football yesteiday when we saw seveial foimei stais wandeiing around the campus with books undei their arms “Swede” Anderson who has been woiking on a defense job is back and will piobably see action next fall ''“Swede” was a star halfback on the 1940 team, weighs 195 pounds, and comes from Struthers, Ohio ^ Bachman, Schumacher Back iTwo fullbacks aie back at school. Bob Bachman and Hal Schumacher Bob has been out of school with an injuiy which he leceived in freshman football piactice He was an Indiana All State fullback in 1939 fiom LaPoite high school Schumachei, who comes from Chicago, weighs 200 pounds and is one of the Riveteis’ best place kickeis All of these men are good foi the fiist string team next fall ► Two Of Six. Pofenfial FuHhacks Dast fail the Boilermaker'r had six potential tuilbacks before school began However Piank Pijala, Hal Schumachei, Bill Buffington and Bob Bachman weie all losf^ some of them not coming back to school and otheis leceiving injuiies oi being ineligible John Petty and John Andietich weiA left to fill the fullback position with Rockn Shydei and othei playci & who occasionally saw action Schumacher and Bachman will be welcome members on the team next yeai Speaking of football, captains seem to come into the pictuie The U S Naval Reseive Plying Corps seems to have an atti action foi Boileimakei football captains Dave Rankin, captain and All-Ameiican end of two years ago is m active tiaining as a naval aviatoi Tom Melton and James Millbi co-captains o± last fall have enlisted and expect to be-called foi training in the noai future. ► Frosh Practice With Team The basketball team was gcmg thiough then paces yesterday aftei noon in the Pieldhouse Coach Lambert was drilling the team on offensive and defensive play undei the basket on one end of the floor Several freshmen weie piaeticing along with the legular team Ed Ehlers, Aithui Lange, Bill Keicheval, Cail Hoehamei and Don McVey were all theie and showed gieat, possibilities John Wooder, a famous-Pui due star of fifteen yeais ago, coached Ehlers at South Bend Cential high school for the last few yeais,
WMToJiiHiei
totii^l? m the Mjemoijgl Gypunasium Sportswomien will sponspi the firef fWied reci leation of the year '“IShe program has been plannedi-foi all Htaiver^ty eds apdJ coed9» Students may play badminton, shufflehpa»d, defek tenpis, volleyball and pingpong fuom % 30 to 9 The swimming, pool wall be open from 8 tp 9 and dancing to recorded music will! take plape fiomc 9 to 10 .i Anyone taking part in the games must weal rubbei-solod shoes Men who swim will he charged ten cents foi a suit and towel As an added atti action WAA will offei an All-Star volleyball game at 7 30 Members of the teams are as follows Blank Team-—Mary Pidgeon, Maiy Daswell, Nancy Cooper, Baibara Potd, Gail'Htennis, Bteriiett Campbell, Libby Baughman, Beatrice Bueigler, Naicissa Hockei, dean VansiCklfe Gold Team —► Monica Buerglfei, Shiiley Emhoff, Betty Galbraith, Elizabeth McKeej, Lynn Eiganbright, Ruth Rose, Lois Vei Hoeven, Harriett" Di ake, Kate Miuphy, Opal Blagrave jf
IM Schedules
PRATERMT* VABl,B TENNIS Il-riday, January 22 4 IS Table 1 Phi Kaplla TaU vs Sigma Chi Ep silon Table 2 Delta. Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu Table 3 Pi Kappa Phi vs Winner of above Table 4 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Beta Theta
PI
Table 6 Sigma Chi vs Winner oi I BASKETBALL Court 1
7 00 7 15 8 00 8 IS
rHiWdC PAPER TOWELS < JltinA Belter Vrie^ t») Suit PHOKE 7828
M!
mfAYpr
CO4
flad’s Placa so HANDY
POPCORN GALLON 15c Hershey Kisses, in bulk, 30c per lb Furnas Ice Cream Pint 15c
Ward 8 vs Ward 26—Praetice game Ward 12 vs Ward 2 Ward 10 vs Ward 5 Ward 28* vs Ward 32 ’
Schwartz Court 2
" 00 Ward 25 vs Ward 30 15 Waid 36 vs Ward 17 8 00 Ward 38 vs Ward 37 8 15 Ward 3 \s Ward 13
Gates
Court 3 " 00 D4 Battery Practice 8 15 Lambda Ghi Alpha vs Phi Gamma Delta—Piactice game Rafferty
Sigma AIpKa Mu Wins. Sqi^h Tournament Clash With SPC
K 1
Defeating Sigma Phi Epsilon by a score of 2-1 in the finalfe, Sighiu Alpha Mu won the intei mural squash tournament last night. Sigma Alpha Mu had pieviously met the ATOIsp lU Hie semi-finalh and Phi Kappa Sigma in the uparteii finals, and had also defeated iBeta 'I^eta Pi^ Alpha Gamma Rho and Kappa Sigma before reaching the final lound, 1 Greeftberg and Fiiedman won sets foi Sigma Alpha MU fiom Keelei and Matthews of SRE Peti ty defeated Biidf to givoi Sigma Phi Epsilon one'set. Por* the last two yeais the Sig Bps have won the intermuial squash championship, and were favored to lepeat Jn this yeai’s match until Sigma Alpha Mu blasted their hopes foi anothei victory s r b WAA Will Sponsor Review Life Saying Course Ian. 26-30 Review of life saving and teaching techniques will he given to all coed life saveis in a tiaining couise of four one houi meetings to be held next Monday, Tuesday, Thurs day and Fiiday, Jan 26 30 The functions of the life saving squad are to safeguard the pool at all times, to piomote swimming activ ities and to assist students who wish to leain to swim Reooids of all life saveis aie kept and used fox recommendations foi those desuing posi tions m summei camps Fuitheiing the paiticipation oi all coeds in swimming, WAA now sponsois an open swimming peiiod eveiy afternoon fiom 4 to 5 30 p m The pool is under the supeiwision of the Life Saving coips, membei-s of which are junior and senioi Red Cioss Life Saveis eha
By Ann Wickardh f
After a two week gap iti the competitiye Riveter basketball squad will return to4he haaidwpodtlidir sbgoaMe with the Minnesota Gophers next Mondktst nighfc itt house At the practice session yeistei^ay Cbach'^ lalirtlll# drilled the Boilermaker quintet in ofTefttaive plhys m competition with the second team. Both teahiA practiced on defense tnidfer
basket and fast breaketfok
basket. "
Ih THird* Placfr
The Boilermakers hold third ptACB after the one-poiht seithack Indiana two weeks ago Beslde-tne'^ contest with Minnesota, tlie, qttfefchl
An all-campus singles table ten- tet faces a total of ten gamBB nis tournament w ill begin as soon the space of five weekSi,. (0t£. as the curient fraternity doubles- which will be held on the road. At*-
Table Tennis May In Singles Matches Ready For Opening
tournament, which has now reached the quarter finals, is completed Entiy blanks foi the singles tournament aie posted on the Fieldhouse bulletin boards Faculty members as well as students may sign up With the laige numbei of stu dents taking advantage of the table tennis facilities in the Fieldhouse, it IS expected that a great many en tries will be received for the com-
ing tournament bmp Fred Chapman
Eppa Rixey once a gieat pitehei foi the Cincinnati Reds, is the tallest man to evei play baseball mithe majoi leagues Rixey was 6 feet, 7 inohes tall
Iowa forward
•1
Man! What a Gift!
Cupid tells us that the man ip the Service wants to keep with the news and gossip of the Piirdue campus. Win his heart with a subscription to the best of all college papers
PURDUE EXPONENT
Have
you
heard?
(’pr Better Food Just follow I -i S' me to— Coffee, Shop Sweet Shop — GriBt
JIUL fisJUlduSL WjimiAmL UbtipfL The Corner of the Campus^— Yet the Center of Activities
the last meeting with the ChiptfiST} team, the Gold and Black mgh dffetl feat with a 68-70 score, nr apohs Much depends on the game Bfott.*day night, as the Minnesota team^ now stands alone in secon# pkxSsfon the Big Ten list^ with five wins"^ and one loss The Boiiemtakecs have a total of three wins and o»flf loss, and if they succeed in vnmnn^ the next game, the standing vdllihe four wins and one defeat BetWeehMonday’s game and the next Minw nesota encounter, three Big 'Een. games are scheduled, Ohio State theie Iowa here and Northwestern heie Same Combinations Coach Wait! Lambeit will probably depend on the same team combinations which brought the Bbilermakei five to the three wan—mife defeat lecoid as it now stands; Fiosty SpiQwl, the team’s leadRige scoier, Mickey Tierney, the qpialc passei and floor worker, and aid Hoffman, hard working jppuuy will piobably be cast as fogwacd choices A1 Menke, sophomore wiia has shown steady improvpiiieiih since the season began. Will l|gD|iably play centei, with Captain Don. Blanken leinfoiced at gpard hX* Bob Riley, Charles Caress or Cecil» Polk i Coach Lambert returned his tean\ to piactice Monday, to drill tics devised for a fast game^ two week period between gam^i^ was necessitated by the final ination peiiod, which waa called off when the Umveisity vrei^ on a war time basi^ The.-sevea games on the road wnll be p^ayeii*' with Illinois, Minnesota, Nor|h« western, Iowa, Ohio State, Mielu* gan and Chicago ' Standings May Change , The two victoues chalked up. by the Gopheis ovei the week-end, ovet!. Michigan and Chicago, both ip: loliP standing in Big Ten competitioidi^ bi ought the Minnesota teaiiq. Ifdtheir present lead- over the Riv^eni squad Before they meet the Bdifei maker team, a game is sche^Ie^ with the top lanking undefeated linois team The outcome ma? change the Confeienee standnfgs before the game Mbnday night
= Dr. A. fA ItiiHk I —DENTIST — ^ 11SVz Northwestern Aye. i Phbne 496S ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiniifiiiiUiiMiiniiiaH
KEEP NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACB PAtHTS. FIXTUgK — HAROVi^t John Spea^ UHWm 822-241 Mafe
Goody's Fine GoDif#ui's Shoe SfOnF In The Village 302 State
T
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES QuaKfy BAiGS^
ITus war oalkr tor evtfSFoMI^ of ^ergy, every dime we eaa muster for itMliMO|l|Ai planea>-«nd, mt the enqiuy «int « Ip Bond Hurt hiin Tpfet *||p Bond Help to htolit high with counts, HWIF* Defmwe »»np TODAY. V
' ft'*\'' 3
j
Vv
PufdUe Exponent
V ^5j -|'
I v« I
1 , V
Friday, January 23, 1942
5 \
^nate To Hold
l^lHnan Callout Today
Placemeiit Motes For Women
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLidl^
. Radchffe College announces two S'Hshman eallouts ^Vill be held fellowships of $600 each foi train-
at 4 pm today in the Senate of- peisonnel administiation foi ficeof the'Omon Dick Dibos, pies- mfomiation identof the Senate,'a 111 discuss the obtained by writing to the
inci'eased activities of the oigani 2955
satioh Swift and Co aie interested in
The Senate acts as a go between talking with women who have had
for students and facultif Among secietaiial and statistical tiaining its new duties, the Students Senate Inteiested women may sign up in IS undertaking the 01 ganizing of the the Placement Seivice foi intei prom and gala week committees and views winch will be scheduled by
IS planning a legional convention the Peisonnel Office
of student senates to be held here
c w j
Personnel Notes If any senior is mteiested in an inteiView with any of the following cOmpanihs^ complete one of the vel low “Request foi Intel \iew’ caids a supply of which is in your school office You will be notified by card front the Peisonnel Office when to schedule foi an inteiview American Steel & Wire Cleve land Ohio—Coming Feb 5 and 6 Would like to see ME EE Met CE John Deere Tractor Co W^atei loo, Iowa—Coming Feb 11 and 12 Would like to see ME and a limited number of Junioi ME s foi summei
work.
Defender Photo Supph Co Ro chestei, N Y—Tentative date foi their yisit, Feb 3 Would like to see ME, EE Ch E Sci Drackett Company Cincinnati 0»iio—Will come at a latei date if a sufficient numbei sign up Would like to see ME and ChE^—piefei sibly men fiom this section of the country, with a i adious of 200 miles from Cmncinati Dravo Corporation Pittsbuigh Pa —Coming soon Wants ME CE EE, ChE Met PSE They aie also interested in a numbei of the most promising men fiom the Junioi class in each of these schools foi summei woik Erie Railroad Co (Chicago <C Ene)—Coming Feb 6 Inteiested m ME, and EE Cleveland Ohio Rail load Co ) Hafnischfeger Corp Milw lukee Wit.—Coming soon No fuithei in formation as yet National Supply Co Toledo Ohio —Coming soon Would like to see ME Ch E Met E PSE & T I E Square D Co Milwaukee Wis — Coming Feb 4 5 Would like to see ME and EE Union Switch & Signal Co Siyissvale Pa—Coming Feb 9 No fuither inf01 mation as j et Ushco Mfg Co Inc Franl foi t Indiana—Coming soon No fiuthei inf01 mation as yet # Underclassmen Any undeiclassmen inteiested in pait time summei employment with the General Electiic Company in Foit Wayne should contact the I’eiBonnel office Repiesentatives of the company will be on the cam pus for interviews on Febiuaiy 3
and 4
For Junior Women U S Civil Seiv ice Commission announces exams foi student aid in engineering, po litical science public administiation and statistics Applications must be on file at Washington, D C not latei than Fdhiuaiy 3 Fuithei in foi mation may be obtained by call ing the Placement Seivice foi Wo men 2955 The graduate school of Syiacuse University announces 15 to 20 giaduate assistantships foi women in terested in tiaining in student pei sonnel Additional information may be obtained at the Placement Seiv ice foi Women Lever Brothers Company at Cam budge Massachusetts is inteiested in employing women chemistry ma jois in then contiol and analytical lalioratoi les Any interested stu dents should call the Placement Service immediately United States Civil Service Com mission announces an examination for junioi maiketing specialist in optional subjects daiiy products flesh fiuits and vegetables live stock and poultiy and eggs Appli cations must be on file at Washing ton D C not latei than Febiuaiy
16
Replacement Center Graduates Deutman Having completed his pie flight tiaining Haiij Deutman Ji for mei Unweisity student left the Air Corps Peplacement Tiaining Centei it Kelly Field Tex this week to be^in fight ti lining at Victoiv Field Veinon Tc\ He is a membei of the fii st wai time class to com plete the basic militai y ti lining and giound school inst uction at this replacement Centci While at the Univeisity Deut man was a nfl^mbei of Sigma Chi soc al fiatcinity and was on the ^ iisity tennis team He volunteeied foi seivice m the An Coips and Iclt school ten days altci war was declned mil Banquet Tonight Honors Team Of Poultry Judges Honoiing the Poultiy Judging Team an informal tuikey banquet will be held at 5 30 tonight at the Poultiy building All poultiy club membei s oi pi os pective membei s are invited to at tend The tickets aie pi iced at 25 cents and may be puichased fiom P R Wagnei chan man of the ban quet committee c f h
“I really can’t say when’s the best time to see Mr Snodgrass —he’s grouchy before he has lunch and afterwards he has indigestion ”
Members Of HE Staff To Attend Fashion Show On Satin day Jan 24 Misses Rosebeiiy Linck Band Palmei and Willoughby of the Home Econ omics staff will be in Chicago to at tend the fouith Spimg Fashion Seminal which is to ne held at the
Palmer House
Pi eminent American designers will be piesent to discuss the futuie of synthetic textiles created as a le suit of the piesent emeigency Ex hibits will illustiate the vaiious points concerning each fabiic d c p Phi Kappa Psi social fraternity announces the election of the following of ficeis Richard Shadfoid president Vaughan Hilk vice president Rog ti Moynahan tieasiuei William Rosenbaum house managci Rob eit De Mais coiiesponding secie taiy Robert Biodd lecordmg sec ictaiy John Arnold hi ton in Riehaid Sweetman mcssengti Jack Bahnei seige int at ai ms and Victoi Whillcy chaplain
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main
Lafayette Phone 2779
Lost Slide rule Namt engraved m edge of 1 U Between E E building- and Uni vor ity tiect Rcwaid Phone 36151
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Notices
GE 11 and GE 12 The examination tor the removal of C and I grades in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday Jan 24 from 1pm to 4 p m in room 801 of the Michael Golden Shops —RISING Chemistry Major Sesiiorg Thhse desirious of getting a job should report at my of flee room 422 Chemistry building and advise me of their training, desires as to employment and information helpful in
placing them
A number of assistantships are available for the coming school year irt the dcpait ment of chemistry Those students inter ested should report to my office at once
—DEGERING
Code Classes Students who cni oiled m the military dept dode and radio instruc tion classes see bulletin board in main hall of Armory for class rolls and sched ule Classes are now in progress
—LT BURKHART
All Students There will be a skating par ty at Maple Point Friday Jan 28 at 7 30 p m sponsored by the Lutheran Student As sociation of America Cars will leave the east door of the Union at 7 16 Everyone is invited to attend ANTAL Biology Students Makeup exams in Bi ology 1 will be hold Feb at 1 pm
—ENDERS
AIChE Student meeting Wednesday Jan 28 in loom J02 Chem and Met building
—KRAYBILL
Senior Coeds For information regarding
the Civil Seivice examination for positions
as junior technologists call at the Place
ment Service for Women Phone number
2956 —SMITH PIA Members Petitions will be accepted
for Secretary and Women s Social Chairman
of PIA before Monday Jan 26 4 pm Ex cellent opportunity for experience
—ELDER
Archery Club Important meeting for ac tives and new members Mon Jun 26 at 4 15 p m in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse
JAMES
Poultry CIuli All members plan to at tend turkey dinner honoring judging team at Poultry bldg Friday Jan 23 at 6 p m See Paul Wagner or Pat HayS for tickets —ARVIDSON Registration Workers Students who worked for the registrar during the sec 1 nd semester registiation may get their checks by calling at the Registrars office —STONE New Students Call at the ticket office of the Fi Idhouse for your passports —GOLDSMITH Ride Club Meet in Fieldhouse rifle range Saturday Jan 24 at 3 p m Big ten match with Chicago Attendance is neoe^sary —TADMAN Skull and Crescent All members desiring key must order them from Frank Hemler in or before Satxrelay Jan 24 —HEMLER Gold Peppers T rn in signed passports to Union box at West Desk by Friday aft ernoon if you want tickets for tbo basket ball tames -MURPHY
P \TRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Westmlnstot Foundation •Skating part)! on Fiiday night January 24 from 8 12^30 Meet at the University Presbyterian Church at 8 p m Refreshments and trans
portation provided
CLARK
Scrivener Inactives, Actives and Fresh men Come to the Revival Meeting Satur day Ian 24 at 1 80 p W in the Scrivener Office No admission charge —DRAY Rifle Club Meeting in Fieldhouse Rifle Range m Saturday Jan 24 at 3 p m Big Ten match w th Chicago Attendance is neccssaiy —TADMAN Lutheran Students Skat ng party will be held Friday Ian 23 at Maple Point Transportation will be piovidod leaving the Union Esbt dooi it 16 pm Anyone in viteil -HADLEY Alpha I ambda Delta Pms arc here Con tact me st WRH South loom 233 to ar lange getting yoir —CORNTHWAITE exponent Coed BusincBS Staff Sched ule 18 as follows Monday Clark Keim Riddell Elliott Tuesday Tostor Clark Riddell Payne Wednesday Foster Kcim Payne Elliott Th rsday Ri Hell Payne Elhott Fridiy Foster Claik Keim
—SIESS
All Electrical and AIEC Members So cial meetinpT on Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 30 p m m loom 2r 1 of the Electr ca! Engmccrinpr Building So md film Cop per From Mine to Market will be showi Plenty of refjpcshmcnts KING Dolphin Club Rough and formal initia tions S judiy Jan 2) at 3 p m m the pool in the Ficldho lae Pay fee to W lly Frank before then HERR Episcopal Students Communion se vice for students Sundiy Jun 28 at 8 am followed by breakfast in pan h house THORNTON Freshman Engineers Meet for Fngineei mg Lectures Saturday Jan 21 it 8 a m m the Ml SIC Hall Note Seating assign ments for both Ehza Fowlci Hall and the Music Hall ire posted nci r the mi ii on trance to M chad Gol Icn Shop
KNAPP
Cosmo Club Meeting ai 4 30 pm in room S04 ot the Union Fi day J n 23 There will be a ocial Cokes
KEI LAR
Scriveners All membcis mist bung money and rcco pt bool to offic Sat rd v aftcinoon Jan 24 I INANCE WAA Fencing Thei v II be piactces for expeuenced ind nexp lei c I 1 ncei Fiiday Jin 23 at 4 pm EMHOFF Pi Tau Sigma Impoitint meeting of all meml ers i esdav J n 2 it 4 t m in Ken I n/, R m t launel v j cr i n 1 i lo giam GRI GORY All Mole Freshmen II yo are not now eniolled in Mil I ry 1 r n n i n i I avc an> do ire to take A Iv nc I M 1 tary ii i iing yo i houl 1 enroll n B s c M 1 t ly Tiain inj, immediately GRAHAM Pistol Team Trvouts The foil vm I ste 1 fie hmen are isl 1 to itp it foi pist 1 team Iryo itb fue d y Jan 2 t the listc time 4 00 G E Browc M E B nkoi E H Coinehus J D Criste C D Emor son W J Heinzc D S Lin 1 ay P G Miller E W R e 1 veg M G Wide a 1 D P Wcstcott 00 J E Beehelei K S Burnsi lo E ^ Burrofl BCD oktj O R Hill J A ^olmai L R Hyde C E Jone R N I ir 1 L D L ke b U L J McC ib A II Wakdan 1 R R Wen It BROWN All Male Students Aviation Ca let Fx amming B aid N 1 will meet in the base
ment df the Executive buUdihg for the put pose of mtei viewing ahd ekdminmg appB
cunts for Aviation Uadet
Jan 27 to Feb 8 inclusive rob fill! infOf
matloin regarding Aviation Cadet
and application blanks apply at the Ad
jutants offica Aritiory —GRAHAM CAA Students! The following are to r^
port to Di S J Miller Student Heolll Service for preliminary medica) examma tioiis and then to Dr E L Kelly Bduca tion Building toi psychological eijamina tions Prank Aker Mac Blair Eugene, A Bohlke James A Bioeker 0 R CleveWnd William Loren Gaiho Teromo Mobvin Gdld-
uoDGir William iveiBuy --vdan Robeit Arthur Gnllofely Hrho Oscar Lappi Stephen C Lobdell John Ric^hard LundqUist Dan Mike McKirnan Hugh W McIntyre Thomas Melton Howard MeS nard thomat, G Mullins Jr Donald S Powers Walter Pozer ! evi E Ratemord Wm Frederick Richardson Albert Osborne Roberts Philip Gordon Scitner Tom George Shields Robert Mae Stqne H E Thomp son - MEIKLE
STAR SPANGLE your record library tMrqirt , \ dor 20f3j 214 11 22083 53c Do ca 1 U 41c AMEnicA rnr beautifui 3 tor 039 2'>n03 63c Dec a 2t < 47c WCHORS AWllCH V lor 27293 3c Toll b a 36f M o3c Decca 1 61 47c BATTLE H3MN OP THE BEPULIC Vetor 218 H 22083 63c (olui I) a 4 0 M sJe Dccc 2428 37c roi UMBIA THF OEM OE THE OCEAN V ylor 22803 3c Dccca I 93 2420 O’c rur MARINE S HYMN
SEMI EB riDEf IS V lor 4192 22061 20979 27291 (oil I 421 M S^IAR SI VN( lED BANNEB V lor ’073 21428 ( linl a 1 201 Dccou 1 41 21(0
m the McLean Music Store 514 Mam St
THE CALL TO TH€ COLORS IS A CALL FOR DOLLARSI
GOOD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES
More Style tor Less Money
Kane's Print
401 S 29th St
Shop
(.1
Dig deep Strike hard Our boys need the planes, ships and guns which your money will h^^lp to buy Go toiyour bank, post office, or savings ''and loan association Tell them you want to buy Defense Bonds regularly, starting now
Remember/ YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S ^ e QUALITY FOOD * e REASONABLE PRICES e FRIENDLY SERVICE a « DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
ITS TRUE!
By Wiley Padan
mm SINGS, PANCGS A RUMBA(CALLECi THE CHICA CHOCA ) SWIMS, SKIS W LAUGWS HEK WAY THROUGH MGM's WIURIOUS TWO-FACED WOMAN HOP, THE FIRST TIME IN HER CAREER THE SWEDISH SPHINX PLAYS A DUAL ROLE THAT Of TWIN SlSTfRSI
C0N5TANC€ BENNETT WEARS HER OWN MINK CAPE IN THIS NEW SMBO
Be NONCHALANT
Swear cv£R S200.OOO.
*
i
V .
Do You Want to know- • What the latest are • Where to get the latest . IN BOOKS?
Go to— LOEB’S BOOK DEPARTMENT on the second floor mezzanine THERE, the latest novels, nonfiction hooks and biographies are provided for you to borrow or purchase.
“Clarence Harrow” “Windswept” “Inside Latin America “Saratoga Trunk” “Lonely Parade”
Irving Stone Mary Ellen Chase John Gunther Edna Ferher Fannie Hurst
^ Smooth, sleek, comfortable fit. Lab oratory
MELVVN DOUGLAS V PLAYS OPPOSITE GARBO FOR* THE THIRD TIME IN THIS FILM DUPING '' THE LAST WAR POU6LA5 WAS A // SERGEANT IN THE U S ARMY, ★
BLE$$ING$
/
LorrA/n^ RAYON UNDERTHINGS At a Price You Love to Pay 50^