* I
* ?
. no paper tomorrow—
Z<1tf
FouiiM In 1889
9 DiNy Since 1906
... publicatiofi eo;; turned April ftS—
Volume 52, No. 143
West Lafayette# Indiana
Friday# March 21# 1941
V*
Cunningham Talks To Home Ec Group In Opening Session Session Ends Tomorrow After More Speeches Mrs. Minnie Fisher Cunningham, member of the AAA division of inforniation in Washing^ton and national chairman of lirban-coopera-tion for the General Federation of Women’s Clubs, will speak on “The Oefens^ Program and the Home” this afternoon at the opening session of the Indiana Home Economics Assbciation’s annual spring meeting. Prior to the address, Professer Edith Gamble, head of the department of institution management, F, A, Burtsfield, superintendent of the West Lafayette schools, and Mrs. Cunningham will extend" official greetings to the visitors. Other Speakers Other speakers at this afternoon’s meeting will include Mrs. Kramer Snethen, state supervisor of girls’ activities in N Y A, and Ruth Schooler, state supervisor of home ecohomics education. Professor F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, will close the session with an address entitled “Give Me A Man Who ” After the session the visiting women will be entertained at tea by the West Lafayette senior high school home economics department and will be conducted on trips arourid the University campus. Miss Lita Bane, head of the department of home economics at the University of Illinois and former associate editor of the Ladies’ Home Journal, will discuss “The Home In National Defense” in the principal speech on the banquet program this evening. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics will act as toastmistress while Dean of Women Dorothy C. Strai^ton will officially welcome the delegates. Miss Evelyn Blackford, Crawfordsville, state vice-president of fhe Association, will respond. Closing Session Closing session of the meeting will be held tomorrow morning in the home economics auditorium. Speaker swill include Miss Iris S. Davenport, extension specialist in clothing for the University of Kentucky; C. F. Boester, University Supervisor of housing research; and Miss Estelle Nesbitt, nutrition specialist for the state board of health. Penalty Dates . . . beginning at noon today, March 21, and continuing through noon tomorrow, March 22, a student absent from any class will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00. All day March 31 will also be a penalty period.
—From All Fronts— Joday's Summary Of War News
Chieaco Dailjr New# Foreign Service. Oepyright, IMO. Chienge Dniljr New#, Ine A stream of perambulators and carts loaded with salvaged belongings of the homeless flowed today from the worst hit areas of London, subjected Wednesday night to its most devastating air raid of the year. * ♦ “All talk about ‘conquest of the night bomber’ went by the boards as Heinkels and Dorniers swarmed over the city hour after hour,” cables William H. Stoneman. “London’s improved barrage did not even seem to annoy them.” % Sf! ❖ • New Bases An agreement between the United States and Britain on Pacific bases may be announced soon, simultaneously with the issuance of an official statement confirming the fact that negotiations on details of the Atlantic bases have been completed, London reports. “Great numbers” of troops were landed by the British yesterday at Salonika, the Greek port that serves as a back door to the Balkans, it IS reported from Belgrade. 1|I >|C I|S • Sabotage A sabotage campaign, described as the greatest ever seen in southeastern Europe, has been put into operation against the German armies by a Bulgarian underground organization, according to word from Istanbul. * >i< * A formal demand that the French government be re-established in Pans and that Germany evacuate its occupied zone from a point south of St. Denis, a suburb of Paris, has been made by Adm. Darlan, radios Paul Ghali. ^ • Infiltration “German infiltration into French and Spanish North Africa has now reached such proportions that an eaily Nazi thrust in that area seems possible,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. * * * The German - Turkish situation has been “clarified” by President Inonu’s answer to a personal message from Adolf Hitler, it was said in Beilin. Nazi spokesman declined to amplify this statement. PhiDeltaTheta . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation o fTom i Hall, Seymour; Bob Sanders, Indianapolis; Bill Cassidy, Parkridge, Illinois; Bill Newell, Stafford, Kansas; Phil Edwards, Fairmount; Charles Bird, New York, N. Y.; Ed Ruch, Indianapolis; Bill Jones, Louisville, Kentucky; and Charles Devine, Oak Park, Illinois.
New Incubators Replace Little Red Hen In Poultry Department
By Dale Butz Tucked away in the basement of the poultry building, in an atmosphere of peeps and chirps, is the relatively new-incubation laboratory of the poultry department. This laboratory is recognized as the largest and best equipped of any college in the United States. It was largely through the work of J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department, that two new incubators were loaned to the University last fall for use in teaching poultry students up to date hatching methods. These two new incubators, together with the one already in operation, brought the capacity of the laboratory up to 40,000 eggs, which means that the poultry departUient could hatch enough eggs in one hatching to supply the entire student body with an egg a day for six
days. If laid end to end, 40,000 eggs would form a solid line from the poultiy building to the courthouse over in town.'However, concrete is more suitable for pavement. The three incubators in operation at the present time are the latest thing in incubator engineering. Each represents a different type of incubator, and in each the turning of the eggs, the temperature, and the humidity are all controlled automatically. Thus man is able..to do a much better job of hatching than the proverbial little red hen. This laboratory gives students interested in poultry an opportunity to gain experience in operating up to date hatching equipment and therefore they are better prepared for jobs in commercial hatcheries afte:^ graduation.
ll-Ca-p.sMex Fixed At 3jn
Deacon Dunn To Play For Gold Pepper toups Draft Dance In South Ballroom Tonight
Women's Honorary To Announce Names
Of Newly Elected Pledges At Intermission Close
Annual Meeting Here Yesterday
Draftees and their dates will dance from 9 o’clock to midnight in the South ballroom of the Union tonight at the Gold Peppers’ Draft Dance. The music will be furnished Deacon Dunn and his orchestra from the University of Illinois. - On entering the ballroom, each couple will be given a number, which can be used to good advantage later in the evening. Pledges to Gold Peppers, senior activities honorary for women, will be announced at 10:30. The girls will be chosen for personality, scholarship, and leadership in activities. Immediately following the announcement, there will be a reception for the new pledges and faculty guests. Invitations to the dance were issued in the form, of a draft questionnaire. Eds were caHed upon to render complete case histories of themselves, including the names of the past and present pin women. They are also required to report for active duty this evening.
Season’s First
The “Draft Dance” is the first all-campus co-ed bid event of this s'eason. Luncheon attire is correct foi the evening. Girls^in charge of the dance include Aijgusta Hite, in charge of the tickets; Joyce Burnham, in charge of programs; and Ruth Bennett, in charge of the reception. Tickets for the dance are one dollar and are on sale at the west desk of the Union, the book stores, residence halls, and sorority houses. They may also be obtained at the
door, m.1.1.,
Deacon Dunn
You Pick 'Em By Joe Dolan Who IS the best high school basketball playei m the state ? Who are the best five? The best fouiteen? You’ll get a chance to answer these questions in the All-Star basketball poll which begins in today’s Ex-
ponent.
The Exponent, in co-operation with the Ihter-Fraternity Presidents’ Council, will conduct a poll of Purdue students to pick a 14man all-state team. The first ballot appears in today’s issue. The fourteen top playei s will be invited to the campus for a weekehd during the spring, and each will be given a suitable award. Each player will be guest at a fraternity, and the presidents will present the awards at a dance. Next year the Exponent will sponsor both a state football and basketball poll. Here’s a chance for you students —enrolled at the No. 1 basketball school of the nation—to show youi own ability in picking an all-state team. Clip out the ballot. Fill it out and address it to SPORTS EDITOR and drop it in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union building. If you need moie time, take the ballot home during spring vacation and have it ready when you return. Any student, graduate or undergraduate, cuirently enrolled in the university is eligible to vote, but only once. The contest will close at 6 p. m. Wednesday, April 2, three days after spring vacation. Votjhg should be done on the Exponent ballot, but, if not available, a facsimile^ will be accepted. Only senior basketball men wilj be eligible for the team, since the Exponent and Piesidents’ Council does not wish to honor players who still have more high school competition. Most high school coaches agree with this. Players must have participated in one of the sectional tournaments. One spurious name will void the entire ballot. The committee in charge of the contest includes: Dick Lynch, Gordon Peterson, Bob Hall, Mai Ross, and Joe Dolan.
Personnel Exams Offered To Seniors Applications for Student Personnel Examiner are now being received by the Bureau of Personnel. An examination, to be held in Indianapolis, must be tpken by those desiring to register for the apprentice position. The work of the examiner involves the prepaiation of examinations, gathering and treatment of statistical data, participation in the service rating and position classification program, and other personnel activities. The salary ranges from $120 to $145 per month. Pre-requisites for the acceptance of applications are graduation in 1941 from an accredited college with specialization in personnel administration, public administration, business administration, or psychology. Present graduate students specializing in these fields will hlso be eligible. Candidates selected will be appointed for a year beginning after their graduation. At the emj of the year’s service it will be necessary for the incumbents to pass successfully an examination for a higher ranking position if there are vacancies on the staff of the personnel agency. If no such vacancies occur, every effort will be made to secure employment elsewhere in the field of public personnel. The examination will consist of two parts—a written test and an interview—to be held at separate times. Those passing the written test will be called in for the interview. r.w.b.
Yesterday afternoon approximately 300 retailers, clerks, wholesalers, and manufacturers connected with pharmaceutical industry, attended the closing sessions of the eleventh annual Druggists’ Business Conference which opened at the University Wednesday morning. The closing program covered a wide variety of topics. In a discussion of advertising yesterday. Dr. Joseph Tiffin, of the University division of education and ' applied psycl^ology, emphasized the value of the personal element in contacting customers. “Even permanent types of adver-' tising copy will not bring customers into a mismanaged store,” warned Dr. Tiffin. “Intelligent selfishness calls for you to expand your own interests to include those of everybody you work with and for as well as the customers.” Herbert H. Gerding, Fort Wayne, described the methods he follows in conducting his drug store, while H. George DeKay, of the University pharmacy department, outlined the pharmacists’ laboratory products. Dean C. B. Jordan explained the recent food, drug, and costmetic regulations as well as the labelling act, and Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history, economics, and govemment department, spoke on “Communism in Action” before the morning session. During the afternoon. Dr, Ralph Clark, of Rahway, N. J., forecasted the trends of the prescription department, and Carl J. Klemme, of the pharmacy department, presented a description of the important newer remedies. Charles 0. Lee, of the University staff, discussed the results of a recent prescription ingredient survey, while the implications of radio advertising for the retailer were presented by John E. Rudolph, service manager of WLW, Cincinnati, Ohio, c.r.m. Registrations Close For New 'Physical Preparedness' Lab One hundred thirty-six students registered for” the eight - week “Physical Preparedness” course, officially known as PE 12, before the deadline yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The special co(urse will offer activities for the development > of the body and attainment of athletic skill. No more enrollments will be made. The course was created to enable all undergraduate men students who are registering for selective service and expect to be called by September 1, or who are enrolled in ROTC and will receive commissions before that date, to become properly trained for the life they will lead in camp.
Alpha Zeta
Thaeles
' .. . social sorority, announces the initiation of Marjorie Brown, Gary; Doris Freedman, South Bend; and Lois Kraus, Gary, on Sunday, Ma^ch 16.
. . . honorary for agriculture studehts, announces, the following juniors as members of the spring pledge class: E, G. Byer, Kipimell; J. T. Conrad, Lafayette; P, C. Davis, Greens Pork; J. O. Dunbar, Lafayette; H. G. McCarty, West Point; D. M. Ogilvie, Sandwich, Illinois; and Jim E. Walley, Port Wayne.
Scholarship standing's of University organizations for last semester dorp u poMoqs iq3ia )su{ poseaioi in all student index from 3.93 of the previous semester to 3.81. All women’s average was 4.001 and all men’s
average was 3.76.
Top rankings in national sororities and fraternities were taken by Alpha Chi Rho and Alpha Chi Omega with 4.55 and 4.21 averages, respectively. Other leading fraternities were Triangle, 4.30 ;Beta Sigma Psi, 4.27; Alpha Gamma Rho, 4.21; Phi Delta Theta, 4.19; Theta Chi, 4.18; Sigma Alpha Mu, 4.14; Phi Kappa Tau, 4.10; Alpha Sig;ma Phi and Phi Kappa Psi, 4.08. Run-ners-up sororities-are Kappa Alpha Theta, 4.19; Pi Beta Phi, 4.16; and Chi Omega, 4.15. All fraternity men average was 3.92 an dall sorority women average was 4.10. JSonoraries and Departmentals For honorary and Departmental organizations Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical engineering honorary, took first place with 5.47. Second was Delta.Rho Kappa, 5.40. Other leaders were Tau Beta Pi, 6.30; Alpha Lambda Delta, 6.06; Omicron Nu, 4.90; and Pi Tau Sigma and Eta
Kappa Nu with 4.88.
In Cary halls and annexes, Oliver Perkins Terry house led with a 3.98 average. Following were Cary Hall West, 3.87; and Cary Hall South, 3.84. In the Women’s residence halls, Woo(I hall led with’ 4.13. Gold and Black house led the men’s clubs and co-operative houses witii an average of 4.31. In the upper fourth were also the Citadel, 4.30; Chauncey house, 4.16; Westminster house, 4.15; Circle Pines, 4.12; and Angle Inn, 4.01.
Women’s Home Clubs
Women’s house clubs were led by Thaeles and Casa Manana with 4.16. Following were Dazian, 4.16; Glenwood house, 4.13; Novadale and Ann Tweedale, 4.07; and Otter-Be-Inn, 4.05. ^ Non-fraternity men averaged 3.71 and non-fraternity women, 8.99. Fraternity men and sorority women averaged 3.96 and non-fratemity men and non-sorority women averaged 3.77. If it is taken into consideration that in Cary Hall and WRH, all classes are included, and that in fraternities and aororities freshmen are not included, this difference, although present, would
not be so g'reat. t.b.n.
200 Hear Bennett Say 'Go Where You Will' V Miss Dorothy Bennett, author of “Sold to the Ladies” advised 200 WAA members to “go whpre the spirit moves you” at the formal WAA bapquet last night in the Home Economics cafeteria. Miss Bennett, enthusiastie former WAA president at the University of Minnesota, told about her adventures after buying a barge during her lunch hour with two other girls one day. The girls fixed up the barge themselves and found the bloodthirsty waterfront ready
and willing to help.
Eileen Westover, president of WAA, acted as toastmaster at the banquet which was carried out on a nautical theme in honor of Miss Bennett’s barge. Miss Helmr Hazelton introduced Miss Bennett. The newly elected ofiSdK^ were installed after a “launching” speech by Jane Fishleigh, vice-presides^ of WAA. , Cups were presented to the organizations having winning teams in the intramural games this year. South received the cups for swimming and volleyball. North HaU for riflery, the'wards for howling, and Chi Omega for baskethalt Numerals were presented to gir^ earning 100 WAA points, and modjern dance members were pledg^.^ ,*' - V !.' '"^jy V ‘''i^iuW/'ff;*; ‘ty^'^^Yt r '* ’ k"; ' f‘ -II '-' ' ’ ^ * t ^ '> « ^ '
n#A
>!*<) '4I ~i ^^f
V
fkxgB2—£dm
Friddy, March 2L 1941
Q^UMUUL QXfSMUML
Ether Editi By Gk>rdon Griflbt
Have you read “Inside Europe” and “Inside Asia” by John Gunther ? No^ we’re not going to review books, but word comes to us that this author is going to launch a new show* over NBC - Blue. Gunther, formerly crack European correspondent of the Chicago Daily News, is just back from South and Central America with a mass of first-hand observations with which to fill his discussions. These talks will deal with current affairs and the tide of opinion in the Americas . . . (attention, Prof. Murphy). As yet unnamed, the series will begin today at 7 p. m. and will continue weekly. , Sixteen weeks ago we announced Saturday broadcasts and now comes the opening of the regular Met the last of tiie current season. It is to be Giuseppe Verdi’s “Aida,” the most performed opera at the Metro-
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE HORROR SHOW Two First Run Chillers!
Your Skin Will Creep! Your Heart Will Leap! BORIS FARLOFF in THE APE — PLUS — THE PHANTOM OF CHINATOWN with KEYE LUKE
NO SISSIES ALLOWED
— COMING — A GIRL A GUY AND A GOB
politan Opera House. Stella Roman will be heard in the title role while Giovanni Mattinelli will sing the role of Rhadames. Lily Pons, Met soprano, will give the curtain talk, “What America Means to Me,” which concludes this series of talks by prominent Americans on “Our American Way of Living.” — g-G—--•We heard about a program director at WLW who heard about a man who heard he was about to become a grandfather. If it was a girl, ,she would be named Mary Elizabeth Warber for the two grandmothers, and if a boy, he would be named for the two grandfathers, William Lewis Warber. . . . W. L. W. The gentleman was in Chicago at the time and he got a wire stating: “WLW BEGAN BROADCASTING AT 7:06 A. M.” Incidentally, we want to wish all of you lots of fun over vacation . . . maybe it’ll be spring at home. . . . Just in case you want to eatch up on your ether snoopin’ we can’t give you better advice than to “see your local newspaper.” Oh well, ether you will or you won’t.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
WITH CHARLES BICKFORD jAMES CRAIG
ALSO-
'Winners of the West" Serial — ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
All Classes Under Personal Direction of P. M. ALLEN Nationally Known Instructor Rates Reasonable <. ALLErS
New Dancin Classes for Children Open Saturday, March 22 Enroll Now—School Open for Registration Ballett Classes BABY; Under School Age 1:30 p. m. JUNIOR: Age 6-9 3:00 p. m. SENIOR: Age 10-13 9:30 a. m. JUNIOR HIGH (Toe and Acrobatic) Age 13-18 11:00 a, m. Tap Classes BABY: Under School Age 4-6 . 2:15 p. m. JUNIOR: Age 6-9 3:45 p. m. JUNIOR BALLRQOM: Age 10-16 7:00 p. m. Adult Tap Classes Open , Beginner's Wed., March 26 . 6:30 p. m. Advanced Thurs., March 27 6:30 p. m.
6th & FERRY
PHONE 2150
ONE OF OUR
Now the Casual shoe everybody likes is ready for you in the summer colors everybody demands. See the Florsheim Coaster in Genuine White Buckskin and brown calf.
A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc.
406 Main St.
Phone 2001
Joein' 'Round By Peggy Hpward
Last night at 6:16 p. m. when all of you were gulping down the remains of your butterscotch pie, spring arrived in West Lafayette. Yes sir, spring came and tomorrow spring vacation will be here and all of you campus kids will shuffle off to Buffalo and all points west. But while you’re -trotting around the country. Spring will stay right here at Purdue. And there’ll be some changes made. The birds will start singing, the trees will start budding, and by the time you get back— There will be a five dollar fine for stepping on the^green grass! ♦ * ♦ a welcoming gesture to spring. Gold P-eppers have chosen tonight for their annual co-ed bid dance. All nven who have been drafted for the affair are to report at the south ballroom with their dates at 9 p. m. At 10:30 the ‘danceable music of Deacon Dunn will halt long enough to permit announcement of the new pledges to Gold Peppers, junior and senior co-ed activity honorary. * * ♦ The-SAE’s have also chosen tonight for their formal dinner dance. This event will be held at the chapter house with Irv Given and his band furnishing music for dancing. i|> id Id There are also several state dances in Indianapolis this weekend— The Sigma Nu’s are having their dance on Saturday night in the Columbia Club. Warpy Waterfall of Indiana will wield the baton there.
—TODAY - SATURDAY— Gay with Girls! .... Goofy with Gags!
horn NbwI by EWC HATCH IMbllENlOII.CnhlNIMS
Starts TOMORROW gtM \Vl w
CHARLEY ORAPCWIN • MARMlIlf RAMUAU OINE TIERNEY • WUIAM T«ACT mt Pm* Andrawi • EHm tuanmtvIR* > Wwd iMd - LAST TIMES TODAY - BASIL RATHBONE IN
The ^fh Column
We were interested to discover the other day that a surprising percentage of soldiers die of bullet wounds in the abdomen. In fact one whole heck of a lot of them do. But the doctors are perfecting a way to save their lives now. Which brings us to our own theory for doing so. It is, simply an expansion of the old supposition ... That a man lying on his face is hard to hit. >d ^ A * Working from that basic assumption. We believe that if he is hard to/hit in that position. It would be even tougher for a wandering bullet . . . To discover the whereabouts of his abdomen. >d * * Proving the old adage that victorious armies . . . Travel on their stomachs. iR * >l> From our usually uninformed sources, the newspapers, we are told that the Pope hgs joined the rest of the world in making speeches. And that he is hoping for an early and honorable peace. As far as we know the law making bodies of all nations have to date failed in finding any method for abridging such rights, and therefore . . . He can go right on hoping. * * * We’re doing a little of that ourselves, but we kind of run to wishing . . . That the draft board would lose our card. * >(s * Dr that Adolph might choke. * * ♦ Speaking of peace, we understand that the Japanese press maintains that Prime Minister Matsuoka’s trip
The Purdue Exlpduent
Knter^d m aecond elaat matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, ander the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the Special nte of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday daring the regnlar Eusademie year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered localljf by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Bditor-in-Cailff... JR. W. Donahne Bdsfness Manager.... Merle Hagemeyer PublicatiQn Staff News Editor.....: J. B. MeKee Managing J^itor— ...........J). K. BM^e Associate Emtots: M. A. Ochilt^e^ J. A. Purcell, W. Knffner, R. M. Sl^erup, T. L. Ttatigolt. BiuinsH Staff Local Advertleing MapagecsT D. 8. Ppwers, GvC. Landei^s; Promotion Manager, Q. P. DapglemAjer; Accounty Manager, R. J. Shadfora; Oireulktidn Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. ^D-gd Staff ' Editor 3eth Simpson Associate Editors: Mhry Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor . ...J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 . Repieeented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publlshem Representatives. 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Stoff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Day Editor: Bose Issue Editor: Jones Night Sports Editor: JohnsonB Staff; B. R. Runnion, T. B. Novey, D. W. Ochiltree, S. * E. Craigmile, R. W. Boswinkle, M. L. Losey, P. C. Howard, D. E. Butz, J. F. Zinski, C. B. McIntosh.
through the Union of Soviet Republics and ending in the Axis is entirely in the interests of burying the hatchet. The thing they failed to make clear was whether . . . They wanted a piece of Indo-China. * * * Or to bury the hatchet in the British.—dkh
The Theta Chi’s are also entertaining at the Columbia Club the same night at their annual dance. A singing contest will be featured at this affair. * * * And there you have the week-end. So goodbye till after vacation. * * Ht P. S.—^But don’t forget to give Doc Miller a breuk—if you’re coming down with the measles please trade them in during vacation for a case of spring fever, , L. Strauss TrSell Mels For Indianapolis Concert Tickets foi the concert of the University Symphonic Band, sponsored by the Purdue Assoc'iation of Indianapolis in the Murat Temple tomorrow night, have been placed on sale at L. Strauss & Co. in Indianapolis. Tickets can also be ordered by mail from Roger Sneden, Purdue Association of Indianapolis, 1508 East 59th St., Indiahapolis. Reserve box seats are priced at $1.00 each; orchestra general admission is priced at 75c; and balcony general admission is priced at 50c. m.1.1.
University of Minnesota employment bureap has placed nearly 1,200 NYA students in campus employment.
^an/R. MEDICO Filtered Smoking in FRANK MEDICO Pipes, Cigarette or Cigar Holders is bringing extra joy to armies of smokers. It'sthe wisest
TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
. IN Cblox^o 'fSL whhJWIHIAM BOYD ALSO
You will look and feel “all dressed up” on Easter Morn if your Garments have been Sanitone Qeaned.
Phone Today for Pick-Up!
SI?? American Laundry
3085
Jinudip Judlc
Scholastic Standings With the publication of the student body index it is interesting to note that grades in general are below those of the second semester of last year but higher than those of the first or corresponding semester of last year. This may or may not prove anything. To those who expected the world situation, the draft, and the threat of war to affect indexes, the publication of these figures is" a disappbintrhent. To' those would-be prophets who take into account ill-fated football and basketball seasons, the difficulty of getting back on the books after a summer of vacationing on a sailboat or traveling, or of the time spent by the freshmen in learning to study (outside of the Sweet Shop), the new figures are encouraging. They show defiiance in the face of adversity. They bespeak the fact that Purdue is doing its job regardless of Hitler, LendLease, and Prosperity. The figures for the last three semesters are as follows: Jan. 1941 June 1940 Jan. 1940 All Men 3.75 3.91 3.70 All Women 4.01 3.98 . 8.94 All Students 3.81 ' 3.93 3.74 If one looks very closely he will note that the student index varies almost directly with that of the men and that it is the women’s index that holds up consistently. And this is a man’s campus! We know ... there are more men.
Kappa Sigs befeat Theta Taus ToWin Volleyball Cnmn A strong Kappa Sigma volleyball sextet overpowgre4 a challenging Theta Tau contingent in the finals by taking twp of the three games for the Inter-fratemity championship. Both teams were undefeated going into the final match, each with six wins to their credit. The champs lost the first match 716, only to come back and win the last two by scopes of 1.6-7 and 16-12. The six members of the cham-pionship-team were Gordon Peterson, Bob Burrows, Randy Harris, Stuart Armstrong, Fred Montague, and Phil Thompson.4
- 4
pu^dm, Sxpomtd.
Pa0st 3~7lmA
ii .# k
>
South of Stato By Bale Butz
Holnties Martin, heM of the poifitry department, spoke on poulti^ jproblems at a poultry banquet held Wednesday evening at Camden. Last evening Martin spoke on ‘^Better Broilefs Boost Business” at the eloeing banquet of the Northwestern Indiana Broiler and Egg Show held tbis week at Rensselaer.
18 students, who last week completed eight weeks of training in the dai^y production short course, remained on the campus for an ad.ditional three and one-half days of infraction in dairy herd improyeinent asi^dcmtion cow testing woi:k. County agricultural agents from all sections of the state will come -to the campqs today to confer with the prospective cow testers with a view toward recommending the students to their respective dairy association for employment.
WBAA
Charles Hughes, Ag ’32, now fissistant editor of the Parmer’s Guide, addressed a meeting of the editorial, business, and circulation staffs of the Purdue A^iculturist held Wednesday evening. Hughes described some of his editorial and Writing experiences since graduating and answered questions asked by the Agriculturist staff concerning opportunities and prospects offered by the farm press field.
The State Land Use Planning Advisory Council held a two day meeting on the campus Tuesday and Wednesday of this week. The purpose of the meeting was an attempt to analyze the situation and make recommendations to the department of agriculture and other groups concerning sound policies for agriculture.
John Merrifield, agricultural interpreter for radio station WHAS, Louisville, Ky., spent Wednesday and Thursday on the campus conferring with the agricultural staff members and arranging future farm broadcasts.
To Students Registered under Selective Service A«t; Each undergraduate student registered under the Selective Service Act is requested to call at the office of the itead of the school in. which he is registered for a copy of the notice regarding classificatipn of registrant in training or preparation isaul^ by the National Headquarters of the Selective Service System. Graduate students should call for copies at Dean Dukes’ office, and freshman engineers andspecial students at Professor Knapp’s office. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, is in Chicago this week attending a convention of the National Butter Institute.
Prof. K. C. Boxell and Dr. P. R. Elliker, of the dairy department, accompanied a group of students in the market milk class on an inspection tour of Indianapolis milk markets held yesterday.
Prof. R. H. Carr, of the agricultural chemistry department, will spend next week at the Ohio Ajgricultural Experiment Station, Woorster, Ohio, ^oing over the results of experiments in agricultural chemistry and agronomy being conducted there. - ■ Junior Chemical Engineers: The Chemical Engineers going on the inspection trip can have their tickets for Prom reserved by turning in their names to Charles Dangelmajer on the trip by March 30. The Metallurgical Engineers can turn their names in to Jim Wolff. WOLFF.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
irS HEALTHY—5e SACK
So Handy
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Water-Bloc*
THE UNIVERSITY-GAB «50o If hats could talk, The UniversityGab could boast, “It takes three times as long to make me—I’m a Lee Water-Bloc and I have a gabardine band and binding to match —ahem—all for five bucks!” CEE also makes: Aetna, “The Insured Hat,” $3.50. Look for the Lee Hat signs
LEE HATS
358 Fifth Avenue, New York
U 8 PATtNt ofr
^juAhuiL. are exclusive dealers for EiEO SliAXS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new SPRING HATS Pirices $3.50 to $5.00 MOMAINST. g G ft ^ CL$THES SHOP INC.
FRIDAY 11:00—American Institutions— Prof. Robert Phillips 11:60—Purdue News Plashes 12:0d—^Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—^Meet the Band 1^:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Drama of Pood 1:16—^Afternoon Music 1:30—Jessica Dragonette 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—^Ebinciples of Socitdogy— Prof. T. K. Noss 2-50—Parade of Business 3:00—Special Musieale—West Lafayette High School 3:30—Organ Moods—Prank Reddy 4:00—Classics Matinee 4:16—The Three M’s 4:30—Student-Faculty RoundTable 4:46—Story Book Hour
On February 3, the Executive Committee approved tu^cuse from penalty day, March 22, for all seniors in Chemical, Metallurgical and Electrical Engineering who take the graduate record examination on Thursday and Friday afternoons, March 20 and 21, under the auspiecs of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Students who take these examinations will be certified to the Dean of Men by heads of schools concerned. Only those who take all the examinations will be excused from penalty day. M, L. FISHER, Dean of Men..
Playshop Lab Group Presents Three Plays In Eliza Fowler Hall Three plays, “The Robbery,” “The Cradle Song»” and “A Marriag^ Proposal,” made up the second program of Playshop Laboratory Group, presented last night in Fowler Hall. They were entirely student-managed plays, given to provide experience for novices in the theatre. The first production, “The Robbery,” was a present-day comedy directed by Josephine Stong. Pauline Marjin, Frank Crall, Charles Myers, and Claudine Chelmaniak made up the cast. A shortened adaptation of Mar-tinez-Sierra’s “The Cradle Song,” directed by Ann Pierce, was second on the bill. It is a serious drama set in a convent in old Spam. Players were John DeYoung, Vinton Taylor, Robert Maugum, and Ruth *■ McDoniels. “Marriage Proposal” was a farce comedy presented by Bill Price, Dick Kohls, and Elizabeth Grey under the direction of John Gilley.
gram list In the effiee of torn •dMol. .r-wjvet. Ah Stndente: PaMengai^ wanted to go to Detroit. Call 27X2 and aek foy itana Vtterback. VTTBBBACK. ^WS BxecBtive jBoard: No meeting this amdt. —W IJfeiitLEiN. Freshman Engineefes: Students assigned to Bngineeriiig Leetnres Will report Saturday, March 22, by Schools as follows; those whose names begin with A-E, room 101, Micha^ Golden Shops ;'F-K, room 254, Electrical Building, L-R, room 129, Electrical Building; S.-Z, room 201, Civil Building. —KNAPP.
12 00 and 5.00 this aftentoon tot eimttam measurement for Vartity Show. —vmmgxm.
Ahifitt Zeta Ptedgeai First meeUitif wilt be Friday, March 21, at 4 p. m. fit Voem 118 at Ag Bfall. —SWAIiL Retifiaiw Cmmeil Peat* OnmmHteo: Ifeeting Friday, March 21, at 4 p, nr. in room 58 of the Union. Open to all interested. —MOFwrrBiwkethall Ticket SeBera and fmtumi Cheeks may be obtained at Field Honse by presenting badges -DOAN.
Modem Dance Group: Report for first Varsity Show rehearsal, Monday, March 81 Important that everybody be there. —SWOPE
Aeromodelers Club: Meeting at 7.80 Friday, March 21, in room 261 of the Union —KNIGHT Varsity Show: Final tryouts for men and women for the ball room dancing chorus are to be held Monday, March 31, at 4 p m in the Music Hall —KNIGHT
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for side, rent and repaired. All makes ot portable typewrllew, $29.75 to $69.50. Oflfice supplies. Mimeoggsph and multigraph work. C. F. Biershoff, 905 Main St. Phone, 2779.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 1, at 7 30 p m at the north door of the EE building for inspection trip and technical demonstration of new WBAA studios —FREED
For Rent: Bns8-Rent-A«Car Service!. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 sU night. Phone 2407.
PIA Ward Chairmen: Turn in the appointments for mdh’s social chairman, men’s activities chairman, and political chairman for ward by Friday, March 21, at 6.30 p m in the PIA office —MUSSER
Lost: Small football shaped purse. Reward. Phone 65612.
CaU
Lost: Delta Chi fraternity pin 4726. Reward.
-. Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting in room 303 of the Union, Tuesday, April 1, at 7 30 p m. for election of pledges Attendance mondatory —HOLCOMB
Lost: Tan leather pnrse containing passport, pen, etc Left in women’s lounge opposite north ballroom, evening of March 17. Finder call Jeanne Moses, 6041.
Month’s California Motor Trip: Party of four share expenses. Starting soon Phone Big Robbie. 45694.
All Members of Varsity Show Cast: You must report to Playshop office between
Lost: Key ring, leather case Reward Call 4005 (East Desk)
Notices
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party Friday, March 21, at Maple Point. Meet at the Foundation House, 485 State St at 8:30 p. m for entertainment Admission price will be 30 cents for hoys, 16 cents fbr girls. —GILBERT
All Seniors: Please cheek spelling of your name for the tentative cominencemeat pro-
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON m DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S ORUG STORES 410 Main iStreet
SKE OUR NEW SPRINE STYLES FOR
T JLHMY' die OR pcorod^ noyr at our store, the new FOTtune Shoe stylesl Let us lit you today in a pah* of our new tan, two-tone or ton-qnd-white Fortune pextienos, oil leaders for fmartness, volue (md eomfoii
*4
SmtStyUsHkitr
roraniii^ I B. & W. SHOE CO. 121 N. 4tli Street
iimm
/
GOING HOME? We recommend as a gift for the family: A truly great book by a Hoosier about that uncomparable group of people— — HOOSIER— A COMPOSITE PORTRAIT by HEATH BOWMAN
,.00
*3-
LIMITED NUMBER OF AUTOGRAPHED FIRST TRADE EDITION
PBiiiiyi men and SOPPLV STORE
SWIRR ROTto the latest Popular Releases by
BLUEBIRD 35c if Had To Be You My Honey's Lovin' Arms Benny Goodman Taboo ^ Do You Call That a Buddy Larry Clinton I Came, I Saw,^ I C^Rga'd Two Little Squirrels Mitchell Ayres Oh Look At Me Now Dolores Bob Chester VICTOR POPULAR 50c Bogo Jo Open House Lionel Hampton Pyramid This 1$ Romance* Artie Shaw Birds of a Feather It's Always You Tommy Dorsey Rio Rita Penny Serenade Sammy Kaye
COLUMBIA 50c I. Yi, Yi, Yl, Yi They Met in Rio Kay Kyser Flight of the Bumble Bee Carnival of Venice Harry James Fli^t of flHeilms “ Okay for Miy Jimmy Lunceford Perfidia - Let the Door Knob Hitaha Benny Goodman OKEH 35c May I Never Love Again Walkin' By the River Ginny Simms Too Beautiful to Last You Steygted Out of a Pream Dick Jurgens How 'Bout That Moss Drum Boogto Gene Kruga What's Cookin' Hey, Hey, Sit Dawn Bud Charlie l^iyak
in the McLean Mnsk Cn»
A I ■ ? A-**
iU- > !' ^ 'ij.
fiacfH^-SpofdA
Ftiday, Mmch 21, 1941
fijukduM, £xpoiUMt
Riveter Swimmers Face Ft, Wayne Squad Today Hoping to increase their current season’s record to 7 wins out of 10 starts the Riveter mermen will journey to Fort Wayne Where they will meet the Fort Wayne YMCA tonight. The^ Boilermakers have beaten the Fort Wayne team once before this year, so they are favored to take this one also. There is an indication that sev- -
eral of the Riveter tankmen will be trsdng for new records at the Fort Wayne pool tonight. According to Coach Papenguth, Carney in the 220 yard event, Kratzer in the 100 yard, Williams in the breaststroke and the 400 yard relay team •have fine chances of cracking some of the very fast records posted at this pool. Following the meet tonight 7 members of the squad will return to the Boilermaker institution, where they will work out twice each day until the National Inter-Colleg-
iate starts on March 28. Coach Pa* penguth had much praise for these boys, since they are willing to give up their spring vacation to help advance swimming to a higher standing—maybe to the status of a major sport here at the Riveter camp. On April 4th and 6th the National AAU meet will take place at the University of Michigan Fieldhouse pool. The same squad which will go to the Inter-Collegiate meet will compete in this with the exception of Anchor, the backstroke artist.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4-th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Locksmith
• Jewelers
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrs 209-11 N. 5th 5t. Phon* 2828
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Hardware
• Dairy Products
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
$
$
for your
USED BOOKS
^ and
Drawing Instruments We pay 50% in cash for books in good condition, which will be used at Purdue next semester.
Highest cash price on all other books whether used at Purdue or not.
University Book Store
M C. "Red SAMMONS, ’29
R. W. "Doc" EPPLE, ’40
Airosf form the Union Building, Next to the College Inn
An Irishman’s Illusions By JOE DOLAN
On this page this morning you read of a new all-star team; it’s our idea of an all-Hoosier high school quintet to be chosen from a fairly reasonable representation of Hoosier high school students who, although not a “kid” anymore, still follow the National game of all true hicks from Indiana with real enthusiasm. —I-I— I firmly believe that if anyone can choose an all-state team it’s those who definitely know the kids who are, or who have been throwing basketballs, through holes for the past three months. Therefore, today, and continuing through vacation and part of the week after, we are holding a contest. _I.I— Just clip the following ballot, fill it out with your idea of a real all-state club, and address it to the Exponent Sports Editor. —I-I— Some of the leading ball players thus far are: Bob Ulm, Vaughan and Lange, Lafayette; Minor, Froebel of Gary; Ehlers and Martens, Central of South Bend; Server, Madison; Sharpe and Young, Rushville; Ecoff and Turner, Anderson; Hankins and Campbell, Kokomo; Young and Cowan, North Side of Ft. Wayne; McKenzie and Grimes, Burris of Mijincie; Mangin, Washington; Blackburn, Bedford; Williams, Colfax; Shriner and Bryan, West Lafayette; Smith and Van Schepen, West Point; Koontz, Newcastle; Rusk and Reagan, Stockwell; Tweedy, Muncie; Unroe and Witsman, Frankfort; Kramer and Shimala, Hammond Tech; Mcjrris, Lebanon; Blemker, Huntingburg; Biddle, Brookston; McKinney,-Lynville; Rowland, Martinsville; Hoehammer, Bryant; Bass, Greenwood; Parker, Whiting; Jones, Twelve Mile; Butler, Decatur Central; Pfeifer, Jasper, and Davis, Elwood. —I-I—
Riveter Diamond Squad Heads South Tomorrow Tomorrow morning spring vacation will begin auspiciously for nineteen members of the Riveter baseball squad, as, bright and early at 6:00 a. m., they start the long trek by automobile down to Pensacola, Florida. Including the coaching staff, 24 men jn all will make the trip which is scheduled to take all day Saturday and Sunday, with Decatur, Alabama the overnight stop. Following last year’s schedule exactly, the team, after arrival at Pensacola, will play three games, one per day, with the squad from the Naval Air Station. This trip is the seventh successive .
POSITION NAME SCHOOL Forward Forward Forward Forward Forward Center Center Center Center L Guard Guard Guard Guard ~ Guard SCHOOL YEAR ALL-STATE BALLOT ADDRESS YOUR NAME
Applications Due Today For Bridge Tournament Today is the last chance for parties wishing to play in the all campus bridge tournament to make applications for entry. These blanks are due today at the West desk in the Union where they can be found. The first round of this tournament will be held Saturday afternoon, April 6, in the North Ballrodm, and this round will be followed by a second qualifier, two semi-finals, and a final play-oif for the championship.
Beta Sigma Psi . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Charles Bosma, Beech Grove; John Gaik, Niles, Mich.; William H. Peters, Ft. Wayne; Walter Rafert, Indianapolis; Paul Seehausen, Indianapolis; Edward Truman, Elmore, 0.; and Marlin Yoder, Auburn.
southern jaunt for the Riveters but only the second time the team has engaged the lads from the “Annapolis of the Air” in a three game series. Out of the 19 diamondmen to make the trip, but seven have ever made it before, and only two men, Frank Danowski and Bud Fisher, have gone South for their full three years. Fojur Coaches Along The squad will have a plentiful supply of coaches to keep them on the ball under the, balmy Florida sunshine. Dutch Fehring, “Pop” Doan and Burt Sanders will be ably assisted by Carmen- Hill, former Gold And Black Relay Team In Tilt Tomorrow Winding up their indoor season, Coach Hermon Phillips’ track team will be among the star-studded line-up of thinclads at tomorrow’s Chicago Daily News Meet in the Chicago International Ampitheater. The one mile relay team comppsed of Bob Ten Eyck, Paul Anthony, Bob Wente and Bill .Bancker has been invited to compete. Fourth In Conference The last time a Riveter mile relay quartet took to the track was in the Big Ten Indoor Meet when they came in fourth in the conference. Complete sellouts of available tickets for the past three years attests to the p'opularity of the Chicago affair. The Riveters are looking for an improvement in their relay combine. Coach Phillips was pleased when the quartet came through with a fourth in the recent conference classic; however, he hopes they may do even better than that. o.t.c.
The University of New Hampshire motion picture library in 1940 served nearly one-fifth of the state’s population.
pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates, who has consented to aid in the coaching. After the three days spent at the „Air Station, which .incidentally will eee the squad living under almost full military discipline in the barracks, the group will journey up to Auburn, Alabama for another three game series with Alabama Polytechnic Institute, which by the way, is just a fancy name for a school better known as Auburn. These games will occupy Thursday, Friday and Saturday ,with practices being held in the morning, as before, and the regular games in the afternoon. 19 On Traveling Squad Following are the names of the players who are to make the trip south: Don Blanken, Bill Carson, Mike Bylene, Walter Cook, Frank Cortese, Frank Danowski, George Merle Gantz, Hank Holfman, John Doherty, John Emmert, Bud Fisher, Janisch, Walter Leifheit, Red McAdams, Forest McCaffry, Harry McFerren, Dick Meyer, Chuck I^wles, and Wes Waterhouse. It was not until late yesterday that the complete list was announced and then the competition was so close the last few names were selected by the drawing of lots. This afternoon the last practice will be held before the squad heads southward tomorrow. It is hoped that the team will be allowed another day out on the regular practice field, a privilege which has been denied them thus far because of the inclement weather. Yesterday, in fact, was the first time that the diamondmen had a chance to practice out of doors together in preparation for the coming week. Six Days—Six Games The full week ahead of them, with games on six straight days will help to prepare the team for the coming season -which begins on April 10 with a home encounter withNotre Dame. Immediately after their final game with Auburn next Saturday the squad will leave for home and will probably arrive late Sunday afternoon, j.s.k.
V. Beauty Salon
MORE and STILL MORE SPRING DRUG VALUES Jolly Jack and a Baby Ruth 6c 50c Vifalis 39c 35c Mum 29c Coty Perfumes 4 odors.—$1 Yardley Shaving BowL $1 See us for your films for spring XX, FX and V UNIVERSITY DRUi; GO. Free Delivery , Phone 4094 or 4095
To Meet a Need Means More to You Than Just to Meet a Price Our service in dry cleaning dates back a quarter of a century, and we have learned clothes need more than “just cleaning and pressing.” That’s why Crown gives you more. Your clothes need the protection MONITE moth proofing gives. Your clothes need the many little “extras” every garment receives that goes'thru Crown’s rigid inspection.
riME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
- yt