i
, < ,, I, U^ii^j-J ., <1 ‘ i I ^ ^ )i ^ ^ ^ ,1,1.^ .) , , '■(,;' '* , <4/^
b''
SPECIAL COED PAGE Today; See Columns, Features, Editorial
Eitablished 1889
xfumeiit I Dally Since 1906
BIG TEN BASEBALL Season Opens Today With (llinois Game
Volume 53, No. 170
West Lafayette^, Indiana
Friday, April 17, T942
Trustees Anneiince University Staff Changes Soloist To Appear Fishcr, Dllkcs Will Rctfr6 Trustees Approve
At Concert Sunday Martha Lipton, who holds the title of “America’s Prizewinning Contralto,” will be the featured soloist at a special concert to be held at 3 p.m. Sunday afternoon in the Music Hall. Miss Lipton was born and reared in New York City and received much of her musical education from her mother, Estelle Lipton, a noted concert singer of her day. Miss Lipton’s talent was only slightly apparent dur- ; ing her childhood, and it did Tf\ not become prominent until DOyllw I U wl&y
she was singing in a group
kJAUV/ *» UAkJ AAk C* A. V/M ■MS A d 0 around a campfire at a girls’ ]pQ|*
summer camp. Her success at the camp decided her on a concert binger’s career, and bhe began an intensive training period to train her voice for the concert stage.
Lipton Wins Scholarship
In 1937, Miss Lipton won a scholarship to the Julliard Graduate School of Music in New York. This achievement was followed by addi-
Tomorrow
Verle Bogue and his “Music in Vogue” will furnish the music for tomorrow night’s mixer in the North Ballroom of the Union from 8:30 to
11:30.
Bogue, who appealed here last
(DEfiKJ
tional laurels won in the Younfe year, started out as a “singing door-
Artist contest sponsored by the MacDowell Club. Her success in the Young Artist contest entitled her to a concert in NeW York. This was he^‘ first official concert recital. Then followed extensive radio appear-
ances; sh? appeared on the Radio Brice Jo 1 revail
man" and from there became a vocalist on'WOWO and leader of his own band. His pleasing baritone voice and master showmanship make his organization a definite attraction. $
City Opera of the Air, Walter Damrosch’s Magic Key program, and many other operatic programs. Last year Martha Lipton captured her greatest prize. She won the $1,000 award from the Young Artists’ Contest sponsored by the National Federation of Music Clubs
Although Bogue has played mainly around the Middle West, his “Music in Vogue” has been enthusiastically received wherever the band has appeared. He has been featured at such spots as the Inglaterra Ballroom in Pcoiia, Illinois; Lake Geneva, Wisconsin; Summit Beach Park, Akron, Ohio; and the Waldamcer Beach Park, Erie, Penn-
and was hailed as one of the major
talents discovered in the 2G years of gylvania.
Ibc Federations Yoyng Artists’CQii- regular mixer admission tests. Shortly after the contest she pii(.c of $1.10 will prevail,
appeared on the Voice of Firestone program and was awaidcd $600 by Harvey S. Fii'cstone Jr. Her caieei since has been acclaimed a success in both concert and national radio
programs.
First Young Artist To Appear This is the first^ University convocation to introduce a young artist who shows definite promise of attaining fame, according to Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the UniV e r s i t y convocation coinimttco. 'Ihus, the interest shown by tlie stu-
dents and public at the pi ograni will the passageway to the Music Hall
Executive Building Foyer To House Oil Paintings Of John Purdue, Earhart John Purdue’s picture has been moved from Eliza Fowler Hall to the Executive building. It was badly soiled by exposure, but it has now been patched up and cleaned and will hang close to the entiance of
WBAA To Inaugurate Barn Dance Program For Rural Enjoyment WBAA, continuing with its allout program to keep the Hoosier farmer well supplied with good entertainment, will inaugurate a new program this Satuiday to be known as the “WBAA Bain Dance.” The program will make its debut at 1:30 p.in. and will continue foi half an
houi.
Local Talent To Play “WBAA Bai n Uance” will highlight the outstanding talent from Tippecanoe County and other parts of Indiana and will be devised solely to bring the faimei; and his family entertainment. The 30-m i n u t e broadcast will contain fun and frolic, while featuring a four or five piece band with guitar players, soloists, and comedians. Bill Warrick, member of WBAA student staff, will announce the progi am. Scheduled to be held in the audience studios in the basement of the Music Hall, the new jirogtam will be open to the public fice of cliai-ge.
determine the type of convocations to be presented in the futuie. Admission tp this final program in the convocation scries will be by season ticket, student passport, or general admission tickets, which will be on sale to the public at 56
ceiits.
Graduation Review Honors^ Seniors Climaxing four years of training in the University RO’l'C corps, the senior cadet officers of the first brigade yesterday were honored at the final corps day review of the semester*. This “Graduation Review” was also the highlight of the annual Fifth Corps Area inspection and will continue today with Colonel Staikey, Lt. Col. Curcton, and Lt. Col. Weston attending classes and drills to determine the ROTC unit’s lanking in the Fifth Corps Area. These officers, who represent Major General Van Voorhis, Commanding General of the Fifth Corps Area, have for the past two days been attending classes to deteiininc the average level of instructions in administration, ae,iial photograph r e a d i 11 g, military fundamentals, gunnery, history, materiel, motois, policy, reconnaissance, communications, tactics, topography and drill. War Causes Choir To Cancel Tours
It w'lll hang iiermanently in this
place.
Other paintings to be hung in the hall at this time are portraits of Amelia Earhart, John T. McCutcheon, Paul “.Spots” Eniiick, and Dean Cora Shoemaker. Since there is room for eleven pictures in the group, more will be decided upon
later.
A committee will be appointed by Preseident Elliott to decide wliose pictures will hang in "the hall. All of the pictures except John Purdue’s will be rotated from time to time. ASCE Holds Annual Banquet In Union George T. Seahury, secretaiy for the American Society of Civil Engineers, was the featured speaker at the annual bammet of the University and Rose Polytechnic Student Chapters of the Indiana section of the society. The banquet was held yesterday at (i p. m. in the Union. As in the past years, practicing engineers of the state attend-
ed the dinnei.
Society Helps Governiiieiit Seahury has seived as secretary of the Society since 1926, and as a representative of the society he has played a prominent pai t in engineering activities in Washington and other parts of the country m connection with the war cmeigency. The society has been active in the support of the government’s program to speed up production and pioviding housing and transportation for our aimed foices and sup-
plies.
Prom Programs Junior Prom dance programs may be obtained upon presentation of Prom ticket stubs at the cashier's office in the Executive Building today from 8 a. m. until 4:30 p. III.
Ewing Heads
EE School
Several major changes in the administrative and teaching staffs of the University were made today at the quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees. Announcement of the trustees’ action was made last night by President E. C. Elliott. The changes are as fol-
lows:
Retirement of Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, June 30, to bte succeeded by Fred L. Goldsmith, assistant dean. Retirement of Dean R. G. Dukes of the Graduate School, June 30, to be succeeded by Dr. E. C. Young, assistant dean and professor of farm manage-
ment.
Appointment of Di. D. D. Ewing as head of the School of Electrical Engineering, to succeed Dr. C. F. Harding, who died of a heart attack Monday. Poorman Replaces Dukes Appointment of Prof. A. P. Poorman as head of the Applied Mechanics department for one year, succeeding Dean Dukes, piesent head of that department, who becomes professor emeritus of applied mechanics. Retirement of T. A. Coleman, associate director of agiicultural extension, who has been on leave the past year, and appointment of L. E. Hoffman, as his successoi, effective July 1. Hoffman has been acting in this capacity the past year. Retiiement of Pi of. G. A. Young, foinier head of the School of Mechanical Engineering, who has been on leave of absence the past year because of ill health. Pi of. Harry L. Solbcrg was named as his successor a year ago. Topping Retires Retiiement of Pi of. George W. Munro, Mechanical Engineering, and Pi of. A. N. Topping, Electrical Engineering. Prof. Topping will remain part time on the staff. Deans Fisher and Dukes, and Professors Young, Munio, and Topping have all reached the retirement age of 70. “The Board considered an important proposal for reorganization of the various student services, includ(Sce FACULTY, page 4)
Dean M. L. Fisher
Defense Training Classes To Offer Two New Courses Two new defense training classes, one in engineering chemistry and the other in production metallurgy, are opening here this week as part of the University’s program authorized by the United States office of education. Twenty-one men and women enrolled in engineering chemistry, which will rneet two nights a week for eighteen weeks, met Monday with William Shapiro of the chemistry departiinenl staff as instructor. The class of fifteen students in production metallurgy, which will meet twice a week for twelve weeks, met last night in room 113 of the Recitation building with Tom McCormick, chief metallurgist at the Aluminum Plant as instructor. Features Class Work Classroom discussion and laboratory work in engineering chemistry will cover much the same material freshman college chemistry covers, giving the student a practical working knowledge of the chemical elements and properties of matter. Production metallurgy is'a general survey of methods of producing metals and their alloys. Additional applications will be accepted this week for both classes in loom 211 of the EE biulding, phone 7311. The training is available without cost to high school giaduates, both men and women.
Training Program Final approval for a program to establish a training center for naval electricians here was given by the University Board of Trustees yesterday, upon receipt of the proposal from Rear Admiral John Downs, commander of the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. The first 200
^ of a total contingent of 800
J. A. Thompson, 95
r I ■ ■ Under present plans, the I/ICS rroin injUriSS men wm be housed and fed m
Cary HaUs, and will receive in-
Of Alltn AffiflPnt Stmctlon^ in electrical engi> wl HlilV WWIUdll neering as part of] the'Engineering ^ J c<. J Defense Training Program at the
CE Grad Starred university.
On Football Team second Group Comes Soon
The second delegation of 200 will
John A. (Jack) Thompson, a arrive June 15, with the remaining member of the first champion foot- two groups expected by September ball team of the University, died i. Each group, to be sent from the April 12 of injuries received in an Great Lakes Station, will be given automobile accident north of Co- a four month’s basic course in elec* lumbus. tricity in cooperation with the naThompson, a ’95 graduate of the tion-wide effort to speed up this Civil Engineering School, was a star aspect of war work, football player during his college The capacity of Cary Halls being days and was the fiist football only approximately 1,000, no plans coach of the University of Ken- have been announced as yet contucky. He started his college career cerning^the status of students Who here at the University, where as a would live in the Halls imder nor-140-pounder in the old days of foot- mal conditions,
ball giants and flying fists, he was
a star player on the old University ProfOSSOrS
'42 Junior Prom Features Spivak^ Pearl In Union Tonight From 9 To 2
Prom goers will take over the Union Building tonight as the 1942 Junior Prom, featuring the music of Charlie Spivak and Ray Pearl, opens ill both ballrooms and the new cafeteria. Spivak and his orchestra will provide the rhythms for the ball-
Since chartered transportation service is not available duo to the
emergencies of the war, Albert P. /nKITL Stewart announced yesterday that PfOf. f\. N. I flOmaS
it hud been necessaiy foi his University Concert Choir to cancel three engagements which had been scheduled for Wiednesduy, Api il 15. The Choir was to have sung at Lebanon Wednesday moiniiig, at Anderson just before and during the noon hour, and at Elwood in the
afternoon.
Charley Spivak
... of the department of history, economics and goveininent will appear on the program at the annual ineeting of the Midwest Economics Association at Davenpdit, Iowa, this weekend. Thomas will discuss the topic, “Teaching Economics to
Engineers.”
rooms while Peail and his hand will entertain danceis in the cafeteria. Admission to the dance may he obtained upon piesentatioii of iiasspoit along with the tickets. Owing to the curtailment of coed hours, this yeai’s Piom will end at 2 a. m. with the dancing beginning at 9 p. m. Coed houis are set for 3 a. m. Bobby Gleason will reign as Jun-
ior Prom Queen tonight along with her court composed of Jane Burkholder, Virginia Fox, Jeapette Haynes, Jeanne Moses, Dotty Sicb and Kay Webber. Dick Ball, Prom chairman, escorting Mary Louise Douglas and Frosty Sprowl escorting Queen Gleason will lead the grand march which will begin at approximately 10:30. Following the giaiid march, Piom committee membeis, the Prom Queen and her court, their escorts and special guests will altend a reception ill the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Sunset Music Ray Peail and his orchestra, presenting their “.Sunset Music” to dancers in the new cafeteria tonight, comes directly to the campus from engagements at the Maduia Danceland and O’Henry’s Ballroom in Chicago. Although a comparatively youthful oiganization, the band has jilayed at many of the nation’s leading balliooms and suiiper clubs and has a long list of broadcasts over the niajoi networks to to its Creilit. Pearl’s engagements include a;)pearances at the Gibson Hotel ui Cincinnati,^ the Dayton Biltmore Hotel in Dayton, the Blackhaw'k Restauiant in Chicago and the Aragon and Trianon Ballrooms in Chi-
eago.
Less than two years ago Charlie Spivak, former top-flight free-lance trumpeter, struck out on his own,
forming a musical organization which W'as destined to follow the meteoric path to fame similar to that taken by Glenn Miller’s band. In his fust big booking at the Glen
Ray Pearl
Island Casino Spivak bioke eveiy' existing attendance recoid at the ])opulai summer spot.
Band Of ’41
Last year Chaihe’s band was picked by a majority of the musical trade journals as “The Band of 1941.” His greatest triumph to date was his engagement last August to play for the annual Harvest Moon Ball in Madison Square Garden.
elevens.
Thompson Played On Team of ’92 He was a player on the ill-fated football team of ’92 that met with a train accident en route to play Indiana University. The Memorial Gymnasium was built in memoriam for this team. Thompson played right halfback, wnile A. P. Jamison of Lafayette, secretary of the class of ’95, served as his running mate in the position of left half-
back.
Thompson went to the University of Kentucky in 1891. He played on the football squad and also had the job of coaching the team. In those days players and coaches switched back and forth, and only had to be registered in the University in order to play on the team. Formerly Employed By Government For the last several months, Thompson had been employed in the land acquistion department of the War Department. He was enroute from Columbus to Edinburg at the time his car was involved in the fatal accident. Mullison Receives Grant For Research Dr. W. R. Mullison of the Experimental Curriculum for Women has been awarded a grant by the American Philosophical Society. The Society which is the oldest scientific group in America, each year makes a few such grants to aid research projects of outstanding merit and
value.
Dr. Mullison, who came to the University in 1940 from the University of Chicago, teaches the biological survey course in the Experimental Curriculum and couises in botany. He will use the money for an investigation of the intei relationship of calcium and nitiogeii as it affects plant metabolism. Delta Gamma Elects Semester Officers Delta Gamma, social sorority, recently elected the following ofticeis: Rita J. Hill, president; Mary Gi’ace Minkler, vice pi'esident; Jeanne Bucknani, secietary; Martha Lee Riggs, corresponding secretary; Alice Coe, treasurer; Natalie Lowey, rush chairimui; Virginia C r e s o n, Aiichora coriespondent; Mary Jane Stone, scholarship chair-
man.
Initiates Aiiiioimced On March 7 the following weie initiated to Delta Ganiniu: Jaequelynne Cair, Mary Ann Click, Dorothy Dittmann, Frances Fisher, Betty Harrison, Ruth Ami Job, Patricia Miers, Bettee Poole, Betty Purcell, Ruth Purcell, Ruth Ralston, Lois Reimann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carol Robled, Baja Rowdabaugh, Mary Jane Stone, and Betty West.
To Attend Meeting Of >1MS In Chicago Fifteen members, of the - the department of mathematics will leave today for Chicago to att^d the 388th annual meeting of the American Mathematical Society, which will be held at the University of Chicago today and tomorrow. Prof. W. L. Ayres, head of the department of mathematics at the University, is in charge of the meeting. Professors H. F. S. Jonah, M. S. Webster, H. K. Hughes, G. T. Miller, and Dr. J. W. T. Yoimgs are the other members of the faculty who are accompanying Prof. Ayres. Jonah To Speak This morning’s session will be divided into two groups: geometry and .^the theory of numbers and mathematical analysis. Prof. Jonah wilF speak on “Congruencies Connected with the Solution of a Certain Diophantine Equation.” The national conference will be held at the University of Minnesota next year. Sigma Xi Will Hold Initiation Tomorrow Membership to Sigma Xi, tional science research honorary, will be given to one alumnus member, 52 active members, 30 graduate associates, and 16 undergraduate associates at the annual initiation in the Faculty Lounge of the Union tomorrow at 4 p. m. Dinner Follows Initiation Following the initiation will be the annual Sigma Xi dinner at 6:00 in the South ballroom. Tickets for membei's, initiates, and their guests may be purchased from Prof. DeVries of the chemistry department for eighty-five cents. At 7:30 in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall, Dr. K. K, Chen, dnector of Pharmacologic Research of Eh Lilly and Company, will speak on “Some Recent Studies on Alkaloids” at the final of the season’s series of lectures. The meeting is open to the public. Playshop Annoui^ces Deadline For Pic^hic Tomoirow noon all reservations for the annual sp,ririg picnic of Ruxilue Players and members of the cast and Clew of “The Male Animal” must be made with the Playshojt secretary in Fowler Hall. The picnic will be held Tuesday aftei'iiooii and evening. The pair^cL pants are to meet at 4:15 o’clock Qa the steps of Fowler Hall and then, will proceed to the picnic grounds behind the stadium. In case of Xfdn the affair will be held in Fowltffr
^Hall.
' *1 4$>WA
*
Fridixy^
I tr
Coed Feature Page
^^UMue Exponent AlUAmerican 1940-'4l Offices: Ediforial and Business; Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p. m,, 5377
■BaUbir-Sh-CRfet ...'. News Edi»or Manaeine Editor Business Manager Circulation Managrer Coed Editor
John P. Aimoa Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong; .. William D. Millard :... Ken K. Gjcmre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff ' . , Associate Editors Editorial Staft; R. W. Boswinklo. D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins, A. P. Hunter, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert, Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E, L, Karpick, R. W. KrieRcr. , , T^ ■ Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Doris Pickering. '* Business Staff Coed Business Manacer: Julia Martin. Advertisins ManaRcrs: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager; G,. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. , Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keinu
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Butz Day Editor: Pickering Issue Editor: Marion Sports Editor: Karpick Reporieis: Vermilion, Richardson, Fawcett, Watson, Scheid, Ackerman,' Hass; Beall, Hunter.
pjnierea 89 seettnu. ciu»s tiiut-ici a*. i»««; waas^%. ett€» indiaiia. under the act of Congress of March 3» 1879, and tot the fecial, rate, of postag^e provided for in .Bectjqp 1103. act of Octdiier .1, l91?,’authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily .except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the sumnier Session, Delivered l^ally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subacriptibns, $4.00. . • Represented for national advertising by National. Advertising Service, Iiic., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison AVe., New York, N. Y.
tmer an
d
t..
on
fdteteM First . Wednesday afternoon a group of gilds who have expressed their intentions of being couniSelors for the freshmen and transfer students next fall met to hear Dean Stratton give them a few suggestions about how they could perform their tasks more efficiently. Every year the Associated Women Students sponsor this training program, organize the counseling system during the summer and supervise .the program in the fall. The training program is being conducted at at present time, and mahy girls have attended the meetings and have indicated that they wish to counsel other girls. One of the qualities that a girl must have in order to be a good counselor is interest. She should be interested in learning how to do her job Well and therefore should be concerned with the advice which is given in this series of lectures to acquaint the girls with the problems which will confront a counselor. If a girl is not interested in training herself to be a good counselor she should not waste the time and effort of those sponsoring the program. Girls who are half-heartedly supporting the program only cause confusion in the meetings and annoy the girls who are truly interested. They also cause more trouble for AWS officers who are organizing the program. When they lose intei,^est in the summer or forget to contact counselees in the fall, the officers have to find new counselors for freshmen. Many good counselors are needed for such a pi’ogram as AWS is attempting to carry out. However a few good counselors can accomplish more in orienting freshmen to university life than many disinterested girls who only want to get a look at the freshmen in the fall. Thei'efore, it would be wise for those whomever intend to counsel freshmen to quit now and give the girls who are interested an opportunity to become good counselors, a.c.
By Eris Holland Here wo arfe again, back where we were last week at this time. We’re ready to stai’t another one of those crowded weekends. Say girls, how did you like the review last week, turnabout is fair play. It gave us our chance to review^ seeing as how the boys do it from steps of the buildings around on cainpus. The bigghst thing this weekend by far is Prom. It should hi? plenty smooth, what with Charlie Spivak and those 'rtew Prom formals. Yes, it’ll be plenty smooth, and plenty crowded. But then; we should all know how to dance in a space of one square foot by this time. The only people I feel sorry for.are those people with hour tests on Saturday morning. Tough luck! ■ ' ■ , Real Dancing Begins Saturday , If you can Stand to stay up later thkh ten on Saturday you can undoubtedly find some place to go arid really dance. Of course there is always some group of energetic people, and this time it’s the Phi Delts with a picnic scheduled for tomorrow afternoon. Radio dances are running rampant over the campus toiribrroW ei^ening. The Phi Mu’s are going over to the West Faculty Lounge for theirs. Over at the Phi Kappa Sig house one is scheduled, while the Betas, Acacia’s, and Triangles are all dancing at their respective houses. WAA Sponsors Penny Carnival How could we forget that Penny Carnival the WAA is putting on? It’s Saturday evening too; and if you’re headed for it, the destination is the women’s gym. Good place to go if you want to have a good tiiVie. • . This weekend even Sunday isn’t to be outdorie. In the afternoon there is to be another* Sunday afternoon cpnyo.' The convo is to'feature Martha Lipton, a contralto. It looks like a good program, and it’s a grarid Way to spend your Sunday afternoon. Musicians Hold Annual Party , Sunday night the annual Musical Organizations party is to be held at Lincoln Lodge. Only those for tunate people who belong to one of the organizations may attend. It’s been said that Miss Lipton might be present. Ah-h-h, arid she’s pretty too. Well, well, hdw time does fly! We’Ve gone right Up to Sunday night and we still have the prospects of those ■ Monday morning blues in the form Of eight o’clocks. Someone warned me school would he like that, but I didn’t believe them—then.
“—and with a few drinks under their belts they’re the finest demolition squad in any army—every man has had years of experience at every sort of party.” Coeds Drive Army Trucks in Defense Motor Course
Te66
By Martha Lou Riggs Everywhere we have seen the defense- theme emphasized on canrpus, and now it is also reflected in our coeds’ styles. Have you noticed some of these yet? Color? Flashing and gay colors that naturally accompany military fervor are our choices this year. We need them to keep up ours and our associates’ spirits. . ;/ Brass buttons! Ever since war has bceri. a worldwide issue, brass buttons have had their place in milady’s wardrobe; but now they come even more to the fore—everyone’s doing it! Dresses For The Duration Generally, though, -women are trying to conserve this year. Fewer buttons, zippers, and other metallic fasteners or accessories have been used recently. They have been replaced with di'esses that are simpler and practical enough to last for “the duration.” Standard man-tailored dresses and suits were the favorites for Eastei* this year. As for the rubber shortage—well, we won’t be wearing our rubber bathing suits this year. (We will be lucky with a cap.) Additional strenuous activity for defense projects will trip down those excess pounds so we can do very well without “elastic control”—I hope. We will not be able to wear rubberspied saddles much longer, and we’ll regret, that. Hats though—you can not depend on women to standardize them; you just can’t. Even this year they are still all sizes and every shape, but they are vei-y attractive and becoming enough still to have our appioval. When the oi-igiiiality that women exercise in styling their hats is sacrificed for defense, there will no longer be any other; true American spirit to defend, I’m sure.
DeqnMatthetvs Makes History In Own Right As A Pioneer In The Home Economics Field By Charlotte Hass ^^ —
Development of the School of Home Economics and the name Dean Mary L- Matthews should be thought of simultaneously in the minds of all University coeds. Back ill 1912, Dean Matthews was brought to the Uriiver.sity and appointed head of the department of Home Economics, which was then in the Science School. There were about 50 girls regi.stered in the University and most of them lived in Ladies’ Hall; it was in the first floor of this buildirtg that the Home Eco-
nomics classes met. Now Special School
With this rather crude beginning, Dean Matthews has made the Home Ec curriculum a separate school in a new building and. developed the field here until at the present, this University i.s known throughout the United State.s .for its fine arid complete Home Economie.s School. It was not as sinqile as it sounds to make the engineering students already here accept an individual girls’ school. They were soon to mtlize, however, that Dean Matthews is “stubborn and determined,” 'aiid condescended to have the sejia-
rate scliool.
1’lahried Home Ec Building In' 1923 the department moved . into the present Home Ec Building which was planned by Dean Matthews and her staff, and in three years, the department was changed to a “school.” This building has been ’'’'outgrown and an extension was made in ;^e old Pharmacy Building
(it is now called Applied Design Building). Last year over 500 girls enrolled in the Home Economics School which makes a 900 per cent
increase!
Trying out new schemes appears to be a habit with Dean Matthews for her own educatiori was quite an innovation i'or that day. She lived with Virginia C. Meredith (after whom the club here is named) since childhood, and when Miss Meredith went to the University of Minne-
sota, .Mary went along. First Home Ec Student
Miss Matthews went to the School of Agriculture in Minnesota for her high school work and, of coui'se, took agriculture which seems in itself a feat. From theie to the University of Minnesota for her college education went Mary Matthews enrolled as the first Home Economics student
ever to enter the University.
“Oh yes,” said Dean Matthews, “the students and faculty alike were against the idea, but Miss Meredith and I were determined to go thi'ough with it. Upon my graduation, when I was still uncertain' how President Northrop felt about the innovation, I was surprised when he took off his mortar board and bowed to me a.s 1 received my diploma.” That told everyone at graduation that Home Economics was definitely estab-
li.shed ih that university.
Writes Hooks
Not to be 'stopped by merely starting new schools in laige universities, Dean Matthews ha.s writ-
ten three text books and collaborated oii a fourth. She was pi'esident of the Indiana Federation of Branches of the American Association. of University Women, and chairman of the Department of Education of. the Indiaiia Federkti’dn of Clubs. She is servirig on eoiri'mittees in the AirieriCari Home ECoriomfes Association; the Indiana State Home Economics Association and in other smaller brganizationis. ' Miss Matthews lUalso a member of Pi Beta Phi,’ Ginieroir';Nu, Pi Gamma Mu, the American Association for the Advancement 'of Science, and is listed in Who’s Who in
America. ’ '
And that. Home Ecorioniics students, is your Dean Matthews. Dean Mary Matthews Speaks On J^utritioii Dean Mary L. Matthews of the School of Hoiiie Economics and Dr. Cecelia Schuck, professor of nuti ition, yesterday spoke in Grcencastle before the district nutrition meeting .sponsored by the Indiana State Nutrition Council. Dean Matthews discussed “Local Oi’gauization for Nutrition” and Dr. Schuck spoke on
“Nutrition Courses.”
The purpose of the meeting, which was attended by the civilian defense nutrition chairmen from 15 counties, was to emphasize the importdrice of organizing now for better nutrition.
By Caroline Richardson Since near the beginning of the semester, the motor repair course, sponsored by Gold Peppers for national defense, has held its weekly get-together from 7 to 9 on Wednesday evenings in the Armoi'y. In tlfe southwest/corncr room, one lone man has directed a class of ardent and enthusiastic coeds. Incidentally, the same rodm contains the greater portions of two cars and various automobile parts. The brave male who is alone among these women is Lcmar Lay, affectionately known as “Hedy” or simply “Hey, You.” Now and then the “big boss,” Lieutenant B. F. Johnson, checks up to make sure that the class is making the progress planned for it; Includes Art Of Fixing Flats At first the instruction consisted of the basic principles upon which motor vehicles run; but later, by popular request, more and more laboratory work was added to the course. In fact, the girls finally got more than enough to suit them after one night spent in fixing flat tires. Several lessons ago, the class enthusiastically began a new phase in its training—actual driving. This proved to be a slight let down because, to an accompaniment of screeching gears, the evening was spent learning to double clutch a truck with its back wheels jacked up. Photographers Invade Class Another big event happened the same evening when some newspaper men took pictures for an Indianapolis paper. A tough twenty minutes was spent iii ti'ying to persuade the .-cameraman that shirt tails on those loud man-sized shirts were just riot supposed to be tucked in. Now the girls are driving big army ti'ucks, thi.s time with all the wheels on the gi'ound. So if you see any women in the driver’.s seats of the United States government vehicles, you will know how it haj)pened. And if you see any dented
fenders or smashed grills, you can be fairly certain that these damages were not done by the members of the coed motor repair class. Lieutenant Johnson says they are progressing better than his own sophomore motor classes. Coed Clubs To Sponsor Scholarships Junior and senior coeds interested in applying for the Gold Pepper and Panhellenic scholarship should turn their applications in at the west desk of the Union by Tuesday,
April 21.
Requirements for the scholarship are as follows: junior and senior 'women may apply, juniors must have accumulative index of 4; while seniors must have an index of 4.5. Afiplicants will be judged on scholarship, training, service, need and personality. Seniors may use the scholarship for graduate work. All those-interested should address their applications to Betty Erick, chaii-man of the committee Seniors! Subscribe to the Ex-
ponent!
Placemeiit For Women Indialtapolis Methodist Hospital offers training in X-ray technic to students who have eoiripleted at least two years of college with work in, physios and chemistry. The course is one year in length, No compensation is offered in eith(er salary or maintenance, but there is ■no tuition. Students iriterested should call the Placement Service for Women (2966) for further in-
formation. ••
; George W. Hailey; Chairmah, Radio Section, National Research Council, 2101 Constitution Avenue, Washington, D. C., states that there is immediate need for one hundred ■women trained for research in ph'ysics. There -will undoubtedly be a nefed for a thbusaiM more in the near future. There is a tremendous need for vifhmen with courses in the fundamentals of radio. -Wothen are i rideded fdr'Work in conltection with radio locator in research laboratories and in the development and installation of radio communication
facilities.
CIVIL SERVICE The U- S- Givil Service Commission announces an examination for Junior Chemist ($2,000 a year). Requirements include a college degree with 30 hours of chemistry. Anyorie interested shbuld wi’ite immediately to U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C. U. S. Civil Service Commission announces training for student nurses. Applications must be on file at Washington, D. C., not later than
May 13, 1942.
U. S. Civil Service Commission announces an examination for Junior Stenographer (,$,1440 a year) and Junior Typist ($1,260 a year). _ , U. S. Civil, Service Commissiori offers training for Junior InspectorTrainee, Ordnance Material, at $1,440 a year. To qualify, women must have had tv/o years of college work, including one year of mathematics and one year of chemistry or one
year of physics.
U. S. Civil Sei'vice. announces examinatioii.s for Junior Professional Assistant ($2,000 a year) in the fields of public adiriinistration, busifiess analysis, economics, home economics, library science, mathematics, as well as for positions as chemists, en.gincers, phy.sicist.s, and technologists. , , Town Girls To Hold Picnic Town Girls’ Club will .sponsor a picnic on April 25 at Happy Hollow. All coeds who are residents of Lafayette and West Lafayette, those who commute and those who live in boarding houses with less than three girls are automatically members of the club and may attend
the picnic. .
Coeds who wish to attend should sign up at the west desk of the Union by next Monday.
Cdei Cathiflil' Will Feature ^ Ballet, Gaines ' I
By CatdliTie tVilbdr
Country dancing with music by Wimpy's band will be the 'rigbpiai featuit^ of this year’s annual Pi^finy GalTiival to be hbld toiriorfovv Mght fronn7: to ;ll at the women’s gyrii. A cRrnival atl-nosphere 'will be developed by the decorations, the many concession stands and booths ’(Yith their “barkerh,” the side shows, and'the very informal ail* created'by the square dancing 'vYith its caller. The^sororities and Hallk-'a're efi'tered in a booth contest which will be judged by a selehted committee at'7:4'5 p;'ml on the basis'Of cleyerness, originality and''profits. Triton To Present Ballet Perhaps you would be iri'tei’ested in one of the sideshows. TKerO'Will be a tumbling act at 8 and two swimming perfonViances by Triton, women’s swimming honorary, at 8:30 and 8:45. The first -Will be a. floating ballet with piahy coeds participating, and the second will be atl exhibition by Marion Price and
Betty Harrison.
Maybe yon would prefer to spend our time throwing rubber rings on the beautiful legs of some female or, better still, help United States Wm this war by “darting outf’ Japan from the face of the map. Have you been wondering what is in the' mind of your one and only? If so, you will have the opportunity to consult the God of the mystics, “alias” the
Ouija board.
Country Dancing To Be Featured There will be dancing, both counti'y and ballroom, from 9 to' 11, and refreshments of ice cream, pop and candy will be served. ' Sportswomen, coed athletic hon-' orary, ^who sponsor the carnival, have announced that part of the proceeds will be given to war relief. Come and enjoy an evening of fun and entertainment and at the same time do your part in the war effort. The carnival is open to all and tickets priced at 10c may be purchased
at the door.
Patronize Expohenf : Advertisers. ,,
TODAY - SAT. 2 HITS
IIONEI' ATWILL UM OF MARKET STREET MERKEL
ACTION! THRilLSi
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Universiiy Book Store
Acnisii From Union ‘Red** Sammons *29 “Doc** Epple *40
As Always the PROM
No-w as always Corsages designed by Roth. Leave orders at Deac's for the corsages that will add the final touch to a perfect evening. We do offer dozens of ..suggestions for attractive combinations and at prices that are very reasonable. Leave Orders at Deac's
oin 635 Main St.
Phone 7955
H U R R Y r . . . H U R R Y ! LAST 2 DAYS
Today - Saturday MHViSTIf
MAMS LAST TIMES TODAYStarts TOMORROW
V
NaTiiI
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
Strangest Adventure That Ever Swept Across the Screen! DSSPATCH FROM REUTERS with' EDW. G. ROBINSON EDNA BEST EDDIE ALBERT
PLUS
He Goes to Prison to Get d Story and Ends.Up in .a Straight Jacket! BROADWAY BIG SHOT with RALPH BYRD RALPH BRYD VIRGINIA HALEif
f
A k L
y
Bn
lllini Meef Spotlights la TUn Trdek CM
Ten indooi season List of Competitors
Iowa has a one man team composed of Lee Faimei who has been lated
The hmdle events will be handled top notch in the 100 anod 220 yaid ty Kion, Baines, and Conant Dash dashes and also the bioad jump es will fedtuie Captain Anthony and Keim Anthony will also compete in the 1 elay events along with Ai ch ^ er:^ Banckei, and piobably Arnold In the distance department, Me Laughlin and Appleton will piob ably lun the two mile Kemp and Jentsch are available mileis Ihese distance men aie fiom the Boilei makei cross^countiy squad the squad that added lauiels to Eivetei athletic histoiy last^fall A few of the possibilities foi the field events aie McEachein who soais in the high jump Root and Calhoun will piobably heave the shot around foi the Boilei makei s In the pole vault, Grimm and Ed tvards will attempt foi lecoid bieak jng altitudes Available broad
IM Schedules The following fiateinities will play baseball Friday evening at 4 Diamond 1 Theta Tau vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2 Tiiangle vs Beta Sigma Psi o Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Tau Epsilon Phi 4 Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Chi Rho 5 Delta Chi vs Delta Upsilon 6 Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Pi 7 Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Kappa Tau 8 Theta Chi vs Pi Kappa Phi 9 Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Alpha 10 Delta Tau Delta vs Lambda Chi Alpha
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK — BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia St. We Deliver
Buy Your ARROW SHIRTS at dlcMmiu
^EE FOR YOURSELF! Youi first acquaintance with Allow Hitt will approach the tin ill of a scientific discoveiy, foi its starchless Aioset collar stays crisp and neat the day long—it lefuses to wilt! What’s more, Hitt is Mitoga-tailored to fit the torso and San* foiized-labeled (fabiic shiinkage less than 1%). Join the Ilitt parade today!
Get Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Coach Phillips’ Boilermaker cinder squad cohtinued their practice seiSsioUs yesterday afternoon for the quadrangular iricet that faces them Saturday afternoon m Champaign, Illihbis. This wjU be the spotlight event in Big Ten track activities this weekend. Three teams besides the Boilermakers will don their spikes at Illinois. The hosts for the meet are the Illih9iS team. Also competing will be Iowa and Northwestern
feiveters f^leet Footed
Relays and some of the middle distance events will probably be a source of points for the Black and Gold, and a defi-
filte, Weakness ih the field events is
ekpecte^d The Riveters pi oved their , u ,.1. i 1 . x 1 1. jumpeis aie Gaulke and Arnold
Stiength in the tiack events last „ .
lyefek When they took seven out of 1 r +1, + I , r, j .... On the gloomiei side of the meet nine faces in this depaitment at ^ x xu ^ there is a host of stais fiom the Michigan State ,, ,, 4. xu ^
othei thiee univeisities that aie ex-
Coach Phillips has not decided on pelted to shine as usual Illinois has the Tostei df men that will be taken ^ speed-merchant entered m the on thfe tiip Satuiday, but it will be Raybuin hy name lie is eomposed of most of the men who j^ted as orte of the best in the Big Have been showing ability m then y^n The Illmi also have a^ fleetevents this season This meet is one footed lad named Kelley who scoichof the most impoitant on the Boil- gg the cinders in the quarter-mile makei schedule and the cindei pjgid events will also be dominated Squad is rounding into top shape j^y niinois especially in the broad for it Illinois will ^1 obably pi ovide jump In this event they have two
the toughest competition, because outstanding men
of the strong winter indoor squad Northwestern and Iowa will ofStiength they have access to This fgj jggg competition to the Boileisguad took third place in the Big rnakeis, but will bear watching
T
i 1, « i i
Purdue Q P
Exponent P T fC
FHddy, April 17, 1942
-L & Page 3
SpsrxMna, oL SpoldA, )
A Tale Of Woe
Football Coach Elmer Burnham is of injulies on the squad this spung
having moie than his just shaie Sevcial of the bettei peifoimers
Nine Prepares For Big Game With
Initial’ miners
Freshman Nine Holds Workouts On Russell Field
With a lengthy list of promising mateiial to woik with, Coach “Pop” Doan of the fieshman baseball Squad, IS taking advantage of the long awaited bieak in the weather
have had httje or no chance to get used to the changes instituted since Elmei took the reins Theie aie always a few men on the sidelines with
chailey horses, sprains, bad knees and what have you
Let us hope that all of these men out of action in the spiing will mean
a fall Without the usual paiade of injuries that plague a coach and cause this week by giving the Rhinie nine him to HaVe those sleepless nights A schedule such as the Boilei makei s a seiics of iigid woikouts on the have next fall will not be any sleep pioducei undei the most favqiablc Russell Field diamohd Pievious in
cpnditions
CrippfleB, Coiini' 'Em I’ackle Ewell O’Biyan, guard Chailey Ehiligh, and end Laveine King have not practiced at all this spring because they have had opeiatioiis on their lespective knees Al Luego the only centei with any game ex peiience, has also had a knee operation, but he has begun to woik out during the past week As if this were not enough Tex Smeike, shifted fiom quaiteiback to end, has been on the sidelines with a bad shouldei Tex was veiy happy that heie was his chance to shine, but now he is on the sidelines and
tensive di ills had been held up^ by
bad giound conditions
Good Material
Although it IS still too eaily in the season to tell Who will be can
didates foi the valsity next year, mg jump, and a two mile walk Coach Doan has a host of foimer All semois registeied in the high school stais on hand that are course must have their test com
Scheduled to meet one of the best ftin# of the WesteiiEH (Conference this afternoon at 4 pm, the Riveter dinmondm^ rounded off their drills in preparation for Illinois yfesterdaiy
by batting and infield practice
Launching their first game of their Western schedule, the Riveters picked one of the toughest teaifhsinlhd
Big Ten this year as their opponents. The HlhH have had only two games thus far this season, but they won both of these by decisive margins Both of the contests were against Indiana with the scores being 13 to 0 and 7 to 5.
Another Game TomoitoW
The "game this afternoon will fee the first contest of a two game se-
Semestei tests are being held lor jjgg gecond game Will getttodcr all students enrolled in the Physical ^^y tomorrow afternoon at 2’p m. Prepaiednesscouise more common „„ ]^oilermaker diamond This ly known as PE 12 These tests con j^gj. sist of pull ups, push ups, a stand- j,ome until May 1 and 2, when %he
Buckeyes of Ohio State come to the
Achievement Records Show PE 12 Students Improve Physically
Riveter domain
, , , XU 4. XU 1 , , . , In the senes wnth IlKnois last aheady showing that they know pleted and the records turned in by xu Boilermakers snlit even
what to do with the ball In the few SatUiday Othei students taking the practice sessions thus far, two course will complete then tests dur
about the shift because he had played end in high school and though promising hurleis have come to the mg the coming week Cuts must be
waiting for the day he can get back into action
Harris Hurf Yesterday
Yesterday afternoon, the squad received anolhei blow when Chuck Hairis, another quaiterback shifted to end this spiing, dislocated his shoulder during the sciimmage Chuck was tiying to catch a long pass in the efid zone and fell on the conciete cuib aiound the field aftei he
had gone thiough the end zone
Hams had been shelved by a bad leg until two days ago and wc heaid him tell Elmei Buinbam that he felt in shape to sciimmage He was given his chance, and then came the aforementioned injuiy It is impos
fiont They are Eddie Timm of made up by Monday as no absences
Hammond, and Jack Kennedy of Loiraine, Ohio, both light handeis To complete the'’ batteiy Coach Doan IS grooming Bill Gates and Don Heackock foi the catcheis posi
tion
Ehleis Again
are excused Club activity caids must be brought up to date duiing the next week m ordei for a stu dent to get ciedit in the course Achievement lecords show that there has been considerable im
Of last yeai’s nine there are Only three veterans remaining They a^e Walt Leifheit, Ernie Young and
Harry McFerren
Leifheit On The Mound Walt Leifheit will probably start on the mound for the Boilermakers and Young and McFerren will play third and second base, respectively.
In a woikout with the varsity last of the men signed up in the couise night. Fled Voight, a lefthandei, did Comparison of the ability to pei
,, , „ X XI, X 1 XU 1 11 u ui X lx impiessive job on first base form the tests at the beginning and sible to say at this time whether, he will be able to woik out any moie Eddie Jones, at second, J H Evans, at the end of the semestei shLs
, , , j , Leifheit will probably be opposed provement in the physical condition , ,,, , „ , , , , , .
by Campbell, who is schedUfed to pitch the first game for the Illnii
this spimg
There Isn't Any Justice It doesn’t seem light somehow that all this should happen to Burnham eithei If evei a coach deseived good luck, Elmer is the man Pei haps the leason that so many of the playeis aie getting banged up is that they aie tiying too haid to dehvei foi the likeable mentoi To give you an idea of how mteiested Elmei is in the athletics of the University, peihaps we could tell about how Elmei spent his Satin clays duimg the past winter He helped out by officiating at practically every spoits event that was held at the Fieldhouse No Rest For The Weary One Satuiday afternoon he was the scoiei at the wiesiling matches
Tennis Instruction
at shoit, and Ed Ehleis at thud shaip use in some cases and a giad
completed the infield Incidentally, ual use throughout
Ehleis, Kennedy and Timm weie all active on the frosh basketball squad this winter Ehleis put m a few practice sessions with the vaisity nine earliei in the season and will undoubtedly be back theie next
year
Candidates foi positions in the
Chuck Schiller who allowed only SIX hits while beating the Hoosiers 13 0, will more than likely hurl the game Satuiday Though the score was very lopsided, the Hlnu still scoied seven hits against Indiana in their 13 0 contest It was thiough a leaky defense that the w ill be given at the Fieldhouse uijm won
Monday at night m the Tennis Clinic starting Lineup
„Uu
sponsored by the Buieau of Health and Phsical Education m coopeia
outfield aie John Chinewicz, Gene United States Lawn ^^idt, at shoitstop, Harry MdPer-
Tennis Association The clinics aie
Coach Fehnngs probable starting lineup will consist of Bill Burg-
Allen, and Lee Alexander Accoid ing to “Pop” Doan, Chmewicz is one
As soon as these weie ovei he dashed up to the pool to act as judge at of the best outfield prospects that
swimming meet, then he had just time enough to giab a bite to eat be foie he came back to coach one of the fieshman basketball teams in the mtiasquad game that pieceded the varsity ball game Think that’s a lot’ Well, he wasn’t thiough yet Just to keep fiom being idle he was the of ficial scorer at the varsity basketball game that capped a busy athletic
weekend.
The Players' Opinion
Of couise that doesn’t have much to do witK Buinham the football
coach Have no feais about his ability His past letoid speaks foi itself piopei shape. Bob Bailey, foimer and you can be suie that the team will be in theie tiying To quote one vaisity huilei took the lubber foi of the playeis “It’s a lot of fun to play football foi Elmei He s the kind the Rhinies and set the vaisity le of a coach that can gne you hell and make you like it selves on then eai duiing his thiee
ELK inning spell on the mound
he has seen on the fieshman team
thus far
The high spot of yestei day’s prac tice was the game that the fiosh played with the vaisity leseives The Rhimes came out on the long end of a 4 1 scoie Since the huilers on the fiosh nine have not had
chaige
Chailes E Haie, member of the 1937 Biitish Davis Cup Team, will demonstrate and discuss the vai lous stiokes In addition he will diiect play on two indooi couits, in which two members of the Boilei makei
enough time to get their arms in
LErS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
STUDENTS! Let’s all play our part in this great Defense Program by buying stamps NOW! Come to the PURDUE UNION and BUY U. S. DEFE]\ISE BOinS and StAM^^ ★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
second base. Bob Kersey, cen-
open to the general public, without grme Young, third; Patil
Fiiend, left field, Carl Hipp, fight field, George Buighardt, first; Walt Smith, catcher, and Walt Leifheit,
piechei
El me Young, who last year led the Boilermakers in batting percentage in the Confeience, has been battirjg in seventh position this-sea-son up till last night At that time, Dutch Fehring moved him.up to the cleanup position
Reilly Out
Bob Reilly who has been plajnng a lot of outfield foi the Riveters since the basketball season has been over, is temporal ily laid up with a
Iowa’s baseball team will be one very painful fingei injury Reilly of the best in the confeience if pei- injuied his hand while fielding a foimance thus faz aie any inclica- giound ball and will not see action
Miss Mary Hardwick, foimei English Wightman cup stai may appear in the exhibition with Haie A short, ‘Tundamentals of Tennis,” will piecede the demonstiation Sports Shorts
tion of what is to come The Hawkeyes aheady have a pan of wins ovei Minnesota’s Gopheis and a win ovei the Notie Dame team In view of the fine showing the Rambleis
again until sometime next week. Illinois’ probable lineup will be Finn, If, Paiker, lb, Bartley, ss; Astioth 3b, Milosevich, c; Phillip, cf, Noth, if, Hull, 2b, and Camp-
made against the Boilei makers m bell p Phillip is the l^d who made last Monday’s contest the Hawks All Conference Guard this year He
10 5 victoiy IS veiy impiessive Today and Satuiday the Hawkeyes will play the Indiana team at Bloomington Coach Otto Vogel is lepoited to be saving his best hull ers foi the stiies with the Hoosieis King pin of the Iowa mound stafi: is Dick Fabei who held Minnesota to foul hits and stiiick out thiitecn
has pi oven himself to be a very good fieldei but is a little weak on hitting Astioth is the Illim’s poweiful hittei Aftei the fiist team got through infield ard batting piactice last evening, the leserves played the freshman nine
and was reached foi a total CFPhtven Bobo Ntwsom, foimei ace of the luns in his biief / ay on this m^nd Dctioit Tigeis mound staff, wa Last season Newsom-whS dnfe'of* knocked out of the box in his fiist the hiv,hest paid peiformcr^'-ih'’|fee stait of the season foi the YYash game He was one of the jlmici|»ats ington Scnatois He lasted only five in the discu=sion of “'WHa is the innings against the big Yankee bats highest paid player ■msKmmr nitlRED SM0KIN6 6S Baffle Filler retains flakes-slugs and whiri-coob smoke in Medico pipes, cigarette and cigar holders. *«■ « t IS 1 ^ ~
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELGOME^AT WALGREEN’S
■!/
» QUAUtYFOOD
1 BBASONABLE PRICES ) FRIENDLY SERVICE / ^ol^jreeii drug GtoI^
410 Main Stzeet
/-s m'T'
f Purdue Expoimt
''^ I ^ ^ ^ S. 1 ^ ^
W'
Friday, April 17, 1942
wtsumioM MERRY-«0-ROUMI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Economists Urge Brazil To Put Quota On Rubber Sales -WASHINGTON Apnl 16—Fed eial Sccunt\ Admini'^li iLoi Paul McNutt his the in ule ti ick loi head of the ^^ ni Menpowei aKcnc> that will shoith he established The tall handsome Indian in is the ehoiee of the foui membei com mittee to whom the Piesident turned o\ei the lob of picking a man and drafting the set up of the agency The foui aic Justice Wil ham O Douglas Judge Sam Rosen man of the New Yoik Supieme Cduit Budget Diieetoi Hai old Smith, and Mis Anne Rosenbeig White House laboi advisei Smith and Mis Rosenbeig weie the big McNutt looteis Both haee peisonal peexe-- igainst Sidnet Hillman w ho has been Roosevelt & laboi ehief since the daj s of the original N itional Defense Comniis Bion in 1040 Smith IS sore at Hillman be cause the latter slapped him down when Smith tried to side track Hillman w hen OPM was set up Mrs Rosenman is anti Hill man because he didn t bring her into the defense picture Pcrsonalh Hillman is not a candidate for the Manpower post It has not been reiealed but he has twite offered his resignation to the President since OPM was disbanded On both occasions Roosevelt warmb praised Hill mans work and lojaltx iiid in sisted that he had to lemain in M ashington Note When the piesidenti \1 com mittee asked Wai Pioduelion Chief Donald Nelson whom he livoicd foi the Manpowei lob he replied that he had no choice His only ree ommeiidation was th it the new agency be made i pait of his oig in
ization
• Camera Shy
It IS a laic event when t ton giessman letuses to pose for i news pictuie but one did the othei da's Furtheimoie the balkti was one of the most photogenic membei s of fongicss—tall dail ind handsome Repicsciitative Gtoige H Mahon
of Tc\ IS
Chairman of the Distiiet of Co lamina subeommittce of the Appio filiations C( mmittee M ihon dc Tided befoit beginning budget hem mgs to make an inspection ol pub lie institutions in the Capita] Pho
togiaplieis descended on him while he was walking thiough the col oicd babies waid it G illingci Hos
pital
‘ IIow about a pietme Coiigiess man’” thcf choiuscd ‘Goalieid said Mahon stiiking a pose “Oh no not like that said one of tile camel amen ‘Weve got to get some loc il coloi into the pic tine Howi about holding one of the babies ’ ’ M'alion s f lee took on the hue of a iipe tomato ‘ Nothing doing he gulped ind dashed for the door Lat Cl relating the incident to fiicnds Mahon saiS grinning “Just iiiiag me This is an election year, and me a Tex is Demoeiat Those cam eiaineii mustn t hive any political sense ’ • Where Honor Is Due Although Gen MacAithui s spec tacul II defense of the Bataan Pen insula gathered ill the headlines praise and honor is also due other high lankmg officers who kept up the unspect leular but very neces saly put ol the defense In all 1() geneials besides Lieut Gen Wamwiight are now on Cor legidor Ol weie on Bataan Peiim sul i many ot them completely un 1 now n to the Aiiiei ic in public but genuine heroes lust the same One unsung hei o who has done a great job is Maj Gen George r Moore, in command of the har bor defenses of Corregidor Gen Moores anti aneiaft guns hive bagged so many lapanese planes that the laps don t relish flying oxer Conegicloi any more Then there IS Brig Gen Charles C Drake the quartermastei who has the heai t breaking job of ra tioning supplies down to almost lurthing Viiother man who pertoimed military miracles is Bug Gen Vlbert M lones He commanded the southei n sector ot Luzon south of Manila and aeeonip lished the seemlngh impossible job ot withdiawmg his beach de fenses to join the forces of Gen Wainwright on Bataan Then there is Gen J lines R N Weave] in eommiiid ot tanl s to gethei with Geneials Joseph P Vachom Williim 1 Bioughei BiadtoidG Chfiioweth Willi im F Sharp Allan C McBrile Clide A Sellecl Clinton A Pierce ind \r nold J Funl ill unsung he oes Note Gen Wamwiight should not be criticized tor comm indii g jiiit ot the b ittle of B it i in tiom Corie^idoi Gen MicAithui le cording to those letuinm,^ tioni the Philippines il o directed the Bi tain battles from Coiiegidor » Cookie Pushers In eeitiin official quiiteis then IS stioi g si eptieism ie,^iiding the Stite Departments de il with Bi i /il ioi wild rubbei llmse i itlioi ties contend th it the igrcement le tu illj will pioduce little nil her to the U S This is due it is held to the fid un of the Stite Deputment to I IIULNDLY bLRVlCE | = Bonelcfl = = Gas and Oil = I T. & R. OIL CO., Iiio. j ^llllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllKlllllllillllilllllllllllHlir
University Calendar
Faculty
Friday, April 17
4 0,0 PM B iseb ill—Illinois 4 to PM—Cosmopolitan Club Meeting 6 00 P M —Gr iminar punctu itioii and spelling tests 7 JO P M Iiiteitratei nity Fellowship 7 iO P M Mixed ReetciLion 7 10 PM—Prom Committee Dinner 7 OPM —PI lysliop 0 00 PM—Junior Pioiii
Base ball Di imond Room 104 Union Room 101 Eeiue Bldg Room 107 Union Women s Gynmasuiin Cast Faculty Lounge, Union Lli/i Fowlei Hall Both Balliooms Union
chive i le ilistie b iigam on the ejueS tion of Bi izil s domestic consump tion of lublrei Vice Piesident Wal laces Boaid of Economic Waifaie ind Nelson Roekcfellei s Intel Amtiicin Allans uiged th it i spe cifie rjiiota le lequiied ol Bi i/il m Older to ensuit th it Bi i/il s home consumption would not e it up the entile rubber output But the Stite Depiitniint ove i I uled this Acting Secietui of State Suiniiei Welles el rimed th it the igieemeiit would pioduce he tween 60 and 70 tlious ind tons ol lubbci—moie thin Bi izil s leco d pioiluction m 1912 Brazils not mil domestic eonsiiniption is 20 000 tons iiul i ub bei experts point out Hi it the Ine shortage in Bia/il will tie niendously slinuilate (iic maim 1 leturing tlieie using up the in creased rubbei output Ihere is nothing in the new agieement to pi event tins and the Stile De partment look the position Iheie
must not be
But the bald boiled economists of the Economic Wufiie Bond disgusted with Stite Deputment cool le iiushin" h ive enlisted the support ot Vice Piesident W ill lee ind have he pes thiough his infli cnee to put a donieslie eoii'-umption quot 1 on Bi i/il Note Meinwhile Aigentmi is neg )ti iting to bu\ ubbei in e mipe till n with the U S fioni two otli ei South Amenein mu Lets Liui doi md Boliiii Ai^eiitmi his tiie tact 1 es ol hci ewn uid is ofleiii
high pi lees
(( pvi gilt 1142 by United lei till e Syii he ite Lie )
Personnel Notes P R Malloiy Co Indianapolis, Ind —ML and EL Sign m Person ncl Office by noon today Roots ConnersviUe Blower (oip, Connersville Indiana Coming April 21 Wants ME M ly and August fiaduates Sign in Personnel Olhce by Ipin Mondiy Apiil20 Lltelro Motive Dmsioii of Gtnti il Motois LaGiangc 111 ML (leu Pioeess and Engine woik) LL (foi test woil ) Sign in Peisonnel Offlee by > p 111 Monday, April 20 Mixed Recreation will be held tonight in the Womens Gym staitiiigat7 10 p m The eaily pait of the evening will be spent in playing badminton ind the usu vl spoils but daneinf, will be t il en up 1 ilei in the pio^iam All students le u ning to swim m ly bi mg then own suits Anyone inleiested IS iiiged to ittend
Classified Ads
(Continued from page 1) ing those rendered by the office of the dean of men,” said Di Elliott “Pending such leoiganization, the Doaid designated Mr Goldsmith as acting dean upon the retirement of Dean Fisher June 30 ” Dtjan Pishei graduated from the University in Agiicultuie in 1903 He became professor of agionomy in 1910, and was appointed dean of men m 1910 Dukes lias Brilliant Record Dein Dukes likewise has been on the Pm due staff for many years, graduating fiom DePauw University in 1890 fiom Massachusetts Institute of Technology m 1892, and from the Cornell School of Meehan leal Engineeiing in 1896 ln,1909 he came to the Univeisity as piofes SOI of applied mechanics and was made head of the depaitment in 1917 He was chosen dean of the Giaduate School in 1929 Di Ewing new head of the School of Elect! ical Engmceiing, has been a membei of the staff since 1912 He was graduated from Ohio Noith ein Univeisity in 1906 with degrees in both electiical and mechanical engineeiing He was co author with the late Di Haiding of a book on electiie railways Young Heads Graduate School Di Young has been on the staff since 1921 having obtained his doe toiate m ruial economics at Coi nell Univeisity that year Goldsmith Science 20, began his esieei here in 1927 seivmg as as sistant manager of the Union In 1928 he became assistant to the dean of men and a few yeais ago issistant dean He left the Univei sity for seivice in the Woild War He hid iisen to the lank of majoi in the Officers Roseivc Corps when
he resigned more than a year ago Prof Poor man is a University of Illinois graduate in civil engineering in 1907 and holds degrees fiom the Univeisity of Colorado He has been on the staff stnee 1909 Prof Munro, EE ’97, spent nine years in commercial work before joining the faculty in 1907 Trustees Adopt Budget Prof Topping, a graduate of the University of Kansas in 1894, has been on the staff since 1903 Besides passing upon the faculty changes, the Trustees also adopted the budget for the summej term which starts May 4 and adopted the budget foi the coming fiscal year which begins July 1
Notices
Catholic Students A number of students art wanted for the Catholic summer camp I hose uitcrested call 2601 —BROCH Town Girhi Club Picnic Saturday April 26 at 1 20 p m in Happy Hollow Meet in West 1 acuity Lounge before starting Please sign up at west desk in Union by Monday Aprii 20 Brin(, 20 ciiits for food when you sign up — GRAVLS WAA Anyone intcicstcd m class base ball sign np on the b illetin in the gym and Lome to class callout Monday April 20 at 4 pm —BAUGHMAN Men Students Iho c interested ti living in a St idcnl cooperative house this sum mer call 6418 —CARLSON Sigma Delta Chi Meeting Friday after noon Ai ril 17 at 4 16 p m in room 303 of the Union Llcctioii if olTicirs test teacher etc —TUAUGOTl All Students Students who expect to change frim one school within the Univcr Bity to another at the eii 1 of the piesent semester luc advise I to oltain the necessary blanks at oi ee from the Registrar s of lice —STONE Zouaves M etii g I r day April I at 1 1 m in room 102 of the Armory CRAI Tan Bela Pi 1 Iccti i ot olTie rs Wednet. duv April 22 at 10 p m in the Lsst K(eel tun I o inge f the Ui ion Refresh mentb w II be served MUNCLR Phi Lambda Upsilon FI t ii of ITicers Thir lav Aii I 21 at 4 30 pm in room
t'^'l ot the Chen Ai nex
I MONKOMLUY
Met Engineering 163 An examination for the removal of C grades will be rflVen, on April 17 at 8 p m in room 110 of the Chem and Met building —ECKEL Radio Amateurs Radio club picnic mtiet Ing and election ot officers will be hfeld Tuesdav April 21 All interested in ama tcur radio are Invited There will (le a 10 cent charge tor non members Members are invited free Meet at EE building at B 30 p m —Miles Sophomore Military Students: All sopho mores whose nnjnes appear on the list of those accepted for the advance course must sign contracts In the main office of the Armory prior to April 26 —RIORDAN Purdue Players Annual picnic to be hclti luesday April 22 Reservations are to be m at Playshop by Saturday noon April 18 All members of cast and crew of The Male Animal arc invite dto attend
—DUKE
S C A Board Important meeting Tuesday April 21 at 7 30 p m in the S C A Room Attcndanee is essential Any S C A member who is also interested is Invited to attend —MOGAVLRO Delta Kho Kappa Meeting Monday April 20 at 5 in room 807 of the Union Outstanding dues are payable at this time --BIERLIN 1 rcslimen Engineers Meet for cngincfer ing lecture Saturday April 18 at 8 cording to school choice as fUitovCS Ghcm and Met room 101 of Michael Golden Shops Civil room 201 ot C E bldg Electrical room 26f E E bldg Mechanical an 1 Aeronautical room 129 E E bldti Public Service and Engr Law conference room Lxcciitivc bldg Students changing schools and those who have completed only one semester need not report —KNAPP Debris 1 reshman callout for all who ar^ interested In working for Debris duriUii the eoming two terms will please report to thi Debris Business Office Monday April'* 30 Plans f r the new book will be discussed Those wlio report will be allowed to reg!^ ter at 8 a m the first day of registration —MINTON
Ceres The last meeting of the present srm bter will he held at the home of Prof Robbins Tuesday April 21 Meet at the cast door of the Union at 7 p m Those tbit have car available please bring them Any- < nc unable t attend this meeting contaet Euler or Callahan before Monday noon CALLAHAN Cosmopolitan Club Final meeting of the semester mil be held today in room 304 of tic Union at 4 30 pm Lets all be there for the climax —LAU All Students Those interested in taking Si anisl 3 (1 iigr Spanish) this suninree lieu c cill me at 8444 before April 23 00 rbc 1 eludes study of conversational dUtl 1 ractieal Span sh M L 61 62 are pre r <1 iisites —SHEFHx Military Code Instruction Men who qual ific 1 at 6 w p m or better and deslnf a eertihcate to that effect should contact Et Burkhart in Instructors Room of Armory —BURKHART
rypcwrilcrs All g M lie all n akea 5 I I r I I d I iiri I ai I f ircl as I M me gr 11 vu I lo 1 I Lb ibl If GO Main Laf y tt 11 0 e 27 <)
II (II I ( I SI 1
I Kt O 1 A| I t I t ( I I R V D I 13 t
I t C (Ml 1 V I n I 1 I h C II 21 1 1 I *1 I V I s( It 11 vr t vstcl in U 1 n t r 1 I I II 1 rest U V Few I 1 lost K 1 I I I I Cl HI ig 1 I It n N m I e R I I ( I I
ENRICHED BREAD rOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Keep Your Clothes a Business ^)\.sset— Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly No mailer how much eiluealion you have, your arc “out of husmess ciiculalioii” uiilil some one hires you. So make your peisonal ^ppearance a business asset by having yonr clothes C1 own C leaned rcgnlarl y.
a good friend of yours The girl behind "the voice with a smile” IS known to everyone You have learned to count on her when you make a telephone call.
Hold your Partner!
Odorono Cream keeps Arthur Murt^ dancers ''Sweet'' in a close-up gWhethcr the music s bwett or swing you ve^ottobe sweet ’ Ubt Odorono Cream—choice of Arthur Murray dancers Non greasy,"non gritty—gentle Odorono Cream ends perspira tion annoyance for 1 to 3 days' Get a jar and hold that partner —spellbound'10)5, 39f! 59psizcs (plus tax] The Odorono Co Inc
PERSPIRATION fO/tfTOSDAVS
ffives YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY I FULL OZ. JAR->ONLY ZH (plwt lax)
immm
Top of llie Hill
April 10, 1942
Dear Stucientss
EXPONENT this year wont through its most ti’ying linanoial period sinoo 1918-19. First it was the now press, its cost, inGtol,lation and maintenanoe. Then it was increased costs and priorities on paper and oupplios. And Tinally a request by the Univorsily to publish on I ho regular schedule while it was financially expedient Lo publish only three days a week. All students, soniois includoO, have an opportunity to holp iiidintain the EXPONENT on the campus by subscribing to its sumiiior edition. Seniors can have their paper sent to them at home, at work, or in the service. Undergraduates that are not going to bo hero this summer will find the EXPONENT an efficient way of keeping up with the University. Even those in school can send one home to their parents—it's much easier than writing. Seniors can send in their coupon, but keep the receipt. Undergraduates can subscribe at the West Desk or down in the EXPONENT office after 4:00. Oh, yes, the rates $1.50 May to September mail $1.25 May to Soptornbor local Don't put it off until next wook--subscribo today! Sincerely yours, ^ ^^iouyyian Ass't. Giro. Mgr. GHK/KKG