‘ f ^
‘ f ^
Siti^M^! pick.
0euf.. j'Jbwtth,
• i o|Mii l^tfr to III# fofkt dll pag# 4.
Z.IIS
Founded In 18$9
Pally Since 1906
VoliWiie 52/ No, 131
West Lafayette, bidicina
Friday, March 7, 1941
Invade Fietdiiouse Tonight Conference Indoor Track Meet
Bill Martin Will Phy At New Union Dance Tonight Bill Martin will play for the Windy Way Cabaret Dance. Both ballrooms of the Union will be turned into a typical night club from 8 until 12 with smoking, soft, drinks, dancing, floor show, and
decorations. ;
A unique floor show with Dick “Allie” Lynch who Was the comedy
Swing And Sway At The Windy Way
Windy Way 'Night Must Fall" Hits Peak In Play"s Second Performance
KARX KAY aq4 JIMMY
We Bke4 PlKyshop’s secoqd presentatiojn of “Night Must Fall” last
night in Fowler HalL
We ^ant you that right now we’re flushed with the excitement and enthusiasm of seeing both a good murder plot and a swell job
Playshop will present its third performance of “Night Must Fall” at 8 o’clock tonight in Fowler Hall. Contact the Purdue Playshop ticket office about tickets, priced at 75 cents.
of acting, but we also think that this play is good enough to stand up for itself even in the cold light of morning. It is a play built, as we see it, both around the differences in human personalities and the “psychological aspects of mui’der.” Here are conti-asted the very complex personalities and the very simple ones; here is presented the little-realized reality that such a thing as murder may both happen in unexpected places and be committed by unsuspected persons. Acting Good It is a good play, and will make you proud of Purdue’s dramatic ability. We recommend it to all of you, and especially those who bleat about Purdue’s “lack of culture in the fine arts.” Here, in Playshop, is a group who have their share of the “fine arts” down pat.
BILL martin man in “Everything But Onions” serving as master of ceremonigs, will feature a preview of the coming Union show “Hai’em Scarem.” Other features of the floor show will be a number by the Three M’s and music by Rocky Coluccio, pianr ist with Irv Given’s Band. The Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, are scheduled to sing a selection of light classical numbers.
300 Interested People Attend Marriage Class In the third of a series^ of six marriage lectures three clergymen spoke on the subject “Religion in Marriage” yesterday afternoon in the large lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture was an open meeting of the marriage class with a total attend-; ance of about 300 juniors and Seniors. After being introduced by chairman Bob Donahue, Father Chapman of St. Mary’s church gave the Ca.tholic viewpoint of religion in marriage, stressing the unrealized importance of religion in the romantic venture. In truth, justice and love Father Chapman stated that a basis could be formed for marital happiness. Rabbi Simon of Temple Israel, second speaker of the three, stated: “People don’t fall in love, they rise up to it . . . personal happiness, ^ which is foremost in marriage, is attained only after mutual understanding.” The minister of the Central Presbyterian church, Rev. Graham, add-* ed to the messages of the preceding clergymen in stating that spiritual and mental fulfillment are usually under-eihphasized in marriage. A short question-answer period was held after the three clergymen had given their talks. The question of mixed religion in marriages, directed to Father Chapman, was vividly answered with the analogy of sand in a bearing.
With Preliminaries At 8 PM
By JOE DOLAN
Exponent Sports Editor
Men throwing balls of steel, 16 lbs. in weight; others running at break-neck speed over sixty yards of space at ten yards a second; others jumping over sticks for seventy yards; still others jumping over much higher sticks with the aid of another stick; and yet others running as far as two miles in less than ten minutes; 262 of them, representing ten institutions in this MiddleWest, the most powerful athletic conference in the nation, will descend upon our giant Fieldhouse this evening for a two night stand of matching brain, brawn, speed, endurance, intelli-
gence and habits during the annual Conference Indoor Track and Field meet.
———— —-—. Ever since old Baron de Coubertin, lover of the ancient Gr^k
sport of throwing stones, spears, and also running, develop^ the present program of track events back iiri876, modem youth have matched group competition for alma mater’s sake, and this evening, although there will be no stone and spear throwing, group competition will run to a peak. Michigan University’s great track team is sitting on that peak right now because those Wolverines collected 37 and 5-14 points last season to cop the
Host Captain
ED HOLDERMAN"
Dr. V. K. Zworykin
Another Orchid To ‘^Phil
99
Track Coach Phillips, Former Olympic Runner, Directs Big Ten Indoor Carnival Here Tonight
By TED CLARK If the supervision of experienced hands means anything, the thirtyfirst running of the Big Ten Indoor Track and Field Championships, held in the Fieldhouse for the first time in history tonight and tomorrow night, shuuld be a brilliant success. The affair will be under the guidance of Hermon Phillip,s, Riv-: eter track coach and former Butler mentor. Started Butler Relays While at the Indianapolis school, Herm originated the now famous Butler Relays. Through the expert , planning of Phillips and the cooperation of the ne\^m.an, a capacity crowd of 9,000 packed the Bulldog Fieldhouse for the initial running of the games. Coach Phillips is known to his many friends and his team as “Phil.” He has built his entire life around track; however, hejpealizes ' that everyone is not so interested in it as he. This reUlizatiort has caused him to plan the week-end event for the enjoyment «f those who do not know very much about the sport or only have a mild interest in it. We believe that “Phil” has found the right formula in constructing
Track Mentor
ParExcNIeneti the classic as a carnival, rather than a track meet. He told us'yesterday that his every effort has been extended to fashion a. festival that will appeal to eds and co-eds alike. We can really believe the statement, for he is not content to
let the large crew under his direction do all of the woi’k. Rolls Up His Sleeves Since Monday evening, when workmen started to ‘remove the basketball floor, Hermon has been busy making pole vaulting standards with large legible numbers, which will enable the spectators to follow, the progress of the eyent; running the tractor with attaching " mats to smooth the ground in the infield and taking off his coat to help with the gala decorations. Phillips did his collegiate running at Butler and. later returned there to become one of the youngest coaches in college circles. He was on the United States Olympic team that went to Amsterdam, Holland in 1928 and was one of the six finSlists in the 400-meter race. He and Ray Barbuti, the other American entry ahd a former Syracuse U. runner, had been co-favorites to wiu since the preliminaries opened. The two of them put on a genuine Mutt and Jeff act, for “Phil” carried but 180 pounds on his five feet, six inch frame. Rangy Ray Barbuti weighed 2(fo pouuds and towered two inches above the six foot mark.
Power M icroscope Last night the University Chapter of Sigma Xi was entertained by Dr. V. jjK. Zworykin, famed director of the RCA electronic research laboratories. Dr. Zworykin gave a speech on the new electron microscope developed by'the radio company’s Camden, N. J. laboratories. This new instrument is used to maguey disease germs and other miero-erganisms to speh huge sizes that they take on new shapes which have never been viewed before. To illustrate this, the famed scientist exhibited a micrograph of a particle_of the finest face powder obtainable. This particle was enlarged to such a size that it actually looked like a piece of shrapnel. Some of the very practical applications of this instrument are found in its ability to enlarge disease germs so that the important chemical changes that take place can be watched. An example is in the case of the diptheria germ. It was found that it actually absorbs chemicals as other larger living organisms do. d.w.o. ~ PIATeaDancP :. . . will be held in the south ballroom, Saturday afternoon, at 3:30 o’clock. Music will be furnished by recordings. All PIA mentbers and their dates will be a^itted non-members will be idiarged 10 cents. The money wifi be turned in to WSSF. b.l.p.
toga.
Alah! Michigan Michigan has entei’ed a huge squad of 39, athletes for tonight’s battles; but despite"the number of Michigan stars, Indiana University is expected, by the prognosticators, to emerge from the heated heats and close-inched results as the 1941 championship squad. The Purdue athletic department has left no stone unturned in their efforts to make the meet a meet for the enjoyment of spectators as well as the visiting athletes. The Fieldhouse has been transformed, as if by to a beautiful theater of combat that would make the ancient hippadromes of Athens and Rome appear like pikers. Long streams of bunting hang from the ceiling’s center to the four remote corners of the Fieldhouse, and suspended in the direct center of this magnificent array of bunting is a giant American flag of 40 feet. Galaxy of Stars Stars a-plenty will roam aU over the campus and Fieldhouse. during the next 48 hours, tall ones and short ones, heavy ones and slight ones, one weighing 280 pounds and one tipping the scales at 126, but each is like a specialist and could make one another look like a novice in each’s.,specialtyi To glance at the entry list would make an Olympic judge’s heart skip (Con%^f4 ^
Afternoon At 4 P M Just back from an 1800 mile tour through the East, Edward K. Foley concert pianist of Lafayette and Chicago will give a recital next Sunday in the Music Room of the Union between four and five p. m. Well received at previous appear" ances on the campus, Mr. Foley is a former student of Rachmaninoff. While on his recent tour with the “Ice Capades” he acted as accom* panist for Vera Hruba Czech<>sluvakian dancing-ice skating star. Cities visited by pianist Foley qn his recent trip include fitt^burgh. Wheeling, Washington, B^timore and Richmond. Following the completion of his appearances in the eastern cities Mr. Foley played at a successful recital in Duncan Hall in Lafayette. Perhaps one of the most interesting of his professional activities, however, is that, of accompanist in' the making of recordings for he acts as a recording artist for Columbia, d.w.m.
Tong Live The Queen.» . Ann Ostrander, CourtOfFpur Preside At Indoor Track Meet By MISS PARTRENIA VENUS Pour brunettes and a blonde will grace the victory platform a| the of the Big Ten Indoor Track Carnival tomorT^w night and proi^de a feniinine glow to the festive activities. Queen Ann Ostrander, Sylvm Pittman, Barbara Hyman and Roberta Glezen are the dark-haiiyd Vivian M. Peterson is the lone fair-haired member of Ann’s cowt. * Ann is a Theta from West Lafayette and a freshman in the Rciehim school. She will wear a white sleeveless gown with a low neck and a’foR skirt. Miss Ostrander is an ardent track fan and looks forward to the meet with a great deal of anticipation. Low Bpwn Op Ann’s Supporting . Cast ; I * Viyinn Petersen is a senior Rappa from Indianapolis^ enrolled fa Honie Economics school. Roberta Olezen is a sophomoxei Wnmo Eq Irpih Oblong, 111. She lives at WRH Norih. Both girls will wnar pinlEyforip^. P^^thian is a Pi :i^i and a sophomore Hbme SylviO is f^rn Indanapolis and plans to wear a blue crepe formal. This iha^ the time that Sylvia has ever placed in a beauty Contest and she is oidte thrilled about it. ^ 5 Queen Plans Plenty Of Pinning Acts Barbara Hyman is a junior in the Science school fconi is an Alpha CW anA Uke Sylyia will don h blue gnwn |hr The Queen and her court wiH pin medald upon the vdaiamt Of ea^ asent. However, no precautions have been taken to prevent some Den Juan athlete from decorating the girls with his fraternity jewelry.%
Jimsdji^ JjoUl
This evening when you walk into the spacious Purdue Fieldhouse and wind your way to your seat in the balcony $o. watch the little Olympics, or battle of mid-Westem champidns, your breath will be taken from you for a moment just as it was when you first stepped into our Music Hall. You will regain your normal respiration as your gaze wanders to the mass of symmetrically developed physiques that roam the floor beneath you, but there are a few of us who will be thinking of the man responsible for this very pageant of adoration for the old boy called Murcury by the ancient Greeks, Purdue’s Herm Phillips, man and coach de lux. You know, there is a worn-out saying that the Greeks had a name for it,” but I doubt if old Aristophanes, Hermes, or Virgil or Anchises could describe the scenes that will transpire in our play-house this evening and tomorrow night. The Greeks stressed athletics for a two fold purpose; to supply physically fit soldiers and to supple fulfillment of their love of artistic beauty in body activity. Sculptor and poet alike glorified the virile, robust, and symmetrically developed anatomy of the ancient athlete by the statues and poems still available to us today—despite the wholesale destruction by total war of many of these priceless masterpieces. Those of us who desire to torture our busy technical routine of life, by reading what Thucydides thought of running and jumping, find that the fine mind and body meant little without competition. The lads wore no clothing to hide their bodies in competition, and in a few decades it was noticed that even the slight frames hid the most artious nervous control that won championships and awards. Following these awards came the rich material awards bestowed on Olympic winners which led to professionalism and a diminished enthusiasm for the amateur sport. The rise and development of athletics in Greece is being paralleled in our day and age. We are reminded by many writers today of the overemphasis on victory; the excess publicity, and the superabundant hero worship which caused the decadence-uf Greek sport is likely to cause the downfall of modem athletic systems, the most elaborate systems in this nation. Professional tendencies have crowded out amateurish activities from the standpoint of the “big gate,” but if the meet that will take place here tonight and tomorrow night is a harbinger of the future of interscholastic athletics, history will not repeat itself in the lines of “big gates.” The Purdue student body (and Herm Phillips, Boilermaker teaching and showman genius, frankly admits that he doesn’t care if anyone comes to the meet if the students get to see it) will be admitted to both sessions of the championship games for the price of fifty cents, and this can hardly be called professionalism, especially if it is compared to the Butler relays at Indianapolis, which each year packs in 10,000 persons for the price of a buck ($1.00) a head. And the only other indoor meet than can be compared to the meet here today and tomorrow is the far West Coast conference meet and the Milrose Games Of Madison Square Garden. And tonight and tomorrow night, Purdue students are being offered on an open platter a bank night with a reward in every seat—a thrill every minute—and every second. Thanks to one Hermon Phillips, the father of the Butler Relays and genius responsible for this scintilating display of human skill and endurance.—^j.p.d.
Queen Ann Reigns Over Track Mixer Tomorrow night the Big Ten track meet will be honored at the mixer. Ann Ostrander will act as queen, and the main feature of the evening will be the presentation of the winners of the day’s track events. Music will be furnished by Paul Reedy and his orchesti’a. Decorations representing the Big Ten schools have been planned. Pennants, school colors, and a backdrop depicting the track events of the day will be displayed.
Student Chess Team Ties With Indianapolis CAA This last week the Purdue Student Chess Team played the Central Chess Association of Indianapolis in two hotly contested sets which ended in a tie. The first set was lost by the students of the campus team by a score of 4-6, but in the second set the campus faculty team made a comeback by jumping in the lead to win 6-4. c.r.m. Newman Club . . . will hold a communion breakfast Sunday morning after the 9:30 o’clock mass at St. Mary’s church.
Silks ‘''Hang Right’
only when the proper softening oils are present in the fabric.
$anitone Cleaning Restores Softening HI Oils after cleaning, a job that ordinary r hflllP cleaning cannot do.-—So send American your Silks today.
Friday^ March 1941
fiuhdua, £xponiad.
The ^th Colnmii Official figures by the Axis powers show that to ‘date they have sunk or badly damaged 34 British battleships or battle cruisers. Thirteen aircraft carriers have also been sent to the bottom. And 71 submarines accounted for. Which is all very interesting, in light of the fact that when the war began ... Britain had fifteen battleships. / ♦ * * Seven aircraft carriers.
And 58 submarines.
Which puts them sort of in the hole according to our way of figuring. And leads us to believe that Adolph and Benito must be slightly misinformed . . . Or else their fleets have been kicking the devil out of one another. >i< * * Further figures indicate that out of the 186 destroyers the Admiralty had on hand before Hitler muscled in, only 144 have so far been put out of commission. Leaving the British 41 destroyers . . . And the King’s yacht. • * * * At that rate it won’t be long before King George can go on record as officially changing the old cry of “My kingdom for a horse.” To k swap for a row boat. * * « We’ve been thinking about the business somewhat
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at tfae post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 80, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Bagemeyer Publication Staff ^ News Editor. J. .H. MoKee Managing Editor. D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree J. A. Furceli, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. BusTnon Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglenj^er; Aecounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor — — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. p, Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y, , Staff For This Issue SPORTS EDITION Night Editors: Adamson, Johnson, Swaim Night Sports Editors: Adamson, Johnson, Swaim Co-ed Editors: Adamson, Johnson, Swaim Staff: Adamson, Johnson, Swaim, Keeler, Fraser, Meier, Clark, Young, Hummel, Miller, DeMars, Dawson, Dolan.
though, and it seems to us that the British must be painting battleships on backdrops for the Nazis to shoot at. It wouldn’t cost as much and Hitler seems satisfied. Now if they could only paint London on a super backdrop, and tow it out to sea . . . They might be able to sleep nights.—dkh
Mixed Recreation To Be Held Tomorrow Evening Mixed recreation will be held Saturday night in the Women’s gymnasium at 7 o’clock. Girls especially are urged to attend. Badminton, ping pong, and shuffleboard will be played until 5:30 when students may dance until 10:30. The swimming pool will be open until 8:30.. a.c.
Safety glass is being used in television receivers to protect the user against shock from the high voltage used in such receivers.
^ NSW
HELD OVER ONLY TWO MORE DAYS WHAT FUN! WHAT LAFFS! Now IN PERSON m tte Scroeo! Abner
Baud ca United Feature Comic by Ai Capp RKO RADIO Ftchim
CEHUINC FILTERS FOR MEOICO PIPES PRCHEO ONLY IN THIS REO a BLACK •OX
^onH. HEDICO Filtered Sntdking in FRANK MEDICO Pipes, Cigarette or Cigar Holders is bringing extra joy to armies of smokers.lfsthewisest dollar you ever spent.
PLUS-
THE EAST SIDE KIDS As Tough and Wise-Cracking As Ever! IN BOYS OF THE CITY WITH BOBBY JORDAN LEO GORCEY
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
mmm WITH DOh^ALD WOODS — AND —
ITTER awdhuhotuWmiTEFUSH vfluniifJifiE A MONOGRAM B1CTUB.E. —ALSO 'WINNERS OF THE WEST" Serial
—TODAY - SATURDAY—
CECIL KDeMIILE All profits r^lized from this film will be donated to war emergency welfare by the Motion Picture Industry.
Second Series of Our Amazing Bargains Colgate Tooth Powder Large Size and Regular Size
41c 35c Mum 29c / 25c Band-Aid 19c 50c Jergen's Lotion with 25c Jar of Face Cream 39c Yardley Shaving Bowl $1.00 and Many More UNIVERSITY DRUG CO. tree Delivery DIAL 4094
MADS Starts TOMORROW
INET OUVU DiUVILUND Imubirry
LAST TIMES TODAY
JANE WITHERS
it
CHARGES (BilddymOGERS
Fresh Pot Burning Ceremonies Cause ^ Hectic ClasS: Battle By JIM FRASER Jumping the gun for the 17th year in succession, a rampaging freshman class stormed up to Stuart Field at 8 o’clock last night and there in the all consuming flames of smoky fire, destroyed that identifying badge of their rank, the lowly pot. A boisterous crowd of 500 fraternity freshmen and Cary Hall men joined in the annual demonstration traditionally set for St. Patrick’s Day. After taking out their wrath on their pots, thfe fraternity freshmen' straggled back to their respective houses, there to discover that their pranks ha4 not made much of a hit with the actives. Barrages of fruit, mashed potatoes, and firecrackers greeted their attempts to force an entrance. If the rhinies were lucky enough to gain' their goal, they discovered that the fun had just begun, for once inside, they found themselves in the midst of a “show no mercy” brawl. Casualties were numerous and broken windows, dehinged doors, and razed staircases numerous. As usual the rhinies are claiming a major victory in the latest phase of the school’s eternal interclass strife.
TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
ALSO-
mNHm
Ytovf^TI\)Olvf stockings BATBBD nr •vnKCIOVS COSMETIC OILS’** ... Bver-So-E«in(ly SeenCedl
rj ^W\j:ys
a tgMtiek. ehjttjngjB ta eMaj^uutJbmeMtt . . . . .. slip into these sheerer-yet-stronger stockings bathed in "Precious Cosmetic Oils"*... delicately scented with "Joie
de Vivre" by Ybry.
You’ll find them divinely flattering .. . your infallible aid 'n lending a dash of glamour to
the new fashionsl
79c-$1
Sheer... for Daytime Sfnartness Sheerer... for Teatime Loveliness Sheerest... for Glamour Set te Musk
JOIN our Northmont HOSIERY CLUB The 13 th Pair FREEm
rv-
I fijifudutL £xtufitsnt-
Fridoy. Wch 7, 1941
fi/o^ 3 > TlaiuaA,
Biq Ten Meets Draw Matmen^ Swimmers
Gridders Practice On Muddy Field As Spring Drill Opens Undaunted by a snow covered field and some very cold “football weather,” approximately J 46 candidates for next year’s Boilermaker football squad were sent through the opening session pf spring practice yesterday afternoon. By the actions of the boys it seems that the weather is having little or no effect upon them. Several outstanding freshmen are being watched closely by Coach Elward and members of his staff. Among those who may see a lot of action next fall are: Vem Erk of Richmond; John Andreditch, who starred at Carmel High School of Chicago; Kenny Smock, one of-the best high school backs in Indiana last year, while playing with Shortridge of Indianapolis; and Berry French, a mighty tough tackle from South bakota. Probably the most active and the hardest working gridders so far have- been the guards under the watchful and encouraging tutelage of Coaches Voinoff and Boland, the latter having recently been obtained from Notre Dame^ where he served as head line coach for several years.
Mermen Face Big Ten's Best Today At Iowa Yesterday afternoon 15 Riveter swimmers left for Iowa City and the season’s last and biggest taiik event, the annual Big Ten swimming meet which each year decides the conference champion. The Boilermaker contingent will probably spend most of today relaxing in preparation for the grueling matches which are to be held both tonight and tomorrow evenings. Michigan Favored Although the Wolverines, with their perpetually strong tank squad, are again the odds-on favorite to cop the title, several other conference schools, the Boilermakers included, are conceded a slight chance of scoring an upset. It is expected, however, that competition in the meet will consist primarily of a grand battle for second place. The past records of Ohio State, Northwestern, Minnesota and Iowa all indicate that these squads will afford the Boilermakers some keen competition for that berth.
PEANUTS Planters — Jumbo Redskins Spanish — Hot Roasted
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS Y0U*RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALCREEN'S ORUC STORES 410 Main Street
DRESS UP YOUR OFFICE — MAKE IT MODERN —
WITH ART METAL STEEL OFFICE EQUIPMENT EFFICIENT, ECONOMICAL, ENDURING HAYWOOD'S "Everything for the Office" 5th And Ferry Streets Lafayette, Ind.
Meet Joe Boland
Fifteen Years Of Cpaching Provide New Grid Assistant With Many Thrills
Big Ten Trackmen (Continued from page 1)
two beats, for therein lies about the greatest array of speed, strength and talent the conference, long a breeding ground for international competition men, of the Mid-West has ever known. Who’s A Piker? First and foremost among the visitors IS the swift Myron f*iker, of Northwestern University. Piker, long feared as the man who wopld make Jesse Owen’s indoor dash record appear in the column among those “who have held records,” is expected to tie the mdoor recobd of the dusky flyer’s 60 yard dash. Owen’s mark is 6.1; last season Piker negotiated the same distance in 6.2, but the condition that Hem Phillips has put the dash lanes in has experts wondering if Owen’s -record will stand after tonight or tomorrow night. Piker’s competition will be in tbe form of the fleet all American football player, Sonny Franck, Minnesota and Bud Piel of Michigan. Potent Loft Seekers Even competition rests in the high jump where the real battle of the meet is expected to be held because the two men who tied last season. Smith of Northwestern, and Canham of Michigan, are back this season in their dual fight to see which can best defy the laws of gravity without the aid of a pole. Both lads got as high as 6-4 last season, and brother that’s all but using springs in your heels. Archie Harris, Indiana’s great negro athlete, who recently won the all-around award at Illinois Relays, IS in town bent on repeating in the shot put championship. Watson, also atiegro of a few season’s ago Michigan team, holds the shot record of 61-8-%. Harris has shot 60 feet. Get Your Tickets Tickets for students are on sale for the price of fifty cents that will entitle the holder to see both ses-
By ED YOUNG 1 Yes, our new line coach, Joe Boland, hp,s a son but Joe doesn’t know whether he’s going to be a football player or not. The youngster is nearing his fifth birthday making it a bit early to detect gridiron prowess.^ Boland has been married since 1931 and the couple have another _child, a girl of eight months. There’s an interesting story behind this marriage, so read on. Yes, oiir new line coach, Joe • ' ' ' ———
Boland, has a son but Joe doesn’t know whether he’s going to be a football player or not. The youngster is nearing his fifth birthday making it a bit early to detect gridrion prowess. Boland has been married since 1931 and the couple have another child, a • girl of eight months. There’s an interesting story behind this man^iage, so read on. Interested In All Sports Although his favorite sport and chief interest is football, the exNotre Dame tackle is interested in all sports and participates in some. “I’m a terrible golfer,” he ventm'ed, “but like to play it.” For the past eight years he has worked part-time in radio as a sportscaster, describing football games at WCCO, Minneapolis, and a wide variety of sports at WSBT, South Bend. Over the latter station he reported among other things, basketball, golf, and motor-boat lacing. Boland played left tackle on the Irish teams of 1924, 1926, and 1926 and was a teammate of the late Noble Kizer on the ’24 squad. At the very end of that season he received his greatest thrill as a player
1 M Schedules The-following fraternities are scheduled to play today Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Gamma Rho, Tau Epsilon Phi, Alpha Sigma Phi, Delta Tau Delta, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Gamma Delta, Sigma Nu, Theta Chi, Theta Xi, Beta Sigma Psir Phi-Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa and Pi Kappa Phi o t c
sions of the meet. Dr. Elliott, president of the University, and Major Griffith, conference athletic czar, will act as honorary referee and member of the games committee respectively, Mai Elward is thrfe other member of the game’s committee.
by playing a major part of the Rose Bowl game against Stanford on January 1, 1926. Notre Dame whipped Ernie Nevers and his mates, 27-10. Fortune Frowns It was during the 1926 season that Dame Fortune frowned and smiled on our subject in rapid succession. In the Minnesota game of that year, he incurred a broken leg and was laid low in a Minnesota hospital for ten weeks. He was joinbd by a teammate, Fred Collins, whOTe jaw had been broken. ' The pair were a long way from home and were feeling pretty low one day when they were visited by a “cheer-up” expedition. Among those who called that day was a University of Minnesota co-ed, a student of journalism, who took Boland’s eye. “I did the rest,” he admitted and they were mariied in 1931. Joe says that the tale has been misinterpreted many times and that his wife often is greetd with, “You used to be a nurse, didn’t you?” You can imagine how annoying this must be to a journalist. Let’s get it stiaight. She wasn’t a nurse Greatest Thrill The Irish-Ohio State game of 1936 provided Boland with the greatest thrill of his coaching career. Notre Dame counted three touchdowns in the last ten minutes to erase a 13-10 Ohio lead and post an 18-13 triumph. Joe remarked that Grantland Rice, Ted Husing and other newspapermen and sportscasters forgot all about their typewriters and notes and became raving fans. Boland has been impressed by the fine spirit shown by tfie squad so far and their willingness to work. We all wish you a lot of luck here, Joe.
five Wrestlers Leave For Ohio State Matches
Leaving by automobile yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock, the Boilermaker mat contingent traveled to Columbus, O., where they will participate in the two day Western Conference wrestling meet at Ohio State University today and tomorrow. Working on the theory that a few well placed men will fare better against the stiff opposition afforded by the other Big Ten schools. Coach Claude Reeck has selected five top flight men for his entry in the meet. Heading the squad is Co-captain Casey Fredericks who operates fai the 121 pound class with amazing success and consistency. In his two years of competition he has yet to drop a match in a dual meet. TPhis season, his junior year, Casey rang the bell for 39 points and the distinction of being the top point getter for the Riveter team. Oddly enough the remaining four men on the squad are sophomores completing their first year of active varsity encounters, and in view of the fact that the season’s record reveals a margin of four victories to three defeats and a deadlock the prospects for the coming seasons appear much brighter than they have for the past few years. ^ Riveters vs. Hoosiers Jack Foster, who, incidentally, is Fredericks’ roommate, and who wrestles in the 136 pound division, is second high point man of the yepr with 31 markers chalked up to his credit. There is_a possibility that both Fredericks and Foster wiB face opposing matmen from Indiana University; namely, Antonacci, intercollegiate champion in the 121 pound division, and Wilson, Big Ten champ in the 136 pound class. Foster and Wilson have met twice this season with the result that each gained a victory at the other’s expense. The remainder of the squad is composed of Bob Britt, at 145; Joe Hlinka, a 166 pounder; and Frank Ruggieri, a heavyweight. - Indiana University’s well rounded outfit emerged victorious in last year’s event, and with Antonacci, Wilson, and Lazzari forming the nucleus of the team, they are rated as having a good chance for a repeat. r.w.d.
5 0 2 3
3 0 1
GO IN A CAB TO THE CABARET Inside dope has it that the girls are looking for fellows with cars. If you don’t own such a. thing, yopr next best bet is to go hi a YELLOW CAB. YELLOW CAB CO./ -' ?> /;‘;4 f if; ,4 ^
• ’"■ V , ^ I •'(,“ . a >f ^ ^ >4'* "f 4 .* I’V '"#'*>' t 5'- '> <’' ' ■'* " ’ , ^ >1
:^j 4v
S^aqa Ih-SpokiA
Friday, March 7, 1941
fiiUuilUL fxpOtUML
Nine Senior Candidates Vie For May Queen Election Today
Which Of These LoveliesWill Be The Lucky Girl?
Open Letter To The Student Body
Dear Folks, We suppose you have already reoeived your Dad’s Day News, but this is just a little reminder. Please come up for “Mid Term Folks Day” Saturday, March 15. It is going to be one day on the University calendar that both of you can be here at the same time. In the afternoon the university’s best bowlers will bowl Doc Miller’s “Pin Rollers.” Later in the afternoon Campus Capers will be presented by the sororities on the campus, followed by a tea dance. We will have dinner and then go to see “Harem Scarem” or “The Sultan Was A Lady,” presented by the Dads and Mothers’ Committee. This show is a musical comedy written and performed entirely by students on the campus.
We hope you will come and make this your Purdue week-end. Love, Mary and John. P. S. Bring the car!
Notices
RemoTal of Condition* in En^Iith nnd Spaoeh: Examination* will be held in room 101 of the Education buildincr Saturday. March IB, at 1 p. m. —CREIEK.
All Men: Interested in all-campus ping pong please sign up immediately on entry sheet posted on bulletin board outside Intramural office. —MARY.
CB 41 Students With C Or I Grades: Makeup examination will be held on March 16, room 125, Heavilon Hall. Permission to take the exam must be obtained fi^m me before March 12. —GREVE.
GE 16: Descriptive Geometry make-up examination for removal of “C” and “I" grades will be held Saturday, March 16, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308, Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made by March 14. —ELROD.
Reamers: Smoker in Faculty Lounge of Union, Monday, March 10, at 7:30 p. m. We vote on members. Everyone be there. —ROHLIN.
Removal of Conditions in GE 11 and GB 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Golden shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. —RISING.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering building. JS.. C. Miles will give a demonstration lecture on “Practical Variable Frequency Transmitter Control." —FREED.
KILL TWO BIRDS WITH ONE STONE Attend the BIG TEN INDOOR TRACK MEET at the Purdue Fieldhouse Friday and Saturday and then walk across the street and shop in West Lafayette's most modern, most beautiful and most convenient FOOD STORE.
PICCLVWKCLY
All Radio'Club Members: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering building, A treasurer and secretaVy wiJI be elected for the remainder of the semester. —FREED.
Episcdpal Students: Holy Communion at University Presbyterian Church, North Street near North Grant, at 9:00 a. m. on
Sunday, March 9. —THORNTON.
Newman Club: The monthly Communion for all members of the club will take place at St. MaryV church Sunday, March 9, at 9:30 Mass. Breakfast '^ill be served afterwards and as usual entertainment is on the program. —BENNA.
PI A Eds and Co-eds: Those desiring work on Social Committee report at South Ballroom at 3:00, Saturday, March 8. —ELDER.
NYA Workers; Checks for period ending February 15 are now available at Cashier’s ( ffice in Eexecutive building. —HOLX.ENSBE.
Hillel Foundation: Don’t miss the/‘HoboHop’’ this Saturday night. Dancing 9 to 12. The dance will be held at the temple, 7th and Alabama. —WOLF.
4 p. m. Friday, March 15.
—MAC FARLAND.
Reamers: Smoker will be hel4 Tuesday, March ll, instead of Mondag Pjevlously announced. Faculty Lounge,' 7530 p. m.
—bohein.
CE 12 Examination: The examination for removal of C and I grades in CE 21 will be given from 1-4 p. m., Saturday, March 16, in room 301. of the CE building. Please consult me at once. —P. E. SORIBSON.
Purdue Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. Gordon Endres will speak. Refreshments. —BROWN.
Union Workers: All possible workers at any time Fiiday afternoon. Please report to thi South Ballroom. —WOLFF and SCHAUPP.
WSSF House Representatives: Please make reports on total receipts to date between 4 to 6 p. m. today; bring boxes to Student Union office Saturday afternoon. -BELCHER.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, March 8, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-E, room 201, Civil Engineering Building; F-K, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; L-R, room 264, Electrical Building, S-Z, room 129, Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Co-ed Capers: There will be a meeting of the chairmen of the stunts for Co-ed Capers, Friday at 4 o’clock in the YWCA office in the Union. Please be present. —JULIN. .
All Students: Skating party, Saturday, March 8. Meet at Westminster Church for games and recreation at 8:00 p. m. Skating at Maple Point from 10:30 to 12:30 Price, 26 cents a person. Those with cars admitted free. —EMERSON.
Religious Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, March 7, at 4 :00 p. m. in room 68 of the Union Open to all interested. —MOFFETT.
Glider Club: Debris pictures will be taken in the south ball room at 5 :00 p. m today Please wear suits, and be prompt. —SHEDRICK.
Classified Ads
FOB SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, 220.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
Jean Chandler Yvonne Holden Peg Terstegge Jean Jones Ruth Bennett Rosemary Feil Merle Hagemeyer Vickie Milea Georgia Carroll THIS IS THE DAY that seniors vote for the May Day Queen. The polling place will be near the front entrance "of the Union, main floor. Nine candidates are in the running for the honor and in order voters may identify their favorite, pictures of the beauties will appear nfear the polls. Passports will be required in order to obtain a ballot. Polls will open at 8 o'clock and will remain open until 5 o'clock. EXPONENT PHOTOS BY ARCHIBALD
Surveying (CE 6): Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, -March 16. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMMEL.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Friday at four. Next evening rehearsal Tuesday. —SWOPE.
WAA Fencing ? Practices will be held at 4pm Friday. March 7, and Tuesday, March 11 Final match will be played at
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cam for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
All Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball starts this week: today, Friday and next Monday. Freshmen and sophomores practice at 4 p. m. and juniors and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLEIGH.
All T & I E Students: Iota Lambda Sigma, T & I E scholastic honorary, is sponsoring a dinner meeting of all T & I E students at 6 p. m. Tuesday, March 12, in room 236 of the Union. Purchase tickets in room 209 of the Education building before Saturday. —FITZSIMMONS.
ALAN'S Main Street at 4th
lieaulQ Salon
Bring Your Problems to Mr. Long! You’ll he glad you did
Mr. Jack long MANAGER
Strqggly Hair? No one looks twice at dull, lifeless hair or straight, straggly ends! Be sure your hair is Soft, curly and alluring with a new Permanent to insure you loads of compliments!
For
Appointments, and all Cosmetic Needs Dial .4281 Miss Mary Krabbe
Continuous Soft Water
LUCIEN LELONG has a dcvcr new way to match your Spring make-up to new Spring colors—
^iiPsricK Ut. a.meJu-up l»i^
You know by the color of the bag what colors the make-up matches
• tight noutke-up kits ia the new Spriag s^e colors hold LudeoLelong's oiatch make-up. If you're goiog to wear a new hloe—buy Pif Paf Pof in the blue case—and ypur make-up will be correct. For the new reds, choose a red PIf Paf ]^. So simple! • Be fashion-wise di|s Spring! Come in lor several Pif Paf Pufa and joi will be asrs your make-up ia correct. Pfrf Pttf wUb Ptufthr, JKasf sv L^itkk amd P»(0 ^1'
Special Reduced Prices On Discontinued
Items
by Lucien LeLong
TIC-TAC-TOE—
79t
Three lipsticks in clever suede case. Reg. $1,00.-
EAU DE COLOGNE— Reg. $1.00 size 79c Heg. 1.50 size.... Reg. $2.50 size $1.49 Reg. $4.00 size....
89c J2.39
LUCIEN LELONG BATH SOAP— Regular $1.00 box of 4 bars, i ‘QOf (slightly soiled) t bars J#V
DECKER’S
518-20 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036
im