t J. ' i"' ! VI
''if,
. s f' I 111^
!*' * !
fl tk
I ' ,„ 3:
. '..'tt'%’; fy, V «■! '■'''.*»®
0[he PuriluE lExponeitt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, PEIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1936
NUMBER 10
HGHTING SPIRIT WILL CONTINUE AT PEP SESSION TONIGHT AT 7:30
Boy Scouts To See Game
Activities Will Start In Morning; Big Parade At 12:30
Between 3,000 and 4,000 Boy Scouts, who will be the guests of the athletic department, will be among the most enthusiastic spectators in the Ross-Ade stadium tomorrow afternoon for the PurdueOhio University game. Advance reservations of Scouts had mounted to near 3,000 late yesterday afternoon, according to E. L. Wheeler, Scout executive of the Tippecanoe area council, who is in general charge of the arrangements for the Scouts’ entertainment during the day, and it was expected that late registrations would shoot the total well up toward 4,000.
Activities Boy Scout Day activities will begin bright and early at headquarters to be established in the Memorial Union Building, where all visiting troops will register and receive their admission credentials. During the morning, the visitors will be taken on special tours of the campus in groups leaving at regular intervals, with members of Alpha Phi Omega, the Boy Scout fraternity, acting as guides. One of the features of the day will be the Boy Scout Day parade which will form on the campus at 12:30 o’clock. Headed by the Jefferson high school band,*i?the,parade will form in front of the power hoqSe in the center of the campus and wend its way to the stadium where the Scouts will be seated in specially reserved sections on the east side of the field.
Radio Club Plans
Program For Year
Close to 50 radio enthusiasts met last night in the Memorial Union annex, room A, to launch the 1936 season of the Radio club, and make arrangements for the use of the
club’s station, W9YB.
Organization plans were drawn up and election of officers was sched-
uled for the next meeting.
S. G. Lutz, of the electrical engineering school, explained the conditions under which those of the club members who are licensed operators may use the club’s station equipment, located on the ground floor of the Electrical Engineering Building.
Louie Lowe Will Conduct Orchestra From 9 Till 12 At TonighFs Mixer
Louie Lowe, ’28 graduate and original Gold and Black Aces singing star, who will bring his orchestra to the campus tonight to play for the Union mixer.
Plan Given For More Cooperation Among Honoraries
Closer cooperation among the engineering societies and also with the Purdue Engineer was discussed at a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the office of Dr. A. A. Potter,, dean of the schools of engineering. Present at tlje discussion ,’were Dean Potter, editor of the Engineer, and presidents of the societies. It was suggested that the several societies hold joint meetings when one speaker could address the memberships of more than gne organization. Under the new mutual assistant plan, many helpful suggestions were made concerning the running of meetings and the obtaining of speakers. Tau Beta Pi is to act as leader of the cooperating societies, and the Engineer is to be the publication organ of the combine. An explanation was given of the advantages of the plan of offering the Engineer and admission to the societies for one combined fee.
Forum Group Discusses Fraternal Advantages
Dean Fisher To Address Wesley Foundation
The program of the Wesley Foundation for Sunday will contain a talk by Professor Porter to the men’s Sunday school class at the church at 9:30 a. m., on the relation of science and religion, while the co-ed class will meet for their lesson at the Fcundation House. At 6 o’clock there will be the usual Fellowship hour and supper, followed by a talk by Dean Fisher to a meeting of the Epworth League on the subject “Fraternities: to Join or No?” at 6:30.
Nino Martini To Sing On Chesterfield Pirogram
Nino Martini, Metropolitan opera star, will appear weekly on the Wednesday night Kostalanetz dance orchestra program over the Columbia broadcasting system at 8 p. m. <CST) beginning Sept. 80. Kay Thompson, Ray Heatherton end the Rhythm Singers will continue as the features of the Friday night broadcast. Both programs are sponsored by Chesterfield cigarettes.
Policemen of Jnpan operating, outside urban centers have been instructed to help the jobless get employment.
“Advantages and disadvantages of fraternity and sorority life” was the topic discussed by a student forum which met last night in the faculty lounge of the Union, under the supervision of the Religious Council. Led by Miss Sarah Schaaf, president of the Pan-Hellenic Council, the forum raised points both for and against group life. Better scholarship, fostered hy fraternity loyalty, and a wider social life favored the campus organizations while embroilment in political factions and disappointments due to failure of the student to attain membership in his chosen group were arguments used against the system.
Westminster Group To Hpld Drop-In Tonight
Following the pep session tonight, Westminster Foundation will hold an informal drop-in for students at the Foundation House, J.29 Sheetz Street. Games and entertainment will be on hand for those attending.
FRESHMAN GIRLS
Preshmqn girls who intend to go through rush week must register at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building Saturday, September 26, from 10 a. m. till 2 p. m. —SCHAAF.
Louie Lowe and his orchestra will
play for the mixer this evening and for the Senior Cord Dance tomorrow night. Tonight’s mixer will be held from 9 till 12 o’clock and the regular mixer price of one dollar will be charged. Lowe, who graduated in 1928 as a civil engineer, had acting parts in the Harlequin club and in musical comedies on the campus. He was the singing star in the original Gold and Black Aces. After building up his own orchestra, he played for several years at the Indianapolis Athletic club. This year he is playing at the Hotel Severn instead of his own place, “The Trees,” which he made well known.
Cord Parade Tomorrow
Group Host ToHomeEc’s
Freshnien Attend First Meeting Of Virginia C. Meredith Club
Freshman home economics siu^ dents were guests of the Virginia C. Meredith club yesterday afternoon aL4 o’clock at the organization’s first meeting of the year held in the Home Economics Building. A short business meeting was held in the auditorium during which Dean Matthews explained the purpose of the cltlb. Mary Tyler listed the qualifications for Omicron Nu, the honorary for juniors in the school of home economics, after which Mary Wilson discussed the Omicron Nu medal to be given next spring to the freshman girl showing the most personality, scholarship, and service.. Each year the outstanding freshman is awarded a scholarship and a two week’s trip to St. Louis for study in the field of home economics.
Demonstration There will be a demonstration of cosmetics at the next meeting, to be held October 15. Committees announced for the year included: social, Mildred Mills, chairman, with Pay O’Bannon, Mary Hudson, and Caroline Hauk as her assistants. Other committees include program, MarV Wien, chairman; Georgia Elliot, Helen Conver, Flora Holt; membership committee, Nina Dewitt, chairman, Marjorie Pierce, Florence Senior.
WRH, Cary HaU To Hold Picnic At Stewart Home
Picnic season is drawing to a close with a grand flourish. Tonight Cary Hall escort the Women’s Residence Hall to the country home of R. B. Stewart for picnicking and dancing. Last night two picnics were held. The pharmacy school held their annual affair at Murdock park, and mentors entertained transfer women at the W. A. A. cabin.
Rooters To Meet Band In Village; Kizer To Talk
Group Will March To North Stuart Field; Gimlet, Skull And Crescent Sponsors Meeting
Tonight at 7:30 sharp the lingering echo of the fighting spirit from the loyalty convo last night will be taken up anew in the form of a pep session on North Stuart Field in preparation for the Ohio University game tomorrow. The band will lead the students and townspeople from the village, where they are
asked to meet, out to the field.
Seniors To Sport Derbies And Cigars; Custom Originated In ’06
Senior cords will be flaunted tomorrow afternoon as the annual Cord Day parade gets under way with each school attempting to beat the record set last year when the school of mechanical engineers was represented by 90 per cent of its seniors to win the G. A. Young silver trophy. At 1:30 o’clock all seniors will
All seniors meet on Stuart Field Saturday at 1:30 for the cord parade. Report to your group leader: Ag, Townsend; Ch. E., Hunt and Perkins; C. E. Ewoldt; E. E., Morris and Loehr; M. E., Dwight and Wait; Pharm., C. Brewer; Sgi. Farquharson.
meet by schools on Stuart Field and will march to Ross-.^de Stadium where they will take their places in the senior section. Frosh Interference In spite of freshman interference, a large percentage of each school is expected to represent it. Black derbies to be thrown high at the first Purdue touchdown and black cigars will add finishing touches to the costumes. The custom was originated in 1906 and has been greatly changred, but today it is receiving more enthusiasm than ever.
Psychology Night Course Offered
Annouucers Must Enter
Applications Today
Written applications by students desiring to announce the football games of the coming season should be submitted to C. E. Dammon', director of WBAA, at the Engineering Administration Building by today noon. Applicants should list all previous football experience. A special audition will be held at 7 o’clock tonight in the station^at which the announcer for the Ohio University game will be selected.
Pres. Elliott Returns
Pres. B. C. Elliott returned by airplane this morning from New York City, where he addressed a conference on better housing which was sponsored by the New York Herald Tribune^'
An evening course in “The Psychology of Public Opinion” will be offered by the education division of the University, beginning Tuesday evening. Sept. 29, at 7 o’clock in room 6 of the Education Building. It will be given Tuesday evenings regularly, Drs. C. L. Morgan, T. K. Noss, H. H. Remmers, and L. W. Josselyn, of the University education department, being in charge of the course. The course will be open to all interested people in two classes—listeners and those taking it for credit. The subjects to be considered will be the nature of public opinion as it is affected by advertising, news, education and propaganda.
Former Purdue Athlete Dies After Operation
Fred W. Eggeman, M. E. ’10, died in Fort Wayne yesterday following an appendix operation a week ago Thursday. He was 54 years old. Mr. Eggeman, a popular student and an athlete, was captain of the varsity squad in 1909. During the World War he served at Camp Taylor, Kentucky, as an infantry major. The widow, a brother, former Judge John W. Eggeman, and four sisters survive. The funeral services will be held at Fort Wayne, Sunday.
Mrs. Meredith Better
Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, only woman member of %e University board of trustees, is improving after three weeks of serious iBness.
The line of march will be up State Street to Urant and out Northwestern where the bonfire will be lighted just as the line reaches the field. The band will open with “Hail, Hail the Gang’s All Here,” to be followed with talks by Noble Kizer, head football coach. Captain George Bell and Cecil Is bell. It is hoped that Pres. E. C. Elliott will be able to be on hand to say a few words to the crowd. Cheers After the talks Walt Burnell, head cheer leader, will lead yells for the crowd. The band will close the session with “Hail Purdue”. It is hoped that the session will be short and snappy with plenty of enthusiasm, so the crowd will get home early and come tomorrow to back a fighting team. The pep session is being sponsored by the Gimlet club and Skull and Crescent who will gather the wood for the bonfire.
University Farm Opens Sixteenth Annual Swine Day
The sixteenth annual University Swine Day will open this morning at 10 o’clock at the University’s experimental swine farm located three miles north of here. The influence of various feeds and feeding methods on the rate of cost and rate of weight gains in hogs will be the principle topic for discussion. University agricultural staff members will be at the farm to explain to the visitors the results of tests conducted in the experimental lots on various groups of hogs. Further results of the University’s experimental work will be discussed this afternoon at the Livestock Judging Pavilion. Professor W. L. Robinson, of the Ohio experiment station, will be the principal speaker at the afternoon program.
Trustees To Meet Today To Discuss WRH Plans
4,500 Attend ' Loyalty Convo
In Jeff Gym
Band, Sports Writers And Others On Pro-
gram At Meeting
^Out of the Tuins of adversity Purdue will rise to greater glories. Such was the keynote of the loyalty meeting which was attended last night by 4,500 students and townspeople in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. The University band opened the meeting with “Back to Old Purdue” as the football team entered, hailed by loud cheers. ^ Herb L. Graves, president of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, introduced the master of ceremonies, L. A. Downs, ’94, president of the Illinois Central Railroad, and member of the University’s first undefeated football team in 1892. Joe Andrew, state representative in the Indiana Legislature, gave the keynote speech in which he pledged loyalty to the team from the people of Lafayette, win or lose. Glee Club Sings Directed by A1 Stewart, the University Glee club sang a number written especially for the occasion, containing the old series yell. Elmer Layden, coach at Notre Dame and one of the four horsemen, expressed his sympathy regarding the tragedy of Dahlbeck and McGannon. Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, was the first to mention his jUplief that Purdue’s team has a good fighting spirit. He also stated that no prominent football player ever led a so-called ‘bred” activity, at which Deac Reisner was the first to cheer. Next in the line of sports writers was Bill Fox, of the Indianapolis News, who could “hear the fraternity pins dropping from Ohio University’s team as Purdue hit them.” He made the comparison of John Paul Jone^, who fought on with afl but three of his guns silenced, to our football team with two of its (Continued on page 4)
Glider Club Takes
19 New Members
The finance committee of the board of trustees met yesterday to discuss the various plans and details relative to the building of the new Women’s Residence Hall. Today the whole board will meet to receive the conti actors’ bids. The PWA has agreed to provide $142,000, approximately half the total cost.
Frosh Co-ed Honorary Meets To Discuss Plans
Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed honorary, met Wednesday evening in the Union Building. Plans were made for conducting freshman women through the library and explaining its various uses and advantages, Each school represented will select a group of girls to take charge of these trips. Initiation will be held on October 18, for freshman girls who made distinguished last semester.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthSy meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, Sept. 28, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall, A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
The University Glider dub accepted nineteen of the several Score of applicants for membership that were submitted. Unless die initiation and field dues are paid by October 1 the membership is automatically canceled and the next applicant in line will be voted upon by the club. Plying releases will be distributed to the new members on or before the meeting next Thursday for parental approval unless the applicant is of age. The following applicants were approved by the club: P. Beatty, J. R. Bernstein, J. Brithwaite, C. M. Bui'kholder, C. Christie, S. FarweH, J. E. Hammer, J. C. Hess, M. Hinkle, E. K. Howard, M. Johmon, R. B. Langohr, W. B. Love, W. W. Moore, W. C. Musham, R. S. Osborne, W. B. Strong, E. Wells and H. C. Wing. The club suggests that those who were not accepted become better acquainted with the dub and fte activities by coming out to the University airport or to any other plasw of club activity as there will undoubtedly he more vacancies in the neai' futum.
Pioneer Aviatrlvi University Airport
The University airport received a visit from Mrs. Phoehe Ondlie, former head of the air marking division of the Bureau of Air Commerce, Departtnent of Commerce, Wedneaday afternoon. Mrs, Onuiie wa^ accompanied fcy. Stella Aker, national democratie campai^ speaker, enocouto to Bloomington. Caphi^ Arett ^wed them the University ca>hpmi aftft ;an kisipittifliiof tbjoaitfott, >• >
i "J'-'-w/4" ' . -
/ f t f i-r^
.m1 .v.,^A'^>M’?V^''<.y‘-»'';'M< ^ t -T ^ ■> J J
V( >
'tilv
'f’%i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, Septembei!' 25> il986
Boilermakers showed their true colois in the loyalty meeting last night. This evening they have another opportunity to show how they are backing the team. The pep session tonight should be one of the most vigm^m tmi J«y1 M wmu. Students, fheolty, and townspeople will turn out to lend their voices in the cheering, and, by their very presence, to show how much they love Purdue. Preceding as it does what appears to be one of the most difficult games on this year’s schedule, it is essential that all be on hand to give the team added strength Will you be there?
The Colleges Answer A Question American universities and colleges are continually receiving support in then own affirmative answer to the often repeated query, “Does it pay to study and make good grades?”—a question that every college student is asked, by himself or by others, innumerable times during his attendance at one of the higher institutions of learning. The colleges themselves have long supplied a ready response by giving the students with high scholastic ranking privileges in classroom attendance, fieedom in the selection of study curriculum, rebates on fees, and by granting them scholarships and fellowships. Recently, Dean Kenneth M. Kerans, of Los Angeles Junior College, reports that he has been granted permission by the California Youth Administration to pay all NYA students in the college with superior grades fifty cents an hour, an increase of fourteen cents an hour over the present rate. “We are being given the assistance of the state NYA in establishing this higher rate as a means of rewarding good scholarship,” says the dean. In the state of New York the minimum grade standard of students permitted to hold NYA jobs has been raised for future appointments. The colleges are making it pay to make good grades—in college, at least. —R P. M
Lost—Good Breeding The othei day a freshman was criticized by some upperclassmen for his politeness to a waitress in a cheap town tavern. He replied, “My parents have spent time, money, and tears to make me somewhat of a gentleman, and I’m not going to waste their efforts.” There is a lot to what he said Besides the returns a student owes to his parents on their investment, a rather materialistic but sensible viewpoint, he owes it to himself to maintain in himself the qualities that will prove of value to himself in later life All too often a student with a stock of culture and breeding comes to a university and is made to feel that it IS unmanly to be gentlemanly Upperclassmen try to “wise up” the newcomers It is not the purpose of this article to comment on the merits and demerits of smoking, drinking, and gambling, but it is to point out to the newcomer that these things should not be forced upon him—that he should not force them upon himself in order to be a regular fellow. In spite of their attitudes, persons who do not possess the qualities that make a gentleman really envy those who do. Gentle breeding, proper manners, and decent conduct are as much an asset in the University as they are elsewhere—as much an asset now as at any other time. Therefore, it behooves the newcomer to take things easy. If he cares to take up new habits he should do so gradually and with the full consent of his reason. It IS only in this manner that the results of years of training—^that the qualities that mean more than mere “book learning”—^may not be lost in an effort to do as the Romans do—in an effort to be a real “college student ”—J. E B.
A spirit Of innovation is generally the result of a selfish temper and confined views. People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors.—^Burke.
The whole purpose of education—the only purpose in the final analysis—is to tram for social participations—Charles H Lake.
(Eije $urbae exponent Founded in 18S3 >1
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Disinbutor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST He*iber of National ColleKO Press Association, Bigr Ten Editorial Association ExclnsiTelr Sepresented by National Advertisingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Ehitered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Debvered by mail, $3 50 per year, delivered by earner, $2 60 per year , sold by single copy, 2 cents
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Sditor-in-Chief _ _ _ W. T Hunt Managing Editor „ _ „ EH Morris Associate Editors « K A. Barnette, J E Brock, A H. Forster, R P Manion, C L Sadler
Cfpprts Editor
Ariisoeiate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
ED. Wood
W H Fifield. S R Griffiths R F. Obencham
BUSINESS STAFF JEttwineas M^ger _ ^ _B. J. Hulse Natfonal Advertising Manager _ L H, Brown Local Advertising Manager d. C. Miller Circulation Manager j. p. Girard
Bditor)Adhsertisiiw Manager. mitort - .
WOMEN'S STAFF —— Helen Creech — Betty Barnett ~ Jeanne Janousek, Dons McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
lasna Editor—D. B. Vance.
Readers’ Opinions Th* Exfoneta wxlcomet ammmU */ goed Utt* and reatonAle length from iU reedert.
Eliminating The Ridiculous Purdue traditions are supposed to be regarded with a bit of seriousness, if not reverence. At times, however, laxity crops out in their observance and the effectiveness of them is lessened, and qt other times completely lost. The senior parade at the first football game of the season has taken its place so firmly in Purdue traditions that to the upper class it is regarded as one of the most important events of the school year. But there ofien enter into the affair several individuals whose Actions tend to lesseh its effectiveness and to give it little of the seriousness which it actually deserves. It appears to be natural for some persons to attempt to make themselves conspicuous, and usually they accomplish this in a ridiculous manner. In past years several members of the senior class have endeavored, by means of decorations, to give themselves a laughable appearance, and the parade begins to assume the air of an attempt at humor. The seniors shall be attiied in yellow cords and the traditional headgear—^the debry. Canes shall designate seniors specializing in animal husbandry, and ribbons or painted signs shall be employed to denote the various schools. But any attempt at decorations tending towards a humorous vein should not (be tolerated. The success of the senior parade will be what the members of the class make it. It is a cherished tradition; don’t destioy it—L. O. Buxton, president of Reamer Club.
Editor’s Note: I disagree with the interpretation placed on the annual cord parade in the article above. Why be serious when the affair calls for gaiety because the freshmen of three years ago are now seniors? If certain persons tend toward the ridiculous to show their natural glee at being permitted to wear cords, that is all right. It is an evidence of spirit, not an attempH^rdestroy a tradition. Canes are ordinarily carried by many seniors, regardless of their school.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Old Man Hearst
Whatever you say about Old Man Hearst, and you can certainly say plenty, you can’t call him an ignoramus Even though some of his policies appear grossly wrong, and his papers direct their appeal at the less educated classes of people, he is an uncommonly smart man. But his efforts are direct;ed at the betterment of Old Man Hearst, not at the saving of America or the uplifting of the common people. Ordinarily, when Hearst papers are conducting a violent campaign for something or other, you can bet that Old Man Hearst is going to make, or try to make, some sort of a financial gam. It may be only an attempt to increase his reader circulation through printing scandal above his usual high quota or by red-bait-ing. Or it may be an attempt to get the government to adopt some policy or other which may mean millions to Old Man Hearst, such as the munitions campaign. Sometimes, though, he has the “goodness” to do a thing without any financial gam resulting. But if he does, it is probably because he gets a good deal of personal satisfaction out of ruining an enemy. The wide-spread animosity toward Old Man Hearst IS not merely because of his policies; reports indicate that he is a person disliked and hated for himself. Last year the story was current that he fired a copy boy from one of his papers merely because the poor chap bent over to pick up something he had dropped and happened to get m the old boy’s way. The only time that intelligent people consider restricting the freedom of the press is when they think of Old Man Hearst. When one man makes people even think of such a measure, there must be something wrong with that man And there is!
I never allow myself to become discouraged under any circumstances. The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.—^T. A Edison.
Show me the business man or institution not guided by a sentiment and seivice, by the idea that “he profits most who serves best” and I will show you a man or an outfit that is dead or dying —^B. P. Harris.
Oh! Maybe it was over the sniniiieVi but what happened to the Phi Psi SKINNER and MARIANNE CUMMINGS—or maybe it’s a wise fly who knows the limited radius of a horse’s tail. Now for another verision of “Fishy, fishy”: Fishy, fishy in a brook, EASTBURN catch ’im with a hook. Put him on a frying pan. Now what next, my little man? —WALPOLE. And by the way, there isn’t a helluva lotta time m which to save your country. Just what are you doing— ANYHOW? —^taken. MARTHA WHITCOMB (Theta Transfer), after much persuasion, finally accepted BILL DILLON’S pin late the other night, then rushed huniedly twith blushes and smiles) into the house to display to the good sisters her latest acquisition. IMAGINE her surprise to discover under the strong light that it was a LANDON pin. And now a story from the Chi 0 house* Chi 0 TUBBS used to go with Beta DON WILSON. DON WILSON has a sister. The sister had a boy-friend. The sister’s boy-friend’s name is KEITH CLARK. Then KEITH CLARK came to school. Chi 0 TUBBS now goes with KEITH CLARK. Question: Who is president of the Beta house ’ 1 sneezed a sneeze into the air It fell to earth, I know not where. But hard and cold were the looks of those In the vicinity of where I snoze. —hooked. WRH WOODCOCK, with the aid of the Bell Telephone Company, en-
Why Be A Mere Dancer? Improve your ballroom dancinir by enrolhiiK la our new Adult Advanced Ballroom Class Fri., Sept. 25, 7:30 p.m. Terms Keasonable Phone 2150 P. M. ALLEN, Instructor Graduate Chalif Russian School, New York City; President, ChicaKO Association Masters of Dancint;; Head of Department of Dancing:, Cblver Military Academy
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
It would be better to abandon our over-rapid development of the intellect and to aim rather at training the heart and the affections —Victor Hugo
Mankind is m one of its rare moods of shifting its outlook; some of the compulsion of tradition has lost its force.—Rev. Howard J. Chidlely.
There are men so lacking in initiative that they do not even start for a vacant barber chair until someone gives them the nod.—J. IJ. Newmark.
The world treats its geniuses as it treats dogs in kennels. I wouldn’t advise youth to turn to literature unless it IS seeking martyrdom —Edwin Markham.
FAMILY TODAY - SATURDAY I DOUBLE FEATUR^
BUCKJOHiS
HIDIN'
DYNAMITE!
PLUS ■
Romance in the Tropics “NIGHT CARGO” with LLOYD HUGHES JACQUELINE WELLS
1. Establish student ^EDF-goyernment. 2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 3. Eliminate physical punishment hy honorary and social groups. 4. Eliminate all campus politics.
LUNA
TODAY - SATURDAY o* • Qi
—Prices—
Matinee
15c-36c-50c
16c-26c-35c J/m
m
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“He’s always dozing—^he wants to be a police dog when he grows up.”
ticed her chief consoler to come to Purdue all the way from New York for the week-end. What WONDERS science has made possible (if you have ten dollars). Another little WRH’er, BARBARA PICKETT, says she has been to “the end of the world.” We hear it’s somewhere on the other side of the Wabash. Oh yes, that MARS pass is still awaiting the author of a GOOD Knock, knock.”
Come In and see the Parker Vacumatic Pen at Our Pen and Pencil Counter DECKER’S Phone 6477 518-26 Main St.
We carry a complete line of Parker Pens, Pencils and Quink Ink SOUTHWORTH’S
MAR
TODAY and SATURDAY
SURSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
42—Cast of—42
Including
Emily Darrell Five and-Ten-Cent Cinderella Billy Farrell Ace of Comedians Rita Del Gardi & Co. Greatest of Women Magicians The Clairs Sensational Equilibrists
Margo
Daringly Exotic Daughter of Zoio
Strand Sisters
Lovely to Look Upon
Ruth Foster
Platinum-Tressed Dynamic Stai and Understudy of Eleanor Powell
Sandra Miller
Sloe-Eyed Beauteous Singer
The Glorified American Beauties Frankie Whelan & His Swing Band
Plus An Outstanding Screen Show JOAN BENNETT—JOEL MeCREA
in
“TWO IN A CROWD”
PRICES Matinee
15c——Z5c—30e
Night
15e-v-30c—40e Stage Shows at 3:30-7:15-9:15
I**
% /Ti ^ ^ « A'J-’l i
.> /
^ ’* f^’r
L
l^iday, Septemtieif 26,. 1936
tHE" PUHDUE EXPONENT
fm* Titfig»
'i
'■J '“w®%l
SQUAD READY FOR OHIO UNIVERSITY
80 Men Start All Campub Tennis Contest Today
All campus tennis competition starts today witli eighty men trying for first place in the tournament. The intramural department stated yesterday that no more than this number would be taken. Matches will be at least nine games, and the winner must be at least two up on his opponent. The winner of the tournament will receive a trophy and medals will be given to second and third place winners.
. ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
Today, 4:15 o’clock T. C. Foxworthy vs. H. D. Wilmeth. J. E. Lentz vs. R. E. Ulrich. J. L. Daley vs. L. Meyer. F. Munro vs. U. Frye. A. Chapline vs. J. H.i Johnson. G. Nicklas vs. K. plessing. G. Alexander vs. A. Mickewich. H. Olsen vs. R. Schroder.
5:00 o’clock B. Martin vs. E. C. Svendsen. D. H. Green vs, L. Gardner. E. C. Filstrup vs. D. B, Pontius, W. M. Snyder vs. F, W. Winter. R, B. Meihaus vs. E. H, Duval. R. Richardson vs. M. E, Disney.
Old and Kara
First Editions
<m Exhtbftion and for Sale at
rOlD’WSHOPP
1005 MAIN STREET
Open Evenings and Sundays
JOSEPHUS—1829. J. GriBK. Philadelphia. First Edition; full leather. Two volumes.
FKANCIS RABELAIS. Unexpurgated. London, Privately printed, numbered and istered edition. First edition new. Two
volumes.
JEAN JACQUES ROUSSEAU, The Confessions of. Two privately printed (London), numbered and registered volumes, identical with the Rabelaise. New. First edi-
tion. Unexpurgated.
WORKS OP LORD BYRON. Complete in one volume. Contains all supprew^ pqems. By J. W. Lake. Philadelphia, 1834.
Original full leather.
TYTLER’S HISTORY. First AmeriOan edition, Philadelphia, 1812. Complete in one volume.
THE BEAUTIES OF SCOTLAND, Five volumes. Edinburgh printed, 1805 London published. Steel engraving illustrated
throughout. First edition.
MEMOIRS OF GENERAL WILLIAM T. SHERMAN, by Himself. First edition. St. Louis, 1866. Contains (in pocket of Vol. 1) large official map showing all marches of the Union Army during the war. Perfectly preserved. Two volumes,
dark blue cloth.
OLD SETTLERS Lafayette, 1860. “The Courier Steam and Job Printing House, Ohio Street,” By Sanford Cox. First and
only ed^tion
SKETCHES BY MARK TWAIN. First Titian. Hartford and Chicago, 1875. Pull leather. Also first edition of Tramp Abroad” and an early edition of ‘Rough-
ing It” by the same author.
autobiography op P T BARNUM “Struggles and Triumphs ” First edition,
Hartford, 1870.
LORENZO DOW’S JOURNAL. Pour volumes in one; revised with notes, under title “History of Cosmopolite.” Published by Joshua Martin, Wheeling, W. Va., 1848. ROLLIN’S ANCIENT HISTORY. Two voluihes, first edition, original full leather Cincinnati, 1861. Steel engraving illus-
trated throughout.
IN DARKEST AFRICA. By Henry M. Stanley. Two volumes, original dark cloth.
First edition. New York, 1890,
BATTLES OF THE AMERICAN REVOLU'TION. One volume, full leather By Henry B, Carrington, M. A., LL.D., Col. U. S. Army. New York, Chicago and New Orleans, 1877, With historical and military criticism. Topographically illustrated
First and only edition.
THE DIVINE COMEDY OF DANTE By John Wilstach. Translated from the original Greek. First and only edition. Original cloth, t. e g. Boston and New York, 1888 Presentation copy, autographed, with author’s photograph Two volumes.
These and many others may be seen and exammed at any time. Some are for sale. In addition to above we have more than five thousand volumes current and popular fiction, religious, technical, historical and biographical works, including more than two burred first editions of present century authors. '
Come in and “brouse,”
Revamped Boilermaker Lineup Faces Strong Bobcats Tomorrow
'New hine^ BackfieldN^omhinations Present Maximum Strength For Crid Opener
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE Position OHIO UNIVERSITY Powell LE Morgan Schreyer LT Nelsbn Burmeister LG Caruso Bell (C) C Morris Grant RG Donfrio Woltman RT Wood Vergane RE Platzke Gift QB Boehk Stalcup LH Jurkovic Drake RH Chemitski Cecil Isbell FB Wills
Officials: Referee, Frank Birch, Earlham; umpire, Anthony Haines, Yale; field judge, R. H. Rupp, Lebanon Valley; head linesman, Boyd Chambers, Denison.
GOOD SEATS AVAILABLE Although there has been a brisk advance sale, plenty of good reserved seats for the Purdue-Ohio University game will be available at the gate at game time. In addition to reserved seats, several thousand bargain general admission tickets, priced at bnly one dollar each, which will admit to good seats in the north curve of the stadium, will be on sale at the stadium.
Ohio University, one of the nation’s few undefeated and un tied elevens of last fall, will clash with Purdue’s hastily rebuilt gridiron combination here tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock in a game that will headline the early season card in the mfddle west. The Bobcats, who put a dent in Big Ten prestige in the
opening game of las^t fall by defeating Illinois, 6-0, are bent on duplicating the feat against a courageous Boilermaker combination that has been disrupted by the tragedy of two weeks
ago.
From the standpoint of the spectators, considerable color will be added to the game by the traditional senior parade at which Purdue’s upperclassmen will appear attired in derbies which are to be tossed high, wide, and handsome, when, as, and if, Purdue scores its first touchdown.
Lineup The Boilermaker lineup will present a vastly changed complexion when it faces the redoubtable Ohioans in a desperate effort to launch the season with a victory. Although the Boilermaker coaches have been shifting players in a wholesale manner in a hurried effort to whip together the strongest possible combination of manpower, Purdue’s starting lineup will probably not be determined until just before game time. Veterans and last year’s reserves, however, are apt to predominate in the lineup, with William Vergane, giant 232 pound, 6 foot, 6 inch right end, as the only sophomore apt to trot out on the field for the initial whistle. Remodeled Backfield Purdue’s remodeled backfield, crippled by the tragic death of Tom McGannon and thevloss of Lowell Decker, will probably present Fred Stalcup, converted quarterback, at left halfback, with John Drake moving to right halfback, and Cecil Isbell taking over the fullback duties. Wayne Gift, senior veteran, is slated for the quarterback berth. Forrest Burmeister, transplanted tackle, appears the most likely choice to fill the shoes vacated by the death of Carl Dahlbeck, with Andy Grant, last year’s reserve, at right guard. At tackle, two stalwart veterans of known ability, Clem Woltipan and Martin Schreyer, look like permanent fixtures, while Don Powell, last year’s reserve, will probably start at left end.
A flea twenty-one inches long and having sawlike teeth has been found at Mj;. Cook, New Zealand.
Attention Freshman Girls! RUSH! Have You a "B. B."?
That is a Beauty Budget—to ]^eep you beautifully groomed at a moderate cost.
Phone 6803
MODERN BEAUTY SHOPPE Every Requirement for Smart Glooming
653 Mein St.
Ohio Tearn Has Great Record
If
ielder’s.... ....choice
.By Birib Walpole.
Undefeated And Un-
tied Record Precedes
Buckeye Champs
Few football elevens have been able to maintain the consistent victory gait that has been set in the past seven years by the sturdy Ohio University crew that will provide the opening oppositidn for Purdue in the Ross-Ade stadium tomorrow afternoon. The undefeated and untied record of the Bobcats of last season was no flash in the pan. Champions of the Buckeye conference four times in the past seven years, the Bobcats can boast three undefeated seasons during the period, in two of which they were untied. Since Don Peden, former AllWestern halfback at Illinois, took over the coaching reins at Ohio U. a dozen years ago, his teams have won 74 games, lost 22, and tied six, while scoring 2,086 points to the opposition’s 264. In the Buckeye conference, founded in 1926, Pedencoached teams have wone 31 games, lost nine, and tied five, while scoring 786 points to the oppositions 218. Not only Ohio’s impressive record, but also the brilliant battle the Bobcats waged here in the opening game of the 1933 season before they went down in defeat, 13-6, has served to create a healthy respect for the invaders in the Boilermaker camp. Reports from Athens indicate that Peden is again brewing a strong gridiron potion moro than capable of holding its own against any brand of opposition. The strength of the sophomore contingent has been shown by the fact that any number of newcomers will be in the lineup, and the hastily rebuilt Purdue combination is apt to be pushed to the limit in its effort to launch the 1936 campaign with a victory.
Indiana’s Gridders
A host of newspaper celebrities viewed the practice session yesterday on a mighty cool football field . .. these men came up for the Purdue loyalty meeting last night . . . included were Elmer Layden, Notre Dame varsity coach; Arch Ward, sports ed of the Chicago Tribune; Maj. John L. Griffiths, Bill Fox, and John Thompson, Indianapolis sports editors ... and many others ... —fc—
Remember! There’s another PEP SESSION TONIGHT ON STUART FIELD III... Everyone come and bring your pep with you... the team needs your support; so show those boys that you are behind them . . . bring signs, but let’s not make this a fraternity competitive affair ... . —fc—
In the past, most of the fraternities supported the organizations backing PEP SESSIONS, but they also added their bit by placing their Sigma Sigma Sigma under the signs . . . forget that, and everyone lend his support to Purdue .. . —^fc—
Softball is in full swing now, and reports from the Intramural Field indicate that plenty of competition is going to take place in the next couple of weeks .. . the Phi Gam’s, last year’s winner, says they are going to take it again ... —^fc— Make it your point to be present tonight... PEP SESSION ...
Fraternity Golf Teams To Start Play Tuesday
Suffer Few Injuries Indiana’s football squad has gone through practice so far with practically no injuries, and all but Corby Davis, veteran fullback, will report for a closed practice game to be held tomorrow morning. Davis, however, will probably be back in the lineup for the season’s conference opener against Michigan, on October 10, if not for the opening game against Centre on October 8. Coach Bo McMilfin has had the squad spend most of their time mas tering signals and the intricate “five-man backfield” formations which he devised.
Interfraternity golf will be started next Tuesday and Wednesday, Sept. 29 and 30, at the Public Golf Course. All entries must be turned in at the intramural office not later than 4 o’clock Monday, Sept. 28. Each match will be over eighteen holes; nine holes may be played on the first day and nine holes on the second day. Teams composed of three men will be matched for the first round. The eight teams with the lowest team score will go to the finals. ' A trophy will be given to the winning team while medals will be given to members of the winning team and the runners-up.
Medical Journal Advances Cure For
Football Tragedy
BEFORE TOO LATE
Bearing Official Seal
Certified $2.00 Value
only
with the purchase of a bottle of
We Sell All Parker Pens and Pencils and Qnink Ink
H. G. “Deac” Reisner STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STOBE
We Sell Parker Pens gnd Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 604 Main Street
Parker Pens and Pencils at H. B. Lodde’s Jeweli^ Store 419 Main St.
An editorial in the American Medical Association Journal points out how the recent catastrophe in the University football camp, which claimed two lives, could have been prevented. Dr. Morris Fishbein, author of the editorial and a speaker for the American Chemical Society here last year, stated that the committee on pharmacy and chemistry of the American Medical Association voted recently to adopt two solvents for the purpose of removing adhesive
tape.
One preparation consists of 98 per cent dichloromethane and is completely non-inflammable. The other, a mixture of about 60 per cent carbon tetrachloride, 40 per cent naphtha, and a small amount of sassafras oil, will bum but will not explode. Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics at the University has stated since the accident that in the future only non-explosive solvents would be used by the University athletic department to remove tape from the players’ bodies. Many coach^ and trainers are expected to follow
his example in order to prevent similar disasters. At the present time, only few stitutions use safe aolvmts for tins purpose, as these ehemieals are much more expensive that gasolhte and the other tldiigB tint nwA However, the recent accident has demonstrated that saving in this manner is far more expensive than using the safe chemicals.
During the last seven years of Big Ten grid competition, Fordue has won 28 games, lost eight, and tied two for a .777 percentage, tiie best record in the Big Ten. Ohio State is second with a .727 average, while Minnesota’s record of being undefeated for three years puts them in third place.
Notice
Fraternities and Sororities
When planning year parties be sore and call on ns.
Reasonaiille rates for rcntaL Btoll remodeled and newly decorated. Phone 216B
ALLEN’S
6th a Ferry
POPCORN
Fraternities and Sororities will find it economical to bay in balk for parties. Popped to order in quantities of six or more gallons,
just before you want it, so it’s always fresh.
DAD'S PLACE
352 State St.
GET YOUR
COLLEGE RING
Protect Your Floors
with
JOHNSTON’S
TRAFFIC WAX
LIQUID or PASTE
$2.25
per gal.
SPECIAL PRICES To Sororities and Fraternities
Sperb, Hardware
Phone 2777
822 M^ St.
atlSc-Total40c...Y0U SAVE $1.75
The Parker Pen Co. makes this amazing offer solely to induce you to try Parker QutnA—the
remarkable new ] • •
lely to induce you to try Parker Qutna—the markable new ink that cleans your pen as it ites—that dries ON PAPER 31% faster, yet
NOT dry in a pen.
Get Quink today from any store selling ink. Tear off the box-top, and on the back write the FULL NAME of your school or college, ring SIZE, and style wanted (mah’s or woman s)
and your name and address. Then mail Dox-top with 25 cents in com to ’The Parker Pen Co., Dept. 738,
Janesville, WiS.
Don’t delay. This offer ends Dec. 31,1936, if supply lasts.
“DOC”
can cure any ailment your car may have
s
Pete Anderson
24 hour service Phone 4048,..525 Alabamn
k
t'I I K
hvW
h f* *
th i M If . _ .1 ^ ^
\
' -li i-fi "
■'f‘.-;i:
L-1 A
“'HJ'
v.f
Ixr'
IPfcttft l*6af
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
, P^day. 26. itf
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and rej^ired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms, and good board for girls at 311 Chauncey Ave. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
Wanted—Alto sax man. Must play clarinet. Call Bob Kelly, 71064.
Lost—Soft leather pipe and tobacco pouch in or between the M. E. Building and Michael Golden Shops Thursday morning. Leave at address on pouch.
For Sale—Combination book case and desk, $5. Ladies’ desk, $3.00. Desk chairs, ea. $2.00. Variety of merchandise. Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 5th.
Found—A new tie and a brass rod in the office of the Haywood Publishing Company. Loser call at the Exponent office, 312 N. 5th St.
NOTICES
No noUcw accaptwl after S p. m.
Speech Clinic—^Will the following persons report to room 308, University Hall, as soon as possible: C. W. Batey, William Chomyak, John Downey, F. B. Finnegan, E. E. Gallup, Helen Koons, M. G. Marauis, V. J. McLean, H E. Mennen, J. A. Patterson, J. W. Petry, Maurice D. Prage, Robert Shaw, Ray _A. Toriello, Mary Townsend, R. E. Vanderbilt. —STEER.
Notice—Paychecks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with the physical exams during registration —MILLER.
Activities and Clubs—All organizations wishing activity rooms permanently or for regular meetings should petition for them before Sept. 29. Those wishing rooms for meetings should specify the days they desire these rooms. —SHOEMAKER.
Skull and Crescent—Members meet in front of Pharmacy Building Sept. 25 at 4 p m. sharp. Important. —FENSTERMAKER.
Psychology—The regular three hour course entitled “Psychology of Public Opinion”, Education 170, administered by Dr. H. H. Remmers, Dr. C. L. Morgan and Messers. T. K. Noss and L. W. Josselyn scheduled to meet T. Th. S. at 11:00 will meet on Tuesday evenings in room 6, Education Building, beginning Tuesday, Sept. 29, 7 o’clock. There is room for additional memgers and persons possessing Ibe qualifications listed in the University catalogue may enroll for the course. All persons interested in the course as regular credit-receiving members or as listeners should be present next Tuesday. —HALL.
Y. W. C. A.—Those interested in Social Service Committee will meet Sept. 25 in Y. W. C. A office at 4 o’clock. —CONVER.
Football Announcers—^All students interested in announcing fortball games submit written application stating qualifications^ to C. E Dammon, Engineering Administration Building, by noon Sept. 25. —DAMMON.
EXPERT <1
SERVICE
Permanent Waving $2.00 - $3.50 - $5.00 Shampoo and Finger Waving 60c All tjiTie work done
Sylvia Beauty Shop Ph. 4404 112 Sylvia St.
Freshman Mentors—Please notify freshmen of meeting to explain campus activities Sept. 28 at 4 in Fowler
Gold Peppers—Meet in W. S. G. A. office at 6.45 Sept. 26 for short meeting brfore pep session. Bring initiation fees and 80 -SCUDDER.
Y. W. C. A.—All those who wish to be on the worship committee meet in Y. W. C. A. office at 4 p. m.. Sept. 26. ■—GOAN.
Engineer—All staffs are to report to the Engineer office in the Union at 4 p. m. Sept. 26. This includes freshmen. ^ —JONES.
Y. W. C. A. Music—All girls interested in music please report to Y. W. C. A. office at 4 p. m. Sept. 26.
Playshop—Students interested in being on Playshop committees sign up at toe Playshop desk on the second floor of the Union Sept 26 at 4 p. m. _CALL1S.
Y. W. C. A. Publicity Committee—Those interested in publicity committee come to Y. W. C. A. office Sept. 26 at 4 p.
Playshop—Publicity committee will report to the Playshop office in Union at 4 p. m. —CALLIS
Playshop Stage Crew-No work today. Report to sub-basement Sept. 28_^^^^ m^^
Health Service—Following students are requited to report to the student health laboratory, room 101, Stanley Coulter Hall, Sept. 28 or 29, between 8 a. m._and 4 p. m. G. E. Alexander, Finer S. Ali, E. C. Ambrosen, H. L. Anderson, E. L. Armstrong, F. H. Auble, J. R. Bachman, M. J. Ba^ock, B. A. Babcock, P. D. Backlin, A. E. Lehman, R. L. Badgley, J. R. Baker, A. <L Bale, R. W. Bonner, W. U. Barnes, H. M. Baugh, J. A. Beemer, Henry Bsiken, min, James W. Best, B. C. Bitoop, R. T, Blackmore, R. M. Black, IL L Blind, U P. Bonacci, C. H. Bonnet, W. B. Boothby, C. E, Bowman. L. P. Bown, G- G- Boy*:®Bowling, W. E. Bradley, W. M. fr^dt, E. A. Brazanski, R. F. Breen. F. S. Bremer, H W. Bremer, Chester Brown, H. B. l^uns, Kenneth Brown, Robert Brown, D. S. Buck, R. E. Buenting, R. W. Burks, M. L. Butcher, M. V. Campbell, S. W. Campbell, A. B. Carlson, F. W. Carr, J. A. Caulfield, C. H. Cavan, W. R Chapin, C. A. Childers. H. Christeansen, P. Christman, E. L. Clarkson. J M. Clem, R. M. Cleveland, E. A. Cook, R. R. Cooper, P. T. Cooper, O. B. Cope, L. I. Coppes, J. K. Corington, J. A. Courtright, Richard Cox, J. C. Curnick, W. J. Cu^, A. W Curtis, W. T. Cushing, J. A. mlton, J. F Danielson, P. E. Dawson, J. E D^gherty. W. P. Davis, Mark Deal, E. G. Dearie, H 1 beer, W. J. Dennhardt, H C. Decker, T. J. Deeren, V. E. Dietrich, E. R- Diggins, G W Dietz, F. B. Downey, Jean F. Dwning, J. R. Drever, P. A. Driscoll, N. E. Dwbread, W. E. Dunshee. J. A. Dupp^ H. M. Dykhuizen, Paul Emerson, W. R. EIim, J. A. Faas, L. C. Farquhar, S. T. Famell. (X M. Fauber, T. B. Ferguson, R. A. Benson B. Fisher, S. T. oote, C. W. Torburger, son B. Fisher, S. T. Foote. C. W. ForburgCT. L. H. Ford, D. R. Foster, G. G. Foster W. H Fuller, B. E. Franks, R. W. FreelMd. P. D. Freeman, Louis E. Freyman, "L P. Fuller, L W. Gable, G. W. Gale, A. H. Gard, K T Garty, C. F. Garver, F. W. Gasaway. J. A. Gann, H. E. Gaslin, R. C. George, K. P. Ginn. G. T. Goff, A. H. Gold, W. H. Gowan. L. K. Grave, L. F. Greenburg, R. E. Hacker. E H. Hafft, C. N. Hall. J. T. Hall, M. C H^loway, R. "W. Hallett, J. H. flankinson, E. R. H«din, A C. Harra, H. Harrington, E. E Hai^ man, D. S. Hartman, D. E. Hartley, H.S. Hawes, A. E. Hayes, T. P. Heckman, R W. Held, B. S. Hegg, L. Heim, R. H. Hillman, R Herbert, Ralph J. Heritage, R. H. Herrold, E. C. Herschelman, R. W Hicks. L. C. Hill, W M. Hilt, V. T. Hitchcoc^ W. Hodges, K C Houston, R M. Hughes. T.J. Hutchison, Maaii Ive, L. Johnson, C. K. Jackson, P G. Jackson, W. F. Jenkins, R. F. John, R Ei Johnson, M. G. Johnson, C R Joni, V. J Kachinske, E. L. Kaniok, H. W. Kashner, R N. Keen, J. E. Kerwin, M. H. Kennedy, G. Kester. D. B. Kiltner, K. Kimmel, W. D. Kise, R. E. Klauss, A. J. Kochlas, B. J Koehler, R. A. Kruger, R. L Kuhns, William Kunkle, T. M. Laurenson, R. F. Leeg, R M Laushke, J. E. Lentz. David Lewis, G R. Leybold, F. J. Liano, J. A. Lindeman, V. A. Livingrston, Carl Lohr, B. T, Love—MILLER.
WBAA
11:00—Broadcast from Prof Noss classroom "Principles of Sociotogy. 11.50—Purdue News Flashes, T. R. Johnston. 12 :00—Agricultural Forum. 12'':i5—Luncheon Dance Program. 12 :20—Mars Theatre Follies Caprice 12:46—^Market Reports, J. R. Hays. 1:00—Civic Forum, sponsored by Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. 1:16—Animals in National Parks. 1 ;30—Great inventions and their inventors. 1:46—^Matinee Musicale. Charlotte Stewart. 2:00—Birth of the News. 2:16—Music, Miss Stephens. 2:46—Dramatic Readings, Miss Janet Ford. 3:00—Interesting People. 3:16—Afternoon Musicale. 3:80—Music. 3:46—^Athletic Review, ProL H. Allen, Department Physical Education.
PLEATED SLACKS
We have just received the thing you have been waiting for—ALL WOOL SLACKS with the
PERMANENT CREASE
$5.00
A complete new assortment of RUGBY SWEATERS in all popular colors and styles
$2.95 to $5
Geisler’s Clothes Shop
INC.
500 Main
Columti For Clubwomen
By Sally McKee and Dorothea Justin'^
The Arachne club, of West Lafayette, will meet today at 2:30 o’clock at the home of Mrs. V. D. Ehodes, at 129 DeHart Street.
Do you like meat balls ? You will like them even more when you serve them next with cheesed white sauce.
For its first meeting of the year the Child Study club will entertain the husbands at a picnic Saturday evening at 6 o’clock. During the year the club will study child problems.
Fullness in your new evening gown must be confined at the bust or in bustle effect.
The Agapi club will meet at the home of Mrs. E. E. Mitchell, 27 Waldron Street, Monday, September 28, at 2:30 o’clock.
Black is the predominant color for the fall season, but unrelieved black is not considered. Your new black dress must have a touch of color.
The Edgewood club will meet on Monday, September 28, in Duncan Hall at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. Ammon Swope will talk on floral arrangements and Mrs. H. E. Enders and Mrs. R. E. Wendt on shrubs and garden plants.
For the first time West Lafayette has a ladies’ ready to wear shop, the Louise Dress Shop.
The first meeting of the year for the Twentieth Century club will be held in Duncan Hall Thursday, October 1, at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. G. C. Brandenburg Avill review a book for the group.
Did you know that one of the motion picture companies had bought the right to produce It Can’t Happen Here, by Sinclair Lewis, and then apparently decided that they dare not picture it ?
The annual Purdue Women’s club luncheon will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Thursday, October 1, at 1 o’clock. At this, the first meeting of the year, the group leaders will announce their respective programs for the year.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor
Suits Made to Order and All Repairs Over Kienly’s Drug Store Lafayette, Ind.
The Best BEGINNER’S
SLIDE RULE
K. & E. No. 4058-W A new lot just received today
PRICE
$|25
Haywood’s
5th & Ferry Free Delivery
Phone Your Order — 4085
Cup Of Soup Adds Variety To Meals By Sally McKee In the matter of soups as a part of a jtneal we agree with the people of twenty-five years ago that there is nothing better than a cup of soup with lunch. One cup of soup each luncheon is much preferable to a meal of soup for luiicheon once a week. And there need be no fear of soup becoming tiresome, for the list of different soups provides a different soup every day for many weeks. Not only is there a difference between one soup and another, but there are three clearly deflnted groups of soups. The meat soups, perhaps first, are those with a meat broth as a basis; the cream soups are made by cooking the desired vegetable in a thin white sauce, and one or two noodles, according to individual taste.
Inland—No Chowder
Here in the inland we cannot make chowders very often because of the lack of fish. The old standby, clam chowder, however, can be gotten in tins. Our nearest approach to a fish soup homehiade is in oyster stew—this itself may be improved by the addition of seasonings.
Chestnut, mock, turtle, oxtail.
Scotch broth and plain vegetable must be added to those already mentioned. This does not complete the list, for there is, in every corner of the world, a special seasoning or preparation that changes one soup to a new one.
4,500 Attend Loyalty Con VO In Jeff Gym (Continued from page 1)
guns silenced. John Thompson, of the Indianapolis Times, after seeing football practice yesterday afternoon, force-
fully stated that buip spirit would beat Ohio University. Fosjier Hailey, of the Associated Pres8*^said he had wondered which counted most — coach, team, spirit—and said that he believed it was spirit. As usual, Spots Emrick did the unusual. He augmented the customary directing with his baton by clamping down forcefully on a defenseless bit of Chewing gum at each down beat. Whether or not this is the reason for the perfect performance of our band is still debateable. Spots knows what he wants and gets it; the result?—America’s leading college hand. Sergeant F. C. Baase, the band’s “G” man (gun man to you) was disappointed when he pulled his trigger to find the gun jammed, but soon had it working again. Following the band program, Harry G. Leslie, former Indiana governor, spoke. John L. Griffiths, Big Ten commissioner, exhorted Purdue on to keep up our spirit. Fritz Ernst, ’00, pledged the loyalty of the Chicago alumni and introduced “Nobe” Kizer. As “Nobe” came to the front the whole audience rose and cheered. “Nobe” introduced Captain George Bell, ’37, who assured everyone that the team will do its best tomorrow afternoon. “Nobe” Kizer and the team filed out while the band closed the program with “Hail Purdue”.
Welcome Coeds!
Complete line of beauty culture at moderate price. Personal attention.
DOYLE HOME BEAUTY SHOP Ph. 2331 116 Pierce, W. L.
WE OFFER A VARIETY OF BAKERY GOODS
Our Baked Goods Are All Superior Products
Graves* Bakery We Cater to Vraternities and Sororities
look to ^IIICTHAT^ g| domu
Co-eds, here is where to send your dresses. We specialize in CLEANING, SIZING and BLOCKING KNIT DRESSES. Finest equipment allows us to give you the most economical prices in town. Regular plain dresses, 75c.
West SideCleaners
222 North
Across from Fire Station
Phone 4081
CGI ICG
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street
1301 North 14th Street
Adodern Stores
Each of the four Piggly Wiggly Stores is the leading Pood Store in its community. Each store is large, roomy, and equipped with the most modern equipment. Lafayette men are in charge of each store and their salaries are well above the average salaries paid by grocery stores.
Fresh Fruits and Vesetables
The most complete assortment of fresh fruits and vegetables and at the lowest possible price is carried in each Lafayette Piggly Wiggly store. Deliveries are made at least once daily to each store to assure freshness.
Finest Meats
Such brands as Armour’s Star, Swift Premium, Rath Blackhawk, in Hams, Bacon, Sausage, Lamb, and Beef are in stock daily. The Beef sold at the Piggly Wiggly Market is the highest quality yearling branded beef. A Piggly Wiggly beef roast or steak is the ideal dish to serve to your most particular guests.
EISNER GROCERY CO.
The Lafayette' Piggly Wiggly stores are owned and operated by the Eisner Grocery Company.