c%^
Volume 53, No. 193
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, May 22, tmi
Fraternity Men To Hold University Military Band Meeting Here June 5-7
University Will Sponsor Annual Training School For Officers Fraternity problems in the present emergency will be the main topic of discussion at the third annual Fraternity Officers’ Training School which will beiield at th'e University on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, June 5-7. This school, which is sponsored by the University in cooperation with the Fraternity Presidents’ Council is designed to aid fratei’nity officers in solving their common problems and will include training periods for the fraternity presidents, treasurers, stewards and rush
captains.
Fraternity Officers Eligible Anyone holding an office in a fraternity is eligible for admission to the school, but fraternity sponsors, executive secretaries, and others serving in an advisory capacity are also invited to attend. The cost of the school for three days will be the registration fee of $4.00 which will include lunch on Piiday, Saturday
and Sunday dinner.
The fraternities on the campus have extended invitations to chapters on other campuses to use their fraternity house facilities during the three days that school is in session. In order that each day’s program may be continuous, the noon meal will be served in Cary Hall where all the meetings will be held.
Dr. E. L. Butz, Director
Director of the school will be Dr. E. L. Butz, of the University staff. Others serving on the staff include: W. A. Bodden, assistant controller and chief accountant of the University; Dean Donald M. DuShane of Lawrence College; V. C. Pieeman, associate dean of the School of Agri-
Metj'o-Goldwyn-Mayer, former Re- culture; Lt. Stewart S. Howe of the
VttSIAKIOK MERRY* 60-
ROUl
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Ensign Lumpkin Will Speak At Meeting This Afternoon
Hollywood Moguls Battle Over Movie Portrayal Of Ford WASHINGTON, May 21.—Holly-
wood is Lying to husl\ it up, but two of the biggest moguls of the movie world recently staged a battle over Henry Pord. And it wasn’t
a screen fight either.
The two battlers were: In one corner, Louis B. Mayer, czar of
publican National Committeeman, and close friend of Heibert Hoover; in the other corner, Harry Warner, energetic spatk-plug of Warner Brothers and an ardent admiiei of
President Roosevelt.
The argument Occurred at a meeting of top movie moguls called to di.scuss future production schedules. LouLs Mayer revealed plans to picturize the life of Henry Pord. Discussion uncovered the fact that
the picture was to be a glamorous ested in working on the Activities portrayal of the motor magnate’s Buieau will be held next Wednes-
United States Naval Reserve and president of the Stewart Howe (See FRATERNITIES, Page 4) Activities Bureau Will Hold Callout Wednesday At 4:15 Callout for all sophomores inter-
. . .. sixty-five pieces strong, participated in the parade sponsored by the Indiana State Police who held their convention here Tuesday. Leading the band is drurn maior, William Kolacek; and also marching in front of the band are the color-bearers, Wijliam Frost and Frank Funke. Several prime-movers towing 75 mm. guns from the University ROTC Corps also participated in the parade. ' Dr. Elliott Will Deliver Memorial Day Speech Because of the war-time speed up schedule of Purdue University, classes will continue through Memorial Day on May 30, with the usual Memorial exercises in Eliza Fowler Hall being changed to the great hall df Memorial Union Building. President E. C. Elliott will be the only speaker, delivering a brief statement appropriate to the day and the necrology will be read by Acting Dean Fred I. Goldsmith. Placing of wreaths on the bronze plaque bearing the names of the 64 University men who died in World War No. 1 and on the grave of John Purdue will be done simultaneously by members of the Scabbard and Bl^de and the Purdue Order of Military Merit. , There will be a brief pause in all University activities at 11 in the morning although, classes will not be dismissed. All activity on the campus will cease during the firing of the 21 gun salute, with lectures and class work held in abeyance until the guns have been fired. The address by Dr. Elliott and reading of the necrology will follow. The entire program will be broadcast over WBAA, University radio station.
career with no reference to various activities which for many years have been the subject of widespread denunciation. “In other wor<ls, you arc going to put out a whitewash,” Warner remarked, according to friends. “Henry Pord represents the wheels of civilization,” retorted Mayer. “And you have got yoursoH' caught under those wlieels,” shouted Wainer. Wheieupon Mayer called Warner a fighting name. Warnei letaliated with a swing to the Jaw. Then they were separated. • Gasoline Miracle Today, with gasoline staice along the Atlantic coast, ceitain U. S. naval officei.s icmember with legict a mysterious inventoi who tinned up during the last war and said he (See MERRY GO ROUND, Page 4)
day at 4:15 in room 356 of the
Union.
After a biief introductory talk by Les Woehlke, director of the buieau, the committees undei which the various work is perfoimed, will bo explained by a junior managoi. Lois Thompson, the senioi executive, will explain the system used in evaluating the woik peifoimed liy the Bureau members. Operate.s .3 Days a Week The Activities Bureau will only opeiate only throe days each week instead of the usual five and the sophomores will not be requested to woik moie than six houis each
week.
In addition to other activities the bureau sponsois picnics and othei social events each semester, which the members of the bureau aie pi ivileged to attend. The first scheduled picnic will|bo announced at the callout meeting.
Playshop To Issue Season Ticket Books In Older to accomodate students who will graduate in December, Playshop will place special senior coupon books on sale today thiough the Fowler Hall office or Playshop salesmen. These special season books aie priced at 99 cents foi the thice perfoimances. They include the suininer, fall, and winter pioductions, “Jim Dandy,” which will be pie sented June .30 and July 1, and fall and wintei pioductions tentatively scheduled foi Octobei 14-17 and December 8-11. Individual pet formances aie pi iced at 50 cents foi the summer play and 75 cents lor the other plays. This sale is open only to December giaduates and othei students will be able to pin chase regular Playshop season books that will be sold in September and cover perfoimances fioin Octobei until Apiil.
Poppy Day Tomorrow Will Aid In Military Welfare Work Poppy Day will be observed here tomoiitiw when workeis fiom the Tippecanoe County Post of the Veterans of Foieign Wars will make their 21st annual appeal in behalf of SCI vice and ex-service men and their dependents by selling “Buddy Poppies.” Made by Veterans in Hospitals Made by 'disabled veterans who are still patients in government hospitals foi a means of income for items 'not included in goveinment regulations, the poppies will be sold foi funds to continue welfare work among men engaged in military service. This yeai the benefits will reach men now in active service as well as disabled or unemployed veteians.
Price Control Group Discusses New Legislation Esfey, Bowman Talk At Meeting By Bob Freynian “Education, not constitutional issues, will be the by-word of this organization,’’ spoke Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, economics, and government, before approximately 100 members of the newly organized Consumer’s Division of the Office of Price Administration. This organization before which Estey spoke last night in the Union, has as its purpose the education of the consumer on the new price control legislation. The new price control laws were discussed in some detail by Professor Estey, and by P. B. Bowman, formerly of the University staff, now a representative of the Office of Price Administration. Bowman asked the public to observe caution in reporting violations to the price laws unless the violation is deliberate. In that case Bowman assured the audience that “the office has a whole staff of lawyers just itching for something to do” and that such cases would properly be investigated. Outline forms for the delivery of speeches by the members and outlines on steps that members could take to further the education of the consumer were distributed and explained at the meeting.
Debris Notice All students who expect to graduate in either August or December, 1942, must register outside the Debris office before 5:30 this afternoon. Since the University has changed the student class rating, those failing to register will not be included in the senior section of the December Debris, according to the Debris office.
Coast Guard Officer To Discuss Opportunities For Engineers All juniors and seniors interested in qualifying for engineering duty with the United States Coast Guard or as engineering officers with the U. S. Merchant Marine are requested to attend a groflp meeting this afternoon at 4 p.m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building at which Ensign H. H. Lumpkin will discuss the opportunities in this field and will answer any questions students
C. R. Fay Receives
;
Service Medal
From Westinghouse C. R. Fay, who received his B.E.E.E. from the University in 1925, was among the twelve employees of Westinghouse Electric Company who received awards for distinguished service yesterday. The award, called the Westinghouse Order of Merit, is presented each year in recognition of the progress of outstanding employees. Each person so honored receives a bronze medal bearing an inscription, his name and a silver “W”.
may have relative to these po-
sitions.
The candidate* will receive the rating of Third Assistant Engineer after the successful completion of three months' completion of the three months' basic training at Hoffman Island in New York harbor, three months' practical work and instruction at sea and the satisfactory passing of the required examinations. During the training period the candidate will be fed, clothed, and housed at the expense of the government and will receive a salary of
$99 per month.
Requisites For Candidacy , The candidates must be at least 19 years of age, a citizen of the United States, and of good moral
Accompanying the medal is a cita- character. The applicant must be tion describing the recipient’s serv- physically sound, but is not required
to meet the stringent physical re-
Pay is director of the Employee quirement of the other branches of
Accounts Division and was recog- military service,
nized for “his able administration ^ine staff members and two docof the wage payment system and accompany Ensign Lumpemployee welfare accounts of the ^^e applicants are inter-
company, for his thorough understanding'i of laws and regulations and his ability to install satisfac-
tory methods.”
He joined Westinghouse in 1925 as a stock layout and routing clerk. After serving there for five years, he was transferred to the accounting department where he engaged in industrial accounts activities becoming staff assistant, then assistant director and finally Employee
viewed.
lota Lambda Sigma . . . national Trade and Industrial honoiaiy, announces election of the following officers for the coming year: William H. Wooden, president; Russell W. Ihne, traveling vice-president; Ammon Swope, sec-retary-treasurer; Clarence E. Fauber, director of social relations, and Chailes Lawshe, faculty sponsor. Faculty Notice The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 25, at 4 p.m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President
Faculty, Staff Members To Attend Planning Conference Monday Faculty and staff membera of
Accounts director in 1938. At pi'SS’-s^Hg Uniy^rsity will attend the na* ent his home is at Forest Hills, tmtiaTconference on planning which
Pennsylvania.
VTIE To Open Series Of Meetings Here Tomorrow Various phases of the training of inexperienced personnel for the war industries will be discussed by rep-
will be held in Indianapolis next Monday through Wednesday. President E. C. Elliott will appear on the program Tuesday evening to extend greetings from the Hoosier state and Wednesday morning to discuss “County LandUse Planning for Better Agriculture” on the program devoted to Hoosier planning problems.
Lommel To Preside
Prof. George E. Lommel of the
resentatives of the Industrial Arts School of Civil Engineering, who teachers employment service and was reappointed a few months ago NYA shop superintendents at the as chairman of the state planning 4.v,„ —i board, will preside over the state
planning board section of the con-
opening meeting of the Vocational Trade and Industrial Educational seminars which will convene here tomorrow morning. Approximately 25 instructors and directors are expected to attend the sessions.
ference.
Dean Harry J. Reed of thd school of agriculture, who is a member of the state planning
The scheduled program calls for board, and T. R. Johnston, director eleven meetings of the seminar to of information for the University,
be held every Saturday morning, according to Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the summer session. The purpose of the meetings is to arrive at .a more concrete plan for the in-
have been active in making plans
for the conference.
Several Groups To Meet This conference will include ap;* nual meetings of the American
struction of young men and women Planning and Civic Association, the just starting in the industrial fields. (Continued on page 4)
OEM Explains Probable Consequences Of Rubber Shortage
Editor’s Note: This is the first in a series of articles fioni the Office of Emergency Management, Detroit, Mich., which is designed to give you the background of the rubber crisis and to explain the necessity for saving ev-
ery ounce of rubber.
Ameiica’s motoiized millions are riding themselves off the loads at an aveiage rale of 3’/> per cent a month. That’.s the rate at which the lubber is wearing from their tiies, and when that rubbei is gone theie will be no moi c for a long time. Let’s face the facts lealistically. Only in one way can we have a happy ending to the rubber stoiy and that way is the way to victory. Only by slapping the Japs back to their own Islands and removin}> the Nazi madmen can we again expect to resume our caiefree way of life. This way of life has depended heavily on the biownish congealed and chemically treated sap of a tree
called Ilevea Biasiliensis or lubbei tree. The rubbei tree is a native of the Western Hemispheie. How rubber migiated fioin this llemispherc, how we became dependent foi our lubber on lands at the othei ends of the Earth, is a fascinating story in itself and a stoiy to which we shall retuin. Foi the piesent, the important thing is that because the Japanese thrust southward through the steaming Indies our way of life and our efficiency in this war are seriously threatened. Use Half Of World’s Rubber Ileie is our situation. We have been using half of the woild’s total output of lubber eveiy year and almost 98 per cent of that rubber came from the Far East. To understand the geography of rubbei — and the geography is also the geography of war—it is necessary to consult the veiy latest of maps. We have been using rubber at the late of 766,000 tons a year. Last
year we impoited 1,250,563 tons, of which lai ge amounts wei e placed ill what are called “Stockpile” against emergency—against exactly that enicigency which is upon us now. 54 Per Cent From Malaya Fi om Malaya*-came 560,935 long tons or 64 per cent of rubber importation. The Japs have Malaya. From the Netheiland East Indies, 367,373 long tons oi 36 per cent of 0111 impoitation. The Japs’ have the Netheiland East Indies. Fiom Ceylon, 591,804 tons oi 6 pci cent of 0111 annual impoitation. The Japs dominate the sea lanes b(“foie Ceylon. From other East Indian sources ■—Fiom Buiina and Thai and the Melanesian Islands, 30,511 long tons or 2 per cent of our annual importation. The Japs”have Thai, the Japs have overrun Bin ma, the Japs ci awl likq a lion id plague through the Islands of Melanesia.
We got 10,419 long tons, or about 1 per cent of our annual importation fiom Africa, and another 1 per cent—10,763 long tons—from Latin Amei ica, the ancient home of the Hevea Brasiliensis. All but 2 per cent of our rubber, then, came from those parts of the Woild now overiun by the soldiers and sailors of Hirohito. We used this i libber in more than 50,000 products and many of these pioducts contiibuted gieatly to what ha.s been called the Ameiican standard of living. Most of this lubber went into tiles. The U. S. A. has one-third of all the improved roadways in all the Woild. Ovei these roads, our 30,000,000 pleasuie cars and 4,000,000 trucks and buses drove an average of 500,000,000,000 miles each yoai. 5 Per Cent Ot Tires Worn Out Most of these autos aie still opeiatiiig, although the passing of
each day that they aie operating on thinner rubber brings closer the inevitable hour when the jworn casing goes flat for good. Already it is estimated that this has happened to some 5 per cent of Arneiicfi’s autos, and a recent survey discloses that milk deliveries could be continued on their present basis only eight to ten months. Milk distributors are doing something about it —plan to cut deliveiies, pool their lesources of rubber, and keep that rubber in service as long as possible. But the great mass of Americans have shown no such foresight, no such realization that rubber on the wheels of our cars has become a public trust. It is still possible to see autos with but a single occupant, caieening along as though nothing had happened, as though rubbei weie still as easy to come by as water from the kitchen lap.
It is true we have a stockpile of rubber. If all goes well, if we scrape up the last ounce fiom the bottom of the ban el, we and our fighting comrades of the United Nations may have barely enough to make out. By allocating our every pound of rubber to essential military requirements and to the minimum requiremqnts of the civilian economy, we may just about be able to meet the need over the next two years. This is the place to talk about the things that “Happy Motorists” talk about these days—about synthetic rubber, about extraordinary things that can be done with Guayule, about various forms of magic which aie—in the wishful thinking of so many—-at hand to solve the rubber shortage practically over night. Synthetic Production Increases In 1941, when we imported such prodigious amounts of rubber from
the Far East, our production of syn* thetic totaled about 15,000 tons. Only a part of this was general pntv pose rubber suitable for tires. This year our production of synthetic rubber may reach as much as 28,000 tons. The plans — and retnembor they are plans—call for production at an estimated rate of 200,000 tons a year of general rubber by Dccem-; her of 1942. by the end of 1843, If facilities not yet in existence Wr* then producing at capacity, we shMl be getting Buna S. synthetic at i 1 ate of 700,000 tons a year in tion to 100,000 tons of Butyl Synthetic and Neourene. So synthetic rubber is not to keep our automobiles on the road. Long after existing stocks of tires on the wheels of American motor cars have been worn out, we'll need all our production of synthetlo and more to keep military machhi^ moving forward.V ‘, ? ' , \ f^0Q(
Exponent
rr.,-.
Qfftccs« Milioiilit and Business, Furdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 iiMr FidMilttupe, Phone 2792 Idit&riar'Phhne Affer 10 p. m., 5377
IMUor-ln-Chic{ — pj'. BdllW: ........... 'ttfSiSK.,: ' Editor
John P. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong Robert L. Iladlcgr Williain D. Millard Kbn K. Cletnre Alice ChatOeld
Publication Stali A'Ssociate 'Editors >Bdltorial Staff: R. W. Boswinklc, D; E. Bute, W. G. Hoskins, A, P; ■Hunter. D, W. Ochiltree, W. E. KoferU Sports Staff: ». E. Brewer, ,T. S. Dawson. E. I,. Knrpick, Coed Staff: Snl!.v Beall, Charlotte Hn.ss. .lean~Lauer.
‘ B.usiness Staff., ;Coed Bnsineas Manager: Julia Martin, Managers; J. M. Wright, D. Id, Johnioil« t< Circulanon. Manager: G. H. Klounian. Acconnts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark. Jane Kelm.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Hunter Sports Editor: Karpick Day Editor: Hass Issue Editor: Votik Reportors; Freynian. Murphy. Shipnoski, Hiiilson; Sutton,
Miller, . Abbott, Ua,ssnjun, .Scluid
Ackerman,
Entered as second .class matter'■at the p.Qst office In I^fay- - ettev Indiana, under the act oft ('ongresH of March 3, at the special rate qf postage provided for in section 1103, ad of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922* Fublislieo ; »n W^nesday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer semester and daily except Monday during the fall and abater semesters. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.2.) for summer semester; mailed subscriptions $1.50. ... .. Represented for national advertising hv National Adverns*
Kepresented tor nauonai oaveru»i«K uy
Ing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420
; Hadlson Ave., New York, N. Y.
We ^e Qal One For
Saturday, Too
0(^Unh(^^
Summer
Cross Sponsors^
i/ion Goufiff
Ihe Bottle leek
EdU4>r's Note: The Cork was talking to Gloria the other night and she said say, “Cork why don’t you let me write something for Friday’s paper, they’re having a coed page then and 1 wouldn't write much. No more peoijle would rpd tim column that when you write it please may 1 ?’; Glorja as we do we were dubious, not about her abmty, for tne g^has plenty, hut that maybe someone would start reading 4 and we wouldn’t be able to do it any more. Uiil- we took 8 chante.
BARBLINES BY GLORIA
Lots has been happening’ since the new summer term began. Everyone seems more cheerful, and we find that easily explained. The ratio has changed to l6"to 1 so all of the co,eds are happy; the fellows are busy studying those darn engineering courses like GEllO and don’t have time to date. I guess they’re hnPPi:'-
• In physiology clas.s yesterday, we heard of a new diet (it is still in the experimental stage but you’ll be hearing more about it later). The doctor can give you “bacteria” pills with the proper bacteria in them to utilize the minerals and vitamins in grass. Girls, think of the time and energy you can save when you invite your boyfriend over to eat. Give him a pill then sit on the front la\Vn and munch grass. (No results promised however). Different, but maybe too much so.
How’s about all of you ambitious kids—'youse guys and gals what come under the name of “students”’ spendin’ some time on this page, not only this pa.ge but this column. As an introductory word (so it sez here in the note from the editor) “there will appear here from time to time illuminating information about the comings and goings of campus-ites so dear to the heart of all.” By the way, this kind of propoganda is not being ccjpied from our friendly station WASK. In other words, a trotting poll or what do you call that thing, a gallop-poll of lamOurs. Drop an eye along the print and watch the guzz go-by. Sssh These lodge badges do get around. Have you heard about Barbara Heide \yearing the jewelry of Dave Simpson, Pi Kappa Phi? Or that man With an eye for bigger things ai’ound Cary Hall, George Emerson, decoratin.g Ginny Goss (Theta) with his pin? Congratulations with one dozen rosfes. Then there’s always the question of “distance makes the heart grow fonder.”' Jinny Graves, pingirl of Bob (Phi Gam) Cutler isn’t worried. She knows the answer. That attractive Theta lassie, Ruth Frier, is"blest and slightly swamped with members of the he-men species. “Variety is the spice of life,” sings Ruthie. Sssh Dwight Zellar, of the Delt clan, is proud to call himself an engaged man these days—and the lucky gal? Anne Gai’land, of course.' Notice the ring—-it’s a honey. K.A.O. Donna Siess made it,definite, too, when she took Fred Jones’ Sig Chi gadget. We aren’t kidding a bit---she’s wearing a diamond', too. Best wishes ..to both. Theta Chi “Itch” Pettit and “Hoss” Hassellman of the Beta Iletel are doing their parts to hold down the fort this summer since the rest of th' ’ - “gang” left schoof (graduated, etc.). Their faces look long, but nevertheless, they manage to hit tho spots in town every niglit. Sssh , Pi Phi Sis” Wiley seems to he having fun taking the Phi Dcdt house'by storm. ’Nuf said. Question of the week: Why doesn’t Bill Maude of the A.T.C.’s stop using the identical line on every girl he wants to date ? Wise up, Willie. The Marines have landed or at least one of them has, for Dotty Benson, K.K.G.’s blond prexy. This eoliimn hopes that you’ll be able to make up your mind now, “Sense.” Sssh There are rumors to the effect that some of the sailors will be moored into WRH South. My, my, how cozy^—'especially with steel doors in the tunnels. Pat Morrison crossed people up by waiting until she got home to take K.D.R. Jim Webster’s pin. Doris Sleeter finally said yes to Gene Houser. At long last, the end of the narrative. So-long and —'-.”0—
By Pat Miller
It’s the place to which you came expecting to spend all your time at football games, pep sessions, dances, ^and studying, and which turns out to be the-place where you spend most of your time Studying. . It’s the place where everyone knows where he is going but you; vthei'e (if you’re a boy)‘ you werir caps in the hottest part of the day when you ■ need them least; where everyone yells .something about $5 eVerytime you fee! poetio and tread on the lovely green gra.ss in front of Purdue HallV It's Where all the walks that lead directly to; a certain buildingv (“you can’t miss it”) always'lead'to the wrong one; where all yout classes are at least 4 blocks apart; where all the advertising says “no 3 hour semester exams” and' you get 8 one hour exams instead.; where you spend half your time figuring out whether to acldress the teacher incharge as Dr. So-and-sb, Professor, or just plain Mr. The University means all these things to we freshmen now, but we’ll soon come to take them as a. matter of course, obeying the rules, becoming familiar with the buildings, teaeher.s, and other ..students, and learning to love the place as the upperclassmen do. In the meantime we hope, and feel pretty confident in prophecying, that we’ll like it here.
Harriette Simons and Doris Bower were elected \ presidents of the two Women’s Residence Halls last night .at special meetings. Doris will act as president of Woodi Hall for the summer term. The other officers are: Virginia Goss, social chairman, and SuZahne Grabfe 1 der, secretarytreasurer. Doris- will serve as chairman of the Governing Board of thb Halls, and will be on the War Council. North Hall Officers ’Harriett^ of’ North Hall, and other officers of this hall afe: Joan Goss; sbeiaf chairman, and' Caiiol Roblee, secretarj’^-trea^urer. ■ Representatives-at-iarge on the Governing Board will be Mary Ellen David, Noi’tii; Tillie Croll grid Virginia Heckart, Wood Hall. Determines Policies The CTOVerhirig Board represents the students in- determining the activities and policies of the Halls. It is the main judicial and executive body in WRH where 150 of the .310 girls enrolled ih the University live. This Board carries out- plans that residents request at the weekly meeting' which representatives have with Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Residence Halls.
Each Monday night over one h,undred Lafayette and West Lafayette women go back to schbol in the H^o'ihe Ecoh'omics Buildi'ng to'team how to feed large numbers of people in case of disaster and’to,demonstrate that the Middle West is beggifig for something tddo in the all out war Effort.' At the present-time, two courses are being offered free of charge under the spon.sorship of the Red Cross. Professor Amy Bloye, head of the foods de-—— —-4-
partment'inthe school of home
Petitions For AWS Due
Dietetics Senior Wednesday
To Attend Picnic
Mary L. Bone, in.slruclor in the foods and nutritions department of the School of Home Economics, will entertain the senior class in dietics and .their instr.uctor. Miss Schuck at her country home tomorrow afternoon. The event will bo a picnic which :is 'being planned by Jane Blank. Miss Bone is serving strawberry .short cake and coffee, while the. girls are to furnish the re.st of the luncheon. Twenty-eight girls are expected to atteml.
• • Being Gloria, wo may' be different, but we do have definite beliefs. For instance, we think . . . that some coeds Would-be much cuter if they had more spic and ]e.<5S''spa'n \ ; .-that if a girl expeeb.s to -w’in a husband she should exhibit'a genei ous, nature or else exhibit how g'enerou.s nature ha.s been to her ... that what Judge Hardy said is true, “Skirt.s should be like a newspaper article, long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to be interesting . . . that one coffin went’out with another coffin to get a bier . . . than when a man says he ha^liis third set ol teeth, he isn’t a' freak, but just wj^i^shopping at Sear.s and Roebuck. '
They’re ‘‘Alt Out
There’s a new clas.s in the .army that wc just found out about. It’s called the 5B class, and to get into it, the draftee must be bald and' have bunions, boils, blisters, and bulges.
A porno for your colTection— 'J'he moon ilse.s over the hilltop 'The stars slyly, peep from their .skies, lie stopped his car, put a hand on my head. And looked soulfully into my eyes. Il.is lips moved ever closer to mine. The world seemed bright and sunny. Then into my ear, a wliisper he send.s; No gas babe;, you got any money ?
-The now famou.s slo.gan of the.army aii' corps has been subjected to commei-cial use until ranriliciition.s Kiieh a.s these have come into existence. The hak'eiy husiiiess has adopted the slogan “Keep ’Em Frying.” The undertakers advjiteii the e[)i(.a(ih“Keep ’Em Dying.” The Kleenex Company-says.“Ki.-ep ’Em Crying.” The merc’hanis blare “Keep ’iOni Buying” and (he marriage lieen.se Imieau pep.s ufi (he lassies . with “Keep On Trying.” ^
American women are now serving in the armed forces of our country, in government agencies, in industry, in agriculture, in schools and colleges, in women’s clubs and in volunteer organizations. Many women have undertaken these new war-time duties with little specific training, making up for their lack of exact skill with a great deal of patriotic zeal. It is we college women who have been granted the advantages of special training. Both the time and the opportunity for such training is available to us ; . . it is up to us to make the most of it. Dean of Women Dorothy G. Stratton recently announced that “it is imperative that each of us contributes not her bit, but her best.” She suggests that each student, unless hampered by ill health, can help the war effort in one of the several ways. A coed should not only “go to school” this .summer, but be sure that the work is pointed to a definite objective, for college graduates are badly needed in all of the fields in which the Univer.sity offers training. For the girls not oni'olled this summer, working in a factory, in an office (»■ on a farm is not only “respectable,” but it is vital. Girls can also help by getting training in shorthand and typing or by volunteering for unpaid service in their communities. When we are asked, “What are .Purdue women doing to hel)) the war effoi'f?” we want to be able to .say, “They’re all out.” m.j.l.
W A A, YMCA Plan Picnic
YWCA and WAA are iilannin.q a picnic for all ’Vvomen sliulents. It will be held on Monday, .lime 1, at 5:30 on the picnic groundf? behind the .stadium. Vivian Peter.son and Ruth Walker, who are in charge of arrang'e-^ merits, have announced that ,!>:ames will be played, including liasebaii, .and especially urge that freshman women and^ their counselors attend.
Frc.shmen women wild intend to petition for a position on the executive' board of the Associated Women Students mu.st turn in thoii’ jietitions at the. AWS office in the Union Building or to Florence Croll at Wood Hall office by noon next 'Wedntrsday. Freshmen women are those who have attended the University for only one semestm’ or who entered the University this May. The form for the petition is as follows: We, the undersigned, do hereliy nominate for the position of freshman representative on AW.S executive board for the Summer, term-. 1942. ,Tlie petition must be signed liy 15 freshmen coeds. Candidates wil'l 1)0 introduced at a moetin,g of all jfreshmen women at 5 next Thursday afternoon in the AWS office. Tlie, election will lie held at this time, and passports must lie shown in oi’der to vote. Only one repi-e-. sentativo will he oiocted tliis semester. <■
economics, teaches the nutrition course which is a prerequisite for the canteen course taught by Professor’s (ilainble, Clark and Miss Huffman, all of the institutiori management department. One Cut Allowed The classes are sot up very much like the .regular University classes, .wdth assignments, tests, special projects and lab work. Only one cut is allowed. The nutrition comse in \vhich fifty women are enrolled, meets for ei.ght two and one-half hour periods. In this course the basic principles of nutrition are taught, and the women learn the caloric requirements of the body, sources of the vai'ious food nutrients, relation of nutrition to health and the planning of meals. Red Cross Certificates The sixty women who have oni'olled in the canteen course must have practical experience in quantity cookery before they can receive their Red Cros.s certificates. Besides attending ten two hour clas.sos in which equipment, menu planning, buying, figuring costs, food preparation and organization of help will bo taken up, they' must be able to report work in tlie Homo Economics cafeteria or some other largo kitchen in the community. As a special project the women in the canteen course aro making a surye’y of the facilities of the variou.s lodge, school and church kitchen.s wliich could be u.sed in feeding refugees in case of an
emergency.
\^A^ To Hold
tourneys
‘■•if’
"WAA is now holding tournaments in tennis and golf. The golfers will be divided into two sections: the beginners and the advanced players. This tournament, which is to begin June 1, will be held on the University course with Katie Gannon in charge. Students may sign ,qp in the Women’s Gym until further notice. Those stu^lents interested in the tennis tournaments have until Sim-r day to sign up at the Women’s Gym and to have their three required practices completed. The tournament will be a singles elimination contest and all women on‘the camj)us are eligible to cntei’’.'’ Prospective player.s-will arrange for their own rackets. The gdmCs Will start Monday afternoOri. ’ ’
WBAA
, . . auditions held Monday and Tuesday at the Music ’ 'Hall:' 'were attended l)y moi'e than 50 sliidents. Successful applicants will he. announced later.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
AWS Selects Haas
For Wat Council
At the regular meeting of tlie Associated Women Students last Wednesflay Charlotte Hass was appointed junior AWS representative on the War Council, Kathryn Bertsch and Dori.s .Sleeter were named senior and .sophomore memboi’.s, re.spectively, of the .Judicial Board.
SUNDAY, MAY 24 DICK MILLS and his orchestra L.idics 30c—Meii 60c tax paid -« Summer Opening Saturday, May 30. Dancing every night and Sunday afternoon beginning Friday, May 29. Bud Roderick qnd. his orchestra
rODAY-SAT. . . 2 HITS
\THEBfiAMA OF TODAY! '
America goes on
^ •' guard, ripping the
camouflage from the Nazi network
?C’ ; of spies!
iAii
AmuT
CONRAD VIEDT ANN AVARS
PLUS'
ROY ROGERS
Jack ’ Galeener Recalls Events
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
DR. PAUL A, RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — dentists —
400-404 Schultz Oldg. 4th and Main St. L.itaycttc
WANTED—Several students to work Fri., Sat., Sun., May 29> 30, 34.
Of Career In Women’s Gym
By Charlell.e Ila.ss Hii.s father-in-law was janitor of l.^ujidue HaU, hi.s brother-in-law wa.s jivnitor of a l)uilding' in aiiolher university and W. L. (Jacl;) (itilecrie'r is. janitor of tlie Women’s Memorial Gymna.sium. Gray-liaireii, pciqiy Jack GalceneT lias" been keeper of tiie (>ym rlTice4'935 when it was still u.sed for ■fho f'elJows as a ficldhouse, iind al! df the basltetbali game.'', weri' iilayed f'her'e. -“Now that the I''ieldhoi!se Yrid'Music Hall are on tlie camjm.s, v/e“seldom intalize that students a 'few years Itack had to sit on hard fieaehefK to listen to eonvo speakerA,’ in a small auditoj ium with no 'acoustical instruments,” Jardc said. '■ “People used to get such a kick put'of seeing the games that I ‘really did not mind cleaning the ' plate'up after them,” .stated Jack, trt his friendly way.' West Side bas-
ketball games wore tlie worst, lie recalled, as the youthful fans left more popcorn, candy and g'um wrapper.s around than tlie college students ever did. 'I'lie Iniilding was a catch-all for the community activities, and Jack keiit the rooms loolcing spick and'span for it all. Jack rememher.s many funny instances in his cai'oer in the building, hut can recall ho serious ones. About a month ago a faculty wife came to Mr. Galeener in gi'oat anxiety, “I’ve lost my diamond Wedding ring in the pool. Won’t you find it?” Jack filtered the iiool, inspected, the hair filter that usually catches articles from the swimming pool ,and did not locate the ring. He look high and low over the lockers, but yet no ring. About a wopk latci' the anti-climax to the situation came when the faculty wife
called up and said that she liad found the ring after all in lier sewing. basket at homo. Girls Are ‘Flighty’ Last winter when costume jewelry was so popular. Jack had many calls from worried girls about different lost articles. Jack/looked for them, but never got worried for the first few (lays, because “almost invariably the coetfs would find the stuff' at liome, under their desks or on the floor. .Jack has come to tlie conclu.sion that girls are flighty, Init he doesn’t mind lieeause “it’s fun to watch their reactions”’ Football players who kept the same lockers during their college days, often come back to the Gym' and' start to hunt for their cubbyhole only to find that the place has been completely remodelled. (Continued on page 4)
iURRY!... HURRY LAST 2 DAYS
The GreatesiMotion Picture of All Time!
illonfitiuous Performances a 12:30 - 4:30 - 8:30 P. M
GOME ANYTIME BETWEEN 12:30 AND 8:30 AND SEE A COMPLET SHOW!
TODAY - SATURDAY
imrmm
STARTS MlDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
MARS
TOMORROW — ONE DAY ONLY —
THE MASTER OP SWING!
The BennoH Sisters 4 DANCERS—HARMONISTS 4 preddie Stewarf SINGING HITS OF THE DAY
STAGE SHOWS AT
• ON THE SCREEN • 1:15 - 3:25 - 5:45 - 7:55 - 10:00 jT’gJl GIRL AT THE BUMSTEAOS! — COME EARLY
ALL SEATS 12:00 to 1 :30
33«
ALL SEATS 1:30 to 6:00
Grady Sutton • Oscar O'Shea • Louise Currie
TODAY and SATURDAY SCATTERGOOD RIDES HIGH
with
GUY KIBBEE
plus •
EMERGENCY
LANDING
\
6:00 P. M. TO CLOSING Palcony 40c T.ix Main Floor 50c Tax Inc Children (AllDay).. ^‘.iTc Tax Inc
LAST TIMES TODAY —ON THE SCREEN Van HEFLIN • Marcha HUNT • Lee BOWMAN
'KID GLOVE KILLER'
■ ;j Y-
(it
V)
'X M
''mmI
- 4'
104.
^Boile^maleef"^ 'Sports"'^- , ^ f i i t 'i & s-. ' i j» T? i S y
%;|f Imk Teams HaU Meet Here Tomorrow ,1, ,
By Jim Ackerman
For the twentieth annual ruhning of the Indiana Intercollegiate track and field championships, eight teams have entered 85 athletes to take part. Notre Dame, Indiana, Purdue, Butler, Earlham, Ball State, DePauw, and Taylor are scheduled to take part in the meet which will take place in the Ross-Ade Stadmm beginning at 1:30 tomorrow afternoon. Of the teams entered, Notre Dame is favored to take their third consecutive title, with the Hoosiers from Indiana and the Bulldogs from Butler close behind in the competition. The Irish and the Indiana’s Big Ten runner-up squad have un- . -i., , , 7, . ., , •, team which finished eight points beusual strength in the track hind the Irish, but the Hoosier events from the quarter mile squad as a whole is much stronger to the two mile, but Notre Dame than that of last season’s, seems to have the edge in the field There are two double winners in events. events returning this year. They The Irish have entered 16 men in are Campbell Kane of Notre Dame tlfe meet as has Indiana. Though and Allsbury of Butler. Kane took the Boilermakers are hampered by honors in the half-mile and the mile the lack of men because of early last year, while Allsbury captuied graduation, they have entered 14 as the 100 and the broad jump. Three compared with 12 from Earlham; 9, other first place men from last Ball State; 9, Butloi'; 7, DoPauw, year’s meet will represent the Iiish and 2, Taylor. and one other winner from the meet Butler Squad Strong will be present, Meadows of 'Taylor Fresh from an impressive victory University, in the “Little State” meet, Butler Notre Dame Entries will bring with them such men as Bill Dillon in the high hurdles, Jack Rice, Little State champion Jim Delaney in the shot put, and in the mile run and the one man Jack Weithoff in the pole vault are track team, Ray Alsbuiy. Alsbury the Notre Dame men, while Meadwill defend his ciown in both the ows topped the field in the javelin 100 yard dash and broad jump. throw. The Irish have another favIf Burt Anthony of the Riveters oi ite who should garner sortie points is able to report for action, the Boil- and that is Ray Roy, who finished eimakers will be able to put one second behind Indiana’s Roy CochgOod squad on the figld. The mile ran last year, in the 440. a member, will give plenty of com- A1 Jentsh, one of the'few potenpetition to the Hoosier quartet tial point getteis for the Riveteis, which was a runner-up in the big will i un in the mile. Tony Maloney Ten meet and to the speedy Nolle and Francis Conforti of the lush Dame four.some, and a Butler com- who finished third and fouith, rcbination that set a now maik in spectively in the mile last yeai, will winning the Little State crown last be back to renew their duel with
o^rts c^muniqueg J^linnesota Nine To ^ Bv Bob Hadlev ^ m
Riveter Camp For
Saturday.
Hoosiers Improved
Kane and Paul Kendall of Indiana who finished fli st and second re-
J'All of the teams have a gioat spectively last year.
‘number of veterans from last ycai’s Jentsh will have plenty of compecontest, except the Boilermakeis tion fiom the above men, but ho is wlio had final exams la.st year at capable of turning in good limes, the time of the meet and thciefoie He finished louith m the Big Ten could not take part. Indiana lost a last Satuiday. Seveial ol' his tunes
great many point getters from the
(Continued on page 4)
Dad's Placfi so HANDY
POPCORN Gallon . 15c BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cre.ini Pint 20c Other flavors 17c pint
f, new peekaboo glove 4 byKayser c 11 ‘ Crisscross openwork up the back to let your white hands peek through. Cj A delicious confection, of knot- ^ trailed rayon Kay-Wave. You’ll love °c‘' the way these Kayser gloves wash and wear.
GLOVE SHOP Slreol Floor Front
With many misgivings I commence the piecing together of my first effort in my new capacity as Exponent sports editor. My objective i^ to present a column, highlighting* campus and national sports such as has become almost a traditional part of Exponent sports pages in recent years, which will measure up to its pledeeessors. Meeting the standards set by such columns as Joe Dolan’s “Irishman’s Illusions,” Phil .Johnson’s “Sports Gestapo,” Ted Clark’s “Around The Water Bucket” and “Spewing Of Sports,” composed by a capable junior crew during the gap totween regimes, is a task that assumed discouraging propoitions. All that r can now promise is that this column'* will' try to present the “side of sports,” complete with the hearty cheers for jobs well done, and reverberations where a knock seems needed and>is deemed likely to be beneficial. If anyone at any lime thinks that I liavC' missed a cue on either a cheer or a knock, I' would be Very glad to hear from him, and take the indicated action. I am looking forward very much to the contacts which I will make with the various phases of Boilermakei sports and the men who direct them. I only hope that out of these associations may come a greater insight into spoils and a greater interest on the part of the University
as a whole.
Starting out into a field of journalism with which I am not too familiar, and stepping into the shoes of men who lived and' ate sports, I am going to lean heavily on the gang that has carried on “on their own” in recent weeks—junior editors Don Brewer, Joe Dawson, Ed Karpick and Bob Krieger. They are as able, dependable and easy-to-work-with a bunch as one could ask. I feel certain that the end of the year will find Boilermaker sports covered completely and Well. I sincerely hope that I can live up to the confidence placed in me by my associates on the staff and that with the aid of the other members of the sports staff, I can aid in some way the advancement of sports at the
University.
This column will appear with a fair degree of regularity with one qualification: when the editor has nothing to say and is unable to find a junior editor who knows something—nothing will be said. Occasions when no gleam of intelligence appears in the eyes of any of the group should be relatively infrequent. One plank in my platfoiih, now under slightly confused consideration, which is definitely in position I may present at this time to relieve worisos which may have bothered some. After a hasty sciutiny of the photogiaph published in the Exponent of May 19, it has been definitely concluded that a cut of the columnist shall not appear in the column head. 1
Track Tickets Through special arrangement with the Indiana Intercollegiate Conference, summer term students will be enabled to purchase tickets for the state track meet tomorrow at the special reduced price of 25 cents, it was announced last night by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket .sales. Students can purchase the reduced rate ticket upon presentation of their summer term idenlificalion curds at the stadium
Saturday.
The regular price for flic general public will be 50 coiifs. Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social frateiiiity, announces the initiation of Hyman Smulovitz, East Chicago,
DULL
NEVER A
MOMENT .
^ mi ROOMS
^ BOWLING ALLEYS
BROWSING ROOM
BILLIARDS
SWEET SHOP
, yls uwil as a big hroakfasL^ lunch ami - iliuuer slop in to meet your friends. JM- . fiWtduJL TybmifdaL lAniofL “Just take a walk through the bulding^’
Tony Maloney
Frank Conforti
Great Lakes Contest Changed To New Date Following the windup Big Ten series with Minnesota this weekend, which features a night game tomorrow, Purdue’s baseball squad will close its regular season schedule in a leturn gumo with Great Lakes here on either Tuesday afternoon, May 20, or Friday afternoon, June 5, it was announced today by Coach Dutch Fehring. The exact date for the return tilt with the Sailors, who took a 13 to 6 decision over the Boilermakers at Great Lakes, will be definitely set within the next few days. The game was originally scheduled for May 27, but was shifted in older to permit Gicat Lakes to play Camp Giant pi 101 to a Chicago Cubs game as a part of a Navy Relief program on that (late.
This pair of middle distance stars will cairy the Irish hopes in the middle distance events. Notre Dame’s chance for a victory margin over the Indiana Hoosiers rest largely on these two men’s performance. Both the Hoosiers and the Irish boast strong squads with the principal strength of the Indiana squad being in the middle distance events. If either or both of these runners can capture place points in the state track meet tomorrow, then the Irish chances will be improved a great
deal.
The middle distance events with such outstanding performers as Campbell Kane, E irl Mitchell of Indiana, and Boilermakers A1 Jentsch and Don Kemp will probably be the featuies ot the day’s program. PATROm/E EXPONENT ADVERTISERS ^lliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllilllllllllllllllllll^ I FRIEIVDLY SERVICE | § Boiidcd g § Gas and Oil =
Double Victory For Fehrir^n^n Will Mean First Division Ber^ Minnesota’s Golden Gophers will open the final Big Ten series for the Boilermakers with an afternoon game at Ross Ade Field this afternoon at 4. Tomorrow night at 8:30 the tWo teams will end their series with a night game played at ColttHi-
bian Park.
Last year the two clubs split the series played at Minneapolis. The Gophers won the first game by. the score of 2-1, bat — the Boilermakers came baek'to
win the finale by a 9-7 score in ten innings, Don Blanken came out on the short end of the pitcher’s battle in the first eontest, while Johnny Emmert pitched and batted the team to victory in the second game. \
Shoot The Works
Fully aware that a sweep of the series will mean a first division beith, the Boilermakers wiH ntnfee the old college try for a double win. Paul Petrich, sophomore right hander who has accounted for two of the Riveter conference victories to date, IS slated to go on the mound against
the invading nine.
Minnesota’s mound duties wilt be invested in Bill Anderson, veteran hurler, with Norman Gallup expected to pitch relief or to start the night game at Columbian Fark tomoi row. Walt Coffey, rookie moondman might also see some action if Coach Fehring’.s men succeed in finding the batting range. Although the Gophers have fpred none too well in the Big Ten competition thus far this season, they boast an unusually hardb hitting record. Bob Higley, firsts baseman, slated to play tomorrow, tops life squad with a .600 average, and other heavy hitters include Dick Warner, third baseman hitting at a .358 clip, and Don Crasseweller, centerfielder, who is credited with a .346 mark. All sluggers compose a «tefinite worry to pitcher Paul Petrich. Fehring Power Limited; Losses to armed services and defense work limit the Boilermakeadiamond power, however Coach Fehring will probably stand- pat to piaetically the same line-up which tiounced the Wabash nine 5rl heri last Tuesday. Bill Burghardt, shortstop, will lead off the Riveter, batting nine, and Walt Leifheit, who Fehring conveited to right-field fiom the pitching box, will follow Burghardt in batting order. Authorities have made arrangements to open the gates of Colubibian Park stadium at T:.30 p.m., Minnesota taking the field then, and the Boilermakers coming on at 7:50 for ten minutes of infield driH.
Room For AH
Plenty of tickets for the genwal public, priced at 50 cents, will be on sale at both games, and summer teim identification cards for students will be honored both in the afternoon and tomorioW at the night game. ’’
New Program For Expanded P.E.M. 12 Classes Underway Under the supervision of Dr. J. J. Easteiwood and his assistant H. F. Phillips, both of the P. E. depaitment, the new schedule of activities for the expanded P. E. M. 12 classes is getting well underway. The entire P. E. staff, coaches and instructors alike, ai’e working on this new program which includes swimming instruction, recreational games, and general conditioning.
Classes Divided
Each class is being divided into three parts. One third reports at the swimming pool where a staff of swimming instructors, headed by Dick Papenguth, Riveter swimmingcoach, run the boys thiough a series of swimming drills and calisthenics. Coach Papenguth plans to have everybody able to swim at least-a quaitei of a mile before the end of the year, and to be able to do the cross chest cany for 25
yards.
The second third of the class is sent to the fieldhouse for what assistant Phillips calls recieational games. So far these games include badminton and paddle tennis only. Eventually loop tennis and tether ball will be added to the program. Both of these games involve a long pole with a ball diopped fiom the top of it on a string. The object of tether ball is to wind the string around the pole by swinging at the ball, whereas in loop tennis the idea is to knock the ball through one of two loops which aie set up next to the pole. According to Phillips, loop tennis takes a high degiee of skill, and both games are helptul in the development of aim muscles.
Work and Play
The object ot these lecieational games is not as much for conditioning as it IS to teach the classes several lecognized games, such as badminton and tether ball, which they may want to play in later
years.
The remaining thud of the class is given more strenuous games and vigorous conditioning. This conditioning includes i clays, cross country runs, and, as soon as the course is completecU a steeple chase. This steeple chase ivill be an obstacle race which will include such obstacles as huidles to jump, walls to climb, and streams to cross. The course should be completed in one Ol two weeks. It is the plan of the P. E. department to keep the glasses out-dooi s as much as possible. Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St.
g T. & R. OIL CO., IllC. = t Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price iiJIilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllP SAY "BOO" TO BAGGAGE BOTHER
...Am TAKE YOUR TRAIH CAREfRH!
Don’t start your vacation cluttered up with luggage problems when a phone call to Railway Expri ss relieves you ot all such troublesome details. We’ll call tor your trunks and bags, speed them to your home, and save you time and expense. The low rates include insurance, and double receipts, to say nothing of pick-up and delivery at no extra duirge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and pimcipal towns. You can send "collect”,too,when you use Railway Exprfss. Just phone for information or service.
Railwa
OY Jpjt;
jqPRESS AGENCY 'yBgr' INC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Ward IM Manage Needed To Carrjj Oul Increased Progrwt Eight Ward Managers are needed to fill vacancies the Intramtiral Sports Office announced yesterday. These eight vacancies must be SBetl as quickly as possible to meet the unusual summer demand for intt'Rmural activities. Duties Explained It is the duty of the Ward IVIanager to organize all those boys in his distiiet who are interested yi foi ming a team for participation in the various intramural tournaments. The Ward Manager acts in the capacity of both coach and manager. Peiiodical correspondence from the Intramural offi(Hj provides the Ward Manager with thg nee^-sai-y information as to the sehidule of activities and the time and place his team will play. The Ward positions t® be filled are as follows: Ward 2. the area West of the campus and North of Third street; Ward 3, the area north of Elm street and east of Grant street: Ward 4, the area bounded on the south by Sylvia street, on the east by Vine street, on the northby Stadium street, and on the west by Grant street; Ward 6, the area bounded on the north by Fowler avenue to Vine street and street, also from Vine street to isbury street, the south boundar;^ Is State and South streets, the east boundary is Salisbury street; Ward 7, the area bounded by $tadjlMiE street on the north, State street Oh the south and Salisbury street on the west; Ward 8, the area boundiid on the north by State street the (Continued on page 4)i \
'S!» 4
■1> V''' r rV T* * if ■ y '• ^ ; !__, -e 1 • • Purdue Exponent
Friday, May 22, 1942
University Sponsors Merry-Go-Round...
Training Class For Women Engineers
Fn^st engineering wai training class spoiisoied by the Univeisity composed cntn ely of y omen study ing foi positions in the electi ical industnes is now meeting in Decatui Undei the guidance of Roland P Heitel of the Foit Wayne bianch of llu Gtncial Electiic Companj, Ihe 2') yomcn emolled in the Couise meet till ec houi^ evei\ Wednesday evening to discuss the dilfeieiit phases of ilcctiital installa lions and then niainten incc Studv General Eleclncitv The stud> of pitcautions necessaii in hooking up and stilting electi leal ccimpmcnt icccising the dnettion oi spttd ot niolois, yind ing aiinatuies Joi motois welding inspection icpiinng puts uid testing switches will be covcied in the defense classes licfoic the couist IS completed The ages ot the women and then occupations aie a t\pical cioss section of the Ameiican women—the ages langc fiom 10 to 45 and they aie emplo\ed at all occupations fiom wclfaie woiktis to bookkeep
pers
Ward Managers (Continued fiom page 3) south bv South streed on the east by Salisbury, and on the west bv South Grant street, Ward 9, the area south of State street and west of Grant street, Ward 10, which is that area surrounding West Lafay-
ette
By viitue of the Waul Manage! ship system, many students aie given the advanta,„es ot engaging 111 supei vised athletic contests with good equipment which they could not otheiwise possess At piesent, softball holds the spotlight of in ti'amuial activities with 33 social fiateinities competing toi the championship The softball toui nament will continue thioughout the entile sumiiiei session with games scheduled eveiy Tuesday and Thuisday The highest peicentage of wins will deteiniine the winning
team
Anyone inteiested in oiganizing a team in any one ol the above named distncts may sign up foi his Waid Manageiship in the Intianiu lal Office Fraternities (Continued fiom page 1) Alumni, and Plot W \ Knapp, assistant dean of Engineeung Other Participants Otheis who will take pait in the thiee day piogiam aie Piot F B Knight, diiectoi of Education and Applied Psychology, Dean F T Mitchell of Michigan State College, William N Ridei, piesident ot the Univeisity Fiateinity Piesidents’ Council, Plot r E Robbins of the Univeisity staff, R B Stewait Univeisity Contiollci, and Dean Fied H Tuinci Dc^n ot Men at the Univeisity of Illinois Piogiam toi the school is divided into half day sessions and Ei iday s piogiam will be devoted to the piobleins ol sccuiirig manpowci and tiaining and initiating new men On Satuiday the gioup will discuss the pioblems of consciving maiipovcci thiough financial management in I in the aftcinoon seholuship ind activtics w ill be teatuicd on the pio giam ( oiiferente Closes Sunday Noon The Sunday moii ing sessien y\ill (’cal yyith “Conseiy n^, Ei iteinitics ind the school y\ill end aftei a elos mg banquet Sund ly noon R B Stewait yyill addiess the banquet on the subject ‘ The College 1 i itcinitj Assumes Adult Responsibility All fiateinitv men yyho aic plan ning to attend the school shoulel leave then names yyith Geoige I Davis assistant to the Diieetoi of the Summei Session as soon as pos sible The i egistiation tee may be paid at the time of i egisti atioii and need not be paid in advance Jack Vateener (Continued fiom page 2) Open House Engineers Esjieeially funny situation aiisc when the building has open house People come down staiis to lool at the boileis and vvatei softeniis and then begin telling Jack how to ojk i ate them “1 let them have then say, and continue in my oyvn wajit usually woiks out ’ Jack has jiiidt in keeping the maeliines in tip top, shining condition When he (liBeussed the two 25,000 gallon and pump, his face faiily beamed as he explained how watei went in belt, and thiough heie etc Yes, It is something to be a fust late janitoi and Jack Gale e net of the Meinoiial Gyninusiuui is one ot the best
(Continued from page 1) was able to make gasoline out of watei The stoiy seems like a myth, but it IS recoided in the U S Naval Institute Pioceedings, an official lecoid, and the Nayy in 1916 was so convinced that gasoline could bo made out of water that it yvas will ing to pay' $2,000,000 foi the pro
cess
But suddenly, the inventoi, a Poituguese disappeaied The Navy has nevei been able to find him since Here is the official vei sioii as written down bv Captain E P lessop, f hen senior engineering officer at the New York Navy Vaid He lecoids fhaf a Portuguese named John Andrews came to the engineering laboratory of the New York Navy Yaid where he poured wafer fiom a Navv bucket into the fuel tank of a Navy motor boat engine, then took a small phial from his pocket and drojiped 6 oi 7 drops ol a greenish fluid info fhe tank Then he said, Stai t the engine ” The inventoi had not examined the engine oi alteied it in any \yay It sputtoied 1 bit at fust, then settled doyyn to woik uid consumed evciy (hop of fuel in the tank, de veloping 75 pei cent of its latcd hoisepoyyci “By this time” writes Crptain Jessop in the official lecoid “yve yveie in a state of mind to desciibe We had seen a gas engine assimi 1 ite a gicat peicentage of watei in its fuel, when all oui expeiience had pioved that a veiy small peicentage of yvatei in the fuel yvould make the engine lefuse duty, and the simplicity of Audiews’ equipment seemed to make it impossible loi him to have deceived us ” • Cash Or Nothing Next day the expeiimcnt was le peated with salt watei This time, to make suie theie was no decep tion the mixtuie was made in a loom cntiiely bue ol fuinitinc Again the inventoi pouied watei into the gasoline tank, mixed a few chops of giecn liquid with it, the engine staited and did not even sputtei It settled doyvn at once dc veloping 75 pei cent of its lated hoi sepoyy ci Next, Inventor Andiews was tak eii to Washington toi a demonstration betoie the Navy’s Bureau of Engineering It was so convincing that the Navy asked to buy his in vention The price asked was $2000,000 The Navy countered by offering to put $2 000 000 in the bank in escrow, the money to be paid when he had taught ten naval ex perfs to mix the fuel Andiews leliised the offer, say ing he wanted cash This made the navy skeptical They hesitated, and a day oi two latci the inventoi dis appealed lie has ncvei been hcaid of since “Pei sonally,” concluded Captiin Jessop, “I believe that John An chews had a veiy valuable secict, and it IS 1 pity some w ly could not be woiked out to sitisfy his le qiiii ements ’ • Pepper's Hitler Haid hitting Senatoi Claude Pep pel ol Eloiida is fond of oinaments and lii^ office is filled with them One of his most prived is a large, stone I ittlesnake But although il occupied a prominent plac' on a manflepieee in Pepper’s outer office it iftiaeted hide .ticntion Appaienfly flute was loo much eompcii tion fiom otliei things such as fish tanks, piinlings of lloiida, fancy coloicd vises, liioii/e slatiutfcs, and so on How eve the stone sn ike it 11 t hi come into its own It li is be come the eynisuie of all eyes siiiee Peppei placed i si,,ii on if in bi^ lett^is 1 e idin^ HitEi • Russian Action Sti inge as it m ij seem the Rus s ins even today yyill not pc unit the de lively of planes flora the I lilted ‘-t ite bv w ly of Alaslvi and the Bei in^ Sti iits fo Sibei la Ihe tiuLible IS not in the loute It IS no seeiet tbit on the Ameiiein I le the bases aie le idy o ne illy I ( uly I hei e lie no lo ig bop in yolve I—no ovei w itei hops it all except the Be i in„ Sea w hieh is y eiy nuiow it the Stiaits Ihe Aimy All loiee I ei lying f omm ind is le idy to do the job— s soon is the Lussiins wdl pel mil Bui llu Russiins dire as is Ihcir need loi eeiuipinenl legaidthedan gii from Japan as more acute If tluv perniiUed the Lulled Stales lo make such de In cues this would eonstilule a new I S Soviet paitnership lot war and would bieaeli die agieeireni between Ihe Soviets and die laps icgirding the Pacific \ot lon^ igo the U S Aimy pio posed to send about tliiity cxpeits not II uiiifoira to inspect iimways ind instillations to make suic that E S types of ]jlanes yveie equipped to o) ei lie on Sibe nan aiipoits But the Hus lain, i,ai(i no • U. S. Reaction U S le letion to this IS partly im patienee p utly sy nipathy We aie anxious to pet die pi me to Rus bia the shoi t way latiui than oyei
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLklity
“It really was a saciifice to contiibute that nmc'r tube, lunioi used it at the beach in summei and I sued it at double teatuie mo\ les ”
University Calendar ^Friday, May 22
10 00 A M—State Planning Gommittee 1 L IE 4 00 PM —Baseball—Minnesota 4 iO P M —Gosmopolitan Club 8 10 P M —Sigma Alpha Epsilon Dance
Room 201 Union Base 1) ill Diamond Room 04 Union NoithBalh 00111 Union
Saturday, May 23
Outdooi St ite Tiack Meet 2 10 PM — BiscbiH—Minnesota 8 ’0 PM —Mixei
Baseball Di imond Noilh Balhooni, Union
Staff Members (Continued iiom page 1) Ameiitan Institute ol Plamieis, the Amoiican Society ot Planning Of fieials and the N ition il Planning Association Such topics as cuiient housing pioblems, stieam pollution, jiaiks and pliv,,iound impiovc ments and loieKulc eievc lopme nts will be included on tlie thiee d ly 111 ogiam Seniors Most Register For Debris Today All students vvno expect to ^i id u ite in eithei Aii„us1 oi Dccembei 1942 must 1 e„iste 1 outside the De bus olliec lieloic 5 0 this iltei noon Since the Univei sity h is eh in^ed the student el is i itmg those 1 iil iiU to ugislei will not lie included 111 the seiiioi iclIoii ol llu Deeem he 1 De In i lee oi dm to 1 he De 1 i is (llisc
the Ion,, 1 I ( me e’m e i oil i o He VI i till iXiiln vllinue uui Vim m 111 1 Hov vei He oseyilt ind Hull il 1 imdi I si i 1(1 I u 1 I SI III point 111 it die \ hi e Liken i lot ol li oops Old ( I 1 ( 1 i met e in i il I Ol d to lulu o tw o 1 lilts i he Uii 111 deliiiile l\ vv ml i second Iriinl JmiI tbev w ml II lu 1 mope vvheie ^oaebii'y else will eliveit IVa i tioops ironi Ih ( ill e isii ihev don I w ml it in Iheii own bukv<iid wlieie Hie’ will hive lo diverl Iheii own Hoops Iwo possible developments m ly illci this st ind 1 itl icl by I ip n 2 seveianee of the t v o othi i ’upply loutos nimely yii Miimiii’-k uiel Aichangel ml vi i the Pc: si in Gull ((opyii,,bt 1912 by United 1 till e Sy ml i ite )
Dr. Hall To Address Cosmo Club Tonight Pi of Eiank Hall ol the histon economics and goycinment depiit mont will spell at the ( osmoiioli tan Club meeting loci ly at 7 15 p m in Room 304 ol the Union Jhe subject ol hm speech will be ‘ Wheie Do We Gd liom Hcie’’ Since it IS the aim ot the club to establish and maintain i bottci iindeistanding among the foicign ’-tudents and oLhei students on the campus the „ioup is vitally intei ested in the piesent woild situa tion Jhe meeting is open lo all students and f iciilty memhe i s William Danforth , ehaiiman of the hoaid ol Rilston Puiina company and of the Dantoith Foundation will sjicak on ‘Aspects of Post W 11 Soei il Pi oh Icms” at the agiieultuic stall s monthly dinnei Monday ni,,ht The John Marshall
Placement Notes For Women Women inteiested in the positions desciibed below should come in the Placement Seivice foa Women, Executive Building, for fuither
infoimation
1 Civil Service examination foi Engineeung Draftsmen — $1,140$2,600 pel year 2 Civil Seivice examination foi Technical and Scientific Aid—$1,440 to $2,000 Applications must be in by June 1 “Thei e is an ui gent need foi women who have completed two yeais of college woik with couises in mathematics 3 Civil Seivice cximination foi Junioi Chemist—$2 000 a yeai Ap plications must begin Tunc 1 4 Oppoitunities foi women to do giaduate woik in child guidance and tiaming Fellowships available' to meet almost all expenses State Track (Continued fioin page 1) have been close to iccoiels and last wintci lentscli finished thud in the Big Ten indooi meet Besides the mile iini, lie also takes pait in the half mile __ Othei letinning lush point win neis will he Bill Nicholson, Ollic Huntei, Geoige Sehicwe, and Vicais Nicholson took thud in the high hnidles and also took fointh place in the hi,,h jump Huntei was a lunnei-up in the two mile, while Vicais was a lunnei up in the jave lin Schicwc finished thud in the low huidles last season Hoosieis that will ictuin aio Haiiy Piiee, foiiith place vvinnci m the 440, Huge McAdams, who tied loi thud in the pole vault, and the two othei sine fiie point gatheieis Kane and Kendal! Ihc only othei letiuning point man is Kenny Cole oi Ball State, who took thud place in the discus tin ow
Early Start
Inasmuch as pi climmailes in field events will be staited piomptly at 1 30 p n , ail ingcmcnts have boon made to open the stadium gates to the geneial public at one Plenty oi tickets piicce! it 50 cents each, will be available at the stadium The fiist final tiaek event of the meet, the one mile lun will be staited piomptly it 2 20 p m
Notices
Pi Tau Sierma* April initiates—Membership cards now available at Main OfTice> ME building —KINNEY Purchasers of Oeoris Those who have n6t received their copies of the 1942 Debris must henct-forth report to Mr Sodden s office in the Executive Building to receive their copies We warned you —ADAMS Youaves All members interested in malting a trip to Indi inapolis Piuhy May 22, meet in Aimory tonight at 4 p m
— HUNT
Union Building Assignments Oigani/ations wishing permanent rooms in the Me moiial Union foi tht n<xt two hcmesicis will submit wiittdi petitions to the Stu dent Union Odiccs befoic liiday May 22 IMt I'll staU si/( of Olgani/ation and ica sons I i iLcjutsting a ptimincnt room
nrUSlLU
^ — (amp Minawankn Aiiimni AH those in t itsltil 11) the w il 1 th Amtncan Youth I oundution C ontH( t Di ( IT Ci ivts phont lU 12 I) I n Mf n hiy May
GRAVl S
Htica College Alumni I dy-mei students jnd tfiitis lilt 1 steel in Htita College Ktn tifly oenlaet Di (i II (iiavts jihone 11(12 1 leic M fii lay M ly 25
CRAVES
WAA Ttnnis Tournament Singles tnir naount will he tilted Monday May 25 J1 ret j 1 I iKts IK 1 ({|un 11) (ok ( ntiance into (ompetition WAI KDR Radio (liib Metling Wednesday May 27 al 7 0 I in Ml 1 e m 5 if the LL buileling Inle) (ing ieal< i Utiushmenls W1STNrAl Alpha Phi Omega Important oHiteis me.itinf 1 n laj Muv 22 in loom 250 of Cny ilall SW at 7 p m WIT BUR Model Railroad (lub Me.etmg Satuiday Miy 2i it 1, I TYi at Discussion el summer jlins we ric anel operatnn —ARMSTRONG WAA Council YWCA Thiard meeting I lulay M :y 22 at 4pm in the WAA e f (ue in the Gvm Impoitint WAI K1 R Poultry Science I lub Meet with Aljiha /iti It H p m Monday May 2 to heir W H Danloith ^lesiUnt of the Uoai 1 of Dirtcters of Puiini Inc WII BUR Cosmopolitan Clith There will bo a m<et mg Enday M ly 22 it " K j m m reiom (01 of the Union I vei vine- is invited to at tend SI EVLU All Scouts and Scoiiters Alpha Phi Ome gi will h 11 p 11 m ft) If. i It el ly May 2( it 10 pm n uein lO" in the Union I 1(1 Din D n Uvl u II le k An impel tint sh()t 1 ti\( nuttinj. l( (ellow
WILBUR
Christiin Foundation A kiting, patty will b 1 1 i a M I le 1 n t I 1 iday M ly 2 ^ Me t t 111 S C r M t it S 1 m fe r r (1 s I lel et re 2 c ii 1 ni ly I ( jhtiirud fi im B tt\ I K kiiel I ill V B i f. hm in W ilt Ih n IS 1 I) in i M le J 1 n ( n -JOHNSON (le)Id Peppers Punic it j 30 'leusdiy M i> 2( t Ih WAA cal in Hnnu nun > f 1 1 Ils —SIMONS
Freshman Camp Counselor®! Anyone in*terested in acting as a counselor at the August freshman camp should cell or get in touch with Dr Graves (31642), Schalliol
(6B052), or Suitor (8412)
Mctollurgical Engineers A^ME smoker will be held Wednesday May 27, at 8 p m. in the West Faculty lounge of the Union. All Interested students are invited
—SCHALLIOL
To All Students Will the person who took the address book from Room 20& Heavilon Hall please loturn it This boolc has no commercial value ^
—OSBORN
Military Students First Novice Pistol Group instruction starts Tuesday June 2 Students may sign up in the supply room immediately The fee for this group n^ill be fifty cents which may^be deducted from mililarv deposits —BROWN Alpha Clii Omega Radio dance Saturday May Z6 from 8 p hi until 12 pm it the chaptci house —SCHUTT POMM Pol mill pledging Monday May 2r at 1 1) p m MV the armory Actives vNcu wiiiUi uniform blousis and 0 D
imls nlclvcs win .ents
YWt A anel WAA Joint calnnit mcetine Iiil\> M IV 22 al 4 P m in the WAA ollitt 111 llu Wi III n h Mtmoiial Gym
—PL rCRSON
Junior Military bludents* If you wish t( Lit! the inr mm llowttzei Seiiiail comlietition Itl the summer teim turn in tha lo Ur ol youi nun seiuael bv noon May JO, lo It R I VanleifonI at the. aimory Ristti will coii-.ist of two juniors aiiei nine sepl, moi s —VANUCUrOllD Skull anel Crescent There will be a meeting oi Skull mill Ciescent Weelneselay May 2S al 7 p ni at the Union Room to be announieel latii ^ —KINO
Classified Ads Typewriters—Adding Machines all midia lold rented lepaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 606 lVlaiii» I afayette Phone 2779 NgW under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iversitv Book Store
Across From Union Red Sammons 29 * Doc Fpple *40
Wedding
ot Josephine Ruth Jackson oi I al ive He v\ is announceel by toi mci Govcinoi incl Mis Cel Jack son of Oilcans to Eehvaiei L C/en knsch ot lalavctle The wcddiiiR will take place in West I af lyettc next El idav May 29 Ml Cvcnknseh is the son of Mi and Mis L E C/cnkiisth of South Bend Miss Jackson attended Ilan ovei ColltRc and is a mcmbei of Phi Mu Soioiity Ml C/enkiiscli is a membei of Tiianele Ei ikinity at
the Univeisity
Pafroni/e Exponent jltlvoi tisers
Maiestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F. H.Speaker & Son Phone 4976 119 E State St
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, white, gieaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arnd has been awarded the Approval Seal of the American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabrics. Amd is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar todayl At all etorea Belling toilal jgaod. 39^ o jar jo^ ond 89)! Jor.)
Gel Your Senior Cords at PENNEY’S New shipment just received. J. C. Penney Co.
LAW SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT AND CASE METHOD FACULTY OF PRACTICING LAWYERS
For Catalog and booldet Studyof Ltjw and Proper Prepare Iron address Edward T Lee Dean
LAW Afternoon and Eve nmg 3'/2 years— 2 yearsColIege re quired for entrance POSTGRAD LAW Courses n PracI ce Evening—1 year PATENT LAW Evening—1 year Law degree or ad m ss on to Bar re qu red for Post Grad or Patent Low courses All courses lead to degrees PRE LEGAL COURSE Offers 2 yrs College NEW CLASSES FORM IN SEPT AND FEB
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, III.
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN'S • QUAUTYFOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE if ^ ^alqreen drug stores 410 Main Street
yon knovT tK« sfory of Aads “diclalor8liip”-«-tlio lesson is there for all to read: Schools and colleges closed—of tamed into breeding grounds for lies and hate. __ speeelr—>ver&oten/ Freedom ^ ehoose your friends—>verboten/ **. • . All you heed to learn i$ to obey!** Now they vrould attempt to put the yoke on uA—on you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis most be smashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. Yon may not be behind a gun today, but yon can help today to give o)ur soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for Victory. Put your dimes and dollars into fighting uniform now by hupng United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend it. You can start buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 cents. Start buying today—and keep it up!
Save . . . and Save America With U. S. Savings BONDS ^STAMP^ \