Purdue
z-m
Exponent
iM
Lafayette. Indiana
FRIDAY
May 19,1939
Vol.50
No. 186
Morgan To Play For Junior Prom Tonight Scott, Burns Lead Grand March At 12:30
Stage, Stump, Studio
... in the Morgan Manner” tonight as 650 couples dance a|; the 1939 Junior Prom. Morgan brings his band here from the Chez Paree, Chicago. He will play tomorrow night at the University of Missouri Junior Prom, his only other college prom of the year. Elect 1939-40 Officers Fraternity Presidents Inter-fraternity Presidents’ Council, last night, elected Bill Caterall, Pi Kappa Phi, president of the council for 1939-40. The meeting was held at the Kappa Sigma fraternity. Other officers elected were: John Vernon, Theta Chi, vice-president; Dick Seale, Kappa Sigma, secretary; and Jerry Grosh, Phi Kappa, treasurer.
Hold Banquet At Lodge Approximately 200 persons, representing debating, radio, and dramatics, attended the eighth annual Stage-Stump-Studio recognition banquet at Lincoln Lodge last night. This sets a' new high for attendance, the previous record being 150.
A board of control was set up to , make definite plans regarding the cooperative buying system that the council has been developing the past semester. The board Consists of Bill Breuer, Sigma Chi; Bob Viehe, ^ Phi Gamma Delta; Kenny Houston, Alpha Chi Rho, and John Cochrun, Phi Kappa Psi. The buying system, it is hoped, will be set up by next semester. The board will have three >1, faculty advisors, to be selected later. No Hall Rushing A motion was carried by the ^ council to abolish the rushing of "Cary Hall freshmen during rush week next fall. This was brought about by the rule, passed by the council last fall, which prevents the 1 pledging of Cary Hall freshmen the first semester. Cary Hall rushing will be done at a later date. j ' Buses May Replace , Trolleys In Future Lafayette Street Railway, Inc., has petitioned the Indiana Public Service Commission and city coun- ^ cils of Lafayette and West Lafayette for authority to make a changeover from trolley car to bus as soon as possible. It is hoped that the contracts for t latest-type buses can be awarded as soon as necessary franchise revisions have been approved by officials of the two cities and the state ^ commission has acted upon the petition for authority to operate buses. The company plans to keep in its ^ employ all persons now working, ' and to provide for the change-over in such a way that the present fivecent fare can be continued.
Dean Meyer...
. . . was elected president of the Riding Club at their election raeet- ^ ing last night. Tom Weldon was chosen vice president; Doris Sauvage, secretary; and Bill Ellsworth is the new treasurer. > NOTICE The University is fortunate in having several necessary buildings under construction. The contractors are cooperating by making every ^ effort to have these buildings ready for use at an early date. Complaints have been made to this office that students have been inter- ^ fering with the construction program by climbing the iron works and engaging in other dangerous practices around the buildings now being erected. The contractors have '' been notified to report to the poliee all such cases of trespassing. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Eight Men Granted Leave Of Absence For the Coming Year Eight membeis of the Purdue Faculty have been granted leave of absence for the coming academic year by the Board of Trustees, it was announced yesterday by President Edward C. Elliott. Seven of the men will take advanced study toward doctorate degrees, while Dr. R. E. Girton will journey to the University of Birmingham, England to study plant physiology under the direction of Professor Walter Stiles. Those who will continue advanced study during the coming year are: J. P. Biebel, horticulture at the University of Chicago; D. 0. Bowman, in economics and political science, at the University of Michigan; H. K. Carmichael, instructor in speech, at the University of Iowa; L. E. Davis, instructor in English, at Duke University; Carl Holtom, instructor in mathematics, and A. F. Messenger, instructor in economics, at Ohio State University. * j Potter Will Lecture Today On Letters Dean A. A. Potter will give the ninth of a series of lectures prepared especially for the class in GE 105, Distribution of Engineering Products, at 8 a. m. today in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. His subject will be “Letters and Letter Writing.” Speaking from long experience gained as administrator of the Ehgineering school. Dean Potter will stress particularly the writing of application and sales letters. The meeting is open to all students within the limitations of the class room.
Under the guidance of toastmaster Bob Sasser, varsity debater, the program began with the presentation of razz gifts to the faculty members present. The faculty retaliated with a few good-natured insults directed toward deserving members of the student group. Preceding the guest speaker, there were Several musical selections featuring a swing trio. Bob, Dick, and Russ, and a piano selection by Professor P. E. Lull. A recorded skit which included imitations of several well-known comedians was also included in the program. “How It’s Done” “How It’s Done” was the title of an inspiring speech by Geraldine Elliott, program director of station WJR, Detroit. Miss Elliott illustrated the valuable asset of dramatic experience, and emphasized the importance of self-confidence in the business world. Following Miss Elliott’s speech, part of the cast of the “Mikado” entertained the group
with songs from the performance. Presentation of awards brought the finale of the banquet. Besides the many keys and medals which were presented, three seniors, one from each line of activity, were awarded citations for the greatest contribution during four years of participation: Sam Marks, radio; Robert Sasser, debating; and Fred Ahrens, dramatics. The program was concluded with congratulations to everyone by Don Paarlberg. Playshop announced the schedule of plays for next year to be as follows: Brother Rat—October 25-28. Winterset—December 6-9. Mystery thriller to be announced later—March 6-19. Fresh Fields—May 7-11. The Laboratory Theatre, which presented a group of two plays this past semester, will present three plays next year on November 17, February 16, and April 5.
Skull and Crescent Camera Club Opens Initiates 34; Elects Photograph Display Officers At Banquet In the Union Today
Formal initiation of 34 new members to the Skull and Crescent, sophomore fraternity honorary, and election of officers was held last night in the mechanical engineering building. The pledges passed through rough initiation Thursday, May 11. The meeting in the ME building preceded a banquet in the reception room of the Memorial Union building at which the new officers were announced. “Pop” Doan was the principle speaker of the evening. Gordon Belles, Phi Kappa Psi, is the newly elected president. Jack Ely, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, was chosen vice president; -Walter Frank, Beta Theta Pi, secretary; Jim Chase, Sigma Phi Epsilon, treasurer; and Robert Gimlin, Delta Upsilon, sergeant at arms. Betty Elstun Given Honorable Mention
The annual exhibit of the Camera Club will open for inspection today in the Union. This year the contest was open to all students and there was also a division for the faculty, although the pictures in this group were not judged. The following photographs won prizes: amateur, “Grounded” by G. C. Foxworthy; advanced amateur, landscape division,, “Sylvan Serenity” by Bob Buckles; miscellaneous division, “Jake” by William Gephart; still life division, “Chiaroscuro” by Ron Creek; portrait division, “Portrait” by R. B. Koehler. Foxworthy was the only prize winner not a member of the Camera Club. “Sylvan Serenity,” photo by Bob Buckles, was entered in a national intercollegiate contest at Wisconsin University where it placed in the judging. Joe Mihal Appointed New Assistant Manager
In Fashion Contest Of Entarged Cary Haiis
Miss Betty Elstun, HE ’39, and a Kappa Alpha Theta, was notified yesterday that she has received honorable mention for her fashion research project in connection with the eight Fellowship Awards for jJq poaojgo ‘o^6T-686X Tobe-Coburn School for Fashion Careers in New York. Eitioft, Creek Leave For
Aiumnus and Senior Donate pjffjijurgii Convention
Equipment To EE School
Several valuable gifts, from L. B. Parsell, EE '19, and J. Rittenhouse, EE ’39, have been received by the electrical engineering school. Parsell donated two automatic electric light controls and a thrust motor while Rittenhouse, through the James R. Kearney Company of St. Louis, has given several standard switches and sub-station equipment.
President E. C. Elliott and Dr. H. L. Cteek, head of the English department, will leave today for Pittsburgh to attend a meeting of the committee on English of the Society for the Promotion of Engi-
neering Education.
Dr. Elliett is chairman and Dr. Creek is vice-chairman of the committee which is considering standards for English instruction in engineering schools of American col-
leges and universities.
Carolyn...
Atmosphere To The Southern Garden Scene Dancing within the rocky garden walls of a southern estate in the Union ballroom tonight, 650 couples will attend the 1939 Junior Prom. From 10 p. m. to 4 a. m., Russ Morgan, with his “Music In The Morgan Manner,” and Hal Lieber and his orchestra, in the ballroom and cafeteria, respectively, will provide the music for swinging couples. Upon entering the ballroom, dancers will appear to emerge from a stately old southern mansion, whose veranda with its gigantic pillars will decorate the entire south wall of the ballroom. The east and west sides will form the garden walls, while the north end will form a panorama of lakes and mountains.
In the center of the ballroom will be a running fountain illuminated by varicolored changing lights. A color organ situated near the orchestra will control the color of the lights playing on the fountain. Treble cleft notes will produce yellow light with various effects moving on down the scale to the bass which will produce red. The decorations were designed by
Dan Morganroth, CE ’40.
Grand March At 12:30
Prom Queen Caroline Scott and committee chairman Benny Bums will lead the grand march at 12:30 o’clock, and during the evening a special Prom edition of the Exponent will be distributed. Five o’clock hours have been ^ granted co-eds by WSGA; the ruling being that all co-eds must be at their place of residence at 5 a. m. If they are eating breakfast at another house they must be in by 5 o’clock, but if breakfast is being served at the co-eds’ house, their dates may stay until 6 o’clock. Coeds must have written permission from their parents to leave town.
WBAA On The Air
As a special feature for those who can not attend the Prom, WBAA will broadcast from the ballroom from 2 a. m. to 4 a. m. tomorrow morning. Hank Miller will be in charge of the broadcast. Fraternity booths have been arranged for and will be constructed in the Union lounge. The entire Union Building will be closed after
9 p. m.
There are still tickets for the Junior Prom remaining at the cashier’s office. Any junior or senior may purchase them before 4 o’clock this afternoon. They will be distributed first come first served.
Joe Mihal, co-captain of last year’s football team, has been named as assistant to G. O. Arbuckle, manager of Cary Halls, according to an announcement made last night. The appointment, which has become necessary because of the increase in the number of halls, will be effective July 1. 1939. Mihal, in addition to holding down the left tackle position on the varsity last fall, has distinguished himself as a student. In the second semester of the 1937-’38 term, Mihal won the coveted “distinguished”
rating.
President Elliott... . . . has accepted two invitations to deliver commencement addresses at Michigan State College and at the University of Wyoming at Laramie. He will speak at Laramie June 6, and at Lansing June 12, the day following the Purdue commence-
ment.
. . . Clarke, featured female vocalist, who will be heard tonight as Morgan furnishes music for prom
goers.
Gold Peppers Elect Mitchell President Margaret Mitchell was chosen president of Gold Peppers at the organization’s elections last Wednesday night in the Union Building. Thais Cirepps was elected vice-presi-dent; Ruth Hall, secretary, and Joy Johnson, treasurer. Movies of this year’s initiation banquet, which were taken by Bonnie House, were shown, and Gold Pepper paddles were given to the old members by the newly initiated
members.
Sigma Xi Will Initiate New Pledges Tonight Sigma Xi, honorary scientific fraternity for the stimulation of research, will initiate 73 new members tonight in the reception room of the Union. Of the new members, 18 will become actives, while 55 will become associates. The dinner, which will be served in the ballroom at 6:30, will be proceeded by a business meeting in the reception room at 6:30. The feature event of the program will be a lecture at 8 o’clock in the electrical engineering building to be given by Dr. A. H. Compton. Dr. Compton, Nobel Laureate and head of the Physics Department of the University of Chicago, will speak on “Cosmic Rays.” Dr. Comp-1 ton has the unusual ability to speak on a highly technical subject using simple, clear language. The lecture is open to the public.
NOTICE
The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 22, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
President.
Hank Frazee Named Gimlet President Hank Frazge, Sigma Nu, newly elected secretary-treasurer of SAA, was chosen president of Gimlet club last night at the Phi Delta Theta house. Vice-president for the year 193940 will be Earl Martin, Sigma Chi, new football manager. A. C. Perrin, Phi Delta Theta, was chosen as secretary-treasurer of the club. Robbins To Play At Post-Prom Dance “Cocky” Robbins and his Dixieland Band will provide the rhythm for the post-prom mixer in the Union ballroom tomorrow evening at 9 o’clock. Consisting of fourteen members, the orchestra originated at Indiana University and, after playing stands in Indiana and Michigan, received a twelve weeks’ contract to play at Estes Park, Colorado last summer, where it won much acclaim. The style of playing is similar to Artie Shaw’s, and the band features vocalist Arlene Owens, glee club singing, and many Hovel^ numbers.^dibfdoL
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
J’SeduMA,
Tonight Is The Night... . . . which the campus has been awaiting for months, that all-important date on the University social calendar . . . the 1939 Junior Prom. Red-letter day for juniors, second only to Graduation Day and Baccalaureate in the eyes of many departing seniors. Prom will see Purdue’s social life at its height. Purdue’s Prom is not “just another dance,” it has been a tradition since 1905. Some people judge a university by its advances in research and contributions to knowledge, others by its brand of football or basketball, and still others by the work of its graduates. Tonight, however, some people ... especially imports ... will be judging Purdue by the quality of its Prom. Whatever the basis may be for judging Purdue, the Prom committee has attempted to put on a good show tonight. We are pretty sure that Purdue’s visitors will be well pleased. Necessity of study is always with us, and many students spend much time in activities and athletics. Tonight everything else falls before the year’s social climax . . . Prom. It marks the end of months of planning by the committee, which has made the event itself a real “activity.” Educators have long acknowledged that social training and ability to mix well with people are just as much a part of scholastic training as personality development and practical knowledge. Prom is not only a big night for those seeking enjoyment, but is in itself an acknowledgement of this fact. Underclassmen—your day is yet to come. Finals are looming near, so you may as well study tonight. If you’re still up at 2 a. m., tune in on WBAA for the special Prom broadcast. If you can’t be at the Prom in person, perhaps you may be represented by your dress shirt or cuff links. Upperclassmen—forget your troubles, and really enjoy yourself at Purdue’s biggest social event of the year. When the trains, buses, and automobiles
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith
Editor-in-chief Business Manager
D. G. Terrio
G. W. Frederick ... E. M. Antonini
Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager
G. Schilling
Junior Staff
Editorial R. P. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple 3. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Bichards Co-ed M. Burtsiield G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J.
Henninger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
RBPRK0BNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAUO ’ BOITON ' Los ANaELES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue UniTersity. All win* ions in it, unless otherwise accredited, am student opiuions, and do not necessarily coincide with the oSlolal University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—McKee Issue Editor—Hupp Friday, May 19, 1939
come in today with their Prom imports, the post office will lose some week-end mail business, and the co-eds will lose some male business.
UoksLolihsL QampuA. What About Prom? Dear Sirs: I suppose the minority is always crabbing, but here is a legitimate objection. I think the Junior Prom Committee should be required to publish, for the knowledge of juniors and seniors, a complete list of expenditures for the Prom. Approximately $3,000 was received by the committee and even though they engaged a so-called top rank name band they didn’t need that amount of cash. The programs are disappointing, too. D. L. Fitting, Sci. ’40. Ed. Director’s Note: Prom Committee Chairman Benny Burns announced last night that a complete financial statement would be made for publication. A detailed balancesheet of Prom expenses and income appears annually in the “Report of the Auditor of Student Organizations,” which is available to all students for inspection. Any money not spent is given to the Student Loan Fund. Van Doren To Speak At Literary Banquet Pulitzer prize winner, Carl Van Doren, will deliver the principal address before the annual literary banquet in the Union ballroom, Wednesday evening. May 24. The literary banquet is held annually to honor the winners in the various literary contests on the campus. In addition to writing 1938’s prize winning biography, “Benjamin Franklin,” Van Doren has distinguished himself as a brilliant conversationalist and speaker. Van Doren is a graduate of the University of Illinois and received his Ph.D. degree from Columbia University in 1911. He has served in various capacities on literal y publications and taught for many years at Columbia U. R. C. Becker... . . . was elected president of AIME for the coming year at their meeting yesterday. Other officeis are BL D. Neptune, vice president; E. B. Underwood, secretary; and E. D. Verink, treasurer.
Eleventh Annual Air Show To Open With Model Plane Contest Opening the eleventh annual air show, sponsored jointly by the Purdue University Airport and Lafayette American Legion, will be a model airplane contest of all gaspowered and still-scale models. Merchandise and cash prizes will be awarded the winners of the various events. The program will begin Sunday morning at 8:30 and will continue until 4:30 in the afternoon. As a special feature to the regular program will be a five-ship formation by the 113th Observation Squadron of the Indiana National Guard, Stout Field, Indianapolis. “Cleve” Hyde, former Purdue student and glider enthusiast who appeared last year on the program at the National Glider Meet at Elmira, N. Y., will be on hand in a glider stunting exhibition. The model airplane contest will take up the morning program. The opening number of the afternoon program ^t 2:30 will feature pilots Bill Moose, Ed Leach, and Mike Murphy in Travelair Specials and a Waco Taperwing 330 H. P. Special in a display of aerial bombing. After individual stunts by pilots Moose, Leach, and Murphy, four pilots trained under the new Civil Aeronautics Authority flight training program will demonstrate their airmanship. The last stunt will be a bat wing parachute jump by Earl “Whitey” Stein.
WBAA
*nXK VOICK OP PUKDUK*'
11:00—^Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Snorts Review. Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—^Your World of Vision. " 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Charles Powell, pianist. 2:30—Lanterns of China, Elizabeth Crump Enders. 2:45—Melody Time. 3:00—Jefferson High School Progi'am. 3:30—Afternoon Music. 4:00—Poetry and Prose. 4:30—-Radio Club. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— WITH — THE GLEASONS —-•nd—•
WOFISTED yuSTICE.
• with ■ TOM TYLER
MaiII
TODAY-SATURDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS UNCLE SAM CRACKS DOWN SPIES! Alonewotpapriglca love—fc* j sweet vengewiopL.
ATTACK! One false clue means dishonor to his desperate master. A great dog trails murder mystery I.
These days might well be called the “Dog Days” . . . we’ve seen a few dogs in class more than some students we know.
“Take your Prom date to Saturday’s 8 o’clock and join the sleepless Prepare for Finals Club” ... motto of the really studious.
In 1934 it was “Will You Miss Me ?” played by Hal Kemp’s orchestra that was the Junior Prom’s theme song. In 1935 it was Kay Kyser. In 1936 it was the swing tunes of Benny Goodman, his clarinet and his musicians that held sway. In 1937 Don Bestor was the Prom maestro. Then last year we danced goodnight to the theme song “My Buddy” played by Buddy Rogers and his Hollywood band. And at the Summer Prom it was Fletcher Henderson. —H & H— Tonight in the ballroom dancers will be guided by the movements of Russ Morgan’s baton. The Prom’s by-word will be “Music In the Morgan Manner.” Trains and autos will bring many visitors to our fair campus once again as the “girls from home” transport themselves here for the business of being imports. —H & H— But campus co-eds will not be forgotten when the roll is called at tonight’s gathering. Girls dressed in organdy, cotton and net; girls in white, pink or blue; blonde girls, brunettes, brownettes — you’ll see them all tonight accompanied by the white-coated, potential engineers at the Prom. Chauncy House... . . . announces the election of the following officers for next year: L. Robert Melser, president; Paul Smith, treasurer; Lenard Hauerkamp, house manager; Victor Mattingley, kitchen manager; Lytle Small, purchasing agent; Bob Troyer, athletic managei; and Merrill Brunk, S. C. A. Board lepresentative. Graduates of 72 medical schools are on the staff of the Louisiana State University medical school.
umA TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
■— Plus TWO GUN THRILLS! Eastern Gangland Rides the Western Trail! BOB LIVINGSTON RAY CORRIGAN MAX TERHUNE — IN — "Call l-he Mesquif-eers
30c to 6:00 then 10-30-35c
imamu TODAY-SATURDAY
MAUREEN HENRY O’SULLIVAN • FONDA RALPH BELLAMY -—EXTRA — COLOR CARTOON
‘We’re stopped cold, Chief—he says he ain’t even gonna dignify our accusation with a deniall”
Tonight is the night! The night that gets the biggest build-up, and may give you the greatest let-down. The night the freshman girls have heard of since last September. The night the juniors struggled to get a junior rating to enjoy. The night the seniors call their “final fling.” It is the transition between the year’s social life and those weird things called finals; it is the night for new clothes, new loves, new plans. It is our Junior Prom! > —H & H— The lone figure of a lady garbed in flying togs, a fearless lady silhouetted against a blue sky—this IS the impression the observer gets from the unusual picture of Miss Amelia Earhart which was presented by President Elliott to the girls in South Residence Hall on Wednesday night. The painting, which was done by a Norwegian artist, was given to the University by the
aviatrix’s husband, George Palmer Putnam. This picture shows Miss Earthart as she was so often seen around the hall during her stay here on the campus. —H & H— One fine thing about this five o’clock business ... You can tell your date good morning instead of good night. There should be a difference.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
FREE! Take this advertisement to The Exponent Office in the Union and receive a generous trial bottle containing one of Peggy Sage's Newest Shades. THE SUPPLY IS LIMITED!
ONE DAY ONLY SATURDAY
4 STAG^ SHOWS AT 2:30 - 5:00 - 7:30 - 10:00 Last Complete Show at 10:00
- ON OUR STAGE -
NOTICE . . . DOORS OPEN AT 12:30 Due to the immense size of this production we are forced to delay opening of theatre for one hour. Not since the famous Marcus Show has Lafayette been privileged to see such an outstanding presentation
— Last Times Today — "Back Door to Heaven' — with — WALLACE FORD PATRICIA ELLIS
Two Camera Daredevils on the Loose RIP-ROARING ACTION! PLENTY OF LAUGHS! RED BLOODED THRILLS! "CHASING DANGER" — with — Preston Foster-Lynn Bari-Wally Vernon
f i
i ,
>1 *Frida(|. May 19, 1939
THE PUBDUE
»• \
Purdue Nine Faces lllini At Champaign Today
Big Ten Outdoor Meet Opens At Ann Arbor Today With more than one hundred athletes from the Big Ten schools participating in the trials, the 39th Western Conference Track and Field Championships will begin today at Ferry Field in Ann Arbor, Mich. Each conference squad will be fighting to dethrone the Wolverines, defending champs;
Boilermaker hopes are high for a spot in the coveted first division. Last year the Purdue squad scored 11 points but had to be content with seventh place. This year’s aggre-
TRY THE WORLD-FAMOUS Peggy Sage manicure
® Discriminafing women throughout the world appreciate the smartness and wearing qualities of Peggy Sage Polish. Let us bring out the hidden beauty of your hands! If your nails have a tendency to split and break, enjoy your first Peggy Sage Manicure today!
LOEB & H C NE COMPANY
gation has excellent all-around strength, as was definitely shown in the Boilermaker Victory at the Memphis Cotton Carnival. Bodeau To Run Led by Captain Art Bodeau, who is expected to make a strong bid for the half-mile title despite the (handicap of a spiked foot, and the four Cotton Carnival blue ribbon winners, the Riveter squad of twelve men arrived in Ann Arbor last night. Ed Holderman, who turned in a 4:16.9 mile at Memphis last Saturday, ranks high among the contenders for the mile title. Red Shackleton, who won the 440 in 50 seconds flat and has turned in better performances a number> of times, will team up with Boilermakers • Fisher, Luther, and Simmons to represent Purdue in the quarter mile and mile relay events. Steve Gutting, ace Riveter hurdler who set a new unofficial Purdjie record of 14.6 in the 120-yard high hurdles Saturday, will be the lone Boilermaker entry in his specialty. Jake Weber will lead the Purdue field entries as he strives for a place in the shot put. Weber and Chet Kessler will en-
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and T^es from DEWENTER’S
"Wilmer! Speak to me!" O NE HOT day last week, poor Wilmer melted completely away — leaving only a small unimposing puddle. It’s a pity—because if he’d been wearing one of the new delightfully cool. Arrow summer shifts, he might still be with us. As cool as a peach basket. Arrow summer shirts have a two-way no-draft air conditioning system. They have the famoU|S Arrow collar-^Mitoga shaped fit—and they’re Sanforized Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than i%), a new shirt if one ever shrinks out of fit. Bum a path to your Arrow dealer today and pick up a summer’s supply of these cool shirts in white or fancy. $2 up.
ARROW SHIRTS
Captain
^ioUoh'A ChDAXJL By Robert J. Deckard
Art Bodeau to run in half-mile race at Ann Arbor despite injured foot. ter the shot put trials while Gutting is running the 120 high hurdles at 3 p. m. today. At 3:30 Shackleton, Fisher, Simmons, and Luther will be running in the quarter mile. Gutting will return to competition in the 220 yard low hurdles at 4 o’clock. Bodeau and Gaulke will run in the half mile trials at 4:30 to wind up the Purdue participation for the day.
It takes a Dante to paint a perfect Hell . . . but following the recent Greek track meet it was evident that a mere bunch of campus fraternity track athletes could make a “perfect hell” for some of the outstanding contemporary college thinlies . . . Just lift an optic brow and glance over the records of these “hell-makers.” —^fc— Lambda Chi Alpha’s Dave Rankin is a good example . . . the towheaded sophomore clocked the century Tuesday in ten seconds flat, which itself is fast enough to give any aspiring dash-man an inferior complex ... the normal time for the average college trackster is just above 10 seconds . . . another stunt of Dave’s was to top the hurdles in a mere :15.3, which is definitely another feather in his cocked hat. —^fc— Delt’s Paul Anthony was not to be outdone . . . the freshie, who will be eligible for varsity competition next year, toured the 440-yard dash in :51.7, which is fast enough to break the tape in anybody’s conference . .. well, perhaps with a little more intensive practice and competition. —^fc— Perhaps the most heroic', event of the meet was the running of C. T. Arnold, Kappa Delta Rho, in the two-mile race . . . the Lambda Chi’s time of 12 minutes was compara-
Bailey Seeks Fifth Conference Win As Riveters Try To Hold Big Ten Lead Determined to get back on the victory trail after successive defeats at the hands of Ohio State and Notre Dame, eighteen Boilermakers left this morning for Champaign where they will face the University of Illinois this afternoon in the first game of a crucial week end series.
WAA News
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FUSE JEWEERY AT RODERATE PRICES
Sweetheart' Bowling The sweetheart bowling tourney was won last night by Eleanor Smith and Howard Knaus with a total score of 921 points .for three games. Runners-up were Mary Louise Riley and Jack Gaik, and Ruth Hauptli and Charles Fuller. A two pound box of candy was awarded to"^he winners. MIXED SWIM A mixed swim is being sponsored by WAA tonight in the Women’s Gymnasium pool from 7:30 to 9:00 o’clock. Co-eds may come to the swim without dates, but men are required to bring their own dates. A fee of 10 cents will be charged men. Co-eds may. swim free of charge. Miss Marjorie Case, member of the Physical Education staff, will be in charge of the pool. The president of the University of Tennessee pharmacy school senior class is a freshman at Memphis State Teachers College. lively slow but he made the entire distance in his stocking feet, winning third place.
Deadlocked with Iowa for first place in the Big Ten standings, the Riveters hope to pull away from the Ilawkeye.s who are playing two games this week end with Northv/estern. The Wildcats are also in the thick of the pennant fight, holding third place with a record of six wins and three losses. Thompson Hurt A wrist injury may keep Captain Jimmy Thompson, regular shortstop, on the bench against Illinois. Veteran Sammy Lyboult will probably be called upon to fill Thompson’s post. Bob Bailey, sophomore righthander, will be Fehring’s choice for starting hurler in the game this afternoon. Bailey has won all four of his Big Ten starts to date, however, while performing relief duties against Ohio State, a ninth inning single gave him defeat number one. Dick Wargo, originally scheduled for the starting assignment in the second game, is troubled with a sore arm, and John Emmert may get the nod. Members of the squad who left for Champaign this morning are as follows: catchers. Art Bredewater, Fisher; infielders, Mackiewicz, Lyboult, Hearne, Thompson, Smithson; outfielders, Dean, Dickinson, Stamm, Vernon, Yeager; pitchers, Bailey, Arnold Bredewater, Emmert, Doan, Wargo, Warner.
IN THE PALM OF A HAND TIPPED WITH
• Go off this weel-end with fingertips to dazzle a dozen Romeos! Enjoy the luxury of an expert professional manicure at your favorite beauty shop . . . topped off with one of Peggy Sage's new "Sentimental Trio" of flattering fingertip accents ... Goldrush ... Heartbreak . . . Nosegay. Or ask for these subtle-siren colors at better toiletries counters . . . They're straight from Peggy Sage's exclusive salons in New York, London and Paris. 'TAe po/isA ihaf wean like iron."
Did You ever Study Mary^s “Line^^?
to find out just WHY it is that she is always so outstanding from aU the rest of the girls! WHY! It’s feasy to see! It’s the Spic-Span-ness of her entire ensemble. No dirty spots on her clothesi Always in perfect press! No run-over shoe heels!
SHE’S WISE She has the Ainerican take care of
her “Line”.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
GULLION’S
LOUNGING COMFORT Summertime is lolling time—and there's nothing gremder than a soft cool looking sport shirt and comfortable, washable slacks to add smentness to your lounging. We hove many styles of smart, long wearing sportswear at reasonable prices.
•1 fl3kad, Odiu
THE FUm>UE EXPONENT
Entire A ■
Friday, May 19, 1939 Q
>■''.
Activities Bureau Will Train Workers To Interview New Frosh Fi'eshmen and sophomores who wish to interview freshmen next year should repoi't to Betty Jane Darr today at 4 o’clock in the Activities Bureau office. Plans for interviewing and for training school for interviewers will be discussed. The training school will be held Tuesday and Thxirsday of next week. May 23 and 25; Betty Jane Darr in charge. Interviewing will begin next fall at registration and will continue for a month after school begins. ' Juniors who do interviewing will receive an honorary junior position on the brnreau and a key at the end of the year. Intramural Schedule
TENNIS Today' 4:15 p. m. Class “A” Doubles Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Chi or Theta Xi. Final. S. A. E. or Kappa Delta Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha or Phi Eappft SiffBMU Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Ai or Delta Chi. Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu or T. E. P. Freshmen R. S. Howe vs. Klein or Hindman. C. M. Murray vs. Davidson or Roland. Allen or Waddington vs. Lucht or Kurschner. Pruitt vs. Molinet or Barlow. S. J. Murphy vs. Deutman or Yeagley. R. M. Clark vs. Keilman or Leininger. P. H. Nolfke vs. C. Shedrick. F. J. Wood vs. H. Payne. Murphy vs. Leininger. D. L. Mann vs. O. W. Brackraan. R. E. Lucht vs. L. C. Spencer. Klein vs. Murray.
BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi or Theta Chi. 2— Theta Xi vs. Delta Tau Delta or Phi Pi Phi. 8— Ward 5 vs. Cary Hall 9 or Cary Hall 3. 9— Ward 7 or lOX vs. Cary Hall 10 or Ward IX. 10—Ward 2A vs. Cary HaS 5 or Cary Hall 6. Science Convention StartsAtSp. m. Today At Dinner In the Union Registration for the annual Indiana Academy of Social Science Convention begins this afternoon at 3 o’clock. The Wagner Labor Relations Act will be discussed in the general meeting to be held in room 201 of the education building at 4 o’clock. Dean W. H. Spencer of the school of business, University of Chicago, will speak on law and labor at the dinner in the Union at 6:30. Various section meetings will be held tomorrow morning to complete the program.
Here^s Distance Here^s Dyrnbilily
O O O cs ’cyo<ooo ^(JOOOOO o \v^ ..ooootOifvoooooi ” booo^l9*o"6oooo| • 0 0 0 0 OOOf , fcVOOOOOOOiy ^<^000002^
SPALDING TOP-FLITE A'famous high powered ball with an extra dividend in toughness, thanks to its Vulcanized Cover made under the Geer Patent. 75e _ jl" • ooq; • oo^c\ lOOOOOOC, lOOOOO(7A" >oooo^ »««> •** .. 7 '* '^NEEDLED" KRO-FLITE The tough ball of golf with a Geer Patented Vulcanized Cover that is a glutton for punishment. And in addition it’s noted for its remarkable distance. 75c Other Spalding Golf Balls PAR.PLITE. With a tough Vulcanized Cover. Each, 50c OLYMPia Each, 35c iWITCH. Each,*5e
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St
Phone 6477
Alpha Zela...
. . . national agricultural honorary, held their annual elections last night and made plans for the coming year. Officers elected wei’e: V. T. Hitchcock, president; D. Paarlber, vice president; R. L. Hamilton, secretary; M. A. Brunk, treasurer; L. J. Haverkamp, historian; and G. Sample, Dr. E. L. Butz, and Prof. J. H. Hilton, faculty advisors. BIG TEN GAMES Today Minnesota at Michigan Northwestern at Iowa Chicago at Wisconsin Ohio State at Indiana Purdue at Illinois Tomorrow Northwestern at Iowa Chicago at Wisconsin Ohio State at Indiana Purdue at Illinois
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. —STONE.
Wesley Foundation: All members and Methodist students are invited to a steak dinner Friday evening. May 19, at Battle Ground. LeaVe the Foundation at 4:16 by car. Tickets are 26 cents and admission ' is free to those who bring cars. —HOOVER.
Independent Athletes t Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in bis points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
Activities Bureau Workers: All freshmen and sophomores who want to interview freshmen for the Bureau next fall report to Betty Jane Darr in the Bureau office at 4 p. m. Friday, May 19. Juniors who do interviewing will receive an honorary junior position on the Bureau and a key nictures and di^ not sign up call Hobhs ht 6779. (5-21) —HOBBS. Mikado Cast: Pictures are now available in Miss Mill’s office. All those who desire at the end of the year. —BRBUER.
WAA Baseball: Games at 4 p. m.. Ward 1 and 3 vs. Chi Omegas and Alpha Xi vs. Pi Phi. Class baseball practices Friday, May 19, and Monday, May 22. One practice is required. —COOK.
Union Sophomores: Petitions for vicepresidential positions on Purdue Student Union Board for 1939-40 must be turned in to senior office by 12 p. m. Saturday, May 20. Petition blanks are available in senior Union office. Interview schedule will be posted shortly afterward. —CABONARGI.
Summer School Students; Students who are planning on attending summer school should secure the necessary forms from the Director of Admissions’ office at once. By filling out these forms and returning them now much time can be saved June 16. (5-26) —DAMMON. Mixed Swim; There will be a mixed swim Friday night. May 19, from 7 :30 to 9 p. m. Co-eds will be admitted free; ten cents charge for men. —CASS.
Musical Organizations: Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall, now for department banquet to be held May 26th. —STEWART.
If You Want a Real
Exponent EdWorial Staff: There will be a meeting of all freshmen, sophomore, junior, and senior members of the sports, co-ed, and editorial staffs in room E of the Union Saturday, May 20, at 1 p. m. —mSLEY.
WAA Tennis: These matches must be played by Saturday, May 20: Intramural
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED—Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write to the Purdue Exponent, Circulation Department, P. O. Box 225,' Lafayette, and include your present phone number.
COLD DRINK Try Ours
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
SIX ROOMS—Half of double. Highland Park, 803 Central avenue, east side. Vacant June 1st. Phone P. M. Allen, 2150.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main SL
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Tuxedo, size 38. Good condition. Very reasonable. Call 75721 and ask for Burger.
FOR SALE—1936 Pontiac coupe in excellent condition. Phone 7791. State and Main, West Lafayette.
Exponent Editorial Freshmen: All editorial staff freshmen are requested to have their examination schcedules in my 'box by Friday night. May 19. —FRED.
Exponent Business Staff: There will be a short meeting in the business office at 4 p. m. Friday, May 19. It is imperative that we have perfect attendance. —SMITH.
FRENCH DOUGHNUTS
Doughnuts so good you'll wish they didn't have a hole — so you could have just one more delicious mouthful. They're light, tasty and crusty. Good? They're terrific! Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
No Prom
Worries
For Me
I'm going to have a good time. And that means no riding worries. Step into a smart looking new car and be driven right to the door of the Union. And after the Prom, in the early hours of the morning, a dependable Yellow Cab will be waiting at the west entrance.
YELLOW CAB CO
tournament—^Heiser and Harrison vs. Kirkhoft and Pidgeon; McKnight and Reimann vs. Shake and Davison; Ward and Morris vs. Mather and Schilling. —MATHER.
WAA Baseball: Class baseball practices Friday, May 19, and Monday, May 22. One practice is required. —COOK.
room: electrical engineers to room 264 E. E. Building; hiechanical engineers fo room 129 E. E. Building; those taking public service engineering or engineering law report to conference room, ground floor. Executive Building. —KNAPP.
Freshman Engineers: Report for lectures Saturday, May 20, at 8 a. m. according to schools chosen for the next year as follows : chemical and metallurgical engineers to lecture ro6m, Michael Golden Shops; civil engineers to 0. E., lecture
Presbyterian and Episcopal Students: Joint picnic at Tecumseh Camp Sunday. May 20. Meet at 129 Sheetz at 3 p. m. ■ —LYLES.
Tau Beta Pi: All members who were initiated last fall and who have not received their certificates may get them from me at 162 North Grant. (6-21) —DUFFEY.
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S • QUAUTY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^olgreen drug stores 410 Main Street
»»
WEST SIDE Offers Sensational, Brilliant, Beautiful
Here is dry cleaning that sparkles with perfection' cleaning that makes your‘ garments gorgeously new and lovely — k^eps them new longer.
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
the Purdue Eicponent
Service
Directory •wip
• Booksferet
e Professional
"DIAC" Everylhlno ter a Colf«o« Education H. G. REISNIR
The Riik Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—OJIJ. SchuHz ■uHdbw 4h and Main nwne 9701
• Shoe Repair
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ava.
BOSSUNG Shoo Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT.SHOF
e Florists
• lewelert
LYLE E. FISHBR WATCHMAKER Thie to aM we de, but we d» It waH. Oppealta Peat OfRee Wallace Black 322 Fwrr 5t.
ROTH FLORIST 635 AAaIn Street Phones 7955—8050
e PI^Golf
R. J. BATH" Watchnaaker 605 Main St.
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS Studenta. employees of the University, and n^embers of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Union Building and at the Fieldhouse at Special University Prices.