I
S V st
If \ ^ ,
< f
I J 1?.
driTc
urdue TSxaamnt
Piriblii^hed DaUy by Students of Piirdue University
VOLUJJIE XLvni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1936
KOMflEB 15
400 Indiana
Poultrymen Attend Meet
Today’s Session Will Conclude Three n Day Conference
An oVer-flow crowd of more than 400 Indiana phtdtry raisers attended yesterday’s session of the annual meeting of the State Poultry Association, being held at the University this week. Today’s session will be devdted to turkey raising problems with several out of state authorities scheduled to speak. Today’s program concludes the meeting. The annual banquet of the state association was held last night. L. E. Archbold, Adams county agricultural a^nt, acted as toastmaster,
TODAY’S PROGRAM
9:00- 9:30 a. m.—^Registration. 9:30-10:16 a, m.—^The Turkey Situation for this Pall. M. C. Small. 10:15-11:15 a. m.—^Making Money With Turkeys. Dr. A. W. Bill-
ings.
11:15-12:00 noon—Getting Better Hatches from Turkey Eggs H. * A. Bittenbender. 1*15- 2:00 p.m.—Marketing Indiana’s Turkey Crop. Wm. Kohlmeyer. 2:00- 3:00p.m.—^Demonstration of Selecting, Killing, Dressing Turkeys.
and the Rev. George Winfrey, of Windfall, delivered the principal address of the evening. AftemwM’Bessum At yesterday afternoon’s session, last year’s officers were reelected and Mr. LeRoy Jones, of Lafayette, was elected to the board of directors. During the meeting, a resolution was passed to the effect that the association favored the establishment of a poultry bureau in the U. S. department of agriculture. Afternoon speakers included E. R. Menefee, C. W. Carrick, Dr. E. C. Young, all of the University, and Dr. W. A. Billings, of the University of Minnesota. Harry Fittings, of the Fittings Hatchery Company, of Lafayette, presided during the meeting. A program to help poultry raisers in preventing losses through thefts was outlined by K. Culbert, of the National Tattooing and Registering Association. Sanitation, uniformity of light, ventilation and other problems that the poultry raisers are confronted with were discussed in yesterday’s session.
Joe McCartney
Dolphin Club Dance Tonight From 9-12 Joe McCartney’s 12 Piece Radio Band Will Play In Union Building Joe McCartney and his twelve piece orchestra from DePauw will play m the Union ballroom tonight from 9 till 12, for the Friday night dance which is being sponsored by the Dolphin club. The Dolphin club, composed of varsity and other University swim mers, plans to use the proceeds of the dance for out-of-town trips for the team this winter. Tickets may be purchased ^ the Union desk or from club members. The legular mixer price of one dollar pei couple will be in effect. McCartney ahd his boys have returned to DePauw after two years of professional playing. They were featured over the Mutual Broadcasting System, playing from the Hotel Netherland Plaza in Cincinnati. The band was then known as Johnny Courtney’s. All their* thjtes are specially arranged, McCartney being fortunate in having two swing arrangers and two sweet arrangers in the organization. Pat Haywood, who was with Oival Wray’s band here at Purdue last year, is with McCartney and is featured as the singing, swinging guitarist.
M. Compton Named SAE Head For Year
At Initial Meeting
Playshop Tickets On Sale In Union
“Ladies Of The Jury”, “The Hairy Ape” Among Plays Chosen For This Year
Playshop season tickets may be secured at the Playshop box in the lobby of the Unioti Building any evenihg from 4 until 6 o’clock, and may be re’Served on Monday at 4 o’clock or any day thereafter. An interesting series of plays has been planned for this year. The season op^s with “Ladies of the Jury” on October 8 and 10, followed by “The Hairy Ape” on Dad’s Day, a political story entitled “Both Your Houses”, and “Martins” on Mother’s Day. General ticket sales for 'TLadies of the Jury” will begin at 4 o’clock Tuesday in the lobby of the Unioh Building.
ChBss Club Will Meet At 7 O’clock Tonight
The Chess club will hold a short meeting tonight at 7 o’clock for the purpose of organization and to set the date for a tournament to select a, varsity team. The first game of the club will be held with Indiana University on the morning ef the Indiana-Purdue encounter. All those interested in the club are requested to be present.
M. E. Compton was elected chairman of the Society of Automotive Engineers yesterday at the year’s initial meeting and L. G. Kreiser and L. B. Bornhauser were elected vice chaiiman and secretary-treasurer, respectively. The following men were taken into the club at yestei'day’s meeting: L. B. Bornhauser, B. O. Chastain, T. J. Herrick, D. L. Housekeeper, G. W. Jackson, J. A. K^ny, C. J. Knerr, L. G. Kreiser,'K. A. Son ell, H. B. Stone, E. M. Warren, J. W. Wylde and E. C. Yokel. Members of the group will attend a joint meeting of the A. S. M. E. and S. A. E. in Indianapolis next Thursday, where W. B. Stout is scheduled to speak. Stout is then scheduled to address a joint meeting of the A. S. M. E. and S. A. E. on the University campus Friday, October 9. Plans for the year also include several inspection trips to various industrial plants in the vicinity. The society also sponsors an auto show in the Mechanical Building later in the year. The society, which was startecT on the campus last spring as a student branch of the National Society of Automotive Engineers, extends an invitation to anyone interested in internal combustion engines to attend the meetings and take part in the group’s activities.
j^ambda Cbi Alpha
Lambda Chi Alpha announces 4:he additional pledging of J. E. Gaylord, Indianapolis.
W. L. Kmmedy, Ag. ’36, has accepted an assistantship in the agronomy department at Ohio State University. He will serve as a half-time graduate assistant. Kennedy was a specialist in j^lhnt breeding and genetics in the agi*onoihj^ department here.
AGP Writer Pictures
Washington In Summer
Finds Straw V^^es Worth LitUe; New Deal Agencies Suffer Personnel Cuts; NY A Grants
By Arnold Serwer.
(Associated CoUegiate Press Correqiondent) Washington, D. C.—(AGP)—^Notes At The End of a Wash-
ington Summei*...
During the hottest periods the young folks went in for tall, cool drinks during the week, and fled the city on week-ends. Usually they fled to Virginia Beach, Atlantic City, baches
along the Potomac in Tidewat-
er, Virginia, or on Chesapeake Bay. They came back hotter than ever, exhausted, and in no mood for the daily government grind. A small group, including the writer, went in for very tall drinks during the week, and on the weekends fied to the chill interiors of local movie houses, only emerging when the temperature dropped to 90 degrees and the asphalt returned to a solid state. We knew better than to leave the city. Scouts had told us that in hot weather the brass doorknobs of Atlantic City became just as mushy as they did in Washington. (Prevarication by courtesy of Mark Twain) ... Straw Votes Useless Despite the drought, there was a very good crop of straw votes that had to be threshed over by the sages of the Repubhcation national committee and the Democratic national committee. The sages proved to their own satisfaction that any given straw vote figure could be interpreted as a presage of defeat or a promise of victory. The writer, after interviewing three citizens in a local hotel, a street car conductor, and a stranger
on Pennsylvania Avenue, has come to the conclusion that the election is in the bag for Thomas Jefferson. Both Democrats and Republicans
were for him.... Personnel Cuts
Week after week, through the summer, the New Deal agencies cut down their staffs. A series of particularly severe cuts took place in the resettlement administration and the Works Progress Administration. Resettlement lopped off about a third of its nationwide staff, including about a thousand employees
here.
WPA out its Washington personnel by about one-sixth, releasing over 600 employees. Probably all of the emergency bureaus but one, will continue retrenchment until election and after. The exception is the Social Security Board, which is growing slowly as it takes on people from Civil Service lists. The department of labor will soon start building up a small staff to enforce the Walsh-Healy Bill, an act requiring union standards and work conditions in plants supplying materials to the government. Most of this staff, however, will be secured by borrowing personnel from other (Continued on page 4)
Rush Dinners
This Evening Series Of 4 Sorority Suppers Ends Sunday
Tonight will mark the third in a series of four dinners which are being given during formal sorority lushing. A Sunday night buffet supper at each house will conclude formal activities until the preference night dinner Thursday, October 8. Following preference night dinner, pledging services may be held any time after 7 p. m., October 9. Organized girls may see or call rushees any time during the day until 8:30 p. m. This has been planned for the convenience of sorority girls as well as for the benefit of rushees.
Wesley Foundation Wai Hold Supper
Wesley Foundation will hold their third annual men’s bean supper at the First M. E. church on Sunday, October 4, at 6*16 p. m. All Methodist men on the campus are invited to attend this supper. Rev. Joseph B. Gleason will speak on “Let Me Call You Sweetheart”.
The Wesley Foundation orchestra under the leadership of Miss Arsene Summers will furnish a mwsicjal program. Don Henry and Lome Doud are in charge of the supper, with upperclassmen acting as hosts at each table.
The co-eds will meet at the Foundation House for their supper and a discussion.
WBAA To Broadcast
First Weekly PIA Drama
Over 40 persons turned out for the registration for the cast of the weekly P. I. A. radio pl^y yesterday afternoon in the P. I. A, office. Annoutieers and cast will be chosen from* this group by G. D. Williaips, of the speech department. “The Joiners,” a satire on the club joining individual to be presented tomorrow afternoon, is the first iq a weekly series of radio dramas to be presented by the Independent Asspeiation, which will be broadcast each Snthrday afternoon atl p’clocfc over station WBAA.
Dean A. A. Potter Goes On Long Speaking Tour
Dean A. A. Potter, of the University schools of engineering, spent Monday and Tuesday in Cleveland, O., attending the prime movers’ committee meeting of the Edison Electric Institute. On Tuesday evening, Dean Potter spoke before the Purdue Alumni Association in Akron, Ohio.
In his official capacity as president of the American Engineering Council, Dean Potter will return to Cleveland on October 13 to speak before the Cleveland Engineering Society, and on October 15 he will journey to St. Louis, Mo., to speak before a similar group there.
Alpha Zeta Holds Bleception Tonight
Freshman Ags Will Be Honored; Nine Groups Cooperate With Prograrti
A reception for 362 freshmen in the school of agriculture will be held this evening in the livestock judging pavillion at 7:30 o’clock. The reception, which is sponsored by Alpha Zeta, general agriculture honorary, anff nine other societies, is held to give the freshmen a chance to get acquainted with the faculty and with each other.
Animal Husbandry Honorary Pledges 5 Men
Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry honorary fraternity, yesterday announced the pledging of five men; R. H. Douglas, H. D. Elijah, R. N. Gray, T. K. Parkinson, and R. D. Wilson. The pledging took place Wednesday at 4 p. ih. in the Judging Pavillion.
W. A. Hanlejr Offers $100 Speech Prize Engineering Students ^.^fill Compete By
Classes For Award
An award of $100 has been announced by William A. Hanley, M. E. ’ll, an official of the Eli Lilly Company, of Indianapolis, to encourage more effective speaking among engineering students. Professor P. E. Lull has arranged contests for each class in engineering, starting this month. The contests will be held as follows: freshman, October 27, in connection with the annual Beveridge Public Speaking contest; sophomore, November 18; junior, December 9; and senior, February 26.
Committee
Piizes will be awarded to the winners in each contest by a committee composed of Dean A. A. Potter, chairman. Prof. A. H. Monroe, and Mr. Hanley. The winner of the final contest Will receive a $50 prize while the person winning second place will receive $20. All speeches must relate to the field of economics.
Prosh Plan
Snake Dance
The evening’s program includes stunts and acts presented by the Forestry club. Animal Husbandry club. Horticulture Society, Dairy club. Entomology Society, Ceres, Hoof and Horn, Poultry club, and the Farm Management Group. 4-H leaders will be in charge of a few short competitive games, and Alpha Zeta, Dairy, and Forestry clubs will serve refreshments for the entire
group.
Co-eds Organize House— Theophilus Thirteen
Th6ophilus Thirteen is the name of a newly organized house at 202 Fowler Avenue. The first house meeting was held Wednesday evening nt which the following officers were elected: Marjorie Simson, president; Mary Louise Schafer, vice president; Dixie Gist, secretary; Mary M. Pell, treasurer; Maud Wilson, activities chairman; Mrs. Eckkdrt, housemother. The telephone number is 55614.
Skull And Crescent
Leads Meeting
About 200 members of the freshman class met in the ballroom of the Union Building last night and, under the direction of members of Skull and Crescent, formulated plans for the annual freshman par? ade and snake dance to be "held before the varsity-freshman tilt tomorrow afternoon. All freshmen are to me'et in front of Deac’s at 1:30 p. m. tomorrow. From there they will be led by the freshman members of the band through the campus to Stuart Field, where they will perform their snake dance and really become freshmen by throwing their pots over the crossbar of one of the goal posts. They will then retrieve thCir headgeai. There will be a meeting at a later date to organize the Green Potters formally. At that time the officers for the organization for the coming year will be chosen.
Group Bids Due For Sunday Programs
Fraternal groups or any other student organization wishing to participate in the Sunday supper programs in the Union cafeteria should see Lee Rieth at the Union by October 6. The programs will consist of short plays which are to be limited to thirty minnljes. The scenery for the plays will be furnished by the Union, but each group will be required to supply its own costumes. At the end of each semester a reward will be given to the group adjudged as having given the best program in view of the originality and presentation.
Register By Monday
Faculty members, students, and townspeople who are expecting to cast their vote in the coming presidential election but have not registered, should do so on or before Monday, October 6, Registration places are conveniently located thronghout the city and are open from 3 nu until 8:30 p. m.
Baker Heads Militaiy Bdtt Committee
Officers Will Set Dau» For First Campos Formal Of Year
With the appointment of ibt Military Ball committee for 1936, the University R. O. T. C. unit has begun plans for the season’s soda! functions. Senior Cadet Colonel G, W. Martin is an ex-Offido member of the committee and by custom the second rating cadet colonel, J. M. Baker, will be chairman. The remaining members are Cadet Lieutenant Colonel D. N. Wait, Cadet Major D. H. Farqnharson, Cadet Captain D. F. Mull and W. Scholar, Cadet First Lieutenants J. N. Newhall, L. D. Lowe, and F. H. Rogers, Band First Lieutenant C. P. Hall, Sadet First Sergeants W. C. Musham, P. S. Emrick, N. K. Reinhard and A. K. Fisher.
Meeting Today Meeting at 4 o’dock today in the cadet officers room of the Arm<^, the committee will begin its^ plans and decide the date on which the 1ball will be held. Each year the Military Ball, one of the outstanding events on the campus, is the first formal dance of the season. It is customary for everyone attending to wear formal evening dress except th(»e enroUed in advanced military courses, who wear uniforms.
Last year the ball was attended by 600 couples in the Memorial Union Bmlding which was decorated in a modern militaristic style. AH the lounges were available to the dancers and the music was amplified into all parts of the building.
BrofherOfDr.HaB
Dies After Operation
0(;is Hall, twin brother of Dr. Oakel F. Hall, head of the department of education of the University, died during an emergency operation at a Springfield, Mass., hospital Tuesday evening. Dr. Hall left by airplane from Indianapolis Wednesday morning to attend the funeral. Otis Hall was 67 years old and formerly lived in Crawfords ville.
University Fails To Get Siipreme Cdiirt Review
Failing to get a supreme court review of a reversal of a Tippecanoe circuit court decision made by the appelate court, the Univ^sity will have to undertake another court hearing in the circuit court in an effort to secure two daims against the state sinkmg fund. In the original decision, the University was granted two daims of $33,662.46 and $13,490.57, the amount lost when the Fowler Bank failed. The state sinking fund was organized to protect public funds op, dep<)sit in state banks, but the case depends on whether the money was deposited before or after the fund was established.
F AI R
By Tempy Exponent Weathex' Mouse
I sneaked into “Busting Lab’* yesterday afternoon to see what was doing. B^ore I knew it someono with big hands mistook my tail far a piece of wire. He jammed it into a stretching machino and began ap* plying pressure. My tail broke in hsdf so tbe weather praffiietion to-" morrow should he half nght. Itwijfl be fair. P. S.; Now I know why they call it “Busting Lab”. If you don’t bust them first, they’ll bust you.
REGISTRATION WORKERS
Students wbo workedi for ibe registrar during the Septemlmr registration way ol^iedp iludr checks by <a»UjGng at the regia-) trar’s dffiee. wSIONEL1f$m tm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 2.1936
I ? '•
f.
Have You Registered?
With only three daj^s remaining in which to register for voting in the approaching election, on November 3, perhaps we can clarify some suffrage eligibility questions concerning University students. "Am I eligible to vote at the polls m West Lafayette, or in Lafayette?” is probably the question most often asked, by students whose parents do not live in Tippecanoe county. The answer is, that if a student is single, and if by November 3 he will be 21 years of age, and will have lived in his precinct 30 days, in this County 60 days, and in the state six months, his voting eligibility depends entirely upon whether he chooses to call his present residence his home. The decision in that case is entirely up to him. \ If a student is married, in most caseb he has established his home here; if his wife is living elsewhere, he can scarcely maintain that his home is here. Most University sophomores, juniors, and seniors are eligible to vote in the precinct in which they now live, if they fill the age qualification. If a freshman posses the other suffrage requirements, and has been living at his present address since September 3, and therefore fills the residence qualification, he may also register for voting. A student who is duly registered at another residence is entitled to use the absent voter’s ballot. His interest in local elections, county, township, and precinct, should determine whether he will vote by this
method.
Students have been the object of considerable criticism because of their apathy toward elections. A large number of University students are eligible to vote, and the coming elections offers an opportunity for them to respond to this censure. The deadline for registration is Monday, October 5, and the county clerk here has announced that he will keep the office open until midnight on that day, if necessary.—R. P. M.
Readers^ Opinions The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable t length from its readers.
In Reply
To the Editor: I hesitate to oppose so eruidte a group as the editors and columnists of our Exponent must surely be. But friend Cadwallader Morris has expressed in Tuesday’s issues his amazement at his failure to stir up student comment about his columns. I believe I can enlighten him. It is obvious to me that the only integrable conclusion to be drawn from a daily reading of those columns is that Cadwallader has cornered the Purdue market on eternal verities. He has definitely established himself as the fountain-head of Purdue liberal opinion, from which will continue to bout forth ^uch a torment of striking Advanced Thoughts as to make the very existence of Moses’ rod and the compound HaO sources of infinite regret to all who are exposed to the splashing. Can Cadwallader wonder, then, why we children hesitate to sail our toy boats at the foot of such a Niagara of Ideas ? Even when Cadwallader does his best to put us at ease by talking baby-talk to us (“Once upon a time there was a school called Per-Dew, etc, etc, etc, etc, ad nauseum”) we are still painfully awed. In fact, if we were giraffes instead of just little boys and girls, the pain would be unbearable. In Terror, Trembling and Trepidation, Dick Latter.
Editor’s Note: Even though Mr. Latter has wrongly identified “Cadwallader”, his comment is so pierdng that I can do nothing but sit silent and grieve for the Exponent columnist who is exposed to such biting satire.
From A Legionnaire To the Editor: After reading the article in the Purdue Exponent of Sept. 28 signed by an associate editor, Mr. A. H. Forster, I cannot, as a Legionnaire, although a guest at the Union club, leave without first trsring to set the dear fellow right. In the first place I do not know whether our esteemed writer is a Legionnaire or a world war veteran, I think he is neither, and therefore cannot but give only his side of the picture, as he
^f)t $urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1837 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distnbntor of COLLEGIATE! DIGEST
Member of National CoUege Press Association, Bi« Ten Editorial Association EzclnsiTcly R^resented by National AdvertisinK Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indimia. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by sinxle copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Edltor-in-Chief „ _ _ „ W. T. Hunt Manaaing Elditor K H. Morris Associate Editors K A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
S^rts Editor Associate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF _ _ L. D. Wood _ _ W. H. Fifteld, S, R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager -R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager _ _L. H. Brown Lo^ Advertising Manager „ D. C. Miller Cinmla^n Mana^r - J. P. Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF Editor.. Helen Creech Advertising Manager— _ Betty Barnett Assi^te EdHoxs - Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
bsne Editor—D. E. Vance.
sees it, not knowing the work of the Legion. However, let me set the good writer on the right track by first advising if you don't know the whole story, don’t talk about it. Bringing up a question now that has been a headline, as he said, in June, and for years previous, does not savor of good editing. On the other hand the writer does not consider the action the Legion has taken with regard to the disabled, the widows and orphans, community service, junior baseball. Boy Scouting, child welfare and many other services too numerous to mention here and which the Legionnaire considers as his duty to community, state, and nation, .upholding our American Institutions. The Legion’s action combating the various ISMS prevalent in our country and institutions today, “Thank God this does not apply to Purdue,” is another example, I suppose, of “disregarding the welfare of his country,” and of course our stand for the past several years in connection with the increasing of the army, navy, marine and aviation corps, in order that this country be second to none in armaments, is in the same category. But the remark that is infamous is the inference regarding a pension, and I would suggest that the good writer, when reporting on a question so ticklish, look up the record first and shout when he knows what he is shouting about. I do not know if there were rumblings of a pension in committee, but even if there were you cannot, in an organization the size of the Legion, have every member for or against a proposition 100 per cent. His remarks are erroneous and misleading and therefore I cannot as a Legionnaire leave them unanswered. I attended all sessions of the Cleveland convention and heard nothing regarding a pension. Wm. A. Quirk, County Adjutant, The American Legion, Bugen County, N, J.
Editor’s Note: Many persons have held two things against the American Legion—prepayment of the bonus and red-baiting. The Legion may have believed that the bonus was most es^. sential now, but its excessively active lobbying work is unforgivable. Red-baiting is probably due only to the extreme zealousness of certain uninformed post oflicers, but nevertheless they are a blot on the record of the organization as a whole. The outspoken request for pensions may not have been made yet, but many who should know have said that such action is due in the near future. Then millions of Americans will have soinething else for which to criticize the veteran organizations. The Legion, however, has performed many useful and humanitarian services, and cannot be condemned from all angles.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in thi^ column. Such opinions are solely those of fA# writtf%
Neutral Newspapers In the heat of the present presidential campaign one of the most noticeable things is that most newspapers are taking one side or the other consistently in the arguments. As a medium of news transmission, newspapers are primarily supposed to present facts and only secondly to campaign for one thing or another. Is there any excuse for taking an active part in an attempt to influence public opinion ? Only a conditional answer can be given. Whenever a paper is convinced that, by taking an active part, it can help bring about a better state of affairs or swing public opinion against undesirable persons or things, it may be justified for doing so. Even if the thing is not so positive, a paper may be excused for taking sides if it limits its bias to its editorial columns. There is no excuse for coloring news at any time, although emphasis may be given to certain points in the case first described. Now to narrow the subject down to a political campaign. Ordinarily the party which gains power will bring about little change, so only editorial bias is acceptable. In the campaign now being conducted, some persons believe that it is imperative that the Democrats (or the Republicans) win. If there is evidence that crookedness or excessive waste is present, there IS an excuse for taking sides. But there is no reason, at least in 1936, for making unwarranted assertions or purposely distorting the news—as some people claim the Hearst papers are doing.
Rush
Because we are in the very midst of rush, it is quite difficult to enumerate accurately the good and bad points of the new system. There is no experiment on record that has been perfect on the first try. So far we have had nothing but praise for the rushing plan now being used by the sororities. That does not mean that there are no weaknesses in it. There are quite a few. In the first place, looking at the situation from the viewpoint of the sorority members, it means constant rushing from morning until 8:30 o’clock in the evening. The upperclass co-eds cannot start to study until after 8:30—and usually not then. On the other hand the freshman co-eds have rush in their minds constantly. They sit up late and discuss their favorites. Some of the girls going through rush had their minds made up before they ever came to school. Now they are trying hard to influence those who came down here with open minds. Many very desirable girls have not gone through rush, because, after much publicity about the large enrollment of new women students, they were afraid of not standing a chance. We do not mean to convey the idea that we are not in favor of the present system, but this is the time to observe it—^while it is in action. In order to approach perfection it must be criticized and revised.—J. R. J.
old & 1 ack -
SEA HORSE SHUFFLE TOmTEI We attempted to obtain passes to the Dolphin dance for the flsh of the campus. BOB STEWART, (local kingfish), when interviewed by yours screwly, stated emphatically “NO PASSES, this is strictly a money-raising dance to get the dolphins out of town (sounds like a good idea) and besides, for each and every co-ed, a fish exists.” Since we can’t get them comps we will attempt to appease them with publicity (something wrong with that statement): GUPPY HUGHES, who sits and sits waiting for a date with FRANKIE at the Sweetshop, only to have her turn up with four rushees; SAILFISH (3 sheets to the ) VAN NATTA, for reasons we can’t divulge; to the PIRATHONS, in general, for believing ALFA ZEE SHEWALTER can be true to twelve of them at once (she has dated twelve since the first of the year and proud of it). We received two last lines yesterday. Somehow we suspect the Betas of something, we are not sure of what, though. A young man drove out to the airport, ^ Intending to have some great sport When around swung the beam. And there stood the dean WHO SAID “BETAS ARE JUST OPTHATSORT?” . . . also this one: WHO SAW A BETA AND THETA IN COHORT. It happened at one of those parties in which the guests come dressed representing books. A well known spinster came wearing a large sign bearing the words “QUINTUPLETS.” The book was Sinclair Lewis’ “It Can’t Happen Here”. Last Week we mentioned WRH WOODCOCK’S long distance appeal to New York for a date with HIM. Well, she got the date plus sixteen specials, three telegrams and two long distance telephone calls—^in return. i REMEMIBER, tonight at four is the deadline for last lines!!
Scientists Consider “Court Of Wisdom^* Cambridge, Mass. — (ACP) — A “Court of Wisdom” that would meet each year to coordinate the intelligence of man into a unified “world mind” is now being considered by world scientists after the successful conference of arts and sciences held here to celebrate the tercenterary anniversary of the founding of Harvard College. The world can only be assured of a continuance of Western civilization only through the advice and guidance of the world intellectual leaders, acting as a permanent body and organized along the lines of the
Rosenthal’s
322 Main Street
You'll Like Our Store You'll Like Our Styles You'll Like Us Don't be timid. . . . Come in. . . . Look around. . . . Get acquainted. Suits . . . Topcoats Sweaters . . . Jackets Raincoats . . . Gloves Slacks . . . Hose Neckwear . . . Hats
RosenthaTs
322 Main Street
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Well—^you said I could make use of your library!”
Harvard conference, the leaders of the movement claim. They believe that the impetus provided this year by Harvard should not be allowed to die out, for they believe that the time has come for leaders to pool their collective wisdom in the interest of increasing the health, wealth and happiness of mankind.
Miss Burkle, ^28, Shoots Hundred Pound Deer Mrs. John Burkle, living at 121 University St., received the carcass of a young deer weighing one hundred pounds Tuesday, from her daughter. Miss Betty Burkle, ’28, of New York. The deer was shot by Miss Burkle while on a three weeks’ camping trip in Canada with eastern friends. Miss Burkle was a member of the women’s rifle team while attending the University.
Christian Foundation Wiener Roast Tonight Purdue Christian Foundation announced yesterday that it will sponsor a wiener roast, to be held this evening. Students desiring to attend should meet at the First Christian church, 6th and North Sts., Lafayette, at 6 p. m.
ARC TODAY - SATURDAY BUCK JONES in “SUNSET OF UOWER” and WM. BOYD in “Go and Get ’Em Haines” also “CLUTCHING HAND”
▼
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
New MAIN TODAY AND SATUHUAY $ Hundreds of Reasons A Why Yon Should Attend This Theatre Today ^
BIG DOUBLE FEATURE Ray Walker, Arline Judge in “MILLION DOLLAR BABY” Plus Second Feature “EASY MONEY” with Onslow Stevens, Kay Linaker
FAMILY TODAY - SATURDAY I DOUBLE feature! ^ns ALLEN ^UNKIfC ' RAnGER! *—and
DownThe^g^
PATRICIA ELLIS nCNMIC MOOBE
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY I DOUBLE FEATURE |
itoscoe lUns • Wm^InKynM OvKMM i — and —
HE JONES FAMILY.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
MARS
TODAY - SATURDAY
.lomiii
lOM
IlDSSEU. IDLES
CRAIB'B
V/IFE
— Plus —
NICK LUCAS AND HIS TROUBADOURS JEAN SARGENT in ‘Rush Hour Rhapsody’f /■ [-
fl X »■
^¥ ‘
I ^¥
^1S
fX f
!, { j *v ■ )' ' 1.
5(
f fv
|i^riday» Octobey 2,1936
THE TUKDtJE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Play For Homecoming Victory
Freshmen To Use Wisconsin Plays In Game With Varsity
Purdue’s varsity squad is pointing to the homecoming game with Wisconsin even in the frosh game tomorrow. All practices are directed towards one thing — winning the first Big Ten game of the season. The freshttian squad has been drilling on Badger plays to use in its tussle with the varsity. The unusually tough first year team has been giving the varsity real practices all season and will provide plenty of opposition from their side. Late Practice The varsity had a thorough workout last night for the first time since the Ohio University game last Saturday, as they have been rained out every night since'that time. Working until after dark, under fiood lights, the squad ^ade up for the practices missed by giving the drill plenty of zip. The game tomorrow, between the yearlings and the varsity, has been definitely scheduled to be played on Stuart Field instead of the Ross-Ade stadium as was formerly believed. The lineup of the varsity will be little changed from that of last Saturday’s game. The second team will be called upon to open the fireworks with the varsity stepping into the scene of battle later. \ The lineup for the frosh squad has boiled dowm and shaped out pretty well. Although almost the entire frosh squad will see action tomorrow, a few of the first year men will be given more of the spotlight than others. Linemen to be used on the frosh varsity will be Krause, Morningstar, Morrison, Francs, Verplank, Heckman, Bremmer, Britt, Martin, and Schreiver. DeWitt, Brock, Hennis and Vyverberg will be the backfield to represent the first team of the frosh. Ticket sales have been fairly satisfactory, The proceeds of the game will be used by Gimlet, athletic booster organization, for the furtherance of their activities.
Illinois U. Athletic Director Dies
George Huff, veteran athletic director at the University of Illinois, died in Urbana yesterday after a short illness from an abdominal ailment. Mr. Huff, who was 64, underwent an operation last Saturday. After several brief rallies and sinking spells his condition took a turn for the worse and he died in the morning. His wife and children were at his bedside at the time of death. He was associated with the university for 46 years and was appointed athletic director in 1901. He '■played on the first Illinois football team in 1890, and captained the baseball team in 1891 and 1893.
Nothing finer for your club meeting than our chocolate drink— served hot or cold.
Sunshine
Farms
Phone 5015
Badgers Fear Marquette Hold Litde Hope To
Reverse Last Year’s
Slaughter
Madison, Wis., Oct. 1—^With all spectators except newspapermen barred, Harry Stuhldreher is driving his Wisconsin football squad hard this week in preparation for a “last-ditch” stand against Frank Murray’s formidable Marquette machine here Saturday afternoon. Scrimmage was on the day’s order Tuesday, with the freshmen making their first appearance against the varsity and furnishing the opposition, both offensively and defensively. There are no illusions here regarding Saturday’s game. Everyone from Stuhldreher down to the lowliest “B” team substitute, knows that Wisconsin will be the underdog Saturday. Marquette ran over the Badgers a year ago, 33 to 0. Against the same powerful and polished Marquette backfield—one of the best in college football—^and a much improved line, Wisconsin has little to hope for except to hold the score to a respectable figure. Handicapped Stuhldreher is handicapped in many ways, not the least of which IS that this will be Marquette’s first game and nothing is known here as to the tactics the Hilltoppers will use. Admittedly one of the greatest forward passing teams in the country, Marquette spent much time on its running attack in spring practice and Frank Murray, a keen and original coach, is expected to cut loose a lot of new running plays which will undoubtedly bother the inexperienced Badgers more than a little. Even conceding this, however, it is the passing of Ray Buivid and the receiving of the Guepe twins, “Skippy” Mahon and Lee Muth that is most feared. Much of Wisconsin’s practice this week is therefore being devoted to pass defensj^ No radical changes are expected in the Wisconsin lineup Saturday.
Tiny Wolverine Gridder Breaks
Hotel Elevator
Ann Arbor, Mich., Sept. 28.— (AGP)—Charley Gray, of Lombard,
111., is the lightest man on the Michi-
gan grid squad. He gives his weight at 140 pounds, but he wouldn’t weigh that much soaking wet. His teammates, however, like to tell the story of how Charley’s weight made an elevator break loose from its moorings. The incident occurred in a Chicago hotel last fall as the team stopped over on its way to play the University of Illinois. The team had just arrived and a crowd of more than a dozen jammed into the first available elevator, including such stalwarts as Harry Wright, John Viergever, Mike Savage and Malt Patanelli, averaging something like 226 pounds between them. There was just rpom for little “Rabbit” to step on, and as he did the elevator broke loose and sent the whole load down before a safety catch checked it. Michigan fans who have watdied Charley in action with his rabbitlike running qualities, are hoping that some day he may get the chance that another featherweight. Red Wilson, got in 1929, when he ran a team of Minnesota giants ragged to account for a Wolverine victory.
Campus Suede Pants
(Gray Moleskin)
with slide rule pocket..
$3.98
Reliable Clothing
Co.
The first clething store across the levee
I ■fielder’s.... \* ....choice Ml By Bob Walpole
The White Sox, in their customary style, took the Cubs in the first of the Chicago City Series yesterday afternoon . . . the team in its home park is supposed to be stronger, but it didn’t work yesterday ... must be the exception that proves the rule ... —fo—
Rain in New York ... a break for Manager Bill Terry of the Giants . an extra day of rest is to his advantage because of one Carl Hubbell . . . now perhaps Hubbell will duplicate his pitching task in his second game against the Yanks, and mess up our predictions ...
—fc—
Have you secured your ticket for either the Wisconsin or Indiana game ? ? ? ... well, you had better if you want one . . . the good seats are going fast, and the way ticket sales look to date, there will be a sell out in both games ... —^fc—
The Ward branch of the intramural department is interested in helping all unorganized students who have a desire to participate in intramural sports . . . anyone interested report on the gym floor this afternoon at 4 o’clock ...
—fc—
You haven’t forgotten about the Dolphin club mixer this evening? ? ? ... better bring along your date ... remember, the proceeds go toward winter trips for the Purdue varsity swimming team ...
Fraternities Play Softball
Fifteen Games Played In Second Round Of
Tourney
Second round games in the intramural fraternity softball competition got under way yesterday as 16 of the 18 scheduled games were played. I One of the hardest fought games was the Pi Kappa Alpha-Sigma Nu game which was w^n by the, Pi Kappa’s, 4 to 3. The game was in doubt until the first of the fifth when the losers were retired •with the tieing run on base. Beta’s Win
The Beta’s also won a close game and finally nosed out the Pi Phi Pi’s, 4 to 2. Another tussle was between the Acacia’s and the Phi Psi’s which the Acacia’s won by a shutout, 3 to 0. The Lambda Chi’s also nosed out tfie Teke’s, 4 to 2, and the Phi Gam’s turned on the steam to defeat the Triangle house, 3 to 1. The S. A. E.’s and Phi Tau’s scored shutouts over their opponents, the former beating the Delta Chi’s, 6 to 0, and the latter easily defeating Sigma Alpha Mu, 10 to 0. Other Games Phi Sigma Kappa was defeated, 12 to 6, by a late rally by the Big’s when the winners scored 11 runs in the last two innings. The Delt’s easily defeated Kappa Sigma, 12 to 6. Theta Chi breezed to an easy victory over Theta Xi, 8 to 1. The Delta Sig’s took the Phi Kap’s by a score of 13 to 7. Alpba Gamma Rho won over Pirathon, 10 to 4. Kappa Delta Rho defeated Tau Epsilon Phi, 9 to 6. Three teams won their games by forfeiture. The Phi Delt’s over the Beta Sigma Psi; Theta Tau over Alpha Tau Omega; and Sigma Phi Epsilon over Sigma Pi. In other games scheduled by the intramural departmenj;, the faculty raked the Phi Kappa Sigma squad over the coals with a score of 7 to 2
Pro^am For ROTCAthletes, Announced
Battery OfficersTo Organize Teams; Swimming Meet Oct. 22
The military department annoimced the athletic program for the first semester yesterday. This program, which is under the direction of the battery athletic officers, will include a swimming meet, softball tournament, and probably a boxing meet.
Organize Teams The battery officers will hold tryouts and organize a team, appoint a captain, and manage the teams through their schedule. The manner in which these duties are performed and the degree of interest displayed will determine the award, which is a citation. The swimming meet will be held October 22, ■with medals being given to the winners and those that place second. Regimental and battalion athletic officers will act as officials at the S'wimming meet and all other competitions.
Battery Officers The following men have been appointed as athletic officers: H-1, A. J. Parker; A-1, H. W. Meier; B-1, M. L. S^winehart; C-1, C. E. Maahs; D-1, E. W. Jewett; F-l, W. B. Sanders. H-2, S. C. Williams; A-2, D. A. Mon-ison; B-2, R. S. Kelley; C-2, A. R. Lindgren; D-2, F. J. McCauley; E-2, L. G. Juillard; P-2, C. F. Jones. H-3, M. H. Ingleman; A-3, W. Pusick; B-3, R. J. Aull; C-3, P. W. Manifold; D-3, G. B. Neidhardt; E-3, H. P. Antrim; P-3, D. J. Goodman. H-4, C. L. Moir; A-4, D. H. Carson; B-4, C. E. Burton; C-4, J. A. Miner; D-4, W. E. Roby; E-4, C. L. Sandler; P-4, F. L. Coers.
4 + ALL CAMPtIS miHlS Today, 4:15 o^clock H. L. Dubart vs. H. Foente. J. T. Small vs. W. M. Snyder. D. Oberle vs. W. Windecker. R. H. Latter vs. M. C. Magnussen. J. J. Delaplane vs. Ray Tillson. P. T. Cooper vs. R. P. Royster. C. R. Franklin vs. J. A. HebbleT. 5 o’clock E. M. Craft vs. P. V. Plapp. W. I. Metsiger vs. E. Lown. B. Kaufman vs. W. J. Demer. O. W. Buenting vs. H. Baugh. D. Waid vs. C. L. Sadler. W. B. Billings vs. J. P. Taylor.
Football Players Demand Wages
Selinsgrove, Pa.—(ACP)—Susquehanna University’s football players have gone on strike for high-
er tmges beeattMi the
praetiee eansed thdbr ewployeeia ^ rednce their migpeS. * Demands^of the to w* jntbnrse fl^ sit^ente for loesee were met fiat denials from the universi^s president heeause of conference mlings against payh^
athletes.
vfy
Prof. Hadley Addreasea Student Forum In ITnlott
“Because of its many betie&U to the student, religimi should an integral part in his daily life,” Professor Hadley, of the mathematics department, stated at a meetii^ of the Student Forum in the Memorial Union Building last night. Approximately 25 persons attended the gathering, vduch was foBowed by an informal discussion on the applications of religion to modem day problems, and especially with respect to racial discriminations.
FRATERNITY GOLF
Today Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Acacia. Delta Upsilon vs. Pirathon. Phi Kappa Sigma ■vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Sigma''Alpha Mu vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Sigma. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Xi. Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Pi Kappa Phi -vs. Beta Theta Pi.
WARD SOFTBALL
Today Diamond 3—Ward 7X vs. Ward 9. 7—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 10. 9—^Wi^rd 4 vs. Ward 12. 16— ^Ward 1 vs. Ward 16. 17— ^Ward 8 vs. Ward 13.
ROTH FLORIST, Complete Floral Service. SeitVing Purdue for 27 years. 636 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8060
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
for
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
Centre College President Dies
Dr. Frank L. Rainey, *89, Victim Of Sudden Heart Attack
Dr. Frank L. Rainey, a University graduate of 1889, and recently appointed president of Centre College, died suddenly at his home in Danville, Ky., Wednesday evening of a heart attack. He was a native of Lafayette. Dr. Rainey, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas G. Rainey, became a faculty member of Centre College as dean and professor of biology. Several months ago he was appointed president, after the resignation of Dr. Charles J. Turck.
STUDENTS Use Our Easy Pay Plan to buy a DESK MODEL RADIO $9.95
Firestone Service Store 9th and Ferry J. M. Covan, Birr.
Improve Your Dandng
By BnroUinr in Onr NEW ADVANCED CLASS In Ballroom Dancinr Friday, Oct. 2, 7:00 p. m. Swing Time Walts, Svrlnc Fox Trot and the latest daneea taoght.
Bhone IIS*
ALLENS Sth & Ferry
POPCORN/or health
Sparkling eyea, clear akin, more pep are indlcatiena ef perfect heaHk. Bat popcorn to attain it. A generons sack for Sc. A gaBon fw ISe.
DAD'S PLACE
352 State St.
The Bread with Energy and Pep for the Youth of today
GRAVE'S BAKERY Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
Drink a Quart of Gingrich Dairy Milk
Daily for Health, Vigor and Vitality "CARRY ON”, pIjRDUE
Gingrich Dairy
Phone 6425
LONDON
Kenton
The Shirt With a True British Accent
SMARTLY TOPPED WITH NEW WHITE KENTON COLLARS (2 with each Kentim Shirt)
$2
MadeOB^ YanHeusms
IN AUTUMN SLATE, AUTUMN GREEN, AUTUMN BLUR. AUTUMN MOUSE
Dewenter’s
41$ Main SL
^ ' '' J'V " ^ - A’* i Vv/ ¥ 1 ¥ 4, t.-'stYpEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and retired. Supplies for all machines. C. E. Ebershoif, 605 Main St, Phone 2779.
For Sale—Variety of books, 5 cents and up. Several book racks. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth Street.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms and good board for girls at 311 Chauncey Ave. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard,
For Rent — Attractive, lower, front room. Two instructors or graduate students or business women preferred. References. 609 North St. Ph. 7790.
NOTICES
rS|i.m.
Independents—^All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
Purdne Christian Foundation—An outdoor wiener roast wUl be held Oct. 2. Students desiring to attend will meet at the First Christian church, 6th and North St., at 6.
Chess Clnb—Short meeting to reorganize the Chess clnb Oct. 2 in the Union at 7 p. m. All faculty and students who are interested are urged to attend. —STALLINGS.
Bowling—There is a new women's bowling class, P. E. W. 63, open, Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. . There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
T. W. C. A. Hnsic Interest—All girls interested in music are invited to attend a concert by electrical transcription to be given in the music room of the Union Oct. 2 at 4. —WIEN.
Bowling—The Leahy-Barrett all ‘
qpendents—All having membership please r«»ort to P. I. A. office Oct, 2 at 4 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Y. W. C. A. Oct. 3 at 4 o’(
Y. W. C. A.
Oct.-6 at 4 o’clocl
CINTOSH.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting Oct. 2 at 7:: in old Union office. The new members w
be initiated.
—FUTOOHEE. W. A. A.—All
girls interested in becoming
B leaders for the W. A. A. cabinet
■ord at W. A. Al office or cor
Oct. 2.
—SWICK.
entire staff at 4 Oct. 2.
mee^ng of —JONES.
•Will the following to the Engineer office Oct. 2 at 4 p. m.: J. H. Bowling, R. W, G. W. Chaille, W. R. Chapin, M. N; R. B. DeMars, I. K. Given, C. W “ __ _ __ jj
'at-
JONES.
Acamei' v>iuu—Oct. 5 at 8 p. m. in room 1 of Union. All active members are reauired to be present. —BUXTON
Newman ■ Club—Emergency meeting Oct. 3 at 4 p. ni., room 2 of Union. The date of the Barnyarf Frolic has been advanced. Officers be sure to come. ^—CARTON.
Animal Husbandry Students—Dut to conflict the livestock tour and barbecue date has been changed to Oct. 7 instead of Oct. 8. —WHITE.
Graduate Students—^Are invited to the regular weekly discussion group held in the Wesley Foundation House, 436 State St., on Oct 4 at 6:30 p. m. Dr. C. Lanczos, of the mathematics department, who spent the summer in Europe, will lead a discussion on European affairs. —HOW.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet in the new Union workshop Oct. 2 at 4. —CLAYPOLE, FITTS.
Union—My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 Oct. 2. , ' —SHEETS.
Look to the LABEL that Means » •
WarmthLight WeightLong Wear
OENUiNS
WARMmNOtlKEiSHTY MaAP^t-nKtH ■ ’ US.PATEMT OFF.
An amazingly Long Lived Fleece, TOft and silky, WEAR TESTED to give you &e service you’ve a right to expect...
■ ^
A FOREMOST VALU&
Compare
S^les indicate Alpagora weighs lbs. less than the average California Weight Topcoat.
LON
25
Comparative figures show Alpagora to be 25 per cent warmer than fabrics of equal weight; 9 per: cent warmer than materials one and one-foutth times
heavier.
50,%
Results of abrasion tests tell the impressive story of the durability of Alpagora. This material has withstood in excess of 10,000 rubbings,
By Mary Cooley Kensington eliib will be entertained by a dessert bridge at 1 o’clock today at the home of Mrs. G. C. King at 215 South Grant.
Each Friday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock, starting today, the .Field Hockey group of the physical education section of the Purdue Women’s club will meet in the Women’s Gym.
Cinnamon toast and raisin nut bread toasted make a delicious accompaniment for tea or hot chocolate in serving between-meal or midnight snacks.
Tourists club will hold its regular meeting Monday at 2:30 o’clock in the Old Community House. Mrs. I. D. Mayer will present a paper entitled “Our State Poet, James Whitcomb Riley”. The responses to the roll call will be titles of favorite poems by Riley. Mrs. Goldsberry and Mrs. Ong are the hostesses.
“’Art-’n-’Arf” is a very refreshing English beverage composed of ginger-ale and grape juice or another fruit substitution in the ratio of “half-and-half”.
Monday Club will meet with Mrs. J. Dwight O’Perrall, 626 S. Seventh Street, for luncheon at 1 o’clock on Monday.
Members of Sorosis club will be entertained October 8 at 2:30 p. m. by Mrs. Charles Leslie at her home on North Salisbury Street. Mrs. Roy Gary will read a paper entitled “Covered Bridges of Indiana”.
“Honey in the Horn,” by Harold Davis, will be reviewed by Mrs. Gilbert Wilson at the October 8th meeting of the American Literaure club at the home of Mrs. C. H. Robertson, assisted by Mrs. T. J. Hornung. The program, which will begin at 2:30 o’clock, includes a talk on “Our West Coast”, by Mrs. M. Ungersma, who has recently returned from a trip to California.
Pa,shions influenced by the historical play “Mary, Queen of Scots” are evident this season. Inspired by a costume from the picture is a black velvet dinner gown with a novel gold zipper running from floor of neckline, straight up the front. High, off-the-faee hats are another popular style traced to this motion picture.
Taka Art club will enjoy a program of book reviews at the next meeting to be held at 2:15 o’clock October 8, ’f’he hostess will be Mrs. Milton Sammons, 603 South Tenl^ Street, assisted by Mrs. F. G. Yeager. The program will be in charge of l^rs. Arthur Kimmel and Mrs. Omar Eord.
( A round table discussion of “Achievements and Projects” will l^e the program at a meeting of the |*enelope-' club, with Mrs. Nellie Schrock, 502 Russell Street, at 2:30 (|’clock on October 8..
: Mrs. P. C. Lewis, 476 Maple St., will be hostess to members of the Aesthesian club on October 9, at 1 o’clock. ; “Heavenly Smashes” make delicious informal snacks. Place two roasted, hot marshmallows between graham wafers containing a layer of milk chocolate. The marshmallows melt the chocolate and sandwiched in the crackers make a sweet, gooey “smash”.
H^kes Salad
By Dbrirthbi^ Idstitf : “Cans of saffron, curry powder, mdrjoram, thyme and dried French mushrooms; black peppercorns, Cayenne and paprika; chervil, tarrstgou arid bay leaves . always go with us on our vacations.” A writer in the current issue of the Sattirday Evening Post," so retiring ,as to remain anonymous, lists such stimulating spices in his article on a pleasant and fascinating work—being a headwaiter. '
Tkc yptith p^ ,NYA is much harder to cairy otlt successfttlly, Therie are liriiitai|i<)iis on the kind and amount of useful work that cari: be found for .unemployed youth ip the average'coinmuriity. Many types of work cinflict with operating WPA projects. Others Tequire skills not found among
nochaiiMto'gctworkex- , .SSrWnw , vS, In thn comine'-^onths the NYA JWill herid grater effort to - them either yocatlpnalr trainipg^^ri^ job experience of various kirids. An
pass the American Youth Act, pr similar legislation. But until that day comes the NYA will have tri carry on, with its limited resources'
Salads are, to him, one of the most interesting dishes to make. A never washed, well oiled, much treasured wooden salad bowl is used. Ea^ch crisp, dried lettuce leaf is arranged in the bowl, after which begins the delicate and absorbing process of concocting the salad dressing. His method is to pour sweet olive oil directly on the lettuce and other greens, and then to add one-fifth as much wine vinegar. Next he adds a spoonful of mayonaise, and to his taste, paprika, salt, and pepper. White wine or claret, fairly liberally sprinkled in, gives a sweet, high flavor. After rubbing a piece of garlic on a morsel of rye bread, he tosses the bread into the bowl.
Main Part Done The main part of the salad is theri finished. Three dashes of tobasco, and perhaps Parmesian cheese are put in for savor. Then sometimes he puts in a few narrow strips of salami, or some anchovies. That done, he tosses gently the ingredients of the dish, keeping each one separate, but turning each leaf so it is coated with the piquant dressing. A royal ceremony—his salad mixing—and his salads are deriianded by his best customers. Since 1888, the writing head Waiter has been learning from famous gourmets, tricks of plalate teasing and pleasing. Forty-eight years of experience as a head waiter brings epicurian recipes, and the salad method is one of them.
WBAA
TODAY 11:00—Principles of Sociology, Mr. T. K. Noss, Classroom Lecture. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes, T. R. Johnston. , ' ‘ 12:00—^Agricultural Fortun, Glenn Sample. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Music.; 12 ;30-^Athletic Review, Prof. Homer Allen and Doxie Moore. 12:46—^Noon Musicale. 1:00—-Civic Forum. 1:16—Mechanical Shop. 1:30--Great Inventions "Invention of the Telephone”, Miss Candace Smith, of Lafayette City Schools. 2 ioo—Current' Events, ‘"the Birth of the News”. 2 :16—Songs, and Melodies, Charlotte Stewart. 2:30—Musical Album. 2:46—^Dramatic Readings, Miss Janet Ford. 3:00—Lafayette City'Schools Program. 3:30^—Lafayette Little Theatre Program.'
ACP Writer Pictures Washington In Summer (Continued from page 1)
government bureaus, since there are not enough funds'available to hire new worki^rs in any great- numbers for administration of the act. More NYA Student aid under the NYA will undoubtedly be granted in even greater volume this coming academic year than it was last year; NYA authorities are coming more and more to realize that it is oDe activ-
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
/By HART SGHAFFNER & MARX
Don't be afraid of color in your wardrobe this fall. Well dressed nien everywhere hdve accepted color and particularly plaids. DISTRICT CHECKS come in all sizes and colors, both bold and subdued, to suit the individual taste.
CLOTHES shop; INC. 500 Main
I