.V
4'^
. , i,'4 1^' ' f' ' ‘ ' 1 i "*! ■'■ii
The Editor Asks: Is A Cat A Dog?
Go To lU Game Eteef Watch Your Exponent
j
Volume 53, No. 11
Wegt Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, September 13,1341
Final Action Changing Golf To Major Union Big Name Band' Mixer Sport Scheduled For Vote October 2 AsCoededitor Features Bo|j Byrne Tonight
Mary Henry has beerr elected W J U H U ^ . . U ^«
Students Urged To Attend PAC Meeting Tuesday To Express Personal Opinions
Elliott Warns Monday, September9, Deadline For Car Registration
By Jim Adams
Pinal action on the petition,presented to the Purdue Athletic Council shortly before school closed in June to make Golf a major sport will be taken by the council at a speciat meeting on Thursday afternoon, Oct. 2, in Athletic Director Mai Elward’s office. A preliminary meeting to allow all inter-
ested,persons to express themselves on the subject has been sept. 29, is the last day that stucalled by President Dick Raney for next Tuesday afternoon, dents may .register their cars for
Warning has been issued by President E. C. Elliott that Monday,
Sept. 23 at 4 o’clock. In a story published a week ago a statement was made that a student vote was necessary to decide whether or not golf should have a major sport’s status. This misunderstanding was caused by a clause in the old S. A. A. constitution which stated that a student vote was needed to make a minor sport
into a major sport.
However, under the new consti-
Playshop Lab Holds Tryouts Tomorrow
use during the school year without being subject to the penalties as provided under University regula-
tions.
Procedure for the registration of cars is as follows: the student should obtain an application from the Physical Plant office in the Service and Stores building, have the car
In preparation for its first pro- inspected and approved by the In-
diana State Police, and return to the Physical Plant to complete reg-
istration.
Offices will be open in the Service and Stores building from 8 a.ra. tq 12 noon and 1 to 4:30 p.m. week days except Saturdays. The Indiana
Mary Henry has been elected senior coed editor on the 1942 Debris editorial staff, it was announced yesterday by the Debris electoral board. She will replace Betty Morris who was unable to attend the
University this year.
Mary is president of Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, a member of Chi Omega social sorority and a home economics senior. Last year she was junior editor in charge of the sports,and faculty sec-
tions of the Debris.
Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Debris editorial office, the Debris Will hold a callout for editorial staff sophomores. At this meeting, the work done by both men and women^ebris editorial workers will
be explained, e.g.k.
State Farmers See Experimental Crop At University Farm Hearing the latest results of the University’s research on the growing of corp, sorghum, caster beans, and soybeans, 650 northern and central Indiana farmers attended the annual Corn and Soybean Meeting yesterday at the University Experimental Soils and Crop farm east of Lafayette.
'This Year's Young Man Of Music' To Play From 9 Toll In Both Ballrooms By Walt Rafert Featuring the music of Bobby Byrne and his orchestra, the ■ Union’s second “bigger name band” mixer of the season will be held tonight in both ballrooms of the Union. Couples will dance from 9 to 12 o’clock. Admission will be $1.50 per couple. Known popularly as “This Year’s Young Man of Music,” Byrne rose from the ranks of Jimmy Dorsey’s trombone section to becof p one of the leading contenders in “big time” — band competition within a period of two years. His band features DoroAhA FlFcf Claire, Stuart Wade, and Dick Mil wllllli l»» 41J niil Farrell, vocalists, as well as the
duction of the season, the Playshop Laboratory group will hold tryouts
tution of the Purdue Athletic Coun- for cast and crew positions at 1 o’cil, which supplanted the SAA, the clock tomorrow afternoon in Fowler
Council has the right to change the
status of a sport upon the presen- ^ three-act melodrama . ^
tation of a petition and the pubhea- selected State Police will test student cars tion of the petition for two weeks fpgg gf charge only between 4 and before a vote is taken among the the opening presentation. This ^ Tuesdays and Thursdays Council. is the first time the laboratory has 3^ g^^g one-half During this two week period, the undertaken a large production with miles north-east of the campus on council urges the student body to entirely new talent. State Road 52. k.a.k.
present all their criticisms and com- The Playshop Laboratory theatre ments to any representative of the is organized primarily for the purgioup. This appeal.is directed to the pose of training inexperienced actstudent body so that every member ors and stage technicians, w.e.r.
of the council may be well fortified
to represent and carr
cs of the entire university.
This move is being made in an fiyiiHan'f OfCn/av Patty Berg, the noted woman effort to speed up the conversion / ggifgj^. compiled a tournaof student opinion into definite Summers men,t record that has few equals, action. Students, faculty, and towns- will be at Purdue Tuesday afterStudents wishing to express their attracted outdoors "oon, September 23, to give special opinion before the final vote is held brilliant display instruction in the ^ womenjs golf
of the Northern Lights. The phenomenon was extremely clear here
Meeting; Make Plans For Year's Activities
Patty Berg, Renowned
Northern Lights Put Golffifi Here Tuesday
Four Trombymes.
Big Shoes
The Dorsey brothers’ split-up in 1935 proved to be Byrne’s golden opportunity. J. Dorsey repeated an offer he made to Byrne while the youngster was still in high school.
Student Art Guild held its organ- and Byine was faced with the prop-
osition of filling the shoes of T. Dorsey. He handled the job well enough to draw compliments from both swing,and “legitimate” performers, including Tommy, himself.
Q. 11*4! 11 4.1, not be built hiah enoueh to nre- financed as a part of the Memorial After four years with Dorsey, Stamp collectors from all over the Tlnion o.t nnd Byrne, a featured trombonist, of-
ganized his own band and launched a record-breaking engagement at
advisor.
Lafayette Society's
Stamp Show Opens Tomorrow In Union
Banquef Highfighi'S First Day's Program
Examined Results
Small groups of the farmers travelled about the farm seeing the actual results of the soils and crops experiments which were conducted on the farm and hearing the explanations of the experiments as described by University agronom-
ists. Questions with regard to indi- ization meeting yesterday afternoon viclual farms were also answered. discuss activities and appoint In the early afternoon, agricul- committees for the coming year, tural economist Dr. T. K. Cowden The purpose of the organization is told the farmers that barriers can- popularize art for students. It is
Middle West will assemble in the agriculture from receiving Union art program, _ and sponsored Union building tomorrow and Sun- ^^e impacts and accom- ^ the Student Union Robert O day for the fifth annual Stamp Panying repercussions of the pres- Parks, Union art director, is staff
^ mif xTToi* a rixr-io/VT* Show sponsored by the Lafayette wai
Need Drastic Measures yesterday’s meeting Donald “Inflation and the accompanying Stout was appointed chairman of high prices for agricultural pro- promotion committee, which
Philatelic Society.
Admission to the exhibit will be free to the public as well as all col-
Glen Island Casino in New Rochelle, New York. After his debut at the same place where Ozzie Nelson, Glen Gray, Charlie Barnett, Larry Clinton, and Glenn Miller got their
lectors, but a fee of 25 cents will ducts are in prospect unless very 'wiP handle Guild publicity and busi- * . Bvine has been featured nn h exhibitor. No limit drastic measuies are annlied in the relations, and Betty McCart- , i*-
be charged each exhibitor. No limit drastic measuies are applied in the Raleigh cio'arette proo-ram on
has been'set as to the number of near future,” he stated. “Even ney was chosen chairman in charge frames each collector may enter in then, it is questionable in the Little Movie Convos, which will
are urged to appear before the Council at its first regular meeting which will be held next Tuesday, Sept. 23, in the Director of Athletic’s office at 4 p.m. in the Fieldhouse. Those able to attend and who wish to express their sentiments should contact some member of the Council. The membeis of the Council and where to roach them are as follows: Dick Raney Pres. P. A. C., Pi Kappa Phi; Jim Adams Vico Pres. P. A. C., Phi Delta Theta; Gordon Peterson, Chairman Constitution Comm., Kappa Sigma; Bill Meierhofer, Sec.-Treas. P. A. C.,
classes. However, Helen Hazelton, head of the Department of Physical
as the cloudless dark sky made the Education for Women, has
visibility excellent. The aurora borealis was seen
V
throng ilout most of the country
nounced that both the golf clinic and the mixed foursome contest will be open to the student body and the
Wednesday night too. Chicago general public.
weatheiman A. J. Knarr stated that the display was the most brilliant that he had ever seen. Other weath-
Virvinia Dettweiler To Assist Helping Miss Berg will be Virginia Dettweiler, former Women’s
er station reported the Strangs sight Western Open Champion. Miss from the Atlantic coast southward Dettweiler will explain the techto Washington, D. C., and across nique and art of golfing as illusthe western prairies to Montana. trated by Patty Borg. The golf demThe exact reasons for this color- onstration will take place on Iriful display of lights are unknown tramural Field at two o’clock. And
Sigma Chi; Jim ]\^icer. Baseball to science, but the general thought following the clinic, the mixed four-
Mgr., Delta Tau Delta; Vaughn Hill, Track Mgr., Phi Psi; John Clauser, Track Mgr., Delta Chi; Chailes Standard, Basketball Mgr., Phi Kappa Sigma; and Bill Campbell, Football Mgr., Phi Gamma
Delta.
C. A. Ellis
. .. pi'ofossor of civil engineer ing, is author of a bulletin entitled “Two-
that it is caused by large disturbances on the face of the sun. These disturbances cause electrical impulses toward the earth. When there is a display of lights radio and other forms of communication
systems are disrupted.
Alpha Phi Omega To Hike To Cary Camp Tomorrow
some will start at four o’clock on the University Course. This foursome will consist of the two women stars paired with two member.s of
the varsity golf team. Hails From Minnesota
Miss Berg began her golfing career nine years ago at the University of Minnesota, where she began tournament play the first year she was ever on a golf course. Since that time, she has won all of the
Local chapter members of Alpha
Hinged Rectangular Arch Having Phi Omega will participate in an major women’s titles. Patty Berg Variable Moments of Inertia,” re- overnight hike to Cary Camp to- has competed in 60 tournaments, cently published by the University morrow night and return sometime She has taken top honors 29 times, engineering experimental station. Sunday. The camp is located five been I’unner-up 14 times, and gone The bulletin presents a method de- miles east of Lafayette off of route to the semi-finals four times. And veloped by Professor Ellis for solv- 26. Dean Wilbur is in chaige of this in addition, she has captured the ing statically indeterpiinate struc- hike and Willis Schalliol is presi- medalist honors in half of hei tourtuics. dent of the local group. nament starts, p.g.m. Military Band Appoints 40 Officers
the show.
Size Of Frames Stamp frames for exhibition purposes must be larger than 12 by 18 inches. Pi eferred sizes are 18 by 24 or 24 by 36. Deadline for entrance in the exhibit will be tomorlow morning at 9. Again this year, as in the past, there will be competitive judging. Blue ribbons and certificates will be awarded to the winner in each of the following groups: 1. Most original display regardless of actual philatelic value; 2. Most unique item of philatelic interest (this does not mean monetary value) could be a stamp, a group of stamps, a block, etc.; most instructive exhibits from the viewpoint of the non collector—3. Stamps of U. S. A.; 4 Foreign stamps; 5. First Day covers; most descriptive exhibits from the philatelic standpoint—6. Stamps o'f U. S. A.; 7. Foreign stamps; 8. First Day covers; 9. General covers; 10. Precancels.
PO Exhibit
Included in the exhibit will be two large frames from the post office department and twelve frames of cancellations on the rare 1934 six cent Air Mail of Bert Powell, Chicago. ' An auction will ho held in con-
minds of many if inflation can be fi® held in Fowler Hall this year, avoided. Agricultural prices, so far Cs-Uton Davis is head of the exhibit in this war, have followed about committee which will sponsor major the same pattern as during World Union art exhibits and arrange for War I. Prices as high or even high- glides and speakers for them.
Lawrence Kaitz will direct the committee to survey student opinion of art on the campus in order to deteimine Guild activities for this and future years. Betty Duncan and Ann Vogler will act as co-chairmen of the radio committee which will plan weekly programs over WBAA
throughout the year.
^^The Guild program will include, besides conventional projects for student appreciation of painting
Student passports for freshmen and sculpture, activities relative to and sophomores are available for music, the dance, theatre arts, litdistribution at the ticket offifce in erature, and other aspects of both the fieldhouse today and should be past and contemporary art and cul-
called for promptly, it was an- ture.
nounced last night by ticket man- The next meeting of the organager C. S. Doan. Junior and senior ization will be held in room 84 of tickets will not be leady until next tbe Union at 8:15 o’clock next Wed-
er than during the first war are
not an impossibility.”
Today at the 21st annual Swine Day piogiam, results on the feeding trials with hogs will be re-
leased. k.a.k.
Frosh, Sophomore Passports Ready
recordings, at Hotel New Yorker, and at Hotel Roosevelt in New Orleans. His band holds the record of playing three repeat engagements at Meadowbrook within
six months.
Only Twenty-Two At twenty-two, Byrne is considered as one of the most promising young bandmasters in the business. However, much of his band’s success can be accredited to vocalists Dorothy Claire, who came to him from Glenn Miller, and Stuart Wade. Wade, like the Ci’osbys, the Rhythm Boys, and Mildred Bailey, hails from Spokane, Washington, and is meeting the standards set by his
predecessors.
Following his engagement here tonight, Byrne will open at Hotel Sherman in Chicago after a Sunday night date with the Southern Mansion in Indianapolis.
v/eek.
Each student must call for his own passport and present his registration card in order to receive his ticket, Doan stated, c.f.h.
nesday evening, m.b.
Foundation To Hold Party Offer Varied Activities
Wesleyans Sponsor
Football Ticket Sale Student 'Hobo Hike'
Will Begin Monday
nection with the show. No reserve ,sponsoied by the Purdue bids will be allowed and a limit of C h i s t i a n Foundation tonight.
Wesley Foundation, Methodist Student Center, is sponsoring a
Counter sale of reserved tickets “Hobo Picnic” behind Ross-Ade for the Vanderbilt game will begin stadium tonight at 5 o’clock. Those Monday morning at Deac’s, Deck- students attending will be dressed
Students will attend a two-in-one er’s, Southworth’s, the University Bke hoboes and will act like hoboes.
Book Store and at the ticket office “boes” will meet at the Pounin the Fieldhouse, according to an fi^^Uon, 116 Sheetz Street and walk
ten lots has been set on the auction Games will begin at eight o’clock, announcement by C. S. Doan, ticket ^-Qm there to the picnic grounds, entrance of each collector. The auc- ^he Christian Church, 329 North manager. Judges will choose the ugliest
Sixth Street. At ten o’clock a skat- The first tickets for the three prettiest tramp, dirtiest ing paity will be held at the roller home football games with Vander- ^um, and the bum who has tramped skating rink. bilt, Iowa and Michigan Statp have farthei’est.
A get-together banquet tomor- Tickets aic available from Jean already been mailed out, Doan Queen of hoboes, Gerry Pugh, row evening at 6 o clock will high- steigerwald, Elizabeth Baughman, stated, and lemaining mail ordeis will lead the games afterward.Ticklight the fiist day’s activities. Tick- George King, Paul Carrington, and will be filled in the order of their picnic are priced at fif-
tion will close at 6 p. m. Sunday.
Stamp Club Of Air
Forty upporclass musicians were appointed commissioned and noncommissioned officers in the University’s Military band for this year, accoiding to the ratings leleased yesterday by the University Military department. In addition, the department released the names of the 84 freshmen who were accepted by the organization. Pi emotions were based on the length and quality of service, proficiency in the execution of assigned duties; ability to correlate the effoits of those woiking under him and the general ability to give as well as take orders. Commissioned Officers The commissioned officers are First Lieutenants C. R. Watson and P. J. Fenn; Bvt. First Lieutenants C. G. Yates and R. A. Sprenger; Second Lieutenants J. B. Whyman and R. J. Coers; Bvt. Second Lieu- ' tenants G. W. Ely, A. L. Clifford, N. L. Downing, A. C. iFlackbert, W. E. Brown and V. D. Lawhead. The non-commissioned officers
are Seigeants P. J. Leininger, R. K. Cast, D. C. Ross, W. A. Hammer, R. B. Clifford, J. C. Byers, R. E. Johnson, P. T. Hemlcr, R. W. Hemmi<ngsen, G,!C. Huffman, P. Bass. Ten Corporals Named The corporals are J. M. Merriell, S. E. Craigmile, P. E. Biown, C. E. Faiibor, B. J. Ford, J. F. Wood, W. A. Spi alter, H. L. Smith, W. J. Kolacek, A. E. Reynolds. The trumpters are P. M. Patter.son, F. T. Homier, K. F. Dull, S. E. Ciaigmile, W. H. Weber, R. J. Nelson, R. S. Macy. Freshman Members The following freshmen were picked on the basis of their perfoimancc at the tryouts last Saturday afternoon and evening: J. E. Anderson, E. Anderson, D. Baughman, M. L. Bender, H. R. Berry, B. K. Blanchard, D. Bopp, H. Bosstick, R. C. Brenk, L. Cain, W. A. Cheyney, R. J. Cloud, E. R. Coucli, D. 0. Ciim, P. 0. Dodge, D. B. Dtinwoody, R. V. Evanson, W. T.
Planks, W. Frost, P. E. Funke, D, E. Goult, W. Greer, J. Grant. K. D. Hemelen, C. N. Harwood, L. Hcdberg, E. H. Hemmer, W. F. Hershey, R. E. Hill, N. A. Hinderer, J. E. Hove, P. D. Johnson, G. P. Jones, R. A. Kasting, B. Kayser, A. W. Kimball, P. A. King, T. E. Kline, W. H. Kraybill, G. R. Lantz, P. K. Lewis, R. S. Macy, L. Martin, R. J. Melichar, W. C. Mundori, H. A. Myeis, M. B. Myeis, R. W. Nash, R. J. Nelson, P. R. Olson, G. M. Palmer, W. L. Past, R.‘ G. Pitcher. R. J. Rose, L. M. Rusler, C. K. Salm, R. H. Schnakenburg, J. B. Schoonover, M. P. Shambaugh, R. F. Sharp, J. A. Shaw* H. D. Sherwood, W. A. Skinner/M. L. Smith, C. B. States, R. A. Stressor, L. D. Streitelmeier, H. H. Sutton. R. L. Tannehill, W. L. Vermillion, R. S. Vickers, W. P. Weber, W. H. Weber, R. L. Weigle, J. K. Weinberg, D. D. Werts, J. A. West, E. H. Wiggers, J. E. Wilson, W. Wjnger, R. K. Wolff, L. G. Wood, B. A. Woodhull. e.g.k.
ets will be 75 cents
At 3 o’clock tomorrow afternoon WBAA, University radio station, will broadcast from the exhibit in its regular “Stamp Club of the Air” program. ,
Ken Truax. w.e.r.
receipt, d.e.b.
teen cents and can be obtained from
Dave Folger.
J. W. Kelly
Houses Prepare Propaganda Campaigns For Homecoming
Keefe, Bower Take Jobs On Highway Commission R. Keefe, CE ’02, has resumed
By Bill Hoskins show that did the trick for them, fiis position as chief engineer of
Fraternities, sororities, and other spite of the fact that Exponent’s th® Indiana State Highway Com-
cpTitlv nublished bv the American organized houses on the campus aie ™oiitable sports editor of last year, mission following a ten months cently published by the Arne lean v i • ..u • Joe Dolan, heaifily disagreed with leave of absence, and R. H. Bower> Conciete Institute. Having been alieady at work planning their ^E ’12, has just been appointed criticized and edited by ten prom- Homecoming displays, with the ini- joe thought, and vehemently assistant chief engineer for the
tial purpose in mind of beating the stated in his column, that Lambda Commission.
Iowa team by propaganda. Chi’s noisy and extensive side show Keefe had recently been serving Displays this year, as in years should have won the first prize, chief engineer on construction past, will be judged mostly on their Joe’s emphatic avowals of the of the Naval ammunition storage
suitability to the idea of homecom- Lambda Chi’s supremacy caused depot at Burns City,
ing, but ingenuity, originality, and reverberations for days afterward. tfi® Past eight years Bower cleverness will be given due con- A giant band of cards on the Pi ^as served as State Highway dissideration. Simplicity and clarity of Phi’s front lawn with a sign read- U'ict engineer at Seymour. His sucpoints will be stressed this year. ing “It’s in the cards,” won them cessor there will be C. W. McClain,
The greatly coveted cup awarded the distinction of garnering the GE ’15. b.l.w.
tember 22, at 4 pmR^in Eliza Fowler for the best Homecoming display trophy given for the best sorority
. . . C. E. ’21, is the author o'f “A Manual of Concrete Inspection” re-
inent concrete practioners, this manual is one of the most authoritative and up to date of its type
now in existence.
Faculty Meeting The regular meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, Sep-
Ilall.
A full attendance is expected. Jldward C. EJliott, President.
• for fraternities is still reclining in display.
the trophy room of the Theta Chi If last year’s judging plan is fof-
Arthur f. Brumfield freshman engineer, is con*
house, wher^ it has been for two lowed again at this Homecomins
consecutive years A steel mill the judges will view the display's valescing at St. Elizabeth hospitok showing the transfoimation of Big once in the day, and again at night He entered Tuesday with a throat
9 scrap iron into Boilers was the to note the lighting effects. infection
>1 'Hia ■'lA'
h A Cat A Dog?
•5^,. Eh^ery step,|;aken by Congress and the Presidentm Washington has been attacj[jed by'the America First Committee on the basis that !^i!Washington is filled with war mongers whose p one ambition is to get us into war as fast as possible. They point with pride to the fact that this country is not in war only because of the Committee's efforts and that they represent 80 per cent of the people. The Chicago Daily News recently pointed out that America First leaders in their losing battle against the nationahpolicy argue something like this: Eighty per cent of the people are opposed to war. America First is opposed to w'ar. Therefore America First represents 80 per cent of the people. Similjh’ly it might bo argued that since all dogs have tails and cats also have tails that a cat is therefore a clog. Actually 80 per cent of the people are.probably opposed to war; numerous polls have shown this to be true, but it is extremely doubtful.if all of this 80 per cent side with the Committee in their opposition to every move made by the President. In fact, the majority of the people are supporting, the administration and are not being led into disunity by the America Pdrst Committee. Furthermore, at each measure passed by Washington, the America First boys have shouted,/‘This means war!” They’ve opposed conscription, lend-lease, our naval activities, and all agreements with Britain. Yet today we are not at war, but since they have opposed what they call the “war-like” , measures
0ikduiL^xfiojnmL
Entbredf ns second class matter, ^nt thfrvpost oftJee-iin Lafayette, Indiftba, the act Df CollifreSS.tif Mai’dh 3, 1870, and. nt the special rate of ijostaffe provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published ilaily except Monday durinj? the rfeRular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions,. $4.00.
Rdilor-in-CIiicf.. News- Editor.. Business Manaffcr...
Ned A. Ochiltree ^ ..John L. Trnugott : ...Don S. Powers
Publication Staff
Manaftini? Editor....: Leland W. Ruffner Associate Editor.s: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Rrophy, K: L. Hadley,\F, I. Jones, . E. G. 'Kieper. ;Business Staff Local Advortisinp: Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E* Saxton; Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager; W. . D. Millard. . / . Co-ed Staff Editor ; .Ruth Rose Associate Editors; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield. ; ^ Sports Staff Editor i....,.r....4.PhU ' G. JohnsonAssociate Editors: 0. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national-advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publisher.s Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Jones Day Editor: Boynton Is.sue Editor: Hoskins Sports Editor: Keeler Worker.s: D. E. Butz, K. A. Klosson, W, Raffert, G. L. Alanson, E. Ahrens, W. Summers, B, L., Wallace, K. Kumiaiider, E: G. Kieper, C. Hass.
JThe
• # •
tot
perfect way;;of.pinning a-reii^tant ^ScieUfi^S'^vanee^'Varied■ .WKoti. vKo • 1. > h ■ . ■ JUaU Ilf
When- be ; ■w;as/ahked f ho|w ^ he pihhes^ -Bette; MathiS>oi,,;Smith Col-
Theprit^Ahoul' brillkerS’
he Feplied, .“She’s^^^^^^-W^^^ and ' 'STANFOED U'N I V E E S IT
I: told her:itiWs;a .Wilkie Button.’’
^Seems i.t6.: -us.; that that would ,'be abM/ewveJcplaifrMvBy», some persons harder to put on her 4han an SAE can drink’heavily \)ljhlle others cahpin, not, according to'Dr. Henry NeWPhi Mu Mary Elinore Black.> of the Stanford university fac■more^ -maii'-Scott-flew .all the'-vW0<y '’—'y’ • , j .. from Tenn.-last week just for one , Experiments have been made at
Well, ..people, ,ihe.:.lonel» hearts date with her. Ah, love, or maybe the university to prove or disprove
of ATO are active again ,this year, its self - defense because of a cer-
We have before us .a -cttpy of a Irf- thin Jim NCff who’s right close at the-subject. They were all foun ter they wrote to several ;Ghi.Q.’s:, hand; instead of way down in Tenn. , „ ., _ ' as . an answer to the girls’ appli- A word of-advice to. Kappa Delta V ' t)r, Ne .
cations for entree.
and
Martha ^Rosenc^ans
Rho .Tack Koch. You might as well “believe an habitual heavy drinker.
TVinj-v forget about that girl you’ve been ‘take it’ because alcohol passes iwuiy . iftst t-wo more slowly into his blood stream,
.Jean Sanford were rejected because “yiig But f^xnerimants showed that the
of too ™,.ch activity -»ith the „p- years and hav.ne no suecoto berate poaile sev. Lilian Delacli tvio ac- »l*e'.ad a pm. because hovf ahe ia cepted because she looked lonely seci^tly nmrried. Too bad
Charlie Danglemajoc of the Theta
chroi tic drinker’s blood absorbs ..al-
cohyl mgre rapidly.
and so was-Mary Osborn even ^nan.e ux lul: “Many believe that alcohol goes and so i:^as iviary usnorn, even nicpti p; Phi’s but is more slo#y to i the brain .of the though she.isn’t lonely to the ex- . ^ gcoure'e to the ATOT This' beavy..drinker, blit our workers tent that she dates an ATO pretty a scouige -to the AiO s. ihs . ^ ^ „ g. ^ j^j, consi.stently. Looks like the boys «^numer -he went to work on a^St. here found goes more rapidi.
slipped up there,, By the way, the ^
big iguns in that society are Mickey Saturday night, this PaPs® his body burns up the alcohol
same Pi Phi called him up from at a high rate of speed. But our New Jersey to cheek on him, we experiments showed alcohol
Lawrence University Pi Phi with an “Others • suggest that: the habit:
-Rated drinker remains sober be-
McTague and Bob Hummingson.
/ipi;i’trays a dance ;'^kasll
he . burned up in both amateur and pro- <106611 ITI. StfeWai't
the Otl.0.. day ...d aslto.- ho.- to.- was leavipj top a dato »th a local f -v. a coho date, and was copsido.-ably Ptonddd’t^- *"">'« ■' “Sr Newman holds that the only contused when she s}id no, because sending in .all Possible explanation Is that the
. Speaking of the Chi O’s, some .1,4. i +
fellow called up Nancy .Sacksteder 1 _ local fessional drinkers at exactly the White’s ‘'Wild'Geese Gaill-i-Ilg,
she was waiting on the plumber, and . , , , , hung up without another word. The these contributions, thanks -lyads
and keep up the good work, and
passed by Congress, they take the credit for simple explanation of course is that keeping us put of war. That’s just another Nancy is house manager over at example of their peculiar lo'gic. , the Chi 0 house. . r>i 1 If we would follow the committee s wishes, \^iaii^C this country would take no risks at all. If any too. Peg Call, Dottie Benson, Anne plan will improve our^national unity, our de- Custer (?), Margie Hans and Betty fense, or bur effort to keep out of war, the Graham are.all mourning the ab- , America Firsters will immediately oppose it sence of their men due, to the army
if anjr risk is involved. Tf the men who devoted themselves to the building and jirogress of the‘United States had taken no risks, we might still be thirteen colonies instead of a think ?
world power.
we’ll be seeing you.
. . . C. E. ’15, has recently been promoted to the position of Chief Engineer of. the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. He entered the em-
or otherwise. Cheer up Kappa ploy of the B. & O. Railroad imdears, they’ll be back in two and mediately following graduation and a half years. Rotten poetry, but by 1930 had advanced to the posirather nice sentiment, ‘ don’t you tion of Assistant Chief Engineer.
the new 20th Centufyi-Fox film which co-^ta¥s Henry
. , . , . Fonda. “Wild Geese GMliing” chronic, drinker acquires some mys- , , . , .V -t«t o x j terious “tolerance” to alcohol, a'starts at the-Mars S^™^day.
mechanism that permits him to ab-
sorb alcohol without showing its ef- gyt/m mm m ' fects, ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Bill iiepbufn ' Here’s seme “Homespun” (note: .. . Student Union executive,.yeswe claim no authorship to this): terday requested that all students A big, loud huzzah, who have not as yet (jlbne so shotild For that ace yarn unraveler; collect all unsold-.booksland'ca.sh for
It’s Bob Burns as star In “The Ai*kansas Traveler.
will present “Husband Below Deek.” Miss Luddy is completing her fourth
year on this, program.
WBBM - 780 - CBS
I ..Sinipson-Smith ® Swingisi^ The Classics There are some people who think swin.g smells and there are others who think even worse of the classic. Well, here’s a scheme to bring those two groups together. With every band lender 'In the country trying to find a swin.gv hit buried in the works of the masters, there have been .some mighty fine arrangements of these old numbers. Now, if you s'vving fans, will only break down and get the classical ai-ran.gement of your jive numbers, v/e feel .sure that you’ll find plenty of woi tH in these records with the red labels. And you longhairs .should pile your hair on top of your head and swing to these new ideas about your old favorites—it won’t hurt you. WMAQ - 670 - NBC Tschaikowsky By Martin The most popular two-way melody today is Tschaikowsky’s “Piano Concerto Number One in B Flat Minor, .Opus 23.”i The- hcjiped up version is by Freddy Martin and it’s really smooth, but to' get the. full dynamic emotions, from this great work you really .should have , the whole thing, four records, played by John Barberolli and the. London .Symphony w-ith Rubenstein at the piano. Somethin.g else of Tschaikow.sky’s that’s inade a bigtbit in. present day style i.s “March Slav”; this, was dressed up in its brand new clothes by Les Brown.- Say, you . know if you stop and t.hink about it, hardly a numijer by Tschaikowsky has gotten thi.s* far.- without being revi.sed. He could probably write some red hot .stuff if he were here today. WLS - 090 - NBC Carmen By Savitt Bizet’s- “Prelude to Carmen” rc.serve.s' a separate paragraph in either form,-and .should have two. • The prelude i;/; pretty - hot in tlie original a.s preludes go, l>ut when Jan Savitt got through, with it the mu.sic glowed bi-ight red. Thi.s record i.s realiy on(| of the year’.s best; it’.s got everything excejit a slow beat and if you ifsteri real do.se, you can probably find even that. Fj-.om r now until a bettiir one comes along, Savitt s ideas 4boul the “Prelude ,. to Carmen” heads our list. Dorothy La.jnou|-, of .sarong fame, v. ' plays the leading .j-oJe 1:1 “Hollywood Premiei-e” ovei- CBS toiiighi ■ at S p.in. T he iday is “Aloma of , tlie South Seas,” whicii has lieen .playing locally,'and Dottie sliouid really go' to town; -How we fret for . television! Note also that the “Premiere” is , heard one-half/lour earlier than usual. , ,/S # Raidio Retview Tpnight’s bestjlistwiiiig will probUbly l)e,“PiiBt highter” with Bar- ^ bari^uddy .and Les Trenia)ue, who
Coeds Meet Today To Plan Rush Period All organized Women are to attend a compnksory meeting in Stanley Coulter hall at 4 o’clock today where rushing rules for this year
Avondcring rvhat kind of a hat Hed- will be fully explained. Dean Strat- - da Hopper will wear to her program ton will give a talk and Janet Avery at the WBBM studios this after- will read the rush rules as set out noon at 4:15 p.rn. Miss Hopper, it by Panhellenic.
IVar or no war, the feminine staff of station WBBM continues to be excited by '.styles these days. According to a CBS release, they are
seems, i.s noted for her millinery. Here’s some “Homespun”
A big loud.huzzah
For that ace yarn unraveler
It’s Bob Burns as star
In “The Arkansas Traveler”
Mrs. Clifford Rader, rush advisor to the freshmen women, will be here durin,g the period .of October 3 to 11, to help solve the problems
of the rushees.
Rush opens Friday, October 3 with a meeting at 4:00 in the west
■ ’-'Note: we claim no authorship to faculty lounge of the Union for this. women planning to go through * -i' -i' rush. The first party is an infor-
mal tea Saturday, October 4. c.f.h.
Just the opposite of the aforementioned girls. Theta “Flea” Hyde has gone back to the Belts now that ATO Duke Reynolds has joined our first line of defense, These Navy men make it awfully hard to be true to them, don’t they, Flea, -with their three year enlist-
men plan and everything?
Contrary to popular, belief , there are quite a number of unattached Pi Phi’s running around. Just for the sake of the records and address books, some of the nice ones are Char Pirie, Jane Robinson, (The sweater girl of the Purdue Campus), Patty Moffit, and Pat Sten-
butg. Go get ’em, boys.
SAE Don Blue has found the
Zouaves
. . . tryouts for membership will, be held in the Armory Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. All ba.sic military students are eligible for mem-i be'rship.
DR. M. P. LORO dentist 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
sold ones at the. Union office before 6 o’clock tomorrow afternoon.'
FRIENDLY SERVICE Bonded Gas.and Oil T. & R. OIL GO., Inc.
Li.sten this oAmning to“Barrell of Fun” at 5:30 p.m; OA^er CBS. Charlie Euggles, star of the shoAV .goes to a masquerade party as Romeo, and finds himself involved Avith tAvo Juliets. Sounds like hilar-
ity, doesn’t it.
*^**’‘**"”’'*TTrr
HEALTHFULLY COOL LyUA
TODAY. - SAT.
2 HITS
Richard Arfen - Andy Devine — IN —
A Campus Classic "PELL MELL” COAT
'6
.98
'm mm$ THE UNivinsmr^nuB TitousEiit
This gabardine water repellent coat ill a 'must” in every girl’s wardrobe. Wear it as a raincoat or a toji coat. Concealed zipper fastening, two big patch pockets. In natural, aqua, powder blue and rose. Sizes 10 to 20. "Pell Mell” sold exclusively at
COATS-rSECOND FLOOR
TODAY Thru SATURDAY Sizzling Drama ’Mids) Dazzling Splendor]
ueSK with GmkBE.SmOERS 1
POPCOIN Ice Cream SandwicKes : Ice Gold Drinks ■— l-resh'Candy
M's Place —.OPEN — 8 A. Mito 10:30 P. M.
WENDY BARRIE Jonathan Hale
Paul Guilfoyle' Lin.da Hayesj AND'di-’:" '.
ALSO 'CAPT. MARVEL," Serial
Of tm mmmms MTicf^meoiOR A Poramowni Piciuro with Lynne Overmb ■ PHilip Reed y|, Katherine DeMille • Fritz Leiber 4; HEALTHFULLY COOL '
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Smal l-Town Wits Beat Biq-Town Tricky.
„„„ « , f MILDRED COLES WaUftM-llENRV . EMMA DUNN |/■/ FRANK JENKS.- ’iaYCEiBOMPTON ' BRADLEY-PAGE Basedon#/)© 'ScaHergoodBa/nes' storiosby CLARENCE BUDINGTON KELLAND
PLUS
A Night Club Where the Entertainment Is Death! A SHOT IN . THE DARK ' — with — WM. LUNDIGAN NAN WYNN
— COMING — The Film That Hit the Front Pages From Coast to Coast! ORSON WELLES as CITIZEN KANE
The "Sporting thing to woor this Fall/ with all those delightful new sults/ and casual clothes. ''Strap" up your troubles and have fun In this mlllt'ory model
Oiir Own Make It’s Richer It’s Smoother Chocolate or Vanilla Flavor Per Quart
There are two large moilerii Piggly Wiggly Stores on the West Side — 110 Northwestern Ave. 720 Northwestern Ave. WithLarge Parking Lot Open Every Night Until 8:00
V Hi
At
■-i H'f'yv
TT
V 0
AFride{y,JSfp!emb'er 19,1941
Pa.B.DUE EXP£i,N.Ejjt
9
Gri4fflen Prepare for fre^nan fitt fonmiTOW r, i' ’ft ^ M vis- r ^ rk ' i a^.. ^, j!W.. a.,.,.A.4 r|i..,.,.1.1.-.
Varsity Basibdilsrs Climax Di’iH WithlhtM^^^li
Varsity VViWs Up
Wiith Light Sicrfmin^&'Se^5ftm1cam$>Miit4Piaft^ .". L“|iraseiitifm
©QMtinsUiiig' tq'^di^play';Jl|||f^l^pmt;,aaidvdoggednqss Which, In Itess-Ade Stadium
h Spuds Sedapa ^ ^ Johnson
has highlighted very practice session thus far, the Riveter fodthdIers,yester4ay afternoop went throdgh their final extcnd^i'seri&inage, feefoye.,th6 .ajnnual frosh-varsity game tomorrow afternoon at RossrA'dq,Stadium. Only a comparatively
" A
^ weaker . u 4 ^ 4 ‘ -Burt Santo* una W Doan .ant *>r „ • rt'v' , ' Goabh Elward hafe not, as yet, IS- — the varsity'_^quad through a theavy ■ • ' - '
workout followod4by‘a'brief'inter- ' squadi gahl’e. Tfie <te4itt is 'hhlstered I I this yedr'by teU'letter
men. Outfielder yjlerfini'Gantz, ahd infielderd 'Wttlt Ctdk, H.^X. HoffIf man, >and ’’Foriiest '''MCOhffey are members Of the ' football ^team, while Don'Blarken will play basketball. The r’est of" the’lettermen are working out On the Intramural
t> field. . 1 Promising Sophs
Several , promising sophomores are among the shining lights now under! the -tutfelage Of ’ Doan and * Sanders. Hipp and Burgei are outfielders while Wright and Jones have shown up well in the infield. Jake Wargo, lanother sophomore, y has done some fine backstopping, and the Eivetei^s can expect some excellent work in this department. The Claseman brothers have ^formed la stellar battery coritbination on the field, while Petiick, another hurler has shown great promise. These last three boys are ^juniors who have transferred from other schools and have thiee years of eligibility ahead. The team is working out without
oduhteri so tke corrtpebition'fof teV-^s'tanding sophomore center Whom ery'4)0Siii<»i"iE‘ ktill /keen. Sjieoiftl' Elward plans to convert into emphasis'Wds .pla^edr yesterday on ^ wingman. 'pdlifehingi the "pkefedy'highly feffsc- d'aill Fellow tivejderial’attaek Whibh may prove Hay, who formerly starred at to»b& the> chief 1 ground gained for 'I'ebhnical high school of Indianapothe Boilermakers in ^;he approaeMpg life, stands six feet, three inches in season. height and is just five pounds shy ExchllePt Ovei-hedd'Prospects hf the two hundred pound mark. He “It appears that we have the hu- fine blocker land is very fast cleus for a good overhead attack” '*J®Spite his bulk, so the big fdllow were "the words expressed by El- become a valuable asset in the ward after watehing John Galvin, machine before long. Kenney Smock, Tony'Berto, <and Veterans Thick-As.Flies Bobby'Hajzyk reel off Several po- Regardless of this shift of Staelttent passes. ing to ehd, there seem to be no • On the receiving end of most of noticable weak spots on the squad, these heaves were the sticky-fin- Every position is well fortified with gerdd end candidates, namely Jim veterans and lettermen of proven Rush, LaVernKingy Bill Combs and worth. In addition, nearly a dozen Bill Shimer. These men were joined promising sophomores including last night by Ray Staelting, out- burly Barry l^ench, tackle; Bob Chester, Kenny Smock, and Prank
Meakim, halfbacks; John Andre-
the seiyices of their head coach or Fullback; and Bhb Johnson, a^ captain. The coach Dutch ’ Feh- center, are certain to see considerI'in^is engaged with the freshman action tomorrow and through-
football squad. This year the team (,nt the season.
A reoccurrence hf an old injury night before last to Wes Stevens, giant senioi; letterman, may deprive the team of his services for the initial tilt with Vanderbilt next
week.
Wes tore several ligaments in Ms left shoulder during the scrimmage Tuesday night and is definitely out of the freshman game tomorrow. The big fellow had been counted upon to see considerable action at the right guard spot. Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
plans to appoint game captains and elect a captain at the end of the
season.
HAMPTON —g Blissful proposal for day-in, day^iilfe&ipfiaflfohShip with bright fall tweeds. It's a COUEGEBRED ‘^softie’’ which means it’s light as laughter, sturdy as an oak; and cote as they come. In pin-puqqh suede with contrasting Calf piping and platform and lower-level heel mouhtqd to shave inches off the size of your foofi Sbud&L, ShoiL SECOND FLOOR
Wdrking out ipverytafternoon tin the ^^kimf'Ui^dilf*the/1^^ectft^^of Coaches Homer Allen and “Ho\^de” Wilkefeing'areibbth ltheyarsity> and freshman track squads. lAt present, head track Coach Herman Phillips is busy with his cross country team getting it in shape for its first meet against Illinois on Saturday, October 4, - I 1 ^ ' At a meeting of the combined squads *in the fieldhouse Wednesday, plaqs were formhlated for the fall practice season. They include the annual decathlon, which will be held in three weeks. The time elapse lUntil then'Will give the Tbinlies a good chance to get in condition. Both varsity and frosh track aspirants are eligible to compete in this vevefit, but to be eligible for point awards they must enter all events. , ' Coach Allen shid that the returning trdfcknlen Were in fair shape with regards to weight. The boys have not added too many pounds during the vacation, and Should not take long to get down to ruhfting form. The team will nedd good replacements to make up for the loss of Dave Rankin, Ed Holderman, and Jake Weber by graduation,'and for thedoss of some of last year's sophomores and juniors due to their not returning to Purdufe this fall. All prospective trackmen are welcome to come up to-the stadium and work out with the team, whether experienced or not. r.b.b. Sigma Deta Psi Students interested in passing the-Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, tests should be at the stadium next Tuesday afternoon and each Tuesday and Thursday thereafter. —Don Phillips
Thaw— Is the Time to Plant and Reseed Your Lawn We Specialize in Best Quality Lawn Seeds MOORE &KEMPLE HDW. CO. NoEth Side Square Phone 2577
Wtmm^wuwm& mm Youit uimnr mis
I ■ Courteey of Dartmouth ' ‘Jack-o-Lontern’*
!
A better method is to send it home regularly by Railway Express—and have it returned the same way. jj Our service is fast, sure—and convenient. Economical fates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns. Your choice of prepaid or collect charges. ‘ Just as convenient too, for 'most any shipment: Baggage, gifts, cake or a pet elephant. m
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AHt SERVICE
C7. Q. :
1165—-Gown. Extremely wide sweep, belted waist, V neeii, rosebud trim.
1245—-Paiama. Ovejr blouse, circular yoke, pouch pockets, piping trim, short sleeves.
Newly improved TRtQyEsSlltIPE with distibfc4i»«i46tjp'bafs and It run stop stitch. This long -wearing 'Rayon labric..remaii;is ‘lovely and lustrous after countless wearings and washings, needs no ironing. Fashions newest colors. Sues small, medium, large $1.95. IHIEME « WkNGERIN CO. 622-626 Main Street <
•Tt^y 'Berfo Hy -Ted Clark
This will tetrodfee Tony Betto, 182 pounds of junior-halfback and one of hhe Ino^t promising- ball earners on the 1941 Boilermaker football' machine. Berto wishes to emp'hasize that his name is Tony— not Anthony!'He comes to Purdue by way of Clinton, Where'he went in for baseball and track, aside from football. During his prep school days, Tony eroWded $he 10 second mark for the 100 yard dash and was an all-state ^haek in his junior and senior years. The phenomenal Billy Hillenbrand of lU, Owen “Dippy” Evans of Notre Dame and Bill Buffington, who plays a lot of fullback right here, where the other members of the all-state team when Tony was a senior. His brother Jim may come here next year. Jim is a senior at Clinton and like his brother is a halfback ^nd a trackster. Hreaks Precedent Tony shattered somethiirg of a family precedent when hq enrolled at the Riveter institution, for all of his family made their names at Indiana. An uncle, John Magnahosco, was graduated from lU with a brilliant athletic record arid is now head football and baseball coach
at Ball State.
Berto IS very optimistic about the approaching football season. In fact, he thinks Mai Elward and company will finish the campaign uttdefeated. And he insist that he and his mates Wiill bring the Old Oaken Bucket back from Bloomingtoh in November. An extra shot of “Boilermaker Spirit” IS the item that ‘will support a well-balanced ' Gold and Black giid team, in Tony’s opinion. 'He likes- popular music,- both swing ■and sweet, but that is as far as his musical interests go. His present favorite is “Blue Champagne” as recorded by Jimmy Dorsey. Like everyone else, Tony has a “pet gripe,” namely, athletes with extiemely “cocky” attitudes. Upon
Orchi4$. Sxnned^ ^ ' Probably no organization is as truly representative Cf ’Pnrdtle ihMii the great Boilwmahpr ban^ Which haa been ateadily^dsitig in preMiinenee 'duf ing the past 6everai‘ye£tts under the very Able leadersllip " “ Spots'Emrick. ^ ' Every afterrioidfi idntdwg the footbifll'season this'group <)# musicians drill from'4 p. -m. 'Until nearly 6':3(X)p. m. to master BbtlT the playfrigidnd -v^arching'tfechniques^hfch have made them famous wherever thejfl have appeared. ' / ■ * >• 'Bigi^est Ubid IBeif According'to Spots^'Emriek, “this year’s band will be the biggest 4Rid the best that we h^WeT8V^r,h£l4^” The maestro isn’t kidding. We watfehed yestei^Uys^drill,'fend mfCrflsO members were in the drill'session which was beingi-ooriducted ori the southiearKiof the three hole golf'courae west of Cary.Hall. ■ " ' 'V ' ' Last\year!the marching band. Which was'the’biggestvBolIermaSer band ever..asireihbled,. was coilipoSed OFlSh'in'iemBBrs.i’ffile 194l edition that will entertain patrons of the Bdilermaker-Vatiderbilt game a wehk from Saturday Will see'® smooth working organizatioif £f members, an amazing'increase o£<25over last year. ' ^ Tliyue 'ls> ^ Ladk'Of time to'organize before'the im'tial contest is mdre serions with the batid thamit js with the football team due to the fact that *90 of the band’s members are freshmen, many of whom have never playSd in a marchjng band before. '‘It took nearly four whole practices'to teach the freshmeri to know their right foot from their'lhff,” Emrick laughingly
-remaiflced.
None of- the intricate formations ’which give so much seeing pleasure between halves ’Of the foothdH games-have’ beehegiven attention as'^yet. We understand that they have a bevy of new formations which will be presented at this first grime. '• 'Big Drum Along The Wabash' That famous big Boilermaker drum which identifies the Boilermaker band arid 'attracts subh -attention ’wherever it is shown is at present in the repair"%liilp^aW'^i^glthe ai-^ival of a‘new head. It is very hard to find enoagh bulli in one-piece to cover the'huge frame. .Chicago^University-has theiorily dmmdn the world larger tfiUn’Pnrduq’s. Ibis one incM larger in diameter,' hot iS noif'as Wide as-lhe'Pordue drum and theiffeforeidoes nOt have as iiiUcMVMume. • Sunny ..Fuiiure » » . ’ ’ i All irt'^alljit Idbks lifee>£t grerityear foi^ the band. No definite annonnee'ment has beqn igade yet as to what trips the barid will make this year. We have ^eardHh’d^^nnual agitation from New York alnmni and from local band supporters hoping that thfe long hopOd-for frip'to-FOrdhata wilh materialize' tMs year. ' ’ v- > We’re alLfor itl ' ' ' , ' i, ^ 1 1 Sxtlramuicd Sdke&iil6s
PRATkENirY GOLF Swtemter^ 19^. 1941 -s Acacia— Robertson, vs Sigma Ghi—J. R. Myers, B Carson,-iH. Hv^aqn. '• Phi Kappa Tau—R. Read, 3. Marling, K Danton'; v^'Sifema Mu—Bud Ainsworth, B Canham, D. Lodge. Theta Xi-hB. Jones, B Mansfiddi -B. Meyers, va Phi Gaittma Delta—W A. Campbell, R K. -Gossett, "G 'O'Neil. Pi Kappa Phi—P.'Plhe, A Lairdi R 'Phrtel field, -vs 'Alpha Tau Omega—J. Seabright, L Giiftis, Ji VendblaSigma Pi-^-Jj Kirtz, "W. Klehfoth, 'B Nilson, vs SigSha Alpha Epsilon—F. Knulzen, B Stockhouhe, W Stantbn Alpha Chi Jftho—A. Arnold, H A. JKontz, iD W MacMillan, vS Alpha Sigma Phi— A C Jackson, J. C. Fox, JR> BrunnelneC. Alpha OamtaB ’ Hfio-iilh Ogifvie, V. Singleton,. D,. Liggett, vs Pi Kappa Alpha— D Bremmerniian, B Jones, S. Nuelzel. Phi Kapfla Phi-i-A Anderson; F G Belles, Swratman, vs< Laiithda" Chi Alpha— B Bowden, A. Hagelnan,' G ^uter Kappa Delta Hho—tJ Kuoh, G. Patterson, W TrombleyV vs Sigma Phi' Epsilon— L W Kitts, D J Forbes, W Stuart Kappa Sigma—R Burrows, F Kroft, E Reeves, vsi Betd Theta Pi—'Hoffman, Wiske, Wells Theta Ghi-^D Ochiltree, B. DVOTak, T. M„Shead, vs Tau Kappa Epsilon—S. Scott, C. Peterson, F Deal Tau Epsilon Phi—M Center, L. Greenstem, N Tulin, vs Sigma Alpha Mu—E. Lang, B Mendelson, E, Haphael Delta Chi—A Moms, J Allen,' B "Mangum, vs Triangle—J E Fant, R R Kraybill, R M Whitely Delta Tau Delta—J. Adamson, R Bailey, W Hiner, vs Phi Kappa—J. Parsons, B. Angemier,~Bouton. his graduation, Tony would like to coach or enter a sporting goods film. He is“in the Bhysical Education school, and rooms with John Galvin at Phi Kappa fraternity house.
All Campus Tennis Sr: tfjSd^i^ilcieBber 19 4:1^^ P4n. ,,, Jim Baldwin -vs Hop Dial. R. 6. Krayfail! Vs Dave Rodgers. Don Robirisdn Vs'W. F.. Hutchins ‘ or drajf hill. ‘iR.'W.i^lriiA-’vs'P.^tlwell^ ' iJbhn Harrisdn vs’J.'^E. Kreisie. E..P'.'Wells Vs Lewis Campbell. ' ^fflball ’FFidiy,' Sdpthsriher-19^
DIAMOND
4 Ward 24 9. 6 Triangle va Alpha, Sigmiv Phi. 6 Wtfrej-ai ' 7 Ward 33 vs Ward 8. 8 'Word 14 vs Ward 7. 9 'Wafd 10 Vs Ward 11.
Ward 32 vs Ward 26. Ward 2 vs "Ward 14.
Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Mall 2. Cary Hdll 3 vs Cary 3all 4,
Cary Hall 5 va Cary Hall 6 Cary-Hall 7 vs' Cary Hflll 8
Cary Hall 9 vS Cary Hall 10. Cary-Hall 11 va Cary Hall 12 Cary Hall 13 vs' Cary Hall 14.
WHEN COMES THE O^WN! and hunger loo, you'll find our chef still on the job. 4. f a I Open 6 a. m. to 11 p. m. Need We ‘Say More? 1 TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 University Street
Gymnast Club ... of 1939-40 will be re-organ-ized in the near future for the curlent year. All studelits who are interested in*'this activity, are requested to report for a' workout in the Apparatus Room of the Fieldhouse Gymnasium every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, between 4 and 6 p.m. Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
~C (ffl. LAFAYETTE y (RmioL LIBRARY LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c' PER OAi' " lOc WINIMU'-'
• Buy yourself The University Gab—a brand new LEE Wateri-Bloc* that costs only $5, You’re in one of the smoothest hats you ever wore (witli matching gabardine hand wd hriqi binding) . . « you’re in style with,your hat and in clover with the gals!
L£E HATS 358 Fifth Avenue, New York
v>^'»\R«g. U S. Pat. Off. V||| di
A ^mnll Eist of Re^^ular
Prices —
YardT'ey Shave BowL.".$1.00 Mennen Skin'Bnacer.. .39 finritt^SlmVe, tube.... .29
llhix.-Faeto]:f Pancake
Makeup 1.50 Vit^Bs J39 Jergen’s Lotion .39 Listertne .123 Coty Lipstick SO [pana Toothpaste ^9
Cashmere Bouquet Soap, 4. for
26
MVEKny IMKjlME
Next to Post Off km
305S#i*eSti'
mwMMRktMl‘5-ir^
PDBDITE EXPONENT
f f
v' \ 5 «
i7*i'f''*''i *“ 'mIh’ j f' 7 4 r
'i- /M'|i ' 'V' '‘' V'o-i
.. ,;«
Friday# SepfemHer 19# 194t,, 1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
w-'
u!rf
>,
% -.7
Ontlngr Club All students are invited to meeting o£ Purdue Outing Club Tuesday Seittoinber 23 Meet in tront 6£ AimorV at 6pm to hilcc to cabin I or picnic reservations call Ted Paikei 76271, dr Marjoiio
Ward 41111 before Monday
Exponent Sophomore Coeds Woik sched ule IS posted in office Please check and report on days assignel —ROSE rrcslimen Engineers Seating assign ments for engineering lectures to be held Eowlol Hail are posted neai the front
-W A KNAPP
M
^ -e S / r 1041 Ch t-ro n Inc K u r o f A n p
Ag Frosh To Picnic Harvard student Pays ^ Expenses As Fire-Eater
On Barbecued Beef
Reed B Dawson of Mount Vernon, 22
Barbecued beef will be the piece- N Y, is paying part of his college de-resistance for the annual barbe- expenses by acting as a "fire-eater ” cue for freshmen ag students to be He is a junioi at Haivaid and his held next Tuesday, Sept 23, when acts have made him a popular at210 fieshmen gaihci foi an evening tiaciion at Boston paities His spec-
of food, facts and fun Hoof and lalty is setting liie to his hands and rntnutc on liie ground flpoi rn Michael ^ 1 Golden Shops —^ knakp
Horn, honoiaiy animal husbandly letting the flames ciecp up his society, sponsois the event. aims ^ Associate Dean V C Fieeman “It leally only tickles,”, he said, will be in chaige of the gioup which “though most people think you are will start the piogram at the Live burning to death I do it all with
stock judging pavilion with a show chemicals ”
of the diffcicnt classes of livestock Swalldwing fiie, he said, is just so that the new comers may be- like breathing in warm air—if done
come familiar with what the Uni piopeily
veisity has in the way of livestock
for instructional purposes
Following the livestock show and short talk by Prof Frank G King, head of animal husbandry, the en
tire group will adjourn to the wood „ r. ® ^ . . 1 Novice Pistol Group Stu tent desirinp: to
ed pastille near the entiance to the rne m the first novice pistol group starting
airport whore the barbecued beef o^^^rirmoYy ^ow ""
will be finishing over a fire A mus real program will follow along with
tilks by J O Dunbar, president ^“Xcfw.ifbc'Sven
^ of the Hoof and Horn society. Prof
Ring and other s t r j
Notices
—BROWN
Mathematics Condition Examination Ex axnination to icnaovc condition in mnlh
Recitation build
ing on Saturday September 20 at 1 p m All studentfa with nicniovcl C Jsrade must
tike this exam since no othol exam will be room US of ,l^“man'^v'ou^ given this semester Students expecting to journUistic eXieiicnce rcquued raany w
take this cx im mist obtain permit at the loituiitics open
dcpnrtment o£ mathematics before Septem ber 18 —AYRES
-SNYDER
Scribners Picnic Sundaj September 21
4 30 pm in i.,iovc noiLh of stadium Military Code Classes Extra cmricuHr Cill Riegle at 36 04 bofoic Satmday noon
code instruction will bo conducted by the for re eivations Total cost will be 15 cents
mihtaiy deiaitmcnt again this year for
“Why don’t you let me cook the steaks m the house, Wilbur *?- They won’t be as glamoious, but they’ll taste as good ” Lana Turner
Ohio Sf'al'e Insfrucj-or Deisgns Sub Detector COLUMBUS, Ohio— (AGP)
possibility of locating “noiseless” week m October
submarines by a meteorite detector
1 J 1 Union Building Permanent Assignments designed by Ohio State university organizations wishing permanent rooms in
ofliipfitm s IS nnHpi investlp’ation bv the Memorial Union building will submit Aiiplane w.... tt « t-taxitt euucatois is unaet invesugatiun uy petitions to the Student Union 30 p m in room 303 of Union —HANK
any male students interested Announce ment of th° schedule will be made the last
livfnhni*
-BURKHART
Agriculturist Busines., Staff Short moot ing Monday September 22 at 4pm
oftice Be piompt
-ARVIDSON
Model Airplane Club There will bo a
meeting of the Id members of the Model
Cl lb bn lay S ptember IJ at
Canadian and American sources The detector s importance in creased following German claims of under water craft with sound proofed engines winch would de stioy the useiulness of standard hydrophones for locating subinai
ines
Social Scierit'isfs Surveyed For National Defense Job BERKELEY, Calif —(AGP)—A survey of social scientists men who nny be available as translators, in tcipicteis statisticans and lectui
petitions ..
Board before Friday Septembei 19 Please stite size of organization and reasons for requesting a permanent room ■—STAREK Roger Williams Club Annual fall picnic Saturday September 20 Meet it church at 1 30 p m total cost will be '’5 cents
—ARTMAN
Alpha Phi Omega All men going on ovc n gl t hike call me at 2618 for resorva t oi s iny even ng alt i six Me t in Swed I h lounge of the Ui n at 3 p m Salui d y Septeml or 20 Will r t an Sun 1 y inoiniig Anjone who tin piovide ti ms portation plcaso call D ck Alans t o089
—SIGLER
PA Sjstsm Owners Vnjone owning a PA system i bh i „ to s In t bids loi 12 II \ spo on 1 tei danccb m st do so by Eiulay Scpltnibti J to the 1 lA office
—LOPILKE
Cosmo Club d y Sti tui btr Union
13 II loom
Student Tutors in Mathematics St i Ici ts w 1 o ait corns t t n 1 s ho bh to do t I n„ in 1 h n I ts si 111 nvt th i n mos a I t 1 phont i i mb Tb at tl c in th
CIS in defense work, in under way dtiaiimtnt oCfic —atRib
at the Univoisitv of Crlifoinia When the biiivcy is completed President Robe t Gordon Spioul will place in the hands of the govern ment a complete record of the fac ulty men in the social sciences who will b° avrilable for dclcnbc work The survey is similar to one con duciod several months ago m the
physical science^
**|v.
Classilied
Ads
plays hei fust stiaight diamatic lole as Spencer Tiacy’s young fiancee in the M & M filimization ot Di Jekyll and Mr Hyde” which is coming to the scieen of the Lafayette this Sunday The pait also maiks Miss Tuinei’s tiist appeal ance in a costume role The actiess was last seen in “Ziegfeld Girl” in which she won M-G-M stardom
Los ria k an 1 1/tr ri ik i I otw n Cl n LI Ir and H J am b E 1 V 1 6 JI K i 1
ov rbharp ! lo Hall
Lost Horn rmmcl j:lasses and drivers 1 c 1 sc Sal Hy mornii p. Phone 8113 Room *^30 Typewriters—Ad 1 nt, machines all mal cs sold lent 1 icpau 1 id luichael Mm cot,!* H h and multiLT i| h w 1 k (o ic C J Ebtish fl ro Mam Phone 2 9 La ayette
You Made a "Swell" Choice when yoii chose Fnrdne as your school of learning. We hope you make anollier wise choice and select Crown Cleaiiing Service to care for your clothes. Crown Laundry riNE CLEANERS €IF FINE CLOTHES
in LIFE GLAMOUR YOUR CHARM VOGUE
~^'and smart too* Just the shoes the busy months ahead! Try tlicm i
Palais Roua
Shoo Departmeni' Owned and Operated by Ourselv^^ 413-17 Mam Street
GRIM ANE> BEAR IT
Stiidtiits Eligible for N Y A Inquire at Play lioi biisinc a fficc Fowler Hall ibout available N Y A robs in connection with diam itica ■—^CARMICHAEE Laboratory Then cr All persons inter csted in tiying out for Laboiatoiy Theater eitbci acting or erewb be at 1 owlcr Hall Satmday Septembei 20 in the Gitpn Room at 1 p m — SIDWDLL Lutheran Students There will be a so cial meeting of all the I utheian students at the Hoiy Trinity English Lutluian Cbureh fl9 Ndrth Ninth St at 7 30 I m Sunday Sept 21 —ANTAL Conditional Exams Examination for le movs 1 of C and I guides will bo given Sat inday beptembei 20 14 pm in Room 101 Civil rnginoeung Bull ling Pcrmitb
may bo obi lined in Room 102
—LOMMEL
Purdue Athletic Council Important meet mg futsday Sept 23 at 4 p m in the office of the Diiector of Athletics
—ADAMS
Purdue Agriculturist Freshman and ophomoies call out Wednesday Septem bei 21 All those intei csted in editoiial hiisinebb ind eicilation staffs report to
nt
7
Lir
f 1
4^ niOO Chctxo Times In* N U B U a PaV O f Att Res.
“It’s the finest tank outfit in the countiy. Senator—every driver is a foimer roadhog ”
Reception Christian Science Oiganiza tioi cordiaily welcomes all st Icnts inter ested in oui oiganizatio to a icception Sun 1 y September 21 at 3 30 I m n i om
o6a of the Union
-I OCKWOOD
Me ting at 1 30 pm
t t! e
KLLLAR
All Organized Women Meeting m St in ley C lie H ill at 1 p m lily bei I m ber 13 Imi oitaiil! FE Seniors Mass me I ng T eslay September ^13 4 i n in LL room 2 ) —KING FAO Sophomore Workers The folio v ng men rcpoit fl vikatlin I Iv S tombei 13 Alt r Iliic Mel le Sell \ 1 Green Ld i lb Allemang K bn 1 e^AHSON Radio Clul Aleeting in room 1 of EL 1 u Id I g I e 1 y Si temi i 3 t 7 i 1 p m Re hmentb ’ C me ne t tl v bi ensoi iiid the f Hows —KING
Get Your Parker Pen at
OWIiSilV BM STORE Acioss fiojii the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
fiURRyj S zo 7h. x9F
to get Walt Disney's
With the purchase of a bottle of PARKER
Qmnk CLEANS A PEN AS IT WRITES
I STOPS M-TWO THIRDS ^OF PEN TROUBLES
is^^koRIES ON
\PAPER
id'-
31%
^QUICKER
We might have known that such a swell offer would soon exhaust retaile s’ supplies, but we didn t dream it would happen so fast If you don t find any left at the firststore tryasecond But act without delay, to be safe And when you fill your pen with Parker Quink be sure to try it without a blotter See how fast xt dries ON PAPER—31% quicker than average of 4 others And see how beautifully your pen works—a Parker or ANY OTHER F or Quxn/c contains a secret agent that dissolves deposits left by pen clogging inks That 3 really why we created Quxn/c—to guard pens from sediment and gum that stop the flow QuxrxA will help keep your pen m your hands and out of repair shops To induce you to try xt, we are gxving Dxsney’s Song Book FREE when you buy Quxxx/c for 15 cents Better clip out this announcement as a reminder It 3 prob ably your last chance The Parker Pen Company, Janesville, Wisconsin
RICH,FULLBODIED, BRILLIANT COLORS
6 DUMBO Lyrics included
LookO t For Mr Stork
C yjunor B by M nc
I VL Seen Lvcrytl ng So f, of tie Bo stabo ts a 1->lotl rlavontcaby tl esc ai d oU er a itl ors
(£) Walt Disney I roducL ona S
Deuc Says: I Iia^ c sold Parker Pens for 33 years, and Iiave loiind tlicin salislaclory. H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
Planning and Economy is most important in these hard days STUDENTS of PURDUEs We hod you in m no wf on v/e plnnncd ouf Fall and Winior Buying and prepared our'^elvoj v itha uio t coxnf letc 1 rr ji Fine Young Men Suds, Overcoats, Top coats. Fingertips Raincoats Trousers and Sweaters in fact everything for Fall and V/mter //ear Wc hate to brag, but our judgment was right—we placed our Fall Order'’ very oail/ and therefore can avo you at least from 30% to 40 7o and. (^ominoL ^uhAsd^ Singer's Clothing Store
3rd and Columbia Sts.
Lafayette, Ind,
(Mbmium. Ssmisfidu “We were very lucky to get 200 pair of Senipi Cord pants—slide rule pocket and zipper fly.”
Extra Special
$3.48
224 Main Street
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
Firbl Store Across the Levee
■!*»
U|/