] ^
^fcfxcsJ-fefkfSYi
jN.aw^ SUlnibr Exponent Staffs Are Introduced To Readers in Edits
Ettabliihad 1889
9 '' Daily Since 1906
* fti •<*'!,%«& ;
Spring Eootitilfl
CropOf P&mf^ 'V‘ Boifermaker Players ,!
VpiMine 53, No. 152
West Lafayette, Indiana
Itn^vft Marefi 2f^ ’f|
m
Bliolf Cautions Senate PIA Hoyelly Dance pg|||j SunJay CoilVO To PrCSentAgo/nsfAbo/is/i/ngNYATnfealnre _ _ . ■ •• • n ii m. n ti
vidom As Theme Oratorio lo Music Hall At 3 P.M.
WMOH MEMY-60-MUNI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Dr. E. C. Elliott, speaking before the United States Senate yesteiday, told the legislative body that thousands of students would be forced to leave their colleges and universities this fall if the National Youth Administration were abolished. Abolish NYA CCC Dr. Elliott, with a group of educators and industrial employers, testified in opposition to a bill by Senator McKcllar (D., Tenn.), which would abolish the NYA and the Civilian Conseiwation Corps and shift their defense and war training activities to other agen-
cies.
In explaining that he was busy making the University a “part of the fighting strength of the nation,’’ Dr. Elliott testified that “In
“Victory” will be the theme of the PIA Novelty Dance which will be held tonight in both ballrooms of the Union from 8:30 to 11:30. The backdrop will aid in the caiTying out of this theme by showing the world-famous “V” with a draping effect. This backdrop will be the first of its kind to be tried here, differing from the usual vertical position of the drapes.
Ace Brigade
The music will be supplied by Ace Brigode and his Virginians. This band, although not well known on the campus, is well thought of by many local people because of its several appearances at local dances. Although the band has visited the
1 Activities Bureau Chooses Officers
iifans Confer With Wendell Willkie On Political Policies WASHINGTON, March 26.—One of the most significant political moves of the year took place very quietly in New York this week, when 17 members of the Republichn National Committee sat down to discuss future policy with Wendell Willkie. 'The meeting represented a new move to (1) get away from tlie isolationist leadership of Chairman Joe Martin, and (2) chart a future Jtepublican program of 100 per cent support for the war, coupled with mair-minded criticism of war inefficiency in Washington. The meeting was not called by ^ViJIjile bimself, but took place at the suggestion of various Republican leaders. They reported to him ^Ijat they were worried over the Republican party assuming an isolationist position; and that such a large number of Rcpubli- " eSfis 'ih Congress had voted Against every defense measure before our entrance into the war. They also said they TvantjDd to make sure that Republicans did not start a movement to do what the Republicans did . to Woodrow Wilson’s peace plans after the first World War. Finally, these 17 GOP National Committeemen reported to Willkie
this very critical period it would be campus before, this is the first apvery short-sighted to abandon ,thc pearance for the group this year.
Wartime Basis
n 14- ITU- 44-1 4 ■ t that Ace Brigode provides plenty of
President Elliott also explained , .
tt • , ii. words to go with hiS/inusic. The that the University and many other '
colleges in the country are now operating on a 12-month wartime ba-
Dept. Of Agriculture Sets April SMI As ■ Week
Woehike, Thompson Comprise Seniors Chosen By Board
United States Department of Agriculture has set the week of
Les Woehike and Lois Thompson wcic elected dii'cctor and executive respectively of the University Activities Bureau yesterday at the annual election of officers.
Junior" Officers
The juniors who wcie elected to office arc Bill Beckman, Dan Mc-
sis in order to speed up the graduation of trained men for the fighting forces and industry.' As a result, he said, many students who earned part of their school costs by work-
I featured vocalist is lovely Betty Day, who teally “sends” on the pop-
ular songs of the day.
Anything Goes
Anything goes in the way of dress, to a certain extent. Dancers may come in tails and tuxes or in
Exponent Business Staff To Hold Callout
” „ omce arc Bill Beckman, Dan Me- p /»■ ■ A e M W% A1 April 6 to 11 as mobilization week Kirnan, Janet Glatz, Charles Lynch, f Af Ij jrlC Af U M for every 4-H club in the nation, Jim Pecksok and Jackie Wells. * VIIU #41 ^ I ■ I la
according to an announcement received by the state 4-II club department. Every one of Indiana’s more than 50,000 club members and leaders were called upon today by Harry F. Ainsworth, state 4-H club
They will head the six committees of the bui’cau, which afe handbook, supervising the bureau’s contribution to the freshman bible; office for clerical and personnel work; interviewing; publicity; projects
ing in the summer would now need sweaters and saddles. Comfort and which is designed to focus atten-
the NYA aid of .jilO to $16 a month, enjoyment go with victory.
Senator McKellar and President All PIA members wijl be adElliott differed sharply when the mittod free. Non-membcis will be
University head protested that charged $1.10.
more than,100 students left school
1 . , . . . War Council clerical work, etc., and
leader, to join in this program
immediately upon hearing of the attack on Pearl Harbor. He said that most of these would have been qualified as commissioned officers or for important places in the war industries with only a few months
more study.
Wesley Group To Hold Novel Party Tonight In Foundation House Wesley Foundation penitentiary party will be held tonight at 8. The party, led by Paul Eckler, will be
held at the Foundation House at tus Rising, and Prof. Marion Wil116 Sheets St. loughby'will act as judges. A pi izo Students are to come diessed to of ten dollars will be awaided to
tion on what the 1,500,000 club members in the nation can do to
aid the wai effort. Food For Freedom
“Club members can and will render a very important service by in-
detei mining student
eligibility for activities. The director of the bureau determines its policy, and the executive carries out
this policy.
The Activities Bureau, originating as a branch of the Student Union, has as its geneial aim the
Stewart Chqoses Sohkts By Making Voice Records University Choir will present the oratorio, “Holy City,"' next Sunday afternoon at 3 in the Musical Hall. This Paltn Sunday program is another of the regular weekly musical ednvos sponsored by the Student War Council. Soloists for the musical production have been chosen by a , new and different method. Instead of the usual tryouts, Albert P. Stewart, director of the choir, made a recording of the voices of each of the aspirants, and
the soloists were chosen on the basis of the recordings. In ease any of the recordings was hot satisfactory, another cut was mad^ to assure the soloists of
an equal chance. Student Soloists
Soloists chosen for the convocation Sunday include Marvin Sinitti, tenor; Evelyn Shell, soprano; Rath Ralston, soprano; Janet Place, contralto; Betty Wedge, contralto; Bill Rothenberger; bass; Carolyn Wood, contralto; Alberta Schmadel, soprano; Marjoi’y Williamson, soprano; Molhe Harding, contralto; Wil-
.. . A r Kennedy, bass; and Willi&m the Exponent. Another phase of ,, . f
fhp rlllUo« nf n nnorl tCUOr.
Freshmen coeds interested in joining the Exponent business staff should appear at a callout to be held at 4 p. m. today in room 305 of the Union. Work on the business for staff consists of four general divisions. The first, layout work, is the drafting of the advertisements in the form in which they appear in
Students Must Submit Convo Designs Soon Students interested in submitting entries in the contest for new Uni-
versity convo jn-ograras should hand .sale oX defense bonds and stamps in ed the officers is composed of the
ci easing food production and then coordination of campus activities, prseiwing that food,” said Ains- The function of the bureau is to woith. “This is a part of their reg- keep a record of each individual stuular training in club work; there- dent in the University as far as his fore, the club members fit naturally activities are conccined. This is deinto our ‘Food for Freedom’ pro- signed to inteiest and inform stugram.’ ” dents about all campus activities. Recently club members in many Nine Campus Activities counties have started to aid in the The electoral board which sclect-
the duties of a freshman coed is the selling of the advertisement space. Coeds call upon all local firms and merchants who might be interested. The business staff also conducts surveys to determine campus trends. In the surveys a cross section of the student body is questioned for facts, figures and the future. Typing and letter writing round out the activities of the staff. For further information attend the
call out.
in their original drawings to the Puttering Shops bcfoie April 20. The contest is under the diiection of Bob Paiks, head of Puttering
Shops.
Ten Dollar Prize Mrs. K. Lark-Horovitz, Prof. Jus-
represciit some phase of pen life.
that they were pretty suie the Re- ^ pi'ize will be awarded to the per publicans would carry the House of criminal cosRepiesentatives next fall, but they anothei award will lie were concerned lest it be cai/iied by ^ladc to Ihe person in the most'suh-
Republican isolationists. The last attire,
thing they wanted, they said, was
a House of Representatives composed of Ham Fishes. The New York meeting also expressed dissati.sfaction over Autlior Clarence Buddinglon Kelland, now Republican publicity director, who, as one GOP leader expiessed it, “thinks he’s now chairman of the Republican National Comnlittee, but actually is just a baby in Joe Martin’s hands'.” Chief strategy discussed at the New York meeting was how to revamp party leadership along nonisolationist lines and the possibil(Bci- MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
The entertainment will consist of important events in a criminal lific.
the student cnteiing the most suitable design. A second prize of five
dollars will also bo given. The designs must be appropriate
to the Music Hall, and the text now on the present programs must be retained in the new designs. Samples of the programs may be ob-
rural sections; and they have heads of nine of the major activihclpcd in the collection of waste pa- tics on the campus. Any student per, scrap metals and othci mate- may petition for a junior or senior 1 job without having previously had Special Meetings any connection with the buieau. Special meetings of each club will Thus students who have been prombe held sometime during the mobili- inent in other activities may be zation week, at which time the club elected to a committee chairman’s members will listen to especially job or a directorship,
prepared radio programs on 4-H club work, and to speakers from their own ranks or from the state club office at the University. Every 4-II dull in the state is expected to take pari in this mohilizalion week progiam which will deal with the place of 4-11 club membeis in the vicloiy program.
A chain-gang will be conducted t.-,ined from the ruLteriiig Shopo
thiougliout the most interesting spots ill the community. All students are invited.^ Tonight's Staff staff for tonight’.s paper will be as follows: Night Editor, Ochiltree; Day Editor, Lauer; Issue Etlitor, Blackburn; Proof men, Skillnian, Shapiro, Fischer; Workers: Fischer, Kreiger; .funior Staff Workers: Iliiutcr, Pick-
ering.
the Union. Unlimited Number Of Entries A student may submit as many cntiies as he wishes so long as they are drawn in India ink on white illustration board 12x18 inches. Size, style, placement of typo to be used, and sample layout aie all to be indicated in pencil. All designs will be judged on the basis of , oiiginality, appropiiateiioss, good pioportioii and carelul drawing.
Coed Hours Coed hours for the Tommy Dorsey Dance Sat ui day night will be 12:30. A. W. S. Judicial Board
Cooperative Houses Will Hold Open House
PIA To Select Ward Chairmen, Officers At Election Tuesday All independent students are urged to vote at the coming Spring-
On Good Friday, April 3, the choir will present its last convocation program of the semester in the Music Hall at 8 p.m. William Kehnedy will be the featured soloist iji the “Seven Last Words of Chri^” which will be presented by the choir at that time. Other soloists participating in this concert in addition to the ones taking part in the “Holy City” are Charles Powell, Jim Chase, Alfred Hubert and
Ray Friend.
Concert Repeated — - -
This Good Friday concert will be repeated by the entire choir on Easter Sunday at the Broadwa;^ Methodist Church in Indianapolis. There will be no admission Charge for any of these peiXormanceS; arid although they are held primarily for the students and faculty, all ui-
I' ollowmg in the footsteps of terested are urged to attend. -
Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, which held a inealless banquet in the Union la^t night, the Gold Pepper pledges are planning a similar festivity in honor of active Gold
Peppers tonight.
This year Gold Peppers, activities honorary, is concerning itself with national defense as is being demonstrated by the illustrated signs hearing defense slogans which the pledges are carrying. To carry this
Gold Peppers Plan 'Vitamin Meal' Tonight
Midwestern Students To Gather At Regional Assembly Here Today College students from IllinoiSr Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and In-
elections of the Ihirdue Independent they are sponsor- diana will assemble on the camp^
T. Dorsey Wilf Feature Pied Pipers ^ f
At Tomorrow's Convocation, Mixer
By Frances Pershing
'romonow night the entire Union building will be closed except to those who will attend the Tommy Dorsey mixer fiom 9:30 until 11:30. Advanced ticket sales foi the dance ore being held in front of the Sweet Shop and at the West Desk of the
Union for $1:10.
"TjiciTWorl, Student Union Excc-
coopcralivc Mouses west of
Giant Stiect will hold theii aimiial open house Sunday March 29, from 3 to 5 p.m., according to Kenneth Ti uax, social oliaiiman of the SCA. All students and faculty members arc invited to visit the houses and
enjoy their hospitality.
The houses in this gioup aie An-
tigomsh, 15 University Street; Cir- quiremcnt
cle Pines, 226 South Grant Street;
Association to be held outside the west entrance to the South Ballroom of the Union next 'ruesday, March 31, from 7:30 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Candidates
Candidates for the diffeient offices are as follows: President, Dick Sleeper and Oscar Lapp!; vicepresident, Not man Augsburger and Jim Pecksok; secretaiy. Marguerite Young and Mabel Vaughn; treasurer, Jim Bray and Bert Squires. Ward chairmen will also be elected at this time. Any independent student may vote for them, but only PIA members arc allowed to vote for the association olRccrs.
No Active PIA
Although there will be no active PIA organization this summer, the incoming board will represent the iiulcpcndent students in University affairs. Some social activities will be offered for fhese students, however, without a membership re-
ing this “vitamin plus” banquet, today to attend the central regioOHl which will consist of vitumin pills convention of the National Studea^
Featured With T. D.’s orchestia Connie was boin with the name is Frank Sinatra, baritone smgei Yvonne Mane Ja Mais, but when who joined this bund in February, she went with Hariy James’ band, 1940, shoitly befoie Tommy Dorsey Harry decided “Connie Haines” came hero for the opening of the would be bettei—and that name has
new Union ballioom. With only a stayed with her.
yeai’s experience in the dance field The Pied Pipers, quartet with the Laimi, '405~~Statc Sti'cet; Knoa’lc' behind him, Frank started .specu- oichestra, has been organized since jq. Owen, 421 Uiiivcisity lating with audiences to see what 1937 when they weie featuied on gj;,RoJc-lulale 216 Waldronkind of singing- they liked best, the Camel prog-ram coming fiom shoemaker," 103 Russel Street',
utive in chaige uhnounced that within six months he was the talk Hollywood. While Doisey was in remaining houses will have when the few hundred tickets which of the music industiy and the dance California in’38 he heard the group y^^n open house two weeks
are being sold now are gone, there winning acclaim with his sing and asked them to appeal with Sunday Apiil 12. will be only a limited number left— unusual “romantic” style. him on a ladio broadcast fiom New to be sold immediately befoie the Female singei for the band Con- York. Afterwards the Pied Pipers dance. Fifty‘Cents worth of defense nie Haines didn’t waste any time in had to go back to Hollywood to stamps and a ticket must be pre- j.etting- into the limelight cither. In make several motion pictures; sented at the door for each couple, fjjyj; singing debut was made namely “Alexandci’s Ragtime not fifty cents woith of stamps foi yf fom' in Savannah, Band,” “Old Man River” and “Love each person, as was previously Georgia. At ten, sl}e sang on a com- and Kisses.” However in ’39, the
stated. meicial radio series in Jacksonville, “Pipers” joined the oiehestra of Scout Council at Chicago, will be gram, which will begin immediately The backdrop, foi “the biggc.st Florida, and has been singing pio- “that sentimental gentleman of on campus next Wednesday, April after 9:30 mass, dance of the year” will be three di- fessionally ever since. Joining- Dor- swing” permanently. 1, to talk to any women students Father Chapman will speak at the mcnsional. Maroon cambric foi ms sey’s band in April, 1940, Connie And Saturday at 7:30 p.m., Dor- who aic interested in professional conferences and will supervise the the backgiound, and set out fiom has always wanted to be in the show sey and all ot his band and novelty opportunities in Girl Scouting. She entire program. The closing conferthis is a dome with “Tommy Doi- business, and is “thrilled” with hei gi oups will give a convo in the Hall will speak at 4 p. m. in room 263 ence will be held at 3 p. m., and .soy” written on it. Bandstands aie success as acclaimed by the bun- of Music, followed by playing for of the Union, and individual inter- Holy Hour will be held from 4:30 made of red cellophane with large dieds of fan-mail letters she re- the legular weekly Mixer in the views may be arranged following to 5:30 p. m. Refreshments will be letters and T D on each one. ceives monthly. Union from 9:30 until 11:30. the meeting. served.
Girl Scout Representative To Talk To Coed Students
All Catholic Students Invited To Program At St. Mary's Church
All Catholic students are invited to attend a day of recollection program which will be held this Sunday in St. Maiy’s Catholic Church.
Miss Florence Otto, of the Girl Newman Club is sponsoring-the pro-
in the interest of decreasing consumption during the emergency. The banqqct will begin at the Women’s Gym this evening at 5:30. The coeds will carry out the theme by hiking to the WAA cabin to save the wear on rubber tires. Barbara Ford is in charge of securing the vitamin pills for the meal and Jeanne Patrick is planning- the entertainment, which will glorify the achievements of the active Gold
Peppers.
Professor Evans Of I. II. To Discuss Social Work
Professor Louis Evans
the training courses m social work at Indiana Univci-sity, will meet with all students interested in such work in room 105 of the Education Building on Friday, Apiil 3, at 4
p. m.
He will discuss the opportunities and possibilities of the work. More information may be obtained from Professor O. F. Hall in the Education Building. Dorsey Convocation •Adnushion to the Toiuiny Dorsey Coiivocutioii which will be held in the Music Hall from 7:3U until 9 Saturday evening will be by passport or season ticket only and must be accompanied by 50c worth of defense stamps for each person. Admission price for the Tommy Dorsey dance in the evening will be $1.10 plus 50 cents worth of defense stamps.
Federation of America. Over sev-* enty-five have ah'eady registered, for the three day meeting, and registration will continue from 9 a. nj. until 12 a. m. today in the Great
Hall of the Union. Evening Session
Bob Sebse, regional chairman of the organization, will lead a discussion this afternoon on “Students and National Affairs.” Anoth^li’ subject, “Stimulation of Student Organizations,” will be discussed at the evening session. President E. C. Elliott will speak at the banquet to be held tonight at 6 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. The program will continue
heail of through tomorrow and Sunday and
will feature many discussions on'a wide variety of subjects. Tomorrow afternoon a broadcast will lie presented over WBAA at whiel|t time members of the organieaiieh will explain its activities.
Eds, Coeds
Members of the association arfi the student governing bodies of the various universities, and the grauR represents over one-fifth of the'eop leges in the nation. Delegate’s wll{ lepiosent both men’s colleges end educational institutions, and thoY will bo housed in campus fraternity and sorority houses. This convention, sponsored bif the Student Senate, is the first SUCw „ meeting to he held on the Uhiv^sity campus. The Student Federation has its headquarters in New York City. Its purpose is: “To organize and Unite Campus Governing Groups.” Each year members of the federation hold meetings ^ this nature in order that they get together and discuss their Con#.'* mon problems, •
t
45m
'ft^ ^
W^:
prv<
*spf %>i< ww
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 27, 1942
■Sere Are The New
i^pbhetit Editors
Merry^So-Rdund... ‘Jjg^r Squad"
Radh feature
^iiiilliiil)iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii>iiiiitiiiiiiiiiiii)iiiiii>i>iiiiiiiilliiii"iiiii'|
This IS the time of jeai to intioduce the new officers of the Exponent, and, tiaditionally^ for the outgoing Olyminans to become sentimental for the fiist time in your yeais We shall avoid the lattei, but the intioductions may give the campus an idea of what to expect of then Exponent in the coming yeai J^hki F, Anms V Knowing John Amo^, the nen cditoi-in-clijief, we think that theie is a definite possibility that the editorial columns will be liberal and faii'-minded and always sympathetic towaid the undeidog We think that John’s feditonals yvill not be tiite stuff filled yvith nauseating cliches and Chambei-of-Com-merce meaningless phiases We think John is the soit of pel son yvho will be propelly skeptical of the happy-happy, haloed gioups on the campus yvho always want to do something, lust foi the sake of doing something, whethei those gioups be called Wai Council oi by some other ^lame Amos lived in Cleveland befoie he started to spend his winteis and summeis m West Lafayette, and woiks at being a chemical engineer m his spaie time The Exponent has been his principal couise of study, and he has vague notions about yy anting to yvolk on a chemical engineeiing tiade journal after graduation, if Geneial Heishey doesn’t mind Don T. Brophy Don Biophy, the Exponent’s neyv news editoi, comes to Puidue fiom Chicago, Illinois, yvhich IS aheady famous foi the Kelly-Nash machine and Colonel Robeit McCoimick’s Chicago Tribune. By some odd coincidence Brophy, like Amos is a chemical engineei, and betyveen them they yvill piobably see that this school is moie than adequately coyeied in the Exponent columns It will be up to Don to see each day that the dozen oi so oigani zations that think then stdiies late the light hand lead in the next days papei aie kept happy In addition to his Exponent duties Biophy IS piesident of Phi Kappa Sigma, a ^Catalyst dub membei, and has been a dis tinguished student foi thiee semesteis He yyants to eiitei leseaich and development woik on giaduation John H. Armstrong John Aimstiong, who will handle the Exponent’s happily numeious pioblem childien as managing editoi, ]ust looks like a peison would come fiom a town with a name like Canandaigua, N \ , and he does When John fiist came to woik foi the Exponent, night ed itois got into the habit oi looking at John’s ample auditoiy flaps and hay ing him wiite the “eais” (those little boxes at the top of the front page) But w e have since found out that Aimstrong is good foi quite a few othei things, foi between those eais is a spit of ab stract, objective intelligence that is not equalled as far a‘ we know at Puidu“ Uiiiveisity John has maintained some phenornmally high scholastic index, hitting 6 5 last semestei Brainpowei is high all the way aiound on this new staff, and toi puie intellect Aimstiong would be on the top shelf of any staff His joh on the Exponent will be one of peisonnel management, a job foi which his abil ity to obseive and analyze and his consideration foi otheis well fit him Besides spending about 30 houi s a week on
the Exponent, he has been able to crawl around the attic of the Mechanical Building foi long hours to yyoTk on the Purdue Model Railioad Incidentals aie his membei ship in Tail Beta Pi, Sigma Delta Chi, Pi Tau Sig'ma, and othei assoited honoiaiies
(Continued from page 1)
ity of a now ehaiiman when the National Committee meets m Apiil
Note —Wendell Willkie this
week gives a bluntly fiank mag a7ine interview i elating What he told Roosevelt about not seiving in the Admmisliattion although he would Cohtiniife support foi
Roosevelt’s foieign policies Ofd Age Arithitiefic
Stars Alumni
] scouTiii; mi ws |
I with Judy McCulloH'qh
i , . 1=
William Baithng, a giadiiate of the Umvoisity m 1938, is one 6f the pilots who make up^the “Tigti Squadion,” to be featured in a la dio broadcast ovei the Blue Net
William b. Millard
Bill Millaid, who has served duiing the past yeai as accounts manager, will take ov^er the duties of business manager Hetalso is a chemical engineer, which definitely gives the Exponent a chemical complex Bill, who lives m Wilmette, Illinois, is tall, blond, and quiet and IS one-hundred per cent efficient He is a distinguished student, a Catalyst,^and Reamer club membei
Heie aie som? levealmg figmes -woik at 9 30 p m tonight The on the aveiage ages oi U S cab piogram, “The Tigei Squadion” is met membeis duiing national cii a legulai bioadcast of the weekly ■5®® featuie, “j^Iatjih of Time’ Geoige Washington’s w ii cabinet 39 This souadlon of flyers has made Woodiow Wilson’s war cabinet 54 a name ^oi,. jtself in modem wai
faie Based on the fiont line in Biitish Biiima, they aie a gioup of American voliinteei pilots who daily 52 tiade blows with the Japanese m vaders Then leadei John “Scais
Theodoie Roosevelt’s cabinet P D Roosevelt’s Supicme
Court ^
r D Roosevelt’s wai cabinet Aveiage age of FDR’s foul wai
chiefs
EASIER TIME AM DE TIME FO’ . . • 1 emcmbi aiicc'—and Southivortli’s am de ptaco^ Coinpacls and novel costume jeweliy aic old standliys loi Eastei gifts — liut none the less appreCia^pd Ihen, loo, whht girl, yonfig oi youngei (im^|fhfng rnolhcis oi SWeetheaits) wouldn’t he thiillcd with hn altiactively packaged Eastei gift of Schiafft’s^wellJviiown candy2 In SouthwOrth’s downstaiis gift dhop I found a delightful selection of boudoii gifts, peisonalizcd cologne, and the luckiest liLllc comemence — a yam nest—foi knitteis. The distinctive scleition of Eastei greeting caids suggests another note ol icmcmbiUiKc which might well include the boys in scivicc
70
DeGaule Arrests Adfnirdl
Ken K, Gjemre The Exponent electoral board this year created a new office, assistant business manager m charge of circulation Ken Gjemre, a science student, was selected to fill this job because the board believed that he could like the Exponent’s “too little and too late” circulatiorr problems Ken graduated first in his class m high school in Grovertown and also won the best citizen award, but we won’t detract from his glory by mentioning the town’s population He attended military school in Tennessee after high school, and has been a distinguished student here at Puidue Employment yyill be no problem for him after graduation, since he is an ROTC offi,cei After the war he would like to go into newspaper work
Uncensoied diplomatic dispatches
dale Jack” Newkiik, was recently shot down in a raid on an enemy aiidiome William Baithng along
indicate that things aie not going ^'^h the othei “tiger pilots ’ have
accounted foi more than 300 Jap
well inside the Free Fiench organ
ization Admiial Museliei, head of planes during then attacks the Free Pieneh fleet, has actually Japanese held teiiitoiy and in been placed undei aiiest by General Japanese fighteis and
DeGaulle in London
General DeGaulle has his own barracks and headquarters in London and is given the evtia tenitorial status ot a foreign government Theiefore he can impiison any of hrs officers On British soil and the Biitish hare nothing to saj about it Thus Museliei is impiisoned in London So fii woid oi Admii il Muse liei s anest has not leaked out e\
bombei s
SPRUCE UP rOR SPRING ... and Ecastei, too, in an impeccably styled suit fiom Giiblpi’s For that casual welbdiesscd look may wc suggest fine solid-tone gabaitlines, fiew eoiel weaves, oi a smalt heiiingboiic gabardine in tan, giey oi, brown — thcv’ic indispensiblc foi Spilng^ Neutrals in pla^n oolois arc proving picdominant this season, while, the singlc-lneastcd style will undoubtedly rule And, incidentally, what with piom and sununei foimals in the offing, perhaps you’ve been wondeiing about last yearns tax not, lepivcnatc it with a smooth, white palm-beach tuxedo
Why coat 2
mouths about the $171,000 that taxpayers will be tapped foi to pay Congress’ travel bill—at 20 cents a mile Noi did they say one void about other lush giavy items such as Duffle boxes’ (tiunks iuiiiished iiee to Congiessmen foi then pa pels and peisonal efficts)—$3 500
WHAT’S 4 DICKIE.^ . . . '
This IS $500 moi e th in is bein^
cept to membeis oi the Fiee Fiench spe^t this fiscal jcii foi thu pin
fleet who aie lepoited to be up in
A blouse what ain’t' —but dickies certainly aic impoitant when it comes to accessorizing your Eastei suit Loob s (xhibit a vaiicty of the “abbieviatcd liloiiscs 111 cithci the lound neck or V-neck styles 1 hest lovable tubabh ’ shaik-skm and silk dickies (oinc in ])UH white oi pastel shades of yellow, pink
and lilue but, loi a bit of an ninovation the array includes a brilliant lid punt Vnolhci dicku novelty is the unique “tinee-in-one” wliieh consist-, ol tbici idpi-t ible eollais in ihiec diffeient oolois
Oiii lilt ions tom 1)11 alion is tost powdei liliie and yshitc
Ted Clark
Ted Claik is the boy who wanted to be an athlete and turned out to be a spoits editor It was piobably because he learned to lead and wiite at an eaily age, but Exponent lead eis yvill piobably agiee that it is all foi the best Ted comes liom Wilmington, Del, and his caieei fiom Wilmington High School to spoits editor of the Exponent has an almost Horatio Alger touch After high school, Ted made the remarkable discovery that he would need money to go to college and had to work at the DuPont plant for two veais to get it At Puidue Clark wanted to be a chemist, but soon dropped it for the Exponent. While on the daily, Clark has probably become bet ter acquainted with Puidue spoits figures than any editor since that other redhead, Rolte Jenkins Ted has opinions which he is not afraid to express, and it is doubttul it he will ever be able to put out a dull spoits page
aims 111 fact othei Dice Fiench nival offieeis hive seived noliee on DeGaulle Ih it unless Museliei is le leaded immediately the^ntiie Flee FiCnch fleet will join'jBie Biitish
N ivy
At piesent A.dmiial Auboin lu h is taken Admii il Museliei s place
Fiee slatioiieij—$92 600 This is one ol the vvoist gi ibs of all since membeis ean tike then allowanec in cash instead ol stitioneiy and most of them do I auiidrv—$9 000 an iiieiei e ol $)15s 01 iboi t 80 pc CL I i 1
Daily Health Service Report
Admii il Museliei i the min who J^e last app opiiation
oeeupied the Noith Atl uitie inslands I oldiiig loom expel scs S 0 oi St Picue Miquelon and biought 000 This is loi iokl n„ the speerhes down upon his herd i storm oi ot eon,,iessmin th it lie pin ted it ibu e il om Secietai y oi St ite Hull cost i the Go einment Punting He IS intensely pio lepubhc in and Olhee nd muled will out iny eo t this IS one oi the tiouble spots in at ill List yen ei imi lssioii il
bide the Fiee Fieneh oi ,ani/ilion Many 1 ree I rench leadtis be longed to 1 leiieli fascist gioups befoie the wai and DeGaulle hinisell luiei w is eonsikred am disciple ol demoeiaej Vluseliei on the othei hand not onlv w is an relent ichoeateol lepubliean isni but ^uiiounded hinisell with lepubliean offieeis Hus is lepoit ed to be why the DeGaulle clique tinallj stepped in and lemoved him Note —-DeGaulle & uneei t iin po sition toyeaid dcmoei ley is one 1 ig leason why he has nevei hid iny extensive lollowin fiom the mi s
2 000 \ hie 1 blit
1 i 1
il ml 111^, cost t ixpay c i s th jiocl et
goiuing sum oi 126 680 Out ol tow 11 new pipei---
This IS a licit little „i itt en ibh s membeis to keen oi politic il developni lit
home without Ik 11m., i ui hi si 1
seiiptions Iheniselvts
A.11 mail anti speei il delne ' stamps—v$21 900 I his h indoiit i ii addition to the fianl ing piivile e (topy light 1942 by United lei
true Sv ndie ite Ine )
Liliin Dei eh sop'iomne m home economies ind t I loisleig tieshinin en ineei eiitei 1 St Lli/abeth IIo'-)) t il list lue day for medic il lie itnient J L Xo 1 ind junior m the Silence School enteied Home Ho jntil nd Dons 1 ic! e in sophon ne m 1 Ji le e o noniie wa tin W P H iiliimiiy ruesd ly lVjai.,1 et ( Ihoin fieshm n m hi me ee i I es ii 1 P , \ it (11 lie hii ui 11 me i \ e 11 di th i e 1 I i 1 ^ U Mil
and Home Hospit-il lespectively ruc-'d v M W Hir.,ei sophomore in Lleetricil Ln ineeiing G W He /ek iieshman en.,meoi and D E Simpson Iieshman in Scicirec School wcie disehai,„ed f om St Elizabeth Hospital Wednesday Mai eh 25
FRIENDLY SERVICE Bonileel Gas and Oil
I T. & R. OIL CO., Iiic. I ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiir
PVIROM/! 1 M’GM M ADV! R1 rSi RS'
Alice Chat field The coed editor for the next semester is Alice Chatfield, who lives in an Oklahoma town that no one has ever heard o+ by the name of Bartlesville, she claims that she knows every membei ot the Bartlesville Oil eis baseball team by his fiist name even though she has only lived Ihcie one yeai Al ice IS one ol the best inloimed coeds on the campus with regard to what is happening in coed circles She is treasurer ot Chi Omega, a member of Delta Rho Kappa, and is a Gold Peppers pledge, she would like to be a teach ei attei graduation —n a o —^ 11
of the El eneh people Congressional Boodle Congiebs nevei his a shaipei eye for economy that at this ',e«''iop Lveiy non defense ippiopii tion is novbily seiutini/ed and piicd to tne bone—except loi ippiopri itions di rectly iftecting Con^iess \ tew diys igo the House viith out i mill mill ot eisbcit ]) is c I i )UKy bill loi ei)n.,ies loirl expens cs hieh le 11 no doubt th it tl e hi y s definite Iv do not belieye th it eeoii omv hoidd be^m at home Rcpi esentitn cs Mik'' Mom on ei ol Oklahoma an 1 othei s who hid ha' II „ued ag mist execs ‘-ne tiavel allowances in (he
T
Evetyflung for a College Educalton
DEAC’S
V" leuUuial Depiilintni s p piooiiition didn t open th ii
Placemenl For Wiimeii
A conterenee of college seniois and juniors (men and viomen) eoi eeining career opportunities in the y MCA lb to be held at the La s y MCA Chicago Illinois Apiil 24 and 25 The piogiam will consist ol a presentation ol the possibilities 111 this field biy geneial seeietaiies and others iollowed by gioup dis eussions and indiyidual counseling Any junioi oi senioi students who would be Intel ested m dttendm„ this conference should call the
Placement Seivice lor Women ('2955) immediitely for turther in toi m atl on Geoige Williams College offei s a summei progiam at College Camp on Lake Geneva Wisconsin toi hi^h school giaduates and univei sity lieshmen and sophomoies These students will engage in a work study piogiam and may earn boaid loom and tuition by yvoik ing at the camp ruither intorma tion may be obtained by calling the Placement Seiviee ioi Women (2955)
Classified Ads
Wanted I ull time stenoirrapher and grenerai office assistant Purdue back ground preferred Apply by letter Lx punent Box No 1
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
HlJRRy . HI RR4 L4Si TWO CAROLE LOMBARD S LATEST PICTURE
......jumods ficiflue t Sin CAROLE LOMBARD
JACK BENNY '%‘Seor
LHHA
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-.7 Lnfayctte Life Bldg
Today - Saturday 2 FIRST RUN HITS
td
THSia
« CHAEL VALER C
—Plus—
University Book Store
TODAY - TOMORROW
Typewriters Aiding Machine ill m ilccs all iG t I 1 pi icd and purchased Mime ograr h wOlk don 0 1 Lbcrblioll OOo M ii Laf lyctt Phoi e 2
St M u 1 : t bi Hii t 1 I c II 0 1
VV 1
Ilvih I bmiU
fijuJidusL. £xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
SAILOR SMEDLEY’S PIPE WAS DEADLY
but he’s out of the clot' house nowt
“SMELLS LIKE A DEAD WHALE'” H lied the C ipl im He i\ i il Ol tihi) 11(1' 1 he IN i\ y lilts mild iiitl lia^i mt loh u eo I )i pipes Piy ba W dlei Rdctgh ’
Faltered as second class matter at the post ofliee in Lalaiette Indiana undei the act ot Congitss of Mar^h 3 1879 and at the special late ot postage piovided tor in section 1101 act ot Oetobei i 1917 autlion/ed January 20 1922 Published daily exeepl Monday duiing the legulai aeademie yeai and weeklv during the sumnar Session Delneitd loealh by eaiiiei lor $3 50 pti yeai mail sub seriptions, $4 00
I ditur in ( hicf News Edilor MunaK'ni; J d tur
Jdm H ( oed Lditur
in 1 Ames I Brupl V Armstroni,
Dusine s Manager Absiblanl iiusinebb Manager bijorlb 1 dilor Al ce ghallicd
William « Millard iven II Crjeinre Ud eiuili
Publication Staff
Ldilurial Staff li W A V Hu Ur IJ V\ Spurlb Slalf D 1 H W K 1 ei ( (led Sfair Sal 11 1 ! till ing
Bj V 0 '
Hut/ w c 11 r It I 1 J
K 1 1 11 I
1 111 loll H
Business Staff
toed liubini s M in igtr lull i Vlarlii Adiertisiiif Man igtrs J M W ii(l t U (iriululiin Man igtr ( II Kl mo Attounis Man lire r J i I r ig lunn r ( ued M inagers 111 C I u k J i
Phones. Editorial and Busmeis, 4005. Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10PM, 5377
K 1 1 b 1 t d f in bei \ It I 1 11 id boi Al Iv
till! Iv 1 lib ng 1 N il I il A Iv 11 1 II ge 1 ul II li ra Repie ei tative I 0 \ 1 i N y
Nlclit Editor Baewiiikle
ItMiue Editor Vermilion
Staff For This Issue Oa> I ditor Beall Ktiiorleri HI llu n HI/ I ui 11 n 1> u II in Sportb I ditor IIimboii Hiss (I i tir
Tune in UNCLE WALTER’S DOG HOUSE Lveiy Wed uight—NliC Red Netwoik Piizcsfoi yom ‘ Doglloust ’ e\peiniHe^ J
. ^
■ T ' •'/iV. y « n ’?***^' '% i .'f:V'i '!?<?"t:| *5* ^’5'^ ■< *'’^ t'- ^ . -y ^
Q, /ivS V m' til '€
^f-'- 9 j i. i.i a^X r. c }k -v ik '1*. -.Ur ^ ( i ^ iRiveters Await St.
-i ^ !/^ ,' if ? L r 7..
;V,^> V'' sTCyl'-:?' '' r^’C
l^iriday, Marth 27, 1942
Soiterfriaker Gridmen Scrinimdg^/ Work On Fundamenfots tn ^cilrv
Handicapped by spiing lains and mud Coach Elmer 'Burnham’s charges ran through their usual spring practice and sciimmage yesterday. Some hard lunning and blocking were plainly m evidence as the varsmy pusnea tnrough the mud against the defensive. A large shaie of the haid lunning was done by sophomore ‘Cy’ Cycenas, an unfamiliar name thus far which may come to fame this fall. He cut through the red-shirt defensive several times foi many sizable gains. Smock Impressivh Also on the job doing some impressive lunning and spot passing was Kenny Smock, a notable in last season’s backfield. Although the absence of seveial of his old teammates, including such impicssives as Petty, Melton, Miller, Eossi, Timperman. Combs, Rush, and manj. others, will be felt this fall, such seasoned veterans as Bob Chestei, Fiancis Meakim, Fied Smeike,
Tony Bcito, and John Andretich will be on hand to take up where they left off. Alex Luego, junior, has steiiped into the center position in the pi6sent setup. Pete DeMaria, sophomore, and Dick Baiwcgen, freshman, two newcomeis have been woiking at guaid with Luego. Bariy French and Pinky Warren, vetei’hn tackles, and Bill Shimer and Foirest McCaffiy, old-time ends, complete the forward wall of the squad. New Backfield Dairell Bachman, fullback; Bob Haj/yk, half; Charles Platris, quaitei; and Heniy Stram, so fai unfamiliar names, have been doing woik in an all-new Rivetei backfield. There seems to be plenty of zip and steam in the boys and it looks as though the coming Boileimakei squad will pack plenty of punch. Whatever then opposition may be, they’ie aiming for the top.
IM Scbedules VOLLEYBALL The following fraternities will play volleyball at 7 Fiiday evening, March 27. This is the contest. The Champions will be determined tonight. Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Chi Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Sigma BASEBALL The following Caiy Hall teams will play baseball at 4T5 Fiiday evening. Diamond Cary Hall 1 vs Caiy Hall 14 1 Caiy Hall 2 vs Caiy Hall 13 2 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 12 3 Caiy Hall 4 vs Caiy Hall 11 4 Cary Hall 6 vs Caiy Hall 10 5 Caiy Hkll 6 v& Cary Hall 9 6 Cary Hall 7 vs Caiy Hall 8 7
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOU RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
Theta Tau
. . piofessional engineeiing fiateinity, wishes to announce the election and installation of the following officeis foi the coming yeai : James Vandoifoid, legeni, Roy Goers, vice-iegent; Ilalloid Knotts, scLibe; James Logan, ticasuiei; Rogci Hanenlviatt, House Managei; Robeit Isacke, maishall.
Dad’s PlacG so HANDY
POPCORN Gallon 15c BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cream Pint 20c Other flavors 17c pint
MAKE A HIT WITH HER!.
If there is that certain someone von want to J impress—bring her to THE GRILL for a complete liiiicheon. JM. PuhdujL TyismMmL UnmfL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Oolorailo Mml of lines Summer Session July 6-Sept. 2 Engineering Courses jMay Be Completed Equivalent to Half a Semester s Wor\ ChcmisU), Civil, ElccUical, Mec^nical, Petroleum Engineering; Destiipinc Gcomttii; Engiiieenng Diawing, Economics. English; Gcolog), Mallicnialics, Mining, Plnsics, Mculluig) Also rield Coniscs in Gcolog), Metalling), Mining Pcliolcum jSfay 23 to July 3, and Plane Sui\c)uig Ma) 23 lo July 3 and July 27 to Sept. 5 I oi fialhci mfoimalion viuc Director of the Summer Session Colorado School of Mines, Golden, Colo.
Easy to Follow —this Arthur Murray Step to Daintiness I
8:30 class or 8:30 date, guard your sweetness and charm the way Arthur Murray dancers do—^with yOdorono Cream. Non-greasy, non-gritty, gentle, no trouble to use—Odorono Cream ends perspiration annoyance for 1 to 3 days! Follow this easy Arthur Muriay step to daintiness— get Odorono Cream today! 10^, 39(1, 59fi sizes (plus tax). The Odorono Co , Inc New York
Pti§e 3
Trackmen ConcKtion For Spring Campaign On Harrier's Course
By Ed Wendell
With the first outdoor track meet against Michigan State two weeks distant, the Riveter track team has let up momentarily on their intensive drills and are just trying to keep in shape. The let up is not exactly a farewell to ti^aining, but is instead merely a change from the constant grind of training for a
specifiic event.
Instead of lunning lap after lap aiound the track in Ross-Ade Stadium, the trackmen are out ■'running the cross country course. To the average person this may not seem like a let up in tiaimng, but it IS a relief for the thinly clads to get out and run over hill and dale after a winter of circling the oval inside
the fieldhouse.
Besides providing a lespite for the Squad, lunnipg the ciqss country course is an excellent way of building up a lunners’ legs and wind. It gives them enduiance for those stretch diives when a runner must have that little extra something to put him across the finish line ahead of his opponent. Sports Notice All swimming lettermen should report to the pool in the Fieldhouse tonight at 4 p.m. for the election of next year’s captain.
GrtbuML JhjL (jdMsk. iBuduiL..,
^With Ted Ckrk Being A Hodgepodge Of Thilrgs Collected In Random Wanderings
Freddie Herr, wiry, diminutive free style man on Papenguth’s swimming team, seems to do everything with a zest. Last Saturday he set a new Indiana state swimming meet record in the 100 yard free style. He is a senior mechanical and a distinguished student. Wednesday he broke his arm and did a beautiful job of it . . . shattered it in a couple of places and has k few chipped bones floating about in his elbow. Fied had already made dates to go to dances tonight and tomorrow night before his 'accident. He Will keep both dates and go with the injitred arm encased rn steel, tape, gauze and whatevei else is necessaiy to hold the
flipper together.
Captain 'Ray Lucht, Dick Stettner and Gus Armstrong are just about set as one, two, three on Larry LaBree’s tennis teafti. The Other three positions itwolve a dogfight between Hd Wells, Bill Bond, Walt Dudzinski, Dave MacMillan and Dan Daley. Wills, MacMillan and Bond Were both on Chief Clevett’s squash team. The opening matcli will be with Butler two weeks from today. 'It will be played indoors in the Butler Fieldhouse. Captain Lucht is a senior and what With his job with Sinclair, will not be able to finish out the season. However, he may be able to drop in for some of the Big Ten matches and add strength to the unusually strong Boilermaker team that had its most successful campaign in history last spring. BEST CRACK OF THE WEEK DEPARTMENT: Hugh Fullerton, World Wide correspondent—“After Claik Sbaughnessy failed to catch on at Yale, lumor had it that the Blue would abandon big time collegiate football. Funny, we were under the impression that the New Haven institution threw in the towel on that scoi’e three yeais ago.” Stew Wolfe, eneigetic WBAA spoits man who airs the “Human Side of Spoi’ts,” informs the writer that he will have Buit Ingwersen, Big Ten Commissioner Major Griffith, Red Mackey, Don Hutson and Cecil Isbell as guests on his piogiam next Friday evening at 5:80. The annual Puidue football clinic will be on that day and the day following. Branch Rickey traded handy man Don Padgett off to Brooklyn last December . . . the place wheie all such misfits as Padgett finally wind up . . . and now Padgett will soon be ciiaitod and the wily Rickey will have to leimbuise Larry the Red to the extent of $25,000. After scheduling Great Lakes Naval Tiaming Station, Red Mackey IS attempting to add another seivice team to thf Boilermaker schedule He is, at present, dickeiing with Camp Shelby, Miss., Beinie Bierman’s Iowa Naval Base, Camp Knox of Louisville and a few otheis foi a Thanksgiving day game or peihaps the following Satniday.
Phi Kappa
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officeis J. F. Parsons, president; R. J. Scymanski, vice-president; J. F. Muellei, secietaiy; D M. Bouton, tieasurei; R V. Angeimeier and R V Gallogly, co-Rush chaiimen; E. L. Johnstone, stewaid; and J. P. Simons, pledge mastei.
University Church Group To Hold Parly Tomorrow Univeisity Piesbyteiian Chuich will hold an informal paity at 7:45 tomorrow night. Games will be followed by the serving of refieshinents. There will be no chaige foi the paity, and everyone is invited to come and ^1 mg friends.
Get Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
^ short cut to comfort!
JJERE ’S a very comfortable fact about Arrow shorts—tliat rear center seam has been eliminated by a special seamless crotch constructioijL which banishes riding, creeping, and chafing. Arrow shorts are cut roomy, hut not bulky. They are labeled Sanforized (fabric shrinkage less than 1%) and come in several styles and many patterns—some to match your shirts. A buy in comfort. Try Arrow shorts today!
IHDS PIRSPIRATJON
GIVES YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY
Buy Your ARROW SHlRTS at dtshMlpdL,
Fehring's Charges ' Face Strong Puma OMfH Here Moml^ With just three days remaining before the first home game, the Riveter nine is beginning to round out into top shape. Next Sunday^ afternoon the Pumas from gt. Joe College invade the Boilermaker domain for a three game aeries. St. Joe comes forward this year with a well balanced squad. Beside eight pitching candidates,^ the St. Joe nine Is backed hy twenty other hopefuls. The pitching ritaff of the Pumas is made up of a variety of different types of hurlers. Two Veterans Back Two veterans are back from last year. Mauri Gutgsell afid Bill Shine, the veterans, are expected to uphold the pitching qualities and they should be amply backed by Charles Hodge, James Beane, Merritt Schoder, A1 Wanis, Pat Hemon and John Mulen. Sehoder is one of the most promising pitchers. He has plen^ of smoke on the ball as does the veteran Shine. Besides a promising pitching staff, St. Joe has an airtight infield. Totigh In Field Coach Joe Deinhart has a hard infield combination to beat ■with Gil Hodge, playing third, Stan Lap^s, at second, veteran John Boyle, at fiist, and Frankie Staucet, at short. Staueet is one of these shorts who can go back either to the right or left. This makes it hard for the opposing team to get any Texas
leagueis.
The infield is also backed by newcomeis Ambrose Martel, Bob Verpaele, Tom Scollard and Leo Zande. Bill Gladen will again handle the major catching duties. He will be assisted by George Ellspermann and Beime Hoffman. Outfield AVide Open There are six likely candidates foi the outfield positions. The three posts will be handled by any of the following: Don Clark, Armand Ca-'^ minati, Bob Kelley, Stan Wisniewski, Paul Reichert and Bob Heiny. Due to bad weather the Riveters weie foiced indoors last night. Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s charges came into the Fieldhouse for a skull session.'Besides the training rules which were discussed, other bits of tactics were laid out. - First Indoor Meeting This was the first indoor meeting of the team. Signals .were planned and other formalities were discussed. The rules of the game were gone over. The rules for base running were also hashed over. With Hariy McFerran still on the invalid list the Boilermakers are handicapped at second base. Ed Cook has been looking plenty good on the keystone sack, but he still lacks expel lence as he is only a sophomore. The Boilermaker nine will practice outside again tonight unless hampered by bad weather. In cage of lain, the Riveters will go into the Fieldhouse to practice. Freshmen piactfte was called off last evening because of the mist. AIEE To Meetii^ WediK^ Gening AIEE will hold an open meeting next Wednesday nigM,,April 1, at 7.30 p. m. HI I'oom 139 of the EE building. Major T. B. Holliday liom Wiight Field, Dajfton, Ohio, will speak on “Electrical Equipment and Military Airei*aft.” Mpjoi Holiday graduated from the University in 1927 and took Rradnate work here for several years In the Physics department. . Wright Field is the electrical raseaich headquaiters of the Air Coi ps. In his talk Holliday wijl discuss electiical power problems pf the ail plane and how they are being solved. X, This talk should be of interest all engineers, and everyone interested is urged to attend. , Personnel Not^ — ■ ' ■ i ' The Petsonnel Office has infoYrasation concerning giaduate scholarships and fellowships at the following institutions , Coinell University, Evanston (III ) Township High School, Hprvaid Business School, Illinois Enstitiite of Technology, the Univqisity of Illinois, Indiana University, Iowa State College, the Univers^y ot Iowa, Kansas State College, U^i\oisity of Minnesota, Uiliversity Missoun, Pcmisylvama State CWlege, the University of Maryland, the University of Tozoqto, and l|ie Westinghouse Electiic and Manuiactuiing Company ^ These appointments cover the qntue field of technology, agiicultqre, and business administration, and tob stipends range up to $1,200. Ajiy student or staff member interested in details should come to the Porsouuel Office at once.-
n
ifi.* t<^
I ^ f ng' ^ f ''
V J
■5 )'"
«**
f*A‘
* '*'' ^ ' t * ^ t if •■ ’ ^ , -t H ''•i'" ^
4
Purdue Exponent
\/ *
Friday, March 27, 1942
WF ' f'
University Calendar
Chess Tourney Ends Society
Round One Tomorrow
Friday, March 27
Pu^t lound of the Intel-Fiatei
3 00 P M ■
-Regional Con\entu)n of National Student Pedeia tion
nity Chess touinament must be completed by tomoiiow The touinev IS the fiist to be held on this
4 30 PM 7 00 P M
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Diniiei Dance
7 30 P M—Intelfiatei nit'v Fellowship S 30 P M —P I A Dance 8 >0 P M —Alpha Chi Rho Dance
Botli Faeultv Lounges, Union Room 304 Union
Chujitei House Room :>07, Union Both Ballicorns, Union Chaptci House
What Goes On Here?
B> Bud 1 bci ts
“In like a lamb and out like a lion’ IS the peifect v\ae to dtsciibe the week ends of Mai eh Tins is the last of those e\ondeiful Fiiday and Satuidav nights foi this windv month, and foi the hi st time foi some while we aie hae in,, two name bands heie within two dais MGOH-’ Tonight the PI \ will sponsoi a dance foi its membcis and painv guests Ace Biigode will bung his well known Bellaio ihithm” to the Union ballioonis to add to the enioiment of dancing This is not a “diess’ affaii so call youi clean eis and tell them to send loui tails back So put on loui best sweatei and ‘ cleanest” saddle shoes and we’ll see lou at this dance which has been undei estimated b'v nlan^ MGOH’ Ivappa Sigma and Mpha Chi Rho fiateinities aie each having, a la elio elance tonight in then lespec tne houses The Alpha Chi dance will ha\e a theme of a Bioweiv Ball while the Kappa Sigs dance will be an open house affaii with evei'vone iin ited M’GOH ' 0\ei on ^latelnlt^ i ow the Sigma Alpha Epsilon liateinit^ has scheduled the onh foinial dance of this week end The M^abash Am bassadors will pla\ loi this dmnei dance at the SAE dinnei dance
WGOH’ Tomoiiow night the Univeisity has substituted Tommy Doisey in place of the beginning of spiing ya c ition In noi inal times we w ould be awaitin^ this day to begin the week leave but the entiie student body IS lust as eagei ly awaiting of the big bus with the name “Tommy Doisey and Band” painted in laige letteis fiom bump< i to bumpci It IS unnecessaiy to sa\ h( is iilaying toi a eonvo fiom 7 ’0 till 0 and foi an “open” mixei fiom 0 >0 to 11 30 Least we foi get each peison attend mg the eonvo will be lequiied to show a passpoit and fifty cents woith of defense stamps—and each couple attending the dance will need a 'pi 10 ticket and fifty cents woith of defnse stamps This is yoiii bi,^ chance to see the nation s second lankmg band m all types oi music WGOH ' In the futiiie we see a one blight spot—beginning Apiil b all ti esh men women will be allowed the leg ulai 11 0 dock houis foi week nights So do plenty ol studying and sleeping fiom now until then— and well see joii aiound'
campus and is to be a single elimi nation type Dining this fiist loiind each team enteis thiee men and each man plays one game The house that wins two out of thiee wins the match The winning house will leceiyc a ti ophy, and keys will be given to the niembeis ol the second place team Students should call John MLko\ 8444, to make fuithei en tiies The fiist louiid matches aie as iollows Theta Xi Sigma Nu, A1 lihaGniimi Rho Sigma Kappa, Tail Fpsilon Phi Tau Epsilon, Sig ma Pi Alpha Chi Rho, Delta Upsi Ion Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon Theta Tau, Sigma Alpha Mu Lambda Chi Alpha, Acacia Delta Chi, Sigma Chi Beta Theta Pi Kappa Sigma Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Kappa Kappa Delta Rho, Thet i Uhl Delta Tau Delta, Beta Sigma Psi Phi Kappa Tau
Will hold its annual elinnem next Wednesday night at 6 15 p m in the Home Economics Building The paity will be in honoi of Dean Fishei, fiist sponsor of the society, who will be the piincipal speakei Tickets may be obtained foi sixty cents fiom Can oil Coleman and
Heniy Witz
Cosmopaliisn Club* Meeting at 7 80 Trl* (Iny March Z7 in the West i ueulty juouiine of the Union Stuejent speakira
—KELLUR
■A Ph A Important meeting at 4 p m Fiiday March 27 in Room 311 of the Phar macy building Convention plans will be dfs cussed —GORDON
Exponent Staff TheW wllPbe a meeting of all newly elected jiihior ed and coed edi tors in the Exponent office Sntutdny March 28 at 1 30 pm It is important that you bo there —BROl’HY
^ .’f
Science Seniors All science senfOM wk'
hav( not cRllcd iit my office in the padb
lOicir
vTxek to nil out senior blanks arc reque^. to do so at onct —ENDEUS
Alpha Phi Omega Inteivlewing commit tees turn in names and reports to Bert Keek immediately —BREWER
Engineering Students There will be nn open meeting of the ASME next Tiiisdny Maich 31 at 7 30 p m in room 207 of the M E Biiildinj Johp A Diennel University patent attorney will s uak on Patent Law and its Relation to the Engineer ^ — lOPlNKA
Alpha I amhda Delta Initiation servifeit will be held at 8 n nt in room 282 of the Union Siihday Mdrch 29 All actives be there nt 7 80 Breakfast afterwards will be 46 cents —MacDONOLD
Scabbard and Blade Meeting nt 4 16 Frl day Apiil 3 in the Aimory to assign posts and wojk out details of Best Soldier con test Please be there You are needed —JACKSON
Notices
Episcopal Students Holy communion i\ Ham Sundav IVIarch 29 followed by break fast in Pariah House at St Johna Church —THORNTON
Westminster I oundatlon The foundation will huv( IK parties until hnater Aft cr PasU 1 at least two more social functions arc planned A roller fekatina: party is planned immcdnttlv nftti Faster and a picnic IS planned for the latter part of April —Cl ARK
Purdue riylpir Club Due to C A P* Navy dnv meet in Vincennes and Evans ville on Satuiday and Sunday. March 28 and 29 the scheduled air meet will be po'tt poned until April 12 Plana for the air meet will be discussed at the next rccrular mcclinK For information cUll Blrnhnrd ot Habicht —BERNHARD
PAC Impoitant meeting Wtdiiebday April 8 for election of (iFiceis All pnaent memleis and new seni r nianuKcrs pleahc ittend —ADAMS
Student War Council M ttinj? at 1 pm Sitiirday Maich 28 in the Student Senate olficc DIBOS
All Home Economics Students Plan to attend annual Omieron Nu Virj?inm C Mti idth Club dinner at (30 pm luesday March 81 in tht Homo Fconomics Cafe tcria Iicluts will be on sak at Home Eco nomies building office at Sordrity houses and residence halls for 50 cents —BLANK
(ntnlysl ( liib 1 lection of officers Wed nesddV April 1 ftt 7 10 Sutn list in Dr T( veils office and pick up a copy of the constitution before Fuesdav noon —YODLR
Condition Examinations* Exams in AM 21 and AM 22 will be Riven in room 110 lleuyilon Hall on Saturday, March 28 from 1 te> 4 Pcimits may be obtained In the main office of Heavilon Hall —POORMAN
PIA Members Dance scluduUd fe)r this Fiiday eveiuni. at 8 30 p m Will be held SMULLVn/
Union Workers All wirkem for Tommv Doisey Mixei meet nt 1 iO pm 1 i idav Maich 2 in the Uni n Office Be there - WORI
Senior Cadet Officers Sikii up immedi ateiy on advanced eoiirse bulUtin bond for Jippointmeiits to have pictures taken JOHNSON
WAA Has ball iiactiees held in W d neseiav ind I iiday March 25 and 27 Ihree practices aie reefuiied for inttamural
BAU( IIMAN
C E 21 Maktups Examination to retftove Card I (Trades in C L 21 (stroses) will he jrivtn in room 301 of the Civil Btlilditist Drom 1 4 p m Saturday March 28 Thise ftoh cerned contact me at onct —SONESON
riyinff Club Club keys have anived Any (ne wishlnj? theirs now may phone mi at 3053 —HABICHT
Freshman Coeds A nuetinu will le held I icbday March U it I U p m in the Ex p>nent office for all e cds who are inter ested in working e n the I \poncnt Present freshmen workeis aie mj eel attend ind bum? then friends CHATFIELD
Ceres PUdircs bee Weatleib for Ceies Bulletin us soon as possil 1 —WFAinLRS
PIA Board Members Banquet tickets aic fifty eentii - SUITNLR
Student Scnaic Mcetmi? will be held liusdnv M irch U t i 10 i m in t^he S n
rnffincer Staff All staff members nnel woikers rei (it t > th i ffiee nt 4 p m I rulav March for an important meetinj? Com r ilsorv attendance HAWKINS
ate olTiet Office is ml! be elected
As: Ld Society Anmul dinner at ( I) p m We inesday A ril 1 m the H m Lc nomies b ildii e lickets ma\ be (btaiiud from Cairoll Ce leman and Heni\ Wit/ foi (0 c It COIEMAN
SCA Ldiicationnl Chairman There %\i1i he an imp rtant meeting: luesday Maich 31 m the SCA riini at 4 ] ni —McCRARY
I raternitv Affairs C>fricc Chess Tourncj All first ifnnd m it h j suits must be re polled to the elliee ly Satuiday Mj rch 28 WII COX
Mixed Recreation
imH be held toni-,hl- in the Womens Gmii staitiiig at 7 30 p m Tilt cailj ])ait of the eve ning will he spent in plajiiig bad minton and the ubual spoits hut dancin„ will he taken up latci in the pio„iam All students desii mg to swim should bung then own suits Anyone intei ested is uiged to attend
^a&JtsA. SmeUdnsiMu
. AT ITS BEST
Crown Cleaning Service is your
“first aid” lor attractive clothes.
I I OciOK Laubdry
Top of the Hill
PRiTTt PERSONU
Fiaternity-crestcd bi’acdCts, lockets, necklaces, rings, and purses make excellent anniversary gifts.
Now that Spring is here—order your Swc;etheart pin from us. You’re sure to want one soon.
BALFOUR
FRATERNITY jEWELER
s^^s!mmico
FILTERED SMCIiCIi®
66 Baffle Filter retains flakes-slugs and whirl-cools smoke in Medico pipes, cigarette and cigar holders.
MY MOMMY
PETALSKIN* UNDIES
N^l^oato,
A SLIM SET of nicely fitted Petal skin Vest with adjustable shoulder straps and French panlie wide in the legs but trim in the waist '>1 00 each
A SEAMI ESS FRONT makes this brief undie of Pctalsl in extra flat fit ting Narrow elastic gives snug fit to the rounded legs An uplift bias com pictes the set SI 00 each
\ "BECAUSE YOU LOVE NICE THINGS'
Palais Roijal
DONE TOL' ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING I THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
ADVERTISING PAYS
CLASSIFIED AD
IN
Re J U 5 Pal Oif ce