3,500 Attend iiast Gcoicert Colivcjeation Mildn^ FeuCTinaim Fiitenam Entliusi^tic ■ ^uilimce;
Approximately 3,600 people comprised the audience that heard Pbldi Mildner, pianist, and Emanuel Feuermann, cellist, in joint recital in the Memorial Gymnasium last night at the final musical convocation of the year. Mr. Wolfgang Eebner accompanied Mr. Feuer-
mann.
MiH« Mildner.. gave a remarkable performance. The Stein piano upon which she was scheduled to play failed to arrive and she was obliged to play upon the piano from Fowler Hall. A cracked sounding board which was not completely mended in spite of the all-day efforts of a piano tuner, did not affect the quality of her efforts. Program . She opened the program with the Wanderer Fantasie by Schuitert, and later on in the program played two compositions of Ghopin, Nocturn in C Minor and Barcarolle. The final number on her part of the program was a Variation over a theme by Paganini written by Brahms. As an encore she played a Transcription of the Blue Danube written by Schultz Avler. Emanuel Feuermann with his “Sleeping Beauty” ’cello played like the master that he is, in spite of the audience’s insistance upon breaking into his music by applauding between movements of his first selection. Sonata in E Minor by Brahms. In the second group of his part of the program he played Prayer by Bloch, Spanish Dance by Granades, and Spinnleid, a very difficult piece, by Popper. When the audience insisted upon an encore he played a Scherzo by Klanger After the concert, the artists autographed programs for ' the many people who went backstage to talk to them, and also posed for photographs. An interesting fact about last night’s concert is that Poldi Mildner wore tiny bandages upon her left thumb and right forefinger. She stated that she wore these to protect digets made tender by her eight hours of pi’actice daily. ’
;Ifoirt phib'Naiiies New Officers Officers of the Horticulture club for the corning year wetd announced yesterday. They include: J. W. Townsendv pidsideut; L; -L. Morris, vice-president; 0. I. Sheets, secretary; Ri F, Purgeson; treasurer; and W. B. Fisher, forager. Approximately 60 students attended the meeting of the club Wednesday night in the Horticultural Buildiiig, Prof. E. E. Van Lone, of the animal husbandry de-. partment, addressed the club on “The Belation of Genetics to Horti-
culture.”
Self-Styled Genius Out-Paints pa Vinci With New Fountain Brushes
By M, G. Walther.
“I’m Papei the greatest artist of all times. Pm tfie inventor of the fountain paint brush. I’ll paint you a million dollar pbrtrait for fifty cents.” Thus began the gray-haired, shabbily dressed, eagle beaked man as he walked into the fraternity house. “At every college in the country Pve painted students.’’ At this point he exhibited his scrap book with .
Date Set For Soph Gotillion Skull And Crescent To Give Annual Dance On March 13 ' / The Sophomore Cotillion, annual social function of the sophomore class, will be held Friday night, March 13, from 9 to 1 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The dance is sponsor' ed by Skull and Crescent, national sophomore honorary for men. The committee has been working on plans for the affair for several weeks. Although no announcement concerning the band has been made yet, official reports indicate that the committee has been negotiating with several nationally prominent orchestras. Plans for decorations also have been completed and work upon them will be started at once by the Union staff.
Tickets
Tickets, priced at two dollars, will go on sale in a few days. No information concerning, the number of tickets to be sold was available. The committee is composed of W. K. Stallings, Delta Upsilon, chairman; E. H. Phelps, Phi Kappa Sigma, tickets; A. H. Foster, Sigma Phi Epsilon, publicity; S. J. Wuletich, Delta Upsilon, chaperones; W. F. Bailey, Sigma Nu, decorations; and N. S. Chapin, Sigma Chi, Banquet.
the names of all the students who had had the rare privilege of being pointed by this super-sUper master. Another book contained clippings from college dailies telling of his
yarns and his racket.
. . ./ Baron Munchausen “Why, I’ve painted pictures that are priceless gems. It would break a nation to buy them. A whole group of European kings stood outside of Bnckingham Palace in the rain until their crowns rusted w;aiting for me to paint them,’ went on the modern Baron Mimchausen. “King Alfonso hocked his
crown to pay me,
“During the war I was official staff portrait artist. I painted the great generals for magazine covers. I was in the intelligence service and . single-handed I captmred 6,000 Germans. I put twenty-two barrels of beer and fifteen dollars worth of Limburger cheese in the Argonne forest and when' the Germans came there, tied a rope around them and dragged them in.” “Now we’re all set. Sit down there while the genius goes into a trance,“ he said as one of the boys succumbed te his patter. “Boys, don’t forget, the Emperor of China crawled eight miles through a tunnel on his hands and knees to sit for me. It was my grandfather who had the Great Wall of China built so he could paint in peace. My grandfather wrote the book that
Remmers .To Address Ediication Association Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference at the University, will deliver two papers upon the invitation of the National Education association, when he attends the meeting of the department of superintendence of that group at St. Louis, Mo., February 23 to 27. The first paper, which will be given before the National Association of College Teachers of Education, is titled “College Teaching as Affected by Educational Research”, and the second, which will be given before the American Educational Research association, is headed “The Implications of Attitudes as Outcoihes of Education”.
Young Lawyers In Arms Against Prof unity As a protest against profanity and smutty stories, a society for the promotion of clean, decent speech has been organized at Creighton University law school, under the name of the PUSH ’EM
CLUB.
Suggested by Father Law, the club has as its sanction: “A strong arm push in the face for each smutty story or profane expression, this being doled put by members as well as non-members.” The club was formed under the reasons that profanity is an indica tion of limited vocabulary and that no educated person can have the time to waste on smutty stories.
Pupils Will Accompany Professor To Germany H. R. Boehninger, German in^ structor at the University of Wisconsin, is planning to take from fifteen to twenty-five students with him this summer when hp returns to his native land for thef first time in six years. Bicycles will provide the chief mode of locomotion as the group visits various points of interest. The group plans to make use of the Youth Hostels provided by the German government for the benefit of students traveling through the country. Among the points of interest the itinerary are Essen, in the Ruhr district, Cologne, the Black Forest, Heidleberg, the Friedrich shafen Zeppelin Works, Munich; Dresden, and Berlin.
Dean Matthews Speaks At Heme Ec Qiib Meeting Dean Mary L. Matthews of the School of Home Economics spoke at a banquet given by the Home Economics club of Indiana Uni versity held yesterday in Bloom ington. Her topic was “Colleges
Then and Now.”
Dean Potter Talks Before Four Engineering Societies Dean A. A. Potter addressed the
evening banquet of the annual joint meeting of four engineering societies which, was held recently in the Lincoln Hotel at Indianap olis. The combined convention included the Indiana Eagipeering Soctety, Indiana Section American Institute Electrical Engineers, Indiana Section American Society Civil Engineers and the Indianapo lis Section American Society Me-
chanical Engineers. ; - The joint meeting opened at
10:30 in the morning with business
sessions which continued until
o’clock in the afternoon when addi'esses were given by Ivan Jacks Public Service Company of Indianapolis; C. C. Knipmeyer, Terre Haute; and F. A; Cowan, engineer for the American Telephone arid
Telegraph company. New York.
Hanley Toastmaster
W. A. Hanley, University grad president of I. E. S. and chief gineer of the Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, was toastmaster at the evening banquet. Other speakers on the evening program Were Daniel W. Mead, consulting engi neer and professor emeritus of the University of Wisconsin, and Joe Rand Beckett, former state senator from Indianapolis. Prof. W. A Knapp, assistant dean of engineering at the University and secretary treasurer of the I. E. S. also at
tended the meeting.
King Solomon read to get all his
wisdom.”
DaYinci A Bum
“Don’t forget, I’m the greatest in the world. Michaelangelo, Da Vinci, and that; crew were a bunch of bums along side of me. Da Vinci took fourteen years to paint the Mona Lisa and I can do a better picture in ten minutes. There was one man in the 7th century who could paint eyes almost as well as I can, but he’s the only one. Whistler was so lousy that the only person, he couM get to' pose for him
was his mother.”
“Some years ago I did a sketch of- John Paul Jones, and it was me Who put the beard on Lincoln. Once when I was only five years old I picked up a pencil and drew a chicken, then I threw it in the wastebasket aiid it laid there. I ordered ham and eggs in a restaurant once and when I finished I took out one of my fountain paint brushes and painted the ham and eggs back on the plate. They put it in the window and sold R for $100,000. I won’t have my pictures in an art gallery until they build a new building for them. I’ve painted over 900,000 portraits in my life; they’re all million dollar pictures,” Pape the Great, continued. Going To Be Millionaire When I get my soldiers bonus of $760 in June I’m going my fountain paint brushes^ on the market and I’ll be a imllionaire.” He exhibited his patent for the brushes which Work on the same principle as a f oimtain i»en. The handle is filled with painty which runs out over the brush. “I’ve already got an option on the barn Joseph stored wheat in during the great famine. I’m going to uSe it to store my money in.” (Continued on page 3)
In Union Art Exhibit irhirty-fiye entries have beeii f ceived for the Student Union art exhibit, ten of the best of which will be submitted to the Big Ten aft exhibit, whicih is to be held in the tJniOn Building at loWa University from April 27 to Jday 4. The selections from the local exhibit will be made by Miss Hhurentza Schantz-Hansen, of the department of applied design, and M. L. Vallely,
manager Of the Union.
Anyone wishing to submit pieces Of art work may leave them at the Union desk until 4 o’clock today.
A G. PbiUips
400 Seniors AUied Mflk Sales Man-
Aces To Play At lU Ken EbershOff will take his Gold •and Black Aces to Bloomington tonight to play for the annual Washington’s Birthday Ball held in Alumni Hall in the Union building on the campus of Indiana University. This dance is one of the larger events of the year, being the opening affair of the spring social season.
NYA CHECKS
Checks for period ending on January 31 may now be obtained at cashier’s office. —BODDEN.
Steer Will. Talk At Speech Glinic A series of lectures haye been
organized by Mr. M. D. Steer, Director of the Speech Clinic, for the stutterers registered at the Speech Clinic. These talks will be given every Friday afternoon from 4 to 6 P. M. in room 3l0 at University Hall. The first meeting was bdi last Friday and at that time Mr. Steer discussed the history and theories of stuttering. Among the famous stutterers meiffioned were Charles Darwin, Charles Lamb, Mary II, Thorags Beckett, and Charles I of England. The treat ment for persons afflicted with stuttering was traced from the Middle Ages to the present day. This Friday Mr. Steer will discuss the theory of stuttering which is
practiced at the Purdue Clinic. It is the hope of the Speech Clin-
ic that all stutterers on the campus, regardless of whether they are registered at the clinic, will attend these talks. These talks are planned so that they will be of therapeutical value to the stutterer, and, therefore, it Will be of extreme value to those who are not being treated at the clinic this semester.
Dr. Robertson TalksTo Coeds Promiiient Aliismiiis Discpsses Experieiices In.CMiia Dr. C. H. Robertson, prominent University alumnus, addressed the Y. W. C. A. open meeting yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Robertson, who has spent 29 years in China doing Y. M. C. A. work, spoke on “Some Physical, Spiritual, and Intellectual Experiences in
China”.
“Big Robbie”, as he is better known, has lectured to nearly t-wo million Chinese in their native language, using science as his point of contact. His lecture tours took him over most of China, and his enormous audiences sometimes required the erection of special lecture halls From his variety of experiences he advised that effective study is derived from leisure study without worry but with conscientious “exposure/’ to the problem. “Not only will every day become a miracle to you, hm you will become a miracle to Ourself,” Dr. Robertson asserted. Following the address, tea was served, during which time Martha Wood played several piano selections. Jane Templeton, chairman of the public affairs committee, introduced the speaker, and Mildred Mills, chairman of the program committee, was in charge of the
meeting.
ployment Lecture
“A man is no stronger than his weakest characteristi<^', A. G. Phillips, sales manag^er of the AI-^ lied Mills, Inc., told approximately 400 seniors at the third University employment lecture yestei^y afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. Continuing his discussion of “What the Employer Expects of the Cbllege Graduate,” Phillips asserted the average employer does not expect the graduate to know everythiiig. “Rather”, he said, the employer expects the graduate to be so traincsi that he will be able to learn easily.” To verify his statemonts, Phillips read four letters from prominent industrial leaders Which he h&d questioned on the subject. In answer to the query, (’What, Would You Expect of A College Graduate in Youj Employ ?”, each of the four men stated that the ability to learn things and apply them is the most desired quality in employees.
Develop Personality
Phillips advised the seniors to develop the ability to get along with others, saying that one of the most essential traits in a business man is his ability to make and keep friends. He urged every senior to forget his collegiate achievements in activities when he enters the business world, stating that a mention of them likely would create antagonism' between the employee
and his felloW workers.
In urging the students to be courageous and have confidenee in themselves, Phillips asserted, “It is not the size of the dog in the fight that couts, but the size of
the fight in the dog.”
Phillips, a foi'mer member of the University agricultural staff, was introduced by Dean J. H. Skinner, of the school of agriculture.
PIA Holds Amateur Show Tryoiits Today Auditions for the P. I. A. Aaiateur Show will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union. The P. I. A. is presenting an Amateur Show to be given at a Union cafeteria variety hour on March 1. AH independent students are eligible to compete. Prizes of five dollars and two and one-^half dollars will be awarded to the winner and runner-up of the contest, to be judged by popular applause. Kenneth Reiner is in general charge.
Women’s Club Quilting . Section Holds Meeting The Purdue Women’s club quilt' ihg section No. 1 met at the home of Mrs. C. M. Packard yesterday afternoon. Mrs. H. I. Metzger was a guest of the group of which Mrs W. B. Noble is chairman. Refreshments were served to the members before they adjourned. Meetings of this group: are held on Thursday afternoon every second week.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Silver Mask, honorary fencing organization, under Prof. H. M. Kfutter, yesterday announced the i^itiatioh of seven new men. The new initiates are: J. S. McWilliams, ’38; W. Hi Reynolds, ’38; W. T. Hooper, ’37; V. W. Antucshko, ’38; L. C. Sellers, ’38; J. W. Seaborg, ’38.
ThresMiig Crew Ends Broadcasting Today Concluding a week’s broadcasting over stations WLS and WO WO, the Threshing Crew will present its final speakers today in a program .over WOWO. Beginning with music by the Singing Porters, E. R. Menefee will follow with a talk on “Selling Eggs on Grade”. J. H. Hilton, of the Dairy department, and J. R. Wiley, of the Animal Husbandry department, will speak respectively on “Eflacient Dairy Herd Management”, and “I Like
’Em Fat.”
J. J. Davis, entomologist, will conclude the hour program with “Bugs and Humbugs”. The program will begin at 11:15. It has been sponsored by the Agricultural Alumni Association and various cpnimercial companies.
Indiana University Will Show Series Of Four Sound Pictures . Movies of unusual merit may be shown on the campus of Indiana University in the near future, according to a recent report by the Daily Student, newspaper of the
university.
Ford L. Lemler, secretary of the Bureau of Visual Instruction at Indiana, has made I'equests to members of the faculty for a room or auditorium in a campus building, which would be attractive, accessible, and suitable for the showing of motion pictures. Tentative arrangements have already been made for a series of four sound picture programs for the current semester, Mr. Lemler said. Plans for a little theatee for movies at Indiana University were discussed last semester by B. S. Milligan, of the Motion Picture Guild, before members of the faculty. “As other universities have included motion pictures in their curriculum,” Mr. Milligan stated, “Indiana should take advantage of the educational films which never reach the Bloomington theatres.”
Rosemary Skinner, a transfer from Indiana University, has been selected for membership in the University Concert Choir. Miss Skinner’s appointment brings the choir’s total membership to 23.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alpha Gamma Rho announces the pledging of H. J. Zmk, Monticello, and C. E. Bryan, Culver.
FACULTY MEETING
Mildred Rhodes has been appointed accompanist for the Girls’ Glee club. She will succeed Mabel Grace Smith.
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, Feb. 24, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Prof Fools Class With 20th Century Pussde Austin, Texas,—.(ACP)—Did the 20th century begin Jan. 1, 1900,. or Jan. 1, 1901? A University of Texas professor baffled a class in Greek history with this question the other day. Half the class voted Jan. 1, 1900, while/the other half wouldn’t comment. ' The learned pedagogue finally told the boys and girls. “There’s no such thing as a zero year,” he said. “Did you ever stop to think of the year 1 A. D.? Now think about 100 A. D., and you’ll see only 99 years passed between Jan. 1, 1 A. D. and Jan. 1, 100 A. i).” Therefore, Jan. 1, IQl, is the date that marked the exact passing of I the first century after Christ, and I the 20th century began Jan. 1,1901.
<' .C SiH
MI
(iSlIfS
**»0i
I «Mi ' ' ,ia.’, "' /' The Pty&DUE iiimm*r>mmmmmllmi4miimi I'lm ii
ipipiljiiil
nil
t!i:|)e ^nrtiue Exponent
,Fi»iih4^ in 18S3
I'tt ■ pi I {L
::■■:■;■ 1686-1986 :'" , ■■. Member Associate Collegiate Press Distribufor of - . COIXEffilATEMGSSTV-- • - ■. ' '■ ' ■■ .,r.....,..;-; V' ..--■—;——^ MMnber of Kational College Press AsMciatioh, Bis Ten Editorial Association Exclnsiirely Representod by National AdrertlBin* Service, Inc, 426 BdadlBon Arenne, New York City ■ ,
Entered as second class matter at the liKiet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliyered by Biail, $8.60 per year: deliyered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by aingle copy, Z cents.
Easiness Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North FifOt Stowt
Editorint Phone S6$7
Daily Stademt Pablication of Pnrdiie UniTersity KBITOEIAL STAFF '■ ^
- V. Hei^
C; H. Campbell
Al. M. Chasteen, C. M. Hardin. W. T. Hunt, E' H. Morris^ M. G. Waltber .„..._.__....N. E. Hays D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood
Sditor-in-Chtef,. ManaKine Editor.. Aaseciate Editors.. Sports Editor;..
Associate Sports Editors - „
Sitohomore Assistants. .... .....K, A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester,
C. Harper, Jr.. R. P. Manion. C. L. Sadler,,R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Harz
Bold and Black Editor,..:— — —: —W. R. Abbott
Friday, February 21, 1936. Issue Editor—C. L, Sadler.
Pioneers And New Frontiers. The old frontier, that physical opportunity for expansion, has passed into oblivion and we have reached that _ point of
with restriction—the curbing' of production and labor—and represents a viewpoint of recession rather than advancement. But there are new frontiers, declares Ralph Flanders, former A. S. M. E. head, and the new field now open for development is the social frontier—the improvement of the ^standard of living. He discusses at length, from an industrialist’s viewpoint, his conception of the new social frontier in an article in the Mechamkal Emgimeer—a discussion that goes beyond the
scope of only engineers.
“Two courses are open to us. We can readjust our social, political, and industrial institutions to a future of iimited opportunities for men and for money, with a national outlook keyed down to safety as our objective, instead of the old purposeful advancement toward a better future. The alternative is that we find an equivalent for the lost frontier—an equivalent which will as effectively open new opportunities for men and for capital, and make it possible for us to retain our constructive national pliyschology.” Activities of the nation’s universities are so, closely related to the future welfare and advancement of the social frontier that we should turn to put on a parallel with Mr. Flanders’ article one that was written by Robert M. Hutchins, president of Chicago University. He struck the same note in a recent article when he wrote, “A university wants to train men to understand, to effect new combinations in old material, to exercise creative imagination, in a word, to THINK. ... The
selves to new situations; who are able to solve new problems;
who are able, in short, to use their heads.”
The two statements are so closely linked that they are inseparable. The one can only come as a follower to the other; the advancement of the social frontier much precede the realization of President Hutchins’ goal in education. The university might be aptly described as the battle ground of the new social frontier that will not be refered to in terms of restriction, but rather of advancement and development.
READERS*.OPINION The Exponent velcomes comments oi good taste and reasonable, length from its readers. Typewritten ariidea ere preferred. ■ 1-' - ' ..' ^ ^^— — Do Grades Mean Anything? ; V To the Editor: In last Friday’s Exponent appeared an editorial regarding the overemphasis that was being placed op grades at the present tiirie. Undoubtedly, the statements made in the article were very true; however, a few points have been overlooked. It must be remembered that a large number of companies who take men from colleges each year do place a great deal of emphasis on grades. They believe that grades are an indication of what the student will do after he begins work with them, and they have statistics to back this up. A few years ago the American Telephone and Telegraph Company did some research along this line, gathering conclusive evidence. The study involved 3,806 employees, all of whom were college graduates who had been with the company for a number of years. The employees were divided into four groups: those graduating in the upper tenth of their respec■tive classes; those graduating in the upper third, excluding the upper tenth; those in the middle third, and those in the lower third. An average of each group showed that after five years certain divisions did actually begin to be noticeable: the upper tenth showed rapid increases in salary, and each year brought a relatively larger increase. For the lowest group, although the individuals did receive small increases in salary, the rate of increase dropped as the years went by, and the ultimate wage was much lower. The averages of the two middle groups ranged proportionally. Dr. Hugh A. Smith, of the University of Wisconsin, recently made a somewhat similar study, involving a study of 1,800 graduates who had been out of college between fifteen and forty-five years. Instead of using income as a measure of success, Dr. Smith prepared a list of ninety-seven men from his list of 1,800, who were considered “the most worthy, successful or eminent”, and also prepared a list of the ninety-three who had the highest grades in college. When the lists were compared it was found that eighty-seven of the names appeared on both lists. From this it is evident that the man with high scholastic achievements has a greater chance of business or professional success than the less brilliant stu-
dent.
A similar study on a smaller scale was made here at Purdue a few years ago by one of the graduating classes in mechanical engineering. Seven years after graduation, the average salary of the men who had been members of Tau Beta Pi was six hundred dollars a year higher than the average for the class as a whole. We frequently heard the following statement,“Well, I’ve been making a failure so far, but I’ve turned over a new leaf and from now on—”. But how often does this individual turn over a new leaf and keep it turned? True, there are a few instances in which a student has been a failure at college and who has later made a marked success in some useful vocation, but these cases are comparatively few. Also, it is true that our present grading system has many faults; grades that are earned dishonestly give no coriiparisoh; however, business or ganizations that hire a large number of college graduates each year must have some sort of standard to go by, and although our present grading system is not perfect, it does provide an indication that is in the right direction more times than not.—C. M. H.
I’ni Hot tb th^ Pan SO I’ll j)An tiietn all; Suggestions Are wortih. a bMr Af Mars passes. Trot'-eiH in;. —^Sourgrapes Editor, Schodl-teacher-to-be Dietrich: “Wfiat <io those boys mean holding up two fingers?” ;«LOSTEDLOyE” My love has flown; he did nte- dirt. How come I know he were a flirt? He has come; he has went. He has left r all alone. How could it were? —Dope E. “Carmita” Friend: “Riley Shuttleworth is wAy aheAd of me in this love making scene.” —which speaks weL for Powerhouse O’MarA. One of, Martin’s professors suggests that the Prom be called tbe ‘^Clod Hopper’s Clog” this year. Pedagogically speaking .. . not bad. SHE’S GOT SOMETHING , “Hagie” took exactly two hours; forty-three minutes, and thirty seconds to drive “Circe” Reisner home. —what is it ? ? ? ? ? A fussy old lady was protesting to a Greyhound Bus Driver About the slowness of said vehicle. “Why,” she said, “you stop at every telegraph post.” “Sorry, madam, but you know this is a Greyhound Bus.” Don Kimmel has at last reached a long sought for goal. His appearance last night with other famous artists on the concert stage proved A sparkling debut. Dedicated to those annoying creatures who reAd copy over your shoulder: From long descriptions I have heard I guess this creature is a bird. I’ve nothing else of him to say. Except I . wish he’d go away. —Files for occasions. The girls at the Theta house are planning big things for Phi-sigh Seward, All American-Sofa-Coast-
er.
Word of warning: A highly developed spy system will be watching every move at the dance tonite.
mmmimmmim
CO-EDlT$
Today women can AfFer no excuse for not being attractive, unless the excuse be laziness. If the least effort is put forth one can find the solution to her beauty problems. Every day we are exposed to arr tieles in Ue:Wspapiers,:mAga?ines;Afid: Advertisiemehts ; t^ give ; belpful' bints on; beautri M makers of cosmetics offer freie advice ori personAl problems in beauty.
Our attention has been OAlIed to A new magazine -^bieh contains only material on beauty. Beauty Quest is exclusively a woman’s magazine. The material presented is straight to the point, and one doesn’t bAve to read lengthy articles in order to gather aUy facts. All products advertised in this publication are backed by the magazine.
Helena Rubinstein, in her series of articles from The Beauty School, gives Us the following advice on Hair Health:
“It is strange how little we actually know about those things which are nearest to us. Our hair, for example, remains a great mystery to some women all their lives. Why it looks nice on some days, and dull on others; why^ it is soft and: fine or course and brittle; why it falls out or grows more luxuriant—these are matters few women know about. Yet beautiful hair is one of the greatest assets a woman can have. ‘Crowning glory’ may sound a little too extravagant as a description— but think how unattractive we would look if we were bald!
NOTIGES No notices accepted after S p..Bi.
Mixed Recreation—^The Women’s Gymnasium will be open this evening for men and women. —BRADY
Animal Husbandry Club—^Will the following men please meet in room 203 Ag. Hall: R. H. Parkinson, J. M. Bowmar, W. M. Clary, C. S. Dixon, W. E. White Elijah, W. F. Justice, T. K. Parkison, H. N. Wody, W. A. Lewke, B. C. Rush, S. M. Gregory—DENNIS
Virginia C. Meredith Club^Meeting at 4' o’clock today in Home Economics auditorium. —ATKINS
Purdue Glider Club—Tow. car committee: Farewell, O’Neal, Congdon, Coupland, Wood, meet in Union today at 4. —WOOD
Co-ed Volleyballclassy today at 4.
-General practise for all —SCUDDER
Union Workers—Will my committee pleye meet iii the sub-basement of the Union building today at 4. —O’HAVER
Union Workers—Will my committee please meet in the sub-basement of the Union today at 4. —SHOEMAKER
Union Workers—Will my committee please meet in the Union oflSce today at 4. —KUEHN
Glider Club—Coveralls with glider seal are to be ordered at 6 today. Give your order in before then. . —WILTSHIRE
Women’s Pan D^nce—All tickets and money should be in at the Union desk by noon today. —SCHAAF
Spring Football Candidates—Check out equipment and start working out Monday. February 24 at judging pavilion on Ag campus. Backs, ends, and centers report Monday and Tuyday, guards and tackles Wednesday and Thursday. —MACKEY
Fraternity Athletic Managers — Have your relay teams work out afternoons on the gym track. There will be a man there with a stop watch and batons for you, —HAMILTON Descriptive Geometry--Bxaminations for the removal of conditions and incompletes will be held tomorrow from 1 to 4. Arrangements should be made with me at once. —PORSCH
English Examinations—For the removal of conditions in English will be held on Saturday, March 14, at 1 in Room 301, University Hall. Attention is called to the voluntary classes now being conducted for students who have conditions in English I and 31 in Room 813 Ryltatlon Building. These clyses are as follows: Spellingeach Tuesday at 4 o’clock; Grammar and punctuation^—each Wednesday at 4 o’clock ; Theme-writing—each Friday at 4 o’clock, —CREEK
“The facts about the hair are really very easy to understand. It is produced and sustained by fat combustion within us. When we are low in vitality and health, therefore, our hair does not look as well as it should. When we are healthy, happy and vigorous, our hair is at its best.
“Each hair is held in a little cupshaped hollow in the scalp. This follicle is equipped with tiny
muscles. When you ate nervous, cold, or frightened, the muscles Contract and hold the Hair tightly. When you are warm, or exorcising, the muscles relax. Exposure to Sudden changes from heat to cold, and from cold to heat, keep these muscles working, overtime, and like elastic .that is used too many times, they, finally lose their snap. Then your hair really falls out in earnest, the follicle may fill up "with fat, and become inactive. “To exercise muscles of the follicle, brush your hair frequently-^ always pulling up from the scalp, keep them ; toned bj^ riassAgeii ;As: well; but handle the scalp ^ntly. And of cOursei, keep ybur hAir clcAh; so thAt nAtural oils in iyour scalp can give your hair lustre and gloss. A hot, balsAm oil champoo vvill give your hair a lovely soft gleam. Yet it takes no longer than an ordinary shampoo!”—j. j.
lim.i.1 .1
„ Clinic 'I > ttdBBRV C. BlStt BAl^l^^RISK 4tt0 Schultz Bldff. Fhoiw 6781 Garnet 4th and Main
iiliif "■ ||||
—si— “
saturi;
Satisfy both ybur appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. Lafayette
^-and:- >■ .:::hoot GIBSON'in:.; . “Clearing the. Range” , '.also:',"" “Adyentures pf . Rex and Rinty’-; MIDNIGHT show SATURDAY
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
The Eleven Essential ■ Minerals in Yonth Bread and What They Do CALCIUM . . . Tones up sagging muscles and builds teeth. ■ PHOSPHORUS .. . . Builds' skin cells. IRON . . . Gives the skin a youthful bloom. SULPHUR . . . Beautifies the, skin and hair. MAGNESIUM . . . Clears the complexion. COPPER . . . Builds rich blood. SODIUM . , . Neutralizes stonlach acids. IODINE . . . Regulates thyroid glands. CHLORINE \ . . Cleanses body cells. POTASSIUM ... Builds muscles—tones eyes. MAGNESIUM . . . Keeps nerves normal.
This bread is manufactured exclusively by us. Have you tried it?
GRAVEIS BakeryPlilppiiiSt [E Purdue
Exponent
^ 4-
WM.
Three Military Boxers Fight Way Into Finals Three military boxers fought their way into the finals of the R. 0. T. C. tourney last night. These three who will join the remainder of the finalists who will exchange blows at the Corp Day exercises on Tuesday are Martin and Forberger, Battery H3, and Moses, Battery F2. Martin fights under the 145 pound class, while the other two men are battling under the 160 pound division.
SELF-STYLED— (Continued from page 1) “I’ll make my own paint because nobody in the world can make it to suit me. If there’s anything you don’t understand in this picture I’m doing, it’s art. I tried a million times to make a mistake but I couldn’t do it so I gave my eraser away.” He’s Great “I’m great. I wrote two books on how to conquer the world, gave one to Hitler, and one to Mussolini, because I didn’t have time to do it myself. But you don’t feel any dif: ferent when you’re great.” “The reason you haven’t seen anything about me in the papers is because William Randolph Hearst said they didn’t have type big enough to do me justice.” “The greatest in the world have begged me to do them,” our genius went on. In fact he went on and on and on. “Two Goulds and three Vanderbilts froze their ears standing in line waiting for me.” He had finished his work. If what we couldn’t see in his picture was art, what an artist he is. But as an entertainer he’s worth far more than his fifty cents fee.
Holders Tomorrow Evening By Bob Walpole. Purdue’s fast-moving hardwood five, preparing for the final drive to another Big Ten championship, will meet Northwestern’s Wildcats in a return game at Evanston tomorrow nigh€ The Boilermakers, with eight straight conference victories to their credit, must face four strong foes between now and Mgrch 7, Led by Captain Bob Kessler, secohd ranldtt# hilih sc<^^ the Big Ten, the Old Gold and Black five will endeavor to keep; their perfect record clear, While the Wildcats WiU seek to stop the hard-hitting loOal quintet from the banks of the Wabash that has been shOvning the others how basketball should be played. Northwestern took a tough one on the chin last Monday when they dropped a one point loss to Illinois, 39 to 38, and after the defeat at the hands of Purdue last week, the Pbrple aggregation will be on their toes to get back on the winning
trail.
Kessler’s Chance Bob Kessler Will have his chance tomorrow night to jump into the scoring lead that has been held by the Maroon ace. Bill Haarlow, most of this season. Kes is now only two points short of the Chicago captain and has played one less game In the eight games played this season. Bob has scored an even hundred points, leading the league in total scored field goals. Jewell Young, Kessler’s capable running mate, is in fifth position for the Scoring lead, and should he have his scoring eye again tomorrow evening, will easily jump ahead of Whitlinger and Thomas, Ohio State’s contribption to the high scoring column. Then Comes Gophers Following the Wildcat engagement tomorrow, the Boilermakers will play host to Minnesota at the Jefferson high School gymnasium on Monday, The Gophers, it Will be remembered, gave Purdue one of its hardest games two Weeks ago at Minneapolis. For thirty-five minutes, the Gophers clung onto the heels of the smooth working Boilermaker machine, only to fold up in the closing minutes of play. Next week Iowa will be the guest of the Old Gold and Black basketball stylists here, and the 1936-36 season will close when the Lambertmen meet MicMgra at Am bor on March 7.
'4 '4 .f., 4. ,4. 4. BASKETBALL 4- -f 4- -f. 4> -f
Today
Court 1, Fields 7:00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon “A”. 7:1&—Ward 11-A vs, V^ard 4. 8:25—Ward 2 vs. Ward ll-B. Court 2, Hutt 7:00—First Floor North vs. Second Floor East. 7:15—^First Floor East vs. Third Floor North. 8 :26-iSe<;ohd Flbor North ys. Third -Floor Easi^,, ' ■':Court;i3, Scrivndr ^ 7i00—Ward il-C^SK Ward lO, 7:i6-^Wayd ll-D vs. Ward 16;
Tumbles, spills, slides, and “may- women. The 220yard dash be” some real skating will be theT'” around the fiiik
featured program Sakirday ait^
VOL/AfO
Endurance, an uncanny basketeye, and an amazing ability to get around the floor in record time has brought this sophomore to national fame. Young now holds fifth place in the Big Ten race for high point honors with 78 counters, and has more than come up to the expectations predicted upon his ability from his showing made last year in freshman basketball.
Kessler, Yoimg Rate Higli Id Big Ten ScoriDg Race ; Haarlow Id Lead Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, Purdue’s flashy forwards who are at present near the top in the Big Ten scoring race, can be expected to show again tomorrow night the ability which has been responsible for the high rating of both of them. This duo of net artists has scored a total of one hundred and. seven-ty-eight points, more than either Illinois or Wisconsin had scored before last Saturday’s games, and the equivalent of those scored by
Iowa.
Kessler, although in second place in scoring, has a better average than the leader, Haarlow. Bob has averaged 12.6 points per game while Haarlow, in nine encounters, has averaged 11.3. Jewell Young is lagging the Boilermaker captain, by 2.8 points per game with a total of 78 markers in eight con-
tests.
WBA A
Today
11:00-—Sociology Lecture.
Prof. Nobs.
11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum,
e. M. Vestal.
12!l5--Orval Wray’s Orchestra, 12 :80—-Mrs. F. j. Koberts, organist. 12:45—Athletic Review. 1:00—Electrical Engineering Shop Course 1:1B—Mary Ann Godfrey, contralto. 1:30—The Apothecary. 1:46—^Final Markets. 2:00—^The Radio Playshop. Frankfort
High School.
2:30—Liafayette Music Society.
^^scdnsin Merttieii Here Tomorrow RejDveDaited B o il e rDiaker SwiiDDiers Pre..pared For Badgers
; V
Boilermaker mermen will play host to the University of Wisconsin swimmers tomorrow afternoon in the Memorial Gymnasium pool, and will do their best to Send the Badgers home with a loss on their records. The Wisconsin meet will be the third dual encounter for the LaBree splashers this season, the home team having fallen before the mini and the Maroons in earl
ier encounters.
The meet which wi'il begin promptly iat 2:30 o’clock, will be the second for the Badgers in tyro days. Tonight they will swim against Indiana at Bloomington, journeying to Lafayette tomorrow morning. Although the Wisconsin team hasn’t been heard from much this season, LaBree expects a tough duel and is preparing his Swimmers for the meet. Recovering From Losses Practically recovered from the many losses due to injuries arid in eligibilities the first week of thb second semester, the local mermen are rapidly regaining strength. Against DePauw, although the down state college team is not rated as strong, Purdue displayed a vastly improved group of swimmers. Captain Vernor, star dash man on the home squad, swam the. hundred yard free style against DePauw in 66.4, one of the fastest times in his career, while Ed. Glos son, a greatly improved middle distance swimmer surprised everyone by winning two first places. According to present plans, LaBree plans to swim Captain Vernor and Bob Steward in the 60 and 100 yard dashes, Closson, Whitcomb, Wallace and Gillis in the longer stretches, the 220 and 440 yard free style eventsi The 160 yard back stroke will be taken care of by Gordon Kerber, one of the dependables who fell under the elegibility rule, but since that time has made up a condition. VanDe iester, an up-and-coming sopohomore breast stroke star, will represent the Boilefmakers in Ms specialty. The dives will be taken care of by Davenport and Barries, a couple of dependable men in their own field. Four of the following men will represent the Boilermakers in the 400 yard free style relay: Vernor, Steward^ Closson, Gil-
lis, or Wallace.
Skaters Will Attend Spill Circus’^ Tomorrow
noon on the new ice-skating rink that has been built, constructed, or flooded on what used to be the uhir versity baseball field; for this is: the time set by the high moguls in intramural and inter-ward sports department for the Ice-skating Carnival. In addition to the interesting events already' scheduled, a special to the PURDUE F^ONENT last night stated that ofie more event had beeri a,dded to the already full schedule, This event will probably be the most interesting Of all the previously scheduled entertainment in that it is rather unusual for this part of the country and to the writer’s knowledge, no other event of this kind has ever been participated in on this campus. This unique competition is none other than broad-jumping on the ice. Two pairs of standards will be set up on the ice at a height of two feet six inches. These obstacles wih be slowly moved apart until all of the participants have been eliminated. Each contestant will be giveri two trials for eaCh new distance which will be pust one foot more than the distance before.
Medals
Gold and silver medals will be given to the winners of the following everits: 20Q-yard dash, half mile race, 220-yard backward race, mixed doubles 220-yard , race, jumping, and figure skating for both
arid Ifiri mile race Will be
twelve times around.
So far, ttri entries have been received for the fiiixed doubles and to stiiriulate more interest in this event, the high moguls rince more came, out to state that “Eds” wririid be privile^d to select thmr own “Co-eds”, for running mates in
'the race. v ■;
To those men and women who' have the comrige to Come out riinid brave a little Saturday afternoon cold weather---there is a blank ori the bulletin board at the gym for you to sign up on for the First Annual Ice-skatirig Gamival.
TUG Tag Blumt^ rimrri satile forward, who can be expected to famish, the Botlerinaher goarOM with trouble front the time the whistle blows to the conelnsion of the Wildcat-Boilerinaker scrap tomorrow night.
■
■
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G, REISNER
4 P:II0T0S EnlargemeBits 2Se iillifs SMfo..
Younx enousrh to be theoretictU; <ad enough to be practical. RICHARD J. BATHWATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
The thinking fellow calls . A YELLOW ^ V-8 FORD TAXI , CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the dty 50?3 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Boxers To Mix At Carnival Tropliy AdH Medals ■ Offered For WinDers The increased interest which has been shown in boxing in the recent Golden Gloves and R. O. T. C. tournaments promises to provide some fast bouts for the Athletic Carnival which is to be held March 4. Gold and silver medals will be awarded to the winners in each of the weight divisions, and a trophy will be awarded to the boxer who shows the most boxing ability. All those who were entered in the Golden Gloves and R. O. T. G. tournaments and any Who don’t mind taking a chance on having their features altered are urged to begin practice immediately for the coming bouts. Those who wish to enter may sign up on the sheet beside the ring. Newcomers may receive instruction after school in the south end of the gym. Fighters must prove their ability and pass a physical examination before they will be allowed to enter the ring. The members of the Golden Gloves squad will not be allowed to mix with the general run of boxers because of their superior ability, but they have been matched among themselves as follows: 118 lb. class, Markey vs. Steelman; 126 lb. class, Bsncne vs. Mann; 136 lb. class. Long vs. Dix; 147 lb. class, Giles vs. Lewis. All are eligible for the medals and the best fighters trophy.
Formal Sandals
The newest spring styles in gold and silver sandals——high and low heels^— have just arrived. You’ll need a pair for the dances this spring. Loeb & Hene Shoes., .Downstairs
DOYLE’S HOME BEAUTY
SHAMPOO AND SET 35c Mon., Tnes., Wed.-
r SOe Thant.. Fri., Sat.
Phone 2331
Drink Milk for Moru Energy : CaH JOHNSON Phone 41332
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs-/ Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
That final touch ! Wh @ e I e r *s
A perfect evening of dancing, soft lights and smooth rhythm. What better end to such an evening than a table for two at Wheeler’s? Stop in and see us after the dance. Perfect service— perfect food.
The New Junior Washer Stydents We wish to show you a new washing machine, made especially for you. The JUNIOR WASHER is the size of a large kettle, and is adapted for towels, j underwear, socks, € stockings, lingerie, col- ^ lars, arid numerous^ other items. As a DRY CLEANER there is no equal. THE JUNIOR WASHER IS ANOTHER STEP TOWARD ECONOMY ‘ FOR THE STUDENT. The price ■ ^ '
OUT ANY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER. JOHN SPERB Hardware...822 Main
v'ISrI
ilii
',1,
Him#An n ual: Pa n Da nee Ton igh t
SOCIAL BRIEI^S
This week-end will see many of our students out of town because of the state dances being held in Indianapolis. Members of the four Indiana chapters of Alpha Chi Omega will attend a luncheon tomorrow noon at the Indiana Athr letic Club, and tomorrow evening will hold their combined dance there. The formal state dance of Chi Omega will be held at the Lincoln Hotel tomorrow evening. ■ ■ —sb— ' ■.: Theta Chi fraternity is haying Ted Nering’s band, which is an Indiana Ujniyersity orchestra, play for its state dance at the Columbia Club tomorrow evening. Kappa Kappa Gamma will hold a formal dance tomorrow evening from 9 to 12 o’clock at Allen’s Ballroom. Dick Cisne’s orchestra will furnish the music. Jane Russell, social chairman, is in charge of the arrangements for the dance. —sb—' , The Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity entertained the Kappa Kappa Gammas at a dinner last night. Wednesday evening the Kappas went to the Delta Upsilon house for dinner. sb Alpha Tau Omega entertained the Chi Omegas a.t a buffet supper Wednesday evening. —sb— Alpha Xi Delta is haying a foi-m-al dinner this evening for the members and their escorts who are going to the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance. ■—sb— Pi Beta Phi is having open House Sunday, with a Buffet supper, cards and dancing at night.
Dick Ci'sne's Orchestra To Furnish Music Organized cp-eds in the University and their escorts will dance to the rhythms of Dick Cisne and his Orchestra at the annual Women’s Pan-Hellenic formal tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 9 to 12 o’clock. All arrangements for the affair are complete, according to word received from the dance commit-
tee last night.
Modernistic decorations will prevail in the ballroom, with the orchestra in fronts of a
front^ of
black and silver back^op. The rriusicians will be arranged in tiers in front of the black panels on the backdrop and a huge silver crest will add to the beauty of the scene. The band stands will be in the same design. Indirect lighting will be
used in the ballroom.
Co=ed Volleyball Teams To Meet le Gym Today All co-eds who are interested in trying out for class volleyball teams and who have not yet at tended two practices should report to the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 o’clock this afternoon for the final practice before the selection of teams. At this time, also, sophomore, junior and senior class managers will be elected. Virginia Blank has already been chosen as freshman manager. Those women who are selected for the teams will be awai’ded 400 W. A. A. participation points and class numerals. The practice is in charge of Miss Mai’ian Russell and Jeanette Scudder.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Phi Delta Theta announces pledging of Marion E. Love, West Lafayette.
the of
All coreds who have been pledged to any sorority but w'hO are not affiliated with any Greek organization at the present time may obtain tickets from Sarah Schaaf or Jean Adkins today. ’
Cisne’s orchestra is well known on the campus, having played here on several occasions at frateimity dances and other University fiinctioris. The band, which is composed of students and former students at the University of Illinois, has had wide experience in playing for collegiate affairs, and is perhaps the most prominent college band in the middle west. Tickets Tickets, priced at $1.25, are on sale at all sorority houses, and at the 'Union desk, They also may be obtained from Sarah Schaaf, the chairman of the dance committee, or Jean Adkins. Any girl who is affiliated with a national sorority is eligible to attend the dance. Several formal dinners have been arranged for tonight by the various organizations. Co-eds and their escorts may attend the Y. W. C. A. concert at 7:45 o’clock this evening in formal attire.
YWCo-eds To Present Concert Program Scheciuleci At ' 7:45 Toniglil In Eliza Fowler Hail Tonight at 7:45 o’clock the arts group of the Y. W. C. A, will sponsor an all co-ed concert in Eliza Fowler Hall. The concert, under the direction of Jayne Bennewitz, is the first program of this kind to be attempted by the co-eds of the University. Since the concert precedes the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance, the couples in formal attire are expected to form part of the audience. Program The program ' to be given will consist of two piano solos, Homage to Schumann, by Moskowski, and Seguidillas, by Albeniz, to be played by Sylvia Zussin; several vocal selections by the Friend Trio; Zigeunerweisen, by Sarasate, arid the Ghost Dance, by Levy, violin solos by Eddie Mae Browne; two harp solos. Barcarolle, from the Tales of Hoffman, to be given by Louise Smith, and Reverie, by Ethelbert Nevin, to be presented by Jayne Bennewitz; harp duets. Rosary, by Nevin, and Largo, from Xerxes, by Haridel; piano solo. Whispering Wind, by Wohlenhaupp, by Mildred Rhodes, and The Woodpigeon, The Yellowhammer and The Owl, from the works of Liza Lehman, by Ann
Sims.
Mannish Styles Will Mark Spring Wardrobe Of Go-ed By Esther Turley Despite the Continually icy streets and slippery campus walks, let’s be optimistic enough to turn our thoughts towards ideas for new spring wardrobes. Also, we forget that we are the average university co-ed, who wears her two-years-old clothes without remodeling of any sort, and we choose the latest styles advocated by Madame Fashion. We “cut” our Saturday classes (again
contrary to our principles) and spend the day shopping in the smartest shops. First, we select an outfit suitable for campus wear. We ask the “boy friend" the name of his tailor and then we pi’oceed immediately to this address. Yes, femininized tailoring is quite the vogue. We order a mannish suit in a Forstmann mixture, a little softer than men’s suiting but the same reserve colors—
You’ll be pert as the first robbin in
Flowered
Silks
Silks in Floral Patterns, 39 in. width......76c-$1.00
Novelty Silk Crepes in spring shades for dresses and suits, 39 in...... — - $1.00 yd. 39 in. Taffetas in plain and plaids.. ...69c-89c yd. 39 in. Silk Moire in white, black, brown, green, gold and corral- $1-00 yd. 54 in. All Wool Tweeds. .. ....$1.0() yd. 54 in. All Wool Suiting in spring colors......$1.39-$1.98
brown, blue, or grey. We can not resist ordering two or more waistcoats in a light Rodier woolen copied from the Gibson Girl of the “Gay Nineties”. We stop ih front of a bootery and gaze at a unanimous display of “square heeled”, “square toed” spring footwear. Paris stylists are giving us a square deal by calling this type “the most significant shoe of the year”. Clad in blunt-toed shoes, we con tinue our tour in search of a very necessary mannish hat. We find just what we want. The hat is copied from those worn in “David Copperfield”. We are fascinated by the big metal buckle in front, the only decojfation on the hat. V, Novelties At a novelty shop, we purchase a bbx-calf bag, medium-sized, tailor' ed to match our outfit. Our love of variety causes us to ask for three pairs of copper-colored hose. After this “buy” there is no use arguing with the clerk, we submit to her sales talk and leave the store, sticking our hands into a pair of bronze suede gloves. Feeling hungry we pause for nourishment, planning on selecting a Chinese print afternoon dress arid a cotton formal after lunch. To our great surprise we find that we are in our own room on Littleton Street. We have just finished an imaginary shopping tour through our roommate’s copies of this month’s Harper’s Bazaar * and Vogue.
We hereby disclose the names of some of the members—or used-to-be members-—of P. C. A. H., which is an organization opposed to dating co-eds: George Caesar, Bill MaxOn, Carl Ihle, Jake Browning (he won a bet by obeying the rules), Bob Null, Ed Lynch (used to be a member, fish), Bob Langdbn (practically married), Pudge Davis (has his pin out), Don CoUpland, and Bob Nikolich (he couldn’t abide by the rules). For one of the bigger dances this winter McConnell imported one of New York’s best-dressed models— and we just heard of it now. >T&C-t Jim Kettle put a heater in his car to hurry Spring. AT&Uf MePhearson has to go to Illinois for his dates and he still gets spooks! . >T&C>^: ;; And Jim Newhall in a rare moment of seriousness and earnestly discussing the “great beyond” confused a freshman date with the following diction: “If you’re not hereafter what I’m hereafter you’ll be hereafter I’ve left.” ■ . -tT&C4The following jingle probably explains Why a senior co-ed leaves the University disillusioned: • MEN I like men with shiny hair; I like men with height to spare; I like men with lots, of vim; I like men when lights are dim; I like men with foetball build; I like men with pockets filled; - I like men with raccoon coats; I like men with minor sins; I like men with fraternity pins; I like men that smoke a pipe ; I like men that don’t get tight; I like men—Well, I like MEN! —Old maid. . >T&C> ; It takes Fletemeyer to Craig the ice—^with Parlon getting the break (bad break). >t&C> We nominate Challis to membership in the P. C. A. H. after his avowed preference for imports last Saturday. —an orchid to Janet Colyin for turning the tables. Who has Betty Best “hooked” in the Union show. From the following jingle we infer she holds high hopes: We are the girls of the Union follies We bounce around like rubber dollies We are the girls of the Union chorus Dear Betty Ann paid a fortune for ' us : ■ We take lessons at the charm school Each one of us will hook some darn fool We are the girls of the Union show So go little show-girl go. AT&O And “Cupie” Harper calls his car “Passion” ’cause it’s hard to hold.
Women’s Pan-HelleniQ^ foimial in any year io a big event/ but leap year sbould make it a bigger occasion . . . we can’t predict proposals, but we have hekrd a few things . , . for instance . . . Mary Rose Skinner is importing a date . . . and' there would probably be more imports if it Weren’t for the bad weather.... Sally McKee will be seen Romayrie in with ‘‘Roddy” (per usual).... “Ticky” Theiss says Ossie Maier is going to manage to be here for the big event . . . after saving her pennies for months and months Lorna McLeod just couldn’t get to Indianapolis to buy the new dress she had wattted 'to wear tonight, but we are sure she will look lovely just the same ... with mannish clothes all the vogue this season Ann Sims plans to appear in a green crepe dress inspired by a tuxedo. . . . Jean Darrough has chosen to wear a gold lame gown with a train ... if Mitchell doesn’t have an exam tomorrow, Cue says they will put in their appearance tonight. . . . Mary Frances Markle has been rating orchids lately-—we wonder if she will have One tonight. . . a red crepe dresAwill be worn by Betty Jayne Temperly, bht a knitted formal would probable make a bigger hit with Bill Glenny .. . brilliants will accentuate the red formal and accessories to be worn by Jan Nilson tonight. . . . Mary Jean Light always looks sweet and petite and the white taffeta gown with a full length coat to match that she is planning to wear sounds typical of her. . . . Mary Hurst will herald spring in a blue printed formal. . . in spite of a Chicago steady Rosie Hoeffer has aske4 Marty Johnson to be her escort tonight.. *. Helen Hall will make no mistake wearing white—it is good all the year round—she will no doubt bok charming.. . . We’ll see you tonight.
19 Year Old Concert Star Dances,' Reads Reporter liiterviews Polcii Miidner By Martha Soehner. “Of course I have time for lots of fun,” Poldi Miidner assured us. “I love to dance and enjoy reading.” Miss Miidner confessed a preference for philosophy. “And I had a marvelous time in high school—I was sorry to have to leave when my music demanded the greater part of my time.” “In America I wear European
clothes, in Europe I wear American made frocks, but I like the American ones best,” Miss Fildner commented in a decided accent when we raptured over the blue net creation she wore. “This one is from Paris,” she told us. The bits of adhestive tape on a fing-er and thumb were from practising, she explained, “Usually 6 or 8 hours a day.” And I always like to become acquainted with a piano before I use it for a concert. Miss Miidner had been practicing at Eliza Fowler Hall'for two days. Comments from music critics included “Brahms is impossible for women, but the 19 year-old pianist, played Variation from over a theme Paganini better than I have ever heard Rubenstein do it. The girl is a wonder.”
RINTING Office Stationery . P i Weddins Invlteflona PHONE Books, Etc. .0 . 2 628 CASSEL'S 408tERRy
Sp
ecia.
Shampoo and Set.... 35c Mon., Tugs., Wed., Tlws. We also specialize in hair stylinsr and give 'vitalizingr scalp treatments. Maaaett® B ©aw ty
327 State
Phone 2067
Ciassified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Good single room. Board available. 432 N. Grant.
Try Chamberlin’s delicious spcr cials for this week—^White House, Cherry, and Vanila.
Lost—K. & E. slide rule without case. Reward. Call D. N. Wait, 36204.
Board for two students. Good food. 602 Northwestern. Call 6918,
Men Students—Room and board at 6 Waldron. $4 for 18 meals. Call 2671.
Lost—Brown Leather Note Book in Union. Call 71798 if found. Re-
Serving Purdue for Thirty-six Years
f
to
ur
Mdress^W. JZ.. J4-.
We have many such orders as theses—distinctive corsages to be sent to the Women’s Residence Hall. But you II find that Roth’s' corsages are most popular among co-eds not only ,at W. R. H. but everywhere. Be certain th^ the corsage you send is appreciated the utmost.
rom
636 Main Street
Phone 7955 - 8050