'«
>/
■—From All Frmitt— Today's Summary Of War News
Last Pap
To^ Chicago Daily Ifetni Fc^ i^pyright, 1940. ChtOOgO D«il
:h Sirriee. 'ewo, Ine.
• More Orders British officials in the United States have completed a list of S3,000,000,000 in new war orders— including 12,000 airplanes—^pending action on President Roosevelt’s plan for lending armaments to Britain. * With material aid from the United States, a great armedxforce will be built up to strike at Germany in 1941, Prime Minister Churchill told the House of Commons today. •“Germany has already passed its saturation point in armaments, but in 1941 we shall be a well-armed nation, too, and that will open up' possibilities.” * * * • Luftwaffe Loafs “For the second day and night the German luftwaffe has passed Great Britain by,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. “When the next raid comes no one here doubts that it will surpass ini intensity anything yet experienced.” ,|c H, 4< British motorized forces, expecting at any time the fall of Bardia, are opening the way for an attack on Tobruk, 70 miles west, according to a dispatch from Cairo. The battered Italian Army was reported in retreat under heavy fire. * ♦ * • Zog Remsfatocl Leaving big fires behind, Italian troops have retreated from Tcpelini and Klisura, their strongholds in southeast Albania, Athens reported today. The Greeks are so confident that they have proclaimed the rule of King Zog in captured portions of the exiled ruler’s realm. « « « King Leopold of Belgium, Who is a closely guarded Nasii prisoner, is leported in stories reaching New York to have managed to get word to London that the government In exile there is “the only true Belgian government.” * * * • Italy Bombed Italy was a major target in the Royal Air Force’s bombing forays last night, hits being reported on docks at Genoa, a factory in Milan and an airdrome in northern Italy. * * t “Great Britain’s blitz defeat of Marshal Graziani’s “terribili” in Egypt and Lil^a is believed to have set the gravestone over any German Balkan campaign this winter,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer, quoting a Washington diplomat. Union Employees . . . had the Union all to themselves last night from 8:30 on as they danced away the evening at their annual Christmas party. The Union was closed to the public at 8:30.
Metry Christmas
xponenf g jOw/y Stnem
Volume 52, No. 87
West Lafayette, bidiona
Ifridoy, December 1940
Riveters Oppose Depaul, Loyola During Week-End Journeying to foreign" battlecourts for the first time this season, the Boilermaker basketball squad is scheduled to entrain at 11:30 this morning for the trip to Chicago where the next two games on the Riveter schedule are to be played. The first of these encounters is to be against DePaul at the Chicago Coliseuni while the second will take place at the Loyola gym on Saturday night.
Foresters Open '41 Dance Season 4941 dancing season will open on this campus with the annual Foresters’ Ball Friday, January 10. The ball will last from 9 until 12:30 with the music of “The band of a million thrills,” Bill Carlsen and his orchestra. The admission price will be one dollar a couple, and informal dress in order. Bill Carlsen has played on the campus several times and has always been well liked. He holds a commercial pilot’s license and uses his flying for his band at times, taking them to catch important engageinents. His billing is sometimes: Bill Carlsen “At the joy stick” and his orchestra “rolling up the hours,” with Mickey Dowd “The high-flying Irish tenor.” Carlsen, whose mother was a school teacher and father a doctor, wanted to study in the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, but they got him interested in music and he forgot Annapolis. He played varsity football at Clay Center High in Kansas, then graduated from the University of Wisconsin. At the present time he holds a second lieutenancy in the Air Corps Reserves. Recently, Bill Carlsen’s orchestra came out first in a popularity poll conducted among its 260,00 readers by the Milwaukee Journal. He composed his own theme song, “Sincerely Yours.” He is married and has two daughters, one ten and one eleven. The dance "will be in the south ballroom of the Union. m.j.f.
Warn Kiddies About The Union; Indian Menaces Idle Strollers
By Ted Novey Who are they? What are they doing there? What are they looking at? These are questions that have been rising in the minds of people walking do-wn the west sub-base-ment hall in the Union this week. It’s really a shocking sight. Shocking? It’s terrifying. Every once in a while a shriek rings through the corridor as someone passes by those three statues as they stand there silently in the dark, all looking in the same direction at the wall, looking—at nothing but brick. At first glance the statues look real in the dim light and this has been startling quite a few people. When we first walked by last Monday we sort of shrank away after the first look but yesterday, gathering up our epurage we snuck up on them and switched on the light before the Indian had time to say, ■“Cigars, Mister?” That’s right, a wooden Indian; only made out of iron. And the other two figures also of iron are two colored boys about three feet high each. The Indian stands some five feet high. What diabolical mind placed those figures there, and who placed them in just the right position.
crouched slightly forward so that they look ready to spring? Gad! What a mystery. Well, Sherlock? Quick, Watson, my needle! For anyone who is on the lookout for three iron statues, the two colored boy’s have on black vests, faces, and hands, have red pants and ties and yellow shirts and hats and have the names Hank, Dick, Tas, Bud, Ed, Muggsie, Blondie, EWillie, Tweekie and Don on their black bottoms; I mean bases. Heighth, 3' feet four, white eyes', black hair, no arrests, severi convictions, steeeeppp doowwnn. Who can use a fine iron Indian with a tan buckskin iron outfit at only $7.95? It will wear like iron. In fact it IS iron. The gentleman has a knife in his belt and is leaning on a musket. Who was the villain who stuffed a cigarette butt down the muzzle of that gun? Aren’t there any ash trays in the Union? Maybe we ought to give the Union back to the red man? Comes the revolution, comrade—! And so there they stand. Like sentinels of the black night. What dark secrets of the Union sub-basp-ment do they hold deep within their carbon content? Maybe the shadow knows!
Riveters Seek Fifth Win Undefeated in four home starts', the squad is yet to meet first class competition and it is expected that this week-end’s games will be the first real test of the strength of the Riveter basketball aggregation. Tonight’s encounter will be especially interesting because last year the Blue Devil quintet brought about ohe of the four defeats of last year’s championship team. Both games this week-end will, to some "extent at least, be battles between giants and average sized players. Gainer, the DePaul center, stands six feet five inches, while Dougherty, the center of the Loyola quintet, is one inch taller than the Blue Demon pivot man. In last year’s battle between the Riveter and DePaul teams Gainer managed to make himself useful to his alma mater to the extent of two field goals and a free throw. Speed vs Height According to reports both Dougherty and Gainer are tall enough so thut they can harrass their opponents by actually stopping the progress of the ball as it IS about to slip through the net for two tallies. At any rate tonight’s encounter will do much to show how effective Coach Lambert’s system of play, which makes up for lack of height, really is under actual trail. Additional material over which Boilermaker coaches, players, and followers can worry is supplied by the fact that the court at the Coliseum where tonight’s encounter will take place is not of regulation conference length, but is somewhat shorter. Just what effect this will have on the fast break employed by the Boilermaker squad only time can tell. However, the decrease in distance between nets will certainly mean that Lambert’s netters will have to alter their technique to some extent. Racqueteers Face Six Eastern Teams During Long Christmas Jaunt Makipg their annual eastern trip during the forthcoming Christmas holidays, “Chief” Clevett and six Riveter squash players will represent the Boilermakers in an even half dozen matches against some of the country’s top-flight racquet squads. The trip East will begin on December 28, the Saturday after Christmas, and the boys won’t get back to the campus until Jan. 5. Those who will make the trip are Mann, McMillan, Adams, Smith, Kalbfleisch and Goldstein. The first stop for this sextet will be New York where the majority of the matches will be played, In this city the Riveters will represent the West against Amherst, Harvard, New York, M. I. T. and Yale. After this series of concentrated trouble the team will drag its collective self off to Philadelphia for its last important match, that with the University of Pennsylvania squad. Then after all this is over, and i^ere is still time before it becomes necessary to make the trip home, Clevett and his six trouble shooters will make a short side trip into IWtteburgh for a match with the Pittsburgh Golf Club. j.8.k.
Stewart, University Director Of Music, Listed In Who's Who ^A. P. Stewart, University director of musical organizations, has achieved the distinction of being included in tips year’s edition of “Who’s Who in Music” according to word received recently. Since he came to the University as director of music in 1933, “Al” as he IS usually known has raised the standards of the choirs and the men’s glee club until they rate among the best organizations in the country The organizations are popular both on the campus and off. They constantly receive requests to sing at meetings, banquets and other group gatherings. They usually make several trips to Chicago and Indianapolis to sing. They have also appeared on the air over the major networks, NBC, MBS and CBS. In addition to his worle for the University, Stewart has held the added position of Musical Director for Indiana since 1936. Under this capacity, Stewart has charge of all the Home Economics Clubs Choruses m Indiana. Last year, 1600 of these women sang in a group at the Agricultural Conference. Stewart also received recognition in “Reader’s Digest” when an article by Karl Detzer entitled “Song Along the Wabash” appeared in the March, 1940 issue described his work as musical director of Indi-
14 Riveter Mermen Departed Yesterday For Sunny Florida Twelve members of the Boilermaker varsity swimming squad along with a pair of freshmen mermen clambered aboard two station wagons in front of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon at shortly after three o’clock to begin their annual jaunt to Florida during the Christmas holidays. The swimmers were accompanied by Coach Dick Papenguth and “Goldie” Goldstein. After spending last night at Evans'ville, the swimmers plan to drive all day today and tomorrow, reaching their destin^ion, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, late tomorrow afternoon. By leaving two days before the^ official beginning of the vacation, the team 'Will have two full weeks of practice time in the southern climes. During their stay in the balmy South, tlje Riveter mermen plan to spend the greater portion of their time swimming in the Port Ladderdale pool, which less than a stone’s throw from the ocean. Coach Papenguth remarked that the members would have to swim at least four miles each day in order to get in prime condition for a tough schedule which opens with Northwestern the first week of school next year. The workouts will be held in connection with the sixth annual Aquatic Forum. Forty Couples Dance At Christinas Charity Dance Canned goods ranging from beans to fruit, mysterious non-per-ishable packages, or mere dimes admitted approximately forty couples to the Charjty Tea Pance sponsored by the Student Union yesterday afternoon in the north ballroom of the Upion. Swingin' and swayin’ to recorded tempos was for the benefit of the underprivileged being aided-during the Christmas season by the Salvation Army, recipient of the “admissions.” w.r.
Burns Plays For PIA Semi - Formal At 9 Christmas Decorations Will Add T o Gaiety Of Affair Vincent Burns will bring his popular New York orchestra to the Union from 9 to 12 tonight to play for the annual PIA Christmas dance. Touring the midwest after a series of very successful engagements in New York and Virginia, the band will be presented for the first time on this campus at the most elaborate Christmas dance ever to hold forth in the Union, according to PIA social chairman Damon Elder. While ostensibly majoring in ho-
4-^
Baton Swinger Burns
Professors To Attend Philadelphia Meeting American Association for the Advancement of Science will hold its winter meeting at Philadelphia during the week of December 27 at which Dr. H. Lark-Horovitz, Head of the Physics Department, will be present. He will attend a joint meeting of all the Scientific Societies on the Teaching of science in secondary schools and will give an address to the National Association of Science Teachers on a new approach to the teaching of science in general education. He will also attend a meeting of the American Chemical Society in New York City hold to discuss the shape and form of molecules. Dr. E. P. Miller of the Physios Exef:pt Department will discuss methods in determining tlie particle size of ^ jatefitfo-Platings at the Philadeli>hin, meeting. He will also present a paper on a new method to determine the thickness of enamel coatings. Professors H. E. Enders, Dean of Science School; H. J. Reed ,Dean of the Agriculture School; H. H. Remmers of the Education and Applied Psychology Department; and H. B. Hass, Head of the Chemistry Department •will attend the meeting. Other members of the faculty are also expected to attend, c.d.m. Mixed Recreation . . . will be held this evening in the Women’s gymnasium from 7:30 until 9:30 p. m. Swimming, volleyball, table tennis, fencing and shuffleboard will make up the program for the evening. There will be a charge of 10 cents for each man who desires to swim.
Car Stolen
, , . Wednesday from the campus is probably causing Professor H. H. Wikel, the owner, some worry. Hte 1939 Plymouth deluxe coupe was removed from the gyouud? biidiwcjim 7 and 8 in the evening. It carried 1941 Indiana license 721,126.
tel administration at Cornell as an undergraduate. Burns, cleaning up his own saxaphone, neglected for several years, organized his own band to play for college dances. After graduatmg he was employed for a time at the Waldorf hotel in New York, and at the same time was organizing a band on Long Island to play at private parties. After a period of commuting between the Waldorf and the social functions of Long Island and Westchester County, Burns and his band were signed for a theatre tour in the New York area. Since that time the orchestra has become increasingly popular with the dancing public in the East. Just before the start of the present tour, the band was engaged at Tantilla Gardens in Richmond, Virginia, and the Village Bam at Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Glenn Siiigs
Heading the crew of vocalists is lovely Bette Glenn, brunette songstress who has caroled for Bums for two years. Miss Glenn has sung with Bobby Parks and his society orchestra and with Louis Prims. She first came to New York as Winner of a voice and beauty contest. Returning to jierforin for University students after singing witA Ace Brigode at last year’s J?brester’s Ball, Bud^ Wayne brings a reputation of being one of tbo most promising young baritones tomorrow. Arlton Land^ ifiR pro•vide the novelty tunes and Dick Shobe will lead the •vocal choir. The dance •will be semi-formal with corsages optional. Adiait|§a<m ■will be free to PIA membegq §n4 their dates and tickets at tpe per couple will be available at thp door to non-members. r-tL Art Club BMIxFtNir Films For ComruingB P^hkPS to ease the gl returning to studies after two weeks of relaxation, the Student Art dub is presenting tiieir second Uttle Movie convo Monday, January in room 366 of the Union %t
p. m.
Four items are on the biU. Thp first is a production called “Tim City.” It dramatically portrays the chaos resulting from an n»pl«nwflid toapsfer fepm agricultural ^o ajt industrial economy in th^ country. Some of the gloom is when-the film points out the pro-. gress and plans which science and engineering have made in designii^ communities that provide an ^ vironment favorable to good living even in industrial centers. ^ FoRowing this comes Day,” bn miciting photiwmphm study of masks qiA Ike Ifexkmn psta of Calaveras. A film, grippiiw because it presents Abs age ou problem of ^ unwed moHimr, n^ greets the audience. “MmdbiimiAwith superb acting by Radia Sil%^by Tortise Returns,’* ant’ is an mcperixnentat pbdnni Disney cartoon, mdrt tbs piagtajg^•• •. ]'l.i
r‘
'■”?« f-A '• /y'Vit''
Friddtyr £)ecetn]^i' 20# 1940
fiju/uiiuL £xpxmanL
Meriy Christmas
... is what you all expect to say this morning. It’s customary. The editor always says that. He could, and he would, but he’s in Chicago. Instead we say—“one more day ’til vacation* Then we go to the station. Back to civilization.———.” It’s a great
feeling. It’s been a long semester, and a tough one. Tough as the last. We feel we’ve earned a rest, and we do heed it. So we say, leave the books at school, have a date every night, get 12 hours .sleep in every 24, unravel those kinks. Forget that everywhere in the wofld people are not enjoying the Christmas season as we are. Instead live it yourself and like it. It’s something our ancestors fought for once and won. Something we’ve managed to maintain since. So we say live it and like it, you’ve earned it—and if you insist, MERRY CHRISTMAS. Enjoy that, let the new year bring what it may.—dkh
Notices
Regiatration Worken: Students who wish to work for the Begistr^ during the second semester registration, January 28 and 29, are requested to make application before Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Re^trar’s office. Those who have had previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. STONE
Ads
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent.A-Car Service. Cara ^for'all occasions. Min. |2.69 all night. Phone ^407.
FOMM Members: Keys are here but must be imid for before they cap be distributed. See Bob Massey at the Triangle house. —MASSEY.
FOR SAUB Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.66. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebersfaoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Pnrdue Students of Pittsburgh and. Vicinity: We are definitely having a formal dance in Chatterbox of William Penn, hotel, December 26. $2.20 minimum. —DELMAR.
Sophomore leaving, school end of semester causes double room vacancy. Twin beds, innerspring mattresses, continuous hot water, insulated new house. Two block. Union and village. 306 South Grant.
Military Ball Committee: Get reports in my mail box in Armory before noon Saturday, December 21.
Purdue Religions Council: Meeting of peace committee in room 68 of the Union at 4 p. m. Friday, December 20. —MOFFETT.
AICiiE: Flow sheets are in Dr. Shreve’s office for Wasson, Mertz, Schnaible, Antal, Huisken, linker and Bradbury. ■ -^KRAYBILL.
Cosmopolitan Club: Regular meeting on Friday, Deemnber 20, at 4:20 p. m. in room 304 of Union. . —CORTISSOZ.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to . Engineering Lectures will meet in Fowler Hall on Saturday, December 21. —KNAPP.
University Choir: There will be no recording Friday, December 20. —AMT.
Mnv Al
—TODAY -TOMORROW-^ TWO FIRST RUN HITS! iriy Marriage
Vlri^nla Vale \ (mini Diuitt * Elaine Sheoard PLUS —.
RIDE OF YOUR LIFE!
with FAY WRAY CHARLES LANG PAUL GUILFOYLE
LUMA
-TODAY - SATURDAY—
An Eye-Witness Story of the rise of the Dictators and the Battle of the Free People of Europe against them!
PLUS —2ND FEATURE
CHARLES STARRETT — IN — "THE PINTO KID"
Rememberl Do Your Christmas Shopping ■^ at WALGREEN’S
• Electrical Gifts • Gift Toiletries •Toys
VOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
408 Main Street
Personitel Notes
Company: Commonwealth Edison Company, Chicago, Illinois. Company’s Products: Public Utility Service. Representative: G. E. Rodmam Date-of Visit: Wednesday and Thursday, January 8 and 9, 1941. Will Interview: Senior EE» ME. Types of Positions: Training Course. Special Qualifications and Information: Application blanks, secured at the Personnel Office, must be completed by noon, Saturday, December 21, 1940.
Company: General Poods Corporation, Battle Creek, Michigan. Company’s .Products: Packaged foods. Representative: A. L. Brown. Date of Visit; Friday, January 10,1941. Will Interview: Senior ME;—January and June men.
Room, for second semester. Board optional. Automatic hot water. Ph. 76B68, 916 N. Main St.
Wanted: Passengers to New York City. 1940 Plymouth sedan, Leaving Saturday noon. Phone 8430.
Wanted: Part time and full time deteilers, draftsmen, tool designers. Write Box 423, West Lafayette, giving experience and time available for interview.
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
—-WITH — RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE and —
’ARIZONA FRONTIER' — WITH — TEX RITTER — AUO —
ADDED
FIRST RUN NEWS
CLOSED DEC. 22— OPEN AGAIN JAN. 5 We Wish You All a Merry Chrislmas
DAD'S PLACE
So Handy
RADIO - SERVICE - PARTS CROSLEY - SENTTNEt = MOTOROLA
Small Sets, wireless record players, combination radio and phonograph. Service on all makes at reasonable prices.
G. B. 827^29 Main Street
Phone 7950
What kind of Math do you coll this?
It sounds crazy—but let’s see how it would be perfectly possible in the telephone business. Suppose an improved method is devised that clips just one second from the time required to handle one toll ticket in the accounting department. Apply this method throughout the Bell System—handling an average of some 55,000,000toll tickets each month-and it would effect a monthly saving of nearly years! A second saved here, an unnecessary step cut out there—on such close attention to "little” things rests the Bell System’s ability to provide the finest, fastest, cheapest telephone service in the world.
Why not telephone home often? Long Distance rotes to most points are lowest any night after 7 P. M. and ail day Sunday.
YOU STlIi^
TO GET THOSE LAST MINUTE GIFTS
CheBc this list . . .
Mother, Father, Brother, Sister, Sweatheart . . . do you have something for them all? If not drop in on Ae way to the bus or train and let us help you Mtisfy your wants with a beautiful gift of jewelry.
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Since; 1884
::-r
ROARim OUT OP JH£ REPOBSTt PA/;pc np TUP wn hpct wp<t/
a WIUN* SEMED
the Purdue Exponent
Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A.IRISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th G Hein St. Phone 5701
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northweetam Ava. Phone 4965
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTM'S
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Dairy Producfs
M E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.-—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS Key* for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night letchss end asdiockis. Auto keim e specieHy. Blq^et, accessories and repeiring. MULHAum 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2128
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If, It's Hardware W# Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Shoe Repair
• jewelera
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Photographer^
• Electrical Supplies
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point . Ail Models Fluorescent Appliancee 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Tailor
Spfrrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up'''
.;-AX
■s:-*!
- ^ ^ ' ' ■' ' ■ 1 <
* i*v ‘ f, V -f f , lit. H I
1
\ f f ^.y
i
y-u *
fijuJiidiUL ^xpomht
Friday. Decembct 20. 1940
fiaga3~ Tlatiauk
* Al|dia Kappa. Lambda
president;; Dick Parkison, vicepresidePt; Jack Stark, recording
^ . social fraternity, elected the secretary} Bill Taylor, correspond^- ^ following officers at its semi-annual ing sicretary; and Jim Meyer, rush election in December: Bob Duncan, chairman.
Joein^ ^Round By Peg Howard
N
Last Minute Ideas. • Evening in Paris. • Christmas Candies. • And to you all MERRY CHRISTMAS and a HAPPY NEW YEAR TOO.
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
ONIVEBSITy DRIIC STORE Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU, ’37
The LEE TEL $5.00 Will not only improve your Hat-i-tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the same old bat. The mirror :'>lls the story. • • • Makers of the Aetna - Insured Hat... 13.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NE^ YORK, N. Y. t*REO U 8 PATENT OFFICE
S^idlttAlL are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette I See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5*00 MONAINSr. —
VACATION ECONOMY: Smd your luggage home and hark by handy .... RAILWAY EXPRESS!
Right from college direct to your own front door and vice versa, without extra charge, in all cities and principal towns And all you do is phone Railway Express JJ7e’ll call for your trunks, bags and bundles. Away they’ll go at passenger train speed, and be delivered straight to the street address The rates are low, and you can send "collea,” yon know, by Railway Express, same as college laundry goes Yes, it is a very popular service So when you’re packed, strapped and locked, just phone us and take your train with peace of mind 9 So. Second. Street \ Phone 5069
RAILWA
XPRESS
Inc.
«. AtGENCY
= NATION-WIDE RAILtAIR SRRVICE
jWell, joes, this is going to be ‘short and sweet ’cause I’m just as j \ anxious as you are to get this day over with— Since tonight is the last night of the year to joe on campus, you should all take in as many of the dances as possible, and there arelots of dances to be taken in. Tho. P. 1. A. members and their dates are dancing in both ballrooms of the Union tonight to the smooth music of Vincent Bums and his orchestra. * * ♦ At the Pi K A house Paul Reedy will furnish his d^ceable rhythms for members and their guests. The annual Sigma Chi “Blue Formal” will get under way tonight over at the chapter house. As usual the guests will first be entertained at dinner, later dancing to the music of Ted Travers and his orchestra. The Sigma Nu’s will also be in the Christmas spirit tonight when they entertain at a dinner dance in the faculty lounges. The Wabash Collegians are slated to furnish the music here. The Beta’s will also entertain at their house tonight with a formal Christmas dance. Music will be pro^^ vided by Dick Cisne from the University of Illinois. Over at the “ S. A. E. house we also find formals (Continued col. 6, page 3)
The Colmnii Tuesday morning's column carried a little item of general interest concerning a fish fry held in the English channel for Herr Hitler recently.^As a result we received the following note. Attention: Mr. R. M. S. Dear sir: Question: If you set out to conquer England with 1200 aluminum barges with fifty men in each and lose 80,000 men, how many have you left? Sincerely yours, C. J. S. * * ♦ That’s easy.—Minus 20,000. « >it * Thank you Mr. C. J. Swift of the physics department for calling our attention to this mathematical error. You see, what we meant to say. Was fifty aluminum barges with 1200 men in each. *ie * He That’s what we get for not checking our figures with five place log tables. * * * By yesterday morning’s Exponent we discovered that one out of five University students would quit school and volunteer if the United States went into war against Germany, Italy, or Japan. Which leaves us with the old editorial solution for Utopia. The only way we’ll ever have peace in this country is to take out those one in fives and shoot them down dike dogs. He * * Well that brings us to the business at hand. Christ-
The Purdue Exponent Kutered m McMtd dam taeMet at «li* treat fa hm tofetta, tndfauw, oader ttw of Comma of Much », 1879, and «t tlio apodal nrto A pootaco nrovlded for fa •ection 1108, «et of Oetober 8.1917, autlm^od latimtr », 1982. PobUshed daitr tetaoxft Monaar dwrUia for ngatae aeademie roar sad woddr daring tbo Stamaor Seeakm* Veltrered loeaUr bv oatrlor tor $1.00 per rear, maO nK ■crU>tioii $8.60. Editor-in-CU«f L «, W. Omuikao BnaincM Ifoaacor Marl* MOgoamror Pablicatioa Staff New« Editor Jf. H. lfeK4w ManaalDS Editor O. K. Heipfo AoBoebtto Editomt W. X. Heaton, N. A. Ocifafitree, Jf. A. PnreeU, !<. W. Bnftier, B. M. ffiMllenip, J. L, Tnugott. Biisinau Staff Local Adrertiaiiis Hanasera: B. S. Poweta, 6. C. Landeia; Promotion Manaser, C. E. Daneknutier; Aeeonnta Hanaser, B. J. Sbadtordi Ctreolation lemacer,^ B. If. Kecktenwald. Ce-ad Staff Editor Belb Bimpeon Associate Editors: Marr Kay Miller, Bntli Bose, Dmna Siess. '' Sports Staff Editor J- P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. P. Adamson, P. C. Jdinson, B. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Businass 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national adrertbiinp by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Bepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issiio Night Editor: Skallemp . Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Editor: Johnson Ass’t Night Editor: Rannion Staff: J S Keeler, D. M. Demars, D. W Meier, C. R McIntosh, W R Rafert, T. B. Novey, W Clark, H de Brunn, R L Hadley, M J Fox, P. Howard, J F Zinski
mas. Here we sit waiting until the fatal day for an exchange of gifts, while over there, in the true spirit of the whole thing. The British and the Germans have been presenting each other with little tokens of remembrance for months.—dhh
YULETIDE JOY BE WITH YOU, MAY THE s NEW YEAR SERVE YOU WELL PURDUE COFFEE SHOP 119 Horfhwestern Ave.
(Continued from col. 3, page 3) and tails dancing to the music of that popular campus favorite, Maury Mahns, while the Alpha Gamma Rho’s entertain tonight with a radio dance at their house to celebrate the season. Take your choice or go to a show —^but don’t stay home and study. * * * And now some parting advice for the holidays—
1. Don’t forget your conscription cards. 2. Don’t forget to send your profs a Christmas card. 3. Don’t forget yonr old fiame's ’phone nmnber. 4. Don’t forget to be back for penalty day. 6. Don’tl
Q
nee
om
it is the season to join in good wiU, to .bring peace and happiness possible to man. With this spirit in mind a Merry, Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year is extended to all from ifuL. PjjUtduUL TybufufiiaL lAmm. l^he Corner of the Campus-^ \ Yet the Center of AcHviHes
Students who fail to speak French in the French house at Beaver college, Jenkintown, Pa., are fined.
DANCE RECITAL By Pupils of Tbe Allen School of Dancing Friday, Dec. 20, 8:00 p. m. SOCIAL DANCING FOLLOWS PUBLIC INVITED. ADM. FREE CHILDRENS CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, IAN. 4th CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH at FEIUKT
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
TO YOU a MEmY CHRISTMAS Fred's Eat Shop 201 Northwestern Ave.
TRAILWAYS
O.W.
R.T.
Chkage —
$t.8Q
12.05
Guy
1.80
2.05
Midygan City
2.05
8.70
South BoBd
2J10
i.05
Indlanapolh
H5
2.10
VERY LOW RATES FOR THE HOLIDAYS
208 M. 5lh
447$Friday* D«c«mb«r :20, 1940
'■’ fC'" '■^l;;.' jC’ '
I#' t>?>
ifc-
IK^'''^ l^\
lit'jtf--. I A"' '
'■
fiwtdm. £xjpmuu4^.
’Si< >■,. ', ,- %fP '/’ jM\.!:, ffiwfi.’ '> |Mi*S?C‘
Old Fashioned Gk)od Wishes FOR THIS MODERN CHRISTMAS DAY
No matter what advances may be made in the fields of science, literature or arts, they will never improve on a good, hearty ‘^Merry Christmas,’^ What untold wealth of cheer and affection in those two big-little words! What exciting tales of warmth and humanity in that simple wish! Through the ages poets and masters have been unable to improve one whit on that pleasant message, “Merry Christmas It is our welcome opportunity, then, to make that wish to you
who are reading this page—^you whom we number among our friends and customers—and to wish it with all the sincere friendliness we can master into the printed word. It’s our way of showing at the happy holiday season that we really feel the exciting tang of Christmas in the air . . , and want to share it. To you, and you, and all of you, from each and every one of us—wish all of the joys and happiness that can possibly be conveyed in these age-old words—“Merry Christmas,^^
Rest Wishes for Holiday Health, Happiness and Prosperity from the Following Firms:
PETER ANDERSON 525 Alabama
THE FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
THE FASHION East Side of Square
University Book Store Across from the Union
SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main St.
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
BOSSUNG Shoe Rebuilding Phone 2240 221 State St., W. L.
Baltimore Clothes Shop 414 Main St.
GREEN GABLES Curb Service Between Main and Brown Levees
EISENBACH JEWELRY 504 Main St.
GEISLER'S 500 Main St.
Moore & Kemple Hardware 330 Main St.
DECKER'S 518 Main St.
Edgerton Hardware, Inc. In the Village Phone 4354
T & R OIL CO. Bonded Oil Products Between the Levees
West Side Cleaners Vine & Northwestern
GULLIONS, Inc.
Clothes for Men
220 N. 3rd St. 316 State St., W. L. Phone 2237
City Meat And Poultry
SOUTHWORTH'S Purdue College Book Store IN THE VILLAGE
TRIPLE XXX Root Beer — Curb Service Half way up the Hill
h
'f