>[ k,' ^[ ”'-' ' < '■ ‘' ' '' " • ' ' ' ' • ' ' ^ . ^ '
Ms Pe.t h“''
'” ' - 1 V p ^ ^ ^ j-)h^> *1^ ' ' ,|;®||V|‘
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fail? warmer, today; tomorrow, snow and colder in north portion.
Purdue Exponent
Z.1M
FRIDAY Marcii3,ld09 Icdbyefto» fiDufiana Vol.50 No. 128
mii' / H'Wi
m
400 Cotillion Bids Band Leader Juniors Wiil Enter Students To Stage
> Put On Sale Today Four hundred tickets for Sophomore Cotillion, March 17, go on sale today at $2 per couple. The tickets were distributed to members of Skull and Crescent, sponsors ^ of the dance, during last night’s meeting in the Union. “Tickets are available to all the classes, but we v^^ant the sophomores to feel that this is their dance,” said the committee last night. “The juniors and seniors have the Prom; ^ the freshmen have the Green Potters’ Dance; and the sophomores, the Cotillion.” ^ Happy Felton’s band, who will play for the dance features the singing of Louise Barre and Ken > Nealy and a large group of other entertainers. ' High School Sedioy > Busketbali Results AT LAFAYETTE— Jefferson 46, Monitor 21. r Montmorenci 22, Romney 19. West Side 83, Dayton 17. AT ATTICA— Wallace 29, Mellott 20. Williamsport 29, PerrysArille 11. Covington 36, West Lebanon 20. AT BOSWELL— ^ Wadena 22, Earl Park 16. Otterbein 36, Freeland Park 30. AT CRAWFORDSVILLE- , Alamo 34, Niw Richmond 21. ^ Wingate 26, Ladoga 20. AT ELKHART— Elkhart 44, Middlebury 33. ^ Bristol 36, Maugo 24. AT PORT WAYNE— South Side (Fort Wayne 38, Central (Port Wayne) 32. * AT FRANKFORT— Colfax 31, Kirklin 21. Michigantown 36, Jefferson 30. ^ AT INDIANAPOLIS Speedway 28, Manual (Ind.) 26. Southport 34, Tech (Ind.) 20. AT LEBANON— f Thorntown 32, Pinnell 30. Jamestown 38, Whitestown 19. AT LOGANSPORT— Logansport 41, Onward 24. ^ Young America 43, Lucerne 19. AT MISHAWAKA— Riley (South Bend) 62, Washingf ton (South Bend) 27. Lakeville 44, Woodrow Wilson 24. AT MONTICELLO— Monticello 60, Burnettsville 23. *' Chalmers 33, Reynolds 20. AT NEW CASTLE— Middletown 32, Straughn 27. ^ New Castle 48, Mt. Summit 22. AT RENSSELAER— Remington 40, DeMotte 19. Morocco 36, Pair Oaks 20. ^ AT ROCHESTER— Fulton 20, Talma 15. Medaryville 36, Star City 31. * Akron 29, Rochester 27. AT TERRE HAUTE— Gerstmeyer (Terre Haute) 47, f Wiley (Terre Haute) 18. Honey Creek 30, Wiley (Terre Houte) 29. ^ AT VALPARAISO— Chesterton 31, Wheeler 16. Tolleston (Gary) 36, Hebron 16. Horace Mann (Gary) 66, Wash- , ingtop Twp. 12.
“Happy” Felton Will Play for Sophomore Cotillion
Students Discuss Teaching Methods Discussing “Educational Plans For Purdue and Chicago” and “The Educated Man of the Twentieth Century,” two students from the University of Chicago and two fi;opi Purdue began an open forum meeting in room 9 of the Education Building yesterday afternoon. Webb Fiser and Byron Kabot spoke for Chicago, while Margaret Jones and Robert Spitzer represented Purdue. After listening to the discussion for half an hour, the 60 faculty members and students present asked the boys from Chicago questions about Hutchins’ “Chicago Plan,” the importance of technical training versus social training, and the comparison between Chicago’s/ teaching methods and Purdue’s. Because of the success of the forum, Mr. R. M. Horn, chairman, announced that an attempt will be made to have similar meetings in the near future. Spindler Will Speak For Forestry Club Dr. G. W. Spindler, honorary member of the Forestry Club, will tell of his experiences in the old flatboating and steamboating days on the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers at a meeting of the club in the Horticulture Building Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. Clem Romeiser, president of Xi Sigma Pi, forestry scholastic honorary, stressed the fact that this talk will be of special interest to juniors and seniors in forestry. Refreshments will be served and a report of the recent Foresters’ Ball will be read for approval. Union Will Distribute Directory Additions Supplements to the student directory will be out the first of next week, according to an announcement made by Mary McClelland, Union vice-president. These will include addresses of new students and changes of address of old students.
Preliminary Round Of Speech Contest Meeting in room 301 of University Hall next Tuesday, junior engineers will enter the preliminary round of the annual Hanley Speech Contest. Those who wish to enter may register with Bob Carr, varsity manager on the forensic board, at the Delta Tau Delta house, or merely appear at the appointed time and place. On Wednesday, March 8, the survivors will compete for a chance at the finals for all classes to be held in April. Two from each class will go into the final round, the freshmen and sophomores having already been chosen and the seniors, to be selected March 27 and 28. Subject matter of the speech is limited only in that it must deal with the economic aspect of some engineering topic. Judges have not yet been selected but will consist of one man from each of the economics, speech, and engineering departments. The contest was started by.a donation from William Hanley, ME '11, general superintendent for Eli Lilly at Indianapolis, as an incentive for engineers to learn something of economics in addition to the ability to express themselves. Australian Debate' Team Meets Varsity In Eliza Fowler Hall Debaters from two Australian universities will meet the Purdue team Tuesday, March 7 at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall to discuss the question “Resolved: That the achievements of science have created merely an illusion of progress.” Hugh Robson, Sydney University, and Fred Thonemann, University of Melbourne, compose the Australian team which will support the proposition. Bob Sasser, ME '39, and Joseph Yamamoto, EE '40, members of the Purdue varsity debate team, will take the opposing side. A reception will follow the debate at which time members of the audience may meet the debaters. Date For Submitting Prom Plans Boosted “None of the decoration plans so far submitted have proven satisfactory. The deadline date has been boosted two weeks, till March 16,” said Vincent Hruby, chairman of the Prom decoration committee. The decorations should include a detailed plan for a backdrop, wall and entrance decorations. The plans must be accompanied by an itemized list of expenditures. Complete plans must not exceed $200. Decorations for the cafeteria do not need to be included.
Sell Planes To Dictators? Poll Says No
* By Joe Belden, Editor (Student Opinion Survey America) ^ American foreign policy has once more flared in headlines recently ► with President Roosevelt’s announcement that the United States is ^ helping the democracies of the entire world to keep in stride in the European arms race. American ^ public opinion approves, 3 to 2, according to the Gallup Poll. But college students are pretty well divided V on the issue. By the slim majority of 2.8 per cent, American collegians last week * voted in favor of selling war planes to democracies and not to dictator- ^ ships, it is pointed out in a national referendum conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America ^ for the Exponent and other cooperating college newspapers. ^ Closest Poll To Date Although students have been found ^ usually more liberal in their views
than the average citizen,,this time they have registered their opinions in the closest poll of the 24 subjects used to date by the Student Opinion Surveys. / Perhaps students are more apprehensive of the fact that if such a policy leads this country into war within the next few years they will be among the first to be called to the front. The question asked of a carefully selected cross-section everywhere over the nation was, “Do you approve of the United States selling planes to the so-called democratic countries and not to the so-called dictator countries ?” Approve 62.8 per cent Disapprove 47.2 per cent As January ended, the President blankly told the senate military affairs committee that the United States should aid Great Britain and France in thwarting the objectives of the Rome-Berlin-Tokyo axis.
Shortly before it had been disclosed that with the President’s blessing France had been sold 600 latest-type
military planes.
Students Voice Opinions Students who agree with the President stated that the democracies must stay together at any cost in stemming the tide of Fascism. Others believe the sale of aircraft will help economically and will aid
the industry.
On the other hand the majority of those opposing say we should sell war materials to no one because strained relations and entanglements are sure to-be the outcome. Almost none at all favored selling planes to the dictators to the exclusion of the democracies. Dividing the ballots sectionally, the Middle Atlantic, West Central, and the Southern states showed approval of the question more than other sections by a few percentage points.
Musical Comedy For All Cam[»js Show This year’s All-Campus Show, an annual feature presented each spring by students, will take form as a musical comedy. In charge of, the production are the musical and playshop conunittees. John Dietrich will stage the show, acting will be directed by Ken Carmichael, and A. P. Stewart will be in charge of the
musical organizations.
Petitions filled by students wishing to take part in the production have reached a total of 66, filling nine of the 11 positions available. All petitioners will take part in the show; business staffs, ticket sales workers, and property and stage positions will be filled from these
66.
Committees mentioned above are considering a suitable manuscript, and the choice of the show will be announced soon. Twenty-three hundred tickets will be sold for the four days run. Slate Florist Group Closes Conference With Floral Musical Flowers for different occasions was the theme of the Floral Musical program presented in Fowler Hall at the close of the Twelfth Annual Indiana Florists’ Conference which took place Wednesday and yesterday. Highlights of the program were the “Junior* Prom,” in which the four Debris beauty winners were ' presented; “New Year’s Eve,” with a representation of Father Time and the spirit of the New Year; “Mothers’ -Day,” for which Eva Robertson, violinist, played; and the Grand Finale in which the combined Concert Choir and Glee Club sang the “Italian Street Song” from “Naughty Marietta.” A. P. Stewart conducted the University Glee Club as it accompanied the representations in the first part of the program,^ and the Concert Choir during the last part. Puppet Shaw Given At YWCA Meeting By Patterson, Wife “Puppets are made as simply as possible,” said Prof. Patterson just before the puppet show which he and Mrs. Patterson presented yesterday afternoon at an open YWCA meeting in the Union Building. The puppet show entitled “The Willow Plate” is a Chinese love story. It is based on the pattern of the popular blue and white willow plates. Prof, and Mrs. Patterson make their own puppets. They explained that the heads were first modelled in clay and then made of paper mache. The cleverly costumed dolls are moved by a series of strings attached to their joints. Before the puppet show Prof. Patterson explained that puppets may play many parts. “They are a religion to some,” he said, “because they have played in integral parts in the religion of the past.” He added that they are a business—a profession—to others. “But to us,” he commented, “they are fun. They are something which we turn to after hours.” Stewart Addresses Illinois Fraternities Speaking on the subject “Dormitories and Fraternities,” R. B. Stewart, University Controller, was one of the featured speakers at the annual interfratemity dinner held at the University of Illinois Wednesday night. Stating that both fraternities and dormitories are necessary for a well-rounded student body, he then pointed out that the University can use the dormitory to improve fraternities by setting certain standards of living.
Joe Cappo Will Play For Military Formal Tonight
Debate Team To Talk
On 'Australian Girl' Members of the Australian debate team, H. R. Robson and Fred Thonemann, will discuss “The Australian Girl” and “The Australian University,” Tuesday afternoon, March 7, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. The team will meet the University debate squad the following evening, March 8, at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history and economics department is chaii’man of afternoon meeting which is being sponsored by WSGA, Student Senate, and the Forensic
Board.
Modeling, Sketching Leading Attractions Of Puttering Room “Most people have talents that they really don’t know about,” explains Bob Parks, art director of the puttering room last night. “Anyone having any artistic ability or really interested in some phase of art, and willing to spend a little time, can usually develop talents he didn’t know he possessed,” Parks continued enthusiastically. The art room has been open just two weeks and has already helped a number of students spend their “off” moments. During the week of February 23 to March 1, 380 people took advantage of opportunity offered. Saturday and Tuesday were by far the biggest days. Clay Modeling First Clay modeling is the choice of most artists, followed closely by charcoal and pencil sketching. Interest has also been shown in oil and water colors, linoleum blocks, pastel work, leather tooling and metal work. All supplies and materials ai’e free with the exception of leather and metal. Any article painted, molded or carved is the property of the producer at no charge. The tower room in the'^ Union houses the puttering room and is open from 10 in the morning until everyone is finished at night.
Uniforms; Corsages Taboo Tonight from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom, members, pledges, andguests of Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, will swing to the music of Joe Cappo and his orchestra at their formal dance. Programs are available in the supply room of the Armory for actives and pledges today, and the remainder will be passed out at the door during the evening. As regards to dress, it was emphasized by the committee in charge that only actives and pledges should wear uniforms and that corsj^es would not be necessary. For guests tux or tails will be in order. A plain backdrop, upon which 60 specially prepared slides of scenes from Camp at Fort Knox will be projected, changing every three minutes throughout the evening will form the decorations. The slides were obtained at some cost and should prove of interest to those who are contemplating camp attendance, according to Bob Heine, the chairman of the dance committee. Indianapolis Police Locate Henry Tipps Henry W. Tipps, Sci., ’37, missing from the University since Monday evening after apparently brooding for some time over an unknown trouble, was found Thursday morning in Indianapolis according to a telet3^e report received from the
capital city police.
Tipps’ father, who came here from his home in Salem Wednes-day,-was informed and left for Indianapolis to meet his son. The father planned to return to Salem
with young Tipps.
Music Room Program To Feature Pianists Ruth and Noel Lee, youthful pianists, are preparing a recital to be presented Sunday at 4 p. m. in the music room of the Union. Both pianists are known to music patrons, having played for various audiences throughout Lafayette, and on the music room program in
February last year.
Scribe Interviews Carmichael
Reporter Corners Big Shots Of Swing By R. E. Insley. Next to engineers, the craziest people in the world are musicians! If you don’t believe it, go back stage next time you get a chance to see Hoagy Carmichael, Tommy Dor-/ sey and Edsdhe Wright together. We were lucky Wednesday night and managed to squeeze by the stage door bloodhounds down in Indianapolis where the trio were doing an NBC coast-to-coast program. ’ Two minutes before they went on the air, Hoagy suddenly felt .the urge to run over one obscure part in his River Boat Shuffle that he was scheduled to do on the broadcast. With the help of a stooge, aiy^ old dilapidated piano was located back in a dark corner of the practice ballroom under the stage proper. “Never mind the light,” Hoagy said casually, “I never was very hot at reading music anyway.” Stage Into Studio While NBC engineers turned the theater stage into a temporary studio, someone handed Hoagy the script that he was to read seven minutes hence. Dorsey had already terminated his regular scheduled stage appearance a few minutes before and there was nothing left to do but introduce the announcer Lyle Yann, and the engineers, and the
control man. This concluded, the boys still had five minutes to kiB before the signal from New York, so they started noatching jokes. When we mentioned Purdue to Hoagy after the show he brightened up and reminisced on the time, back in ’22, when he was run in as an extra piano player at a dance here at the Sigma Chi house. He had a little trouble reading the boys’ arrangements; so they threw away the music and just had a good old swing session. “I had definite palpitations of the heart Monday when you lads beat the old Alma Mater up at Lafayette,” said Hoagy, “but I stiU think I. U. will come out on top^ Lost $2 On L U. Hoagy’s dad, also back stage, was still fretting over the two dollars he lost on the same game. Carmichael senior is a consulting engineer in Indianapolis, Hoagy’s home town. Hoagy’s mother, tiny, with gray hair, rang the gong for the evening when she sat down at the piano and tore off several verses to Maple Leaf Rag, one of the first songs Hoagy ever played. Dorsesr’s sponsors were present for the broadcast, hence we didn’t get to see much of Tommy. We managed to stop Edythe Wright running around the dossing room long enough to beg an autographed pio,ture.£dihfdaL
THE POBDXIE EXPONEMT
J-sedtuMA,
Friday. March 3,1939
Keep Off The Grass... . . . has been the admonition presented by a good many editorials appearing in these columns in the past. Right now we would like to make the same request concerning the lawn bet^en the Library and the Union—^but we hesitate out of pity for unfortunate students who would haye to walk the extra distance around the sidewalks between the two build- \ ings several times a day. The fact remains, however, that the lawn in front of the Library is being efficiently destroyed by the widespread trampling it receives. To remedy the situation we suggest that a board walk consisting of several nice, long planks be constructed as a temporary detour. It would certainly not be tremendously expensive to lay a double row of wide boards across the lawns along the shortest route between the Union and the Library. Although this walk might hurt the lawn where it is laid, the great majority of the area would not be trampled and the percentage of muddy feet would be greatly decreased. The sidewalk alongside the east end of the Union was opened to traffic yesterday after bejng blocked for weeks by sand and gravel piles. We hope that the contractor may be able to keep this walk open, because his sand piles have been the object of much fervent griping by the people who have had to detour into the street. New buildings under construction always create somewhat of a mess in their vicinity. Around the University campus this mess consists chiefly of mud and interrupted sidewalks. Board walks could relieve the sidewalk situation; a little judicious shoveling and scraping could eliminate the mud. Some of that shoveling and scraping would produce valuable results if applied to the campus entrances which have become choked with mud from the excavating trucks.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Octoher 8, 1017, authorized January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Siuumer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager l.R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, K. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. - .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors— — Joy Johnson, " Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
Editor Associate Editors-
SPORTS STAFF R. L. McDonald — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRB8ENTIED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National'Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve 420 Madison AVE. New York, N.Y. CMicAso ' Boston ■ Los Ahseles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue_ University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by Uie editor-in-chied.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Massey Friday, March 3, 1939
Collegiate^ from Coast-To’Coast By Alberta Densford A novel type of decoration was featured at Indiana University’s Military Ball last Saturday night. The scheme was a large sphere, 30 inches in diameter which hung from the ceiling. The ball, which was covered with tiny mirrors, tinsel, ribbons, and reflectors was turned by a concealed motor. The entire scheme of the dance was carried out in military fashion, with the decorations in red, white, and blue. —C— At Northwestern University the Pan-Hellenic Council has asked sororities to postpone “courtesy week” because of the influenza epidemic. But the epidemic has only postponed this week of bliss for the pledges, not cancelled it. —C— It seems that two Indiana University students caused some anxiety to the lady who is purchasing agent for the fraternity house when they announced over a microphone attached to the radio on first floor that Hitler had declared war on the United States. She hurried to the telephone to call her relatives, her son being a member of the United States Reserve Corps in California. When she frantically told the house workers what had happened, the houseman began to laugh and explained to her that it was just a prank. —C— A survey made by two Ohio State University students gave definite proof to the fact that today’s coeds are in need of men to escort
them to social and good-time functions. And so an escort service has been established on the campus. More than three-fourths of 213 girls questioned said they would use the bureau to get dates for visiting friends, while half of them said they would use it for their own benefit. It seems that some of the most popular girls are the most interested, probably because of the novelty of the idea. If requests are made, photographs of the escorts Will be furnished.
By Betty Wickard Show: “Gunga Din.” Where: New Main. When: Feb. 26-Mar. 4. Rudyard Kipling, historian of the British soldier in India, wrote an immortal poem about a native water carrier and his courage. RKO Radio based a script on the poem, cast an inspired trio, Victor McLag-
len, Cary Grant, and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., in the principal roles and created a box-office success, as witnessed by the lines forming each night at the New Main Theatre. McLaglen, Grant, and Fairbanks are the “three mousquiteers” of the service. There is no real plot to to the picture, no love story unless the appearance and departure of Joan Fontaine may be called a love story, but the narrow scrapes and mad adventures of the trio in their warfare agslinst treacherous natives makes an extra long picture absorbing entertainment. McLaglen is well cast as McChesney, the toughest man in the service, and Sam Jaffe plays Gunga Din to the best of his ability, although these white men made up as natives look rather queer sometimes. The three soldiers are impossibly courageous and valiant, as witness Lieutenant Valentine’s (Doug Fairbanks, Jr.) vanquishing of five natives who leaped on him at once, with drawn sabres. It is impossible, it can’t be true, but nobody minds!
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING
CARYIIRANT • VICTOR MCLAGLEN
aad
DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jl
with
Sw Jifl« • Ediunlg Clannelli • kin FooUina
FOETUHE
Shoes that are easy on her eyes, your feet, your budget When you’re shod in the handsome, popular Fortune Shoes, you know your shoes are fashionright. For they’re produced by the maker of a higher-priced line with a real fashion background, and the approving looks of friends confirm your good judgment. Comfortable as they are smart. Fortune Shoes are surprisingly inexpensive. Choose a pair today from our wide selection. B & W Shoe Co. East Side Square
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our New ADULT BEGINNERS CLASS Wed., March 8, 7:00 P. M. P. M. ALLEN Nationally Known Instructor PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
with ROBERT PAIGE JACQUELINE WELLS — and —
4M0N06RAM PICTURt ALSO
iMmA TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
Ricardo Cortez - Virginia Field John Carradine - Joan Carol George Sanders
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
umnanu TODAY-SATURDAY
AMIGHTV EPIC OF ADVENTURE BEYOND THE KHYBERPASS
The at hrave mm valtonf women,-rthetr Jheir love.., In harhoflc borderland of India,
IN qtORtQUS ffCHNtCOtOR with $ A G U RATMOND
The Chi 0-Delt trade dinner was a real success last Wednesday. TOM PETTY was pretty lucky—at least he got a “horseshoe pin” from KAY O’LEARY.
What power some men hold! PAT POTTER came back from the Miami Triad dance of Wabash College with a Phi Delt crested necklace. We hear that SCHLENDORF gently removed said necklace and requested her not to wear it any more. Last week RED SHACKLETON, Beta flash, went home for what was supposed to be a quiet week-end. “RED,” why did all the brothers yell “cigars” at the game, Monday night? and why the blush? The SPE’s are doing all right for themselves in this business of rushing. They enjoyed their trade dinner with the Kappa’s so much that they pledged the girls EN MASSE. Why is JACKIE NICHOLSON not speaking to her roommate, ALLISON LILLY ? Do you really think the Phi Delts are bores, ALLISON ? MARTHA PABST had an escort back from the Chi O house the other night. When MARTHA said she was afraid of the dark, the other Collegiana gals grabbed a rifle and formed an armed escort, which went over and safeguarded MARTHA’S return. The prize of independence toward male escorts should certainly go to JANE HALTOM. With her sudden rise to fame from the beauty contest, JANE has decided that she can wait until Thursday before accepting a date from some poor sucker on Saturday. BOB COEN has been knocking around at the Phi Gam house four years now with little social success. Any co-ed, hard up for a date can call him at 5071. When JIM COFFEE passed out his Phi Kappa pin, he got by with
“You mean to say you don’t understand him? Why he said ‘Goo uk floosh wah’ just as plain as day!”
losing only a box of cigars ... seems that roommate, JOE ZETTEL had the big loss ... JOE gets $50 a year from Pop for not indulging in the weed habit... he was so overcome by “Woman-Hater” COFFEE’S pin pushing that he felt forced to indulge in one of the gratis smokes . . consequently, minus 50 bucks for Sappo . . . anyhow, he says it was worth the money to see young love prosper. As usual, we rate about 99% of the hatred on this campus . . . and here’s proof too clever to go unrewarded . . . thanks chum. Oh gee. Miss B and B A ship I’d wreck To get my hands Around your neck; But I’ll refrain From choking you To save the honor Of Old Purdue . . .
WBAA
THE VOICE OP PURDUE”
—Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick ly12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—American Road Builders Program. 11:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—“Americanism” Dr. Charles \ Robertson. 1:30—Sectional High School Basketball Tournament, 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Sectional High School Basketball Tournament.
SATURDAY ONE DAY ONLY
ON OUR STACE • PERSON!^.
— ADMrSSION — ALL SEATS 25c ii:3o.i:oo ALL SEATS 30c 1:00to2:00 2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING: 15c-30c-40c
STAGE SHOWS AT;
:20 - 3:30 - 5:40
LAST DAY
• ON THE SCREEN •it
^" 5”'^, •yis(^ ■''t’Tj V *^’*»'*
< »
Friday, March 3,1939
THE PDBDUE
SfUfutA.
EXPONENT
mism
Wrestlers, Mermen Engage In Home Contests Today
Riveter Swimmers Face
Spartans Here Tonight still gunning for their first dual meet victory of the season, Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity swimmers will meet the visiting tanksters from Michigan State in the Fieldhouse pool at 7:30 tonight. The Spartans outscored the Riveters 45-39 in last year’s meet held at East Lansing, Mich. Purdue’s hopes for triumph will
hinge upon repeated fine performances by free-styler Tuxworthy, diver Wildhack, and distartce swimmer Graham. In a time trial held at last night’s practice session. Tuxworthy splashed the 60-yard free style in 24.6 seconds. If he swims as well tonight, there should be no doubt about the success of this event. Finishing close behind Graham in the last few meets, Siler, sophomore 220-yard free-styler, has improved greatly this season and will no doubt aid the Boilermakers tonight. Still On The Sick Mst With several of his regulars still on the sick list. Coach Larry LaBree expects tonight’s meet to be closely contested. Craig, experienced Boilermaker diver, is definitely out for the rest of the season because of a back injury he received while diving in the Indiana meet at Bloomington. LaBree expects to use Wildhack and Pahmer in the dives; Tuxworthy, Lahey, and Armstrong in the 50-yard free style; Tredwell and
Haver in the backstroke; Lahey and Armstrong in the 100-yard free style; Tredwell, Carr, and Tuxworthy in the medley relay; Siler and Graham in the 220 and 440-yard free style events; Carr, and Moller or MacCammon in the breast stroke with Armstrong, Lahey, Tuxworthy and Ancker or Harris in the free style relay.
WAA News
• Mixed Recreation Eds and co-eds are again invited to the Women’s Gymnasium tonight from 7:30 to 9:30 to spend an evening of mixed recreation featuring volleyball, badminton, ping pong, deck tennis, and swimming. The program is sponsored by Purdue Sportswomen. A fee of 10 cents is required of men using the swimming pool. All other sports are without charge.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SqVABE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
CONVENIENT IMMACULATELY CLEAN For Your Guests On the Corner of the Campus And in the Center of Activity YET PLEASANT, QUIET and •r-5 COMFORTABLE Make Reservations Now THE UNION CLUB JhsL fiWtduJL Ttlmw^ioL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Intramural Musings By Jim Hebbeler It really isn’t a matter of life and death boys—meaning the fraternity basketball players who, from reports drifting around the Fieldhouse, seem to be going in for the game with their fists as well as hearts. As a matter of fact one of our football greats took a swing at the ref the other night and connected. In the game between the DUs and the SAEs the former team resented the attitude of the ofiBcial and tried to do something about it. They still lost. The Kappa Sig team is in the best spot to take the fraternity “A” net title at present, having captured the winners’ bracket and now await the victor in the losers bracket to play for the championship. The Kappa Sigs are undefeated and must be beaten twice before being eliminated, while the winner in the losers’ bracket will have lost one game and will be ousted with a sin-
gle defeat.
Kappa Sigma beat the Betas in the finals of the winner’s bracket, making the Betas and Lambda Chis the finalists in the losers’ division to meet tonight. In the wards, three tourneys are to be started in the near future, badmipton, bowling, and squash. Sheets are now up on the intramural bulletin board on which entries may sign. The “B” basketball tournament is started, with first round of games being played at present and more scheduled for tonight.
Ohio State, Michigan Rated Tops For Big Ten Tank Meet Here Held at Purdue for the first time in the school’s history, the 29th annual Big Ten swimming meet will bring the greatest group of swimmers in the national collegiate field to the new Boilermaker pool on Friday and Saturday, March 10-11. Preliminaries in diving and the 60yard free style wilf be held jon Friday afternoon, preliminaries in all other events on Friday night, and the finals in all events on Saturday
night.
Boasting men who have dominated the national collegiate championships in recent years, the exceptional rivalry between Ohio State and Michigan, generally conceded to be the teams that will fight it out for the championship, will act as a spur to the record-breaking activities of the brilliant field. Last year the Buckeyes nosed out Michigan in the Big Ten title fight, only to have the Wolverines come back and snatch away the national collegiate honors by one point. Closer Rivalry The rivalry between the two universities has been even closer this year and is expected to come to a climax in the title tussle here. In a pair of dual meets during the regular season, neither team has been able to win a decision, both meets ending in 42-42 ties. Advance ticket orders for the three sessions of the meet are now being accepted.
TOBACCOSBriggs — Bond Street — Raleigh — Edgeworth — Prince Albert — Velvet — Half and Half — Model — Friends — Union Leader
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Are You Collar Blind?
SHORT NECK! Wear Arrow GORDON or TREND—^long points give your neck altitude.
If you want to make the most of your face, select Arrow white shirts with the right style collar to fit your type of neck. Arrow whites are ^worldfamous, revolutionary in design and renown for the bestfitting, best-looking collars that ever circled a neck. Arrow whites go with all your suits, always smart, always right.
LONG NECK! Wear Arrow WINDSOR (with tab or tabless collar) — short points cut down altitude.
NORMAL NECK! Wear Arrow RADNOR — round points, very dressy. In fact, all Arrows look well on you
Gordon Oxford and Trump are two Arrow shirts every college man should own . . . they’re long on wear and short on the purse-strings. Only $2*
Arrow shirts are Sanforized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%)
ARROW SHIRTS
Matmen Face Kent State Here Today In Final Meet
In the concluding match of this year’s schedule, the Gold
and Black grapplers will take their place in the ring against the highly-touted men from Kent State this afternoon at 4 o’clock
" in the Fieldhouse.
Cary Hall 10 Gagers Defeat Ward 2A For Class 'A' Net Laurels Led by forward Eichelberg, who dropped in 6 field goals for a total of 12 points, the Cary Hall 10 hardwood quintet defeated the Ward 2A cagers, 24-19, in a hard-fought battle for the class “A” ward basketball championship. The tilt, which was played Wednesday night, was a fast moving affair, featuring brilliant floor work and some close guarding by both teams. The lead changed hands several times during the game and was tied up 12-12 at the half. In the middle of the second period, the Cary Hall boys dropped in a barrage of shots to take the lead which they never relinquished.
CARY HALL (24) Eichelberg, f Faut, f Conklin, c Emmert, g Klein, g
WARD 2A (19) Harpster, f Winger, f Mad4fii> ^ Goldsberry, c Clark, g Stiver, g Spreuer, g Eholl, g
FG 6 0 4 0 0
FG 0 0 3 4 0 1 0 0
FT 0 0 1 0 3
FT 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3
PF 2 0 1 0 2
PF 0 3 a 1 2 1 1 1
TP 12 0 9 0 3
TP 0 0 6
The competitive record of this year’s mat squad has been the most impressive since wrestling was established as a minor sport on this campus. Chances of bettering this record are somewhat enlightened by the return to condition of most of Reeck’s influenza victims. Kent Here Yesterday Arriving in town yesterday, the Kent State team and their coach, Joe Begala, were at the Fieldhouse a short time yesterday afternoon doing some muscle-loosening exercise. Following tneir encounter with Purdue, the Ohioans will draw the cm tain on wrestling activities when they meet Findlay College tomorrow. The Findlay squad is coached by a former football and mat luminaiy, Howard Kissell. Coaches Begula and Reeck announce that the probable matching in today’s battle will be as follows: 121 pound class—^Wilber (K),Berkheiser (P); 128 pounds—Doan (K), Allmon (P); 136 pounds—Bruno (K), Dix or Linderman (P); 145 pounds—Sivon (K), Tyrrell or Papurch (P); 155 pound—Swasey (K) Lederer (P); 165 pounds—^Papushak (K), Post (P); 175 pounds— Ashcauer (K), Shriber (P); heavyweight class—Falcone (K), Rossi or Aronson (P).
That Fresh As a Daisy Look! Spring brings a freshness * that must be paralleled in your clothes. Let us bring new sparkle to your garments.
Pep Up Your Appearance Your old clothes will have new snap and dash after we have cleaned and restored them Ours is finest workmanship
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
Q* Can A Dress Shirt Be Comfortable? A. Yes! Our Arrow Shoreham, with, collar attached, is both the smartest and most comfortable shirt you can wear with black tie. It has the worldnonous Arrow collar, a soft pleated front and M^toga better-fit design. $3. Other Arrow Dress Shirts $3.go to $3^ DEWENTER'S
416 Main
Phone SaOl*
3tixaL OdA,
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
*l^ntlcoA.
Fridci;y, March 3,1939
MarsVf ill Feature Foilsmen Fate lllini Maestro Hudson To
In Final Tuneup For Swing For Session
Conference Meet
Mexican Dancer, Carl Freed's Band Stais and headhneis fiom three New Yoik levues of last season have been brought togethei to head “Calling All Stars,” which appears at the Mars Theatie Saturday Sharing headline honors are Rosita, Mexican singer and dancer, and Carl Freed, and his orchestra, which has been heaid over the air waves nightly for the past few sea-
sons
Billy Bui t performs intricate bal let and tap routines on the top of a small table Stake Brothers and Pearl will present then knockabout teeter board act, and Heller and Riley wnll offer added comedy and laugh« On the screen Helen Mack is fea tuied ni “Gambling Ship” Intramural Schedule
Toda> Court 1—Kurtz 00—Ward 2 vs Ward 6X 15—Ward 6 vs Ward 6 25—^Ward 10 vs Ward 4 40—Ward lOX vs Ward 12A Court 2—Aronson 00—Ward 11 vs Ward 3 15—Ward 32 vs Waid 14 25—Ward 13 vs Ward 2B 40—Cary Hall 1 vs Ward 4X Couit 3—^Kechenbach 00—Ward 7 vs Ward 12 15—Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 4 2~)—Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall o 40—Ward 15 vs Ward 2X Court 4—Swing: Witsman 00—Lambda Chi Alpha \s Beta Theta Pi (A) lo—Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Kappa Psi IB) ‘25—Alpha Gamma Eho vs Beta Theta Pi (B) 40—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon (B)
are requested to attend a meeting at the WAA office in the Woman's Gym at 4 Frt« day March 8 The purpose of the meeting IS to appoint a committee for the Penny Carnival —SHASSER
In a final tuneup foi the conference meet next week-end Coach Finney’s fencers face Illinois at Urbana tomorrow The squad will be after its first victory of the season The Riveters will consist of Maierson, Hoffman, and Marden, Pitcher or Sink at third position in the foils Levin, Bob Meier, and either Mort Meier or Soloff will make up the epee team, while the sabre team will be made up of Captain Stepath, Weldy, and Schmidt or Neptune
Swing fans will have an oppor'tunity to hear Saturday night’s
mixer maestio. Dean Hudson, in a jam session before the mixer from
7 to 8 in the Union ballroom Hudson, who brings his band here
from West Palm Beach, Fla, will piesent many special numbers including his own arrangements of Purdue songs. Honored guests on the progiam will be the members
of the University Glee Club Union officials announced that
standing room will not be available and that the doors will be closed
as soon as all seats are taken
Activities Bureau: Will my committee please report for work assignments Friday March 3 at 4 p m in room B of the Union —LUTZ
Freshman Engineers All those eni oiled in GE 2 (Engineering Lectures) report as follows Saturday March 4 at 8 a m A E room 129 Electrical Engineering Building F-K lecture room Civil Engineering Building L-R lecture room Michael Golden Shops S Z room 264, Electrical Engineering Building —KNAPP
Lambda Kappa The regular meeting will be postponed for one week All Lutheran students are invited to attend the Walter League party in the St James school hall on Sunday March 5, at 8 p m —OTT
Exponent Editorial, Sports, and Co-ed Staffs There will be a very important meeting Wednesday March 8 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 16 p m —STANBACK
Student Union Will my committee please meet in the student Union office Friday March 3 at 4 p m —McClelland
Poultry Club Members Dues are payable before Friday March 10th —JENKINS
Delta Rho Kappa Orders for keys must be given to me by Monday March 6 —ESTEY
MISCELLANEOUS
Union Sophomores Please report to me concerning work shop schedule some time before Monday March 6 Very important —RICHARDSON
TYPEWRITERS, all makes standard and portable sold, purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main street.
In
INSIST on Chambeilin s Ice Cream diana s finest Phone 3028
FOR SALE
Union Freshmen Will the following freshman workers please report to the Union woik shop Friday March 3 at 4 P m C Brandt Gordon Chapin G C Dodson R Fox B Hawkinson D Me Daniel H Peterson Carl Tafel W Yeag ley G E Adams Charlotte Braude M Fink Maiion Jacobs Helen Lange Enid Sidtr and Jeane Weil —RICHARDSON
Alpha Phi Omega No meeting this week (1 3) —STRADLING
Ceres (1 3)
Open meeting postponed —HORNER
CE 62 Highways Examinations for the removal of C ferades will be held Saturday afternoon, March 4 m room 206 CE Build-
WATCHES CLEANED $1 00 Mam springs $100 Ciystals 26c ad 35c Alarm clocks cleaned 60d Work guaranteed Kellars Watch Shop 223 Mam
The Oregon State College museum has been given a huge stuffed moose from—of all people — the Loyal Order of Moose
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—One half of double room for male student Twin beds 224 N Salisbury Phone 61774
VACANCY for two men students room and board Eighteen meals per week desirable new home innersprmg beds, con tmuous hot water \thirty dollars per month 805 N Vine St Phone 579'"3
Riding Club Breakfast ride Sunday March 5 at 8 a m Those wishing to go call me at 4944 —SUMMERS Independent Men Anyone interested m participating m ward badminton squash or bowling sign up on respective blanks on intramural bulletin board (3 8) —MIDDLETON SAE Deadline for legistiation m the William B Stout essay contest has been extended until Saturday Maich 4 Those interested register m the mam office of the ME Building —MITCHELL Purdue Sportswomen All sportswomen
JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS OPENS Sat., Mar. 4th, 7:00 P. M. FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., Mar. 9th, 7:00 P. M. P M Allen, Instructor Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
DEAD LINE From $4.50 to $5.00
TODAY at 6:00 p* m*
mg Students planning to take this examination must present the permit form countersigned by the Controller s Office —PETTY NYA Workers Checks for period ending February 16 may be obtained at the cashier 8 office in the Executive Building (1-3) —HOLLENSBB
N Phillips, 6 Blaygrace M Ward, B J Fisher K Merritt L Heiser, K Ade, E Rubright F C CalWell, R Wiley, E Harrison, P McFarland M Schroeder, H. Haller, E Swift, M Baldwin N Davidson, I Irwin M Bailey, E Westover, D Schilling, L Thomas Courts will be available every Monday, Friday, and Saturday afternoons V——. —FISHLEIGH.
Playshop The spring party will be held Saturday March 11, from 9 to 12 p m in the Union faculty lounge There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett forty cents per couple —HETTEMA
Scriveners Meeting Sunday, March 6, at 7 46 p m at 126 West Lutz Ave Gueste coming Bring manuscripts —JUSTIN
Individual WAA Tournaments Badminton ping pong, shuffleboard and deck tennis every day this week All first matches must be played off this week If unable to do this, please notify Fiahleigh 4051 for badminton Schiller 31741 for ping pong and shuffleboard (3 3) —CASE
Scabbard and Blade: Riflery practice dally range Tryouts for the team will extend from 4 to 6 p m in the Fieldhouse rifle throughout the week (8-4) —FRANCOS ME 31 Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 81 will be held Saturday March 18, at 1 p m in room 801 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11 —MESSERSMITH
Swimming Recreational swimming every day at 4 p m Beginners’ non-credit class Wednesday and Friday at 4 p m (3-3) —CASE
WAA Fencing 4pm (3-3)
Tuesday and Friday at —CASE
WAA Badminton. The following matches must be played off by Monday, March 6 L Hollingsworth D Hendrichson P Clymer, R Shlitter M L Riley, G Walker,
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed^ recreation every Friday night in the Women’s Gym Jeanette Shaffer is in charge (8-8) —FRASER CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st GREVE
GOOD THINGS TO EAT ^jOAL 3[sAAl. dtsJULl
This Sign Might Bring You in the First Time But it would not bring you back. The things that bring back customers are many —among them is CLEANLINESS. Have plenty of clean linen on hand at all times. WE SUPPLY IT “ON A RENTAL BASIS”.
4
<1
MEET
at
WALGREEN'S’' DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
Easter is just around the corner! is time—
To Took over your winter clothes NOW and have them all clewed up nicely BEFORE the Easter rush begins. You’ll probably find out then you have several pieces you’ll want to use during the after-Easter season—because they’ll show up a lot of Reserve Wear after they are freshly cleaned. You’ll be surprised how nice they look I ^Doll-Up^ ” call the