, ‘ ; ;r V‘ .
,) ^
'« J*
Purdue
Z.18S
4^ Volume 5L No. ^9
\, Exponent
Fiidciy; laniiazy 12* 1940
Fourth Annual Rural Youth Program Starts Today
Attendance Of 500 Expected; Registration Begins At 8 O'clock
5,000 Attend Entertainment Festival
Winners Se/ecfecf In Three Divisions Approxiinately 6,000 people last night attended the finals of the annual rural entertainment festival in the JelFerson High School gymnasium. The program, which provided the climax for the week’s entertainment, consisted of fifteen acts presented by the winners of the nine district festivals held all over the state. James R. Wiley, associate professor of animal husbandry, opened the festival with the introduction of F. L. McReynolds, supervisor in recreational work and chairman of the state festtivafl committee. McReynolds briefly S. Wiley surveyed the festival activities. Fifteen Acts Presented With Wiley acting as master of ceremonies, the fifteen acts were presented, after which the decision of the judges was announced. The acts had been divided by the festival committee into three divisions: group acts, school acts, and curtain acts. First place in the group acts went to a skit entitled “Ye Olde Time Festivities, ” which was presented* by a group from Whitley county. Other acts in this division placed in the following order: “The Census Taker,” Bartholomew county; the Geetingsville orchestra of Clinton county; the White family, Randolph county; and “Songs and Styles Through the Years,” a style show by members of Sullivan coun-
ty.
“Toy Shop” Wins First “The Toy Shop,” a short play by members of the Klondike school in (Continued on page 4) Playshop Lab Group Announces Final Dale For Director Petitions Playshop Laboratory Group has announced that petitions for the position of student director of the forthcoming play to be staged by the organizatibn must be turned in by noon tomorrow. Tryouts for acting parts in the production will be held at 4 p. m. Monday in Eliza Fowler Hall. Petitions should state the acting, directing, or other types of stage experience the applicant has been through. Those applying must also state their reason for wanting the job. All applications mi^st be turned in to Chuck Hart, student manager of the Lab group. Play of Composite Nature * The play to be given will be a composite production consisting of six scenes chosen from all outstanding ^lays which have been written since 1400. Each scene will be from 10-15 minutes long. The idea of the production is to give the students an outline of the progress of drama in the past 500 years. The committee which will choose the director and players will consist of; Hart; Gilbert Williams, faculty adviser of the organization; and 0. Kepner, assistant student manager.
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Tonight's Maestro
Rural Youth Program Headliners
Larry Brandon
George Doup
Ace Brigode . . . and his famed Virginian band will provide the downbeat for the annual informal Foresters’ Ball tonight at 9 in the Union ballroom. Brigode’s band plays a distinct style of music which he himself innovated and features the use of “Talkie” song titles. Co-eds desiring may, wear long dresses but no requirement is made. The dance is informal. Tickets are priced at one dollar per couple. Rural Youth delegates are welcome to attend. Name Winners of Cary Scholarships In May Selections for the Jesse Levering Cary Scholarships for 19401941 will be made next May instead of in August as has been the custom in the past. Applications for the awards must be made personally to N. T. Schmalzried, Division of educational reference, before the end of February. Appointees are selected upon their University scholastic record, future promise as scholars, and upon the demonstration of the need for real financial aid. The stipend for each award varies to a 250 dollar maximum. Preference is not granted to any school in the University and all coeds are eligible to compete. Residence in Cary Hall is not necessary for competition, butthose residing there will be given preference.
Larry Brandon, pictured on the left, secretary of the Indiana Farm Bureau, will address rural youth today at 10:30 in the north ballroom of the Union. George Doup, pictured on the right, president of Indiana Rural Youth, will preside at the Rural Youth banquet at 6 o’clock tonight in the north ballroom.
Agriculture Alumni Honor Ag Students At Annual Dinner Activities at the agricultural conference reached their height yesterday at the annual noon dinner of the Agricultural Alumni Association, at which 23 former agricultural students of the University were honored. President E. C. Elliott was the principal speaker of the noon gathering, with V. C. Freeman, associate dean of the school of agriculture and president of the association, presiding. “Distinguished” Awards Made The 23 former students were awarded the coveted “Distinguished Purdue Ag” certificates for outstanding accomplishments in the various livestock and crop projects. These projects are sponsored by state agricultural associations and the University department of agricultural extension. “D. P. A.” awards, for which^nly 46 persons have qualified in the past thirteen years, were made for the first time to John V. O’Neal, Loogootee; John H. Link, Liberty; Eugene Thomas, Liberty; Wayne Halfner, Portland; W. Judson Blackwell, Bargersville; Harold O. Moseley, Peru; Lowell 0. Norris, Manilla; Jesse A. Barlow, Kempton; and Lee Crawford, Milton. Former Winners Repeat Twelve former winners of the award who qualified again this (Continued on page 4)
Magazine Rates Union Bowling
By .Lee Ruffner “Down at old Purdue it’s been the three great B’s, Brown, Brock, and Bylene. And you may not know it right now, but you soon will— there’s a fourth great B and it stands for Bowling.” This is what we found upon leafing through the current issue of the “American Bowling Congress Bulletin” and it preceeded a detailed discussion of the University’s Union in general, and the bowling alleys in particular. Entitled “OLD PURDUE—and new Purdue,” the article, well illustrated with pictures of the campus and the interior and exterior of the Union, gives national recognition to “the majestic Purdue Memorial Union.” Union Pictured We naturally expected the article to be devoted mostly to bowling, but a lot of it was a really comprehensive pictures of the entire Union; what it is for, what it contains, and how it organized. Especially attractive was “An aid of quiet refinement prevades the Union build-
ing and it was here that the officials of the University deemed it advisable to establish bowling alleys.” 20 Teams Organized The rest of the article told how bowling was started here by the University Club as a club activity and how the movement mushroomed almost overnight into 20 teams from various departments of the University. These teams were organized into two leagues which were later sanctioned by the American Bowling Congress. The first competition was held on January 16, 1989 and when the smoke of battle had cleared at the end of the season, the Animal Husbandry and Agricultural Chemistry teams were deadlocked for the title. The later finally won both the title and the plaque that goes with it. Not being any Joe Willman ourselves (the only strike we ever made was in baseball) we were still very much interested in the article because of the interest shown in the Union itself in things other than the part of it that the bulletin was most concerned with.
350 Attend Annual Dairy Banquet; Newman, Siess, Gannon Eleded Officers “If equilibrium is ,to be maintained it will be maintained due to the efforts of the man on the land,” was stated by Director Reed of the Agricultural Experiment Station of the University at the forty-ninth annual Indiana Dairy Association dinner held last night for 360 at 5:30 in the Union ballroom. Dean Reed spoke also of the progress that has been made in the dairy industry since the first meeting of the association held January 16, 1891 in the State House at Indianapolis. Officers of the organization for 1940 were announced. These officers are John Newman, president; Fred Siess, vice-president; and Ed' Gannon, secretary-treasurer. New presidents for the Guernsey, Jersey, Holstein, Ayrshire, and Brown Swiss associations were also introduced. The four members of the Purdue judging team who jouj;’neyed to California last October and won third honors in the National Dairy Show were presented. This team was composed of Vick Stine, Tim Blosser, Bob Waugh, and Billy Poor, coached by Prof, James Hilton. Awards were also made to the outstanding dairymen who have made progress in the development of their herd in the production of butterfat. These awards were made to Holstein, Ayrshire, Jersey, and Guernsey cattle. Following the introductions and awards R. F. Mills of the Fletcher Trust Company of Indianapolis made the main speech of the evening. The subject of Mill’s talk was “Mondy, Table Manners, and Sleep.” Next year the organization will celebrate its fiftieth anniversary. Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers for the coming semester: president, Ai-t Lutz; vice-president, Don Douglass; recorder, Dick Wetzel; herald, Tom Peppier; social chairman, Dave Hartman; warden, A1 Croxall; chaplain, Claude Singer; pledge master. Jack Dimond. Marriage Course Due to lack of time during registration all applications for the marriage course must be turned in by Monday, January 15, instead of Thursday, January 18, as was previously announced. Applications are available in the following offices: Prof. G. A. Young, Dean Enders, Dean Matthews, Prof. O. F. Hall, Prof. E. R. Eastwood, and J. E. Walters.
Fourth Annual State Program for Indiana Rural Youth will convene today and tomorrow in conjunction with the thirtyseventh annual Agricultural Conference, drawing approximately 500 youth from every section of Indiana to the campus for the program that has been planned for them by the program committee consisting of Donald Tumquist, Lake County; Rita Kohn, LaGrange County, and John Donnelly, Vigo County, under the supervision of Prof. Harry F. Ainsworth, associate state 4-H Club director and superintendent of the youth program.
Registration at 8 o’clock
Final Conference Adult Attendance
Near 6,500 Mark
Adult sessions of the 37th Agricultural Conference ended yesterday with the 49th Annual Indiana Dairy Association banquet last night in the ballroom of the Union. Thus far approximately 6,500 people have registered representing every county in the state. Todays Rural Youth Conference is expected to run the attendance record to well
over 7,000 for the week.
“Unfavorable weather conditions all over the state have had a decided effect on the attendance record, but we have had more entries in the com and small grain show than ever before,” was the report of Prof. W. F. Graham, sup^ntendent
of the conference.
Of the Rural Youth program Prof. Harry Ainsworth said, “I think we have more to offer this year than in any of the previous
conferences,”
Youth Supervisor
Prof. Harry Ainsworth
Stokowski To Create Orchestra For Youth “National Youth Administration is cooperating with Leopold Stokowski to establish an all-American youth orchestra in the near future. The orchestra is being organized for a good-will tour of South and Central America,” stated a letter received by Prof. F. C. Hockema from Robert S. Richey, State Administrator of the NYA. Although the final plans are not completed as yet, registration applications may be obtained from Professor Hockema to compete in local and national auditions. Any youth under twenty-five years of age is eligible to compete, regardless of sex, race, or color. It is not necessary that the youth he employed on the NYA. Applications must be filled out and returned to the state ofSce before February 1. As the plans now stand the candidates will have to pay for all expenses except the final audition, which will be held in the East.
The program gets underway at 8 o’clock this morning when the group starts to register in the Great Hall of the Union, Registration will continue until 10:30, while simultaneously, from 8 till 10:30 there will be a “Get Acquainted Mixer” in the ballroom of the Union, At 10:30 Donald Turnquist. Cedar Lake, chairman of the program committee, will formally open the session in the ballroom. The “Welcome” will be given by Dean of Agriculture Harry J. Reed and he will be followed by an address by Larry Brandon, secretary of the Indiana Farm Bureau. Vera Boys, state youth treasurer, is chairman of the committee in charge of the informal luncheon and program to be conducted in the
ballroom.
Palmer To Speak
John Donnelly, member of the program committee” will be the presiding officer at the general session in the ballroom beginning at 1:30. At this time Dr. Edwin S. Palmer, Kalamazoo, Mich., noted lecturer and student of youth problems will address the group on the topic “Social Skill, Its Development Through Speech, Recreation, and Community ' Relations; And Its Values in Personality Adjustment.” A. P. Stewart will lead group singing. Highlighting the days activities will be the Rural Youth Banquet at 6 o’clock this evening in the ballroom. George Doup, Columbus, president of the Indiana Rrural Youth, will preside and introduce Toastmaster Don Turnquist who present the banquet program consisting of 6 minute talks on Y-O-U-T-H by Wilson Bronnenberg, Herbert Friedrich, Francis Ayres, Helen Stockhuetter, and Sally Win-
slow.
Entertainment Planned Interspersed with the speeches will be various phases of entertainment representing the other five districts in the state. Providing entertainment for the feasters will be Ed Wenger, violinist; Don Brinkedhoff, ventroliquist; Noble Ratts, music; Marian Haas, reading; and Martin Voelker, songs. An informal party under the direction of F. L. McReynolds, supervisor of recreation, and assisted by Jo Ann Ellis, Robert Culir, and Glendon Sendmeyer will begin in the North Ballroom of the Union at 9:30. Musical games and folk dances will prevail through the evening. For the ballroom dancers and “jitterbugs” Ace Brigode and his Virginians will be playing in the South ballroom for an admission charge of one dollar per couple. The dance is informal and tickets may be obtained at the Union
desk.
Hying Club Members Meet; Discuss Buying New Piane University Flying Club had its last meeting before finays Wednesday night in room C in the Union. The first point of the program was the election of officers for the coming semester. They are Richard Kimball, president; Lawrence Rothrock; vice-president; and Lois Hollingsworth, treasurer. The most important business was the discussion of a new plane to replace the old ship, which was wrecked during Thanksgiving vacation.£h^i, s.. V-^'-
/v
< ■
m
«s
Jis
THE PURDDE exponent
Friday, January 12, 1940
6,500 Farmers
. have taken over every vacant spot on the University campus for the last week (especially the Union) including the new annexes and the new ballroom and have practically completed the largest conference that is held on the campus during the year. Toda^ the Rural Youth representing every section of the state are here for their two day session^ All of the 92 counties in the state of Indiana have registered delegates. Celebrities from all adjoining states, many foreign countries and states and a large delegation from the United States Department of Agriculture in Washington have enjoyed and taken part in this conference of conferences. , In the Union cafeteria alone “we have served daily approximately 800 for breakfast, between 800 and 1,150 at noon and around 800 in the evening,” was the statement made last night by Miss Geneva Nugent, director of foods in the Union building. During the conference 27 banquets, dinners, and breakfasts have been held in the Union, home ec building, ag engineering building and in many of the churches. A total of approximately 3,300 have feasted at the special banquets in the Union. The largest group to gather for any particular meal was the Indiana Home Ec Association banquet in the two ballrooms yesterday noon when 1,000
women dined.
Prof. W. F. Graham, superintendent of the conference, showed his appreciation of the Cooperation of the student body and faculty when he said last night ‘T am deeply grateful to the 11 ag departments who have in reality put the conference over. The students, too, have been to a great disadvantage due to the crowded conditions of the Union cafeteria and other eat- • ing places. The Exponent has certainly done its part and we appreciate it very much. As a whole I think this has undoubtedly been the most successful conference we have had.” Last Wednesday evening 1,500 women comprising “the largest women’s chorus in America” sang under the leadership of A. P. Stewart before an audience of at least 3,000. Last night every division Of the state presented their best entertainers in the Rural Entertainment Festivities before an audience of 5,000 spectators. All this goes to prove the tremendous importance and value of this 37th annual Agricultural Conference.—M. L. M.
Piurdu9 Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post oflfiee in Latayette. Indiana, under the act of CionKrees of Marub 8> 1879, and at the special rate Of postaae provided for in section llOS, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Januaiy 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular - academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley.. ; E!ditor-in-Chief yf, E. Smith .......... Business ManaKor D. G, Terrio— —.—.......Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. ' M. Antonini...„ Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling..—. ...1 Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins...... — Sports Editor
Junior Staff
■Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R.'Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis' M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsiield G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RSeRBaaNTBO rOR national APVBRTiaiNO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTON • LOS ANGELES ■ SAN FRANCISCO
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and dp npt necessarily coincide . with the official University viewpoint.
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Miers Issue Editor—Fletcher Friday, January 12, 1940
But
couldn’t help picking up some choice bits on the air. Choice bit no. 1: The anpouncer who got tangled up in, the adlib over CBS. “The music of Sammy Kaye has been coming to you from the holiday bedecked Plaza of Grand Central Terminal . . .” Choice bit no. .2: The guy on the early WGN program, “The next recording will be that well known ballad ‘Lamours Two Jours Lamours’.’’ Choice bit no. 3: The announcer who got his tongue in a hand knot over Alkaseltzer’s favorite gag about “Sodium Actyl Salicitate.” . ■ For many months we’ve been silently praying that he and the tobacco auctioneer would be drafted for service abroad or suffer some other similar fate . . . We expect various interesting things to happen to the tobacco auctioneer. Among them is his appearance on the “Crime Does Not Pay’.’ skit. Or fre could have him announce President Roosevelt’s fireside encounters ...
The last straw was the program arranger for the chain who scheduled “The Guiding Light” followed by “Against the Storm.” ’Taint a fit night out for ma nor beast . . . Pff.
By Romanoff We used to laugh at the old saying that the farmer is the backbone of American democracy. No more. We just got thrown for a roll by one of them in the Union lobby. One down and 9,999 to go. Wow.
Just to prove that the nation’s technical magazines are at last thawing out and mixing business with pleasure we are happy to quote from the Inland Printer a story entitled, “Measuring the Kiss with Micrometer Calipers.” Then there IS romance in printing . . . hooray!
But, back to vacation ... (the most enjoyable thing that has l^appened to us in a year) We had an opportunity to hear a lot more radio programs over the holidays than usual, ie: hot the old ‘•Early Birds” and “Moon River” monotony ... We
If the men in Washington are right in their predictions and the country goes haywire in the 1940 elections, it is reasonable to suppose that the majority of the great American citizenry will fall in line and vote the straight haywire ticket .... PHew ...
TlmoA.
Prominent pn the 1940 WAA schedule of events is a free Intramural Swimming Meet to be held Tuesday evening, February 13, in the Women’s Gymnasium. The public, students and faculty members,, are invited by WAA members to attend the meet.
Track Squad Points For Win Over Butler
Purdue's Symphonic
This contest is open to all co-ed swimmers. WAA officials and members of the Women’s Physical education staff hope that all sororities, co-op houses. Residence halls, and wards will urge their swimmers to sign up in the Memorial Gymnasium soon.
Numerous events are scheduled for the meet. Among them are a 40 yard dash, free style; 100 yard dash, free style; 60 yai-d medley; 80 yard relay, free style; diving form; side stroke form; crawl, freshman-upperclassmen sci’amble; rope race; and an obstacle race. Watch this column for fui’ther announcement of awapds.
Having started practice Monday in the Fieldhouse, Coach Phillips hopes to have his shut-in track charges in shape by February 6, when they meet Butler. Conditioning is the keynote of the first week’s practice as the squad points for ano^ier victory over Phillips’ Alma Mater. Last year Steve Gutting provided the excitement in the Boilermaker’s 67-37 win over the Bulldogs, when he equalled the world’s record in Jhe 60 yard high hurdles. Working along with Jthe varsity are the frosh stars who are preparing for their first postal meet the week of February 19 with Iowa. So far, they too have only worked on conditioning, but coaches have hopes that frosh Flickinger may sometime threaten Gutting’s prow-
You can well see by the scheduled .events what kinds of opportunity will be offered for all types of swimmers to show their skill. Whether you swim for speed or for skill, come out and compete with the rest of the girls. Freshmen women can pit their skill against more experienced WAA members with a chance to turn the tables on them and bring home the bacon.
Paging Mr. Kipling East is east and so on, but they met when the rhinie half milers got together. Four 880 yard state champs met, shook hands, and learned that they represented the eastj middle west, and southwest. From the rockb round coast of Maine came prep school state champ, Appleton, and from the east coast is Jentsch, of New Jersey. Indiana’s contribution is Kemp.
Keep your com-
plexion smooth and youthful with a touch of POWD'?,-BASE. Leaves no trace of line or blemish. Lovely make-up always.
Three separate half hour practices are required before a swim-
mer is eligible to compete in the contests. The gym pool will be open from 4 until 6 o’clock every afternoon except Saturday and Sundays.
&HENCCO1MMNY
Bits of Advice: (Excerpts from our letters, i^ the “sucker” file) Jeanne Rpsterholtz is having the time of her life making some young gentlenian unhappy. (So she thinks
. . . my, my, these conceited coeds). She snubs and ignores him
politely, but the whole thing is, he doesn’t shed any tears. Ip fgpt, Jean, we hear the boyfriend hias been enjoying himself quite a bit with other cute campus skirts. Change- your ways, or live unhappily. ...
-B & B-
Bbb Ray is involved in this social eiitanglement some way or other, ’tis said. He may be just a Sweetshoppe Joe keeping Jeanjtie company while she drinks her coke, or it might be love . . . Anyhow, she holds his hand once in a while.
—B & B-
Stop me if you heard this one: What does the “little man who wasn’t there” eat for breakfast? Ghost toasties.
-B & B-
ril take the Confucius jokes anytime—they’re more vivid!
—B & B-
This is no scoop, but it may as well be publicized. It’s just another campus romance between Fred Zimmerman and Jeanne Chandler, They’re both junior piechanicals and study together quite a bit .. . , it’s more fun that wa,y, they tell me. Fred still has his pin, but give the gal a little time . . . .
—B & B-
HINT: The contrib box has been empty for a long, long time. The only campus coverage we have now is the snow . . . . phewwww.
I. U. Dentistry Dean Talks Here Next Week
Dr. William H. Crawford, new dean of jthe Indiana University School of Dentisti'y, will be the principal speaker at the meeting of the West Central Dental Society to be held in the Union building Wednesday, January 17, at 6:15 p. m. In his first appearance on the campus. Dr. j Crawford will discuss “Dental Materials” and will present a motion picture illustrating one of his research projects.
... band will play Sunday night at the Jefferson High School gymnasium in a program designed to enable the people of Lafayette and surrounding territory to become more familiar with the oi’ganization. The program will begin at 8:30.
tMDS
Starts SATURDAY
1% . )|/ Colorful days live on! Vivid drapoa pf the stormy love that wrote the songs we all grew up to!
SmsM ItitEB
The Story of Stephen C Foster, the great American Troubadoiir!
DON ANDREA AL MW-LEEDS-JOLSOK FELK BRESSART -CHICK CHANDLER RDSSELL HICKS - JEORGE REED , HAIL JOHNSON CHOIR \V^
CESAR ROMERO MARJORIE WEAVER — IN— / THE CRISCO KID and THE LADY"
GRIN AND BEAR IT\
By Lichiy
"But I don't want one with a good 'trade-in' valuel"
Students To Choose Silver Mask
King, Queen At Hop
By placing their choices on the ticket stub ballots,' couples attending the Blanket Hop tomorrow night in the Union ballroom will have a chance to select a co-ed and a “P” man who will reign as king and queen at the dance. The committee, having already selected 13 beauties from which to choose, will, l?ave it up to the students to select the winner. Only “P” men are eligible to be king. To Dave Rankin, football captain-elect, will go the honor of crowning the new king. Last year’s king Was Paul Humphrey. The dance will be strictly informal, and the dance comniittee expressed the desire that all those planning to attend should come as they are after the Wisconsin basketball game. Michael Hauer and his orchestra will furnish the music. He has just completed an engagement at the Biltmore 'hotel in Dayton, Ohio. Tickets are available at Deac’S, Southworth’s, the Union, or from any “P” man for $1 per couple.
. . . fencing honorary, Tuesday night elected the following officers: president, S. B. Weldy, Noblesville; vice-president, C. A. Wegener, Oak Park, 111.; secretary-treasurer, J. G. Fox, Fprt Plains, N. Y.
Use EXPONENT Ads
SHOE SKATES $3.25 and up SKIS $2.50 to $6.!
mORE & KEMPLE H9W. CO. North Side of Square
UIRlKfiTU
TODAY-SATURDAY —
NEVER BEFORE SUCH
TERRIFYING DRAMA!
TODAY -SATURDAY —
— WITH — PRESTON FOSTER ANN DVORAK
ALSO —
CHARLES STARRETT . — IN — TWO FISTED RANGER"
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
AND
GORDON OLIVER JUNE TRAVIS _1N — 'MARINES ARE HERE" — ALSO —
klAllI
TODAY - TOMORROW m SHOW THAT LETS XlTSELF ,
MAY ROBSON‘LUCILLE BALL j DENNIS O’KEEFE • EDWABD EVERETT HORTON • ROSCOE | KARNS • MORONI OLSEN and ' KAY KYSER’S BAND, featuring GINNY SIMMS • HARRY BABBITT • SULLY MASON ISH KABIBBLE and "The College of Muqlcal Knowledgd" RKO RADIO Picture meemasEsswasam
■fiiniiiiiiwjp-~tv:' '‘""i", t'v
^.„i■
i', H
n'iuiiui'rr F44ffyf JjiwHswy IHP
l^xptywu/iL Sjpchidu^fi
> •
Strong Badger Net Team To Face Riveter C^gers WisGonsin's Badger netters, who invade the Fiel^house tpmoiTow as the third Big' Te» teapi in the Boilfinna]teers’ hopeful path toward the Western Conference pennant, are prepared to give the Riveter cagers a real battle. The Badgers will be seeJdpg their seponiJ win ih the current campai^, since they took a close opener from Chicago, 20-18, then lost to Michigan
44 to 39.
8chwar,t;s Sjtfirs Leading the Wisconsin squad throughout their non-conference schedule and ringing as Jop ppintgetter in _ thejr initial Big . Ten games. Bob Schwartz, speedy forward, has rung up 26 points. Against the Maroons he sitored 13 of the Badgers’ total of 20. Then he added 12 against the Wolverines. Be is. in second place ip the present scoring race. Gene England, 6 foot 4 inch center, is the spark plug for the Wiseonsin hardwood team. He is the scrappiest man on the squad and his height Inakes him a good man on rebounds. Last season his weakT.ess was scoring ability, but he has definitely improved as was proved by the 16 points he garnered against Michigan. To spell England Coach Bud Poster has Don 'Timmerman, a 6 foot 10 inch giant who is one of the tallest men ever to play Big Ten basketball. Badger Forwards Walt Anderson, senior, and Bob
The Jficponent
ypffr laundry
.SEND
home by convenient Railway Express Thrifty idea, .this: It. saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call for your weekly package, speed it away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you —all without extra charge. Complefe and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with yoiu vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call
9 S. Second St. Thone 2025
Lafayette, Indiana 1839 .,, A Century of Service. . . 1939 Railway Express AGENCY, INC. NATION-WIDE 8AIL-AIR SERVICE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th Cr Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dine
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St, 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Tailor «
• Jewelers
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER et 4th and Ferry Sts.
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
a Tin Shop
• Dairy Products
Jphn BaJkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852 -
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
■'rnnmtt', n hm.i iu nn'if ui" gletUBh'A
Badger Sp$rkiJug
Nelson, junior, switch off at the other Iprjvnrjii ^pfjjtion. Andy Smith, who placed thirteenth in the conference scoring r^ce last year, has not been in the Badger lineup. Anderson is a big .rugged forward who likes hard going. Nelson is one of the two Hoosiers on the Wisconsin squad. The other is John Lynch, sophomore guard. John Rundell rates the number one guard spot. He is a cool steady senior and the best defensive guard that the Badgers have. Coach Fisher Jias tried a number of other men at the second guard post but has not settled on a definite first string player yet. Ed Scheiwe, Bob Sims, John Gallagher, Ted Strain are battling for this position.
Subscribe 'J'o
jBobert J. Di^purd
The race for “sniping” honors by individtial players of the Big Ten entered the third leg of the season after Monday night’s games, with Northwestern’s Dick Klein amj Illinois Walter Evers lending the pnck by negotiating 26 points each. . . . Indiana’s Curly Armstrong follows close behind by having slipped the leather through the draperies to the tune of 23 points. —^fc— And surpHse of all surprises! ... A sophomoi^eJ^ads the scoring of the Riveters,'^osty Sprowl assuming that honor by dropping in 19 points. . . . Frosty is in a fourway tie for seventh place, while Danny Fisher," Boilermaker center; is in a two-way tie for ninth, having made 16. —fc— Bob Igney is back of the pack a ways but has garnered 12 points as has Don Blanken, a second sophomore. . . . Mickey Tierney, a third sophomore, has made 11 points. —fs— Out of the 40 players in the conference who lead the scoring, seven are Boilermakers. . . . Freddie Beretta and Elwood Yeager complete the list.. —^fc— Forecast for Saturday’s basketball games follows: P U R D U E-Wisconsin: Boilermakers beat Badgers, at least by 10 points. Indiana-MINNESOTA: Cream and Crimson by a snifter, six points. -Illinois-OHIO STATE: It’s the Buckeyes’ home floor, but it’s Illinois’ night, 12 points.
Boilermaker Pugilists Battle Tonight
Fourteen Winners Wilt Fight In Golden Qloves
Fourj^en berths on the Riveter boidng squad for the Lafay^ ette Goljden Gloves Tournament will go on the block tonight, as over 40 potential champions competing in ei^t weightB will attempt to survive the eliminations in the All-tJniversrity boxin|r finals to be held in the Fieldhouse at 7:30. The bouts will
be spppso^ed by Theta Chi fraternity.
Use Special Bing
Fighting in the specially constructed ring on the second floor gym, the series of hotly contested bouts should provide a gala evening of fast stepping entertainment. Contrary to original plans, all students will be admitted free upon the presentation of passports, while the regular 26 cent charge will still apply to the general public. This year wil be the first in which a team representing Purdue will fight in the nationwide Golden Gloves tournament. Tonight's fourteen winners, eight in the open class and six in the novice class, will be arrayed in classy looking Gold and Black robes and trunks as they enter the ring for the Golden Gloves tourney in February.
Benna Coaches
Coach Joe Benna, who is in charge of the Riveter pugilists, has announced that A1 Rossi, Lawrence Lyles, and Ray Woods, all names familiar in Riveter athletic activities, will referee tonight’s bouts. Rossi is a member of the present Boilerinaker football squad, Lyles a three time winner of Golden Gloves bouts, and Woods, an exBoilermaker who referees in the Golden Gloves tournaments in La-
fayette..-
The new; ruling making all three time wiimers ineligible for 1940 competition will be a great help in the Riveter chances of winning in the tourney, as several of the best Lafayette fighters will be unable to appear this' year. Coach Benna and the entire boxing team have been spending a lot of time in preparation for tonight’s battles, with all forty men in tip-top condition for the fracas. '
. . . Gene Englund, senior Wisconsin guard, adds fire and pep to the Badger cage team when he is in action. He can also hit the basket, as he ably demonstrated when he led Wisconsin scorers with 15 points
against Michigan. '
lowa-MICHIGAN: A tune-up for Monday’s game is in store for the Wolverines, 12 points. NORTHWESTERN - Chicago: The Wildcats are too smart even with Chicago’s educated Maroons on
top, nine points.
(Teams in capital letters are
hosts.)
FLORSHEIM SHOES . . . Unlimited in Selection Limited Our Florsheim Sales come but twice a year, and they're so soon over that some men are caught napping. So here's fair warning. Com6 in soon for your FIbrsheims—^you may never again be able to buy these famous shoes at such low prices.
MOST STYLES
17.95 and
L95
A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc
406 MAIN STREET
Riveter Tankmen Lose tn Dual Meet With Huntington Y Gunning for their second dual meet victory before they face the Northwestern swimmers tomorrow, the Boilermaker tank team met defeat at the hands of a strong Huntington “Y” aggregation Wednesday night. Rudig, national Y champ, paced the Himtington team with victories in both the 220 and 440 yard free style events. Kratzer was the outstanding Riveter performer with firsts, in the 60 and 100 yard free style races and anchored the winning 400 yard relay team. Captain Graham and Siler forced Rutig to extend himself in taking the two distance events and made both races close. Hiple aided the Y cause with victory in the fancy diving, while teammate Dilly, another national Y champ, won the.
backstroke.
To Face Wildcats Tomorrow afternoon the Boilermakers will face a Wildcat team which is ranked with the leaders of Big Ten swimming. This will be the Riveters’ initial home and conference meet of the season. Led by captain Lynn Surles, strong contender in the 50, 100, and 220 yard free styles, the Wildcats should furnish plenty of the toughest kind of competition. Other outstanding men on the Wildcat team are Tommy Powell, diver who placed sixth in the intercollegiates last year; Walsh in the 200 yard breast stroke, 220, and 440; Jerry Zehr, backstroke and medley relay ace; Ed Hess in the 50 and 100 free styles; and Bill Bitting in the 100 and 220. Dick Farbach, Illinois champ in the 500, 100, and 220 will also strengthen the Wildcat squad. Captained by veteran Bob Newman the Northwestern water polo team will present an experienced line-up. They finished second to Chicago last year and should give the Boilermaker team some good
experience.
/-M Schedules
BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1—.^ronson. 7 :00—Ward 34 vs. Ward 38. 7 :15—Ward 21 vs. Ward 28. 8 :00—Ward 8 vs. Ward 29. 8:15—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nu.
SQUASH Today In Playoff— 7 :00—^Theta Xi vs. Lambda Chi. 7 :16—Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. In Finals— 7:30^—Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 7:46—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon'. 8:00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Mixed Sports Program Planned During Finals Sponsored by Miss Helen Hazelton of the physical education department for women, a mixed recreation program for all interested students will be held at the Women’s Gymnasium each' Friday night during finals. Many interesting sports may be played, among them are: badminton, swimming, shuffle board and deck tennis. “This recreational program is part of the program of the physical education depaifment’s plan to supply the students with recreation during the period of finals. We feel it will permit them to maintain a ■regular living schedule,” Miss Hazelton stated. Subscribe for The EXPONENT
POPCORN by the^alloii / DRINKS by the carton ICE CREAM 2 pfs. 25c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
A Winner
You'll say if is the perfect Ipaf. Rich in wholesome goodness, because only the finest ingredients money can buy are used.
Graves’ quality Bakery V Phone 3852 124 State, W. h. **Catering to Fraternities and SororiHe^♦ ,» r T>'s s ^ ''^T^ ■j.'^ r , ^ ->■ -^ f3- ^ii r ^ >> -^>11 ^ j ^
v>'
V
• «
THE PUBDUE ESOPONENT
Friday, January 12. 1940
5,000 Attend <Coi)tiiinied from page 1) Tippecanoe county, took first place honors in the school division. Second place was won by Jackson school, Clinton county, with an act entitled “Stardust and Lilacs,” while Roosevelt of Madison county won third with a minstrel show. Tiny Drummer Triumphs Morgan county’s little Marylin Ormandy, who was received very enthusiastically by the audience, won top honors in the curtain act division with her performance on the trap diums. The House sisters of Clark county; Donald Brinkerhoof, an impersonator from Jay county; a vocal trio from Steuben county, an acrobatic performance by a member of Washington county; a lariat tap dance, Fountain county, and Ellis Zehr, from Parke county placed in that order with their curtain acts. The purpose of the rural entertainment festivals is to stimulate the development of good entertainment and talent among rural youth. This year’s festival, the thirteenth in the series, has been underway since September. By the middle of December eliminations had been conducted in all counties, after which the district contests Were held in preparation for the state festival. Preliminary eliminations in the state festival were conducted throughout yesterday, the survivors being presented on last night’s program. Intramural Basketball Fraternity W L Pi Kappa Alpha 6 0 Alpha Gamma Rho 6 0 Phi Gamma Delta 6 0 Sigma Phi Epsilon 5 0 Phi Kappa Psi 5 0 Theta Chi 5 1 Kappa Sigma 5 1 Sigma Alpha Epsilon 5 1 Tau Kappa Epsilon 5 1 Ward W L Ward 26 6 0 Ward 24 6 0 Ward 6 6 0 Ward 1 5 1 Ward 11 5 1 Ward 5 .51 Ward 26 5 1 Ruth Gingrich Talks To YWCA On Make-up Mrs. Ruth Ezra Gingrich, former Loeb and Hene cosmetic expert, demonstrated correct facial makeup at the YWCA mass meeting held yesterday at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge of the Union. As stated by Mrs. Gingrich, “Make-up should not be regarded as something extra or added. The effect should be natural but yet should serve to accent all nice features.” Three distinct types of girls were chosen from the audience by Mrs. Gingrich who applied the correct make-up for each type. She stressed that during college years the girls are at their loveliest stage
Personnel Notes Ag Alumni
Key—Personnel notes COMPANY: Transcontinental and Western Air, Inc., 10 Richards Road, Kansas City, Missouri, (TWA). Mr. L. M. Reed, personnel manager, has written to request that college graduates in science and engineering, who are interested in entering the air transport administration work, be selected and recommended to him. Mr. Reed is particularly interested in mid-year graduates for work in the sales and service divisions of his organization. Those interested please sign up-^|n the main office of their school for consideration. COMPANY: B. F. Goodrich Company, Akron, Ohio, manufacturers of automobile tires and industrial rubber products. REPRESENTATIVE: Bert S. Taylor, general superintendent of the processing division. VISITING PURDUE: Wednesday, February 28. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in chemistry, chemical and mechanical engineering. This company wishes to employ men for production, operation, design, maintenance and construction. A training course is available to new employees. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school or department. COMPANY: Ingersoll Rand Company, 11 Broadway, New York City, manufcturers of air compressors, diesel engines. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. H. Dillon, technical personnel director. visiting PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6 and 7. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical and electrical engineering seniors who are in the first quarter of their class in scholarship, who have good personalities and who are not under 5 ft. 9 in. in height. This company wishes to employ engineers for training as sales engineers. Literature is available in the main office of the schools mentioned. Those interested should read this information, and sign up for consideration. COMPANY: Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager, and Mr. George Kittridge, assistant personnel manager. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 12 and 13. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science seniors, graduate students and juniors in the above-list-ed schools. A detailed bulletin is posted in the office of the chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science schools. Those interested please read this bulletin carefully, and sign up for consideration. and should make the most of this loveliness by good grooming and skin care. Mrs. Gingrich, who attended Purdue for two years, was a campus beauty queen in 1936. Intermittently after leaving the University, she has been employed by Loeb and Hene’s make-up department. The meeting was in charge of Catherine Cooley, president of YWCA.
(Continued ftom page 1)
year by winning at least two gold medals, or their equivalent, in various extension projects included Wilson Chemoweth, Shoals; John P. O’Neal, Loogootee; Irving S. Lafuze, Liberty; Kitchel E. Winters, Liberty; W. K. Gast, Akron; Fred M. Fraser, Rensselaer; Ralph L. Heilman, Hope; C. O. Arbogast, Selma; A. B. Brewer, Fairmount; Herman L. Miller, Bluffton; Harry Caldwell, Milton; and LeRoy Turner, Richmond. A gavel was also awarded to the organization from Delaware county as the most active county association in the state. This marks the third time that this county has won the honors. In addition, Delaware county led the state with 25 medals in extension projects, Union county finishing second with 21. For the state as a whole, there were 48 counties in which three or more alumni won medals, while 322 former students won a total of 368 medals in all countie^. General Activity Activities of the conference proceeded apace in the various specialized sections, with the annual meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association as one of the highlights. Close to 1,400 women attended the luncheon of the association yesterday noon, at which announcement was made of awards to outstanding counties and home economics clubs. “100 per-cent counties,” in which all the home economics clubs are memberSj of the state organization, were al^o honored by the state association. Among the other sectional meetings which shared the spotlight was the fiftieth annual gathering of the Indiana State Dairy Association. The controvei sial question of government control of dairy markets was the principal point of discussion. Elected Officers At various meetings of grain and livestock associations held during the conference the following officers were elected: Indiana Corn Growers’ Association—President, R. L. Calendar, Greensburg; vice-president, Kenneth Blackwell, Franklin; secretarytreasurer, K. F. Beeson, Purdue. Indiana Aberdeen-Angus Breeders’ Association—President, Major W. A. Rafferty, Morocco; vicepresident, John Greenburg, West Point; secretary-treasurer, D. C. Pfendler, Purdue.'Livestock Breeders’ Association Director: Hal Royce, West Lafayette. Indiana Shorthorn Breeders’ Association—President, J. K. White, Noblesville; vice-president, V. H.
SUEDE PANTS Moleskin Grey $3.98 Slide Rule Pocket RELIABLE 224 Main St.
i^The pioneer woman knew no easy shopping way like you find today at Piggly Wiggly. As short a time as 23 years ago self-service was unknown until Piggly Wiggly piojneered along this line. It’s the favorite shopping method of America today, and to this trail-blazing system can be traced the sanitary packaging of many products that once were sold in bulk. Today, as always, Piggly Wiggly stands for'the best in rnodern, sanitaryc, lime, money and labor-saving shopping methods.
Harris, Kokomo; secretary-treas-urer, Hehry Mayo, Purdue; director, John Bright Webb, Indianap-
olis.
Indiana Holstein Friesian Breeders’ Association—President, Jfohn Newman, Culver; vice-president, C. R. Smith, Terre Haute; secretary, G. C. Arbogast, Muncie. Indiana State Jersey Cattle Club —President, Desco Newton, Washington; secretary, W. C. Jamison, Sullivan.
Classified
Ads
FOR SALB
FOB SALE—^Typewriter!. All uakea, standard and portable, sold, pnrchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $^.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff,
606 Main street.
Dr. Sponer, Famous Physicist, To Deliver Campus Lectures Dr. Herta Sponer, well known physicist from Duke University, will be present at the University to give two addresses, the first of which will be given today at 7:30 p. m. and the last tomorrow afternoon at 3. This evening’s lecture will be on the subject, “Vibrational Structure in the Ultraviolet Spectra of Supstituted Benzenes,” and, tomorrow’s will concern, “Molecular Structure from Molecular Spectra and their Importance in Physics and Related Sciences.” The lecture tomorrow will have as special guests physics department staff members from Indiana University, Notre Dame and the University of Illinois, as well as Purdue. Anyone interested in this field is invited to attend each lecture. Her lectures should be of special interest to all those taking physics as well as chemistry. Fisher, Noblesville; secretary-treas-urer, Paul Chenoweth, Shoals. Indiana Polled Hereford Association — President, Lloyd Davis, Frankfort; secretary, M. M. Yarian, Avilla. Indian Draft Horse Breeders’ Association—President, Paul Moffett, Indianapolis; vice-president, Anton Ploenges, Indianapolis; secretarytreasurer, Everett C. Parker, Noblesville. Indiana Hereford Breeders’ Association—President, R. E. Edwards, Peru; vice-president; William Wedrick, Silver Lake; secre-tary-treasurer, Henry Mayo, Pur-
due.
Indiana Sheep Breeders’ Associa- Freshmen Engineers: Explanations for .. -ji T-ii IT, all absences from Engineering Lectures not tion—President, Edward Brown,previous]y reported must be submitted to Plainfield; vice-president, Ralph^^ Monday, JanM^^^^
Distinguished Hotritzer Squad: All Juniors who signed up for this competition read notice posted on bulletin board in Axmory. (1-18) —FAULCONER. Dolphin Club: Important meeting at pool immediately after swimming meet Saturday, January IS. —HARRIS. P-Men: Please get tickets from me immediately to sell for Blanket Hop this Saturday. Every P-Man should be selling these tickets. Call at the Alpha Chi Rho house. 1 (1-18) —GAULKE. Exponent Staff: Be sure to nave exam schedules in my box by Friday, January 12, at 4 p. m. —FRED.
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party, Saturday night, January 18, after the basketball game. Sign up kt the Foundation. Tickets are 26c. —HONNK
Cosmopolitan Club: Informal meeting of all Cosmo members at 4:80 p. m. Friday, January 12, in Agriculturist Office of Union. National Convention report by Mr. Cerda. Free cokes afterwards. —SHICKEL.
FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house. Innerspring mattress, continuous hot water; two blocks from Union. 806 S.
Grant,
Episcopal Students: The Seabury Club will meet for supper at 6 p m. Sunday, January 14, at the west end of the Union Cafeteria. At 6:46 the group will go to Professor Shreve’s house to see his jewel collection. —'LYLES J Skull and Crescent: Meeting Saturday, January 13, at 1 p m. in room F of the Union Short but important —BELLES
ROOM AND BOARD for two men students. $80.00 month. Desirable new home. Continuous hot water, inner spring mat-
tresses. 806 Vine. 76978.
GENTLEMEN—Rooms in new home for Second semester. Twin beds, newly furnished Very reasonable rent. Comer
Sheetz and Wood Phone 46962
FOR RENT—Single and double room for men. One-half block from Union. 126 S Grant Phone 31824.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60.
All night.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Kappa Key Mary Ruth Craig engraved back Return to Kappa House.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: All members who ordered keys can get them from Dr. Hunt. The membership certificates are also available for new members —SCHRADER.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Please leave your final schedules in my box by Friday, January 12 Junior co-ed staff meet Saturday at 1 p m in Exponent office. —SCHILLING Women Students: All those getting a major or minor in physical education must attend a special, important meeting to receive registration instructions about next semester’s schedules, at 4 p m. Friday, January 12, in the gym —HAZELTON Physical Education for Women; Freshman and sophomore women students desiring license to teach Physical Education, meet today at 4 p m in the Hygiene Lecture room in the Memorial Gymnasium for registration instructions —HAZELTON
Mixed Recreation: Women’s Gymnasium Friday, January 12, at 7’30 p m. Badminton, volleyball, shuffleboard, ping pong offered. Swimming ten cents for men Everyone welcome —MATHER
WAA; There will be fencing Friday, January 12, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym- —STICKLE. Modern Dance Group: Njunlors and seniors meeting Monday January 16, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym Very important Be there. —HICKMAN
Engineering Freshmen: All Engineering freshmen will meet in Powlei Hall Saturday, January 13, at 8 a m. —KNAPP
Reamer Club: No more meetings this semester. Next meeting will be held Monday, February 6, in room F of the Union —REILEY
that a classified ad in the Exponent will bring you good results If you want to buy—sell—swap—rent
the Purdue Exponent