* t>-^
Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
Volume 52. No. 4
Friday. September 13. 1940
Student Flyers In CAA ourstand
Must Take Military Oath
Reedy's Band Plays For Freshman Mixer
Tonight In Union, 942
Nona, girl vocalist, will sing with
Paul Reedy and the Campus Commanders at the annual freshmen mixer to be held tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock m both ballrooms of the Union. All freshmen and all co-eds regardless of class will be admitted
to the affair free of charge. Reedy and his band have been
engaged for the past seven weeks at the Centennial Terrace near Toledo, Ohio. Most of the arrangements played by the group are
All students registering for CAA flight training must now pledge themselves to enter the military services of the United
States, if called.
This is the ruling released yesterday by the Civil Aeronautics Administration of the Department of Commerce, according to G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry and head of the University CAA flight training program. Meikle, who returned from a con-
ference in Washington yesterday with Robert H. Hinchley, assistant Secretary of Commerce, stated that the University will train "at least” 50 students this semester. The student fee for the training has been reduced to 25 dollars. During the 1940-41 year, 50,000 pilots vdll be trained in the primary CAA course throughout the country, Meikle
said.
To make application for the University course this semester all persons interested must register immediately on forms which will be provided at Meikle’s office in the Administration Building. The new registration also must be made by those who have already made application, Meikle explained. The 25 dollar fee will cover all medical, insurance, and registration charges. Meikle stated that in addition to the 60 to be trained in the primary course this semester, approximately 20 students will be given secondary instruction at the airport and instructors will be trained for service with the CAA. The following statement must be (Continued on page 3) Cheerleaders Call-out Frosh, So|)hs, Juniors To Fill Team Openings All persons interested in yell leading are urged to report to room 106 in the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 4:15 p. m. in a callout issued today by Bill Delmer, yell manager. At the present time there are several openings which must be filled. A general callout issued by Bill Delmar, yell manager, stated: “We need freshmen and sophomore men and freshman, sophomore and junior co-ed yell leaders. They will be chosen to be yell leaders for at least two years. Both men and coeds will be furnished uniforms. The co-eds will be awarded by the Gold Peppers and there is every reason to believe that the eds will be given like honors. The only prerequisite is a sincere desire to be a yell lead-
er
“Come to room 106 in the Fieldhouse, Friday, 4:16 p. m.”
Nona
Frosh Eds Reveal All; Discuss Hows And Whys Of Campus Life
By Donna Siess In the most typically student place on the campus—^the Union, we found three green pots three freshmen who seemed typically enough like the incoming freshman of this year’s class for us to waylay the three and get their ideas on their sojourn here so far, their hopes for the future, etc. To give you an idea of this year’s irtale freshman as regards physical appearance—most of them seem to range from 6’ 8” to 6’ 11”, of medium weight, and of a most affable nature. We greeted heartily with their enthusiasm over the accommodations the University offers. These three live in Cary Hall and were quite effuse in praise of it— commenting particularly upon the library facilities, clothes pressing accommodations, and fine living quarters. About Co-eds—■ Of coqrse it wasn’t a bit hard to get their views expressed on co‘eds. First came the lamentable outcry that there was too great a lack of feminine interest and then the fact that there was probably quality material if you could find a means of acquaintance. Girls, if
you would please this year’s freshman ed, you must first of all be adept in the art of conversation. Know enough about what you’re talking to make it interesting and remember that there’s a time to talk and a time not to talk. It was admitted that looks made the first impression but not always the last and they didn’t seem to be much enthfised over thfe idea of dating a beauty if she didn’t have some sense to back it up. They Can Take It One interesting fact was tjiat they felt a majority of freshman didn’t mind being well aware of the fact that a constant weeding out process is going on all the time, but rather that they felt it quite justified and fair.'iThis was in view of the fact that most of them feel that if they do flunk, they shouldn’t be here and so consequently take the weeding out as a ^matter of course. The interview was ended with the expression of a desire on the eds’ parts to do as well as possible scholastically, enter into campus affairs, and make their four years here well worth while. May they have all this and more, too. ' I
Wednesday night's convocation has without a doubt set the keynote for the forthcoming year. In this new kind of overture Dr. Elliott tried to make us aware of the problems which may lie ahead without at the same time spreading a general feeling of alarm and hysteria. Whether we share his apprehension is another question but we do have some ideas of our own on certain'controversial questions, the answer to which affects every person in the United States. ... On War and Defense During the summer session Exponent took the following stand on American intervention in Europe’s great conflagra-
tion.
“We believe in a strong defense, by all means; we believe in, immediate rearmament; we believe in unanimity of effort toward the consolidation of the American nations in defense of the western hemisphere. But we do not believe in “making the world safe for democracy;” we do not believe that our destinies are hopelessly entwined with the destinies of the allies; and we do not believe that the “pot of gold” down in Fort Knox is worth saving if its salvation means more American cemeteries on foreign soil!”—^June, 1940.
... On Conscription
“ . . . We favor conscription because it signifies to the world that the United States is awake to possible dangers and that she is prepared to defend and protect her rights and interests. “But aside from the question of whether conscription for military service is justified at this time or not, there is another greater question. Can the people of the United States adapt themselves to this temporary sacrifice of their personal liberties in order that they and their progeny may ^continue to enjoy these liberties? Can we sacrifice our personal ambitions and hopes for a collective cause or have we become, like the ancient (Continued on page 3)
special numbers. Special attractions of the band are Pete Condole who plays the second trumpet, Glen Wright, singer of novelty numbers, who also plays bass, and the voice of Eddie Beardsley who sings sweet numbers. A special feature of the band is the use of a color organ for
effect.
All freshmen and co-eds are invited to dttend.
PIA To Open Social Season With Tea Dance Tomorrow Officially opening their social season for this year, P. I. A. will hold a tea dance tomorrow afternoon in both Union ballrooms. Playing for the tea-dancers from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m. will be Maury Mahns’ orchestra and their vocalist, Darlenne Mahns. Since the dance is to be a mixer in nature, dates are not necessary for admittance. According to Damon Elder, P. I. A. social chairman, all co-eds will be admitted free; likewise, all eds who are P. I. A. melnbers. Admission for other eds will be ten cents. P. I. A. memberships will be on sale at the door.
Drama Groups Open Work
Playshop Announces Tryouts For First Of Year's Productions ' Playshop, University dramatic group, announces that tryouts for its first productions of the coming season will be held at 4 p. m. Tuesday and Wednesday, September 1718, in Fowler hall. An unusual opportunity for aspiring actresses is afforded in these tryouts, since the two productions being cast, “Susan and God” and “What A Life,” require fifteen women and fourteen men. Carmichael Returns Tryouts will be in charge of Kenneth Carmichael, who returns to the campus to direct Playshop after a year’s leave of absence. All students are eligible for the tryouts, which are for all workers on the staging, production and workers’ staffs in addition to the* actors themselves. Most of the 2,600 season tickets available this year have been sold, so those wanting tickets will have to purchase them soon. Coupons will be exchanged by mail one week previous to the opening of the Fowler hall ticket office before each production. The best seats will thus be obtainable by this means.
Laboratory Group Plans Productions Under New System Harold R. Martin, junior in the school of science, has just been appointed manager of the Playshop laboratory group for this year. He has been active as master carpenter, properties manager, scenic artists and student director in the Playshop, and played Garth Esdras in “Winterset” and Torwald Hunter in “A Doll’s House.” The laboratory" group will present programs this year on November 8 and February 14 in Fowler hall, admission to which will be free. Several one act plays will be featured at each performance. New Policy Under a new policy adopted this season, all laboratory productions will be entirely student acted, student directed and student produced. The production staff will include two Playbhop mep to act as student directors. The laboratory group is intended to furnish an opportunity for those students interested in dramatics to acquire experience in acting. No one who has appeared in any major Playshop production is eligible for a laboratory play. Gall out dates will be announced later.
Six Hundred Candidates Attend Music Mass Meet f Albert P. Stewart, music director of the University oflSciated last night at a mass meeting of those students interested in joining one of the musical organizations. About six hundred indicated interest in Concert Choir, Glee club. University Choir or University orchestra. Manager of each of the organizations spoke briefly on what the organizations have done in the past and what is planned for this year. ■ The remaining part of the pro-
Late News A series of four terrific explosions partially destroyed the Kenvil, N. J., plant of the Hercules Powder Go. yesterday afternoon. Nearly 50 men were reported killed and that many more were still unaccounted for late last night. Several University graduates are employed by the company, but reports concerning their fate lack confirmation. The blast, felt over a 50 mile radius, demolished a two-story solvents recovery building, and leveled nine powder houses. Ensuing fires spread to a dozen other buildings. Reports of possible sabotage to impede Government orders placed with the company are being investigated by yie Newark office of the FBI.
Varsity Grid Squad Whips Through Drill On Blocks, Signals Resembling a small college squad due to the unusually few veterans or men with game experience, the Purdue football squad went through signal and blocking assignment drill yesterday afternoon on RossAde recreation field, showing signs of being “in the pink” by the time the Butler Bulldog thinks it time to lock jaws on the Boilermaker. Previous to the Butler game and a week from this Saturday, the squad will be divided into two evenly matched teams to face each other in the annual fall Gimler intersquad game, proceeds from the contest to be used to defray expenses of broadcasting winter basketball games that are played away from home. Pete’s A Coming The continued performance of Pete Timperman is something short of unexpected. Pete is a good tackle but it was feared that his leg injury that was due to a bothersome nerve aggravation from a broken leg would hinder him; instead, big Pete is a defense and offense demon, and his return to sophomore brilliance is a possibility, and such play on the part of the big New Albany tackle will no doubt be one of the reasons for a surprise season by the Boilermakers. The quarterback spot, hanging above five light but spirited youths, is as yet in the hands of Bob Kersey, but Bill Cary, a big sophomore, who seems to grow a little each week, and Tex Smerke, a smart kid from the Texas plains, is certainly boosting the blocking back spot. This Smerke kid is built on the lines of Allan Shackleton, ’40, who was such an aid to Boilermaker success up at 4 Northwestern last season, light but inspiring.
gram consisted of a tenor solo “The World Is Mine Tonight” by Marvin Smith, a violin solo by Vernon Westburg, a baritone solo “When I Have My Song” by Wallace Woodrow and several selections by the Concert choir. Tryouts will be conducted in Albert Stewart’s office in the Music Hall from eight tmtil twelve o’clock, and from one nutil five o’clock, today and from eight till twelve and one until four o’clock tomorrow. According to Stewart no tryouts wfll be accepted at any other time. *1110 results will be given early next week. Last year the membership of the University choir was approximately two hundred. This year, according to A1 Stewart, the membership will be increased to over three hundred. This increase has been made possible by the enlarged rehearsal and performance space available in the Music Hall. The size of the Glee Club and Concert choir are fixed at 34 and 27 respectively and no change is anticipated. The orchestra also expects to increase its membership. This year for the first time the University choir will rehearse on both Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. m. Previously this choir has sung only sacred music but this year with the increase in rehearsal time it will be able to increase the reper^ toire to include several other types of music. The Concert choir will hold its rehearsals following those of Ike large choir and as in the past wRl sing at a number of special functions during the year both on the ^ Campus and in nearby cities.
Exponent Staff Staff to work on Fnday, S^t. 13, are: Night Editor, Heaton; i Stooge, Purcell, Assistant Night Editor, Horne; Proof, Brophy; Workers, Armstrong, Kolb; Day Editor, Rose.
Scribe Interviews New Co-eds; Mostly About Men, Mustaches
By Virginia Barson “Gee whiz! We’ve never seen so many mustaches in all our lives,” said Marjorie Study and Donnie Tyiholm, freshmen home economics students to your reporter. “They are mustaches, aren’t they?” What a shock it must be to those young, unsuspecting freshmen coeds who cbme down here in search of fine young men and find nothing but queer specimens hidden behind ’ mustaches. What are you going to do about it, men? Yes, they are mustaches—^but let’s forget about them; they will be gone in a couple of weeks, anyhow? ? (It depends upon this year’s crop of freshmen.) “What do you think about our campus, men (without mustaches), clothes and terrible looking coeds?” We asked. “Say, who said Purdue’s co-eda were terrible looking? I think they are tops in looks, clothes and personality,” and this was authentic, girls—-right from the lips of a freshman who was a beauty. Confidentially, all those freshman coeds do all right. When asked about the men, botih girls said, “Well some good, some
not so good; the few that are good —hmmmm.” “Tell me more,” said your reporter, “What do you think of other things such as —V* “Do you really want to know about yourselves?” they said, “well here goes. Your clothes are typically collegiate, your personalities are magnetic; you are easy to get ac(^uainted with, speak with, and learn to know well. “We are impressed by the number of fraternity pins co-eds sport. We adore the Union building with its bowling alleys (the University in action) and ballrooms. We are mystified by Rush. What is it aQ about?” (Shhh—it’s a secret; you’ll find out.) “How is the date situation,” we asked, although we redUy knew. “Super,” was the reply, “rushed to death; never had so many bhod dates in all my life, and they're like baseball, hit and miss.” After all this, I thought I had better let them toddle home to din. ner. 'They were awell gWa and really gave us thd lowndown everything. “Thank you, girls, YouVe wrifiied just what weNe thonght and frit tor years.”wm,
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, September 13, 1940
Rhinies Called To Open ing Grid Practice Of Season Under the warming rays of yesterday’s late afternoon sun, approximately 70 anxious freshman football candidates reported to head coach Elmer Burnham on Stuart Field. It was not a rarity to find the Rhinies tlad in under-sized or even over-’ sized uniforms, as they vied with each other to demonstrate their respective worth to jovial Elmer. As the shadows lengthened across the oft,trodden practice grounds, many were the hip pads and shoulder pads that lay strewn about the turf. Coach Burnham dismissed the squad at about 5:30, so that aching muscles would not harass the Greenies too much in class today.
According^ to Biirnham, the number of candidates who were on hand will not suffice for material from which to prepare a suitable and experienced squad to give the varsity Elmer Burnham, freshman football coach, urges all physically able freshmen interested in playing football to report on Stewart Field this afternoon at four o’clock.
some stem competition. Therefore, he wishes to make it know that all freshmen who want to play football are urged to attend this evening’s session at the practise field across from the fieldhouse. Long summer months of relaxation were evidenced in the occasional blistered feet, sore muscles, and kinks of every nature. However, Elmer did all that seemed wise in drilling the squad in calisthenics and remarked, “Despite the summer layoff,^the boys appear in good condition. Of course, one can tell very little about them on the first day, but I certainly do want to see more men turning out for the team.” Elmer’s Helpers The assistants on Burnham’s staff took the la^s off into separate
groups after their superior had delivered an exceedingly human pep talk. He told them to work hard and they would have no cause to regret it, and asked them not to be discouraged if their progress seemed slow and their labors unrewarded for a time. Fred Montague, brilliant quarterback who was graduated last June, was on hand to instruct the ends in the manner of stance on the line, forward charge, and stressed a comfortable, relaxed position. Claude Reeck, varsity wrestling coach, advised the tackles to keep their heads high when on the move. He also told them to run with steady, hard strides and the body close to good old terra firma. The backs were able under supervision, for they had Ted Hennis, stellar field general and blocker of last year as their guide. Passing, running, whirling, straight - arming, “throwing the hip” and all other tricks tha^t a versatile backfield man must master were the order of the day for the ball-carriers. Freshmen centers could have few better teachers than Augie Momingstar, of Massilon, Ohio’s football clan to confide to
PARKER VACEHATIC V(M44mei Here’s eHortless, carefree writing performance combined witb style tbat does credit to its o'wner. Every outstanding efinement to insure lifelong Satisfaction . . . greater ink mileage, flex-diapkragm Vacnmatic filling unit (instead of outmoded levers or pistons), perpetually smootb IdfiC gold platinum plated point tipped wiili extra durable Osmiridium, brilliant Laminated Pearl styling, trim Arrow clip. Bverytbing you bave wanted in a pcm; fine pencil to matcb . . . sets $8.50 to $150.00, pens ojoly, $5.00 to $100.00. Otber Parker sets $5.00, NAME STAMPED (23K GOLD) FREE DECKER'S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
‘Fountain Pen ifeadquartert,”
Xmmediste sttention |tiD msii aod fbooe ordets
them in the art of shooting the ball back from the pivot slot, or in any of the remaining and varied duties that must be performed. Burnham, himself, watched over the guards and had them pulling out of an imaginary line to cut back and lead the interference on running plays of the modified Notre Dame system. Two Hoosiers; One Jayhawker Bob Green, remembered by many as a capable baseball player on last spring’s Frosh gang is out for an end position and is a likely prospect. Bob hails from Indianapolis and was prominent in high school grid encounters. Bill Nuel, who went to the same high school as the Brock brothers in Stafford, Kansas is also on the squad.' Apparently, the class of 1944 will not suffer from a dearth of reliable puntei^i, for in Smart and Fields they have two very accomplished ones. The latter is a product of Jefferson High of Lafayette, and can display remarkable proficiency by kicking field goals from placement, and from distances close to mid-field.
SEU50
for ASSOBTED CHBISTMAS CARD FOLDERS WITH y' CUSTOMER'S NAME IMPRIHTED
FREE SAMPLES—Also
COSTS YOU
MAKE
business greeting and
100%
calendars. No Invest-
ONLY
PROFIT
ment. Eiperlence unnecessary. Write for
50C L
free samples and full particulars. Nei New Jersey
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE JOE E. BROWN in WIDE OPEN FACES
PLUS
HEART OF THE NORTH In Technicolor
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11 ;30 JACK BENNY ROCHESTER DOROTHY LAMOUR in MAN ABOUT TOWN
• AND
FIGHTING MAD JAMES NEWILL
Swimming Class For Men Offered Again This Year An opportunity for men students to either learn to swim or to improve their present technique as well as to win an hour credit is being offered again this year by the Physical Education departtnent. The course will be PE 6, and will be held during the semester on Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday evenings at 7:00.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Sept. 18, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Sepf. 19, 7:30 P. M. I Children's Classes Sat., Sept. 21 PHONE 2150 ^ •ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
LUMA Today and Saturday—2 Hits! Richard ARLEN Andy DEVINE
in
JAe, ^buidhah, -pJUAhsAA,
Plus —
NOW PLAYING
THRILL FOR THRILL... STAR FOR STAR ... the mightiest screen entertainment of them all!
6UIE ■ niACir COLBERT
Prices This Attraction Only MATINEE Main Floor 40e 4e Tax = 44e Balcony 31c-j-4c Tax = 35c NIGHTS & ALL DAY SUNDAY Main Floor 54c -f 6c Tax = 60c Balcony 40c -f- 4c Tax = 44c Children—15c any time
'It Happened One Night" Happens Again! Year's gayest loVe'^on’the-run fun hit!
yoHFTTA MELVYN •«' DOOGiaS
Bi raviB roK
STARTS
LAST TIMES TODAY
JEFFREY LYNN BRENDA MARSHALL — IN — 'Money and the Woman'
TOMORROW MARS
Fehring Announces Rrst Team Pradice Saturday According to an announcement by Head Coach Dutch Fehring the varsity baseball squad will .begin practice tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock. The team will work out on the freshman diamond in the intramural field. “Pop” Doan, Bert Sanders, and Captain Bud Fisher will be in charge of the iall practice.
Schedules
Softball
PRACTICE GAMES Friday, Sept. 13 > Diamond 1. Acacia ve. Delta XJpsiion 2, Phi Kappa Sisma vb. Sigrma Phi Ep-
silon.
S. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 4. Phi Kappa Tan vs. Sigma Pi , v 5. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Kappa SigmaN. 7. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Lambda Chi > Alpha. ' 8. Pi Kappa .Alpha vs. Tan Kappa BiP-
silon.
9. Alpha Tan Omega vs. Phi Delta Theta. 10. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Chi. 11. Beta Theta^ Pi VS. Phi Gaxdma^ Delta. 12. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Tap 18. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho 14. Sigma Alpha Mn vs. 'Theta Xi. 15. Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa 16 Sigma Chi vs. Triangle 17. Delta Tan Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 18 Sigma Nn vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
Bob says:
SANtTONE CLEANING SCORES A BIRDIE WITH ME
You’ll Like It too, when you Try It Phone Now for Pick-Up
West Side Office— 132 Northwestern Ave.
Date Tonight? A new fall bonnet is just the trick to impress this year's first campus date. He will be pleased and so will you, when you step out in one of our new fall models.
VOCII Nil SHIP
Phone 2207
313 Columbia
This New Book Makes life Easy For You... Read ^How to Choose a Slide Rule’’
KTS nCMOBOVS . • IT’SHBliPFVl... irS FREE
by DON nSitOUD D<» Hi^Id takes the mystery ont of Slide Rules with this helpful new hook. Be tells yon, in the twinkling of an eye, how to decide on the kind of rule that will do the most for you. The story is amply told, as from oiie dd iide rule slider to another, and profusely illustrated in two dazzling colors, as only Don Hovld can illustrate. “How to Choose a Slide Rule” ia yours fixe the asking—^providing you ask before the Supply nms oat. See your campus K&£ dealer at <mce. Bar. lasy KEUFFEL & ESSER CO. NKW YORK—HOBOKBH, N. J. eWCAOO < ST, LOUIS aSN FRANCISCO • nos AHOBLES • DSTROrr - MOimUDU.
V
Get Your Keuffel & Esser Slide Rules at University Book Store Across front the Union — Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
V
1%
4 “I)>■ !()(
'u
l-if)
|| t^doy, Septembd# Id, 1940
PmniiE EXPONENt
T?^TO ‘4t%' 'i /il ' fVj
SWEEPING THE COUNTRY! .^J^oiii^wood l^o^ue Skid Designed in Hollywood, the new Rogue Shirt by *B.VD. IS popular with men everywhere. The patented V rieckline spreads wide to accommodate your head. But when worn, the neckline remains smartly closed without gapping. It's the shirt that combines complete comfort with smart tailored appearance. Long sleeves See our new selection of Fall fabrics and colors $2.00 up
Fraternally Yours
Brother, we’ve got two things that montey can’t buy . . . and we give them away. Our observation on the effect of different collars on different necks and faces, will help us suggest the right edllar style for you. That’s one angle. Then, too, our shirts are cut by band over the newest Formline Front patterns that eliminaie those un^i^hily bulges and wrinkles dcross th6 bdck arid shoulders for more ease and comfort. Come in and look over our selection for Fall . . . colors and styles to suit every taste. All Sanforized-Shrunk* for perfect lasting
fit.
ENRO SHIRTS
^2 up
fashioned to smooth away the
wrinkles under your tie
S00N4INST. ^
IpP CLOTHtS SHOP INC.
G
CAA Pilots... (Continued from page 1) signed by all applicants: In making this application I understand that in order to qualify for this training I must meet the following requirerhents: I must be a citizen of the United States and have attained my nineteenth but not my twentysixth birthday by Oct. 1, 1940. If under 21 years of age, I mus obtain the written consent o:l my parents or guardian for this training. If now enrolled in college, I must be a fully matriculated degree candidate and have satisfactorily completed at least 1 ful year of college work acceptable to the institution sponsoring ; the training. If not now enrolled in college, I must have satisfactorily completed 2 full years oT more of ' accredited college work acceptable to the institution sponsor-
ing the training. I must never have been disqualified from particii>ation in the Civil Pilot Training Program by Advisory Board action. I must successfully pass a physical examination for a Student Pilot certificate with a Commercial CPT rating, administered by a designated Civil Aeronautics medical examiner. I agree, if selected, to complete the ground and flight course unless disqualified by the college, the flight operator, or the Administrator of Civil Aeronautics previous to its conclusion. I further agree, if selected, to abide by all the rules and regulations as promulgated by the Administrator of Civil Aeronautics and the . .. (Sponsoring institution) in connection with this flight training. I pledge myself to enter the military service of the United States for further flight training, if I am qualified.
^PRoressonEveRWOKefA’’
When we told our artist we wanted an ad on Arrow Shirts for fellows going back to school, he said: *T suppose you'll want a long spiel about Arrow's neat collars—nice patterns—and their one apd on^y
form-fit Mitoga cut.
“That’s dandy, but if I had my way, I’d just show
'em the shirts, and let them do the talking.’’
The idea made sense. Here are the shirts. All are
Sanforized Shrunk, guaranteed never to shrink. Drop in and see (
.....$2ud
them
DEWENTER'S
416 lifain St.
FRESHMEN! Here’s One Rule Not In The Book Y ou may have to wear a freshman cap, but there’s no rule against wearing Arrow shirts. No doubt you’ve discovered by this time that more college men wear Arrow shirts than any other brand shirt. There are reasons: The superb Arrow collar, the Mitoga cut, the anchored buttons, and the permanent fit (San-forized-Shrunk, fabric shrinkage less than 1%). .All these extra values plus authentic styling are yours for the small sum of $2. Buy a stack of Gordon oxfords as a starter —^yoh’ll never regret it. ] ARROiV SHIRTS
Complete tine of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S In the Village
Our Standi (Cofltinued from page 1)
Romans, so acchstomed to the benefits of our dvilization that we have neither the will nor the courage to defend them?” “ . . . This is not the time for Selfishness or pettiness—^it is the time for sacrifice and magnanimity .. . ”—^August, 1940.
Our Policy
We do not wish to appear dogmatic about these questions. We realize that some of the premises we have already written into our stand have become untenable. This is a natural result of the swiftness with which our world is being transformed. Like a beleaguered army therefore, we shall make the battle plan fit the battle ground. We shall continue to voice and defend our honest convictions believing that by so doing we shall either be strengthened in these convictions or be forced to abandon them as unsound. Likewise we shall continue to voice the criticism of our readers whose opinions and views do not coincide with our own. Co-eds To Pick Official Applied Design Depf. Senior Outfits Today Shows Art Exhibit
All senior women are asked to attend a meeting at 4 p. m. this afternoon in the north ballroom of the Union. The meeting is being held to discuss the type of garb to be adopted by the senior women as their official outfit. The jackets will make their initial appearance at the first home football game. Jean Chandler is in charge of the meeting.
Robert O. Parks, director of art exhibits, has announced that the first show of the Music Room art exhibition series for this year has opened and will continue tmtil September 19. This msplay, entitled “Art For Rent” is composed of the picture rental library of the applied design department. Several pictures were sold from the library last year, and the exhibit includes the replacements which were made.
,,j[lG444idn4€,. HOME AND BACK BY Railway Express!
Direct as a "touchdown pass” is the campus-to-home laundry service offered by RAILWAY EXPRESS. We call for your laundry, take it home... and then bring it back to you at your college address. It’s as quick and convenient as that! You may send your laundry prepaid or collect, as you prefer. Low rates include calling for and delivering in all cities and principal towns. Use R AILWA Y EXPRESS, too, for swift shipment of all packages and luggage. Just phone
Phone 5069
9 So. Second St.
Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWA
XPRESS AGENCY Inc.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE I
Wins campus honors
On every c^cmpus fhs Arrow Gordon Oxford Shirt with button-down collar takes fir^ place for long wear, right style and low price. . . $2
Mitoga fotm-&i
Sanforized-Shrunk
HGRSEY’S “IFhere Every Shirt fs An Arraw^ 507 Main St. Laihr Hotel Buildingill!?**"?'''’'’' ' /'
TfTTTIp T
i%i(^ ^1
;v
* m,® i*
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday^ September 13, 1940
• $
IPs
"•5* Colaam
The war takes sonae funny quirks. We heard from a barber in Indianapolis who has some relatives in Holland that something mighty peculiar is going on. Every day a squadron of planes dumps its bombs in the ocean and then runs like hell for home again. They can’t figure out whether the fliers are Nazis who are allergic to London or Englishmen who are allergic to Berlin. * ♦ * But someone’s cheating. 4- * * Or else their bomb sights are off. * * ♦ If we lived over there we’d complain to the high i command. It’s like living under the elevated and as if that wasn’t bad enough, having the company stage a head on collision every few hours. ♦ * * Of course it does break up the monotony. * * * We see by the paper that the Senate and House have finally come to an agreement on who can be drafted. Almost. All they need now is a vote. Then^ President Roosevelt can call out anyone from the age of 21 to 35, plus the national guard. It's great sport. * * * All they need now is a place to put them. * * * The R. A. F. has been bombing Berlin we understand.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in La'fayette, Indians, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriiied January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.p0 per year, mail subscription 83.50. Editor-in-Chief B. W. Donahue Business Manager. Merie Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor.— D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers; D. S. Powers, G. C, Landers ; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. e / Co-ed Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sporty 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Friday, September 13, 1940.
And Hitler is getting kind of sore about it. He’s been making threats even. The ultimatum is that they had better stop. Or he’ll bomb London.—dkh
Notices
No notices received after 6 p. m. Newman Club: All Catholic eds and coeds be at the “Get Together” dance tomorrow night in St. Mary’s Auditorium at 9 o’clock. It’s your dance; be there. 9-14 —BENNA.
Chinese Students: First monthly meeting of the Chinese Students’ Club Friday. September 13, at 7 p. m. in room 328 of the Union. —KU.
Freshman Campers: Inquire of G. H. Graves, 227 S. Grant, for articles left at the Freshman Camp. —GRAVES.
All PEW classes: Meet in Women’s Gym. Horseback riding classes meet in gym on Friday at 4 p. m. All PEW 66 classes meet Thursday at 4 p. m. in the gym. AH bowling classes meet in gym. These meetingrs count as class attendance. —HAZELTON.
Aspirant Exponent Workers; There will be a meeting, Saturday, September 14, at 1 p. m. in thelExponent office in the Union for all sophomores who have not previously been workers on the Exponent. —HEIPLE. Union Building Permanent Assignments; All organizations wishing permanent rooms in the Memorial Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union board before Thursday, September 19. Please state the size of the organization and the reasons for wishing a permanent room. —CLARK. Pan Hellenic: Meeting today at 4 o’clock in room 306 of the Union. —LANG.
Chemistry 109, 113, 126, 201b; Will students enrolled in these courses please leave their schedules in room 210 of the chemistry building. , —ELVING.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting of all members Friday, September 13, at 4:80 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —CORTISSOZ.
All Senior Women: Important meeting regarding senior jackets will be held in the north ballroom of the Union on Friday, September 13, at 4 p. m. —CHANDLER. Sophomore Baseball Managers: Sophomore baseball managers report at varsity equipment cage in the Fieldhouse, Saturday, September 14, at 1:00 p. m. —DAVIS-REGERRIS.
(p/cdaiSL. (Rjoi^alsu New Enlarged QolkqsL StwfL Headquarters for School Hits The busiest corner on the entrance floor—where one finds gay and authentic styles—^Palais Royals’ College Shop has established the standard of what is correct for school.
SWEATERS BLOUSES TWO-PIECE SPORTS DRESSES SKIRTS JACKETS SUEDE JERKINS PINAFORES
BARBIZON LINGERIE Juniors Slips — Pajamas Robes — Gowns B*AG§ AINKLETS and HOSIERY GLOVES BELTS SCARFS COSTUME JEWELRY HANDKERCHIEFS
Varsity Baseball: Varsity baseball practice Saturday, September 14, at 1:80 p. m. » —FBHRING. Freshmen Baseball: There will be a meeting for all freshmen interested in trying out for the frosh squad on Monday, September 16 in the Fieldhouse at 7:80 p. m. —DOAN.
-CASE.
Horseback Rising: There are a few vacant seats in advanced classes on Monday at 1:80 and 2:80 p. m. All interested go to the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Friday, Sept. 18 for a required meeting. Bring riding fee and sign up at that time. —CASE.
For Rent: Furnished modern home with refrigeration. Inquire 214 W. Columbia. Room and Board: Comfortable doable rooms with single beds, 428 N. Grant.
Sophomores: All sophomores interested in* working for Activities Bureau please report to the Activities Bureau in the Union at 4 p. m. today. —WALLEY.
Student Senate: First meeting of Student Senate Tuesday, September 17, at 7:80 p. m. in the Senate office. —LAYSON. Jteamer Club: Meeting Tuesday September 17 at 7:16 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —BOHLIN. Purdue Players Executive Board: Will the following people please be in Fowler hall at 4 p. m., Monday, September 16: Don Salmond, Myra McKee, Lans Hinrichs, Bob Pettibone, Betty Erick, Harold Martin, and Martha Jane Pox. —CARR.
Camera Club: All members who have material in lockers in the darkrooms should leave their name and position of the locker that they are using on the form in the darkroom book at the West desk. This should be done before Saturday, September 21st or the locks will be cut and the contents removed. 9-14 —GEPHABT.
For Rent: Two room furnished Apt, Block from campus. Garage. ^11 86202, Modern, attractive rooms; four blocks from Union; two doubles, one small single. 114 Sou^ Salisbury. Two single rooms; first floor; no other roomers. Very desirable. Reasonable. 4l0 Maple St. Phone 86683.
Excellent Room for Roy: Inner spring mattress; cross ventilation. Mrs. Swank, 202 Russell. Phone 2848 or 8906.
Purdue Players: Meeting for all members Tuesday, September 17, at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. All members are requested to attend. —CARR.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Tsrpewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of x>ortable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2770. —da
Gymnastic Team: All candidates for the gymnastic team will meet on the tumbling room of the Fieldhouse Friday, SepteuAer 13 at 4 p. m. —CARTESE. Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 19, at 7:16 p. m. in room 306 or the Union. All members please be present. 9-19 —PITCHER.
For Sale—Underwood standard typewriter, like new; reasonable. Phone 66733.
Band Uniform for Sale. CHEAP. Size 87. Phone 76721.
FOR RENT Excellent Room: Maple Furniture; innerspring mattress, hot water, bath and shower. 287 Crum Court. Phone 2659.
PEW Riding Classes: Everyone who registered for horse back riding classes must meet at the V^emen’s Gym this af-
Two single rooms; first floor; no other roomers. Very desirable. Reasonable. 410 Maple St. Phone 85688.
For Bent Single room with garage. 1500 Ravinia Road, West Lafayette. Phone 61871. WANTED Wanted: 2 boys to share furnished oottage with cooking privileges. Reasonable. 182 Sheets. LOST Lost—Pair of colorless, shell-rimmed spectacles in a big, tin case. Return to Exponent office. Reward.
Student Alliance Forum Discusses Conscription The pros and cons of the conscription bill were discussed at the first meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance which was held in the Union last night. The meeting was conducted as a forum and was open to everyone interested.
We Carry All Parker Fountain Pens UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Union—Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R, W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
mmsMH Onk .
) 1
ft
\ i
«•
CARRY THE PEN
That mil Help Ibn Get Uie’Greelis’I
GIMANTEED^UFE 'That gnmrt, exclusive style of shimmering Pearl rings which excites admiration when you’re seen in its company. That patented One-Hand Sacless Filler with a Big Ink
Reserve in place of a ruhher ink sac.
TImt streamlined Television barrel which keeps you from missing the boat by showing if your ink is mnning low. That extra resilient, non-hrittle 14 K Gk»ld “lubricated”
Point which takes the load off your hand!
It’s the revolutionary Parker Vacnmatic—the only Pen of its kind in the world. Xet based on official life Expectancy Tables of leading insurance companies it costs less than forest pens because it’s Guaranteed for Life by Parker’s Blue Diamond. Try it today at the nearest pen coimter.
The Parker Pen Company, Janesville, Wiaconam., ^
Maxhno, $10/ Molor(llluifrafad) or Dabuionto, $8.75; Junior or Su Web, $5
the EASIEST, Rrast convenient to operate, ai proved by Deavttt lobe.
Pen* marked with the Blue Diamond are guaranteed for the life of the > owner agalneteve^htng except lois or Intentional damage, (ub|ect only to a charge of 35p for poetage. Insurance, and handling, provided complete pen le returned for lervlce.
Moiched Vacuamik Peg and WrIMioo Peectf Salt, $8.50 to PiO
TRY PARKER QUIHK, THE MIRACLE INK THAT CLEANS A PEN AS IT WRITES, ISfS AND 280
COMPLETE PARKER PEN SERVICE
PDRDliEEOCK&SimYSTDKE
LVLE CRIDOLEV-MANAGER
«tate jtrcei ^WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Y)
n
Y)
^ J?
Xl
ul
%\