)
t n
\ n
^ ^ ¥
f i m
f li ry <!' *^"''
driTB
^ 4 ‘ f**",
Published Paily by Students of Purdue University
TSxaanent
t
VcittIMB XlbVIW
t
Short Course Registration.
Opens Monday
j Expect Record Enroll* ment For 8 Weeks’ Agricultural Training Indications this week point to a
considerable increase in enrollihent oyer last year in the eight-week winter course in agriculture, which will open Monday at the Upiversity, according to Assistant Dean V. C, Freeman of the school of agriculture. Applications for registration in the eight-week courses have been received from Indiana and a number of other states, Freeman said.
New Scholarships
Additional scholarships have been offered this year as an extra opportunity for Hoosier youth to get two months of university training in agriculture at a minimum of time and expense. Reports show that many Purdue alumni through Indiana have taken an unusual interest in the essay contests which they sponsor, and that a large number of students will be enrolled next Week who won one of these schol-
arships.
Official registration for the winter course in Agriculture will be held Monday, January 18, according to Freeman. The four courses being offered this year are: general agriculture, animal husbanctry, Mairy production, and dairy manufac-
tures.
Last year the enrollment in the eight-week course was 168, which was the largest class since 1918. Assisant Dean Freeman predicted the 1937 class would even excel the previous records.
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, January 16, 1937
January 15, 1937 THIS business of editing a paper IS no picnic. If we print jokes, the people will say we’re silly; if we don’t, they say we are too serious. If we clip things from other papers they s^y we’re too lazy to write ’em ourselves; if we don’t, we are “stuck on our stuff” . . . —30— IF we stick close to the job all day, we ought to be out hunting up news; if we do get out and try to hustle, we ought to be on the job in the office. If we print certain stories, the paper is filled with ‘^junk”; if we don’t, we are showing partiality... —80— WHEN we change the other fellow’s story, we are too critical; if wb don’t, we’re asleep. Now, like as not, some guy will say we swiped this from some other paper . . . we did! —30— YESTERDAY’S riddle .... if Moses is the son of Fharoah’s daughter, who is the daughter of Pharoah’s son? ... Old timerb say the answer is Moses, for if he was the son of the daughter of Pharoah then he was the daughter of Pharoah’s son... which is merely a way of saying the same thing twice . , . .__30— SPEAKING - of classiffcations, (which we’re not), Phil Dessauer, Oklahoma City University columnist, recently called attention to the need for new typewriters by clasai fying the old machines in the following manner . . , —30— THE common type is known as the “Hula” model ... it shimrnies. No. 8 is the “love bird” type , . . every part is stuck on some o^ev part, and the keys are stuck on themselves. Then there’s the “hop-skip-jump” variety . . . the Jesse Owens of its species ... it always goes twice as fast as the typist... —80— NUMBER four is the “journalist’s special.” It is nature’s boon to the pencjl industry . . a sort of aviator-type machine . . . the keys always look the fi(Sild over before they land. Th^i last model is kpown as the “secretary^',», it slips ipto your lap Upon the slightest prov ooation.
Supervisor
A/.M.'JACKUN Heading the February Diesel Short Course at the University will be H. M. Jacklin of the Mechanical Engineering Department.
Frosh Senate Rally Today Candidates Will Make Short Tsdks At Meeting In Fowler Hall Forty-four freshman candidates for the Student Senate will be introduced to their classmates at a rally of the rookie students in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock this afternoon. Each candidate will be permitted to make a short talk at today’s mass meeting, which is being supervised by the Senate. Science freshmen nominated four representatives from their class yesterday morning to bring the total number of nominees to 44, while no physical students appeared at their scheduled meeting place. Consequently, no representa1;ion in the Senate will be allotted to the P. E. school. Science Nominees The freshmen science students nominated yesterday are Ruth Hall, Mary Ed Johnston, Joe Martin, and Joe Quinlan. The candidates reported at the Senate office yesterday afternoon to pay their one-dollar nomination fees and to get their pictures taken for campaign publicity purposes. The nomination fee is to be used in meeting campaign expenses. Today’s rally will be the first introduction of open campaigning on the University campus. Prom experience gained in handling the freshmen campaign, the Senate will draft open campaign measures to govern future elections.
YWCA To Present Radio Program On WBAA Y. W. C. A. talent will present another radio broadcast from 2:45 until 3 o’clock today over the University station, WBAA. Mary Wien, chairman of the Y. W. C. A. committee on music, is in charge of the program, which will include a violin solo by Eva Robertson, accompanied by Kathryn Merritt at the piano; piano selections by Sylvia Zussin; and a string duet by Marian'and Marjorie Rogers, cellist and violinist. This series of broadcasts is part of the Y, W. Q. A, campaign for associated members under the direction of the advisory board. Mrs. J. H. McKee, president of the advisory board, announced that interested persons may contact the organization to secure membership through the Y. W. C. A. office in the Memorial Union Building. Participation in the organization activities may be taken by members who have made a one-dollar contribution.
K. H. Barren Bl K. H. Burrell, senior E. E., vice president of IMangle fratemityi was taken to the Home Hospital yesterday afternon after he was stricken with a case of appendicitis. He was resting well last night and he may undergo an operation tO-
Thirteen Spades Dealt Freshman In Bridge Game Don Lowman, Cary Hall freshman in engineering, hailing from Hawthorne, Ne# Jersey, received thirteen spades while playing bridge yesterday afternoon at the Hall. Playing with Lowman were Bob Schaub, Ken Blessing, and Lou Hirsch. “Oh, I kinda turned white and felt funny inside,” said Lowmah last night when asked how he felt when he received the perfect hand.
Offer Short Diesel Course University To Conduct Two Weeks’ Work For Motor Service Men A cooperative short coiurse for operators and owners of Diesel engines, as well as for garage men and motor service workers of all classifications will be held at the University in February, it was annoimced recently by Prof. H. M. Jacklin, head of the automotive department in the school of mechanical engineering. The dates for the course, two weeks in length, have not been finally determined as they will hinge on arrangements made by various cooperating concerns that are~providing some of the material for instructional and demonstrational purposes not only at Purdue, but also for other mid-western universities that will offer similar courses. According to present plans, the Cummins company of Columbus, the International Harvester Company, the Caterpillar Tractor Company, the Waukesha Company, and the Hercules Company, and other concerns will cooperate in movipg the equipment from one school ^and "another long enough for instructional purposes and also*to give all engineering students an opportunity to inspect it carefully.
Easter Cantata Try-Outs Auditions for students interested in giving an Easter program or singing in the church choir will be held Sunday afternoon, January 17, at three o’clock in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Mrs. A. F. Price will conduct the auditions.
Correction WRH second fioor number 1 defeated the Bronx team in volleyball, 26-22.
Under The Mirror Book notes from th« Prewsiog Soom
WIND To Broadcast Purdue-LU. Game Tomorrow Night Purdue’s crucial hardwood battle with Indiana at Bloomington Saturday night will be broadcast by Sthtion WIND, of Gary, according to word that was received here yesterday afternoon. There is a complete sellout of tickets for the game and no seats will be‘available at the fieldhouse.
River Rises 1.3 FeetInSHours Record *55 Inches Of Rain; Roads South Of ^ Indianapolis ClosedA rise of 1.3 feet was recorded yesterday by Thomas W. Hill, the weather bureau observer at the University Agricultural Experiment Station as the river reached a height of 14 feet. Rains in the northern part of the state yesterday provided a good indication that the river will rise higher within the next fortyeight hours. Rainfall During the period from 7 a. m. to 4 p. m. yesterday, .56 of an inch of rainfall was recorded at the weather bureau. Road 52 north of Lebanon was reported to be under 9 inches of water and all roads south of Indianapolis were reported closed to traffic. Roads Closed Highways in scattered sections of the state were submerged interrupting traffic. Lowlands near Evansville were fiooded by the Ohio river which reached a stage of 38.2 feet at Evansville. The White River rose two feet and is now within one and one-half feet of flood stage. A bregk in the plass ditch levee south of Vincennes fiooded U. S. 41 for over one mile.
Co-eds Register For Rush Today Co-eds who are desirous of entering rush second semester may do so by registering at 4 p. m. today in room D of the Memorial Union Building and paying the two dollar fee. — Sarf Schaaf, president of the Pan Helllenic Coimcil, stated that rush week starts at midnight Sunday, February 7, and continues until midnight Saturday, February 13. There will also be a registration period, February 6, for girls failing to register tomorrow.
POETRY > The word “anthology” has a Greek derivation and is a combination of two words, antohs, meaning flower, and legein, meaning to gather. So an anthology is a collection of flowers of literature or a colllection of poems or epigrams. On the shelves of the'Browsing Room there are a number of anthologies of poetry which represent a number of authors. > “An Anthology of World Poetry,” edited by Mark Van Doren is very comprehensive, containing as it does translations from Chinese, Japanese, Persian, Arabian and Hebrew poetry as well as from other foreign languages. English, Irish and American poets are also represented in the collection. Louis Untermeyer has edited two critical anthologies, “Modem British Poetry,” and “Modem American Poetry.” A short biographical and critical note accompanies the work of each author in these volumes. ' “The Oxford Book of English Verse,” chosen and edited by Arthur Queller-Couch, has been a t^assic since the beginning of this century. “Indiana-Poets,’^ an anthology of 48 living writers, has a local appeal and contains some interesting yet lii^tle known poems by Indiana authorif < . ^
Grad Dies In Storm Word has been received of the death of Burmond Crozier, who received his Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering in 1933. He was engaged in electrical work in Montana, and made his home with his mother in Butte. Details of his death are not complete, but he was found frozen in his car at the side of a road following a recent cold spell on January 6, 1937 .
Sbloist
Fred Baase, xyli^hone soloist, who will play tomorrow night with the University Military Concert Band in Jefferson High School gymnasium.
Baase Solo To Top Concert ^Big Drum Benefit’ Tomorrow Will Feature Xylophone Number F. C. Baase, soloist with the Purdue Concert Band, will be featured on the “Big Drum Benefit” concert tomorrow night at 8:16, plaring an xylophone number, “Le Secret.” This number, especially adapted to concert presentation, requires a considerable amount of skill and will add a major point of interest tb the concert. Baase, a sophomore in the school of mechanical engineering, besides playing the xylophone, exhibits exceptional proficiency on both piano and drumsui His ability on the various instruments has won for him the rank of superior musician, a distinction never before conferred on an underclassman.
WRH Sets Dates For Social Functions At the regular house meeting of Residence Hall co-eds last night, the dates for three future social functions were selected. February 7 was chosen for the formal tea and open-house. On Febdance from 4 o'clock until 7, when a ruary 13 the Hall will have a tea. buffet supper will be served to resi dents and guests. May 1 was chosen as nn approximate date for the Residence Hall spring formal dance. Miss Georgianna Baker, social chairman, and her committee are making plans for all three events.
Bryant Plays For Mixer Bud Bryant and his orchestra will play for the regular weeWy miggr tomorrow night in the Union ballroom. 'The-dance will be held from 9-12 and the regular mixer price of one dollar will be charged.
G. Byers Will Preside At Y. M. C. A, State Meeting January 20 Bloomington, Jan. 14—George Byers, Purdue Agricultural graduate ’17, and president of the state Y. M. C. A., will preside at the business sessions of the sixty-sixth annual state meeting of the Y. M. C. A. to be held here January 20. Campus Leader Mr. Byers, who is a resident of Lafayette, was a prominent Purdue campus leader during hib scholastic career. He was president of the local student branch of the Y. M. C. A., a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, held the rank of cadet colonel in the Purdue R. O. T. C., member of Scabbard and Blade, and president of Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary. The state meeting is the first that has ever been sponsored by a college or university Y. M. C. A. organization. The meetings will be held in the Student Union on the Indiana campus.
Agricultural Conference Ends Today Dr.O.F.HaRWiUTalk Today; Expect New Attendance Record Despite a drizzling rain which feR throughout yesterday, there was every indication that last year’s record attendance at the annual agricultural conference of 6,845 Hoosier farmers and farmlmmemalun^ representing every section of the state, might be surpassed. Official registration yesterday at the conference was well over 6,000. The conference will come to a close today with speeches by Dr. D. E. landstrom, of the University of Illinois, Mrs. W. C. Roberts^ of Heltonville, and Dr. O. F. Hall of the University education department. In addition there will be a special program for soil conservation service superintendents and foresters. Honor Five Five outstanding Hoosier agricultmists were honored at the Ag Alumni dinner, which was addressed yesterday 4)y A. G. Phillips, sales manager of Allied Mills, Chicago. The men received merit certificates for their work in agricultural extension projects. The opening of the forty-seventh annual meeting of the Indiana State Dairy Association as well as the annual meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association and the continuation of the annual meeting of the Indiana Horticultural Society were among the many features of the da3r’s specialized sections. 600 At Dinner Dr. Viva Boothe, of Ohio State University, was the principal speaker before the aimual Indiana Home Economics Association discussing “The Consumer Takes A Bow.” Six hundred women attended the dinner in the Memorial Union 'baUroom with 200 more present at the program. Starred on the program was a marionette show, “Willow Ware,” presented by Mr. and Mrs. D. H. Patterson. In the morning, the visiting women were addressed by Mrs. Caroline B. King, associate editor of the Country Gentleman. Ten different agricultural associations held their meetings here during the conference.
Epworth League, Church Class Elect New Officers Elections were held in the Mehtodist Men’s Sunday School class and in Epworth League on Sunday, January 10. The results of the elections were as follows: Men’s classpresident Charles Lacey; vice-presi-dent, Donald Parsons; secretary, Gordon Douglass; associate secretaries, Roderick Grail and Edwin Croft Jr.; treasurer, Robert Schnell. Epworth League—^president, June Denny; vice-president, Forest Warren; worship chairman, James Ludberg; assistant worship chairman, Tressibel Rusk.
RUSH All girls interested in Second Semester Rush sign up Fridiay afternoon at 4 in Room D of the Memorial Union Building. ---SOHAAP.
Present University With Portrait Of Thomas A. Coleman One of the features of the annual Agricultural Alumni luncheon program yesterday at the Agricultural Conference here was the unveiling and presentation of an oil painting of Thomas A. Coleman, acting diirector of agricultural extension for the University and in charge of county agent work in Indiana since it was started on an organized basis in 1913. The portrait was presented to the University by Hal Royce, Parke county agent, and the president of Epsilon Sigma Phi, an honorary extension fraternity, and was accepted by President E. C. Elliott of the institution, to be added to the group of prominent farm leader pictures hanging in the Africultural Experiment Station- The painting and hanging of the picture is in recognition of many years of active work in behalf of l^iana agriculture.
Ceres Eleetioiis Ceres, agronomy honorary, at a meeting last night elected Ed Miller, president; M- Drake, riiWHptWt* dent; F. Warren, secretary; and JDibble, treasurer-
Wet And Cold By Tempy W«i^h«ar liiwM
■will'"""' I IIH This weather makes me think emotional weather. In ]l^ sure its emotional and melancholy weather hecausa it’s so wet that even my eyes are swimming. 9u| I have go^ news—it will dry w today and get a ]^ttle aelderi. . - P, & I sent my taH to the dl^y cleaners, not because it needad n clean^, but it tmtaioly ibe drira out, ' a Jk. - ^ ..... -w —>..11.. iV-v i V 'A '
I'
X %
i i\ M
’<sa,the PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday^ JANUARY 15,1987
“I
Tests vs. Convocation Since the purpose of the splendid series of convocation lectures and concerts is to pr(> vide opportunity for students to enjoy Md appreciate cultural entertainment ymich might otherwise be out of their reach, it would seem that all campus forces should work together to accomplish this purpose. However, when instructors announce quizzes or to be held on the following days, countless students find it necessary to deprive themselves of this desirable entertainment in favor of their pressing study. In courses) where a regular weekly quiz is given there is not the same need for consideration because an efficient student can make the necessary adjustments when the convocation program falls the night before. But the frequent announced tests which can usually be set on one of several different days are the ones which prove most destructive to convocation enjoyment. It is true that some students manage to carry along a book or notebook to ease their consciences, but this sort of studying is rarely beneficial or profitable. Now there are numerous instructors who are firmly convinced that cramming and lastminute studying do more harm than good. Some students realize this, but still more dislike to take a test with no previous review, much less no opportunity to make a second stab at getting work too difficult to grasp the first time over. The person who contends that the programs are limited to an hour or two of actual entertainment, which should not knock out too much study time, are not taking into consideration the thirty or forty minutes necessary to spend in the interests of getting a seat in an advantageous position, not to mention the ensuing difficulties before getting back to books and down to study. Particularly since the entire year’s program is announced with the dates of each event, it would seem that these ten nights over a period of nine months could warrant an absence of tests the following days with no great inconvenience on the part of the instractora.
Liberal Arts Courses One of the wisest steps that could be taken in connection with engineering education is the new requirement set up in the chemical engineering school which requires that those students who are deficient in English elect an extra course in that subject in the junior or senior year. Chemical engineering students were also urged by the head of that school to take liberal arts subjects for their elective courses. This step marks a radical change from the policy upheld by engineering educators in the past years. At that time students were urged to carry all the technical courses that it was posible to take, and to leave the liberal arts courses alone. Industry required that the technical man be thoroughly trained in his particular field; in order to make this possible the engineering schools cut down on the liberal arts courses and increased the number of technical courses. The result of this action was that the engineer was not able to deal with men as a normally educated man would, and he could not write out clear reports as his English courses had been deficient. The chemical engineering school seems to haye discovered the weakness of such a policy, however, and in the future the chemical engineer should be able to deal with people and write clear reports as well as any other professional man. It might be well for the other engineering schools to follow the example set by the chemical engineering school, for a similar deficiency in liberal arts courses exists in all of Purdue’s engineering schools. —C. D. S.
l^urbue exponent
FoBiid.i in 188S
BditaHto-Oiicf-
EOITOKIAL STAFF
Editor..
8POBT8 STAFF
Antocfato Editor.—W, H, FMnM, S. X. OrigiaM, B. F. Obenchato
Jasos Bditor—J. A. Clisplii
He’s A Good Fellow But— Is he a good instructor? Does he take time to explain things and draw diagrams on the blackboard if such diagrams will help in explaining difficult problems? ^ ^ ’ Before registration at the beginning of each semester, many students go to their friends to learn which instructor is the best in some course that they are going to take. These friends, while meaning well, often give information that leads to a poor choice of inSi/FUCl^OFS. What if the instructor is a “good fellow?” That should not be the primary consideration. If he teaches the course so that it is a “pipe,” but does not give out the information that should be taught in the course, then he fails in the role of an instructor. The time spent in his classes is wasted. The information that was obtained from the fellow student, while given in the spirit of helping others was false. A wise choice of instructors at the beginning of each semester, in sofar as it is possible, makes the time spent in classes and the money spent for fees well used. A poor instructor causes the student to fail to comprehend the principles set forth in the course by TYifllcing him lose interest in the classes. A choice based upon the idea of whether or not he is a competent instructor will pay the student many times over for the small amount of time ^pent in making the choice.—D. R. V. Yeshiva’s Five Year Plan Indignation prevails at Yeshiva College, as students at the Jewish institution in New York City contemplate a revision in its recently adopted five year plan of study which would enable cum laude students to be graduated in four years. Under the new system each freshman and sophomore will carry twelve credit hours, two more than heretofore, per semester. However, students maintaining a B average for the first two years will be permitted to take sixteen hours a semester thereafter, as long as the B average is kept, and thus they may obtain the minimum 112 credits required for graduation in four years. Students averaging less than B must attend college a fifth year to get the remaining sixteen hours needed for their graduation. The five year plan, which went into effect last semester, was proposed as a means of raising the college’s scholastic stand^ds by allowing students more time for studying and also to facilitate the integration of the general and the Jewish curricula. Vigorous objections to allowing the better students to be graduated in four years and doubts as to the workability of the five year system have been voiced in the student newspaper, and the student council at the college has passed a unanimous resolution against the revision made in the plan. They hold that this alteration defeats all the original objectives of the lengthened college program by simplifying studies for the poor students and by failing to intensify them for the good students. .—^R. P. M.
1986 , Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PBESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST KEPIlEaKNTED rOR NATIONAL ADVaRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston ■ San Francisco Los anoelcs • Portland ■ Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, In> diana. Delivered by mail, $8.59 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by sinele copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICB-812 North Fifth Street Bu8foM8MRboneJ5088^JEditorialJ^one^6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
W, T, Hunt
Mminyitiy Bditor„. H. Morris AaaoElato EdHew-.—....K. A. Bi^ette, L E. Bro^ A. H. Forster, B. P. Manton, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants .W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. B. Clark. L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback. D. B. Vance E. H. Kellogg. K. E, O’Neil
WOMBIPS STAFF
fJsalAn
Aaapeiato Editors —JeanWjfanoni^. Doris McCartney, ^ Elizabeth Pyke Adva^ina Manager Betty Barnett
„ , „ BUSINESS STAFF Bnsinsss Manager.....^. ... B, J. Hulse Katfanal AdvertisinE Manager. „..L. H. Brown Local Advertising lunager. 0. Miller CXiviilation Manager J, P. Girard
L. D. Wood
And Another Record Records—^how we Americans love them., Give us anything that is a new alhtime something or other, and we’ll shout it to the skies for some time to come. It matters little what sort of record it is. It may be the speed of airplane transports, the price paid college football players or even the quantity of mashed potatoes consumed in a CCC camp during one month. Well, we just established a new mark during 1936. What makes the new record so unusual is that it topped by a goodly margin a high that had been set in 1935. For some time it seemed we would be content to let the earlier figure remain on the statistics books. But that wouldn’t do. The new record has been set and now’s the time to start bragging. The record ? Oh, yes—we killed 37,450 persons during the last year with our automobiles.—Indiana Daily Student.
THREE NASTY WORDS COMING INTO OUR YOUNG LIVES: 1. STUDY 2. FINALS 3. FLUNK. LIB “Gutter Ball” CALLISON is very secretive about a certain token of affection that she accepted last Saturday night—^what is the matter LIBO? Don’t you want to let the world know that you can hook a pin after all... SECRET AMBITIONS OF WRHers TREVA BARRY—to be a bigamist. DOROTHY JOHNSON—to ride around Lafayette on a bicycle built for two . . . RUTH GRAVE—to live in GARY HALL... JANE FLEIG—to have a private telephone installed in WRH. HELEN LANDGREBiP—to move some handsome lU pretty boys to Purdue.. .. BETTY BENNETT—to learn to like lemons—(do you get it Purdue eds?) CACKY DAVIS—to be a high class ... SULLY MASON—to be dated ... STOLEN—(Tuesday night, January 12, 1937) one porch light bulb from the south porch of WRH Annex—^the only clue was a note reading “Through Courtesy of Love.” Who is the guilty party ?—she must have objected to the light shining in her eyes ? ? ? ... It must have been a publicity stunt when AUDREY NEY WRH annexer stood up at the dinner table Tuesday night when they sang happy birthday to her—she should have remained seated for that time the birthday greeting was really for MURIEL COLLIP—^then when her birthday greeting was sounded off she stood up again—^that’s too many bows for any WRHer . . . THE KAPPA ACTIVES CAN’T SEEM TO GET DATES Starting this afternoon at 4 and ending Sunday night at 11 all Kappa pledges are barred from any form of masculine association—^the actives have been having a hard time getting dates lately so they are going to try and chisel in on their fresh—^just like a Kappa—^it sounds like SCUDDER’S idea to
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Orchids, Etc. To the Editor: Orchids to Cadwallader for a concise, inteligent opinion of the penalty day ruling. A crocheted bathtub to Miss E. C. P. for her puerile dissertation on the co-ed smoking habit. And garlic to you, dear editor, for printing material on a subject the discussion of which you had previously declared closed. —^D. H. Carson.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary feei^
LimA TODAY—SATURDAY
2 BIG FEATURES
BACK! at Demand of Millions!
The PEER Of FUNSTERS!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
“How should I know? It even has the tree surgeon baffled.”
We carry a complete line of Parker Pens, Pencils and Quink Ink SOUTHWORTffS
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schnltz Bldg. Phone 5701
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ARC TODAY—SATURDAY BOB STEELE
“ALIAS JOHN LAW” —and— HUGH WILLIAMS in “THE LAST JOURNEY” —Plus— CLYDE BEATTY in “DARKEST AFRICA” —AIsih— MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
FAMILY
TODAY—SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
JOHNNY MACK BROWN in “UNDERCOVER MEN” —and— JOE COOK in “ARIZONA MAHONEY”
-Now Playing—
DOUBLE FEATURE
Fred Scott
THE SINGING BUCKAROO
—PLUS—
RICARDO CORTEX JUNE TRAVIS
in
THE CASE OF THE BLACK CAT
Sun.-Mon.-Tues.-Wed.
—Starting—
MIDNITE SHOW SAT. —11:30—
THE MOST IMPORTANT EVENT IN LAFAYETTE’S THEATRICAL HISTORY I
M'G'M’s triumphant production of the'' greatest love story of all time!... Exciting beyond words . . . thrilling beyond description ... mighty beyond your totmeit dreams...It will remain fotever embusoned in your memory 1 ALL SEATS RESERVED
/
Matinee 55c—83c Night 55c—83c—$1.10 i
Tax Included
Twice Daily 2:30 and 8:30 TODAY and SATURDAY
I
NUihBEBFencing Squad Meets Illinois !Duelists Point To Beat Big Ten Champs Purdue’s fencing squad will meet their second opposition of the season tomorrow when they travel to Champaign, 111., to cross swords with the mini duelists. Fretting under the defeat administered at the hands of Cincinnati’s fencers last week, the Boilermakers combine will be out to lift themselves in their follower’s estimation. Not having been able td avenge last year’s defeat by Cincinnati, the Purdue team hopes to do some avenging this time for last year’s tilt with Illinois when they were beaten by a 12-4 count. That Coach Finney’s men face what probably will turn out to be the season’s toughest meet, is shown by the fact that the Illini combination, defending Big Ten champions and apparently up to its usual high standard, has already taken i;he measure of Cincinnati by scoring 11 points to their 6. .Capt. Latter, McWilliams, Reynolds, Lacy, Meirs, Sellers, Antucshko, and Stepath are among the probable Purdue entries in the three events, epee, foils, and saber. Antucshko, who has been ill, may be replaced unless he shows some improvement.
THE PURDUE EXPdNENT
State Horticulturists Hold Annual Dinner John Napier Dyer, former Indiana legislator and farm leader, was toastmaster at the annual dinner of the Indiana Horticultural Society held Wednesday evening at the home economics bilding with almost 200 in attendance. The horticulturists heard Prof. Prank Hall of the ristory department on “Today In Spain,” and a report on the International Flower Show at Chicago, by Dr. Laurenz Greene, chief in horticulture. Presentation of medals was made by Prof. Walter E. Lommel to winners in the junior and collegeiate horticultural judging contests at Purdue and at the national vegetable show in Cleveland.
Boilermakers Face 1]P mini Over Week-End ‘Big Ten Spotlight Is Focused On Lambertmen In Week-End Games* Crimson Aroused By Defeat Purdue’s right to retain at least a share of the Big Ten basketball leadership will be seriously challenged over the coming week-end by two of the leading championship contenders— Indiana and Illinois. The Big Ten hardwood spotlight will be focused squarely on the Boilermakers’ activities as
LOREN ORABB
, ILLINOIS FORWARD One of the smallest men on the team yet one of the fastesi at his guard position. The Illini expect him to provide many points against
the Boilermakers.
136 Attend Guernsey Breeders^ Banquet The largest meeting in the history of the Indiana Guernsey Breeders’ Association was held yesterday with 160 in attendance and 136 at the banquet Wednesday evening at the West Lafayette Methodist
Church.
A beautiful gold wrist watch was presented R. L. Holden, field representative of the American Guernsey Cattle Club, by the association for his work in their behalf during the year. Fred Siess, Lebanon, was reelepted president of the association and other officers were chosen as follows: W. O. Mills, West Lafayette, vice-president; and Mr. Telfer, secretary. New directors chosen were Adam Riggin, Muncie; D. Ulken, Goshen, and Everett Beatty, Huntington.
The Spice of LIFE
Life has many spices, but there is only one repl spice on the breakfast, lunch, and dinner table... and that is bread, the spice one never gets tired of. There is a difference in bread, too. Try several kinds and find out for yourself. Personally, we recommend Graves’ Youth Bread. Graves Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
they tackle the Crimson at Bloomington Saturday night and then return here Monday night to meet the high-flying I lini combination. The pair of battles both of which are already complete sellouts, will provide a severe test of the stamina of Coach Ward Lambert’s current production, which has been depending almost solely on a sustained speed attack in piling up ten straight victories so far this season. Title Hopes Both the Hoosiers and the Illini are still nourishing well-foimded title hopes and can be depended upon to cut loose with-the full speed of their attacks in an effort to bring PurdueJs victory string to an abrupt
end.
Purdue will find itself squarely on the spot Saturday night at Bloomington when it opens a home and home series with an Indiana quintet that has been aroused to a high pitch by its unexpected defeat at the hands of Illinois last Monday night, which marked the first setback of the season for the Deanmen. On the b^sis of comparative showings so far this season, there has been little to choose between the two quintets, both managing to eke out four-point victories over Iowa, and the Hoosiers with the advantage of the home floor are in a position to turn the present title race into a free-for-all. Fast Scoring Both quintets have been averaging well over a point a minute so far this season, and a typical “fire department” brand of basketball will be in prospect. Considerable interest will also be focused on the activities of the Big Ten’s two most prolific field goal producers, Jewell Young of Purdue, and Ken Gtmning of Indiana.
Belfield Defeats Harris;^ Captures Ping-Pong Crown Proving his superiority in wielding the ping-pong paddle, A. M. Belfield, Sigma Nu, out-played W. J. Harris of Acacia yesterday afternoon to capture the title of AllCampus Ping-Pong Champ. Belfield took the measiire of his opponent in two straight games, running up the scores of 21-19 and 21-15. Both of these men will be awarded medals and the Sigma Nu house will receive a bronze statue of a ping-pong player, mounted on a black metal base, as evidence of the prowess of one of itp members.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
For Rough Winter WButher
SUEDE TROUSERS (BIOLESKIN) Slide Rule Pocket $3.98
WOOL MACKINAWS $6.95
FRESHMAN TOQUES 48c
SENIOR CORDS XSlide RULE POCKET) $2.98
CHECKS
PLAIDS PLAIN
WOOL SLACKS
$3.98
GRAY CORDS (SLIDE RULE POCKET) $2.98
Reiiable Ciothing Store
224 MAIN
ielder’s.... ....choice ■iBy Bob Walpole——mm
One more day until the first of the game of games, Indiana versus Purdue, this time at Blomington . . • evenly matched? . . . yes! . . . and 6,800 net fans will pack the Bloomington Gymnasium to see this game . . . Purdue and Indiana have not met since the 1934-1935 season and then they split. .. each team’s score ending within three poinjts of the first game ... —fc— Don’t let that Illini win over the Hoosiers or the Presidents, or the Hoosier Hot Shots, or the Boys from that County Monroe, or whatever they prefer to be called, fool you . . . Indiana is one of the-finest net quintets in the country, and because they weren’t on their toes and Illinois was, is no reason to believe that the game Saturday night -will be any push-over affair for the Boilermakers , . . —fc— However, Purdue too, has one of the finest quintets in the country, and we believe finer than Indiana’s . . . so, hope for a win from the Cream and Crimson and the team is liable to bring one back . . . wait and see ... —^fc— Understand that John Drake has some fancy stories to tell about his trip to- the coast for the All-Star game in San Francisco ... he was gone long enough, he ought to have lots to tell ... do you, John? . . . —fc— The swimming team is still practicing daily although the first tentetive meet is in February . . . Coach LaBree expects one of his most wellrounded groups in his experience as varsity coach . ..
Civil Service Opens New Fields To College Grads Princeton, N. J.—(ACP)—^Developments in both government and business are creating wider opportunities for college and university graduates with a background of broad training, Prof. DeWitt Clinton Poole, director of the School of Public and International affairs at Princeton University, told the advisory board of the school in his annual report. “The concrete need which has presented itself insistently at the present juncture is to establish for the government service a reservoir of university graduates, outside of the professional and technical - fields, who can be started at a beginner’s level in the various civil departments and agencies as openings occur. “As a first step the Civil Service Commission held in 1934 an examination of general character for persons possessing an A. B. or higher dgree. From the registr of eligibles established by this examination more than 1,200 permanent appointments have been made at beginning salaries which range from $1,620 to $1,800. “As a situation is now developing, it may be said that these appointees have before them almost unlimited prospects of advancement commensurate with the capability and character which each evinces.
Longacre Winner Of ‘Agnus Alumnus’ John Longacre, sophomore in the agriculture school, won “Agnus Alumnus,” a pure-bred Chester-White gilt yesterday at the Agricultural Alumni Association dinner in the Agricultural Engineering Building. Agnus was purchased from Purdue for this dra-wing which was held with tickets given for ea^ year’s subscription to the Agriculturist.
Tap class for beginner’s opens at Allen’s Friday, Jan. 16th, 6:30 P. M.
WBAA
Janawy IS, 1937 11:00—Principles of Sociology, Mr. T. K. Noes. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:16—^Luncheon Dance Tiine. 12:80—Athletic Review, Ebmer Allen. 12:46—^Purdue Woman’s Club Program 1:00—Civic Forum Miss Mary Wagner 1:16—Life of Edison. 1:80—Great Inventions, Miss Lucille Campbell, Highland School, 1:46—^Markets, J. R. Hays. 2:00—Weather Reports. 2:16—^Musical Album, ChurlotU; Stewart, soprano. 2:80—Songs and ' Melodies. 2:46—Y. W. C. A. Program. 8:00—^Lafayette City Schools Program 8:80—^Lafayette Little Theatre Program. 4:00—Boy Scout Program.
LOUIS BOUDREAU ) ILLINOIS FORWARD One of. the Illinois dead shots against whom the Boilermaker basketeers will wage battle at the Jefferson Gym next Monday.
Intra-Mural Season Nears Eodi As the semester draws to a close, so does the inter-fratemity and iip-ter-ward basketball season; and aa the dread University finals loom in the foreground, likewise do the bas-^ ketball finals lie in wait to plnnge all of the teams except two into obsenrity, while the two will heax the prond titles of Ward or Fraternity basketball champs. In inter-fratemity basketball, all of the schedules are not finished yet but the remaining games will be played off in the next few days. To date Triangle and Phi Sigma Kappa are two of the eight squads that will enter the final round. These teams are the only ones whictl as yet have been undefeated, both of them winning six of their scheduled games. As soon as the other six contenders for the title in the Greek league have been decided, the schedule for the finals will be made out and playing will start after the University finals are over. The Ward teams have already played off their preliminary games and Wards 15, 5, 14, and 7-x or 8 will meet in the semi-finals tonight. The winners of tonight’s ward net contests will then battle for first position Tuesday night, January
19.
BASKETBALL —TODAY— Court 1—Official, McDonald 7:00—^Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Court 2—Official, Abell 7:00—^Ward 16 vs. Ward 5. 7:16—^Ward 14 vs. Ward 8 or 7-x.
CARMEL CRISP
From the Quality Shop SACK—10 CENTS
Dad^s Plaee
So Kandy
Visit our Pzogress Countez today and let a Packazd Lektzo-Shavez whisk away youz whiskezs with its smooth,' gliding stzoke. A clean sha^e and a cool one without the fuss of blades, soap, bzushes and aftez-shave bo&ez. The zound head mastez cuttez shaves those hazd-to-zeach places with effoztless ease. Its gliding stzoke stimulates youzskin. The Packazd Lektzo-Shavez sells foz $15, the cost of a yeaz'a oldstyle shaving, and its maichles' efficiency will solve all youz shav ing pzoblems foz yeazs to-come. PACKARD With the Smooth-Cuttinj ROUND Head LEKTRO-SHAVER
Decker’s
618-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Pre-Exam Outlines
Whenever exams roll around. College Outtinos come doubly effoctivo. These handy study aids present all the essentials of a course In a concise, easily reviewed manner. Hours of study are saved by these digests, with their numerous maps, diagrams, and tables that condense chapters into charts. Ymi will grasp - and remember - the important facts, because j^U non-essentials have been removed. Tbe cost? Only each. iniLES IN THE COLLEGE OUTLINE SEBIES
Ane. MwL S MvA MU. tM.oTWoiM Sum 1914 ,N*tvr«t.RMaufCM o( U.Sk Pite. vt Gvvhfflt MticU CsIm* rkyiiu 6«Mr4l IMwiy Ovaml Fomify
Mn. 6c«awrte» HWvty of E4umK«i GobonI niyciwlaay Col^ Ctnmt,!,* Shokouoo,*’, n«y* HMwy «t SRgtW
HW. of EoNpo, ISQ0.1S«I HW. of Ewopo, IS(S.I9)S HM. o«Q.a.T«IS» HM.ofUASho»IS4S 64h«oK«mI 9iydi4ogy te J* Anmfoou \GoooniBMwa
Southworth^s
f < /
%
^ i; t,:■'f.
TfiB PURDUE BXPONEStf
0»M In and we tlw Parker Yacuniatic Pen at Oar Pen and Pencil Connter DECKER’S na«M «477 SIMM Main St.
ANY GOOD MEAL CALLS FOR GOOD FOOD, AND GOOD FOOD CALLS FOR FRESH COTTAGE CHEESE THE IDEAL SUPPLEMENT FOR EVERY DAY MEALS
ALLOUR PRODUCTS ARE PROPERLY PASTEURIZED
*
Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
Classified Adsi
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and -epaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Good Printing—^Painless prices. Fast service, Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
Stolen—^Wednesday evening from in front of Purdue Gym, Princeton bicycle, red and white. Reward for information leading to recovery. Phone 41961. 366 Northwestern avenue. West Lafayette.
Room and Board—At 102 Andrew Place. Phone 2461.
Lost—Ring and keys on or near vicinity of Columbia street. Finder please call Donnell. 71061.
Wanted—3 passengers to PurdueIndiana game. Call Shoemaker 5021.
Improve your ballroom dancing by enrolling in our new advanced class Friday, Jan. 15th, 7:30 P. M., Allen’s.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. m., January 16. Applications must be made by January 16. —NELSON.
Deck Tennis—These games must be played some time before Friday, January 15, at 6 p. m.: Shaffer, Humphreys vs. Wetzel, Bhsh; Greenburg, Cook vs. Auld, Clymer; Lockner, Johnson vs. Venemann, Pyser; Hibner, Wilson vs. Halstead, Kelly; Charles, F^tch vs. Campbell, Van Rie; Beilke, Boehm vs. Walker, Gross. —^RIETH.
Glider Club—Flight schedules are posted in garage. —FARWELL.
Gym Lockers—Lockers may now be purchased for the second semester. Those now holding lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take them with $1 to Cashier’s Office in New Administration Building before noon, January 30, 1937 and get receipt. Return this receipt and refund slip to check-out window for renewal. Those wishing to vacate lockers must do so by noon, January 30, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Proteins Looking In Modern Diet Cambridge, Mass, —(ACP)—The reason that the' American people are not eating enough of protein foods which are essential for good nutrition lies in the tremendous economic changes—changes which have altered the people’s food habits in the past half century. Professor Chester M. Jones of the Harvard Medical School recently told the annual session of the American Dietetic Association that our pioneer ancestors obtained more than a liberal supply of proteins from the abundant fish and game which was theirs for the asking. Later, when most of the people lived on farms, domestic animals supplied milk, cheese, and meat for home and village consumption, he said. With the increased industrialization and with the development of citi^ there came an increase in the prices of these commodities. Naturally prices caused people to omit these foods from their diets, Professor Jones explained that several diseases result from a deficiency of proteins and to offset the diseases, foods such as meat, especially liver, and milk should be emphasized in the diet.
HAL KEMP
Rothermel To Speak At Newman Club Breakfast Father Rothermel, who has been in Mexico twice disguised as a civilian will address a breakfast meeting of the Newman Club Sunday, January 17, in the St. Mary’s School Hall. The breakfast will be held, for members of the club in the school hall after the 9:30 a. m. mass.
A. S. M. E.—Members may g,et pins, charms, and January M. E. Journals from Eddie in instrument room. —WELDY.
“Hour Glass Figure” To Return For Coronation History repeats itself; the everswinging pendulum of Fashion is pointing to the “hour-glass” figure again. Style experts may trace the cause of these recurring trends to' frequent revivals, but the occasion strongly influencing designing this season is the coming coronation of King George VI. of England. Each detail of gown is designed to suggest a regal and pompous appearance.
P. I. A.—Both dance classes will meet together in ballroom promptly at 7 January 16. —BUTCHER.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be given in Room 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 30, 8 to 11 o’clock. —POORMAN. Union Workers—Our committees report to the workroom January 16 at 4 p. m. • —WIEGANDT, SHEETS.
W. A. A. Volleyball—^Ward 3 vs. Gables at 4 p. m. January 16 in large gym; Chi O vs. WRH 3rd floor at 4 p. m. in small gym;
YOUR LOOSE CHANGE
Iron out
your laundry
worries
•SI
StVtFTLY — SAFELY - £C^
L«t that dependable college pa]. Railway Bxpreea, ll^dt np and ship your lanndnr home and back for jon every week Yon will find it glossy going aMy» fast, inexpensive. Merely notify the folks you will send the padt* •f e by Railway Express, and aik them to return It the tame way. Yon can send it collect too, yon know, and while on that aubject, we can add, only by Rdlway Express. The folks will understand. It ■avas keeping accounts, paying bills, to say notbing^of spare change. YouTl find the idea tconomical all round. Tht mltilninm rate ie low — only 38 cents — sometimes less. Plck-iqi and delivery by motor vehicle and fannrance Ineluded in the shipping charge. It’s the same with shipping baggage or ani^lng else by Railway Express. So arrange your shipping dates by pbone call to the Railway Express agent, and start now. 9 So, Second St, ’Phone 202S Lafayette, Ind,
RAILWAY Express AOKNOV, INC. KATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Kappa vs. Ward 2 at 4:30 p. m. in large gym; Ward 3 vs. Alpha Xi at 4:30 p. m. in small gym. —THATCHER.
Pistol Team—No practice until 4 p. m. February 4. Return magazines to supply room at once. —KAY.
Even the color, luster, and weight of this season’s better dress fabrics are befitting royalty. Deep, rich wines, purples, “royal” blues, soft greens, and stately black are significant regal shades, and the heavy taffetas, shimmering satins, and velvets reflect splendor. Hats, if some late styles in head wear may be included in this category, are high and aloof. The trend is consistent toward regal pomp with the many plumes, feathers, and^ fur trims which may encourage madame to carry her head proudly erect. The military influence must not be overlooked. The King’s Soldiers will be shining as they preserve order among the enthusiastic and loyal subjects at the Coronation. Just so, lavish braid is a chic trim and will stand high around the necks of numerous high, band-like collars.
Gold buttons shine more brilliantly than ever before, hnd epaulets are almost considered a necessity for the wide-shouldered silhouette. Those modems who have their eyes open to the whims of fashion will perhaps blink and gasp at the radical changes as the pendulum swings back from comfortable, and simple active sport garb to flattering feminine frillery—^less practical but quaint and adorable.
Club Notes
The Taka Art Club will hold a meeting at the Lafayette Art Gallery on Friday, January 15, at 3 o’clock. “Crafts On Parade” is the theme of this meeting of which Mrs. C. M. James is program chairman.
The "West Lafayette Musical Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Harold Risk on Tuesday evening, January 19.
With Mrs. Ben Petty and Mrs. Thomas Wright as hostesses, the Tourist Club will meet at 2:30 o’clock on Monday, January 18, at the Community House. A book review on “North To The Orient” will be given by Mrs. C. M. Bivins.
Mrs. Rochester Baird will be the hostess to the Monday Club next Monday, January 18 at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. Eugene Greenwald is in charge of the program.
The Home Economics Club will hold a business meeting in the Federal Building of Lafayette on Wednesday, January 20 at 2 o’clock.
A. H. Club—^Meeting January 15 at 7:30 in Room 1 and 2 Memorial Union Building. Elecetion of officers. —HOEPER.
AN EVENT FOR MEN B&W Semi-Annual Shoe Sale
Men's Black and Tan OXFORD at $2.98 and $3.98 Exclusive Agent for FORTUNE FRIENDLY '*5" BOSTONIAN B&W Shoe Co. 121 No. 4tii St,
LEiviof UNCEASINb CARE
"Long life and prosperity!" That is the toast of the New Year. And it is the toast of our American r£ulroads, for—factors other than transportation being equal—their travelers live the longest and their shippers suffer the least from loss and damage. • That well-known motto "Safety First!"is derived from the opening rule in the book of railway operation: "Safety is of the first importance in the discharge of duty." • Railway safety is enhanced by strong track, automaMo train control, electric block signals, improved braking, special safeguards on trains, constant inspection repair of equipment, constant schooling of the men at work. •Asa result, on the travel side alone, 99 of the 142 principal American railroads recently completed 15 years with not a passenger fatality in a train accident—this de^ite the movement annually of hundreds of millions of pasjsengers hillmus of
miles. The Illinois Central is now in its ninth consecutive year^ of similar safety to passengers. • Protection of freight, as measured by claim payments, is likewise at a high standard, the loss declining in recent years tocopsiderably less than a dollar per revenue car.
REMINDER . . . Safety, like chazity, must begin at home if patione are to be proi teoted in their lives and property. I am especially proud of the fact that thousands of Illin<^ Central supervisory employes hold cards testifying to years of clear safety records for the men under thdr
direction.
ILUNOIS aiTRAL SYSTE
•AN INDIANA RAILROAth