1
Purdue Exponent
FRIt)AY
December 16, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 81
'Cosmopolitans Will ' Hear Dr. Creek At , Regional Convo Here Cosmopolitan club representatives from the midwest dist trict of the organization will convene at the University next Sunday and Monday for the < first regional convention of foreign university students. The conference will open Sunday morning at nine o’clock with regis- ' tration in the Union Building. A meeting will be held in the afternoon, followed by a religious convo- ^ cation in Fowler Hall. Dr. Creek To Speak Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the University English department and former advisor to foreign students at the University of Illinois, will be the principal speaker at the conven- * tion banquet Sunday night. He will discuss “Cosmopolitan and International Aifairs.” ^ Tours of the campus will occupy Monday morning’s program, with a meeting of chapter representatives of Cosmopolitan Clubs in the ^ afternoon. Monday evening’s schedule consists of a social program in the Union faculty lounge. University students in charge of convention arrangements are N. Ayasun, of Turkey, president of the regional district; Irene Sawyer, of Columbia, South American regional secretary; Florence Senour, Joe Clark, and Claude Murrary. ’ Tea Dancers To Pari With * Toyii At Door By Elaine Wellington ^ Eds and co-eds, here is a chance to get rid of your old toys be- , fore Santa brings your new ones, t Student Union is sponsoring a big Christmas tea dance next Tuesday afternoon fiom 4 to 5:45, for the ^ purpose of collecting your toys. Co-eds are requested to bring their old dolls, or the fluffy dogs they take to bed eveiy night; eds can < unload their pockets of their longtreasured marbles. Only admission - price will be a toy, or if you’re unable to part with one, an article * of canned goods will suffice. If the Salvation Army can convince the Union workers to give up * the toys after the dance, the articles will be given to the poor. Eds who have toys but no girls Avill also be admitted and will be * allowed to cut in on their playmates. Harvey Lawiing is sending recordings to furnish the music. PiayshopToHold < Tryouts Tomorrow Tryouts for the third Playshop ^ production of the season, to be presented some time in February, will be held tomorrow afternoon at 1:80 ^ in the auditorium of Eliza Fowler Hall. H. Kenn Carmichael, of the t Speech and English Department, will direct the play, and will therefore cast it. Parts for both men and * women are available, and both charalter and straight part ahtors will be needed.
Iowa Coeds Meet Ward Association To Feldman^
University Team In Fowler Hall Debate The University of Iowa co-ed debate team engaged the Purdue co-ed debate team last evening in Eliza Fowler Hall on this question, “Resolved: That the economic principals of a totalitarian state are desirable.” The speakers were: Iowa—Frances Highbarger and Dorthea Guenther; Purdue—Mildred Harper and Charlotte Lochner. Carl Kowalski acted as chairman. When the formal remarks of the debaters were completed, the members of the audience were given the opportunity to express their opinions on the subject, and ask the debaters for further information on any particular point. The audience, composed chiefly of Speech 14 students, was enthusiastic in its attention and applause. The speakers were well received and many interesting points were brought in the speeches and especially in the rebuttals. Glee Club To Sing 'Birth Of Christ' For Sunday Convo Featuring two choirs of 90 voices each, this Sunday’s Convocation for Worship will present a Christmas program in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4:30 p. m. “The Birth of Christ,” a short Christmas cantata by the University Glee Club, heads the program and will be sung by the combined choirs in anti-phonal style with the dramatization in the form of a pantomime from the stage. Supported by two string ensembles and a brass quartet, the audience and choirs will combine to sing a selection of carols during the program. The string ensemble will provide a Christmas atmosphere for arrivals by playing carols in the hall for an hour prior to the program. Freshman Lecture To Feature Movie On Steel Production “Steel—Man’s Servant,” an educational, technicolor sound film will be shown to all freshman engineers in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock, it was announced yesterday by Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering. Special invitations have been sent out to West Lafayette and Jefferson High Schools in addition to all other students and the general public for a showing at 9 o’clock. The film was produced recently by the U. S. Steel Corporation and covers the story of steel from ore mines to finished product, and was highly praised as an educational picture by staff members who have seen it. Arrangements have been made with the National Theatre Supply Company, of Indianapolis, to bring a professional theater sound motion picture machine to the campus for the showing of this film.
Collect Old Garments For Locrri Red Cross Purdue’s Ward Association will sponsor an “old clothes” drive on Monday to collect students’ cast-off garments for Christmas distribution by the local Red Cross office. Union faculty lounge will be open from 7:30 a. m. until 6 p. m. with student workers in charge of collecting the old clothes. Although sponsored by the Ward Association and PIA, the collection is intended for all students on the campus. In the event that a fraternity or a large boarding house has clothing to offer, ward workers will collect them if they are informed by telephone. Bob Shellhamer will be in charge of the project, and he requests that such houses phone him at 75742. All clothing given by students will be distributed in Lafayette and West Lafayette by the local Red Cross. Shoes are especially desired although any articles of clothing will be welcomed. Wilbur. Clark, president of Ward 11, and George Hamilton, president of Ward 1, will assist Shellhamer in the clothes gathering. Christmas Spirit To Prevail During PIA Semi-Formal Dance ' n Santa Claus himself will be on the campus tonight to bring a big sleigh load of seasons greetings to the dancers at PIA’s semi-formal Christmas dance from 9 to 12. Through the permission of L. M. Vallely, Union manager, the faculty lounge and the entire west second floor corridor will be available for dancing, and a public address system will be provided to carry the music of Irvan Maury’s orchestra fiom the ballroom. A backdrop in the form of a large stained-glass window with a laige natuial wreath having a candle m the center will form the central decoration. On opposite sides of the bandstand will be a Christmas tree and a fireplace. St. Nick is expected to enter through the fireplace. Streamers will dec01 ate the hallway leading to the ballroom. Chaperones for the dance will be Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Prof. W. T. Miller, Prof, and Mrs. A. H. Monroe, Dr. M. D. Steer, and Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. Members and their dates will be admitted upon presentation of one membership card with passport per couple. George H. Bush Conducts Special Training Course George H. Bush, of the engineering extension staff, has been conducting a special training course for school custodians in Carroll County for the past few weeks. A number of township trustees and school principals, in addition to a majority of the custodians, have taken advantage of the training in the care of buildings and equipment.
Cuthbert, Famed White Mouse Of Playshop's "Dracula" Dies In Lab
By Dorothea Justin ^ Everyone loved him—everyone but his own contemporaries. Cuthbert, friendly soul, was petted and ^ adored by all eds and co-eds who knew him. But this adoration was Cuthbert’s downfall. He became a ^ star, in the short space of a week, and his own kind were jealous of his success. Chosen by fate and Playshop props committee to be the white mouse in “Dracula,” playing opposite Benny Burns, Cuthbert’s first ^ home was a wire cage in the biology lab. At first he couldn’t get used to his new role, but the cajolery of the Pldyshoppers soon brought him ground. Fojr week he was on the stage.
For a week he basked in the limelight. He loved it. He cavorted up Burns’ sleeve. He squeaked jo3rfully at those across the footlights. When Director Kenn Carmichael came into the props room where the mouse stayed by day in his cage, Cuthbert greeted him especially volubly, with “Peewee wee!” ending in a falsetto squeak. A bit of cheese or a fresh cracker* might be dropped into his cage by this kind man! But Cuthbert’s week of lavish care and stardom ended with the last presentation of Dracula. He was taken back to the old home in the biology lab, and placed with all the other white mice. Other Mice Jealous He may have had a swellhead.
. . . Editor-in-chief of the Purdue Independent, who will talk on “The Independent Newspaper” today in one of the discussion sessions of the Mid-Western Independent Conference from 3:30 to 5:00 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. PIA Anticipates Registration Will Top 40 At Conclave Beginning- today with registration in the PIA office from 10 to 11 a. m., Mid-Western Independent Convention will open on the campus for a two day session. Following registration, delegates, which will probably number over 40 and hail from 10 schools, will make a tour of the Boilermaker campus. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will welcome the conclave at a luncheon m the faculty lounge at noon. “Leadership,” the to-pic which was so effectively discussed earliei m the semestei at the leadership school, will be lepeated by F. C. Hockema, acting president of the University. Discussion sessions will occupy the afternoon. “Gaming and Holding Interest in Independent Activities” will be the topic of one representative from Ohio State University at the 1:45 meeting, to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union. Bill Feldman, Editor-in-chief of the Independent, will expound his views on “The Independent Newspaper” at the 3 p. m. session in the same room. Second half of the 3 p. m. period will be devoted to a discussion of “Policies and Objectives of the Independent Associations” by a representative from Wisconsin. Dinner will be served at 6 p. m. in the reception room of the Union with Martha Whitehead and Fred Baase providing the entertainment. PIA Christmas dance in the ballroom from 9 urftil 12 will conclude the day’s activities.
Today’s Headlines Independent Convention Opens On Campus Today - (See 4th column) Sigma Phi Epsilon Wins Inteifratemity Swimming Meet; Beta Theta Pi Second I (See Sports Page) Cosmopolitan Cluh Representatives Will Convene Here Next Sunday And Monday (See 1st column) Managers' Board Selects All-Star Touchball Team; Fisher, Phi Kappa Tau, Polls Most Votes (See Sports Page) Wards And PIA Will Sponsor Old Clothes Drive (See 3rd column) Iowa, Purdue Co-ed Teams Hold Debate (See 2nd column) Six Golden Gloves Posts At Stake Tonight ^ (See Sports Page) Cuthbert, Playshop's Little White Mouse, Succumbs Following His Greatest Performance In "Dracula" (See lower left) Exponent Aids In Nationwide Student Poll On Subsidy Of Intercollegiate Football
and the others of his species didn’t like it. Perhaps they were bitterly jealous or envious. Perhaps they couldn’t understand his sad demeanor, as he thought of the glories of thg stage. The penalty for his growing sleek and fat in the outside world was death, by being devoured. Cuthbert met his fate bravely. His tragic death may have been the just consummation of his unusual career, since he couldn’t again be happy with mere ordinary undramatic fellows. His charm, his ecstasy at being petted, his merry action will long be remembered by loyal Playshoppers, who loved the merry Cuthbert.
By Student Opinion Surveys of America AUSTIN, Tex., Dec. 16 — With another football season ended in all except the “bowl” games, the everlasting question, whether college football is giving way to the professional game, enters into the annual stock-taking. Three-fourths of the American college students believe it is not, and more emphatically^ they do not want to see their biggest sport lose in popularity. Those are the opinions derived from the second nation-wide poll of the Student Opinion Surveys of of America, organized for the purpose of saihpling opinions of the entire college and university enrollment of the United States along scientific lines. The Exponent is one of the cooperating campus publications in every section of the country. This month intei*viewing began everywhe^, including a proportional cross-section of Purdue students. Yearly the pro and con of commercialized football is discussed on
all sides. P;*esident Hutchins of Chicago leads this time with a cur-' rent magazine article proposing to take profits out of intercollegiate football, commenting that the Supreme Court in a case involving gate receipts taxation has already indicated the game is business, Bernie Bierman, coach at Minnesota, although he admits in his book “Winning Football” that the sport is in a critical era, believes subsidization is declining and has no apologies to make for the game. Whatever the downtown barber or the sports editor may have to say often has little bearing on what the actual “owners” of football^^themselves —college students—^think of the matter. For the first time the Student Opinion Surveys of America have unified campus opinion on a national scale. Student interviewers from Maine to Florida and Oregon to California, in every part of the country and in schools of all kinds (Continued on page 4)
BillFryar... , . . and his orchestra will play for the regular week end mixer tomorrow night in the Union ballroom. Heralded as Indiana’s foremost radio and stage attraction, Fryar’s recent engagements include stands at outstanding Chicagoland ballrooms, eleven weeks at the Oasis Ballroom in Michigan City, and leading universities of the middle west. The usual time, 9-12, and the usual price, one dollar a couple, will Iirevail. Dean Mary Matthews... ... of the home economics school, will speak at a home economics achievement day program in Rochester, this afternoon. Dean Matthew’s lecture on “The Home in Poetry” will follow a luncheon for the home economics club leaders of Fulton County. Exponent Board To Meet Exponent’s general board, consisting of all elected junior and senior officers, will meet in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station this afternoon at 4:15 p. m.
Five Commissioned Dean Dukes Tells Of Officers Will leave Engineering's Past
Military Department
Five commissioned officers on the staff of the University military department will leave here at the close of the present academic year to received advanced training in the military profession, it was announced yesterday by Col. D. M. Beere. Captains B. F. Hayford, F. B. Porter, F. H. Morse, and John L. Graves will attend the Command and General Staff School at Ft. Leavenworth, Kan., and Captain S. A. Beckley will attend the War College in Washington. Selection of these five men for additional study is a high tribute to the caliber of military woi-k offered at Purdue, since only 42 men from the entire field artillery branch of the service are chosen for the school at Ft. Leavenworth, and one tenth of these were from Piu'due this year. Only 18 field artillery officers are chosen for the War College classes at Washington each year.
“Engineering is a high and noble profession,” stated Dean R. G. Dukes in his talk last night on “The History of Engineering Science” in the first of a series of lectures sponsored by campus engineering honorary societies and the Purdue Engi-
neer.
An audience of approximately 75 persons packed the tower room of the Union to hear Dean Dukes, head of the graduate school, trace the history of engineering from the Egyptian and Babylonian days up to the Renaissance period. He wept on to show how engineering science has greatly raised the standard of living in the world. ^ The societies will sponsor another lectm*e of this general type in about a month.
TheWeailm
Forecast for Indiana: Increasing cloudiness and warmer today. Tck morrow rain, turning to snow.MeaiuMA,
£dijbardaL
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Friday, December 16, 1938
-if.
To BuUd A Fixe... . . . under the slightly mulish Fraternity Presidents’ Council was our purpose when we published two editorials December 3 and 5. In the ten days since then we have been expecting to receive some answer from those at the head of that Council... but we have been disappointed. We really expected one of two things to happen—either that President Ross Dean would take the suggestions in the right spirit and express a desire to talk the matter over with us; or that he would come into the office looking for the editor’s scalp. Now that nothing whatsoever has happened we conclude that Dean has been too busy to read our rather lengthy literary efforts. Of course there is one other possibility. Dean may intend to bring the matter up before the whole council in their next meeting, which, barring conflicting circumstance, should come off as soon as February 2. That would be fine—except that it would put the axe to Fraternity Week. We are very much interested in seeing the other problems we outlined come up for consideration for they will be lasting problems, but Fraternity Week is timely and must be worked out very soon. Executive Job... . . . on the Council at present are merely political plums. That is one reason why the council’s power and influence have been slowly dying. That is why an occasional high-cali-ber staff can build up the Council in one year, lay out a worth-while program for the years , to follow, and then come back to the campus the next year and find their good work hopelessly scrambled. For these reasons we have singled out the Council for particular attention. We want politics removed from Council elections. We want presidents and other officers elected on a merit basis. We’re wondering how fraternities, with finances as strained as they often are, can af-^ ford to pay heavy dues—or any dues ^t all— to a council that does not hesitate to send a representative to New York by plane for a national Interfraternity Conference ... a council that arranges one formal dance per
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post ofifice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. I^blished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the S.pmmer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplln, D. G. Terrio, J. 0. Woodnon BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C, Reeves Local Advertising Manager. .E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. P. Berg Sales Manj«er ; —V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager...... —JET. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director. ; D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. .....„...._...SBUy McKee Associate Editors — Joy Johnson, Geprgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. ; R. L. McDonald Associate Editors...^ J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 RBPRESENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N.Y. Chicaco ' Boston • Los Anseles - San Fbancisco This newspaper is written, edited, _and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions In it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are. written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Yates Friday, December 16. 1938
POPCORN for Parties
Case school of Applied Science
has a new 160,000-volt radiographic machine for the detection of flaws
Order it fresh when you want it.
.
n metals..
DAD’S PLACE — Where freshness is guaranteed
Judge Frank Hiscock of Syracuse, N. Y., has resigned as chairman of Cornell University’s board of trus-
tees after 22 years.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS
LUMA
Today - Saturday
Call or See
Gene Autry
HUNECK’S
in “PRAIRIE MOON”
WALLPAPER - PAINT
—AND— Glenda Farrell in
826 Main Street Phone 3841
“EXPOSED”
YES,
We Have Them
The NEW SHEAFFER
TODAY-SAT.
FINELINE PENCIL
MEET THE TOUGHEST SLEUTH WHO EVER CA^URED...YOUR HEART!
WRITES ONE-HALF AS HEAVY
PENCIL—TWELVE LEADS—THREE ERASERS 95c RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler
.vith BONITA GRANVILLE
605 MAIN ST. PHONE 6377
tOHN LITEL-JAMES STEPHENSON • Frankie Thpmat
Direct Through Service Lafayette to New York City SPECIAL TRAIN Wednesday, December 21st • Lv. Lafayette 4:15 P.M,, C.T., Dec. 21 Arr. Indianapolis 5:15 P.M., C.T., Dec. 21 Arr. Cleveland 11:30 P.M., E.T., Dec. 21 Arr. Buffalo 2:55 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22 Arr. Albany 8:40 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22 Arr. New York 11:45 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22 Coaches. Dining Car serving moderate priced meals. Students for Boston and other New England points change at Albany. Tickets for the above points must be arranged for and purchased at STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, ROOM "A,” UNION BUILDING, between the hours of 4:00 P. M. and 6:00 P. M. Daily; Saturday, 1:00 P, M. to 5:00 P. M. For reduced fares and service to other points, call Big Four Station, Phone 6303. New]York €eiitral|System (Big Four Route)
ARC
TODAY - TOMORROW
with LARAINE JOHNSON RAY WHITLEY RKO-RADIO PICT0R8
JUHY msam
also
K
year for which each fraternity is asked to sell ten tickets to its members . . . a council that in return for its cost to member fraternities allows each representative to buy himself a golden key, lets member fraternities give a dinner for the council once a month, and does the one worth while favor of helping member fraternities with their Christmas kids’ parties.
lAMWITU TODAY-SAT.
with Charles Ruggles Mischa Auer
TODAY-TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
,1 &t\
\
A James Oliver Curwood Story
PLUS — A throbbing human drama of a fighting country doctor! ‘Ajxmm mmoBr with ANNE SHIRLEY EDWARD ELLIS lUBOWIUN • WIIUAM HENRY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
B^Ucbiy
It seem? like things have hit that pre-Christmas slump here on the campus that shows up about this time every year. Outside of there being a little mistletoe in the Sweet Shop there isn’t a lot of news. We do understand that DAN FISHER of the Phi Psi house is keeping company with a white rat these days. Have you two something in common, DAN ? ' We have received several requests to tell AXP SASSER, that it was last year that he was on the Prom Committee and not this year. Porr get it SASSER, everyone else has. Alpha Chis have been neglected in this here coliimn and they have requested (?) their name included. The trouble is that they spend so much time in the card room at the Union that there is little to he said —that includes their game. By the way ROSS DEAN, have you discovered just who it was who took that picture of you in the Exposer, or was that just a bluff ? Our sentiments on that subject are that you two sure photograph well together. It seems that this school really goes in for these rough-dress dancing parties. We’re referring to the Blanket Hop that will come off next month. One of our biggest problems this i year has been trying to figure out why Belt DREVER doesn’t give the co-eds a break and dSte. There’s a boy that has somethin’ — What? Well, we’ve never dated him, but there must be somethingThere. Ed’s Note: SUCH SLOSH. We hear that Miss BILLIE BREUER is trying to get a recoimt on the Debris Beauty Contest on the grounds that (s)he didn’t get a fair chance. Did you Sig Chis know you had a,beauty in your house? We should like to formally an-
n-/b
■<r'
‘Forget your filling-station background, Sneed—stop asking depositors if they have anything smaller!”
nounce that the Alpha Z’s are entered in Sweet Shop 128 and have a very good chance to get an above average standing. What’s the attraction, girls, could it be the mistletoe ? By the grapevine method we have heard that LOUIS PUTZE is com-
ing back. No, not to get his master’s degree, and he hasn’t lost any- ; thing either. Just checkin’ that’s all, just checkin’. How about that, GINNY?
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
HAYS JEWELRY CO. . EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
4 Clnmundtu^ Opening of ADULT TAP CLASSES Beginners, Wed., Jan. 4, 6:30 p. m. Advanced, Thurs., Jan. 5, 6:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW CHRISTMAS RECITAL AND DANCING PARTY Wednesday, December 21, 7:00 P. M. Admission 25c LADIES' GYMNASTIC DANCING CLASS AND HEALTH-GIVING EXERCISES OPENS FRIDAY, JAN. 6TH 2:G0 p. m. or 6:30 p. m. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry . ^
CREPE SOLES
STYUE SPECIFIED
EXCLUSIVE AGENTS
Jarman's af $5.00 Bostonian at $7.50 You're up to the minute-—in shoes that put
"pep" in your step.
B & W SHOE CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
>- I■
^Vy ' L:7 * ' ^ 3?^ I * ' ■> ^ " '^ ^4 ^ ,. rf U-^f^''^'^^J Jri ’ * 1^' }' ' ^
'# r
FMdoy, DtteoinlMr 16^ 1988
THE PUBDUE
ESOPONENT
SPE Captures Annual Interfraternity Swimming Meet
Managers' Board Chooses Fisher, Phi Kappa Tau, Receives Largest Vote As Fraternities Place 9 Men On Team ALL STAR TOUCHBALL TEAM Lineman E. J. Kelley.. Phi Kappa Sigma Lineman L. E. T. Melton Phi Kappa Tau Lineman E. H. Tessmer Cary Hall 9 Lineman F. W. Vollmer .^.....Lambda Chi Alpha Lineman K. E. Machecek Cary Hall 9 Lineman R. H. Dean Sigma Alpha Epsilon Lineman R. Bone Theta Chi Lineman C. M. Henderson .Ward 8 Lineman R. Conklin Cary Hall 10 Backfield B. L. Fisher Phi Kappa Tau Backfield F. A. Smithson Phi Pi Phi Backfield A. E. Evers •- Phi Kappa Sigma Backfield J. Vernon Theta Chi Backfield W. J. Klein Cary Hall 10 Backfield W. E. Ginn Cary Hall 4 Excelleht cooperation on the part of the fraternity and ward managers of intramural touchball teams enabled the all-star board to choose a well balanced all-star touchball team for the season just completed which was won by Phi Kappa Tau and Cary Hall 10. Professor Murphy Names er of Phi Kappa Tau, who had no Foromost Books Of 1938 superior as a passer. The best pass combination recommended, however, “Christmas Books” was the sub- was the Evers to Kelley duet of Phi ject of Professor Charlie Murphy’s Kappa Sigma. talk in the Browsing room yester- fraternities participated in day afternoon. Mui’phy, of the Uni- touchball season one hundred versity department of history and percent, but only a few of the wards economics, included some of the teams, which accounts for the leading books of 1938 in his list. fg^ ward men placed on the honor Murphy cited Van Dorn’s biog- team, raphy of Franklin as the outstanding book in that field, followed closely by Sean O’Faolain’s “King of the “We Saw It Happen,” an account Beggars.” Of a more contemporary of suppressed news stories written nature was his selection of “Behind by thirteen reporters on the staff the Ballots,” by Jim Farley and of the New York Times.
Spend that extra 15 minutes in the Union • • • Listen to the radios or the victrola, play cards, read papers or books, or just smoke. But relax from the i hurry and worry of classes —recover from the tension of a school day. Make your daily visit to the Union a habit. JhL fiuLhduSL TIfImufdaL TAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
All-Star Touchball Team
Boxers To Compete ' For Places On 1939 Golden Gloves Team
Tielder’s...
...choice
Six positions on the University's Golden Gloves team will be at stake in the finals of the school boxing tournament to be held in the Fieldhouse tonight at 7:30. Six men who are already assured of a place on the squad will enter bouts to gain practice, while the remaining four entries will not see action until the team enters the Lafayette Golden Gloves tournament early in February. The Schedule At 112 pounds Grubbs and Fultz, already sure of their positions, will fight; Slate and Thelfall will meet to see who will pair with Franklin in the 118 pound class; Jones and Mui’phy will clash for the second position in the 126 pound class, Hardesty already having cinched a place here; and Pyle and Morrison will meet at 135 pounds although both will enter the Lafayette meet. Bradley will fight Youkey for one position in the 147 pound class with Keffaber and Keller tangling to see who will gain the other opening in this class; Dilts and Bacharach at 160 pounds will not meet; Lyles and Lord will be competing with Freeman and Diamond, respectively, for the two places in the 175 pound group; and Pence will meet Jockiewicz again tonight for the experience, these two being the only competitors in the heavyweight class. Passports Needed There will be no exhibition bouts tonight and students will need their passports for admission. All men taking part in the fights should report at the Fieldhouse at 6:46 this evening for a physical examination as they will not be able to fight otherwise, according to Coach Maxwell. DePaulNefmen Rely OnHeightToTrample
If our first two games are to be taken as any indication of the coming season, by the end of the year the Boilermakers will be winning or losing their games entirely on fouls .. . Monday night it took five minutes for the Riveters to get the basket range and Wednesday night they tried in vain for seven minutes to make a shot from the floor. —^fc— If it were not for fouls, the game would have been a so-sad affair for the opening minutes . . . Monday Purdue scored on the 11th shot, and against Detroit it was the 14th . .. looks bad . . . must be a jinx , . . during those first seven minutes we never saw so many set-up shots roll around the hoop hesitantly and then decide that they preferred to touch only clean air and not a net on the way down . . . roll off in other words ... it looked like a habit after so long. —^fc— Our percentage of baskets made jumped to 28 per cent of those tried Wednesday night, as compared to 20 per cent against Monmouth . . . from all evidences, Purdue has a wealth of nearly evenly balanced reserve varsity power . . . substitutes thrown into the game carried on just as well as the regulars . . . mighty encouraging, with most of them being sophomores. Dr. C.F. Harding... . . . head of the school of electrical engineering, has returned from Louisville where he addressed the local section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers on “The Engineering and Economic Problems of Television.” Dr. Harding also spoke at the annual athletic banquet of the Purdue Alumni Association of Louis-
ville.
Beta Theta Pi Finishes Second, Point And Half Back; Kappa Sigma Places Third Holding on to their slim lead made in yesterday’s events, the Sigma Phi Epsilon swimmers nosed out Beta Theta Pi to win the annual interfratemity swimming meet by a close margin. The Sig Ep team tallied 16 points in the eight events, while the Betas scored 141/^. Kappa Sigma and Triangle took third and fourth with lli/^ and 9 points, while the Phi Gamma Delta and the Phi Delta Theta tied for fifth.
Fred Mott, ace Phi Delt backstroker, started the day’s activities by copping the 100 yard back stroke, finishing six seconds ahead of his nearest rival. In the 200 yard free style Kratzer, Phi Sigma Kappa, drew away from Risser, Triangle, in the last two lengths to score his victory. Fahrner, Theta Chi, and Forbes, Sig Ep, battled to a tie in the fancy
diving. The Phi Gam relay team raced through the 200 yard event to win by a five second margin. Chi Omega... . . . sorority became the winners of the Intramural Volley Ball tournament tonight by defeating the Alpha Xi group 47 to 25.
Purdue Home Games Yet To Be Played DEPAUL Saturday, December 17 CONNECTICUT STATE Monday, December 19 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA Thursday, December 22 ILLINOIS STATE TEACHERS Tuesday, January 3 NORTHWESTERN Saturday, January 7 PIGGLY WIGGLY
SEND YOUR VACATION BAGGAGE HOME BY RAILWAY EXPRESS
Boilermaker Cagers Swimming Summary
With height playing an important part in the DePaul University Demons’ court play against the Boilermaker netmen in the Purdue Fieldhouse Saturday night. Coach T. J. Haggerty has assumed an optimistic look on the outcome of the game because of the height advantage his boys hold over the Boilermaker squad. Ten Over Six Feet Haggerty’s organization includes 10 members who are over six feet tall, with the starting lineup averaging six feet, three inches in height. Heading the Catholic school’s squad is forward Robert Neu, who broke all existing records at the school last year by scoring 260 points in 22 games. His steadiness under the most exacting circumstances should stand him well as captain of the quintet this year, according to Haggerty. Out For Revenge Other lettermen returning from last year’s group to avenge the 6050 loss to Purdue are Carl Tollstan, center; Stan Szukala, guard; Ed Norris, guard; Frank Reuse, forward.
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Today Couit 1— C. B. Luce. 7 .00—Ward 12X vs. Ward IIX. 7:16—Ward 6B vs. Ward IIB. 8:26—Ward 1 vs. Ward 3. 8:40—Ward lA vs. Ward 2X. Court 2—D. Poster. 7:00—Ward 11 vs. Ward 4. 7 :15—Ward 8 vs. Ward 6X. 8:26—Ward 2 vs. Ward 12. 8:40—Ward llA vs. Ward 16. Court 3—C. W. Mann. 7:00—Delta Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. 7:16—Wald 9 vs. Ward 14A. 8:26—Ward 14 vs. Ward 82. ** 8:40—Ward 7X vs. Ward 8X. SQUASH ' Today Courts 1, 2 and 3. I Alpha va. Siema t»hi Epsflon 7 ;00—Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa, or S. A. M. PW «r ©. u.
100 yard free style: Kisser (Triangle) first, Rohrbaugh (Kappa Sig) second , Winchell (Beta) third, Beebe (Phi Gam) fourth Time: 68 2. 22 yard lelay: Phi Gamma Delta, first. Kappa Sigma, second: Beta Theta Pi, third , Phi Delta Theta, fourth. Time: 1 48.8 100 yard back stroke: Mott (Phi Delt) first: Thomas (Kappa Sig) second , McCredy (SAE) third; Poser (Theta Chi) fourth Time: 1:08.6 200 yard free style: Kratzer (Phi Sigma Kappa) first; Risser (Triangle) second; Nielson (Sig Pi) third, Beebe (Phi Gam) fourth. Time: 2:17 100 yard breast stroke: Frank (Beta) first: McGammon (Alpha Chi Rho) second . Gardner (SPE) third; Stamm (Triangle) fourth. Time: 1:18 8. Medley relay: Sigma Phi Epsilon, first, Beta Theta Pi, second; Kappa Sigma, third , Phi Delta Theta, fourth. Time: 1:36 8. 60 yart free style: Forbes (SPE) first; Mauck (ATO) second; Greenburg (SAM) third; Burns (Pi Kappa Alpha) fourth. Time: 26.6. Dicing: Forbes (SPE) and Fahrner (Theta Chi) tied for first: Winchell (Beta) third, Rohrbaugh (Kappa Sig) fourth.
That’s the Way to vacation in style v —with nothing to do but go. Just lock up your trunk and bags and phone Railway Express. No extra I charge —no dickering or doubts. One easy move. You see your baggage go, and can take your train with a sigh of relief. • Convenient? 100%—and economical, too. Our rates are low, and you can send "collect,” if you wish, same as with our "home-and-back laundry service.” When you phone, tell us the time to come. 9 So. Second St., Phone 2025, Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWA"
iXPRESS
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Send a Christmas Tree already decked with Lucien Lelong perfumes!
•A
A
This illuminated Christmas Tree is decorated with 11 famous Lucien Lelong Perfumes. An overwhelming gift for one lady — or a marvelous centerpiece for Christmas dinner, with 11 favors for the ladies. The tree actually lights up — so will her eyes! ☆
DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone^kjcoL tMsu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
l^jticsUL
Friday', Decamber 16, 1938
\
I-
Purdue Aids - (Continued from page 1)
and sizes, have asked, “Do you believe professional football will some day become more popular than college football? YES, said 24.2 per cent NO, paid 75.8 per cent But although one in every four believes this is likely to come about not even that many would like to see such a condition. Only 14.6 per cent of the men and women attending college today want intercollegiate football to lose the campus flavor, the Survey points out. In the Eastern and Middle Atlantic States, students, 28 per cent of them, think the possibility of professional teams gaining a greater following is acute. In other sections the percentages are much less. “College football ah’eady is semi-professional—-the trend is in that direction,” a University of Colorado sophomore declared.. And from a James Millikin University freshman comes this thought: “I believe there is a possibility football will go professional. Look at baseball; it used to be a popular college sport ” In the North students commented that the huge crowds professional teams are attracting show where interest lies. The intei’viewer at Duke, whose team goes to the Rose Bowl this month, summarized opinion on his campus: “Students here don’t care about the future of football. They are interested in the present.”
Dr. Elliott Shows Campus Pictures At Alumni Meeting News of Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott and the Philippine Islands Alumni association was recently received from Dr. Ruth Darby, HE ’36. According to Dr, Darby’s letter, President Elliott showed pictures of the campus and its activities before the meeting of the association held in Manila Hotel. Following the meeting the pictures were donated to the association for their future use. Oldest grad to attend the meeting was S. R. Fox, EE ’96, and the youngest was R. H; Helm, Sc, ’37, who is now affiliated with the Standard Vacuum Uompany. YWCA Cabinet To Dine In Grill Members of the YWCA cabinet will convene for their regular meeting this afternoon' at a Christmas party in the Union grill. Edna> Schwab, chairman in charge, announced that the party will be a ■^utch treat dinner. The meeting is scheduled to begin at 5:15. Following the dinner humorous gifts in keeping with the season will be exchanged.
Bridge Enthusiasts Battle At Prelims Twenty-two pairs of bridge enthusiasts battled back and forth across the tables in the Union ballroom last night in the first of a series of preliminary tournaments leading ultimately to the all-univer-sity championship tourney which will be held soon after the Christmas Itiolidays. Julius L. Born, in charge of the matches, stated that the purpose of these preliminaries is to acquaint fans with tournament procedure, which differs considerably from ordinary contract play. Campus organizations are now beginning eliminations to select their best teams. Born said. Details of the University championship will be announced in the Exponent at a later date.
New Phases Of AAA “New Phases of the AAA” is the topic L. Marshall Vogler, chairman of the Indiana Agricultural Conservation Committee, will discuss in the assembly room of Ag Hall next Tuesday evening at 7:30. Vogler has twice been corn king of the world and has been connected with the government’s farm work since it began in 1932. Program will start at 7:30 with piano music and will be concluded with an open discussion.
Glider Club: Aspirants for Frankfort, Michigan, soaring expedition' call me Friday, December 16, —ENti®,. Cosmopolitan Club Convention Committees: Meet in room 214, University Hail, at 4 p. m. every day until Saturday, December 17. All committeemen must be present. —AYASUN.
Chemistry 1 and 2 Students: Examinations for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, January 14, from 1 to 4 p. m. Applications must be made before January 12, in room 103 of the Chemistry Laboratory Annex. Fees must be x>aid before examinations are taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Cosmopolitan Convention Dinner: Dinner will be held Sunday, December 18, at 6:30 p. m. Faculty, townspeople, and students are invited. Tickets cost 76c. All reservation's must be sent to Prof. Baldwin by Saturday noon, December 17. r-AYASUN.
Mortar Board: Christmas party Tuesday, December 20, instead of Thursday as announced. For time of dinner see Georganna Huber. —WOOD.
Scabbard and Blade: New initiates return picks and shovels immediately. —ZIMMER.
Modern Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Transportation is being arranged for a group going to Terre Haute Sunday, December 18, to install a new chapter there. Any members interested please call me as soon as possible at 6779. —WADLEIGH.
Notices
M. E. 30 Thermodynamics: Makeup period for students absent from tests numbered 4, 6, and 6 will be Monday, December 19, at 4 p. m. in room 207, M. E. building. —MUNRO.
. Union Sophomores: Urgent meeting of our committees and all available sophomores in the workshop Friday, December 16, at 4 p. m. —DEMARS, KANY.
WALGEEEN CO. through its many Purdue alumni invites YOU to attend the GEAND OPENIMG of Lafayette’s New and Beautiful WALGREEN DRUG STORE at 408 Main St. SATURDAY. DEC. 17
TODAY 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. „ 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Agricultural Forum. 12 :16—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :46—Eugene Finegan, violin. 1:00—You and Your Health, Dr. F. H. Hall. 1:16—^Monitor Views the News. \ 1:30—Famous Homes of Famous Americans. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—Melody Time. 2 :16—Edward Foley, pianist. 2 :30—Afternoon Musicale. 3:00—West Lafayette High School Program. 3 :30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses. 3 :45—Ha'waiian' Troubadours. 4 :00—Melody Moods. 4:16—Paul Mitchell, baritone. 4 :30—Purdue Scrapbook. 4 :46.—Story Book Hour.
YWCA: Settlement House committee meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, December 16, in the YWCA office. Very important meeting. All girls must be there. —SCHWABB.
Exponent Board: There will be a meeting of the Exponent board Friday afternoon, December 16, at 4:16 p. m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. —STANBACK.
Sophomore Union Workers: All available union workers, both eds and co-eds, report to Union office Friday afternoon, December 16, at 4 o’clock. —SCHICKLER.
Union Workers: Will the following members of my committee please meet in the Union workshop Friday, December 16, at 3:00 p. m. or after: Brooks, Dreisbach, Ellsworth, Hosier, Sheets. —ASHTON.
Union Workers: All available sophomore workers please meet in the workshop Friday, December 16, at 2 p. m. or after. Important meeting. ' —MORRISON.
Varsity Swimmers: Please report promptly at 4 p. m. Friday, December 16. Final entries for each event must be made today. Final arrangements for the Florida trip will also be discussed. —LABREE.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street
Marionette Club Workers: Anyone interested in working in the Marionette Club see me Tuesday, December 19, in the Union workshop. —GRIER.
TUTORING in physics, mathematics, applied mechanics during the holidays, for Chicago residents. Mr. Stevens, 11218 S. Church. Phone Cedarcrest 6914.
All Students Living on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please call for your activities charts any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, between 2-6:30 p. m. Bring your passports or schedule card. All charts must be called for before Wednesday, December 21. —SMITH.
the Purdue Exponent Service Director'jj’
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DIAC" Everything for a College Education H.G.REiSNEIl
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
MAymCE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 643; 1
• Jewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLP J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building •4h and Main frione 5701
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG ^ Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
SAVE on buying a car. Will sell credit on any car at local auto dealers at appreciable discount. Call 66772 after 6 p. m.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028. ' ,
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Frat pin. Phi Kappa Sigma. Owner will greatly appreciate its return. Reward. 5426. E. McQuillan.
s a
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1937 V-8 coach. Good condition. $386. 306 N. 18th. Call after 6 Phone 66943 Chapman.
- ■ 1' i ' 1 1
JUNIOR BALLROOM
If - 1
CLASS
8th Grade and High School
■1
ENROLL
Saturday, Dec. 17,6:30 p. m.
L
No Lessons During Holidays
- '3
ALLEN^S 6th & Ferry
Phone
Back Home— who'll be Proud to step-out with you—when your suit is freshly cleaned and pressed. You'll look so nice—who wouldn't be proud of you? Better send it to us NOW. WeUI make it look like new! West Side Office—-132 Vine Street