■:'t' -
IWWifipPilip^
■nr y
THE PDRDUE EXPONENT
Endoy# September 22# 1939
-ii >;>
Jumhf. JalL
For One Night Each Year
, . . the University’s green-potted contingent takes over the Union ballroom for their grand free-for-all. The occasion is the Freshman Mixer scheduled for tonight, which is open to freshman eds only, but to which all co-eds are invited. Members of Skull and Crescent, sophomore activities honorary, will stand guard at the door to see that upperclassmen do not pass the outer portals, and to welcome the co-eds. In former years, consternation was sometimes prevalent among the freshmen at the dance because of an insufficient number of coeds. The committee is hoping they will have a good turn-out this year, however, and have some new plans for making the dance a success. Cutting will be permitted only between dances. This move is designed to give the dancing couple more time together than the former “cut after six steps” policy. Each dance will consist of only one number, in order that both eds and co-eds will have ample time to make new friends. With dates or without, most of Purdue’s coeds should enjoy themselves at this free dance, the only real open-cut dance given during the school year. Freshmen in the Women’s Residence Halls and private homes as well as returning co-eds will find this a real opportunity to flutter their feathers in unworried style.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-In-Chief W, E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick. Managing Editor E. M. AntoninL Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling .Co-ed Editor K. Jenkins ii«'.....Sports Editor Junior Staff Sports Editorial Business J. P. Dolan R. F. DeHoog R. Fisher S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hall M. M. Richards D. K. Heiple A. Hite Co-ed J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer , M. Burtsfleld M. L. Miers T. Petty ' G. Carroll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. B. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director i:a PHONES Editorial Sports Business 4005 2792 5038
REPRB8KNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative
420 MADISON Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO • Boston • Los Angelss • San Francisco
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Donahue Issue Editor—Fletcher Friday, September 22, 1939
Ah, at last our readers are taking heed of the MARS PASSES being olfered and the CONTRIBS are beginning to roll in—be careful or you will be next (we hope). B & B Ooie, gooie, is a little worm A little worm is he. He sat upon a railroad track The train he did not see, Ooie! Gooie! —The Fairer Sex (Ed’s Note—Do they still think that?) B & B DIRT and THINGS: Just how often is ginger ale spilled in the back of KIMBAL’S car; and by whom ? ... Too bad Freshman WILMA BEAR says she won’t date you and she really prefers Seniors . . . BILL WAGNER, Lambda Chi, first trumpeter with Irvan Maury’s orchestra, put his pin out on a gal in Chicago, Foo Foo Furry, by name . . . Ed’s Note: Sounds like free publicity to me, Irv. I’ll see you about the pass as soon as we get some more—very soon. B & B Observing Profs . . . Prof. Murphy (Hist. Dept.) has a new system for calling roll; it is done by calling names in pairs ... If MYERS is present at class then he need not look for JERRY BURKE ... she will be there, too. B & B Your B & B department (and we are a department NOW) promised to print all contribts fit to print and some that aren’t. Altho we believe it unethical to publish letters endeared to some particular person, we must keep our word and print the following letter of tenderness ., Our apologies to George. (You may get your letter at the west desk, Georgie.) ^ Bainbridge, Ind. Thurs. eve. Dearest George, Darling, I know you must be having a wonderful time at the convention even tho you won’t admit it. I just don’t see how you could help but have. HONEY, if you would wi@it me to come over Sat. nite for the dance I i^uld; but if you don’t want to go to the dance, please don’t let my sug-
gestion change your mind. It was only a possibility. I really don’t care to go so please if you want to take another girl and have a good time, do so. Honestly, dear, I won’t mind and even if I did I don’t see that 1 have any strings on you. DARLING, I almost completed packing today. My, but it is a job. I also helped Mother pick some more beans. Together we picked about four bushels of beans in the hulls today. DEAREST, I miss you so much that I can hardly wait to get to Lafayette. I know we will have such fun together. I can never forget some of our experiences together. They all seem so wonderful, don’t they? I am tired enough again to drop in my tracks; thus I had better say good-night to the SWEETEST little boy I know. I will be counting the time until I see my DARLING. Honestly I can hardly wait. Good-night, SWEETNESS. Loads of Love, MARY. B & B Hope you get revenge on the RAT that turned this in, George . . . See
Former Instructor
Teaching At Lehigh
According to word received from Lehigh University, Richard K. Toner, former member of the graduate school and University staff for the past five years, has accepted a position as head of all chemical engineering instruction for the junior year at Lehigh. At commencement in June of this year he received his doctor’s degree and, prior to that and also during the past summer session, he was employed in the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering as an instructor of chemical engineering.
WBAA
youse guys and gals in print.
Alpha Sigma Phi
Clinton Brown, Madison, N. J.; Jean Carter, Greentown; Louis Comis, Rome, N. Y.; George Ekeberg, Chicago, 111.; Charles Hitchcock, Winchester; Ralph Kerns, Peru; Kenneth Mather, West Lafayette.
Today 11:00—Morning Melodies 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15^—Sports Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Lafayette City Schools 2:00—Magic Carpet 2:30—Parade of Business 3:15—The Pagans 3:30—Glenn Paxton 4:00—American Family Robinson 4:15—Exponent of the Air 4:30—Bette McClean, soprano 4:46—Story Book Hour
I ‘ /
Temptation!
Graves’ “Quality” bakery goods have that certain Savory something that brands them as home-made. Even experts say they can’t find any differences. Why not try a sample today? They’re always fresh as fresh can be.
GRAVES QUAimr BAKERY
Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. “Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^*
You Will Like Our Work!
We Have Spared No Expense In order that We Might Give YOU The Finest Custom Service That Money Will Buy. AT m ADDED COST TO YOU!
American Laundry
132 Vine Sf.
^thah^diiA-
By H. Miller
Don’t forget, most all of your favorite programs will change time an hour Sunday when all localities that have been on daylight saving time will change back to standard time. —e-e—
Arch Oboler, young author and director, who is remembered for his “Lights Out” dramas, will inaugurate a new series of dramatic shows tomorrow night over the NBC Red network at 7:30. The first play of the year will be “Mr. Whiskers”, a realistic drama of the slow but sure progress of democracy. Four stars will headline the cast of the show
LH^
TODAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATUURE
FREDRIC MARCH CAROLE LOMBARD CARY GRANT JACK OAKIE — IN — 'The Eagle and the Hawk'
—ALSO —
CHARLES STARRETT — IN — 'WESTERN CARAVAN'
20g to 6:00 After 6:00—10-20-25c
MMKfilU
TODAY - SATURDAY SECRETS OF SOCIETY LOVELIES!
Kuneii
GliLS
UW UUU To«Bfl®WNRteh«iiCM$9N
Jane BRYAN • Anita LOUISE MARSHA HUNT • ANN RUTHERFORD
Plus —2nd Feature SIGRID CURIE IN “The Forgotten Woman”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
We spoke a few days ago about the fact that some of the summer shows are running the big shows whose spots they were filling, a close race for the spot for full time. We spoke particularly of the Aidrich Family that is at present taking over the Jack Benny spot. We have just received word that the Aldrich Family has just been signed for the winter by Benny’s sponsor. General Foods, in the interest of Jello Pudding and will take the air over NBC Blue at 7 on Thursday evenings. —e-e—
This afternoon at 5, all who are desirous of obtaining a position on WBAA’s announcing or dramatic staff will get their chance to try out. Tryouts will be held in the studio which is located on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building. Many people have asked us what are the requirements and what does one have to do to work on WBAA. No past experience is required though it may help. WBAA' as an activity is much different than any other activity on the campus. No definite amount of time has to be spent in working at the station. The amount of work undertaken is more or less up to the individual and the interest that they show. Time on the air can be arranged to fit the schedule of each person as most WBAA work comes during the day unless it is concerned with a dramatic program and then there may be some rehearsals at night. We urge all those with any interest along thi8 line to attend the tryouts this afternoon. —e-e—
‘We can’t think up any new improvements for our 1940 model—it’s the drivers who still got us stumped!”
which will originate in Long Island. They are Morris Carnovsky, Elia Kazan, Curt Conway and Ann Shepherd.
and from then on the poor musicmakers were going up and down all night.
Lew Valentine (Doctor I. Q.) put the pit orchestra, which assists him in his quiz program from the Stanley theater in Pittsburgh, through a series of ups and downs during a recent airing. The “pulpit” on which Lew places his scripts has several buttons on it but Lew hadn’t been told about them. During the broadcast, he pounded with his fist for emphasis. When he accidentally pushed a button the orchestra Sank two feet into the pit. Another bang of his fist sent the band two feet up in the air. The audience laughed
That’s all for today, 73’s and good listening.
Phi Gamma Delta
N. Burrin, Indianapolis; K. Gossett, South Bend; J, Hole, Danville, 111.; A. Irmscher, Fort Wayne; J. Mingle, Indianapolis; S. Minton, Indianapolis; R. Orr, Muncie; W. Palmer, Marion; H. Reed, West Lafayette; J. Stiver, Indianapolis; R. Westra, Lafayette; E. Wiley, Mar-
AIR CONDITIONED
iPRimw:
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
NaiU
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Alcatrax was to good for him!
PLUS
Torchy Puts All Her Yeggs in One Casket!
ALSO DONALD DUCK
Starts rOMOlillOW
SEE the Arab attack ... sweeping down from the hills in a wave of death! SEE the mystery of Fort Zinderneuf where dead men won a battle!
SEE the dread desert madness#''la cafard” take its toll!
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
RANDOLPH SCOTT FRANCES DEE RALPH BELLAMY IN “COAST GUARD”
A. ^ ‘ u i
iFriday, Sa]atettri>er 22, 1939
£xftomjnJt SpoJdA fiaipi
t
Sigma Delta Psi To Offer Tryouts For All-Around Athletes Any athletes \?IiO consider themselves to be proficient in numerous physical feats have a chance to demonstrate their skill any Tuesday 6r Thursday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium." The Sigma Delta Psi ■sports fraternity "Will hold tryouts for membership on these days beginning Tuesday evening. Events to be run off outdoors include the mile, the 100-yard dash, the high • jump, the broad jump, the baseball throw, the javelin throw, the handstand, and hand springs. Kellers and Evers will have charge of the tryouts. Those who pass the requirements in seven events are eligible for membership in the Sigma Delta Psi local chapter. Concert Choir . . . will hold their first rehearsal tonight for their first appearance on October 6. They will sing at the extension department banquet. The banquet, to be held in the ballroom, will be given for county agents and county demonstration •agents from all counties in the state.
filotdohW. QlfwixjL By Robert JT. Deckard
• Football Ghosts • "Gip" Lives On ' The choosing of the first “All-American" football team was started in 1889 by Walter Camp of Yale University and continued by him until his death, is the answer to a question put to FC by one of its readers... Camp began selecting his teams in 1889 and first published his choices in a magazine conducted by Caspar Whitney. —^fc— In 1891 Camp’s selection appeared in Whitney’s column in Harper’s Weekly, and, from 1898 until his death, Camp published his All-Am-erican teams in Colliers Weekly, with the exception of 1917. —^fc— What gridiron men made up Camp’s first team? The answer: Cumnock, Harvard, end; Cowan, Princeton, tackle; Cranston, Harvard, guard; George, Princeton, center; Heffelfinger, Yale, guard; Gill, Yale, tackle; Stagg, Yale, end; E. Poe, Princeton, quarter; J. Lee, Harvard, half; Channing^Princeton,
half; and Ames, Princeton, full. -—fe— Many are the stories that could be told about George Gipp, the first and greatest of All-Americans to be developed at Notre Dame . . . remember, he burned up the grid from 1917 through 1919, which stamped him as one of the greatest players ever tq tread a football field. _ -j-fc— The bestNsto^ is one about his last request W-Knute Rockne, Irish coach, as he, Gipp, lay on his deathbed. “Some day, ‘Rock’, some time— when the going isn’t easy, ask a Notre Dame team to win a game for me—^for the Gipper,” he said. •—fc— After three successful seasons, Rockne ran into a losing team in 1928 . . . against Army, the Irish didn’t have a fighting chance . . . just before the game, Rockne told his lads of Gipp’s request and finished with, “Men, this is that game.” —fc— The rest is history ... Army scored the first touchdown and Notre Dame came from behind with Chevigny falling across the goal line with the tying six points, crying, “Here’s one for the Gipper!” Later in the game, the South Benders won the affair, 12-6, with a touchdown via the atmosphere. —fc— Gipp was in the lineup in that game in ’28, playing all eleven positions, giving his great heart to his courageous successors.
40 Candidates For Yaislty Swimming Splash Info Action Candidates for the Boilermaker swimming squad, which is now under the tutelage of Coach Papenguth, have ^started an extensive training program which has met with much cooperation from some 40 aspirants. Daily workouts have begun which, include one-half mile and one mile swims, and much stress is being laid on improving strokes and eliminating all. the rough edges before concentrating practice on the various special events. According to Papenguth, this year’s squad will be considerably strengthened by the addition of several sophomores who have shown up well in the practice sessions. Papenguth expressed his desire that all men interested in swimming report to workouts as there is probably many good swimmers on the campus who have not tried out for the team. The Bastile . . . organized independent house, recently elected the following officers: G. A. Paetz, president; J. R. Trcka, secretary-trearurer, and R. P. Breen, social chairman.
Boilermakers Battle For Irish Game Starting Posts With the widely publicized game with the famed “Fighting Irish" of Notre Dame slightly more than a week ahead, the Riveter gridde'rs resemble more and more each afternoon the polished football Juggernaut which will invade the giant stadium at South Bend next Saturday, September 30, in one of the major grid classics of the season. ^ good part of yesterday’s prae-
/-A4 Schedules ALh CAMPUS TENNIS Today^US p. m. Baughman vs. Brackman. Blustein vs. Stettner. Matson vs. Becker. LeinJnger vs. Buenting. Conners vs. Briggs. Disher vs. Fapurca. Demchak vs. Armstrong. Kimmel vs. Bichards or E. H. Vaughn. Pier vs. W. .T. Miller. Waterhouse vs. Shafer. E. W. Johnson vs. Lucht. Schalliol vs. Templeton or Armstrong. Archibald vs. Treffinger or Mussleman. E. E. Underwood vs. H. Andrewson. W. P. Thomson vs. R. Kirkpatrick. Ulrich vs. Shaw. MeeS vs. Nelson. Wallace vs. Bryan. Powell vs. W. L Vaughn. Tweksbury vs. Kitchen.
The Freshman Mixer is Friday Night Get a date and bring her to the dance. Show her you’re in the know by calling a cab.
5023
3071
SOFTBALL—Today Diamond 1— Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 3— ^Theta Xi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 4— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 6— Sigma Chi vs. Theta Chi. 7— ^Theta Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Nu. 9— ^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Facul^. 10— Delta Tau Delta- vs. Phi Kappa Sigrma. 11— ^Triangle vs-. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 12— ^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 13— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Pi. 14— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Chi. 15— Alpha Gamma RhO vs. Beta Theta Pi. 16— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 17— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 18— Acacia vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Fliers Meet; Rush For Class A Ratings The Purdue Flying Club held a meeting Tuesday in the old Agriculturalist room of the Union. Prospective members of the club were introduced to the present members and one jiew member was voted into the club with a Class B standing. The new member is Fred Knotts, junior electrical. Officials of the club announced that there has been a terrific rush for Class A memberships due to the new 65 horsepower Cub Coupe which the club acquired last week. Class A membership includes a share in the plane and costs $85.
tice Was spent on offensive and defensive line play, with all ,of the aspirants for each position receiving a lengthy workout. The coaching staff kept the gridders constantly on the run perfecting line assignments and directing down field blocking. Guards Battle The battle for the guard positions is still raging red hot with sophomores Melton, Kjellberg, and Detemore and junior Rossi making strong bids for,the two berths. The latter portion of the practice session was utilized in pass offense with Galvin, Brown, and Byelene slinging most of the passes with amazing accuracy. Ambidextrous Jack Brown, having the ability of flipping passes with either hand, and with his kicking equally eflScient with either left or right foot, is proving a valuable asset to the offensive attack. Dave Rankin, lanky junior end, displayed uncanny skill on the receiving end of a great many of the passes. Rankin has been making a steady improvement in his favorite role, and has possibilities, according to Mai Elward, of developing into one of the best pass receivers that we have had at Purdue for a number, of years. Frosh Wrestlers To Meet In Fieldhouse Tonight This evening at 7:30, all freshmen interested in wrestling are requested to meet in the Fieldhouse to hear head wrestling coach, Claude Reeck, outline the plans for the coming wrestling season for freshmen. The-meeting will be held in room 107. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
ICE CREAM BARS If You Want Them Cold Try Ours^ ICE COLD DRINKS
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
VO I No
m
-
MNCHey
THE BACKBONE OF THE BOILERMAKERS
The coaching staff is on their toes the year around. The team will be on the ball all four quarters of the game October 30 with Notre Dame. All they need for a sure victory is your support. Give it to ’em.
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama .
After You We Come First Phone 404S“f-a > '^' ■^'iT ^ fi[n«- /vjv, ^ V V- i 1
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, September 22, 1939
Tennis Candidates
Hold Opening Drill
Varsity tennis candidates held their first meeting Tuesday afternoon and even at this early date prospects look favorable for the Boilermaker racquet wielders. Three lettermen are back this year, and at least three other men on the squad will probably be making names for themselves this spring, according to Coach Larry LaBree. Herb Fuente, captain of last year’s squad, along with veterans Alexander and Hebbeler, will probably compose the nucleus of the varsity squad. Last year’s all-cam-pus champion, Harry Deutman, and Bay Lucht, last year’s freshman tourney victor, wil also be fighting for top honors on the squad. Bill Berg, senior who has returned to competition this year, will also be in the running if his form returns to its former smoothness. Coach LaBree expects about 30 men out for the squad this fall, of these six to 10 men will be chosen for the varsity. This year freshmen will also be incorporated in the varsity plans. After the freshman tournament which is now going on, a small squad of green potters will be chosen to work with the varsity squad. This group will be narrowed down to four or five and will practice along with the varsity throughout the fall drills. An indoor court is to be fixed in the Fieldhouse for the winter months’ practice and should mean early top form for the squad next spring.
Speech Clinic Increases Staff, Student Facilities
The Speech Clinic in the basement of the University building will again provide facilities for correcting abnormalties of speech for needy students. This year the clinic will accept 75 students instead of the usual 60 for the various special instruction courses. I New staff members at the clinic include Dr. W. Pronovost, formerly of the University of Iowa; N. A. Wickman, former director of the Grace Hospital clinic in Detroit; Miss M. Gallant, from the speech clinic staff of Iowa; Miss L. Davis, former speech staff member at Oklahoma; and Miss F. Wright, from the psychological clinic at Fort Hays, Kan.
AgFrosh To Meet Tonight
Agricultural activities will be in the spotlight tonight at 7 o’clock at the Livestock Judging Pavilion when freshmen agricultural students convene for the annual reception sponsored by Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary. The meeting will start promptly at 7, according to Chairman Don Paalberg, and will close early in the evening. Refreshments and a get-acquaint-ed program are also scheduled for the meeting.
Wesley Foundation
. . . members are sponsoring a picnic-hike to Happy Hollow this evening. Everyone is invited and the group will leave from the Foundation at 6 p. m. Singing, games, and a weiner roast are on the entertainment program. There will be a charge of 15 cents per person.
i. W. Parker
'• (Continued from page 1)
Religious Council Adopts Neutrality Resolution Monday
Classified Ads
At their first meeting of the semester, held in the Union, Monday afternoon, the Religious Council heard an account by Dr. G. H. Graves of the freshman camp sponsored by the Religious Council. Plans were discussed for an evening of folk dancing in the Union ballroom. The Religious Council adopted the following resolution which was sent to Indiana congressmen in Washington: “Whereas, Congress has been called into a special session to consider revision of neutrality legislation, particularly the arms embargo; and “Whereas any trade in munitions, particularly with any certain bloc of belligerents, is both unneutral and anti-Christian, and fraught with consequent involvement of our country in actual hostilities; “Be it resolved, that the Purdue University Religious Council, after due deliberation, go on record as opposed to any modification in the present neutrality law that would permit sale of munitions and war materials directly or indirectly to belligerents; “Further, that this group go on record in support of strengthening the neutrality law to provide for declaration of an existing state of war by Congress; “And further, that copies of this resolution be sent by the secretary to Senator Sherman Minton, Senator Frederick Van Nuys, and Congressman Charles Halleck, that these men, representatives of the body, may be appraised of our position.”
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Newly furnished rooms, slnsle or double, twin beds, erraduate students preferred. Phone 45962.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Small green trunk delivered to wrong address. Yellow Cab Co. Phone 6028.
LOST—A brown bill fold, near the Physics Building. Stan Widman. Phone 8486. Cary Hall N. W. 821.
LOST: Conklin fountain pen. Mottled in design. Call 61434. Reward upon return.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Tuxedo, size 84. Good condition, reasonable price. Phone 3986.
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
PROGRAMS, tickets, announcements, stationery and other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
NOTICES
YWCA Members: All YWCA check meihbers desiring tickets for banauet Saturday evening, September 23, can obtain tickets in the YW office Friday, September 22, from 1 to 6 o’clock —COOLEY.
Debris Salesmen: Business meeting Friday, September 22, at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. Bring sales slips and money. —McLEAN.
PI A Members: All members of the PIA who have membership books report to the PIA office Friday, September 22, at 4 p. m. Bring membership books and money —DUE.
Union: Will my committee please meet in the office Friday, September 22, at 4 p. m. —TILT.
Announce Two New History Courses For Teachers
Christian Student Fellowship Hour: Meeting in Agriculturist room in Union Friday, September 22, at 7:30. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. —BURBRINK.
Two history courses designed for public school teachers and given at night will be offered during the coming semester, it has been announced by Dr. J. A. Estey of the history, government and economics department. Prof. Charles Murphy of tTie history department will conduct a course in the history of the South on Wednesday nights at 7 o’clock in the Recitation building. Prof. Prank Hall of the history department will conduct a history of the West class at the same time in the same building. There will be no fees for the courses.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, September 26, 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. Bring passports. —MITCHELL.
Co-ed Horseback Riding: An advanced horseteck riding class will be organized Monday, September 24, at 2 p. m. Students interested in joining the class call Women’s Gymnasium today. —HAZELTON.
Engineering Freshmen: Seating assignments for G E. 1 Lectures are posted in Michael Golden Shops. Get your seating assignment before Saturday, September 23, —KNAPP.
WAA: Mixed swim from 7:30-9 on Friday evening, September 22, in the Women’s Gym. There will be a charge of ten cents. —MATHER.
WAA: Please sign up for singles and mixed double tournaments by Saturday, September 23, in the Women’s Gym. —MATHER.
PIA: The position of secretary is open to any junior independent co-ed. Letters of application should be left at the PIA box
Ending his discussion with slides from his own plant, Parker showed pictorially the factors which continue to influence the power industry. Slides included pictures of slag deposits which decrease the efficiency of operation. Pictures were also used to show the change of design of steam turbines over the last 18 or 20 years. Prof. W. J. Cope, faculty advisor for the society, closed the meeting with a discussion of the advantages of joining a professional society such as the ASME while a student. A copy of the Mechanical Engineer was given to each person attending the meeting. The technical magazine is included in the initiation fee of $3.60. Refreshments of cider and doughnuts were served at the conclusion of the meeting.
w
What do the golfers and gallery have in common?
Lawyers and laymen . . . sportsmen and spectators ... all men have this common denominator: they look best in white shirts!
You are no exception. A goodly share of your shirts should be white. And the finest whites you can get are Arrows!
Arrows are the only shirts with the Arrow collar, the Mitoga better fit, and anchored buttons. Arrows are Sanforized-Shrunk, fabric shrinkage less than 1%! Come in now and get some. $2 up.
ARROW
at the east desk of the Union by Monday, September 26, at 4 p. m. —HIN8HAW.
shop bulletin board in Fowler Hall after 12 noon Thursdhy, September 21. —DIETRICH.
the second floor. Books and money not Called for will be confiscated. —CLARKE.
Freshmen Tennis Candidates: Meeting Friday, September 22, at 7:80 pi m. in room 107 in the Fieldhouse. —LABREE.
ROOM AND BOARD—One single and three double rooms. Newly furnished. Board alone if desired. Phone 2416.
YWCA Cabinet: All girls selling tickets to the Conference banquet call Mary Lou Swaney, 71091, and report number sold by Friday afternoon. (9-22) —COOLEY.
Musician: Someode who Can play popular music fairly well for WAA ballroom beginners dance course. Please get in touch with Cook immediately. Phone 86778. (9-26) —COOK.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Because of
Lutheran Students: All Lutheran students are cordially invited to attend a meeting of the Lutheran Students Association of America Friday, September 22, in room C of the Union Building at 4:80 p. m. —HALL.
ophom . _ _ the large number of workers, co-eds will
ROOM FOR RENT—^Half block from campus. Preferably male student. Call 86192.
FOR RENT—Students large room, two new single beds. Reasonable, Phone available. 221 Sylvia St.
All Student Co-op Members: All members interested in working on the newspaper “Co-op Venture’’ please attend the meeting to be held at 4 p. m. Sunday, September 24, at Luna house, 1 University. —ELY.
Activities Bureau: Walt Gipe’s Committee: Eleanor Miller, Betty Graham, John Day, Donald Wasson, D. B. Modesith. Jack Stewart’s Committee: Pete Wallace, Barbara Hyman, Hal. Schornstein, Jim Walley. Bob Gimlin. Lois VopkleTs Committee: Thelma Jane Cox, Betty Hancock, Ray Johnson, John Hawley, Richard Romanowich. Genevieve Houser’s Committee: Anna Belle Ball, Nelda Wood Bryan Husted, Frank Owen. —JORGESON, BREUER.
have only one assigned night to work. However, girls who wish to work extra may do so at their own convenience. The sched-
ule is:
Monday: Jane Julin, Donna Siess, Mary Bailey, Patricia Flint, and Ruth Rose. Tuesday: Peg Guise, Maeta Kaplan, Mary J. Bird, and Marguerite Funkhotiser. Wednesday: Charlotte Brand, Helen Ritchey, Jean Ann McClintock, Florence Justin, and Regina Baker. Thursday: Laura Betty Gregory, Helen Stallings, Erma Irwin, and Helen Ritchey. Friday: Jo Dennis, Mary K. Miller, Esther Kirkhoff, and Helen Cbamberlein. Saturday: T. Stiers, Florence Justin, and PhyUis Smith. (9-26) —SCHILLING.
Model Airplane Enthusiasts: An open meeting of the model airplane club will be held Friday evening, September 22, at 7 p. m. in room 0 of the Union. Everyone Interested is invited to attend. —HARKER.
Tennis Tourney: All co-eds interested in playing in the mixed doubles tennis tourney or in the women’s singles tourney, sign today through Saturday in the lobby of the Women’s Gym. (9-28) —MATHER,
Bowlers: All men interested in forming a student bowling league, please meet in the Union bowling alley at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 26. v —KING.
RED Sheaffer fountain pen with "Cooke and Christy’’ inscribed. Call 66261. Reward.
Sophomores: All sophomores who are interested in trying out for track manager’s position report to room 107. in the Fieldhouse at 4:16 Friday, September 22. —MANN.
PIA Members: All members of the PIA who have membership books report to the PIA office Thursday, September 21, at 4 p. m. Bring membership books and money. —DUE.
Surveying: Make up in 0. E. 6 is scheduled for Saturday, September 28, at 1 p. m. Permits must be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering building, before September 21. —LOMMEL
Christian Science Organisation: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 26, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Glider Club: Open meeting featuring colored movies of Purdue in soaring competition. Reception room of the Union, Thursday, September 21, at 7:80 p. m. Everyone invited. —EADE.
Wesley Foundation: Hike to Happy Hollow Friday. September 22, at 6 p. m. Meet at 486 State St. Tickets for picnic dinner 16c. Please sign up Thursday, September 21. —McFADDEN.
Health Service: Students who worked during physical exams may get their checks by calling at the Student Health Service office. (9-23) —MILLER.
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, Tuesday j Lannon and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday; Cm> penter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. ’ —FRED
Playshop Tryouts: All who tried out for “Broiher Rat’’ and “Winterset," see play
All Students: All receipts should be returned either for books or money at the book exchange office in the Union before Friday, September 22, at 4 p. m. Business will be carried on in the Union office on
Military Students: All students taking military training who have not been fitted for shoes report immediately to the Varsity Boot Shop for fittings. Sophomores, Juniors, and seniors desiring shoes, report to Supply room for shoe slips before going to Sie Varsity Boot Shop. Sox for military students are available at the Varsity Boot Shop. (9-22) —GAPT. HOLMES.
Started In Memphis 21 years ago . . . Independent, homeowned Piggiy Wiggiys ail over the country are ceiehratlng that event this week with smashing vf lues that mean Impressive savings for hundreds of thousands of American families. Come In and get your Anniversary dividend.
Cleaning As You Like It
When you get clothes cleaned at West Side you get the best. The best in service — it’s fast and reliable; th ebest in quality — experience and proper methods produce fine work; and the best in that intangible, the will to serve well. These things are what you want and demand.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
HI SENIORS
SENIOR
CORDS
DERBIES
CANES
SENIOR CORDS for Style and Service They’re Tops
You’ll Be Happy Too If You Buy Your Cords At
INC.
Phone 2237
316 State
4^
4 fi
X Is
i I
1
I
[f
il
ni