-'I " ' ■.‘‘'
t
.' \
.
H
HeaM Debate In Parliament Proves
itish Democracy Attack Centered On ' Beviil, Labor Minister By Helen Kirkpatrick SPEQIAL CABLE To the Chicago Daily j^ews Foreign Service. Co^right, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Nov. 28—The first attack of any dimension on the present government was centered in Parliament yesterday on the indusI trial production of Great Britain. The attack was launched against' ^rnest Bevin, minister of labor, and Arthur Greenwood, minister without portfolio, for their failure to use the full powers they possess to increase skilled labor, decrease unemployment and generally speed up production. Debate Dispells Doubt. If there is any dbiibu ^whether democracy still exists in Britain yesterc^y’s debate should have dispelled "it. There was even franker speaking than would seem to a neutral to be advisable, considering the speed with which all news from here seems to reach Berlin. There are no indications that thetempest in Parliament yesterday in any way foreshadows serious trouble for the government but it will be expected to show more initiative and energy than it is believed to have shown to date. And public clamor for systematic planning to tackle the gigantic problems of production, living standards, and public health may force it to use their dictatorial powers. A Dictatorship? The answer to “when is a dictatorship not a dictatorship” mi^ht be provided here in Britain today where the people themselves are demanding the fullest use of their extraordinary wartime powers. It has left no doubt in the minds of observers here that this is a democracy of the most robust character. Poor Sanitation Periis Britons In Raid Shelters By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Dm. London, Nov. 28—London tubes I are to be converted into special deep shelters and to be prorided with first aid posts, bunks and ventilation, according to Herbert Morrison, minister for home security, yesterday. Some of the recommendations of the Horder report on shelter will be put into effect. This seems an essential, if not necessarily a radical, step. The dead hand of officialdom and lack of courage and enterprise on the part of some ministers are still tampering efforts to enable London to meet air warfare. Halfway measures and reluctant concessions are the best the government has achieved so far in improving conditions in London’s shelters and tackling the public-health problem.
Greeks Take Plunder Leland Stowe, who is at the front with the Greek Army,’ radios that “the quantity of war materials still scattered about is extraordinarily great. All day long we encountered huge Italian trucks, countless motorcycles driven by Greek soldiers, scores of privates hurrying up and down on Italian bicycles.”
Yesterday marked the beginning of the second month of the GreekItalian war. Italian resistance in Albania is stiffening “for the first time in three weeks,” Athens reports, adding that Hellenic troops, nevertheless, are pushing on at many points. United States aid in sending war supplies again was asked.
Trouble In Siam “For the first time siijce the end of September,” radips Paul Ghali from Vichy, “the French admitted that everything was not going so well between French Indo-China and Thailand.” Siamese soldiers attacked" Poipet the night of Nov. 28, says the communique, but things are now quiet.
Chiang Kai-shek is expected to ignore a “last exhortation” .sent to him by the head of Japan's puppet government in China asking that the two factions join in peaceful co-operation with Japan. A new treaty is about to be signed by Japan and her puppet.
Volume 52, No. 69
Guidance Counselors To Meet On Campus; <1 Program, Clinic Today Today and tomorrow the University is playing host to between 300 and 600 high school guidance counselors, deans of men and women, and other educational administrators from all parts of the state who have come to attend the two-day guidance conference here. Guidance Clinic At 10 Opening the program at 10 o’clock this morning will be a clinic on guidance programs operating in Indiana, with J. Ralph Irons, Superintendent of School at Evansville, presiding. This afternoon the clinic gets down to business. Following an address of welcome by President E. C. Elliott, these speakers will ta,lk on pertinent topics: Dr. Carlton ’W. Washbume, superintendent of "Winnetka, Illinois, schools; Dr. R. W. Tyler, Dean of the School of Education, University of Chicago, and Dr. C. L. Shartle, Chief, Occupational Analysis Section, U. S. Employment Service Division, Washington, D. G. Banquet At Six The principal speaker of the convention will speak before a dinner meeting this evening at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. He is Dr. Edward G. Olsen, acting head of the Department of Education of Colgate University, and he will discuss “Guidance and the Social Lag.” Dr. Olsen will also talk before the closing session tomorrow morning (Continued on page 4)
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, November 29, 1940
Resource Balance Must Vary With Population - Thompson
Third Defense Lecture Speaker Tells Causes Of World Disturbances
Banquet Speaker
Newman Club . . . will hold an open meeting next Wednesday, December 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 dff the Union. The Rev. Edward Holland, spiritual advisor for Catholic students on the campus, will be the speaker. His topic, “Why Preserve Democracy?” will be followed by formal discussion. All members and friends of the club are welcomed.
Saddle Shoes Correct For Joes At Tonight's WAA 'Harvest Hop-
By Mary K. Boynton Joes will be in their element from 9 till 12 tonight in both 'Union ballrooms at the second co-ed bid dance of the year, WAA’s "informal Harvest Hop. In sports clothes and saddle shoes they will swing to the “Especially For You” rhythms of Hank Messer and his ten-piece orchestra, featuring the vbcals of pretty Jerry Ewert and Tiny Morris, and the celeste playing of Lew Magill. This is a popular band with midwestem universities, including IlUnods, MacMurray College, and your own alma mater. Romantic Backdrop Appropriate to the occasion, the band fronts will picture corn shocks and pumpkins silhouetted against harvest moon, in front of a baclk-drop featuring a typical campus couple. Fellows, here’s your one and only chance to wear those atroiJious socks she blessed you
with on your birthday, and co-eds you have full permission to sport those flat heels and socks that were criticized at mixers. Dreams Dates So girls, it’s up to you to take advantage of one of the few opportunities of the year to ask your dream man for a d^te. If you show him your stuff, you may become his dream girl, who knows? Anyway, that’s (the purpose and you may never know unless you take this chance to find out. There’s still time; tickets are available at the book stores. Union, WRH, ' sorority houses, and the WAA office for one dollar. Incidentally, the dirty work in planning this dance for yott was done by Kathryn Ade, 'Virginia Schaup, Monica Buergler, and Lee Westover, WA;A president.
Personnel Director Reassures Seniors “Forget possibilities of being called for military service and go out and get a job,” stated Professor David L. Arm, acting director of personnel, in addressing seniors assembled for the placement lecture held yesterday afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union. Professor Arm went on to say that the defense program has necessitated the hiring of more men, and representatives from nutnerous companies have come earlier this year to interview prospective employees. Job Getting Tips Prof. Arm also outlined briefly several tips in applying "for a position. These are to read notes on' bulletin boards, contact Placement Service when called^ be carirful of appearance during interview—don’t put on an act, sign up for interviews you are interested ^n, know the company and what sort of work you can do best.
“The balance of' population is continually changing, and unless we change the balance of resources on which we live to meet these changes of population growth, we will always have men fighting for what they think they ought to have.” This statement provided the thesis for the lecture given by Dr. Warren S. Thompson, of Miami University, authority on population trends and their effects, last night in the Hall of Music, the third in the year’s series of national defense lectures. Dr. Thompson showed the effects of the various economic conditions that the world has been in on the birth and death rates. He said that population growth is slowed down by hunger, disease, and war. Credit To Engineers “With the coming of the industrial revolution,” Dr. Thompson continued, “man has improved his living conditions, because the surpluses caused by the change were applied in bettering sanitary conditions. Credit for the decrease of the death rate belongs to the engineers rather than to the doctors because the former help to produce the surplus.” I In retrospect he said that he predicted in a book published twelve years ago that Italy, Germany knd Japan were almost^ sure to cause trouble. Their population growth was retarded and when it started they found that they did not have the resources to support the growth adequately.
Playshop Set For Preview On Friday “WhaV'a Life,” the play Edward Stone made famous first on Broadway and then on the radio will soon be ready for its first performance here on the campus. Sam Marx, director of the student production, announced today that the members of the cast wiU give a preview for the High School Debate Conference Friday, December 6. The play is mainly one'of character contrast the only setting being the main office of a large central high school. Action of the comedy centers around a typical'principal and a varied assortment of students whose escapades add a humorous touch to the play. Those who saw the movie starring Jackie Coogan will be anxious to see this performance. Tickets for the regular performance, December 11-14, will go on sale at the box office Monday, December 2. Mail orders for 1200 tickets have already been filled,
j.h.
Dave Rankin Jast night was named by Bill Stern as Life magazine’s All-American left end. “Great in defeat” was the way Stern, NBC sports announcer, summarized Rankin’s play. A1 Bowman, Northwestern; George Franck, Minnesota; and Tom Harmon, Michigan, were the three other Big Ten players named by Stern. The selections will be pictured in today’s Life magazine.
Swimmers Present Aquacarje Tonight In Fieldhouse Pool Dolphin, Triton Clubs Feature Champions Opening the season’s swimming activities with a flourish. Dolphin and Triton clubs’ much anticipated Aquacade will get under way tonight promptly at eight. Since the Aquacade is perhaps the biggest event in the swimming season, it is expected that a near - capacity crowd will fill the balconies and bleachers of the Fieldhouse pool tonight and tomorrow night. Talented Tankers Both local and foreign talent will lend a hand in the show to make it a truly colorful event. Although Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming coach, and others in charge of the Aquacade do not wish to release too much information about the show lest the spectators be robbed of much of the interest in the various; events, the information available most definitely indicates that members of the audience will receive a lot of entertainment for the admission price which is 40 cents. One of the acts that should prove popular with the audience is the ballet number. All in all, about 30 co-eds have been practicing for some time in the perfection of this act. Only about 14 co-eds will take part in the main part of the ballet, however, the remaining 16 ■will add their efforts occasionally. Plunger Perhaps one of the events which is looked forward to most anxiously is the plunging demonstration by plunging champion Stillwell. At one time Mr. Stillwell was able to plunge from the side of a pool, and without taking a breath, coast 84 feet. However, since the Fieldhou^e, pool is only 75 feet long, Stillwell will be timed as he plunges various distances. On Tuesday night he was able to glide 60 feet in 28 seconds, during a brief practice in the Fieldhouse pool. i
Forensics Hit The Headlines
Maury Mahn To Play At First December Mixer Maury Mahn and his orchestra will usher in December and" December’s weather at the regular mixer tomorrow evening, providing music for dancing from 9 to 12 o’clock. Band fronts will feature a freshman pot blowing away and a pair of black boots, symbolizing the fact that freshmen who vhlue their ears are about to discard their pots for hea'vier headgear. A large calendar in black and white showing the month of December "with the holidays marked in red will form the backdrop. In contrast to the theme, the band will warm things up a bit vrith a swing session preceding the regular dance. The swing session will be held from 7 to 8 o’clock, and admissiomwill be free. The customary mixer price of $1.00- vdll prevail at the dance, r.l.h.
Student Legislative Body To Meet Dec. 6 First annual Indiana Student Legislative Assembly and the 11th annual high school debaters’ conference will open Friday, December 6, for a two-day session at which time they will discuss the part which the youth of today must play in the fight for the preservation of democracy. One thousand students representing over 100 schools are expected to attend the conference, to take part in discussions and hear speeches by such men as F. Harold Van Orman, former Lt.' Governor of Indiana, James M. Knapp and Fred Eichhorn, former leaders of the House of Representatives and the Senate of the Indiana State Legislature, and Prof. E, C. Buehler, director of debate at the University of Kansas. Legislature Meets The conference will open with registration from 9 until 10:30 Friday morning, in the reception room of the Union. The'‘Student Legislative Assembly- will hold its opening session at 10:30 a. m. with the Senate meeting in the west faculty lounge, Fred Eichhorn, presiding, and the House in the north ballroom, James M. Knapp, presiding. Committee meetings will be in session from 11 until 2:46 o’clock. There will be ten committees from each house, under the supervision of Purdue upperclassmen enrolled in the Group Discussions course. For those not participating in the legislative assembly, section meetings
will be held at/one o’clock at which time the subjects of dramatics, voice science, and radio 'will be discussed. Eat, Argue The feature of the day will be an intercollegiate debate between Purdue (affirmative) and University of Michigan (negative) on “Resolved, That The Power of the Federal Government Should Be Increased.” At six o’clock, a banquet will be served, with Dr. E. C. Elliott as toastmaster, and the principal speaker, F. Harold Van Orman. All who are registered for the conference and assembly will be admitted free of charge to a special performance of “What A Life” by Purdue Playshop. • Co-ed Talkers Yesterday afternoon at two o’clock, five co-ed debaters left the campus for the University of Wisconsin to take part in the Big Ten Debate Conference. From a series of pre'vious discussions L. S. Winch, in charge of the co-ed debate, selected these girls to participate this week-end: Charlotte Finney, Peggy Howard, Janet Morehouse, Francis Estep, and Jane Ostrander. The team will be accompanied to Madison''by Winch. Saturdayjnoon a b^quet will be given for the debaters and a round table discussion will immediately follow this. A national network plans to broadcast this, part of the program where each school will be represented. Francis Estep -will represent Purdue. The subject deals with university eixtrance requirements. m.j
• Wisconsin Wins Opening the 1940-41 debate season Tuesday, the Riveter team lost the first debate of the year to the Wisconsin squad at Madison, Wis. Dick Springate, ChE ’41, and William M. "White, Me ’41, took the negative side for the University in the debate against Wisconsin Tu^ day night and also against the-Unfw versity of Chicago Wednesday aft- • emoon in Chicago. Although the judge’s decision was against the Boilermaker team at Wisconsin, the audience vote was 150 for Purdue to 127 for Wisconsin. In a vote for the best speaker. Riveter William White was accorded the majority of votes "with Dick Springate scoring next highest. The judge was Professor Heilman of Marquette University. . Boilermakers were victorious in the Chicago-Purdue debate on Wednesday. Professor Peters of Northwestern acted as judge for this de-' ' bate. There was no audience decision recorded. m.m.r. • Radio Deflate Four debaters representing the University will be in Chicago tomorrow where they will debate question “Shoidd the Control of ^e Federal Government Over Our Economic life Be Strengthened?” The debaters will appear on the liebaters’ forum program of (the John Marshall tlaw School and may be^ heard over station WJJD &om, 11:30 to 11:45 a, m. This is the oldest continuous program of its sort in radio, as the Debaters* forum has been on the air steadily each Saturday for ovmr four yeara-\
h
l‘
iJ'l
|| I:
f
P t
f:!
?! 1
4 5
Pa0£2~£dilA
Firiday, November 29, 1940
5ni Colnmii-
We see ty yesterday’s headlines that the Greeks have cut down fresh troops shipped direct from Rome. Where they had probably been sent. From the front. Between halves. To hear a pep talk by II Duce himself.
If those Greeks aren’t kicking the devil out of one crack Italian division, they’re doing it to another.
' And speaking of fresh troops we recall an anecdote by Jimmy Young, correspondent in the far east. Jimmy is an authority on the Chinese war. Having spent two months. In a Japanese jaiL
According to him the Japanese newspapers reported that the Chinese regular army had been defeated. But the war went on. Said Mr. Young—^who ya fighting now. Quoth the reporters. The irregulars.
Then came a story of the demise of the irregulars. And still they fought. Said Mr. Young—^who ya fighting now. Quoth the reporters. The guerrillas.
Presently the papers reported the sad finish of the guerrillas and still no end to the bloody business. Said Mr. Young. Wearily.—Well—Quoth the reporters. Bandits.
The Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the post oilioe in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. . 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular 'academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyfr Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree. J. A. Purcell, L. W. Rdffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C,^ F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor — J. P, Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Assistant: Runnion Day Editor; Siess Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: C. R. McIntosh, W. L. Butz, S. Craigmile, W. Rafert, O. T. Clark, E. Caster,’M. L. Losey, A. Wickard, M. K. Boynton, B. Lahr, J. Laur, M. J. Fox.
We say. When they finish off the bandits their wor-
ries are practically over. All they have to do is mop up the boy scouts. And China is theirs. If Russia doesn’t want it. d.k.h.
Letter To The Editor
November 25, 1940
Dear Editor:
Undoubtedly ^ you have heard someone give a lecture or have read someone’s article entitled “Is America Worth Saving?” Until yesterday I would have answered this question unhesitatingly in the affirmative. Today I am not so sure. Some weeks ago a Mr. Rockwell Kent gave a lecture to the student liody of Purdue University. In this lecture, among other things, he advocated the continuation of a WPA for artists regardless of the cost. I thought that he was undoubtedly the mouthpiece of some subversive group speaking solely for the interests of unemployed artists; I did not think that any sane person would take him seriously. I was not disturbed.
died while Rome burned. Were the members of this discussion group echoing the feelings of the people of the United States ? Is the symbol of our civilization a man leaning on a shovel? Is art to be crammed down the throats of the common people whether they want it or not? If this is the case, I for one do not see any reason why it should be defended. Or do the people of the United States still believe in the old-fashioned method of working for a living ? Our fathers thought that a country without a national art was worth fighting for; do we? What do Americans really believe ? J. T. L., ChE ’41.
Classified Ads
Roommate Wanted: Large bright room, stoker heat. Near campus, bus line. Reasonable. Call noon or evening. 116 S. Grant. PE 2769.
Last week at the convocation, the orchestra opened the program with “The Star Spangled Banner.” Everybody stood up but only about one person in ten sang. The same was true when the band played our national anthem at the football game. I was disturbed, but not dismayed. Yesterday I listened to a discussion on the radio in which the subject was WPA art projects. In the group were Mr. Clifton -Padiman, Mrs. Roosevelt, a librarian from the Congressional Library, and possibly others. One of the gentlemen said that in a time of national emfergency these art projects would have to be sacrificed to the defense program, making possible the building of more planes, more tanks, and more guns, and the training of more men. Mrs. Roosevelt immediately pounced upon him, saying that the WPA art projects should be continued even if it meant that we could build fewer battleships ahd planes. Her reason seemed to be that if we had no national art (and according to her line of reasoning the only way we could have this was through WPA projects) the country would not be worth fighting for. Twice the gentleman repeated his belief, and each time he was answered more vigorously, so that he finally sank into mlent oblivion. In illustration of the wonderful things the projects have done for the country, Mrs. R. told of listening to a group of Negro singers, a WPA project. The leader had taught them Negro spirituals, and now they were bringing enjoyment to many people by singing these songs. “And that leader,” she added dramatically, “was found digging ditches.” I do not say that it is wrong to encourage art of this kind in a period of national peace and prosperity; I do say that it is wrong in a time of national emergency, when the money Could better be spent building up our defense. Singing Negro ' spirituals, no matter how pretty, U^nUt drain swmmps, nor carry off WwUge. Fossibly digging ditches is put as enjoyable as some other jobs, but it certainly is more useful tban soiUe. It would be quite fitting to have these people sing to Mrs. R, when the dive bombers and armored tanks start working against an unprepared America. They say Nero fid-
Dear Mr. Editor: We heartily agree with your editorial concerning the abolition of the prom committee. It has been our observation in the few years that we have been here that the quality of 1;he bands obtained for proms has not been on par with the quality of bands engaged for other occasions. This is not consistent with the relative costs of a mixer and a prom. This is evidently caused, by the inefficiency of people inexperienced in the booking of bands. Inasmuch as there are men on this campus who have had considerable experience in bringing popular bands here in > the past, we believe that the prom committee is not only unnecessary but a detriment to the best interests of the student body. In view of the existing conditions, we suggest that a vote be taken to determine whether or not the prom committee shall be continued (including this year). From other students’ comments, we are certain we are not alone in our stand. J. W. 0., ’42 A. C., ’41 ' R. A. F., ’4l
Lost: Man's gold Elgin wrist watch Saturday at football game. R. R. Kraybill. 76783. Reward.
Lost: Car keys on chain in or near Music Hall. Call 4760.
Needed Badly! Maroon “Engineering Metallurgy” text lost in EE lab Tuesday. Phone 76264.
Sophomore Basketball
Managers To Answer Call
Sophomores interested in positions as basketball managers are urged to report to the varsity fioor of the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock this afternoon, according to Ralph Heckel, senior basketball manager. Men who report will be introduced to their duties, which will consist of officiating in practice games, caring for equipment, keeping scores, and compiling statistics on the performance of the various players.
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
mon
—TODAY -TOMORROW- — DOUBLE FEATURE >
It's three Cheers for the Season's Funniest Comedy PLUS
join the fun, when
LUMA
TODAY-SAT.—2 HITS
ALSO
ROY ROGERS HAYES
Notices
S Novice Piatol: Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. v —BROWN.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:16 p. m. and- Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. -m. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at, 4 p. m., and at 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, wnd. Thursday, November 28. Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4:45 p.m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4:46 p. m., and Tuesday, November 26 and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. —SMITH.
Wesley Foundation: Millionaires party Friday evening, 8 p. m., at Foundation house. Admission 20c per couple, or 10c plus 6c bachelor’s tax per person. Bring a date and get a million dollars. —WAGNER.
Speech 16-A Students: Schedule for the speeches is posted on class door. ^ -^CARMICHAEL.
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges and actives meet Friday, November 29, at 4:16 in the Exponent office. Pledges bring signed replicas. Short. —McKEE.
Alpha Zeta: There will be no meeting this week. —STEWART.
WAA Volleyball Callouts: Practice Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 4 J). m. Two practices required. —KIRKOFF-
All Freshmen: Those interested in working on Scrivener staff report to office between 1 and 4 p. m. Saturday, November 30. —ALEXANDER.
All Sophomores: Men who have not received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col. White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory. —TORMEY.
Scabbard And Blade Pledges: Pledge meetings at 7:20 a. m. Thursday, November 28, and at 7 a. m.^ Friday, November 29. Wear uniforms on both occasions. —BLACKWELL.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Ma\n St. Phone 2779.
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges will meet in room 366 of Union at 6:16 p. m. Sunday, December 1. Formal initiation. —MYERS.
Model Aeroplane Builders: Last outdoor contest Sunday, December 1, on Miller’s Field, weather permitting. —OBORSKI.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for ail occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
All students: Group going to the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago. Intend to leave Saturday morning, November 30. Call 66238. —MEYERS.
Mixed Recreation: No mixed recreation Friday night because of the WAA Harvest Hop. , —FISHLEIGH.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, December 2, at 7:15 p. m. Pledges will appear at this time instead of 7:48. Be sure to bring cups. —^BUHLIN.
Lutheran Student Association: Important meeting Sunday, December 1, at 9:30 a. m. at Rev. Stolldorf’s home, 626 N. Ninth St. All members be there. —SMITH.
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Meet Friday, November 29, at 4 p. m., before reuglar meeting. Bring boards. Important. —RUFFNER.
Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFarland’s office in Education building. —SIMPSON.
Newman Club: Communion at 9:30 Mass and breakfast afterwards, Sunday, December 8. Not December 1, as previously announced. Debris pictures '^111 be taken at breakfast. All members please be present. —LUERS.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 307. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7:30 p. m., room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 307. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in''''307. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Scrivenpr: All Scrivener active are required to report for a 16-minute interview
NOW PLAYING
The mightiest adventure-romance ever filmed
Paramount Prasonts
0ARY COOPER MADELEINE CARROLL
in
CECIL B. DiMIUPS HORIHWm HOUnEDPOUCT
fn TethnUolort
Prioair—This Attraction Qnly MATINEE— N 15c - 35c - 40c (Ineludins Tax) Evenings and All Day Sunday— 15c - 40e - 50c (Including Tax)
y
mmk
fijuJu£u»,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liothy>;
“I’m a stranger in town, officer!—I didn’t know 65 was overthe limit V’
between 1 and 4 p. m. Saturday, November 80. All receipt books must be turned m between 1 and 4 p. m. November 30 without fail. —ALEXANDER.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, November 30, by sehgols as follows : Those whose names begin with A-E, room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building, F-K, room 129 of the Elefctrical Engineering Building, L-R, room 201 of the Civil Building, S-Z, room 101 Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
The national machinery of education, will move 32,285,000 students, from kindergarten to college, another notch ahead this year.
GRAVErBAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
with GORDON lONES JOYCE COMPTON
IT'S FIRST RUN
ALSO —
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
NaiiI
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Th.OM KillerDiller in a Red-Hot ChillerThriller!
MYSTERY with MUSIC!
RKO RADIO
With Peter Boris LORRE • KARLOFF Bela LUGOSI (The Bad Humor Moo) Helen PARRISH DENNIS O’KEEFE ALMA KRUGER KAY KYSER’S BAND featuring GINNY SIMMS Harry Babbitt, Isb Kabibble,Suliy Mason, “The College of Mnsiad Knowledge” e SONO HITSI
MARS TOJUOBBOW
MATINEE at 2:30—EVENING at 8:15 SAM H. HARRIS Pnesents _
^ MOSS MART & eaa s. kaupman
Eve—Oreh., 1st 12 rows, $2.75; last 16"
—vrcn., ist iz rows, ;
row, $2,20; Lose, $1.65; Mo;c*„ $1.10,
Balcony, 83e, Tncludlng Tax.
Mat.—Orchj, ijt 12 raws, $1.65; last 16 jaws, $1.10; Lago, $1,10; Mex*., 83e; Balceny, 55e, Including Tax. ^
— G(^ SEATS STILL AVAILABLE 230 Mat. Seats at 55e —230 Eve. Seats at 83c (Tax Incl.) PHONE 7903 FOR RESERVATIONS
BOX OFFICE OPEN 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P.M. DAILY
mmmH
^ y r>^
»■ i, ^''' V S' ^ --ft ' <s J
* \
I /
jy
' y
Fzidcor* Mcmanhear 29,
fia^S-SfiO!^
itM'Sihediil^
Hr
By Jose^ Pat^bk’D<»lan
'I have read in the Chicago Ttibmne that Dave Raiddn is eligible for the Tribune ^‘Most Vaiudhle Man 4ward” in the.Big'Ten confer(once. And boheve yoaf me, IVe almost choked with laijghter at that Jbit of information. I don’t care if JRed Grange went to Purdue, I doubt -very much his ability to draw the Tribune’s award.
Purdue has had great athletes up for the award, but they have all failed miserably to win, place, or show in the ^“voting.” rPersopally, I think the Chicago Tribune puts out the best sports page id the qountry, and reading diversified newspapers is our business, »but I’ve hever appreciated the Trib’s apparent “anti-Purdue” attitude. Maybe I’4n wrong, but seeing is believing. —I-I— Minnesota athletes have won the award two times;'Indiana and Iowa players have copped the award three times, while Chicago and Michigan ball hawks have taken the award twice. The remainder of the league’s representation has won the award at least once, with the exception of PURDUE. ; -T-I-Two Purdue athletes who suffered most glaringly'were John Drake and Cec Isbell, two backs in professional ball today who know no superior; Isbell is regarded as the best halfback in pro ranks and the bone-crushing Drake as the best
Come to the opening of IxMitmdlL Today — Fri., Nov. 29th Opening ^*Date Specials^’ Frosted Malts 2 for 15c Hot Chocolate for 15c Ifcnne Made Chili J2 for 25c Weiner, Roll and-Potato Chips 10c — DANCING — 136 Nordiwestern Ave. West liafayette
WHAT YOUR GUESTS LIKE The comfortable sufroundings are sure to please the most particular. * \ Have them stay at THE UNION ^CLUB JhSL (pJUAdwL WsimifdcdL lAnwtL ^he Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
fullbaeki'jplaj^ing for lutoney-croiyds. These two men were nosed out by Indiana athletes, Vernon Huffman winning the uward when Drake wus eligible in ’36. Huffman has been a futile flop in the tougher competition. But Drake’s performances are well known 'Jrbm Chicago to New Yprk. We all know of Cec Isbell’s allstar performances and his playing with the Green Bay Packers. Isbell wasn't ajvarded the Trib trophy because some fellow, Corby Davis, by name, pf Indiana got the trophy. Davis also flopped miserably in the professional competition, where men are men, and undergraduate trophys don’t mean a hickel. -1-1— I still contend the Trib has the bestest of the best in sport pages. New York students or no New York students, but I’m beginning to doubt the veracity of Mr. "Sard’s annual “valuable” J;heory —I-I— Purdue athletes aren’t mentioned in the following but read the latest in “snubbing Purdue.” 1939—^Nile Kinnick, lo'wa. ' 1988—^Howard Weiss, Wisconsin 1937—Corby Davis, Indiana 1936—^Vernon Huilman, Indiana 1^86—Jay Berwanger, Chicago 1934—Pug Lund, Minnesota. 1983—Joe La'ws, Iowa 1932—Harry Newman, Michigan 1931—Clarence Munn, Minnesota 1930—^Wesley Fesler, Ohio State 1929—Bill Glassgow, Iowa. 1928—Chuck Bennett, Indiana 1927—Ken Bouse, Chicago 1926—Benny Friedman, Michigan 1926—^Tim Lowry, Northwestern 1924—Bed 'Grange, Illinois
IN Schedules
7 00 7 16 8.00 8:16 7.00 7-16 8.00
7 00 7-16 8 00 7 00 7 16 8 00
7.00 8 00
7 00 8 00 9 00 7 00 8 00 9 00
BASKETBALL Friday, November 29 Court 1—J Papurca Ward 23 vs. Ward 40 Ward 3 vs Ward 26. Ward ^vs Ward 26 Ward 1 V8. Ward 24 / Court 2—Schwartz Ward 27 vs Ward 4. Ward 28 vs Ward 6 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Phi Ep- , silon Court 3—Goldstein Ward 10 vs Ward 32 Ward 11 vs Ward 36 Ward 13 vs Ward §7. Court 4—F Witsman Ward 6 vs Ward 29 Ward 16 vs Ward 88 Ward 39 vs Ward 14
SQUASH Court 1 Alpha Gamma Bho vs Phi Kappa Alphau Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Alpha. Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Court 2 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Phi Delta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Court 3 Kappa Sigma vs Phi Delta Theta Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Acacia Sigma Chi vs Beta Sigma Psi
Sid Legg, a member of the Purdue chess team, tells us that the Purdue chess squad is about ready to meet the Indiana U. chess club. It appears that every time the Purdue football team is victorious over the Hoosiers the PU chess club is defeated; therefore with precedent remaining precedent, P u r d u e’s pawn-pushers should drub the down-state persons when they meet. _I.I_ Congratulations to the Sigma Chis and their champion touchball team. The Phi Kappa Tau club wasn’t so bad, either.
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S West Lafayette
Learning the Hard Way... Beset by doubts—^beside yourself confusion—one fact at least cannot ^ude yp^—the guy ^n tjbe Arrow Susspx shirt is as eplm and cool as p icuciu^er. he knows ajlji th/e ipiswer^ pr ppt, he is smajrt abpnf ith^t ?l^pt j|^e is wearing. Arjrpw’e ppiufjprlt your aid in a (crisi^! See thf new fpU Ayrpw sfalr^ today. They qome in sippyt whites or gpod Ipolqnp ppiteyps —^have the ope-and-pqly Arrpw collay—pre Afitpga put aq^ Spq-forizpd-Shrpqk — fabric phrinls,age leap fhqn 1%. Gei some today. $2 up. ARROW SHIRTS
=g=i T=l=
FREE. ' C£R on Every White ARROW SHIRT Yomr Initials pn the Sleeve DEWENTER’S
416. MAIH ST.
PHONE 3801
Riveter Matmen Face Tough Schedule; Reeck's Return Starts Intensive Drill
\
with his football coaching duties shelved for the winter, Coach Claude Reeck has now turned his full attention to his wrestling squad and the Riveter pretzel-benders are beginning to perform in a manner that only a coach’s fiery presence can take credit for. So far this season nearly 100 boys have reported to the wrestling room oP the second floor of the Fieldhouse and exposed themselves to the twiney clutches of
other grappling aspirants*
Calling Matmen —
Despite the near-crowded condition of the wrestling room, Coach Reeck is still not satisfied with the turnout. He stated that anyone who IS interested in the sport should report immediately if numerals or letters are the goal of the newcomers. \ Five men will form the nucleus of Reeck’s team this year, with Fredericks, Allman, Papurca, Rossi, and Montgomery, the only men on the squad with meet experience. This early in the season it is impossible for the coach to know definitejy the weight division in which some of his men will compete. Outside of the heavyweight division, there is no separation between divisions that IS too great for any man to reduce or gain weight in order to meet the limits of the
class.
Maiifstays The following is the early season outline of the squad: Heavyweights —^Rossi and Ruggieri; 176 lb.—McCord and Hlinka; 165 lb.—Montgomery and Hlinka; 156 lb.—^Britt and Montgomery; 145 lb.—Co-Cap-tain Papurca and Rollins; 136 lb.— Co-Captain Fredericks and Allman; 121 lb.—Fredericks and Boyd. The team is facing the busiest season that a Riveter squad has ever experienced. The meets are not only numerous, but are also With nothing bjjt top-notch teams. The Big Ten will be represented in meets with Michigan, Ohio State, Wisconsin, Northwestern, and Illinois and the non-conference oppiments are Findlay College and Illinois Normal. Cornell College of Iowa, which ranks next to Oklahoma A&M in national prominence, will round out the schedule and probably provide the Riveter grapplers with their toughest meet. A smafi group of Riveters will make the 1 trip to the Midwest A. A. U. tournament in Chicago ‘^in the spring. Hard Work Last year’s team under Captain Wiley broke exactly even in its long schedule but Coach Reeck is afraid that the squad/ wiH really have to work to do as well as breaking even this season. The suicide schedule that was plunked down before this year’s team is the toughest in the team’s history. j.dJf.
Student Art Club To Offer Movie Series; Tickets Now On Sale The first of a series of “Little (Movie) Convos” to be shown December 10 m room 363 of the Union inaugurates a new project of the Student Art Club which it undertakes in cooperation with the Stu-
dent Union.
The series of three films will he shown this^ year on a subscription basis only. A limited number of tickets which are good for all three programs are on sale for 50 cents at the west desk of the Union. The first show, on December 10, will consist of “The Movies March On” by the March of Time; Walt Disney’s “Mickey’s Band Concert;” “The River,” a story of the exploitation and ruin of the Mississippi River basin; and “Rhapsody m Steel,” produced by the Ford Motor
company-
The second “Little (Movie) Convo” is scheduled for January 6. ‘"Fhe City,” surveying the transfer from an agricultural to industrial econon^y in this country; “Death Day,” showing a Mexican fifesta; “MenilmontaUt,” which has received acdlaim as an amateur film; and Walt-'^Bisnej^s “Toby Tortoise Returns” will be shown. On a^qnrogram of “La KennessJErHeroiqi^-,” a J’rench corned witlr rBhg^lr subtitles, and
Benefit,” produced
by Walt Dianas, will be given. According to Robert Parks, director ,df ffie Student Art Club, these *^ttle t(Movie) Convos” are designed to deepen enjoyment and appreciation of the motion picture, the ipost popular and easily understood of the arts. a.e. l
A.A.Smith
... at the education and psychology'department, will discuss “Prejludices” next Tuesday evening at 7:3ft o’clock^ in the. West Faculty ^Lounge of the Union Building. This discussion is Sponsored by Kappa Delta Pi, honorary educational society, and is open to all students and
facul^. oJa.
507 Main St.
Where Every Shirt Is An ARROW SHIRT BERSBV’S
Lahr Hotel Building
HnnOKEMHIEF TEST PMViS BTai ZOnE RlHIflVS SPDT1E5S
Always edean and fre« from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higher* priced pipe« in hriar qnali.vjU«../Sl ty aqd yalue. WM. DEMUTH g CO., NEW YORK
• Fresh Roasted Nuts—All Kinds. • K^P an eye open for our Xnias Selection. • See first. Free Parking in Rear IMiemy linilHRSITf DRIC HIRE Next 111 Peat QSee t4^
I >
pa
J
\h
S^aqa ^ -^amhal
Friday, November 29, 1940
fijuAdM, £xpomnt
<!►>
., !1 :^ t*
'I >
> a I
^!i
X H ' i i ' \i *•
'
'M
Personnel Notes
v^lopment, Industrial Production.
Company: United Aii Lines, Chicago, 111. Representative: E. Van Vechten. Date of Visit: About December 2, 1940. Will Interview: Senior Mechanical Engineers—January Men Only. Types of Positions: Purchasing Department. Special Qualifications and Information: Men interested should fill out Personnel Blanks which may be secured at the Personnel Office. Men with accounting training and v«j^th an interest in purchasing desired.
Company: Westmghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company, Pittsburgh, Pa. Company’s Products: Electrical and mechanical equipment. Representative: J. H. Belknap. Date of Visit: To be announced later. Will Interview: Seniors and graduates: ChE, EE, ME, MetE. Types of Positions: Graduate student course. Special Qualifications and Information: Training for following fields: research, design and development, application engineei mg, commercial engineering, service, purchases and traffic, sales promotion, test and accounting. Important—To be considered for interview, those interested should complete record blanks which may be secured at the personnel office. These should be completed and returned to the personnel office not later than December 7.
Company: The Procter & Gamble Company, Ivorydale, Ohio. Company’s Products: Soaps, Cooking Pats. Representatives: Messrs. Watt and Dietz. Date of Visit: December 3 and 4, 1940. Will Interview: Seniors and Graduate Students in EE, ChE, ME, Chem. Types of Positions: Production Management, Chemical Engineering Development. Salary: Bachelor’s Degree, $140, Master’s Degree, $160. Special Qualifications and Information : Literature describing opportunities with this company may be seen at the Personnel Office. Interviews will be scheduled with men selected by this company from those who took test. Others interested, who did not take test, should arrange for an interview with one of the following: Harding, Hass, Lovell, Bolz,
Company: Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Neonah, Wis. Company’s Products: Paper products. Representative: F. F. Martin. Date of Visit: December 3-5, 1940. Will Interview: Senior ChE, ME, CE. Types of Positions: Design production, operations. Special Qualifications and Information: Descriptive literature concerning opportunities with this company may be seen at personnel office.
Company: Cummins Engine Company, Columbus, Ind. Company’s Products: Diesel Endues. Representatives: Messrs. Hofjoei^i^er apd Miller. Date of Visit: Thursday, December 1940. Will Interview: Senior ME, EE—January graduates only. Special Qualifications and Information: ME—^Plant engineering—development of special testing equipment, mechanical fixtures, etc. EE—Maintenance and special electrical problems.
Company: Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Company’s Products: Chain, Sprockets, Conveyors, Elevators. Types of Positions: Production, Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Engineering, January graduates.
Company: RCA Manufacturing Company, Inc., Camden, New Jersay. Representative: C. C. Aiken. Date of Visit: December 5-7, 1940. Will Interview: Seniors and Graduate Students—EE, ME—January and June men. Types of Positions: Design, De-
Just $1,00 a Week Will Buy Either of These
FmeWatches youf Choke
Both these watches look and work like more then twice $14 95' Ibey’re the smart new streamlined style —fully guaranteed and dependable Buy your Chnstmas Gifts now*—if it’s jewelry or gifts, you will find. 11 at Dame & AViIbou—PAY AFTER VACATION—
STUDENT ACCOUNTS INVITED
tsrmm w*. ptmt-wmm (*. pctaw
/ Ceres Will Present Cup, Medal \ T0 Winners In Essay Contest
Company: Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, Research Laboratories, Detroit, Michigan. Types of Positions: Research or Field Engineering. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering, January men. Special Qualifications and Information: Training course for a period of One year starting in February. Men interested must fill out application blanks which may be secured at the Personnel office. Booklets describing this training course may be seen at the Personnel office.
Company: Minneapolis-Honesrwell Regulator Company, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Company’s Products: Electric and Pneumatic Control Systems. Types of Positions: Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Electrical or Mechanical, January graduates. Salary: $100.00.
By R^lph Eberts Once again the Ceres essay contest is opened to all students who are interested in studying right fro mthe ground up. If you are interested in dirt, now is the time to dig up plenty of research notes, plant them in your notebooks, arrange them neatly on some “form A,” and then reap in a nice harvest of a loving cup or a bronze medal. There will be two divisions; one for the freshmen and one for the upperclassmen. Many interesting subjects pertaining to the study of agronomy are expected to come from those persons with the green pots. It doesn’t take a farmer to win this contest; the city-slicker could write a very good dissertation on the subject of “corn” or the effects of the “jitter-bugs” on “wild oats.” To the first place contestant, will go the Ceres essay cup—^which will bear the winner’s full name; to the second place contestant will go a bronze medal—^which may be hung from your key-chain or pinned on your coat where your Willkie pins were. Winning Essay To Be Published Dickinson Seed Company’s Pine Tiee trophy will be engraved with the upperclassmen division winner’s name and be placed in the trophy case of Agricultural Hall. The winning essay in this division will be published in the Purdue Agriculturist and the official paper of the Dickinson Seed Company. Originality will be a leading factor in the selecting of the best essays, but the subject must pertain to agronomy. Essentials of English grammar will count just as much as in lesearch papers and themes, so try to keep awake in your English classes from now on. January 13 Deadline Essays must be submitted to Professoi F. E. Robbins by noon Jan-
uary 13, 1941, The freshmen essays should be between 500 and 1,000 words, and the upperclassman essays should contain 1,000 to 1,500 words. A typewriter would aid a great deal in neatness and legibility. Professors A. T. Wiancke, J. P. Seaton and F. E. Robbins will act as judges for the contest, and for any details you do not clearly imderstand concerning the contest, confer with Prof. F. E. Robbins, room 210, A^griculture Hall. Remember spades are trumps, so follow suit and get your essay in before January 13, 1941.
6. A, Krantz
... of ^the Agriculture department, will read a paper on “Correlation of Soil Types and Present Land Use” at a meeting of the Soil Science Society of America to be held in Chicago next week. A paper, “Single Characteristic Maps of Soils Based on Soil Survey Data,” will be read by A. P. Bell, also of the University Agriculture department. T. M. Bushnell, in charge of soil survey work in Indiana, will serve as chairman of the sectional meetings» on soil genesis, morphology, and cartography.
Eye Safety
. . . program sponsored by Professor Beese, head of the GE department, and Simon Wirt, graduate student connected with Bausch and Lomb, will take another step forward this afternoon when the sh6p students who underwent eye tests last week will be measured for safety goggles. An optical expert will be in room 116 of Michael Golden Shops to take the data from 1 to 6 this afternoon.
Company: The Proctor & Gamble Company, Ivorydale, Ohio. Company’s Products: Soaps, Cooking Fats. Representative: Messrs. Watt and Dietz. Date of Visit: December 3 and 4,1940*. Will Interview: Seniors and graduate students in EE, ChE, ME, Chem. Types of Positions: Production management, chemical engineering development. Salary: Bachelor’s Degree, $140.00; Master’s Degree, $160.00. Special Qualifications and Information: *A11 interested men must take the test administered by this company November 18 at 7 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. Literature describing opportunities vdth this company may be seen at the Personnel office.
• • • •
Does he adore you in sleek satin-like evening gowns^ And is he sentimental about yards and yards of floating net and heartshaped decolletage? What ever it is, beat him at his own game of hearts with one of our breath-catch-ing new formals! We have just obtained many new numbers in step with the two big dances that are coming next week—"the Union Formal" and the Residence Hall Formal,
Formal prides range from $7.50 — $45.00
We also have Formal SKIRTS — BLOUSES GLOVES — HOSE -
- BAGS SLIPPERS
415 Main Street
Phone 5900
Guidance Counselors (Continued from page 1)
What They're Wearing
on “The Use of Local Resources in Guidance.” Other speakers closing the conference will be Dr. H. H. Remmers, Director, Purdue Division of Educational Reference, and Edward Salner, Director of Personnel of the Koppers Company, Baltimore, Maryland. Dr. Remmers is acting as chairman of the conference committee, r.r.r.
Dr. f. C. Young
... of the University Farm Management Department, will attend the annual meeting of the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers Monday and Tuesday at Chicago. Dr. Young is scheduled to speak on “Anticipated Farm Commodity Prices” Tuesday afternoon, Howard H. Halderman, University alumnus from Wabash, Indiana, will be the only other speaker from this state.
Speech 14 Contest
. . . now has six contestants left out of the original twenty-six to compete in the finals: Edward Johnstone, Charles Leber, Jack McGrath, Ted Novey, Robert Ronsley, and I, S. Ulrich. The last round is scheduled to take place December 3 at 7:00 p. m, in Eliza Fowler Hall. The student body of Speech 14 will be both audience and judge of the contest.
By MARY KAY We have been requested to tell you what is appropriate for some of the social functions on campus. ^ —^wTw— For tea dancing joe clothes are in order. You will be correctly dressed in a skirl and sweater with saddles and ankle socks. ^ —wTw— When dressing for one of the mixers, omit the saddles and anklets and choose a Kiress with hose and dress shoes. You needn’t wear a fancy dress but do wear long hose and dress shoes. Don’t let our hiixers look like a high school jitterbug session. That means let up on the jitterbug too. Have a few thoughts for the other dancers and the band. —^wTw— If you are going to the WAA Harvest Hop tonight you can get into your favorite sweater '*and skirt and your dirty saddles and ankle socks and be quite in fashion. Be young and comfortable tonight as you take your favorite man to this little dance. —^wTw— And you lucky men, the ones who have been asked by your best girl, to attend this hop, will look rather keen and be correctly dressed in slacks and a sport coat and sport shirt. Sweaters will also be in order if you prefer them to coats. —^wTw— Just a few tips on what is appropriate to wear to some of our social affairs. And until next time—dress correctly.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
—It's Healthy—Keeps You Fit—
Sack 5c Gallon 15c
So Handy
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
^'lalqreen
YOV'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS
DRUG STORES
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Professional
Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th & Haln St.
Phone 5701
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Hardware
Sperb Hardware
Quality Mdse.' 822 Main St.
-Right Prices Phone 2777
• Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks.
Auto keys e specialty. Bicycles, ac-
cessories and repairing.
MULHAUPT'S 209-t 1 N. 5th St. Phon. 2828
• School Supplies
DEAC'S
Everything for a
t'
College Education
)V
• Bus Information
A,
CHICAGO $2.95 R.T. GARY 2.95 R, T. MICHIGAN CITY .... 3.70 R.T. INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.T.
•It
YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
1 h
• Jewelers
V
Hays Jewelry Co.
Fine jewelry
at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Electrical Supplies
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models fluorescent Appliances 213 State St, Phone 5952
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214 \
'4
T >1