^ ^ f ^ - ,
1 ^
■* ^ J f - t ' f / ‘ < h f
(
Co-€id Edition
> *f\ 1 ' ‘ *1^ ■ Purdue Exponent Z-1fl6
Co-od ^mUon
Volume 52. No. 22
West talayette, Indiana
Friday. October 4, 1940
WSGA Vocational f Conference Here November 12,13 Informal Discussion Of Latest Developments Eecent trends in placement service and the relation between college and vocational success will be the basis of discussion at the WSGA Vocational Guidance Conference held on the campus November 12 and 13. > The conference will open Tuesday evening, November 12, with a banquet in the Union and will be superceded by five periods of round table discussion on Wednesday, November 13. According to Joyce Burnham, vice-president of WSGA and chairman in charge of arrangements, each period of discussion will be scheduled for a 45 minute lecture followed by a round-table discussion of the particular topics of interest to girls. Each period will be made asdnformal as possible. Graduates Return Graduates of the University who ^have made distinguished advances in their vocational field will return to the camjpus to participate in many of the lecture discussions. Although the WSGA committee is awaiting results of a questionnaire distributed among senior women, they have already secured speakers on community service, designing and personal shopping, commercial home economics demonstration, personnel work in education, opportunities in business and industry, and institutional management. Committee chairmen stated late yesterday that any girl interested in working on the committees or who has suggestions for the conference should bring them to the WSGA office during the next week. Committee chairmen include: hospitality committee, Mary Ellen Scarf; publicity, Georgia Carroll and Mary Burtsfield; posters, Louise Stiers; display table, Charlotte Finney; printing, Margaret Chenoweth; letters and programs to visitors, Mary Ann Carpenter and Elinor Deming. m.b. Sunday Evening Club ... of the Presbyterian church will present Dr. E. L. Kelly, of the division of Education and Applied Psychology, Sunday, October 6, at 6:00 p. m. The subject of his talk will be “Who is Normal?” At the morning discussion period, 9:30 a. m., Rev. John W. Findley will speak, j.h. Dr.EdF.Degering . . . professor in the Chemistry department has been named J^sociate editor of the Journal of Chemical Education. The editor for the coming year is Norris W. Rakestraw of Brown University at Providence, R. I. m.k.b.
3.000 Fans Assemble To Watch Team Leave For Ohio State Game Tomorrow
Ruth Frier, Virginia McDonald Chosen As WSGA Freshmen Virginia Lee McDonald and Ruth Frier were elected freshmen representatives to the WSGA executive board in the freshmen elections held yfesterday in the Union. These girls will represent their class on the executive board by giving their views at the meetings. Ruth is from West Lafayette and is enrolled in home economics. Virginia, whose home is in Newcastle, stays at South Residence Hall and is in the Experiment Science Group. Two hundred and twenty-five fresWen girls voted in the elections and chose Ruth and Virginia from the 29 who had petitioned for the offices. Forensic Board Announces Staff Staff members of the Forensic Board for this year include the following: Ralph Hultgren, senior debate manager; Marilyn McKnight, senior coed debate manager Gene Pechin, student manager of the high school debate conference; Dick Thornton, senior publicity manager; Mary Lee and Janet Kendall, junior coed debate managers; Bruce Lawler and Laddie Stahl, junior debate managers; Forest Deal, junior publicity manager; and Arthur Witham and Victoria Milea, comanagers of student speakers’ bureau. m. L Agricultural Education , Society To Hear Authority Paul B. Crooks, president of the Purdue Agricultural Education Society, has announced that Anthony Lehner will speak on “The Economic Function of the Co-operative Movement” at an open meeting of the society to be held at 7:30 p. m. Monday, October 14, in the combined faculty lounges of the Unions Lehner, head of the Department of Education and Organization of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Federation,»has achieved wide acclaim as an authority on economic problems as Isolated tp the co-operative movement. He received his education in Europe and later taught in Indiana high schools and serVed on the Indiana Farm Bureau until 1926. He is also known for his organization of the Co-operative training camps for Indiana youths.
Co-eds To Show Dating ^Musts' At Annual Gold Diggers" Ball
By Alice Chatfield “If I were only a man,’I’d surely have better manners on a date!” How many times have Purdue coeds sighed these words after coming in from dates ? < The annual Gold Diggers Ball sponsored by WSGA on Friday, November 8, is their chance to show the men just how to treat a date. The girl, acting as a super date, calls for her man and chats with his fraternity brothers while he finishes shaving and dressing. She does not even grumble when she has to carry his razor, comb, and pipe, necessities that he will need during the evening. Special dinners will be served at the residence halls and sorority houses to stjart gold diggers on the way to their men’s hearts. Coeds will also furnish corsages of all shapes, sizes** and materials. Transpoirtation can make a perfect date, so do not be surprised, fel-
lows, if a wagon, police car, or motorcycle appears at your door. Standing in line for cokes, opening doors, and lighting cigarettes are other attentions which a conscientious person gives to a date. So here’s your chance girls to out do the men and sho^ them what a super date really is, And maybe the boys may also show the coeds several things. The most eligible bachelor will be chosen by popular vote during the evening. Thus, for one night at least, the perennial argument be-/ tween all unclaimed males will be settled. The dance, to be held in both ball rooms of the Union, is semi-formal. The tickets, which are one dollar, will be on sale in the residence halls, sorority houses, and large co-op houses two weeks before the dance. Agnes McCullough is in charge of the tickets, a.c.
Miller, Byelene, Ivankin Assure ^ored Rush Opens Rooters Of Boilermaker Victory With Meeting For
Accompanied by the band an^ led by the cheer leaders a crowd of 3,000 students and townspeople were on hand at the Big Four station last night to give the football team a rousing send-off to Columbus where they Will meet Ohio State tomorrow afternoon. ^ Parade
State Poultry Sodety Hears Speeches By Martin and Donham Dr. J. Holmes Martin, of the University, opened the second day of the annual meeting of the State Poultry Association with a talk on the service the Poultry department gives to inddstry. He sketched the program of the following year and stated that greater cooperation between both the farmers and industry would bring more profit to both. Following this Dr. L. S. Robertson discussed recent economic developments, stressing that adjustment to present conditions is essential. Dr. C. R, Donham, of the veterinary science department, spoke on some of the new methods of treating poultry. In connection with this Dr. J. H. Bruckner of Cornell University addressed those interested on puoltry housing. Dr. Bruckner’s wide observations have made him extremely competent in this field. Resolution^ Among the resolutions adopted was one urging the continued support of the Indiana fresh egg law. This law has been in effect for^the past year and many advantages for all concerned have been observed. Another complimented the Purdue Agricultural Experiment Station and the Agricultural 7xtension Service for the services rendered to the Indiana poultrymen during the past year. The laat event on the program was a demonstration of the mechanical chicken picker which attracted an unusual number of poultrymen and hatcherymen from all parts oi the state. During the business meeting which was held toward the latter part of this afternoon all officers of the State Poultry Association were re-elected. Re-elected They were: Philip C. Endres, Frankfort, president; Noel Shaver, Crowfordsville, first vice president; William Kohlmeyer, Purdue extension poulijryman, fsecretary-treas-urer; Hobart-Creighton, Warsaw, a member of the Purdue Agriculture Experiment Station advisory board. Prank Conway, Indianapolis, succeeded L. L. Jones, Lafayette, for a two-year term gs a member of the organization’s board of directors. At a meeting held last night officers of the Record of Performance Breeders’ Association were reelected for another year, including: Joseph Sicer, Jeffersonville, president; R. C. Wallace, Lafayette, vice president; W. P. Albright, Purdue extension poultryman, secrfetarytreasurer; and Hobart Creighton of Warsaw, Prank Stephens of Star City, and Frank Merkle of’ Claypool as board of director members, j.h. Horticultural . . . Society at a tpeeting held yesterday evening in the assembly room of the Horticultural Building held its annual election of officers. The following were elected: George W. Wolf, president; Henry R. Resner, vice-president; Maxine L. Runkle, secretary; Emil A. Wolf, treasurer, and Emery B. McCrackeh, forager, j.h. I \‘k ''
The meeting at the station was preceded by a parade which started from the Union and continued across the levee to the station. After several yells led by Bill Delmer, Johnnie Zuck and Kay Weber, varsity yell leaders. Doctor S. J. Miller director of the Student Health Service was introduced. Doctor Miller told the crowd that several years ago Purdue played Chicago and beat them. “Since then,” Miller went on, “Chicago kept getting sicker and sicker until she finally died.” ^“Saturday,” he said, “we’re going over to Ohio State; we’re going to beat them and start them on the same road.”
Trains will leave for Columbus tomorrow according to the following schedule: Leaving Lafayette at 5 a. m. Saturday morning and arriving in Columbus at noon; leaving Columbus at 8 Ip. m. Saturday evening and arriving in Lafayette at 1 a. m. Sunday morning.
Shortly before train time the team appeared and boarded the train, a platform was pulled in front; of the baggage car and Dave Rankin, captain of the team,' and Mike Byelene, varsity halfback, were introduced to the crowd by Johnnie Zuck. Dave and Mike both assured the crowd that “they were going down and knock over Ohio State.” Wells Announces Pony Chorus Tryouts Today Announcemept has been made by Bill WpUs, active director, that tryouts for the Pony Chorus fot the Thanksgiving Union Show are to be held in the South Ballroom of the Union today at 4:00 p. m. .A. ihudh larger chorus is bMng used this year and there are many positions for eds as Well as for coeds. 6nly balljpoofii dancing experience is necessary and all who are interested are urged to attend the tryouts. For eight years the Blac^ and Tan Fantasy has been presented but /this year a different show has been planned. Arrangements are being made for the show to be held in the Music Hall, m.e.c. SC A, PI A Organize Activities^ Program Yesterday afternoon represehtatives of SCA houses and the men’s clubs in the University met with "the president and the men’s activity chairman of PIA to * discuss active cooperation of the houses. A definite program was presented whereby one or more of the houses might work in with the PIA in giving informal parties, organizing bowling teams, and performing various other services for their m^mters. All those present were given comps to the first PIA dance of the year, and the next meeting was scheduled for Thursdayi October 16, ' at 4:16 p. m. Ahy house which did not send a representative to'the meeting and would like to know more about the plans should get in tondbi with Gordon Griffen at the PIA office, j.h.
Frosh On Tuesday 1940-41 coed rush will begin with a meeting of all rushees Tuesday, Oct. 8, at 4 o’clock, in Stanley Coulter Hall. According to Kathryn Lang, Pan-Hellenic Council presi- , dent. Dean Stratton, Lawyer Roy C. Street, and Mrs. Clifford Rader, past National Pan-Hellenic president, vdll speak to all the rushees. Rush rules will be read and explained, and rush captains will be introduced. This meeting should not be missed by any rushee. Rush registration will begin after the meeting Tuesday, Oct. 8, from 5 to 6 and 7 to 8 p. m. in room 364 of the Union. A registration fee of two dollars ■will be charged. Informal Rush Informal open house will be held Wednesday, Oct. 9, and Thursday, Oct. 10, from 3 to 6:30 p. m. Rushees are urged to -visit every house on campus. Informal dinners will be held Tuesday, October 15, Wednesday, October 16, and Thursday, October 17, from 5:30 to 8:30. Invitations will be received by mail on Monday, October 14, and must be returned to the Pan Hellenic desk, room 364 of the Union, between 3:30 and 5:30 p. m. Preference Night Preference night dinner -will be held Friday, October 18, from 5:30 to 8. Invitations -will be received and signed at the Pan Hellenic desk, room 364, from 7:30 a. m. to 1 p. m. on Friday, October 18. Following preference night dinner all rushees will go to the Pan Hellenic desk to sign preference cards. Lists from the sorority houses and the rushees preference cards -will be matched by Lawyer Street. Invitations to pledging may be called for at the Pan Hellenic desk from 12:30 until 5:00, Saturday, October 19. Rush Captains Sororities participating and their rush captains are: Alpha Chi Omega, Joan Weist; Alpha Xi Delta, Marjorie Patrick; Chi Omega, Victoria Milea and Msrra McKee; Delta Gamma, Virginia Creson and Louise King; Kappa Alpha Theta, Margaret Terstegge; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Vi-vian Peterson; Phi Mu, Mary Ruth Thornburg and petty Trexler; and Pi Beta Phi, Kathryn Bertsch and Harriet Forgey. v.b. Tennis Champion To Give Demonstration For Co-eds This afternoon’s tennis doubles between the team of Mary K. Browne and Roy Lucht and the team of Larry LaBree and Jef^%tte Brickley will be the feature attraction of Miss Browne, former Women’s national singles champion, -visit to the Purdue campus. Pre-vious to this game Mary Browtie will give a demonstration to the women’s physical education classes between 9 and 11, and 2 and 3 in the afternoon. Miss Browne enjoys th^ distinction of being the only -woman to reach the finals both in golf and tennis, j.h. Pledges Vie For Pie Pan On Front Steps Of Union Fifth annual pie-eating contest between the Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities -will take place this afternoon on the'front steps of the Union. Pledges from the respective fraternities -will participate in the event. The trophy of the contest is a copper pie pan, with copper plates chi^ihed to it, bearing the winner’s name and year. Bite by bite broadcast will be made by WBAA. m.n.
Kenneth T. DownSr INS Correspondent, To Speak Tonight Paris Bureau Chief During Blitzkrieg Kenneth T. Do-wns, ace International News Service War Correspondent, who is making a tour of Indiana, lecturing on France's surrender, will speak on this subject in the Hall 9! Music tonight at 8:00 p. m. Downs was recently named first winner of the annual George R. Holmes Memorial Trophy contest this year. This contest was established by the International News Service as a memorial to George R, Holmes, for many years chief of the INS Bureau in Washington. This renowned lecturer, who by some remarkable feat managed to remain in Paris until the very last, releasing vivid stories, will discuss the actual facts of its surrender at this special convocation. Downs was assigned to Paris as chief of the INS Bureau there in 1936. One of his first important tasks before the war was covering the romance and subsequent marriage of the Duke of Windsor and Mrs. Wallis Warfield Simpson. After covering the recent FrancoGerman hostilities. Downs returned to the United States for a brief stay, but -wiU soon return to a European post. Admission to this special convocation will be by student passports and season tickets. Other tickets -will be on sale at the door. m.rf. Elliott Crowns Queen At Fowler Corn Fefe President Ed-ward C. Elliott last night officiated at the ceremony in Fowler, ' Indiana, in which Miss Mary Garrison of Flora, Indiana, selected from representatives from the entire state, was crowned as Com Queen of Indiana. Formal opening of the iTidiana. State Com Festival was held in the afternoon -with Governor Townsend as the main speaker. Yesterd^s WLS Dinner BeU^ Broadcast -was made from the fes^val. The festival, which began yesterday, -wil^ continue through Saturday. M. O. Pence from the Agricultural Extension Department has been selected as judge to select the Com King of the state, mff. Virginia C. Merediili Club To Sponsor Freshimo Tea To acquaint all home..&c!hhQmics freshmen -with the aetr^i^if'-^-thd club, Virginia C. Meredith Cluh| the home economics organization will hold a tea Monday afEemo<ni|. October 7, at 4 p. m. in the Home Econohaics auditorium. Kathryn Ade, chairman of the program committee, has arranged the following entertainment: a harp duet by Elve-* lyn Gullion and Jean MiUer; A monologue, to be read by Mrs. Ralph Caldwell; a solo by Marjorie Williamson; and a short ac^i-vities pep talk by a member of the dub. Concluding the program -will be the introduction of the officers and tea served in the main lobby. e.g. Mrs. Clifford Rader . . . coed rush ad-viser will be introduced to the University PanHellenic Council at an informal t^a Monday, October 7, at 4 o’clock at the Kappa Kappa” Gamma house. Pan-Hellenic meii^bers, rush captains, and sorority presidents are
invited.
Mrs, Rader, who was the former president of the Natimml PanHellenic Council, wiU aid rUsheea and discover any dmngea to» he made in our rushing system. She^ will live in the Union and hold office hours pi room 864 Ibr conferences with rushees and org^onaeti women. This is the first time on any campus that a rush adviser has assiat€d~du;rihg rush. T.h,PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 4. 1940
I n
? •
Prom the reports about bombings on Berlin and London we would feather that the air traffic must be a little heavy between the two cities. Somebody suggested putting up stop-and-go lights along the route. But that might not work. * * * Not the way they pick their pilots. >1' * »< Red color-blind. ♦ * ♦ Maybe Hitler and Churchill will get wise and put up "One Way Traffic” signs. ♦ Pointing ont to sea. ih m Through a mistake in shipping orders, the Indianapolis Republican headquarters received a shipment of Roosevelt buttons the other day. It’s a good thing for the company that Republican buttons weren’t delivered to the Democratic headquarters. ... An elephant never forgets. ... We certainly hope that Congress closes shop soon ... all the boys want to go home and campaign . . . those already on French leave are creating two problems. What with baby kissing and all. ♦ * ^ And there’s not even a quorum to vote for adjournment.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for ?8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor . . J. H. McKee Managing Editor ... D. K. Heiple Associate Editors; W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Mianager, C. E. Danglemaier; Accpunts Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenw^d. Co-ed Staff Editor , Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Roset Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor . ‘ . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors; J. P. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Coed Editor—^Beth Simpson Issue Editor—Donna Siess Sports Editor—Mary Kay Miller Proof—Ruth Rose Night Editor—Skallerup Sophomore assistants: Mary Boynton, Virginia Barson, Marjory Chanel, Alice Chatfield, Margaret Fuller, Marilyn Fifield, Martha Jane Fox, Magdalene Fantone, June Greckd, Eileen Geyer, Jean Horr, Mary Lou Losey, Barbara Ijahr, Martha McHaffie, Jane Ramsdale, Peggy Howard, Nan Zachary, Mary Nitsche
Ireland claims to be maintaining a policy of neutrality toward the European war. But we have one question. ... Who ever saw a neutral Irishman? p.a.h.
Dirt—Dirt—Dirt! So we ain’t clean! Well, neither are you if you read this column first thing every morning. Especially so early in the morning—or is it? —B & B— Thanks to "author unknown” — Hurry, Please! My love for you is beyond description, Especially since they passed conscription, I know at married life I’ve laffed. But that, my Sweet, was before the draft. So tell me. Dear, that I’m your man— , But do it before the first of Jan. "" —B & B— The Activities Bureau is certainly playing cupid. Dixie Howe, Sigma Chi (again they make the column), frequents the corner of Fourth and Waldron because of both Eappa, Bette Anne Carr, and Alpha Chi Omego, Jane Ballard. And malicious rumors are afloat that Jean Anne RuflFner, Alpha Chi, is the reason Tom Baldwin, Phi Psi, is combing his hair these days. —B & B— Speaking of Phi Psis—^what is
this the Phi Delts and Phi Psis are going to pull off next Saturday at the Mixer? —B & B— George Landers goes to an awful lot of trouble to tease Pat Lackamp, brand new Kappa initiate. Is Landers looking out for the interests of his Sig Ep brothers or his own? —^B & B— Introductions over the telephone are now in order over at the Theta house. SAE, Mark Hewlett was so impressed with a glimpse of Evelyn Gullion that he couldn’t wait to meet her in person. They had their “pleasedtomeetchas” via the wires. A coke date was the result and after that one came more! (dates) —B & B— Here’s one from “Northeastern News”: No Gag To ape the stag. Every hag Takes a drag Upon R fag. —B & B— Marge Craig, Chi O, is reported to have hit the jackpot—a pin AND a diamond! Both are from Indiana. How’s the commuting. Marge? —B & B— For any information regarding the Sweet Shop, please see Jane Robinson, new Pi Beta Phi initiate. She must be taking advantage of the absence of pledge rules now. —B & B— Scoop! A bill of $2.00 for a fold-
ing baby buggy was received by the Metallurgical Eng. class. Why? ? ? —B & B— Is it true that Doug McDaniels has his Phi Delt pin on a freshman girl? And did you know that Dan Hayne hung pin (SAE) on WRH Marvel Hayes? —B & B— That Southern gentleman that Sue Condit is holding hands with lately is really some stuff. How about it, McNulty? —B & B— I’ve heard that Art Bitzer used to sit on the top shelf at Southworth’s during book rush jtist to keep his eye on Roberta Craig. Last but definitely not least—• Who is the blond, SAE man Fletcher has been seen with lately ? Bonnie ? Yes or no—^pay your money and take your pick.
Andrew Mellon’s $760,000 mansion and seven acres of land have been given to Pennsylvania College for Women, whose nine-acre campus adjoins the Mellon estate in Pittsburgh’s fashionable East end.
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
A Riotous Rampage of Football and Femmes I
Bere Comes thjg
A Hilarious Love and Laugh Lark! —WITH — MISCHA AUER SHIRLEY ROSS DENNIS O'KEEFE
Today - Sat.—2 Hits
CHESTER MORRIS JANE WYATT CHAS. BICKFORD in ^girlfrom OOP'S CPU PLUS—2ND FEATURE ROY ROGERS in "COLORADO"
TODAY —SATURDAY ALL NEW thrills of ^romance/ drama, laughs and excitement!
ft#! Sits
5 BIG DAYS
Starts TOMORROW
TYRONE POWER • DAKNELl BRIAN DONLEVY-JANE DARWELL-JOHN CARRADINE • MARY ASTOR • VINCENT PRICE • JEAN ROGERS • ANN TODD wDEANJAGGER BdahunYounf ■ LAST TIMES TODAY — UK
with DICK fORAN-PCGGY MORAN
Fall Retreat
... of the Purdue Christian Foundation will be held tomorrow at Camp Tecumseh. All members of the foundatibn, especially new students, are urged to attend. IM Schedules
SOFTBALL Friday, October 4 H-1 vs. H-4. A-1 vs. A-4. B-1 vs. B-4. B-1 vs. B-4. C-1 vs. 0-4. D-1 vs. D-4. E-1 vs. E-4. F-1 vs. F-4. S-1 vs. S-4. H-2 vs. H-8. A-2 vs. A-8. B-2 vs. B-8. C-2 vs. C-8. D-2 vs. D-3. E-2 vs. E-8. F-2 vs. F-8. S-2 vs. S-8. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
TENNIS Friday, October 4 W. L. Vaughn vs. Collins. Armstrong vs. Stettner. Van Camp vcs. May. Schwelg vs. Cohen or Llchtenberg.
ALL CAMPUS GOLF Friday, October 4 Championship Flight (Must be played by Oct. 6) Shead vs. Evers. R C. Jones or O. Lee vs. B. Dixon or Gossett. Dittmer or L. B. Hoffman vs. Seabright Ainsworth vs. R. P Green or Peppier. A Plight Bennett vs. F. C. Richardson. Rune or Weglinskl vs. J. Coombs or D. Campbell. Hawk vs. W Shelby or J. Sells. McQuillan vs Hufstater B Flight Benna vs J Smalley or J Stigleman. Lange vs. E. Johnson'or D Hendrickson Reese vs Krauser. Douglass vs. Laddon.
Notices
No nottcM McelTad after 6 p. m. Plying Club: All members who are planning to attend the picnic Friday, October 4, must pay 76 cents. Bring it to me at 850 Sylvia anytihie in the morning, or at the Sweet Shop from 4 to 6:80 p. m. —KIMBALI..
All Freshmen: All freshmen who wish to try for the freshman basketball squad will report daily this week from 3 :16 to 6 p. m. to Coach Lambert in the Fieldhouse. —LAMBERT.
All Organizations: Clubs and organizations wishing to use rooms in the Union Building for monthly, semi-monthly, or weekly meetings, etc., .should notify the Student Union office shortly as to the days and times desired. —CLARK. 10-4
WAA Fencing: Fencing practice will be held for everyone at 4 o’clock on Tuesday and Friday afternoons. —^McFARLAND.
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 76 m.m. gun. Voluntary squads consisting of Executive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Gunner, and six Cannoneers, all sophomores^. Squads organized by juniors. Applications must be filed with Lt. Col. White or Lt. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9. —WHITE.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, October 6, by schools as follows: Those whose names begin with A-E, Civil Engineering Bldg., room 201; F-K, Michael Golden Shops, room 101; L-R, Electrical Engineering Bldg., room 264; S-Z, Electrical Engineering Bldg., room 129. —KNAPP.
Glider Club: Work session Friday afternoon, October 4, 8 to 6 p, m at Glider
— AND-> 'LITTLE ORVIE' — WITH — JOHN SHEFFIELD DOROTHY TREE
club garage behind Tucker’s gas station. All out please. Regular meeting Thursday, October 8, 7 p m., room 828 of Union. —SMITH.
p. m., Monday, October 7, in room 808 of the Union. Pledges Will appear at 7:46 sharp. Full attendance expected. —BOHLIN.
Cosmopolitan CInb: Important meeting of all members and friends Friday, October 4, at 4:80 p. m. iri room 804 of the Union. —CORTISSOZ.
All Bicyclists: Purdue Wheelmen ride on Sunday, October 6, at 2:80 p. m. Meet in front of the Executive Building. Bring 80 cents for picnic lunch. —VANDERBILT. WAA Tennis: All third round matches must be played off by Tuesday, October 8. —EMHOFF.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meet 126 Chauncey, West Lafayette, at 1 p. m., Saturday, October 6, for trip to Camp Tecumseh, where annual fall retreat will be held. Transportation furnished; there will be a small charge to cover travel and eating expenses. —HUNTER.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —KIEGLE.
Classified
Ads
'V
Pnrdue Aeromodelera: There will not be a meeting this Friday night, October 4. The next meeting will be October 11, room 267, at 7:80 p. m. —OBORAKI. Presbyterian Church: Party scheduled at
FOR SALE
the University Presbyterian Church for Friday night will be held Saturday night, 7 :80 p. m. —THOMAS.
Tntewritm «ad ■dding auM^w. new and need, for eale^ rent and r«aired. All makes of portable typewriten, $29.76 to 969JiO. Office anppUee. Miiqeofpniph and mnltigraph week. C. F. Bbenboff, 606 Main St. Phone 2770. —4a
/
All Sophomore Men: Those interested in trying out for sophomore debate manager report to room 308, University Hall, at 4 p. m. Monday, October 7th. —HULTGREN.
Bnaa-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Lost: Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin somewhere on the campus. Gail Adams, 3301. Reward.
All Freshmen; Freshmen Interested in working on the Scrivener staff contact Ruth Dray qt 2670 or report to Scrivener office, room 308, in the Union, Saturday afternoon. —REIGLE.
Room for rent: % of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower, stoker heat. 134 Andrew Place.
Military Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting Monday, October 7, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —MEESE.
One or two stndents to share apartment with two others. Cooking privileges. Phone 7242.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Saturday, October 6, at 1 ;16 p. m. in the Pi Beta Phi house. Important. —HITE.
FOR SALE—A bargain good ’31 HarleyDavidson Motorcycle. Phone 3810.
Phone
Lost: Phi Gam fraternity pm 7410. Reward.
Roger Williams Club: There will be a hamburger fry and discussion led by Lawrence Wiles at 6 p. m. Sunday, October 6. Meet at church. Price 10c. —BOYER.
Lost: Theta crest ring; yellow gold with ring of pearls; in Union, near ballroom; reward. Notify Jane Winterrowd, ph. 6081.
Reamer Club: Important meeting at 7:16
Lost: Glasses in brown case between University and W. R. H. South. Reward. Call 2941.
HEADQUARTERS FOR CAMPUS WEAR
HEADQUARTERS FOR CAMPUS WEAR
THE ABOVE CAMPUS COAT IN WOOL AND RAYON $3.45 and $3.95
Cord Coats Leather Coats Sport Slox Sport Shirts
Raincoats $3.95 up
$5.95 to $8.95 Top-coats ... $4.95 to $18.50 Suits . $2.45 to $7.95 Hats ... $1.50 to $2.95 Shirts
fioqsJidu. EAST SIDE SQUARE
$16.50 to $35 $19.50 to $35 . $2.95 to $5 $1.65 to $2.00
Reversibles $12.95-$18.50
Nickel Fare Gets You There^^ I Attractive Busses Convenient Dependable Eeonomieal LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO., Inc.
YES—YOU CAN VOTE!
ir
YOU WILL BE OF AGE ON OR BEFORE NOV. 5,1940 YOU WERE IN PURDUE LAST SPRING YOU ARE PROPERLY REGISTERED IN THIS COUNTY.
'Those Registered In Home County Can Re-Register Here and Cancel Original Registration at Home
WHERE TO REGISTER COUNTY CLERK—^Room 222, Court House TREASURER’S OFFICE—Over Fire Station—West Side WILLKIE CLUB—^Fowler Hotel—^Daily Except Sunday 8;30 a. m. to 9:30 p. m.
Register NOW as October 7th Is the LAST DAY PIJRDVE WILLKIE CLVB
FOWLER HOTEL
Branch of Willkie Club of 'Tippecanoe County
Phone 3880
*%
A)
f
t> 'i In
i '(
% M
^ i
* ^
Hi
IMHI
lHiiilBI<• ’ > ^ S r > ’,^!-,;^C.U^i_4iv,i»s. 0 ^
7 ,..• ;. *'(-
V
Friday, October 4, 1940
PUBDOE EXPOKEMT
V <#
Boilermaker Cross-Country Squad Opens Season Today; Meet With Indiana Thinlies Purdue Riveters will compete with the Hoosiers from Indiana U. in their inaugural performance of this season’s crosscountry. The squads consisting of seven runners from each school will leave the stadium at 4:16 this aftemdon and will compete in a three and one-half mile jaunt which wjll terminate approximately in 18V^ to 22 minutes. The winning score will be determined by the first five to return. Purdue Riveters will compete , -.i ■ n
' with the Hoosiers from Indiana U. in their inaugural performance of this season’s cross-country. The squads consisting of seven runners from each school will leave the stadium at 4:16 this afternoon and will compete in a three and onehalf mile jaunt which will terminate approximately in 18% to 22 minutes. The winning score will be determined by the first five to return. Encouragement, along the course in the form of rousing cheers and especially at the finish, may inspire the Boilermakers to victory. The harriers, leaving the main gate, will dash out past Cary Hall to circle the intramural field, cut across the practice golf course, down through the housing campus to the golf course. After % miles of steep hill, they will run parallel to the Morehouse road and down through the housing campus again, then through a thick woods on their return to the stadium. No Prediction Herman Phillip’s runners will battle vehemently to overcome the
tough competition of Cpach Hayes’ troupe, which has been producing teams of national prominence for several years. The outcome cannot be predicted since this is the first meet of the season. Purdue is depending upon Holderman, their ace runner, to produce a first' rate performance in competition with Tolliver, I. U. star. \ Captain Holderman, Boilermaker mainstay, defeated Ed Tolliver by a mere few inches last year in the state conference competition, but if Hedges of Indiana is in good, condition, he may top both of them. The real chances for a Gold and Black victory depends upon Sophomores Appelton and Roach. The Riveters also include Schulman, junior; Reeves, junior; and Campbell Kane, e.j.r.
Broadcast
. . •»• of the Ohio State football game will be made over WBAA at 12:56 p. m. tomorrow.
FRANK'S PLACE For the Best in SHORT ORDERS 111 Northwestern Ave.
Uojul ^aiinq. IjJsdLl Good Wholesome Food Is Essential for the Active Mind / • ECONOMICAL • SPOTLESSLY CLEAlSf V • PLEASANT • FAST SERVICE We Are Speaking of THE CAFETERIA on the First Floor of JhsL fiWvdwL ITlsunifdixL Unjum. . ■ \ The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Boilermakers Journey To Ohio Stale
Seniors And Juniors To Start InLineup; Sophomores Also To Appear In Contest
Reds Even Series As Walters Whips Rowe, Tigers, 5-3 Cincinnati fans have been waiting patiently for twenty-one years for something to cheer about during the World Series games. Yesterday they got their wish as the Reds polished off the Detroit Tigers, 6 to 3, in the second game of their series. This is the first World Series game since 1919 that Cincinnati has not been defeated. It was Bucky Walters that went out and toyed with Detroit yesterday before a partisan crowd of 30,640 rabjd baseball fans. When the smoke of the battle had cleared away, the former third baseman had not only pitched a three-hitter, but had come up with his first. World Series’ victory against two
defeats.
Rowe Chased “Schoolboy” Rowe started on the mound for the Tigers, but was taken out after allowing the Reds to make five runs and all but one of their nine hits. Johnny Corsica relieved the lanky pitcher in the fourth and from then on Cincinnati didn’t even put up a fight. Corsica faced only fifteen men during his four and two-thirds innings, and the first thirteen were retired in order. Jimmy Wilson finally broke the spell by smashing a hit off of third baseman Pink Higgins’ glove i|i the eighth inning. The Tigers started the scoring festivities in the first frame by scoring two runs on two walks and a hit. Bartell and McCosky drew free transportation to first base, and Bartell scored oh Gehringer’s single to left. McCoskey followed him across the plate a minute later while Greenberg was hitting into a double play. Reds Rally The Reds waited until the second inning before getting things under way. They then proceeded to get two men across the plate on four singles and a walk. Not content with a tie, the Reds again had an uprising in the third and garnered two more tallies on a bunt by Goodman and a home run by Ripple.
D
ames
By MARY KAY You men asked for it so I will try to bring to you a complete description of just what our football team will be wearing on their trip to Ohio State this week-end. The fashions I saw at the pep session will scoop Esquire by months. —DD— Let’s give Doc.' Miller a plug, after all he helps keep the team on its feet. Doc was wearing a navy blue pin stripe suit,, with a white shirt and a red, white, and blue tie. Nice dressin’ Doc. / —DD— Captain Dave Rankin came striding through the coaches in a green suit combined with a red tie and topped by a deep tan hat. . . . Bill Neff wore a light brown tweed suit with a red tie (red must mean something to \ the team—maybe it makes them fightin’ mad like bulls.) —DD— Tweeds w^re very much in evidence, with brown leading the color parade. Sport coats and shirts seemed to be favorites ■ with the team while some stuck to their old comfortable sweaters. —DD— Ti^iey didn’t have transparent luggage but we can imagine. When the boys retire tonight (at an early hour if Mai has anything to do with it) they will be wearing various styles of pajamas in plains, plaids and prints in colors of every hjie. —DD— I can’t really, quote Mai on just what the boys will wear tomorrow when they dash out on the field. (It seems they have to hold up their decision until the Ohio team makes up its mind). Perhaps they will wear their black shirts and again it may be their white shirts with their gold “jockey” satin pants and black and white striped knee sox. No matter which they choose, they will look plenty keen. —DD— In those uniforms, the Boilermakers will sweep the Buckeyes off their feet (at least the gals).
The UNIVERSITY 95.00 Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a feltbindingofcontrasting color. • • -• Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. U. S. PATENT OFFICE
^sd&Jts/iL are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette' and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your I new FALL HAT.
Sent away froni Lafayette last night by a cheering throng of several thousand Boilermaker fans, the Riveter gridiron forces entrained for Columbus where they are to meet OhitiT State’s highly touted Buckeyes in the Big Ten opener. Thirtysix men made the trip, accompanied by two senior managers. Trainer Lou Mann, and coaches Taube, Mackey and Mai Elward. Sent away from Lafayette last .
night by a cheering throng of several thousand Boilermaker fans, the Riveter gridiron forces entrained for Columbus where they are to meet Ohio State’s highly touted Buckeyes in the Big Ten opener. Thirty-six men made the trip, accompanied by two senior managers. Trainer Lou Mann, and coaches Taube, Mackey and Mai Elward. The Boilermakers, who started their season with a 28 to 0 victory over the Butler eleven last Saturday, are fully awarq that the Buck-
'Buckin' Buckeye
Jim Langhorst whose plunging is one of the many reasons why Mai Elward’s Boilermaker gridmen have 'been concentrating on defense lately. Jim is captain of the Scarlet and Gray squad that will play host to the Riveters on Saturday.
Over 4,000 students who normally eat in the residence halls, fraternities, or sororities' throughout the week are released to the commercial eating establishments of West Lafayette on Sunday evenings.
eye defending champions have a material edge in experience, but are none the less hopeful that a speedy attack, with emphasis on forward passes, may accomplish an upset similar to the one two years ago. Short Work Out The team will stop at Columbus this morning for a short work out at the stadium, after which they will proceed to Magnetic Springs, located about thirty miles northeast of Columbus, where they will practice on the high school field. They will leave for the tilt at 11:15 a. m. tomorrow morning. Coach Schmidt, Ohio coach, has been holding double drills this week to perfect his razzle-dazzle type of play. This style includes variations of the Notre Dame single wingback. Pop Warner’s double wingback, the short punt formation and a modification of the double wingback. The sports writers of the middle west are picking this team, as the potential conference champion and perhaps of the country. Coach Mai Elward announced just before leaving that he will stick to the same senior and junior lineup that opened the Butler game, while the host of sophomores are scheduled to see plenty of action later in the game. These Travel The complete list of Boilermakers who made the trip follows: ENDS—^William Combs, LaVem King, Forrest McCaffry, Capt. David Rankin, James Rush, William Shimer, Forrest Sprowl. TACKLES —Clarence Kjellberg, William Neff, A1 Rossi, Italo Rossi, Pete Timperman, Bruce Warren. GUARDS—John Brown, Joe Hillenbrand, Tom Melton, James Miller, John Vecs, Jack Winchell. CENTERS—Ted Ax ton, Alex Leugo, Warner VanAken. QUARTERBACKS—James' Cary, Robert Kersey, Vincent Snyder. HALFBACKS — Paul Anderson, Tony Berto, Bryan Brock, Mike Byelene, Marion Carter, Walter Cook, John Galvin. FULLBACKS—William Buffiington, Frank Fijala, John Petty, Harold Schumacher. m.k.m.
ICE CREAM ^ Pints 15c — 2 for 25c
DAD'S PLACE So Handr
'
JUST/YOUR lUaK . . .
East side, west side, all around the town you'll btt seeing this dressy suede addition to our popular TYLESS family. These are the soft little shoes wHh the zipper dosure insteod of laces and a vranderhil patented self-adjusting gore arrangement over the instep that makes them fit like your skin.
SHOE SALON Second Floorfiwv'::,,:'*#■:■
'/, y
ik
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 4, 1940
Nine YWCA Members To Attend Conference Nine university YWCA cabinet members and Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty adviser, will attend the YWCA cabinet training conference to be held at Butler University at Indianapolis today and tomorrow. Universities and colleges in the state will be represented at this area conference. During the conference, time will be spent in discussion groups and in listening to speakers. YWCA membership drive is being held throughout this week and next, ending Thursday, October 10. Dues may be paid and membership cards obtained for one dollar from cabinet members in the YWCA office in the Union any afternoon after 4 o’clock. The membership drive will be climaxed Friday, October 11, with a candle lighting service open to all members, a.c. Wesley Foundation Sponsors Classes Courses in Bible, Worship, World Peace, and Science and Religion will be given in a school of religion sponsored by the Wesley Foundation to begin Sunday, October 6. Classes vdll be held at 9:30 a. m. and 6:30 p. m. each Sunday at the West Lafayette Methodist church. Morning periods will include courses in “The Letters of St. Paul” by Professor J. T. Gunn and “The Conflict of Science with Religion” by Professor C. L. Porter. Professor Merritt Webster will give a course on “World Peace,” Dr. G. H. Graves will teach “The Life of Jesus,” and Mrs. William McFadden ■will conduct a class in “The Technique of Worship Services” at the evening hours. An interesting contribution will be made by Rev. McFadden who will conduct an open forum on religious questions in the evening. A certificate will be given at the end of the month to those students who attend regularly which will apply on a diploma of religious education. m.m.
CHILDREN GO THROUGH AN AWKWARD STAGE . .. With Correct Dance Training This Period Will be Shortened ENROLL SAT., OCT. 5tli BALLET AND TAP CLASSES THROUGHOUT THE DAY Ballroom Class — 6:30 P. M. Age 10-12 Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
College girls and budding careerists find The Barbizon Mode of Living stimulates greater achievement. Its socially correct address and environment, its cultural advantages are conducive to success. Home of college clubs. Daily recitals and lectures, music studios with Steinway grands. Library, art studios and gallery, sun deck, terraces, squash courts and swimming pool. Convenient to business centers, fashionable shops, museums and theatres. 700 rooms each with a radio. fro® $2.50 per day ^ ^ “■ from $12 per week • W'fj^e for descriptive booklet C
Co-ed Edition
Big day, but mostly big night for the coeds yesterday when all of us walked into the Exponent office and donner the pants of the organization for the night. Well, luck went well with us and copy flew in thick and fast. It’s right, we hope—^at least we think so now. Wait till today when angry rumors start floating around. No razz, real stuff—it’s a coed paper with campus wide news. You eds can read it too. In fact, we like wearing the pants. W. E. Fleming Speaks On Free Press To Kiwanis Democracy and freedom of the press are closely linked, according to Wray E. Fleming, manager and genei’al counsel of the Hoosier State Press Association, who spoke to the Lafayette Kiwanis club yesterday noon. He said that freedom of the press is the first line of defense for the continuation of democracy and that there is not a free newspaper in all of Europe today. The address was a highlight in the observance of National Newspaper Week by the Lafayette Kiwanis club, which joined other Kiwanis clubs throughout North America in recognizing newspapers, a.c.
GLASSES BROKEN? Don't let it get you down . . . just bring in the pieces andean exact duplicate will be ground for you . . k ctnd most likely it will be ready for you the same day. Dr. A. Jr. OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St.
allSH-UKIlT”, a.w«,lE01li r TYLE C-5052 (C stands Cl for "Chic”) — inspired by *JUDY GARLAND, who never fails to make a hit in a "Tish-U-Knit." Smoothtoned Zephyr gets, a lively "ribbing" in this Sweater, which is designed to keep you winsome as well as warm in class, on the campus, at play, at leisure — virtually anytime, anywherel.. .Only $2^® — at shops that have what it takes to keep you well-groomed . . . Write for Style Booklet "C." ★ Star —Now Appoaring tn •’STRIKE UP THE lAND" OLYMPIC 1$72 RROADWAY; new YORK OTY
Last night for the first time this semester, the Exponent coed staff took complete charge of the office and all the responsibilities involved in putting out a paper. Coeds assigned stories for today’s paper, covered and wrote all the campus news, wrote columns, read proof, planned the makeup, and finally in the wee hours of the morning “put the paper to bed." It was, in a small way, the answer to a challenge that recently has become a pertinent question, “Can the women of our country do their part ?" Previously, it has been customary for^ coed editions to appear at times when events that primarily concerned the feminine contingent on the campus were uppermost in the mind of the student body. Important coed bid dances and coed organization elections have always been occasions for these editions. ^ Today, however, we have taken advantage of an opportunity to give a preview of the most outstanding happenings relating to coed activity this semester along with the regular news. Stories of the results of the election of the freshmen WSGA representatives, a feature reminding both eds and coeds of the most popular coed bid dance of the year, complete information on coed rush which begins next week, and plans for the Vocational Guidance Conference for Women which will be held here in November all appear on the front page of today’s paper. All of these events wii^^l affect in some manner or another most of the coeds on the campus. To the two freshmen women who are now representatives on the WSGA bodrd,"^ we extend our sincere congratulations. Whether or not the members of the freshmen coed choose to affiliate themselves with the Greek organizations on the campus, and the ones which they do choose will be a large factor in the remainder of their college careers. The Vocational Guidance Conference which has been planned especially this year to help the Purdue womeni decide on their future work after school is over, is an opportunity that should not be overlooked, b.a.s.
RUTH and HINKS 331 Northwestern Ave. COUNTRY FRIED CHICKEN TUESDAY-THURSDAY NIGHTS ATTENTION —CARY HALL The Pur-Dude Ranch Across from the Field House WE DELIVER —PHONE 2625
Of course you'll be going formal ... to countless events on the Fall's and Winter's calendar. So you'll want something especially enchantirig in the way of a new eveningj gown proudly hanging in ypur wardrobe . . . ready to step out at a moment's notice. Your taste will surely approve our wide selection of Formals. Prices start at $7.95 and graduate upward to $45.00.
Forensic Board Caijs World,Communion
For Debate Managers
All sophomore men interested in trying out as sophomore debate managers should report at 4 p. m. in the debate office, room 308, University Hall, on Monday, October 7. Forensic Board sponsor all speech activities on the campus and the work of Managers consists mainly of the administration of the Beveridge Speech, Contest for freshmen, the Hanley Speech Contest for engineers, the All-Campus Discussion Tournament,' and the High School Debate Conference. Other activities of workers will include -visiting organizations, telephoning, and typing.
Y^ill be realized in churches
throughout the world this Sunday, October 6. All Lafayette and West Lafayette churches will hold comInunion during the morning worship service on this day. Every student is welcomed by these churChes to join in the service, regardless of whether he is connected with any of the religious groups on the camp-
us or not. .
Keys are awarded to men showing merit in their work. Two men are chosen as junior debate managers, one is chosen junior publicity manager, and from these one senior debate manager and one senior publicity manager are chosen. m.f.
SAVE 54 TO 104 PER POUND ON COFFEE AND 6ET BETTER COFFEE
PEP-UP-CUP COFFEE 2^23^ UBRARYC0ff££..'±.l5f UNlVEmYCO££££\\>. 2lc
VAC. PACKED TINS
PIGGLYi WIGCUH:
Deac Says: We Sell Hundreds of Them They Are O. K. H. G. REISNER, BOOK STORE
l{ slide rules ^et aty better » ^ wont need BrafhG trore
DON HEROLD WOULDNT FOOL YOU... READ HIS FASCINATING HOOK ‘‘How to Choose a Slide Rule’’ Don Herold, the champion explainer of all times, has taken the mystery out of Slide Rules forever. This new booklet tells you hoy to choose the kind of Slide Rule that will help you most, before , yon can bat an eye. It is profusely illustrated in two dazzling colors and more fun to read than anything. Don’t even buy a laundry case until you get this new book 1 "How to Choose a Slide Rule” is free—if you ask for it nicely. See your campus K & E dealer
at once.
IT’S HUMOROUS . . IT’S HELPFUL . . IT’S FREE
BST. iae7 KEUFFEL & ESSER CO. NEW YORK—HOBOKEN, N. J.
Get Your Keuffel fir Esser Slide Rules at University Book Store Across from the Union — Next to i^e College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Samians, ’29 R. W. *“Doc” Epple, ’40
4 -S' i
y I