{ \
wr
IH
/. /
WEEK-END FEATURES Many Contests In Wrest!ing> Swimming, Basketball
Established 1889
EDITORIAL BELIEVES The Undergraduates Are Getting A Raw Deaf
Volume 55, No. 75
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, January 22, 1943
Lochner To Speak Exponent Will
New Staff
, Editorial Staff Will Hold Callout For Frosh,
Speaker To Talk About Nazi Regime's Ascension To Power Until Germany declared war on the United States, Louis P. Lochner was head of the Associated Press Bureau in Berlin. Tonight he will speak in the Music Hall, beginning at 7:30, on the subject, “What About Gei'hiany ?” He will be the guest of the History, Government and Economics Department at a pre-convocation dinner to be held in the Union. After the convoca-
tion a reception will be held in the West Faculty Lounge. The
public is invited.
For the past five years Lochner kept a day-by-day diary. Before that he was in the habit of sending out exhaustive round-robin letters to friends and relatives in this country. Lochner was also able to get his diary out of Germany and
Sound Cd11 ®Allen Will Start
Members
Soph Workers Today At 4:15 In Union
Callout For WBAA Workers Will Be Held Today At 4
Cords And 'Stuff' To Hightight Game Tomorrow Night
Students will have an oppor-
Attention all students who wish tb contribute a major share in reporting and editing the news of a University of over six thousand students. This opportunity is now available to either freshman or sophomore eds or coeds, and all you have to do is to attend the Exponent callout that is to be held in room 355 of the Union this
afternoon at 4:15.
The first meeting will be followed by two classes on Monday and Wed-
Navy Graduates 200 Men in Fifth
Event To Feature
\
Queens, Comedy
By Abe Bott
Senior derbies will fly high, wide nesday of next week, at which time
The command, “fall in”” and yfew more men dashed from the
valuable papers tunity to become WBAA workers and handsome at the Riveter-Buck- the senior members of the paper'^^'^'°” joined the marching that later helped him in writing his by attending tryouts for an- eye basketball game tomorrow -^vill acquaint the new workers with 5 was makin
book, “What About Germany?”
'' ‘' Exercise Corporation
To Train Cadettes In Engineering Another “engineeidng cadette”
A. Good Receives High Grade In EE
Tickets Will Remain On Sale In Front Of Sweet Shop At Regular Mixer Prices Tickets will still be on sale for the Union Mixer, featuring Bob Allen’s orchestra, this afternoon in front of the Sweet Shop for $1.10, the usual price for the Mixers. This high priced band, at Mixer prices will be the lead-off for the Cord Week
activities.
Don’t worry about the convocation interferring with the dance. The convo will start in the Music Hall promptly at
7:30 p. m., whereas the dance will not begin until 8:30 p. m.
in the Union.
Because Bob Allen was the vocalist with Hal Kemp’s or-' chestra for eight years, the style of his band leans heavily on his singing personality. However,
Bob Allen
one progi-am to train young women for
nouncers, dramatic parts, and script night, but there will be no cord th^ Erponrnt" stvlI”studen^^ of its last treks across the campus, jobs in industry was announced to-
One Of Best Correspondents writers today at- 4 p. m. in the parade because of the limited facil- ^an not come to the meeting today, Lochner is one of the Associated smaller audience studio at the ities in the Pieldhouse. The evening however, are urged to attend the Press’ best correspondents and it Music Hall. will, however, be just as colorful classes. Was through his efforts that the AP No previous training is necess- as the regular cord parades during Established In 1889 was also to get such sensational ary, and students with good basic the football season. 'Phe Exponent was established in news beats as an exclusive inter- vocal qualities can be trained under xhe game, which is sure to be a 1889 and has continued since then view with von Hindenburg in 1925 the supervision of regular WBAA thriller, will be augmented by vari- as a spokesman of the student
when he was a presidential candi- staff members. Script writers will date; the authentic story of Mar- have an opportunity to write spot shal Pilsudski’s coup d’etat in V^ar- announcements, general musical saw in 1926, and many interviews shows, and dramatic programs, with the late Kaiser Wilhelm of Radio Stage Tryouts
Germany.
■■ In 1932 Lochner was granted an exclusive interview with the new political upstart, Hitler. This contact led to one of’the frankest in-
terviews ever given by Hitler as jounced
Fuehrer in 1934. Lochner also was able to give a great deal of information on the inside story of the declaration of war by Germany on the United States before he and his family were moved to a concentra-
tion camp.
Lochner was three days later moved to a hotel in which other newsmen and diplomats were living, While he was restricted to this hotel he organized the residents into a regular society and conducted many events that helped entertain the interned diplomats and news-
man.
Yes, it was graduation night for day by Prof. C. W. Beese, director the seamen at the University. of war training at the University. Over 200 men enjoyed a dinner Eighty girls employed by the Radio given by the Navy in the Union Corporation of America, Victor Diballroom at 6 o’clock and then vision, of Camden, N. J., will start marched to the Music Hall where a special 10 month training prothe program began at 7:45. A1 gram on the campus, about May 1, Stewart led the audience and the to prepare them for radio and elec-
fifth graduating class in, the sing- tronic work.
ing of “America.” ■ The Curtiss-Wright Engineering Company Commander Ensign Cadette program will start Feb-
orw -D 1 -11 ur 1 i i 1 J Whiteemore addressed the sailors ruai’y 16, when 115 girls arrive
SDX Rassel fame, will put on a Work starts on the paper about \ -a j l. n,- nVln/.!.- /.if,/ /./ii_ Presided throughout the pro- to enroll as special students for a
gram. Professor C. W. Beese, Di- 10 month course. The University is rector of War Training, spoke to one of eight schools participatin;
ous comedy acts. The cheer leaders body. It has been published Conor some other talent people will put tinually since its beginning except on a slap-act, and the Royal for a short period during the World
Swedish Refugee Drum Corps, of War.
Tryouts for “Radio Stage,” the superb music show that will by far four o’clock when the three city edioldest continuous program on surpass its presentation at the Ras- tors arrive to take over the copy
WBAA, will also be held today at sel.
4^p. m. in the Music Hall stuccos. High And Mighty Seniors diiector Becky Ann Pervinc has an- Senior being the most important Students who feel that personages at the game will be in-
and then the keys of the typewriters start to hum as the copy
they may have dramatic talent are fp^viewed on variom snbiects ond ^^cross the desk, urged to attend these tryouts. jt jg fgit that their worldly wisdom 4:30
Other .special talent auditions will should be of much benefit to the
be held later for those with vocal
future seniors on the campus. There
and musical ability. Programs is- ^yjjj he special prizes awarded to come out with the general idea
suing .such callouts will be drama- the .s tized News, the WBAA Barn Dance, the Sports Review, and special
events.
The crowning moment of the eve-
desk. Workers generally begin to .. . , . i ^ , . , r • f graduates on behalf of the staff, in the Curtiss-Wright program, the show up a few minutes after four , . , j ^ ■ , , ,, , . „ L. „
which conducted their classes dur- others being Cornell, Iowa State, ing the 16-week course. He compli- University of Minnesota, Univermented the group on its -good sity of Texas, and Pennsylvania
scholastic standing and wished all State College,
the best of luck. Recently assigned Women To Assist Engineers Commander Hugh J. Bartley Women are being recruited from awarded certificates to the men and colleges in every part of the counreminded them of the wonderful ac- try for this training program. They commodations which they had re- will be trained not to replace engiceived at the University. neers, but to assist in the engineerProfessor D. D. Ewing, head of ing department with details which
editors hold a conference with them
as to what is to be the main story, especially if it has to do with either the University or an official govern-
ning-, besides winning the game, . .
,p. , . . , . „ p m presentation of the the Electrical Engineering Depart- take much of the engineer’s time. Those who wish to follow the field beauty queens, all seniors. The the day editor have already arrived addressed the seamen, tell- The cadettes will be assigned spe-
“judging board” after much delib- set up house m a loom cifically to engineering drawing, eration has handed down the de- ^ ^ ® ^ ® • bad ahead. He said, “You’ve been with some work as computors, test- , , , , , cision that the following girls will Stories Ruu uauntlet ^ task force and you’ve been sent ing, design changers, and techviews can be scheduled by calling be the beauties of the ball: Ginnie Stories that have been checked a job and you’ve done that nicians „ , MacDonald, Dottie Cornthwaite, by the city editors are relayed to job well.” The course of study for Curtiss-
The steamship Drottningholm f t Sallie Beall, Lucy Cheminade, Bun- the night editor s office whose job jg ^he custom, special awards Wright cadettes, as announced to-
. _ _ , , . /. . . such held this mester. In order to Edwards, Pat Stenberg, and it is to give the story the final check
of radio broadcasting are invited to confer with Gilbert D. Williams, station director at WBAA. Inter-
brought Lochner and his friends home in December, 1941, in an exchange for diplomats and newsmen. Freshman Engineers All January^ ireshmen Engineers who have not had their personal interview must report to the personnel office immediately.
—GRAY
become a WBAA staff member, stu-
dents must pass these tests. Prof. O. G. Lloyd . . . head of the University Agri-
cultural Economics Department, was in Chicago January 18 to attend the Land Tenure meeting spon-
sored by Farm Foundation.
presented for outstanding day, includes: engineering mathe-
. . . and his orchestra will play for the mixer in the Union tonight. the vocalist who will probably command most of the attention is Lynn Gardner, a brunette from Union City, N. J. Early Education In Ohio Bob’s rise to success has not been the easy one. He received his early education in rural schools in Ohio, finishing with some training in a music conservatory in Cincinnati. He discovered that it required time to obtain recognition as a singer, so he earned his living as a soda clerk
Mable Vaughn. and place a head upon it. The stories scholastic work. Ensign Whitte- matics, job terminology,’aircraft f.""
Special Awards then return to the city desk where announced that Albert Good, drawing and standards, mechanics,' f^^id arranged an audiUon for him
Say did you hear that a special some worker is told to put a fitting Ogtroit, Michigan, set a new record properties and testing of aircraft surprise is awaiting each and every head upon it. ^-bg course of electrical theory, materials, theory of flight, strength senior who attends wearing his yel- About six the staff begins to thin jjg ^-eceived a perfect grade of 4.0 of materials and structural analy-
low cords. This prize will be loved out, but a few of the industrious ^.^is course and made a 3.9 aver- sis. and cherished by the seniors as long workers remain around to finish up ^ge for four courses. William J. To Be Housed At WRH
as they live and is sure to bring tbe majority of the copy. Laying Hight, Vienna, 111., received a spe- The girls will attend classes 40 back fond remembrances of their out of the various pages takes place gj^j award as the most deserving hours a week for 44 weeks, with no
happy college daze.
Ben liked Bob and offered to take him to Chicago and introduce him to radio executives and other band
leaders. “ Started Career In Chicago
Bob bought a round-trip ticket to
Great Station! No Commercials! . . Letters From Avid Listeners Prove WBAA^s Real Value
■ around seven or eight and by that student. The program was con- vacations. They will be housed in Chicago and started his musical catime the most of the rush stories g]uded with the singing of “The the women’s residence halls, and reer with that. He still has the
will use the regular educational other half of the ticket as a sou-
Elliott Will Speak Before National AIEE
are in and last of the heads are Star-Spangled Banner.”
being written. At the completion of all this the Issue Editor, a sophoinoi'e or freshman worker, takes the last of the copy over to the typesetters and sets' down to proof all the copy that has been set up. Night Editor’s Job Is Long One The night editor arrives in the very near future and the job of
putting the type in the forms be- chief of the professional and tech .gins, this job ends about two or uical employment and training dithree in the morning when the issue vision of the War Manpower Corneditor has taken the wet proof and juission, will speak before the naOK s the locking up of the forms, tional technical meeting of the
The reward for all this effort is American Institute of Electrical p]aue construction,
the seeing of the paper in the morn- Engineers during their meeting to
By Buford Tribble
Growing in importance each year, still like to come home and listen Agiicultural Experiment Station at the University’s radio .station, to Professor Noss on your station.” Purdue are broadca.st directly from “WBAA, the Voice of Purdue, West A woman in Huntingburg, Indiana, there at noon daily on the Farm
Lafayette”, ii now spreading the requesting a copy of the text of a Forum. • 1 tn ir i i ri t- “ ” • ' fame of the University more than cerl^ain lecture she had heard on Housewives are served by Foods, January 25 to. 29 in New
ever before. WBAA, wrote, “It was the best Facts, and Fancies; Listen While That station break (“station iden- presentation I have ever heard of You Work; The Woman Shopper, tification” to the layman) has be- the subject.” and Parents’ Forum, come familiar to farmers, business A woman in Danville, Illinois, be- Popular With Youth
facilities of the university, includ- venior because Bernie introduced ing the shops, aeronautical labora- him to Hal Kemp, which began an tories, and research equipment at eight year span ’^•ith that, band
the University airport. They will leader.
learn how to operate all types of Upon the death of Hal Kemp, Bob industrial machinery in Michael organized his own band and began Golden shops. A teaching staff of his upward climb. His band has
President Edward C. Elliott, who 21 persons has been assigned to the been featured at leading theatres on leave from the University as pi.Qgram. and hotels, including the famous
The engineering cadette program Hotel Pennsylvania in New York for RCA will be similar except that City. All of his recordings bear the the instruction will be designed to Victor-Bluebird label,
train young women for radio and
*ovk rathe, thaa ah PgJ|.ggjj(,u |g Jgj^g
have accomplished a fine job. York City. His subject will be “ConThis is just a day in the life of a tinning Programs of Specialized newspaper writer and it is not pos- Engineeiing Education for Military sible to tell the exciting things that Industrial Services, and the
men and housewives throughout the ginning, “Dear Unknown Friend”, And for the kiddies there’s Little ® Allocation of the Technical Grad-
state in the 22 years that Umver- writes, “Thanks a million for pro- Miss Muffett. (It is no secret that sity student-announcers have in- viding a sanctuary to which one can gome students listen to her stories, toned those Words. turn in escape from the usual trash too). Little Miss Muffett gets nu“Jndiana’s first broadcasting -sta- and commercial nightmare.” “My merous cards scrawled out in large, tion” was licensed April 5, 1922, sincere thanks for a very enjoyable illegible characters, which usually only four months after the first sta- program,” writes another listener, contain the idea that “everyday I tiqn in the United States was li- “I enjoyed your concert programs listen instead of playing'.” A mothcensed. greatly. 1 couldn’t have picked out gc writes, “The story was especially Veteran Station “ better selections'myself,” said still good fbr boys and girlslof pre-school Proof that this veteran station another. And from a woman in a age, and it was exceptionally well
serves the people of Indiana comes hospital: “All your programs are told.”
from their letters. Perhaps the INe listened to your station The Dinner Hour program, pregreatest number of letters WBAA t^he bust few days.” senting classical music, has a gioup receives concern the classroom lec- One of the important services of of about 130 “patrons” who receive
turcs—requests for the times they WBAA to the state is its agricul- each month printed schedules of the sembled group of Cary Hall freshare broadcast, discussion of certain tural information and market re- compositions for the month, and nien at their first mass meeting last of the lecturer’s statements—some ports. How much farmers depend who correspond frequently with the night. He spoke on research in the titled “Skin Effect enthusiastic listeners even ask on these market reports is shown by station. Chemistry department and the ™etallic'-Conductors, what books to read or buy on the the fact that when the market quo- All kinds of letters are received workings of the Navy’s new radiolosubjects of the lectures. tations were not given during the about each program from all kinds eator. Prof. F. E. Robbins Stations Popularity Christmas holulay.s at least one of people. Which means that people George Emerson, president of A letter from a 56-yoar-old rail- farmer complained to the station, in cities and towns and farms all Cary Club, was in charge of the
Girls' Organization Place In Gyin Tonight
Holds Meeting
Mixed, recreation will be held tonight from 7:30 to 10 in the Women's Gym, according to an attnouncement received last night from Libby Baughman, president of
Adopting the name “TeeGees,”
nates.” the town girl’s organization on the
a story. The work of interviewing Several other University staff University campus will hold its „ , .. and going around on announced j^j^igmibers and graduates are on the first meeting of the new term this swomen, \v 0 sponsors e
beats also affords the worker a iji-ogram for this meeting. E. E. afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 363 ’ The first part of the evening until
chance to keep up on all the latest Q^orge, Electrical Engineering, ’13, of the Union,
news and to meet the heads of the various activities and depaitment
of the University.
Hass Addresses Cary Frosh On Research Prof. H. B. Hass addressed an as-
1 <iT J. t m /'x J.U • T ... -.4- 9 will be devoted to basketball, pmg has a paper on ‘Tntrasystem Trans- Catherine Leuty, new president , , , ,, , ,, j . . T )) 1 • 4-1. 4! • /. • T-. 14. rx J pong, shuffle board, volley ball and
mission Lo.sses ’ and is co-author of this terra, is a Delta Gamma and ^
,, /Tx T XT- • jx I jx vxir 1- 4- r>4.i other games. Ihe remainder 01 the
another paper. T. J. Higgins, for- a member of iW cabinet. Othei merly of the Electrical Engineering officers are Virginia Sellers, vicestaff, is to present a paper on president; Ruth Walker, secretary; “Formulas for the Calculation of and Electa Hammer, treasurer, the Inductance of Linear Conduct- Committee chairmen are Frances ors of Structural Shape.” Allen, activities; Barbara Sanders, Mrs. Josephine R. Webb, a 1940 social; Betty King, sports and Margraduate of the Electrical Engi- garet Baynes, publicity,
neering school, is a co-author of a
in Bi
evening will be taken up with social dancing. Theie is no admission charge, but rubber soled shoes will
be reipiired.
Book Exchange Will
^ Close Today At 5:30
Eta Kappa Nu
rr Today is absolutely the last day . . . national electiical engineer- for students to collect either theif ing honorary fraternity, announces unsold school books or get theilf the election of the following officers: money from book sales, it was a|l«
of the University Agronomy President, Arthur Peltosalo; vice nounced by the Student Book Ex«
road mechanic, written before Lt. T. by telephone, that he “could not sell over the state are listening to the meeting. The various functions of Department, will be in Indianapolis president, Paul Madquepne; record- change yesterday. The Union offiC® K. Noss left the campus for Pearl his grain and stock.” Helpful sug- “Voice pf Purdue” and are becom- the club wore outlined by the otti- January 26 to conduct a soybean ing secretary. Charles Crouse; will be open from 4 until SrSO this Harbor, says, “After spending 14 gestions to the farmer and worth- ing, consciously or unconsciously, cers and a short talk was' given by grading school at the Indiana Grain Bridge (fraternity magazine) cor- afternooi;! for the students to CODje houiis at not too pleasant work, I while news of developments at the boosters for Purdue University. G. 0. Arbuckle, director of the halls. Dealers’ Convention. <^^.^'espondent, Max Hollabaugh. and get their books or money..ij 1*1
Purdue ExponMt ■"^7 Offices: Editorial and Basinets Purdue McHnorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports,' Fieldhouse, Phone 2791 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Basiness Manoirer Nows Editor ManaRinfc Editor Sitntitr AdVertishnr Wanaxrer Spbots Editor Coeif Editor Coed Business Ksecutive
Wlltiam G. Hoskins Gerhard H. Klouman Robert W. Boswinklc Daie E. Buti Jaraes G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson ..Sally Beall A. Jano Kohn
Publication Staff Editorial SlalT * Associate Editors; B. J. Oaylor,, J'. T. Uiebardson, T. L. Tilton, W. .M. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M. i-,. Smith, C. C. Martiridell, E. Murphy. Coed’Staff: Phylli.s Mann, M.nrtlia tloe Risifts, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine AErphs. Sports’ Staff;' C. .Sowards, .T. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Srtuth,
Business Staff
Assistant AdvertisinR Manaerer: J. Filpi. , AdvertisinR Manajcers: .1, Plexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tnbb. Circulation Manairers: W. EecUtenivnld and R. Kroeplin. •Accounts Manager: Msr.y Dilts.
The Purdue Independent
Editor-in-chief..
Bert Squier
Staff For This fssuo Night Editor: Martindell Sports Editor: Sowards Day. Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Goodenough Workers: .Speck. Tribble, Gregory. Abbett, Bayiles, Jordan. Yargar, Held, Kaplan, Richard.son, Helffrich. Entered as second cldas matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act o£ Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of. postage provided for in section 110.3, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published’on Tuesday. Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for 81.75 for a semester or S3.00 for two semesters : by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters., Represented for national advertising by National Adveftising Service; Inc., College Publi,“hers .Representatives, 420' Madison Avc., New York, N. Y.
Purdud Exponent
Friday, January 22, 1943
mSIIIKSTOH
Tm . U '5 Pdt OH
GRIN AND Mar IT .. .........’i‘„ ...
By Li(
Qju, JhjL
\.
Undergraduate Unfortunafes A short time ago the University-'Adopted a plan whereby a carefully selected group of high school students could come to Purdue for a' special course after completing three-fourths of their secondary schooliiTg. The purpose of the plan was to allow these studeHtSy mostly 17 and therefore exempt from- the draft, te gain a certain amount of technical training before induction into the armed forces. The progi’am wa.s heartily endorsed by the armed forces, especially the Navy, as source of replacements for specialists and officers. The Navy even indicated that it would be of help in seeing that these young- men; speeially .selected becausie of their good records in high schootand obvious capacities for learning; were'offered the oppdrtmiity to complete as much schooling as' possible. There ure approximately 340 of these high school students on the campus now, and 200 more ai’e expected the first week in February. These people represent the best minds in the high schools of Indiana. Moreover, they represent an ideal -'-a determination on the part of the University to prevent higher education from becoming a war casualty. With selective service now taking 18 and 19 year olds, there is virtually no possibility left for students in their junior and senior high school years to gain any further education. The draft is cutting a swath through this ago group .isolating younger students from any hope of going to college, either now or after the war. It is easy to say that the.se boys will have the opportunity to return to college after the war, but ■without a substantial start to rely upon very few will come back. These students are . not dodging the draft. They have been told, as we older students have been told, that they are serving- a very real and tangible purpose by continuing their education. They are a part of the pitifully small contingent of boys and girls their age who are receiving the advanced education Which will be so vital to our post-war period. The University recognized their need and established a program to fill that need. The State Boai’d of Education also recognized the need and passed legislation so these students would receive a high school diploma after one year in the University. But the Navy ha.s forsaken them. . Most of the 340 student.s now at the University were, until recently, in the process of enlisting in the ■V-l program, making it po.ssible for them to receive further college training. Now. however, the Navy announces that it will accept no one into its V-1 program who does not have a high school doplima, completely closing the last avenue of educational advancement to this age group. The Navy’s backing-out in this situation is-, in itself, unfortunate. But the responsibility for allowing a certain number of select students to receive college education at this.time .shobld not be in the hands of any one such military organiaztion. Edueation is not something- that can be completely stopped'and continued after the war, a.s is the case with civilian luxui-y goods. The nation cannot afford to take all these young men out with the cocky assumption that the war will be over very soon. Some provision should be made immediately for outstanding students in their later high school years in order that they may receive further broad education, Fui’thennore, a plan of this nature should allow these students to go to college without the feeling that they are neglecting their patriotic duty, iThei’e are potential leaders of the world’ among these unfortunates. The nation cannot afford to regard them all as ideal cannon fodder.—w.g.h.
E. Franklin Fisher . . . has enlisted as a chief specialist in the navy physical fitness program, directed by Commander Gene Tunney. Ho formerly coached basketball at Oxford, where he served as athletic director from 1937 to 1941. During the last year, he has been a member of the Indianapolis ijoliee department, serving, as record clerk, teletype operator, and registration clerk. He, is a graduate of Central Normal College and attended the University. Ensign Charles Fuller . , . University graduate stationed now in Norfolk, Va,, entereri the service in September, 1941. as an aviation cadet. He was later ti-ansfeired to Corpus Chi'isti, Tex., then to Pensacola, Fla. After receiving his commission at Miami, he was transfei-red to Norfolk.
Roosevelt Insists On Secrecy dn Full Story Of Tokyo Raid; Canada Delays Signing Of Pact WASHINGTON^It now begins to look as if almost everyone knew about how Gen. Jimmy Doolittle bombed Tokyo' except the American people. The Japs long, ago had acce.ss to U. S. prisoners takeh after that raid. The world has now listened to Jap broadcasts that the airplane carrier Hornet was the vessel from which the bombers took off. Meanwhile, the U. S. Army has been willing-to have the- public know its part of the bombing story. Th-e Navy also Is quite willing to have it side of the story given to the public. And Elmer Davis believes the public should know. Inside word, however, is that the mart at the very top'is opposed. He 'ohcc announced that the bombers came from Shangri-la and as far as the public is concerned that is still where they Game from. • The Cat Might Gef Out" Here is the real reason why Senator Tom Connally of Texas and other Democrats are so sore at the Senate fight over Boss Ed Flynn’s appointment as Ambassador tos-Australia. 'They had hoped to railroad Flynn’s confirmation through the Senate with as little.hubbub as possible. Senators, especially administration Senators, don’t like to -ivash dirty linen in public. / But Senator Styles Bridges'of New Hampshire upset their plans by bringing the issue squarely into the open. Result is that the Senate will face another wave of ptiblie re.sentment and newspaper attacks, similar to the “pen.sions” furor, if Flynn i.s confirmed. Also, every Senator who votes for him will be showered with vitriolic mail from home'. The Republicans aren’t worried, because they will vote almost solidly against Flynn. However, every Democrat who votes for him will be on the spot for “playing politics.’’ . That is the inside reason why Senator Connally attacked Bridges so savagely on the floor. And- that, also, is why Senate Republicans are laughing up their sleeves. • Secret Committee Fights About Flynn It difln't leak out, but that hot tiff between Connally and Bridges, over Flynn, didn’t end on the Senate floor. There was another fiareiip when Bridges repeated his charges against Flynn at a clbsofi-door meeting of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. After Chairman -Connally called the meeting to order, he gruffly inquired of Bridges; “You have made some pretty serious charges about Mr. Flynn’.s alleged associations-with a former agent of the Japanese government.- Are you trying to attack his loyalty to the United States ?’’ “No, I’m not accusing Flynn of disloyalty,” .shot back Bridges, “but I believe that any man who had such associations prior to Pearl Harbor has disqualified himself for diplomatic service in an area where we are fighting the laps.” “Well, 1 haven’t heard of any objections to Mr. Flynn coming from Austaralia,” drawled Connally. “The people there, among whom he will serve if confirmed, apparently like him all right.” “No, and you haven’t heard them shouting with glee about his nomination, either,” countered Bridges. “The Australian people probably feelthat they aren’t in a position to object to anything the Pre.sident does Goncerning- them, because American soldiers are defending their .s-liores and they are getting lend-lease. aid from us. But that doesn’t mean that they are happy about having this ward politician foisted on them.” All during the meeting. Democratic Senator Joe Guffey of Pennsylvania, a party regular and an old crony of Flynn, kept demanding a lawyer. “The senator from New Hampshire has made some very serious charg-es,” Guffey yammered ovei- and over, again. “Mr. Flynn of his .lawyer should be here to answer them before. \ve proceed.” Democratic Majority Leader Barkley finally quieted the agitated Pennsylvania by assuring him that Flynn would have an opportunity to defend himself at public hearings later. • Odds And Ends Around The Captfal Berny Baruch has just sent the Carlton Hotel a check for “mo.st of the bill” for hi.s famous dinner for Mrs. Harry Hopkins. The bill had two chief items: (1) a restaurant check of $2,700; (2) a wine check of $2,lOO. Included in the restaurant check was $180 for flowers. But not included in the wine check wa.s the champagne, which Berny supplied himself. . . . Justice Frankfurter fought to the bitter end against the apopintment of Judge Rutledge to the'Supreme Court. His choice was Soliritor General Pahy. . . . When Gen. Eisenhower bombed Tunis and Bizei-te, the Nazis forced the Jews to contribute a huge fund to repair the building.s of the. Arabs. Since the Jews were against them anyway ,the Nazis wanted to win over the Arabs. ... A Washington suburb, proud of a now garbage incinerator, now jails anyone who delivers garbage to hog farmers. As a result, farmers have had to .sell their pigs despite the pork shortage. Meanwhile the incinerator doesn’t burn well, and oil has to be thrown on the garbage lust before he quit a.s Governor of Georgia, Gone Talmadge pardoned prisoners at the rate of 3() daily. 'Ihis pardoning proclivity of some goyernor.s i.s why smart J, Edgar Hoover will indict thcToughy gang for evasion of the draft act but will not bring them to trial. He figures they might be pardoned or they will slip jail,| again. Then he will have this federal indictment hanging over them. • Canada Will Not Ratify Treaty For months, the U. S; Government has been trying to beguile “good neighbor” Canada into ratifying a treaty by which Canadians charged with swindling the American public through phony stock and bond deals can be extradicted from Canada. But the Canadian Government won’t move. Canada has excellent blue sky laws of her own. So also has the United' States, But a Canadian can come to thi.s country and .sell phony gold bricks, or stock in a company to make rockets to Mars, or put across any shady stock and hohd deal. Then when he i.s caught under U. S. Securities and Exchange law.s, ho simply skip.s back to Canada. There he is quite safe. Recently, a treaty was signed between the two countries permitting each to extradite swindlers of thi.s kind. The U. S. Senate has ratified, but the Canadian Pai'liament hasn’t. And the Canadian Government makes no move to push the matter—despite tons of lend-lea.se equipment noW pouring into Canada. (Copyright, 1943, by United Featui'e Syndicate, Inc.)
>4
Hoe. u. G, Pat Off.. All nts. Re*.
X x-ti
‘Young man—What goes on—'■what’s my daughter screaming ‘Goody, Goody, yes, yes,’about?” University Calendar Friday, January 22
1:00 P.M. Tippe. Co. Natl. Farm Loan....... 4:00 P.M. Town Girls Mass Meeting..., 7:30 P.M. Convo—Louis P, Lockner, Lee...
...E. -Faculty. Lge., Union ...Room 303, Union' .-..Hall of Music
Saturday, January 23 7:30 P.M. Basketball—Ohio State Fieldhouse 8:30 P.M. Phi Mu Radio Dance W. Faculty Lge., Union
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson Once again the Japanese have begun to develop their chronic ease of war jitters. The cause of these jitters is the Russian air force which is within good bombing range of Tokio, and with the possible easing up of the German menace to east Russia by summer it is highly po.ssible that the Russians will concede to American demands and either attack Tokio herself or grant the United States Air ——— - Force the ng-„t to use Russian Q ^ HawkiPS air fields tor such bombing
^ftday Service of the Wesley ' Foundation (Corner State and Sheetz Streets) 9:30—-Student Church School. Two student classes will be tatfght Off the B'iMe.. I. “The G'teat Ideas of the Bible” will be taught by Pro-f. D. H. 'Paijter.soil. 2. “A Skeptic Looks at the Bible” wip be taught by Rev.^ E. R.- Balsley. 10':40^Morfiing Worship Service. At the Church—-'Corner Chauncey and South. Dr. Otto Scott Steel Will speak on the' theine: “Why Do- Men Suffer’!. Special music will be finmished by the choir. 5:15—Wesley Vespers. A 20c fellowship supper will be served in the Gh:eat Hall. . At 6:30 Dr. W. R. Graham will speak on the theme: “Must We Hate In Order To Fight?” A- discussion will follow. University Presbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant John W. Findley, Minister 9:30—Student Class, ded by Dr. Gordon H. Graves. j ' 10:30—Morning Wm-ship. Sermoa theme, “Implicauons' of the Fact Of Gofl.” ? The choir, Wifti Janet Place as soloist, will sing, “Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem,” by Maunder. The organ numbers will be, “In Deepening Shadows,” Stoiig’hton; “Theme from Violin Concerto, No. 2,” and “Tfiumpbai March,!’ Greig. 6:00—Sunday Evening Club. Sup-. per will ))e .served, at 0 o’clock. At the meeting following Mr. T. K. Tsui will be the guest,speaker. The Chinese Students’ Club will be guests of the group for the evening.
forays. Of .course, any such action would mean that Japan would consider it an act of war and would commence t-0 attack Russia proper with Jap ground forces. The Russians to meet such an attack would have the Siberian Army unit which have seen action against the German Army, and these Siberian troops might be considered to be the best in t!ie world because they have bi'oken the myth of the. invincibility of the German Army. When and if Rommel roaches the Tunisian border he may have an unwanted chance to try out the French system of fortifications which i.s the idea of the Maginot line. A small facsimile of the original line as constructed alon.g the Tunisian border with .the idea of defending that counti'y if Italy ever got the notion of an attack on France. Now the line is in the hands of the Germans and they will soon be holding against the Combined attack of the British and Free Frencli, The Germans claimed that the Maginot line in France was of fardty design and before they arc driven out of Africa tlvey may well chang'e their minds. Secretary of War Henry Stimson has just announced that military action on tlVe Papifan Peninsula has come to a close, and that the Japane.se can expect further action on. sovne other-I'l-ont within
, . . Profcs.sor of Mechanical En-, gineering, has; been awarded the Silver Modal by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers for his picture “Smoke” which was entered in the seventh Annual Salon of Photography and Graphic Arts sponsored by tlie Society. Photography i.s a hobbj^ of Dr. Hawkins, and he has explored the field of in-fra-red ])hoto,graphy and motion pictures. a short time.. Where will the military might of the Americans and Australians strike ne.xt, is the immediate question. The Japanese would like, to know this and they will undoubtedly find out within a very short time, but the Japs seem to have their hands full on Guadalcanal. For the Americans have steadily been pushing forward until they have taken a hig-h mountain near their air field.
Piirdue Christian Foundation Week-End I’rogram Friday evening—9:00 (after the Gonvo). Surprise Party in the Union Building. A lot of fun is promised for the first big party of the .term, and there’s no charge. Como and bring your friends. Saturday afternoon—1:30. Basketball game —- Roger Williams Foundation vs. P.C.F. in the Men’s. Gym. Every student who turn.s out gets a chance to'play (except the girls). Sunday—at the Clnirch building —^Sixth .& North St.: ■ 9:30—Student Class. Judge Lynn Paj-kinson will speak on the “Cd,use and Cure of Juvenile Delinquency,” completing the series on the penal system and the Christian faith. l{):'10—Cluirch Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon. Affiliate ' membership will be taken :following the sermon; if you don’t liave yours yet this is your best opportunity. 3:00—Kappa Beta will have its pledging service in the sanctuary of the Church Building. AH mem-
The Ratio
LAST FLING Although the. news \va.s scarce last week, what with a good twothirds of the counter (bar to you) at the Bl-azer Friday being a®- en^ipty as a wallet afbefi the vaji^ation son, there was one cheeiful note in the evening. The tears roll down our cheeks as we regvetful-l-y write that We took'what may Well be Our last glimpse at Theta Chi Chuck Keene, having a last fling with.the. brothers prior to induction into the anme'd forces soon, now ithatihe has finally completed his sentence' here. So long, Chuck, we’re sorry to see you go.; YoPfre among the: Ihst’ 'Of a rapidly dwindling race of old timers, and we’M miss you. Let’s- hope that some of these yoon,gstors can fill your shoes (and glass). SECRETS We don’t know how some of these people get away with it. It's a tremendous b)ow to our ptide; to find someone' has- been able tO--con-eeal something from ye okl-scribe for the major part of two semesters. But they did it. The everloving couple we're talking about .is ATO Chuck Graft and. (jhi O Mary Jane Osborn. Much to oujf ■surprise, We Were acquainted- the other day with the information that the aforernentioned pair have, been happily spliced since last July;,. ■' hers and pledges invited. 5:1'5—Sundby evening, iSc SUp'per in the Church building. (Note change in place.) J . 5:45—Forum program. ,,‘A riew series of discussions will begin! on “Christian Faith and Dcmooraey” led by Hubert Reynolds. D'o yott have ideas on this subject ?-Cffme and- cxpre.ss them. Special VeSpbrs service in the Church sanctuary.V
VVost Lafayette Baptist Church Corner of Chauncey and Gohinifbla 9:30—Rev. J. B. Glcasoh' vyill teach the Roger Williams Foundation Class. 10:35—The Rev. J. B. Gleason will .give the sermon durin.g mom'jng church worship. The topic Will'-he “I Believe in, the Forgiveness!:; of Sins”. Iva Grover Price will dirjpct the choir, and the organ music y’ill be by the organist Arthsr jackliw. 5:3(3—Roger Williams Foundation fellow.ship hour and supper. 6:30—Forum Hour. The Rabbi Mycr H. Simon will speak of ‘“fhe Aspects of the Jewish Religion”!! 7;,‘)0—Homo hour at the par.shnage. . AH students and sailors are invited to those services. -
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Scluilfi Bldg, iind Main Sis. Phone 5701
uarH¥!£r« TODAY and TOMORROW
SPARKLING with COMEDY studded WITH THRILLS
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW Rl^NfiE-BUSTIN' BytolES EOARIN’
^d^FUmKMIGMT JENNIFER HOtT ond th« JIMMY WAKELY TRIO' SECOND HIT
The sfory of BOYS rffBnSffMU) FORGEO WbiihHH^ into meni
FBtWDilE BARTH'OlOMfW BlflY H.AIPP . BOBiv JOliBAN • HMNTZ HA'U
NOW SHOWING
Sensationai is Too Mild For If . . It's The World's Great Drama of Hate HITLER/S CHILDREN Based on Gregor Ziemor's Best Selling Book "Edueafion for Death'' with TIM HOLT-BONITA GRANVILLE —r- Added joy — Walt Disney Cartoon HOW TO FISH
TODAY thru SATURDAY FfR5T RUN HIT
AAicitC’Mt tr.xjea a
lAYR^OtA) MMOmLI MA’i/jrdt.,
and —
Starring KENT TAYLOR FRANCES LANGFORO "PERILS OF NYOKA" ——plus PATHE NEWS
tU’, datU toTAtiie
- . in A
The Star of "The Pled Wper'2"
producer and direeforl.
5 DAYS Starf'ing tomorrow MARS
LAST TIMES TODAYvs
i
^ i
JtmMiy 22,
dtniipMii
Spprts
mj:
iMmim
Netters, Grapplers, Swimmers Active Tomorrow
Matmenlnvade lU Bucketmen Will Battll Saturday For First Ohio State Tomorrow
Rtyeter Aquatics Meet iphicogo Tomorrow I Towrorfow afternoon at ^ o’clock, m the first meet of a new sfeason, Swimming Coach Dick Papenguth and his squad of stquatics iday host to a strong team of swimmers from the tSpi^^ersity of Chicago. This year the Boilermakers will- attlpntfft' to make their string of victories over the veiy capable Ittatoons read’three m a row, having come out victorious m the two engagements with the — Aforementioned aggregation, divmg i<? coneemed
year by the very narrow Squad Brafted
tharkin provided by a win in As foi the Boilennakeis C^aeh tht^ mht event. fapenguth has donated a laige poi h ’ tion of his squad to the aimed seiv Although Chicago has more jves, but tomonow the following: Cft jfese played a position re- lads will piobably see action in the
spiPibling the hall lug the last few aqua
as far a» athletics are con Captain Joe Williamson, Midcerrted, their swimming teams aie States AAU bieast stioke champion bf qinte a different calibie, Indiana intei collegiate leeord as they draw considerable mateiial holder, will take ovei the breast frem the large Chicago high schools stioko duties In the fiee style This sfeason the Maioons boast some events. Bill Snead, Chuck Van Dueof the finest material m the Con ?en Dick Boinei and Ray Nihan aie fetettofe. Baugher^ afiee-stylei and all capable Cliff Eiikson and Van otje of the best, sWims any event, Danow aie the chief distance men Seiill IS tops as a backstrokei, and and Bill Dunn and Geoige Saudei aS^lad named Ciosby has been turn l>ng have been showing up well in
The
SpJO/dA^ {jJoDSL
By Joe Dawson
ink m some very good perfoim off the high board as fai as
I L|AR^^ TO DANCE CORRECTLY adult BCdtNNER'S CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 3rd / 7:30 P, M. ^ NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thors., Feb. 4, 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th 8l Ferry
legaid to the backstioke The div mg duties will be handled by John ny lungst and Wally Giubb
Lots 01 Good Nev/s
Two exceptional ai tides of good nows conceinmg Boilcrm ikei swim mmg teams woic also made known ycsteiday The n itional AAU has acknowledge icccptmce of the two new woild iccoids one m the 60 yaid bioast stioke ar|d anothci in the 50 metei hi east stioke set by Roy Ilcidkc last sem^stoi at the Aquacade, ind the Dolphin Club swimming honoiaiy, has purchased a ‘p600 wai bond with the pioceeds
oi the last Aqij icado
► Riveters Take Things Easy The basketball team took things easy again yesteiday afternoon in an cffoit to keep fiom getting stale for the two games this week end This meanb that they will have had only thiee light practice sessions befoie game time Satiuday The past week end up at Minnesota pioved toughei than was expected Both games weie the lace hoise type and weie plenty haid fought all the way thiough In addition the team encounteied Double in getting tram connections They didn’t aiiive home until eaily Wednesday morning ^ Buckeyes Could Be Tough With the Boileimakeis in a lathei sub par physical and mental con dition, the Buckeyes may put up a bettei ball game than most of us expect on Satuiday and again on Monday Indiana beat 'em twice last week end but they still have a fighting, never say-die ball club If they hadn’t lost Bob Shaw, All Ameiican end last fall and leading scorer on the haidwood team, Ohio State would be one of the top outfits in the Confeienee 1^ Fieldhouse Bulging At The Sides When the Cleveland Indians come to begin their spiing^tiaining heie about the middle of Maich the Fieldhouse will become one of the busiest and most ovei woiked buildings in the country First of all there aie between thiee and fom thousand PE (bless that (bless that (| course) students using neaily eveiy part of the Fieldhouse—including the bleach ers Aiound the first of M uch Dutch Pehiing will be calling out the Rivetei diamond squad, so they will be going stiong when the Indians get here ► Trackmen Will Be Using It Too Throughout the same month the tiaek team will be woiking ovGitime m piepaiation foi the initial lunnmg of the Puidue Relays scheduled foi Mai eh 27 Also theie is a possibility that the St Louis Cardinals oi the Biowns may tiain hcie It’s going to be a mess when all of these vaiious gioups want the Pieldhouse at the same time Get Your Exponent Subscription at the West Desk of Union Anytime!
others $25 00
Others $32.50
SHIRTS $2.50 and $3.50 STUDS and LINKS $1.00 and $3.50 SHOES $6.50" up And other Necessary Accessories
BUY STAMPS AND BONDS
STORE HOURS 8:00 A. M. — 6:00 P. M. Including Saturdays
Meet Of Season Tomonow bungs the fiist test of the season foi Coach Claude Reeck’s Boileimakei giappleis when the wie&tlmg squad tiavels bouthwaid to Bloomington to meet the highly vaunted Hoosier team coached bv Indiana’s Billy Thom This meet with tne Doosieis is expected to be the toughtest the Riveteis will walk into this season Last season Coach Thom of Indiana had about as pool a team as he had evei tinned out, this yeai things, in the light of the veisatile little giapplipg mentoi^have an alto gethei diffeient outJook In fact he pi edicts with a gieat amount of confidence to have the gieatest aggregation this yeai that he has turned out since his squad of champions that played havoc with the Midwest wiestlmg schedules back in 1934 Plenty Of Material Now to take a look at the ma tei lal Coach Thom has to work with and the possible men the Boilei makers will meet in the conflict theie tomonow Beginning at the lightweights, theie is Heib Panel ’winnOi of the national AAU con test two yeais ago at 121 At 128 theie IS Johnny Aichei a lettei man fiom last yeai In the 136 di vision Chestei Robbins, State high school champ foi two yeais fiom Southpoit Don Bums who two yeais ago took thud in the Big Ten 145 pound class and who was out of school last yeai is back at his old position, 145 pounds With Plenty Of Experience Jimmy Wilkinson will piobably have the buiden of the 155 pound class on his shouldeis, and Sig Golonka, a foimei high school champ fiom Hammond, will wiestle at 166 Trastei has been showing up about tops in the 175 gioup, and (See WRESTLING, page 4)
Bj Bill Hopkins In then second basketball cloublebeader in as many week ends, the Boilermakei netmen will cioss sabres on the home floor with one of the “question mark” teams of the Big: Ten, the Ohio State Buckeyes In three conference games played thus far, the Bucks have not been too impressive in winning one and losing two However, both of these losses oc- - , „i.,.. curied at the hands of the aid m the Ohio cause when the Statsame team, Indiana, during a the floot against the Rivdouble bill on the Hoosier floor ^ters on Satuiday They are FredT-. 1 n/r /-I 1 > /-. file Millei who is the leading point Branch McCracken s Crimsongettei foi his team with a total of ites dropped the men from tallies which makes him stand Columbus by the scoie of 45 39 on sixteenth in the conference scoring Satuiday night and then came back lace. Max Gecowets, who has on Monday to defeat them even amassed 21 points in thiee conferwoise ence games Bud Wise and Tiabitz Bucks Beat Chicago One ot the outstanding sophomore Foi then only win of the cuiient netteis on the Seal let and Gray roscampaign, the Ohio mien picked on tei is Gene Fekete, erstwhile fuRthe confeienee dooimat the Chi back on the gridiron, who made sevcago Maroons In this encounter, eral All American squads last fall the Maioons bowed by the count of Fekete preped at Findlay, Ohro, 47 29, one of the closest contests in -wheie he made the All State baswhich they have paiticipated ketball selection his senioi year He Pie season tussles labeled the holds down a guaid slot on thiife Buckeyes as one of the bettei teams veai’s edition of the Buckeye five ’ 111 the Midwest this yeai In then Shaw Ineligible fiist game of the season they defeat Two of the veteians, Millei and ed Ohio Wesley an 41 29 The Bucks Gecowets see seivice at the forward almost pioved Tartais m then see posts while White and Jack Dugger ond ailing of the yeai when they alteinate at the pivot post Teamstubboinly bowed before Lt Paul jng with Fekete at the other guard D Hinkle’s Bluejackets fiom Gieat spot is Dick Shiider, who is someLakes by the scoie of 49 46 They times iplieved by Bud Wise The divided then next two games los weaieis of the Scarlet and Gray mg to Rochestei of New Yoik and weie handicapped while the season winning ovei Kentucky ^vas yet young by the loss of B'ob Foul veteians will be piesent to Shaw who opeiated from a forward — post last year Shaw was also not-
Notice Any freshmen or sophomores interested in trying out for track manager, report Monday evening at 4 15 to the southeast corner ot the Fieldhouse (The cornel that houses the high jump stand ards ) —GUPPENBERGFR
ed foi his play fiom the end spot dining the football season, but his seivices weie lost to the basketball squad because of his scholastic standing The piobable Buckeye lineup for Satuiday s contest should be made up of Millei I Gecowets f
IM Schedules Fett
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Ihc followinj., fiaterhitics will i la> i inj., I t u singles tonip:ht it 1 i m Sit,m i Alph i M i SiL,m i Ch Sij..m i N i Surma Alpha Mu SiKm i Pi lau Lps Ion Phi Tail Kappa Epsilon Thct i Ch Ihcti 1 ui Theta Xi Tiianjrk Winners ( f fi iteinity i injr i one: doi 1 lo First r u Ej lion Phi M Cnidnci C Gayncb sccon I Acacia ric\ Yn lij, third Alpha Chi Rho foiuth Su,ma Chi
WANTED Exponent Carriers CallExponent Circulation 4005
Ihiidei g ^Last yeai s meeting of these two teims ^aw the Riveteis come out on top m the fiist encountei by the scoie ot 45 32 on the local Soor How evei when the two quintets met at Columbus the Bucks came dway with a 46 40 veidict As the ColUftibus Tool Is always a disadvantage loi anv stiange team playing on it, both teams should be aided by hav* mg the doubleheadei in the J’leldhouse Menke High In Scoring As tai as scoiing leadeis are concerned the Boileimakeis enjoy a decided edge So fai this season^ Captain A.1 Menke has shoved 20 field goils and five tiee throws thiough the hoop foi a total of 45 markei'' Closely following him is lugged Eddie Ehleis Riveter guard, who has tossed in 16 fielders and (See B4SKETBALL, page 4)
Palais Roi[al
Short Tale About The Short Tail! When jon lose a small piece oft your Vrrow Shirt tail (as you will from now on, by Government orders ' ) it won’t: -(a) pul you lo the least iiicouvenieiioe (h) he uolioed at all, at all. YOUR SHIRT WILL STILL BE AIV ARHBW Nevertheless — we have a new stork of regular length shirts. Buy, noiv, while the tail is still theie.
til Mills’ lulls hlM 1)1111 lull (id to 1 ll llgtll ot 30 Ullll> II m lui Deouibet 17 1912
DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN ST.
pRibossed fell beret
to wear all year TouiU a dozen ways
1
Ice blue, aqua, copen, hrf, beige, American eagle (joH beauty Violet, biaclc, br6wtl>1 I
'l ]!!■> ^f'^'""% ‘jV J ^ 4 'nf (*1|j
i ?
i*age 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday^ January 22, 1943
University Board Receives Money For Student Loans Gifts to the Univeisit\ foi stu dent loan funds totsline neailv $2 000 and anothei gift of a salu able lain neie atcepted Thnisdav at the quaiteih niectma ol the Boaid of Tinstees of the Univei sitj it was announced In Piesident F C Flhott bad tioin \\ ashing ton foi the meeting and to leniain here uniil Satin da\ Cash gifts weie as foil aw s Fioiii E F I ickei 1009 giaaiiite oi the Unneisitt iiid now in official ot the Motch and Menaweatliei Ma (,hinei\ Co ol Detioit Mich ‘^1 500 fioin the Pnidiie Womens Club of Pittsbuigh >2o fiom the St Joseph Couiiti Fedeiatioii ot Clubs $52 i 10111 Pest Conti ol Op ciatois S201 lioiii tilt Eh Lilh Conipan\ it Indianapolis 5200 The last foul gifts wont to supplement pie\ionsl\ established student loan funds and the Litkei fund ci cates a new fund beaim^ his ii line The mone\ is loaned necd\ students in the uppei classes to enable them to complete then woil tai idiii lion The lam of the H impshiie bleed
sued b\ the lanious sue of that bleed Val!e\ View Espire, was pie sented by Allison E Stuait, of La favette a inembei of the boaid of ti iistces Ihc boaid extended leaves of absence foi a laige iiunibei of fac ulty iiid staff and appioved leaves foi otheis to seive in the aimed foices 01 111 ceitain essential wai industiies to winch they had been called The boaid aiipiovcd tempoiai\ leave toi Contiollci R B Stewait to coniph with a loqucst fiom the United States Aiiiiy loi the piepa 1 ition ol a model contiact nid con tiactiiial pioccdiiie between the W 11 Depaitment and colleges and umveisities ot the nation m the tiaimng ot men toi the aimy iiiidei the new plans ot the Wai Manpowei C ommission Conti ollei Stew aid has seivcd similaiL loi the Navy and the same jilnis no being de Veloped loi the new tiaining pio glam which will involve enlisted 1eseiV es
Wrestling
A. substantial incicasc in enioll meiit ot women m engineeiing di ivviiig the industi lal aits genei ilh and 111 wood shop woik is lo polled it the Univcisitv of Cali loiiiia
(Continued fiom page 3) Bob Zimmy, giid stai, looks like the possible man foi 'the heavy weight job With plenty of expellencecl men and with the capabilities of Co ich Ihom, the Hoosieis will be expected to turn in a mighty hne lecoid I ollowing: IS the list of giappleis that Boilei makei_^coach Reeck in tends to tii^itTToose'^ir't^ "povvei house” squad fiom Bloominglon The 121 pound lobti^s between Vei non Singleton a 114(4 poundei and Bob Peal son, both newcomeis to the mat At 128 theic will be Bob Platt a numeial vvinnei as fai as expeii eiice goes The 136 pound class left tempoiaiily flabbi by the develop ment ot i stiep thioat bv Maik Matovina Big Ten champ will be filled by Nettesheim Fithei Steudel oi Stackhouse w ill get the nod in the 145 division, neithci has had vaisity expeiience, and 111 the 156 pound class Jim Paiatoie will take ovei Velmai Divis vaisity man fiom last sea son as is Paiatoie takes the 165 pound job on his shouldeis, ‘Dot’ Eviston aiiothej vaisity man tiom last season will wiestle at 175 As ioi the heavyweight division Fiank Ruggieii Big Ten champ will take
ovei
AE's And ME's Must Basketball
\
Show Schedule Cards
All sophomoie luiiioi, and senioi AE and ME students must present then sctiedule cai ds at the mam of fice of the ME building within the next two days This is nccessaiy so that students in those schools may secuie mtei views with Piofessoi Boles to en able the ME depaitment to keep an accinate lecoid of the AE and ME students that aie being called into the SCI vice CE DepartmentHeeds Student- Help Bv Jim Richardson Geneial Fngineeiing Depaitment still needs two oi thiee students as vvoikeis These persons should be familial with jn ejection in oidci to operate the motion picture ma chine 111 the GE 10 and 11 lectures Those interested in woik of this kind should apph to H F Owen oi T M Ai nold in Room 202 of Michrcl Golden Shops Workers will be pud at the rale oi forty cents an hour
Buj War Bonds And Stamps'
(Continued from page 3) nine char ity tosses for 41 points Ten points behind Eddie is Freddie Miller, Buckeye forward, who IS credited by the scorebooks with having thrown 14 field goals and three free throws through the nets for a season’s total of 31 points in three games Going down the line, Max Geeovvets next appears with nine from the field and three from the 15 foot line for 21 points in two games The next man from the two squads to have more than 15 points so far this season is Rudy Lawson, elongated Riveter guard Saturday’s battle of baskets will get under way at the usual time of 7 30 p nr , however, as a piehmilaiy, Dutch Fehiing will present an intia squad contest between two selected factions of his much pub licized freshman squad at 6 30 p nr Iron Key M rlliam Hoskins Robert Boswinkle
Wilbur Hiller Paul Miller
H E Katterjohn
lohn Wiske John DeCanip
Raymond McLaughlin Joseph Dawson
Notices
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day precedinff the issue Enfflish and Speech Exams Make up exams for student with conditions in hiiiKhbh and Speech will be htld on Saturday afternoon Jan 30 at 1 o clock in lloom 2ai University Hull Kemoval of conditk n cards should be obtained by Iridiiy picecdinR the exominu tion from ibe Pnglibh olfice 108- XJniversity Hall —CRB-E-K Students Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Men Office —GOIDSMUH Gold Peppers Passports are m AWS box at West Desk of the Union MacDONAU'' Freshman Engineers Last term s Survey mg problems and note books may be ob tamed in room 102 CP building C ill lor ^hem beCoK Monday January 2^* lommll Intcrfruternity Presidents Council Mem bers may get Uieir council keys the Fra ternity Affairs Office —MORGAN Cheerleaders Piactice every night this week at 1 P m at the Fieldhoise —SCHWAB 1 utheran Students Lvei>ono is invited *•0 a pai ty in the ch irch basement 610 N Ninth St Sinday evening J muary 21 at JO —WALLACE ME 11 6) and 66 Make up examinations Saturday Ian i iry SO at 1 p m room MF JOl AULT Registration Workers Students whi woiked for the Registiar duimg tho Wu t i Tcim registration may obtain their thockb ly e tiling at tho Registiirs off c
sroNi
■jB ,<Bpsotix smraiui lantn P'>®“a V3S 7 30 p m in room 56 Committees will no formed - ANTONACCIO Union Workers All tickets and money
must be m by 6 p m
Skull and Crescent Members Call Bob Coulee St S5r fraternity about VW'r to Cotillion It 11 important CONLlvte Purdue AKricultiirlst There will tto a mcLtint. of the circulation start Sntuifilay lanuaiy 23 at 1 p m It is important that all woikeis be at the “"“-^-yyARD Purdue Al.riculturist Lvtryonc on the cditoiial biuincss and circulation stalls must turn yi ur Aki iculturist keys in at the West Desk of the Union Please liave yoin key with your name atachted to it ruesduj Janunij 26 at 4 p m is the ele dill e for turmuB m vour
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage typewnterb Alberta Loan Office, 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented icpnired ind purchased Mimeograph woi k d< nc C T Eborshoff 606 Main, Lafayette Phone Wanted—Students interested m peddling the Exponent Call Exponent Ask for RcLktenw ild Lost—One fountain ptn mai I icldhouse PI ont 6204 Bill Gandj Bulova watch lost m Union Januiry 16 nooi CiU 179'’ Rtwirl
Buy War Bonds
Lost—I arlv s bind Reward
gold CiII
wr st watch Plastic Tbll
Lo*?t—Solitaij- Tiffany dianund engage ment nng Phone 81^9 Liberal reward
Get Your-
STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Sprinif Showintf of New Stock ★ TWILLS ★ GABMDIMES ★ BEHFDHII CORDS Roger's Men's Wear East Side Square
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and Mam
SouihxvxfdkY SMALL ENOUGH ^ to porsoiializo its seiviic lo you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to oiler >oii the laigesl slot k ol USED AND NEW TEXTS Uoniplete SliMlents Supply
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS ^oI EXPONENT
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
9/
’Sei&hJiY.
Be ThriftyLET US no YOLM SHOE HEPAIRIIVG
umu siei mm 221 Stale Phone 2240 . Lafayette
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE No Name and Eosstion 4 Ralph Borwer f 20 Paul Friend f. 3 A1 Menke c (Cap! ) 10 Floyd Lawson g 14 Edwin Ehlers g
6 Gerald Witsman f 7 William Kercheval f 9 John Swantz c 11 Robert Morns f 15 Donald MeVey c 16 Robert Myers f 17 Max Biggs i 18 John Kennedy f 22 Robert Biddle f
Wr
OHIO STATE .No Name and Positron 3 Fred Miller f 25 Max Gecowets 1 29 J.T. White c. 20 Dick Shnder, g 14 Gene Fekete g
7 Jimmy Simms g 9 Lou Trabitz c 10 Ken Eichwald f 12 Jack Dugger c 17 A1 Wise i 4 J.T White c
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E W VanMeter, Pres Phone 4354 West Lafayette
DOUGLAS SHOES I and Portage Shoes —Sale Now on Ail Shoes — Pyrdye Shoe Store
302 State St
West Lafayette
Your car must serve you for the duration— Let us serve yoor car— ^ Pete Doc Anderson
FRANK'S PLACE Quick Service — Good Food Try Our Tenderloin Sandwiches ~WE NEVER CLOSE-
Purdue ^07 ( oriier oi Sixth and Aiahaina
Phone 4048
Everything for a College Education DEAL’S