sJVi
¥6111^9 53, No. 65
Wost iiafoyette. In
Friday, November 28,1941^
y. Golschmaiin T6 Dirict Coed Debate Group
' yiMimir, Golschmann will conduct the St. Louis Symphony Oi^Chestra: in the Music Hall at 3 p. m. Sunday in the third of this year’s series of University convocations. /"Since 1931, when he was engaged as permanent conductor of the orchestra after appearing as guest conductor, Golschnjhhn has developed that or- ■——————■—— —■—
gahization into one of the foresymphony orchestras in the Uhited Stated. Its record of 66 years of continuous symphony concerts is exceeded only hy the PhilHarmbnic Symphony Or-
chestra of New York. Sdpione Guidi Assists
f ided by Scipionc Guidi, assistcpnductor pnd concertmaster, GblSchioann directs the 87-piece brdhbsti'a iii more than 60 performances each season in St. Louis and on fejftensive tours. The youthful conductor was scarcely out of his teens before his career began with his becoming concertmaster of the French orchestra Which 1 toured this country during; the World War. His faiUe throughout Europe originated with his eoncbrtS in Paris during post-war days. Dr/ Walter Damrosch brought him to ^merica for two consecutive seasons as guest conductor of the I|Jew York Philharmonic-Symphony, Where he once replaced Arturo Toscanini when the latter was forOed ipto mid-season retirement because of illness. ‘Mpel'Complete Conductor’ After first laurels, were won as a .conductor of the moderns, Golschnifinh developed a flair for the. Dermah classics, according to Dr. P.Au}rosch, along with an appreciatfbh a'rtd 'undei'standing of the romantic. ma^Ws. Parisian critics have called him the “most complete conductor of our time.” The Music Hall will be opened at 2:16 for,persons bearing passports Or season tickets. There will be no reserved seats or advanced sale of the regular !^1.10 tickets which may be purchased / Sunday afternoon, w.c.r. ^ conductor of the moderns, Golschmann developed a flare for the German classics, according to Dr. Damrosch, along with an appreciation and understanding »of the romantic masters. Parisian critics WBAA To Feature Orchestra Today Under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains the University Orchestra will present their third broadcast of the year over WBAA this afternoon at 4:30. The main feature of the program will be a group of Friml favorites arranged by ,Fordo Grofe. The orchestra will also give a preview of^ the Orchestra’s annual Christmas program to be given Dec. 18 in the Music Hall with some exccriiits' from the .“Nutcracker SUitc^’’ by Tschaikowsky. d.w.o. AH senior women come to the AWS olficc between 4 and 5:.30 this afternoon. —SCAUFF.
Bogue To Play
At Union Mixer Tomorrow At 9
Verle Bogue and his “Music in
Vogue” will furnish the music for tomorrow night’s mixer in the north ballroom of the Union. This dance will start immediately after
the Debris Beauty contest. Bogue’s band features the singing
of Bogue himself .and 14-year-old
Verle Bogue
Margie Burling, who ha.s sung as a guest artist with Shop Fields, Bill Carlsen, Eddy Duchin and Dick Jurgens. Among the many novelty numbers that have made the band popular is Margie’s rendition of the “Hawaiian V/ar Chant.” Bogue’s band comes directly from the Inglatcrra Ballroom in Peoi'ia, 111., where they arc playing for the fall and v/inter seasons. Before that they played at the “Riviera-on-thc-Lake” at Lake Geneva, Wiscon.sin; Summit Park Beach, Akron, Ohio; and the Waldameer Beach Park, Eric, Penna.'d.w.o. Prof. Wiancko lo Judge Corn At Liveslock Show Prof. A. T. Wiancko, of the agronomy depai'tment, will attend the International Livestock Show in Chicago \this week-end and the early pai't of !next week. Prof. Wiancko has been on the corn judging committee since it was formed in 1918. He will judge tomorrow' and Sun-
day.
D. L. Klingman and P:of, G. O. Mott, also of the agronomy department, are attending meetings of the American Association of Animal Productioti in Chicago today and tomoj row. g.w.s.
Climax of the Women’s Discussion Conference being held at the University today and tomorrow will be a broadcast from WBAA from 2 to 2:30 p. m. tomoiTow, with representatives from all the Big Ten schools participating in a round table discussion. After group meetings during the conference, the topic under debate, “What Part Should the United States Play in Eestablishing a Just and Stable Post War World Order,” will be summarized by the chairman of the general session. Fanny Hopfinger, as.i the chairman, will hear the reports of individual group leaders before stating the conclusion and solutions. Coeds From Other Schools Attend About 54 coeds from the Big Ten schools are attending the conference, all activities of which are held in the Union. Prof. Frank Hall, of the history, economies and government department, will speak before the conference today at luncheon. Othpr members of the University staff participating are Professors Lull and Monroe, of the speech department, who will give their criticisms of the debate conference. Betty Foss, Indiana University, will be the chairman of a panel discussion at the first general meeting at 10 this morning in the east faculty lounge. Janet Morehouse will act as chairman of the banquet this
evening.
Conference Plan The plan of the conference is based on the group meetings, eaph of which has its own chairman. After two meetings, during which the ' problem is discussed aiid a definite conclusion is reached, the topic is summarized. No further additions from the floor will be made after the individual leaders have made their reports, a.l.w. Dr. E. C. Young To Talk
Dance Tonight In
North ballroom of the Union will be the scene of WAA’s annual Harvest Hop this evenirtgrfrom 9 to 12. Music will be furnished by Bobby Moore and his ten-piece bahd from Illinois State Normal University, Bloomington, 111. ‘ Featured with the, band are Allan Weckel and the novelty singer, Paul PUrsell. The Pla-Mor Ballroom in Kansas City, Mo., billed Mooi'e’s band as “One of the best in the Southwest.” Among other numerous places where the band has played are the University of - Illinois, Indiana University, MacMurray College, Ball State College, and Francis Shi^rmer College. Second Coed Bid Dance The Harvest Hop is the second coed bid dance of the season. However, tickgtAmay be purchased by either ed or coed for $1.10 at the West Desk of the Union, the Women’s Gym, sororities, bookstores, other organized houses, or from WAA council members. Informal clothes, such as sweaters, skirts, aUfJ: saddle shoes,~lvill be appi'opriate for the occasion. To further add to the informality, streamers and confetti will be distributed at the dance. Miss Theresa Bell, of the PEW department, who is in charge of general arrangements for the dance, stated that a surprise announcement will be made at the dance this evening but Harvest Hop committeemen refused to comment upon its nature., p.s.
ill Play Here Dec. 5
Sophs Sell Tickets For Union Formal; Open To All Students Ray Herbeck and his orchestra has been signed to play next Friday night, Dec. 5, for the annual Union Formal in both ballrooms of the Union, according to an announcement received last night fronri the Student Union. This will be the first formal dance of the year open to all students. Tickets ; —^^— — selling at $1.65 per couple, in^m eluding the defense tax, are GlilliGt Club being sold by sophomore Union workers.
Stressing the importance of consideriug rural life of Latin and South America for a realistic, picture of those countries, John Strohm, assistant editor of Prairie Farmer, last night addressed over 1,000 students and townspeople on the subject, “As I Saw South America.” The program was sponsored by Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary. The talk, depicting a cross section of I’ural life, was il'iu.strated by several hundred colored slides which had been rated by the U. S. Department of Agriculture as the best of their kind ever recorded in South America. Indians Still Primitive “We must no condemn these Indians for their primitive methods,” Strohm said, pointingyOut that foreign influence on South America has touched only the principal cities, while the farmers still live in mud houses and have their machette, and a primitive wooden plow with which to grow their crops. I The peons, according to Strohm, are handicapped by geographical conditions. They build all .the buildings and equipment they use besides sharing the crops with the land-owners. Visited 18 Countries During his five months’ trip through 18 of the 20 South American countries, Strohm traveled 18,000 miles by air and 7)000 miles-by / (Continued on page 4)
. . . athletic, booster honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: Jim Rush, Wirt Farley, Pete Timperman, Doug .McDaniel, Charles Caress, Jim Walley, Dick Watson, Dick Dibos, Bill Hayt, Don Powers, Dick Kratzer, Dave Sayles, Bob Gimlin and Hal Knight.
To Rurral
American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers meeting will be held in Chicago Monday and Tuesday. Dr. E. C. Young of the Univei’sity agricultural economics stalF and vice-president of the national or.ganization, will lead a discussion on “The Future and What to Do About It.” Other Indiana per,sons who will take part in the two-day program include Howard ..Halderman, Wabash; C'. M. Long, West Lafayette; C. B. Meeker, Burnettsville; F. E., Elliott, Oxford, and John R. Bowen, Indianapolis, p.g.h. Religious Council Presents Folk Dance Party In Gym Kenny Truax and his “Folk-a-whirlcr,” a campus group. Will be featured at a Folk Dance party tomorrow evening at 8:30 in the Memorial Gymnasium. The dance is sponsored by the University Religious Council. Refreshments will be served, and the adihission price will be 25 cents per couple—15 cents per stag, a.l.w.
Test Piggy s Varsity Tuesday In Annual Intrasquad Basketball Tilt
... is one of the featured attractions offered at the Debris Beauty Contest show along with Bobby Byrne’s band, Ruthiana and Malcolm, dancers, and the Parker Brothers’ strong man act. “Jongleur Distingue” is the title of this man who can juggle anything from tennis balls to a tray containing a bottle and glass of beer.
/ . ^ By Ted Clark Basketball, Hbosierdom’s own favorite sport, will have its campus inaugural Tuesday evening at 7:30 On the Fieldhouse floor when wily Piggy Lambert unveils his 1941-42 team which will be tested by Dutch Fehring’s frosh. This intrasquad game, which has come to be an annual affair, will be sponsored by the Reamer Club. The ticket price has been set at 25 cents. ' Two other feature attractions will add to the evening’s entertainment, nantely a performance by the Univqrsity’s talented military drill team, the Purdue Or-der of Zouaves and a farcial football game between members of the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs. Members of the Gold Peppers will act as officials. Choosing a lineup for the varsity
would be a near impossibility. This holds for the freshman, but even more so. Howeyer, it is safe to say that Captain Don Blanken and Frosty Sprowl may almost be considered , fixtiires at forwards. Blanken may spend some time at center along with Bill Neutzel, Fred- Krampe, and sophomores A1 Menke and Jumpin’ Jack Swantz. George Fields, Keifl’er, Howard Hoffman and John Conrad are able replacements at the forward posts. Guards Plentiful Guards are plentiful on this year’s squad, but it will be difficult to replace such capable back court men as Bob Igney and Don Blemker. Igney was an inspirational leader as captain in the 1940-41 campaign,
was good for a long shot when it was needed and was a student of the real science of the hardwood sport. Blemker is now in the army. Mickey Tierney, Charley Cax'ess, Bob Riley, Cecil Polk and Adams are some of the outstanding guards on the squad. ^ The Rhiiiie squad is studded with former high school stars and it is hard to give a concise report of performances to date. Ehlers and Martens played together under AllAmerican and former Boilermaker Johnny Wooden at South Bend Central. Another 1946 aspirant is Don Server of Madison, who was voted the outstanding player in the 1941 state, tournament and whose team was runner-up to Washington.
Vi^jll Cosmo Club To See Skit Today At 4:30
A .smoker serving as a general get-together for all local DeMolays will be held this evening from 7 to 9 at the Acacia fraternity house. The smoker will be informal and will offer those attending a chance to meet brother DeMolays from chapters all over the country. A numbp of faculty members interested in DeMolay work will be present. DeMolays unable to attend are urged to di'op in and register some time during the evening so that a file of campus Del^lolays can be made fp- use in future activities. t.m.s.
At 4:J30 this afternoqn in room 2G3 of the Union the. Cosmopolitan Club members will be shown a preview of the entertainment which several of their group will stage tomorrow night at the Christian Church’s World Fellowship Ban-
quet.
Announcement will be made of the plans for formal Initiation, which will be held Sunday, December 7. Qf the 28 pledges who will be inducted at this time, half are American students and half are from foreign countries. Plgtis are now being niade for the Cosmopolitan Club national convention to be held here next 'month.
Darrow Leads Field In Race For Queen Of SDX Circus Dance June Darrow, Sci. ’43, a member of Phi Mu sorority, is leading the field to reign as “Queen of the Bare Back Riders” at the Sigma Delta Chi circus ball on Friday, Dec. 12. Over 100 votes were cast for June yesterday as her friends and backers came in numbers and voted often at the ballot boxes at the Union west desk and in the Exponent of-
fice.
Donna Siess, Sci. ’42, ,Kappa Alpha Theta, and Doris Pickering, HE ’44, Kappa Kappa Gamma, are running close. behind Darrow in the race for the “stuff” queen’s coronet. Any member of the University may vote as . often as and for as many coeds as he wishes. Five new names were added to the list of the 13 coeds nominated previously as a result of the voting yesterday. The new nominees are: Peg' Davis, Florence Justin, Mary Eleanor Blackinore, Jean Ann McClintock and Doris Pickering, d.t.b. India ha Engineers Meet In Indianapolis For Annual Session Sixty-second annual meeting of Indiana engineers, sponsored by the Indiana Engineering Council and the Indiana Society of Pi ofessional Engineers, is being held in Indianapolis today and tomorrow. University staff members and alumni will take part in the meeting. Prominent alumni will also participate in llie proceedings. M. W. Cameron, CE ’14, will discuss the merit law regulations before the opening business session this morning. L. E. Martin of Lafayette, CE ’22 and president of the Indiana Section of the ASCE, presides over an informal luncheon at noon today. Knapp Presides ProL , W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering-and president of the Indiana Engineering Council, will be one of the presiding officeis at the All-Engineers dinner this evening. L. J. Dunnewold, EE ’27, chair- ' man of the Central Indiana Section of the AIEE, will bq one of the presiding officers at tomorrow, morning’s technical session. Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering, chairman of the national advisory board, will discuss defense training in engineering, science and management before an informal ' luncheon at noon, g.w.s. Dr. Brunauer To Talk
Played For Mixer Herbeck and his “Music Romance” played here for this falFs first mixer on September 6. His music has recently been heard at the Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago, Bill Green’s in Pittsburgh and the Biltmore Hotel in Los An-
geles; '
Herbeck attended the University of Southern California where he was a star pitcher on the baseball team. After his college days in the school of dentistry, he pitched for a semi-professional baseball club. He formed his band from classmates while still in school. Originally a western band, Herbeck became well known in the East after playing a record-break-ing engagement at Westchester's Log Cabin Farm in Ai-monk. The band has been featured on coast-to-coast CBS broadcasts and on Okeh records, p.g.h. William Balt To Speak For Special Defense Convocation Dec. f5 S,econd in the series of defense lectures will be delivered by ,.William L. Batt, ME ’07, in the Music Hall at 11 a. m. on Monday, DeC; 16, according to an announcement . received last ni^ht.' Batt is an official in the Office of Production Manage-
ment.
So that all students and faculty might hear the address, ll o’clock classes will be disniissed and the meeting will be turned into a special University convocation. Batt has been pi'csident of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, is now president of the SKF Industries and was civilian member of the American mission to Ru.ssia to arrange military aid to ■ that country. He has been honored by a degree from this University and knighthood by the king of Sweden, g.w.s. Lt. Com. A. R. Pieper
Lt. Com. A. R. J. L. Pieper, recruiting officer for the Naval Reserve, will be on the campus today and tomorrow to interview jurijOr and senior engineers interested in enlisting in class V-7 of the Naval Reserve. These men n»ust be between the ages of 20 and 27 and must, haVe completed four years of work in an accredited college or university. Although ah engineering degreo is not required the .applicant mdst have included two years of mathematics, a course in physics and a course in chemistry. Suited To Engineering Students Yesterday afternoon Captain W. F. Amsden, director and comrahHdant of the naval reserve of the Ninth Naval District, spoke be|t)|^e a group of . University students. Captain Amsden discussed the portuidties available to a yqnng man in the Naval Reserve. ^.w.S-
Dr. Esther Brunauer will speak at the next meeting sponsored by JXq^Q PffQtO the American Association of Uni- a
versity Women on Wednesday, Dee. 3, in the Women’s lounge of the Memorial Union. The international situation will be the general topiy of her address, and she will probably chose a specific subject on which to elaborate. The meeting will be open to men and women students, who are both cordially inivited to attend.
... of the campus taken in by E. K. Warren, local busine^ man and member of the West Sid.® Selective Service Board, hRS placed on display in the lobby by the University AvisUdR Unit. The picture shows h\any <0|p|w; spaces on the campus of 13 yiMW® ago, most of which are now pied by buildings. . /I®
perdue Exponent
Friday, Nbwmer 2$, iim
i-
'■ '■'§’ '•. ■! . s s standing in the way of full-specd-■is ;ti\e ^ueat^cuii you hear pondered Iftiwpe-than almost any other one today and pC: fl[hestion to which you hear more varypei?so«^ Inch^ numerous high in the administration, lay the blame “lagging production.” Reasons for this, say, asOifiMP^hfc ^trikes, ,la^k: of ?§uffimatc^al^i^. uncooperative capitalism; ^ts^her^j al^O incluehag numerous high i officials in the administration, declare that the Lihiiherghs and the Wheelers and their fo.lfEjnsets arorhlonh'mg the attempts of the ‘'allouters’* to.do anything. ^w^^rojnvnrhene.ve'Siit, it look as if the ;AmerIcau constitute the bottleneck in the situation. . It’s all, so simple,. If you are going on a trip, )yh^t,is -the first thing you do? Unless you ace completely crazy,, you will decide where
you,are, going, ov at least, khat cbutetiyou intOftd -tbf-travfikAXhoh . ^ou vaw^ ihow much to allow for expenses, hoW many clothes to take, how to apportion your time. What the American people have to do— ^ and quickly—^ to ihake up their minds where they are going, or at least in what general direction. Then, when some definite goal is in everyone’s miudi-thO wheels wilthavoa’Ceason to turn faster and the talk of disunity will subside,■ A . ’Vm^ This is not a suggestion that one' aide or the other be hushed up, so there will only be one aim spoken oU it is a warning to that enormous “Ayho caries?”' group tp) thlnjk aeriously about this matter of our partioipatian in world aflfairs anarfta determine what; road thoy believe America i‘Shouldrfollow. f,Then, when: the clouds have cleared, no one can say that the United gktates again “blundered” into something that wasn’t good for it.—tDaily Texan.', , . ... ., .
‘ 'New, 1P,/1941^'’/4'
L'
mnM
ws^Sp^iml
onvoy December/
3—-nr^-TT
• . • .;V
By Dr^w Pearson and Robert S. Allen
^Waii't Stand For Any ll^i^yalty-—T-.Phil Murray Tojlfs CIO Intersanction ; • W'asbiHgton, Nov. 27—The first thiag' konost, earnest Phil Murray •did lifter his unanimous re-relection as CIO president was to summon the entire national CIO staff before him and'-, deliver: ;a very meaningful lecture on “loyalty.” With a few exceptions the CIO sl^ff.xwas; originally appointed' by John Lc Lewi-s, and most of them continued to play close ball with JoUh.i L. -after Murray: took over 'the:driv€r*s seat. Prominent among those.present at this secret carpet sdgsieHi w^ere; Allan Haywood^ organization director and an old •liew'is henchman; John T. Jones, legislati-ve representative and a ■'loiT|:-time Lewis lieutenant; Lee Pressman, leftwing general coun'sel; and comptroller J. Raymond Bell,, Lewis’ brother-in-law. Murray made no. threats, but he implied plenty. He made it , .-teny clear that he knew what had gone on behinlNjis back and invlcndccl- to have nu more of it. Henceforth-,he was going to he bass in practice as well as in name. “For a year I have said nothing about many things I knew‘were taking place,” he said quietly. “I have been aware of everything that ‘was said and done. But from now on I want^YoU to know that I won’t stand for any disloyalty from any,.one. This, convention-has given me a mamkite and I intend to see that . it ,-is fulfilled. Either you will be loj'^l to me, or you \yin get out.” Murray’s private lecture was a follow,-up of his closing speech to . the convention castigating “thuggery” and “jurisdictional raids^” Both Wasts were aimed directly at the United Construction Workers, whcise chief, A. D. “Denny” Lewis, .was appointed to the $10,000-a-year job jjy bis brother, John L. nie Construction W’ o r k e r s have been raiding other unions and have stirred up a hornet’s ucst of indignation within the CfO. Also, this union has barged 'into fields only remotely related to; construction. It granted a
charter to a Gommuriist-controll-ed teamsters local in Minneapolis:! and isi. organizing service em-' ptoyes-in Mew 'Y^'ck , City apartments and Yale College. Actual-: ly the union has only a few construction locals. I Murray has done nothing about this, but in his blistering speech he served notice that he was going to. ' - ■ ■ “Labor unions- -are never built by the use of thuggery and-'brass knucks,” he said grimly. “And as president of this organization I do not intend to allow jurisdictional raids. I slrall not stand for any backstairs maneuvering.” « Sneret Na»» Codl© : . J. Edgar Hoover has uncovered a new ty-pe of secret code uaed by the Germans in communicating with agents , in this country. It is based on the latest American bestselling novels.' Each agent is assigned a number and also a. novel or non-fiction book, One man may have number 88, and the novel, “Gone With the Wind.” Another may have “The Nine Old Men.” Instead of carrying a code book around.with him, which would be incriminating if discovered, he carries tire innocent book. 'Phe he gets a wireless message reading something like this: 88-24-6, 78-9, 204-3, etc. The first number is his designation as agent 88. The next number, 24, refers to a pa’ge of the book, and the next number refers to a line. The first letter in the line is the letter required. By the next number combination he gets another letter and gradually makes up the words of the secret message. This code defied counter-espion-age until G-men caught one of the agents and broke him dowm. He confessed that the book he was carrying, “All- This And Heaven Too,” was his code book, and he explained the entire system to Hoover’s men. This''was the key which led to the FBI’s dramatic spy seizure, in which 33 Nazi agents were cdught in a single trap. • • Merry-Go-Round Said Mrs, Lionel A-twi ll at a cocktail party to Rear Admiral John H. Towers, Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, “Jack, you’re a Rear Admiral, aren’t you? How many drinks does it take to make a full admiral ?” . . . Army officers bound for China get their final orders not from War or State Departments, but from a quiet little ex-professor of economics, Lauchldn Currie, Secretary to the President. . . . When Japanese envoy Sahuro Kurusu arrived at the Washington airport, three Oriental newsmen were on hand to meet him—Japanese correspondents Masuo Kato and Clarke Kawakami; and Chinese correspondent, Joe Chiang. When the two Japanese saw the Chinese, they proceeded to frisk his pockets, lookingfor arms. Actually, it was a joke— the three Oriental newsmen remain friends. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
A Wo received -a letter yesterday from sumoune ivafiting to. know w'hat the “GrewHornot Club”was all a-hofit; We wish we knew ourselves,' Here' are' the only particulars we could get for the time being: The organization was started at Columhus, It’s- charter members are mainly Thetas on.the feminine side, and a fair sprinkling of all the fraternities on the male'side. :The only thing- the clqb has evfer done is to .waste time.^ns we see it- Get on the bal-i. you antateur sleuths, and let’s uncover this thing! Here aye some recent pinningsiein the campus: Rip Landers has put his 'Sig’^ Ep pin on Alpha Chi Ooddy Hamilton. This about broke the heai'ts of-the KUR'deam of'WebsterStorms- Betty Briscoe, Alpba Chi pi-exy, is now sporting the pin of DU Bob Tilt. Soon there wopT he a ‘ gal without a pin over there at the
Awful ehi-’.s.
■ BUI Lindsay finally broke' down and put his Beta pin oh Theta Pat McLougblin, It was a noble gesture, even, if he did borrow a brother’s
pin to do it.
Ginny Wright of the Chr O’s has taken her sixth Lambda Chi pin— this one from Paivnee Meyers. Sounds-like'a' habit'to us.- ;- • • ' .' Congratulations tO' alb concerned^ iLet’s see how long you can make it last. “ - • r 1 ■ We hear that -Chi 'O 'Gandy- Hbgue )has been trying to get Frank Lake’s ■ kphi i since' Septemher all" to no /avail.! Keep trying, gal, he’s bound to weaken. ' " ' -!<-i;I)iotty- Sigib is ud' lbnger) Wearing .Ralplb .Nesl©r‘s; Phi Delta pin. We’'re itold: that she:, has:: it 'in -her desk •'di!ai»ei'hJtWough, ''hnd just has him, .^?oh ppabatidn.” What they won’t think up next! " '1 u (After ireadihgdast' Sunday’s^Ttlh(Uflei'W'einwtedthat' Purdhe's .’“yoiith i'bAtbema'mpus” happ'ened to be all IThetasl) Coincidence ?' Or- othetwisO ? The’" Debris beauty contest should tell the tale.' " -:i Welb' the! inevitable has'happened.; JeannciMoses i.s now wearing’ a ring, frdnv her-mah hack-ho'm^: Do .i hear-a few hearts breaking? Anyway,: congratulations, Jeannie, and
good luck. - J-**?-.■!(■,'t ‘r'' f '
■ !v Wonder what- Ann Bruce Cox,'.DC :pledg'e; was doing 'on 'the special going to Chioagb before -vaeationi since •she lives div Evansvillei Maybe the wolfish brakeman by the name of Ellis is the explanation. . , Roscoe (Himself) Starek can now; foam around his old haunts as iin, 'days of old. Dottic Weber gave up:
‘'■W , W, Lafayette, Ind-
Office of the Editor, ' ,„ , . , ,
Dbar Sir- * War Behind the Headlines” wiB,
'-f, -...".w,;- At he.the-topic-of Betty Wpoh’s -talk
:r^S AterbSted tn- ybur edb convocation t6 be tobial of mm 'Mbthing’s K^ponent; Music Hall Sunddy, Dec. masmueh, f, from the same con^ 3 p. m. Betty Wasbil, HE >33 cqpt, have formed a conception the Indianapolis, Is being brought to
very antithesis of yours. I'admit
thy'coneeptiorii'o'f-the: laoor-dapRor ...f „ . ' 7- ■ riituaflons^ds' biased in- faVor-of J^e-will tell of espionage.actwn «oA It -seemstto nm that'fdU'dr* her own expevienc^ to EUj more ptejiidiced in fayor of capital, f ^ a roving Ww-e^resppnd^. V J' r 4.u„ In the latter capacity, she claims the You givO fthe:.the.;impvessiQn of the ‘ , .v tolerant: parents Ayhose - patience is "If-f 3/ exhausted by-the urijust'aspirations 4™ ^ i. g P i'® 9 en e A -A-17 . lui if, ^ „„„ than any other woman oorresponof a greedy child-f “the labor move- , . i,. ^
ment,, is acting -like a spoiled child
andfh^ld toSHkcd.^ You'used Nor^ and Greece for CBS the expresdhmf tobw' the labor first news correspongroup which has been given so dent to give an eyewitness account
miich;’!'as:iT;labor has been the of theanvasion of Norway. beMeflciary from the munificent im- Arrested By Nazis
pulse of an altruietic capital. You As she left Greece, on -her return referred to strike's and conflicts— from Europe this summer, she -yms failed to Specify conflicts—on the arrested and held by the Nazis, industrial front ,as selfish and These experiences and others in Shouid be foi-gptton, since national : Czechoslovakia, Finland, Norway, defense is so important. You men- Rm-nania, and Turkey will be re-
tioned that during World War I jated.
the War Labor Board adopted the , . students with passports and those policy of status: quo in the indus- ^ho hold season passes will be adtrial front. Also, you mentioned fitted To the convo. Other people that labor is lacking in responsi- tickets % 55'cents. A bility, reception in the Union will follow I believe- that' anyone, familiar the conyochtion. e,h,a. with the conditions under which :
Xi Sipma Pi lni|iat,es Three New Menihers At Banquet Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry
those b.il-iard cues for'Clarinet and truitiboiie, respectively, when Rdehiesr 'ter 'bring-s'tjtiem■ the tidings that he has found the hottest jazz truippethr :irt Pix-ieland, who turns out to be Brian ponlevy. All this goes ofi :ih Taramount’s “Birth of the Blues,” opening Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre, with MaryTTPartin. - ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
mat Goes
labor li-yes and works and qf the labor-capital sitiiation, recognizes fhe social and economical necessity for the elevation of labor's status, from where it has been relegated. Forced to fight for its just place in
the industrial ' world, labor has honorary, initiated J. R, Abernathy, adopted the strike as a combative Badcliff, and S. D. Suddarth weapon to gain recognition by cap- Wednesday in a meeting- in the
Horticultural Building. Immediate-
, , ■ ' ly following-the initiation, members It is unfortunate-, that to times attended a banquet at the West La-
like these. capitaLtakes advantage Country Club, of an amenable situation to refuse , . Vr r.
, , . T . , , , J. L. Van Camp, assistant state to havgain fairly-with labor, know- , • 4. , i , t i.1 X -J. 1 .. . „ , . extension forester and guest speaking that-if a strike IS ca led, and , , , , ^ , n j '4.1 ■
ev of the-banquet, talked on the subject, “Progress of Forestry in Indiana.” Former members of the honorai'y, Capt. J. L, Ruby and Rt. C. L. Baum, of the military department, were among the guests at the ban-
quet. e.h.a.
a little propaganda is •• leleased through the capifal conti-olled'news-papers, the public \till get the superficial impression that labor is a mercenary monster, concerned' only in its pecuniary gain.-So; capital receives the public’s sympathy, and labor becomes the target of malicious condemnation, as a force responsible for impairing national preparedness. Labor cannot„b.e held
iWealey Coeds Entertain Boy Friends At Kid Party
^ , Coeds will entertain their boy
responsible for capital s refusal to j- . , , , -.x. , ri . . , ,, ,4 V . friends tonight at a Wesley Foun-bai-gain and to accede to fair re- , t,,.. i^.on
quests. When capital did not bargain ■ simpulously during World Wav I with labor, strikes were called, and as you stated, the War Labor Board wisely fixed the todus- ' trial relations stat-ieally, which: allowed'industrjf to' operate- without -being hampered: by strikes; -thus labor’wu's stripped ofYts bargaintog poteney and capital became the sole adininisti-atiye force ;in ’industry) and Doin' this situation: thousands of. inillionaiyes were, tn.ade. • If it is a Hitler method to force
•a"closed shop, then it is certainly struction, has been named general -a' Hitler method to force labor to secretary of the Indiana Manufacrelinquish her powers of protection turers’ of Dairy Products organiza(stopping strikes), ft-jus('i.sn’t coll- tioii, effective Deceinbev 1. sistent with democracy. Why not Hadley, who has been teaching
dation “kid party” from 8 to 10:30. All-day suckers will be provided for each couple. Everyone should dress
in typical kid clothes.
Darrel Roach, chairman in charge of the affair, has announced that a charge of ten cents per person will
be made, p.g-.h.
Incliand' E^airymeii Name Hadley (aener^l Secretary C. G. Hadley, assistant state supervisor of agricultural education in the State Department of Public In
Well now that vacation is over and everyone has spent all week catching- up on the ’ sleep they lost during those four gift days, it is time to figure out what to do with that date for- tonight that you got about two or three weeks ag-o. , WGOH? I If'you like to daiice,, the Union has set aside the north ballroom :t'p.r the-annual Harvest Hop. The alfair is'-:'boing called' 'seini-eoed bid. (That i's 'they d'on't'car-b whether the bey'oi- gdl'l 'pay:s the '$1.10’aS' long a-s 'Raostoto'lt takes out-'hi's ten cents woi-th.) Bobby Moore and his or-ehesti-g will ptoy for the dance in the'joey atmosphere, of 's■^yeaters, .skiVtsi rind saddle shdes^with confetti’ and "strea-iners given- to the dancers to add to'the gaiety. ■ '-WGOH?,.- ' 'Tbriight will open ■tho t'wb-day fun of'.fhe fifth anmial Aqu'acade, in the Fieklhouse pool.- The 'w'atei'- ■will be-giii'-sp’a.shing abo-ut 8 o'clock"to'nig'ht as ■ the Dolphin and'Triton Clubs - cooperate in making this, y-ear’.s show different fi-onv:t-he usual rito-of-the-inill. water shows. For a .swell evening o:f ontertaininent we sincerely recommend, this 'year’s Aquacade. WGOH? Don’t forget to send your tails and tuxes out to be cleaned and pressed today, as there are gobs of foi-inals tomorrow night lield by several local .fraternities and sordritie.s. Until, then— v,-c'l! Kce you around!
I BII'.i'NDI.Y .SLltVICK B.>m(!< (bis ;m«i| 0:1
Ivan Wilson,young American artist, is exhibiting a gi-oup qfkis -wa-tef-colov' paintinfe-S for- a MiovtlMmc in the Applied- Design Building. Approximately 25- pictures, which have beeu judged among the best works of Wilson, are included in tho display. ' The paintings include scenes from the artist’.s home in Kcntuek.y, and a :few water-colors which -wefoidonc in Holland on the artist’s Ipst trip there shortly before the war broke out. The paper and paints are .exactly the same type as the materials , used by pupils taking- art vyork horc. Wilson is a teacher at WostornTeacher's College to Bowlin.g'Green, Ky. He be.gan exhibiting quite r<3-, cently and it is thought by tho applied design department that: ^r. Wilson i.s one of the foremost watercolor painters of the times, c.f.h. Student Allimce.,^^:,^ . . . will sponsor a movie,: p. m.-tonight in room 129 of EE building.
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.-
ask capital to play faiiv
Youi's ’ sincerely,:: Marvin Lynch.
.'aiukhc now hits his DU pin back for his'vcry own. It lookstos though the Unioh’ is in' for 'a rough ti'me'bf- it -now. 'Heincinbei* (he old moftfcO’ Ros■coe: “In Union there is .strehgth’-’k--01-:.-.; . “United we stand; divided,
we fall.” - - . .
' FlashfbWe-hcAr-fronf the'Sighfa •<Ghto-- (and' ’ the Thetas!) ■ ' that!'' AI ■Mpnke has ■discovOfcd'the' idealtime to-put out a 'piri.' Ginny- Lee Mac-'DonaW'i-s the lueU.v .girl,'of'course. Jt’s a’bout t'ima, -Al, but a trade din- . MferfeSW,. APrilSrittg L
ROSENTHAL'S . 322^Majn St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGregor sportswear
vocational ag-ricultui-e at Moores■ville and at Noblesville' since his graduation from Iievc in 1925, obtained his master’s degree from the ..University in 1937. t.m.s. G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT; POINT APPLIANCES
BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP
ZI3 State St. Dial 5952
pumm. All-American i940-'41
^nttred Jis second class matter at the post office in Latriyctte, Indiana, wndor th© act ©f Congress ©f March 3, 1879, and at the special-rate of postage;'proyidrid foV in seotipM act 9f Gfetoher 3, i|>J7, authorized January 20, 1922. published daily except Monday duritig the regular acadcnilc year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for i$3.50 per year, mail sub'ac.fiptions, ^1.00,
. ^Uor-iii-Ciuef Nik* Baiiwr KpUrln Bdituf
Ned A. Ochiltree ..John I4. Traugott .....PWl Johnson
Busineas Manaser.. Managing Editor Coed Editor...
:.Do,n S. Powers ..Liglsiid W..RuKner :.....::..-..:Rnth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors ddNiwrUI Btaff! J K Amos, J. H. Armstrong, O. T. Brophy, R; !>. Ifetik'r. L Jones, E, G. Kifeper. kdbbrta'tttgff J'Ct. T. Clgrh, J. 1), Eraser, J, S. Keeler. SlaRlJiferj' K. Upyuton, Alice GliatUetd, Jane ganpjiJcJJ.' |ljd'»iiiiiwi.. ag>.i ".'W <1,1.. iw' ■‘i.i.iw W'"«
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: fjoiina Siess: Office Manager: Lee Pp..saw>jf- ■ ; ■ ■ ' tLocal.Advertising Managers: K.-IC. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; ' Circulation Manager: W. T. pell; Accounts Manager; W. p. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd. -Jidia Mnetin. » -
Bhenest BliteiHiil anil Business/40()S; Sports, 219Z ;A
ft^epred;e.p,tuti for national advertising lt>y N^itional Advertis* ^ ing Service, Inc., Collei^e Publishers Representatives, 420 M^disp.i) Ave., New Yyri^r N. Y*- '
Staff Fpr This Issu© Issue Editor: Smith Reporters; W. Summers, A. L. Wickard, C. Hass, E. Ahrens, „ , . D- Ochiltree, J. l.uuer, T. Sheud, W. Rafert, P. Stenberg, D. Sports Editor: Keeler Pickering, L. Slone, P. G, Hoffman, W. G. Hoskins, G. W, Starr. D, Glass.
jyiflit BdUari JpoM Asjr^ edhara Bpyntoa
’f
Cf I ■T-
f'lI
^ vHi'Sity basketball s(|uad^ and' Diutch Peh'ririg’s freshmen^ ,arc drilling tufl sptoed ahead the annual fvoshhaaUetball game whkb is scheduled to eomfe off next Tuesday, tlfccemher 2, gt 7;30 p. m. ih the FieWhw^e. No Selections Y,et ’ As yet ^Toa^Jfir Fehring hasn’t made\any selection 'of Ehinios to moot ‘the vapsitji s^uad. It’s a bit Too soon for a seieetidn as Coach Behring just' toi^k. the frash squad over flam ‘''Pi^gy*’ Cdhibert a day or so ago, 6o^(^ Eambevt having ebaehed the ffesbmen the first nine weeks ot pia'ctice, while Coach Behring assisted vvHh' football. As for the varsity, Liambart gave the following probable starting lineup: Bprowl and Blahken at forwards, Menke at center, Conrad and Eiley at guards. Menke, the probable center, is the only sonhemore on the ^varsity lineup. Heavy Cuts At the start of the basketball season this yeai, there were approximately ' 100 men out for the varsity and freshmen teams; 85 varsity applicants and 125 fiosh. Since then Lambeit assumed the role of the ‘'man with the'seythe,” and cut the squads down to workable size of about 22 varsity men and about the same number ol freshmen. Since the ond of football season the number of men on both the vaisity and fi’osh teams has been boosted by a few new ex-football players. The vai’sity has been augmented by “Frosty” Spiowl, “Iron Man” Johnson and Bob Chester. These men still expect a jolt oi two whenever they get within lunging range of an opponent, but after a few workouts they’ll lose the largest part of their tenseness, and settle down to the basketball routine that “Piggy” has laid out for them. „e.d.s.
RrOQt^fn Fe^tUfBS Msny Si^ts 0^ Eastwood Annour^oes LatesfH^ii^
P Kir T^r^]r»Viin onirl T^vi'frvn c^nrimminfir VinTir^Tafioci
SpoEsopecl' by Dolphin ^nd Triton swimming honoraries, the fifth annual Aquacade will make its initial bow at 8 o’clock tonight in the Fieldhouse'pool before an estimated crowd of 600, As usual, the colorful water carinval will be presented again tomorrow evening for the benefit of those who will be unable to attend tonight’s performance. Coach Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming mentor, reported that ticket sales have been brisk for this fine aquatic event, the proceeds of which — will be used to send the mem- year old Women’s National Chambers of the swimming squad to the Boilei maker freshFt. Lauderdale, Florida, dur- 7"' ®‘''> ’'“1“ *7 7> . ,, . slso cover a distance of 200 yards mg the Christmas vacation, tonight, and lOO yaids tomorrow
where they will condition them- evening.
selves for their arduous swimming gophomore John Dilley will atschedu e. tempt to break the world’s record One of the featuie events on to- for the 76 yard backstroke in tonight’s program will be the 200 night’s performance. Tomorrow he yard race between Joe Williamson will team with Heidke and Kratzer, and Eoy Heidke, two of the nation’s and the trio will try to break the outstanding breast stroke swim- 160 yard medley relay mark,
mers. Tomorrow evening this pair
will race again over a distance of ^uirey Hubley, the National Y 100 yaids. champion; Barbara Biook, the forPatty’s Back Again! mer National Diving champ, and Another fine breast stioke race Pete Eeasor, the 12 year old diving will feature Patty Aspinall, 15 marvel.
Girls’ Ballet
The spectatois will be treated to another fine exhibition in the form of the gills’ ballet, which features twelve lovelies in red, white and blue bathing' swts. Since the girls will be weaving flippers on their feet in this event, they will not have to u§e their aims to remain afloat during the five minutes in which they are m the water. This is a novel feature in a very coloiful spectacle, i.w.k.
In Survey Oh Cetises, Of FwtBall injuries
YOU
at your best by the OLAN MILLS PORTRAIT STUDIOS on the Levee
This IS the second and last of a Series of artiol^s making nublic some of the included in the annual football fatality survey of Doctor Floyd R Edstwood. prtxfessor of physical education OP this campus. By Jim Fraiser 1 fn addition to the fildiball fhtality survey conducted by' Doetto'^Eastwood for the past nin’6' years, a study was mude, last year, that dealt with injuries exclusively, This survey was made by E. E. Burnham, head freshman football coach on this campus. The larger amount of detail work connected witlji a study of this type forced Burnham to limit the scope of the report to college ploy aione. As ihighf be expected, Burnham’s findings have coincided with the results of Doctor Eastwood’s report, and any figures in the fatality survey may be assumed to vaiy only slightly fiom those in the injury report. Fatal October On averaging the fatalities of the past nine years, it was found that 40 pei cent of the fatal accidents occurred in October, the third and fourth weeks claiming the largest total. Last yeai, however, the fourth week in September proved to be the fatal week, although no reason for the difference is known. In 1936, information was requested on the length of time the player was in the game before the accident occurred. This infoimation would help lay the blame on either the lack of a warm-up period or fatigue. The figuies fOr the past five years seem to indicate that more players
1* Southworth’s
‘ ii i ^ I sj
FOR A PERFECT WEliK END
fs
y J, VOif I? IF YOU HAVE INVlT^p, YjOUK PEST GIRL FROM HOME 1,7 >.V ML • t ‘ “If you >Yaul lo bo iloiibly sure ibal your , "is i 1' r ,' • ‘ 5 ' iiii])orl enjoys her«eU', make arraugemenls
hpeakiiig ol
(and groeeries)
for her to slay in ibe Union Club. She’ll ap- \ M ‘ 1 f ' II > preciale the private telephone, ithe modern, attractive furnishings, the prompt maid ser- ’ L i.l ' 1' i vice, and the private bath, inquire at the East Desk.
TlikimfuaL 'linimL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
We are happy lo have been of Service lo Purdue students by providing a temporary directory. Now that this Who’s Where Directory has served its purpose we are ready for the Bfc ^RAWING Sal., Nov. 29, 1941 4 ;00 p. m. ' ! 1 1 ‘ Be sure lo he on hand*-’—it may he you who “takes home the groceries” (or the wherewith'all). miE 3oa-io siAfE vrwEEr WEJT^LAFAyeriE »N»
are injuied during either the first five-01 the last five minutes of the game, thus leaving the cause still in doubt. Eight in step with these figures was the finding that most deaths occur in the fii'st and fourth periods of a college game. Weak Spot Up until last year-, tackling, which caused a majority of the fatalities, most fi’equently resulted m head injuries. Last year, spinal oi internal injuries predominated which indicated that better headgear was being used, but exposed the fact that protection for the spinal column and internal organs was still inadequate. A roll call of the states leveals that Pennsylvania’s total of 35 deaths in the 1931-1940 period is the largest m the nation. New York, Illinois, Texas and California follow in order. Ipdiana was far down on the list, with only six deaths in the nine year period. A bright note was sounded last year when Illinois and Texas, two high total states, rode out the year without a single fatal-
ity.
Fine Work The 76 per cent i eduction in football deaths since 1931 is a shining example of what the sincere efforts of a few men can do to better the sports of the nation’s youths. Doctor Eastwood’s leading lole in the movement is a tribute to the grand game of football, to Purdue, and to himself.
WhaPs'Cookin', Bud? Do you know what the newest thing is on the campus? It’« nota scandsl in the Kappa house, or the fact that skirts are getting longer <go/we hhar), or a bomb in Heavilon Hall, oi a fifth column faction. No, It's the PILLEEETTES. Who are they? Well, it’s a longi story. For a couple of years how |fie wives and the secx’etaries of the ring leaders of the famous Pill Itplle^rs have been listening between amputations to endless lamenting about their bowling team. It got to kind of playing on these girls’ nervea, yhu know, like listening to water drip, di ip, drip, or to some one talking about their ,Operati,Qn.,,e , - QrganijE^d In Self Defense So in self defense this galant band decided the only thing to do to keep peace in the Health Service and a couple of homes was to organize a bowling team of their own and really give the Pill Eollers some competi-
tion.
Members of the newly organized team are Mrs. S. J. Miller, Mrs* Fted Willis, and Jane Hawkins, Alys Jones, and Carolyn Houk, the latter three assistants in the Health Service. A large number of persona hgve applied for positions as coach of this eiacking new outfit, but we understand from close sources that Tom Melton holds the inside positim* for the job. . _ , , 1^ Sunday Night Comes The Revofution With Di. Bertha Eose on the sidelines cheering them on in tho ofllciaf capacity of head cheer leader, the Pillerettes will face thcPill Bolleps in then first test Sunday evening at 8. Both teams wilj. have a large gathering on hand, but there’s no doubt that Dr. Eose should have the biggest cheer section, as there are a lot of people, ourselves included, who would. really like to see the Pillerettes go to town. ^ It's Getting Real Serious This bowling situation is getting more serious than most peoplesuspcet. For instance, Lon Mann and his Fieldhouse team of coaches.the Fieldhouse against the Administration Building, the home of the Scglth Service, the other evening, and went down to defeat, leaving the' Pill Eollers in possession of that massive structure. In the not too distant future a team of football players is going to take a great chance’to win the Fieldhouse back, as they plan tp put up BossAde Stadium against that building ip an all out attempt against the Pill Eollers. If Can't Happen Here If the giiddeis don’t win this one we’ll be in an awful shape. We’ll have to hold our basketball games in the Memorial Gym or back in the Jefferson gym, and play football on West Side’s gridiron.
Paul Yauch To,Resume Sohedufes
WBAA'Sports Review'
Paul E. Yauch, member of the Lafayette Journal and Courier sports staff, will resume his weekly “Spoits Eeview” broadcast over WBAA today at 6:30 p. m., presenting sidelights and predictions of Indiana high school basketball games.
BA^KETBAhL-rTOPAT
Court 1—Harry S(!hTyat2
7 .00 Carry Ball 3 va. Cary Hall U7:15 Cary Hall 13 va- Cary H^l 6. 8:00 Cary Hall ll va> Cary Hall 6. 8.16 War3 36 vs. Ward t3.
Court 2—Jim Rafferty
7:00 Gary Hall 15 vs, Cary Hall 7.
7:15 Cary Hail 1 vs. Cary Halt 9. 8 00 Ward 27 vs. Ward 11. 8:15 War^ 29 vs. Ward Si
Court 3—Buffinston
7 .00 Cary Hall 2 vs, Cary Hall 10. 7 -15 Cary Hall 4 vs, Cary Hall 12.
8 00 Ward 34 vs Ward 9. 8:15 Ward 25 vs,. Ward 31-
EXCITING is the word for this threesome, who are starred in the new 20th Century-Fox hit, “I Wake Up Screaming” which is slated to open Saturday at the Mars Theatre. Betty Grable, Vic Mature and Carole Landis make a great triumvirate—who, critics, agree, are three of the
best of Hollywood’s younger stars.
> Urey Cords ^3.18 ^ Suede Pants ^3.08 ^ Fingertip Coats $3.98 up Reliable Clothing Co.
224 Main St.
First CluthiiiH Store Across Levee
SQUASH—TO0AV Cour£ X. 2 and 3 7 00 Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Chi. 7 15 Phi Delta Theta vsi Theta Tau. 8 30 Sigma Phi Epsilon Triangle. TOUCHBARI^TODAY (Final) Field 9—^Captain-Btlt Phi Delta Theta or Phi Kappa P^t Vs. Sigma Chi
N
Riveter Squash Team Meets lAC Tomorrow Making their first trip of the ydav the Eiveter squash racqueteers journey to Indianapolis tomorrow wheie they will engage the Indianapolis Athletic Club. This meeting will be the first of a series of three matches in which the two teams compete each yeai. Two Riveters Out Two regular membei's of the Boilei maker squad have been forced opt due to illness. These men, Boyd and Fant, will be replaced by sophomoies. Each squad will pit eight players against the other in an attempt to take possession of the batteied tea pot which is symbolic of supremacy between the two teanqs. Captain Gene Adams will again be at the number one position for the Riveters. The number two post will be held down by Norm Goldstein, while Dave MaoMiliau will handle the-third position.
e. «-» . . YOU’ISM ALWAYS WELC©3I*E AT WALGHE'EN’S
If \ ou*re ruit in We BEWARE ’ of Wits End Love Not^I Tlvey’ie sure to leadyou slraigbt ua^to a heart flutter. But il you aie snuttfn with the enjoyable heart malady ^(lo M. D. can cure —Wits ptescti]j|^3 LOVE NOTES as the first ati 16 romance slartets are ihfts# 1(1 a Hearty pinL Hov . 32 aHeels ija. with, 16 envelopej ui rpmantia shaj;*, 'ih« tav« story <*»'•<• ’••a ^ h onv you writ* ^ (Purdue Exponent
GRIN AND BEAR IT
S?'"'
' Aviation cadet examining board vllil be on campus next week to iffiterview all students who haVe applied for cadet aviation training siiice it was last here. The board is headed by Major Joseph E. Modrc. It is the second appearance of the board on campus this fall, as it exaihihed applicants from October 28 to November 1. ' Anyone between the ages of 20 aind 26 years is eligible to apply for training, providing he pas had two years of college training or has Massed an educational examination. Those who fail to pass the physical exartiinations are eligible to enroll aV ground crew workers or engineers providing the other qualifications are met. ' Those who pass the examining board will be formed into units of students.. These will be called the Boilermaker Flying Units and Will receive training together. Each Uhit will be composed entirely of tJniversity students. Scabbard and filadc, national military honorary, IS sponsoring the examinations. ; Cadets who take the extensive training course for six months will Be paid $75 per month as well as being furnished with uniforms, eiquijpment, food, lodging, dental and medical services. At the end of this six month period cadets are eligible to receive a commission in ih* Air Corps Reserve as second lieutenants. V Students who have made applifeatiOns for interviews will be examine A When it does not conflict with &eir class schedules. Blanks that have-not yet been turned in should he returned to the adjutant’s office in the Armory as soon as possible. Anyone interested in this branch of 6ur armed forces can obtain blanks at the same place if the qualifications for entrance are adequate. Prof. C. Geltz Named Captain Of State Guard Prof. C. G, Geltz of the University forestry staff, has received an appointment as captain in the Indiana State Guard, an organization Which replaces the Indiana National •Guard while it is in federal service. During the first World War Geltz lerVed with Troop A, 1st U. S. Cavalry, on the Mexican border and since that time has held a commission in the Officers’ Reserve Corps, in his new post, he will act as training officer and plans officer, working With both Col. Wm. B. Sailors, commanding 2nd Inf., and Maj. W. H. A'oung of Lafayette, commanding jhe first battalion, 1st Inf. of the State Guard, d.c.p.
“Calm yourself, Pop—you oughta know the sponsors won’t let Captain Blaze get killed.”
Outing Club Will Inspect Kickapoo Falls Tomorrow Tomorrow afternoon the University Outing Club will conduct a trip to Kickapoo Falls. All those attending must notify Gail Hennis or Opal Balgrave before noon today. Each person will be charged 35 cents to cover the cost of food and transportation. The group will meet in front of the Armory at 1 p. m. From there the members will drive the 16 miles to the falls, d.c.p.
1,000 H^ar
‘ (Continued from page 1)
auto and muleback. He explained that Americans hear too much of bull fights, parrots, beautiful senoritas and gay life rather than the poverty of the majority of the people, the fleas, bad water, and lack of fresh meat and vegetables. He contrasted these conditions with the freedom ejijoyed by “Indiana”:
farmers.
Since graduation .from the University of Illinois in 1935, Strohm has traveled over 70,000 miles in Europe and South America studying forei^j^^-ricultural and political condufJns, and has interviewed many prominent figures on short wave broadcasts.'w.e.r..
PI A To Hold Skating Party Tomorrow Night' At 10 PIA will hold a skating party at Maple Point tomorrow night from 10 to 12. All PIA membex's planning to attend ai’e requested to sign up in the PIA office today before 5 p. m. Tickets will not be sold at the dopr. The bus will leave the Union at 10 p. m. tomorrow to take those going to the party to the rink, c.f.h. Prof. T. K. Noss To Speak To Hiilei Foundation Prof. T. K. Noss, of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak on “Current Problems” at a meeting of the Hillel Foundation at 7 p. m. Sunday at the Foundation house. A dinner at 6:30 will precede the talk which will be followed by dis-
cussion. w.e.r.
By Uchty Qibhens Publisher Kafisas War Article Victor E, Gibbens, of the English department, published an article in the November issue of the Kansas Historical Quarterly called “Letters on the War in Kansas in 1866”’ Gibbens has written an explanatory intx’oduction to the letters of John Lawrie, written during the war. Lawi’ie’s home and family were on a farm near Chalmers, Indiana. First written to Lawrie’s brother, Arthur, the letters were preserved in the latter’s diary, and deal with the activities of John, who went to Kansas and fought on the side of the Free State men there in the summer of 1856. w.g.h. Poultry Judging Team
Prof. C. S. Shaffner who has Coached the poultry judging team fpr sevei-al weeks left with the team yestei'day for the judging contest in Chicago. Team members who went with him were R. B. Arvidson, J. L. Ramp, Chaides Reed and C. R. Shepherd. Three of these men will compete in the contest with one man attending as alternate. Last year’s team, coached by Prof, E. E. Schnetzler, placed second in a field of 15i Only seniors may place on the teaxn. Prof. SchafFner entertained the judging team last night with a tux'key dinner at his home. Also attending were several of the teaching staff. g.w.s. Deay To Address Members Of Strawberry Managers Dr. H. 0. Deay, of the entomology department, will attend the annual meeting of the Indiana Sti’awbei’ry Association at Spring Mill State Pai’k next Thursday, Dr. Deay will deliver an address before managers and directors on “Insects Injurious to Sti’awberries,” Also attending the meeting from the entomology department will' be G. E. Lehker. g.w.s.
Convenes Next Week Convening here next Tuesday and Wednesday, the second annual Comihercial Vehicle School will strive to bring' about more cooperation and understanding among vehicle fleet management and governmental agencies to make commercial traffic more efficient and safe. The public safety institute and the engineering extension department of the University, in cooperation with the Interstate, Commerce Commission and the Indiana State Pblice, are sponsoring this" short course, which is open to all persons interested in the problems of fleet Vehicle safety and management. Registration fee will be one dollar. Tickets for the special luncheon to be held in the west faculty lounge Wednesday afternoon will also cost one dollar. Luncheon tickets may be pui'chased at the time of registra-
tion. p.s.
Friday, Deo. B.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines^ all makes sold, rcntcd» repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606* ^in,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Notices
ASME Mcmlicrs: There will be two inspection trips next week to plants in town. The first trip will be to the Fairfield Manufacturing Company on Tuesday, Mov. 25, at 4 p. m. The second trip will be t(( the Schwab Safe Co. on Nov. 26 at 2 p. m. Those interested should sign notices in front of the ME office.
—TOPINKA
Sophomore Mechanical Engineers: Bring a slide rule to' the ME 90 lecture next week, Thursday, Nov. 27. —CLARK CE 22 Students: The examination to remove C or I grades in CE 22 will be given from 1-4 p. m. Saturday, Nov. 29, in Room 301 of the Civil Bldg. Those interested please see me at once. —SONESON PIA: Skating Party wilL be held Saturday, Nov. 29. PIA members sigh up in the PIA office before 5 p. m. Thursday. 10c registration fee. Bus will leave the Union at 10 p. m. Saturday. —BAIN
ASME: Debrig picture .will be taken Thuraday( Dec. 4. at 7:30 p. m. in.the Union ballroom instead of Thursday, Nov. 27. ■ ,1. . , ‘—Utley GE ’ 35: Removal of Condition; Examination, Dec. 6. Make, arrangements for takiiig the _examination in r^om 200 before
OWEN
DeMolays: '-Smoker and .general get-to-gether foi* active and ma.iorlty member DeMolays at tbC Acacia fraternity on Friday evening, Nov. ‘ 28, at 7 fp. Jha.' ,AU DeMolays on the campus are invited to Attend. ' ‘—SNYDER: WAA Fencing: Practice Tuesday and Friday, Nov. 25 and 28, at 4 p. m, in the woman’s gym. —EMUOFF World Fellowship Banquet: Purdue Christian Foundation will, entertain. the Cosmopolitan Club Saturday, Nov. 30, at 6:16 p. rti. at the Christian Church. Get tickets' from Jim Billingsley or Byron Pistol Team Tryouts: The following listed students are asked tp report to the Armory Dec. 1. at 4 :00 p. m. for pistol tcanrf try-?' outsi: Bower, Bredlow, Brooks, Burroff, Carter,'David, Fischer, Glaspic, Holman. Larson, Lindsay, Morehouse, Madden, Nicholas, Taylor. VanCamp. _bROWN AIME Members: Meeting Tuesday, Dec. 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 356 of the'Union. —STARKEY WAA Members: Harvest Hop tickets must be handed in Friday. Nov. 28, at 4 :00 p. m. at WAA office in Women’s Gym. ^SCHUBER Outing Clui): Trip to Kickapoo Falls Saturday! Nov. 29. Meet in front of the Afcacfy at 1 p. m. Make reservations with Gale Hennis 2907 or Opal Bfagrave, 6755 before Friday noon. —DUERGLER Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the sixth and last novice pistol group starting Dec. 9, should sign up in Supply Room now. —BROWN Wesley Foundation: Party originally scheduled for Friday, Nov. 28, is postponed to Friday, Dec. 5. —ROACH Debate Managers: Important meeting of all forensic managers, debaters, TKA members'and student speakers bureau members tonight in Forensics office. All managers must be pres.ent. if they are seeking junior or senior positions. —LAWLER Roger 'William. Club: Annual picture of the entire club and of the cabinet will be taken Sunday, Nov. 30, in front of the West Lafayette Baptist Church, immediately after the morning church service. Plan to be there. .—ARTMAN Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting of all pledges and actives Friday, Noy. 28, at 4:15 p. m. in the Exponent office. —TRAUGOTT Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting at 5 p. m. Tuesday, Doc. 2, in room 305 of Union. AH pledges must attend. —BIERLEIN Radio Club: Meeting Tucstlay. Dec. 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 5 ol the EE building. —MILES
'X
Freshmeh. Enginters!: Meet'for oh^iiider*' ing lectures by,.schools Saturday: Nov. ,?gj at 8 a. m. Students . whose ;namcs beglh'. AyB (inch) Rooni 264ji:.:BE'RldB^. 'seebhH floor lecture roojn ; F-te .(in'clli Ra0ih,,12d' BE Bldg.: Li-R (IhclJ. Rooih 201, CE fildg;; S-Z, Lecture Room .In; MiOnaei Goldeii Shops. Unexplained Absencos are posted in. Michael Gulden Shopst . -KNAPP , . Pi Tau Sigma : Very , itnpOrtant meeting Friday, Noy. 28, At 4 Aym. 'in-reading rbbtt ME Bldg.' Let’s in be there , as . business important to cVery member 'will be; discussed; —GREGORY, Exponent juniorsi - Sleetihg WedheSdayf DecJ 3, at 4:15 p. m; in' the Exponent ■ • ‘ —TRAUGOTT ■ Episcopal Students: .Corporate Communion at St. John’s Church , Sunday, Nov. 30, at 8 a, m. Breakfast in Parish Hotlse afterwards. -THORNTON': Mechanical. Engineering Students: . In ' FebruUry, 1942, a now i National ASME Membership List will bo published. This directory is distributed to members throUgiiout the World and will include the namea' of all Student Members whose applications' and dues are received by Student Branch Officers before November 28th. If you wish to have yoUr name appear in this book, be sure to turn in your Application and dUcs to Miss LaCavc in the General ME Office before November 28thi . , 7 " ' , • .ii—'raE'OFFICERS • junior and; Sehior Independent: All jUriior and senior independents living outside pf Cary Hall that; wish’ .to run on the Pro-, grossive Prom And; Gala Week A'ickot should turn in petitions','Stating ''qualifications to the PIA office before'Monday, Dec. 1.
—SLEEPER;,
POMM: Mooting Monday, Dec. 1, at i' p. m. in room 105 of the Armory. -
—BUSHNELL
All Male Students; Aviation Cadet Eg--amining Board No. 1 will be in room lOB of Chem. Eng. Bldg., Dec. 1-5 inct., 8:30-4. Application to appear before the boftrd should bo obtained now from the Adjutant's office. Armory. —GRAHAM WesIcy. Foundation. Christian Foundation, Westminster Foundation and Roger Williams Club men: Basketball practice- in Fieldhousc. Court lat 1:30 p. m. Saturday, Nov. 29. Neal, Hawkins, Thomas, and Black meet there at 1. —BLACK Upsllon Upsilon: Farewell party for Brother Johnson Friday night, Nov. 28. at Biltmore. Attendance .compulsory.
' —BARFMAN
Cosmopolitan Club: Social meeting Frl- ’ day, Nov. 28, in room 304^ of the Union at 4:30 p. m. All pledges required to attend. Program for the rest of the semester will bo outlined. Bring dues if possible. Initiation to bo announced.
—KELLAR' ♦ ♦ ♦ M ♦ r
Everything for a " College Education -- DEAC’S
all's Place
POPCORN OALLON 15,
so
LARGE HERSHEY BARS
HANDY
Plain or Almond 15c or 2 for 25c
Cigarettes Drinks
Phi Mu
... pledge class will entertain pledges of other sororitihs at an informal tea at the chapter house tomorrow afternoon from 2 to 4.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store 'Across t'runi Union. ‘*Hod** Saniinoiis *29 **Doc** Epple MU
m
Sisters, mothers, aunts and that wonderful one girl. Christmas shopping is a problem for all men, but not this year. Our stock contains gifts that will delight every girl and woman on your list, and our well-trained clerks are prepared to give you helpful suggestions and courteous service. CHECK THESE SUGGESTIGINS
• Lingerie • Hosiery • Hostess Robes • Negligees • Bed Jackets • Pajamas • Slippers • Millinery • Umbrellas
• Scarfs • Jewelry • Gloves Handbags • Handkerchiefs • Sweaters , ' • Blouses ’ ^ • jackets ’ • Skirts
For Lovelier, More Complete Selections . . . DO YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING EARLY!
JUioe Departmeot Owned and Operated by Oureelvea 413-17 Main Street
4, MBiOg FBlWw
MEET THE oKs«r"s~imf THAT UVES OF TO A GREAT COLLAR
Big feature is the coirar—same fdmous Van Heusen'^youVe^lciTownLoncl^cheered for yaars.' You II like the new Van Heusen collar-attached shirt for its.custom-patlefn cut, —C its free-swlng Construction, its aftenNon to your "displfly Iq fin© whites Of egtteroj.
^ ii