{
^ 1
.' -wv^>Wi
Purdue
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 187
Friday, May 24, 1940
800 Cary Club Couples To Dance In Union Tonight
Elliott Announces Staff Promotions
Dinners Scheduled To Precede Formal Approximately 800 couples will dance tonight to the rhythm of Glen Gray and his Casa Loma orchestra at the Cary Club spring formal in both ballrooms of the Union from 8:30 to midnight. The dance is a strictly .closed affair. Brown leather programs bearing the University seal will be given as favors. Preceding the dance, formal dinners will be held for the members and their dates in south hall, west hall, and Terry house, beginning at 6:30 p.m. “Casa Loma, Inc.,” the plan of operation inaugurated by Glen Gray and the orchestra members eleven years ago for their organization, has remained intact without any change in personnel for the entire time, although Glen didn’t actually take over full-time baton-waving until February, 1937. Their program tonight will feature vocal specialities by “PeeWee” Hunt and Kenny Sargent with Sonny Dunham starring on the trumpet. Globe Trotting Soil Expert To Discuss History Of Erosion
Last Dance
Glen Gray
Dr. W. C. Lowdermilk, assistant of the soil conservation service, will present a picture story of man’s battle against soil erosion through the centuries at an open meeting of Ceres, local agronomy honorary, and the Science Society of Indiana to be held at 7:30 p.m. May 24, in the EE lecture room. The lecture, “Soil Erosion and Civilization,” will be illustrated with 100 slides made from selected pictures taken by Dr. Lowdermilk during a 15 month’s survey in Europe, North Africa and the Near East. As a Rhodes scholar. Dr. Lowdermilk received training in forestry and geology in Oxford, England he also received a Ph, D. in forest soils at the University of Califprnia. Travels 30,000 Miles He was selected by the Department of Agriculture to begin a surA'^ey of soil erosion, soil and water conservation and torrential flood control in the Old World. In this survey he traveled over 30,000 miles by train, airplane, automobile, and on foot in 17 countries including England, Holland, France, Italy, , Egypt, Algei’ia, Palestine and others. Since a portion of his tour was made just prior to the outbreak of the present European war, many of his many trips were taken in an armored car. The research work done by Lowdermilk was done in an attempt to devise new methods by which soil conservation work might be done more effectively in this country. Dinner At 6 At 6:00 p.m., a cafeteria dinner will be held in the reception room of the Union. At this dinner Mrs. Lowdermilk will give a short talk on her experiences in this fascinating tour which was brought to a close before the war in Europe. A cordial invitation is extended to all interested students, faculty, and townspeople to attend the evening’s lectures. Newly elected Ceres officers are: Carl Johnson, president; Herman Drabenstott, vice president; Sidney Legg, secretary, and Harold Myers, treasurer.
Riveters To Finish Season
For Coming Year In Illinois Wesleyan Series
Splendid Non-Conference Record Risked In Week-end Series Starting At 4 Today
University To Honor Memory Of Dr. Smart '' \ University students, staff members, and friends will pay honor to the memory of Dr. James H. Smart, president of the University from 1883 to 1900, on Sunday June 9, when a memorial window in the Memorial Union is dedicated to him. The memorial window, which will form an arch above the southwest entrance to the Union Building near the library, was made possible through a bequest in the will of the late Mrs. Charles B. Stuart, of Lafayette, whose husband was a member of the Board of Trustees from 1885 to 1899. The window was designed by Charles J. Connick, Boston artist, who has designed memorial windows in many institutions, including those in the Cathedral of Learning in the University of Pittsburgh. A program in connection with the dedication of the window has been planned and will be announced within the near future. County Agents . . . from central Indiana met last night in the Union in a forum to discuss soil conservation and new methods of soil treatment. This meeting was sponsored by the staff of the Agricultural Experiment station and is under the auspices of T. A. Coleman, head of the County Agent Association of Indiana.
Professor
. . . Theodore K. Noss, of the department of education and applied psychology, was appointed secretary of a committee to coordinate sociological research among the colleges and universities in Indiana at the annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of the Social Sciences. The meeting was held at Spring Mill Inn last Friday and Saturday.
President E. C. Elliott today announced a number of faculty promotions effective next September. They are are follows: From Assistant to InstJal;^Jgtor: Irving Brascli and J. R. Leevy,' Division of Education and Applied Psychology; from Instructor to Assistant Professor: Allyn M. Herrick, Forestry; Frances Schneider, Education; Warren J. Luzadder, Engineering Drawing; Harold A. Bolz, Machine Design; Lawrence P. Biefeld, Chemistry; Horton B. Knoll and Laird Bell, English; H. Kenn Carmichael, Speech; Arthur F. Messenger, and W. Kenneth Sharkey, Economics; Neil Little and Albert E. Heins, Mathematics; and D. H. Patterson,
Modern Languages. To Associate Professors
Prom Assistant Professor to Associate Professor: I. G. Morrison, Agricultural Education; J. H*. Bowman and Elias M. Sabbagh, Electrical Engineering; David L. Arm, R. C. Binder, and C. W. Messersmith. Mechanical Engineering; Ruby F. Clark, Institution Management in School of Home Economics; Earl T. McBee, Chemistry; Max Davis Steer and P. E. Lull, Speech; George S. Wycoff, English; Ernest J. Sheppard, Economics; Frank R. Hall and Charles B. Murphy, History; Howard K. Hughes, Mathematics; and Major John G. White,
Military.
To Professor Prom Associate Professor to Professor: James A. McClintock, Horticulture; Seibert Fairman, Applied Mechanics; and Thomas DeVries,
Chemistry.
Agricultural Experiment Station, effective July 1; From Assistant to Associate in Agronomy, W. W. Worzella; Prom Assistant to Associate in Horticulture with the rank of Assistant Professor, R. B. Withrow; Prom Associate in Farm Management with the rank of Assistant P]:;ofessor, J. C. Bottom; From Chief Inspector in Agricultural Chemistry to Chief inspector in Agricultural Chemistry with the rank of Assistant Professor; A. S. Carter; and From Assistant to Associate in Home Economics Extension, Eva I. Buel. Flyers'Banquet Ticket Sale Deadline Today Last opportunity for anyone desiring tickets to the Flying and Glider Club banquet Saturday evening at 6 o’clock at which Major James K. Doolittle will speak will be today. This applies particularly to club members that intended to bring dates. The ticket sale which is open to everyone is limited to 200, and the complete attendance must be turned in this evening. Tickets may be purchased at either the west desk of the Union or at the airport.
Dean Dukes Will Give Address At Program On Decoration Day “Perils of Progress” will be the subject of the address by Dean R. G. Dukes, of the Graduate School and head of the Department of Applied Mechanics, at the Memorial Day address Thursday, May 30, at 8:30 a.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Invocation and benediction will be given by the Concert Choir directed by A. P. Stewart. President fe. C. Elliott will preside and Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will read the necrology. The national salute will be fired by the Purdue Order of Militaryo Merit and Scabbard and Blade. Outsiders Invited To Swim In Woman's Gym Tonight All regular and graduate students and staff members are invited to participate in the mixed open swim to be held at the Memorial Gymnasium tonight from 7:30 to 9 o’clock. This swim differs from earlier mixed swims of the season, in that it is open to practically everyone. The only restrictions are that men students must bring passports and dime; men and women graduate students or staff members must bring medical certificate and dime; men and women outsiders must bring medical certificate and quar-
ter.
Another such event will be held next Friday at the same time. Regular co-ed swims are continuing at 4 p.m. daily through Wednesday, June 5, except Thursday, May 30. Silver Mask . . . fencing honorary, announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: President, E. A. Wegener; Vice-President, Don Martin; Secretary - Treasurer, W. C. Pitcher.
Exponent Workers There will be papers during finals requiring work on the nights of May 27 and 29, and June 1 and 3. Turn in final schedules and night preferences immediately. The following men are scheduled to work today: Ochiltree, night editor; Amos, issue editor; Brophy, Overman, proof; Osborne, Keller, Shepherd, and Pritchard, workers.
lU Writer Expresses Envy Of Purdue's New Union
. . . and card party of Student Cooperative Association will be held in the faculty lounges of the Union on May 25 from 9 to 12 p.m. The dance is open to all members of the 14 co-operative houses on the campus without charge, and dates are not required. Music will be furnished by recordings of popular dance bands.
(Reprinted from the Indiana Daily Student.) By WILLIAM C. FOURNIER * * * This past week-end I saw something that both surprised me and left me limp with jealousy. I visited the Purdue campus. You probably will say that anything can happen on that campus, and I will agree with you. Plenty was happening there. It was Purdue’s annual Gala Week celebration. Old alumni wearing sun helmets and class badges, students running everywhere, and little kids haunting every corner of the campus made the place like a madhouse. Many Changes It wasn’t the crowds that surprised me, or made me jealous. You see, I attended that school of roughnecks and farmers for two years, and I knew about the crowds. Being a former student at Purdue is nothing to talk about, but I did notice a great change in the decrepit old place.
In the first place I saw the new additions to the Union building. You know, it is so big that one almost gets lost in the maze of lounges, reading rooms, and corridors. It was only natural for me to compare that building with our castle of limestone and mortar. I have heard many people around here complain about the lack of size of the Union building, but I never realized it until now. Paul Whiteman Jealousy came over me as I thought that our sister university was getting so much more than we were. A great social institution like Indiana should surely have a ballroom large enough to have good crowds at dances. The new addition to Purdue’s balli-oom will now let about 700 couples dance with complete ease. Last Saturday night Paul Whiteman and his band were playing for an ordinary mixer at the price of $1 per couple. If a
Seeking to finish the year with one of the best all-season records in the past decade, the Boilermaker diamond forces will tangle with a strong Illinois Wesleyan, squad here this afternoon and then wind-up the season proceedings with another game
against the same team tomorrow.
- 11 Out Of 12
The Riveters have amassed a total of 11 victories out of 12 nonconference starts so far this year, and will be out to gamer another pair of wins in the season’s finals. The Boilermakers have averaged approximately two victories out of every three starts during the year’s proceedings, which is one of the best Gold and Black records seen around these parts in a long time. The Wesleyan nine will bring with them one of the best teams in the Illinois conference. The invaders are leading the Illini circuit at the present time and are expected to give the local lads a real tussle.
Bailey or Higgins
Coach Dutch Fehring is somewhat undecided as to his pitching choice for today’s game. Bob Bailey and Gerald Higgins will take charge of the pitching duties for the week-end with either one of them getting the nod for today’s tilt. Both of the Boilermaker twirlers will be striving to climb above the .500 mark for the season’s endeavors in their final assignments. Bailey has a record of four wins and an equal number of losses, while Higgins has won a trio of games and is charged with three
defeats.
Frosh Monday As an aftermath of the regular season, the Riveter freshman nine will battle a Sophomore-Junior combination in a regulation game on Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The clash between the yearlings and the hold-over members of the varsity squad will provide an opportunity for diamond fans to get a glimpse on the prospects for next
season.
dance like that was ever held here, I am afraid most of the students would be too shocked to go. And while we’re speaking of bands, I understand when I first came down here that this was the place of dances and good times. Maybe my informants misinformed me, but I am at a loss to explain it. Where can a person and a date go on an average Saturday night around here? I suppose you will say to the show, and one or more’ of the local tearooms. We haven’t had a Union mixer here for at least a month and a half. Who’s Who Purdue has a Union mixer every Saturday during the school year. And they don’t use many campus bands. A list of the bands playing there reads like Who’s Who in the band world. Paul Whiteman, Clyde McCoy, Jimmie Lunceford, and others play there for the ordinary toixers. And the price is still $1 a couple!
Skull And Crescent Initiates 34; Elects Next Year's Officers Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary initiated 34 men and elected officers for the coming year, last night. The initiation took place in the Mechanical Engineering building at 6:00 p.m., and the election followed the initiation banquet which took place in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 6 p.m. Officers elected were: President, Curt Lanius; Delta Tau Delta, VicePresident; Arnie Farnsworth, Beta Theta Pi; Secretary, Gus Armstrong, Pi Kappa Phi; Treasurer, Howie Burkholder, Alpha Tau Omega; Sergeant-at-Arms, Jim Meyer, Alpha Kappa Lambda.
New Initiates
Initiates are: Bill Ruggles, Acacia; Bruce Adams, Alpha Chi Rho; Don Stanley, Alpha Gamma Rho; Jim Meyer, Alpha Kappa Lambda; Joe Gregory, Alpha Sigma Phi; iibwie Burkholder, Alpha Tau Omega; A1 Pastrick, Beta Sigma Psi; Arnie Farnsworth, Beta Theta Pi; Richard Ehle, Delta Chi; Curt Lanius, Delta Tau Delta, Bob Seaburger, Delta Upsilon; Bill Clark, Kappa Delta Rho; Jack Jackie, Kappa Sigma; Robert Stone, Lambda Chi Alpha; Jake Davis; Phi Delta Theta; Jim Stiver, Phi Gamma Del-
ta.
Bob Angermey.er, Phi Kappa; Bill Fryback, Phi Kappa Tau; Bill Rider, Phi Kappa Psi; Don Brophy, Phi Kappa Sigma; Ed Esping, Phi Sigma Kappa; Albert Duncan, Pi Kappa Alpha; Gus Armstrong, Pi Kappa Phi; Bob Ten Eyck, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Ted Novey, Sigma Alpha Mu; Dave Sayles, Sigma Chi; Ollie Allanson, Sigma Nu; Tom Peppier, Sigma Phi Epsilon; Roy Coers, Theta Tau; Mike Papamanoli. Theta Chi; Bill Mansfield, Theta Xi; and John Bruck, Triangle. Paddles Presented At the banquet, paddles were presented to the retiring members. “Pop” Doan, faculty sponsor, described the Purdue campus as he found it on his arrival in 1918. Scabbard And Blade Conference Plans . . . National MilitaryTlonorary, announces election of the following officers: W. G. Meese, Captain; V. A. Woodling, first Lieutenant; L. B. McCammon, Second Lieutenant; and H. A. Todd, first sergeant. The new officers were installed immediately upon the completion of the federal inspection, and assumed responsibilities at the final meeting last night. Deac's, Southyrorth's , . . still have a limited number of senior invitations and announcements on hand, leather invitations priced at 26 cents, white cardboard bound invitations at 16 cents, and Dutch-fold announcements selling for five cents each. According to the Gala Week committee, no more orders will be placed, although seniors who wish may call Lawrence Archibald for the address of the manufacturer.
Students To Compete In NBC Radio Contest Harry Bischel, Benton Bums, and Hank Miller, University eds, will compete against a team of three University of Wisconsin co-eds in a geography quiz over the National Broadcasting Company, this evening at 6:30. The contest will be held as a feature on the program “This Amazing America,” which is broadcast over a coast to coast hook-up of 80 Blue Network stations. The men, who are all members of WBAA, will be the guests of the Greyhound Company, sponsors of the program. Individual cash prizes of 25 dollars each will be awarded to the winning team. Professor Creek Feted By English Department Last night members of the English department met at a dinner at Lincoln Lodge to honor Professor H. L. Creek on the anniversary of his 20th year as head of the English department at the University. When he first became head of the department there were 17 members of the staff. Since that time it has grown until thei'e ai'e now 45 members.
Debris Deadline^ Deadline for Debris collection will be Saturday and all copies of Debris must be distributed by then. To make this possible, the Debris office will be open from 12 a.m. to 5:45 p.m. today.
V'^f!# !
mmm
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, May 24, 1940
Only Four Teams Left In State Tennis Meet; Feunte, Richards, Lucht Still In Singles
With the quarterfinals due to start today at 9:30 a.ni. only fomschools remain in the state tennis tournament out of the original ten that were entered. In the singles only eight men are still in the competition of the starting fortyeight, and in the doubles also eight pairs are yet in the running. Leader in number of men left is Notre Dame with six. In the singles which were played yesterday, Purdue has three, Richards, Captain Fuente, and Lucht, yet in the meet, while the Irish have four. Pay, Canale, Walsh, and Joyce, and Earlham was the only other school to get to the quarterfinals with Maris. In one of the quarter-final matches Riveter Richards will meet Fay of Notre Dame, who is the defending champ, while in another match. Boilermaker captain Fuente ■will oppose Maris from Earlham. Two boys from South Bend, Canale and Walsh, •will play in an all-Irish match, and the remaining match will be between Riveter Lucht and Rambler Joyce. Canale, Irish number one man, and who is seeded number one, is favored to cop the singles crown. In the doubles three Riveter, three Irish, and two DePauw teams still survive. Hanna and Souder of DePauw will play the Notre Dame combination of Joyce and Bowler, while an all-Boilermaker match will be on hand between Berg and Meihaus and Funte and Hebbeler. Another Irish-Little Giant match will be played with Reich and Spear of DePauw meeting Walsh and Garvey. In the last doubles combination. Fay and Canale, the favored doubles team will meet the Boilermaker pair of Anderson and Lucht. Today at nine-thirty, the singles quarter-finals will commence, while the doubles quarter-finals will not begin till 11 or 1 depending on what the coaches decide at their meeting this morning. On Saturday morning, the semi-finals will Radio Personalities Billed For Local Theater Radio fans in and around Lafayette will soon have the opportunity of seeing in person radio’s hillbilly duo. Lulu Belle and Skyland Scotty, at the Mars Theater Saturday. Featured on many coast radio programs for the past five years, this well-known act is now heard on the Boone County Jamboree over station WLW every Saturday night from 8 to 8:30. Lulu Belle and Skyland Scotty are also heard daily on WLW’s Top o’ the Morning programs. Lulu Belle and Skyland Scotty, beside their heavy radio program and personal appearance schedule, have added mo'vie work in Hollywood to their careers; their latest picture, “The Village Barn Dance,” IS now beihg shown on the screens of the theatres throughout the country. Universily Branch OfSPEE To Discuss School System At the regular meeting of the University Branch of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education to be held tonight. Professors W. B. Sanders and G. W. Sherman will disci ss the results of their recent trips to other educational institutions during which they gathered information on the different systems used to di-vide the school year into terms. The meeting ■will be held in the Civil Engineering Building tonight in room 201 at 7:30 p.m. The speakers will give an account of the results of their studies of the two term, three term, and the quarterly systems. All members of the University staff are invited to attend. Co-ed Hours . . . during final examination will remain 11 o’clock on week nights and Sunday and 1 o’clock on Friday and Saturday nights. After finals, week night hours will be 12 o’clock.
be concluded and in the afternoon the champs will be cro'wned. Scoring 11 points Notre Dame took the lead in the team scoring, but not far behind are the Boilermakers with ten and DePauw is third with six. The summary is as follows: singles: Canale (Notre Dame) drew a bye; Berg (Purdue) defeated Scully (DePauw), 6-1, 6-4; Anderson (P) won on a default from Mercer (Anderson); Wood (Earlham) drew a bye; Hebbeler (P) drew a bye; Spear (D) won on a default from Young (A); Walsh (ND) won a default from Percy (A) ; Barnard (E) drew a bye; Hanna (D) drew a bye; Blackwood (Ball State) won on a default from Feighner (Indiana); Johnson (Butler) won on a default from Haynie (I); Lucht (P) drew a bye; Dickey (Manchester); March (D) won on a default from Webber (I); Brickley (BS) won on a defualt from Lugar (I); Joyce (ND) drew a bye; Fay (ND) drew a bye; Mundt (B) won on a default from Blankertz (1); Bowler (ND) trounced Peters (M) 6-1, 6-3; Schumacher (B) drew a bye; Renshaw (E) drew a bye; Gilpen (B) won from Ratchford (I) 7-5, 6-1; Richards (P) triumphed over Pippin (BS) 7-6, 6-1; Souder (D) drew a bye; Fuente (P) drew a bye; Royer (M) was victorious over Downs (B); Reich (D) whitewashed Borton (E); Howenstine (B) drew a bye; Robinson (B) drew a bye; Parker (St. Joe) beat Van Dyke (A); Garvey (ND) defeated Jones (M) 6-3, 6-2; Maris (E) drew a bye. Canale (ND) won from Berg (P) 6-1, 6-2; Anderson (P) triumphed over Wood (E) 4-6, 6-1, 6-0; Spear (A) was victorious over Hebbeler (P) 7-5, 6-3; Walsh (ND) downed Barnard (E); Hanna (D) won over Blackwood (BS) 6-1, 6-1; Lucht (P) was victorious over Johnson (B) 6-4, 6-3; March (D) won on a default from Dickey (M); Joyce (ND) won over Brickley (BS) 6-1, 6-3; Pay (ND) defeated Mundt (B) 6-2, 6-4; Schumacher (B) downed Bowler (ND) 6-3, 2-6, 6-2; Renshaw (E) won over Gilpen (BS) 11-9, 6-2; Richards (P) won over Souder (D) on a default; Puente (P) triumphed over Royer (M) 6-2, 6-1; Reich (D) was victorious over Howenstine (B); Parker won over Robinson (R) 7-5, 6-0; Maris (E) won over Garvey (ND) 6-8, 6-1. Canale (ND) won over Anderson (P) 6-4, 6-4; Walsh (ND) was victorious over Spear (D); Lucht (P) triumphed over Hanna (D) 9-7, 6-2; Joyce (ND) won over March (D) 6-2, 6-3; Fa|y (ND) defeated Schumaker (B) 6-2, 6-1; Richards (P) won over Renshaw (E) 6-2, 6-0; Fuente (P) triumphed over Reich (D) 6-3, 6-4; Maris (E) won over Parker (SJ) 6-2, 6-0.
Eight Los Angeles students of the University of California will attend the seventh Japanese-Ameri-can student conference in Japan this summer.
iMAid
— TODAY-SATURDAY — —2 FIRST RUN HITS—
Mtr-PINT RACKETEERS •A BI6-T0WN CRIME CZAR!
_ WITH — Leon Ames - Vince Barnett and the original EAST SIDE KIDS — PLUS—Bullions of Laughs
OOmOTOWN
« HIGGINS FAMILY PICTURI with MMfS • tUCIlE • RUSSUL GLEASON HARRY DAVENPORT Arturo Godoy - Tommy Ryan
— COMING — ALL QUIET ON THE WESTI^RN FRONT
Fraternity Advisors Meet; Discuss Aims, Purposes Last night at six o’clock in room 363 of the Union, the Fraternity Advisors council held .a banquet in honor of the fraternity presidents and the new officers of the Fraternity Presidents Council. The banquet began at six o’clock and after the banquet those in attendance heard two speeches. Professor Green, the S.A.E. faculty advisor, talked to the group about the aims and purposes of the Ad-visors Council. He was followed by Bill Catterall who talked about the aims and purposes of the Fraternity Presidents Council. After the meeting there was a short discussion of fraternity problems. BASEBALL Friday, May 24 8 Cary Hall 10 vs Ward 15 Diamond Umpires, J. Benna, D. Nassau 10 Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Sigma Kappa Umpires, R. Classer, P. Wehrenberg
Registration Workers; Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 9, 10, and 11, are requested to make application, before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
AJl Students; Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law; all present Sophomores except in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngineeringIaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses" are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. —STONE. (6-28)
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. —STEWART. (8-28)
Tau Beta Pi: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 25. Meet in front of Union at 1:30 p.m. to arrange transportation. —DUCKWORTH.
Ly^ ■ TODAY - SATURDAY-
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Baby Farms Exposed . . . Vicious Racket Bared!
with Rochelle Hudson
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
— TODAY-SATURDAY
MERLE OBERON. Rphert E. Sherwood’s New Comedy OVER EHEMOOIN
Cleveland
. . , Purdue Club held an organization meeting last night in the Union and elected Wesley Stevens, chairman and Margaret Ross, secretary. The purpose of the club is for the 84 Cleveland underclassmen to get better acquainted with each other and also to boost Purdue. They have planned a supper meeting for June 18 and a beach party for early in July.
Summer Session Students: AU students planning to attend summer session are requested to file the si>ecial summer session application with the office of the Director of Admissions immediately. —DAMMON.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. All Seniors: Who have accepted jobs are requested to advise the Personnel Service immediately (Phone 3405). In all fairness to classmates who are seeking employment, the senior who has a job should withdraw his name from the list of those desiring recommendations. ' —WALTERS.
Advanced Course Military Students: All students who have checked sabers from supply room will please return them not later than May 31. —HATTAN.
Tau Beta Pi: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 25, at Rotary Park. Meet in front of Union at 1:30 p.m. to arrange transportation. —DUCKWORTH.
Mortar Board Initiates: Meeting at 4 p.m , Friday, May 24, in WSGA office. SAURER.
Scriveners: All those who wish to reserve places at banquet Saturday, May 25, call Erma Irwin at 8439 before Friday noon. —IRWIN.
Home Economics Students; The Home Economics lunch room cafeteria and tea room will close after lunch Friday, May 24. The lunch room will open again about September 16. —HUFFMAN.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— ALSO — DRUMS OF FU MANCHU
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY TONITE- SATURDAY — 11:15 P. M.— ALL SEATS 35c
Flying and Glider Club Members: The following from both clubs on Baldwin’s committee will work with Jay Craddock, to place and stake down all the aircraft. Chevedden, Hamprich, Kimball, Lingeman, Rothrock, Johnson, Reising, Atkinson, Hooley. Manning, Walker, Scott, Lewis. All others that have not been assigned to any committee will work with Craig Miller on the hanger clean-up. Those who do not report for a work session will have to pay their clubs $1.00. Report as early after 9 a.m. Saturday, May 26, as jmssible to the person in charge of the group you work with, and sign his work card. —BALDWIN.
Reamers: Please turn all reflector money in to Matthews by June 1. —BOHLIN.
PEW Riding: A minimum of six rides is required for credit in horseback riding. Those who have missed rides may make them up between now and Saturday, June 1. Call Shultze, 36230, Purdue Biding School. —CHASE.
Classified Ads
MEN: 21 and over to sell at Speedway, May 30. See Bud Ttirner, 866 N. Main St., W. Laf. between 7 :30 and 9 :00 Fri Eve.
Aero Modelers: Meeting Friday night. May 24, at 7:30 p.m. in room 364 of the Union. Election of officers. Everyone be present. —HARKER.
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters, AH makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and rm>aired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
Gimlets: The following men may obtain receipts for diploma fees and tickets at the Cashier’s office: Butterfield, Frazee, Martin, Ashton, Cooper, DeMars, Kanny, Morrison, Richardson, 'Williamson, Antonini, Berg, Houston, Insley, Hearne, Nevin, Frederick, McNeil, Swlnney, Anderson, Fishburn, Strong, Beretta, Shackleton, Fisher, Swander, L. Johnson, Catterall, Mann, and Dunshee. (6-28) —PERRIN. Cosmopolitan Club: Wind-up hike to Happy Hollow at 4 :30 p.m. on Friday, May 24. Meet in room 304 of the Upion. Everyone welcome. —CORTISSOZ.
New Skull and Crescent Actives: Before buying Skull and Crescent pots contact Lanius or Burkholder. —LANIUS. ' (6-26)
FOR RENT Wanted: Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write Purdue Exponent, Box 226, Lafayette, Ind. c /o Circulation.
Scrivener Pledges: Meet in Union Saturday at 6 p.m. in west lounge for initiation. Call Irwin, 8639, for places at banquet. —REIGLB.
Russ—Rent-A-Car, Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
All Students: Anyone knowing the present address of Charles Perkins please call me at 8444. , —KNIGHT.
All Students: Outing club is sponsoring a relaxation hike Sunday, June 2. Will leave the fire station at 3 p.m. for a hike and supper in Happy Hollow. All interested please call Dwight Cooley, 66278 or John Dodfis, 36293. —CORDUA.
LOST AND FOUND Lost in Debris office, a green overcoat. Levy Bros., Louisville, Ky. Label. Zipper lining detached. $3.00 reward. Call 3301, Chase.
Pi Tau Sigma: ’Those who have paid for their composite picture may get it from Jane Templeton in G.A.'s office. Seniors who have not received their plaques contact me before June 3. —EILERING
Final Exams: Please check the final examination schedule again to make sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your final exams. Misreading of the schedule or failure to understand the final examination schedule are not considered sufficient causes to warrant a special examination. Absence from a final examination will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course. (5-28) —DEAN OF MEN.
PEW 52, 54, 56: All activity classes will meet for written test at 4 p.m. Friday, May 24, as follows: Archery — Memorial Gymnasium; Basketball — Gym; Bowling —Stanley Coulter Hall room 211; Golf — Education room 201; Horseback — Stanley Coulter room 211; Restricted — education 101 ; swimming — education room 101; tennis— Memorial gym; tap dancing —• education room 201. Locks should be turned in at once if refund is desired. Contents of lockers will be confiscated after June 8. —HAZELTON.
Lost in Stanley Coulter building, a gold Elgin wrist watch. Graduation present from parents. $6.00 Reward for return Phone, 2877. Fred Glauey.
Lost: Junior size gold rimmed glasses. ■Vicinity Crum Court and Lutz Ave. Reward. Phone 36022. Lost: A jeweled Theta Chi fraternity pin. Call 6065. Reward. Initials J. A B.
For Sale: ’29 Ford Roadster. Web Moore, Purdue Airport.
Lost: Phi Kappa Pin near Military Dept. Call Stock. 2601. Reward.
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^olgrem drug stores 410 Main Street
—ONE DAY ONLY— SATURDAY
STAGE and SCREEN SHOW
IT’S A SIGHT YOU MUST SI, SENOR! Senor"Woo"Herbert...with his Manhattan matadors and melodears...tum the Great White Way Into the South American Way!
ON THE STAGE--RADIO—STAGE AND SCREEN FAVORITESLULU BELLE and SCOTTY IN THE NEW 1940 W. L. W. RADIO REVUE 8 OTHER ACTS
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
— ADMISSION —
MAIN FLOOR
40c
CHARLIE RUGGLES
BALCONY CHILDREN
30c 10c
— IN —
Sage Shows at
"Opened By Mistake"
— 1:00 - 3:15 - 5:45-
— 8:25 - 10:00 —1 \
Friday, May 24, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Varsity t^ne Nips Green Rhiniesis For Second In Row Pushing over a run in the last inning, which was the seventh as it was an abbreviated game, on Beatty’s sharp single which scored Wargo, the varsity beat the freshmen 9-8 last night for the second time in as many nights. With the pitching of Leifiet and Rarick, the varsity only garnered 9 hits mostly of the weak variety as only one was for extra bases. Hitting honors on the varsity went to Kurtz and Beatty who each hit two singles. On the other side of the fence the laurels were captured by Cooke and McCaffery, who each got three singles. Outhitting the regulars 11 to eight, the frosh weren’t able to bunch their hits so effectively. The sloppy fielding procedure was reversed today as the varsity made six bobbles while the rhinies only committed four. Starting off on the right foot the frosh scored one in the first and three more an inning later off the starting varsity hurler, Frieherr, only to have the varsity come back with a seven run barrage on six hits in the last of the second. Undaunted the frosh went out and scored one in the third and added two in the fourth off of pitcher Cooper. Finally in the sixth the frosh tied it up at 7 all, but an inning later the varsity came through to win. Rarick who pitched the last three frames allowed the varsity
National Defense . . . and the opportunities offered ambitious young men by the army will be the subject of a short talk by Captain Thompson of the Military Department over WBAA at 3:45 p.m.
only one hit which was enough to .drive in the winning tally. Box score on the game is as follows: Freshmen (8) AB R H E Carson, If 4 0-0 Cooke, 2b 4 3 3 0 McCaffery, 3b 4 14 1 Smith, c 4 0 11 Crumley, lb 2 0 0 0 Frazier, rf 3 12 0 Meyers, ss 4 10 1 Daniels, cf 12 0 1 Leifiet, p 2 0 0 0
ivom-n., If
_
_
_
Totals
. 30
8
11
4
Varsity (9)
AB
R
H
E
Ridgway, lb
... 2
0
0
0
Danowski, lb
.. 2
1
1
0
Kurtz, cf
... 3
1
2
1
Waterhouse, If ....
... 2
0
0
0
Emmert, If
... 1
0
0
0
Dohei-ty, c
... 4
1
1
2
Young, c
... 1
0
0
2
Mitchell, rf
... 3
1
0
0
Yeager, 3b
.. 2
1
1
0
Wargo, 3b
.. 2
0
0
0
Beatty, 2b
... 4
2
2
0
Keene, ss
... 3
1
1
0
Frieherr, p
... 1
0
0
1
Fisher*
... 1
1
1
0
Cooper, p
... 1
0
0
0
Totals 32 * batted for Frieherr
9 in
9 sixth
6
POPCORN
DAD'S
Six or more gallons for that get-to-
PLACE
gather party at 12 per gallon. Popped fresh.
So Handy
(^niou ^cLooi
—jummey
in
The Union Club
Convenient Comfortable Private Shower
Faculty
Graduates
Undergraduates
at yPlana^eyd / at ^adt
JhsL PuhdWL TnjmyfdaL lAmm. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
oomd Private Telephone Complete Service Union Advantages for
Big Ten Track Meet Starts Today
An
I rishmans llusions
IM Schedule
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Out on Russell or Intramural Field (as you care to title Purdue’s recreation acres) there will meet this afternoon two great fraternity baseball teams to settle the 1940 Purdue inter-frat baseball toga. They are Phi Sigma Kappa and Delta Tau Delta. —I-I— Prom records and a great battery, the Delt’s hold an edge, because hurling for them will be Ferrel Ruppert, former varsity pitcher who failed to make the grade this season and a former mounder at Georgetown University. Catching Ruppert is another member of last season’s Purdue diamond squad, namely Keith Correll. Keith was an infielder, but changed to the mask to form a target for Ruppert, a grand fellow and a great competitor. , —I-I— The Phi Sigma Kappa’s, with a mediocre outfit have jumped right behind the ball tossing of captain Bob Igney of basketball fame and are now facing the Delta for a baseball trophy. Igney, a reserve shortstop on the varsity last season has turned to''pitching, and from information released by the Phi Kappa Sigma mob, whom Bob defeated last Wednesday 8-3, he has a nice hook plus a fast one. _I.I_ Catchin'g Igney, is a sturdy, dependable catched lad from Pennsylvania, Ernst Elkin. I’ve seen Ernie pull some beautful body blocks at the plate during this
TENNIS Friday, May 24 FINALS Fraternity Singles: Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Phi AH Campus: Armstrong vs Mangold or Van Camp Freshman: Hensey vs Stettner
Greek diamond season to cut down ftins against the Phi Sig’s. —I-I— Therefore, I’m as sure as Paddy had pigs that there’s going to be a great ball game on Intramural Field today at 4:15. There’s a varsity game today, but I think I’ll trip over to watch these Delt’s and Phi Sig’s mix things up. —I-I— There’s a fellow at the Phi Kappa Sigma house. Bud Evers by name, that has again had his heart broken. Bud, one of those better types of intramural managers, had visions of seeing his house receive that large interfraternity participation trophy award this week-end. But, alas! —I-I— At the last minute, last Wednesday to be exact, Bud’s team suffered a set-back in the frat baseball league, going down in defeat 8-3 before the slants of Igney’s arm. Last season the Phi Kappa Sig’s (of Skull house) again took a second in participation. That’s darn tough to take, but cheer up Bud, they say the third time’s the charm . . . next year. ^ —I-I— Mike Byelene tells us that his Beta’s have been awarded the trophy; so congratulations Beta Theta Pi. Those large trophys are swell rushing aids. MMmmmm-l —I-I— What’s this I hear about the 1940 Olympic games featuring nothing but marksmanship ? Enough of this blarney; so till tomorrow it’s “30.”
Give You the best in every respect. Breads . . . Cakes . . Buns
Graves’ qualety Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^*
Flowers for
Spring
Formats
> »
"to add beauty and to
make her happier, send
her a corsage styled by
' ,
Roths. We specialize
r '4
Ik
in lovely creations on
i Ml
short notice.
L M
Roses
Gardenias
f ] 1
Orchids
w
1 \ \ 1
Violets
Carnations
j ill i
Sweet Peas
" KotL 6 Luna Theatre Bldg. 635 Main St. Phones 7955 - 8050
Michigan Captain
Fifteen Boilermakers To Participate In Conference Finale At Evanston
By Ted Rosebrock
Fifteen carefully selected members of Coach Hermon Phillip’s cinder squad left Lafayette yesterday for Evanston, 111., where they will make a bid for a spot in the first division in the Big Ten championships today and tomorrow. The Riveter squad is in top shape and is probably the fastest and finest team ever to represent the Gold and Black in any meet. Led by such stars as Captain Allen Shackleton, all around man Dave Rankin, Holderman, Weber, and Tycocki, the Boilermakers are expected to place werH above their last year’s position of fifth and land a spot well up toward the top. -I—II II I II One Defeat
Carrying a large part of the Riveter hopes is Ed Holderman, who has been credited with only one defeat in the mile and half mile events during the entire season. In the case that Michigan’s stellar distance star is not entered in the two mile event. Coach Phillips may enter Holderman in the longer run. Shackleton will meet strong competition from Michigan’s Breidenbach and Indiana’s Cochran in the quarter-mile dash, but is rated a strong chance to win this event. Weber, who has the second best shot toss of the Big Ten season, Tycocki, speedy dash man, and Rankin in the hurdles, are expected to garner other Boilermaker points. A one mile relay quaz’tet made up of Captain Shackleton, Simmons, Fisher, and Anthony have been speeding up steadily and may offer a surprise in that event. They recently turned in a 3:18.3 mile
against Illinois. Schwartzkopf Out
With their captain and ace distance man out with a strep throat, Michigan’s champions will enter the meet with Warren Breidenbach, 440 artist, the only title defender on the squad. In thirty-eight Western Conference meets, only one squad has ever annexed the title four years in a row, and that was the Wolverines in 1901 through 1904. A strong Hoosier squad is sure to offer stubborn opposition to Michigan’s title stealing. Led by such outstanding stars as Harris, Kane, and Cochrane, they are rated a fine chance to alter Michigan’s winning streak. Roger Poorman, holder of the javelin title, will be handicapped by an arm injury. Other entries of the strong Riveter team include Joe Edwards, pole vault; Fred Vollmer, javelin throw; Walt Stroyeck, hurdles; Robert Wente; middle distances; Robert Joorfetz, broad jump; Allen Gaulke, half-mile; and Willard Gaulke,
dashes.
. . . Ralph Schwarzkopf, one of the finest distance runners in collegiate competition, will be unable to compete in the Big Ten track championship at Northwestern Saturday, according to the last reports from Ann Arbor. The Wolverine? will be gunning for their fourth consecutive conference championship. Belle-Sharmeer NYLON Stockings in your own leg size!
p'i
J A.!
f: PI
for smalls, middlings, tails $1.25 to $1.50 pr. HERE EXCLUSIVELY Enjoy the same flawless lit in these new nylon stockings that you love in Belle-Sharmeer silks. They’re made in Belle-Sharmeer’s famous individual leg sizes for smalls, middlings, tails. Belle-Sharmeer nylons like Belle-Sharmeer silks, banish wrinkles, twisty seams, pulled-up or doubled-over hems. Naturally, they look smarter, wear longer! Ask for your own leg size... Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums, Duchess for tails. THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
state Meet Just one week after the Big Ten meet, the Boilermakers will be host to other Indiana colleges and universities for the annual Indiana Intercollegiate Track and Field Championships to be held in the Ross-Ade Stadium h^re June 1. A number of new records are expected to be set in competition in which Indiana’s flying Hoosiers will strongly defend their state title. At least five state records are expected to be broken and Indiana’s Roy Cochran may break all records in the quarter. Dells Encounter Phi Kappa Sigma In Baseball Final Delta Tau Delta and Phi Sigma Kappa will provide the climax to the inter-fraternity baseball season this afternoon, when they meet in the finals of the greek tournament. At the same time Ward 16 and Cary Hall 10 will clash for the independent championship. The Delts advanced to the finals Wednesday by coming out on top of a 2-1 affair with last year’s champions, the Alpha Gamma Rho nine. The winners garnered runs in the third and fifth innings, while the AGR’s picked up a r*un in the fourth on some wobbly Delt infield work. In the other semi-final game the Phi Sigma Kappa lads took advantage of five Walks and some tim^ hitting to defeat Phi Kappa Sigma 8-3. It was the. ninth straight victory for both finalists.m
m
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, May 24, 1941
Ag Men Complete 4-H CIub Training According to an announcement by Univ^njjjity agricultural extension staff members the final program arrangements have been completed for the ninth annual State 4-H Junior Leader Training Conference to be held June 3 to 6 at the Youth Buildings, Indiana State Fairgrounds, Indianapolis. The University, principally through its 4-H club department, will furnish the educational and recreational program, while the agricultural committee of the state Kiwanis clubs will provide for the cost of the conference and contribute to the entertainment program. Dr. Z. M. Smith, State Club Leader, will open the conference on Monday afternoon, June 3, with a talk on “Why We Are Here.” On Tuesday evening, June 4, addresses on “Words of Wisdom” will be given by Dean of Agriculture, Harry J. Reed and Associate Extension Director, T, A. Coleman. The remainder of the program will consist of heavy, subject matter features during the morning with the recreation and rest periods during the afternoons.
College Women Prefer ...The Barbizon College women accustomed to the refinements of living prefer living in The Barbizon Manner . . . and understandably so, for at The Barbizon they can continue the cujiural interests, the physical activities they most enjoy. No other hotel offers so much. For relaxation . . . daily recitals and lectures . . . music and’ art studios ... a fine library. For recreation i . . swimming pool . . . gymnasium . . . squash courts . . . sun deck . . . terraces. When you add to these, convenience to schools, imfxirtant business centers, art galleries, museums and theatres, you understand why college women prefer living at The Barbizon. 700 rooms, each with a radio Tariff; from $2.50 per day from $12 per week
Column
We start today’s drivel with the thought of the day. It is intended for woman thinkers if there be any such. A gentleman has three girls — one to go with, one to have fun with, and one to marry — if he isn’t careful. If he is careful he is a bachelor. Everyone knows what a bachelor is. He is a fellow that won’t take yes for an answer. And remember “it is a great world if your don’t” weaken. —B & B— FLASH—Two more Sigma Nus have parted their jewelry. Bud Laramore and Jim Jones took the leap over last week-end. Read your local paper for further details. — B &B— I think that I shall never see A girl refuse a meal that’s free. A girl whose hungry eyes aren’t fixed Upon a drink that’s being mixed. A girl who doesn’t like to wear A lot of junk to match her hair. Girls like this are loved by me For who in hell would kiss a tree? —B & B— Hovue Burkholder, ATO, broke up just a little while back with Syl-
the NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
We can’t get this darn war out of our head. History repeats itself people say. That means we gotta light. We’re not pessimistic or cynical about it though, just practical. * J|: . WE WANT OUR BONUS NOW! Hi !|! * ■ We’ve been looking at station wagons. It’s kinda hard to enjoy station wagons under six feet of France. Our motto is pay up or we don’t fight. The Germans are doing all right by themselves these days. They almost trapped a million men. If all the bear traps to catch a million men were laid end to end it would be a risky move to wander around in the dark in your bare feet. * * ❖ The Germans were lucky though. Reminded us of the time we backed Joe Louis in a corner and he got away. *** ■ Secret agent number 236987 reports that der fooher has issued a final ultimatum to the British. Accoi’ding to him, German will be a required course in all university curriculums next year. If there are any universities. We are collecting a crate of apples, all nicely polished, to send to Hitler before 'he cjecides to try that on us. / '■ We can’t read their darn printing.
Purdue Exponent
Entered u second class ssattsor at Um vest elBee in tMfayette, Indiaijii, under the act of Coneress of March t, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in lection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily: except Monday dnrinr the reiralar academic year and weekly duriny the Somnier Session. Delivered lociUly by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-in-Chief R, W. Donahue Business Managrer Merle Hagremeyer - Publication Staff News Editor — J. H. McKee Managing; Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruflner, R. M. Skallei-up, J. L.- Traugott. Business Staff " Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Lenders; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; ■ Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. , Gi-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor - :. J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. . ■
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representativea, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y.
IT CAN’T HAPPEN HERE DEPARTMENT: In the recent army maneuvers in Tennessee, a whole battalion of the United States army was lost for three days with all communications cut. Living off emergency rations. •t * * Made us think of the time we misplaced the Music Hall and couldn’t locate it for two weeks.
via Pittman and then just to prove he is not carrying a torch or something, put out his pin on Mary Edith Harvey of the Theta tribe. It’s even mqre than a mere pin-pushing, we are given to understand: Usually reliable sources near the couple stated that if this thing gets much worse it will be very bad indeed. —B & B— Of course, I don’t drink,” he said, “I’m a college student.” —B & B— Bob Tibbetts of the KDR Tibbetts and Chi 0 pledge Shirley Canning are nearly at the parting of
The John Marshall LAW SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899 AN ACCREDITED LAV/ SCHOOL TEXT and CASE method
the ways according, to latest reports. This romance, which bloomed early and then wilted by degrees, was studded by a pin last semester,
but that bit of jeweled gold was soon again adorning Tibbetts’ manly chest. We wish they would make up their minds.
Break the monotony of indoor meals—eat outdoors, if only in the back yard! We’ve selected a lot of suitable items in each department at attractive prices — to help the idea along! Plenty of other fine values, too, of course.
'There Oughta Be A Law' For Quotes Like These (Reprinted from Minnesota Daily) Before congress adjourns, we want it to pass a law making it illegal for Democratic politicians to quote Thomas Jefferson without reminding their listeners that he also said this: “Were we directed from Washington when to sow and when to reap, we should soon want bread.” The same law should prohibit Republican politicians from quoting Abraham Lincoln unless they admit publicly that their party’s first president also said this: “This government, with its institutions, belohgs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or their revolutionary right to dismember or overthrow it.”
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for ■ (Doilege Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL..A. RISK DR.LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD..J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Dine
• Tailor
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Jewelers
• Dairy Products
MILK Energy Value 10 qt. Milk Equal to 1 Po. of Steak Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
Hays feweiry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Outfitters For Fraternities and Sororities Edgerton Hardware 32i State St. Phone 4354
I • - - - - make your get-away—at GREYHOUND’S R ED U C E D F A R E S Get ready—get se^get going by Greyhound! Somple One-Way Whether you’re headed back home for the suni- Fares roer or on a little ^pedition somewhere else, Chicago ill $2 ip mn. don’t wa^, to % nearest Super-Coach. Cincinnati, or.Sz'.PO The most profitable Wpy to spend your time Louisville Kv $3 10 you roU across the map is to figure out just ^ew York N.Vriuiss what to do with all the wealth you save on an Greyhound’s low, reduced fares. Learn for your- , .f' „ self what upperclassmen learned long ago—the a n ''« ac best way to get out of coUege is by Greyhoundl Buftalo? N.y!'.'.;.$8.30 V Daytoii, O $2.90 Syracuse, N.Y...$1<).25 UNION BUS STATION FIFTH & FERRY STS. phqNE 2105