-r?'V '
r ",>■ 4
®he Puriutt 7txp0itextt
Publislied Daily by Students of Purdue Dnivemity
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 198d
NUMBER 60
Pep Session Will Start TonightA 17
Dad’s Day Smoker Will Included Varied Program
Men’s Glee Club^ Zouave Squads Tap Dancers, Fencers To Perform; Award Prizes To Fathers The annual Dad*s Day Smoker, sponsored by the Student Union, will presept several unusual features tomorrow. The smoker will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 4:45 to 5:80 o’clock, immediately following the game. The program features singing by the Purdue Men’s
Glee Club, exhibition drilling
by the Zouave Squad, a special tap dance by Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton, and exhibition fencing that will be in the charge of R. Latter. A final selection by the Glee Club will complete the program. Novelty prizes will be awarded to the Purdue dad who has the most children in school, to the one who came the greatest distance, to the one who has the biggest feet, to the one who sports the widest smile, and to the one who packs the biggest chaw. Dad’s Day Luncheon Tickets for the Dad’s Day luncheon which is to be held tomorrow at 11:45 may be purchased at the table in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. Students are asked to purchase these tickets early to prevent any possibility of crowding. The price of the tickets is sixty cents. At the luncheon. President E. G. Elliott will make a short talk and the program will be over in plenty of time for the football game. Tickets for the Mothers’ Dinfi^r tomorrow may be bought at the Memorial Union desk any time today or at the Dad’s Day registration desk tomorrow. This dinner which will be held at six o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, is sponsored by the Purdue Mothers’ Club. Dean Mary L. Matthews will speak and the Girls’ Glee Club will sing.
Tickets On Sale For Cabaret Formal
Contrary to the information contained in yesterday’s Exponent, tickets to the Union Anniversary Cabaret Formal, which will be given from 9 to 12 Friday, November 27, in the Memorial Union ballroom, will be priced at‘$2.00. Tickets are on sale at the Union desk, and table reservations may be made next week in the Union office.
Prize Livestock
Displayed At Show
“Littl^ International,” the University’s preview of its livestock that it will send to the international exposition in Chicago, was given in the livestock • judging pavilion Wednesday evening before a capacity crowd. ' 'Thirty-two barrows, nine steers, and 22 sheep were shown at the show. In addition, 16 draft horses, which will not be displayed at the international, were shown.
Tau Kappa Epsiloii
Tan Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of H. H. Denery, Denver, Colorado; and G. W. Throckmorton, Rock Island, Illinois.
Cniy
More Days To Get That
BUCKET!
WBAA Plans
Broadcast
Special Program From Music Room Tomorrow
As a special Dad’s Day feature, WBAA will broadcast a half hour progn’am from 12:00 to 12:30 o’clock tomorrow. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will be featured with Jo Friend as soloist, and Bob Heine will.act as master of ceremonies. The program will be broadcast from the music room in the Memorial Union Building and it will be opened to the general public. The event will afford visitors and residents of the vicinity an opportunity to witness an actual broadcast as it goes on the air. Game Broadcast WBAA will also broadcast the Indiana-Purdue game which is scheduled for 2 p. m. The broadcast will go on the air about 1:40 p. m. The general public is invited to witness the regular weekly Children’s Hour broadcast tomorrow morning at 11 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building.
To Donor Football Men
Frosh And Varsity Banquet Monday Evening
The annual post-season football banquet, honoring both the varsity and freshman varsity teams, will be held at 6:30 o’clock Monday evening, November 23, in the Memorial Union Building. Tickets for the banquet have already been placed on sale and may be obtained from members of the Kiwanis Club, at Decker’s, Southworth’s, or Deac’s. This banquet is given annually to give everyone a chance to shpw their loyalty to the team and to become acquainted with many of the members of the squad.
Bands To Combine Before Kickoff
A merger of the Purdue and Indiana bands will greet the fans before the opening kickoff tomorrow. Two hundred and forty members, the combined strength of the organizations, will take part. This innovation, if successful, will no doubt become an annual event of the Purdue-Indiana game. The formation includes the playing of “The'Old Oaken Bucket,” with accompanying singing by spectators.
Kappa Alpha Theta
Kappa Alpha Theta announces the initiation of Jeanne Beemer, of Lafayette; Marian Frazier, Oak Park, Illinois; Virginia Huffman, West Lafayette,; Mayy Ann Kelsay, Hartford City; Elizabeth Moore, Lafayette; and Margaret Nelson, Anderson.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, November 23, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance ia expected. EDWARD 0. ELLIOTT, President.
Anson Weeks Plays For Blanket Hop Tonight At 9
Anson Weeks and his famous orchestra, who recently concluded their second season in Chicago, alternating at the Aragon ajtid Trianon ballrooms, will furnish the music for the Blanket Hop tonight from 9 till 12 o’clock, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Build-
Incineration Of Miss L U. To Feature Big Rally
ing.
Weeks has played for many radio broadcasts and has become one of the Brunswick company’s leading recording artists. The Blanket Hop is the annual dance held in honor of the “P” men and is Sponsored by the Union at the regular mixer price of one dollar. The proceeds are used to buy blankets for the membet^ of the teams.
In his local appearance. Weeks will present Margie Dee in solo specialties and Frankie Saputo in novelty presentations.
Holder Of Lucky Number Will Receive Autographed Football
ANSON WEEKS
Playshop Wffl Present ‘The Hairy Ape’ Tonight
First Performance In Duncan Hall At 8:30; Tickets On Sale Today From 4 To 6 In Union Lobby Playshop’s first presentation of “The Hairy Ape,” will be staged tonight at 8:30 o’clock when the curtain rises on the Duncan Hall stage. The play will be repeated tomorrow night in honor of Dad’s Day. Tickets will be on sale today in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building from 4 until 6 p. m., and all day tomorrow.
Louis Juillard, playing the part of Yank, a huge ape-like rtian in the lower strata of the economic system, and Thais Crepps, in the part of Mildred Douglas, a' wealthy, dissatisfied girl, are among principals in the cast. Final dress rehearsal was held last night using complete settlings and costumes, and makeup. The settings are unusual due to their studied lack of realism. Nobel Prize Special interest has been aroused in this play due to the fact^that the playwright, Eugene O’Neill, was recently awarded the 1936 Nobel prize for literature. “The Hairy Ape” is being directed by H. Kenn Carmichael, and staged by Gilbert Dunbar Williams in Duncan Hall on Ferry street in Lafayette.
WAA Will Observe Annual Sports Day
Tomorrow will be the W. A. A. annual sports day on the campus and a program has been planned for the entertainment of the dads who will be here. At 10 o’clock the speedball championship game will be played between the “Speed Demons” and the “Tired Frogs.” There will also be an archery tournament between the two girls with the highest scores from each of the five archery divisions. The varsity hockey team will play the all-star team. At 11 o’clock a hockey game will be played between the “Etcetera” team and the Lafayette Hockey Club.
Clear, Cold
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse I '^peeked in the Memorial Union Building early this morning (about 2 a. m.) and got a glimpse at Miss Indiana. But that wasn’t the first time I had seen her. I contributed to her death, I just decided to let out the facts. I sneaked in her deathroom, she was conscious for a moment and wheii she saw me, a mouse, she used her last ounce of energy in giving a most unladylike scream. It was her last. It will be clear and cold today.
1936 Nobel Prize Winner Author Of ^The Hairy Ape ’ By Jeanne Janousek
With the production of The Hairy Ape on the campus this week-end, we are reminded of the fact that Eugene O’Neill was awarded the 1936 Nobel prize for literature. The recognition thus gained by O’Neill not only marks him as the greatest American playwright, but actually signifies the beginning of the supremacy of the American theatre. Writer For 20 Years O’Neill has been writing plays for 20 years. He has shown typical American life to Americans. He has not hesitated to present age-old moral problems, with a true background of a disintegrated social scheme. He has used the theatre to unite clearly life and ait He is unafraid to face the truth, and he has keen vision. He has been the founder of the American di’ama, now others must follow in his path. l!,ignl-Act Play At the age of 47, O’Neill is beginning an eight-act play representing Ameincan life during the past 16 years. This is another of his dramatic experiments that will undoubtedly add a rung to his already long ladder of fame. In The Hairy Ape, Eugene O’Neill brings in a note of high tragedy based on the futile struggle of men against an overhearing fate. He was the first dramatist to bring this note into the theatre since the Greek dramatists. This play, which will be presented tonight and tomorrow evening is filled with O’Neill’s deep in-
sight into the feelings of men.
Home Ec. Stu^eiits Leave For Inspection Tour
Home economics students who left for Chicago today on an inspection tour are Bessie Barinwart, Helen Koons, Virginia McBride, Mary Frances McQueen, Ada Snider, and Mary Wilson. They were accompanied by Miss Edith Gamble and Miss Amy Howe. The trip is being sponsored by the Chicago group of home economics women in business for those students interested in that line of home economics.
By R. P. Manion Students will not be required to know their student numbers in order to claim the autographed football that is to be given away at tonight’s pep session by the Reamer Club, L. 0. Buxton, president of the organization, annoimced last night. All student numbers. Including those of graduate and special students, will be placed in a woden keg resembling the Old Oaken Bucket. “Spots” Emrick, University band director, will draw a number from the keg, and both the number and the name of the student corresponding to it will be announced. More Drawings If the pigskin is not claimed within two minutes, another drawing or drawings will be made until the ball is given away. The $16 football, autographed by Coach Noble Kizer, his assistant coaches, and all members of the 1936 gridiron squad, will be on display at the Union desk again today.
George Ade Unchanged
George Ade, one of the University’s most famous alumni, was reported in an unchanged condition after a short period of improvement Wednesday. Suffering an attack of limg hypostasis and heart trouble, he is still being kept under an oxygen tent. Ade was stricken shortly after his arrival in Miami,
Florida six days ago.
WAA Will Sponsor Co-ed Bid Dance
A “Half-way Meet” dance will be given in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building on December 4 by W. A. A. Although the dance is a co-ed bid, the girls will pay only for the tickets which are $1.00. All sorority houses, the Women’s Residence Hall, the Union desk and the W. A. A. office will have tickets for sale beginning today. Dick Hartum and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will furnish the music. Margaret Jones is in charge of the dance.'
Wesley Foimdation Bucket Party Wesley Foundation’s annual Old Ohken Bucket Party will be held at the Foundation Hbuse at 8 o’cloclc this evening. The program will center around the tradition of the Old Oaken Bucket.”
Tomorrow night a Purdue-Indiana iinner will be held at the Foundation House beginning at 6 o’clock. Ten leading officers of the Indiana Wesley Foundation will give short talks on their work.
44
Mademoiselle’’
Selects, Co-eds
Four co-eds were chosen recently to represent the University on the college board of Mademoiselle. Betty Simpson was selected from the senior class, Marjorie Poor from the junior class, Barbara Gibbs a sophomore, and Ruth Ezra, a freshman. Te win her position, each girl submitted » paper on eloGies suitable for a southmm cruise^ including designs for the wardrobe. Various colleges throughout the country are represented on Uie college board. A sectional contest will be held soon, the winners of which will receive Qashmere sweaters.
Students To Form In Union At 6^:55 For The Parade To Stuart Field
I. N. Diana
Miss Indiana Football has arrived at Purdue. Her body is now lying in state in the lobby of tiie Memorial Union Building while plans for an elaborate “incineration” service which is to feature the gigantic pep session tonight at 7 o’clock have been completed. Her remains arrived at midnight last night, without an escort from the University at Bloomington. “Bo” McMillin, who stayed at her bedside faithfully imtil she died Wednesday evening, was too grief-stricken to make the trip. The remainder of the Indiana faculty and student body was engaged in draining the Bloomington streets of the flood of tears brought on by Miss Indiana’s untimely death. Floral 'Tributes Pale and deathly, her emaciated body showing the rigors of her severe illness, she lies in a gold and black casket cloistered in lily-white drapery. Banked in fifont of the coffin are “wreaths and flowers” donated by fraternities and sororities. A large “wreath” composed of dried up cora-stalks sent by the Delta Upsilon chapter was the first flower donation to arrive. ^ The student body will gaUier at the Memorial Union Builffing at 6:65 o’clock tonight to form a torchlight parade to accompany the body on its way to Stuart Field where the incineration wiR take place.
Bonfire
In the center of Stuart Field will be a crackling bonfire prepared by Gimlet, Reamers, and Skull and Crescent members. Every available piece of burnable wood in Lafayette and vicinity has been gafJiered for the blaze. The body will be transported to the field in a hearse while the crowd will chant a death dirge take-off on the Indiana school song. Funeral Services Due to the unusual number of church and laymen who have been clamoring for the opportunity to preach the funeral services at the field, the committee in charge of Uie session' has been unable to choose the lucky person as yet. The coffin will be placed on the platform while the eulogy is presented. Immediately afterward hundreds of willing hands will jerk the casket from the platform and hurl it “gently” into the blazing bonfire.
Music
The fiery bier will be banked by smile wreathed faces of Pufdue students. As the body is crackling in flames the Purdue Band will strike up “Hail Purdue.” Coach Noble Kizer and Captain George Bell will he the only speakers at the short pep session which will follow.
Oak Park Teacher Talks To PubRe Opinion Class
The cldss in the Psychology of Public Opinion will hear a lecture by Dr. Vernon Cooper tonight at 7:30 o’clock in I'oom 6 of the Education Building. Dr. Cooper, who is professor of history and political science at Oak Park Junior College, will speak on “Public Opinion And The History Of The American Press,”
\ ^ V ^ x
, ' I ^ """"'ll)
s./ ir>
fe V
iNjgel^
THB PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. November 20.1986
Get That Bucket
(Courtesy of the Purdue Alumnus).
Talk about your guest conductors We have a real one today—^Mal Elward, the Purdue Varsity end coach. Mai declares he had a dream a week or so ago in which the Old Oaken Bucket walked across to his bed and made a touching “appeal.” This appeal constitutes the first part of Elward s poem and Mai’s “answer/’ the second. Here goes:
appeal
Say—I’ve been away for two years now, And I want to come back. Can’t you see, That two years in the place by the Jordan, Has made a wreck out of me ?
My bottom which was round and solid When I graced the halls of Purdue, Is now broken and gagged and worn From the dragging it’s had through I. U.
Two years with the Cream and Crimson Has made me decrepit and old. So I’m asking you guys just one favor. Bring me back to the Black and Gold.
They have shown me at dances and rallies. The Frats and Sororities, too; But what I saw at those places I’d rather been shown at the zoo.
So get a good tough gang together. And save me from further disgrace. For I feel like a stretch of bad weather Since I’ve looked that crowd in the face.
Tell Kizer, Mackey, Taube, Fehming ’n all, To make that line charge, and the backs hold the ball.
For I want to get back to the Wabash, See the Boosters and call them by name; And shake hands with those guys round the table. Those hearts are ever the same.
So long now, I must be going Back to that I. U. hell. Sure I’d rather be left in the barnyard, Down in that moss-covered well.
Where I’d lie all day in the shadows Hear the birds sing and kissed by the dew And dream of the time spent in heaven When you birds had a team at Purdue. He He S* *
ANSWER
Old bucket, old pal, we are sorry; You haven’t been treated so well. We admit that two years ’long the Jordan At its best—is not very swell. j
But sit tight and don’t let them bore you. Keep your chin up and never say die; And when things get tough, remember. That a “P” has it all over an “1.”
Keep your staves good, tough old bucket. And that handle of yours up on top; May your hoops round your sides protect you From the gapes of those you know not.
And we’ll get that good tough gang together, In the line and the backfield too; To bring you back to the Wabash, And your home at Old Purdue.
Respect Fellow Boosters
Students have evolved various methods of expressing loyalty to the athletic teams of their school and their aversion to athletic opponents. A certain amount of emotion is built up by the approach of intercollegiate athletic contests and by the colorful publicity that precedes and accompanies them. It is only natural for the students to give vent to these pent-up emotions. But with all the numerous ways for blowing off steam.
tKfft $urbue exponent
Fonnded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 f^socioted GoUedtate FVess Distributors of GDiie6taleDi6est
RCPIUCBCNTeO rOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York NY CHICAGO - BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES - Portland • Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8 50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5088 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Pidblieation of Purdue University
Uitor-in-Chief Vanaging Editor Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF
W. T. Hunt H. Moms
K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster,
R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sophomore AsBistants W M Anthony. D A Bailey,
J A Chapin, J R Clark, L. S Hardin, A B Keller, E H Kellogg, K E O’Neil, C D Schroeder, H I. Stanback, D. E Vance.
Sports Editor _ Associate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
„ , .. BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager— — „ National Advertising Manager „ Local Advertising Manager Cimdation Manager . „
Bditor Advertising Manager APMKdate Editors
Imw Bditor—J. A. Chapin
among which yelling at games and pep s^sions is probably the most common and the most effective, there is no reason for turning to ill-bred means. . Every other year, when Indiana University’s football team comes to West Lafayette to play ball, catchy phrases suggesting various things to do to the down-state athletic team appear on streets and building throughout the town in various paint colors. This is innocent enough when decent language is used and only streets are decorated with the scrawls, if the paint used washes off or wears away easily, but when paint is applied to buildings, it is not to the credit of Purdue students and is destructive and defacing to property. So let’s try to remember that the citizens of Lafayette and West Lafayette not only pay taxes that help keep up the University, but they are also good boosters for University athletics and as such ought to receive a great deal of consideration.—R. P. M.
Mercy Killing
The English Parliament has in its hands the power to stir up more religious controversy than has been seen since the days of the reformation. A bill designed to permit medical men to “kill” incurable and suffering patients was introduced into that body early this month, and its actions on the bill will have far reaching effect. It is probable that the bill will not pass in its original form, and such a measure can not be altered to a form in which it would pass and still retain the essential points of the original. No nation on earth, the British, the least of all, would be willing to initiate and endorse such a procedure, at least at present. The preponderance of opinion against the bill will probably condemn it. However, it is the opinion of the minority that will have the great effect. Mercy killing —or euthanasia, as it is called by its exponents—^has aroused much comment in the past few years. Already many medical and church leaders have expressed their approval. Humanitarians agree that some measure should be provided to alleviate the sufferings of incurable invalids, and many advocate a measure that "would allow physicians legally to put such sufferers to death. The comments that will be made in Parliament will draw the attention of the entire world, and will lend more arguments and more prestige to the cause of the euthanasists. The introduction of this bill into the English legislature will provide the first opportunity f9r these advocates to see how strong their case is. Chosen representatives of the English people will express their opinions, and from these opinions it should not be difficult to predict the future of the cause of “mercy killing.” Moreover, it is quite possible, that interdenominational religious wars will result from the attention that will he given this interesting question. The various church sections have always had quite definite opinions on any question that comes within their jurisdiction—and on those which do not; and when their opinions on such a vital question as legal killing are at variance, we may see a religious dispute that would rock the entire Christian world.—J. E. B.
Heigh Ho and Lack-a-Day am I wrong or is this May-#-for VI DAMMEYER is engaged or my lamps are stimulating wrong sensations— 1 eould have sworn that a sparkler was resting upon the right finger of the proper hand—is BUD TAYLOR playing fish or am he am? . •.
At the alter you always falter In the battle you’re black and blue. Oh Indiana, Oh Indiana, Oh Indiana to “ with you.
OVERHEARD WED. NIGHT— Dotty Kuehn: “We need the soft chairs for the Discussion Group.” Janitor in Union: “You don’t need soft chairs for that group, what you need is beds.”
The November “Poultry Tribune” IS carrying a picture of one of our farmette co-eds—FRITZY WALKEY broke the camera at a certain posing this summer which portrays her canning chickens — naturally the picture was only a temporary condition . .
CLASSIFICATIONS LOUISE SCHICKLER—refreshing, pretty, lovely, charming, un. usual. . . LOUISE BAIN—stately, tall, charming, talkative . . . SALLY McDERMID — poised picturesque, gleaming . . . RUTH ANSPACH—eastern, outspoken, blunt, nice . . . SUSIE SEXSON—carefiee, caiefree, carefree . . . HOPE REISNER—poised, sophisticated, well-dressed
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“Oh, helly, Zaza—I hardly knew you!”
Cattlemen To Assemble This Morning At 10:30
Members of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association will assemble in the Livestock Judging Pavilion at 10:30 this morning for the first session of their annual meeting. Speakeis who will address the gioup during the meeting are Dr. E. C. Young, of the University faim management staff, Brother Leo, of Notre Dame, James Little, Paul Thompson, and Newell Merrill.
I AM’S HARRY HUGHES—in love with FRANKIE . . . GEORGE CLAYPOLE—It, foiall the girls fall for me . . . STU TRUITT—always giiping about something , . . NICK BELLURY—“Nickie” to the girls . . . JERRY BRISTLE—God’s gift to the army . . . BOB SMITH—^the strong and silent type
Two Bands To Alternate For Mixer Tomorrow
As a final touch in finishing up Dad’s Day, the regular mixer tomoirow night will feature two orchestras, those of Bud Bryant and Johnny Ammerman. The dance will be from 7 p. m. until 12 p. m. with the regular mixer price of one dollar being charged.
Ordering The Courtroom
Premier Mussolini is preparing to pick up another handful of marbles. Reports coming from Rome late last week stated that II Duce is initiating what attorneys describe as “one of the most important changes in twentieth century jurisprudence.” He has started to abolish existing Italian courts of law and to substitute in their place corporate state legal committees. Different committees would decide different questions and the committee members would be selected from the industry or profession with which they are connected. For example, cases dealing with monetary considerations in the Italian automobile industry would be decided by comittees chosen from the automobile guild. This plan should not be condemned merely because it is Mussolini’s idea. It seems to have possibilities of eliminating the inefficiency of regular court procedure and will allow a case to be judged by those most able to judge it. However, with these important benefits in view, we can not help but be skeptical of the premier’s motives when official sources give as the reason for this move, the fact that conditions in Italy are so settled aud the people are so united about their “Duce” that lawyers have decided that there is no necessity for continuing regular court procedure.—J. E. B.
L. D, Wood
- W. H. Fifield, S. B Griffiths, B. F. Obenchain
R, J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. 0. Miller J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF ~ -.Helen Creech Betty Barnett _ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon” orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular electionu.
This Thanksgiving Union Show has got me on the run—according to all reports the wise cracks, ^c., are really something—by the way at the practice last night the gals in the pony chorus sure did swing it 01 something
A man was once caught by his Mrs. To the maid-servant giving some Krs. On perceiving his plight He suggested in fright . . , What a most inconvenient mess Thrs.” —Indiana Technician.
MARS PASSES MARS
There have only been two pomes concerning Dad’s Day and the Indiana sisters—the third or fourth one ought to be able to win the MARS passes . . .
WHY IS THE QUESTION MARK The question mark on the front page doesn’t signify The Old Oaken Bucket, Union Formal, Blanket Hop, WAA Hop, or any future convocation—you tell me what it really means—I don’t know—much . . .
If I go to the BLANKET HOP tonight, I may get pie-eyed and then will not be able to see my ANSON WEEKS . . . Oh, My .. .
Newman Club To Present Dance After Pep Session
Members of the University Newman Club will give a radio dance in St. Mary’s school gymnasium immediately following the pep session tonight. The dance will be free to all Catholic students on the campus and their dates. Refreshments will be served.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LUMA
TODAY—SATURDAY
REDRIC MARCH OLIVIA De HAVILLAND Anita LOUISE Claude RAINS
Prices This Attraction Matinee 1 Sc-25c-35c Night 15c-35c- (45c-5c Tax) SOc
YWCA wm Sponsor Fireside Open Meeting
Sponsored by the Y. W. C. A., an open fireside party will be given in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building Tuesday, November 24, from 4 to 5 p. m. Group singing and special music will be provided at this informal party. The Y. W. C. A. invites all co-eds who may come and go as they wish. Refreshments will be served
NOTICE A private lesson will be given free of charge TUES., NOV, 24,6:00 p. m. to those wishing to enroll in our new Adult Beginner’s Class
Ballroom Dancing Phone 2160 AUjEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY
JAMES DUNN SALLY EILERS
‘Don’t Get Personal” TIM McCOY “Bulldog Courage”
SERIAL • CARTOON
15c Double Feature 15c
BkMn
TODAY—SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
DICK FORAN in
‘The California Mail' and PAUL KELLY
in
‘The Accusing Finger‘
TODAY—SATURDAY
M-C-M l«lM>*
—Extra— CARTOON IN COLOR MUSICAL REVUE
m .mm.m fICSSM ■ Hpvnpi
Today and Saturday Big Double Feature Lafayette’s First Showiag
JAN KEITH TALA BIRELL
“WHITE LEGION’
Pins Second Feature “I’ll Name the Murderer”
Sun., Mon., Tues., Wed. Starts
MID-NITE
SAT. NITE 11:30 p. m.
A love story that speaks from the deep heart of one glorious woman to the secret hearts of all women!
Hepburn, in her tenderest role since “Little lyonien.”
ELIZABETH ALLAN DONALD CRISP Doris nuDLUr l^vid BANNERSt*riday^ November 20,1986
tHB,P0HDUE EXPONBNt
Boilermaker Grid Squad Appear^ In Good Shape For Tomorrow’s Game Bdth Isbells f Drake^ Stalcup Make Up Back field; Powell^ SpehUf Botney To Play End Positions Last night the varsity ended this year’s practice sessions with a short workout that lasted about an hour and a half. Spending the first part of the week in hard scrimmage and coming through without injuries, the varsity was given no chance to overwork itself before the game tomorrow.
The entire squad seems to
be in good shape and ready to go. The first team consists of the same men who, started last week against Iowa. The two Isbells, Drake, and Stalcup will make up the backfield, and the line from tackle to tackle will be the same as that Which has been played all season. One end will be played by Powell, and the other position will be alternated between Spehn and Botney. Frosh Numerals Tonight the Frosh,-will have their final workout among themselves. There are still one hundi’ed and ten greenies out with about sixty of these to be given numerals next Monday night. A few reserved seats are still
left, and there will probably be a few for sale at the stadium. The crowd is expected to approach 30,000 if the general admission seats go as expected. A wide open game and two nationally known bands should give the capacity crowd an
enjoyable afternoon.
Chess Club Competes With Indiana Tomorrow The University chess team will play Indiana tomorrow morning at 11:00 o’clock in the peasant roo^ of the Memorial Union Building. The probable Purdue team will be composed of Bellinger, Boatright, Connelly, Filstrup, and Green. The manager of the Purdue team is Ward Stallings.
You Expect It in a Hen
Hunt pcdutrlans ar* la auoli a imy tlia^ thqr eross atreats when* Inmr flit idea pops into their head, Ifrifhouf looHnir either to right or lift to lee whether It to aafe to erosi. liany pedeetriaiu contend that it to aafer tor them to cross In the mid* die of the block than at the interaeo* tlon crosswalks. But they are flirb Sag with serious injury and death. Many motorists are ol the opinion that chickens don’t cross the road as they once did. Perhaps bitter vxperience in the animal world has developed a new species of hen—one that is more careful in crossing the road. If that is so, it may be that bitter experience will bring about a change in the crossing habits of pede.strinns.
In 1984 more than 72,000 pedestrians were hit when they were erofslng streets in the middle of block. More than 4,800 were killed and nearly 68,000 were ln> Jured. But only 9,910 pedestrians were hit when crossing Intersectlons with the signal, and 190 were killed and 9,720 were injured. In crossing against signals, there were 89,730 pedestrians hit, and 1,100 were killed and 31,860 were injured; These statistics are presented in the most recent study ol the traffic problem published by the Travelers insurance Company. Some one has said that those who walk without looking are the world’s prize examples of ab-sent-mindedness.
C/fPT: C4//2/ff. D4L S/ISffO - / two/^
TSLO K/\//\JGSTO/si -r-/^ <zk:LYSIS'
When Purdue tries to gain ground through the Hoosier line they may find these two huskies^ Capt. Cris Dal Sasso, and Ted Livingston blocking their way. It is very doubtful whether Captain Dal Sasso, a senior, will see action against Purdue because of leg injuries received in the Ohio game. Livingston, a junior, uses his six foot, three inches, 210 pound physique to great advantage in breaking up powerhouse plays of his opponents.
Fraternity Teams Plan Tournament Interfratemity Imsketball is scheduled to start the week of November 30. 'The league will be comprised of two sections, an upiier bracket of the 24 highest fraternities of last year’s play, from which group the six best teams will go to the finals. A lower bracket consists of the 14 fraternities that stood lowest in last year’s games. Two of these will go into the finals. A practice schedule starts Tueday, November 24. Ineligibility Men playing in this league will be ineligible to compete in the Class “B” League which follows. For each forfeited game, the team will lose participation points. Rules regarding this sport may be read on page nine of the Intramural Handbook. Entry^ blanks must reach the intramural office by tomorrow.
ielder’s.... ....choice i.-_By Bob Walpole
And the day of reckoning approaches ... tomorrow afternoon if everything goes well, the Boilermakers will be ringing the victory bell again, and the Bucket will be on the Purdue campus, back where it belongs . . . —fc— However, we don’t advise taking it for granted that we have that game in the bag ... we haven’t, and the Hoosiers will present tomorrow one of the strongest football tfeams that Purdue has faced this season . . . —fc— Again we say, the team needs support . . . begin tonight, if you haven’t already done so, to support yours, ours, and-Nobe’s eleven . . . tonight will be the scene of one of the biggest and best pep sessions in the history of the University ... make it your responsibility to be out to YELL and BACK THAT TEAM ... ' —^fc— ' ’ Seven seniors will be wearing the Old Gold and Black for the last time on Saturday, and as Nobe says “Those boys will be fighting their hearts out to beat Indiana” . . . and they will, too . . . Captain George Bell, Forrest Burmeister, Wayne Gift, Lee Graves, John Drake, Fred Stalcup, and Ben Medley—all seven of them will be out there playing the type of ball that they have shown all year . . . the will to win, and you will find it with these fellas . . and the rest of the squad, too . . .
Wisconsin Hopes For Win Against Mighty Gophers Encouraged by their showing in their last two games, the Wisconsin football men are concentrating all their efforts on making good at Minnesota this week-end. Although Minnesota is an overwhelming favorite in tomorrow’s conflict, the improvement shown by the Badgers in their last few games gives them at least a fighting chance. Coach Stuhldreher lacks material this year in all departments except in the aerial division. Since he has several excellent passers and at least three exceptional receivers he has been concentrating on an air attack all season. The weather was against the Badgers the first part of the season, as four of the first five games were played in the rain, with the result that Wisconsin lost them. Northwestern Game In the'Northwestern game, however, a dry field gave the Badgers a chance to show what they really had in the way of an aeiial aitack. Although defeated, 26-18 they completed 19 out of 30 passes, and outgained Northwestern 17 first downs to 10, and 297 yards to 276 yards. The Badgers feel that if they can hold the Minnesota powerhouse from running wild, their passing attack, once started, will pave the way to an upset in Saturday’s contest.
Remember the PEP SESSION. AND ONE MORE DAY TO GET THAT BUCKET ...
TOUCHBALL —TODAY— Field 1— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Official, Kerber. CARY HALL— 2— Ist Floor North vs. 1st Floor East. Official, Abell. 3— 2nd Floor North vs, 2nd Floor Blast. Official, Chapman. 4— 8rd Floor North vs.’ 3rd Floor East. Official, Martin.
Cosmopolitan Oiib Will Have Social Tonight After the pep sesion tonight the Cosmopolitan Club is having a social meeting. The meeting will be held in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building, where refreshments will be served. All members, faculty members, and those interested are invited by the committee in charge.
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
Indlmia Biills In Secret Blondngton, Ind., 19. Aiming at a tie^far namer'^ position in the final Big Ten •trading in addition to refaitiing {Wsseasion of the "Old Oaken Bneket,’* in its final Big Ten game Saturday against Purdue, the Indiana mfiver-* siiy football team whipped through another brisk secret workout today. Coach Bo McMillin, in order to prevent injuries at this late date, revealed that he has not sciimmaged the teamjsD week, but that the work has been mostly a final polishing and timing of offensive formations, a^nd the mastering of defensive assignments.
SQUASH PRACTICE 4- 4- 4- ♦ V ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ —TODAY— 1:00—Sigma Alpha Mb, 2:00—Sigma Alpha 3:00—Sigma Ch£ 4:00—Sigma Phi Epailon. 6:00—Sigma Nn.
FOR NEW—SMART CABS CaU 2151 Radio-Equipped
Deluxe Cab Co.
Corner Fifth & Ferry
llntiiiueff.,. One of the largest collections of good antique furniture, chin.a, glass, etc., in Indiana at reasonable prices. idoote’sl Colonial iRari^t 220 North 5th StreetA-
I'I
OVIRCOATS TOP COATS by RAGLANS WRAPS POLOS GUARDS $22.50 Plaids Checks Plain-Weaves Rosenthals
322 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK iOO Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-W erkhoff Company Phone 3882
MODERN BOOT SHOP Nunn-Bush and Edgerton Shoes for Men 423 Main St., Lafayette
At a meeting of the Edgewood club November 23, at 2:30 ^’clock, in Duncan Hall, Miss Elizabeth Pisber "of Chalmers, Indiana, will give a book review. Mrs. Marvin May will speak on “New Books of Interest.” A brief business meeting will be held at 2 o’clock. Mrs. Kyle Fouts will act as hostess. Miss Jeanette Driscoll and Mrs. Frank Frosch will assist her.
American Literature club meeting to have been held November 26, has been postponed until the second Thursday of December.
Today at 3 o’clock, before the Lafayette Art Club, Grace Tyner White, a University alumna, will speak on the subject, “Wall Treatment,” at the Lafayette Art Gallery, 668 Main street. Miss White, a designer and decorator from Chicago, graduated in 1906.
“Friends And Fiddlers” by Catherine Bowen will be reviewed by Mrs. G. M. Frier, November 25 at the home of Mrs. Eva Dickey for the members of the Three O’clock Club.
The Kensington Club will meet today at 2:30 o’clock at the home of Mrs. John Bullard. Mrs. T. E. Johnston will review “I Am The Pox,” a recent novel by Winifred Van Etten.
A current event roll call will be featured Tuesday by the While-a-While members at the home of Mrs. R. H. Wileman at 2:30 o’clock.
Make HER Week-End Complete with "Mums" for the game and CORSAGE for the Dance from ROTH.... Florist, liK.
635 Main St.
Phone 7^55-8050
PIGCLY wWlliliLi.
CfimifesiStbms ^oultrp Piggly Wiggly Markets will have strictly fresh killed and fresh dressed Thanksgiving Poultry. The Turkeys, Ducks, Geese and Chickens will be bought from nearby poultry raisers They will be killed and dressed Monday and Tuesday, November 23rd and 24th thereby assuring the customers that the dressed poultry they buy at their nearest Piggly Wiggly will be the freshest and finest obtainable Lower Prices Piggly Wiggly prices of fresh dressed poultry will be lower than they have the past two years. Turkey prices will be unusually low and you can plan now to enjoy a fine young Turkey dinner this Thanksgiving. If you want the pick of the finest, freshest Thanksgiving poultry, we suggest that you leave your order with your Piggly Wiggly Meat Man this Friday or Saturday and he will make the selection with utmost efficiency
^ THB ypRPUB... BXPP 20,iw
Lloyd McMurray, state superintendent of public instruction, will speak to the A. A. U. W. club November 24 at 7:30 o’clock in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building on the subject, “Looking Ahead In Indiana.” Miss Violet Kiser, art teacher in the Jefferson high school will sing. The meeting will be preceded by a dinner at 6 o’clock.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and ■epaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606-Main St. Phone 2779.
Enroll in our New Advanced Class Friday, November 20, 7:00 p. m. Allen’s.
Apartment for 4 or 5 men students, 203 University street.
Wanted—Students to sell Exponents Saturday afternoon, November 21, from 4 p. m to 5:30. Call Morris, 6037-6038 after 4 p. m.
Lost—Sheaffer’s black pen and pencil. Reward. Joe Rittenhouse. Phone 36773.
Wanted—Tickets to the Indiana game. Phone Miller 41612, between 12 and 1 today.
Sleeping Room—^New, all modern furnished room. Close to Purdue. Room for two students. Phone 71201.
NOTICES No iMtiCM aeccplMl attar • p. m.
Students Wanted—To sell the Exponent Saturday afternoon, November 21, from 4 p. m. to 6:80 p. m Call Moms, 50S7-5038 after 4 p. m, —MORRIS.
Student Senate—Following committees have been appointed: Committee on Committees—Farquharson, chairman ; Reisner, Lippert, Esterline, Wait, Reiley, Wirth Elections Committee—Craig chairman, Elston, Bowman, Gutting, Jacobi, Clark. Student Relations Committee — Wood, chairman; Stewart, Lippert, Ohaver, Ahrens Publicity Committee — Miles, chairman; monfort, Campbell. Constitutional Committee—Rohvans, chairman ; Reisner, Wirth, Gutting, Monfort. Hand-Book Committee—iijinott, cnuirman , Elston, Parkison, Jacobi, Ahrens. Each chairman will contact his committee and hold a meeting within two weeks. —MARTIN.
Newman Club—^Dance at St Mary’s Church at 9 p. m November 20 All Catholic students cordially invited. —KERNEL
Sorority Recordings—The date of making fraternity and sorority recordings has been changed from Wednesday, November 18 to Tuesday November 24 at 8 16, in the Music Room. —PUTZE
Hockey Boosters—Any girls who wish to participate in booster lor Goid Hockey November 21 at 10 a m please sign in women’s gym —RITCHY
Ushers and Police—All ushers and police report at the stadium at 12 noon, November 21, to work at the 1. U game —SANDERS
Skull and Crescent—Get your stickers for the Indiana game as soon as possible at Triangle house —JACOBI
A. S. M. E. Members—Get copies of M. E. Journal from “Eddie” in Instrument Room in Mechanical Laboratory —WELDY Purdue Plying Club—Ship is ready for flying Anyone desiring to fly get in touch with me until further notice —McCRACKIN
Tutors—Students interested in tutoring in freshman engineering subjects, apply in the Personnel ofifce —BURRELL W. A. A.—All girls interested in entering the black hockey team for the Dad’s Day exhibition please sign up in the gym —JONES Newman Club—Dance this evening, November 20, at 9 o’clock in gymnasium of St Mary’s Church All Catholic students and their dates are invited Refreshments will be served. —KERNEL Lutheran Students—eBusiness meeting on Sunday evening, November 22 at 8:00 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. y —BOEHM
Debris Sophomores—All editorial workers meet in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m , November 20. —MAS’TERS
Roger Williams Club—Picture will be taken November 22 at 9.46 a. m. at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. —SCHATZLEY
Union Workers My committee repoit in Union cafeteria November 20 at 6 —RIETH
Alpha Phi Omega—Pledge meeting Tuesday, November 24, at 7:80 p. m., in room A of the Memorial Union Building —MERRIAM
Fraternity Presidents—See that all five assessments, dues, and handbook assessments are turned in to me at Phi Kappa house as soon as possible. —STOCK
Union Workers—Stallings’ and Ried’s committees report to Stallings in workshop at 4 o’clock November 20. —STALLINGS,
Y. W. C. A,—Open meeting in form of woi-ship service for Thanksgiving at 4 o’clock, November 26, in facuty lounge of Memorial Union Building —SCHAEFFER. W. A. A. Rooters—All girls interested in supporting the Black team at Dad’s Day exhibition game, sign up November 21. —JONES,
P. 1. A.—Orchestra meet at 6:30 in the tower room Friday, November 20. -FRAME.
Skull and Crescent—Meet in front oC the gym at 4 p. m., November 20, for bonfire, —FBNSTEBMAKEB,
Orehesis—Board meeting Ndvemher 20 at 4 p. m in the Women’s Gym. -PRENTICE Union Workers^My committee report to office at 4 p, m., November 20. —PUTZE.
Undergraduates at Stevens InstL tute of Technology want to learn more about the clocks they watch, An informal course on time-pieces— watches and clocks—^is being launched again this year.
Household
Notes
0 0 0
Turkey, dressing, and cranberries step to the front on a Thanksgiving stage. For perfectly molded, firm cranberry jelly, great care must be taken. All quantities must be measured exactly; too much of the liquid or berries will give a slushy result.
Another pitfall for the jelly maker utterly out of her control is the condition of the berries. Berries too ripe will not jell even when prepared most meticulously. A thick slice of lemon and orange will add a citrus taste to the tartness of the cranberries.
Ground cranberries and orange make an unusual relish with your Thanksgiving fowl. The ground fruits should be allowed to stand with the sugar so that it will penetrate the berries.
Or, for a change from cranberries, browned pineapple slices or cinnamon apples circling the fowl make your turkey proud. The apples may be red and spiced with red hots, or colored with fruit coloring and flavored to suit the hostess—^with cloves, lemon or mint.
Oysters, chestnuts, or sausage may be used to vary the bread stuffing for the Thanksgiving turkey. A pinch of sage mixed thoroughly with the fried bread crumbs adds a tang to your dressing.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
TODAY 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.—Rural Electric Conference, Room 301, Agricultural Engineering Building. 9:30 a. m. to 3:30 p. m.—^Indiana State Cattle Feeders, Livestock Judging Pavilion. 1 p. m.—^Bridge Luncheon of Aesthenian Club, faculty lounge, Memorial Union Building. 4 p. m.—Agronomy Seminar, room 201, Agriculture Hall. 6:30 p, m.—Dinner, Dad’s DayExecutive, rooms 1 and 2, Memorial Union Building. 6:30 p. m.—^Executive Board Dinner. 8:30 p. m. — Playshop — “The Hairy Ape,” Duncan Hall, Lafayette. 9 p. m.—Dance—Alpha Kappa Lambda, Allen’s Ballroom. 9 p. m.—Dance—Blanket Hop, Memorial Union Ballroom. TOMORROW 8 a. m.—Registration, Memorial Union Building. 9 a. m.—^Athletic Contests, Stuart Field. 10 a. m.—Varsity Hockey Game, Stuart Field. 10:30 a. m.—Meeting—Mother’s Executive, faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building. 11:46 a. m.—Luncheon, Memorial Union Building — Music, Purdue Male Chorus. 12 noon—Luncheon—Dad’s Day, ballroom. Memorial Union Building. 1 p. m.—^Tea—Purdue Mothers, women’s lounge. Memorial Union Building. 2 p. m.—Football Game, Purdue vs. Indiana, Ross-Ade Stadium. 4:46 p. m.—Smoker, Memorial Union Building. 6 p. m.—Mother’s Banquet, faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building.
DO THBSE TWO THINGS IF YOU WANT A
TOPCOAT
Come in and tell us what you have in mind. Then name your price. Chances are we have what you want at less than you expected to pay, or, we can give you more than you expect at the price you wanted to pay. They're priced at
w
7 to 12 p. m.—Mixer, Memorial Union Building. 8:30 p. m. — Playshop — “The Hairy Ape,” Duncan Hall, Lafayette.
9 p. m.—Dance—Sigma Alpha Mu, Chapter House. 9:30 p. m.—^Indiana High School Athletic Association, room 1, Memorial Union Building.
POPCORN We featuire the very best popcorn that money can buy, and keep It hot all the time. Dad^s Place ... So Handy
THE STUDENT CAFE RECENTLY REMODELED . . . NOW SERVING Chop Sney... Clidtv Mein Fresh Lobsters, Shrimps and Oysters Delicious Chinese Dessert With Every Order to Take Home ^ Also Chinese Tea for Sale EXPERIENCED CHINESE COOK Delivery Service . . . Opened Hours It :00 A. M.-12 iSO P. M. 341 State St. Phone 2816 West Lafayette
Variety.... the spice of life
Variety adds enjoyment to every meal . . . and especially variety in wholesome, quality bakery goods. Graves Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
'Attention, Freshmen! It's time to discard the "Pots" and don the Toques". Green Toques 48c Brown or Blue Senior Corduroy Coats Corduroy Hunting Caps or Plaid Coats 48c $5.98 up Suede Pants (Moleskin) with Slide Rule Pocket $3.98 You Can Rely on the Reliable Clothing Co. 224 Main Street ^
'FIRST CLOTHING STORE ACROSS THE LEVEE'