Vl
Z-1tS
III 188$
%pj04ieM 9 Daily SifiM 1906
Volume S2. No. 177
We^t Ldfctyette« ,In(&cma
Friday, May 9, 1941
»Ui Student Body Votes
Officers Review ROTC Corps In National Inspection Cadets Hall, Noland Kettenring Receive Sabers At Banquet By Bill Wendell Governor Henry L. Schricker, President Edward C. Elliott, and the inspecting board for the Fifth Corps Area stood in the rain yesterday and watched the annual inspection review of the University corps go nearly through to comple-
tion.
Inspection was completed, and the corps passed in review but the lest of the program, consisting of a command system and calesthenics drill, was called because of rain. Yesterday And Today The inspecting board, composed of Col. C. A. Selleck and Lieut. Cols. F. H. Boiicher and G. R. Hayman yesterday inspected a number of classes and in the afternoon watched the 2,600 man corps on parade. Today they will complete their inspection of the cadets in their classroom
work.
The annual inspection banquet, held last night with Pres. Elliott acting as toastmaster, included presentation of the inspecting board and other visiting officers to the corps, the awarding of various trohpies to cadets, songs by the University Glee Club, led by A. P. Stewart, and several good jokes by
Prexy.
Evening’s Address The address of the evening was made by Col. W. S. Drysdale, Inf., commanding officer of Fort Benjamin Harrison. The Albert Smith awards to the three seniors submitting the best sohition to a problem in tactics were made by Prof. Louis M. Sears of the history, economics and government department, due to the unavoidable absence of Colonel
Smith.
The awards, three sabers, were made to Cadet Captain Harvey R. Hall, Cadet Major Thomas C. Noland, and Cadet Lieut. Col. Kenneth N. Kettenring. The presentation of the Field Artillery Association medal for the cadet ranking highest in the corps at the end of the summer camp was made to Cadet Col. W. M. Meese, corps commander, by Pi'ofessor W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engi-
neering.
Student Applies For Canadian Air Force
pproval Of Athletic Council
Ballot Favors New Plan By Mainray Of 10 To 1
The University ROTC unit, 2,600 strong, passed in review at 2:30 yesterday afternoon on intramural field before these civilian and army officials: David E. Ross, chairman of the University board of trustees; Hon. Henry F. Schricker, governor of the state of Indiana; President Edward C. Elliott; Col. W. S. Drysdale, Fifth Area Reserve Corps officer; Col. D. M. Beere, local ROTC commandant; Col. S. A. Selleck, Lt.-Col. F. H. Boucher and Lt.-Col. G. R. Hayman, inspecting officers from Fifth Corps Area headquarters, Fort Hayes, Co-
lilmbus, Ohio.
E.G. Welch, University Boyd Raeburn Scabhard And Blade Employee, Dies At 6t To Play Tonight Names Top Raiiking
AtWRH Formal Underclass Soldiers
Edward G. Welch, of West Lafayette, an employee of the mechanical engineering department since September, 1911, died yesterday in the Home hospital at the age of 61. Welch was keeper of the instrument room, in charge of the maintenance of all apparatus, filing of laboratory reports, and the making of blue prints for all departments. He was an honorary member of the Dolphin Club, swimming honorary, and had served as official time-keep-er for all University swimming
meets during the past 20 years.
He is survived by the widow, Mrs.
Louise Woolf Welch, f.i.j. Beta Sigma Psi
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: President, Paul Schnedler; vice'- president, Charles Schmidt; treasurer, Richard Gerke; secretary, Paul Bussing; rush chairman. Marlin Yoder; social chairman, Walter Rafert; and
commissary, Robert Schmidt.
Tonight at 9 o’clock the annual WRH spring formal will get under way in the Union ballrooms to the music of Boyd Raeburn and his popular orchestra. Spring decorations and pink suede programs will be featured at this second formal dance of the year given by residents of all three halls. \ At 10:30 p. m. a leception will be held in the old Chestnut Room of the Union. Refreshments will be served to students and faculty mem-
bers during the reception.
Chairman of the affair is Jane McCouch, social chairman of the halls. Assisting her in the planning are Janet Place, Mary Lou Laswell, and Emily Lloyd, social chairmen of
their respective halls.
Boyd Raeburn, maestro for the event, is bringing his band to the campus direct from a successful engagement in Chicago. Raeburn has previously-been playing in Cincin-
nati. p.a.h.
By Don Brophy Ever since that day over a millennium ago when the Neanderthal man found the first thrilling surge of spirit in fighting to protect his home—the n^ale of the species has loved a good fight. Ever since that eventful day in 1903 at Kitty Hawk, N. C., when the Wright brothers showed the world that they could soar in the air on man-made wings —men have felt the urge to fly. When a chance comes both to fight and fly at the same time, the temptation is hard for any red-blooded man to turn down. Applies For Canadian RAF These were probably the natural tendencies that led Bill Price, Scl. ’43, to write a letter of application a few weeks ago for admission into the Royal Canadian Air Force. After a few days he received a reply from the RCAF accepting his educational requirements and asking him to report to air force headquarters in Windsor, (janada, tomorrow for a physical examination. If Bill passes these physical exaihinations, h'e will be admitted into the Canadian Air force training school. Airj^o’ri, ttTs tiavcn But the story of Price’s desire to enter the RCAF goes back much
farther than a few weeks ago. Bill has been a resident of West Lafayette for a long time, and during hia spare time after school, on Satr urdays, and in the summer while he was attending grammar school and high school, he would head, out for the University airport. Just from “hanging around” the mechanics and pilots,'Bill soon knew the entire personnel at the airport. As a reward for running errands and working at odd-jobs, fellows like “Bubs” Middleton and Mike Murphy would take Bill up and teach him how to pilot the ships. These scattered instructions were his initiation., into flight training. Decision Not Recent ^ Bill stated that he k^d been thinking about signing with the Canadian Air Force for about two years—ever since he found that entrance into the US Air Corps required two years of college training. The RGAP, on the other hand, only requires that the enlistee have a high sdhool education and a sound knowledge of mathematics. Robert Brody, another Lafayetfe boy and a close friend of Bill, became an “instriletor in the RCAF last fall and now has won a first
lieutenancy in the air force. This coupled with the departure of another one of his friends for Canada last month, led him to contact the RCAF. If Price passes his physical examination tomorrow, he will complete his training course by fall, and according to his story, will probably be in England by November. Although he will be fighting for the British, he will not lose his American citizenship. The Canadian Air Force does not require alien fliers to swear allegiance to the King. To our query on what he thought of interrupting his college education, Bill answered, “I feel that if I am fortunate enough to win a commission with the Royal Canadian Air Force, the fine training I will receive in this service will help me to become more adapted to pursuing my college education.” '' In closing the interview, Price said that one of the principle reaksons that prompjjed hip enlistment y^as a strong desire to “be up in the air.” “I love to fly,” he continued, “and if ever the United States gets i^o this ■wayj l willl transfer to the Ug^ Ai? Coi;p8 Wiihout losing my commission.”
Top rating sophomores and freshmen m the recent Scabbard and Blade “Best Soldier Contest” are A. L. Jackson, R. T. Ball and J. F. Dodds; L. S. Phillipp, J. H. Wallace and N. W. Merrick, it was announced yesteiday by Victor WoodImg, Scabbard and Blade member jn charge. The contest has been going on since the first of the semester but was climaxed by a final test of the cadets’ military knowledge given recently. The test consisted of two parts, covering both the theoretical and practical side of military af-
fairs.
The top man in each class will be awarded a gold medal, the second a silver medal and the third a bronze medal. Ten men placed among the winners, and the others will be given merits and citations. Aeromodder$ Cliib Will Show AH'iafloA Film In Union Af 7:15 “Youth Takes To Wings,” an aviation sound-motion picture, sponsored by the Aeromodelers Club, will be shown tonight at 7:16 in room 355 of the Union. The motion picture demonstrates the principle of aerodynamics. It covers the history, nature and methods of flight along with demonstrations of flying and of different types of flyers. The National Aeronautics Association has endorsed and approved the picture, which is based on the travelling air show of the Franklin Institute of the State of Pennsylvania. Tickets for the show are 16 cents, and may be purchased at the west desk of the Union or from members of the Aeromodelers Club or from Union workers, m.1.1. Jeanette Klitzke . . . HE ’40, was recently made head of the “College Shop” at Marshall Field and Co., Chicago, according to word received here. She is now making a tour of college^ and universities in the Middle West in conneetion with her new position. She specialized in clothing and textiles while here.
With the student body voting" ten to one, the old Student Athletic Association was abolished yesterday and will be replaced by a new nine member Athletic Council. The now organization will take over the old SAA duties in aiding Director Mai Elward to further the athletic program of the University. The change had already been ap-
proved by the Student Senate and the Faculty Executive Committee, and since student approval was all that was needed for acceptance, the change will go into effect immed-
iately.
Under the new constitution, the nine member board will be composed of the seven senior athletic managers, the director of'physical education for men and the chairman of the Faculty Athletic Affairs Committee. The seven students will be Jim Mercer and Jim Adams, baseball managers; Bill Maierhofer and Bill Campbell, football managers; Charlie Standard, basketball manager and Vaughn Hill and John Clouser, track managers. Gordon Peterson and Dick Raney, present junior members of the SAA, will serve on the committee as regular members of the first year. The faculty members will be Elward and Prof. G. A. Young. The new board will elect three of its members as officers to handle aU athletic activities, d.e.b.
Trustees Approve Faculty Promotions In Various Schools Faculty promotions approved at the last meeting of the. Board of Trustees of the university were announced yesterday by President El-
liott as follows:
From Assistant to Instructor: Marjorie Case, Department of Physical Education for Women, and Helen Duff, Home Economics. Prom instructor to assistant professor: L. E. Allison, G. V. Falkenberg, and R. W. Pifer, all of school of agriculture; G. H. Bush, J. R. Leevy, and H. W. Leonard, division of education and applied psychology; R*. B. Marshall, electrical engineering; J. C. Edwards, Military department; H. E. Wilkening, division of physical education for men; Elizabeth L. Mackay, botany; P. J. Elving, chemistry; D. 0. Bowman and C. K. Ganong, economics; L. E. Davis, A. R. Pulton, and A. E. Koenig, English; J. K. Knipp and E. P. Miller, physics. Assistants Are Advanced From assistant to associate professor: G. E. Davis and B. L. Dodds, education; C. W. Caldwell, electrical engineering; J. F. Eckel, metallurgical engineering; J. Liston, aeronautical engineering, H. F. Owen and H. B. Rogers, industrial engineering; G. P. Springer, civil engineering; Marion L. Mattson, Cecilia Schuck, and Gertrude Sunderlin, home economics; Major C. W. Messersmith, Major E. H. Hicks, Major Howard Ayers, R. B. Riordan, aUd W. H. Hathaway, military department; C. S. Doan, division of physical education for men as well as assistant professor of mathematics; Edin Brenes, D. W. Pearce, ahd C. K. Stedman, school of sci-
ence.
From associate professor to professor: Donald T. Canfield and ' Robert P. Siskind, electrical engineering; S. Cutshall, Applied me(Cofitiniied 6^ page 4)
1C A Selects EUiott, Lommel For Board President E. C. Elliott, and Prof. G. E. Lommel, of the civil engineering school, have accepted appointment to the advisory coimcil of the Indiana Civic Association, according to an announcement from Lee J. Ninde, Fort Wayne, president of the state organization. The Indiana Civic Association, established less than a year ago, is devoled to the civic interests of every community of the state and is especially interested in the development of country planning. Itp first state-wide meeting attracted an attendance of more than 500 persons, representing commimity associations, civic bodies and county leaders from practically every county in Indiana. The advisory council of the Association is composed of 15 members. President Elliott, Governor Henry F. Schricker, Lt. Governor Charles M. Dawson and Herman B. Wells, president of Indiana Umversit;^, head this board.
i Si Phi Tail's Battle Tonight In Traditional Wagon, Mud Fight
By Bill Clark Tonight, sometime around 7:30 after the sun has gone down behind the stadium, the Kappa Delta Rhos and Phi Kappa Taus will begin slinging the mud in their traditional wagon fight. The brawl will take place in a gooey ravine a short distance north of the KDR house on route 62. Survivor of Old Time Brawls This is one of the last survivors of the old time brawls, typified so well by the tank scraps of yesteryear, held anniially at this time. The two fraternities alternate in getting the wagon, settling it in a nice oozy mudhole, and then defending it against the concentrated attacks of the other house. This year it is the turn of the KDR’s to get the wagon. The fight originated years ago during a hell week when the pledges from the KDR house were pulling the actives down to the village to get the mail early one morning as they were wont to do. The Phi Taus instructed thei? neophytes to dump water on the hapless KDR’s. Being unarmed the boys from on the hill
could do nothing until the next day when they marched en masse to meet the Phi Taus in a gory encounter. Strive To Take Wagon The intense rivalry has continued, taking the form of the wagon fight as it is held today. Inasmuch as it is a near impossibility to get the wagon out of the mud, the fight has reached the stage where the contestants strive to remove the wearing apparel from their foe. The fraternity having the most men with clothes still on is considered, morally at least, the victor. The men in each house are eligible to be in the fight hut once. However, each house will have fifteen representatives since every man, whether activu or pledge, may take part if he wasn’t in it last year. Strong-hearted May Witness Those who feel that they are strong enough of heart to witness this battle for the survival of the fittest are invited hy the pfficlalii of both houses to come sma watf^ the fun.
■* Vi!fS^ofa, 2~£ditL
Friday# May 9# 1941
(pjuAdtjUL £xfu)mnL
■
Jhml^ JoUl
Joein ’ *Round By Peggy Howard
The ^th Column
Johnny's Last Parade?
Yesterday, as the Purdue ROTC corps passed in review, we listened to the conversation of two mothers—in Lafayette to watch their sons march in what some people have termed Purdue’s last (for some time) “peace time” National Inspection. The uniforms, the dust, the rain, the guns made the scene almost too realistic. The two mothers lived near Lafayette. Neither one had seen a review of the corps. The son of one mother has reached draft age since last October 16. In her own words, “Johnny (as we will know him for a while) will be just lucky enough to get a low number when he registers and probably won’t be back next year.” That was the possible idea in a good many minds, as the 2,600 boys in olive drab passed in review. There were a good many mothers and fathers, who stood in the light rain, watching their boy parade. It is hard to believe that the picture, evidently in the mind of Johnny’s mother, was not in the minds of others, too. It would take a devoted mother or father to stand in the rain to watch a military parade. Yes, there were students and townspeople that stayed through the rain, but you can be sure that no mother was driven away by the cloudburst. Some students were. Let’s get back to Johnny’s mother’s conversation. “I hate to think of Johnny’s going into the army next fall. He seems so young, so immature.” And a good many of them were young and immature. But-the mother didn’t say a word against Johnny’s going into the service. In fact she thought “it was only right for the nation to prepare, however Congress thought it should.” We won’t argue for or against her philosophy. But we think she represents one faction of motherhood. But even with her red eyes and moist handkerchief, Johnny’s mother smiled as Johnny passed, and said. “Isn’t he good looking. He’s so straight.” Other mothers and fathers had the same idea. Perhaps they were looking at their son in Purdue’s last peace time National Inspection. At any rate they were watching their Johnnies march in a National Inspection during the country’s most trying times. We liked John’s mother’s courage.—JHMcK.
You can't say that this isn’t a democratic university. Last week-end the Sigma Chi’s copped the spotlight in the “College Widow” so . . . This week-end they turn the Music Hall stage over to every other organization on campus. And let them sing to their heart’s content. And speaking of the all-campus sing in the Hall of Music tomorrow afternoon and evening—^it’s just one of the many highlights of this Mother’s Day week-end. Friday evening WRH’ers are holding their annual spring formal in the Union ballrooms. Boyd Raeburn is bringing his popular orchestra from Chicago for the occasion at which decorations in the spring motif will be used. Saturday noon, a mother-daugh-ter luncheon will be held in the Union for all co-eds and visiting parents. Tickets for this affair can be purchased from sororities, co-op houses, and residence halls. Then in the afternoon you might take mother out to the ball-game to see the Boilermakers playing against the Northwestern nine on the University baseball diamond. Or maybe she’d rather go to the preliminaries of the sing starting promptly at 2 p. m.
Johnny Bull released figures yesterday to indicate that British and allied shipping losses for April were “well within sight of 500,000 tons.” Which estimate doesn’t tell much either way. 500,000 tons of boat can be seen . . . From a long ways off.
The Naval Air Corps is going to form the “Flying Boilermakers.” With similar units from the rest of the Big Ten, the idea would serve to keep up the old fighting spirit. There seems to be only one trouble. Dribbling will be tough . . . From a scout bomber.
Offences will probably be based chiefly . On a single wingback formation.
And the Italians are taking a beating again. Mussolini isn’t the only one who dances to Adolph’s flute. Now the influence has come over here, and the Italian consulates have been ordered to take instruction from Nazi sources. The coffers are also open to German officials . . . For the purpose of auditing only.
Hitler’s boys are now engaged in going through the Italian offices. Looking for anti-Nazis. Looks like the higher-ups will have to take . . . To liking sauerkraut.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m »«eond elaM matter at the peat eMoa im I*fayette.., Indiana, under the aet of Concreaa ad Mardi t, 1879, and at the 8i>eeial rate af poataK# proyidad 4or in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January >0, 1922. Published daily except Monday durins the regular academic year and weekly during the Snnuner Seaston. Deliyered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. BdKer-in-CUef. K. W. Baaahne Business Manager .. Merle Magsasayar
Publication Staff _ Mews Editor....„..„.. H. McKee Managing Hlditer.^. .~ H K. ffiiple Associate Editon: M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. FnreeU, L. W. Rnflner, B. M. Skallemp, J, L. Traugott. Builnesa Staff Local Adyertising Managers: D. 8. Powers, G. C. lamders ; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Aaoodnis Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Cored Staff Editor 4- ... Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Sicas. Sports Staff Editor _ .. . . J. P. Dolan Associate ^Editors; J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Adyertisiiig Serviee, Inc., College Publishers Representatiyes, 429 Masson Aye., New York, N. Y.
Staff*Por This Issue Night Editor; Jones Day Editor: Losey Issue Editor: Ochiltree Night Sports Editor: Fraser Staff: T. B. Novey, R. W. Boswinkle, J. P. Zinski, W. M. Clark, E. W. Nordlinger, D. T. Brophy, J. F. Amos, D. E. Butz, P. Howard, W. H. Wendell.
Students, Faculty Attend Cary Club
Poultry Club Banquet
Approximately forty - five students and instructors attended the annual poultry club banquet held last evening at Lincoln Lodge. Keys were presented to Jacob Ramp, Russel Hardin, Paul Wagner, Bob Arvidson and Charles Reed who were the committee heads for this year’s egg and chick show. The following men were approved as officials for next year’s show: manager, C. M. Hess; assistant manager, E. G. Probst; chairman of the awards committee, W. E. Davis; publicity committee, F. King; exhibits manager, D. E. Wilbur and assistant exhibits manager, F. E. Wolf.
. . . officers for next year were elected Wednesday evening by the joint council of 45 members. Those elected were president. Bill Farber; treasurei, Warren Dubsky; and political chairman, Dave Richardson
New officers of the poultry club installed for next year were president, Bob Arvidson; vice-president, R. E. Evans and secretary, E. G. Probst.
Tomorrow evening finds many of the fraternities and sororities entertaining mothers at evening dinners. The Theta Xi’s have gone original and are planning a steak fry for visiting parents (no aunts allowed). Saturday night May Queen Jean Jones will receive her crown amid the pomp and glory of a ceremony in the Music Hall. She and her court will preside at the finals of the sing and will award prizes to the winners. Following this pageant a mixer honoring the mothers will be held in the Union ballrooms. Maury Mahns and his band vdll be playing for this dance. And as our conclduing item we want to mention the Beta Sigma Psi dance at the West Lafayette Country Club tomorrow night. Paul Reedy is playing for the event which is to be a spring formal— white coats and all. One thing more. If your organization is planning a dance not scheduled in the university calendar, please call us up and tell us about it. O. K. ?
Or else run around humming . . . The horstwessel song.
Our national inspection went off with neatness and dispatch yesterday. A 40 minute performance looked like an American version . . .
Of Blitzkrieg style.—r.m.s.
Women's Club Meeting
Features Pottery Talk
konwn services. All members of the Purdue Women’s Club are invited to the meeting, r.w.b.
Miss Laura Lorenson, who has spent the last twelve years in Europe and America doing research work on pottery and porcelain, will lecture before the Home Planning Group of the Purdue Women’s Club at 2:30 this afternoon in room 363 of the Union.
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
^ They sell friendship
for a
The lecture will be accompanied by a motion picture, demonstration and an exhibit of Lenox china. Her collection of about forty Lenox patterns includes pieces from the White House and other nationally
feel
^ Columbia Pictun
■ AND —
Make ]^|| (] BlRBIZOil
your Summer Headquarters
TODAY - SAT.—2 Hits
CESAR ROMERO at the "CISCO KID
NewYork’s Most Exclusive Hotel Residence For Young Women
For the young woman who wants to launch on a career the day school closes . . . for the undergraduate planning to take summer courses ... or the vacationist who appreciates the added features of a Newr York holiday. The Barhizon, with its air of luxury livmg, its versatile program of cultural pursuits and physical activities provides the perfect background ... a complete library . . . art and music studios (equipped with Steinway Grandsj . . . swimnung pool, sun deck and solaria, squash courts . . . gymnasium ... 700rooms each with a radio.
TAB IFF* From $2. ‘ per day * From $12.00 per week
Write for descriptive booklet C
t«xln0ton Avetwe at 63rd (traat NewYMi CHy
Starts TOMORROW
IT WAS A MAN'S WORLD — until a LOW CUT GOWN took over the town!
—w/YA.,
Robert PRESTON
EDWARD ARNOLD GLADYS GEORGE
— LAST TIMES TODAY —
NEWEST KILDARE THRILL!
with
AYRES UONEL ARRYMORE MalnoDAY BOklTA RRANVIllE Alma KRUBER Rad SKaTON Paul STANTON Diana LEWIS1 ^
^4*
fiwidust. £xpDmni
Friday, May 9, 1941
fijcuuL
Illinois Trackmen Invade Stadium For Dual Meet When the Illinois University track squad invades the RossAde Stadium tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 they will run up against a determined band of Boilermaker trackmen who are striving to make this meet their third victory in dual-meet competition this season.
The mini bring with them a reputation of a series "of strong and successful cinder squads that is backed up this*season by two really remarkable performances on the outdoor oval. Two weeks ago the team swamped Washington University of St. Louis by the overwhelming margin of 123 to 8, and continued their rampaging last Saturday by downing a favored Northwestern squad in an impressive 87 to 38 triumph.
Although the Ilhneis outfit is largely a team of well-balanced proportions, they boast a group of some of the finest cinder stars that are now operating in intercollegiate circles. Heading this contingent of fine athletes is Don Olsen, the fast stepping hurdles man who only this March in our Fieldhouse reduced the world’s record in the 70 yard high hurdles from :8.2 to :7.9 in a
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
SACK 5c — GALLON 15d
ICE CREAM SANDWICH
So Handy
DECIDE ON QUALITY BECAUSE IT PAYS! You can’t waste money when you build with quality materials. Use lumber^and building materials with an approved quality rating. By intelligent buying you can get the best which will repay your investment many times over during the life of your building. Consult us for best prices on quality materials. HENRY POOR LUMBER CO.
West Lafayette
Phone 3083
great exhibition of timber clearing. Olsen will probably not be permitted to participate in the meet, because the leg he injured in the Drake Relays has not healed well enough to warrant such treatment. Dusky Bill Lewis makes his specialty the broad jump and the dashes, and in each he is a seasoned and talented performer. Captain Park Brown will strike up his rivalry with Riveter Ed Holderman in the half mile and mile events when the two meet tomorrow. The half mile should be especially interesting, for in this year’s Big Ten meet Holderman closefy followed Brown to the tape and finished third in the event which was won by the Hoosler’s Campbell Kane. Holderman, incidentally, will also run in his favorite event, the two mile, in which he is current possessor of the Big Ten title. Among the Boilermakers who will be operating in thejr familiar spots are Rankin in the hurdle events. Big Jake Weber putting his weight behind the shot put and discus, and Burt Anthony running in his favored 440 yard dash. The 440 da;sh should provide some of the finest action of the meet, for when Anthony matches strides with the IIlini’s Bailey there is bound to be neck and neck battle to the finish.
Iowa State College had a taste of a real “black-out” not so long ago when at 10 p. m. one Sunday night the Union building was thrown into complete darkness.
Tennis Team Meets Illinois Tech, Iowa, In Week-End Battles In pursuit of their sixth victory of the season Coach Larry LaBree’s netmen will pair off against Illinois Tech this afternoon on the courts north of the Fieldhouse. Beginning at 4 o’clock, the matches are expected to find virtually the same Riveters in action as have faced the first seven opponents on the schedule. Although depending entirely upon the number of players brought by Illinois Tech, seven matches will most likely be played, five singles and two doubles. Positions in the Riveter line-up probably will be filled by Bob Anderson, Ray Lucht, Dick Stettner, Gus Armstrong and Fred Richards, in that order. Red May Start In the event that the team from Chicago transports six players. Red VanCamp will be drafted by Larry LaBree for the number six spot. Doubles combinations will be Anderson and Lucht as'the number, one pair, while Stettner and Armstrong will step intp the number two doubles spot. Out of the West comes the Iowa tennis team for a conference match here tomorrow.
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • DINNER • REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEH’S 0RU6 STORES 410 Main Street
See the NEW “Knock-On-Wood” Knock-Outs For style thrill get one of these purses . . . frames are of solid maple, combined with new fabrics in American themes. Every bag contains a large "Knock-On-Wood” change purse, a minature duplicate of the bag itself, frame and all. Available in California stripes, plantation pastels and Indian weaves.
$1
.98
THIEHE & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 Main Street
CLOTHES . THAT CAN TAKE IT!
Been planning for some time to get your summer sports clothes together? Now is the time and here is the place to act. Whether it's for business, for dress or ploy we offer you variety and value second to none. Come in and look over our spring and summer stocks.
PHONE 2237
316 STATE
Boilermaker Diamondmen To Face Wildcats Today Fehririg's Squad Faces Big Ten Champs; Play Again Tomorrow By JOE DOLAN Since this game of baseball shouldn’t be mistaken for a paraphrase on Blind Man’s Bluff, Purdue’s^ baseball coach Dutch Fehring spent yesterday afternoon yelling at his kids to keep their eyes '‘on the ball” because this afternoon at 4:00, Fehring’s squad must face Northwestern, defending champions, whose pitching isn’t so formidable but whose hitting is absolutely voluptuous.
Fisher To Short To start today’s battle against the Wildcats, Fehring, working on theory that a change in pasture is sometimes beneficial, will shift Captain Bud Fisher to shortstop in an effort to bring Bud around to his hitting style of last season when he hit well over .300. Ernie Young, peppy junior catcher, who hits the ball well (but right at defenses) will move to the receiving position. No Hitting Shortstops Since there hasn’t been any hitting from any shortstop or third basemen used so far this season with the exception of George Doherty, grafted outfielder. Coach Fehring has indicated that he will keep hard-hitting Doherty at the hot comer. At second, Dutch plans
Riveter Links Squad To Meet Gophers Monday In an attempt to gain their first Conference win of the season, a hopeful group of Riveter golfers will journey to Ann Arbor Monday morning to face the tough University of Michigan links squad. This" will mark the fourth attempt on the part of the Boilermakers to bring home a victory from a Big Ten rival. Three Lettermen Due to their impressive record this year and the fact that they had an unblemished card last year, sets the Michigan golfers as a distinct favorite Monday.
to start old dependable McFerren, while Forest McCaffery, whose big bat scared the day-lights out of Indiana last week-end with a two-run producing single in the pinch, will take over the much played first base job. Purdue Must Hit Still making use of as much hitting ability as possible, without weakening the defense too much, Fehring plans to stick pitcher and clouter John Jantsch -in right field. Fleet-footed Mike Byelene who this season has been spectacular in center field with his horse-racing catches, will keep his patrol over the track-meet district of center field. Sophomore Carson, a weak hitter, but dependable defensive man, will start in left field. Bill DeCorrevant, Too Looking at the Northwestern side of the picture, we run into one of the biggest names in football—^next to Harmon’s. Playing a whale of a game in center field and at the plate for the Purple is Bill DeCorrevant. BiU, better known as a halfback extraordinary, is no slouch in playing baseball. Last season he hit .400 in all competition and .369 in conference play. And this season, he's hitting the ball harder than the above mentioned. In the first game this season against LSU down south. Bill cracked out a home run and a triple on just two pitched balls. So far this season, the Wildcats arejn second place in the conference race with three wins, and one loss.
^T-TBrnosP
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Water-Bloc*
THE UNIVERSITY-GAB $5-00 If hats could talk, The UniversityGab could boast, “It takes three times as long to make me—I’m a Lee Water-Bloc and I have a gabardine band and binding to match —ahem—all for five bucks!” LEE also makes: Aetna, “The Insured Hat,^’ $3.50. Look for the Lee Hat signs
LEE HATS
358 Fifth Avenue, New York
U.S. PATENT OPK.
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new SPRING HATS Pric^ $3.50 to $5.00
•OOMMNSI,
cmmsiiwpiiiCa
i-fV'
t 'i ’m
/ ■ /' -4*
Friday/ May 9, 1941
PuAduA, ^xfi^nutnL
Flying, Glider Clubs Plan Airport Dance Annual airport dance sponsored by the Flying Club and the Glider Club will be held^in the airport hanger Saturday evening, May 24.’ All airplanes will be moved outside, and the hanger will be decorated. Transportation from the Union to the airport will be furnished by the club. Irv Given’s Orchestra will provide the music. Leaders of the Flying Club for the coming year wei’e elected last night. Frank Habicht, regional vicepresident of the National Intercollegiate Flying Club, was elected president. Mack Laddon was elected vice-president; Bob Crow, treasurer; and Scotty Murray, secretary, r.w.b.
Theta Alpha Phi Initiates Spring Pledges, Chooses Jo Stong New President . Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatic honorary fraternity, held ah initiation for its spring pledges last Wednesday evening. New initiates include Bill Sharpies, Marjorie Williamson, Sis Taylor, Bill Fall, Jo Stong, Joe Smith, Hank Amt, Ruth Bryant and Johnnie Goll. Following the initiation, officers for the coming year were elected. They are the following: president, Jo Stong; vice-president, Joe Smith; secretary and historian, Marge Williamson; treasurer. Merle Keck, t.b.n.
Woodward To Contrihute Wesley Foundation To Biography 01 Dr. Rose Co-dds Sponsor 'Tin
Mrs. Nadine Woodward, a senior in the school of Home Economics, has been asked to contribute information to a book now being prepai’ed on “The Life and Work of Mary Swartz Rose as Scientist’and Teacher.” Mrs. Woodward was a personal friend and student of Dr. Rose, whose death occurred on February 1. Dr. Rose was a noted scientific pioneer in nutrition 'research and served many years as a teacher of foods, and nutrition at Teachers College, Columbia University, s.j.s.
Trustees Approved (Continued from page 1) chanics; Warren E. Howland and Philip C. Rutledge, civil engineering; Floyd R. Eastwood, division of physical education for men; G. Bryant Bachman, school of science. Ag Experiment Station In the Agricultural Experiment Station, from assistant chemist to assistant chemist with rank of assistant professor, D. M. Doty; from assistant to associate in horticulture with rank of assistant professor, N. K. Ellis; from associate in pasture research to associate in pasture research with the rank of assistant professor, G. 0. Mott; from associate to associate in agronomy with rank of assistant professor, W. W. Worzella; from associate in veterinary science with rank of assistant professor to associate in veterinary science with rank of associate professor, L. P. Doyle. In the department of Agricultural Extension, from associate to state leader in 4-H club work with the rank of assistant professor, Harry F. Ainsworth-; from assistant county agent leader to assistant county agent leader with rank of assistant professor, H. S. Heckard; from associate to associate in botany with rank of assistant professor, 0. C. Lee.
YANKEE COACH LINES operating all schedules as as usual between Indianapolis, Chicago and connecting points.
She will lore
Fiesta . . . sleek streamlined bag beauty, simple in design, wonderful in texture. Fashioned of the new nubby woven “Gaytwine." Pastels, Pan American Mixtures, Sand Shades, Patriotones, and plain colors $2.98
Can Hike'Today At 5 Tops of tin cans will be the cooking utensils used by the co-ed cooks at the Wesley foundation “Tin Can Hike” to Happy Hollow this afternoon at 5 o’clock. . Food will consist of bacon, pancakes, cocoa, and apples. The affair is co-ed bid at twenty cents per person. Function chairman Darrell Roach promises a good time for all attending. The foundation will celebrate Mother’s day with a breakfast and program Sunday morning at 8 a. m. to which all Foundation students are invited. The program will include vocal numbers by Miss Ruth Custer and piano music by Miss Boris Bunnell. Reservations can be made by calling 6261. The cost is 10 cents, t.b.n. Zouaves Will Leave Today For 'Pershing Rifles' Meet Thirty members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves will leave today for the Third Regiment drill meet of the Pershing Rifles, a national honorary infantry drill organization, at the University of Illinois. This drill will be the last one under the command of Cadet Colonel B. W. Gibson. The Zouaves have been guests at most of these drill meets since 1935. d.w.o.
Couh^il To Givi Prdgram’, Luncheon At Nolh Tllday Luncheon will be held this nob'n at the University Presbyterian church to bring together those who are interested in slimmer work camps or peace caravans for this summer. The luncheon and accompanying program are open to all students and faculty at 26 cents per plate and are sponsored by the Peace Committee of the Religious Council. Caroline Britton is in charge of food, and Ed Meece is in charge of tickets, m.1.1. I M Schedules
BASEBALL Friday, May 9 Diamond 1. Ward 10 vs Ward 24 2. Ward 25 vs Ward 17 3. Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 3 4. Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 4 7. Cary Hall « vs Cary Hall 8 8. Cary Hall 9 Vs Cary Hall 12 9. Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 13 10. Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 14 Freshman Diamond — Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 ALL CAMPUS GOLF Following men have until Tuesday, May 13 to qualify — play 18 holes R. E. Sprague vs C. A. Polk D. C. Schumacher vs J. S. Sells Bob Green vs H. B. Shook L. V. Hoffman vs D. H. Daley J. P. Wiske vs D. H. Kregg E. Greenstein vs T. D. Reiley H. Weglinski vs E. M. Mcllwain J. K. Seabright vs M. B. Laddon T. E. Graham vs P. B. Fihe R. A. Brand vs F. E. West J. P. Simons vs J. Q. Mueller B. Angermler vs F. Farr R. H. Deardorff vs George Frey C. B. Lester vs Bergstedt TENNIS Friday, May 9 All Campus Tennis—4 :15 p. m. Eden vs Sells Branner vs Lichtenberg Brackman vs Bauer Armstrong vs Lafferty or Howe McLaughlin vs Ratchford Mangold vs Kraybill Gardner vs Tweksbury or Collins Pettit vs Crystal or Andrews E. P. Wells vs Osborne or Tafel Olmsted vs R.'Brick or Klein Lynch vs Harrison Murphy vs Niese Turner vs Fleck
Registration Workers; Students who wish fo^ work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 8, 9, 10, 1941, arq requested to make application before the end of the present year on the blanks to be obtained at the- Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONfi. Senate Members; Keys are here. See me. $1.00 each. —WISE
Debris Sophomores: Absolutely imperative that all Debris salesmen turn in money and books Friday, May 9, at 4 p. m. —LANERT.
Cary Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 13, at 7:30 in Smith Hall. Dr. A- A. Smith will speak. Refreshments will be served., —BUTLER.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Meeting in reading room of ME Building on Friday, May 9, at 4 p. m. Bring signed singles. If you are unable to attend call Brennan' at 2210. —WIST.
Radio Code Classes: Members of the advanced and intermediate code classes meet at 1 p. m. in the armory Saturday, May 10, for practical field work with tactical radio nets. Attendance is necessary for citation. -BURKHART.
Silver Mask: Important meeting of the social committee Wednesday, May 14, at 4:0O p. m. in the Fieldhouse. • —BURL.
Battery C-4: Be sure to wear uniforms to drill Friday morning. May 9, 1941. —MASSEY.
Seniors: Commencement tickets am now available to those who have paid diploma fee. Please call at Cashier’s office in Executive Building. (6-10) —HOLLENSBE.
Religious Council Peace Committee: Will meet Friday, May 9, at 4 p. m. in room 68 of Union. Open to all interested. —MOFFET. All Students: Luncheon and program at University Presbyterian Church on North St. Friday noon, May 9, for gU interested in summer peace work and camps. Twentyfive cents per plate. —MOFFET.
Cosmopolitan Club: Last meeting of the semester, Friday, May 9, at 4:80 p. m. room 304 of the Union. All members are asked to cpme. —CORTISSOZ.
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending April 16 are now available at the Cashier’s office in Executive Building. (6-10) —HOLLENSBE.
Kappa Delta ‘Pi-Delta Rho: Kappa picnic committee meeting in Swediih lounge Friday, May 9, at 4:16 p. m. Allen, Busby, Oswalt, Buntin, Beirlien be there. —NORQUEST.
Horseback Riders: WAA points can be earned by horseback riding. Ten points will be given for each ride, although not over 100 points c&n be obtained in one season. In order to earn points, it is necessary to sign up in the saddle room of the / Riding Stables. ‘ —REDWINE.
Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
POMM: Get your tickets for the banquet Tuesday, May 13, from Dillon or Silcock. —SILCOCK.
WAA: All archery practices are due Friday, May 9. You may practice Thursday and Friday at 4 p. m. or any time during the day when the targets are not in use. There will be Instruction Friday at 4 p. m. —JOHNSON.
Fraternity Affairs Office: Meeting of all sophomore workers at 4 p. m. Friday. Important that .all attend. —JACOBSON.
Clasnifilfd Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriter^, $29-76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
Sophomore Union Workers: Meeting of all sophomore Union workers in the Union office at 4:15 Friday. Important—be there. —CARPENTER.
For Rent: RuSs-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Lost on Campus: Several keys cn a small chain loop. Call 76220 and ask for Royer.
i> Tennis Singles Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Nu Sismia Pi vs Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Tau Omega vs Lambda Chi Alpha
Freshman-Varsity Tennis—4 :46 p. m. J. D. Eden vs H. J. Wilkens Bob Michels vs R. U. Willey W. R, Dudzinski vs L. E. Ratchford C. A. Clark vs C. J. Christensen K. V. Smith vs A. K. Pickering S. J. Cummings vs A. Davidson Chas. Lynch vs R. S. Lichtenberg
Notices
All Sophomore Chem and Mets: All sophomores who have not been excused must take the comprehensive examinations to be given May 3 and 10. 1-4 p. m. and 7-10 p. m. respectively in room 129 of the EE building. —BRAY.
TONIGHT IS PURDUE AND FRATERNAL NIGHT AT THE
EDAL SHO
Students admitted to the grounds FREE upon presenting identification card, and members of fraternal organizations admitted FREE upon presenting paid up membership card.
How to hold your
A rthur Murray’s glamt ourous dancing teachers have to be even more particular than most girls about daintiness. No wonder dainty, effective Odorono Cream is their big favorite! Hold your partner with Odorono Cream! Checks perspiration 1 to 3 days— non-irritating, non-greasy, non-gritty. And it gives you 50 to 100% more for your money!
$10 Worth ' Lessons in Arthur Murray Dance Book and Generous Jar of Odorono Cream If the instructions in this new Arthur Murray Dance Book were given in his private studi9 it would cost |10! See how easy it is to learn! And see e bow easy it is to hold your partner when you use ODORONO CRBAMI
THE ODORONO CO., INC. P. O. Box B, New York, N. V. Send me the new Arthur Murray Dance Book and generous introductory jgr of Odorono Cream. I enclose 2 5 r to covet; printing, mailing and handling. Name
AddressCity_
-State .
* *
* *
ALL IK-AT DAYBREAK!
When it’s past your bedtime—when you’re ready to fold up and call it a night—that’s when this formal shows its form. It’s really quite astonishing how this new
mui
I 111
WfU
keeps its fresh, smooth lines after a lot of hard going. And its smartness and easy fit. are a* cool welcome change from your everyday clothes. Perfectly washable, of course, and really outstanding value.
WHITE JACKET (as above) $13.50 REGULAR WHITE COATS 12.25 FORMAL BLACK TROUSERS..., 6.50
TAILORED BY 6 O O D A I-I-
PROM THE GENUINE CLOTtj
fiOOMAlHST
CLOTHFS SMOP INC
A;.