EDIT ANALYZES 'Cradle To The Grave' Security Policy
SURVEY ASKS Which Expo Page is Most Popular
Established 1889
It’s Still 9:50!
Volume 55, No. 103
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday^ March T2, 194^
Agricultural Students RgJ CrOSS Ncar Goal
Hold Winter Graduation
32 Short^Course Students Receive Certificates For Work Completed . Members of the Agricultural School’s eiglit weeks’ winter course held graduation exercises in the East FUculty Lounge of the Union last night, at which time the 32 men and women received certificates Tor successful completion of the pre-
scribed curricula.
In the General Agriculture group, Neal M. Rockwell, Rens- — selaer, won the Rotary medal
for scholarship, and Oliver D. Weiss, Valparaiso, received the Grain Judging Trophy. In the field of Animal Husbandry, Paula Kellogg, Winnetka, 111., was the recipient of the scholarship medal, while William H. Carter, Frankfort, won the live-
stock judging trophy.
Dairy Brain
Dairy Production was taken by 10 of the students, and among them, Russell Stark obtained the highest scholarship mark, and was also the winner of the Daii-y Cattle Judging
Medal.
Honor graduates - besides the above were: B. E. Brane, Wabash; L. M. Fuller, LaGrange; W. L. Herlitz, Beecher, 111.; and 11. L. Marlin, Hope, who was also toastmaster for the occasion. Hockema Speaks Acting as speaker for the occasion, Prof. P. C. Hockema said, “The results of this war will give us new ideas, new points of view, new hopes which are now waiting to be sorted out and classified, after which you have a permanent change in scale of values. Since the balance of our days are in the future, let’s make them as bright as possible.” Continuing he said, “We should realize that in the years to come, values will count higher than prices. Services mor-e than privileges, and faith in ideals, more than hopes of material reward. Again, I says the future belongs to those who prepare for it.”
Meow . . . Cat Takes
Students Compile Ahooo... Red Cross Fund Bluejackets
History Course Collection Plans Bark In Ranks
YCD Sponsored Essay Contest To Close April 1 Winner Will Receive Fifty Dollar Prize Any person between the ages of 16 and 25 is eligible to enter an essay contest sponsorbd by the Youth Committee for Democracy. The contest was first announced in the Exponent a month ago and will
close April 1.
The Youth Committee for Democracy, an organization of young people, has its offices at 112 East 19th Street, New York City. A prize of fifty dollars is being offered for the best essay on “The Peace Aims of Young America,” and the aim of the contest is to encourage the young people of America to think deeply and seriously about the kind of world they want after the war.
Deadline April 1
The essaj^. must not be longer than 2500 words and all manuscripts are to be in the Youth Committee office by April 1. “The essay should attempt to present America’s role in the post war world; it should face clearly and realistically the domestic and international problems that will arise after the war,” Virginia Clark, Acting Na(See ESSAY, page 4)
Prof. C. B. Murphy of the history department was “having kittens” yesterday when he found a grown tan and brown cat in his nine o’clock history class. The cat wasn’t frightened at first but when the golden voice of Prof. Murphy began to flow over the room the cat set up
a continual meow.
The cat received a number of glowering looks from the professor, but it continued to roam ai’ound the room without the slightest hesitation. Finally the cat appeared to become bored with the lecture on the Southern States and found a soft lap and went to sleep. Arthur Pergment ... of the University Playshop, has been invited by Chicago USO to give a series of performances from Max’ch 28 to April 3 at the Auditorium Theater. Entertainers from Chicago University, Loyola University, University of Iowa, and* many other schools will appear on these programs. Pergment will read Russian poetry for the program which is open only to the
armed services.
At least fifty cents per student, or double the amount sought in previous campaigns, is the goal of this year’s drive, as the Tippecanoe County Drive has set a goal of $5,000 for the University. Almo.st $10,000 of the $37,000 allotment of the entire county has been i-aised. The money contributed during the drive will be used in financing the Red Cross gifts of blood plasma, surgical dressings, nursing service and first aid detachments for our
forces overseas.
At a meeting of the Interfraternity Pi-esidents’ Council last night, each fraternity agreed to pledge 50c per person in the organization toward the Red Cross Fund.
Booth In Union
All of the various organiaztions soliciting have provided their solicitors with authorization cards showing them to be legal collectors for the Red Cross. A booth has been set up in the Uniomfor the convc^nience of those students who might be overlooked during the canvass. Those contributing at the booth will receive cardboard tags to indicate that they have supported the drive. By replacing the usual metal buttons with tags, it is estimated that (See RED CROSS, page 2)
Frosh, Sophs Place In Hanley Prefiminories Judges Select Tobias, Perkins, Bohn, Sykes, Greenwald, Tilton speaking on a wide variety of subjects, twenty engineers competed last night in the preliminaries of the Hanley Speech Contest from which six contestants were selected by Judges L, S. Winch and R. M. Horn of the Speech Department to speak in the finals, which will be held in Fowler Hall next Thursday
at 7:30 p. m.
Four freshmen and two sophomore engineers placed in the finals. The four freshmen, to- —-
gather with the subjects on ^jj|
Second Nighfer Reviews Playshop
By Jim Richardson
Last night for the second time of its performance, “Arsenic and Old Lace” proved conclusively to most of its entertained audience that a good play plus good actors with a cooperative and enthusiastic audience creates entertainment. This play was written for audiences such as one may find here at the University in that it didn’t have a deep plot but it was diverting and humorous
to students and staff members who like something unu^al and fairly light to take their
mind off of tomorrow’s classes. „ , , ^ j t ■ t
Becky Ann Pervme and Lois Jane
Arsenic and Old Lace” truly Vaughn were well received as the
offers actors with an air for burlesque and comedy an opportunity to show what they can do.
the audience because of his portrayal of a man who out-Teddied the first famous Mr. Roosevelt.
aunts. Jack Scarff and John Patterson furnished the main portion of a somewhat sinister atmosphere
The policemen were certainly typ- which seemed to follow them. John ical “cops” and Aunts Abby and Clark and Barbara Nord furnished
Martha
maids
were genuine stage old a bit of romantic interest to more
'in some ways.) Teddy or less keep the play from running Brew.ster played by Harold War- away with the decidedly out-of-the-
ren was particularly popular with ordinary plot.
Many students, jealous of the natty blue uniforms of the sailors, have claimed that the Navy men are wolves. An unidentified Skull and Crescent pledge would probably call them sea-dogs. '' The pledge was carrying his symbol of pledge ship, a large dried bone, across the campus when his path crossed that of a section of marching sailors. As they passed, the Navy men spied his soup-bone, and kept their ranks . . . barking in
Marine Corps Opens Ranks To Fair Sex Touch of red, touch of blue, ambitious woman—a member of the new Women’s Reserve of the Marine Corps. Captain Ralph E. Boulton, officer in charge of Marine Corps recruiting and induction in Indiana, emphasized that there will be no trick name for members of the Women’s Reserve; they will be called Marines. “Each woman who joins the Reserve will not belong to an auxiliary of the Marines—she will actually be a Marine, with the same privileges and obligations as men of corresponding rank,” he said. A college degree or two years of college and at least two years of business experience are the requirements for an officer candidate. Age limits for candidates are from 20 to 50. * The training period ranges from two to six months, depending on the field assigned. The first six weeks indoctrination course will be held at Hunter College, New York City, for enlisted women. Officer candidates will be trained at Smith College, Northampton, Mass., and at Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley, Mass. No special training is needed before enlisting, for the members of the new Women’s Reseiwe will be assigned to the field in which they seem most likely to succeed and in which they will be most useful in the Corps. Past training and experience will naturally affect this decision. Pay begins on the date active duty begins. Women Marines receive the same allowances and all the piivileges and special benefits given to the men of the Corps.
Captain Freel Describes Officer Candidate' Life Former Officer Candidate Instructor Addresses Meeting Of POMM, Visitors “Discipline is as strict as it can be made,” commented Captain W. I. Freel as he spoke before an audience composed of approximately 75 advanced military students on the subject “What You Can Expect in Officer’s Candidate School”. “You’re every waking activity is supervised. I think you will find OCS one of the greatest experiences in your life.” These two statements provid-
ed an inkling as to what would be forthcoming in Freel’s de-
scription of life at OCS. In beginning his talk, Freel
stated that the fundamental aim of OCS activities is to “lead to the intensification of the qualities of leadership in the individual.” Proceeding along the line of leadership he defined it as comprising “an integration of moral integrity, responsibility, rationality, intellectual curiosity, and forcefulness of purpose,” all of which must be developed or expanded at OCS. “It is as much the purpose of the OCS to evaluate these leadership characteristics as it is to give instruction.”
According to Capt. Freel, whose
remarks are based on his experience at the Aberdeen OCS School, the length of the OCS course of instruction is 13 weeks. During the first eight weeks of this period all students of the entering class are given common instruction in company administi’ation, depot and supply, ordnance service, and military subjects. On week days there is a one hour drill period during which the trainees take turns at being officers
ASME To Show Film Of RAF Bombing Raid Movies Show Staff Planning, Bombing “Target for Tonight,” a film of an actual air raid, will be presented by the University branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at their next meeting next Wednesday in room 108 of the ME building. The film will be shown at 4 p. m. and again at 5 p. m. for faculty and students who have four o’clock classes. This film is of an actual air raid by the Bomber Command of the Royal Air Force. The picture begins with new aerial photographs of enemy territory brought back by reconnaissance planes. These disclose the objective to be raided. Then the preparations for the raid are shown"; staff planhing, routine
and non-coms. On Saturday the day of the boinbers, get-
begins w'ith an inspection of quarters and personal appearance. At 8 a. m. classes begin in “training methods”. Saturday afternoons are spent on tours of inspection which serve to broaden the knowledge of the student along ordnance lines. Use Self-Governing System “Instruction is going on at every waking hour.” In addition to the regular staff of “hardboiled instructors” Capt. Freel remarked that ev(See ARMY, page 4)
ting weather reports, instructing the crews, and finally the tension
of the taking-off.
From this point, the camera stays with the big Wellington bomber and its crew of six. The bomber reaches its destination, descends to bomb the target amidst a barrage of enemy anti-aircraft fire, and there is a spectacular explosion as the bombs find their mark. The picture ends with the crew’s report back at headquarters.
Another Custom Gone . . .
which they spoke are; Glenn
Tobias, “World Economics”; _ A, Rickard Perkins, “Significance SgCOSld GfilH COUtSSl S ©GS LslOOC©# CarfOlC© Is/OiOS of Reparations”; James Bohn, ^
Nava! Board To Visit Campus Mar. 29-Apr. 3 Students May Obtain Necessary Papers From Dean Knapp's Office Students in the Enlisted Reserve Corps who have indicated a preference for the Navy or Marine CoiTps Reserve may make this transfer through a traveling Navy and Marine Board, which is scheduled to be at the University from March 29 to April 3, according to an announcement just received by Dean W. A. Knapp from the Naval Office of Procurement in Chicago. Detailed instructions about the necessary papers and doctfments which must be as-
“What To Do About Lease-Lend”; Tomorrow afternoon the second and George Sykes, “Scientific In- Annual Corn and Small Grains dustrial Management.” Seymour Judging Contest will be held in the Greenwald, fourth semester EE, crops laboratory of Ag Hall. Ihis spoke on “Silver as an Economic year, students from all schools of Tool,” “Food For the Hungry” was University are eligible to parthe title of the talk given by Tim- Ucipate in the contest which will be
. T>oiP field from 1 to 4 p. ni. othy Tilton, lourth semester PSE. Ceres, agricultural honorary, will
These men will compete in the sponsor the contest as it did finals and have a chance at the $100 |af,t year. Prof. F. E. Robbins, of in prize money, provided by W. A. the Agronomy Department, will Hanley, who is a University giad- Falge the contest which will use , , , j. j, n only classroom grain from the
uate and- member of the Board ol , , . ,
” Cl ops laboratory. The honorary is Trustees. Five judges, selected sponsoring the contest to awaken from the speech, economics, and on- interest in and to inijirovo ability
gineering departments will decide in crop judging.
the finals. These judges have not
Supplant Trade Dinners
Pritha Kumarappa
. . . graduate student from India, will be the guest speaker of the Chinese Student’.^ Club, room 307, in the Union at 7:30 tonignt. The
been announced as yet.
'J’his contest has been held annually since 1935. W. A. Hanley, the originator and backer of the contest, initiated this event “so that
engineers would be more interested jj, i„vited to attend.'
in learning how to speak correctly.”
He found that among college men ChrisfriaSI FoundatlOtl engineers, especially have good , ” ‘ ... will sponsor its annual spring ideas but seldom can jiresent their (jm^ce in the East Faculty liounge suggestions to others because of this evening at 8:30. A St. Patrick’s their lack of speaking ability. Han- theme will be followed and all are ley is the president of the Eli Lilly i-«P'«sted to wear something green. ^ T , , Tickets are 15c, and may be seCompany in Indianapolis and has , n n i at t i l, ■ * ‘ cured from Bob Nash, Bob Smith, been a member of the Board of Smith, Alice Fox, or Margie Trustees since December of 1940. Herd.
Trade dinners are dying a slow death! Since the beginning of the semester, they have been suffering, and rationing has dealt the final death blow to those social functions between the men’s organizations and the women’s organizations on the campus. Wednesday night has been known here as “trade dinner night” for .several years. In the sororities, the origin of a trade dinner was a Sunilay afternoon trade tea dance for which dates arc arranged and handled in about the same manner as they now are for the dinners. Sunday jiroved to bo an inconvenient day for this sort of affair, however, .so the idea of having dinners on Wednesday night was accepted. War Ghauges Things The Wednesday evening dinner idea proved a success, and has been doing well for itself until the more important task of winning a war stepped in. The Women’s Residence Halls used to hold trade picnics about twice a year. Nearly two years ago they, too, began the system of having the regular Wednesday
night trade dinners; so out of Wade picnics and trade dances, with a desire to help students meet each other as an incentive, trade dinners between the men’s and women’.s organizations have developed into a campus custom. Find Substitutes Since trade dinners are fading into the background gracefully as they must do, the sororities and fiaternities are either giving them up entirely, substituting a social function requiring less food, or else lilaiining to discontinue them in the near future. As yet the Women’s Residence Halls have not come to a definite decision as to the future of those dinners in their realm, but food rationing has presented them the same problem. Dances, Cokes, Parlies In the sororities, the Chi Omegas have initiated a policy of having dances from 7 until 8:30 on the trade dinner nights. No food at these, but they still are making new acquaintances. The Thetas have not been having any trade dinners this semester, but have been substituting theater parties and dances. The Alpha Xi Delta girls are
planning to use a coke as a substitute; instead of the regular dinner, they are planning coke dates for Wednesday evenings. This is an accepted method of meeting that should do the job. Delta Gamma has dropped all trade dinners too, but as yet no substitute has been decided upon. Phi Mu’s have made no definite decision; however they are fairly certain that they too will have to cancel future trade dinners. Meat Rationing A Problem Trade dinners are to continue in the Alpha Chi house, but only until meat rationing goes into effect. The Pi Phi’s have also decided against the dinners, but may Work in some picnics when warmer weather permits. Also calling off trade dinners are the Kappas, but they have decided to replace them with two faculty dinners. Most people thought these Wednesday night get-togethers were fun, since there is really a much more important question at hand in a war to bo fought and won, no one is going to complain. It is just another small thing which will help do the job.
WBAA Will Present Varieties Tomorrow Campus Varieties will present a playlet “One Stormy Night in London” Saturday afternoon at 4 over WBAA. The playlet deals with the experiences of two strangers thrown togetheJ by the vagaries of fate and the war. Tom McCrum will take the part of the Stranger in the playlet with Justin Meachim playing Tom, the second lead. A new character created by Jean Frankenberry is “Moitle” played by Virginia Martin. Jimmy Westover will present something new ni musical interpolation on the piano, and Carolyn Wood will be the vo-
calist.
Theta Tau . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men; William Georges, Gary; Fred Keefer, Andrews; Sterling Keyser, Fort Wayne; Robert Seifert, Kendallville; Robert Thays, Grubill; William Tinsler, Jr., Whiting; Richard Wildermuth, Foit Wayne. Initiation was held dining the previous
week.
sembled prior to this transfer are now being prepared Dean Knapp’s office, and probably be ready by noon today. Dean Knapp, naval representative on the campus, urges those students who are concerned to get one of these instruction sheets as soon as possible.
To Give Physicals
Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, will give physical examination to the trapaferees prior to the arrival of the Board. The examination will be scheduled for two evenings and a Satbrday afternoon during the next two weeks. Students may sign for the time at which they will to take the examination in the Office of the Student Health Service. Eligible for V-1, V-7, V-12 Those who change to the Navpl Reserve will be in either V-1 or V-T, and w'lll be eligible for automatic entrance into the new V-12 training program, which is designed to produce officers for the Navy, Marines and Coast Guard. Students tranV fering to the Marine Corps Reserve will also go into V-12 at the time they are called to active duty. Applicants who fail to.pass the qualify ing physical examination or satisfy other qualifications will have the choice of either remaining in Enlisted Reserve Corps in the Arpty Unassigned group or retvarmEn|i to the jurisdiction of their draft hoa^.Page S
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 12, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforiaf and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporrs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Honornry Editor Williom G. Iloskini Willi the Colors
Ekiitor Bnsinrns Manngor News Editor Managing Editor Senior Adscrtising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Exccuti'e
Dale E. Butr Gerhard H. Kloumnn Robert W. Boswinklc Sally Beall James G. Pettj Joseph S. Dawson Jean laiucr A. Jane Keim
‘ Publication Staff
Editorial Stall
Associate Editors: I' .1 Vogli, J '1. Ruhardson T L. Tilton W* H. Tvsun, L. Wrmjlioii. M E Smilh, C. C. Martin-
dell, E. Murphj.
aeii, gj. raurpnj. TTr ii. Cped Staff: Piiyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, fElainc Ahrens. „ „ Sports Staff: C Sowar.ls, J. Ackciman, D. Sliryer. R. Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: .T Filpi. , Advertising Managers: J FUxon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough 3. Tabh Circulation Manager: R. 11 Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dills.
Editor-in-Chief
The Purdue Independent
. Bert Sauier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Tjson Sports Editor; Shryer Day Editor; Riggs Issue Editor: Helffnch Reporters; William*-, RicharfKon. Obcj, leaner. L>nch, Speck. Stephon-on Ra> nes, Abbett. Donham. Lumpkin, Goodt noUKh
Entered a*^ second cla.'-s matter at the post ofTice in Lafay* ette, Indiana, under the act of Congrtss of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postajre provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922
1103, act or uctooer itfii, auuioriz,uu owjiuaiy Published 6n Tuesday, 'lhur.3da>. Friday and Sunday mornings during the y'^ai. Delivered locally by carrier fur ?1.7D for a . n.o nr\ , . i . 1-. • »-.•» »• , 1 fi-vw AO Cru* n
tiuring me y^ai, iteiivertu jukuny ‘-•y k-utij-i e.v./a Bemester or $3 00 for two *-emr-lcrh ; b; mail for $2.00 for a
aemester or $.3.50 for two beme^ters.
Represented for national advertihing bv National Advertising Service, Inc . College rubhbhers Roi)rcbentativc*s, 420
Madison Ave , New York, N. Y.
Trends Of ^Cradle To The Grave ’ Plan
are in the lower income levels, but upon closer
investigation these plans seem to bear a semblance of socialism. Many people would be living off the government and subsidies -would have to be tossed freely into all fields of endeavor, if everyone is to have financial security. The new bill of rights listed under the plan could only be attained by lavishly spending government money. Government spending is not inherently bad, but in this case it would pit class against class. One part of the population would receive their money by work and they in turn would be called upon to finance the huge governmental spending program. In all probability it will be the w'age earners and salaried workers who will pay for the security of the other people. This -w'ould not be bad if the dole receivers were also contributing in a like manner to governmental receipts, but the unfortunate thing is that other people will be forced to bear the brunt of the increased governmental spending. The -w'hole plan will lend to discourage efficiency, ingenuity and individual endeavor in industi’y because private enterprise will bo controlled by the government. The incentive to work will be lowei-ed since workers will be assured of a living regardless of how' hard they work. Industry will be regulated by the government and experience in the past has shown that inefiiciGDfy develops when the govcrnnit'iil i j enter business. In general, it all .'■Line , ,j to the fact that the principle of free cnterpri.se upon which this country was founded and ujion which a great nation was doN'eloped will he* giving way to a modified plan of slalt^ -.ocialism. If this is \\hat the majority of the American people want, it should become law. However, many peo])le will be sw'ept off their feet by the diearns of the utopia which i.s the goal of the plan, and will not .see the trend toward national socialism whicli persist under the fanfai'#’ of security for all.—d.tcb.
VMSmSTOH
Tm a,, u s p.l oil
MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DRE PEARSON
War Department Planned Army Of 7^5 Million Years o. Counted On 21-30 Draft
China By G. B. Wu
Hit Jhs, ChiAMhiA
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jint Richardson
Ag
Our visions of the future were considerably enlightened yesterday morning we we glanced at the headlines in the morning paper. “Cradle to the grave security plan sent to Congress by President” were the words w'hich immediately caught our eye and .stirred our hopes for a blissful utopia where nobody has to work. According to the proposed plan, everyone will be assured a job regardless of his or her ability. Medical <-mcation, housing, and safety'will be p^.' ided for all. Benefits will be paid to workers under social security ■s\’ho become ill or disabled and federal aid will be granted to qualified students who desire college training. Greater aid will be extended to local communities, more assistance will be doled out to the aged, blind and other groups, and free lunche.s will be passed out to school children. In changing over from a w'ar time to a peace time economjq labor will be given a shai’e in management and the governmem will become a partner in private business. Also monopolies will be broken up and the government will decide what concerns should be left operatingin the aircraft, ship building, aluminum and magnesium fields. At first inspection, this proposed plan seems to be a good thing and would undoubtedly be a boom to many people in this country who
WASHINGTON—In September, 1939, just a week after -war broke in Europe, the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND went to the War Department to check on a “rumor”' that the Army had plans for drafting’ Ameiican youth for militai-y service. We wei-e referred to a red-headed major, who said, with an apologetic air: “Yes, we have a plan, but we don’t call it draft; we call it ‘selective service.’ It’s nothing new. It’s just a carry-over from the last war. Besides,” he added, “if I have my way, we will never use this glass bowl and these pellets. I am a Hoosier and an isolationist, and I believe we should stay out of other people’s troubles.” The red-headed major is now a i-najor general, who presides over the destinies of millions of American men. The name is Lewis B. Hershey. “But if we do have to get into it—,” Hershey added, leaving- the thought incomplete. Hershey mentioned the figure of 7,500,000 men as the strength of the U. S. Army. This is the figure the President is insisting- on today. The record now reveals that it has been a basic figure in War Department planning for years. Hershey said at that time, more than three years ago, that the first draft would take men between 21 and 30, after deferments would provide an army of about 3,000,000 men. “This should be enough to make a powerful army,” he said, “but if it isn’t, other age groups will be called, until a total of 7,500,000 men are in uniform.” The War Department is still sticking to these plans made several years in advance. Note: The figure of 10,800,000 men for the total armed foicos is made up by Navy and Marine Corps personnel in addition to the aimy. • Madame Chiang Friends of Madame Chiang Kai-shek swear that at seven o’clock on a recent morning, the telephone jangled in the apartment of a minor govei-nment clerk. The clerk stumbled out of bed, picked up the receiver. A soft feminine voice at the other end of the line asked to speak to his -wife. “Who is this?” mumbled the clerk sleepily. “This is Madame Chiang Kai-shek,” was the reply. ‘Oh, yeah! Well, I am Napoleon.” The cleik hung up. Later, at breakfast he told his -wife about the call, with some angry imprecations about practical jokers who ,get people out of bed at seven in the morning. “But, dear,” replied his wife. “I’ll bet that was Madame Chiang Kai-shek. I went to Wellesley with her and I understand she’s been calling up all her old classmates who live in Washington.” Note: Madame Chiang phoned about 15 of her former Wellesley classmates who live around Washington. • Diplomatic Chaff Paramount has received 5,000 letters as the result of this column’s revelation that Einest Hemingway’s “For Whom the Bell Tolls” was being suppressed because of objections from Dictator Franco, the State Department and people represented as “friends of the Vatican.” Paramount keeps promising- that the picture will be shown. However, inside fact is that its premiere, planned for New York in April, has been postponed. All magazine advertisements scheduled for May and June have been cancelled. It was not the British who stopped Swedish vessels from theii monthly voyages to South America, but the Nazis. They found that Sweden w-as getting more and moic independent, thumbing its nose instead of giving- the Nazi salute. . . . The U. S. Government is beaming a radio program toward Martinique to tell its French population of Admiral Robert’.s refusal to cooperate with the United States and the reasons why w'e have cut off food from that island. . . . State Department is boiling mad over the speech of U. S. Ambassador CarltOn J. H. Hayes in Madiid revealing how much assistance we weie giving- Spain. Officials considered is.sinng a .statement spanking hiln, liut didn’t. © Wheeler's Manpower Problem Montana sugar beet farmers, desperately hard up for labor, doubtless will be intere.sted in the way one of their two Senators, the Hon. Burton K. Wheeler, .solved a manpower problem with the help of the United States Navy. Senator Wheelei is chan man of the Inteistate Commerce Committee, which sponsoied the bill to merge the We.stein Union and Postal Telegiajih companies. Early last yeai, an investigatoi for thi.s committee, Edward Cooper, obtained a eommi.ssion as a lieutenant in the Navy’s communications section. Now Senator Wheeler has got Lieut. Cooper a.ssigned back to the Interstate Commerce Committee. Wheeler went right fo the top to swing this little deal. He urged Navy Secretary Knox to permit Cooper to return (o his old job until the telegraph merger bill passed Congrtsss. Wheeler explained that Cooper’s services were sorely needed because he had given a great deal ol time and study to the legislation. Knox icferied the reciuest to Navy personnel officials, with the result that Lieut. Cooper was given an indefinite leave to assist Wheeler as long as needeil. He has heen oeeupyiii.g an office close to Wheeler’s in the Senate Office Buikling since Feb. 1. Just what his duties are icmains a mystery. All studies lelative to the meigoi hill were completed last yeai, and the hill was sent to the President for his signature Fehiuaiy 25th, yet Cooper, at last report, was still occupying an office on Capital Hill. ® Merry-Go-Round Postmaster General Walker’s post office inspection tup actually is foi the puipose of having a look-see at the nation’s political undei-pinnings. He has already wi itten state leader.s that he was coming. . . . Amiable Ambrose O’Connell, able chief executive of the Democratic National Committee, will go with Walkei. They will make almost the same circuit as Jim Failcy. ... A lourth term may not be discussed, Imt it will be thought about. Tlie State Department has been looking for an A1 man to be U. S. Ambassador for the strategically impoitant African states stretching from Dakar to tlic Union of South Afiica. Pat Hurley could have the job but doesn’t want to he maiooned in the tropics. (Copyi-ight, 1943, liy United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
THE DRAINING OF CHINA’S ARMY War is fought with metal, money and manpower; not infrequently with man only. Everything beingequal a nation’s trained manpower clmstitutes the chief factor in determining- the final outcome of a struggle. Given modern armaments and adequate material resouices but without men trained to use them with determination, a nation’s war machine is like a body without a soul. In this regard, China is in an advantageous position. She has a vast supply of nianpowei. In five years of war her most important weapon has been man and man is still her main asset in her strug.gle against Japan. The average Chinese is intelligent and follow's instructions readily. He is resourceful and commands extraordinary ingenuity. Ho is traditionally loyal and faithful to the point of death to a leader who treats him with consideration. He is llone.st and knows no fear. He makes an excellent soldier provided he is well trained and led. With a common conviction and determination millions of Chinese have been put into fightiiyg- trim under the slogan “Training is more important than fighting-.” In five years of w-ar more recruits w-ere drafted and drilled, more officers trained and more units inspected than in prewar days. Spiritual Training A gicat militaiy genius with a wealth of Chinese cultural background, Gcnci alisbimo Chiang- Kaishek always lays special emphasis on spiritual training for his men. To him spirit is more important than material. China’s deficiency in equipment can be made up by her fighting- spirit. This same philosophy permeated the Whampoa Military Academy wheie was first laid the foundation of China’s new army. This Academy was established near Canton in 1924 with the Generalissimo as its principal. It provided both military and political training for its cadets who w'cre all indoctrinated in Dr. Sun Yat-sen’s teachings and taught a high sense of responsibility toward the nation. This tiadition has been maintained. The policy, purpose, spiiit and objective of the Academy, which is now' called the Central Military Academy, pointed out by the Generalissimo that the Academy’s policy is to teach the cadets self-gov-ernineni, self-initiation, selfstrengthening and self-respect. Its purpose is to make the cadets have a sense of propriety, integrity, responsibility and discipline. Its spirit is one of sacrificing individual comfort, life and everything else for the success of the Revolution. Its object is to teach every cadet as well as cveiy soldier he may command after graduation to be loyal to his country, people, party principles and the Chinese Revolution. Technically a Chinese soldier is taught modern w'arfare by experts. Spiritually he is reminded daily of his duty toward the nation and the people. Spiritual talk, an unheard of topic in foreign military institutions, is a specialty in all Chinese military schools as well as in all fighting umt^. It was the GeiieraliSsinio himself who v/iote the outline for the fpuitual training of Chinese soldiei-. The outline includes twelve dictti for military men, party niembeis, public lunctionaiies and students aiid ten i ulos for soldiers. (Continued in next issue)
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Foundation Class. Prof. H. H. Watts will teach. 10:36 a. m. Morning Worship Services. The message of the pastor will be “The Man Who Was Disillusioned.” This is one of a series of sermons before Easter on “Personalities At the Cross.” 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship and Supper. 6:30 p. m. Forum Hour, “Why Pray” is the subject and Louise Peterson will be the leader.
Pronouncements about the winning of the war this year continue to pour forth from the mouths of high government and military officials, but where they get the basis for these statements is unknown. The whole thing seems less and less likely as the months pass by and the Japanese fleet continues to bob around on the surface of the ocean. The apparent checking of ' the Russians by the Germans
Theta Xis, Sig Nu5 Will Race Tomorrow
Tomorrow afternoon between the hours of 4 and 5 p. m. the two
is further proof that the winning of the war will not happen this year. If the United States Army really felt that the war would be won this year, why are they pulling college student.s out of school to make them officeis? It take.s around three to six months to make an officer fit
University Presbyterian Church North St. near Grant Russell Shaw, minister pro tern 9:30 a. m. Sunday School. The student class led by Dr. Gordon Graves, studies and discusses subjects of particular intei-est to college students. At present they are finishing their study of the Gospel of Mark. 10:30 a. m. Morning Woi’ship. Mr. Shaw’s sermon this Sunday will be an “Invitation to Worship.” Dr. J. Walter Malone, vice-presi-dent of the Presbyterian Theological Seminary of Chicago, will deliver the sermon on the following Sunday, March 21. Until two years ago Dr. Malone was pastor of the McKinley Memorial University Presbyterian Church at the University of Illinois. 6:30 p. m. Sunday Evening Club. Following the supper, which is fifteen cents, will he a program or else group recreation.
rivals, decked out in gay-colored for combat, and the war would pracnightshirts, will toe the mark on fically be over by that time. State Road. With a bound the color- XXX fill greeks will prance onward, Marshal Rommel is supposed to turn, and scale the hill to Littleton through Italy and Yugoslavia street, only to be greeted with decided to leave Tunisia, buckets of cold water. q’tig question i.s, whether Rommel is No, it’s not a game of run-sheep- going to be allowed to leave with run or a commando-training pro- his Afrika Korps. It is very likely “gram; the Theta Xis and Sigma that Montgomery and ‘Ike’ IsenNus are running their twelfth an- hower have different plans, but the nual pajama race. In 1932 the outcome is not likely to take place course was laid out: Down State for at least fno months, then we
Road to the Theta house, (around it shall see.
twice), then up the hill to Little- XXX ton, and finally down to the Sigma 'flu, Biitish Royal Air Force is
Nil house. The winning house is giving the Gorman heavy industries
awarded a ti ophy which it keeps the worst hombin.g over inflicted
until the finish of the next rtice usually hold in the R|iriiig.
(’ome One, Come All
Anyone is eligible to enter the contest who has not previously participated. Since the start of the rivalry some 10 years ago the TX
histoiy. It seems very likely that the.se raids .should iiiciease as summer comes on and the air over Europe loses its storms. This is also the fiist tune '-nice 1812 that Germany proper has been subjected to tiny kind of homlnng. It is won-
moii hiivc captuicd the honors three tiered if the Geiman people w'ill he
Purdue Christian Foundation Friday evening, 8:30, ANNUAL SPRING DANCE in East Faculty Lounge, 25c for two. Saturday afternoon, 1:30, basketball game in the men’s gym. Sunday morning, in Lafayette Christian Church, 6th and North St. 9:30—Student Classes. Dr. Earl Blitz, export in Agricultural Economics, will speak on the subject, “Christian Economics.” This topic begins the fourth and final section, dealing with the post-war world, under the general theme, “Build Today For A Christian World.” 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon. Communion service is open to all. Sunday evening, at 131 S. Grant. 5:15—15c Supper. 5:45—Forum program, including singing, recreation, discussion, and worship. Don Aper and Harold Addison will lead the discussion on the subject, “The Protestant and Catholic Faiths.” Close promptly at 7:30.
times while the Sig Nu.s took the trophy for eight seasons, having garnered it last year. Neither house boasts a winning team, hut the true story i.s that both have lost too many good men to the Air Coips, etc. The Thetas (KAT) have got the, race—cold. They promise to keep the rivals cool with their bucket brigade even during the heat of competition. We wonder if the greeks wouldn’t rather stop and take the icy bath, delt by the lovely maids, than run the remaining block and take a warm show'er. The Theta Xis are following rigid training lulcs—since most take PE 12; the Sig Niis arc doing thoii training tonight at their dance. In spite ot opinions pro and con, the candy - striped broadcloth attired TX men and their polka-dot silk clothed opponents are siuo to provide an amusing race with plenty of thrills, spills, and Theta, c-h-i-l-l-s.
able to stand this coiiUnual bombing; and if so, how long will Hitler he willing to saei ilice his production schedule for the air protection of his tioops in Russia and Tunisia.
Red Cross
(Continued from page 1) 52 tons of metal has been savcnl. Coeds who do not donate money to the drive may make a contribution by giving some of their time to the Rctl Cioss. The activities in v.'hich they nitty engage include making surgical diossings, knitting and sewing. The Red Cross needs more coeds for work, ami would prefer them to give at least an hour of their time each week. These activities take place in the diigoiit in the basement of the Union on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
lliijyersity Book Store
Across I roin Union “Re<r’ ‘'aminous ’29 “Dor” Epple ’40
TODAY - TOMORROW
taance...and Action!
\mmsm — NOW PLAYING ■—
-r
iv i
1
> li-
' iUddy, March 12,1943 BoUermciker Spovts
Pd0g
Two Special Investigators Disclose Great 1nn^r Circle^ Mystery Within Boilermaker Fieldhouse White Stripe On Fieldhouse Floor Baffles Exponent Sports Writers
Heidke Gunninq For Breast Stroke Title in KCAA Swimming Heet At Columbus Coach Dick Papenguth took his varsity and freshman paddle artists through a strenuous workout yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse pool, in preparation for the coming National Intercollegiate Swimming Meet which will be held on March 26 and 27 at Ohio State University. The Buckeyes are the present holders of the National Championship and have an excellent chance of repeating
their performance although they recently lost two of their
strongest aquatic stars. Papenguth’s Riveter pool
proteges promise to be a real
threat in the coming
Meet, and Mentoi’ Papenguth has a bright outlook on the outcome. The Riveter scoring- power rests mostly in the stroke of sophomore sensation, Roy Heidke, who took second place in the 200 yard breast sti oke event at the Big Ton swimming meet which was held in Chicago
last week end.
Take A Bow, Boys The Boilermakers placed fifth in
been swimming free style lately, will go back to his favorite breast sti oke event and should have a good chance of garnering a few precious points for the Rivetei's. .Joe has held varsity recoids for three years and
National teaming with Heidke, a potent com-
Notice E.xponent sports staff issues a callout Thursday afternoon for willing- workers who may desire to take a part in publicizing the athletic activities of their college. No experience necessary (it helps though). —Thursday’s Child.
WGN To Announce Winner Of Big Ten's 'Most Valuable' Award
PURDUE ILLINOIS . INDIANA ' IOWA. ■ MINNESOTA ...
THE HONOR ROLL . Rudy Lawson WISCONSIN
Andy Phillip .lohn Logan Ben Trickey
Ken Exel
MICHIGAN CHICAGO
OHIO STATE
NORTHWESTERN
Bob Sullivan . Dave Strack Hank Ellman .Jack Dugger Otto Graham
bination of breast strokers should
result.
Rest of Roster Completing the roster which will travel to Ohio State on March 20 w'ill be Bill Snead in the spiints. Bill Dunn in the back stroke, and .Johnny Jungst in the diving events. Along- with this talented array of aqua artists, Coach Papenguth will take the Medley Relay team com-
the meet last week, accumulating a posed ot Cummings, Rayl and La-
total of eight points and this gave them a tie with Indiana in the upper division. Coach Papenguth was mighty pioud of his sw-immers, liacause this accomplishment was a new high for Riveter aquatic teams
in meet competition.
Baw. This roster should make it tough for any team competing in the meet, and they .should place well up among the leaders when the final
points aie totaled.
On March 20, the freshman swim stars will have a busy week end at
Heidke garnered the bulk of the Culver Military Academy. At this
Boilermakers’ points by his performance in the breast stroke. lie finished close on the heels of Skinner of Michigan in the 200 yard paddle, and this gave him the honor of giving the best show that any Riveter swimmer has given in a Big Ten meet. The Medley Relay team got the remainder of the Boilermaker points when they finished in fourth place behind Michigan, Ohio State and Iowa. Some Boy, Roy According to previous iierfoimances, Roy Heidke, Papenguth protege, who holds the world’s record for the 50 yards and 50 meters breast stroke events, has an .excellent chance of finishing among the leadere in the coming National Meet. His chances have been somewhat enhanced by the fact that Skinner, who beat him in the Big Ten meet, will not swim in the National, leaving the 200 yai d breast stroke event wide open. Captain Joe Williamson, who has
DANCE RECITAL TUESDAY, MARCH 23rd 8:00 P. M. Adm. FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 27fh BALLET AND TAP Classes Divided According to Age PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th and Ferry
time, they will swim against strong airay of aquatic stars from the Academy. Free stylers for the ihinics are LaBaw, Womble, Leach, Hansel, Knotts, Lyon, Kann and Brow-nlow.' Hansen, Womble and Cummings aie the freshman hack stroke artists. In the diving department, the job is well taken care of by the Anthony twins, Ray and Joe. These lads hail from Illinois w-hcic they held state lilies in the high school events. Steinbeck Stars In Pole Vault Iowa City, March H—Captain Kenneth Steinbeck has become the first University of Iowa pole vaulter in fourteen seasons to figure in the Big Ten title. The Rubio senior vaulted 13 feet, .3 inches last Saturday to share the championship with Heib Matter of Illinois and John Schmidt of Olno .‘-Rate. It was the best vault of his
caieor.
Bock in ]!)2!), Plenry Canliy won the coufeicnce title with a vault of 13-7'j, w'hich stood for some ycai s as a confeiencc record.
► Chuck Duesler One would never know after talking to this likeable, hard-w'orking gUy that Chuck Duesler is at the piesent time rated as one of the top distance limners in the Mid West. Chuck’s greatest accomplishment came last Saturday at the Big Ten track meet when he finished a close second in the grueling two-mile event. . . . Incidentally he w-as the lone Boilermaker to place in any of the individual events. During the past cross country season, Duesler captained the Riveter team through another successful campaign. . . . Invariably it w'as Chuck who led the pack across the finish line. ^ Plenty Of AmbstSori “ As most of you know. Chuck is a quiet, modest fellow with plenty of ambition and down right stick-to-itness. As if it w'eren’t enough to be a distance runner on the track team and a member of the cross country team, Chuck has been W'orking for four years on the Agriculturist and at the present is editor-in-chief of this University farm publication. Duesler is pledged to Gimlet Club and is a member of Alpha Zeta and of Alpha Gamma Rho, social fraternity. ► Duesler Vs. Dunn In the Big Ten meet Chuck was beaten by Dunn of Illinois. All he wants now is a chance to meet the Illini runner again and show him just who is boss. . . . Dueslei may get this opportunity at the Purdue Relays on the 27th if Illinois consents to send a team. . . . Nothing- definite has been heard as yet fiom Champaign, however. If these two great runners do meet again here, we would be a little inclined to favor Duesler because when this fellow sets his licart to something he usually does it. TickeS’s On Sale Next Week Don’t forgot, tickets for the Relays go on sale next iveek. For students the general admission price is only 50c with the presentation of passpoits. . . . You can’t possibly go wrong at that price. Box seats w-ill be !fl.65 and geneial admission to the public will be ipLlO. Tickets may be purchased from any Gold Pepper, Gimlet oi Reamei. With each ticket W'ill go an official ballot w-ith w-hich the purchaser may vote for the girl he w'aiits lo be Queen of the Relays.
The Western Conference honor roll in the balloting for the WGN Most Valuable basketball player trophy was completed last night when Northwestern named its great forward, Otto Gi’aham, for the second straight year, and Ohio State placed in nomination its sophomore center, Jack Dugger. Names of the ten players selected as the most valuable of their respective squads are
now submitted to a 23-man final selection committee headed by the Big Ten commissioner of athletics, Major John L. Griffith, and including the ten coaches, ten officials, WGN Sports
After 37 games against the best Announcer Jack Brickhouse. and
Bluejackets Name Ehlers To Post On All-Opponent Five
basketball teams in the middlewest, the Great Lakes Bluejackets selected their all-opponents’ squad today with Andy Phillip of Illinois a unanimous choice—for the second
team.
They hastened to add this was no
WGN Sports Editor Grayle How-
lett.
The player voted the Western Conference most valuable will be announced and interviewed tomorrow night by Brickhouse on the 6:15 WGN sports review,
slap at the number one scorer in The WGN Trophy is an actual-sized the history of the Big Ten. Selec- gold basketball, and was won in tions were based solely on each 1941 by. Gene Engliind of Wisconplayer’s performance against Gieat sin, and last year by another
Lakes and the night Illinois whip- Badger star, John Kotz. ped the Bluejackets Ken Menke £3^,4 Year’s Stars proved a harder man to handle than „• ,
^ Six of last year’s individual most ' valuable were eligible this year, but
Sports Shorts Ohio StaS'e Team sports rather than individual endeavor is the backbone of Ohio State University’s vast intramural system, according to a survey conducted by Leo Staley, diI'cctor of the dopai-tment. Approximately 8,500 boys at Ohio State annually participate in athletics as members of various teams in football, basketball, volleyball, boxing, baseball and softhall while only about 775 go in for the individual sports of handball, tennis, golf, badminton, wrestling, fencing and others of like character.
DR. PAUL A. RISK
DR. LUTHER A.
RISK
DR. HAROLD J.
RISK
— DCNTISTS -
400-^04 Schultz
Bldg.
'Ifli and Main Sts.
Phone 5701
Iowa University of Iowa has been invited to entoi individual perfoimeis and teams in the first Purdue Relays at Lafayette Feb. 27. Entry of the Hawkeyes is doubtful, however, because of lack of outstanding' lelay team material and travel difficulties.
Fencers Will Meet Culver Tomorrow University fencing- team will meet the Culver Military Academy foil men at 2:00 p. m. tomorrow at the Fieldhouse. This will be the last fencing contest this year, and is open to the public without charge. The probable lineup for the team is Fre^l Rosen, Bob Bryant, Lester Goldfischer, Larry Fleischman, Jim Mumper, Don Schrader, and Captain Aaron Kaufman. IM Schedules VOLLEYBALL Ward Volleyball will be played klonday evening, March 15, at 7:00. The following Wards will report at the Fieldhouse at this time, ready to play off their matches. Teams will be matched as they appear on the flooi : Ward 1, Waid lA, Ward 2, Ward 3, Ward 6, Ward 11, Ward 13, Ward 21, Ward 22, Ward 25, ard 27. Any other Ward wishing lo cuter into this'tournament please liave your team on the floor at 7 rOO. Each team entering will play three games, the two highest teams to play for the champion.ship place. Medals will be given foi the winners.
Illinois Considered Best
Menke, Bob Rensberger of Notre Dame and Charles Black of Kansas were unanimous first team choices. Illinois was the best of the 30 teams played and Black was named over Menko as the toughest individual
opponent of the year.
First team—F o r w a 1 d s, Ken Menke, Illinois, and Charles Black, Kansas; center, Ed Beisser, Creighton; guards, Bob Rensberger, Notre Daine, and Ed Ehlers, Purdue. Phillip Makes Second Team
Second team-
Phillip, Illinois, and Dick Miller, Lawrence College; center. Bob Shaw, Ohio State; guards, Ward Knowles, Creighton, and Gene
Vanco, Illinois.
Personal selections of Lt. Paul D. (Tony) Hinkle, Great Lakes coach, were Menke and Ralph Langer of Creighton at f01 wards, Black at center, Rensberger and Phillip at guard. His choices were not included in the player poll. The Bluejackets met Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State, Pui-due,
of the Big Ten; klissouri and Kansas of the Big Six; Stanfor-d of the Pacific Coast Conference; Notre Dame, Marquette, Michigan State, Kentucky, Creighton, Butler and the University of Detroit, among the section’s other outstandingteams. Faculty Bowling LEAGUE STANDING March 1-5
BONDS LIKE YOU NEVER DID BEFORE
Support the japanAZI SINKING FUND Mwarsavinqs bonds bstamk
Ward sw'imming will be held on March 19 at7:15. Please have your men get in training for this event. Following is the order of events: 7:15 50 Yard Breast Stroke. 7:25 50 Yard Back Stroke. 7:35 50 Yard Free Style. 7:45 100 Yard Free Style. 8:00 Fancy Diving. First and second medals will bo given for this event. Medals arc HOW' on display in the tiophy case in the Intramural Office, room 111, Fieldhouse. Any Ward not receiving entiy blank and w'ishing to untei- in the sw'immiiig event may do so by calling the Intramural Office, 2875.
SIGMA DELTA PSI Tests to be given Fiiday evening, Maich 12, at 4:00: • Football Punt Shot Put
W. L.
Animal Husbandly 52 23 English 51 24 .'Igricullural Extension 49 26 Civil Engineering 46 29 Speech 45 30 Physical Plant 45 30 Poultry 44 31 Physics 43 .'!2 Executive, • 42 33 'Electrical Engineering 42 3,'! IIoi tic-ulturc 40 ISo Agricultural Chemistry 1 39 3() Agronomy 2 39 30 Chemistry 2 3S :i7 Dairy 88 37 Naval Training Station 37 3.8 Agricultural Engineering 37 38 Agiicultural Chemistry 2 37 ;>8 Forest ry 37 38 Mechanical Enginoeriii.g 17 .IS Recitation 3,7 38 Radio Engmeeriug- 33 42 (See BOWLING, page 1)
B> Extra Special Correspondents
Exponent correspondents, Ackerman and Shryer, faced a baffling problem in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon, when they first noticed a mysterious “inner circle” appearing on the floor of the Riveter Athletic Institution. Bearing the appearance of a white oval, approximately 175 yards in circumference, the .strange “inner circle” stirred the blood of these active newsmen
to discern what might have caused such a phenomenon. Recalling their earlier literary contacts with Sherlock Holmes and Dick Tracy, these gallant sleuths wasted no delay in seeking the causes of this strange
unknown design.
Phillips To The Rescue The solution proved to be one of the greatest simplicity for Hermon Phillips, popular Boilermaker track mentor, saw the troubled look on the faces of the puzzled newsmen. When he learned the nature of the problem facing them. Coach Phillips quickly explained that the mysterious white circle was to be the boundary for the new one-tenth mile track now being installed for the Purdue Relays. ' Sports fans will have the opportunity to see the nation’s finrat track men flashing around the new oval on the night of March 27, when the Relays are inaugurated.
Small Schools, Too
With some of the biggest universities in this part of the country and others scattered from Maine to California, plus a great many fcolleges, the Relays should provide the most activity seen around here in many a year. In the college side of the ledger, two top track teams from the state of Ohio will provide the bulk of the competition. They 'are Miami, who year in and year out come up with good cinder men, and Western Reserve from Cleveland. With twenty-five to thirty schools already having submitted entries, besides numerous other feats and stars, one should see a great deal for his money. All types of track events will take place when these Relays get under way two weeks
from tomorrow.
AVall Scalers
For the first time in the school’s history, the boys w-ho work, day in and day out on PE 12, wondering w'hy they have such extreme exercises (apologies are due here to Uncle Sam), will get a chance to show their progress in this most studied course on the campus. Coach Herm Phillips will sponsor a “wall sealing contest” to bring forth the enthusiastic bounds of the
Riveter men.
Enti-ies for the special “baseball dash” to be held in connection with the Relays have already been received from the Chicago Cubs, Cincinnati Reds and Pittsburgh Pirates, it was announced here today. Indians To Enter In addition to the trio of entries already assured, Lou Boudreau, manager of the Cleveland Indians, has infoimed University authorities that he would discuss plans for a Cleveland entry w-hen the squad arrives here Monday to start twining in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse. Negotiations are still underway with the Detroit Tigers and Chicago White Sox, the other two teams which W'ill train in Indiana this
spring.
The “baseball dash”, -added to the Relays program in an effort to provide at least a partial answer to the oft-asked question, “Who’s the fastest man in major league basebalH” will be a 6D-yard affair, with the entries to run in their regular baseball uniforms. Entries for the thirteen regular events on the Relays progr-am, with team honors in both university and college divisions at stake, contihued CO poui in. Both Michigan, which i-ecently v\on the Big Ten indoor championship witli u record-breaking- scoi'e, and Notre Dame, which is expected to push the Wolverines for team honots m the University divisioR, have entered full squads. The Irish wiested the Butler Relays title from Michigan la-.t spiuig-.
only two have again received the vote of their teammates. Andy Phillip, the record-shattering- Illinois forw’ard, ran second to Koi-/, last year in the final voting. Otto Giaham, the Northwestern forW'ard, IS the other player to rate the most valuable citation for the second straight yeai-, although the Wildcats had to take tw'o ballots before he shaded his captain, Russ
Wendland.
This year’s hyiior list includes
Forwaids, Andy sophomores: Jack Dugger of
Ohio, Hank Ellman of Chicago and Dave Stiack of Michigan; thiee junior.s: Phillip, Rudy Lawson of Purdue and Graham; and four seniors: low-a’s Ben Trickey, John Logan of Indiana, Ken Exel of Minnesota and Wisconsin’s Bob Sullivan, the latter named over the WGN Trophy w'lnner of 1942, Kotz.
Phillip Outstanding
Although awards of this type are not always made on the basis of individual performances, the leadingcontenders for the award are cer-
Wisconsin, Minnesota and Chicago tain to be Phillip and Graham. A.s
a sophomore Phillip w-as recognized to be the finest player to come along since the days of Young of the University and Aimstrong of Indiana. Yet last season he w'as not a leading point gatherer. This year, however, he switched from a guard position to the forw'ard post, and in addition to duplicating his superb floor performances of the piovious season, he became the spearhead of the vaunted lllim attach. Garnering 272 points through the course of the conference season, Phillip smashed the scoring locord of 187 points foi a twelve game card formerly held by
Jewell Young. Graham, Too
Graham, recently voted the BigTen’s outstanding all-around athlete, added new-, when he finished as runner-up to Andy Phillip in the scoring ranks. Ciaham’s o-iploits on the giuiiion for the Wildcats aio w-ell known to the nation’s giid fol-
low'crs.
Final summaiy ot Big Ten scoiiiig percentages: Rank Pla,\ei -Vti A\u 1. Williams, Ind. 155 kit 2. P'hiUip, 111 31! •!55 3. Hamilton, 1ml. 185 . i.'lo 4 Ellman, Chi. 106 .!2l 5. .V .Menke, t’uulue L L8 118 6. Pattci-'-on, Wis 115 .,!1T 7. Logan, liul. 1.56 .108 7, -Nelson, .Mum, 78 ,308
U) 11. It. I !. 14.
Wendland, Nor. Mathisen. 111. Graham, .Nor, Exel, Minn. K. Menke, 111. Vance, 111
195 219 243 92 161 .127
.308 .306 .304 .304 .291% !
Purdue Exponent
‘Friday, Marcli iS, 1943
What Do Students Read First?
Fraternity and Sorority Presidents Be sure to jyet vour contracts and monev in to the Debris b isincss off ce by March IB at the. latest —BAUMER
'fxpo' Readers See, In Order, . m i m . . Front Page, Sports Page,'Ratio' Pilots 1 ake 1 raining
Dolphin Clul) E f,ular mcitinp luesdnv March 1( at ir i mm loom 104 of tie Ficlclhoi sc Imp ilant ] Ians will be dib cibscd SMITH
Bt Fd Stephenson If this IS lead, it t\ill piobably be one of the last aitides in the Exponent to gieet the loving eyes of the leadei, if the lesults of this sul^ey aie accuiate In answeiing the question, “Whidi page of the Exponent do vou lead fiisf^” no one picked page fom, the customaiy lesting place of sui\eys Foity pei cent of all students intei viewed (men) and 25 pei cent of the lest (coeds) stated that they
For Ferry Command Trainees, Formerly Civilian Pilots, Learn Advanced Flight Measures
All Students All I Ici ts who wish t w ik f 1 the RcpoUiai duiinp: tho bunimti 1 rm rofjHtiati n Ai nl 2( an I 27 ue ic quesU I to rnnk pjlctti n tt tho Rcr trai oflic Th ( with prt ous expor tnce it lORi fr fi 1 i i th i cUi cal lobs art i^ivcn n. c STONF
CE 62 A condition tc t in Hachway Con stiicti r Ch (2 Vrill b hell t 1 30 p m S t 1 y A a til 2 1 m 200 f tl Civil Erjinctiinf, Buil linj., PEI FY
Aeromodellcrs Imj it it n tt p Mo 1 ly M ircl 1 10 ) n 1 loom 80 C th Union I itc i ii/t f i 11 th st on tim CRIST
read the fiont page of the pa-
per first
Choice of the fiist page as the logical page to lead before any othei was explained by 22 5 pei cent of the students in i verv pi uticnl mannei In saj ing that it n as the handiest place to stait The icst ot the b5 pei cent that read the fiont paere said that that was the place the nens nas located and the\ c\ anted to see what uas going on None of the eds claimed that he n inted to see nheic the ERG ^^as this neel 4ppaionth thet ve gi\en up noiiMnc, about news leleases and iie n uting foi bjg bromi envelopes Sports Second Love I lie Third Next in populaiitv to the fiont page was the thud oi =poits pige Tvventj two ind one half pei cent of the inteiMGwees ill men h ihib uallv choose n is then fust to leid and give the leason that thev find then mam inteiest lies in the held ol spoits The coed eem to lad this all consuming inteiest in ath letics but thev do have i definite in teiest in the latest gossip Thib is shown bv the fact that the 12 5 pci cent of the students who don t ic id the fiist Ol thud page Pist choose the second page This 12 o pei cent was significantlv enough cntnclv feminine Thev unanmioush chose the cditoiial page because The R i tio Ol 3 55 to 1 staits m that section of the papei A.ccoiding to the gills, thev lUst want to find out about ‘ The love life of the cinipus As far as the notices aie con ceined 54 pei cent of the men al ways 1 ead them 36 pei cent of them lead them sometimes and 10 pei cent of them nevci lool it them (Thev lead the fouith page foi something at least) Less th in one thud of the coeds lead the notices with legulaiitv but 50 pei cent ot them lead them occasioi allv Twenty pei cent of the women nev er manage to puisue the intellectual gems that lie hidden in the notices Read Exponent For News The lesuhs of this suivcv seem to indicate that with both men and women alike the piime inteiest in the Exponent lies in the news that it contains Of secondiiv inteiest with the eds is spoiting news With the coeds it is possible the old green eyed goddess ot jeilousv At least, those that fail to leid the front page fiist seem to fuin immo diately to The Ratio With some suipiise it was noted that none of the men wanted to find out fiist about pinnings and vice veisa Seventv seven and one half pei cent ol the Exponent leadeis at tack the papei systematic ilh ac coiding to these figiiies They look forward to each papei with eithei news, spoits oi The Ratio in mind The othei 2 5 pei cent have a system onlv m that thev lead the most convenient pait cf the papei first Men and women aic aboilt evtnlv divided in then degice oi oi ganizition in ittackmg the news Men Notice C onscious Coeds aic noticeablv less notice conscious thin ihc ids incc onlv 30 pel cent of the coc Is iic aidcit iio*'icc fai s wh le o4 ]u i cot (i over nail ol the i ici icul them Kgulailv fhi a])pa t t shoit coming Ol the pail ol the women mav bt due to the 1 icl that most ol the not cc aic diiecicd to tin iiltn Still bcaiiiig rut the issuni]! lion diawn lioiii the pci tentages of students who ah \s lead the ni liccs aic the lelativc mimbcis that ncvci lool it the iiotKcs Iwciitv
Bov/ling
(Continued fiom page 3)
32
1
10 10
28 28 28 27 21
them
Agiicultuial Chemistiy 3 Agionomv 1 Aigi icultui il Exp Station Chemist! V 1 Chemical Engineeiing Geneial Stoies Gcnei il Lngmeeiing Phaim icv Biolo^v
41 mv
High It am Sets—4gi
27) Eoiestiv 278“’ 4nini il Hus bandiv ^77) Pecitition 2778
Vgi 1 ngi 2"'7S
High Icim C amos—- A...,! them 1000 Rcotition 980 Agi C hem 2 97( Phumicv 9b4 High Ind Slis—J V\ Poitci 5‘)2 Seaton 58 (iil 1 tns 578
C isoii 572
Personnel Motes Comp lilies schedukd ti visit the
c in pu
Gential 1 lectiic (ompinv bche nectadv Ntw Noil—Much 17 ml 18 Intel esttd in 4pi il liid Au..,ust
ME Eh
Pan bulks Mor-ic <V t impanj Bclo I Mis—yiuti 12 Iitcicstod
in ME
At the University’s airport, the scene of many previous pioneeiing aciial unclei takings, anothei ventiue has been started namely the Navy-WTS Flight Instructors’ School where 124 Naval officers are being tiained as potential flight mstiuc tors or ferry pilots Inauguiation of the Univeisity school, along with another school at Lockpoit, 111, both undei the direction of Lt Comdr Carl G Olson, officei m-chaige
Alpha Phi Omcfcn Ihc ( itloor meeting ht b been ehanj^e 1 t Wolneslay March 1 We amH me t nt the I ast ei ti r ee ot tl o Uni in at 7 pie Ircs i lo remin led to brin b xes boaid ind lop s 11 i will bo no pie l«:e meeting t Fi 1 > Act vos re rce 1 to ittei 1 th me ti t, GOSSWr IN
Scabbard and Blade Veiv h t b t im portant m ctini? I nda> March 1 at 1 la p m in room ‘^26 ot tl Ui oi RAIERT
of the Chicago Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Boaid, and thiec othei similar schools spotted over the country, maiks the first time that the N ivv his left its own holds Hi
flight instiuction ( Hsses Inci easing
J he Unive silv scliool w is lumchod 11st Nov mboi b when the fiist lb students lepoite 1 toi ti iin ing Since tint time the jiioioct then
p ogicssed 1 ipidh with new oclc woii
month cui ucuium which calls foi 57b houifa of giound school vvoik and fiom 140 to 155 houis of actual flight instiuctioii Poi puiposes ot instiuction thev hive been divided into i led wing and a blue wing the two wings alternating n flight md giound school
In&tiiictoi II lining
11 om pieliminuy tiainmg the
students piogiess into piccision niineuveis md iciobatics md aie
issignc 1 to cioss countiy The finil two months uc de
FRC With Navy or Marine Option Call at mj odie i U Ex e t ve B Min}., it y ir hist < 1 p rt nity ftti F id u noon M ich 1*^ f 1 in tiu tion w Ih leferenee to tian 1 fi m LRC Na v r Mai e C 1 KNAPl
Freshman Fiiffinocrs Second emest r frcbhman enRineers vl o cie not n at tenlanee it GI 2 mcetii k J ibl Saturdny sho Id c 11 at m\ ofl c in the rxceut\e B 1 llii K I f 1 I n Moi lav M r h 1 t ncliL t hoi c 1 eh 1 f r i xt t rn KNAl P
GF 1 Ihcr V 11 b I Sat rd ly M i ch 11
n c t 1 ff f GF 1 KNAPP
f C I 111 1 p( 1 c ig lx
pci cent ol tl c \ rm 1 ic n n n tice 1 cade IS while 0) 1\ fO j ri c it of the mill nc trial il st nm is iaf ah notices aie ciiiccintd J hi only place that women outi ink 1 c eds IS in the biaclct of occisicn al ’ notice icadc whcic thet h ivc 50 pci cent to the men s 3b pci l< 11
I'crtcntagc Patuic The f oll( w in„ fuui c centage picti i < 1 h
puneni i c uici
Sgx and
Page
Men, front page Women front page Men, third page Women hecond page Reatson toi ckuobing page Spurtb nu n Handiest, mixed News, mixed The Ratio, wom<n
Noliees
Alwajb Sometimes Never
Min
51%
i0% 10%
22 5 12 ) I'll
cent
22 ) 22 > 12 J 12 )
M omi n 30% 50% 20%
I c
rhese comp u ICS di nc pi in to visit the c impus hovvevci thev aie inteiestcd in students loi tmplov mont Hookei riectroehemical Co Ni igai 1 Ellis N Y—Intelcsted in Apiil Ol AUf,usl ChE Science (Chem niaioi) Sit,n in Peisonnel Office bv Situid v Ma ch lo Sun Oil Co Toledo Ohio—Intel csted in Apiil oi August ChE Chemists Sign in Poi soniiel Office bv Satmd ij M uch 1 x \lleu B W nslev C ompinv Chi cage) 111—Intciested m aniljlicil chemists (male mdfcinilo) J he C ooper Bessemer Coipoia tion Mt VciPon Ohio—Inteiestcd in VIE Sign in Pei onncl Office bv Satin cl IV VI uch 13 Rav O Vac C ompinv Vladison ■Wisconsin—Inteiested m ChE ML EE Sign n Peisonnel Offi c bv Sit uidiv Maich 20 Cities Sctvice Oil Co Bullc ville Ol 1 ihoma—Tnteiested in FE Science (Geologists phvsicists oi mathem itici ms) Sign in Peison nel Ofhee by Situicliy Maich 20 Holley Carbuictoi Companj De tioit Michig m—Inteiested in ME Sign in Peisonnel Office bv Situi (lav Maich 20
g itions ot tl unees elected fiom vctccl 1 civilnns who hive ilicidv won stiucloi
then piivitc )iilot s license oi N iv il office! s who hive ipphed In the li lining u i ivmg it the iiipoit cvei V mot th The ])iosont 12-1 tl 111 ecs uc expected 11 cvcnlu illv totil -00 IS i new clissci ippioxi m tch uhntv students will iiiiv
(11 the ciniius cull month One Vlonfli Couist Eiist
I 1 dc I t V ettei LSNP officci in ch 11 gc 1 n itioii illy 1 i own iv 11 toi VMitei mil vctci in pilot the N vy has comiiletc chugc ml luiiscliction ovei the ti uncos who lie quuteied in the Lnion Upon iiuvil on the c unpus the men lie fiist tssigncd to 1 one month com sc 11 navil indoctiin ition which in eludes the f und imcnt ils c I miht u v
dull md iiavil legulitio s
Follow in„ inciocli n ition the )n tci tl il instiictois 111(1 fciiv pilots uc stilted on then iigoious six
,clv to tiaining as in I ollovving the completion
1 Ihcu Umvcisity ti lining the stu Icnts v\ 11 Ic sent to a Naval IV ilion 1 i f 11 1 hn il check be Icic thev lie iw udod then wings
i Na\ il Vvi itc IS CtI iduation VI i\ 1
C 1 ulu ition cxcicises loi the fust
bcabl ard and Blade Dance Committee Thcic \ ill b i m ct 11, I r d y March 12 n 1 om 3( of th Un n t 1 1 i m loi mor 1 1 1 (h 1 m tt onl RM I R1
Classified Ads
1 u]i ol t I iiGos UC expected to
Tspewntcra A Id np m ich ncs all makGS ol 1 r 1 t 1 1 I i r 1 1 I icha 1 M me
T Ebor ho(F bOo M n
hcl1 he1C
thh
uound M IV 1 iscb lollovvmg
with L f y tie 11 o
Money to Loan p: n 1 J? e on CO 10 Col mbii
)n 1 amends wat hes . r tcib Alb rt s Loan
Motices
Need Roon P t 1 1 U
rd —I y inter ic tl c Intcrmt n
ill A r r W S t
I btre t rii r li
AU Worn St dtnl
tl
ri r'l lot rl J 1
C 1
ll
till
1 1 It nit. I ater I I ul I I t & r
Wanted—\o t, n n I
M St k t I
1 n Dl
I ost—SI I 111 1 Ik t f It lot I II WEH W
b I) VV
VlpI 1 It I la Iltll-
Tan I ilf Id I si t 1
Army
r
( Ic nd t I
Essay
(Con ni c 1 ll om ]) ige 1) tional Sccictuv of the \outh Com mittec his titcl Recjuircmcnls VIi s Clul out nuod It houl 1 envision the 1 ind of society md in toi nation ll oi lei tint vouth w nts and the obst teles th it m iv picvei t the leilizitioi c f tl it socictv ml th it woilcl oidei It houltl offci definite suggest] ns ii I s 1 t i tl these iiioblcm I he V I 1 g ( s sh 11 c\ c ll 'Ils ( 1 u 1 i\ the i xtent t ) W Inch 111 „ I c 1 I f iici K 1 i\c 1 u 1 Cl 1 i p I loins h n c th lie mi i c sh She 1 licvcs th ll th( voting ticcjilt il Vnioiic uc 1 it ,,0111.., t I c s it Ik I \ uh V mi c I Cl ll tic u w ill \ I t the tl I f u 1 1 iti 111 1 f 1 V h c h 1 I 111 1 the 11 I 111
(Continued fioiii ])a.,c 1) ci\ c md cl itc wi u in tiucloi Ot S litc isiimbv 1 self ippointc I sell govc nig cl sell jiiu ng honoi “-vatem Re il icsponsibih tics of ofhcci c m ll 1 itcs uc rllcci of cl IV chugc ot quiitcis section m VI die squ i 1 k iclci s pi itoon Icadcis uicI company commandcis AlrhoUt,h the litc it OCS is tough md ictivtics Icul to the success lul scicen ng of the 5 to ^0 pci cci t. Ill c ich cl i s who lie unht to be u the bill Icn ot Iculci h p it clocsn t tile 1 supcimui to ;.,ct thiough
OGS
( hoice Of 1 1 anch
Vftci tic initiil Li„ht vcels tl uiinif, his been siiccesslulh com plctccl the (Incci c meld itc m ly clioose when conditions pc imit one 1 tlic lollnwng spcciilizcd hi inches i nmui tion utilleiv ui t mot VC vvl cilc 1 V hides utoiiio IVC t ml Ul ition oi In inco
CO 1 u 1 1 ip office
Duiin the time vou uc it school \ Ol 1 1 spe I lb 1 t cs \ 11 1 c 1 L ll 1 111 tl c mil Lit ot u nv ll I hci c will he 1 pc ol 1 led 11 it / itioi V ou 1 c ( ng 1 st 1 t (11 VV uh i
C amor'' Clul
Everything for a College Edutalion DEAC’S
1 1 I I ll W t D I
IKA VI tl f
btOCi MVXf ll I r
l u Dl I OXt
All Iia I ami da 1 1 t 1 i I i
II I
KR C S
tl o
ion
1 no I n B I
r 1
C ri 1 I il
11 1
tl > 1
ill
C IS 1) > t th n t r I KIOEDVN
nine CI I Si II i.
Jiidation Mtml i II 1 1 1 I 1 I th I tic
ni c u m
S tl D Sm th ft
sink I VI tl
in ED t 1 tl
Ah h 1
I IHlli I I I I I r
I 1 tl c 1 t 1 ic 11 itic 1 i
1 1
V it
I w 11 n ( I c il
d r I In II t
I 1 I I C OI 1
I I St dti( 1 I
I
1 th I tl
st ite 1 th it til t
111 1
I ll (
\ u v\ 11 1
ill l
Ih I g I lilt
1 f
1 1
I out’
1 1 I h 1
lit ] til
A
handsome young ice-
man, Jack Frost,
Said—“War is a terrible
cost.
And yet it’s far littler Than bowing to Hitler And letting our Freedom be lost’”
Your county can help freeae out the Axis by reaching ita War Bond quoto Be sure you do your share • put 10% of your earnings into , War Bonds and Stamps U S 1 reasury Dept
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
Marine Reserves Al! me 11 ei ot the Ma 1 c RcbCi ts bl lid tali it my ft cc in Ic Fxcc t t B i!d nf, bef r Mond i> M r h 1 I I 1 ly c 11 n li 11 r q Lbt I b> tl c M ir e C i H i 1 i tor I NAPP
‘Why don’t you confe ovei toi dinner some night—by the way aie jou meat eaters oi coffee diinkeis*^”
University Calendar
Friday, March 12
4 00 P 8 00 P 8 30 P
C 30 P 7 00 P 8 00 P SOP 8 d) h 8 jO P
Cosniopolitm Club PI iV^sl op Aiscii c md Old L ICC IA 4 riiid Saturday, Match t hil 1 Stuclv Gioup—Dinnci Sc ibb ud Ll ulc Initi ition PI IV hop Viscnic md Old L ICC N i\ V D mci? Student t o c p 1) iicc VIixc
Room 304 Union I liz i Eovvlei Hall No Ballioom Union.
13 Rms 355 363 Union 4imoiy h ll/1 Eovvlei Hall So Ballioom Union L h iculty Lgc Union No Ballioom Union
DO O
Pepsi Cola Company, Long Llond City, N Y Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlersj COCA COLA BOTTLING CO
Lafayette, Ind.
6th and Salem Sts
irmwMMiainwni
Pet
cent
10
w
PINCH HITTING
!!
provide
more woolens for the armed forces.
To make your clothes ''go faithct” ha\c diem Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quantities of wool goods ate needed in the military set vice.
\ SWJ MlR and \ CMinit i 1 akt a( fht i ifavtfte I Stci ling lidllow ai
4 S4K()N(, VND \ 1 1 1 K \ J>()() J'V’'(i xing Puilcftc (.oddud Doiotliv I unoiii in I'ai unount s ill xl u (iiildid niusu il coniidv St u Spuiglcd Rh (hni whitli is now htalit ihc nunilKi of hilmoush Inn lisqucd bv Villuii liiiclici MaKci ( itlctl uul
0ROWII
AUHDRY
riNE DHY (LE4ISIN(,
llitic aie inoic tlian loilv sfUs in (lit film