r CIS. ,1- V ^ w I ft €i r ^ " r^ssives
Electfoi; i66l Ydtes Cdst Bob Btallings, 'Progressive candidate, was elected president of Green Potters at itlie election hdld yesterday in the Union. Otheir‘Officers elected were {Tim Tilton, vice-president; Judd Vear, secretary; and Hike Gallucci, treasurer. All the newly-elected officers are members of the Progressive party. Complete results as axmounced . .
Parent Institute Inds h Sitiudi Speaks
ffiiNidrition
De^H^Mary L. Matthews, of the
cKool oj
by the Student Senate,, which conducted the election are as follows: Stallings defeated Geoi^ge Slater, 460 to 198; Tilton won aver Richard Weltz, 463 to 204; John Wooling lost to Vear, 461 to 198; pnd Gallucci defeated Bob Marshall, 439 to 218. K total of i661 votes were oast in the election. This is the largest number of votes ever cast in this election. , ^
The winning candidates hav^ school of home economics, was in pledged themselves to promote a charge of the conference of the Parsuccessful Green Potter’s dance and ents’ Institute, ’held'in cooperation an organized pot-burning for the with the Indiana Congress of Parclass tof ’45 which they represent, ents and Teachers which closed here
yesterday morning. Theme of the final session was “Youth in the
Community.”
Closing address of the conference was given by Dr. Cecilia Schuck of the home economics staff, who spoke of the two major catastrophies that have caused the present 'nutrition
U. S. S. Indiana, newest addition problem in this country, to the Navy’s sea power, will be Nutrition Program,
officially launched and christened Miss Schuck said, “While AmerFriday morning, Nov. 21, at Nor- is the best fed nation in the folk, Virginia. Governor Shricker s there exists an unquestiondaughter, Mr'S. C. V. Robbins, will gfile need for the nutritional im^ break the champagne bottle on the provement of a large part of our bow of the vessel as it slides down population. The causes for this are the ways. financial depression of the early A special program describing the thirties, and the present threat of event will be cai'ried by WBAA -war.” She further explained the nafrom 9:30 to 10 a. m. on the morn- tion-wide nutrition program being ing of the launching. This program cai’ried out by the Agricultural Exwill be made possible .through ar- tension Service and various govern-
rangements ,made with Eugene niental agencies.
Pulliam of Indianapolis, owner pf
y/BAA To Bmadcast
Navy Battleship
Launching
station WIRE, which will have a
“Balancing the needs of the older-
„ T j- V X TVT i* n younger children of a family” was wire from Indianapolis to Norfolk L f . j t. t-. n/r fnr thp PvpTif discussed by pr. Mary
for the event,
The new battleship, built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and DrydocTc Company, will be one of" the largest ships in the world. The 760-foot craft will have a complement of over 1,600 men and officers. Its nine fO-inph guns will be able to'huliLa ten-ton broadside 20 miles. Maiiy/dignitaries are expected.to attend the ceremony in which the University band has also been invited to participate. Because of the
expense, it is doubtful whether the XnfflVprC
Gutteridge of the Merrill-Palmer School and Wayne University staff of Detroit, Michigan. Dr. Gutteridge pointed out that family union may be obtained through hobbies, affection, family council, planning holidays and vacations together, as well as working together at all times, c.h. Giesel Demonstrates
Debris Presents AfMyi^ame 194^ Cover
Design
Design for the 1942 Debris cover thas been completed, it was made known last night by editor Bill Hayt. Contract for making the binding was given to the Kingsport, Tennessee Publishing Co. Hayt has promised something new in the way of Debris cover designs this year, stressing the addition of an outstanding paper cover which is to’be made in dark brown with a high-lighted silhouette of a boy and girl on the front. ■Binding Of Monk .Cloth The binding .will he made of Monk cloth, a cloth resembling burlap but somewhat finer in texture. Background of the cover will be a somber blue, high-lighted with a splash of egg-shell color resembling the hasty sweep of a painter’s brush.
Spirit Of Purdue
On the egg-shell colored space there will appear various figures ’ which, according to Hayt, will symbolize the spirit of the University. There will be a similar patch of color in the middle of the hack of the binding with “Debris 1942” and the volume number woi’ked out in script. No other printed matter will appear on the cover with tSe exception of “Purdue University,” which will run the length of the back of
the binding.
Tl^me Is Identification Theme for the book this year will be the identification of every face, including not only ^hose appearing in the organized group pictures, but also the unposed and “mob” pictures. Lettering of the title and cover pages will be carried out in a semi-modern script. The Kingsport Publishing Co. will follow the regular procedure of presenting a portfolio to seniors who have been outstanding in some cam-
pus activity.
Sand Plans Pormaf'lons Honoring Defense Day Two hundred and sixty enlisted men and officers traveling in 18 trucks will arrive in'West Lafayette from Port 'Benjamin Harrison at noon .tomorrow to join in the special National Defense Day program honoring the fhthers of University students, and the United States
Army.
Tribute will be paid to the Army and to the dads by the band at the pre-game and half-time formations of the Michigan State football game. The' men from Fort Benjamin Harrison will fall in behind the band at the entrance of the stadium and will take up a position south of the flagpole while the band is going through the first part of its formations before the game. Patriotic Music The band will play “America,” and then while the flag is being raised, 'they will play the “Star Spangled Banner.” Short speeches by Pres. E. C. Elliott and Col. W. S. Drysdale will follow. The band will then proceed with its sequence of
formations.
Pre-game formations rehlain fundamentally unchanged except for the tribute to the army, but the half-time maneuvers are designed to welcome the dads to whom the day is dedicated. 0f particular intei'est will be the disk formations which were used with success at the Ohio State and Iowa games. New Maneuver 'Variations A new variation of the maneuver has been deyised to apply to this particular game. This and other new formations are now being perfected on the band’s practice gridiron west of Cary Halls, r.w.b.
ISnMt flin ita
tbneaOm 7,1941
'H!iji”ve'iji
Russ Morgan
Nuirition kbool Hears Livestock Feeds
Discussiofls
Ppogram Will include Taps, Firing Of Satufe Prof. V. L. Albjerg, of the department of history, economics, and government, will be the speaker at the annual Armistice Day program observance of the 'University next Tuesday, it was announced yester-
San Francisco, Hotel Pennsylvania, New York; Roosevelt Hotel, Ne'.v Orleans; and the Beverly Hills Country Club in Newport, Ky. The band has appeared 'in several films and on many radio programs, including two years en the Phillip
Morris, program.
Morgan Sings, Arranges Morgan himself is a vcisalilc niusician and sings with the band as well us doing the arranging and playing the piano, guitar and trombone. Best known recoidirg of the band is ,their theme, “Docs Your Heart Beat for Me?” Regular -name band mixer price of $1^50 will prevail ioi the dance.
day by Presi^lpt E. C. Elliott. As The-backdi'op will be featuied by J.1 i J.1 -I, a modernistic design in nahtel
modernistic shades, p.g.h.
pastel
Annual Univemty Horticultural Exhibit Opens Today; Features Many Displays
band will make the trip. p,g. Flower Display Will Show Many Variefies Sunday Several varieties of flowers, giown here for use in teaching floriculture, will be on display throughout the 13th annual Muck Crops show at LaPorte, November 12 to 17. Floriculture is an important part of the University hortieulture department. The Muck Crops Show and Flowcf Display will be open at 1 p. m. Sunday to visitors at the Civic
Auditorium, r.w.b.
Demonstrations of metal spray equipment will be given by Robert L. Giesel of the Metallizing Engineering Company of Chicago tomorrow morning in the machine shops of Michael Golden Shops. Three demonstrations will be given, at 9, 10, and 11 a. ni. The process makes use of an oxyacetylene flame and a compressed air jet to blow the melted coatingmaterial onto a surface. It can be used for coating surfaces to prevent corrosion and for building up worn surfaces, w.e.r.
By J. D. Smith ^ Hundreds of entries have been pouring in duiing the past few days for exhibition at the twenty-first annual University Horticultural Show which opens this afternoon in the Horticulture Building and continues through Sunday. The show is entirely student managed, and will include vegetable, flower, fruit and nut displays| According to the managers of the different shows the entries this year are expected to surpass all previous shows. Many Displays Sent In Displays are being sent by 4-H club members, housewives and schools, as well as commercial growers. In order that competition will be on a fair basis, the commit-
Look At The Personal Side . . lorler Director df Uhidii Show Thai's Life'
tee has divided the different classes into groups. More than 200 high school students as well as 4-iH club members are expected tomorrow to take part in the apple and vegetable judging and identification contests. Twentyfour Hoosier towns have already sent in applications, and more than 34 teams are expected for these contests. During the afternoon they will be guests of the University at the annual Dads’ Day football game with Michigan State. New Features This Year Shadow boxes and three dimensional pictures using flowers will be featured this year for the first time. Another feature will be a display presenting a bride at her wedding breakfast. The bride will be a model and the- flowers will be real. The nut show which will be the fourth annual show of its type has been held each year to discover hardier and better varieties of nuts for propagation. School Heads Meet For Conference
By Art Hunter Of the multitude of activities featured throughout Dads’ Day week-end, the 1941 Union show, “That’s Life,” offers the tops in the entertainment field. Entirely written, produced and directed by University students, .this year’s show is the third of its kind— “Everything But Onions” and “Harem Soarem” being presented last year-,—and plans have been formulated to make the show an anmial /Dads’ Day presentation. * At this time we thought 'that we might review a few of‘the personalities connected with the show, giving the names, weights, positions, and telephone numbers of these players. Walls Carries Burden Naturally, heading our list is pror ducer-diiector Willis T. Wells, Beta Theta Pi, upon whose shoulders rests 'the main burden of responsibility for the show’s success. Weills, who acted in a similar capacity during last year’s Union productions, graduated in the Science School last June and is back this -semester majoring in a two-fpld course, one concerned with a degree in "Mechanical Engineering
and the other with “That’s Life.” In the main feminine lead Betty Wedge turns out one of the better performances of the play in her portrayal of a saucy campus coed. Betty, who ,is only a sophomore, appeared prominently in the Varsity Show of last spring and is a Kappa Kappa Gamma., Bob ‘Joes’ 90 Minutes Playing opposite Betty is Bob “I Came, to School to Study” Stainbaugh, who starred’in the last two Union presentations and this year “joes” his way thiough the entire 90/ minutes in fine style. Bob, a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity, plans to graduate this June in the School of Chemical Engmeoiing. One of the othei more inteiesting members of the cast is Jane “Sweater Girl” Robinson, who gives out with a very convicing portrayal of Violet, a sweet demure young lady of the Gay Nineties. Jane is a member of the Pi Beta Phi sorority and has been aroiyid this University now for over two years, being a junior in the Home Economics School. Plays Opposite Jane John Swonsen happens to be the
fortunate lad cast with Jane and in their two court-ship scenes emits with a justly inspired performance. John, a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity, is a sophomore Metallurgical Engineer and is taking part in his first Union production. This article would not be complete without mention pf Iiv Given and his band which provides the music for the occasion. Irv’s band in the two years of its present organization has come to the top in lanking on the campus and is a welcome addition to this year’s show. With songstress Jo Friend singing “Those Little Things in Life I Love” and arranger Clint Brown hitting the hot licks on his trumpet, Irv ,and the boys add the finishing touches to “That’s Life.” Now For The Chorus As to' the clowns of the show, we shall let the following notice, recently released by the Union publicity office, speak for itself: “The members of the Union Show Cast wish to warn the audience that there will be various bits of nonsense, directly traceable to Frenchie iLeinweber and Bob Adams. The use of firearms (under 166 m.m.) is permitted.”
Tomorrow
Members of the Northern Indiana 'Secondary School Principals’ Club will meet here in the Home Economics Auditorium tomorrow for a one-day conference concerning secondary school problems. School administiators, who attended the principals’ and supeiintendents’ workshop which was held here last summer, will also attend. Dr. George W. Davis, of the division of education and applied psychology, is in charge of the conference. Dr. Davis heads the work m teacher placement for the University. Will Deliver Address Di. Paul Rehmers, super intendent of schools at Lakewood, Ohio, ■will ’deliver the principal address at 9:30 a. m. on “New Frontiers in Education.” Dr, Rehmers was in charge of the woikshop last summer and will be in charge of a similar project here this summer. Following a luncheon at noon the entire group will attend the Pur-due-Michigan State game. Prom 110 to 120 persons are expected to attend these education sessions. p(s.
Second Annual Nutrition School is now being held in the Memorial Union Building for feed salesmen, dealers, and elevator men who are reviewing the latest scientific data on livestock feeds. Today’s meeting will start at 9 o’clock this morning when there will be infoimal conferences in the Poultiy building, the Agricultural Expel iment Station, and Smith
Hall.
Dr. D. M. Doty, acting head of the agricultuial chemistry department, and Dr. W. V. Lambert, of the Agricultural Experiment Station, presided at the opening meetings of the school yesterday. Sale, 'Others Speak Pied K. Sale of Indianapolis, secretary of the Indiana Grain Dealers Association, discussed the nutrition school in its relation to feed salesmen. Other speakers at yesterday’s meeting were Dr. F. Bi Morrison of Cornell University; P: B. Curtis of the State Chemist’s Office here; Prof. J. H. Hilton, of the dairy department; Dr. L. P. Doyle of the veterinary department; Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury of the agricultuial chemistry department; and Prof. C. W. Cairick, of-poultry department. Donham Serves As Toastmaster At a dinner held last night in the Union Building Dr. C. R. Donham, head of the veterinary department, served as toastmaster. Principal speaker was Prof. Frank R. Hall of the history, economics and government department, t.m.s.
Dads’ Day Tickets
Approximately 200 tickets in the Dads’ section for Michigan State game tomorrow are still available. The block being sold includes Sections 4 and 5, located between the 30 and 40 yard lines on the Michigan State-side. There are 300 tickets available in Sec-
tion 4.
These tickets may be obtained at the Fieldhouse until the supply is exhausted. Price of these tickets is $2.50; students who have already bought the regular $2.50 tickets for seats not in the Dads’ Day block may exchange them for tickets in the special section. ' Any student who has not turned in coupon No. 3 of his passport may obtain a seat in this section by adding 23 cents for government tax. No regular student tickets may be exchanged, e.h.a. Forensic Board . . . managers held a barbeque last night at 5 p. m. in back of the stadium. Charepones for the first get-together of the year were Prof, and Mrs. P. E. Lull and Mr. and Mr.s. R. M. Horn.
Vocational Guidance
Groups To ^eei On Nov. 14-15
Vocational guidance with the problems N it presents before higti schools, colleges, imiversities and industry will be the topic of tlm ga-
in the past years, the program >will be held in the Great Hall of the Union Building, starting at 10:68 a. m. and lasting not more than 20
minutes.
The sounding of the bugle will
start the informal, commemorative observance, and the firing of the national salute by the Purdue Order of Military Merit will follow at exactly 11. The battery of French 75’s will be placed in front of the Ufii-
vqrsity library. ' POMM Will Place Wreath
A wreath honoring the memory nual guidance conference which will of the University’s World War dead, be held here next Friday and Satthe names on the bronze memorial urday. This conference, spoiKsoied tablet in the Union Building, will by the University division of educabe placed by the same organization, tion and applied psychology and the composed of students taking the Indiana Kiwanis Clubs, is expected advanced military courses. Roscoe to attract several hundred persons B. Starek, president of the ^tudent interested in this type of woik. Union, will read the names of homes Prominent Guests of those on the tablet and Prof. Alb- Among the prominent guests v ill jerg will speak on the topic “The be Dr. Roscoe Pulliam, piesideat of Nightmares of the Unknown Sol- Southern Illinois Normal Univerdiers,” The soundingy of taps will sity, who -will be the banquet speakconclude the exercises. er the evening of Nov. 14. Pres. E. The entire program, which will C.Elliott of the University will welbe broadcast over WBAA, is open come the visitors to the campus, to students, fac^ulty, and townspeo- Meetings In Faculty Lounge pie, but all who intend to go must During the two-day meeting the be in the Union before the program chief theme will be the education
of youth along vocational lines. Most of these meetings will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union.
Thrfse on the conference commit-
tee include Prof. Muriel G. McFarland and Prof. H. H. Remmers, chairman, both of division of educa-
tion and applied psychology, w.s.
starts.
Pedestrians Will Pause
The general campus observation will be the same as in past years with all pedestrians on the campus stopping wherever they are for a moment of silence during the firing of salute. All classes will pause in their work while the salute is being given, thus marking genei’al cessation of all campus activities for the
two minutes of respect.
John W. Wuethrich . . . former University student, was commissioned a lieutenant in the Army Air Corps last Friday upon completion of his training at
Brooks Field, Texas.
Sports Edition All sports men as well as all editorial freshmen and sophomores scheduled to work Saturday, Nov. 8, should be present. Please report to the Union immediately after the fQotfaall game. —Ruffner.
Have UmbreHas On Our Campus Been Outmt^edBy Reversibles?
By Eleanor VansicKle We know that the weather takes an awful beating as a subject of conversation, and there have been gags and stories galore about ram on campus. Saying has it that a raincoat and a slide rule are essentials, and that the slide rule isn’t always needed. It used to be that an umbrella should have been included, too, for on drizzly days they seeem to pop up like mushrooms-on the crowded campus walks. Styles Have Changed But that was two or three years ago, and alas, styles seem to change in moisture protectors as much as in dress lengths. The good old standby has suffered a blow. Now a good portion of the fairer sex trudge to class in a variety of reversibles with shoulders hunched, hands in pockets, and a peasant scarf tied unromantically under their chin—not to mention the boots which our physiology professor was heard to ridi-
m mil Play
aniae
' Mixer Tp Feature 1939 Prom Band In Balh'ooms From 9-12 Russ Morgan and Jiis band will furnish “Music in the Morgan Manner” for the Dads’ Day mixer in the -Union ballrooms
tonight from 9 to 12.
Th? band, which played here for the 1939 Junior Prom, features Phyllis Lynpe, George Henry, Glarence Miller and Jana. Outstanding voc^st^ are-Carol Kay, Jimmy Lewis and Pvaul.Koherts. Engagements played by the outfit include the , ■ II Chez Paree, Chicago; Palace Hotel,
Albjerf WHI
At kfmke Iky
cule on the basis that water would only drip off the raincoats into the boots. Nowadays there are fewer open umbrellas drying on the porches, profs get papers with wet edges, and the fellow in the next seat sees the real thing as powder vanishes and damp or di'ooping curls prevail. Ugh! These Reversibles It’s true that calamities do haiipen when a capricious wind gets behind a favorite umbrella or the theater seat comes down on it, hut have you ever tried to carry an armload of buolts inside a leversible— or to get a reveisible dry on axiamp day—or to look like a poised, successful student at a confeience >tf» which you went in a iqversiblo and a downpour'? Here’s to a return to more upibiellas — there’s, nothing better when it rains than to meet a housemate who still carries one!^iJlGbod.,.Neighborliness Begins At Home
Wh'' li s<>eins as if someone is always asking ^ peoi^lo ul th(' United States to contribute -^nonoy lo any one of' a number of causee?.. ; '.rboy are asked to give- to the Red Crdss; ' V*. British, Greekv Polish and French war reliefs; United ^Service Organizations; etc. In .fact, y e‘rc. so bn.sy donating money for the unfor-
w'e forget those people
: here at home who are badly in need of our
■hdyi.' ' ■ ■
It's i rue that there are people starving in Etuopi / and that the European countries look to tho United States for food, clothing, ■ and modidne. There are countless organizations vdaose sole purpose is sending aid t w.hroad, and many are devoting all of their : time to mc'thods of getting help to France, t'reece. Poland, and Norway. The people of
America have already contributed much for foreign war relief, and they will be called on
to give more in the future.
■We’ll agree that this help that is being sent abroad is necessary, but no one can deny that there are many people starving right here in the good old United States. There are mih lions of injured workers, unemployables, and aged that are just as unfortunate and as needy as those in Europe. However, few people and organizations are interested in procuring aid for their fellow citizens. The local Community Chest is now in the midst of its annual drive to get Americans to aid Americans; contributions to the Chest will be used to help our neighbors. Surely, we should help Europeans, but we shouldn’t become so interested in their welfare that we forget those in our own back yard.
Addresses f/ft/i ^reeii Reviev/ Ta» Bela Pi Memters
Praise For Spotts
'■ Pui trilinl of ;!ne (if I I'C bokih
dv!.o
•.fudents, grads and music lovers whore must have been pleased by the o ynrid to Paul Spotts Emrick, directo? • Uniy ersity’s military band. A porti'ait ’\:et eran band leader, painted by Ran('oates, was presented to the University ' receut homecoming celebratin by alum20 liarl followed Mr. Emrick’s baton e student days. He has made life richer
for those who appreciated musicmnorc after qualifying for the band. That benefit lasted for years after tootling at football games and other university affairs had become fond memories. The musical rating of Purdue’s band is exceptionally high and the portrait serves as a timely reminder of the credit which goes to the director.—Indianapolis Star.
iiY" €0'
By Drew Pearson a;’.d Robert S. Allen
US Sends Own Vessels Uvto War Zone Because Of Lack Of British Men ineion, Nov. 6.;—Admiral i ,-' i.ar.'i. Repnblic-an chairman ?.i:2vitime Commission, was b,. on Capitol Hill in exeV ion regarding' the rear; ':!ri,r arming’ U. S. merchant
io.!!?' olher things, he was tell-^^egri'si-incn why Danish, ItaliMi A\i5 si]ijiH.seized in AmcrP'oi s bad been placed under 1'aiiaiitaiiian hag instead of i'.ii'iicd oyer to the British i 'an a;-; Icase-lend vessels. The ;i, Adniirid Iiand said, was i!K' United Slates wanted to ] e imrnl ovci' the ships. And they g'ot to Liverpool, if runini'ic')' the British flag’, the 'i. .Stales rnirdit not be able V v.iieve they should sail next, i hi;l bn.uight. a mild protest :ii lievcra! mcmbcr.s of Cons Jifi remarked that it was ait e-' V. (• couldn’t trust our '■e.-iend .Allies. . ' '.itn.iral Land also di;3coursed a, porpprtcd plan to arm U. 8. .t( irant ships with “ash-cans” ;ith iKinibs), which, explod- ; unti'T Ihc water, .slialic loose I tales <d' a .submarine by i' l'i’.aier percussion. Vi '.', ;ird, Cong'ressman Charlc’s e>f Illinois, wh'o is an old -’-li'.nn U iend of Land, took the 's.m! .‘!'sine anti said: ' iii.Te, Je.iry, v/h.y do you ;... advantage of these mil)'.',('.el Congi'es.smen who I'l !.''’] near tidewater? You II 'srecily Well that if one of ■■ :. iyDucklings’ (latest type b titi 'Shij)) dropjied an ‘ash- (]\! I'boai'd her stern would be e <dr.” ' ' lie Jtie.Pi'oyers are able to
drop depth bombs because their high speed, arouod 8(1 knots, permits them to get away before:the bomb explodes. Most merchant ships, howevt)', travel too slowly to get away. Real facts about arming U. S. merchant ships have been confused in a welter of debate. But here is the situation as near as we can get it. There is no distrust of the British regarding' the futui'e routing of our .ships or Panamanian ships if placed'under the British flag. The chief reason for sending U. S. ships into the war zone under the American flag is that the British are getting hard lip for crews. Thousands of tons of British shipping have been sunk, and with them, thousands • of Briti.sh seamen. Especially lacking today are engineers. Deck hands arc not hard to get. Bu|; many Icasc-lcnd cargoes have, been held up a few days in recent weeks waiting for British crews. Because of this scarcity, Panamanian ships have been manned by checkerboard crews of various nationalities. Another reason for sending American .ships into the’war zone i,s efficiency of operation. It is a tough job to find the riglit ships these days to carry heavy tanks^ which cannot be easily hoisted into the holds of small vessels. A British or Panamanian ship large enough for this is not always available. Six Guns Per Ship However, the arming of . American ships, any. way you look at it, is a mixed blessing. Many of the guns to be mounted were either built or designed in 1902, the type used on U. S; ships during the 'Woi'ld 'War. However, they: are good guns for submarine shooting, and in addition the ships v/ill cai'r,v anti-aii’craft guns and four heavy machine guns to protect them.from . dive-bomber,s. , The biggest U. 8. inCrcliant .ships will carry 4-inch and up to .l-inch guns, depending on whether they have reinforced decks. World War ships still have reinforced after-decks, while all new LI. 8. ships built since 19,36 carry reinforced decks both fore and a/t. Without these reinforced decks, (he pcrcus.sion from a .'i-incli gun would shake open the seams of the ordinary merchant ve.ssel. At present the Nav,y has on hand about 400 guns, which will arm approximately 200 .ships out of the total U. S. merchant marine of 1,200 ships. However, the great majority of our merchant marine is used in coastwise trade, the Gulf, the Carib-
Will Meet Tomorrow Toinorrow the members of the Michigan State Alumni Club of Indiana will meet in the Union ballroom for their annual luncheon. Along with the alumni, the Michigan State band of 100 members, who will appear between halves of the Michigan State football game, will meet at the luncheon. Rogers Carlisle, president of the Michigan State College Alumni Club of Indiana, will pre.sidc over the luncheon. Guests at the meeting will be Pres. E. C. Elliott, Pres. John A. Hannah of Michigan State, and Glen 0, Stewart, director of aliimiii relations at Michigan State. Reservations for this luncheon can be made through Bert Krantz, of the agronomy dciiartment and secretary of the club, d.w.o. bean .and South American waters. Two hundred armed ships, it is figured will be enough for the time being. ’ The armament on these will be sufficient to cope with any submarine in the summer months. In the winter, however, with poor visibility, heavy fog. and long hours 1 of twilight in will be a tough job. The main problem is to see the subma-
rine.
PagiiBg The Vice-Presjdesit' Louis H. Harris, one of the executives in the Office of Price Adminisstration, was ti-ying to phone the: Vicc'-President of the United States, who is head of two defense agencies. To locate him Hari’is called the White House operator. After several minutes of delay, she came back with this harassed query: “Are you sure there’s a Henry Wallace who. works hci'e?” Army Waste If other Army camps are like Camp Meade, Maryland, tlie Army is throwing away enough g'ood food to Iced a large section of starving. Europe. The hog farmer who collects Meade’s garbag'e foLiml, the other day, that a large box of fresh (ish had been set out for garbage collection. He asked the cook if there was some mistake. “No, there’s no .mistake. We served fish and there was that much left over. It’s not enough for another meal, so wc have to throw it
out.”
Anotlier time, when the men left camp for maneuvers, 150 pounds of butter were thrown away as gai'-
bage.
(Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
To Conference Title Minnesota seems to have a pretty good grip on the Bl.g Ten grid.title for the 1941 season. They’ve' won three out of three conference scraps for a perfect average so far; and its written in “dope” that her last two conference frays, against Iowa and Wisconsin, will also fall to Gopher credit. Tomorrow Minnesota meets an out of conference foe, Nebraska; so she rests on her laurels in top place, as far as the conference is concerned, till her tilt with Iowa the week following the Nebraska gaine. Minnesota and Purdue are the only two teams to jilay non-confer-ence games tomorrow. The Boiler'makers inect Michi*an State, Indi-' ana takes a crack al. Northwestern, Illinois and Iowa clash, and Ohio State entertains Wi«ronsin. Upsets Possible Dope and the schedules seem to jibe toward an increase in the lead of the teams already ahead in the conference .rxice, but the dope Inieket is always . subject. to considerable mistreatinent. The Boilermakers, pending the return of co-captaih Tommy Melton, are liable to give the Spartans the surprise of their season tomori'o.w. The Indiana-lNortliwestern game will be featuring .two top notch sopliomores of the year at theii' best—Otto Graham of Northwestern and Billy liillenbrand of Indi-ana-—aiul an upset here is more than
likel.y.
Bill piehl and Gene Curran, veteran guards are question marks in the Iowa lineup in regard to the Illinois game; and the WiseorisinOhio State game will find six sophor mores in the starting lineup for the Badgers. . BIG TEN STANDINGS W L T TP OP Minnesota ..3 0 0 49 13 Michigan 3 1 0 40 14 Wisconsin 2 , 1 0 (i4 66 Northwestern 2 2 0 .69 43 Purdue .1 1 0 2t 22 Ohio State 1 I 0 ■ 23 28 ,, .......1 3 0 19 Indiana : 0 2. 0. 32 4() Illinois :.....0 2 0 (i 54
IM Scliedule
TOUGHBAI.L Todny I Ward 28 vs. AW'inl 11. OHicial: Gl.-iv.cr Ward 8 vs. Ward 10. OlVirij)!: 'I’ulin. AVard 27 vs. Ward ed. On'icial : (.^)o))or Delta Chi vs. Alpha CJannna Rim. OU ficial: Stephans. AVard 12 vs. Ward 24. OiVicial: Daldauf. ■ ' . . Ward 22 vs. .Ward ‘HI. OH'ioial: Moyor Ward 2o vs.-Ward 2'). OiVicial: 'I’cpas Theta Tau vs. jiAlpha Tau Onioy.a. Official; Bolt. Triangle vs. Beta Sigma T’si. OiVicial Rarforty. Sigma Alpha- rbp.dloti vs. Alidia (.di Rho. OlVitdiil: .Itmos. Phi, [sa?)))a'. S.igma vs. J*hi Kappa. Of’ ficial; Old.s.
“State universities are the places which must take the initiative in turning out well-balanced individuals,” said Prof. Charles Murphy of the history staff, Wednesday night as he addressed Tau Beta Pi members at their fall initiation banquet. He went on to point out thal uni-; versities must not become servants of a state in turning out technically trained men to become cogs of a highly geared production machine. Men become tired working long hours in factories and go home to light music and relaxation instead of giving serious thought to problems facing this country, a democI’acy. Men must think to make a successful ilcmoeracy. He pointed out that niost inventions have come out of neighborhoods where many people are giving tliought.to a particular problem. Advancements are the result of the thinking of many
people. .
“We are so anxious to get through in an’easy superficial way,” he said, mentioning the preference of most people foi' superficial histories rather than histories based oh years of study. “We want our knowledge in easy little bundles.” : ' Preceding the speaker the presentation of an engineering handbook was made by W. J. Bprns to H. J. Wilkens, ranking freshman engineer last year. Wilkens was desi.gnated as a man most likely to succeed “because he asked so many questions.” A handbook .was presented this year, because of the extrepie scarcity of the slide rules, which have usually been iircscntcd in the past.'w.b. Wesley Players Will Gave AnsiiiaS Play Next Swaiday Wesjey Players, directed by Ann Pierce, senior science student, will give their annual inter-foirndation-al play, “The Enemy,” Sunday at 8 p. m. in the Jefferson high school aLiflitorium. This year the play is being sponsoi’C!(! by the Tippecanoe (Jounty Ministei'ial Association. “Tho Enemy,” by Chaiming I’ollock a ■ Bi’oadway success, for several, years, porti'ays the saci’ifico of human lives and heai’t-breaks which accompanied World War I. Admission is free. Reserved seat tickets may lie obtained at the Wesley. Foundation, 116 Sheetz Street, an.v day this week. l.s.
Fifth, .weekly “Screen Review”, was presented to the student body yesterday afternoon in the Music Ilall. Instead of ’ the usual five inovie , shorts, six features were sh.own, the most recent production; being one of Walt Disney’s Mickey Mouse cartoons. ■ The program included “Here Comes the Cavalry”; Woody Herman and his oi’chcst)’a; News of the Hay; “Quicker’n a Wink,” a Pete Smith Specialty; “Australia at War,” a March of Time feature; and “The Riveter,” a Mickey Mouse cartoon. The popular reception given to Screen Review by the student body can partly be explained by a survey recently completed by a wellknown trade journal, showing that the three movie shorts most popular with the general public are “Mickey Mouse,” “March of Time,” and the “Crime Does Not Pay” series. “March of Time” is a regularly incorporated feature of the “Screen. Reviews,” while “Crime Does Not Pay” has appeared oii thp program several times, l.s. Will Address Cosmo Club jToniglit Pi'of. V. L. Albjei’g, of the department of history, economics and government, will discuss the. subject “Victory: for Whom” at a meeting of the Cosmopolitan CIul) at 4:30 p. in. today in room 304 of the Un-
ion.
Professor Albjerg has. completed comprehensive studies of the world situation and predicted many events of the second World War. , . All interested persons have been invited to attend this meeting, regardless of club member.ship. j.a.g. Largest concrete dome in tlie world, 110 feet in diameter, is at McAlister auditorium of. .Tulane University. Hayden Plantetarium dome, 90 fceet in diameter, is next.
10:00 10:10 10:16 10:30 10:46 11:00 ll:5(j 12:00 12:15 12:46
1:1)0 1:30 1:45 2:00 2:16 2:30 3:00 3:10 3:16
. 3:30
4:00 4:30 4:45 5:00 5:30 5:46 5:50 6:00 6:30 6:45 7:00 7:46 8:00 8:16 8:30 8:45 9:00 9:30 9:50
10:00
News.
Curio Man Morning Melodies WBAA Presents ; , Theatre of Song ' “European History,” Prof. V. L. Albjerg Purdue News. Agricultural P’orum Meet the Band (Flexible for Spepial Events) Souvenirs “Life for Wildlife” Markets I A story a Day Parent Forum Moods in Music
News
Building fo,r Defense , , Marjorie Williamsonj singer Jefferson High School Tea Time Tunes Mr. A. P. Stewart’s Music Organizations Little Miss Muffetfc Just Relax Vespers Curio Man News ^ Dinner Music Sports : Next Week at Purdue Lafayette Little Theatre Albert Schmadel, singer Marching Along Russ Graefnitz, pianist Eventide Echoes . South American Way Union Mixer Baird Mixer Interviews
News
OFF THE AIR
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayotfo
Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
Fhiteri'd a.s .'^fcoiid class lualter at the po.st oflice in Lafaycllc, Indiana, under the act of Congress Marr;)i 3, 1879, and at (he special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, aulfiorizcd January 20, 1922. Published daily e.xce|)t Monday during the regular academic year t;)?(! vvccklx' during the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subtiUfePtiflioris, $1.00.
fiwidwL £xpomid, All-American 1940-'41
rvrw u r.tlifor . vSiKUts Krtilcr' . .
. Ned A. Ochiltree RuKincss Manay;er.... ..Juhii L. Trauffott Mana«:inK: Kditur Phil JohiiHon Coed Editor
Don S. Powers Lcland W. Kuffner i Kuth Rose
I ■: Publication Staff A.ssix'iale Editors Etlil'j.i'ial BUi/T; .), V. Ainos, J. H. ArmBtrong., U. T. Brojiby, JS.HIJ. E. I. JOIK.'B, K. r;, Kiopor. ■BindR,Hi!,(f: 0. 'J'. (.Uiiili, J, p. FriiBor, J. S. Keeler. ' J f5(u(l: J'.liir.v K. Bfj.vi]tijn, Alice Chatfielil, Jane IlamBdell.,
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna SiesS; Office Manager: Lee IJoBsong. Loeut Advcrli.'sing Managers: K. IC. Gjomre, R. E. Saxton; Circulutiun Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. M'illui'd. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for niitional advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
'Nifcbi Editor : Jones Istriie Editor: Kafert
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: Boynton Sports Editor: Keeler
Reporters: ,1. D. Smith, Holfman. Wolfe, Hass, Ahrens, Ochiltree, Cuode, Slone, Lauer, Starr, Stenherg, Hoskins, Byei',B. Sporte: CaBsady, Krieger, Barnes, .Sowards.
. A'!»,v
Bob Livinghouse Wins Decathlon; Bancker^ ^thony Are Runners Up
Bob Livinghouse, -varsity trackman, was declared winner of the track team’s annual fall decathlon Wednesday as he garnered 4148 poinfe during the four weeks of competition. Bill Bancker, varsity sprinter. Captain Bert Anthony, and Jack Brebner, a freshman, finished in the second, third, and fourth places, respectively. Brebner, a freshman engineer
from Green Bay, Wisconsin, did a
remarkable job in finishing up in trophies at the annual cross counthe first four, considering that he try banquet, which is to be held fs competing against the whole sometime soon after the season
varsity team, with the exception ends on November 22. of the men who are on the cross mi ^ i .. j-
country squad. - standings are: The decathlon started on October Livinghouse (first) 4143 8, and was scheduled to be run off Bancker (second) 4088 in the next three weeks, but be- Anthony (third) '....4086 cause of the weather, it was neces- Brebner (fourth) 3602 sary to string it out over a longer Jentsch (fifth) 3100 period of time, the final events not The winners of the individual
ending until this past Wednesday, events are:
Harriers AwM Rjyeters Hold Final Drill State Distance r /■ r ^ ^
For Game With Spartans
Tilt Tomorrow
Editor’s Note: Today Bob Astley, Sports Editor of the Michigan State News, presents the Spartan side of the Michigan State-Purdue battle tomorrow. Take it away. Bob.
It was the original plan to run each event once each week, and at the end of the three weeks period to select each man’s best time or distance and give him points accordingly, The actual plan was essentially the same, except that the time
was extended.
The winners of the first four places will be presented with gold
76 Yard Dash—Bancker. 330 Yard Dash—Anthony. 660 Yard Dash—Anthony, 1320 Yard Run—Jentsch. Broad Jump—Livinghouse. Shot Put—Livinghouse. Pole Vault—Brebner,
Discus—Brebner,
High Jump—^Brebner. 120 Yard L. H.—Livinghouse.
SURE-
wc know you can buy a suit on almost every corner in town.
BETwhere can you find hundreds of them that are every one your size and wanted style? '
ANSWERright here at Kersey’s where you may have your choice of any fabric tailored to your individual measure and in the model of your own choosing.
PRICESarc reasonable too. , S28-50 lu 11 {I. THAT’S WHY~ wc’re selling more tailored clothes than any previous season. lET USmake your Thanksgiving suit.
Inc.
507 Main St. ARROW SHIRTS ARROW SHIRTS
The P. M. U. Stars the Hit of the Month
Dinner for Dad in the CHESTNUT ROOM
Remember to plan for a meal as tasty as if cooked at home for the family on Dad’s Day this week-end.
JPUL fiivuHusL TJflsmsfimL lAnimL
The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
• Hot And Cold--Hot And Cold If you haven’t been following the 1941 record of Michigan State’s football team, be adVised here and now that the Spartans have had as many ups and downs as a butterfly on a drunk. It’s been lose one Saturday, win the next all Reason. In perfect order Michigan State has lost to Michigan 19-7, defeated Marquette 13-7, lost to Santa Clara 7-0, defeated Wayne 39-6 and lost to Missouri 19-0. Hence if you have any faith in rabbits’ feet, black cats and like tokens, and you’re accustomed to wagering a few pesos on your alma mater, you’d best ignore the desire this coming weekend for the chips are | stacked against a Purdue victory. • Is It In The Stars? You see this is the week-end, according to the order the Spartans have been following this fall, that Michigan State will win. Seriously, Coach Charlie Bachman is expecting Saturday’s game at Lafayette to be one of the tougher ones the Spartans will face this season. He is particularly leerie of the “T” formation you’re using to some extent, mostly because of the devastating effect the Missouri “T”ception wrought on his squad last week. The Spartans right now are pale from “T”, and we don’t mean the kind you drink. • All Senior Line Rated by pre-season prophets as a strong senior team this year, Michigan State has lived up to that label at least on the line. From end to end, the entiie first string line will graduate this spring . Your Purdue team will find that our State line is strongest at the guards and ends. We have two fine guards in Bill Rupp and Bill Kennedy, both of whom will give those two outstanding guards on your squad quite an afternoon. On the flanks we have Bob Smiley and Bob Friedlund, two giants, who should cause trouble on your end sweeps, • Backs Are Unpredicf'abie The Michigan State backfield hasn’t lived up to pre-season forecasts. Instead of the senior cast piophesied, the Spartan panzer force has been dented by a pair of juniors. Grid experts are labeling one of these juniors, Dick Kieppe, left halfback, as the State find of the year. Cast in the role of blocking back during his sophomore year, Kieppe just leceiitly was given a tiy at the left halfback ijost. That was in the Marquette game and he has remained there ever since. Besides being a driving runner for his 165 pounds, Kieppe is also an able passer and an excellent punter. Besides Kieppe, another junior, Pete Fornari, has entered the State backfield. Not as versatile as Kieppe, Fornari is nevertheless an able runner and a fine defensive half. Bob Sherman, a rejuvenated quarterback, will start at fullback and probably Glen Johnson will round out the backfield as signal caller Saturday. • Variations Of The Model 'T' As for the type of football the Spartans play, this is one of the few schools which has made little attempt to incorporate some variation of the now famous “T” formation in its system. Bachman still coaches the Notre Dame style of football running his plays from a short punt formation. -
By Bill Cassady
“Rain or shine the meet will be run at 10:30.” Those were the words of Coach Herman Phillips yesterday afternoon as he discussed the Big State and Little State Cross Country Meet to be run on the Boilermaker course Saturday morning. This was contrary to the belief of some who thought it would be postponed if the
rain continued.
Coach Mai Elward, who has been unable to start the same team for two games in a row during the entire current grid campaign, will again be faced with the problara of reshufiSingr his lineup tomorrow afternoon when the Boilermakers tanide with the Spartans. Barry French, the giant tackle, injdn^ a tendon in his ankle during practice, and will be unable to face Michigan State. Wes Stevens
Annual Greek Squash Bailies To Star! Soon
suffered a tackle shoulder and will probably be kept out of action for the remainder of the season,
Timperman Out
Pete Timperman has sinus trouble and has been removed to the
At 4:15 p. m. next Monday spe- hospital for treatment. Lon Sfoim, cial squash demonstrations will be ^he Boilermaker trainer, indicated
Phillips would make po predic- held on three courts in the Field- night that Pete would be lucky tions as trf how his highly success- house. Rules and regulations of the if he recovers in time to face In-
ful team would place in the race game will be explained for the bene- diana.
but expounded on the fine physical fit of the fraternity team members jn addition to these injuries Bob condition or the squad, Darrell who will begin practice that night Chester, who turned in a fine perRoach and Charlie Duehler have for the forthcoming interfraternity formance against Fordham and both improved immensely during squash matches. «<Red” Carter, the shifty little halfthe season said the stocky coach. Three Members On Each Team back, are suffering from colds. Both In commenting on the race from Each team will consist of three of these fine backs are expected to an individual standpoint Phillips members, and when two fratemi- face the Spartans, however, gave the names of nine meji whom ties meet on the courtsp^e man ifg \ Toss Up outstanding in the field from each house will Engage one There wiR be little to choose be-
follows: Wilt man from the other house. Each in- tween the two grid rivals in the
^d Kendall of Indiana, Hunter and dividual match will consist of three Dad’s Day contest on the basis of Moloney of Notre Dari^ Montoya games, the man winning two of the pre-game performances. Both Michof Indiana Central, and Holderman, three being declared winner of his jgan State and the Boilermakers Appleton, Kemp, and Roach of Pur- match. The victor of the team match have identical records with two vic-
will be that house whose players tories and three defeats, and both win the most of the three individual have gained considerable prestige matches played on that evening. even in defeat. The Spartans made Last Year’s Champs a fine showing against Stanta Last year’s champions were the Clara, while the Riveters were quite
should be between Holderman of Sigma Phi Epsilon boys, led by John impressive in their game with Ohio
Purdue and Wilt of Indiana. Wilt Petty, who is ranked as one of the state.
is undefeated this year while Hold- best non-varsity squash players on The Michigan State eleven which erman has been beaten only once the campus. The Sig Eps went Coach Charley Bachman will ?pad and that time by Wilt. With the through last season undefeated, and into Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow advantage of being in better phys- trounced the ATO’s in the finals to jg well stocked with a fine array
due.
Between Riveters And lU If the race progresses as premeet comparisons would indicate, the duel for the winner’s position
ical condition than when at Indiana and also that of running on his home course, however, Holderman
should win Saturday. Two Meets—One Race
Coach Phillips wishes to leemphasize the fact that both the Big and Little State meets are to be run in one race but aie to be scored as two. For example a man from Butler could lun fifth in the race proper but be first in the Little State meet if no other Little State contestant weie ahead of him. Two trophie^ will be awarded to thq winning scnools m each divi
Sion
clinch the title, r.b.b.
Aquacade
Tickets are now on sale for the Fifth Annual Aquacade. All seats are reserved. Tickets may be purchased from any member of the swimming team, Dolphih Club, Triton Club, or from Coach Papenguth.
posed of Holderman, Appleton, Kemp, Roach, Duesler, McLaugh-
wi.11111,s oi-niiiiio 111 cuvii 111 VI- lin, and Jentsch. Jentsch, however,
, medals to the first six men in is not eligible and Bob Jarvis will ^ proven
of backfield talent.
Those Davis Boys Again Halfback Wy Davis, whose twin brother, Wilford, operates from the quarterback post in the Spartan backfield, is currently leading the parade in the forward passing department with eight completions in fourteen attempts. Dick Kieppe, the Spartan triple threat halfback, is pressing Davis closely for honors in the aerial department. Kieppe has thrown twenty passes and com-
pleted nine of them.
In addition to his fine passing
FOR YOU • TAILS
TOYS SHIRTS TIFS
POPCORN
Dad’s Place
FURNAS ICE CREAM
so
Six Flavor’s . . . Pint 15c
HANDY
Drumstick 5c
The Rest for MILITARY HALL
The one set of wearing apparel you want to be absolutely correct is your evening clothes. We bring you the latest accepted models in dinner and dress clothes as selected by men of good taste the country over. In keeping is a full line of accessories to make your ensemble complete.
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP
Everything for the Man
the race proper, medals to the first run instead,
six men in both the Big and Little Seven In Big State Tilt
State races, and medals to the win-
ning team members. Irish In There, Too
Notre Dame, Indiana, and Purdue will probably be the first three teams in the Big State while Butler and Indiana Central will vie for the Little State honors with
Earlham as a dark horse.
It was stated yesteiday that the
Boilermaker squad would be com- progress of the meet.
The teams to compete in the Big '
State Meet with the Boilermakers aie Indiana, Notre Dame, Butler, Earlham, Wabash, and Indiana Cential. It will be a four mile contest, three and one-sixteenth miles
adept at returning punts. In the' game with Marquette, the Spartan
grabbed a punt and
raced fifty-three yards to a touch-
down.
Show Class On Punt Return Rounding out the Michigan State backfield, we find fullback Bob
over the new clover-leaf course and who has gained a total the remainder around the Intra- ° 8 yaids in 41 cracks at enemy mural Field. Station WBAA will with Michigan’s
also be on hand to bioadcast the
Yon Supply the ' Head... LEE supplies the HAT-l-WVB^
Let the nearest store that sells LEE Water-Bloc* Hats fit your head into this new semi-telescope— the Bearcroft — with a slightly narrow hand and a bound edge brim. Wear it snapped way back. For only 5 Bucks, you’ll be a beatcat in The Bearcroft.
LEE HATS
358 Fifth Avenue, New York
t* Reg U S. Pat. Off.
J
vaunted Wolverine eleven, the Spartans returned enemy kicks for a total of 112 yards, while Kuzma
& Co. where held to a mere 47. Because of adverse weather con-
ditions, the Boilermakers were forced to hold their practice in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Dummy scrimmage and offensive
drill featured the workout.
Elliott To Speak
Added color will be provided at tomorrow’s Dad’s Day game by a program dedicated to University’ men who are connected with the various branches of the nation’s aimed service. Approximately 250 oificers and men from Fort Benjamin Harrison will take part in the pie-game ceremony. Preceding the ceremony, there will be short talka by President E. C. Elliott and Col. Walter S. Drysdale, Commanding Officer of Fort Benjamin Harrisbn.
r.w.k.
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
PATRONIZE exponent ADVERTISERS
CLfVmSSMPINCe ' are exclusive dealers for the LEE HAT^ iu Lafayette aud West Lafayette
Prices $3,50 and up
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quality and value. WM.DEMUTH4eO.,N.Y.
HANDKERCHIEF TEST PROVES VITAl ZONE ALWAYS SPOTLESS %
Hoatw CAKPlIt iHIUlM
IT* CUMMIt »«U»
HESSOnelRD miiiinii
^ 5 ‘ It
m
HMt
■ttii•*1. ^ ‘ *. ^ ^ " /f ‘ V’"" N
Purdue Exponent
v| ■/ r ff . |. f. ^ ^ I' Friftay, November f9
Ac^oik Presold Way Applied Difsip Classes
i:^
SMm's Iflaugaral
II. S. Ebbinghousej Ag. ’16, of ^p»tk • 5|*nohefitei’,' will r^prcHsent Ike^, Upiversity tomorrow at the ]^^einoiiie^. honoring Dr. Vernon P,. SS<d9rtn#!ifw, new president of ManCollege. Dr. Schwalm will the f^e,<ei^th president of that in-
' stithtion.'
. jJ^bbinghpuse is a former county ,<ss^t;and is now operating the Bittife^weet Poultry Parm. Prof. H. O. Deiisy, of the entomology department, will also attend the inauguration ceremonies as the pei'sonal delcgkto of the University of TCansas, of Which he is a graduate, g.w.s. ' ■ ' \:''V ’ < ' ■ l^i^er CInb Sets Cke^ffle For Entries ^ . Deadline for all entries in Scrivelafet’s annual fi’eshman literary ^phtest will be. 4 p. m. next Thurs■day.*The student literary magazine will ‘award prizes of $5.00, $$3.0O and $2.00 to the Outstanding papers siibrtiitted. Many types of writing, including short Stories, poems, essaysi and plays may be entered. Members of the Scrivener Club Will judge the manuscripts. Winners will be announced one week after the deadline, and winning papers will be published in the December issue of Scrivener, p.g.h. jir. Kflifihi Will Speak ie^e Parents' Group Dr. P. B. “Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak at the Top of the Town restaurant in Chicago to the,'University Dads’ and Mothers’ Association of Chicago on Friday might, Nov. 14, Prof. Robert Phillips, association advisor, announced
last night.
Two meetings of the Dads’ and ‘Mothers’ Association were held last Saturday night, one at Detroit and . one at Gary. These meetings consi^ of a general discussion of problems of student life. l.s. Wesley Foundation .... . will hold a men’s bid party tonight at the Foundation House. It will last from 8 to 10:30 p. m. and all men are to bring dates.
“Legend of Dust,” a dramatic play concerning conditions in the -Oklahoma dust bowl. Written by Dwight Strickland, will be produced by members of the Lafayette Little Theater in their weekly broadcast over WBAA at 7 o’clock tonight.
No Men
Written as a verse play for women, the “Legend of Dust” has no men characters, ..although it portrays the struggle for existence by a woman and her son. Under the guidance of Kelley Yeatoii,'director of the Lafayette Little Theater, the production sti’esses poetic enactment and touches on social consci-
ousness.
Characters Members of the Little, Theater appearing tonight are the Misses Florence Harrington, Patricia Maddox, Virginia Freed, Helen Seaton, and Joyce Burnham, d.e.b. In The Expo Of : ONE YEAR AGO THIS WEEK America was at the crossr^roads and -made a definite turn when its citizens re-elected President Roosevelt for a third term. His vote majority was less than in either 'the 1932 or the 1936 contests. New excavation holes, three in number, were causing no end. of interest to campus . side walk engineers. The addition to the EE Building and the Physics Building were responble for two of them but a large one over by the Music Hall had everyone guessing as to what it’s use was going to be. ONE DECADE AGO THIS WEEK The editor urged officials to follow the action of the University of Illinois where hell week, horse play, and hazing as far as freshmen were concerned were banned. A record attendance was set at the 1931 Military Ball in the Union Building with an attendance of almost 600 couples, r.w.b.
Since this week is'American Art Week throughout the nation, the University applied design department has posted reproductions of paintings by American artists in
■ ■•Dctily-Repprt'v-j tv . • •! ■. Student. Health Serwice 'has an-
nounced that the fdlldwirig students were hospitalized Monday: Ldis
. . Kraus, sophomore science student, various buildings around the cam- in Home Hospital for surgipal treatpus. The subjects of these prints merit; H. 'F. Timpefman, Tpechaniare landscapes, portraits and still cal engineering senior in St. Eliza-
Ledn^d ^eklinski I,..gradiiiate!ir)i,ingineerling law, started apmyj ayiatibn cadet .engilieoripg trailing jatfChanute Field, Eantoul, dliy, Upphi completjon of his 86?,WfiOk .:tr«;inihg,,cpurse, Wlekinski will be commissioned a second lieuGorp^ Reseiw.e.
life.
, . Carnegie Corporation’s Laymen’s exhibit is still being shown in the main corridor of the Union subbasement. c.f .h, , ., B^rijjafnin [ohnston Dies Of Heart Attack Af Age 60 Benjamin Butler Johnston, CE ’04, vice-president and chief engineer of the Vincennes Bridge Company, died unexpectedly of a heart attack last Saturday. He, was 60 years of age. /Johnston had been associated with the Vincennes Bridge Company since 1906, the year following his graduation from the University. He was made chief engineer of the company in 1922 and had been vicepresident since 1932. h.e. Dr . Ida Kelley . . . of the division of education and applied psychology was one of the four speakers at a dinner meeting of, the Indiana Association of Clinical Psychologists which was held Saturday, Nov. 1, in Indianapolis. She spoke 'op “What Grade School Teachers Know of Mental Hygiene.” .
beth Hospital for medical treat--ment, and R“. D, Salisbury, freshman engineer, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital Tuesday, for surgical care. Nancy Dawson, senior home economics student, was -discharged. from St. Elizabeth Hospital Tues-
day. e.h.a. :
Of 20 members of-the fii’st board of regents of the Univ. of Michigan, created in 1837, only seven held col-lege-degrees. • '
Classified
Money to Loan: on anything of value, Albert’s :Loan Office. ‘Pawnbrokers and Jewelers, 40'7 Columbia St. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph wotlt done. C. J. EberahofE,-605 Main, Lafayette. Phone-2779. For Sale: i tickets to Michigan State game, Section 26 ; no reasonable offer refused. Call Lense, 6754. For Sale: Size 40 tuxedo. In excellent condition, $10.00. Phone 46752: Room for rent: Men; cooking privileges; .sleep ,..single ; $9.60 month. 60i 'Evergreen.
Tel. 76912. ^
Wanted: Fellojv to share double room. New house, twin beds, private .shower. ,256 Harrison. - '■ ,..,y,,-v,, i ■
Pardae Gymnastic piub :. Practice every week-day from 416 p.m.- Tumbling and hand-balancing 'every Tues,, Thurs., and Sat. Apparatus work every Moh., Wed. and Eri. Those interested are asked to work out,.at the dndieated times. . ~POZEB ; Pl,A, Mcnibership Salesmen: Please check in .membership books with money hy Friday evening, Nov. 7: Also have any dance tiokets that 'you might-have.
-rGQBIS
. WAA Archers: inui-vldual tburnameitt must be-shot by Friday, Nov. 7. y-oii may shoot any night at 4 p.m; —'JOHNSON BAO’s: All battery athletic'offieerk who did not attend meeting Thursday, OotoBer 30, see Lt. Vandertord at earliest .opportunity. ' ' —'VANpEBFORD ' AIChE: Ghem and Met subscriptions can he obtained ifrom the following: iBarns, Kraybill, Southard, Ray Smith,, Santini, Lerrter. > , ' ' -tKRAyBILL •Geres: AU .men are expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judging Contest to be .held Saturday, Noy. 16, in Ag. Hall; Prizes awarded. Entry blanks may be obtained from Prof;-Fi E. Robbins or pledges.
—BYER
'WAA ^ockejf: No_ all-star practice'’Friday, Nov. 7." 'Ereshmah-Sophomore game Instead. BLAGRAVB
All InJependbniliBtiadents: iAou :are in-; vlted to' the first Ward party to be held in , Memorial, Gymnasium Fridox, Nov. -7, from 8 to,;’H:30<iPv4m-,,, . i ii i . ■ Ushers and Police for Michigan State Game: Report to Gate 8 of Stadium, .Saturday. Nov. 8, at 12:16 p. m. All men not checked in by ;12:46 ip. m. .will be counted absent,- • —CRANKY Purdue Women’s Cliib: Contract lessons •will begin Friday, Nov. 7, at the. Union, promptly at 2 p. m. Cost is '2Bc per iessoh. ■' ' • —S-MXTA, , WAA: No Intramural Board meeting this Week. 'Watch for notice of a meeting next week. —FORD.' dCappa ‘Psi: All ‘members ipleaae he present at qpen forum and address by Dr. Urdang on Monday, Nov. 11, at 7 :30 p. m. Room 31'1 in Pharmacy Building.
—SCOTT
PIA Dancing Class: The regular lesson will be. held on Tuesday, Nov. 11, at the same time and place instead of Monday. Any and all coeds are invited to attend;
—PECSOK
Sports Edition Saturday: All sports men as well as all editorial-freshmen and sophomores -who are scheduled to work that day should be present. Please repCrt to the Union, immediately after the football game. —RUEFNER
ir" POMM: The baniuet will be fTiwaday, Nov. 18. at 6:30 p. m. Get’tickets Iffom Bushnell.-iMacMlllani ’Sullivan, ofi 'YimkoyJThe .price of tickets is ,65p.and the^b^olute AH Senior Cadet‘Oifieers.i;BepciAfi!to mainoffice in the ArihoryPHday,'hIoV. ;7,'bctWeefi 1 .and 6 p. m. - to receive Cosmopolitan Cldb: Prof.'Albjerjf will lie •the speaker this -Ffiday .at'-4 :8() yp. m,. Ih room 304 of the'Union. The title of his speech is "Victory: For‘Whom.'” 'A. i.eh6rt pledging service will be held promptly ^ at ,4:80 p. ■ m. ‘Please ■ bring dues .H nossible; —KELLER p6mM: Formal initiation -will be .hold Monday, Nov. 10, at ■'i'US p. m. Everybody is requested to be there. ' • —BUSHNELL Zouaves: There will be a meetioK in room 108 of the "Armory at 4 p. m. todafy.-' The meeting is for actives only. All members wishing to remain active duriiig-the'next year must be present,. ' -e-iQBAP ' ;PIying Gldb: All members that would like to attend .the . steak fray 'tonight, and ■ ha've not made arrangements, call. MacLad- . don at 2437. -- ' —HABIGHT Model Aeroplane Club: There will bo a meeting F-riday, NoV, 7, at .7180 p.,fin. in the construction room,’ V —KtART
WAA: Fencing at 4 ,p. m. today. Be- AIEE: JOebris pictures will be taken at ginners and advanced students. 8-.20 p. m. Thursday, Nov( Tl, in'the sduth —EMHOFF ballroom, --HOBBiNS
AU Military Students: AH membei-s of the Coi’ps are requested to be in their places in the Armory at 10:68 a. m.' Tuesday, Nov. 11, in order that no movement will take place in the Armory during the Armistice Day Memorial Service at 11 a. m. —GRAHAM Freshman Engineers: 'Meet for Engineei--ing Lectures on Saturday, Novi 8,. at 8 a. m. by schools. Students whose names begin, with A-E, Room 201; CE Bldg; F-Le, Lecture Room in Michael Golden 6hops: Li-R, Room 264, EE Bldg.: and ' S-Z, Room 129, EE Bldg. —KNAPP
Alpha‘Phi Omega: Those‘going'to Chicago conference meet in the Swedish Lounge of the Union tonight at 7:30_p. m. There will he a very' Short meeting, • . —SI,qLER Military Ball .Committee: Meet tin South Ballriiom. Friday,'Nov. 7, at 4 .p, m-'with sabres. SD1B.OS Alpha Lambda Delta:-Compulsovy’ meeting Tuesday, Nov. 11, at 7fl|i'.p. in. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. There will be a guest, speaker an'dilHbria pictures will be ‘taken. p-MoDONAtD
Novice ‘Pistol: Students desiring to fire Purdue 'Players: 'Meeting of Exceuti6e in 5th N. P. Group which starts Nov. 26 Board Monday, Nov. 10, at 4 p. fiK in may sign up in supply room of Armory now. Fowler Hall. —‘WALKER
^Everything for a College Education ^ DEAC’S
ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main St-. A STORE FOjR YOUNG MEN McGregor i sportswear
FRIENDLY SERVICE Bonded Gas and Oil T. & R. OIL CO., Inc.
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
m
Wi APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTtE
YOU’RB ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
Station Wagon Coats
and
Reversibles ^ ^ ^
all colors $4-98 - $5-98
Sweaters all styles . . . sleeve-
less, slipover, button and zipper.
From $1.98—aU colors
MH ^ /y
Grey Cords and Moleskins
$3.48 and $3.08 -
Slide-rule pockets . /
REIIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main St.
First Clothing Store Across
GOLD.. SILVER.. MESH..WHITE SATIN* Let the cares of the day melt away, os you forget everything but sweet music... and romance! Lofty heeled for petite misses,.. comfortably low " ones for the willowy type, f WHITE SATIN TINTED fREC
^ ^
Peter Anderson Co.
Mr. Advertrser: ^ The Exponent Staff is never wrong in staling that Exponent Advertising is siiper-effeetiye. TF you doubt our word, ask any man on the eainputi if he saw this ad! (Signed) ^ Exponent Atlvertlsing Staff
%
1*1
t.y-
a-