t
it P'
- \ >/' - i Crash Bucket Brigade
Activity Chart Proofs Ready
Galley proofs of the Activities Chart, to be distributed to all students, will be available in the Student Union office today from 1 to 6 p. m. Student activity heads may examine these proofs and note corrections. These corrections must be noted, and given to Union Vice President L. A. Jacobson.
• 1
the
Pi
LI r i
due W
E K
:por
lei
n t
VOLUME 49 November 19, 1937 Lafayette, Indiana NUMBER 58
-
Annual 2-Day Guidance Conference Opens Today
With Arthur Campbell, superintendent of Anderson schools, presiding, the annual two-day Univetsity Guidance Conference will open today with registration of the visiting speakers and guidance workers ih the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The yearly conference is held for the purpose of discussing old and new methods of teaching, and various problems in guidance that arise during
the year. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University’s division of education and applied psychology, will give the welcoming address at 10 p.,m. in the faculty lounge, to be followed by a discussion ot the “Problem of Guidance Today,” by Homer P. Rainey, director of the American Youth Commission. A talk by Dr. Knight on “Guidance in a Realistic World” will conclude the morning’s activities. Talks To Follow Luncheon Following a luncheon, the pro^’am will continue with talks by the leaders in education and vocational guidance from Indiana and Ohio. After dinner, at 6:00 p. m., Frank Cody, superintendent of schools in Detroit, Mich., will speak on “The Responsibility of the Public Schools in the Field of Guidance.”
S A E Auto Exhibit To Show 'Scarab'
Tomorrow morning’s session will begin at 9:30 with Miss Helen Dernbach, director of Educational Guidance at School City of South Bend, presiding. The conference will adjourn at noon. An exhibit of materials of Intel est to guidance workers will be on di^'play to the public.
Indiana Borrows Canvas For Field
Indiana athletic officials sent a call to Purdue yesterday requesting the use of the large canvas sheets used on the football field in RossAde Stadium for the Indiana gridiron. Because of the bad weather conditions it will be difficult, Indiana officials state, to keep the playing held at Indiana from becoming muddy. The canvas was sent to Bloomington yesterday afternoon by a truck.
Kappa Delta Pi laitiates Six New Members In Union
Six new members were initiated into the Delta chapter of the Kappa Delta Pi, national education honorary, last night at 5:30 in rooms one and two of the Memorial Union Building. Those initiated were Anna Belle Clawson,, Mary F. Davis, Jane Denny, Margaret Jenkins, Ruth Reeder, and Han’iet Yoder. Immediately following the initiation ceremonies a banquet was held in the peasant room of the Union for the initiates. Wayne Byrd, president of the University chapter of Kappa Delta Pi, welcomed the new members, and Margaret Jenkins replied.
Phi Kappa Pledges
Phi Kappa fraternity announces the additional pledging of Orient Henderson, Lafayette.
Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, November 22, at 4 p.m. in the lecture room of the Electrical Ehgineering Building. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott » President.
Arrangements to bring the current model of the Stout “Scarab,” one of the only immediate rear engine cars built in this country, to the SAE Auto Show m the Armory November 26 and 27, have been completed by the organization. The car, used for experimental purposes, incorporates features of the future automobiles including absence of running boards and fenders, no protuding door handles, and radical use of the teardrop body, credited by authorities as the perfect streamline shape. William B. Stout, designer |and builder of the “Scarab,” was foi^* merly affiliated with the Ford Aviation Corporation where he helped design the famous Ford Tri-Motor Transport plane. At the present time Stout conducts his operations in his own engineering laboratories. The designer has developed a number of ideas that are being utilized widely in the field of high-speed passenger transportation.
University Students Buy Ten Tickets For lU Dance
Ten tickets have been sold to University students for the annual Pur-due-Indiana Blanket Hop at the Indiana University Men’s Gymnasium Saturday evening following the game. Tickets aj-e pi-iced at $1.98 and may be purctiased at the Union desk. ,
Sponsored by the Sigma Delta Chi, Don Bestor and his orchestra have been selected for the dance to last from 9 to 12 p. m. The purpose of the dance is to award “I” blankets to athletes of Indiana University.
Aretz Assists In Planning New Aeronautics Meeting
Lawrence'Aretz, vice-president of the Indiana Aircraft Trades Association and manager of the University Airport, is assisting other members of the trades organization to plan the initial meeting of an aeronautical educational program being held today in Muncie. Airport operators, airplane dealersi salesmen, and pilots throughout the state are invited by the association to attend this conference to discuss subjects of interest to avaiation enthusiasts in Indiana.
South Bend College Grads Sponsor Big Ten Formal Ball
A Big Ten Formal Ball, sponsored by the South Bend Recent Graduates group of the American Association of University Women will be held at the Palais Royale ballroom in South Bend November 26. Anson Week’s orchestra will furnish the music and tickets are available for $3.30 at the door.
How Many Purdue Fans Will Fail... (An Editorial)
... to return alive from their Bloomington journey this weekend?
We puzzled over that problem for hours last night and still couldn’t Teach any solution. The problem has as many variables as there are risks to be considered by any Boilermaker motorists who venture out on the road today and tomorrow.
Perhaps some students and other fans who are going to attend the Purdue-Indiana football game tomorrow would like to spend the extra minutes they expect to save by speeding down to Bloomington at sixty miles an hour in trying to figure out the answer to that problem. That might prove an interesting and thought-provoking study.
Here are a few statistics to take into account: 5,000 tickets for the game were sold by the Purdue athletic department; probably 500 persons will go to the game by ways of the Monon or Big Four railways, the rest by motor vehicles; the direct distance from Lafayette to Bloomington is about 100 miles.
More persons are killed in automobile accidents on Saturday than on any other day of the week, 20 per cent of the total number, while Sunday runs a close second with 19.8 per cent, and Friday is third with 14 per cent.
Figure in also that fact that 36,800 pefsons were killed in automobile accidents in 1936, and the present number is approximately 12 per cenif ahead of that for the corresponding time of last year. Consider also the roads wet with rain and snow, and you have quite a problem.
In case you decide to spend that extra time in driving more slowly to Bloomington, just let the problem go until you get back. You will have a better chance of getting another opportunity to work on it some other time than the fellow who doesn’t even consider the problem, who rushes pell mell down to, at least towards, Bloomington. If you do die in an automobile wreck this week-end you will have served a noble purpose: you will have aided your fellow Americans in setting another (and how Americans love to do that) all-time record—a yearly record for lives lost in traffic accidents. And the Exponent always appreciates a good news story.
Greve Postpones Hydraulics Test
“This afternoon’s hydraulics test has been postponed one week,” stated Prof. F. W. Greve last mght. Civil engineering’s ill-famed CE 41 department proved that the alleged hardness of its collective heart is merely a rumor, when it postponed a test that would have kept 192 mechanical engineering students slaving over test papers from 4 till 5 o’clock this afternoon. Penalty date rules would have made the cutting of this test worth five dollars. CE 41 classes will meet at regularly scheduled periods today and Monday, both penalty dates.
Fieldhouse Opens Monday To Students, General Public
The opening of Purdue’s new Fieldhouse, long and anxiously awaited by students and public, has arrived at last. With the work nearing completion, the Fieldhouse will be officially opened Monday.
Group Pictures For 1938 Debris Delayed
Because of the conflict with the heavy University calendar for the next few weeks. Debris officials have postponed group pictures for the 1938 Debris until the first part of December. Pictures scheduled for last night were postponed because of the eaily hour of the pep session.
Postponement of group pictures will not further inconvenience those who have found pictures conflicting with other activities, and will allow a better turnout of the organizations, Debris officials said.
Dairy Club To Show Films At Meeting Monday Night
Refreshments will be the program opener at an open meeting of the University Dairy Club next Monday at 7 p. m, in room 218 of Smith Hall.
A representative of the CherryBuivell Corporation of Chicago will present two films entitled, “Soaker Type Farm Washer,” and “Nuline Bottle Fillers.” ’
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are six penalty dates. They are November 19, 22, 24, 26, from noon December 17 to noon December 18 and January 3. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the day of the Indiana vs. Purdue football game. Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas Recess. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from n regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twentyfour hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Miss Indiana Cremated Amid Flying Snowballs
Escorted By Police And Firemen, 1500 Bloodthirsty Hoosier Rivals Burn Effigy Of Bucket-Holders
The two fall silhouettes, bouffant and shm and sleek, were shown in the fashion show sponsored by Loeb and Hene’s to the 150 co-eds attending. A scarlet crepe formal with a short dinner jacket, shot through with gold and silver threads, worn with glittering accessories, began the show of formal wear. The fashion show ended with the showing of a black slipper satin formal, bouffant silhouette, wide skirt kept flared by a hoop. A huge rhinestone clip was the only relief of tone.
By Jerry Torrence, Jr. With snowballs flying in all directions, the loudest and coldest pep session of the year started from the Memorial Union Building last night at 7, and slowly wound its way out Grant street and Northwestern avenue to a huge bonfire on Stuart Field. Escorted by state troopers and a West Lafayette fire truck the ignoble corpse of Miss Indiana was borne northward in Phi Kappa Sigma’s horse-drawn hearse, to the strains of Purdue Hand music.
Ruth Ezra Advises Co-eds About Clothes At Virginia Meredith Ctub Style Show
“Formal wardrobes must contain at least two dinner dresses,” advised Ruth Ezra in her fashion show lecture fo the Virginia C. Meredith Club last night in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Other advice in her “Around the Clock” included admonitions to wear \ makeup at all times, even while attending classes, and suggestions concerning formal headdress.
Feeders' Association To Discuss Livestock Technique
Cattle feeding techniques, as developed by the University’s agricultural extension department, will serve as the topic for discussion this morning at the annual fall conference of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association. The group will convene in the Judging Pavilion at 10:30 p. m. Members from all over the state are expected by officials to attend the meeting During the afternoon, three representatives from Swift and Co., Chicago packing concern, will lead a round table discussion pertaining to the meat packing industry.
Staff Members To Attend Second Radio Conference
G. D. Williams, of the speech department and program director for WBAA, and C. E. Dammon, assistant director of personnel, will attend the second national conference on educational broadcasting, to be held'in Chicago from/November 29 to December 1. Spokesmen for the radio audience, industry, and education will express their views on educating by means of radio. A report on governmental activity will be given by representatives from the Federal Communications Commission, Federal Radio Education Committee ,and the office of Education by Radio.
Around the roaring inferno on Stuart Field were gathered over 1,500 students and townspeople waiting to watch the incineration of the corpse. At exactly 7:25, the lifeless figure was thrown to the flames. Pall bearers were under such a barrage of snowballs they had to make two running attempts before reaching the fire. She Was Such A Nice Girl “We are gathered here tonight for an old friend—Oh yeah!” boomed out the voice of Pop Doan through the public address amplifier. “We now commit her to the flames. Ashes to ashes and dust to dost,” he concluded as a wild cheer went out into the night. Standing alone on top of a car, Dick Wellbrock led the cheering and subsequent singing of “Indiana,” constantly ducking a storm of very fast snowballs. An appeal was made to cease firing, but it went for nought as the missiles continued on their flight. “We’re going down to Indiana with the best of spirits, and we’re going to bring back to Purdue University that Old Oaken Bucket right where it belongs!” sang out Cec Isbell into the mike. “Just two more days, gang!” shouted Jim Zachary. “With your backing we know that we’ll try hard.” I. U. Good—Elward “This year Indiana has the best team it’s had in 25 years!” shouted Mai Elward. “We’re going to lick Indiana, and you can tell Bo McMillin and everyone else down there!” “Let ’er go, gang, and to hell with Indiana!” During the session. Yell Leader Buell was hit in the eye with a misaimed snowball. Medical services were required for his injury but the snow volley continued uninterrupted.^
'Campus Customs' Honors I.U. Tomorrow, 12:15-45
In honor of Indiana University, a special edition of “Campus Customs,” regular Tuesday program from WBAA , will be aired tomorrow, from 12:15 to 12:46 p. m. Reproduction of a portion of last year’s tie battle between the two schools will headline the program. Historical notes on lU, a dramatic sketch of scenes at the famous Book Nook, and Hoagy Carmichael songs, will be included in the downstate college’s program.
Prof. Carter Staris Free Hand Drawing Classes
YWCA Plans Thanksgiving Vesper Services In Union
Because of the. approach of Thanksgiving, the YWCA is holding an informal vespers service on Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dorothy Coan, vice-president of YWCA has planned a program of music, group singing and readings. Jane Anderson will play several selections on the harp. Martha Smith will lead group singing after which she will sing a solo. Poems ^ James Whitcomb Riley will also be read.
P^'ofessor A. H. Carter, of the department of practical mechanics, will conduct free hand drawing classes every Monday and Wednesday evening in the Michael Golden Shops as long as there is a demand for them. The classes will be held from 7:30 to 9 o’clock, and the only equipment necessary are a pencil, eraser, and 1^5 cents to pay for drawing paper used during the lessons.
No Exponent Sunday Publication of this paper will be suspended qn Siznday, November 21. No paper will be issued Friday, November 26. With those exceptions, publication will continue as regularly scheduled untd December 18.
; O. V? “
\V'
iM
Pt/i, : S'?
THE PURDtJE EXPONENT
Friday. November 19,1937
School Spirit Is At Its Best... .... when it manifests itself in praiseworthy directions. When shown as loyalty to an institution, school spirit bears a resemblance to virtue. , , . r School spirit is not really school spirit when it is used as an excuse for dishonorable actions. One of the best, although often difficult, ways of displaying school spirit for a university is to conduct oneself always in a manner that will reflect credit upon that university. Purdue followers may well keep that in mind when they travel downstate to Bloomington today and tomorrow for thje annual Boilermaker-Fightin’ Hoosier gridiron battle. Direct your actions in such a way that our state rivals cannot help respect you as Boilermakers, as representatives of Purdue University. Indiana University is a fine school ... as good in some ways as our own Purdue, but in different fields. Indiana University men and women are planning an afternoon and night of entertainment for Boilermaker fans, as their guests. They are deserving of courtesy and respect. We don’t ask you to inhibit any impulses to join in the festive spirit of the day, far from it. There is a definite place to throw off the feeling of rivalry which has been built up in anticipation of tomorrow’s game, and that is at Memorial Stadium during the contest. Yell your lungs out during the all-important football game. Your vociferous support for Coach Mai Elward’s eleven at the stadium may lend to the team some of the punch nec^essary for recapturing the Old Oaken Bucket, and it will command as much respect from your Bloomington hosts as will your gentlemanly conduct when you proceed to enjoy the recreational facilities of Indiana University after the game.
the Purdue Exponent
SWwocinted gnll^gtatc HAMOM WISOON9N Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under' the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and -weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. RBPRBSBNTED POB NATION At.. ADVEHTIBINO BY NaiionalAdvertfsiiigServiceJnc. College Publishers Re/iresenlative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Rditor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary ..Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. J, P. Girard National Advertising Manager. W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. I..B. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor....... ..!......Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors.. Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor...-...- ^ R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors -..J. S. Brdwn, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, ■rand do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Deckard Friday, November 19, 1937
Letters to the Editor
Censor Bold and Black Crawfordsville, Ind. Nov. 17, 1937 Dear Editor: I am enclosing a clipping from to-
Exponent Tops The Field
Dear Editor:
Recently I had the opportunity of discussing with college editors and publishers, the college newspaper situation. Although I have no connection with the Exponent, what was said concerning it was said to me as Purdue’s representative at the gathering. It is no more than fair that you and your staff hear what students in other universities think of your
publication.
Without reservation, I can report that all comment was favorable. However, praise from the Kansas University journalists knew no bounds. One youth, publisher of the Daily Kansan, said, “ I think The Purdue Exponent is the classiest newspaper in the college field today, and typographically it is one of the best newspapers in the country.” His comments were echoed by other members of his staff. Praise from other college editors was more conservative, perhaps because each editor felt a certain loyalty to his own paper. However, I wish to repeat that I "heard nothing but favorable comment concerning The Exponent, and many remarked about a “vast improvement this year.” As you and your staff are responsible for The Exponent and are striving to make it “tops” in publications, you should feel somewhat gratified by this praise for it was heartily and sincerely offered. Perhaps it will help repay you for the countless hours you spend each week in putting out your paper. A. H .Forster, PSE ’3k
day’s edition of the Journal and Review giving in the form of an editorial, some interesting high-lights on “Higher Education” as demonstrated on Friday evening last by Wabash students. I did not see the performance referred to in the clipping but I did witness a similar affair last year and I can assure you it was as crude as some of the “low brow” garbage which occasionally shows up in the “Bold and Black”
column.
Having lived here with Wabash College all my life, I have many times seen what “Higher Education” does to boys who come to a “hairy chested,” “cave-man” college. Maybe that is one reason my son is a freshman at Purdue this year. Your paper represents a great University. People with no intimate contacts with such a school must form their opinions of the student body largely by public activities and by what you print. I believe Purdue is O.K, on the first score. Censor the “Bold and Black*’ column, separating the “dirt” from “laughs,” and you will be doing a real job for
Purdue.
J. B, Manson, CE ’20.
collegiate
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
SPECIAL VALUE White and Fancy Shirts, Assorted Sleeve Lengths, sizes 14 to 17...... .....$L00 Ty Best Ties, All Colors $0.55 and $1.00 Men's All Leather Cases .......$5.00 to $25.00 Ladies' Striped Over-Nite Cases....$1.00 to $10.00 Ladies' Dress Hanger Cases..........$10.00 to $16.95 , THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-624-626 Main Street Private Parking Space in Bear of Store
By Mary Cooley University of Georgia fre'sbmen got a super-initiation at the mechanical hands of the machine age. An electric machine fhat defies flattery or red apples and doesn’t believe the first hundred papers are the hardest, graded the traditional “yes” and “no” intelligence tests. Each little frosh’s papers went into a machine and the meter told him whether he was meant for the Phi Beta Kappas, the great middle class or doomed to die with the dullards. This is the first time that such a machine has been placed in actual continuous use in the nation. It is expected to save at least four days in placement work, and a great deal of wear and tear on professors, instructors, and student graders. IF He * * University of Nevada freshman
Amid slush and much gush, “Miks Indiana” went to her pre-conceived fate last night. All that remain now are ashes and the gaseous vapors floating about somewhere above. An autopsy performed on her body before the cremation disproved that old saying j^bout “Little Girls are made of su^ar and spice and everything nice’’ . . . but then “Miss Indiana” >vasn’t a little girl. Gloriously hilarious is the story about the Purdue professor who parked his car on the hill near the bank yesterday. After transacting his business he returned to the place where the car had been and now wasn't. Alarm covering his usually tranquil features he dashed to a phone and informed police his car had been stolen. He was notified that his car was waiting for him at tjhe foot of the hill where it had rolled because the brake had not been set. A contributor swears this is the gospel truth: A freshman, riding the street car, said, “The English department doesn’t know the score. I copied a theme out of an encycldpedia word for word and punctuation mark for punctuation mark and when it’ came back to me it was marked all over for incorrect punctuation.” Interesting note from the book on manners which is available to all interested in the Personnel Office: “Alcoholic attentions are not accep-
women pay for it when they fail to observe college traditions. They are brought before a committee composed of upperclasswomen for each offense; at this hearing they are “sentenced to wear large cardboard placards for a day.” The senior council does the sentencing when sophomore and junior women disre gard certain rulings to which they are subject. Betty Co-ed (from Oklahoma A. and M. college) will dance even if she has to shed shoes. At the re cent co-ed prom held in the college gymnasium, the director of athletics refused to permit the girls on the floor in leather soled shoes. “Rub her soles or nothing” was the order; SQ about 1,000 co-eds danced—sans “dem golden slippers.”
(jsJlnhA. Tybjbu&ldu PREPARE Your Car FOR COLD WEATHER
Don't let cold weather bother your car. Slow starting and sluggish performance in cold weather can be cured. It will pay you to take care of your car before it is too late. Drive in today for a complete winter servicing job/and drive with confidence.
Peter Anderson Co. 24 Hour Service Phone 404S 525 Alabama St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbiy
I i.
“It’s for you—but dibs on the core!”
table to girls other than those with whom boys do not like to associate.” Aren’t they ? .Prom-politician Sadler is having a hard time these days keeping his romance going with Theta Masters. She objects to his being away from her so much at night drumming up votes. We will pay tow dollars ($2) for
TODAY—TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
TIME OUT FOR HILARITY!
PLUS — ELMER RICE’S PULITZER PRIZE DRAMA! “STREET SCENE” with Sylvia Sidney Wm. Collier, Jr. Also Mickey Mouse
Today - Saturday TWO BIG FEATURES
Matching wits for one of the world’s most' valuable gems.
ICESAR ROMERO PHYLLIS BROOKS plus THETERROR OF WAR\.THE THRILL OF LOVE..IN THE MYSTERIOUS EAST)
IIEVERLY RORERTt * RICARDO
an excuse covering a penalty day absence.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
BWClEL TheUmqefm
A c
IWJ
A COLUMBIA
PICTURfi
THnOBBiNG THRiLLSJ m
—ALSO— “Robinson Crusoe” —PLUS— “State Police Raid” SUNDAY — MONDAY “50 Roads to Town”
“Too Many Wives’
TODAY - SATURDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS! Frankie Darro in “Anything for a Thrill” —Plus— “The Phantom of Sante Fe” (All in Natural Color)
Today - Saturdaykf "f
1.
Friday. llioveiiiJwr Id. 1937
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Old Oaken Bucket Present Boilermaker Oesire
Womens Athletics
Hockey Trip Eleven representatives of the WAA and Miss Brady of the PEW department will leave early tomorlow morning to take part in the annual Hockey Day at the University of Chicago. The Purdue team will play their first game with Michigan State at 11 o’clock tomorrow morning. In the afternoon they will meet Iowa University at 3 o’clock. A tea for all the representatives of the 15 schools participating will follow the last game of the afternoon. The members of the team going are: Evelyn Heeter, Jo Cook, Mar garet Jenkins, Patricia Clymer, Janette Morris, Sally Bouton, Betty Beaudry, Dorothy Holden, Mary Holtman, Louise Thomas, and Katherine Mounce. There is still room in the bus for a few more girls who would like to attend the tournaments. Anyone interested in going should see Miss Brady at the Gym as soon as possible today. Transportation is pro vided by the WAA. The bus leaving early Saturday morning will have room for others than the hockey conference attend ers. Those interested in a one-way passage or a round trip ticket (re-
Cary Hall 4 Captures Ward Touchball Title Cary Hall 4 received the Intramural touchball crown for unorganized men last night, when the squad defeated Ward 12 in the last five minutes of play, 6 to 0. Playing under inclement weather conditions with snow steadily falling during the entire game, both teams were scoreless until the boys from Cary Hall North used a well organized play which caught their opponents unawares. The team, quarterbacked by the son of Notre Dame’s former coach, Jesse Harper, was untied and unscoied upon during the entire tournament. §
turning Saturday night) should get in touch with the WAA office. Miss Veronica Brady, sponsor, stated last night. A last practice for the hockey team, and the last game of the season here, will be played this afternoon at 4 o’clock on the Women’s Athletic Field. Any co-eds interested may play. Sports Spread Four “P” monograms were given at the WAA cabin last night, at the Fall Sports Spread, to the girls with 1,000 WAA points. Mary Ellen Delaplane, Mabel Campbell, Marcia McKinsey, and Ruth Wiley were the (Continued on page 4)
POPCORN Helps Get the Lessons Over DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
When your house closes it’s kitchen to you on Sunday Evening enjoy tasty Woifles and Coffee or select from a large variety of Sandwiches in the Grill Lounge
JfuL fiju/idwL WjimiAJbaL lAnimL Corner of the Campus-^Yet the Center of Activities
Coach Reecks Issues First Wrestling Call For Monday; Seven Matches Scheduled Purdue’s latest addition to the athletic roster, wrestling, will get under way with Coach C. C. Reeck’s first call for prospective matmen set for Monday, at 4 p. m. ' All upperclassmen interested m representing Purdue on the mat are requested to report to Coach Reeck at the Fieldhouse for the initial pi’actice. Freshmen are scheduled to begin practice one week later dn Monday, November 29. No Experience Necessary Since wrestling is a new intercollegiate sport on the Purdue campus the potential strength cannot be predicted, but a few of the boys have been working out at the gym, and have shown promise of developing into good varsity material. Previous wrestling experience will not be necessary for anyone desiring to try out for the tearA.| Letters will be awarded to the varsity and freshmen will receive numerals. The team will be represented in the following weight divisions: 118, 126, 135, 145, 155, 165, 175, and the heavyweight class. The tentative schedule as it now stands has seven matches arranged for the squad with the possibility of at least one more: Dec. 11—Wheaton College (there). Jan. 8 —Chicago (there). Jan. 15—Normal (here). Feb. 5 —Normal (there), Feb. 12—Wheaton (here). Feb. 19—Chicago (here). Feb. 26—Northwestern (there). Kent State—To be arranged. May Enter Big Ten Meet If enough of the boys show sufficient improvement towards the end of the season. Coach Reeck will enter the squad in the Big Ten Conference meet at Evanston in March.
Kicker
Trophy Goes On Auction Block Again Tomorrow By Bill Buchanhn, Sports Editor, The Indiana Daily Student Bloomington, Ind., Nov. 18. — Tomorrow the Old Oaken Bucket will go on the Indiana-Purdue auction block again to be sold to the highest bidder in terms of football points. Purdue, who has been entangled in the throes of a “bucket” depression for the last three years—McMillin years—will shoot the works in an effort to present Noble Kizer with the finest Christmas gift he could ask for when he returns from recuperation sojourn in New
G. L. Fowler, senior Indiana back, made a 90 yard punt against the wind from his own goal line in last year’s Purdue-Indiana game.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Clevett Wins Greek Cross Country Meet Ploughing through snow which had fallen steadily since yesterday morning, 14 freshmen braved the wintry elements m the interfraternity freshman cross country race last evening. M. L. Clevett, Phi Kappa Psi, led the field with C. C. Reeves, Phi Gamma Delta, and M. White, Phi Kappa Sigma repeating their performance of a month ago by finish ing in that order behind the Phi Kappa Psi entry. Clevett’s winning time of 13:28 was three-tenths of a second bet ter than that he turned in October 21 to win the interfraternity cross country race in spit^ of the snow covered course. Points toward the interfraternity participation trophy will be awarded the fraternities which had members finishing in the first eight.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
Honey in the bowl The"YeUo Bole" treatment—real honey mthebowl —gives this pipe a “well-broken-in” taste immediately, AND impregnates the briarwood thoroughly as you smoke, so its wonderful flavpr is preserved permanently Special attachment gives (1) automatic free draft (2) double-action condensor. YELLO-BOLE
Also "CARBURETOR" "STEMBITER". "iMPERIAl" VEILO-BOLES, $1.25 & $1 50
THEN HE CHANGED TO GEISLER'S CLOTHES
500 MAIN ST.
Mexico — the Old Oaken Bucket. And the Indiana eleven, which has become so accustomed to drinking from the famed water pail duiing the McMillin era that its absence would be nothing short of tragic, is not at all prepared to surrender this victory relic. A Preliminary Battle Already a great preliminary battle IS under way between Coaches Bo McMillin and Mai Elward. The head men in tomorrow’s festivities are endeavoring to find which is the most proficient “blues singei” in the Big Ten. “Things look bad for old Indiana,” moaned McMillin after darkness had calleij a halt to the Crimson’s long secret practice session Wednesday night. At the same time up in Lafayette, Elward issued a statement to the effect that Purdue had a very remote chance of beating Indiana. The winner of that contest also will be de cided tomorrow. ^ Individual Show Few of the 32,000 spectators who crowded into Ross-Ade stadium last fall to witness that thrilling 20-2Q tie can forget the remarkable in dividual duel staged by Cecil (we 'like to pronounce it “Sessil” here at Indiana) Isbell and Vernon Huff man. Hardly had the customers checked to see if they had been pickpocketed on their way into the stadium when
Huffman grabbed the opening kickoff on his own goal line and raced and dodged his way through the entire Purdue team to the Boilermaker ten-yard line. Only a sensational tackle fiom behind by Don Powell saved Puidue from possible rout. Then Isbell took over the aggressive and Ills long forward passes sent the Riveters off to a 13-0 lead that was vanquished and replaced by a 20-13 Hoosier advantage as a direct result of Huffman’s uncanny accuracy in the aerial department. But Isbell had one more touchdown pass in his system and he combined this with an educated toe to again knot the count as the game ended. Indiana Backs This year that same Isbell will bear the brunt of the Purdue drive. However, his task will be doubly difficult tomorrow. The rugged Texan will be forced to combat two Indiana backfield powers instead of ‘just one, for cavorting in Crimson back lines will be Frank Filchock, passer par excellence, and Corby Davis, plunger and punter pre-em-inent. Davis, even more than Isbell, has been mentioned in All-American circles in vociferous tones. The battering Corby, by sheer manpower alone, has ripped opponents’ lines to shreds time after time. Centre, Minnesota, Illinois, Cincinnati, Nebraska, Ohio State and Iowa will (Continued on page 4)
These Students Did and Won 1.000 PHIUP MORRIS E. B. W. H. Shinkle—112 North St.—West Lcdayette. Indiana 200 PHILIP MORRIS E. B.
Gordon Tafel J. F. Schweidler Chester Kessler Jack Frazier
W. E, Fourmer F. S. Bremer Carl Judire Clay A. Benichon
J. W Castino J. Crump Pete Scott C, W. Hamilton
50 PHILIP MORRIS E. B. Nina Fricki Margaret Kichey R. B Wehrung This Week's PHILIP MORRIS Scorecast is on: PURDUE vs. INDIANA NOTRE DAME vs. NORTHWESTERN Have you entered? Write your score, name and affiliation on back of a PHILIP MORRIS wrapper and deposit in Ballot Boxes at' DEAC'S SOUTHWORTH'S BARTLETrS THE SWffiT SHOP or at your fraternity or sorority house. Contest rules posted at all above places. Final group prizes to fraternity, soronty and independent group for most ballots during the entire contest on display at DEAC'S.
SCARFS In Silks and Wools
A variety of smart scarfs that give such mterest\ing costume effects Bright plaids, gay prints and plain colors
$1.00
EACH
Lcrfayette's COLLEGIATE SHOP
Eost Sid* «f Squcic*
4 r 4^ if' / 'ti' \. " J r-f'
mipMiiiiiWpiipjiiiiif
Ir
[^,1'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 19.1937
Old Oaken Bucket-
(Continued from pag:e 3)
vouch for that in no uncertain terms. Tackle Twins When you start talking about tackle twinsi don’t think Woltinan and Schreyer of Purdue comprise the only, such pair. Indiana boasts a pair of tackles that compare favorably with any in the nation in burly Bob Haak and Charley McDaniel. These two stalwarts, along with center Sparky Miller, have been the main reasons why Hoosier opposition has managed to garner only three touchdowns in seven games— the best defensive record of any Big Ten team. A lost art may be rediscovered tomorrow if the occasion demands. Indiana’s Sparky Miller and Purdue’s Cecil Isbell are both capable of booting field goals from placement, and it is quite likely that the epic battle may be decided, by a three-point margin. Isbell toed one over the uprights in the Fordham tilt and Miller made good on kicks against each Ohio State and Iowa.
Women’s Athletics--(Continued from page 3)
By Sally McKee Perhaps Emily Post doesn’t know that photographs are exchangeable gifts between boys and girls. Anyhow, she had no answer for the young lady who inquired of this column about the etiquette of picture exchanging. But here’s our idea on the subject. There can-be few gifts more personal than a picture of oneself given to a friend, male or femalq. Our correspondent inquires may slie give a picture to a young man with whom she is going “steady,” but who has not asked for said picture ?. The most liberal answer seems to be “pei’haps,” but only in a very advanced state of “steadiness.” For a girl to offer her picture would generally be considered forward, or bold. The second question was, “Should I give my picture to a boy who asks for it even though I am not going with him “steady.” Here we think the answer is, “What do you want to do?,” If you want to give him your picture and he asks for it, give it to him. If you don’t want to give it to him, just forget it. He shouldn’t be so I'ude as to insist. So in the absence of advice from Emily we suggest that you follow your own good judgment and sense of propriety.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. St^plies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—Remington portable typewriter. Good as new. Reasonable. 434 Littleton.
STUDENTS WANTED—To do slide rule calculations. 40 cents an hour. See Mr. Lutz in room 134 of the Electrical Building at 4 p. m. Thursday.
LOST—In Library, black, threefingered, sheeplined mitten. Reward. Call 2649 evenings. Szabo.
LOST—Please return to check room B. Mowry’s Calculus book given by mistake Tuesday.
LOST—Slide Rule, name of Campbell on it. Call 2532. Ask for Nash.
recipients of the highest award that WAA can give. Class numei'als were awai’ded, followed by a discussion of plans for the winter indoor sports season. Results of the hockey tournament, with the juniors victors, sophomores runners-up, were also announced. The awards followed an informal supper of chili and salad, Which was in turn followed by group singing of ballads and popular songs, Girls who received numerals will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. Bowling Classes Teams have been chosen in the bowling classes under the leadership of Miss Helen Knight and are holding the new group competitions for the class championship. Marjorie Sherman’s team was victorious in the 9:00 class on 'Tuesday-
over four other squads which were captained by Janet Decker, Eva Robertson, Ruth Randall and Pat Heine. This team will play Charlotte Lochner’s team of the 9:00 class on Wednesday. Miss Lochner’s opponents for the championship of her class were the teams headed by Dorothy Johnson, Joanne Edson, Eva Dean Montgomery, and Mai'y Jane Larramore. The winner of this contest will meet the leading team of the ll:O0 class on Tuesday which will be one of the teams headed by Estella Dix, Arlene Rothenberger, Mary Clymer, June Prentiss or Mary Lou Carter. This final play-off will be held some time next week. Mary Clymer has bowled 170, the highest score throughout the semester. Janet,Decker follows with 164, Marjorie Sherman with 152, Mary Lou Swainy with 152 and Joanne Edson with 139.
WANTED—Roommate for Ag student hear Ag campus. Single beds. 21 University street.
FOR RENT—Modern sleeping room for two students. Inquire 725 N. Main street. West Lafayette. Phone 7372.
otices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in room , 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMITH.
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at Senate office, room A 4 to 5 p. m. until November 23. —ELLIOTT.
the removal of O grades will be given in Room 208, Civil Engineering Building, on November 27th. from 1 to 4 p. m. Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undersigned prior to November 26. —GREVE.
Bowlers: There ■ will be no merchant’s league bowling November “il. —GARTEN.
Playshop: Meeting in sub-basement of the Union at 4 p. m. November 18 for publicity and stage crews. Important. —MULLER.
Pt Tau Sigma: Pledges get cycles Sunday at 1016 First street, —HARVEY.
, Purdue Engineer: All editorial staff workers report for work November 19 at 4 p. m.
—PRECHtER. WBAA Announcing Staff; Meeting at 7 :30 . m. November 23 in Union. No picture. —WILLIAMS.
Seniors: All seniors who have received their proof cards come to the Debris office November 19. —SIEBENTHAL.
Fencers: No practice November 19. Want complete team out November 22, in the Fieldhouse. . - „„„„„ —zwiEc;. Ushers and Police: Students who worked at football games inaji’ get their pay at the 'Ticket Office in the north end of Purdue —SANDERS.
Co-eds: Shuffle Board and Ping Pong call-outs November 80 at 4 :00 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. _ Sign up on the btUletin board. Everyone interested please come. —BLANK.
Take less time out
Have your suit Crown Cleaned and Pressed, waiting: for you on a moment’s notice. Thus avoiding ‘Tinie out” waiting to have it cleaned and pressed when you need it.
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED AND PRESSED REGULARLY
FI N E C L E AN E R S O F F I N E C L O T H E S WES’T LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
If our
WAA Hockey Conference: Girls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women’s Gym at 11 a. m. Saturday. —BRADY.
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp) : Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p. m. Get permits in CE 102 before December 1. —TODD.
Hydraulics (C.E. 41) : An examination for
FLAVOR in baked goods The success of any food product depends upon its flavor. We always strive to make our products tempting and delicious. We believe we have reached our objective. Try our baked goods and
be convinced.
Grave's quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W. L.
LEARN TO DANCE Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S” Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. Adult Tap Class Opens Thursday, Dec. 2 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Roller Skating Every Night MAPLE POINT SKATING RINK We Cater to Skating Parties ■ ' ■ , ■ , ■ / • V ■ ■ f Willard C. Myers, Prop.
%ii ‘to 1)0 3
You really don't haye to be a detective to discover the reasons why we enjoy the University's best men's clothing business. For years we've been making a habit of giving men an overflowing measure of value in their clothing...better fabriGS, faultless tailoring according to smartest clothing traditions. We do a good job of value-giving whether it's a ready-to-wear or custom-tailored suit you buy. Why not investigate?
Opposite tjie Mars
the
Service Directory
—- Bookstores — SOUTHWORTffS Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist -—
fioJth J-hJiisti Inc. 635 Main St* in Lana ’Theatra Building Phone 7955—8050 — Beauty Studio —
( EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Furniture — Student Equipment
3juhniijvut 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
—- Locksmith -rF. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock oerrlee our iH>Mialtv. L. C. N. Door Cloaor Diatributers 209-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828