©he Pursue 'Sxpsxnent
LAI*AYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1936
VOLUME XLVIII
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
aar
NUMBER 05
Bradley Tech Invades Purdue Today
Gimlets Play Reamer Net Five Monday Frosh - Varsity Battle Follows Comic Tilt In Jefferson Gym PROBABLE LINEUP Reamers Position Gimlets Fields F Ehinger Abbott P Girard Smith C Forster Milner G Humphreys Wade G Mueller Organized and unorganized men representing the two athletic booster honoraries, Reamer and Gimlet, will meet in a basketball game at 7 p. m. Monday night. This tilt will precede the freshman-varsity contest, sponsored by the Reamers. Bloomers vs. Step-Ins The Reamer five, outfitted in colorful bloomers, will wear pajamas in place of sweat suits, while the Gimlet boys, not to be out-done, plan to wear step-ins during part of the game. Both teams plan to substitute quite freely according to information received last night. After the.,Reamer-Gimlet preliminary the frosh team will meet the varsity in an encounter that will provide the first opportunity of seeing future Boilermaker stars in action.
O’Brien Next On Convo list Publisher To Speak On Our International Trade Policy Thursday “Our International Trade Policy” will be Dr. Robert Lincoln O’Brien’s subject when he speaks at the second lecture convocation Thursday in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. O’Brien, president of the Boston Publishing Company, has been chairman of the United States Tariff Commission since 1931. He was also President Grover Cleveland’s personal secretary. Dr. O’Brien has served as Washington correspondent and as editor of the Boston Transcript.
SAE Auto Show Displays Camp Car Now on display at the S. A. E. automobile show in the Mechanical Engineering Laboratory is a special camping car, owned by Dr. C. H. Robertson, of West Lafayette. The auto includes a food cabinet, a folding table, a 10-second bed, an upper berth, and screened windows.
Six Ineligible For Fraternity Swimming Those men whose names follow are ineligible for competition in the forthcoming interfratemity swimming meet to be held next Monday and Tuesday, according to M. L. Clevett, director of intramural athletics: E. G. Closson, Farwell, A. P. Gillis, J. F. McCauley, P, H. Vernor, and R. H. Wallace.
Students at Ohio State University were charged 21 cents apiece to vote by absentee ballot. The total cost of voting by mail was $175.
DEBRIS DEADLINE
The Debris office oh the second floor of the Memorial Union Building will be open from 9 a. m. until 3 p. m. December 12 for students who wish to purchase yearbooks for $4. This is the last time to get a Debris before the price is raised to $4.50. —VAN NATTA.
Just Imagine A Nudist Colony Dance! ThaVs How Rassle Went Highbrow!
By W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey Everybody from Mae West and Harpo Marx down to Tarzan and Napoleon was there. SDX members wore black tissue paper toppers, but the rest of their costumes were a motley lot. We saw Hugh Forster with a stud glued to his manly(?) chest. Johnny Drake was carrying his little baby, E. B. Best, under his arm. Evelyn Hill attracted attention with her costume made out of old newspapers—^we tried to read them but were just in the middle of an election story when Betty* Co-ed Barnett walked by in a costume made from the pennants of leading colleges. Hung From Gallows Stevens was there in dutch sabots and smoking a German pipe. Zettel was hung up from a gallows around his neck, and Messier wore his pharmacy clothes as usual. ^ A little before 11 o’clock “Barnum” Morris called the “ladies and gentlemen” to the platform for the prize contests. Ippolito got his two dollars back for his costume. He had on a pair of silk bloomers and a corset borrowed from the house mother. The best costume for the fair sex went to Margie Watson, who looked more like a French siren than anything else we can think of.
Greeks Sponsor Christmas Parties For Poor Children Christmas parties ?ol«‘ pool? <?bil4 dren will be given by fratemitie's this year as in the past. The Interfraternity Council has appointed a committee headed by Bob Brinson to canvass the community in order to determine which children will attend the parties. The committee will hand over its recommendations to the fraternities and each fraternity will call for the children at their homes on the day of the fraternity’s party.
Exponent Selects THE All American Football Eleven By H. I. Stanback “We,” proclaimed the editor, “must keep up with the times. Other papers select eleven men each for their own, private All-Ameri-can teams. We must uphold the honor of the Exponent.” So the Friday night staff was assigned the task of picking THE All American team — the Exponent team. Thjen “Rip” Manion, night ed, gave further orders, ko player that appeared on any other All-Ameri-can team could be given the honor of an Exponent team position. Drawing From Hat After due consideration, long search through newspaper files, and a drawing of slips from a hat, the entire Friday night staff decided on the following eleven men as the Exponent All-American Team For 1936: LE Lock Yale LT Banks Wabash LG Naughty Marietta C Hunchback .... Notre Dame RG Highway Tulane RT., Scratch Penn. RE. Acorn Holyoke QB ...Bean Boston HB Bottom Pitt HB Lake Michigan FB., Moon Miami
EXPONENT STAFF
Short, important meeting December 12 at 1:30 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Coed, sports, and editorial staffs are requested to be present. —MORRIS.
A “fur lined thunder mug” went to Charlie Trees for his pilosity. Johnny Lewis had the fuzziest, and the rest of the boys in the contest got a shower of calciumr carbonate on thSir noggins for their trouble. There was no contest for the hottest loving couple—the boys were afraid to give up professional secrets on their technique. But the “thermo-couple” couch was ready for the braver neckers to test their skill. Forster Depantsed! And if you promise not to tell a soul, we’ll let you in on a little secret. Forster came with a pair of cords and when the riveters “depantsed” him, his red fiannel underwear got an airing.
'Albert P. Stewart
Music Groups To Sing Carols And Cantata The combined Concert Choir, the University Choir, and Glee Clubs will present “The Birth of Christ,” by Alfred Woolen, at the annual Christmas convocation in Fowler Hall Tuesday night. Albert P. Stewart, University music director, will supervise the program. Recorded Christmas carols will be amplified from the steps of Fowler Hall until 7:40, when the string ensemble of the University Orchestra plays Christmas music. The processional and carols simg by the audience will precede the cantata, which is to be the main part on the program. “Silent Night,” the recessional, will close the evening’s entertainment at 9 o’clock.
Decorations Give Union Festive Air Evidence of the approach of Christmas may be seen in the decoration of the Union Building. On entering, one’s eye is caught by long streamers of holly. Wreaths decorate windows, doors, and other conspicuous points. The center of all this decoration is the lobby. A huge lighted Christmas tree reaching to the top of the speond floor stands in one corner, while a silver star trimmed with blue lights hangs on the balcony.
Riflery Starts Monday W. A. A. will begin its intra-mur-al rifle matches Monday, Margaret Richey, rifle chairman, announced yesterday. The matches will continue throughout the week and^ihe class teams will be announced before Christmas.
FRATERNITY MANAGERS
Please turn in swimming entries December 12. —BANKER
V. C. Meredith Final Services This Morning Home Ec Qasses Dismissed; Elliott Asks Period Of Silence Funeral services for Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, University trustee since 1921, who died Thursday afternoon from complications resulting from a heart attack, will be held this morning at 9:30 from the home on Waldron street. The burial will take place at Cambridge City. President E. C. Elliott requests that deans and heads of schools and departments, and officers arrange for a brief period of silence at 9:30 this morning, at which time taps will be sounded. Dr. Elliott asks that all campus activities cease during the playing of taps. According to information that was received from the president’s office, all class exercises in the school of home economics will be discontinued this morning.
Choirs Present Music Festival^ At Jeff Tomorrow Under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, the University Choir will join the choirs of the Lafayette churches in presenting a choir festival at 3:30 tomorrow afternoon in the Jefferson High School gymnasium. The 125 members of the organization will sing “Light,” by Hoppin, as their special number on the program.
Browsing Room Shows New Books, Reprints The exhibition of new books and reprinted old books that opened yesterday in J;he Browsing Room of the Union Building will be continued through Wednesday. Librarian Mrs. L. W. Jossel3m of the Browsing Room especially stressed the variety of literature which the publishers sent for this display. The books shown range in subject from cooking to history, fiction to philosophy, art to science. Music and music books donated by Lyon and Healy are also being exhibited.
Independents Skate At Maple Point Tonight P. I. A. will hold a skating party tonight at the Maple Point skating rink from 7 o’clock until 10 o’clock. The party will be free to those who present their P. L A. membership cards, but a charge of 15 cents will be made for those who ride on the busses. Busses will leave promptly at 6:45 p. m., 7:15 p. m., and 7:45 p. m. from the Memorial Union Building. Refreshments will be served at the rink.
R. S. Fonts, ’17, Named Land Bank Director Rasnnond S. Pouts, Purdue '17, has been elected by the Fourth Farm Credit Administration district, consisting of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee, to a local directorship of the Federal Land Bank of Louisville, as announced by the president of the bank, Ernest Rice.
SPORTS WRITERS
A meeting of the sports staff of the Exponent will be held December 12 at the Phi Kappa Psi House at 4 o’clock. All members of the staff and freshmen interested in becoming members should report. —WOOD.
Lambertmen Will Play Peoria Five At Jeff Former Hoosier High School Stars Will Lead Visiting Team’s Attack PROBABLE LINEUP Purdue Position Bradley Tech F Horstman Youn^ F Getz Seward (C) C Englehom Malaska G MiUer Downey (C) G Panish OFFICIALS—^Referee, Kaufman, Shelbyville; Umpire, Feezle, Indianapolis. Bradley Tech’s well-balanced basketball quintet will invade the Jefferson high school gymnasium here tonight against Purdue determined to turn its second start of the season with a Big Ten foe into a victory. The Peoria quintet, built around a pair of former Hoosier
high
school stars, Gordon
Horstman, of Logansport, and Lester Getz, of Goshen, displayed a flashy attack in its initial encounter with the Iowa
Hawkeyes.
Purdue’s hopes of chalking up its second victory of the season are based on a continuation of the speed attack that routed Western State in the f\nal six minutes of play last Monday night. Lambert intends to stick to the deft-passing and fast-shooting veteran combination that started against the Kalamazoo quintet.
Tayl.
or, Wills Win Photo Prizes
First prize in the second annual Fall Camera Club exhibit contest judged last night, went to R. B. Taylor for his picture “Fading Light.” R. G. Wills took second and third prizes as well as honorable mention for his photos “Aisle of Palms,” “Ship’s Wake,” and “Panamanian Waterfall.” These pictures will be hung in the music room of the Memorial Union today.
Halls of the buildings at the College of Moimt St. Joseph on the Ohio are now equipped with ink filling stations. A penny in the slot will release enough ink for a fountain pen filling.
To Inspect Insect Control At Ag Conf. Increasing demand for means of protecting crops and property from insect losses is reflected in the number of discussions on insect control which have been scheduled for the Agricultural Conference Week to be held at the University the week of January 11. Various members of the Entomology department and representatives of the federal bureau of Elntomology and Plant Quarantine will participate in these sessions. In addition to insect control problems, the Entomology department will conduct a three-day short course on beekeeping for beekeepers and fruit growers in the state.
Maxwell To Give Lecture On Locks Maxwell C. Maxwell, assistant to the president of the Yale and Towne Manufacturing Company, will talk at the A. S. M. E. meeting Mpnday at 4 p. m. in room 108 in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Maxwell will talk on the history and romance of locks. He will describe the evolution of locks &om earliest history to the present time.
LU.DeanWmAnend Meredith Funerd Dean Agnes Wells, dean of woni' en, and Mrs. Teetor, woman trustee of Indiana University, arrived today to attend the funeral of Virginia C. Meredith.
Alumni Plan Grid Banquet Football Squad, Coaeh To Go To Indianapolis
Thursday
The Indianapolis Purdue Alumni Association will hold its aTmTii*l banquet Thursday night in honor of the Boilermaker football squad and Coach Noble Kizer at the roof garden of the Severin Hotel in the
Capitol city.
The guests for the event will be the complete ^rsity squad, headed by Captain-elect Martin Schreyer, this year's captain, George Bell, and the entire varsity and fireshman coaching staffs.
Campus Varieties Broadcast From Music Room Today Kenny Ebershoff and his orchestra wUl lead in the production of the Campus Varieties broadcast from the music room of the Mmnorial Union Building at 2 p. m. today. Seating arrangements have been made for any persons wishing to attend. The Rhythm Swingsters, a harmony trio, will give their chara^ teiistic interpretations of todars song hits. June Conklin, accompanied by Ruth Crone at the piano, will bring variety to the music with several semi-classical numbers. With the orchestra as a background of melody, Ruth Grimm will gpva her version of some popular songs. Winchell Slant Jack O'haver, Exponent Bold and Black editor, with the assistance of Sara Schaaf, will give a Winchell slant as he reveals the truth about the Campus High-Lights. Dick Craig, who can hardly be distinguished from the r^ Arkansas Bob Bums, will relate the espades of his numerous undies, aimts, and'eousins.
Cadet Officers* Banquet Tuesday Santa Claus wUl be on hand, and burlesque presents exritanged at the annual Cadet Officers' Christmas party next Tuesday^ noon in the Memorial Union Building. Several members of the faculty have been invited to the banquet. A musical program will be presented from 12 unt^ 12:30 o'clock.
Correctioii Alpha Tan Omega, not Alpha Phi Omega, as erroneously stated in yesterday's Espomenl^ elected the following officers: R. EL Johnsoi^ president; N, H. Shea, chaplain; It A. Hedlun, treasurer; W. K. hoUand, scribe; B. R. Tam, usher; H. B. Wantland, sentinel; and Bk R. Bnrkhdlder, ef annals.)
. y,. ^ THE HURDUB EXPONENT
f't !
\ < *•{
' fKi
f ^ 1
■i \
:iY
•T'-’T^" u
Saturday, Decenlbey 12,1980
The Editor Says
In Rebuttal
Supposedly in reply to the editorial discussing the Student Senate which appeared two days ago, President Glen W. Maiim, of the Senate, has written a “Readers Opinion, which appears elsewhere in this column. In the editorial, it was stated that the Senate has done nothing, and the statement ^ill stands. President Martin claims that he has done a considerable bit of work in laying the foundations necessary for a student gowrnment, but, as yet, nothing h^ ^tually been DONE to benefit the student body. The discouraging fact about Martin’s ‘ reT)lv” is that he forgets to say much about the Senate, and apparently prefers to cast aspersions on the characters of those m charge of the Exponent. That, of course, will do nothing to help the Senate out of the mess in wWch it has found itself. Exponent men are notoriously able to “take it;’’ we know we are not perfect, and we don’t mind being told so, even by “Big Shots.” As regards our policy, however, it might be well to say here that we have cooperated in everything that we believed to deserve support. President Martin knows about this cooperation, for I even delayed publication of that “blast for a full month, hoping that the Senate would get As to the proposals concerning what the Senate might do if it chooses, nothing was said about their being original with the Exponent. They have been tenets of good student government ever since student government was founded. He mentioned three “important questions” as being “under consideration by the Senate. The addition of a hygiene course has been studied by a faculty committee, whose chairman asked my opinion and cooperation, and these were immediately given. The relief of the jam at the gates of the Stadium is prehaps the most ridiculous “important question” possible. It proves that our Student Senate is in a class with many legislative bodies which not infrequently spend a great deal of time in discussing irrelevant and trivial subjects, over which they have no control whatsoever. The point about open campaigning was first discussed in the Senate last Spring, but was promptly shoved aside. K the present Senate eventually passes such a proposal, it can at least be said that “the Senate has done something at last.” Primarily, the Exponent is interested in seeing a real, working student government in existence here. Mere exchanges of adjectives, no matter how forceful, will not aid in accomplishing this aim. That is w'hy Martin’s letter will be forgotten as soon as possible. Readers’ Opinions The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
In Reply
To the Editor: Yesterday’s comments, or rather, to humor the characteristic flavor therein, the mighty “blast” directed at the Student Senate, was an amusing attempt to accomplish the old trick of “stealing thunder.” To elucidate: several good ideas were mentioned in the editorial yesterday, those with regard to regular meetings particularly. These ideas, however, were recently proposed by Senate members and are now in effect. Publicity of these facts in the form of numerous notices and editorials, however, is still in preparation. To the observant and intelligent individual, the experiences of the Senate last year would indicate that some form of reorganization was appropriate, and also that reckless haste is inadvisable. It is remarkable indeed that such a condemnation, however insignificant, could be announced by anyone who has no idea of the $artiue exponent Ftonnded fn 188S
RBPIIBSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUete Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N Y CHICAGO . Boston . San Francisco 1.08 ANOELeS - PORTLAND • SEATTLE Entered ss seeond class matter at the post office. Lafayette. Indiana. DeiiTcred by mall. $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier. $2.60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Dailj Student Publication of Purdue University EDITOBIAL BTAFP Bditoir-in-Chlet „w. T. Hunt Managing Editor B. H. Morris AasoeUte Editors. K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, _ . . , S. P. Ifainion, O. L. Sadler Bophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. duqiin, jr. E, Clark, L, S. Hardin, ^ ^ H Keller, B, H. Kellogg. K. E. O’Neil, C. D. Schroeder. EC. L Stanback, D. B. Vance. ~ WOMEN'S STAFF ’ ■mtor...—„—... ^ — Helen Creech Associate Eattors Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, . . „ Elisabeth Pyke Advertising Manager „„ Hetty Barnett ^ „ BUSINESS STAFF Bosiness Mbnager— Jt. J. Hulse Matton^A^c^iw Manager „JL. H. Brown Local, AdveitlsiBg Manager d. C. MiUer Oimuatlon Managwr P. Qinurd . . BPOBTS STAFF flnrts Ed^r_ JL D. Wood ftHWts Kdttont...- W. H, FUeld, S. B. Oriffitbs, sL F, Obenebaln losne Editor—H. 1. Stanback.
work being done in the Senate. There was definitely no investigation of facts preceding yesterday’s editorial. Consequently that editorial smacked strongly of an old cry. Itt other words, the rash statements are at least one year out of date, and had no grounds other than the satisfaction of some personal egotistical illusions on the phrt of its proponent. The Senate today is not down. It is definitely improving, as difficult as that may be. It is quite apparent that any success to be met with will not be due in any degree to the Editor of the Exponent. The receipt of criticism and suggestive matter is not only appreciated by the Senate, it is requested. The organization is one created by the students and should function to please them. However, ridiculous dictatorial opinions issued yesterday by an uninformed person were distinctly lacking both in taste and in veracity. This applies especially in this case on the subject of apathetic organization, in short, “Persons inhabiting houses of glass should be cautious about tossing stones.” In the face of the admitted mercenary policy of the Exponent, the present circulation it would seem is a trifle inconsistent. To enlarge on similar points: the Exponent, due probably to the present executives thereof, has been noticeably deficient this year in cooperating with, not only other campus organizations, but also the University itself. Since the Exponent has followed several Senate ideas in relaying planks in their platform, might it be suggested that they consider another plank for the year’s program? A new policy for the Exponent. The Exponent is also a student organization, a point which seems to have been forgotten, or disregarded. As a matter of interest, there are three im portant questions under consideration by the Senate at present. These points, which have caused considerable student discussion, are: addition of a course in hygiene to the curriculum. the relief of the jam at the stadium gates during home football games, and the regulation of open campaigning preceding student elections. Additional opinions on these and other subjects will, as aforesaid, be welcomed by the Student Senate—Glen W. Martin.
WHAT, NO CANDY??? . . . . The KBt>piEie haven't veeeived any candy from ED CLOSSON, JOE MILES, GEORGE McCULLOUGH or pi kap MAGNUSSEN, who have deposited their pins in said house and owe such. A small group of Kappas who call themselves the 'Pm Takers” swiped the pins belonging to the above and sent the following notice to each of their girls: “Balmy” BAIN, “Heart Throb” HALLAM, “Lovely” LENNOX, “Amorous” AVERY: we have already warned you, now we must act, today is the day, tonight is the night- Your jewelry will be safe from harm unless a sufficient amount of sweet meats (candy to you) is received from current heart throb. Act now—^we will not weaken. Signed—Pin Takers. This went over swell except that CLOSSON and BAIN kmda got huffy about it so his borrowed pm was returned to her . . . No smooching is allowed in the MUSIC ROOM of the Union, so thejrhave fixed up the Sweet Shop with soft lights as an appropriate substitute . . . WANTED—Any fraternity man who IS willing to lend me his pin to wear Monday, Tuesday, or Wed-
nesday when my man arrives from the South. Call me at my bomb. LORNA McLEOD (CSCHOLER'S steady) Monday night will present for the laugh of the student bod ya basketball game between the REAMER and GIMLET Clubs—this Vrill accompany the mam Frosh-Varsity game—^it will be a hoVrl to Watcb the inter-club gatne, for each is going to try to oUt-drCss the other. JARVlS^, iSigma Nu pledge, wishes tu thank Chi O pledge MAYUILL for breaking the date for the Sig Nu dance tonight—after she required that he shave his swell beard before he could go with her (Continued '
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Peace Among The Unions With the American Federation of Labor almost hopelessly split on the question of whether labor unions should be of the horizontal or vertical type, it looks as though there will be a big dispute for many years before the thing gets settled. The difference between the two classes of unions is not so fundamental but what an amicable settlement could be made in the very near future, if only there was no factor of stubborness to complicate the situation. Both kinds of unions are striving for the same laudable aims, but the specialized craftsmen do not like to be classed with ordinary laborers for fear they will lose both their social standing and their pay premiums. There is room for both classes of unions. In certain industries, it would be almost impossible to sort out all the workers into the various crafts, but it would be comparatively simple to group them all together in one big organization. In other cases, the craft system works best, usually when workers of one or two crafts are the only workers employed by the concerm involved. If the differences could be adjusted immediately, American labor would take another major step jforward.
Motor license bureau officials need not expect Indiana University folks to be in any hurry about purchasing those 1937 Purduean Black and Gold plates.—Indiana Daily Stu dent.
The University of Florida offers a first course in an American college with the only purpose of developing a sense of humor. The aim is to develop the student’s ability to view life from the standpoint of the spectator at a comedy, to perceive the comic elements in situations and in people without being upset by them, and above all, to recognize the comic elements in situations and in people without being upset by them, and above all, to recognize the comic elements in himself. They are convinced that the sense of humor is acquired and not inherited.—^N. Y. Times.
The pedestrian does not question that four million cars have been turned out so far this year. When last seen, he was waiting for them to pass. —Evansville Courier.
It used to be said that only two things were certain in this life—^taxes and death—^but to day the third should be added — week-end auto fatalities.—Evansville Courier.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus actly ity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in aB popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Domer’s Flower Shop Qaalitjr Flowers
ARC SUNDAY - MONDAY SYtVlA SYDNEY and SPENCEB TBACY in “THE FURY” — and — BOOEB FBYOB -and WENDIE BABBIE in “Ticket to Paradise”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Garden Murder Case*
“Silver Spurs” “Clutciiing Hand”
i^/look whofs
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Service ORINTING.
OfficG Stellontiy • 5^
Q 'W^tddlng InvIUtioni
® BoototEfCaoos
Hi 6 2 8 CASSEL’S dosnERR
£1
4 Ths twin hilt of "Iho Big Broodcott" tingin’ and twingin’ "Dancing Into My Hoorl", "Two Birdift Up a Trot" ond "Beothovsn, Msndoittohn and litxl". Starts TOMORROW
LUMA
LAST TIMES TODAY ERROL FLYNN OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND
“The Charge of the Light Brigade”
fnSST C^uripi ( ^Pronounced "Oi^win, Oi-tvtn")
The most popular man in four countries, Oiwin, with his galloping gals and phony ponies, tokes the screen in his stride and emerges as hero of the funniest motion picture ever filmed! Don’t miss-’^
AHORSE
TOM BROWN and ELEANOBE WHITNEY in “Rose Bowl
Warner Bros ’ filming of Broadway's biggest comedy hit, with FRANK MoHUGH'JOAN BLONDELL 60Y UBBEE'CAROL HUGHES>A1IEN JENKINS — Starting — TOMORROW
hiARS1
mpini
12 Lettermen Aid Swimmiiig Team Chances
Nine Tankstets Will At tehd Fort Lauderdale, Fla., FoMm
The |>r6sehce bf btt lihastial number of vethrahs Oil the Purdue swimming ^ihd -Wiiteir polo squads brightens pto^j^ects folr Ooach Lar ry LaBree aS he grooms the Boilermaker mermen for the 1937 sea^ son’s schedule of intercollegiate competition. Five major lettermen headed by Capt. Paul Vemor* who ■ took third in the 60-yard free si^le dash in the Big 1’ett title mefet last ybar, arb available for the swimming teain, Vrhile seVeii major lettermen, including Capt. Robert Stewart, are available as the nucleus for the water polo squad.
Nine swimmers will journey to Port Lauderdale, Fla., during the holidays to participate in the swimming forum to be conducted in connection with the annual meeting of the National Intercollegiate Swimming Coaches’ Association. The forum will amount to an intensive period extending from December 20 to December 30, during which time the Boilermakers will have
m.jm m^immLm I 'UMuflPi
Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed. STARTING
MIDNITE SHOW
TONITE 1f:30 p. m.
HER HEART WAS TOO BIG FOR ONE MAN TO POSSESS! ONE WORLD WAS TOO SMALL TO SHARE ALL HER LOVE! Where the Sffhtina w«8 thickest. . . her courage was highest! Her life was an inspiration to Ml woinankina! Her love a blessing to all mankind! And now the gallant story of this first heroic war nurse is imikiortalised on the screen by Warner Bros. . . . with all the shocking truth, thrilling beauty and daring realism that made “The Story of Louis Pasteur” one of the screen's most memorable masterpieces.
KAY'S CLOAKED I'N GREATNESS AS THE FIRST 'WOMAN IN WHITE"
Hay Francis
I i.()i(i:\( K Mi.in-i.NCAi.i.iM
WHITE ANGEL
'"I'h IAN HUNTER Donald Woods • Nigol iruce -'Donald Crisp • Henry O'Noill • Billy Mauch *■
SUNDAY - MONDAY
Bruce Cabot — Last Day in IRENE HERYEY in ' “ALONG CAME LOVE” — and — JACK HOLT in “North of Nome”
Lambertmen Face Tough Schedule Before Holidays
In a final flurry of action before the Christmas holidays, Purdue’s hardwood speedsters -will meet four outstandiUg basketball combinations within a week, beginning with the traditional battle with Butler here Wednesday night. Following the home tilt with Tony Hinklers Bulldogs, who upset the "Boilermakers last season, 41-39, Purdue •will journey to Chicago on Saturday night for a renewal of the rivalry ■with DePaul that has produced some spectacular hardwood action in recent years as the Lambertmeii have chalked up three Straight victories. Fqur Gamefi In A Week The pre-holiday activities Will be ifesuflibd here oft Monday flight, Decettlher 21, ftgftliibt a newcombr oft the Purdue schedule, the University of 'Toledo, one of the strbngebt combinations in the Buckeye state, and the Boilermakers will then take a traift for Cincinnati where they ■will tangle with Xavier in another headline encounter on Tuesday night, December 22.
the advantage of training under the country’s leading authorities as well as attending the numerous discussions. Other Prospects In addition to Capt. Vernor, major lettermen available for the swimming squad include Closson, distances; Kerber, back stroke; and Wallace and Whitcomb, dashes and distances. Among the sophomore possibilities are Armstrong, distances; Carr, breast stroke; Craig and Tredwell, divers, and Jacobi, back stroke. Veterans trying out for the water polo team include Captain Stewart, Wallace, Kerber, Closson, Gillis, VanDelester, Whitcomb> and Ver nor, with Armstrong and Carr as the best possibilities of the sophomore crop.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. tlSHER Watfdimaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Tears in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
n* thiitkina fellow cslla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Bleck Can for Special Occaaiona ISe per paaaenger any part of the eiftr 5028 PHONES 8571 YELLOW CAB CO.
KEYS Keya for trnnka, door lodn. d-ak locka, night latehea and padlocks. Ante keys and handle loche a spedalftr. F. Jos. MuUiaupt Sc Son 259-11 North Flfra Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
R. J. BATH Watch mmt 608 Main Street
BStB
PttoB 'i'ROPS! KLINGER: (Math)—“Now wheft I was taking higher mathematics and physics it was—”
to the WRH formal last Saturday night he was hoping that she would break the date so he could ask a more current model . . .
f
ielder’8....
....choice •By Bob Walpole
The best contribution for the past week was turned in by "One Who Knows” and the MARS DOUBLEPASSES will be at the Union desk at 12 o!flock today—there will be a new contest for the passes next week —WATCH—WATCH— and WATCH . . .
IS IT TRUE???^is it over?? WHAT IS WRONq;??—ruth copeIftnd isn’t wearing dick jones’ pin— WHAT Mas happenedi^?? ...
■f ^ 4- 4- -f 4- -f 4 4
4 4 4
SQUASH 4 4 4 4 4
4 4 4
/ —TODAY— CLASB “A” 1 00—Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Chi Rho. 1 46—Sigma Chi vs Phi Delta Theta
CLASS “B” 2,30—Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho or Sigmh Chi. 3:16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon or Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho or Phi Delta Theta.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Another ball game tonight, and a chance to see what the team has done to improve on its ball handling . . . give them time, though, and it won’t be long until they are in mid-seasoft shfipe . .. that’s just what these early season games are for .... —fc—
G. A. Young has promised Don Powell an H in his ME 90 course for catching up with and tackling Vernon Huffman on his sensational kicfc-off run at the opening of the Boilermaker-Hoosier bucket clash .... if ever anyone deserved an H grade for anything, Powell is the one . . .
Ptirdti^ft swimmem are fnraciieittg daily in preparatimt their Christmas vaeation Fhnrfda Urfp... nine men are going to make the journey south . . .
Molt of t^ vantiQr net tmtni imdre Lafhyeite their hmAe^mtten for Christmas vaeaUon . . . da% praetice and frequent keep them from going home »,,
—fc-
The swimming coaches will have their eijyes on the mterfraternity and interward swimming matches that are coming off soon ... a lot ot potmitiai varsity material found from these ranks . . . —^fc—
The freshmen have quite a team to face the varsity Monday night, and we wouldn’t be surprised if they gave the regular quintet quite a battle . . . those yearlings who have been up and coming are Fisher, Beretta, Herschelman, Baker, and Eauth . . .
s iime SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
APPEARANCE COUNTS
You can bet appearance counts; it counts a lot! And nothing gives a better appearance than a wellgroomed man. Remember—“It pays to look well.”
OPEN XMAS VACATION DOWNSTAIRS
in the PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Comer of Campus—Center of Activity
DANCING ALLiW S LESSONS Indiana*^ largeat Dancing Schaot
MAKEOffiAL caamsTMAs PRESENTS
Phone 2150 For Detafled Inlbrmation BALLET TAP BALLROOM New Oasses Open January, 1937
GREYHOUND'S LOW FARES
bring first aid to badly battered Christmas budgets
ROUND TRIP FARES
NEW YORK, N. Y BOSTON, MASS. CLEVELAND, O. . CHICAGO, ILL. LOUISVILLE, KY. CINCINNATI, O. BUFFALO, N. Y. MINNEAPOLIS , PHILADELPHIA ST. LOUIS, MO. WASHINGTON .. ROCHESTER, N.Y., PITTSBURGH, PA... HAMMOND, IND. DENVER, COLO.
$24.15 . 28.10 10.30
3.55
. 5.60
5^5
15.70
12.55
. 21.90 . 8.85 - 20.55 16.50 12.80
3.15
29.80
All is not lost! You can stiUgethome for Christmas without mor^aging your future —or even your roommate’s wristwatch. Go by Greyhound and save your money. You can go any day, on any schedule—yet rates average 25% to 50% less than other travel ways. 10% extra reduction on all-round trip tickets! Start your Merry Christmas right ... on a warm Greyhound coach.
UNION BUS STATION
5th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2105
Ask about special rates for 10 or more people
GREimOUND
No matter how fine yonr Oothes9 they will always look hotter if properly Cleaned and Pressed
We are specialists in cleaning fine clothes. The reason—^painstaking em^* ployees see that your garments are cleaned right.
Wbst Side Cleaners
Free Pick-Up and DeRvefy 222 North SL PhonatmTHE PtTKDUE EX3P0NENT
Saturday^ December 12,1^86
I ^
5- ^
152 Vine St. West Lafayette
fkmmfr UUNORY ^^aiSiiuic^^ ca
641 Main St, Lafayette
tme)e(
JSj OuVJt SCHATZLEY
Special attention given to Formal Clothes . . . Your Tux and Dress Suits, also Dress Shirts and Collars returned to you done properly . . . Remember we do both Laundry and Dry Cleaning and guarantee our work . . . Send it to either our West Lafayette or our Lafayette office, or you may phone 3085 and our driver will call.
PHONE 3085 American Laundry
Methodist Program: The initiation of new pledges of the Wesley Players will take place at 7:30 tomorrow morning, followed by a breakfast at 8 o’clock. The Sunday school classes will meet as usual at 9:30, the co-ed class at the Foundation House and the men's class at the church. Reverend and Mrs. McFadden will teach their respective groups. Reverend Steele will preach on “Great Expectations” at the regular morning church service at 10:40. Everybody is invited to attend the Fellowship Hour and supper at 5 o’clock at the Foundation House. An appetizing luncheon is served for 15 cents. The Epworth League program at 6:30 is in keeping with the season. Mary Louise Hess and William Keenan will speak on “The Meaning Of Christmas.”
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lovely Old Glass — Bric-a-brac, china, prints, many things that will make lovely Christmas gifts. At Moore’s Antique Shop. 220 N. 5th street.
Extra Money—For Christmas vacation. No experience necessary.
Representing John C. Winston Co. See Mr. Slagle at Fowler Hotel, Tuesday, December 16, after 11 a. m.
For Rent—Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
Westminister Foundation: The program of the Westminister Foundation will be carried out at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. The entire program tomorrow centers around the Christmas theme. At 9:30 there will be a program of Christmas carols in the student rooms of the church. At 6:30 the members of the Sunday Evening Club will present a pageant portraying the Christmas story. The usual supper will be served at 6:15 at 16 cents per plate. Dr. Graham will preach at the morning service at 10:45.
Boys Rooms—Clean, warm, comfortably furnished; innerspring mattresses. 201 W. Stadium avenue. Phone 41552.
Newman Club— The Newman Club will go to communion in a body at the 9:30 Mass at St. Mary’s tomorrow morning. Father Paul Deary, national chaplain of the Newman Club will be the guest speaker.
ONLY
Last Call This is the last day of our Special Drive on Hats, Introducing our new method of Cleaning and Blocking Hats. By this new system, your Hat is so treated, making it Repellent to water
spotting.
Crown Laundry .FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH'ES
50
C
celebration of the Holy Communion. Morning prayer and sermon at 10:45 a. m. At the meeting of the Young Peoples’ Fellowship the program frill be composed of Christmas selections with Marie Wetzel at the piano, and a trio of voices. Supper will be, served at p. m.
Baptist Students: Dean Fisher will teach the student class at 9:30 a. m. tomorrow. Reverend Gleason will use as his morning sermon “The Babe Of Bethlehem.” Freshmen will have charge of the social hour at 5:30. Supper will be served at 6:10 for 10 cents per plate. Discussion group will take up interpretation and singing of Christmas carols.
NOTICES No noticM accepted after I p. m.
Spelling Make-ap—^December 14, at 4 p . and at 6 p. m. for those who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor for assignment. —WYKOFF.
Wanted—Ride to Trenton, N. J., or vicinity for Christmas vacation. Call Hurd, 76611.
Episcopal Students: At 8 o’clock tomorrow morning there will be a
C. E. 62—^An opportunity for the removal of conditions in C. E. 62 will be given at 1 p. m., December 12, in room 206, Civil Engineering Building. —PETTY.
Union Workera—My committee meet at 4 p. m. December 14 in the Union workshop. —SHEETS. My committee meet at 1:80 p. m. December 12 in the Union office. —BIETH.
Roger Williams Club—Christmas party for underprivileged children December 14 at 7 p. m. Twenty children will be entertained. —SCHATZLEY
W. A. A. Intramural Managers—^Meeting December 14 at 4 p. m. —HUMPHREYS.
W. A. A. Riflery—Matches December 14 are scheduled as follows: Ward 4, 6 p. m.; Ward 1, 6:45 p. m.; WRH, 7:30 p. m.; and Ward 3, 8:16 p. m. —RICHEY.
P. I. A.—Skating party December 12 at Maple Point at 7 p. m.
—SCHLUNDT. University Choir—^All members be at Jefferson Gymnasium December 18 at 1:80 p. m —PHILLIPS.
Tune Shop—Important rehearsal December 14 at 7 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. All members must be present. —BARRETT, DIX. Alpha Zeta Pledges—Test at Initiation Decemberl4 at 5 p. m. Call at 158 Sheets street for tickets today. —DOUD.
Glider Club—Work session at 1 p. m. December 12 on the fourth floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —O’NEAL.
University Orchestra—^Rehearsal has been changed from December 16 to December 17 at 7 p. m. —PHILLIPa
Newman Club—Communion breakfast after 9:80 Mass at St. Mary’s School gymnasium December 13. —CARTON. Ping Pong—Matches December 14: 4 p. m., Sulliot vs. Reichers; 4:20 p. m., McDermott vs. Kernel; 4:40 p. m., Pfeiffer vs. Shaffer. —ARNOLD. Women’s Shuffleboard Tournament—^December 14, at 4 o’clock. Matches as follows: Court 3 Game 1—Mohler and Robinson vs. Jackson and Tubbs. Game 2—Winners of game 1 vs. Yerkes and Ward. Game 3—^Winners of game 2 vs. Winners of game 4. Court 4 Game 4—J. Campbell and McDermott vs. Ney and Barnes. Game 5—Willey and Dobson vs. Venemann and Piper. Game 6—^Winners of game 6 vs. Delaplane and McDougall. Court S Game 7—^Halstead ^nd Kelley vs. Sexton and Devaull. Game 8—^Winners game 6 vs. Greenburg and Cook. Game 9—Winners game 8 vs. winners of game 7. C6nrt 6 Game 10—Harwood and Stone vs. Merritt and McIntosh. Game 11—Winners game 10 vs. Shilling and Beggs. Game 12—Campbell and Vandlvier vs. Johnson and Lochner. —ARNOLD. Purdue Lutheran Students’ aub—Christmas party will be held 7:80 p. m. December 14 in St. James School hall. Bring your gifts and notify me if you are to do that. —ANDRES. Dance Class—Dance class will be held December 14 at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —butcher.
LET
A SHOPPING
DEAC’S
G|0
We have 1,000 vanities from 50c to $5.00, with the Purdue Crest, for you to choose from. A vanity any girl would love to own.
for MOTHER
Pipes from the famous Dunhill at $10.00 to the Grand Slam, at $5.00 to the Yellow Bole and Prank Medico at $1.00. Hundreds of pipes for your selection, at your price. Also pipe racks and humidores at $1.00.
First we find imported rhinestone evening bags, a gift that is smart and beautiful, all lined with white satin, a little white purse and mirror inside at the unbelievable price of $4.00 for the smaller and $6.50 for the larger one. A gift to gladden any young girl’s heart. For Mother, a pair of the genuine famous Wiss Kitchen Scissors. A gift any woman who ever enters her kitchen will love. The many uses it can be put to will surprise you at $1.00. Wiss dressmaking scissors at $1.65. Hand inlaid wooden articles made from six to eight different kinds of wood, made by the Hill Billies of North Carolina, beautiful to look at and will last a lifetime at 20% discount. I bought all the lamps McClurg had on display at the World’s Fair at Dallas, Texas. They are beautiful, artistic, decorative table lamps. I had nearly 300 of them. There are 42 of them left. We are selling them at 30% off. They cost you from 98c to $1.18. The Cape Cod lamp is a lovely thing to look at.
r Xmas Gifts from Deac's with the Purdue Crest or Seal adds much Joy to the Festivities of the Season
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE
Jp 1%