■</ it
X~Mf
Founded In 1889
xfumem m Daily Since 1908
Volume 52, No. 120
Weet Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, February 22, 1941
Boilermaker Net Forces Face Minnesota Tonight
By JOHN ADAMSON (Associate Sports Editor) Piggy Lambert’a Boilermakers will wander onto the Minnesota Fieidhouse hardwood tonight to face the Gopher netmen in what may prove to he tlhe deciding factor in the Gold and Black’s final Big Ten position. The northern lads are resting in third place at the present time, and a win for the Riveters tonight would shove the two squads into a tie for the show spot.
British Send 1st Big Troop Contingent To Greece Via Egypt
Doubtful
Greeks Mass Divisions
Three Road Games
Slated for three successive road 'engagements before they wind up the season's proceedings on the home floor against Northwestern, the Boilermakers are expected to find the going pretty tough tonight. The Gophers showed that they have a little talent of their own by chasing the conference-leading Badgers all over the court in their season's -opener. Since then the Minnesotamen have piled up four wins while dropping only three battles. With Captain Bob Igney still a <]uestionable quantity as a result of his injured knee, Coach Ward Lambert indicated that he would stick to the same line-up that started last week's heart-breaker against Wisconsin.
On Bulgarian Frontier
SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Frosty Sprowl and Bob Riley will be at forward, Don Blanken will Jiold down the center spot and Don Blemker and Charley Caress will take care of the guards' chores.
. . . starter in tonight's battle with the Gophers is Captain Bob Igney (above). Igney is still nursing a twisted knee sustained in the Chicago encounter.
Sofia, Feb. 21.—^The first big contingent of British troops to be sent to Greece left Alexandria Tuesday, according to reliable information received here. Informed circles in Sofia also are advised that five Greek divisions have been massed along the Bulgarian frontier waiting for the Germans to start their Aegean offensive. These developments have visibly undermined Bulgaria’s sympathy for the Germans. It is hoped that the curtailment of service on the Italian railway ordered for March 1 means that Mussolini has at last agreed to let German troops come into Italy en route to Albania and that thus the Balkans may be spared the painful business of clearing a zigzag chute for the Germans. Meantime, three divisions of BulgiS^ from Sofia have been called to arms. Presumably they are joining the troops already on their way to the mountainous Greek frpntier.
Eden-DHI Tour May Decide Immediate Balkan Future
Reserve Commission
By William H. Stoneman
Rest Helps Blanken Lambert was hopeful that Blanken, with an additional week's rest for his injured ankle, will be able to turn in a crisper performance than was possible against Ohio State and the Badgers. One of the few bright gleams in the Boilermaker outlook is the fact that for the first time this season the Riveters will have a height advantage over a conference foe. The Gopher squad is the only team in the Big Ten that has to concede any extra inches to the Boilermakers. But like the Riveters, they make up for the above-mentioned deficiency ip speed.
Applicants To Report
SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Dally News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
On Monday, Tuesday
Big Card Tonight
All ef the conference teams will aee aekkni tonight and Monday. Besides the Minneapolis clash this evening, Indiana will face Chicago, Wisconsin battles Iowa, Northwestern plays host to Ohio State, and Illinois meets Michigan. Monday night the Boilermakers -will stop off at Iowa, Indiana and Wisconsin tangle in the feature attraction of the evening, Chicago is at Minnesota, Northwestern at Michigan and Ohio State journeys -to Illinois.
YWCA Dues
Seniors and juniors in engineering who have been notified of their acceptance for application for ensign’s commissions in the Naval Reserve will report to the Executive Building Monday and Tuesday for physical exams and personal interviews, according to an announcement made last night by acting personnel director. Prof. David L. Arm. Naval officers will confer with applicants in the conference room on the main floor of the Executive Building in alphabetical order beginning at 9 o’clock Monday morning. Seniors will report Monday: those whose last names begin with A-D, inclusive, at 9:00 a. m.; E-L at 10:30; M-R at 1 p. m.; R-Z at 2:30 p. m. Juniors will report Tuesday: those whose last names begin with A-C, inclusive, at 9 a. m.; D-H at 10:30; J-R at 1 p. m.; S-Z at 2:30 p. m. Men who are accepted by the Naval Reserve under this plan will receive commissions upon their graduation from the University.
London, Feb. 21.—^Important decisions affecting the immediate future of the Balkans are expected to be formulated as a result of the trip that War Secretary Anthony Eden and Gen. Sir John Dill, chief of the imperial general staff, are now making ip the Middle East. It is hoped among other things that Turkey may manage to make its attitude clearer than it has been in the past and that the Greeks, who have been in close consultation with the British for some days, will also be able to clarify their strategic objectives. So far the one big idea of the Greeks, quite properly, has been to annihilate the Italians. Now that they are well into Albania, it is possible that this occupation, while, pleasant, may not be the most important thing the Greeks have to do. Reports that the British have landed in Lemnos, or have already dispatched a large force to Salonika, come from German sources and are designed to draw information from the British regarding their real plans in that area.
Wesley Players To Give
One-Act Play Tomorrow
. . . must be paid by Wednesday in order to vote in the coming election. The YWCA office will be open After 4 o'clock each afternoon to receive dues. Petitions for interview for cabinet positions may still be filed with Miss Coolidge or Ruth Bryant.
Horticulture Society
. . . elected the following officers for the second semester Wednesday night: Charles Schull, president; Emil Wolf, vice-president; Carl Smith, treasurer; Maxine Runkle, secretary; Robert Brewster, forager.
Continuing a successful season, the Wesley Players will enact Dorothy Clark Wilson’s one-act play, “Smoke,” at the West Lafayette Methodist Church tomorrow evening, at 6:30 o’clock. - Playing the leads in this drama of life in a factory town are David Folger, Beth Ludberg and Rosalind Goff. The public is invited. c.r.w.
In Truth: Washington Over Doc Miller
By Martina McDonough
Today is George Washington’s birthday. Well, we just thought we’d mention it.
Ckorge Washington, as should be, lias always been a hero to us. However, we didn’t appreciate him half so much as we do now, since we’ve been to college, met Doc Miller and started arguing about HoRse Bill 1776. Of course, we didn’t befieve all of
that old wheeze about the eherry tree, but we did sort of cherish Mr. Washington’s integrity. That was when we were very yqung. Now that we’re just young and have heard Doc Miller’s stories, fish and otherwise, we’re quite sure that Washington, if only by comparison, was tlie world’s most truthful man. But seriously, and at a time like this we should be serious, the nation today pauses to honor the “Father of Our Country,” George Washington. The unselfishness with which
Swings Swaysters In The News
Pan-Hel, Jefferson Hop. Newcomers'.
Cary Hall Dances Highlight Week-End
Jefferson Fraternities 'Hatchet Club*
Join To Present Third
Annual Dance Tonight
Opens Tonight At 8 In Union
Greek Co-eds Sway To Musk Of'Gents'
At Pan-Hellenic Ball
Phi Kappa Psi and Phi Gamma Delta will join tonight in their social calendar’s outstanding event of the year, the Jefferson Hop. This year’s dance will be the third recurrance of the series which owes its name and reason for existence to the fact that both fraternities were founded at Jefferson College. Formal attire will be in order at the dinner-dance. Dinner will be served at 7:16 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. Following the dinner, the ballroom will be cleared and dancing to the tunes of Lang Thompson and his orchestra will begin at 9 o’clock. Peggy Nolan, petite Irish- songstress; Chuck Eaton, romantic tenor; Foo Martin, comedy singer, and Pete Foster, the “Mad Fiddler,” will be featured with the orchestra. Lang Thompson, a graduate of the University of Illinois, gained much of his popularity while playing over a nation-wide radio hook-up from the Hotel Commodore Perry in Toledo, O. r.l.h.
Cabaret life will prevail from 8 till 11 o’clock tonight in the south ballroom of the Union as the “Hatchet Club” makes its appearance on the campus to pay homage to “de George” on his .one hundred and eightieth birthday. Cafe society atmosphere will be supplied, complete with tables arranged around the edge of the ballroom with space in the middle for couples to dance to the music of Irv Given and his orchestra. Similar to the “Penguin Club” dance of two years ago, the “Hatchet Club” was originally borrowed from the University of Wisconsin Union. In contrast to its predecessors, however, tonight’s version will be definitely informal. Price of admission will be the usual mixer rate of one dollar per couple. Dancers may enter into the full spirit of the “Hatchet Club” but cherry trees will not be provided. r.l.h.
George Washington Dance Tonight In Cary Hall South
Double
Residents of Cary Hall South and their dates will dance tonight in the Tower Lounge of South Hall from 9 until 12 o’clock to recordings of popular dance bands. Decorations and prog^rams will follow the George Washington motif. The dance, under the direction of social chairman Clare McCombs, will be conducted in the “Make Believe Dance Land” fashion with the orchestras changing every half hour, r.l.h.
Hall Speaks At Fourth National Defense Talk
“America’s Economic Dependence on Southeastern Asia” is the subject of the first of this semester’s series of national defense lectures to be given in the Music Hall Wednesday night at 7:30 o’clock by Robert B. Hall, professor of geography at the University of Michigan. Professor Hall will discuss Germany’s interest in the area; its importance to our defense; Japan’s interests, actions and their tie-up with the Axis; and our dependence on the area for vital materials such as rubber, tin, silk, hemp and quinine. At the present time. Professor Hall is the director of the Institute of Par Eastern Studies. He is also known as the author of various books and articles in the field of geography and the Par East, e.g.k.
By Carolyn Wood Against a backdrop of wine and blue Bill Munday and his “Southern Gentlemen” played for 350 Greek women and their dates at the annual Pan-Hel-lenic Ball last night. The backdrop identified the eight sororities composing the Pan-Hel-lenic Council with the opening bars of their favorite son^. Songs chosen were “I Love the Girl of Alpha Xi”; “Girl of the Golden Lyre” for Alpha Chi Omega; “Sweetheart of Delta Gamma”; “Chi Omega Sweetheart”; “KKG, My Own Fraternity”; “Theta Lips”; “Ring Ching Ching, Pi Beta Phi”; “I’ve Got a Little Phi Mu.” Band fronts, decorated with spangled Greek letters, were light wine in contrast with the backdrop. In keeping with the mood set by the lilting music of the “Southern Gentlemen,” the red suede programs were designed with a black musical note on a staff. Mimday’s twelve-piece band first gained popularity in the south, playing their first engagement in Greenville, S. C. Since then tiiqr have toured many popular ni^t spots in the north. Featured with t^e band were Bobby Jones, singing saxaphonist; the “Three Colonels,” an electric guitarist and a comedian. Besides playing an instrument, every “Southern Gentleman” can sing, as their tuneful glee club showed. Preceding the dance, dinners were held by the Pan-Hellenic Council in the East Faculty Loungre) and the Alpha Xi Delta, E[appa Kappa Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta smrorities at their respective houses.
. . . programs are scheduled for Irv Given (above) and his campus band when they play for Campus Varieties this afternoon from 3 to 4 o’clock and for the “Hatchet Club’s” mixer in the south Union ballroom tonight from 8 to 11 o’clock.
Dance Tonight In Union Women's Club Sponsors Tonight at 6:46 o’clock the Newcomers’ Club, a branch of the Purjdue Women’s Club, will sponsor a dinner-dance in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. The decorations will foUow out a patriotic scheme in that a large cherry tree in the center of the room will be covered with small fed balloons to resemble cherries, all in recognition of Washington’s birthday. m.aff.
Kappa Delta Rho
Dr. H. H. Remmers
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Hobart E. Kunkle, Peru; Frederick J. Larsen, West Lafayette; and Matthew M. Stiglitz, East Chicago.
... director of the division of educational reference will leave today for Atlantic City to attend the annual meeting of the National Association of School Administrators and allied oi'ganizations.
Night Training Opens For Defense Workers
Sophomore Cotillion Backdrop Features Distinctive Band Shell
Washington offered his finances and his time, as well as that minor point —^his life—, for the ideals of freedom and what has since been dubbed “Americanism” is to be always remembered. On campus today, and tonight, several of the dances scheduled wiU feature George Washington, birthday decorations and themes. The University’s newly formed “Hatchet Club,” with its cabaret dance in the south ballroom from 8 to 11 o’clock, heads the list.
Eight night school courses in national defense industrial training opened with an organization meeting in East Chicago yesterday evening. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the University department of general engineering, is chairman of the state committee sponsoring these free courses for industrial workers of the Calumet area. G. E. Chapman of the Inland Steel Company is in charge of the enrollment of the several hundred students in the classes. Instruction in various phases of metallurgy, welding and tool and die design is being offered. Only those with two years of college training or equivalent experience in industry may take the courses.
Next Friday night at the Sophomore Cotillion Dick Jurgens will lead his famous Aragon-Trianon band before one of the most novel and artistic background decorations heretofore seen at any Union dance. Jurgens’ danceable tunes will emanate from under a unique black and gold band shell, especially constructed for the dance by Skull and Crescent Union workers.
The shell will be constructed from two “2 by 4” end braces and one large cenW arc, and will be covered with black and gold cambric. The words “Sophomore Cotillion” in silver-spangled, Old English letters will decorate the inside of the shell. A large skull encircles by a creacent (official badge of the fratern-
ity) will be suspended from the center of the arch. Two green lights will shine from the eyes of the sknR, Black Grecian columns will subtend the arc at each end. Hand fronts will display the Old-Englisb letter “C” (signb^g CotiBton) on a gold cambric background. Slj^cial lighting effects wiH cause Hie spangled Old-English letters to jitter and sparkle. These decorations built on tbs band-skell theme are the first great deviations in Union decorathms from the conventional twe-dbnen-sional. hanging backdrop. 8ee* burger and Jim Meyers, Skull wadi Crescent Union sophogMUces, are dH* signers of the sheU. dA,b.l-TiuoA. .^From All Fronts— Today's Summary Of War Nevfs
to Chtcivo Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ina German troops, described as consisting of four companies and a motorized column, have marched into Spain, Madrid reported yesterday. The official explanation is that the Nazis are aiding reconstruction after the recent hurricane. * « <ii The nonaggression pact with Bulgaria has in no way weakened Turkey’s ties with Great Britain nor barred action in case Bulgaria permits German troops to pass through for an attack on Greece, a Foreign Office spokesman said yesterday at Istanbul. * * “Disagreement between Bulgaria and Yugoslavia over an eventual postwar settlement of the ageless Macedonian question caused suspension of the secret talks between the countries,” George Weller radioed from Soha.
“Important decisions affecting the immediate future of the Balkans are expected to be formulated as a result of the trip that War Secretary Anthony Eden is now making to the
Starts TOMORROW
■‘Vi
HRST TIME T06ETHEBI
inCHoTlaenr Cooedf’vttktfte naa who “Stayed For Rra«fast”l
I «Hh Binflit Bareet * Bllia Joslya — LAST TIMES TODAY
'^CESAR ROMERO • VIRGINIA GILMORE • MILTON BERLE CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD SHELDON LEONARD • STANLEY CLEMENTS • FRANK lENKS BARNETT PARKER
SUN.-MON. —2 HITS!
i".
FRANCHJT T&NE waareh'williamI BROD CRAWFBRD AndyDEVINE MschaAUER' Porter HALL Peggy MORAN
ALSO-
a IBta CEMTeRY-fOX riCTUBE
LAST DAY — 2 HITS!
An PA«tur«
with JOHN VIRGINIA SHEITON ‘ GREY
ALSO-
THREE MESQUITEERS " PIONEERS'
Fthe greatest story of the west BY THE WEST’S GREAT STORY-TELLER!
in TECHNICOLOR
ROBERT YOUNG •RANDOLPH SCOTT • DEAN JAGGER VIRGINIA GILMORE and CamuUm • Slim SnmmeivUle Chill Willi • Barton Madam DincMbT FRITZ LANC
Starts TOOir
Saturday# February 22# 1941
(pjuJrdusL £xpotumL
University Presented With Memorial Plaque In an impressive ceremony of good will and understanding, Ernest Cortissoz of Columbia, representing the foreign students of the University, yesterday afternoon at 4:16 o’clock presented President Elliott and the University with a plaque as a token of appreciation for “the hospitality and educational opportunity” found on campus. This plaque, which is to be placed m the Union, reads as follows: “Presented to Purdue University by the Students From Other Lands as a Sincere Expression of Admiration for George Washington, Founder of the Great Nation Where They Find Hospitality and Educational Opportunity.” Cortissoz, in presenting the plaque to President Elliott, said that “although we retain our love for our own countries, a feeling of the deepest admiration for this country has grown within us. We feel that George Washington truly represents the American Way.” s.g.p.
Near East,” cabled William H. Stoneman yesterday from London. »!< He Rescue parties are searching ruins in the Welsh town of Swansea, following the second consecutive night of air raids. London had several alarms and high explosive bombs were dropped. * * * “Indications are that the visit of Vice-Premier Darlan to Pans . . . accomplished nothing concrete,” Paul Ghali radioed from Vichy yesterday, “and that it will have to be repeated shortly.” “The United States is singled out as the favorite topic for attack in the totalitarians’ latest propaganda medium, a so - called newspaper called Oigo (Hear),” Allen Haden radioed from Buenos Aires.
■The Ratio— 3.93 ..to 1
The Pi Kappa Phis had a radio dance the other night, Saturday in fact, and a nice dance it was. Ran into Jim Cleveland and Corrine Rifers and Frank Merrill and Helen Shickler, as usual. George Yurkanan pulled a fast one that night. He imported a little southern gal from Birmingham, Ala., for Inter-fraternity and naturally, she stayed over until Sunday. Well, anyhow, once he got her up here, he told her he wouldn’t pay her way home unless she took his pin. Alabama being a long walk from here, she naturally took it. From now on, George will be known as Desperate Dan. Speaking of pins, another Acacia has bitten the dust. Jack Hopkins was the victim and the fast shootin’ gal is Ann Pierce. Took in the tea dance Tuesday afternoon and we ran across our old standbys Alpha Chi Rho Hank Bullwinkle and Ruth Emery. Those two certainly are wonderful dancers, but they never look like they’re enjoying themselves. Speaking of the tea dance, we ran into Bertie Cole (we can never seem to lose that girl, darn it) and we’ve come to a conclusion. That gal is either an awful snob or else she’s in love. She was dancing with Jim Meyer and no one else. Two or three other fellows tried to cut in, but she refused. That’s not the right attitude for around here. Got a cute poem, people, and it’s dedicated to the Kappas from PCT. “If I took the legs off that table. If I took the arms off that chair. If I took that sofa there for a body And used its stuffing for hair— And, if I took the face right off that clock Yes—^if I took its hands, too— I’d get more loving from that darn contraption Than I’ll ever get from you Well, I’m going to break a resolution and mention an Alpha Chi Phi Gam prexie Bud Meyer finally gave in and pinned Jeanette Rutherford. Congratulations! Heard that Doc Miller is doing it again. This time he’s likening himself to George Washington because he always tells the truth about his fishing. Oh meohmy.
AN EASTER GIFT Your Portrait by OLAN MILLS STUDIO Call Today for an Appointment DIAL 3413 DIAL 3413
liiW Al
HELD OVER
THRU WEDNESDAY
Late Show Tonite 11:15
irs A LOVE-UFE LAUGH PANIC I CAROLE ROBERT MONTGOMERY
viiti GENE RAYMOND JACK CARSON PHIUP MERWAMS LUCILE WATSON Directed byALFRED HITCHCOCK , „ RKO RADIO Wetwe
The ^th Colupnil
Headline: TURKS HINT NAZI PUSH MEANS WAR Which shows that the Turks aren’t running around with their eyes shut. After all there are a few German soldiers loitering about the Bulgarian border. And military strategists know. That soldiers can shoot other things besides craps. * >i> * And as far as their espionage agents can ascertain. There are no parades scheduled. * * * We thought we had heard of everything before yesterday. When the Nazis moved in on Spain. On an errand ~of mercy. They have been forced to take over countries to prevent atrocities. And they have shipped in troops to protect the little fellows. But this angel of mercy business is new. Next thing we know . . . They will be launching an exploration expedition into Britain. * * * We can picture Adolph in pith helmet and khaki shorts at the head of his fifth column. Disguised as a safari. Winding up Downing street in a London peasouper to the famous Number 10, where he rings the doorbell. And says . . . Winston Churchill I presume.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered «a aecond elasa matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March S, 1879, and at the speeial rate of postace provided for ii^ section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily eneept Monday durinc the regular academic year and Weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail buIh
Bcription $8.60
Bdltor-ln-Chlef. B. W. Donahue Business Manager — Merle Hagemeysr
Publicarion Stcff
News Editor. M. McKee Managing Editor ..........JD. K. Heiple Associate Editors: M. A. O^iltree, J. A. PurseU, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skollerup, J. L. Trangott.
Businen Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. 8. Powers, G. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Aceounts Manager, K. J. Shadford; Circulation Hiuiagert R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
...Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Sports Staff
J. P. Dolan J. F. Adhmson, P. C. Johnsen, R. O.
Editor^ Associate EdHors:
Siess.
Editor Associate Editors;
Swaim.
Phonas: Editorial 400S« Business 5038; SpDrts 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine..J3ollege Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Night Editor: Purcell Issne Editor: Brophy
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: Miller
Night Sports Editor: Adamson
Staff: R. L. Hadley, J. H, Armstrong, O. L. Allanson, S G.S. 6. Peterson, P. E. Burkhart, B. K. Smith, J. S. Fickle, H. G. deBruyn, C. R. Wood, M, A. Flanagan, A.
Wo ■ -----
iTorsley, D. W. Meiers And O. T. Clark
And they can bury his heart among the savAges. dkh
SIjl JhjL ^hwtchjiA,
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School Co-eds, “Life of Christ” Men: “Christian Personality” — A, A. Smith. 10:40 a. m.—Sermon by Dr. Steele on “Enduring Values.” 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour led by Gerry Pugh. 6:30 p. m. — Wesley Players, “Smoke” diiected by Wm. Peterson. 7:15 p. m—^Worship Service led by students.
and discussion by Joseph Baird Gleason, “Making a Christian Home.”
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church, Corner of Chauncey and Columbia Joseph Baird Gleason, pastor of students 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class. Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Church Worship. Sermon by the pastor, “The Pine Art of Temperance.” The choir will sing “The Lord is Exalted” and “Lead Kindly Light.” 5:30 p: m.—Roger Williams Club fellowship hour. 6:00 p. m.—Ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion group of the Roger Williams Club. Address
Change of Schedule February 17fh Indiana Motor Bus Oimpany Leaving Lafayette, ind. 7:35 A.M. 1:15 P.M. 3:15 P.M. 6:30 P.M. For Plymouth, South Bend, Logansport, Peru, Ft. Wayne UNION BUS DEPOT 5th and Ferry Phone 2105
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street Sunday, February 23 Rev. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m.—^The group will continue with the discussion of “Christianity and Democracy” under the leadership of Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m.—Mr. Findley will preach at the regular worship service, and the subject will be “The Oughtness of Things.” 6:00 p. m.—The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper and discussion. Mr. Hsien Hsiag Ju will address the group on the student situation in China. Everyone is invited to share the fellowship.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Prof. Louis M. Sears, of the History Dept, will teach. Dr. Sears is Faculty Chairman of the Purdue Committee to raise funds for the World’s Student Service Fund. (We make special note that this is the annual Student Day of Prayer.) 10:40 a. m. — Church Worship Service. Doyel Mullen will preach. The Speaking Choir will participate in the service. 6:16 p. m.—Ten cent Supper at 126 S. Chauncey. Leave for the Church building at 5:45. 6:00—Forum program, consisting of recreation, singing, discussion, and worship. P. H. Chin of the World’s Student Service Fund speaker’s committee will present “The Need for Helping Students in War-torn Countries.”
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY— ^>^HITCH.HiKING TO DOOM!
—and— nodicmlWMakm Obiponton fummU BOB TEEU
ALSO
'WINNERS OF THE WEST' Chapter 2
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— CHARLIE CHAN IN PANAMA COMIN' ROUND THE MOUNTAIN MICKEY\MOUSE
They say as how the favorite story at Marquette these days concerns the campus romeo who went to a fraternity convention and after three days, wired the local girl: “Having a swell time. Wish you were her.”
IU Medical Group To Conduct Services At First Baptist Church Students from the Indiana university medical school at Indianapolis, numbering about 16, will conduct a service Sunday evening, 7:30, at the First Baptist church. Rev. Cfiarles E. Green, supply pastor of the local church, will be a member of the group. The medical school choir will sing and the program will also include an organ prelude by Evertt Gaunt; Scripture and prayer, David Gaulke, and solo, “The Lord’s Prayer,” by Robert Jordan. The choir will sing “He Arose,” and Rev. Green will have as his sermon topic, “The Abundant Life.” William Sholty, of Lafayette, is a member of the chqir. Preceding^ the service, the visiting group will be entertained at supper in the Sholty home. After the service, young people of 4;he First Baptist church will entertain the visitors at a social gettogether in the chapel. Glee Club Sings At Rotary Meeting In Crawfordsville On Wednesday evening, the members of the Grawfordsville Rotory Club will be entertained by the music and singing of the University Men’s Glee Club, at a special Ladies’ Meeting to be held in the Masonic Temple of that city. Included in the program is dinner music played on the celeste by Angelo Castellani, talented piano player; and soloists will be Wallace Woodrow, Marvin Smith, and Charles Powell. The Glee Club will be under the able direction of its coach, A1 Stewart, b.g.s.
Lees - McRae college students. Banner Elk, N. C., have organized the country’s farthest-south shiing club. Members make their own skis in the college wood-shop.
Co-Eds! For Brighter Lovelier Campus Wear . . .
Sanitone Cleaning cleans whites, whiter and also restores the
Luster and appearance of new by replacing the original finishing materials back into the fabric ...
Phone 3085
American I ISa NORTHWESTKitN AVE.
Call Us for Pickup!
^aCANM
i*i. 4. '4
i s? -
i /■
1^
fiuJidwL £xpDmnL
Notices
Fraternity Presidents: Authorize your treasurers to send cheques Tor Are assessments to me immediately. —BERGSTEDT.
Catalyst Club: Election of pledges at Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7 p. m. Saturday, March 1. Sign up for the party in Dr. Lovell’s office before Friday afterfioon. t —BERGSTEDT.
Scrivener: Organization meeting Saturday, February 22. All staffs attend Also report: Dale Sheets —ALEXANDER.
Students: All persons wishing to contribute to the coming issue of Scrivener get in touch with the office between 1 and 4 p. m., Saturday, February 22, or send a postcard. —ALEXANDER
Union Workers: Members of the Bum Room Committee meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. Monday, February 24 -WOLFF.
Newman Club: Roller skating party Saturday, February 22, at 10:80 p. m. Dancing starting at 8 p. m. will precede and will be held in St. Mary’s auditorium. Second semester members may secure their memberships at the dance. Skating will be free to members^ but non-members must pay 40 cents per couple. Bus transportation will leave St. Mary's at 10:80 p. m. —BENNA.
Prom Committee: Meeting in room 261 of the Union at 4 p m. Wednesday, February 26. Important. —WOLFF.
Hillel Foundation: Discussion meeting on Sunday, February 28, in room 802. The meeting ViU start at 6 .'30 p. m. —WOLF.
Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, February 25, in room 261 of the Union Bring manuscripts. . —JUSTIN.
Outing Club: Roller skating party Saturday evening, February 22 Everyone welcome. Admission 25 cents. FREE to all who bring cars. Meet at West door of Union at 7:80 sharp —GILBERT.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, February 25, in room 808 of the Union at 7:30 p m —MONTGOMERY.
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal from 2pm to 4 p. m. Saturday, February 22. —STEWART.
Removal of Conditions in English and Speech; Examinations will be held in room 101 of the Education building Saturday, March 15, at 1 p. m. —CREEK. Staff of History, Government, and Economics Dept.: Will you please announce to your classes that the examinations for retnoval of 0*8 and I's in this department will be held in room 818 of the Recitation building Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. Applications should be made at the general office not later than Friday, March 7. —ESTEY Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, February 22, by schools as follows, students whose names begin with A-E, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; F-K, room 254, Electrical Building; L-R, room 121, Electrical Building; S-Z, room 201, Civil Building. —KNAPP.
Classified Ads
FM BAia Typewriters and adding maebinca, new and used, for sale, rent and repahrad. All makes of portable typewriters, $M.7C to ies.60. Office supplies. MImsograpli and multigraph work. 0, F. Sbersheff, CW Main St Phdne, 8779. Tuxedo for sale, size 88 coat, 84 pants. Good condition Ciill B F. Johnson. 5225
For Sale: The World Book Encyclopedia, 1981 Edition, 18 volumes. Good as new. Will seU for $15. Phone 45111. FOR ubfT V /For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2AA all aiiht Phone 1407.
Students and Staff: Persons not receiving their copy of the Fall or Winter Scrivener, please drop card to the Scrivener office in Union, -ALEXANDER. All Students: Eligible for holding an NYA job and interested in assisting or directing the production of plays in nearby communr ities should turn their applications in to the Flayshop secretary in Fowler Hall. —CARMICHAEL. All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet positions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19 —^BRYANT.
Lost: 1 s'ey suit coat, 1 college algebra, and 1 black billfoald. Will owner please caU 81841
Lost: Brown zipper purse in Union or Library Reward. Mary Nitsche, Pb. 7471.
Lost: Soc 75 Book from Biol Lab Please return there
Lost: From Basement Biology Building. Brown topcoat containing bunch important keys Return to Cary Hall or Biology Bldg Reward No questions asked Nachon Jeu Ph 8421
Wanted: Someone who can translate Russian See Dr H Hunt, Chem Dept
. . . lumL 'SoojcL!
• Bowling Alleys • Billiards • Card Rooms • Puttering Room . . . g/y hhoAont. jthsuH&idvsA, pA. ipJUA, pJUv! JhjL PWvdwL WjLmj^^uaL UnjbfL The Corner of the Compm— Yet the Center of Activities
Saturday^ February 22# 1941
Half the meu students and onethird of the co-eds at the University of Nebraska" are either entirely or partially self-supporting.
Junior Chemical and Metallurgical Engineers : Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 101, chem and met building. —LOVELL. Review Classes in English: The following classes will be held: Grammar, week of February 17: Punctuation, week of February 24; Spelling, week of March 8. They Will all be giVen in room 111 of University Hall at 6 p. m. —CREEK.
Squash Squad Battles Two Ky. Teams Today Chief Clevett’s ambitious squash team is in Louisville, Ky,, today, where they will encounter two of that city’s best clubs. Pen Dennis and Winn Stay. The racqueteers will trade shots with the former team at 2:30 this afternoon and take on the latter organization at 7:30 this evening. These two matches mark the second time in as many weeks that the Riveters have attempted a doubleheader in one day. Last Saturday they went to meet Chicago and Northwestern. In addition to their racquets the Boilermakers took along the whitewash bucket and a sizeable brush, for they dealt shutouts to both squads by identical scores of 5-0. Minary Heads Pen Dennis Both of the Louisville quintets are composed of former eastern college players. Clevett’s forces have met the Pen Dennis outfit before, beating them last year and losing in 1939, which attests to the closeness of the five year series. However, today is the first time Winn Stay has appeared on the Gold and Black schedule. Tom Minary is the number one man on the Pen Dennis aggregation and has won the mid-Western championship for the past few campaigns.
Harter, Arvidson Top Ceres Essay Contest John Harter of Newcastle won first place in the freshman division of the annual Ceres Essay Cup Contest, and Robert Arvidson, ’42, of Lafayette took first in the upperclassmen division of the contest. These awards were announced last night before two hundred students and faculty members of the School of Agriculture in attendance at the open meeting of Ceres, agricultural honorary, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seconds in the essay contest were Dale Ray of Boggstown, freshman division, and Truman Hays, ’42, of Bainbridge, upperclassman division. H. R. Smalley, director of soil improvement work of th6 National Fertilizer Association, presented a talk and motion pictures on “Co-op-eration of Industry in Agricultural Education” at the open meeting last night, s.r.p, Batf-le Of Bands Features Dance At I U After Game A dance, featuring a “battle of bands,” will be held in the Indiana University Union building Saturday night after the game. The rival bands will be those of Maury Mahns of Purdue, and Indiana’s Bob Barnes. The dance is sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society, h.g.d.
PBW To Hold Co-ed Nettersi' Clinic At 2 Special clinic on co-ed basketball rules and officiating will be held in the Women’s Gsrmnasium this afternoon at 2 o’clock, it was announced last night by Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women. The clinic will be open to the general
public.
Marion Smalley, woifien’s basketball coach at the University of Illinois, will conduct an officiating demonstration as a feature of the clinic, j.s.f. Linksmen To Meet On Campus Tuesday Fourth annual Greenkeeper’s Conference, sponsored by the University, will be held on the campus next Tuesday and Wednesday. The conference will emphasize the maintenance and management of golf courses. The program is under the joint direction of the Department of Agricultural Extension, the Indiana Greenkeepers’ Association, the Indiana Professional Golfers’ Association, and the Indiana Golf Association. Topics listed on the pnd’gram include soil and plant tigsue testing, testing fertilizers on turf, chemical weed contrdl and new grasses. Herb
(pagpL 3 -‘SmeAoL
State High School
Swimming Meet In Fieldhouse Today A record-breaking entry list of 117 swimmers from twelve different high schools will compete for state honors in the annual Indiana High School Athletic Associatiott championship finals to be held here in the Fieldhouse this afternoon. The preliminaries took place yesterday and the finals are scheduled for 2:30 p. m. today. Hammond and Central, of South Bend, who were first in the recent northern Indiana conference meet, are favored to take the title today. In the individual proceedings, two champions will be returning. Kujawa, of South Bend, who grabbed the 50 and 100 yard dashes last year, and Jessup, of Gary, defending 100 yard breast stroke champion, are the pair that will be on hand this afternoon. Last night all the high school tankmen were guests of the Boilermaker athletic department for the Purdue-Ohio State swimming meet. j.f.a.
Graff of Chicago, well-known golf editor and writer, will be the toastmaster at a banquet scheduled for Tuesday evening.
ONLY FOUR MORE GAMES... to complete this year’s basketball season Minnesota . \ .... There Feb. 22
There Feb. 24 There March 1 Here March 3
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
Iowa
Indiana
Northwestern .
Four more games that are really tough. So are our Goodyear tires tough, serviceable and
dependable.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Gome First
RAIN OR SNOW
THE
YELLOW
IS ALWAYS AT YOUR SERVICEM
Saturday# February 22# 1941
fijuMibuL £xpotuud.
Ohio State Swimmers Defeat Riveters, 51-33
' Capacify Crowd Watches Buckeyes Wiu , Six Firsts; Carney Leads Losing Mermen
Pi Kappa Phi Cinder Stars Win Riveters Encounter Inter-Fraternity Track Tourney Wildcat Wrestlers
In Evanston Today
Tied for second place as the first day’s events in the InterFraternity track and field meet came to a close, Pi Kappa Phi drove througrh to a victory yesterday afternoon in the second day of the tourney. The lads from the Pi Kappa Phi house amassed 20 points all in all to put them out in front of the Delta Tau Delta cinder stars who closely trailed with a team score of 17. Lambda Chi Alpha took third place with 14 tallies while Alpha Gamma Rho and Sigma Alpha Epsilon tied for fourth
with 13 Vz points each.
Only One First
With five points being awarded to the first place winners of each event, three to the second, two to third and one to fourth place winners, the Pi Kappa Phi athletes found it necessary to capture places in a wide variety of contests since they were able to win a first in only one event. McIntyre of the Pi Kappa Phi house managed to cover the 440-yard circuit in 55.6 to win the lone first for his victorious team. Stiffest competition of the whole meet was felt during the running of the four man 440-yard relay. Delta Tau Delta thinlies finally came out
on top in this event, covering the distance in the good time of 48.4 seconds. Close behind were the Pi Kappa Phi boys with 49.8 and the
Betas with 60.2
Almost monopolizing the high jump winnings, two ATOs took both first and second places. Burkholder won first place with a jump of 6 ft. 10 inches, while Renyolds followed him to get a second spot. Lynch, the Lambda Chi Alpha man who on Thursday made himself outstanding by taking a first place in the 880yard run and a fourth in the two
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
DEAC'S
DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J.RISK 4th & Main Stt. Phona 5710
Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Nprthwestem Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
After having defeated Northwestern’s inatmen here last Saturday by a score of twenty-three to eleven, the wrestling team will meet the Wildcats in a return match at Evanston this afternoon. The team is going after its fifth straight win, and third conference victory, having won the last four matches after dropping their first tangle. The Rivetmen lost their first match with Illinois Normal, but after getting under way, the team beat Finlay College, a strong Ohio State team, Cornell College, and the hefty Wildcats by decisive margins. After their match with Northwestern this afternoon. Coach Reeck’s boys will rest a day, after which they will meet the Illinois matmen at Champaign on Monday. w.a.f. mile event, again showed his prowess, this time by capturing first in the mile run. Neff Wins Shot Many outstanding results debeloped from yesterday’s meet. Bill Neff, an SAE, heaved the shot 44 feet 7% inches for a first, while Reising, an Alpha Chi Rho, did equally well in his chosen event, the pole vaulting, going over the bar at 10 feet, 8 inches. In the 60-yard low hurdles Daniels managed to cover the course in 7.4 seconds, d.w.m. Summary of yesterday’s events follows: 60-yard low hurdles—Daniels, Alpha Gamma Rho, first; Neal. Delta Tau Delta, second , Mclzer, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, third; Christensen, Beta Theta Pi, fourth. Time: 6 :4 seconds. 440-yard run—McIntyre, Pi Kappa Phi, first; Boysdston, Delta Tau Delta, second: Honer, Pi Kappa Phi, third; Farnsworth, Beta 'Theta Pi, fourth. Time: 6B.6 seconds. Mile run—Lynch, Lambda Chi Alpha, first: Pickerel, Alpha Kappa Lambda, second ; Swager, Pi Kappa Alpha, third; Mercer, Delta Tau Delta, fourth. Time: 4:67. 440-yard refay—Delta Tau Delta, first; Pi Kappa Phi, second ; Beta Theta Pi, third ; Pi Kappa Alpha and Alpha Gamma Eho, tied for third. Time: 48.4 seconds. High jump—Burkholder, Alpha Tau Omega, first: Renyolds, Alpha Tau Omega, second ; Melzer, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, third : Bosma, Beta Sigma Psi, fourth. Height, 5 ft. 10 inches. Pole vault—Reising, Alpha Chi Rho, first; Daniels, Alpha Gamma Rho, second; Stanton, Sigma Algha Epsilon, and Phillips, Phi Gamma Delta, tied for third. Height: 10 ft. 8 inches.
Irisknan’s lllusiens
Stubborn to the very endi Dick Papenguth’s swimmers fought valiantly before losing to Ohio State, 61-33, in the Fieldhouse pool last night. The capacity crowd of 460 applauded riotously throughout and were thrilled by the display of diving put on by national champion, Etfirl Clark, and his team mate, Frank Dempsey.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Not that it matters; Having just read this week’s copy of the Saturday Evening Post, I am now convinced that New York City and vicinity is the spot of the modern Utopia. According to the Post’s writer, Tom Meany, New York basketball is better basketball. And also, if the Chicago Bears professional football team didn’t have Sid Luckman they would not have swamped the Washington Red Skins. The article states that Sid is also a New Yorker. Allah, Allah —New York. —I-I— My deah readers, do you realize that the Indiana basketball coaches are destroying initiative by their fast-break or “firehouse system.” It’s the Eastern style of set plays and deft ball handling that holds crowd’s attention and brings out the initiative, so they say. That’s the way they play the game in New York. I’d like to see some of that set-play stuff. —I-I—' It must be great to see those double-headers at Madison-Square Garden between the greatest teams we have here in the middle-west and the top fives of the big city. I’ll bet this guy Ned Irish, who promotes these college basketball games in the Garden, really knows what he’s talking about when he says the teams he’s bringing in are the best in the middle-west. —I-I— Do you realize that Kansas, Minnesota, Rice Institute, and Butler are the “best teams of the middlewest,” and that NYU, LIU and CC NY, as well as Fordham, have defeated these teams in the Garden? —I-I— The Post doesn’t say so, but the Garden is 90 feet long for basket-
ball, and all conference floors are 110-foot out here in the sticks. But the Eastern fans want finesse, not brutality like us hick Westerners. —I-I— Yes sir, I sure wish I lived in the East where I could watch Clare Bee’s great LIU team perform in the Garden. But I guess I’ll have to be satisfied in Watching Indiana’s National Champs, Purdue’s habitual conference champs, Wisconsin, Illinois, Notre Dame and some other good teams play the hectic farmertype of basketball. —I-I— New Yorkers are certainly lucky people not to be subjected to our hick net game. But will New York teams invade the big courts of the middle-west? No, they won’t! Our home score boards would run out of numbers for the locals. Mixed Recreation . . . will be held Saturday night in the Women’s Memorial Gym. All gym equipment will be available. Games are schedul^ed from 7:30 to 9:30, followed by dancing until 10:30. Boys interested in swimming will be charged ten cents. No dates are necessary, a.r.w. I M Schedules BASKETBALL Monday, February 24 Court 1: E. Stockdell 7:00 Bulldogs vs Panthers 7:16 Eagles vs Buckeyes 8:00 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 9 8:16 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 14 Court 2: W. B. McAdams 7 :00 Hoosiers vs Wildcats 7:18 Tigers vs Boilermakers 8:00 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 11 8:i6 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 12 Court 3: C. H. Rechenbach 7 :00 Rams vs Yanks 7:16 Cary Hall B vs Cary HCall 13 8:00 Cai'y Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 8 8:1B Ward 9 vs Ward 18 Court 4: J. Zehrlng 7:00 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 10 7:1B Ward 30 vs Ward 2 8:00 Ward 2B vs Ward 83 8:16 Ward 6 vs Ward 17
For those who want a large selection of the highest quality fresh Fruits, Vegetables, Groceries and Meats at low prices and who want to shop in enjoyable comfort—
JhiL mw Piggly Wiggly Super Market located at 720 NORTHWESTERN AVE. Just across the street from the Purdue FIELD HOUSE
A LARGE FREE PARKING LOT ADJOINING THE STORE
Backstroke Decides It Until the 160-yard badcatroke ' event the Riveters had a good chance of winning the affair, but first and second places for the Ohioans gave Coach Mike Peppe’s boys a lopsided advantage. The most spectacular occurrence of the evening was a twisting one and one-half sommersault by,Bu€ V eye diver Frank Dempsey. Earl Clark made a high point diving score of 17.6 for a cut-away one and one-half sommersault. Boilermaker Frank Parkas was very cool at all times and took third place. Patty Amazes Crowd Young Miss Patty Aspinall demonstrated the brand of “butterfly” or flying breast stroke which has made her national women’s champion. The 14-year-old Indianapolis girl, who has been under Papenguth’s wing since she first learned to swim, took to the pool before the meet and amazed the spectators with her stamina. After the meet Clark and Dempsey put on a high board diving exhibition. Good sportsmanship was in evidence throughout and was climaxed when Dick Papenguth asked the spectators to give the visitors a round of applause after the score was announced. The Buck mermen reciprocated with a cheer for the losers, and Riveter Captain Chuck Siler directed his followers in a “rah, rah” for the victors. Joe Williamson gave a good account of himself in the breast stroke part if the 300-yard medley relay and lost first place in the 200-yard breast stroke by a scant margin of inches. Boilermakers Take Relay The last event of the evening, which was the 440-yard relay, was an excellent example of the spirit with which Papenguth has fired his boys. A team of Jack Carney, Fred Herr, Chuck Siler and Dick Kratzer won with Kratzer setting a blistering last lap pace. Jack Carney was the individual star of the evening, taking two firsts, one in the 220-yard free style and one in the 440-yard free style. The Gold and Blaclt took three first^ places, Carney’s brace of wins plus a victory in the 440-yard relay, while the Scarlet and Gray copp^ the remaining six places. Among those in attendance last night were most of the best scholastic tankmen in Indiana, who are here for the State H|igh School Meet held in the Fieldhouse pool this afternoon. Only One Loss Ohio State numbers among its season’s victims such powerful teams as Michigan State, Minnesota and Pittsburgh. Their only loss has been to Yale’s Bulldogs. The Yales were second to Michigan in the nationals last year, while the Buckeyes were third. The loss last night broke a fourmeet winning streak for Papenguth’s team, o.t.c. The summary for the meet is as follows: 300-yard medley relay: Ohio State, first; Purdue, second. Time: 3.07.4. 220-yard free style: Won by Carney, P; Coolahan, OSU, second; Siler, P, ,third. Time: 2 :19.2. 60-yard free style: Won by Leitt, OSU; Reinicker, OSU, second; Branner, P, tibird. Time: :24.1. Diving: Won by Clark, OSU; Dempsey, OSU, second; Farkas, P, third. 100-yard free style: Won by Leitt, OSU; Kratzer, P, second; Reinicker, OSU, third. Time: :B4.2. 160-yard back stroke: Won by Post, OSU ; Reiss, OSU, second; Anderson, P, third. Time: 1:48.6. 200 yard breast stroke: Won by Hirsch, OSU: Williamson, P, second; Tingley, P, third. Time: 2:32.2. '440-yard free style: Won by Carner, P; Schaefer, OSU, second; Horn, P, third. Time: 6:22,7. 440-yard relay: Won by Purdue; Ohio State, second. 'Time: -3.44.0. Representing . .. the American Pharmaceutical Association Dean C. B. Jordan of the School of Pharmacy has returned from a meeting of the executive committee of the American Medical Association in Chicago. Dr. Jordan met with the AMA group to discuss better professional cooperation between pharmacy and medicine.
>3
*1 i
t\ ,41