J
Jokes? Lots Of Them "Yellow Dog"—Watch For It October 14
Purdue Exponent Z185
Volume 52, No. 23
West Lafayette, Indiana
See "5fh Colttntu" For Details Of "I Want To Be A Captain" Club Saturday, October 5, 1940
Riveters Battle Buckeyes At Columbus Today - ^ - I * ^ 500 See Pi K A Ohio Slate Gunning 3^500 Hear Downs Speak At Convo pledges Munch For Revenge After Students, Faculty Ijate: News Swing Session Will Band Departs For L":s: <c, "tE“ vCt Inside Story London, Oct. 4—The Bntish au 1 ki L IT fed'^the^eam^ of” si^ pf to^^a ^’n***^* Daniell ^ _ , r II mintotr, .aid tonl|hUh.ttl» Royal PreSOnt NOW MUSK ColUHIlbUS lO 100* 34 to 44 victory (lowest acora wins) “ " “ ^ (in Franrp C Fall Force ,, now del.voru.g24.W a a- a , over the Pi Kappa Phi pledges in ^°hen rG KoS Uil ridlilc ) Idll blows indayUghthomtangs on mil- Irv Given and hie orchestra wdi f--C-a,:-! T.-ill yesterday's filth annual Pie BaHng Smperman" ET “ itary objectives in Germany and all feature their “New Music” tonight 1.01 kDcLlnl linlll +v,o ximperman luaag Over 3,600 students and towns- other Nazi territory. They also re- at the regular Union Mixer from 9 JJICkiai IIQIII contest between the two houses. Combs EE Clair people assembled in the Hall of ^jjg principal ship- to 12 in the ballroom. Prom 7 to 8 At 6 o'clock this morning 160 ^ Whole Pie, Free! Kersey QB Scott Music last night heard Kenneth T. pj^g basins and a dock at Rotter- p. m. the band will entertain in- sleepy, but enthusiastic, men left Hartley ran from the starting HB Fisher Downs, International News Service ^ large iron works between formally with the third swing ses- the Lafayette Big Four station line on State street to the front ®yclepe HB Emkade War Correspondent, tell the inside Wesel and Halkem in Holland were sion of the season. aboard a ten-car special train bound steps of the Union, swallowed one Langhurst story on “What Has Happened to ^ arrangement of the band’s Columbus. The All-American big juicy blueberpr pie and returned Broadcast ^WBAA, direct from France.” . ^ , theme song, “I Dream of JeShnie departed on its first foot- to State street in one minute and Columbus. Doyis, who arrived m New York f ■ ^he Light Brown Hair,” will ball trip of the season. twenty seconds to win first place. pf Zd ta PrtceTaS jCriVeiier sponsors ope„ th. swi„g session, Clint Brown, Bre,dtf,st, Dinner Aboard Train ?•« same bonse took ^.fr 1-v, 4- V, m 4, i«+ +« vraon-tr arraugBt for the band, will follow TTir»li,^pH in the Tnoko im n-F tv,o place with a total time of Mai Elward and a happy litknow‘mat HwpLed to France.” I jtfirSrV COHIDStitiOII a sdeetionof special tr^- special train arc a baggage care for pa PH’s'toS'tted placf “gridiron warriors He admitted that the reasons for LIKrary tOmpeilllOn pet_ s^os „ nn^ egnipmen, one club car two diners %S”em“t£ Pi K A team from Purdue University rolled the French capitrdatton ^e coin- f T 1 11, chio, piano; Jo FrieL, feminine vo- P^ded, were: A. Hartley, C. E. Martin, H, mto CoIumbuS, Ohio, yester^riratalU^hlm ^ t FlOSh WnterS cahst; and Tony RnUi, tenor sag ^irc2rrt“r 'am th" ”3“* Tl"* PmhaW th^ greatest factor lead- nonneed s«,n after pulling out, hnt PM Sam ISe“ Stet foXS sS^ ing to defeat was the mental atti- ^y the Scrivener club, honor- * ,ri1v sweet J''® *" kanan, G. J, Overman, G. T. Wilson. footbaB ^team tude of the French people that had gj,y literary organization, has been tn f » tt h r Indianapolis by the time all the fel- jj Horne, J. D. Cleveland and whlch SO decisively pulbeen brewing for ten years. Social announced by Chet Riegle, president ^«sic to the taste. He believes lows had eaten. Dinner will be h. W. McIntyre. Verized a great Pittsburgh unrest, class Jabreds, and political of the club. This contest, sponsored toward”the”sweet mSfc ”tWs^ vear Dick Pittenger, stiident announc- eleven last Saturday by a 30-7 treachery contributed to the cold- 32 Js ITresenrrus^the meal before reaching Columbus er, gave the crust to crust descrip- count. A sell-out crowd is reness of the French people towards „iaccpc, anH other fredshmen inter- plans to present music as you Due to arrive at Columbus about WT?A A . , . ^ , , vaa/ffu ao acfacing the realities of the German ested in writing ^ <^nl^ar bill, as usual, will 1:16, the Band will board buses and ported in Columbus to see the invasion. This attitude persisted p- i 4. + ((rrv, mixer turnstiles, but the fee escorted to the stadium in time Copper Plated Pie Pan Award Ohio State bone-Crushing maeven up to the very day that the ® ^®”^ f swing session is free to all. f.i.j. to formally announce its presence The pie eating contest between ^.^ine ffet revenge for a two German forces broke through the mannscripts snbmjtted for „„ ^ the two houses started five years ™ West Wall. ■" contests has been p . . , 1) , ,„e„ce of formations. »«»• »» Acet Fear was called a He toucMown defeat handed them consistently go6d. The response this |^5| |0|g YVlII rlCSCni when both teams got sick. The Pi K during the teams’last meeting Swift Advance year should be no exception.” i Banquet Will Climax Day ^.'s won the second year. Pi Kappa in ’38. The swiftness of the German ad- Prizes consisting of five dollars |Li.,-!-»| CItAiif After the game the band will re- Phi won the third and fourth years. Only Dave Rankin and Byevance after breaking through the for first place, three for second, and rlUSICdl VdllCiy JllOW turn to the Deshler-Wallick hotel The winner has the honor of keep- lene were members of the Purdue Meuse - Namur - Boulogne line was one for third will be awarded. The for their traditional post-game ban- ing the copper plated pie pan for lineup of the '38 Purdue eleven that due principally to five general fac- November issue of the Scrivener Albert P. Stewart, director of quet, after which the men will be the coming year, e.g.k. handed the Buckeyes the 12-0 upset; tors. Downs said. magazine will contain the winning University music, will conduct Beta given a few minutes freedom before 1. Almost immediate ^German con- manuscripts as well as several of Tau chapter of Psi Iota Xi, natioiaal th® train departs for Hoosier soil C "iL 1A/*II T llr The ^team will arrive Sunday trol of the air. the honorable mentions. social organization, in a light clas- at 9 p. m. Uf. L. jmiln Will IBIK morning at 7 o’clock at the Big Few 2. Good vyeather which was in the Manuscripts may include class sical variety of program in the west The Big Drum will make its first station. Win lose or tie all stu- ^ ^ ^ themes, poetry, essays and other faculty lounge of the Union <tomor- appearance of the year this after- « - dents are urged to be there to wel3. Mistakes of General Gamelin in written creative work and may be row from 4 to 6 o’clock. Beta Tau noon after undergoing a complete |f | [AlvIlSIQIl 1/1111161 come them leaving the ill-equipped, weak Ninth submitted through English 32 in- chapter is from Frankfort and this overhauling at Elkhart this sum- * Army to defend the Meuse line structors or directly to the Scriven- is their first appearance here. nier. This giant drum, the largest “Freedom — Our American Dy- v +yi f Oh‘ arWnd Namur. er office in room 380 of the Union. The program will include instru- hiotorized drum in the country, is namic” will be the subject of an e ear cas m ® ® 4. German use of psychological The closing date for ;the contest will ment and voice solos. Psi Iota Xi is 7 feet, 6 inches in diameter and 4 address by Dr. Charles Copeland 5^” s y e as rnwrag , weapons, such as screaming bombs, be Friday, October 26, at 4 p. m. j.r. noted for novelty and specialty num- te®t wide. e.m. Smith at the annual agriculture ex- . ®iico^age, devil propellers on the dive bomb- bers. a.c. ' tension workers dinner next Tues- ^ T f ers, and systematic bombings, | Will Dlevening, October 8, in the f pvnters and vigilaficn of wMch spread termrtMoughout the Girl Band WIII Play Activities Bureau Names Union. SS“lhrw.s’'lSS totolto ^vd.anpopuiat.onandthe.rn.yae C p, A C .U Gimfin Publicity Director ... a new house has been organ- Dr. Smith, who was bom and edn- S fra dXwyX 6 ‘ Lie-htninff svstem of German ^ ^ 7 ized consisting of ten local fellows cated in England, has recently be- ggrous Strausbaum and Langlnirst;, , m, • ystem ” " At a meeting Thursday night the at 306 Russell street. Members of ®®tne a citizen of the United States. ^Continued on naw attack. Thas plan consis^, m first Union ballrooms wall be filled with ® ^ (Continued on page 3) sending over heavy bom mg p anes music rom an a -gir ^ or e jj^bert Gimlirt to the position of hart, president; Dwight Arndt, Val- vising-rtiar relief work on the Isle '' a a mm a lowTdrrfie?c;Lt5C^^^^ when paraiso; Don Amott, Jr., Nappanee; of Man during Ithe first World W^x WOllien-fticfc/eil WS then another bombing attac^ fol- and his IS-Mece orchestra to the Sin was elected to fill the va- and'Lg!r nV'^uth Bmd; Art andX “tanks of L piliament. W:ll Dedicate'Lkst lowed by another barrage. Pfnally mmpus for them Pall dan«e. D.s- „,„ey created by the failure of Hal Hnisken! LaGra^ge, Dlinois; kngh m.k.b. Will 1/6010316 LBSt rad^elha^edmlyre?^!:: ^" 9ri?o'“aif' SehoreuBtein, riected to the post iast Lajferty La(Jr.nge. liUnois; L. ' SaHCtUarV Of Man' tank advance is guickly taken up Aceording to Damon Elder, social Srs^e'.t'e'rHe N™ EoIXMrfE! WiCkS Will SpBak „7 vm o /-L A .1.. association will be admitted to the P’'®' "o”® ■"°«’®’-- KBIigiOUS UOnVO ^ ^ ^ ^ rOny SmAnOlUS MSKS dance free, it wUl be dosed to non- " ' Dr. Robert R. Wicks, dean of the bigger and better Bum Room. Some .. . members, but memberships may A fa r FS ^ a Princeton University chapel, will t™® in tbe near future a bronze rot More cds,* Wilt ^® obtained. j.h.a. /\TtGt iOUt UGCSuGS IxGtirGrnOnt ®Poak on the subject of “A Bewil- plaque, inscribed “Men’s Bum Room, « * dering Generation” at the first of a Dedicated 1940, The Last Sanctuary Use Intricate Steps Alpha Lambda Delta Reuben Comes Out Into The Sun S-edt Sr sX! ort^' JtadS; iTi^gt^e n-Rr By Marilyn Fifield Imthtlnn TnmnrmW By John Armstrong P* of stairway. Eds and co-eds were tripping (and We had a bit of a surprise a few Music. Inside the door, the idea of ‘Tor we do mean tripping) the light fan- Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic days ago-ran right out of a mech- Number 36 of the Jefferson, Mid- previous years these convos men only” will be emphasis^ hf a tastic in the South ballroom yester- honorary for freshman women, will anism lab into Reuben Wells. Reu- Indiana Railroad, was were held at 10:30 o clock in the mural now being designed. The muday practicing new and difficult hold its initiation ceremonies tomor- ben was still blinking from the built in 1868 for hill-climbing work J^orning. This year the time has ral, to be placed on the walls of the steps for the Pony chorus tryouts. row morning at 9 o’clock. The thir- light, since he’d been in the dark- sputhem Indiana. He’s en route bera changed to 7:30 p. m. in order stairway, will have two wrestlers Led by Bob Bauman, the lanky, teen girls to be initiated are: Betty ness of the locomotive museum for t® Altoona, Fa., under the guardian- t® facilitate the attendance of those as its central theme. The mural, un-nimble-footed D. U. pledge, the Brown, Ruth Walker, Geneva Heath, the last 37 years. ship of H. E. Hoke, ME ’96, assist- students and townspeople who par- der the supervision of Bob Parks, amateur contestants strug^ed, Mary Catherine Virtue, Phillis Some little men were having ant mechanical engineer for the ticipate in Sunday morping services had its inspiration to the wrestlmg stumbled and prayed while attempt- Hyde, Carolyn McCrary, Monica quite a time moving Reuben over to Pennsy. ^ at the various town churches. d.t.b. room of th© Fieldho^e, and yrill ing to conquer the tricky steps. Buergler, June Goodman, Gail Hen- a flat car, since he weighs about 60 Evea_:wth his cab and stack re- probably be executed to charcoal on Tragedy Of Tragedies nis, Jeanette Parker, Margie Bun- tons. They had him on a trailer moved, KfeJs too high for some Only 43 Fl^yshop Tickets cartoon paper. The weaker sex may But, the tragedy of all University Boberta Kessler, and Anna with a caterpillar tread under the bridges so hik-trip to Altoona will Remain Of Oriainal 2 700 appreciate art more th^their m^ tragedies, there weren’t enough Deane Ramsey. An initiation break- heavy end, but the weight was still be a devious route to avoid obstruc- “ ' culine superiors, but her© will be males. In fact, the new ratio was fast will be held in the Union after pressing neat grooves into the When he gets there, he’ll be Playshop announces that there ®“® masterpiece they shall not have about six to one, with the co-eds the ceremony, m.h. macadam of the Services and restored to original condition for are only 43 season tickets left out ^ chance to appreciate, way out to front. However, Willie ; Stores drive leading out of the exhibition purposes. of the 2,700 originally placed on Event A Clock Wells, acting director, has high I j! museum (which, to case you don’t He Was Just A Loan sale. They are available in the Fow- The sanctuary will be further enhopes that more eds will shoiv up at Gfilinc rlCturOS know, and apparently many don’t, When the Pennsylvania took over 1®’^ Hall ticket office at $1.25 apiece, hanced by the addition of a elo^. the next meeting of the group. Tippecanoe County Purdue ^ explaining its the short line the engine ran on, f*"®™ 9 to 12 o’clock and from 1 to go that no man, under the infiomtee A highlight of the afternoon prac- Alumni Association will hold a location to several becorded seniors, they loaned him to the University. 5 o’clock on week days, and from 9 of the comfortable mascttltoit:^' of tice was the graceful antics of the meetinc in the south halirnnm of 1® l^be sheet iron building east of the Now they’re exercising the privi- to 12 o'^clock on Saturdays. e.w.m. the room, will be late to that tbzee males present. Their technique Te uln mX powerhouse.) leges of an Indian giveLnd toktog ’ o’clock. The room ia also beingT showed that we really have a few 7.3^ Movies of the Ohio State- To Chmb India^ Hills him back. Soon he’ll be back run- Fony ChorUS decorated and a number of bjiter^ eds with music in their souls. Purdue game will be shown, with a They saved the. drive by putting ntog around on his ten driving . , . trybuts will be held again esttog pictures are being bung. The The Pony chorus ,directors are running commentary by Mai El- the treads, and mov- wheels as he used to. Monday at 4 o’clock to the south new and better Bum Room wm eonreally enthusiastic aboUt the pros- jjjg Students *^®“‘ ahead everywhere that He’d surely make some mascot ballroom of the Union. Both men tinue under the old hours of 8 a. m. pects for the show, and are asking welcome and HimUtMi seating B®aben went. Tsk, tsk, how to- for the Boilermakers. Scare the and women are urged to come out. to 11 p. m., and, as to the past, the that all talented students try out available. j.h.a. efficient. daylights out of Ohio State even, e.w.m. latest magazines and curtobt neWsfor the event. Reuben, otherwise known 4s maybe. papers wiil be kept on bandL,/»»««?<» -J‘ •4s^»*s<^'*wi sj
! 1
4^
4;
'*11*
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 5# 1940 N
We have decided to organize a club There are clubs and clubs. The young Republicans have one So do the Democrats. But this one is all inclusive It’s the “We Want To Be A Captain” club. * * * Elliott can be grand president. * >l< 4t From where we sit, we’ve quit standing, that appointment was the faux pau of this whole patriotic business. But it is too late to back down That is why we say: Make everybody a captain. * * * Like Kentucky. They’ve got more colonels than privates. Nobody seems to care and the colonels are all happily running around with van dyke beards and a mint julep in their hands Our solution is give each captain a nice shiny pair of boots and a swagger stick. And Saturday night off to impress his girl in. * * * Of course there is the possibility that some might not be satisfied with such a mediocre appointment The war department might be deluged with demands for generalships There is just one answer Stringent rules No political favorites. ♦ * * Our club also offers the only practical use for the pot of gold at Fort Knox. You see economists say it would be useless, if Hitler wins. Under our present
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60 Editar-in-Chief — R. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J H McKee Managing Editor _ D K Heiple Associate Editors W E Heaton N A Ochiltree, J A Purcell, L W Ruffner, R M Skallerup, J L Traugott Business Staff Local Advertising Managers D S Powers, G C Landers Promotion Manager C E Danglemaaer Acimunts Manager, R J Shadford, Circulation Manager, R M Rectenwald Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess
Editor Associate Editors Swaim
Sports Staff J P Dolan J F. Adamson, P C Johnste, R O
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Ad vertiBing Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave , New York N Y Night Editor—^Heaton Day Editor—^Rose Issue Editor—^McCullough Night Sports ^ditor—Swaim Sophomore Staff. D T Brophy, R. S Kolb, E G Kieper, J H Armstrong, F I Jones, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdale, Martha Fox, Marian Howard, Marilyn Fifield
setup of course. We say turn it to good advantage by giving it to the captain’s club. For gold braid. d.k.h.
Cynicism Takes Step To Rear America stands today in a unique position. She courts no friends; she looks for no enemies. Isolationism as a principle, bedfellow of the Hardmg-Coolidge-Hoover “normalcy,” has at last been repudiated. And now we face the paradox of being the most isolated nation in the world. Even Britain, as she goes up bit by bit in the smoke of German bombs, can look with faith to our friendship. We have no friends to ask for help. We know our enemies. For the first time in our history ’^^e did not have to look for them; they presented themselves. It was different six months ago. Today the majority of American students have exactly reversed their position of last June. A generation reared to treat everything with skepticism, to call anything we weren’t sure about “propaganda,” we have had to make the most difficult adjustment possible. We have had to change our ideas. Whether we realize it or not, that has happened. It is no secret that college students were one of the loudest groups supporting pacifism. Today pacifism is dead. It used to be quite stylish for college students to be cynics, to say “to hell with the Uffited States,” to proclaim their determination never to fight a war for “imperialism,” to laugh every time the word “democracy” was used. What has caused the revolt from cynicism is obvious. It’s hard to be skeptical of facts like the German-Italian-Japanese alliance. It’s all too easy, however, to be skeptical of England’s ability to Survive. Does this mean that we have worked ourselves into a rosy, patriotic glow for England? It may sound a bit selfish and machiavellian, but the reason we think that America should make no bones about helping England with our every resource is that if she does not win, we undoubtedly will be in an uncomfortable position. England under the tories that Chamberlain represented was not worth saving; whether the final defeat of the appeasement principle has produced a fundamental change in the English social system cannot now be determined. So we shall reserve opinion on our sentimental sympathies with her. One thing we do understand. That while force of circumstance has required a reversal of our opinions of six months ago, we might all retain a bit of that cynicism just in case. J.L.T.
n
ew6
I
Briefs
Hello, Freshmen. ’Ole Clarence has been under a pile of papers in the comer of the office since early this summer, hibernating as it were A very mce hibernation, as hibernations go. Matter of fact, we met a mouse named Mudball, who is also a journalist, beneath the papers. He promised to send some of his stuff to the Exponent from time to time bbC Mudball has the increased advantage of being small, but suffers somewhat in the finer art of operating a typewriter. Sample contribution: hey hsten clarence i went over to the movies last night 1 walked right under the front door and sat way up in back on a curtain rod but boy o boy that picture stank everybody was poor and ambitious for twenty minutes and then bang—everybody was rich and drunk for on^ hour ten minutes the last three minutes might have been better i don’t know i always leave before the rush mudball Grant Wood, celebrated artist, has been granted a year’s leave ir&ax the art department of ihe University of Iowa to devote full time to paintiDg.
Harvard University’s $143,000,000 endowment makes it America’s richest educational institution Dr. H C Byrd of the University of Maryland has announced plans for construction of a football stadium to seat 26,000.
By Mary Lou Losey Last year’s plan is again in use regarding the Women’s Residence Hall’s participation in intramural sports All the girls will play with their respective Hall instead of with their sorority. —WAA— A good time is waiting for everyone at the ward parties next week It’s a grand chance to get acquainted with the girls in your ward Incidentally, refreshments will help break up the perhaps stilted get-ting-acquainted atmosphere Ward 1 party is Monday, Oct 7; ward 2 party, Tuesday, Oct 8; ward 3 party, Wednesday, Oct 9 —WAA— It’s not too late to join Triton Membership tests may be passed until Monday afternoon The executive committee met Thursday afternoon to arrange for the pledging and initiation The number of aspiring pledges has certainly caused a lot of splash in the pool this week, as well as a great deal of satisfaction on the part of Miss Russell and Triton’s president, Loraine Bemis The list of pledges will be announced in Tuesday morning’s Exponent. —WAA— Those not coming out for golf can still practice lusty swings inside the gym on Mondays and Wednesdays at 4. —WAA— Hockey enthusiasts! The U. S Field Hockey touring team will visit the campus October 13 and 14. Sunday night, October 13, there will be a Hockey Hobo Hike open to any coed.
— AND — TITTLE ORVIE" — WITH — lOHN SHEFFIELD DOROTHY TREE
SUNDAY - MONDAYWILLIAM GARGAN JUNE LANG ALL COLOR CARTOON
LUMA
SUN. - MON. ~ 2 HITS Love and laughter in a haunted house!
PAULETTf
HOPE
“THE
CWST BREAKEIir A PeramooRf PIcloro with RICHARD CARLSON • PAUL LUKAS ANTHONY QUINN • WILLIE BEST PLUS—2ND FEATURE MARGARET REX LOCKWOOD «t HARRISON
LAST DAY—2 HITS The Girl From God's Country CHESTER MORRIS in — ALSO — ROY ROGERS in "COLORADO"
B A B
God bless co-ed editions. We can use a day of rest now and then and it seems good to be able to walk into the Union without being eternally on guard for some bit of choice gossip for this column. But as the man said, all good things must coirte to an abrupt finish, and here we are again today pondering on what we can say that hasn’t been said too many times before B&B , . . We did hear something the other day which aroused our interest no end If you will try perhaps you can recall the other day when we mentioned the debacle of pm returmngs last week-end at the Sigma Chi house Well, we just got the rest of the story. B&B . . . Since he got his pm back from Chi 0 Betty Ann Grove, Sig Bud Taylor thinks “it’s quite appropro” that he should be dating Martha Raub, who formerly wore his fraternity brother Scotty Murray’s pin. Scotty also ha^ been dating Betty Ann Grove, thus completing the quadrangle between sorority “sister” and fraternity “brother ” Fine goings on—^we say B&B . . . Sudden Thought Department—^If all the guys we have heard expressing their desires to date other girls from what they are, there would be an awful muddle in the social life at Purdue. Only this afternoon we heard Gloria Fox, Marge Study, Sue Condit, and Nancy Cooper mentioned in this connection The grass grows the greenest on the other side of the fence B&B . . We hear that John Jarrett of the Lambda Chi house is doing right well in his quest for the hand of the fair I^eifers gal, nee Corrine He has certainly worked hard and long enough Some reward should be his Perhaps the fair gal, like virtue, is her own reward. B&B . . . The other day, while wending our weary way past the EE building along about dusk, we came upon Prexy Elliott standing by himself, apparently on his way home from work, looking over the diggings for the new addition If you will pardon our getting serious for a moment— we cquldn’t help but think how it illustrated what a fine executive and man he really is No college could ask for a better man to direct its destinies.
-todaydouble FEATURE
BABY SANDY MISCHA AUER -inunexpected FATHER 2-PLUS — >wnroqsitwiw^wFOTreiuL«wmiiiE«
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:00 FIGHT PICTURES The Most Sensational Knockout in Ring History MAX PAT BAER vs. COMISKEY Jack Dempsey Referee ALL KNOCKDOWNS IN SLOW MOTION! — Plus — Gay as the Heart ofYouthl Tender as the Heart of hovel Warm as the Heart of the World!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Here’s the bath—there ain’t no lock, so you just do like the rest of them—sing!”
R. M, Shafer ... CE ’33, has accepted an active duty assignment as first lieutenant With the construction division of the United States Army Quartermasters Corps Shafer will act as assistant constructing quartermaster at the Camp Shelby, Miss, camp project The proposed camp, which must be completed within 60 days, will house 42,000 National Guardsmen from Indiana and Ohio, d t b.
Ward Managers . . are wanted by the Intramural office for service in Wards 4, 6, and 16 For each year of service, managers receive a key and two activity points I The boundaries of tne wards are: Ward •a 400 and 500 block on Northp western Ave, 300 block on Sylvia St, and the 500 block on Hayes St. Ward 6 area bounded by 100 block on N. Grant and same block on Andrew Place. Ward 16* City of Lafayette wf
STARTS TOMORROW
Merry Mickey and Joyoua Judy in a musical iun show that starts where “Babes in Arms " left off!.
rruct^eff ROONEY
TlpjItePoinit/^ PAUL WHITEMAN AND ORCHESTRA JUKE PREISSER • WILLIAM TRACY
. LAST TIMES TODAY - LEW AYRES LIONEL BARRYMORE — IN — Dr. Kildare Goes Home'
TYRONE
LINDA
POWER • DARNELL UUANDONlEVT-JANEDJUtWELL-JOflN CARBADUE > MART ASTOR • VINCENT PRICE • JEAN ROGERS • ANN TODD DEANJAGGER..CV...
•STARTS TODAY
andSaturday, October 5, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
MMifal
'll ''-';/7
'f:
An Irisliniatt's
Following our 1940 custom of presenting news from the other side of Purdue’s football picture, we asked John Dietrich, sports editor of the Lantern, Ohio State University’s campus newspaper, to write our guest column for today’s Exponent. Thanks, John, and. Boilermakers, here’s the Buckeye scene: By John Dietrich Lantern Sports Editor “Schmidt Pears Purdue!” Well, no, to tell the truth he’s not exactly quaking in his boots at the thought of Saturday’s game; nevertheless he does have a wholesome respect for the young but determined Boilermaker team. Any El-ward-coached Purdue outfit is potential dynamite, and the tall Texan doesn’t intend to be taken by sotprise. Though the Buckeyes will no doubt be favored to win in the pregame betting, no one along the banks of the Olentangy is taking the Engineers lightly. The victory over Pitt was not won so easily as thp 30 to 7 score would indicate. Pitt’s starting eleven battle the Bucks on even terms clear through the first half, and were finally worn down by the heat, and a fiood of Scarlet-clad reserves. Ragged Defense The Ohio defense looked ragged in several spots, particularly over guard, although the powerful line smashing of George Kracum, big Pitt fullback, had a great deal to do with it. Langhurst and White turned in good performances in backing up the line, or the story might have been different. Also, a more efficient aerial attack than Pitt displayed might have had se-
rious consequences, for the pass defense was ragged in the early stages of the game. Several problems whichrhad been worrying Schmidt were partially, but not entirely solved in the Pitt game. The gaping hole left by Frank Zadworney at right ^alf will be plugged by Tom Kinkade, who displayed a previously hidden running ability in Saturday’s contest. To further bolster this key position in the Schmidt system. Jack Graf, who has been playing as Don Scott’s understudy at quarterback, moved over and took a crack at the right half spof. Graf is a heady player, a good passer and kicker, and probably a better blocker than Kinkade. The right halfback is the blocking back on Schmidt-coached teams. The performance of Dick Fisher and sophomore Les Horvath, filling in for the injured Jimmy Strausbaugh, showed that that position will be in capable hands during Jimmie’s absence. It is not yet known for certain whether or not Strausbaugh’s injured ankle will be sufficiently healed to permit him' to play against Pifrdue. Strong Forward Wall The line appears to be in good shape with the possible exception of right guard. Vic Marino’s graduation is just beginning to be noticed, and Pitt took full advantage of the weak spot in the Scarlet line, Kracum hitting this spot off a half spinner for consistent gains. Thom is a fast moving offensive guard, but seems to lack the experience to play the defensive position as it should be played. Bruckner and Tobik will help to plug the gap, and everything promises to be under control by Saturday. Schmidt was more than pleased with the way the plays were clicking against the Panthers, so this week’s drills will feature defense, particularly pass defense. It should be noted, however, that Schmidt never entirely. forgets about offense, and will probably come up with some new plays before the week is over. Ohio State, team and followers, will have their eyes trained on Mike Byelene, because they remember
ChdL ^JJL ££dtm^ Ix^slL?
Good Wholesome Food t Is Essential for the Active Mind i ,
• ECONOMICAL • SPOTLESSLY CUBAN • PLEASANT • FAST SERVICE
We Are Speaking of THE CAFETERIA on the First Floor of
JhsL fiuhdjUJL TTZc/nouot lAnwfL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Cross Country Team Drops Opener
Ed Holderman, Riveter Veteran,
These Buckeyes Bear Watching
Breaks T ape; Tolliver, I. U., Next
In a driving finish, Ed Holderman, Riveter’s ace distance man, outran Wayne Tolliver of Indiana to set a new record of 18:42.6 minutes over the 3l^ mile cross country course. However, Indiana won the meet 33 to 23 with Hedges and Kane placing in front of Shulman, who finished fifth. ■ Holderman led all the way and
Riveters Battle Continued from page 1
Charley Maag
Jimmy Strausbaugh
These two Buckeye stalwarts will be powerful cogs in Coach Francis Schmidt’s plans of. battle against the Boilermakers today at Columbus. Last Saturday Maag place-kicked a field goal from the 30 yard line against Pittsburgh, and is a defensive demon with his 215 pounds. Strausbaugh^ although hampered by a sprained ankle, will likely have a chance to worry the Boilermaker safety man with his broken-field fleetness.
White Announces Gun Squad Trials
Lt. Col. J. G. White has announced a Distinguished Gun Squad Competition to be held in the Armory sometime before Christmas. This competition, which is voluntary, will be on the 75 mm. gun. Junior Cadet Officers, acting as
executives and assistants, will organize and drill the squads for the competition. Each squad will consist of an executive and assistant, both juniors, and a chief of section, a gunner, and six cannoneers, all ’’ sophomores.
only too well the busy afternoon Mr. Byelene, and his friends Brock and Brown gave the Scarlet and ■Gray two years ago, when Purdue walked off with a well deserved 12 to 0 victory. Furthermore, Byelene is an Ohio boy, and in high school was a teammate of Charley Anderson, Ohio’s flashy end and rival of Don Scott. Confiedent—Not Cocky All in all, the Buckeyes expect an interesting session with the Boilermakers. They are confident of victory, but not cocky. It should be a great game.
Each squad will receive a minimum of two hours instruction a week, and practices will be held after 4 p. m. in the Armory. 'Winning squads in the competition will receive medals and citations. Sophomore or Junior military students who desire to enter the competition should file their applications with Lt. Col. White or Lt. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9. b.j.l.
IM Schedules
TENNIS—Today J. S. Sells vs. C. S. Armstrong Dudzinski vs. Stettner. Mangold vs. Collins.
First school of engineering in the United States was Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, founded at Troy, N. Y., by Stephen van Rensselaer in 1824.
HAMBURGERS-5/
V & L GRILL
345 State St.—^In the Village
JUMBO TENDERLOINS lOf
two of the fastest safety-men in Buckeye history. Great Backs Ohio State’s great backfield of Scott, Langhurst, and Strausbaum are the toast of the conference, being ranked on par with the great trio up at Ann Arbor, but old man injury threw a wrench into the rapks of the razzle-dazzle three when the deceptive Strausbaum received an injured ankle. He was out of the Pitt encounter last week, but the quantity of players riding the Ohio State bench gives Coach Schmidt a wealth of reserve power ’~¥©r.,jreBJaeement'Sr~Strausbaum was not even missed last week against the Panthers. Big Ohio Line In the line, Ohio will have a ten to fifteen pound advantage per man, and the Bucks have an end, Anderson, who can match Rankin in speed but not in defensive or offensive power. Their brilliant place-kicking guard, Maag, will no doubt be called into action to give the Bucks the “easy” half-a-touchdown if the Buckeye offensive is stemmed by Purdue’s vaulted defense. It took a long place kick by Maag last Saturday to give the Columbus club a 3-0 advantage at the half time. Where’s ‘De’ Ball? The Pitt game showed the Bucks qan and will use a dizzy passing game if they are stopped on land. Taking to the air three times in the Pitt affair the Schmidt coached outfit counted 18 digits. These passes being of the lateral type for about three short man-handled flips and then the long terminating heave for six points. If Purdue’s line can stand up under the/Ohio onslaught of reserves, and the Boilermaker backs can stay with the receivers, the Gold and Black can be classed in the win or tie category, but once the Scarlet and Gray passes begin to find their mark, the air bombardment will be similar to jolly ’ole London’s. Today |nore than a game is at stake. Both Purdue and Ohio State are deadlocked in Big Ten leadership for gridiron victories. During the contest Mike Byelene and Jim Miller, Riveter starters, will be performing before the home folks from Massilon, 0. Incidentally, Ohio State almost broke its back to obtain these two men back in the fall of ’37.
finished about 100 yards ahead of Tolliver. At the two mile mark the Indiana star pulled up within 25 yards of Ed, but the Boilermaker runner pulled away and was not challenged after that. Shulman Fifth Kane and Shulman staged a battle as they neared the_ finish line with the I. U. man barely nosing the Boilermaker thinly-clad out. Slowed up by a loose shoe string, Riveter sophomore Appleton caught up with Hoosiers Persinger and Wilson in the last 25 yards, passing the latter to take seventh place. Purdue men to finish were McLaughlin, ninth; Jarvis, eleventh; and Reeves, twelfth. Hoosier harrier Broertjes hurt his foot at the half way mark but limped into the stadium to finish.
lU Won Last Year Last year the meet was held at Indiana and Ed Holderman in rare form came within 20 seconds of setting a new course record. His time was 17 minutes and five seconds over the twisting trail. The Boilermakers were out-balanced that time also, and lost 20 to 39. b.d.s.
Freshman Cagers Scrimmage Against Varsity Candidates
Close to one himdred aspiring frosh basketball candidates are working out daily in the Fieldhouse, scrimmaging against their big brothers, the varsity. These sessions were inaugurafed this week by Coach Ward Lambert and start each day at 3:15.
Each quintet of yearlings engages the varsity and reserves for a seven to ten minute period, then another batch takes up the torch and the battle continues. Lambert says that every freshman will be given a chance to show his abi^ly before the first cut which will level the group to about forty. Now and then replacements are ushered into the fray on the varsity side. Included in this camp are Iseveral of the cagers who helped bring the Western Conference title to Purdue last March, and who are now in the early stages of preparation for its defense. Several new faces have appeared on the varsity gijoup during the early workouts. e.c.y.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• jewelers
• Hardware
HAYS JEWELRY CO* Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
• Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sparrendahl Tailor. Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Professional
Phone 3928
Res. 6431
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST
306 Lafayette Life Building Lafayette, Indiana
SWEET CIDER
29c Gallon — 10c Deposit on jug Chei-ry Cider — Gallon or Half Gallon
BRITT BROS'. FRUIT MARKET
12 N. Salisbury—On State
Phone 3424
[ and mu
Meet the Crowd at ^ FORD HOPKINS Upstairs Tearoom
Watch for Our FREE MUSIC RIICHTS
Submit a Name - Free — Win $5.00 in TradeJ,'?jl7 ,
I&.';
P0i^. : TO',? t'
PUH0UE EXPONENT
Saturday, Ocfofcer 5i 1040 ' 4|li
To bring you the latest irt'humor and matters of student interest as they appear in our exchange papers, we are ‘‘pledging” this column. If it’s a success and doesn’t get “blackballed,” we may “initiate” it.
Here’s an interesting headline from the Missouri Student: Stephens Girls Elated Over New “Principles” It seems that the Stephens College Suzies have been given some new “Principles of Living” this year. They now permit them to ride in automobiles at night and date any place in the town of Colurhbia. Things must have been sorta’ dull before the “Renaissance.”
According to an article in the Daily Reveille of Louisiana State University, their student council has passed a ruling prohibiting drinking at football games. They’re thinking of getting the state police to help them enforce the ruling. Looks like the alums will have a pretty dull time.
This headline in the Kentucky Kernel caught our attention: Engineers Do Not Prefer Blondes, . Reports Show This was the result of a poll of delegates attending the national Tau Beta Pi convention on the University of Kentucky campus. In fact, 80 per cent of them indicated a preference fpr brunettes^ We always wondered why we never made Tau Bete—now we know.
We see that the Daily Northwestern periodically prints short stories written by students on a page designated for that purpose. Would University students be interested in the Exponent following suit ? There would probably be no compensation for effort except the author’s seeing his name and copy in print. We’d like to know.
Bringing things close to home, probably too darned ^close, Helen Weatherwax, writing the ; column “View Feminine” in the Indiana Daily Student, satirizes Eleanor Roosevelt and her “My Day,” in a recent writing, and very well, too. Things like that are what make America America. (And that’s not double talk.)
Bill Kramer writing “Campus Scout,” Daily Illini’s very good gossip column, said recently that he and his room-mate had installed a ’phone in their room, gave the number, and remarked that if a woman answered—be broad-minded. It can’t happen here.
At the University of Illinois a “Go mini” campaign is currently being conducted. It’s a spirit campaign, and according to the Daily mini has been received and carried on with a good deal of favor and success. According to our opinion, after a ■ couple of attendances at Illinois football games last seasbnj Illinois was due for a “pep”, campaign, and Boilermakers, according to enthusiasm shown last Saturday and, we hope, today, definitely will do O. K. if they keep bearing on usual general lines. We’ve got “pep,” Prom the “deep sooth,” by way of the Daily Reveille, L. S. U.’s daily, comes this bit of newS. According to naval authorities the US. A.’s “tars” may wear shorts at sea “or in isolated ports” hereafter. From this we draw one big question: What are all these gals a sailor has in every port going to think of their “great, big inaris” in short pants? Looks like a dwarfing of the navy’s love life.
Church Directory Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church 6th and North 9:30 a. m. Studentp Class. Courtship and marriage series will be continued by Prof. E. L. Kelly. 10:46 a. m. Church Service. Doyle Mullen will give a special message on World Wide Communion. 5:16 p. m. Ten cent supper at 126 Chauncey. 6:46 p. m. Forum at church on conscription. Methodist Students 9:30 a. m. Sunday School. Co-ed department. Teachers: Mrs. R. G. Thomas and Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Classes: 1; Life and Letters of St. Paul, Rev. McFadden. 2. Conflict of Science and Religion, Prof. C. L. Porter. 3. “The Greatest Enemy of Young Americans,” Dr. C. O. Lee. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship Service. Communion and reception of the new class of affiliate members. 5:16 p. m. Student supper, 15c. 6 to 7:45 p. m. Epworth League. 6 p. m. Fellowship Hour. 6:30 p. m. Discussion groups beginning the October series. 1. World Peace, Prof. Merritt Webster. 2. The Life of Jesus, Dr. G. H. Graves. ,3. Worship, Mrs. McFadden. 4. Open Forum on Religious Questions, Rev. McFadden. 7:15 p. m. Dramatic service of Worship. At the end of the month certificates will be given to those who attend regularly the six courses in religious education. West Lafayette Baptist Church Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students Columbia and Chauncey 9:30 a, m. Roger Williams club class. Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m. Sermon by the pastor, “The Fine Art of Worship.” Communion and reception of new members. 5:00 p. m. Roger Williams club members and friends meet at the church and hike to the, home of Prof, and Mrs. J. R. Wiley for hamburger fry and religious service. Leader of service: Lawrence Wiles. In case of rain the club will remain at the church for regular meeting and supper. University Presbyterian Church John W. Findley, Pastor and Director, Westminster Foundation R. S. Thomas, Assistant North street at Grant street 9:30 a. m. Sunday mpyrning discussion group led by Dr. Findley. 10:30 a. m. Worship and preaching service, Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafay-
Well, the war’s.on! Yes sir! Dammit, we’ll be friendly rivals with Indiana University about a lot of things, but they went too far here. In “Undergraduated,” by Jim Thompson, the following is printed: “From Washington, D. C., comes the tale that conscription deferments will be decided on the basis of indispensability, or—how valuable are you to the country in your job? An official said that the farmer will have a better, chance of being deferred than the “glamour boy.” . Looks like the ‘hicks’ from Purdue might have the laugh on some of our boys.” am we have to say is, “Yes it does, doesn’t it?”
3,500 Hear Continued from page 1 ' I, . i ' ^ by mass attack of the infantry, who put the final touches on a complete and decisive rout. Downs was in Paris from the time of the first air raid on June 3 until the final capitulation of that city. He said that the Germans uSed over 160 divisions of well trained, hard fighting men in their advance across the plains of Champaigne towards Paris. For a week high officials of the French government debated the question of “defend Paris, or abandon it.” Weygand and Renault were bitterly against turning over the city in order to save it from destruction. Finally the opposing faction won out and on June 10 Paris was declared an “open city” and the seat of governmerit and many of the Parisians evacuated to soiithern France. Downs followed the government to Tours and then on to Bourdeaux. He told of seeing swarms of refugees on the roads between Paris and Bourdeaux. Roads clogged with refugees was a great detriment in the maneuvers of the French army. General de Gaulte lists this as the second largest factor contributing to the defeat of France, Downs stated. » When the Petain government finally took over on June 16 the attitude of the French people was right for the acceptance of surrender. All during the hard weeks of the German advance the French people were unable to obtain any information on what was going on. Few newspapers were in publication. Those newspapers which did appear occasionally were merely carbon copies, of vague government communiques. The Germans had destroyed almost all of tbe telephone and telegraph systems. Therefore the French people were unable to get any news through these channels of communication. All of these things contributed to the evident relief that “it was all over” which was rampant throughout France after the surrender. From Bourdeaux Downs crossed to Falmouth, England, on a Dutch freighter. There his despondent spirit was bouyed by the exhibitions of courage and determination as expressed by the English people. Their attitude was,“We may be deette. Dr. Graham vrill preach. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening club. Supper at 6 o’clock, program at 7. Dr. E. L. Kelly, of the psychology division of Purdue, will speak on “Who Is Normal?” St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry streets 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m. Holy Cominunion (Choral). 6:00 p. m. Seabury Society.
featedj^ but they’re going to know that they’ve been through a fight before We’re through.” In closing Downs said, “That after having seen the German political, economical and military niachine in fuU action, I certainly am convinced that we in America cannot waste one day in bringing our own military preparations to their highest peak,” d.t.b, - Kappa Kappa Gamma ... sorority announces the initiation of following pledges: Anne Beard, New Orleans, La.; Ann Morton, River Forest, 111.; Peg Call, Gary; Pat Lackamp, Shaker Hts, Ohio; Nancy Thomas, Shelbsrville; Kay Howell, Crawfordsville; Lois Thompson, West Lafayette; Brita Kraipslein, Sweden, jir.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE TyvawritM* Mid •ddinc ouuddaM, new and oaed, for aale, rent and ntwlred. All makM of portable trpcwritera, w 9N.60. Ofllee aappUea. Uimeosraidi and nnltisraph woric. C. F. Ebanhoff, 60C Main St. Phone 2779. —da
Bnaa-Rcnt-A-Car Service. Cara for all oeeaaiona. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Room for rent: Vn of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower, stoker heat. 134 Andrew Place.
FOR SALE—A bargain good ’31 HarleyDavidson Motorcycle. Phone 3810.
Lost: Theta crest ring; yellow gold with ring of pearls: in Union, near ballroom; reward. Notify Jane Winterrowd, ph. 6031.
Lost: Glasses in brown case between University and W. R. H. South. Reward. Call 2941.
FOR RENT—Rooms, modern near campus and village. Single bed. Garage available. 117 Wiggins. Phone 46301. LOST—Green Sheaffer Lifetime Pen. Shirley Monteith. Finder please return West Hall office WRH. Reward.
Board and room for one student at the “Bivouac”, 40 N. Salisbury.
Notices
No BoticM rocalTod aftMT $ p. ou
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 76 m.m. gun. Voluntary squads consisting of Executive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Gunner, and six. Cannoneers, all sophomores. Squads organized by juniors. Applications must be filed with Lt. Col. White or Lt. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9. —WHITE.
Freshman Engineers : Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, October 6, by schools as follows: Those whose names begin with A-E, Civil Engineering Bldg., room 201; F-K, Michael Golden Shops, room 101; L-R, Electrical Engineering Bldg., room 264; S-Z, Electrical Engineering Bldg., room 129. . —KNAPP.
All Bicyclists: Purdue Wheelmen ride on Sunday, October 6, at 2:30 p. m. Meet in front of the Executive Building. Bring 30 cents for picnic lunch. —^VANDERBILT.
Roger Williams Club: There will be a hamburger fry and discussion led by Lawrence Wiles at 5 p. m. Sunday, October 6. Meet at church. Price 10c. —BOYER.
Presbyterian Church: Party scheduled at the University Presbyterian Church for Friday night will be held Saturday night, 7:30 p. m. —THOMAS.
waiiJ SubMJubsL jb ihiL ^xpomnL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclify
.'i
H-
if,-
“It’s no use telling teacher—she’s got me classified as a ' neurotic!”
WAA Tennis: All third round matches must be played off by Tuesday, October 8. —EMHOFF.
Union. Names of applicants will be presented at meeting. —^GRIFFIN,
All Sophomore Men: Those interested in trying out for sophomore debate manager report to room 308, University Hall, at 4 p. m. Monday, October 7th. -7-HULTGREN.
Wesley Foundation: Softball game with Presbyterian Foundation at 1:30 Saturday, October 6, on Intramural field. Players are needed. . —SEARY.
All Freshmen: Freshmen interested in working on the Scrivener staff contact Ruth Dray at 2670, or report to-Scrivener office, room 808, in the Union, Saturday afternoon. —REIGLE.
Purdue Players: See call board in Eliza Fowler Hall for progress of constitutions. 10-7 —FOX.
Military Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting Monday, October 7, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —MEESE.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Actives and pledges initiation will be held in the East reception room of the Union Sunday, October 6 at 9 a. m. Initiation breakfast will be held in the old Chestnut room at 10 a. m. —BOLLMAN.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Saturday, October 6, at 1:16 p. m. in the Pi Beta Phi house. Important. —HITE.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Compulsory pledge meeting at 11 a. m. Saturday, October 6, in Oak Lounge. Initiation will be Sunday, October 6, at 9 a. m. —McHAFPIE. j
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October'6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
PIA Board: Meeting will be held again at 4 :16 p. m. in the PIA office Monday, October 7. Let’s all be present. —MUSSER.
Reamer Club: Important meeting at 7:15 p. m.; Monday, October 7, in room 303 of the Union. Pledges will appear at 7:46 sharp. Full attendance expected. —BOHLIN.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meet at 126 Chauncey, West Lafayette, at 1 p. m., Saturday, October 6, for trip to Camp Tecumseh, where annual fall retreat will be held. Transportation furnished; there will be a small charge to cover travel and eating expenses. —HUNTEr.
Sophomore Union Workers: Meeting of camera club committee at 4 o’clock Monday, October 7, in the Union office. —TAFEl. Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of. tea and reception committee at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon, October 7, it* the Union office. Following please attend: Gossett, Hardin, Darrow, JackSon, Lind, Seharff, McCauley, Reeves, Esping, Gleason, Hudson, vanGorkom, Meguiar. —SCHAUPP, BRAUDT.
Christian Science Organization: Weekly meetings, will be held at 7:30 on Thursday evenings instead of Tuesday evenings. October 10 meeting will be in room 802 of the
Hillel Foundation: Important meeting on Sunday, October 6, at Temple of Israel. Election of officers for coming year. Ehreryone come. Regular supper will be served. —GLUCK.
■i y I
I
i > I
Joe ''Dated Laundered Shirt above is a year old, but thanks to Grown Laundry's extra-careful methods he's as spry and attractive now as the day he was bought. All shirts laundered by us exclusively are GUARANTEED a full year's wear , . . positive proof of careful laundering.
LAUN
*';' l
Phone 4073