University Brings Nearly $6,000,000 Annually—Potter Speaking before the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce Thursday night, Dean of Bnginering A. A. Potter stated that approximately $6,000,000 per year is spent in the vicinity of Lafayette by persons affiliated with the University He arrived at this figure by assuming that each of the 6,778 students spends approximately $500 a year, and that each of the nearly 1,200 employees of the University spends $1,000 a year The remaining $1,250,000 IS expended by some 31,000 annual visitors to the University Monday Is Final Date For Senior Debris Sittings Fred Wintei, 1939 Debris editor, said last night that the DexheimerCailon photographer would be on the campus Monday to take Debris pictures foi those seniors who have missed then sittings He also has stressed that those scheduled for pictures today must show up, because there aie over 200 seniors who have missed their fittings and will have to be photogiaphed on Monday Pictmes will be taken fiom 8 a m until 3pm The photographei will not be here Tuesday as he will go to Bloomington to take pic tuies foi the 1939 Arbutus, Indiana University yeaibook Set All-Time Record At closing time yesterday theie weie itill seveial seniors waiting in line Up to and including yesteiday’s pictuies, 789 sittings had been taken, setting an all time rec01 d foi Debris With those pictures scheduled foi this morning and those which will be taken, the sen101 section will be the largest in the Debris histoiy If seniois do not get then pictuies taken by Monday at 3 p m , and they want them in the yeaibook they will have to go to the Dex heimei Carlon studios in Indianap oils within the month, Winters said Theie will be no moie campus sittings aftei Monday Records Will Bring Sweet Swing To Tea Dance Today Sweet swing lecoi dings of latest tunes will furnish music foi the second PIA tea dance of the year in the Union ballroom this afternoon Stai ting at 3 p m , the music of Bennie Goodman, Bob Ciosby, Kay Kysei, and other leading oi chestras will be featured until 5 30
Admission is fiee to all PIA membeis and all co eds A charge of 10 cents will be lequired of each couple not holding a PIA card Only stags who aie PIA members will be admitted and then number will be limited to 25 All stags must sign up in the PIA office PIA cards and passports will be lequued foi membei’s admission
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY October 15, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 28
EdtvardSf Cabonarg-i, Mason Win Titles By Jim McKee In an election filled with graft, corruption, and politics. Sully Mason, Bottle Edwards, and Ted Cabonargi were chosen the campus’s prize males at the Gold Diggers’ Dance last night. Phi Psi Erwin S. Mason is the Most Eligible Bachelor Beta Boyette Edwards is Lochinvar. D U. Theodore Cabonargi is God’s Gift to Women.
As he received his tin-plated loving cup Bachelor Mason said, “My friends, I can’t say how much I appreciate this honor I hope I can live up to it ” Bottle Gets Floral Horseshoe Lochinvai Bottle thought “it was a moment he would nevei forget ” He received a floral horseshoe To Ted went a shaip bladed knife “This IS the first crooked election I have ever been in,” he admitted “I’ll stick With Dick Craig, last yeai’s winner, and say I owe it all to my mother ” Some 700 Gold Diggers last night announced their candidacy for dates during the coming year, as Dick Cisne played for the 1939 edition of the Puidue “Gold Diggers” dance The woim had turned for the males Males Get Free Dinners Gills called to take them to dm nei, and at almost eveiy organized house there was a dinner fpr the lucky males The Pedalrons hired Roys Transfer Company to truck rn their dates Two couples rode to the Union on a gas truck Helen Reese brought her date in a pony cart Less imaginative escorts used the street cars cars, and taxis Foi corsages there was every thing from crgarettes to lillres The prize we saw was a pipe centerpiece with cigarette and cigar trrmmrngs Popcorn, carrots, cabbage and roses helped complete the list ^ In the grill, at intermission the boys were not abashed One date sat with three milk shakes in front of him “I’ll get even for all of my
Five Varsity Men Return For Debate With their first debate coming either November 11 or 12, the men’s debate squad is hard at work with the resolution for the year. Resolved That the United States should establish an alliance with Great Britain This year’s squad is built around returning varsity men M Karnowsky, D Paarlberg, R Sasser, J Rittenhouse, and K Kelble, and B Bohlin, M Keane, T Lowe, D Smish M White, R Sprmggate, mem bers of the freshman team The first debate will be held here with either Ohio State or Michigan, the second on December 2 with the other Last year Purdue tied with Iowa and Minnesota for second place in the Western Conference Debate League
Steam Shovels, Trucks Work At Top Speed To Finish Third WRH Building
By Mane Butz
In Older to complete the thud Women’s Residence Hall before another school year begins, workmen aie operating steam shovels and trucks at top speed to add another unit to Purdue’s housing facilities for women students The newest hall, which is located at the head of Second street, somewhat west of the two present buildings, will repeat the English Tudor architecture and the brick and Indiana limestone fireproof construction of the pres-
ent buildings
The geneial appearance of the new building will be somewhat different in that the mam entrance will be set well back from the circle drive and the wings of the “V” will extend forward This arrangement makes it possible to have the main entrance open onto a flagstone terlace and a beautiful lawn dotted
with handsome old oak trees Some new features of interior ai langement will add to the conven lence and pleasure of the residents of all three Halls One end of the large recreation room on the ground floor will be equipped as a soda fountain and gull The dining room on the first floor will be provided with a special unit for cafeteria service Telephone connections are provided for every room The new buildrng will accommo date 140 residents It will be the largest of the three Halls and will be set up as the central admrnis trative unit With the completion of the thud Hall, the University will offer living accommodations to nearly 400 women students It is expected that appioximately 200 upperclass women and 200 freshmen women will be cared foi in the thiee
units
dates at once,” he commented Dance In Cafeteiia The ballroom became too crowded by 10 o’clock Tables were shoved back in the cafeteria and 150 couples danced there with amplified music from the ballroom As prospectors brought rn therr finds, studerfts Irned the srdes of the halls to see the varigated corsages and headdresses Ticket sellers boosted then fraternity brothers for most eligible bachelor By 11 o’clock those not so lucky as to rate dates to the dance dr rfted rn from local shows They’ll keep their fingers crossed for another year and hope Frosh Will Vote For Green Potter Heads Tuesday, November 1 Freshmen will elect officers for Green Potters on Tuesday, Novem ber 1 in the Union ballroom Of fices which will be filled are president, vice president, secretary treasurer, and social chairman Nominations will be in the form of petitions, which may be secured at a desk in the Union lobby Tuesday through Friday, between the hours of 4 and 5 30 o’clock Petitioners will have 10 days in which to secure 50 freshmen signatures The petitions must be turned in to the Skull and Crescent rep resentative at the Union desk before 5 30 p m Saturday A charge of 75 cents will be made for each petition in order to cover the cost of the election The election will be held at 7 30 p m , November 1, and each freshman should bring his passport The candidates will be introduced and will have an opportunity to say a few words before the voters are given a chance to cast their ballots Vet Short Course Begins Tuesday; Sears To Speak Veterinarians, animal husbandry specialists, poultry husbandry spe cialists, an agricultural chemist, and a historian will appeal on the program during the annual veterinary short course Tuesday through Fii day A complete and comprehensive short course in all phases of veterinary work will be given Sears Principal Speaker One of the features of the fourday meeting will be a banquet on Wednesday evening, at which Prof Louis M Sears will be the principal speaker A hog clinic, poultry clrnic, calfhood vaccination for Bank’s disease. Bang’s disease control and prob lems relating to it heredity and disease, “Are Feeds for Lrvestock Re sponsrble for Losses Due to Porson ing?” the pure bred horse busrness in Indiana, a small animal clinic, and general clinics will be discussed and demonstiated during the course Lecturers and clinicians on the piogiam will include Dr J L Ax by, state veterinarian of Indiana, Dr S E Bowman, inspector of hatcheries, Indiana Livestock Sam tary Board, Dis J B Current, C W Fisher, and W G Galloway, junior veterinarians. Bureau of Animal Industry, Dr C C Donelson, drs tributor of drugs and biological piepaiations, Indianapolis, Dr G L Ebright, prrctitronei, Hammond, Dr V F Saylors, quarantine offi cer, Indiana Livestock Sanitary Board, Dr T H Fergusion, practitioner, Lake Geneva, Wis Van ous membtis of the University staff will take pait in the program
Purdue Faces Fordham Rams At Polo Grounds Today; New Yorkers Given A Slight Edge Boilermakers Meet Highly Touted Rams Today at 1 p. m. (GST); Squad Views Battle With Confidence After Minnesota Contest Purdue’s Boilermakers will meet Jim Crowley’s unbeaten Fordham Rams this afternoon at 2 o’clock (EST), at the Polo Grounds, home of the New York Giants. Undefeated last season and winners by a wide margin in their opening tilts this year, the Rams are a slight favorite in the day’s battle. But a Purdue upset, if a Purdue victory can be termed that way, is not at all an impossibility. The Boilermakers’ confidence and hopes were lifted by their stand against the hard driving Gophers.
Fordham, known throughout the football world as an exceptionally rough playing grid machine, is likely to get a dose of her own medicine if the Rams display their usual tactics during the tilt this afternoon The Boilermakers are in fine fighting shape and will be out there giving and taking with the best
of them
Starting End
Avenger
Gene Britt will be at one of the starting end positions as the Boilermakers face Fordham’s highly touted Rams in New York this afternoon Mixer Tonight'
Band Place
Swing Session
Mixer
Ken Nowlan Umon Ballroom
7 to 8
9 to 12—$1 00
Today will be the second time Lou Brock has faced Fordham on the New York field He will be out to retaliate for last year’s clash when the Rams defeated Purdue, 21-3
Activities Bureau Plans Frosh Training School, Calls For Sophomore Workers Meeting yesterday afternoon the Activities Bmeau planned their couise foi the coming year Mam function of the bmeau will be the placement of freshmen in proper activities, accomplished by an activities training school The first semester’s school will be initiated in the neai futuie The bureau will print and distribute their activity chart within the next two weeks An attempt will be made to laise the scholastic index of activity people by aizanging regular woik schedules for the diffeient activities A file will be kept of all persons m University activities and then scholastic aveiages, and this recoid will also include geneial peisonnel information The bureau asks all sophomores interested in activities work to meet in room F of the Union at 4 p m Monday, reporting to Leon Jacobson, bureau head, or Carl Lutz, junior manager. Next Thursday the leadership school foi activity officers will start. Outside speakers will be the mam feature of the school The bureau is run by an advisory board com;^osed of lepiesentatives from WSGA, Union, Exponent, PIA, dramatics, music. Senate, and Debris.
Hon. Fred Bale To Speak At M. E. Church Tomorrow Hon Fred G Bale will speak at the First M E Church, Main and South streets, at 10 40 tomoirow morning Bale was a prosecutor in one of the pioneer juvenile courts of Columbus, 0, and has had unusual opportunities to study social conditions and then causes Bale has lectured in eveiy state of the Union and in every piovince of Canada before educational meetings, umveisities, high schools, commencement exeicises, and PTA meetings Rev Otto Scott Steele invites the public to attend the seivice
Tonight...
at the regular Union mixei, dollai tickets will go on sale foi the Aitie Shaw “homecoming” mixei Fiiday night If enough tickets aie sold, an amplifying system will be set up in both the faculty lounge and cafeteiia Pass-out checks will be collected at the faculty lounge which will be cleared foi dancing The cafeteria, howevei, will not be cleaied for dancing. Student Umon officials explained last night Theta Tau . . . engineeimg social fiateimty, announces the* pledging of Phillip A Ryan, Evansville
A new member to the Boilermaker staiting lineup and a New Yorker, Len Diehl will start the contest at right tackle for the Gold and Blacks Diehl, who has knocked aiound at guaid for the past two seasons, has been shifted to the tackle position this season, and his bi illiant play m the Minnesota goal line stands ushered him to a startToday’s game will be broadcast by both station WBAA and station WOWO at Fort Wayne WBAA’s’ broadcast will start at 1 o’clock, and WOWO will start to air the battle at 12 50 mg position for this game The remaining sections of the starting Purdue line are the same as those in the Detroit and Butler battles Tykocki Will See Action Although the Riveter backfield remains identical to the starting lineup used in the three preceding games, Ted Tykocki and John Petty, the ’41 freshman watch winner, are expected to see much action during the contest Tykocki, the fastest man on the squad, has been hampered by injuries for the most part of this season, but in the workout held yesterday afternoon at the Westchester Country Club, outside New York City, Ted was running with his preseason speed and form Petty, a terrific driver and noimally a fullback, has been changed to left halfback for replacement to Mike Byelene and Lou Brock Byelene’s shouldei has been giving the little sophomoie’s passing some difficulty, but by game time the injury, which is slight, will be healed Other injured lads on the Puidue squad who will see little or no action aie Bill Vergane and Dick Johnson at tackles, Kiause at end, Shackleton at quarterback and cocaptain Paul Humphrey at center. Morningatar, who stood up well in the Minnesota dog fight, will fill Humphrey’s shoes, with Ted Axton held in reserve Music Room Plans Piano Duo Sunday Music lovers can enjoy themselves at a music program to be given by Dr and Mis G H Graves in the music loom of the Memorial Union Building tomoirow, at 4 p m. The Giaves weie the first to have a collection of duo piano selections in Lafayette The music to be played was arlanged by Di Giaves iiom selections of Bach Di Graves has tried to ai range the program so that the music will not only be of inteiest to the student, but will have quality as well
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana; Generally fair today and Sunday. Somewhat coolei in noith and central portions today.
-Sift
I'I
• 2
£dijbAicd
THE PURDUE E3CPONENT
J’SudWUlA
Saturday, October 15, 1938
Competition Started... . . . this week in the annual senior employment sweepstakes. Representatives from duPont de Nemours Corporation arrived on the campus Thursday to become the leaders of a year-long parade of company interviewers. Careful watching of this parade will be an allimportant part of the average senior’s work this year. University personnel departments will be kept busy contacting industries and arranging interviews. It will be up to each individual to see that he makes the most of the opportunities for making valuable contacts offered this year. At no other time in his life will the senior have a chance to interview men from so many different companies under such favorable conditions. Now no letters of introduction are needed to get past outer offices, no expensive and troublesome travelling is necessary to see these personnel men. After graduation such difficultions are invariably present. They will constitute a very practical disadvantage to the person who fails to graduate on time. Employment lectures will serve to educate seniors in the art of interviey^ing and other impoi'tant job-getting and job-holding accomplishments. Attendance at these lectures, while nominally voluntary, should be considered by seniors as almost compulsory by virtue of their real and immediate worth. To assist seniors in keeping up with the parade of company representatives the Exponent will publish a “Personnel Notes” column. More complete news will of course appear on the bulletin boards of the respective schools. Scholastic Requirements.., . . . setting up a 3.5 index as a requisite for all campus managerial, elective, or appointive offices were made part of the University regulations last May. The plan of requirements and their application was well worked out, but left a few points yet to be interpreted. On the whole the idea is sound and should be beneficial to both students and activities. One point, however, presents a problem of application that may affect quite a few junior activity officers. They will be vitally interested in knowing whether the 3.5 average index for all preceding semesters will apply to them when they come up for senior elections. If the rule does apply in those cases it is retroactive and unfair. It can conceivably do a severe injustice to a student who has workeci
the Purdue Exponent:
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New Yor^
CHICAGO '.BOSTON ' LOS ARSELES
Y.
IA«r^RAH&>«CO A 'V.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dfflMng the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Sesfion., Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3;B0.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. 1. Stanback R, R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor...... L. S. ^rdin City Editor , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager lAical Advertising Manager — Circulation Manager ^— - Sales Manager National Advertising Manager— Accounts Manager.. — Art Director. —
M. C. Reeves ....JE. M. Antonini .... ...W. F. Berg V. Daugherty H. W. Nevin ...W. E. Smith D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF
Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors —...Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald — J. A. Hebbeler, jL Jenkins, R. J. Deckard •EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, lafayette, Indiana
Phdne 6038
Editor.— .....Vi.....,.: Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Heiple Saturday, October 15, 1938
up through the activity ranks to a junior position, without any scholastic restriction .... and then finds out that a ruling passed after his election to the junior post sweeps away his chances for a senior job. That should never be allowed to happen. Probably the best plan for beginning to apply the new ruling would be to enforce it in all cases of junior elections and elections of seniors who have not held junior positions. The ruling could begin to affect senior elections next year. Also the 3.5 index could be raised gradually until it at least reaches the lowest average necessary for graduation which is above 3.6.
Heigh ho, just one short week and the sorority pledges are beginning to feel the effects of their muchly-reduced status ... Pi Beta Phi is leading the pledge dance procession and treating the lowlies to their annual affair. Time, to- . night; place, Duncan Hall; and last, albeit foremost, the orchestra. Matt Matthews. White flowers and fern will form an effective background for the dancers, while the programs are to be dubonnet, in the shape of pledge pins. —H-H— And then the fraternities aren’t leaving all the entertainment to the girls. At the Kappa Sig hang-out tonight, pledges will be kings. Bud Bryant and the boys providing the necessary royal atmosphere from 9 until 12. —H-H— Irvan Maury, the new campus orchestra which incidentally played at the mixer October 3, is a guest entertainer at the Sig Ep house tonight from 9 until 12, Decorations have been planned to „ honor the pledges as the backdrop simulates a red and gold Sigma Phi Epsilon pledge pin against a bright green background. As a further courtesy, a freshman pot will grace one corner of the backdrop, beneath which nicknames of the chapter’s pledges will appear. —H-H— ' The eds are really whooping it up in great style . . . one more pledge dance, that of the Alpha Gamma Rho’s is on for this Saturday night. Melody will be provided by Glenn Goff’s orchestra in Allen’s ballroom . . . we think you’ll like the smooth, roomy ballroom. —H-H— Alpha Xi Delta had as dinner guests Wednesday, Mrs. Grace Cogger Carlson and Mrs. Vida Winter, national president and secretary of the sorority. These officers, while visiting the Alpha Eta chapter, will work on a new Alpha Xi pledge manual. Mrs. Winter and Mrs. Carlson will meet Dean Stratton today.
Cinema Cues
Opening a one-day engagement on the stage at the Mars Theatre Saturday, “FOLIES DE PAREE” the season’s fastest Girl Show, brings the season’s largest cast of headliners including 24 beauties and an all Girl Swing Band in addition to the acts. a Heading the cast of Variety Stars are such personalities as “Wilfred Dubois,” the French juggler and Tennis Stars, The Four Byrons, the Mad Wags of the entertainment world. Bob Dale and Company, gifted Hollywood Comiques who offer a fast and furious travesty on Life in Movieland, and a score of others including Mile Gloria Glenmore, chic Parisienne Songbird, who offers a few of those famous Ballads d’Amour for which Paris is justly famous. The girls are well represented by a Girl Swing Band who Ride and Swing out in a manner sure to be approved by all, even the Jitterbugs and who contribute a Medley. of their own featuring the most talented instrumentalists in the aggregation. As first Lady of Swing they bring the platinum haired Janice Janis who wiggles and cavorts in the most syncopated man-
Of Interest To All Coeds The work of each of the ten skilled beauticians at Loeb’s Beauty Salon on the second floor of Loeb’s will leave every customer thoroughly pleased. She will vow to returh to this pleasant atmosphere whei'e modern, sanitary equipment, comfort, and faultless sei-vice reign. The luxury of private rooms, air conditioning, pullman chairs and a delightful lounge comes at no extra cost—even reduced prices on Co-ed Days. Soft water is always used, the hair can be dried in eighteen minutes, and while sitting under the dryer she can enjoy refreshments from the Cafe Service. The last and ever so telling touches are under the personal supei’vision of Lee Grieves, Lafayette’s leading beauty consultant. Please call 7901 for an appointment. — AD —
ner in tempo to the rhythmatic revels of the band. Beauty comes to the fore with a troupe of shapely Chorines who of-, fer a series of precision routines as well as forming a background for Mile Florrie who brings a seductive love dance of the Distance Tropics “CONGOLA.” The show is well staged, elaborately mounted and lavishly costumed and precedes through an entertaining evening at a hilarious pace. On the screen—-Randolph Scott, Glenda Farrell in; “The Road to Reno.” Flying Club Members Elect Cheveden President New officers for the year were elected at a recent meeting of the Flying Club. Those elected were: Ray Cheveden, president; Cleveland Hyde, vice-president; Lois Hollingsworth, secretary; and Jack Bailey, treasurer. At present the club roster includes eight licensed pilots headed by 0. H. Skinner, who holds a commercial license with 450 hours to his credit. The total flying time of the club amounts to 1,200 hours— nearly two continuous , months of flying.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
—- Also — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
BETTY WICKARD SET A NEW LOW for the Gold Diggers dates. The tickets for the affair came gratis fi'om the WSGA. The light corsage came from the Kappa Christmas tree. The dinner was on the Kappas and to top it off she walked the lucky boy to and from the house. DID YOU BUY the lad a coke BETTY or did he have to bring his own supply of refreshments? WHILE DISCUSSING the Gold Diggers splurge at the Phi Gam house, BOB VIEHE was asked “WHO?” BOB replied (quote) “I can’t recall just which of the three pests it was. It was either JEAN JONES, PAT SHARKEY or MARY PETTIGREW.” THE UNFORTUNATE was PETTIGREW of that good oT Chi “0” house. BILL MILLHOLLAND, THAT ATO, has done the impossible, believe it or not. The boy put qut his pin. The lucky girl is BETTY LYONS, a transfer from Oberlin College. BILL did the job Sunday and it took the boys at the house till Thursday to make the discovery. IF YOU THINK THE ATO’S are off the ball, look at us, we didn’t find it out until today. NOTICE TO BROWNIE. BOB McConnell, that blonde Phi Delt that was President of the Purdue Temperance Union, has transferred to Ohio State—Miami—or some other Ohio happy hunting ground. ALL GOOD THINGS MUST END and this very thing happened to the Debris photographers’ camera at the Alpha Chi house yesterday. WE ARE NOT TRYING to turn this column into a weather report or the like, but hasn’t it struck you rather funny when you realize that it hasn’t rained here in the swamp for better than a week? And if you were disappointed because your heart’s desire didn’t invite you to Gold Diggers, just hop on the books and remember “A little bit of wisdom And a little common sense Make the wounds of cupid A little less intense.” TO FRANCES MERRITT: If you would fix your hair before you come to yoUr 8 o’clock, a certain professor wouldn’t be so embarrassed by asking if you have a question.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
Irene Dare, the World’s Youngest Ice Skating Sensation!
— TODAY -- DOUBLE FEATURE
JANE WITHERS Stuart Erwin - Una Merkel in “CHECKERS” — Plus “THE BLACK DOLL”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘You’ll have to excuse the wife’s cocktails, Boss:—her mother never let her lift a finger in the kitchen at home.” PURDUE CERTAINLY HAS its absence of the hay—not the hey! peculiarities. Last week the Phi — Delts had a steak-fry minus the TO TOP THE WHOLE thing off steak. This past week-end the Betas ^tie Fuzzies had a tea last Sunday , J , ., -xv • and forgot the tea. had a hay-ride with the conspicuous
LUMA
LAST DAY—
2 FIRST RUN HITS
SETHRfiE MESOUTTEERS
— Sun.-Mon. — FRED MAC MURRAY in ''Cocoanuf Grove"
Admission-— Matinee 20c Nights .......20c-25c Children lOe Night Prices Prevail on Sundays ■ and Holidays
LAST DAY-
-— Starting •— TOMORROW TheRlTJ?
lONCS! ^ BRQTHIRS
STttAlCMX
PLACE
ill RICHARD'ARLIN ETHEL merman ! PHYLLJS 6ROPKS'
It's Yippee vs. Whoopee! . . . When Grass Widows from the East meet Prairie Cowboys from the West at a Dude Ranch. RANDOLPH SCOTT
'ROAD TO RENO — with — GLENDA FARRELL HOPE HAMILTON
STAG
THE CHAMPAGNE OF ALL FRENCH REVUES “FOLIES De PAREE
— with-— 'THE PARISIAN MELODIANS" All Girls' Swing Band — and — A Star Studded Cast of International
— Plus — NEW LOW STAGE SHOW PRICES COME EARLY 11:30 A. M. All SCSI'S 2,Sc 1:00*P. M. ~ 1:00 P. M. All Seats 30c zmp.M. 2:00 P. M. to Closing Main Floor 40c Balcony 30c Children (All Day)... 15c Stage Shows at 1:30-3:40-5:50- 8:00- 10:15 Last Complete Show at 10:15 —TODAY ONLY— MARS
Starting
TOMORROW
EAGER in love
«U| PRISCIIXA LANE • ROSEMARY LANE LOLA LANB.QAUSPAGB.CLAUDBRAINS. / Saturday, October 15, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Purdue B' Team Plays Northwestern Reserves Today
/
Boilermakers Seek Second
All Big Ten Conference Teams See Action Today Ohio State Invades Northwestern For Important Game; Michigan Holds Upset Hopes At Minnesota Intersectional games are the order of the day as every Big Ten team is in action today. Besides the Purdue-Fordham clash, there is Wisconsin's game with Pittsburgh, and the In-diana-Nebraska tussle, Illinois also plays an out-of-the conference foe in Notre Dame, while the remaining Big Ten teams
battle among themselves. —
The Northwestern - Ohio State game at Evanston is expected to have a great deal of bearing on the outcome of the title race, as both teams are rated near the top. The Wildcats are yet to be tested against a really tough foe, while the Buckeyes have already faced two of their hardest games and have come out with an even break. Ohio State is potentially powerful, but has yet to hit its stride. Gopher s-W olverines Another important confeience game is that between Minnesota and Michigan at Minneapolis. Crisler’s Wolverines are hoping to get back near the top of the heap this year and have shown promise thus far this season. The Gophers have had three tough games already this season and may be in the mood for a let-down. Iowa’s Hawkeyes have dropped two games this season, as has their opponent, Chicago, but the cornstate boys are hoping to pull out of the losing streak against the Maroons at Chicago. Iowa has the material for a much better team than results indicate and can be expected
to make up for the bad showings very soon. Indiana’s highly rated team has dropped two conference games so far and invades Nebraska for a chance to return to last year’s winning ways. The Hoosiers have a score to settle with the Westerners after the 1937 defeat at their hands. Notre Dame will be at Urbana today to face Illinois, with the Irish hoping to continue their victory string and the Illini ready to stop their rush for top gridiron honors. Notie Dame has fooled some of the experts with its powerful team and will be hard to stop. Jeff Whips Shorfridge, 7-0 The Jeff powerhouse defeated Shortridge High of Indianapolis, 7-0, before 5,000 fans at Jeff Plateau last night. The Bronchos tallied early in the last quarter after a 60 yard march, Lancaster going across from the nine yard line. DeVault drove through center for the extra point. It was the first defeat m five starts for the Blue Devils and the fifth straight victory for the Bronchos.
A GOOD BED After a Long Ride Pleases Every Traveler
SPECIAL SPRINGS and Scientifically Designed Innercoil Spring MATTRESSES Give Restful Slumber IN THE UNION
YOUR GUESTS Will Appreciate Your Thoughtfulness If You MAKE RESERVATIONS THE UNION CLUB JhL fiWvdiUL TI/hmiftmL lAnmu The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
f
iclder’a.,.. ....choie*
By Bruce Witwer One of last year’s players whom Fordham misses this year is Alexander Wojciechowicfe, All-American center . . . last year the Rams were five deep at the center position but Wojie’s brilliance was so dazzling that the other four men didn’t get much of a chance to sparkle . .. the first of the season saw Ram followers in deep concern . . . only four centers this year . . . that was bad. —fc— To meet the difficult situation. Coach Crowley shifted DeFilippo from tackle to the pivot post . , . now the Maroon sympathizers rest easier ... he is pushing Red Haggerty, regular center, very hard for the position and will probably spend a goodly portion of time on the New York field this afternoon glaring across the line at Humphrey or Morningstar. —^fc— DeFilippo is just a little lad trying to get through college. . . he is six feet, two inches tall and weighs about 200 pounds . . . that makes him just on a par with Morningstar and gives him a little edge on Humphrey as far as height and weight goes . . which is not very far when you stack up against a veteran ball player like Hump . .. DeFilippo, by the way, is only a sophomore and has somewhat of a game record as Paul Humphrey ... in 34 consecutive games in high school and on the frosh squad, he hasn’t been on the sidelines a total of 15 minutes . . . Hump has 42 straight games to his credit. Phillip Luginbill, Jr . . . was elected president of the Thomas Say Entomological Society at the opening meeting of the dub held Tuesday in the Agrici^ture Building. John J. Pavinger was elected vi'ce-president and Virgil Knapp secretary-treasurer of the society. Piofessor John’M'. Amos, assistant research entomologist at the University of Delaware, spoke on extension work in the state of Delaware. Professor Amos graduated from Purdue in 1932 and deceived his master of science degree here in 1933.
Intramural Cross Country Begins With Inter-School Meet With intramural cross country meets scheduled during the next four weeks. Chief Clevett suggested yesterday that all students who are interested should begin practice at
once.
Heading the list of meets will be an inter-school contest to be held October 19. Any number of men from each school may enter, with the scoring to be divided among the men from each group who finish first, second, and third. Following the initial meet ,the fraternity! ciross country will be held October 26, the ward competition on October 27, and the freshman interfraternity meet November 2. Four men are permitted on each squad, but at the inter-school meet, only the first three to finish will be included in the scoring. Remodeled Women's Pool Is Open Thursday Nights Exclusively for the use of women students, the remodeled swimming pool in Memorial Gymnasium is open from 4 to 5:30 on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoons and from 7:30 to 9 on Thursday evening. Regulations to govern the use of the pool are as follows: 1. All undergraduate women may use the pool at any hour scheduled as open swimming. Undergraduates desiring gym lockers may secure them by depositing $1 at the cashier’s office. 2. Graduate or special students may swim after securing a medical certificate and may obtain lockers by the same process as the undergraduate women. 3. Members of the teaching or clerical staff or any women connected with the university may swim after securing a medical certificate and paying a $2 locker fee at the cashier’s office. One dollar of this covers the swimming suit and towel service and the remainder is refunded when the lock is returned. SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locus, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• jewelers
• Professional
R. C. EISENBACH ^jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine wist Lafayette Phone 4965
R. |. BATH Watchmaker
605 Main St.
• Christmas Cards
• Public Stenographer Typing and Notary Public Service ESTHER AMBLER Lahr Hotel
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Cnveiopes for $1.50. Finest Quality Art $3.00. Your name inscribe on each tree If desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
Straight Victory At Home While the Purdue varsity warriors battle the Fordham Rams in New York City this afternoon, the Boilermaker “B” football team will spotlight the home sports program in a game with the Northwestern University reserves beginning at 2:30 o’clock in Ross-Ade stadium. Passports only will be required for admittance. . ——
Last week the Wildcats met the Notre Dame “B” squad and after a teirific battle the score board read 6 and 6. This game was contested at Notre Dame. > Coaches Don Powell and Duane Purvis have announced that the Gold and Black lineup will include the following: Mackey and Stevens at the ends; Dilts and Turon, tackles; Proudfit and Cook, guards; Jerrell, center; Lindsey, qiiaiterback; Mcllwain and Yeager, halfbacks, and Liebrecht, fullback. The Northwestern club in tieing Notie Dame outplayed the Ramblers, but lacked the scoring punch when within the sight of pay diit. TJied^otre Dame line was also of the stubborn soit. Northwestern used many passes early in the game with a wide running attack. Pui due’s backfield will possess a hard driving fullback in Paul Liebrecht with two fleet backs in McIlwain and Yeager. Mcllwain scored the lone Boilermaker touchdown in the initial Purdue “B” team fracas
of the season, that was won by the Gold and Black 6-0 over a fighting eleven of Illini. Tryouts For Varsity Squash Begin Monday Varsity squash tiyouts will be held in Room 104 of the Fieldhouse Monday at 4 o’clock. Coach Clevett urges all men who are interested in trying out, of sophomore standing or above, to be present at the first meeting. Depending upon the size of the opposing squad, a varying number of five to 10 men will compete in each' contest. This year’s squad will be led by Tony Sokolowski, who was number two man on the team the past season. The squad will compete in 15 to 20 games. Until the courts in the Fieldhouse have been completed, the town courts will be used.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
See Our Fall Line "QUAKER" Lace Curtains These are the very newest lace creations made by these nationally known curtain makers.
Our New Fall Line of Draperies and Curtains Are Here
PANELS Lovely new lace effects that will give you a new conception of window beauty. 48-in. wide, IVi yards’ long. Each
PAIRS Exquisite new lace creations that will be seen in well dressed homes this fall. 34-in. wide. Pair
$1.49 up $1.25 up
Northwestern at Vine
mu Phone 4081i, 1
3baad. OdSu
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
^yioiicSLL.
Saturday, October 15, 1938
ll^t
tomorrow /^t f^he j ‘ L^hiAV'ches
St. John’s Episcopal 8 00 a m —Holy communion. 10 45 a m—Moining: piajei and sei mon 3 00 p m —Young people’s fellowship picnic at Happy Hollow. Meet in Union Building. Twentyfive cents. Central Presbyterian 9:30 a. m —Group discussion led by Di Giaves 10 45 a. m —Moinmg woiship. Sermon, “The Hidden Wisdom,” by Di W R Graham 6 00 p —Sunday evening foium at Y e''tmin-.tei House West Lafayette Baptist 9 30 a m —Roger Williams class, led b\ Di Noss 10 35 a m —Morning woiship. Ser-' mon Poitrait of Man,” Rev. Glea-'On 5 30 p m—Roger Williams social hour 6 30 p in —-Discussion gioup led by Di L M Seals 7 30 p 111—Evening woiship Wesley Foundation 9 JO a m —Gills class at the Foundation house Men’« class at the church Talk by Prof J T Gunn 10 00 a m —Moining church The speakei i-- the honorable Fied Bale on “Today’s Youth and the Cominunnv ’ 5 00 p in —Fellowship supper. 6:30 p m—Student forum at the chinch Speakei, Prof T K. Noss on “The Chiistian Solution of our Economic Problems ”
11 0011 dO12 0012 lo12 3012 451 00-
2 152 302 453 004 004 154 304 45-
—MOISDA'i — Prcf Robtit Phillips—Amtncan Institutions -Purdui. News Plashes -Afjricultuial Forum -Splits Review—Dieh Shivelj -Lu-choon Dante Time -Robemarv Robinson soprano -Town Cner -Monitor Views thi News -Stf 1 \ Time -Market Reports -The World We Live In Obsuvation of National Phaimacy Wt k -Poods Faots-Pancies —Mrs A M Mai tin—-violin —Sjmphony Hall —Contract Budge Chats—Julius Born —Campus Personalities -Vinnie, Fran and Jask -Story Book Hour
Notices may be phoned in to the Exponent editonal office or placed in the Exponent box at the mam Union desk before 8 p. m.
Catalyst ^ Important meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 18, at Pi Kappa Alpha house It is important that all actives be there —CRAIG
LAFAYETTE printing company 511 Ferry St Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a call- , ing caud to a High School Annual
Purdue Engineer. Monday October 17 IS (111 deadline foi all articles being written It IS VI rv necessary that they be turned in promptly -TAYIOR
Tuesday, Octobei 18 Uniforms are not necessaiy for rehearsals —PICKERING
ern trip could not be arranged.
-KNAPP
Scabbard and Blade Pledge preference list must bo given to Don Vance by 4 p m Monday Octobei 17 —HAMMER Union Workers Will my committee please meet in the Student Union office at 1 0 clock Saturday October 15 —STOCKER
Co-ed Lifesavers; Theie will be a meeting of lifesaveis iiuxharge of the pool at 11 a m Saturday, October 16 —JORGESON
Purdue Lutheran Students Club: Picnic Sunday afternoon, October 16 Be at the mam lounge of the Union at 2 80 p m —PULTZ, OTT.
Wisconsin Alumni: Keverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6:15 Tickets are selling at $1. A table will be reserved A. J. Berge, alumni secretary, will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin —BAUGH.
EE Students: Meet m front of EE Building Saturday, October 16, at 1.00 p. m. for transportation to picnic. —FIELD
WSGA Presidents Council Meeting in room B of the Union Tuesday, October 18 at 4 p m One representative from each girl b independent rooming house is asktd to bt present —JAKES
Christian Science Organiration Regular weekly meeting of the oiganization will be held in room C of the Union Building on Tuesday, Octobei 18, at 7 30 p m —McIntosh Senior Military Students who have volunteered to participate in a flag raising ceremony before the Wisconsin game, please lepoit at the Ross-Ade Stadium at 4 p m
PIA Orchestra; No rehearsal Friday, October 14, and orchestia will not play Saturday, October 16 —SHINN Freshman Engineering Lectures: All divisions of freshman engmeeimg lectures will meet Saturday, October 16, in Eliza Fowler Hall Occupy seats previously assigned —KNAPP.
Military: The following scheduled softball games are cancelled • H3 vs B3 on October 14, HI vs B1 on October 14, A1 vs B1 on October 17, and A3 vs B3 on October 17 Special play-off schedule: HI vs. Bl, DI vs El, and FI vs. SI on mtra-mural field at 1 '16 p m on Saturday, October 16 —BECKLEY.
M. E. 31 Conditions: Examinations for the removal of conditions m M B 31 will be held Saturday, December 10, in room 301
of the M. E. building. Make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 3 This will be the only opportunity this semester (10-15) MESSERSMITH. YWCA 21 Club: For all girls over 21 who plan to vote November 80. Girls interested must sign up m the YWCA office this week. First meeting m YWCA office Monday, October 17, at 4 p, m —MOOREHEAD.
AIChE: Get membership cards from Deiths, Harris, Massey, Granger, and Jacobi by Saturday, October 16. -JACOBI.
Cadet Officer’s Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting at 11 30 a m , Saturday October 16, in the armory —LEVIN
Wesley Foundation: Annual men’s bean supper will be held Saturday evening, October 16, at 6:46 p. m. in the church for 16 cents All Methodist men are invited —McFADDEN
Public Service Engineers: The senior inspection trip for Public Seivice Engineers will be held in Chicago and vicinity, from November 1-4 inclusive The proposed east-
EE Students: All EE picnic Saturday, October 16. Meet in front of EE building at 1 o’clock —FIELD
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershofl, 606 Main streetCALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail Phone 7828 Lafayette Printing Co CALL 7828 and order a case of 320— economy toilet roll $4 50 FOR SALE—1935 Studebaker coupe Commandei Low mileage In A-1 condition Phone 36154
QUESTION ’—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 18^x13% only $3 60 per case Phone 7828 Lafayette Printing Co
Scriveners Meeting Sunday, October 16 at 7 45 p m at 808 Rose Stret Bung manuscripts both for group and for iiosBible publication in next issue —JUSTIN
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report Monday, October 17, at 4 p m to either Hart or Rice in the Engineer Office. Adams. Botsford, Worthington. Newman, Johnson, and Day —RICE
Thought It Good Busing Give You More for Your Money
/
It costs Crown more to clean your clothes, because they use the Monite moth proofing process. But it has proved a good investment —more people depend on Crown cleaning now than ever before. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE.
FINE CLEANERS OF OFFICE AT TOP 0
FINE CLOTHES F THE HILL
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexheimer-Carion Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sifting. Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time, A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
Saturday, October 15
8 00—Sokolowski, A. W 8.05—^Spehn, G G 8; 10—Stephan, P G 8 15—Swan, F. T 8 20—Swan, C. T 8 25—Thiry, W. C 8 30—Thompson, G C 8‘35—^Timmerman, P C 8 40—^Van Meter, M E. 8.45—West, W C. 8 50—Wilcox, M B 8 55—Wilder, E D 9 00—Stevens, W P 9:05—Stephen, L. H. 9:10—^Warner, C. 9 1 5—Wicoff, D C 9 20—^Wiggins, J M 9 25—Wisneoki, J E 9 30—Withers, B 9 35—Zettel, J H 9 40—Zimmer, R C 9 45—Zlogar, W A 9 50—Zoeller, f V 9 55—Miller, Mary Helen
10 00—^Taylor,] E 10-05-Troyer, W. R ,^10-10—Tsang, J M 10:15—Verner, R A 10-20—Waid, D C. 10:25—Wakefield, M. C 10-30—Wallace, J. T. 10:35—Weil, A. E. 10:40—Wells, D K 10.45—Willis, J.M 10.50—Willis, J H ^TQ-55—Zweig, H ^ I P’OCk—Wehrung, R B. 11 05—Whitney, L. L, II 10—Wickersham, M. E. 11 :15—Williams, D. A. 11 20—Williams, R. H. 1 1 25—Williamson, J. H 1 1 -30—Wilson, H G I 1 35—Wing, H II 40—Witwer, B D 1 1 45—Woody, H N 1 1 50—Wozniak, T C. 1 1 55—Wright, C. F
... the canH-be-copied blend of Chesterfield^s mild ripe home-grown and Turkish tobaccos No other cigarette blends tobaccos the Chesterfield way— the way that gives millions more smoking pleasure. The sun never sets on Chesterfield’s popularity. Wherever you go, you hear smokers say Chesterfields are milder,.. I like the way they taste,” There’s a mighty good reason why you’ll like Chesterfields better than any cigarette you ever tried. It’s because of what they always give you,,,alotmore smoking pleasure.
blend that can't be copied .,jheK\GHl COMBINATION world's best cigarette tobaccos
Cppyngbt 1938> Liggeit & Mvm Tobacco Oa.