.v-V"'I -'.v-?' _'■ '■' ' / ^ '. ■■:’•:' t ' ^ > V ^ - ■ ■ ' '.
: A
iflti
i V ,, ^ .,-
^ MERRY^GO ROUND
Tells Of Stlmsoh's
i i ^ «# 4
I
4
‘ t
Changes Of Mind
Volume 56, No. 17
Established 1889
Everyone is at home
Purdue Universify, West X.afayeHe, Indiana
EDIT TELU Of Coeds Taking Nurses Aid Training f ■fjy Saturday, June 5, I^NB
Proxy Elliott Welcomes Two Hundred Freshmen
Coeds Drag Draftees To AWS Dance Tonight Affair Informal, Door Prizes,,. ^ j ^ ^ For Many Lucky Couples^ f^OSB Bompton Entertains
Tonight the coeds and their draftees will gather for review in the North Ballroom of the Union from 8:30 to 11:30 and dance to the music of Maury Mahn and his orchestra at the last coed bid dance before the Army, Navy and Marine men enter the service, July 1. AWS, sponsor of the “Draftees Drag”, announces that the dance will be in the form of the ■
Audience With Her Singing
former Gold Diggers. Admission is $1.35 with an identification card given with the purchase of each ticket. These cards will be used as passouts during the dance. Sport shirts and cotton dresses will be socially correct for the informal dance. Award Door Prizes Door prizes will be awarded to the lucky ticket holders and judges circulating in the crowd will award merits for the outstanding dancers of the evening. The best revie-yvs of jitterbugging will be awarded ^tickets to the USO and winners in smooth dancing will receive prizes, the type of which will be learned tonight. The backdrop features the Army and Navy Emblems. Jane Gaunt will be soloist with Maury Mahn. Corsages for the coed’s guests will be sold during the evening. Financial Aid To AWS The bid dance is sponsored to bring financial aid for the orientation of freshman women in the fall. New gh’ls are sent informative literature about the customs and layout of the University befoi’e they arrive and a counciling system of upperclass women is provided for them. “Draftees Drag’’ will also help finan<ie other AWS activities such as the vocational guidance program held last fall, the marital lectures for uppeixlassmen and the informal talks given by members of the faculty from time to time. Stewart Will Speak At Butler Exercises Controller R. B. Stewart of the University will deliver the commencement address at Butler Univei'Sity’s annual commencement exercises next Monday, June 7. His subject will be “The Heritage Of Education”. Stewart hfis spent a great amount of time in Washington conferring with congressional committees in regard to appropriations for the army college training program. He estimates that it will take approximately 200 million dollars to carry out this program. During the past few months Controller Stewart has traveled over the entire United States working out plans for college training of soldiers.
Playshop Will Hold Callouts Tuesday Afternoon, 4 To 7 University Playshop will hold a call-out at Fowler Hall next Tuesday afternoon, 4 to 7 p. m., for their presentation, “The Man Who Came to Dinner”. According to a Playshop representative, there are many parts available, both male and female, and anyone possessing interest or ability is urged to attend. If unable to attend the call-out, interested persons should call Fowler Hall, 4269, between 1 and 5 p. m. any week-day afterjioon. “The Man Who Came to Dinner”, a popular satire by Kaufman and Hart, will be presented on July 22, 23, 24. Dean Reed Speaks To Indiana 4-H'ers Dean Harry J. Reed of the school of Agriculture spoke at DePauw last Wednesday before 300 junior 4-H leaders. Dean Reed said that the Nation is looking at a critical food shortage squarely in the face. The 4-H membei's are attending the annual training school sponsored by the State Kiwanis clubs and the University. Several members o£ tire 4-H club staff and G. W. Stwnplp of the publicity office provided the instructions for the school which formally has been held at the Indiana State Fair Grounds.
By Ann Muller ^ Bjefore a crowd of approximately 1,200, Rose Bampton, distinguished dramatic soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Company, sang a program of light-classical numbers last night in
the Music Hall.
Miss Bampton’s charming voice held the complete attention and interest of the music lovers present and at both intermission and at the close of the ■' program she was called back for several encores. A surprisingly small number of faculty members, townspeople, and students attended Miss Bampton’s outstanding performance, considering her great fame over the country for her Metropoli-
tan accomplishments.
Tells Story of “Bleuet” »i“Bleuet”, by Poulenc, was one of the artist’s favorite numbers, and in its lyric told of a Fr'ench youth fighting in the war. This youth, according to Miss Bampton, was witnessing death on the battlefield about him, yet he who was ready to give up life, did not know its true meaning. “Fantoches”, a happy, gay song by Debussy, was another of her favorites which she executed with remarkable ability. On the whole the program, although very pretty, was not familiar enough to the audience to be
ROSE BAMPTON She wore tomato red.
ing an auditorium exercise, asked her to sing in the high school’s Christmas pagehnt. This was the
fully appreciated. “Hey didle did- beginning of her relatively short die,” from “Nursery Rhymes”, by climb to the top'of the opera world. Herbert Hughes, was more “down Qn graduation from high school to earth” than the major part of the ghe entered Curtis Institute of program. Music in Philadelphia; from there “Drink to Me Only With Thine went straight to the Metropolitan Eyes” and “No John No”, two of her and has been with the company for encores, aie more of the type of ten years, song that we would like to have Visits Army Camps heard during the program. “We’ve had a busier season and We Go Backstage ’ larger audiences since the war beBackstage, Miss Bampton assert- gan than before,” I’eplied Miss ed “I’m a pure American,” when Bampton to the queiy of how the questioned about her background, war was affecting her career. On “My mother wa's born here and my every national tour since the war father in England.” broke out, she has made it a point She was born in Ohio and trained to visit as many aimy camps as in this country. Her high school possible on her compact schedule, principal, on hearing her voice dur- “The boys are wonderful. They
redlly seem to enjoy my singing, and I can’t tell you how much pleasure I receive from entertaining them,” said the singer. Began Tour In New York On this present tour. Miss Bampton started May 12 from New York, going first to Canada, then to the West Coast. The artist said that she was really happy to see the Indiana sunshine after experiencing the disagreeable California dew. From here she will go to Buenos Aires, on a good will tour. “I’ve had many thrilling and interesting experiences in my career, but my most thrilling was the opportunity I had to be accompanied by Toscanini. I hope someday to have a return appearance with him,” Miss Bampton ventured, “for ,this, the height of my career. I hppe to achieve it again.” Amazed At Music Hall Miss Bampton ;iid not i believe that the Music Hall was approximately the same size as the Radio City Music Hall until she actually stood upon its stage. She told the reporter that in only one place in all her singing had she encountered any better acoustics as those of the University’s Music Hall. These were in the outdoor ampitheater at Los Angeles. The gown worn by the artist was of whitfe jersey, with a* flowing train of tomato-red. Newspaper and publicity men who have described Miss Bampton’s beauty have certainly not been exaggei'ating. Aside from her role in opera, she enjoys listingito popular music. Repertoire Large Her operatic repertoire includes some of the most famous roles— Alda, Don Giovanni, Norma, Andrea Chenier, Otello, Trovatore, La Forza del Destine, Die Walkuei'e, and others. Besides Toscanini, other of her concert activities, include engagements with Stokowski and the (See BAMPTON, page 4)
Basic Courses To Run At Streamlined Rat^ Two hundred freshmen will receive their first introduction to the University this morning at a convocation to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 when President E. C. Elliott will welcome those registering for the second wartime intrasession. Instigated for the purpose of enabling high school graduates to obtain basic college training as soon as they fhush their secondary school career, the
Convocation Falls Short On Set Goal For War Stamps
intrases^ion will give the basic freshman courses at a streamlined rate in order that the students will be able to carry on with the class which began tbsir
studies in May.
Of the 200 entering today, approximately 97 per cent will be
Approximately 1200 students and from various parts of the countownspeople bought $607.25 in .war since the intrassession does not stamps for the convocation and mix- exclude high school graduates from er featuring Stan Kenton and his state. Entering today will be band in the Music Hall last Friday students who have recently gradunight. This is approximately $1900 ®ted from high school and whou^ere less than the goal set by Will Hill- able to start the semester April er, studept Union president. 26. ’ In a statement made yesterday, ^ke welcoming convocation toHiller said that it was hoped that ‘^^y* President Elliott, Prof. F. C. the goal would be realized by the Hockema, assistant to the Rresiend of the present semester. dent, Dean of Men, F. 1. Goldsnu^, Townspeople’ did not attend in as Dean of Women Clare Coolidge great numbers as was expected and ^ive introductory statements that accounted for a’ smaller sale to the students and will explain the than was realized, the total war orientation process, stamps sold in Lafayette amount- Orientation Tests Given ing to approximately $18. Regular orientation tests will A war stamp booth is kept open then be given including psychology, continuously in the Union by mem- mathematics, English composition bers of the student senate so that and grammar examinations, an opportunity is given for students Monday, the freshmen will take to purchase stamps at their own physical examinations and complete
their registration.
convenvience. W'ar Stamps Help You Save In setting the goal before the convocation Hiller hoped that this special drive would prove a stimulus to further stamp buying. “It must be realized,” he said, “that war stamps are a means of saving
money.”
At the begirfning of the drive sales began slowly with only $8.80 being sold in the first five days. As the day of the convocation drew nearer, sales rose proportionately until the $600 worth had been sold. Dances Aid In Drives A number of other stamp drives furthered by convocations and dances have been held on the campus. Name bands of Tommy Dorsey, Alvino Rey and Dick Jergens have been among those donating their services for the purpose of selling war bonds and stamps.
Athletic Carnival To Feature Unusual Program
Chief Glevett has finally completed all the plans for the gigantic Athletic Carnival to be held next Tuesday m the Ross Ade Stadium at 7:30 p. m. There are approximately five bundled people taking part in all of the various events of the show with the Navy and the P.E. 12 accounting for most of the performeis. Along with the pre-
r* I • dominance of eds there will also be Former StUaQFlt UiGS university’s choice coeds taking pait in one of the main
events of the carnival.
The main program will start with a formal drill by the Navy. 'Phe sailors will march out on the field in column and will come to the position of present arms while the Star Spangled banner is being played and the navy color guard is carrying ‘Old Glory’ to front of the reviewing stand. After the flag is in place the navy men will go through a series of drills, the first series being calisthenics, the second consisiting of a regulation butts manual with the Springfield rifle, and the third of a small sample of semaphore signalling. Following this series of drills two hundred navy men will demonstrate what one of their actual physical education periods or classes is like, including warm ups and group games and relays. At the end of the class period one hundred of the navy men will take on one hundred of the eds from the various P.E. 12 classes in a fast, rough and tumble game of cage
ball.
In London Hospital Capt. W. R. Baker, ME ’32 died recently in a London hospital following a prolonged illness from pneumonia, according to word received by his parents, Mr. and Mi’s. Russell Baker of Anderson. Baker was called to active duty as a reserve officer in October 1941, and has been attached to the army procurement office in England for the last ten months. Capt. Baker was active in student affairs when in the University serving on the Pan-Hellenic Council and was a member of Scabbard and Blade. Today’s Boner as found in a student’s paper by the Oommittee on Standards in English: 1 “One should have a special box for meats, one for frozen foods, one for fresh vegetables and fruit's, one for dairy pr'iducts, and one for the pas-
try cook.”
That’s treating her rather brutal,
isnt’ it?
Various members of the gymnastic team are going through their paces for next Tuesday’s Athletic Carnival. In the two pictures John Orndoff on the^round and Fred Speyer in the air are demonstrating a pitch and a hand-to-hand. In the third picture in action on the parallel bafrs (from left to right) are Bill Billins, John Orndoff, Fred Speyer, Bill Short and Don Haase. /
Immediately following the cage l)all game a select group of eds and
some thirty coeds will put on an exhibition of one of those good old fashioned barn dam/es, to bo followed in turn by a showing of all of the action of a typical P.E. 12 class. The class for the demonstration will start out just as all regular classes do with a short warm up period after which the four hundred men who partake in the event will break up into small groups and go through one of the varied PE activities. The field will take on the aspect of a ten ring circus at this point with some
men boxing, others wrestling, some doing an elephant vault, a few groups playing games, and still,, others running the obstacle course that has been set up just inside of the cinder track. The next event on the program features a group of thirty men from the flight instructors school here on campus. These men will give a practical demonstration of methods of hand to hand fighting that is used in killing Japs ^nd similar insects.
While all of this is going on thei’e will be countless numbers of side attractions in the field such as the gymnastic exhibitions, tumbling, and activity by the men on the parallel and horizontal bars in addition to six boxing bouts and four wrestling matches. The boxing is done by navy men while the wrestling bouts are put on by men of the University’s varsity wrestling team. Next in line will be numerous events on the cinder track super-
vised by Coach Homer Allen. These races consist of a 440 yard run which will open to all persons in the University with the ejcception of varsity track men. There will also be a race by five four man relay teams one from the Navy, one from the Army, the third from Navy Flight instructors school, the fourth from the fraternities on campus and the last from the P.E. 12 classes. Following this comes one of the main attractions of the evening, the all campus coed walking race. There are ten teams, seven sororities, WRH, Curtiss-Wright Cadettes and RCA Cadettes entered'in this race which will be scored in the same fashion as a regular cross country
race.
After the coeds are all worn out thei’e will be a one mile all campus bike race for which all comers are eligible. While all of these various contest are going on the outside track, the fraternities will be busily engaged in the unusual races of the Silver Derby. There are eleven different events in the Silver Derby with three or four fraternities participating in each one. For the benefit of those who come early there will be a softball game at 7 p. m. between the Navy team and a campus fraternity team. There will also be badminton and volley ball games going on in addition to archery and table tennis. The whole program will last about one and a half hours and is open to everyone.
Metz Receives DFC For Action In Pacific Capt. Cecil C. Metz, ’40 M.E., wiio returned to the continent just recently from action with the Army Air Force in New Guinea, has heen visiting friends here in ^Lafayette before he returns to his home in Bainbridge, Ind. Capt. Metz, who enlisted in the Army, Oct. 1940, has been serving in the South Pacific area for over a year and was recently awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross when his B-17 bomber, on which he_ fs a navigator, skip-bombed and sank a Jap cruiser. He has also been awarded a sili^ star for over 200 combat hours and has completed 77 missions in fighting from Port Moresby, New Caledonia, and New Guinea. Emrick Announces Vacancies In Band Professor P. S. Emrick, Director of Purdue Militar-y and Symphopic Bands has announced that there are a number of vacancies in all actions of the Symphonic Band. All freshmen who play band instruments are eligible for membership in this organization, and are urged to come in to arrange for tryouts any week day at four p. m. in the Band Headquarters Office at the rear of the Hall of Music. The Purdue Band is famous throughout the country for its excellent renditions of marches a|Ld classical music. Newspapers hhd sports announcers have proclaimed it the “All-American” Band becahse of its excellent formations on the gridiron. Eta Kappa ... honorary Electrical Engineering fraternity announces the initiation of Russel A. Seller, personnel director for Bell Telephone Co. of New Yoi’k. Exponent Coeds Don’t forget to come down Monday at 4 p. m. for the Cdid
Edition. Lauer.
Intrasession Erosli All interested in going InmyA Fraternity Rush sign up in office, room 360 of Union, on Juhm 7, 8, and 9, from 4 to 3:30 p. M.kV n
«T ^ ■fi
Purdue Exponent
' ■ ’ '• "Call's Saturttay, Juni-k^^
PuMue Exponent
(Mfkes 'idi^t'ial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 'Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Cdkhrial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Benbrakr Editor Benorary Editor 4 Bonorary Business Manager With the Colors
William G Hoskins Dale E Butz Gerhard H Klouman
BJfter Business Manager News Editor Menacing Editor Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor
Robert W Boswinkle James G Petty Sally Beall Donald E Brewer A Jane Kcim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauei
^ Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors H B Abbett C C Martindell E F Mui pby W IT Tison W L Vermilion C J Wilbur Coed Staff Ruth Ford Madelvn Grotnes Katherine Howes Sports Staff R M Lipes R J Smith C L Sowards
Business Staff
C L Gaunt
Assistant Advertising Manager Layout JJirector J 6 Tabb
Circulation Manager R C Sauerman
Accounts Manager Mary Dilts
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squicr
Staff for This Issue
Night Editor Tison or Murph Sports Editor Son ards Reporters Brill Hummel Hitchcocl
Day Editor Grotnes Issue Editor Andre Ward
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lalay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1379 ana at the special rate of postage provided for in scctiqr 1193 act of October 3 191 authorized Jan lary 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thuisdav and Saturday mornings dur ng the year except ccrtaii \«ict on periods Delivered locally by carrier for $1 2o for a semester by mail for tl 60 for a semester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponen office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for nat onal advertising by National Advcrtis Ing ^rvice Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Avc New York N Y
Florence NigbtengaleS' 1943 Style
Caph Charles Hii'chcock
formei btudent of the Univeisity m Physical Education, has retmned to the United States attei appioximately 15 months seivice with the At my Au Coips in Aubtialia He was decoiatcd lout times lot
vRloi and gallantly m action
Lieut. T. C. Mullins, |r.
foimei student ol the Univositj has been tommissjpned in the United States Aimy An Coips leeently following a basic and advanced flying coiiise in which he was the holdei of the highest cadet lank
Capt. Paul W. Reed
( ivil I nginceiing giaduate of the Univcisity m 1937 lias beni advanced fiom the tank of I list Lieu tenant in the held aitilleiy leccntlj ttc is now in chaige of a battalion of maneuVe s in Icniitsscc
Lt. John R. Day
toimci Univcisity student has icpoited to Will llogtib bicld, Okla foi tiaining as a bombaidici He retpived his tommission Apul 19 attci completing a toujse at Yalt Univeisity He was a membci of Sigrna Chi, social fiateimtj and Alpha Phi Omega,
national bervict honoiaiy.
qiie VUSHMSTOH
GRIN AND REAR IT
By\.icitly
r - im u b un MHiRY-iiQ-ROUND • y a'ilEW^ PEAftSOH
jealousy Causes Chinese Ambassador To Wait; Secretary Stimson Changes Twice On Draft Bill
Thu ty-two modem “Angels of Meicy” started then woik this week at the St Elizabeth and Home Hospitals Not trained m nuismg—nor skilled in the duties to be peifoimed . the only qualifications that most of these guls have aie willing hearts and hands Under the title of Junior Nurses Aides these girls spend three hours a week at a Lafayette hospital, doing duties that relieve the legulai nurses foi more pressing work Sponsored by the PIA, this gioup is composed of both independent and organized coeds To most of them this first week of woik was a revelation and an exhausting experience Three or four were assigned to each hospital on each day, usually between the houis of 4 to 7 p m so that they could help with the supper routine They carried dinnei tiays to and from the rooms, and even fed some of the patients; they changed beds and sterilized and cleaned looms to get them leady foi new inhabitants, they did dishes, and they even scrubbed floois Not difficult tasks, they take a gieat deal of time and eneigy and when pei formed by the Junior Nuises Aides they don’t subtract from the time and eneigy of an aheady overworked nurse There’s no glory in this type of woik it’s humdrum and tiring The only mateiial leward that these coeds will receive will be a certificate from the PIA, to be awaided at the end of the semester These girls will receive little praise, but they will have the satisfaction of knowing that they are performing a real service to both the Lafayette hospitals and to waitime America To each coed reading these woids, we say Ask yourself, “Am I doing all that I can to help in my weekly schedule is thei e not one day in which I could set aside thiee hours foi Junior Nurses Aide woik7” It’s nevei too late to stait, and PIA would like to see the group grow laiger They can use all the guls that sign up Will your name be on the list ’—m 11
WASHINGTON—No longei a seciel inside the Diplomatic Corps is the jealousy between Madame Chiang Kai shek ind hei biothei, T V Soong, the Uoicign Mmistei of China While they weie m Wash ington they did not speak, and it is doubtful if they exchanged moie than a few woids all dm mg Madame Chiang’s visit in the Eastern USA On one occasion when Madame Chiang was in Washington, the unhappy Chinese Ambassador had to remain at his home hoping foi a call from Madame Chiang, theiefoie was late getting to dmnei at Ma dame Chiang’s biother s Arriving at the Soong house, the Ambassador was kept waiting in the diaw mg loom for a full hour and a half until all the guests had finished dmnei Only then was he peimittcd to
gleet them
Reason foi the jealousy between Madame Chiang and other membeis of her family is the fact that she is the ‘kid’ sistei And suddenly thiough hei mar riage to Chiang Kai shek she has taken all the lime light Oidmaiily in China, her brother would be the head of the family And her older sistei, Madame Kung would play a much more dominant lole But now the younger sister has eased both of them out oi their traditional place In China, T V Soong had built up an important position foi himself and, his critics said, was planning to ease the Generalissimo out of his place as head ol China He even had his own trained guaids However, while he was out of the country conferring with the international bankers, Chiang Kai shek took orei Soong s guards, transfeired them into the army, and Biother f V came back to hnd himself shorn of powei Now Soong remains more or less peimanently in this countiy Howevei, the Gencialissimo likes 1 V and they get along fai better than 1 V gets along with his own sistei ,
Jli^t Looking Aroiiiil
By Jack Abbett
John L Lewis, by his latest defiance of the President’s request that the soft coal mmeis return to work, has not only jeopardized the gams of labor but he has also made it practically certain that Congress will pass the Conley Anti-Strike Bilk But some states have decided that the strike has gone far enough and that the best thing to do is to reclassify all the miners that are participating
“Those young things think wai is all dancing with handsome seivice men—what do they know of bandage i oiling, sandwich making, dishwashing, the soidid side of war7”
refused its suppoit to the Piesident, he and his whole party would be sure of losing the next election
—X X—
The United Nations’ armed forces have finally begun to move en masse toward, the respective capitols of Rome Berlin, and Tokio The Chr nese troops have put an end to the Jap advance that threatened Chun king and have started on an ad vanee of their own General MacArthur and his bombers are blast ing the hell out of the Jap bases m New Guinea and New Biitain and the land foices under Mac Arthur
University Calendar
Saturday, June 5
7 00 A M Oiicntation Tests 2 00 P M PI A. Te r Dance 8 30 P M AWS Dance
rii/r Fowler Hill South B illroom Union North Ballroom Union
Double-Shift Stimson Secictaiy of Wai Hemy Stimson s backing and fill mg on the Kilday bill which would give fatheis de feiment piioiity over single men and maiiied men without childien has left the young author of the legislation Repiesentative Paul Kilday of l^xas, slightly bewildeied All m all, the Societaly ot War took three diffeient positions When the bill was befoie the House Mihtaiy com mittec Stimson condemned it as unwoikable Latei, in a letter to the House Rules committee, he took Po sition No 2 He aveiied that the Wai Department would have no obiection to the measure if the Mihtaiy committee inter pi eted it piopeiiy Specifically, Stimson took exception to a Mihtaiy committee report construing the bill to mean that ALL single men and men without cluldien should be ‘ inducted pnoi to tathei s He pointed out that be cause of shifts in population and othoi factors no Selective Service directoi could be sure that eveiy single man in a Slate had been called up, which might bai the iiulucliiig of falhcis needed in the seivicc If the phrase called for ii ductioi (with itspccl to single men and husbinds without childicn) weic substituted Stimson s ud this would not piccliulc the induction ol fiUicis and the legislation would be sat islactoiy ihc House Militiiy committee piomptly made the desiicd change in r supplement il icpoit stating Iheiefoic it will be seen that the commit tee IS in agieement with the Wri Dcpiitmcnt is to the piopei construction ol the bill However Kilday and the committee wcic dut foi a Hide awakening about six weeks later when the Sen ate Military Affairs committee voted to shelve the father defeiment bill It developed that the adverse vote was inspired chiefly by a letter from Secretary Stimson This was the thud different position he had taken This tunc he stated that the bill couldn t be administered ‘without seriously reducing the ordeily flow of men into the \rmy in the propei numbers and with the appiopnate qualifications ‘I can undeistand a min reversing himself once, but not twice, gioans Kilday Less Hogs, More Cows 1 ew people leahrc the extent of the Washington control ovei the pioduction and consumption of the nation s food supplies By dispensing benefit p lyments oi by withholding them by establishing puce floors and puce ceilings, by rationing some loods and not lationmg others by removing some foods from civilian maikets entiiely, the Government sits like an engineer befoie an in btiument panel A twist of this valve will bring up the pioduction of poik, and a tuin of another will alter the eating habits of the entne nation The twists about to be made ai e in favoi of higher pioduction of diiiy pioducts and lowei pioduction of hogs Hog numbeis have been increased gieatly, but the animals aie eating us out of giain Washington experts therefore have made a study ol what they call the ‘ nutritive contubution” of dif feient types of livestock pioducts consideung the expense of feed land and laboi involved Here are the conclusions 1 Hogs will ictuin nioie caloiies pei unit of live stock feed than any other type of livestock Whole milk from dany cows is next in value 2 But daily pioducts return more protein than hogs do or than any other livestock pioduct And protein is a moic cutical item in the diet than cal ones ’ 3 In teims of laboi cost daily pioducts are the most efficient eggs aic second while cattle and hogs tie foi thud pi ice 4 In teims of land cost daily pioducts yield moic pioteins per acie than any othei animal pioduct 1 he final conclusion is that ‘ oui best utilisation of labor feed and land would require fuithei emphasis upon daily production and on complete utilization of daily pioducts” Ihis means that the people sitting it the conliol panel m Washington aic closing the thiottk maiked poik closing anothci thiottlc maiked ‘fat cattle and opening the throttle maiked ‘ milk Both faimcis and consumiis may soon expect dircc tivcs fiom Washington to put these findings into effect (Copyiight, 1913 bj United Peatuie Sjndicalc Inc)
Placement' Notes For Women
'lire Central Institute for the Deaf 818 South Kmgshighway Saint Louis Missouri which is if filiated with Washington Univer sity announces a numbei of tuition scholarships foi students who have completed two yeais of undeigrad uate woik and giaduate scholar ships for those working towards Master s Degree The courses con sist of tinning in the field of speech collection and education of the de if uid the haid of healing and leads to (Itgiccs fiom Washington Uni vcibity Any one mteicsted should call PI iccmenL Seivice foi Women (2915) foi fuithei information Miss Hulda Ungeiicht Homi SciVicc Diicctoi of the Ohio fuel Gas Company Columbus Ohio has wiiUon conceiiiing openings on hei staff foi Home Seivice assistants These positions will he m Coliimhus and olhci Oho cities wheie theie aie blanches of the company The woil involves demon,jti itions ind talks conducting cooking schools mal ing cills m homes supplying recipes etc If you arc at all mtei ested will you write Miss Ungeiicht at once and let me know you aie ap plying to her If you do not apply I shall appreciate a note from you also
■mm tt mm MAIN
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Lust-y and Colorful Adventure of America s Last Frontier The Great Northwest’
WILD GEESE CALLING — with — HENRY FONDA JOAN BENNETT WARREN WILLIAM
— PLUS — That Wisecracking Detective Michael Shayne in a Triple Murder Mystery' DRESSED TO KILL — with — LLOYD NOLAN MARY BETH HUGHES
— COMINGGARY COOPER
LUMA
Starting Tomorrow
PLUS—SECOND HIT
/}///
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
GEORGE MONTGOMERY MAlfREEN O’HARA-^
junii lEi rnlEHEN ■ft&m Ilf PilNT
— and •
EXTRA! RFFICIAl WAR DEPT. FM WKSy&zimmKom
On Land On Sea in the All in North Africa I
Produced by U S Army Signal Corps Released by Off ce of War Information
Oistribujed by Wa ner Bros P cturea Inc unde SUSP ces of the War Activities Comm ttec of tl e Motion P cture Industry
— ALSO —. "MARCH OF TIME" 'THE NEW CANADA'
LAST TIMES TODAY
' WHERE TRAILS END" "TURN DIFFERENT EYES" VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN PATHE NEWS
WALTER BRENNAN
. DameffayWHITTY EugeiiePAUEnE WanlUOWBIWlY M STARTING ,
LAST TIMES TODAY
TOMORROW
lAMI/KIU
..INKiBIXe-DAM ANDREWS JAMES GLEASON . DAME MAY WHITTY
NOW 20^
ciNiunt ro\
PLAYING
MARS
m the strike Lewis is staking perfect fghtmg trim ^Tue ,, ,, Kussians, although they aien’t tallta lot on the outcome but he ^ ,, ,
ed about much, are steadily gdvgnCevcntually hopes to get labor
so hiad at President Roosevelt south-central Russia, and it that they will refuse to support might be just a matter of months him m the next election If labor before the Germans have to evacu-
ate from the Crimea The British Navy IS also busily at work sinking Axis shipping m the Mediterianean 111 a possible waiming up exercise foi the invasion of south Europe Ameiican and Biitish buds of death are also increasing the production of eggs laid in Europe All in all, it looks like the United Natiorls aie about ready for a good strong (See lUST LOOKING, Page 4)
mmc!s 'Tt ' r ' I94S
Boiieiwaiier Sp6rts
\',
jdHN L dN AMEktdAH athletics" AHb wAk
BOILERMAKERS PLAY DbUELEHEAdER TdOA^ FiRst oA^e at i
R g ‘ III 1"^ '1 11 aiM* ij iveters rlay rinal noine Daseball Cjames loday
Major Griffith Boosts Intramural Standings Get Our American Athletics ChufflArl Ac S^nn Pmitc Rain Editor’s Note: This article consists of a letter from John L. Griffith, I B BJ fl fl B B B Bi v B^LCB B B B
Meet Peru Naval Bali
In Doubleheader At 2 PM
Irv Claseman Will Take Mound Iti firi^
Commissioner of Big Ten sports, to the sports editors of mid-western
newspapers.
k
, Since the war started many columns have been written on the question of whether or not athletic sports have significant values in connection with tlje war effort. While many of our own officers who fought in World War No. 1, following that war expressed the thought that l^he athletic training that most of the American boys had had was of value to them when it came to fighting the Germans in study was to the effect that the
Lead in the intramural softball tournament has changed hands again both in the Intferfraternity group and also among the Wards. Many of the games that were postponed during the rainy spell are being played off and this has caused a general shuffling of the standings. ^ Five teams are still on the undefeated list in the fraternity group and five undeefated squads are also among the Ward leaders. Included in the group from the fraternities are two of the Army dteams, name-
France, yet perhaps the best ‘superior’ leaderway to judge our offense is, as f'luired by the Eng- . .. ,1 11 , 1 , . lish and American youths in sports in football, by looking at it
and their ‘superior’ physical condifrom thq standpoint of the tion.
defense. Many of the men on the other side (in other words our enemies) have in different ways cxpressecl the thought that one reason why our men have fought so well in th,e pther war was partly because of the tiaining that they had had from our national sports.
Quote—“The Breeze
“With German thoroughness, a campaign of physical culture and mass athletics was started among the German male and female youth. “You will note that, with characteristic German disdain, they made no mention of their other antagonists in lA^'orld War I, such as the
Last* Time Today
French, Russians, Italians, and Jap-
With, this in mind the following ^^nese. They simply did not count.” item taken from the Fort Barrancas We Teach Japs Swimming Post’s paper called “The Breeze”, is ^he Japanese in the Olympic
Games at Antwerp in 1920 did very
interesting. Colonel L. B. Magraud-
You can get your last glimpse of Boilermaker baseball for the season and possibly for the duration this afternoon Doan’s hustlers will try to chalk up their fourth and fifth straight wins against the Peru Naval Air Station (just recently renamed the Bunker Hill Naval Air Station) in a doubleheader starting at 2. The all-important Ohio State series still
er is quoted in this article as hav- poQ^,|y swimming events but\Vemaihs on the Riveter schedule, but those games will be played next Sating written Colonel Franklin Kem- years later after they had urday at Cleveland at the home park of the Cleveland Indians.
ble, commanding officer at Fort Barrancas, explaining why the Nazi army and navy adopted an Ameri-can-style sports tiaining program,
as follows: ,
“You will recall that Wellington said Waterloo was won upon the playing ficlijs of Eton. A Geiman general staff officer told me in 1922
upon the Rhine that.
World War I, they had a compiittck; study why, in 1914-1918, their best troops were so often defeated in fair combat by the less efficient English and American troops. Their report made after two years of
been coached by American swimmers and had studied American technic they won all of the swimming events in the games at Los
Angeles.
Claseman To Hurl Opener
Peru is expected to put up a little stronger fight that the Freeman Field team did last Saturday .. still this is only a gr^ess, since once again a mystery team makes its appearance here. Appar’ently, the Peru
Germany, before World War I, team has just started its season, so obviously has no record to display as was in a large sense a nation of ygt. i^v Clasemah, after being out of action for a couple of weeks, will gymnasts and athletic sports were take the mound in the opener.. . when Irv is on, he is unbeatable. Lets
following Pi'actically non existent. Alvin
Kroenzlein was the first American
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
invited to coach a German Olympic team. Following the war, as indicated in the article pbove, the Germans abandoned to a large extent their formal calisthenics and established the Berliner Hochschule fur
Leibesub’'ngen in Berlin. This was shake a fist at,
a coaching school from which the graduates were sent to the towns
(See GRIFFITH Page 4)
hope that this is one of Iiw’s days.
Big Ed Gets Nod
Ed Misselhorn will probably get the nod to hurl the second game big Ed pitched a neat shutout last Saturday to follow up his brilliant relief job against Wisconsin the week pievious. The starting lineup will remain the same as before with more .300 hitters in there than you can
Athletic Carnival Tuesday
IWWir***
SUMMER DANCING CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S BALLROOM Fridaif, June 11, 7:00 P. M. Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ADVANCED BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 8:00 P. M. Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JUNE 12
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Don’t forget the big Athletic Carnival Tuesday night at 7:30 up in the Stadium there will be no admission charge. If you know Clevett doings at all, you’ll go because when the Chief starts something he doesn’t leave out a thing. Anyone taking P.E. 12 will vouch for this. There will be everything from boxing and wiestling down to all types of races, gym-
nastics and what have you.
Lambda Chi Alpha 4 Phi Delta Theta 4 Army “A” 4 Army “B” 4 Phi Kappa Tau 4 Delta Upsilon 5 Sigma Alpha Epsilon 4 Pi Kappa Phi 3 Sigma Chi 3 Tau Epsilon Phi 3 Sigma Pi 3 Sigma Phi Epsilon 3 Beta Sigma Psi 3 Army “C” 3 Alpha Tau Omega 2 Kappa Delta Rho 2 Phi Kappa 2 Delta Tau Delta 2 Triangle 2 Alpha Chi Rho 2 Theta Chi 1 Sigma Alpha Mu 1 Sigma Nu 1 Acacia 1 Theta Xi 1 Alpha Sigma Phi 1 Pi Kappa Alpha 1 Beta Theta Pi 1 Kappa Sigma . 0 Phi Gamma Delta 0 Phi Kappa Sigma 0 Phi Kappa Psi 0
Morrison New Yell Leader
Congratulations to the newly elected head yell leader—Dave Morrison. Dave was appointed to take over PeteSchwab’s duties for the comingyear by the Purdue Athletic Council, the presidents of Gimlet and Reamer, and the coaches in a meeting this week. The future of sports here looks mighty uncertain, but you can bet your bottom dollar that Dave and his boys will be whooping it up plenty at the football and basketball games next fall.
Delta Chi Phi Sigma Kappa .. .. Tau Kappa Epsilon . Alpha Kappa Lambda
Ward
Team Ward 4A .. Ward 11
Won Lost ..4 0 3 0
(See INTRAMURAL Page 4)
The
le more wear you get out of your clothes, the more you help Uncle Sam. This applies to wardrobe accessories as well as to suits jand dresses. Have them cleaned regularly. But please phone ea.-ly to assure satisfaction. This is war . . . and it is impossible to render the prompt service for which'we were noted in
peacetime.’
Leave YOUR Memo Blank!
Be sure to jot down: “Beat the Price Risel”
Order Your
NOWI $5.00 Later
On sale at West Desk of Union, Debris Business Office and Salesmen
Sent Anywhere in the tf. S. for ^5c Extra
Tilt; Chas. Wright To Work Behind Plate
ly Army “A” and Army “B”. Houses with unblemished records are Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta and Phi Kappa Tau. Holding down the lead in the wards is Ward A with four straight victories. Pressing close with three wins are Ward 11, Marwood and Ward 5, while Ward 8 has two straight victories to their credit. The standings of the two leagues are as follows: Interfraternity Team Won Lost
This afternon, “Pop” Doan’s Boilermaker baseball squad meets its second “military secret team” of the present season in a doubleheader on the home diamond that will bring down the curtain on home diamond play this season. The team that Doan’s diamondmen tangle with this afternoon is the squad from Bunker Hill, Indiana, which is located just outside the
Kennedy Continues To Lead Batters
With .470 Averaoe
Although his batting average slipped from the .545 mark to 470, Jack Kennedy continues to lead the Riveter regulars in slugging. The other two outfielders, Tom Burger and Paul Friend, forged ahead in the standings by having a good day at the plate against Freeman Field. Burger is now clipping at the ball a .370 rate and Friend has a good,
361 average.
Jim Jennings continues to display power in the extra-base department. He has three doubles to his credit thus far this season. Chuck Wright has a pair of two-base hits and a triple among his collection
of 11 singles.
Friend Has 13 Hits
As far as the numberi of hits thus far this season are concerned. Friend is leading the squad with 13, while Jennings and Wright are close behind with 12 and 11 hits respectively. Bill Burghardt, who is no longer with the team is the leader in the run scoring department, with 11 runs. Friend and Irmscher have each tallied 9 runs this season.
The averages are as follows:
Player A'B H Ave.
I. Claseman 2 Kennedy 17 Burger 27 Friend 36 Wright 33 ' Strain 6 A. Martin 13 Jennings 39 Timm 13 ' Burghardt 24
10 13 11
2 4
12
4 7
■’■Ehlers Hesse ■^R. Claseman Irmscher . ... Misselhorn Lindeberg Jankovic Leftwich .. J. Martin . 'Now in armed forces.
.500 .470 .370 .361 .333 .333 .308 .308 .307 .292 .250 .231 .200 .193 .084 .000 .000 .000 .000
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
^ New under-arm • Cream Deodorant safely 'ww Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses of men’s shuts. Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4> A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to
■ City limits of Peru, Ind. * As far as advance informa-
tion on this squad is concernfed the Boilermaker coach is literally “blacked out”, just as he was concerning the Freeman Field team that met the RivField team that the Riveters met here last Saturday and trimmed in a doubleheader. “Pop” stated that the Bunker Hill squad has been playing games, but a thorongh search of all newspapers has fail^ to bring to light any results of any of their encounters. As for the present Boilermaker record for the season, the squad has won seven games, played ten. Tbe three games lost went to Illinois and Wisconsin, the Illini taking a doubleheader from the Riveters over at Champaign. Starting on the mound for the Gold and Black in the initial tilt will be Irv Claseman. Chuck Wright, made over outfielder, will assume the catching duties,- iThe battery for the second game will depend on the outcome of the first tilt.
IM Schedules
Softball Monday, June 7—6:45 Note; All games scheduled for Tuesday evening, June 8, wUl be postponed, due to the Athletic Carnival. Diamond— 1 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi 2 Delta Upsilon vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 3 Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Nu -IJ 4 Sigma Pi vs Army “C” 5 Pi Kappa Phi vs Theta Chi 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7 Sigma Chi vs Phi Gamma Delta 8 Acacia vs Army “B” 9 Kappa Delta Rho vs Array
“A”
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi Phi Kappa Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi Theta Xi vs Alpha Sigma
Phi
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Delta Theta Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Chi Rho Delta Chi vs Kappa Si^a Triangle vs Phi Kappa Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs,PM Sigma Kappa Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa Alpha Ward 1 vs Ward 9 Ward 2 vs Ward 11 Ward 3 vs Ward 12 Ward 4 vs Ward 13 Ward 4A vs Ward 10 & 14
10
11
12
13
14
15 16 17
18
19 20 21 i 23
Cowden Addresses
Dry Milk Institute
Dr. T. K. Cowden of the Purdue Department of Agricultural Economics was scheduled to address the annual meeting of the Dry Milk; stitute at Fort Wayne Friday afternoon, June 4. The topic of his address is “Where We Are Now and Where We Ar-e Going.” , In his talk Cowden will anhlyzo the current economic situation arid will discuss probable economic velopments which will have a bedring on the business policies of organizations, which make up the Dry Milk Institute.
msmPui^im Exponent
':K:-A:sh ‘:i*l:ihKj.r'
Saturday, June 3, I9f^3
iiiiifaniaiiiirt'' I
May Exist W. C. Fernelius Fortells ^ Universe With Ammonia ' ^ By Dick Brill To most people who have sniffed the pungent and suffocating odor of ammonia, an “Ammonia World” seems utterly Tomorrow evening at 7:30, a fantastic. Imagine a world where all precipitation falls in the form of liquid ammonia and where ammonia is used as a means ^he Lutheran foundation is sponfor quenching one’s thirst! soring the jamboree. Eefreshments However, such a world is thought to be capable of existence will be served. by Dr. W. Conard Fernelius, — Purd';;;i^oundati«n Professor of Chemistry hoi’G 3't Sunday Program the University. THis views in Lafayette Christian Church, presented in the light of his (Continued from.page 1) . 9:30—Student Class, “Prayer is long research in the field of Philadelphia Orchestra, as well as Power’Med by Hubert Eeynolds. In liquid ammonia. appearances with the leading sym- , . j phony orchestras in Chicago, Dot ® f ‘ . n. After comparing and con- Cleveland, San Francisco, ^ trasting the chemical properties of Seattle. Sermon by Eev. Doyle Mullen, “The water and ammonia the possibility ’ Program Problem of Group Conflict”, in seof an “Ammonia World,” Dr. Fer- j ries on the Church and Society, nelius believes, can be better under- jg ’ Torelli At 131 So. Grant Street Spirate pur spirateTZirDonaudy 6:1.5-Pellowship Supper, 15c We Could Not Use It Sweetly She Sleeps 6 ;45--Forum Program including Of course, water could not be re- Stephen Foster placed by ammonia on this planet, The Merry Merry Month of May ° e moining opic e y a poup . , , . , cii. T. w 4. of students. Closes promptly at mainly because our respiratory sys- Stephen Foster j ^ 1- „ 1 a •4.1. 7:30. Come and bring your friends, terns are not adapted to the inhaling (Arr. by Brooks Smith , , 4* 4.- • j, j; .uT' Tj 4. \ Men in uniform welcome, of the suffocating ammonia fumes. for MissBampton) However, ammonia could very eas- II. University Presbyterian Church ily serve on another planet in much Bleuet , Poulenc John W. Findley, Minister the same manner as that in which Dans les mines d’une veille abbaye Student Class, under the direction water serves on this earth. Faure of Dr. G. G. Graves, meets in the Now, let us delve into the com- Fantoches — .Debussy church lounge at 9:30. 111011 properties of the two com- Del callebo mas Sutil ....:,.-Obradors At 10:30 Morning Worship. Serpounds in order to show that an Tumbay le ......Obradors theme, “0n Being Good”. “Ammonia World” is possible. Of Intermission At 5:00 the Sunday Evening Club all the known solvents, water and ■ will meet at the church and go toammonia have the most remarkable Nocture Op, 32, No. 1 Chopin gether to one of the picnic ground:^ similarity. The boiling point of am- Danse Greig for supper and a Vesper Service. monia is comparatively high for a Intermezzo Op. 119, No. 1 ... Bhams ^ r c 77 u substance of such simple composi- Spanish Dance Lecuona West Lafayette Baptist Church tion. As a solvent, it is nearly equal Mr. Schauwecker ^ Joseph B-Gleason, Minister 1 4. • V 9:30 a. m:—Roger Williams to water, and its specific heat is v. , tvt -n higher than that of any other sub- Aria: II est doux, il est bon. from Foundation class. Mr. Gleason will stance except water, “Herodiade’^ Massenet , . yj 10:30 a. m. ^ Morning church Nitrogen Breathers , Music I heard with’you ....Hageman worship service. Communion serIn a world where ammonia was Nursery vice. Communion, service message the most abundant compound, the Herbert Hughes will be delivered by the pastor. inhabitants would be.so constituted MacDowell 5:30 p. m. — Eoger Williams’ as to breathe nitrogen instead of j^^el John Sacco Foundation fellowship hour and oxypn. Plants would thrive on a P .....■■ZZIZ’.'.’Winter Watts supper. nitride of carbon rather than on 0,30 p. m.—Memorial service for carbon, dioxide as they do on this _ students in the service will be conearth. The oceans, lakes, and rivers ducted by Alberta Artman. would be filled with liquid ammonia ' rather than with water. The prop- , (Continued from page 3) Sunday Services Of The Wesley erties of such oceans, lakes, and Marwood -3 0 Foundation rivers would be very different from 5 3 0 9:30 A. M. — Student Church. the properties of the bodies of g _ g. 0 School. water on this earth. Since the solid 12 3 1 This Sunday morning Mr. C. C. ammonia is not lighter than the Dover 3 1 Coulter, Executive Secretary of the liquid, “ammonia ice” would aot 2 1 International Eetail Clerks Union float on the surface of lakes and f 2 2 of the A. F. of L-will speak on “Unrivers. This particular property of 1 1 ionism Today”. Questions from stuammonia would be a blessing to jjochdale 1 2 dents will be invited following the navigators, for they would not need \yai-(f 2 c.... :.. 1 2 general presentation. to fear collision with an iceberg or y q g 10:40 — Morning Worship At be delayed by ice jams on navigable q 3 First Methodist Church. rivers and lakes. Circle Pines 0 ^ 3 The Sacrament of Holy CoilimunTo the people on this theoretical M^ai-d 10 and 14 forfeit all games. ion will be adniinistered by the minplanet, annonia would serve as the qpgjinis Standings isters. This is an “open communperfect beverage, since to them it p|^y ^j.,g intermural tennis ion”. Special music will be furnishwould be tasteless and odorless; matches has also progressed and ed by the choir. As to the sources of energy for ggyciial teams have moved into the 5:15 P. M.—University Of Christhe unknown planet, there would be quarter-finals. Standings of the va- tian Living. heat from radiation of the sun, mo- ^ious fraternities participating in -A. 20c Fellowship Supper will be tion caused by weather phenomena, the contest is listed below. served at 5:15 o’clock, and energy from lavers and At 6:30 o’clock. Prof. Robert streams. ■ pha Tau Omega, Delta Upsilon, Phillips of the History Department Tis A Possibility Beta Theta Pi and Sigma Alpha Mu. will lead a discussion on the “PoSome indication of the possible ptiOse teams who have moved into litical Aspects Of The Post War existence of an ammonia world is ^j^g gggQu^ I'ound are: Lambda Chi World”. given by Dr. Theodore Dunham of Alpha, Kappa Delta Eho, Alpha A closing worship will follow at the Mount Wilson Observatory. In Phi, Phi Kappa Sigma, 7:15. 1933 he announced the discovery of Q^i and Acacia. the presence of ammonia around the Doubles-quarter-final round: Al- PIA To Sponsor Tea planets Jupitei and Saturn. He even Omega, Sigma Alpha Mu s aa • a went so far as to state that Am- and Alpha Kappa Lambda. The fol- Dance In Union At 3 monia ^piay be responsible foi the lowing houses are now in the sec- Weekly PIA Tea dance will be rings of Saturn. In an aitide in ond round. Lambda Chi Alpha, held in the South Ballroom of the the New York Times of February gg^a Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, Union this afternoon, from 3 to 5 26j 1933, Dr. Dunham also expound- pj.^j Kappa P.si, Phi Kappa Sigma, P. M. Admission is free to memed the theory of the existence of pj Kappa Phi, Pi Kappa Alpha, hers; for non-members a price of ammonia as an odoiless, tasteless Delta. Chi, Acacia and Delta Tau ten cents per pei'son is maintained beverage, that is, to the beings con- pgU.g_ All are invited to attend, ditioned to it. ^^^
War Workers House
I
Notices
. An Students: Informal sertiorvobrt 'dhnM at Kappa Delta Eho house SaturdayjAOT® Everyone welcome, , _ ■ “EBqBT f
Coeds furnish House Which Represents Lafest Ideas In Modern Home Furnishing Today and tomorrow the public will haVA the opportunity of inspecting the newly-completed War Workers Home designed by Carl Boester, director of housing research, and furnished by University coeds studying hbuse furnishings under the tutelage of Miss Ruth Austin, instructor in-applied design. The house is situated on the - —:———— University Housing Research “open House” is to obtain the reac-
tion of war workers in regard to the type of design and construction,.
All Students: There are .several openings In Coolt county scholarship awards. .Application'blanks may bo secured'by oontacting the office of the Division of Education Referriiig, room 313, Executive building.1 Juniors and seniors Of good standing front Cook County, 111., high schools are eligible. —EBMMEES
Lutherans: "Junb JamfaorCe” at d26.3S(orth Ninth street in Lafayette, Sunday,. Jtthe 6, I at 7:30 p. m. > Everyone welcome,' ■ . .‘J . , ' —MATTHfi-Vy^S . .
Speech 56 Students: Monday,' June 7, Debtis photographers will phOtogtiapK; class in session at 4 come 1
will pnotograpii; cinss Gome prepared, and ‘ —'WiLLlAMS
Senior MB’s and AE’s: If you expect to have employment intervioyvs with industrial representatives between now and December, please secure company sheets and interview request cards in ME Office immediately, providing you have not done so already. —BOLZ .
'' Basic Military Students: All basic, students are urged to note .the schedulC iPOstod on the Biilldtin Boa^d in the Armory for turning in,wool trousers and caps. ... .• —brown
Fraternity President’s Council: There Will be a meeting Thursday,' June 10, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union.
Outing Club: All interested in OUting Club hike Sunday, June 6, 2 :30 p. m., call Oscar Smuckler, 2476, ^ Selma _Markman,
8413.'
-MARKMAN
campus. ,
This is the second edition of , •-i. . -,4 ..i,
each visitor will be provided with a
a War Workers Home, and specially prepared questionnaire was built to incorporate many and requested to provide compa-ra-of the suggestions received since tive information which will be snithe first house was built last sum- died and utilized in designing othmer. The new house is 28 by 32 feet er houses in the series to be conoverall, containing a living room, structe'd later. Arrows leading to master bedroom, two individual the new house will be erected on the bunk rooms, shower and bathroom, western extension of Stadium Ave., and kitchen. Conservation of both for the convenience of visitors, labor and critical materials, as well -Visiting hours on . Saturday will as the method of construction as re- be from 1 to 9 o’clock. On Sunday, lated to man power necessary for the house will be open for public erecting it, was giyen great consid- inspection from A. M. to 9 P. M.
eration when the home was design-
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Keys are here. Call at 116 University after 7 p. m. —GOFF.
... -^DA^SON . Dolphin Club: Mcetinp Thursday; Jono 10;^ at 7:16 p.. m. in room 104 o£ the Fieldhousc. . Brinp suggestion^ for pledges, and, a report bn the work assigned to you. —murphy
Soldiers, Sailors, Students: 'Hillel picnic at Shelter House behind Stadiuni Sunday, June 6, at 6 p. m; Food, games and 'gals. ^ nTTTnir
Westminster Girls: There wilTbe, ^ picnic supper Tuesday, June 8. Me^ at,-the Foundation at 5:16. There will be a Vesper Service, and a short jdiscussion of the program for next ■ fall. All , coeds, CurtlssWright,. RCA and Wright Field cadettes are invited to attend,. —^THOMA
All Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House; 116 Sheetz St. —GLUCK
ed.
Coeds Select Furnishings The furnishings, selected and fashioned by six co-eds were selected for utility as well as attractiveness, at a total cost of less than $195. Every article of furniture, and all material used were purchased at retail prices. Since the home was furnished at such a low cost, much labor and artistic ingenuity were necessary on the part of the co-eds. In order to keep their budget in the lower brackets the girls bought unfished furniture, and then painted them with carefully selected colors. Since draperies and curtains should match, they were made from materials that were home dyed. A couch was provided for the living room by purchasing a metal cot and con^truting a cover with padded arms. To complete these color scheme, rag rugs were added. - Numerous other devices for saving money were devised and put into execution. For instance, cushions were bought for the couch and covered with chintz; in the master bedroom which has light blue walls and light grey painted furniture with rose figured draperies on a white background, enough extra drapery material was purchased so that cut-out figures could be ap-,, plied as decoratives on the dresser and chest to create an unusual effect. . Yellow Bunk Eooms Both bunk rooms have lemon yel-. low walls, with a red accent on desk tops and cushions. An airplane figured wall paper livens up the back wall of a recessed alcove, which is, the boy’s room, while in the girl’s room, tempera paints were used to create a wall design composed of enlarged figures that appear on a printed peasant gingham selected for the curtains and bunk covers. In the living room, lemon yellow wall and ciirtains are' accented by royal blue which appears in the coiich cover, two upholstered chairs, and a table; while in the kitchen, royal blue stools are ranged along a convenient breakfast bar. Four large flowered plates at the back of the breakfast bar add to the color of the kitchen. Careful thought was given to the accessories so^that the rooms have a very finished effect. Since the primary object of the
Just Looking
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold,- rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. G. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Griffith
(Continued from page 3) and cities throughout Germany to teach new methods which wci'c chiefly American sports and games. U. S. Tutors Italians 'J'oo When Mussolini organized sports , in Italy to regenerate the Italian people, he hired vai-ibus American coaches, the last of which was Boyd Conistock of Southern California. Sweden w-as ahead of the other nations because back in 1902 s«e hired Ernest Hjertbei-g to tiain her Olympic teams. As the United States developed many of the modern implements of war and invented many new' things that have been copied by the other nations of the, world, so likewise these nations like Germany figured that we had something that helped cur men when they got into a fight and they believed that these fighting qualities wei-e jjartly engendered by our national spoils. This is all interesting because today there are some who would di.scard ouisports and games.
Buy War Bonds
PROTECT YOUR FURS
Don’t put off having your furs stored. In another month it may be too late.
pALLms-..
Phone 4081
DELIVERY P FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
II
, ,1111 mini lu ■luiuimi <111 2 POPULAR ACToR WITH THE Zs TOE mm SODA-JERKER I Js^CAST AsTn'eWS(’FI221C1AN’TOC SAYS) WHO 5 PAPER PUBLISHER eOES GLAMOROUS... LEARNED TO THROW SOPAS ETC. FROM •
PU$T€R KEATON, MGM’s
FAMOUS pie-thr’owins COMEPIAN/ ,
u/amL.
m^mm
WINNER OF SEVERAL
T5 AaOEMY AWARPS...Tt)' '■ WHOM PICTURE FAME V CAME AFTER HE WAS 40.77 GETS TO KISS LANA MORg THAN BOB r«.TfilS COMEDY!
Cancellations
(Continued from page 2) swing at the enemy from all corners of the ring. —x-x—: ■ The modern American business man has a pecular sense of business values. First the American government asked the Chilean government to do away with their Nazi ship insurance companies and after the Chilean officials had complied with'the i-equest the American and British companies moved in lock, stock, and barrel and bdosted the rates. This immediately caused a wave of protest but as yet nothing has been done to rectify the business swindle performed bn Chilean shipping by their “good neighbors”. Business before friendship is always the American motto, arid is why we have so many ..“fi'iends” throughout Latin America and the World.
Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 5 p. m., Tuesday, June 8. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possibly by the head of the department in Tvhich the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. * F. I. GOLDSMITH Dean of Men.
Union Workers: The following StnfleAt Union comniittees will have a meeting Mori- - day afternoon at 4:16. -New committees were named and will go irito effect Monday, June 7th. Will all Union members please note the bulletin board for the number of the room in which their committee will meet. Teas and Receptions i John Conde, Jhanne, Deffendall, Richard Hupp, Caroline KargaS, Jeanette Kathman, Barbara LyddOn, Richard Reed, Bobbiejean Riggs, Hank Scheriler, Jean Shera, Jack Stringe. Publicity: Eleanor Anderson, uDiefc Brill, John Federman, Barbara Fischer, Jeah Fretz, Dick Haase, Maxine Lamb, Lee Marshall, Bob McCurdy, C. 0. Roberts, Chic Thompson, Jaihes Rodinbaugh.' Personnel: Don Cleary, Bob Crankshaw, Robert Emer.son, Marjorie Galbreath, Vir, ginia Gamble, Charles Henriksen, Herbert Jones, Mary Mdttix, James Moss, Sally Van Buskirk, Edwin Cole. War : Edna Balch, Dick Blackball, Betty Canan, Roy ClaMc, Fred Dreyer, Maggie Groin, Louise Henning, Bob Holmes, Roger Samuelson, Robert. Kramer. Recreation: Lucille Anderson, Jack DeCello, Roger Durling, Dixie Hibbott, Helen Hoover, Hugh Klein, Jean Leer, Peg Leuhrs, Doug Moffat, Walter Perkins, John Kpch.
Buy War Bonds
Reamera: Meetinp Monday, June 7,^ at 7:15 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Committee on Anniversary Celebration will have things to report. —BOSWINKLE
Union Head To Speak To Wesley Foundation
C. C. Coulter, secretary-treasur-er of the Retail Clerks’ International Union, will talk tomorrow morning at 9 :30 on “Christianity and the Labor Movement” before the Wesley Foundation Church School. University students are invited, to the open session.
“CRASH DIVE!” As the imperiled submarine plummets to the bottom of the sea, the crew hangs on in silence, hoping and praying for the best. This is one of the tense scenes from the thrilling new. Technicolor adventure firm, “Crash Dive,” which stars Tyrone Power and is slated to open today at the Mars Theatre. The first wartime film of Uncle Sam’s battling
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, gun.s, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan OlTice, 407 Columbia.
Lost—Pair of shell-rirnmed glasses. Reward. Charles Lander. Phone 2966.
Lost—Green, oiled silk raineoat in Unioin Sunday night. Reward.' Call 4G902, ask for Bol). .
Lost—K & E Log Log Decitri.g slide rule. Reward.' A. C. Anderson.-
For Rent—Three double rooms. Reduced rates at 130 Marstellar. Board across street.
Students wisliing to earn their board bring schedule card and report to'service office in Cary Jlall South.
BE BEUDY FOB THE
WEilTHEB
UUK SUITS
Two Piece ... Plain Color Collou . . . Gabardine . . . Spun Rayon
to *9-*
Yi. >
V I