®he Puriue TSxfianent
Publiished Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1936
NUMBER 26
PURDUE CONTINUES TITLE QUEST
All America Ratinss By CHRISTY WALSH Member All-America Board of Football
Individual players raced themselves to prominence, on many of the nation’s gridirons a week ago today* All did not secure recogni' tion in this column but all demonstrated that an alert, smart player on a team that never says “die” —may suddenly find himself in a crucial spot where quick action, courage and football intuition, can snatch victory from apparent defeat or dead-lock. Last minute scoring, sweetened by the element of spectacular surprise, enable^ three major teams to continue undefeated, thanks to one player who in each instance “delivered in the pinch”; Uram, Minnesota; Osmanski. Holy Cross and Lock, Fordham produced electrifying, victory runs against stubborn ^ foes, who deserved no less than an even break on the final score. At the same time many other play- official Seal ers equally important to team success, were doing a gruelling job, unnoticed and unsung. Some of them are listed below: WILKINSON—Minnesota. Quarterback. 55,000 hysterical partisans thundered their ' applause as a player raced 75 yards, to break a scoreless tie, with less than a minute^ to g-o. The glory of th^ touchdown goes to the ball-carrier but to Wilkinson the quilck-thinking safety-man who spurned a chance to be a hero—goes the highest honor of the day. Such unselfish conduct exemplifies the spirit of All America. DAVIS—Southern California. Quarterback. Harking back to the days of Trojan supremacy on the gridiron, this sensational Southern California back paced his teammates in a dizzy triumph over Illinois. He passes like a marksman and punts high and far. In 29 attempts Davis crashed over the Illinois line for 116 yards and added 20 more around the ends. RILEY—Alabama. Halfback. This senior, weighing 169 pounds, was the key-man in shading Mississippi State. A triplethreat star, Riley showed excellent judgement in running the team and played great defensive ball. He stayed in there for four quarters and made no mistakes. GLASSFORD—Pittsburgh. Guard. Jess Carver, Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph declares Glassford against Ohio State was one of the best guards he has seen in seven years. Carver, conservative, distinguisred, gridiron critic seldom bestows such praise. Glassford is now on the spoil DANNERLEIN— St. Mary’s. Tackle. Tom Leib, Loyola, rates Dannerlein as one of the best tackles he has ever seen. So reports, Owen Merrick, San Francisco News who adds: “California did not gain a yard against him and in every game Dannerlein’s play has stamped him as one of the greatest tackles ever produced on the West Coast. MYERS—Kentucky. Center. “He weighs 200 pounds, hut is the first man down the field under punts. His team was defeat^ by five touchdowns but Georgia Tech failed to take Myers out of position on a single play. Breaking up end runs are part of this center’s defensive repertoire.’’ Such commendation comes from Ed Danforth, Atlanta Georgian. SCHOEN—Baldwin-Wallace. Halfback. The defeat of Syracuse was no upset for this fasfi-coming smaller college—victory came as the reward of perfect teamwork inspired by this slashing, triple-threat ace. Bob Godley, Cleveland Press rates Schoen with the best backs in college football. FINLEY—Southern Methodist. Fullback. The quick-kicks and marvelous, punting of this outstanding half-carrier, kept Focdham in the hole, until the final quarter and according to Jim Crowley, rival coach, Finley was the most vital personality in the game. HENRION—Carnegie Tech. Tackle PopWarner’s personal scout reports as follows: “A year ago Ifenrion was voted to be the outstanding player in the Pittsburgh district and from what I saw today, he should retain that title.” The scout adds “Temple will have to build up that spot for the Carnegie game.” SCHMIDT—Navy. Halfback. Scoring three times, once on a perfectly executed off-tackle run for 59 yards, this hard-driv-In^r Midshipman took the Moring honors from an array of outstanding backs. He was Navy’s big-gun on offense and un arm-or-plated backer-np, when Virginia bad the ball. All-Aim^rica Ratings To DateHalverson, So. California, Guard. Fusia, Manhattan, Back. Hill, Duke, Center. Stradley, Williams, Back. Kirk, Middlebury, End. Ingram, Navy, Back. Perrin, Santa Clara, Back. Leinhardt, South Dakota, Back. Isbell, Purdue, Back. Haines, Washington, Back. Prank, Yale, Back. Konemann .Georgia Tech, Back. Danbom, Notre Dame, Back. Williams, U. C. L. A., Back, Brock, Nebraska, Center. Hapes, Mississippi, Back. Kinard, Mississippi. Tackle. Hauge, Pennsylvania, Center. Sala, Villa Nova, Tackle. Messervy, Temple, Back. (Copyright, 1986)
Mexico City ranked itself with the cities of the world having more than 1,000,000 by extending its boundaries to include parts of four adjacent villages.
Post-Election Treats Involve Peanut Rolling, Kissing, Wheelbarrowing
(By L. S. Hardin) How Would you like to roll a peanut around the oval, or better still, how would you like to see someone else do the rolling—^with a nice lopsided peanut, minus the hull? Persons who keep their eyes open next November 4, the day following the national election, are apt to see sights even stranger than this if certain wagers are carried out as stipulated. Bet Your Boots With election nearing, campaigning intensifying, political arguments increasing, and enthusiasm in general steadily mounting, word of the wagers, not in money but in gentlemen’s and (ladies’) agreements, is gradually slipping out of its supposedly well confined channels. Now there is the Alpha Chi who is to go to school that morning in a wheelbarrow—^rubber tired or otherwise. She doesn’t know it yet but if Governor Landon is elected, one gentleman is to do the pushing while if President Roosevelt is reelected, another ed does the honors. Then too, there is a certain group
Grid Stars On Parade Exponent To Publish All-American Ratings By Walsh Weekly Who will be the lucky eleven gridiron stars to make the official ALLAMERICA team this year? Beginning today in this paper and continuing until the end of the football season the Exponent will publish an official column by Christy Walsh, founder, and chairman of the All-America Board of Football, and editor of “Intercollegiate Football.” Each week in this column Christy Walsh will pick 10 outstanding players of the previous week to receive the official Card of Merit of the All America Board. From All Parts After every game, recommendations for All America Eatings are filed by experienced press-box observers— representing players in all sections and in every conference in the country. Christy Walsh will pick ten of these recommended player and give them Cards of Merit and the assurance that their names will be considered for the final All-American team. No players failing to win mention in the nine weekly ratings, 90 players in all, will be eligible for this team. Elsewhere on this page is printed the first column, listing the first Merit Card receivers and a brief account of their actions on the field last Saturday afternoon.
Watson Directs Housing Project A six room double, one story house will be built Monday, Oct. 26, in Indianapolis under the direction of Frank Watson, director of the Purdue Housing Research project at the University. Watson is cooperating with Indianapolis people in planning and erecting a small house to take the place of homes torn down in a slum clearance project. ,
Little Women Ape Band Drum Major Coming events cast their shadows before them. From all indications, the Purdue Band of I960 will have a co-ed hand leader. The shadows inspiring this prediction were four little girls, all about 8 years old, who followed Drum Major Jorgerson up and down the field during recent practices.
which is bending every effort to aid the success of the Kansan, and all of its members aren’t Republicans. They visualize the possibility of seeing a certain ed the morning after, sitting on the curb at a certain' point, patiently w'aiting fpr the first woman to come along, for on her lips, despite what she may think about it, he must plant a kiss, Of course, there is the other unfortunate fellow who must go through the procedure if the democrats are successful. The eds however, aren’t alone in their betting. In fact, the co-eds have a fifty-fifty chance of being represented at the peanut rolling, as one partner in this wager is a member of the fair sex.
Debate Trials Open Tuesday Twelve Students Will Receive Positions On Forensic Squad Tryout speeches for the University Western Conference debate squad will be made Tuesday afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock in room 301 of University Hall. Candidates for the team who cannot be present then may arrange a convenient date with Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech department. Each of the twelve students chosen for the squad will participate actively in debating against University opponents, including Loyola and Chicago in a triangular meet at Chicago, Michigan at Ann Arbor, and St. Viator, at Bourbonnais, 111. Another Big Ten team will also be met here December 4. Former debaters who are expected to try out are: C. R. Petticrew, R. F. Royster, J. W. Fredericks, J. R. Smyth, L. H. Thie, C. F. Ingwalson, and T. B. Speaker. ^
Couples Go Rustic At Newman Club Barnyard Frolic To the tune of Bob McKittrick’s band, 200 couples, teeter-tottering on boards over milk cans, and scooting down the long slide from the second floor level to the ballroom, went native, beards, slouch hats, overalls, patched shirts, old pipes and all, at the annual Barnyard Frolic held in the Union ballroom last night. Amid the setting of corn stalks and pitch forks with silhouettes of a farmer smoking his pipe and the milk maiden looking on, as a backdrop, co-ed^ wearing their bonnets and prints accompanied farmers-for-a-night to this informal dance. Following the grand march, about 11 o’clock, P. J. Smith, junior in the science school, wearing horn rimmed spectacles, and heavy beard, was selected as the man with the best costume, and Lottie Norris, a duplica of the old lady who lived in a shoe, was judged as the best costumed girl. W. K. Delaplane, junior ag, with his alarm clock dangling from his pocket, was runner-up for the men’s award.
Hams Broadcast Weekly Skit Today The weekly Radio Stage play over WBAA will be pTesented this afternoon at 1 o’clock. ' The play, “An ‘Ideal Setup’,” concerns a novelist who goes to the country to find qujet and peace and finds anything hut that. The cast includes J. E. Ludberg, Shirleiy Yonover, Helen Steffee, and J. F. Moore. The program sponsored by the PIA, will i;un for a half hour with Gil Huton as the announcer.
A. E. Wiggam Hints Decline Of Mentality Says Children of Refuse CoUectors May Replace Upper Class Convo Lecturer Author To Talk In Eliza Fowler HaU Tuesday Dr. Albert E. Wiggam, well known author and scientist, who is to speak in the Memorial Gymnasium Tuesday, thinks that if we don’t watch what we are doing all of us will have the minds of thirdrate farm hands and muskrat trappers. Dr. Wiggam stated, “It looks as though the I. Q, is on the tobaggon with the children of the refuse collectors about to occupy the throne of Bryn Mawr graduates— “As soon as people rise in the world and have higher living standards to maintain they start rearing smaller families.” Dr. Wiggam has written several books on biological subjects, many of which have been best sellers. A few of his more popular books include “The Fruit of the Family Tree,” “The Marks of an Educated Man,” and “Sorry, But Your Wrong About It.” In his address here Dr. Wiggam will talk on “An Educated Man in a Changing World.” This address will be the first lecture convocation of the year.
Today’s Drive Against Chicago Last Of Series Grant’s Return Strengthens Boilermaker Line; Maroon Hopes Dimmed By Accidents
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POSITION Powell LE Schreyer LT Burmeister LG Bell (C) C Grant RG Woltman RT Vergane RE Gift QB Stalcup LH Drake RH Isbell FB
CHICAGO .. Gillerlain -Sappington Jordan ..Whiteside Wright Johnson Petersen ..Goodstein Bartlett ..Lehnhardt Skoning
By R. F. Obenchain.
Purdue gridmen will continue their drive towards a Big Ten championship this afternoon at 2 o’clock, E. S. T., when they face the Maroons at Stagg Field in Chicago. This game will terminate^one of the longest series of games in the history of intercollegiate football, a series that has stretched over 42 years.
Coach Clark Shaughnessy, of the Maroons, is expected to present a strong and determined eleven to stop Purdue. Although Clark’s public state-
WAA Drive Opens Monday Ten-Day Membership Campaign Begins Next Monday the Women’s Athletic Association will begin its tenday drive for membership, which for the first time will be limited to 350 co-eds. The membership list has already reached 116. Each unorganized woman student will be contacted through her ward manager. Organized co-eds may pay their dues to their sorority representatives of W. A. A. If these ways are not convenient, girls may pay either Miss Bab, in the main office, during class or Miss Wiese at her desk in the locker room at 4 o’clock.
Trimble Urges Study Of Speech Situations Dr. O. G. Trimble, of the psychology department, addressed a group meeting of the speech clinic yesterday on the subject of “Personality and its relationship to speech defectives!” Dr. Trimble defined personality as a person’s defectiveness in determining the behavior of others. He pointed out that stuttering is a defense mechanism to hide a social maladjustment. He advised the education of the emotions of all individuals and particularly those who have some speech difficulty such as stuttering.
Peace Promoter Due Here Monday Raymond B. Walker, D. D., of Portland, Oregon, will speak Monday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Central Presbyterian church on “World Peace”. The local branch of the Emergency Peace Campaign, a nationwide organization, is sponsoring Dr. Walker’s talk. The meeting is part of a national movement, during October and November, to keep the United States out of war.
ments show little hope for a victory, he is sure to have his squad in shape for their first conference game of the season. Accidents Dim Hopes Chicago hopes have been dimmed by the accidents which have hit the Maroon camp in the past few days. Ned Bartlett, Fred Lehnhardt, Norman Joffee and Clarence Wright have been injured already this season. Their absence will seriously impair the Maroon play. Purdue will be bolstered today with the return of Andy Grant into regular play. The Boilermaker guard, who was forced to the sidelines during most of the Wisconsin game by a charley horse, is in much better shape now, and will probably be called upon to hold down his old post at right guard for most of the game. Leading Scorers Drake, who is leading the Big Ten in points scored, will be trying to gather in a few more to boost his lead in the race. Cecil Isbell will also be trying to run his pointsscored column up, in order to advance in the present listings. Not only is Cec far up in Big Ten scoring but he is leading all Indiana football players in points scored this season. Large numbers of Boilermaker fans are journeying to the Windy City to see the game. The feeling runs high on the Chicago campus where large pep sessions are being held to show the team just how badly they want to win the game today.
Ammerman For Mixer Tonight Bringing forth a new organization consisting of six members who were formerly with Welsh’s band, with Bill Jones, who sang with Ben Bernie and the lads before coming here, acting as the vocalist, Johnny Ammerman and his orchestra, will present the musical program for tonight’s Union Mixer.
Big Robbie To Lead Graduate Forum Dr. C. H. "Big Robbie” Robertson, M. E. ’95 and ex-athlete will lead the graduate forpm on the subject “Some Observations and Experiences in the Educational Development of China” tomorrow evening at 6:30 at the Wesley Foundation House, 436 State Street. “Big Robbie” was in charge of teaching the Chinese people how to read and write for 26 years and his plan of education made it pos* sible to teach thousands of these people literacy iti 90 hours at the cost of 60 cents eacho
1,900 Students Chicago Bound Ticket Office Sells 500
Additional Ducats
More than one-third of the university students as well as at least 600 other Purdue fans will be on hand at Stagg Stadium this afternoon to lend their support to the
Boilermaker eleven.
C. S. Doan, director of ticket sales, reports a total of 1,900 student coupon books stamped for admittance to the special Purdue section. The 500 other tickets sold through the University ticket office, are reserved in the same section.
Musicians Leave For Chicago Early This Morning The Purdue Military Band will leave on the Monon “Purdue Band Special,” at 7 o’clock this morning to qttend the Purdue-Chicago footballl game at Stagg Field. Rehearsals for the Chicago formations started Monday afternoon and several new formations, including a new “Rivet” design, were added to the series. Arriving in Chicago, the band will dine at the Del Prado hotel. After the game the band will go to Harding’s Restaurant for the evening meal.
Gold And Black Aces Return to I. V, Campus After a successful engagement on the Indiana University campus last week-end the Gold and Black Aces, under the leadership of Ken Ebershoff, return again this evening to Bloomington to play for the Phi Beta Delta pledge dance.
Under The Mirror Book notes Irom the Bacowslns Bokmx
FAR FOREST (By Lowell Thomas) A story of Mawne Heath and the nearby counti'y; Black Country, for here coal and iron oppress the souls of ifien and women who work and live in its black fumes from birth through a life of near slavery to the end. A dark picture ind^d« but the author has written a beautiful and fascinating love story of two children bom to this life who at last find a quiet haven in an ancestral home by Gladden Brook. Strong characters in a rugged country are portrayed, as are the elemental passions of men and women, as wen as the grinding labor of their lives, contrasHng strongiy with the beauty of the Engli^ countryside in which for a time toe scene is laid.is;
*
/
iJ<
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 17,1936
Current Comment
Belgium Decides
France has been in an uproar ever since the Belgians announced the other day that they were through lighting other nations’ wars. From now on, the Belgians say, they will try to preserve their neutrality and to keep out of affairs in which they are not inti-
mately concerned.
France i§ worried because she had counted on Belgium as an ally in the next war, but now the latter’s sympathies are reported to lie with Germany. France doesn’t care what happens to Belgium; she is only looking out for her own interests. But Belgium remembers the horrors of the last war, and doesn’t want to repeat her gallant but tragic performance. France, Germany and Italy are working primarily for their own benefit. Can anyone blame little Belgium for doing the same ?
Censorship Again
The latest case of college newspaper censorship is that of the Student Life, campus paper at Washington University, which has been refused permission to publish any articles not meeting with the approval of the authorities of the St. Louis school. This action took place shortly after the school authorities had revoked the scholarships of two students who criticized the R. 0. T. C. of that school. The editors of the campus newspaper have not been permitted by the school authorities to comment editorially or to reprint editorial comments of other newspapers on the removal of these scholarships. As a countercharge, the editors planned to run a line in last Friday’s paper stating that in the future no editorials would appear in the paper. The faculty advisor replied that if this was done the editors would be removed from office, since their action might be interpreted as meaning that the university had forbidden the publication of editorials. The editors finally decided to fill the editorial column without any comment on the discontinuing of the editorial column. The university authorities have defended their censorship of the paper by arguing that the paper is not a student publication but a house organ of the university, and as such no news considered detrimental to the welfare of the university should be published. If this is so, the school authorities should publish the paper under their own name and not that of the students. As far as receiving a journalistic education is concerned, the authorities are setting a very bad example for their future graduates to follow. One of the chief aims of journalism in this country has been to prevent censorship of newspapers. If our universities practice censorship of the student publications, it is possible that it will reach large newspapers in future generations. The authorities of Washington University will probably discover to theix sorrow that their action will bring more adverse publicity to that school than any editorial comment the student paper could have printed.
A Note Of Optimism
Brighter prospects for employment than those existing in the past few years may be expected by future engineering graduates of the University, according to reports brought back to the campus by homecoming alumni. Most of the recent graduates seem to be employed at jobs that are demanding their full attention. More than one job was offered to several members of the graduating class last spring. Present trends indicate that the employment problem of coming engineers will be not so much of finding a job as of deciding which job to take. For the present, however, a number of students might well concern themselves more with getting through the University than with getting jobs after they are graduated.—R. P. M.
Pullman sleepers have been introduced in Switzerland. Those mountain climbers should be able to^ scale the upper berth with little difficulty.—Franklin Evening Star.
If a man’s got the money, he might as well let his wife have what she wants, first as last.
^urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Pissocided CblleSiate Press Distributors of GDlle6iate Di6est
Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Exclusively Represented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year ; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief W, T. Hunt Managing Editor..^ E. H. Morris AMOciate Editors.- K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A.’ H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Boorts Editor.
Associate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
L. D. Wood
...W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF BosinesB Manager...— — „.R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager _L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager D, 0. Miller Circulation Manager. j. p. Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF Xditor....— Helen Creech Advertising J*anager_ Betty Barnett Aaseglate Editors ...Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Issue E!ditor>-<-D. A. Bailey
Readers’ Opinions
Th* Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable
length from its readers.
Hail, Purdue?
To the Editor: With the tradition of having Bold & Black, or some supposedly witty column, long established in the annals of the Exponent, it is relieving to note the adoption of an article of genuine humor. In My Opinion, whether designed for such purpose or not, nevertheless continually succeeds in sending the reader into fits of laughter with the author’s fables and anecdotes of his brain-child, Per-Dew University. Why, we might ask, should the author devote his time to prating on some dead or irrelevant subject when he could do some good if he so desired ? We, the undersigned, members of the classes of ’37 and ’38, feel the loyally for Purdue that a true Boilermaker should; and yet, at a school whose supremacy in football, basketball and military band is a byword and criterion for every university in the country, we have suffered for three and two years, respectively, singing one of the silliest school songs ever composed. We suggest that this Cadwallader person institute a campaign for the adoption of a song which is actually collegiate and worthy of the best school in the country. Those interested enough might be able to find in the records of the University a song entitled “For the Honor of Old Purdue” which, sung by the glee club, is easily recognized as superior to “Hail, Purdue”. The words are easy to learn, the tune is catchy, to be trite, and the song as a whole is one of the best it has been our privilege to hear. Demonstrations will gladly be submitted in quartette or chorus form by—D. H. Carson, J. H. Gerlach, R. C. Camp, J. R. Bernstein, D. C. Hayne.
BEAT CHICAGO,
Editor’s Note: Not being familiar with this other tune, I cannot comment upon its relative merits. All I can say is that “Hail, Purdue” always arouses real enthusiasm and feeling inside true Boil/ermakers,
Opinioin
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Peace With Honour
Ever since the conclusion of the late war, the world has been fiooded with peace plans, ranging from absurd to practical. Perhaps one of the most scathing denunciations of the folly of war is in A. A. Milne’s “Peace With Honour”, recently published in a new edition by Dutton’s. The book is filled with terse statements which seem somehow to get to the very bottom of this war situa tion. The plan he presents is based on the belief that war is the result of personal ambitions, and that the people themselves do not want war. The whole idea is presented in his classic 134-word history of the last war, which heads the book. That concise history, as follows, is worth reading and pondering, as is the entire book: “In the summer of 1914 an Austrian archduke was killed at Serajevo, under, it was said, Servian auspices. Austria’s honour, since she was a bigger country than Servia, demanded that she should seek what is called satisfaction. Servia agreed to make certain of the obeisances and motions of humility suggested to her, but rejected certain others. Complete satisfaction being necessary to the honour of Austria, no course was left to her but the forcing of these other obeisances upon the smaller country. The force applied led directly to the killing of ten million men who were not archdukes, and, directly or indirectly, to the deaths of uncounted thousands of women and children. Even so, however, the object remained unachieved. The further obeisances were not made, and four years later Austria was still incompletely satisfied.. ..”
The gravy bowl frosh of Phi Kappa Psi took it on the lam the other night and in deciding that the actives of that shack didn’t have much on the ball, barreled off tp yon fair city of Lafayette and took in an extraordinary show—about eleven that evening these same little rhinies plodded homeward to be met by a housewarming committee (or something)—remark of one Frosh after the affair was over, “Walking out on those fellows is just like walking into an electric chair.” . . .
The PIA Tea Dance was a big fall affair the other night—several of the tea hounds were found on the floor—it seems that the wax was thick enough to skate on . . . can it be possible that the Alpha Gamma Rhos have given the well known boot to their illustrious members, namely AMSLER and MARTIN— you know MARTIN of prom fame these boys have joined PIA to which members of fraternities are strictly barred—to top it off AMSLER, who seemingly has been trying to pitch in the right manner with Chi O SMITH, took one JANE HAMILTON to his own (PIA organized Tea Dance) . . . Love is a funny thing ’Tis accompanied by a foolish ping Oh I love it, —BRUCE McCANDLESS
JIM MURPHY of the Delt House took it in the bread basket Thursday afternoon when a certain WRH frosh who roams around under the name of MARTI MATHES stood him up on a prearranged Sweetshop date—how long will it be before some of our dear little freshmen learn that one keeps dates that are made on this campus? . . . seems that a certain green freshman named VIRGINIA WILKING has been bragging that she has had at least two dates per week-end and that she has broken at least one date— BOB FATOUT being the sucker upon one instance—what do these freshmen think that they have that privileges them to break dates at random . . .
The Kappas and Alpha Chi’s have been using an old gray mare to practice their riding lessons upon— LIB CALLISON and ETTA BEST were up for the Kappa riding team
-And when we run short of news the editor simply bites him!”
while JEAN HARKER led—EASTBURN upheld equestrienne honors for the Alpha Chis—^by the way this same horse was used later on in the day in grading the lawns of both houses ....
Can you feature a nice juicy love affair without ladies’ man BILL DILLON . . .
JANE WOODCOCK is romance personified—when a girl decides to go home before school has progressed more than four weeks just to see a man when there are thousands of them right here she really is in love—this gal left Wednesday noon for her home in New York State—dates here affected her to the extent that when she would ar(Continued on page 4)
New MAIN
Sunday - Monday - Tuesday Wednesday BIG DOUBLE FEATURE EDW. G. ROBINSON
“Bullets or Ballots” with JOAN BLONDELL Plus “Laughing Irish Eyes” with PHIL REGAN - EVELYN KNAPP
Just about time the hay fever season passes, the straw vote epidemic will be in our midst.—Frankfort Morning-Times.
An expert diver says a blow on a shark’s dorsal fin will put it to flight. And that may be true for all we will ever know.—Franklin Evening Star.
He who laughs more vociferously at his professor’s absurdities oftentimes is the recipient of a higher grade than his neighbor.
It is a fortunate man who can say: “I have never felt the imperative desire to profit by unethical methods.”
Neutrality means that Italy and Germany may help the rebels but no one may help the loyalists because that amounts to intervention.
“Expedition Collects Flora in Forests of British Honduras.” Headline. We wonder what she was doing away over there.
Exponent Platform
1.
2. Establish student SELF-Goyernment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon* orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student Union Election System. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
A salvo of laugh-bombs bursting in air.... as the greatest names of the entertainment world ... give their ali in the maddest concoction of merriment ever invented!
I
JACK BENNY w BOB BURNS^ MARTHA RAVE ^ J GEORGE BURNS GRACIE ALLEN •BENNY GOODMAN and his orchestra ShirieyROSS RayMIllAND Frank Forest Benny Fields LEOPOLD STOKOWSKI and his symphony orchestra
SUNDAY
MARS
FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW JACKIE COOPER
“The Devirs a Sissy”
The thinhingr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
JANET GAYNOR ROBERT TAYLOR
‘SMALL TOWN GIRL”
and JIMMIE ALLEN
“SKY PARADE”
Last Times Today CHESTER MORRIS
‘Moonlight Murder’
BOB STEELE in ‘No Man’s Range”
‘Clutching Hand”
FAMILY
SUNDAY - MONDAY
a million times bet-
ter than ever before \ ^ •••singing and dano> ^
ing) surrounded by
; 8tarsy in a stirring ’
modem story! .
PooftUiTLE RICH GlRL^
ALICE FAYE GLORIA STUART JACK HALEY
MICHAEL
SARA HADIN JANE OAKWIll
ClAUDiaiLtlNOWATIR
Last Times Today CHARLES STARRETT
“Code of the Range’ and WILLIAM GARGAN
“Alibi for Murder”Saturday, October 10,1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ielder’s.... ....choice By Bob Walpole
All quiet on the Boilermaker front this morning . . . the team is in Chicago preparing for the Maroon scrap to begin at two o’clock ... let us caution you again . . . remember two o’clock Midway time is one o’clock here ... be sure you allow enough time to get to Stagg Field for the kick-off.... —fc— Another Saturday and n^ore grid guessing . . . last week we picked the underdogs and they lost... this week, we will as in the past, put our money on the teams that we sincerely believe will win . . . let’s go! —^fc— Michigan at Minnesota . . . the Gophers by three touchdowns . . . the Wolverines didn’t stack up so well against Indiana last Saturday, and Minnesota ranks over the Hoosiers in strength . .. —^fc— Illinois at Iowa . . . the Hawkeyes by one touchdown ... a rather evenly matched duel . . . Simmons and Lamb got a taste of offensive activity last week while the Illini were going down under the U. S. C. power thrusts .... —fc— Wisconsin at Notre Dame . . . the Irish by fourteen points . . . this is an opportunity to compare the Irish with our Boilermakers . . . —^fc— Ohio State at Northwestern . . . a swell game to see with the edge
Four Fraternity Softball Teams Enter Finals Four fraternities are undefeated in the fraternity softball competition, and have won the right to play in the finals. The teams who have already won the right to play in the finals are Theta Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, and Delta Upsilon. At the present time there are eight teams who have been defeated only once and will, therefore, have to play between themselves to determine the four fraternities to fill the vacancies in the eight team tourney to be started soon. The teams which still have a chance to enter the finals are Sigma Chi, Pi Kappa Phi, Phi Kappa Tau, Beta Theta Pi, Pirathon, Kappa Delta Rho, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Phi Delta Theta.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS MONDAY at 4.16 Fuente vs. Snyder Blessing vs. Oberle or Boksenbom Schrader vs. Alexander Cooper vs. Hebbler or Gardner Plapp or Pontius vs Ix)wn or Winter Meihaus vs. Richardson Meyer vs. Tabshey Frye vs. Chapline
by seven points for the Buckeyes . . . both teams are undefeated in the Big Ten . . . one of them must fall —^fc— Indiana at Nebraska . . . another tough one, but we say the Cornhuskers by six points . . .
PERCENTAGE AND NUMBER OF FARMS' RECEIVING CENTRAL STATION ELECTRICITY
LEGEND OVERAOflk 301bTO40H) iniTni2oibTO3o% ^^IO%TO20*». \jr I o%TOio%
Prepared by Rural Electrification Administration
T OO many American farms are behind the times. In the West, where electricity i... used extensively for irrigation, and in thickly settled North Atlantic States, about one farm in three has electric service. In the South anc’ throughout the Middle West rural electrification is very much rarer and in some States almost non-existent. . The Rural Electrification Administration believes tha. concerted action by farmers, private Industry and the Government, using modern methods and modern practices, can change this condition radically. Line
costs are now much lower than they were even a year ago, contributions toward the cost of extensions have been reduced or eliminated entirely, rate schedules are simpler and in many oases lower, and Federal loans are available in every stage of electrifying a farm. REA will lend money to build rural lines and to wire groups of farms; the Electric Home and Farm Authority helps to finance the purchase of appliances and equipment; and Federal Housing Administration’s facilities are available for plumbing and remodeling.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES
DOWN THF^ THE AGESTo Live Forever in Your Memory! r ...A new triumph in the motion picture history! ?ilAX REINHARDT’S fliniDS niiiHT's by William SHAKESPEARE Music by Felix MENDELSSOHN with James CAGNEY Joe. E. BROWN Dich POWELL Jean MUIR Victor JORY and others
Last Times Today LEW AYRES in “Murder With Pictures” and RALPH BELLAMY in “The Man Who Lived Twice”
Starts TOMORROW LUMA
Badgers Honor Coach On Birthday Members of the Wisconsin football squad added another testimonial to the high regard in which Harry Stuhldreher, Badger director of athletics and football coach, is held by all elements at Madison, when they presented the former Horseman of Notre Dame with a de luxe billfold on his 35th birthday, .Wednesday. On the inside of the case, which is of pin seal leather, under Stuhldreher’s name, stamped, in gold*, are the words: “The Best Coach in the World”—and there is no question but that is exactly how Harry is regarded by,the boys of his squad. “That is just about the finest tribute I ever received,” Stuhldreher said, in proudly displaying the gift.
No Game Broadcast According to information received last night there will be no broadcast of the Purdue-Chicago game today. Since the Northwestern-Ohio State encounter holds the spotlight in Chicago, the important broadcasts will center upon that battle.
‘Nohe,’ ‘Mai’ Face ‘Mike’ “Nobe” Kizer, head football coach of the University, was interviewed by “Red” Grange on the Sinclair Sports Review hour last night over a national radio hookup. Earlier in the evening Mai Elward, assistant football coach, spoke over station WGN.
By Olive Schatzley
Methodist Students: The men’s class will meet at the church for a forum on “Science and the Bible” and continue with a discussion of last week’s topic on “Christian Youth Building a New World.” The co-ed class assembling at the Foundation House, will discuss “Personal Problems and Religion.” Epworth League chorus will practice at the Foundation House at four o’clock. The regular fellowship hour and supper will start at 5 o’clock at the Foundation House with a program on “Co-operatives” with three students as the speakers. —c— Episcopal Students: St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry streets, Lafayette. Rev. Reese F. Thornton, rector. Holy communion at 8 o’clock and morning service, with music by a choir of men and boys, at 10:46. Young peoples’ fellowship hour and supper will be held at 6 p. m. During the program three quarters of an hour of pictures provided by the U. S. Navy Recruiting Office will be shown. These are movies with sound mechanism describing submarine service, and the various countries visited on the cruise. —c— Baptist Students: A program packed with fun and surprises is in store for Baptist students of the Roger Williams club Sunday evening at 6:30 o’clock. The freshman of the group are putting on an Amateur Hour. Supper will be served at 6:10. Edward Sheadel will lead a discussion entitled “Helping Build a Christian Economic Order.” Prof. T. K. Noss, of the sociology department will teach the morning student class. Prof. Prank R. Hall will speak at the 7:30 service on “World Conditions and Religion.” Presbyterian Students: School of Religion at 9:30. The discussion group of upper classmen will be led by Dr. Graves. The freshmen will be led by Mr. Findley. The chorus choir under the direction of A. P. Sewart will sing. The Sunday Evening dub will meet in the Educational Building of the church. Following the supper, Dr. Graham will tell of the Emergency Peace Campaign. Supper will be 16 cents. Christian Students: Herman Berry will have charge of the student class. Church Service at 10:45 with the sermon, “The Only True Ground for Optimism.” Student Social Hour at 6:30. Lunch at 6:30, Rev. J. Newton Jessup will speak at the Christian Endeavor.
Big Ten Race Under Way Last Conference Openers Today; Indiana Purdue Lead After today all of the Big Ten schools will have played at least one conference football game. Indiana and Wisconsin play games outside of the conference, but both of them saw action in Big Ten games last Saturday. Purdue, Indiana Leading At the present time, Purdue and Indiana are leading the conference by virtue of their wins over Wisconsin and Michigan, respectively. Chicago will open her conference schedule this afternoon against Purdue in the Windy City. After a defeat by Southern California last week, the Illini will make their debut in Big Ten football this fall in their game with Iowa this afternoon. The Buckeyes will open their season against the Wildcats, who went through fire last Saturday and handed the Iowa squad a decisive beating. Minnesota and Michigan fill the bill of conference games when these traditional rivals meet to start off Minnesota’s Big Ten schedule.
ALL CAMPUS GOLF
-f >
MONDAY W. Hoover vs. R. Hill. L. Farquhar vs. Roy Fuller Ray I,arson vs. J. Jervis T. J. Hutchinson vs. J. H. Lynch
Faculty Inspects Review Tuesday The military committee with Col. Brewer, chairman. Col. W. A. Knapp, Major A. B. Abbott* Profs. H. A. Gregory, H. M. Jacklin, R. L. Phillips and R. C. Corley, will be present at the R. O. T. C. review Tuesday. Following the inspection the first cadet officers’ luncheon will take place in the Memorial Union ballroom, with the military committee as guests of the cadet officers. A musical program and presentation of medals is included on the program.
Col. Knox Will Stump In City Wednesday Col. Frank Knox will give a brief platform speech from the rear of his special train here at 12:27 p. m., Wednesday, according to information received yesterday from Dr. A. R. Killian, Republican county chairman. The Republican vice presidential nominee will speak at the Monon station after which he will go to Crawfordsville.
Dorner’s Flower Shop QuaUty Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys tor tninluH 4oor lodu, dadc locks, nisrht latckco and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a apocialtar. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 809-11 North Fifth Stmt Phone 8828 Lafayette. Ind,
N. Dakota Frosh Writes Poetry, Flunks EngOsh William McKee, freslunait at North Dakota, certainly goes in for extremes. Recently he had his poem, “Prisoners of Alcatraz”, published in current issue of “I^airie Wings,” a North Dakota poetoy journal. A few days later, he failed in the English placement test. What is his true standard ? Judging from his other acceptances, his latest literary success is not just blind luck. McKee, a promising athlete, quick-witted and fearless, must
take mh-En0»h nnlese he em tm* earth sati«ffying evidence that It wae all a mistake.
Fbnntain Co. Ags Meet The Purdue Ags of Fountain County will hold their Quarteidy meeting at the cabin in Veedersburg Hub Park on Monday evening at 6:30 o'clock.
Jeff, 19; Shortridge, 7 Jefferson high sehool defeated Shortridge, of Inidianapolis, in a football game here last night, 19-7.
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Don’t throw those neckties away because they are soiled and wrinkled . . . let us renew them for you.
10c
$1
EACH
PER DOZEN
This means quite a saving to you
Phone 3085
American Laundry
TONIGHT
drop in at the
C^tdl
ai4.M.ae
and enjoy the fireplace
BEFORE DURING AFTER
HE DANCE
Before, during, and after the dance .... relax and rest in comfort near the flickering flames of the fireplace*
Purdue Memorial lUnion . Corner of Campus . . . Center qf Acthnties I■ft
r-i
i:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P, EbershofF, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
For Sale—Chiffrobe (walnut finish) has place for clothes on one side and good drawer space on the other, ’10. Flat top desk, cost new $40, can hardly be told from new at a bargain. Moore’s Colonial Mai’ket, 220 No. 5th Street.
Lost—One billfold, bearing identification “N. W. Merrill, Stokley Brothers, Oakland, California and \ . Indianapolis, Indiana,” containing Transportation Cards now void to any holder. The finder may return anonymously to Box 226 of this paper, Reward.
Ask for Chamberlin Ice Cream. Special this week—Tutti Fruti & Vanilla.
Edw. J. Freeberg, Piano Tuner, Phones—36101, 4787.
Lost: Male red brown Irish setter, three months old. Reward: Phone 3282.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. nt.
Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and 22 will be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 103, Physics Bldg. —ABBOTT.
Ind-pendents—All interested in debating or Beveridge cup contest must see Don Housekeeper, phone 8009, as soon as possible. Indeiwndents entering Beveridge contest must sign up with him. —WHITE.
Basic Students—Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFOBD.
A. S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office. —WELDY.
Men’s Lockers—Men who have lockers in main locker room and are not using them please turn keys in to intramural office and receive your $2.00. —CLEVETT.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Genuine Service Lubricating - Washing LAFAYETTE MOTORS, INC. West Lafayette Branch 329 Northwestern Ave.
Gulf Gas
Phone 5355
Be Sure of Heat This Winter
$PERB...« Hardware Phone 2777 822 Main
Even the most discriminating dressers open their eyes to Crown Cleaning Service To [have a better personal appearance, use Crown Cleaning Service regularly
‘We got the moll to talk and now we can’t stop her!”
W. A. A. Archery—Schedule for practice, 6 o’clock. Ward IV, 6:46 Ward I, 7:30 WRH, 8:15 Ward III. October 19. —RITCHEY.
W. A. A.—^Hike Oct. 17, Leave Women’s Gym at 2 p. m. —DOBSON.
Eta Kappa Nu—Important business meeting Oct. 20 in room-l of the Union at 8 p. m. All actives please be present. —McEACHRON.
Freshman Swimming—^All candidates for freshman swimming, and water polo teams report in pool at 4:16 p. m. Oct. 20. —ALLEN.
Lafayette Hockey Club—There will he a game played Oct. 17, at 11 a. m. with the seniors. -BRADY.
W. A. A. Hiking—^Hike to cabin today at 2 o’clock. Candled apples. Meet at the Women’s Gym. —DOBSON.
Reamer Club—Important meeting October 19, at 8 p. m. in room F of Union. All actives and pledges are reauired to be present. —BUXTON.
Lutheran Students—Short organization meeting of Purdue Lutheran Students’ club Oct. 18 at 7 :30 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. —ANDRES.
Swimming and Polo—All varsity swimmers and water polo players report for practice Oct. 19, at 4 p. m. —LABREE.
W. A. A. Archery—Schedule for pracat 4 o’clock. —BOEHM.
P. 1. A. Boardm. in office.
-Meeting Oct. 19, at 7 p. —WIEN.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 25 at 8:30 a. m. —PITTMAN.
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL. Purdue Engineer—Following men report to 166 Littleton at 7:30 p. m. October 19: Applegard, Lowman,' Sittig, Bohn, Prechtre, Bradfleld, Skachinshe, Langohr. —GILBERT.
Maxwell Calls For Boxing Candidates; Veterans Return Coach Maxwell has issued a call for boxers. Men out for the 1937 Golden Gloves’ team, and all others interested in boxing are requested to report to the south end of the gym Monday at 4:00 o’clock. Candidates are asked to wear old clothes, and be prepared for roadwork. Among the lighter men to be expected to try out again this year are Rose and Steelman, bantamweights, Markey, a flyweight, and
Mann, a featherweight. Dix, a lightweight, Giles, Louis and Lidgard, welterweights, Bacharech and Giovanni, middleweights, are expected to be back again to provide tough competition for the golden gloves aspirants in the middle sizes. Burke, a light heavy, and Record, a heavy, are the men to push the leather with the heavier class.
Await Scores For WAA Archery Meet Scores will be announced next week for the Purdue-Indiana W. A. A. Intercollegiate telegraphic archery meet. The University team who played off the final matches yesterday at four o’clock is composed of Irene Boehm, Mary Lee Hickman, Esther Holtman and Mary Hudson.
B AND B rive back to WRH after a date her exclamation would be that she hardly could wait to be in the arms of her man again . . . there seems to be a DU pledge at our rival collich, Indiana, who claims to have a 54 life size picture of MARY ED JOHNSTON—^what does her newly acquired red-headed Phi Delt pledge have to say or is he in the position to do any saying ???...
BEAT CHICAGO
MARS CONTEST MARS Any kind of dirt—^all kinds of dirt—authentic dirt — win MARS doable passes by. just turning in the best dirt for the week at the EXPONENT box at the UNION desk ■—sign some sort of a monicker . .. BEAT CHICAGO
l^ad any statement about Chesterfield cigarettes We tell you what they are made of—mild, ripe tobacco$. We tell you that we use ou Chesterfield pure cigarette paper. We tell you that Chesterfields are carefully manufactured. We suggest that you try Chesterfields and find out how mild they are and what a pleasing taste and aroma they have. A great muny cigarette smokers will tell you that Chesterfields satisfy-^ give them what they want in a cigarette, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
01936. Liggbtt Ac Mvsis Tobacco Co.