t / ^ f V" ’T'' J i./'f^-'i ^-r / ^ *‘'J ‘'‘' j ^ '’« * ^ A-^ ^ " ’' '^y -i^^i}^ i. ^ M hf 'V '" ^ i.'^'' f ^ V ■f ^'^-1 f J ,'' 41 J '^ ^^ !!. ^ ^ ’’'ts ^ ^ J' ^ ^ ^■' J ’ ^ f
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
SATURDAY
April 22, 1939
Lafayette, Ladiona
Vol.50
Mikado Complete Sellout For Second Performance - Performing before a sellout audience last night, the second 'Showing of the 1939 Varsity Show, “The Mikado,” proved to be an even bigger hit than on its opening night. Marvin Smith, promising young tenor, and Martha Whitehead turned in fine performances in the lead roles. In the supporting cast, Jim Ashton, as Ko-Ko, and Donald Pyke, |\| 1 A I W as Pooh-Bah, kept the crowd roll- Ull| AlillAffiC KAYS' ing with laughter with their deter- ■ mined efforts to make their ques- ■ g || AI tionable activities look legal. vtlICCrS Ail Arsene Summers, as Katisha, the none-too-beautiful bride-elect of D9NM||a| I acf klinllf Nanki-Pooh, played the part of the |/y|||||JI#l LClill IllyIII disappointed lover excellently, get- , „ , ^ ^ , ting her man ultimately anyway, annual Purdue Indef)endwhen Ko-Ko, the scheming villain, Association banquet held m the turned over a new leaf and proposed faculty lounge last night, gold, sil- , ver, and bronze keys were awarded . » , to the men and women who had Reserved seats for tonight s per- ^^^^^ibuted to the advancement of formance may be ^btamed after ^ l:30p.nLtodaymthePlayshopoffices m Fowler Hall, or by calling ^2g9 Board members with over two years service received gold keys; _ . , ^ I one year board members, office Dfiof'IS Cl3l1l@r3 LklllU workers, and the social committee were awarded silver keys; and sophlil'll f f1lL> i omore two year workers received Will Sponsor ■ HOlO bronze keys. Don Leckie, ’42, re- ™ ceived the Lamb Trophy for being Inclril/'llgin ^mirCA the freshman who had advanced the inSirilCIIOn vHUrSv farthest in activities during the course of one year. Under the combined sponsorship mu • i i uu „ _ , . , „ , n,. The principal speaker of the eveof Debris and Camera Club, weekly . ^ ^ / r. i • j. ■■ i. j.- „ •„ 11 ning was Judge Lynn Parkinson of meetings to offer instruction in all ^ . j j u , ^ u i. u -11 u Lafayette. He addressed members types of photography will begin on , , i u n Tuesday eveuing at 7:30 in the Me- J”®*" y'® “ morial Uuion and continue for four ‘''® ““ “<> 7““ , mu 4.-. „.;n cerning civic life. Board members weeks. The meeting room will be ^ , . 1 . for next year were also announced. announced at a later date. The meetings will serve a dual ^ , C # X purpose, to offer instruction to the V#OITlfTlf ClG© ^GlGClS beginners in all types of photography, and to train *eshmen and oth- PfODGr PrOIW AttltG ers who will be on the Debris photo • staff next year. Proper dress for the 1939 Junior Instruction will be given by rep- Prom was settled at a committee resentatives of the Debris and Cam- meeting held yesterday afternoon, era Club and professional photo- “Proper dress will consist of white graphers from off the campus. Both coats and dark trousers,” announced miniature and full size picture tak- publicity chairman Ralph Reiley. ing is to be discussed beginning Students will not be excluded with the picture taking and follow- from the dance because of the lack ing through the developing process, of strictly summer formal attire. However, white coat, dark trousers, nsJiMM Ta DwaaLIaxI dress shirt, maroon or black tie, and Kfdlliy LIUD lO Dr63Kf3St black shoes will be most proper. Active members of the Purdue llj.ll ii Riding Club, will go on a breakfast M6r6ditll CIUD Will HCSr ride tomorrow morning at 7:30, '’s'abSrit:* Z Malian Exchange Student ride. At 9:30, Irvin Summers will Franca Matricardi, Italian exconduct an hour and a half horse- change student, will compare Italmanship class for riding club mem- American life, and college bers. The price of instruction is 75 before the Virginia C. Meredith Club meeting on Wednesday April 26, at 4 p. m. in the Home Mixer BuliGtin Economics auditorium. Other business of the meeting will include the Time 9 to 12 annual election of club officers. Place Union Ballroom Miss Marticardi studied engineerDownbeat Dean Hudson ing at the University of Rome for Price $1.00 five years before coming to Purdue.
Tonight. ♦ ♦
Riveters Will Face Chicago In Doubleheader Today
Hickman To Speak At Joint Meeting Of AChS Tonight
Martha Lommel ♦. ♦
Jo Friend.. .and...
Darlene Mahns... . , . will share the spotlight tonight as featured songstresses for four campus spring dances. Martha Lommel with Harry McCrady’s orchestra are playing for the Delta Chi spring formal, Jo Friend, Bill Martin and his campus band wil swing and sway for the Theta’s and dates; and Darlene Mahns will sing for the Tau Epsilon Phi’s with Irvan Maury’s band.
About 100 guests are expected to convene on the campus today for a joint meeting of the Indiana and Purdue sections of the American Chemical Society, according to Prof. E. E. Degering, of the chemical department. A full program of entertainment, including inspection of the campus and laboratories, golf, and attendance at the Purdue-Chicago baseball game is planned for the visitors this afternoon. Main Speaker Principal speaker at the gathering will be Dr, K. Hickman, of the Eastman Kodak Company, who will talk on “The High Vacuum Distillation of Natural Oils.” He will talk at 7 o’clock, following dinner in the faculty lounge. Guests and members of the Purdue section are invited to attend the lecture regardless of whether they attend the dinner. Dinner tickets may be secured at the registration desk in the Union lobby for 75 cents. At a special meeting for ladies. Prof. R. N. Shreve, of the school of chemical engineering, will discuss “Gems,” at the same time that Dr. Hickman is giving his technical lecture. Prof. Shreve will illustrate his talk with specimens of synthetic and natural gems. The lectures will be followed by dancing in the faculty lounge, to the music of Glen Wright’s orchestra. Tables will be available in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union for those who do not care to dance. Following is a program for the day. 1-6 p. m,—Registration, Memorial Union lobby. 1-4 p. m.—^Inspection of campus and laboratories. Guides will be available at registration desk. 1:30 p, m.—Golf, West Lafayette Country Club. 1 p. m.—Baseball, Chicago vs. Purdue at Ross-Ade Field. 3 p. m.—Entertainment for ladies faculty lounge. 6-12 p. m.—Dinner-dance, faculty lounge of Union, Information and directions may be obtained at the registration desk.
Boilermakers Will Attempt To Open Home Season Against Veteran Maroon Squad Despite Weather Thwarted by rain in their first attempt to open the Big Ten home season yesterday, the Purdue baseball squad will engage a veteran troupe of Chicago Maroons here in a doubleheader starting at 1:30 o’clock today. Victorious in their first Big Ten encounter with Iowa at Iowa City Tuesday, the Boilermakers will present a Big Ten title contender to Riveter baseball fans.
Activities Bureau To Elect Two Seniors; Six Juniors Today Activities Bureau will hold its first election today for the selection of two senior offices and six junior ■managers. The Activities Bureau was started early this year to act in an advisory capacity for freshmen interested in activities and to assist in new student orientation. Principal originator of the idea and present executive is Leon Jacobson. Interviews will be conducted before an electoral board ot senior activity leaders beginning at 1 o’clock in the Activities Bureau office on the second floor of the Union. Elections will follow immediately after the interviews and next year’s officers will be announced around 4:00 and in tomorrow’s Exponent. Electoral board is composed of the two senior officers, Leon Jacobson and Frankie Eastburn, and eight campus leaders: L. Hardin, F. Winter, G. Elliott, T. Cabonargi, F. Ahrens, M. A. Learning, D. Wells, and P, Worcester. Newly elected officers will take over their positions immediately, and start plans for assisting in the freshman orientation for next year. Charm School Will Meet Thursday At 4 Charm school members will convene again, Thursday, April 27, to receive advice on selecting clothes to suit the personality, and the choosing of suitable accessories. Miss Elizabeth Patrick, fashion director of Ayres Department Store in Indianapolis, will speak. The meeting, which will be at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge, is another in the regular Charm school series to be sponsored jointly by WSGA and YWCA.
Coach Dutch Fehring indicated that he would start Bob Bailey, outstanding sophomore who held Iowa to three hits last Tuesday, in the first half of today’s doubleheader. Either Homer Warner or Dick Wargo will pitch for the Riveters in the second game. Arnold Bredewater, veteran pitching ace, whose arm is a questionable quantity, will not enter the game except as a relief hurler. The Maroon nine, which split even with the Purdue club last year, will be a veteran combination led by sophomore southpaw Lopatka, lone untried player on the nine. Chicago is expected to offer serious opposition to the Purdue title hopes* Coach Fehring said. Bob Resmolds will be Chicago’s second hurler. Cleanup position in the Purdue lineup will be held by Felix Mackiewicz, veteran third baseman. Mackiewicz batted 1.000 against Iowa when he pounded out two singles and was walked twice. Purdue’s infielders had their pregame practice in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Pitching and bunting practice by team members completed their practice. The probable batting lineup for the games will be:
Purdue
Dickinson, cf
Dean, rf
Lyboult, 2b Mackiewicz, 3b Smithson, lb Thompson, ss
Kurtz, If
Bredewater, c Bailey, p 1st game Warner or Wargo
Chicago Klass, ss
Calogeratos, 2b
Meyer, lb Gramer, cf
McCracken, 3b
‘ Levit, c Feeney, if Lopatka, If Reynolds, p
2nd Lopatka
Alpha Kappa Lambda... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Bob Duncan, Kokomo, and John North, Richmond. Fatally Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, April 24, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. —ELLIOTT.
Prof. Robbins Advocates Variety, Finals In Math Courses
^ “Variety is the spice of life,” says Prof. C. K. Robbins of the mathematics department. “My students never know what’s going to happen when they step in the classroom. If they have that blank look on their faces, I usually attempt to dispel the gloom by doing most of the talking myself. He tries to plan each recitation to fit the lesson and also the student; but sometimes the fit is far from perfect. Harvard Gjrad Robbins decided he wanted to teach math when he was a jupior ^ in Hobart College, Geneva, N. Y,,’ back about 1908-09. He graduated in 1910, taught two years, then took V his master’s degree at Harvard in 1913. As an initiation into the profession he taught one year in the / Argyle, N. Y., high school, where he was everything from principal to Latin and physics instructor. His ^ class in Cicero was an even fight because it claimed only one student. When he says that finals are a good thing, it means something be-
cause he has taught under both systems. He’s heartily in favor of the final exam especially in such cumulative courses as math because it keeps the student’s interest up throughout the semester. “When the student knows he won’t be held for past work it’s only human nature for him to forget it as soon as he passes the exam covering it.” Learn By Reviewing Many of Bobbin’s student have voiced the opinion, after the smoke from finals had cleared away, that they learned as much or more about the course through reviewing for the examination as they did during the semester. They get more of a perspective on the course by viewing it compositely than by taking it in little bits throughout the semester. ^‘Some students mistake the word “passed” for “past” in referring to tests.” Many courses such as shop can be conducted with equal success without a final exam. Robbins’ students really have to
fight for an ‘H’ in his courses. To be eligible for this top grade they must have earned a reasonable sprinkling of ‘H’s’ on the semester’s tests. To receive an ‘H’ on the tests he must turn in a good performance on a special problem, the highest grade possible on a regular test being an ‘A’, This special problem is given at the same time as the regular tests but must be preceded by an ‘A’ or better on the foregoing exam. These “H exams” are supercomprehensive and test the student’s understanding of the material covered rather than his ability to follow a simple form such as substitution in an equation. Blames Lack of Study “One sure way to beat the game is to get each lesson each day,” says Robbins. “The biggest contributing factor to student delinquency is lack of study.” He believes that the place for a student to learn is at home, thinking the
lesson through for himself.' He uses the class recitation period to clear up topics in question and to give the teacher a chance to form an opinion of the student. “Class recitation is the place to exchange ideas and methods of solution with fellow students and the instructor.” He’s had enough children of his own in college to rank him as an authority on study and methods of learning. Robbins believes that. Other things being favorable, IF every student would STUDY CONSISTENTLY, D E LIN Q U ENCY WOULD DROP TOWARD THE VANISHING POINT. Trouble with this plan is that it’s never been tried.” He adds, naturally, that there may be many contributing causes to lack of study. Outdoor Man Robbins’ recipe for a teacher’s summer activity is, “Pick up a tent, some books, and start out... meet lota of different people and get their viewpoints on current topics.”
He tried teaching summer school two or three times and came through the following year without any ill effects, but he believes that instructors should take advantage of the summer vacation to freshen up and get away from the classroom for awhile. “You don’t have to be educated to be intelligent,” Robbins believes but adds that everyone should have a chance to see if he is college material. Just because the student is not geared to the college speed does
Good Teaching*** . . . and the personalities of those at Purdue who possess this art will receive recogpiition in the series of articles being published in these columns. This is the fifth of the
not make him hopeless. There are thousands of jobs that require lev-el-headed intelligence but not necessarily a college education. Students Improving Concerning the condition of the University, Robbins said, “I don’t agree with the opinion of some of the “older” members of the facultjf that the student quality is declining.” Then he added facetiously, “I am getting younger every day, Everytime I lose a hair I subtract a year from my age.” Then seriously speaking, “I believe that student attitude toward Hmir work is on the up-grade.” He refuses to put any stock in the thought of “student-teacher animosity.” Reminiscing on the time when he first came to Purdue he added, wasn’t the fashion to study In frutemities then. Anyone that needed to study to pass a course wasn’t considered good fraternity material,”’■ f, >4
im
£diichiaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J>oahihoA.
Soturday, April 22< 1939
/f\
ft
'Mikado' Success... . . . has been voiced in every comer of the campus since its opening in Fowler Hall Thursday night. We would like to add our orchid to the bouquet. Last night^s perfo^ance was even an improvement over opening night. The cast had that self-confident feeling which goes to make up a smooth allaround show. Any student organization that has enough drive to organize itself, select its board of control, draft an excellent cast, and stage a show such as the current one, all in eight weeks, deserves a big hand from the entire student b(^y. The Varsity Show’s success seems to point to the fact that an organization of this kind can function as well, if not better, with a little student talent in the managerial positions rather than to have them all filled by faculty members. Development of initiative is a highly essential factor in any student’s education, and seeing a possibility to exert some here, students fought to the finish to retrieve the Varsity Show management from the depths of complete faculty domination. All we can say is . . . hats off to the “Mikado” cast and board for a super production and may it happen again next year.—R. E. I. A Victimized Student... . . . sent us this letter and plea for action several days ago: “Last night, for the second time in 30 days, oui fraternity, Tau Epsilon Phi, was robbed Something has to be done about this Yes, we called up the police last time We called them up this time. So what*' Nothing was ever done about it. It is a pretty state of affairs where you have to take your wallet to bed with you. “Someone must have known that we are to have a dance this week-end and that there would be a lot of money around. I’m not making any accusations, except to the police department for their helplessness. “Every fraternity is wide open for a thief. Someone, perhaps tl^e school authorities themselves, perhaps the Intefeatermty President’s Council, must do something about this. I would appreciate a concerted action on the part of the students and the Exponent.” GENE WEISSMAN. P. S. “If the thief should read this, I and the other victims would appreciate the return of the wallets and the other contents which are useless to the thief.” and the other contents which are useless to the thief.” You’re right. Gene, something certainly should be done about the situation. Berating the police will not help, however. You yourself have mentioned their helplessness, and we believe that it is really helplessness and not incompetence. Every chapter, as you say, is wide open as an invitation to petty thieves. Most of the robberies that do occur seem to be the work of amateurs. An organized gang might take over every house on the campus in a single night. One thing a fraternity may do to protect itself is to procure a good watchdog. Those houses which have dogs seem to go unmolest-
the Purdue Eatponent Enteied u Meond dam matter at the poal office In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder tfia act of Congraia of Uaidi 8, 1879, and at tho ■pedal rata of poataga prodded for In ae^n 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorlaed January 20, 1021. F^ltehcd daily except Mondwr during flw regnlar academic year and wedcly dnring the Summer Seaslon. DeUrered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, maU anbaeriptloa $8.60.
Editor-In-CMef. Business Manager
H. I. Stanhack R. R Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. 8. Bardin City Editor ». A. Bailey Aesociate Editora G. W. Frederick, K. O. Houston, B. B. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. O. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—K Ahlf, K Beer, E DeHoog, K Donahue, P Ganzar, D. Heiple, E Howard, O Leber, E Massey, J McKee, 0 McKeighan, M Miers, M. Patterson, E Taylor, K Thompson, J. WiUsey, A.
Yates
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant BnslnMs Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager Sales Manager National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager Art Director
M. C. Beevea ES. M. Antonlnl W. P. Berg
ZIZh.
W. E. Smith D. J. Henninger
Editor Associate Editors-
Editor„
Associate Xklitors
CO-ED STAFF
, Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, BetW Wickard
SPOBTS STAFF
_ K. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, E. Jenkins, R. J. Deokard
EDITOKIAL OFFICE
Boom D, Memorial Union Bnilding, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4008, ask for Exiionent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
818 North Fifth Street, Lafayette. Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Fnrdne Fieldhonse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Ptone 8798
REPRBaKNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representattve AZO Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAQO BOSTOn Los AEOKLES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. Ail opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Unlvenity viewpoint. AU unsigned editorials are written by the edttar-ln-chlef. Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—WiUsey Saturday, April 2i, 1939
ed. Another plan that might be put into effect is the fraternity policeman scheme. We outlined that plan several weeks ago in an editorial, and pointed out that it has had very good success on the Ohio State campus. Not long ago we read in a popular magazine how a husband invented a simple combination lock to allay the fears of his nervous wife. The lock consisted of an outside panel with a series of push buttons. If the buttons were pushed in proper sequence an electrical circuit unlocked the door. A wrong sequence, however, would ring an alarm bell. It seems to be impractical to lock fraternity houses with ordinary locks because the members are always forgetting their keys. An electrical lock like this, however, would eliminate this need for keys. We should think some mechanically minded engineer on the campus could make a little extra cash by designing and building some electrical combination locks for fraternity doors. To make the house burglar-proof then would only require that the combination be changed once a month, that a pledge be required to lock other doors and windows, and that the alarm bell ring in the dorm.
Him and Her
By Georgann Schilling
Yesterday was Friday, and we hear they’re still serving salmon in the dorms! Seems impractical what with goldfish so cheap, and their consumption so common Anyhow, now it’s Saturday which means it’s play night for a number of kiddies. —H-H— Bill Fryer and his band from Valparaiso are to play for the Phi Delta Theta spring formal tonight at the chapter house Girls will be given brown suede zipper bags similar to the white leather favors given at this year’s Union formal. Lafayette Country Club will be the scene of the Theta Tau formal which is also scheduled for tonight —H-H— Irvan Maury’s band will play in Duncan Hall tonight for the Tau Epsilon Phi winter formal, while the Thetas dance to the strains of Bill Martin’s band Over at the Delta Chi house Harry McCrady’s boys will swing out at the fraternity’s spring formal It’s going to be something different, this sight of white coats peeping out from under overcoats at all of tonight’s scheduled spiing dances You just can’t trust that weatherman —H-H— Not that anyone gives two whoops or an empty bottle what we think, but we do believe you too will like this year’s Varsity Show, “The Mikado.” The show presents some super singing talent, smooth dancing by the Pony Chorus and several special solo dancers and some grand
Putterers To Exhibit Work In Music Room Puttering room workers will display their handicraft in the music loom beginning today and lasting throughout the week. Pen and ink sketches, charcoal drawings, pastels, water colors and oils as well as stone, wood, and soap carvings, metal and leather working, and linoleum block prints are included in the exhibit. Although the puttering loom has only been open since February 16, 100 pieces of work are to be shown Drawings and models which will not be able to be included in the music room exhibit due to lack of space will be on display in the tower room puttering shop. Former Student' Marries Announcement was received here recently by Dean H E Enders, Science school head, of the marriage February 11, of Arthur Bernhard, Sci ’34, to Miss Theresa Sorgi of New York City. Bernhard was recently promoted to the position of assistant engineer in the power department of the New York Central Railroad m New York City.
character role interpretations Jim Ashton and Donald Pyke steal all the honors as laugh-getters The Misters Gilbert and Sullivan seemed to have real genius in the art of word play. —H-H— FAMOUS BIT OF ADVICE: If you’re caught in hot water, be nonchalant. Take a bath,
THE BXOra'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lfciiky
Four invigorating new books have been added recently to the shelves of the Browsing Room— books new in issue and style alike Pei haps the most passionate drama IS the work of that genius author of “Mice and Men,” John Steinbeck “The Grapes of Wrath” is a sweeiimg, universal, timeless story of “people of the earth whose heloic history has no known beginning and no conceivable end.” It IS America today presented frankly and with powerful desciiptions inspiimg awe and admiration, consideration, and thought on the part of the reader. In contrast there is “Autobiography with Letters,” full flavored with extraordinary personality Here William Lyon Phelps, with his genius for friendship and living, folds many lives into one and with infectious enthusiasm includes portraits of other famous writers. Winner of a Nobel prize in literature, “The Thibaults,” is a French translation of a superb novel of the nation-building type of middle class French family Fiom the adolescence of two sons to the death of their father, Roger Martin DuGard has mastered characters into a realistic drama of the fine virtues and vital intere'fet “Bach to the Othei,” by Christopher La Faige, is an episodic life story of one Thomas Cattrell. Here is a new step in narrative verse style with dramatic zest successfully effective upon the reader who lives every minute of the 75 episodes of fascinating relationships.
PHONE 7903
MAT. TODAY 3 P. M. TONIGHT 8:30 THE DRAMATIC EVENT
OF THE YEAR
TOBACCO ROAD
with.
JOI^N BARTON SEATS STILL AVAILABLEI NIGHT: $1.65, $1.10, 83c MAT: $1.10, 83c, 55c (All Taxes Included)
With Chi 0 DIEHL wearing Phi Sig ELKIN’S pm, another fair dancer has gone out of circulation, but for goodness sakes GINNY put that Delta Triton guard pin somewhere else, any more Phi Sig jewelry and you’ll be a member of the Ag Annex Have you heard about the freshman who was terribly disappointed in the convo the other night? He thought that the UNCENSORED foreign movies were to include the Hedy LaMarr “Ecstasy” picture; just another engineer reading propaganda and pre-movie stories without the aid of a slip stick. BLARNEY IS JUST LIKE THE PI K. A.’s He’s always hungry. Always yappin’ Great big ears Are always flapp’n Always yapp’n At the moon. Treats every co-ed Like a goon. Slightly screwy. Full of hooey. But we love him And we do mean BLARNEY’S
We hear that Alphaki’s M. L. RILEY and ELEANOR SMITH are taking freshman bowling for the second time to get better grades than the rest of the class. Don’t let instructor Miss CASE get wise, gMs, you’ll be tak’n it the third time.
Wasn’t this column rotten this morning, we thought so too, but the contribs were a slight zero; so what do you expect. After all we aren’t engaged in playing with the top soil all of the time . . HELP'
A co-ed’s kiss is the original school girl’s confection, sweet and sticky. We can’t get around to all of the doit that happens on this kampus, so we depend on the catty ones We know the sororities vie something awful for B and B publicity, and the frats don’t do bad either when it comes to mud slinging; so let’s begin a new campaign for more and better dirt. The only trouble with writing harmless dirt about people on this kampus is the Boilermaker’s inability to “take it ” You big mob of sissies'
It isn’t often we get the lowdown on a real big shot, but last night was the exception: FLASH—According to high officials in PIA “Young Blade” Dave Ross, trustee board chairman, was seen crashing the Independent’s Spring Formal last night accompanied by the wife of personnel director and ex-Union president Jack Walters.
A sucker is a fish. A fish hves in water. Water is what is in the water wagon. The poor fish who goes on the water wagon is no sucker'
FAMOUS LAST LINE Eeny meeney, miney mo How much further Can I go?
‘Our new house is no great shakes—but we’ve got a much better party line now!”
Newfflan Club Conference To Open Friday, April 28 With the University Newman Club acting as host, the Ohio Valley Province of the National Newman Federation Conference will hold their 13th annual convention in the Umon Building from April 28 to 30. The official session will open at 7 80, April 28, with a meeting of the regular delegates to elect their officers for the next morning. A semi-formal banquet will be held Saturday night at 6 p m. in the Union ballroom at which Rev Vincent Mooney will be principal speaker President Elliott and Mai Elward will also attend. This banquet will be open to all Cc^fcholic students. Following the banquet, a luPa — LAST DAY —
—wiST— AKIM TAMIROFF — PLUS — BOB BAKER — in — SUBMARINE PATROL
SUNDAY-MONDAY
mmn
umiuiid — LAST DAY —
STARTS TOMORROW
dance will be held at Lincoln Lodge with music furnished by Harry McCrady and his campus band.
WBAA
“THC VOICE OP PURDUE"
—Today— , 11:00—Just Kids. 11 15—Carolyn Wood, soprano 11 ‘30—^High School Guest Program 12 00—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12.16—The Woman Shopper 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time f 12‘46—Market Reports. I'OO—^Radio Stage 1 30—^Baseball Broadcast, Chicago vs. Purdue. ''
ARC
LAST DAY
, RMLTO POOUUCT
TiswPnnn
OAKHAM LAPiONT
— and —
Mkay SUTTOM
ALSO "FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS" SUNDAY-MONDAY "BLACK BANDIT" YOUNG DR. KILDARE
MaiU
NOW SHOWING MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
Fradaiideinsariiitliiir first dramitieramince -tiistnis-tlfistorisf the world's most famous dancers!
Also DONALD DUCK CARTOONSaturday^ April 22, ld39
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Track Team Faces Wayne Today Riveter Tennis Squad Defeats Wabash •"'t'al Home
Meet Minus Coach Phillips
Racqueteers Take Two Singles, Two Doubles Matches To Trounce Little Giants Team, 4-0 / Showing improvement gained by Wednesday’s match and an extra day’s practice, the Purdue tennis team trounced Wabash four matches to none in the meet held on the new court in the Fieldhouse yesterday. " ' '■
Alexander Shows Well George Alexander got the Purdue forces off to a good start with a fine three set win over Beektel 3-6, 9-7, 6-3 in the first singles contest of the day. Alexander’s smashing overhead and consistent service proved too much for the Little Giant racqueteer in the hour and a half match. Dave Blitz and Jim Hebbeler followed this conquest with a comparatively easy 6-1, 6-2 victory over Elliott and Ryverson in the initial doubles encounter, but Herb Fuente ran into more competition in his singles match which ranked the number one position. Fuente took his match in straight sets, 6-3, 6-2, but the long drawn out points and games served to make the tilt close throughout. Close Doubles The most interesting and closely contested match of the day was the final doubles encounter between Charles Mann and Alexander for Purdue, and Wall and Mayberry for Wabash. The Little Giant pair ran through the first set 6-3, but the Boilermaker duo captured the second 7-6. Wabash then went out in front 5-0 in the third set before Mann and Alexander settled down to run off seven straight games for the set and match, giving Purdue a clean sweep for the day. The scheduled third singles tilt was not played because of the already unbeatable Purdue margin of four matches and lateness of the finish of the doubles.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Riveter Linksmen Will Meet Indiana Today In Big Ten Match At Bloomington Purdue’s golfers engage in their first Big Ten match today at Bloomington against Indiana’s link squad. Led by Captain John David, the golfers, four strong, left at 1 o’clock yesterday, accompanied by Prof. G. A. Young. David Looks Good David is the only senior on the squad, which is comprised of Tom Marshall, sophomore, Fred Tulley, junior, and Bob McKenzie, sophomore. Coach Allspaw stated yesterday that “John David looks a couple of strokes better than last year” and expressed the opinion that both untried squads would be evenly matched. Both squads are making their debut into Big Ten golf competition. Indiana’s linksmen have played in the French Licks tournament, and have engaged several small schools in golfing combat. Purdue’s squad, rained out of all but one day of practice in the last eleven, hasn’t competed against any opponents of any calibre and are therefore, of “unknown calibre,” Coach Allspaw said. Freshman Call Soon Eliminations to determine finalists for the entries in the coming Michigan meet will be held next week. Freshman golfers for the Purdue squad will be called out for practice this coming week.
Greek Bowling Finalists Fight For Crown Monday Surviving a hotly contested playoff tournament, four teams have reached the finals in the inter-fra-ternity bowling championships. They are Kappa Sigma, Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Nu, and Theta Chi. The Kappa Sig’s 1,630 points establishes them as leading contenders for the title which will be decided Monday afternoon on the Union al-
leys.
All-Campus Tourneys Inaugurating the outdoor sports season, all-campus golf, tennis, and horseshoe tournaments will be run off, weather permitting, as soon as enough entries are in. Those desiring to compete should sign up on the bulletin board by the check-out window. An entry fee of 10 cents must be paid at the Intramural of-
fice.
Competition in the ward bowling tourney will begin this afternoon on the Union alleys. Gridders Hold Short Scrimmage In Rain Not to be entirely outdone by the rain the pigskin pushers held a short scrimmage last night before they were forced in by the mud and rain. Since the Riveters will compete among themselves during Gala Week in the intrasquad competition, the squad will be working double time from now on until the first week in May in order to polish off as many rough edges as possible. Tough competition is expected in deciding the berthholders for next season since several freshmen as well as members of last year’s reserves are really scrapping for top positions. Bill Combs, freshman end is turning in an excellent performance as well as the freshman guard, Tom Melton. Both of these freshmen are welcome in increasing the strength of next year’s line.
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH \ Use I THE Purdue Exponent CLASSIFIED SERVICE
Business Phone—5038
^JWJUJL
By Bruce Witwer
So many baseball games have been called off since the beginning of the season that one would think we were watching a bush league season in the tropics during the rainy season . . . Looking over the Big League results the earlier part of this week we were struck by the so-called results . . . they read— “Showers, showers, rain,” and so forth, the monotony was only broken in one place by snow . . . and this IS April . . . April showers may bring May flowers all right but they are plenty hard on budding sport’s schedules. ■—^fc— Steve Bacharach missed his calling last week out at San Francisco in his fistic fracas . . . Steve had a fractured knuckle when he went out there and that, combined with a slight physical letdown, proved his nemesis ... “Punchy” Maxwell said that he would have gone on to the finals if Fate hadn’t conspired against him. —^fc— From the looks of things today’s track meet with Wayne University ought to prove interesting, if they do have it ... so far spring track has been a paradox . . . chilly blasts sweeping across the stadium and rains prove anything but an incentive to get out and dash around getting in shape for the old alma mater.
tomorrow
tn the j
e6
Openings its outdoor season at home, the Boilermaker track squad will meet the well balanced Wayne University squad from Detroit in what is expected to be a close meet that won’t be de- " — ' cided until the final event. ^
The Riveter team will be without Coach Herman Phillips, who is confined at his home with a streptococcus infection and a severe case of influenza. Serving m his place will be freshman coach Howard Wilkening, who has turned out an unbeaten freshman team this year.
Bodeau Out
Boilermaker hopes will rest heavily on the same men who fared well against Michigan State in their last meet. From this group they will miss the efforts of Art Bodeau who is on an inspection trip this
week-end.
The main Boilermaker scoring hopes he within the group of Ed Holderman and “Torchy” Knapp in the middle distances and distance events; Steve Gutting in the hurdles; Forest Weber in the shot put and discus; Allen Shackleton and Steve Luther in the quarter-mile run; and the mile relay team. Field events will start promptly at 1 p. m. and the first track event, the mile run, will get under way at 1:30 in Ross-Ade Stadium. Besides being weakened through the loss of Coach Phillips and Captain Art Bodeau, the Boilermaker squad will be handicapped by lack of outdoor practice. Since their meet against Michigan State Spartans at East Lansing, Mich., the team has had but a few hours of outdoor drill because of the constant rainy weather and wet condition of the ground.
METHODIST STUDENTS 9:30—Sunday school at the Wesley Foundation, co-eds invited. Rev. McFadden will teach the Men’s Student class at the West Lafayette Church. 10:40—Dr. Steele will deliver sermon on “The Imperishable Mes-
sage.”
5:00—All students invited to the fellowship supper, cost 15cj 6:30—Epworth League at the West Lafayette M. E. Church. Panel book review of “The Church,” by George Stewart, presented by William Harris, Edward Brown, Jane Fairbanks, and Julia Peek.
WAA News
On A^pril 29 and 30 there will be an overnight trip to the Indiana Dunes sponsored by WAA to get its members better acquainted with girls from other schools. Invitations have been sent to the University of Chicago, Northwestern, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa, Mundelein, Michigan, and Minnesota. Girls wishing to take this trip must have written permission from their parents and a 3.5 average. The charge will be 26 cents for lodging plus the bus fare of 60 cents to $1.00. Girls are requested to bring blankets and warm clothes.
THE ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB
of
The West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30—Class. C. E. Dammon teacher 10:35—Sermon by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, “The Eternal Query—What is the Truth?” 5:30—Roger Williams Club Social Hour with lunch at 6 p. m. 6:30—Discussion Hour. Prof. A. A. Smith will speak on “The College Student and Religion.” 7:30—Klondike high school seniors Baccalaureate services. Subject of sermon, “The Call of the Upper Road.”
PRESBYTERIAN AND CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church of Lafayette. 9’30—Dr. M. G. Mellon will give the second of a series of talks on “Science and the Good Life.” Dr. Mellon will present the subject from the viewpoint of Chemistry. 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon by the pastor. Dr. W. R. Graham. Evening program at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz Street. 6:30—^Worship Service. 6:00—Supper. 6:45—Student Forum.
here...
'W/
Aiii*
Any Item In our entire line of FhANCES Db^ney Preparations may be purdiased ot this reduced price. Make
your purchase today.
LOEB &HCNC COMPANY
23 Freshman Co-eds Eligible For Honorary Pledging services will be held by Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshmen women, Thursday, April 27, at 7:30 p.m. in rooms one and two of the Union, according to Joyce Burnham, president of the ox’ganization. All junior and senior girls who have been members are cordially invited to attend. The girls eligible for pledging are: Gertrude Arnold, Opal Blagrac, Janet Bourne, Cornelia Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Ruth Collings, Peggy Davis, Patricia Flint, Marybelle Halstead, Mary Irwin, Florence Justin, Barbara Lommen, Agnes McCulloch, Betty Morris, Edna Nottingham, Virginia Sommer, Helen Stallings, Bonnie Swope, Enid Pierce Thomas, Eleanor Vansickle, Betty Wilkinson, Mary Ellen Wirt. Rural leadership School Scheduled For June 19-24 The 11th annual Rural Leadership School will be held at the University June 19-24, Prof, O. F. Hall, director, announced yesterday. The school is in the nature of two short courses, one for mature leaders, and the other for rural youth. Purpose of the school is to provide timely information and guidance designed to strengthen leadership efforts in the rural communities.
Jl\ the
DWERS
=—SEEDSJOHH SPERB, Hdw.
lU MAIN tr.
PKONiim
f jrii
"I^[oad, OjAa, Two Co-ed Chemicals Refused Admittance At Four Plants On Recent Inspection Tour
THE POBDOE EXPONENT
^yiojtlcM,
By Fairie Totten Are women really a jmx on factories or do men just resent thenbeing there ? At finy rate two Purdue co-eds, Ellen Carter and Peggy Gran, junior chemical engineers, were refused admittance to four of the eastern factories on the recent inspection trip taken by the junior chemicals. “We have taken girls on inspection trips to Detroit and Michigan and on other middle-western trips before, but this was the first time ve ever met with anything like this,” said Dr. Lovell of the chemical engineering depaitment, who was in charge of making all arrangements for the trip. The first time the guls met the rebuff vas at the Dupont plant in Belle, West Virginia. Howevei’, as
By Joy Johnson Tomato Juice : : : . . . the well known “morning after” antidote, has really come into its own as an endurance food. E. C. Callaway, Oregon State biochemist, has been conducting experiments with Beavei team members, and has found that a strong alkaline reserve in the body will .clip several seconds from the time of distance runners and swimmers, and will delay serious fatigue in basketball, football and lowing by 10 to 20 per cent. So with a diet including lots of tomato juice and orange juice, supplemented with certain chemical alkalies, Oregon State athletes are prepared to “do foi dear old Alma Mater” vithout dying of fatigue. —C— “Do’s and Don’ts . . . . . . for Dames on Dates” made up by Augustana College eds, is the latest pronouncement on how co-eds should act on dates. This time the fellows leally may have something. 1. Don’t keep your date waiting. Be prompt. 2. Don’t try to make too good an impression the first night. 3. Don’t be a walking cosmetic counter. 4. Don’t ponder over the menu for half an hour and then eat only a small portion of your order. 5. Don’t eat too much. The boy wants to go to school four years too. 6. Don’t try to attract the attention of other fellows while on a date. 7. Don’t retouch make-up in public. 8. Do something to show your appreciation. 9. Do something to overcome the desire to be sophisticated and glamorous. Be natural. 10. Do your education justice by keeping the conversation interesting. 11. Do your part in this dating business by at least presenting the opportunity for our asking you. 12. Do your best to converse and mix with us. 13. Do your share in supporting sports event?. 14. Do believe us when we say looks aren’t everything. 15. Don’t each of you take these suggestions to heart. We believe many of you are doing all right— but there is always room for improvement. —C— For Sale . . . ... a college, cheap. Inquire within, or to your own broker. It’s not quite as badly stated as that, but every year between 40 and 50 colleges go on the rocks and are offered for sale. Here’s a swell opportunity for education students to buy a laboratory to try out any pet educational schemes. —C— Pigs is Pigs ... ... so they say, but at Luther College pigs are going to turn into an endowment fund. To gather funds for the building of a new women’s dorm, the college is asking its farmer friends to donate a young pig to the cause. The farmer will then raise the hog himself and in the fall present the grown hog or its equivalent in cash to the college. They know how to get what they want out there where the tall com grows.
a compensation for their not being allowed in the plants, they were taken on a trip up a nearby mountain where they had an excellent view of the plant. They were also taken on an inspection trip through the research laboratories, neither of which trips were enjoyed ^y the boys. In New Jersey they were again refused admittance to another DuPont plant, the National Analyst, and the Standard Oil plants; but here again they found diversion m a shopping trip into New York City. It is a New Jersey state law that women shall not enter certain types of factories. The authorities’ opinion was that since the floors of the plant are made of steel grating it would be dangerous for women to walk on them with high heels. At the Dupont plant in Wilmington, Dela., just outside the New Jersey state line, women employes of the firm have marked pathways on which they are to come and go to work.
When Dr. Lovell was asked just what the possibilities were of placing women graduating in chemical engineering, he replied, “There is some demand for technically trained librarians, and there are even some companies which prefer girls for specialized laboratory jobs.” “However,” he said, “most companies oppose employment of women in factories, primarily because they have never tried it before.”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
servatory of Music in Chicago. Awarded first prize, Maurice B. Sax Amateur Hour. 10 S. 26th. Ph. 26643.
PAPER cleaning, wall washing, painting. Phone 71864 or 46922. GLASS—^For autos, desks, dressers, furniture. Mirrors. Wauthier’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949.
LOST AND FOUND WILL person taking the wrong coat from Union Grill Wednesday night call Qualls, 506B
Ag. Chem. Inspection Trip: Letters for petition should be signed before Tuesday, April 26. Letters may be found either with me or in Dr. Selling’s office. —HARPER.
Fencing Club: All girls interested in organizing a fencing club meet in the Women’s Gym Tuesday, April 25, at 4 p. m. —STICKLER.
ELGIN watch and books misplaced at Foige Shop No questions asked. Reward $10 00. Phone 61674.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Man’s tuxedo, size 38. Excellent condition Phone 2606.
Freshman Engineers: All those emoiled in G. E. 2 report at 8 a. m Saturday, April 22, as follows: A-E, room 129, Electrical Engineering Building; F-K, lecture room. Civil Building; L-R, lecture room, Michael Golden Shops; S-Z, room 264, Electrical Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
Saturday, April 22, 1939
Flying Cadet Applicants: The Air Corps Board will be here for physical examinations on Monday, April 24, for all applicants for Flying Cadets. The board will not be here at any later date this year. ■I —MORSE. WAA Tennis: Please sign Up lOr Intramural, class, and student-faculty tennis tournaments in the Women’s Gym, by Monday, April 24. —MATHER. Bridge Tournament: Tournament will be next Wednesday, April 26, not today. —WILLIAMSON.
Rifle Club: Important last meeting for election of officers Wednesday, April 26, at 7:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —SMITH.
Trapshooters: Will all those Interested in trapshooting please get in touch with me as soon as possible at 4031. (4-21) —COOPER.
Classified Ads
Notices
WAA: Members wishing to go on dunes trip Saturday, April 29 and Sunday, April 30 sign up on the WAA bulletin board before Saturday noon, April 22. —WARD.
PIA Members: All members who received questionnaires aie asked to return them promptly to the Activities Bureau box at the west desk of the Union (4-22) —LUTZ.
Bridge Players: Second qualifying rounds ■will not be played until Wednesday, April 26. It IS necessary for all who played in the tournament last week to play again in the second round to qualify for the semifirials. —BORN., Surveying: Examination for removal at conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p. m. Permits to take exam must be obtained before April 22, in room 102, CE Building. —LOMMEL.
Gala Week Committee: Impoitant meeting Monday, April 24, at 4 -10 p m. in room C of the Union —BAASE.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Thursday, April 25, at 7 .30 p m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Gold Peppers: Compulsoiy call for both pledges and actives Saturday, April 22, at 4 30 p m in room C of the Union —COOLEY.
VIOLIN and PIANO lessons by Paul McDowell, graduate Indiana State School foi Blind. Student violin, American Con-
Dolphin Club: Important meeting Tuesday, April 26, at 7:30 p. m in the Fieldhouse. All membeis please be present. —CARR.
Give Europe its "Black Shirts" and "Brown Shirts"—we'll give you the "White Shirts"—spic and span every week from laundry service as modern as you can buy, yet it costs no more. Once you've tried this dependable, convenient, economical service you'll have no other.
.mmm
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker ^ 605 Main St.
• Professional
R. C. EISENBAGH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. • Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latdies and eacNodka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 282B
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Ohcsterfiel
...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos ...they’re milder and taste better
Copyright 1939, liGGBTT & Myers Tobacco Co,
At the New York World’s Fair ... Captain Nancy Lowry and her Guides will show millions their way around. And at the Fair... or wherever you go... Chesterfield’s right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos is showing millions the way to more smoking pleasure. ’ When you try them you *11 know why Chesterfields give smokers just what they want in a cigarette... more refreshing mildness ... better taste. .. more pleasing aroma, THEY SATISFY