WAR qONVO: Read Prof. R. Phillips' Peace Predictions
' ■!■ 1;" ,.
; V, j; ,'p
Established 1889
^c^24meM 9 Daily Since 1906
MUSIC CONVOf Meai^^ Livingston Quairtef (; i Tomorrow At 4 ’ t -l
'■
■ ■ ■ ' ‘ i \'W ; P
Volume 53/ No. 135
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, March 7, 1942
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Airlrnd'l^oute To Alaska Bnudiy ^l^ains Canadian Senate Threat
Washington, March 6.—hcic i.s the inside story on how the Army fin'ally .gfot. permission to improve and deVelop a new short-cut; air route over the prairies of Canada to Alaska. Last Sunday night, Sonatoi' Scott Lucas of Illinois telephoned to Undei'seci'ctary of War Robert Patterson. “If the Army doesn’t act on this immediately,” Senaior Lucas said, “I'm going l«> start a Senate investigation within 24 to 48 hours. It’s abnul lime we knew whether the Canadians were with ■*ns or not. I’m a friend of the President’s and a strong administration supporter, hut if he doesn’t act, the Senate is going to.” The Senator from Illinois was referring to the fact that two days before, a Northwest Airlines plane had left to pioneer the new air route oyer Canadian prairies, had been stopped by Canadian officials, imr poivhded for 48 hours and’ then forced to return to the United States. Lucas’s threat was sufiiciept. Hatiy 'hekt mol'hihg, White House Secretary MacIntyre phoned him to “hold his horses,” that evei'ything would )jc OK. A few flours later, the Northwest Airlines plane flmy back to Canada to begin setting up ground crews, radio equipment, and technicians, not for a commercial route Imt on behalf of the Army. • Canadian Yankee The man who has caused countless delays to the Army in getting a commeicial airline to pioneer this routp is C. D. Howe, Canadian Mini.stef of Munitions and Supply, and Acting Minister of Transport. C. D. Howe is a native American, horn in Waltham, Mass., and educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Later lie migrated to Canada and applied his New England shrewdness to huildiiig grain elevators and pulp mills. Today he and Premier Mackenzie King are the two strong men of Canada. Howe has no objoclion to the U.S. Army flying over Canada, hut like a good many U. S.-Bi itish businessmen he is looking beyond the war. And he seems adament against a U. S.; commercial airline getting » foothold oyer any part of Canadian (See MERRY GO ROlINf), I'age 2)
Dr. Herrick B. Young of New York City, author and traveler, will speak at the University Presbytoi - ian Clnireh tomorrow morning at
10:30,
Former professor of literature at Alliorz College in Teheran, Dr. Young has served as chairman of the Near East Christian Council and traveled through Egypt, Palestine, Arabia, Syria, Turkey, Iran, Iraq and South America, covering special events for the Assi^fciated Press. He has written articles for American and British publications on political, religious, and social trends in the Near East and Central Europe, in addition, writing thi'ee hooks. Dr. Young is a graduate of Indiana University and holds dcgreo.s from Columbia University and University of Pennsylvania, He is a fellow of the Royal Geographic Society; member of Phi Delta Kappa, honorary educational fraternity; and Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity. In addition to his address Sunday morning. Dr. Young will speak on “Christianity in a Post War World” at 6:46 p.m.
War Council Offers Concert Tomorrow Livingston Quartet, composed of professional soloists in the Chicago area, will be featured in the second of a series of musical convocations to be held in the Music Hall tomorrow afternoon at 4 p.m., according to an announcement from William Farbcr, student chairman of the committee in charge. Light semi-classical, solo and quartet numbers will lie included in the convocation prograni, which is sponsored by the Student War Council. The Livingston ((uartet was recently starred on Edgar Bergen’s radio show, and for several years has traveled about the country as the background organization of the General Motors Shows, Marvin, First Tenor Bruce Marvin, the first tenor, has appbai'ed in several gi’and operas, and at one time he liad the lead in “Mikado.” Marvin played football for two years at the University of Colorado and later stari'ed on the University of Minnesota’s tennis
team.
In the second tenoi’ sj)ot will be Paul Mallory, who has devoted himself largely to chiu'ch, concert and oratorio work during three jmars as .staff artist at WMAQ. Mallory has appeared with the leading oratorical groups of the Middle West. The first bass, Howard Bcrholter, was a member of the men’s and mixed glee clubs while an undergraduate at Northwestern University, and two years ago he won di.strict honors at the Chicagoland Music Festival. Foi- the past two years he has been one of the youngest members of the Chicago Civic Opera Companj^ and has already been heard in seyeral important roles. Second Bass, Steiner Ray Steiner, second bass, has appeared on NBC and ; Columbia chains. At the present time he holds a church position in one of Chicago’s wealthy sulmrbs, as Well as being a featured soloist with tlie flhieago Women’s Symphony. The program will open with three numbers, “An Evening Pastorale,” “Passing By” and “John Peel” sung by the quartet. Following this, Ray Steiner will sing “11 Laecrato Spirito,” and the quartet will render thiee more numbers. Paul Mallo4'y will sing “Mattiiiata” just before
intermission.
Following the intermission the quartet will sing three more selections, and Howard Berhalter will present “Eri Tu.” After two more numbers by the quartet Bruce Marvin will sing “The Dream,” and the program will close with two number's, “Lift Tliine Eye.s” and “Marie” by the quartet. The program is open to students, faculty members and townspeople
without charge.
Irv Given Will Play,
■ r
For Tonight's Mixer Marcli winds will be the theme of the regular Saturday mixer to be held from 8:30 to 11:30 tonight in the ^ North Ballroom of the Union. Irv Given and his campus band will provide the music for the daiiee at which the usual mixer ju'iees of Ifl.lO will prevail. The March backdrop for the dance will depict a girl with a skirt blown high by the gusty March winds, and the band fronts will show wind blown hats. Newman Club Will Hold Communion Breakfast Newman Club, Catholic student’s organization, will hold the seventh of the year’s series of monthly Communion brcalcfasts tomorrow morning just aftei- the 9:30 a. m. Mass in St. Mary’s Auditorium. John Vueh, Chinese student who has given a number of talks before variou.s local gatherings, will address the group. Nominations for next year’s officoi's will be opened at the meeting and will remain open until further notice.
Leevy Speaks
Homes Session Closing sessions of the Indiana Better Homes and Bettei' Gardens Conference yesterday.offered a picture of the “home of tomorrow” as Dr.,J. Roy Leevy, assistant professor of sociology, forecast a period of social living for the entire family in years to come. Following Dr. Leevy’s address Dr. E. L. Kelly, director of the University psychological clinic, spoke on the psychological phases of the subject. Approximately one hundred representative leaders and volunteer chairmen of the Better liomes in America, Indiana division, and the CaT'den. Club of Indiana Were present at the meeting at which Dean Harry J. Reed, of the school of agriculture, spoke on the effects that the war would have on the farimnin the years to come. Pointers Given Practical suggestioms on improvement and remodeling of homes were given by Professor J. J. Davis, of the entomology department, and Professpi’ Walter E. Lommel, of the horticulture department. Professor R. B, Hull provided pointers on flower and vegetable gardens, and Professor Muriel McFarland took up methods of conserving marginal materials. The conference was brought to a close with a consultation period in eharge of Profes.sor George E. Lommel, chairman of the Indiana State Planning Board, and Lee J, Ninde^ of Fort Wayne, pi'csident of the Indiana Civic Association. Am,YmA,WAA Will Hold Elections
All Day
AWS, YWCA, and WAA, the three major women’s organization.s on the campus, will hold their elections of officers, next Wednesday from 8 a. ni. to 6:30 p. m. in the hall of the Union. All coeds may vote for candidates for the AWS offices upon presentation of their passports. Members of YWCA and •WAA will vote for officers of their l espective organizations. AWS candidates, who were approved last week by the AWS executive l)oard, are Florence Croll and Jane VanGorkliom, president; Neldu Byrum and Doris Dombey, secretary; Ruth Holden and Jean Thompson, treasurer; Emily Lloyd and. T,ois Veit, junior rcpre.sentative; and Julia Jones and Mary Lou Sternberg, sophomore repi'esentative. YWCA nominees for cal)inet offices, who were inti'oduced at a rpeeting last week, are Caroline McCrary and Vivian Peterson, president; Betty Evans and (lindy Hague, secretai'y; Lois Veit and Chan Ball, tieasurer. Petitions for positions on the YWCA cabinet must be obtained and filled out at the YWCA office by next Wednes-. day. Mar. 11. Candidates must have worked on the cabinet for at least a year and have a sufficiently high scholastic standing to be eligible for election to an offlee. WAA candidates, \vho were selected at a primary election held last Wednesday, are Jane Blank and Gail Hennis, president; Beatrice Buergler and Ruth Walker, vicepresident; Eyelyn Schuber and Jean Steigerwald, seci'otary; and Elizabeth Baughman and Doris Bower, treasurer. Foundation Group To Hold Traveling Seminar Today Second annual Traveling Seminar, sponsored by the Purdue Christian Foundation, will be held this afternoon. The seminar group will meet at 1 p. m. at 131 S. Grant, and from there will go to the northend siums and community house, the county jail, the south-end and Wabash River slums. Temple Israel arid St. Mary’s Roman Catholic Church.
War Council Presents Fifth Defense Lecture Approximately 260 students, faculty and townspeople gathered yesterday afternoon at 4 in Fowler Hall to hoar Prof. Robert Phillips of the history, econoniics and government department deliver the fifth lecture in a series of six defense talks sponsored by tlie Student War Council. Professor Phillips chose as his subject, “Some Problems of Peace.” Of the three possible outcomes of the present world conflict, a stalemate, an Axis victory and an Allied triumph, the peace which he discussed was that which would result from , the last mentioned ivosail)ility. ' Phillips predicted that the peace of the future will not be easily reached. He stated that there will he many variances of opinion between the governments of the United States, Great Bi'itain and Russia, J However, the present Eui'Opean governments will lie swiftly removed and I'eplaced by others. Democracies may be the eventual solution,, said Phillips, but Europe’s l)ackground, hi.stoi-y and traditions have not prepared her for deniocracy. Enforced democracy would result ill trouble with Russia and other nations and would furnish an excuse for another world war, just as their present-day ills have been traced by Germanyi^to the Versailles treaty. • Phillips prophesied that under the combined eft'orts of China, Russia and America, Japan will be reduced to a- second Or third-rate power, with Russia being given islands formerly lost plus an entrance to the Yellow Sea, and that China would regain control over Manchuria. Russia, Phillip.s stated, may be able to write her own peace ticket, including claii-qs to the Yellow Sea, Indian Ocean, Norway coast, Balkan State.s and part of Poland. Poland wilt never again be allowed by Russia to reach her former size. Italy will lose her African empire, Gi'eece and Albania and return to the peace-loving farming country of old. As to the other axis partner, Phillips said that it would be a iriistake to dismember Ger^ many and that she should be allowed to set up her own new form of government. The last point brought out by Prof. Phillips was that another League of Nations including the United States .should bo forined to settle problems of future, world trade, disai'mameiit, monetary systems, colonies and other international differences.
Play Illinois In Last G
Marine Corps
Opens Course Both Boost 31 Wins
To Freshmen
Cancelled
. . . for the second time, was the Riveter squash match with the Indianapolis Athletic Club, scheduled for Eel). 28 and this afteimoon at the Hoosier cyipital. Both teams have been depleted by either (li-aft o»‘ illness during the past,week, and Cliiof M, L. Clevett, pilot of the Boilei'inakers, is on the sidelines witli tlie flu.
Freshmen may now be enlisted for the Marine Corps’ Candidates’ Class, according to an announceniont by Lieut, Harold A. Hayes, Jr., liaison officer in charge of onlisting college students in this ai'oa f01'the Marine Corps officers’ training course. Lieut. Hayes .said he had received authorization to enlist ten first year men from .the University. Only •sophomores, juniors and seniors were eligible for the Candidate.s’ Class previously. Freshmen who are accepted will be permitted to finish their college education and graduate before being called to active duty, unless the national situation requires it otherwise. Sophomore Quota Tlie ejuota for sophomores has also been increased from two to ten men for the University, Lieut. Hayes said. When he visits the campus on March 17, 18, and 19, to give physical examinations to inen who have already applied, he will also accept additional applications from men who wish to take advantage of this opportunity, to finish their schooling before entering the officers’ training course. ' In addition to students whose courses lead to Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science and Engineering degrees, new regulations for Candidates’ Class eligibility requirements include students who are studying for the following degrees: Bachelors of Education, Philosophy, Business Administration, Coinmei-cial Science and Journalism. There are still vacancies in the senior men's quota' for. Candidates’ Class enlistments, and Lieut. Hayes will accept applications from the fourth year men as well as from freshmen and sophomores when he is on campus next* month. Men who are enlisted for the Candidates’ Class will bo appointed privates first class and placed on an inactive status until after their graduation from Purdue, according to present plans. After completing their college schooling, they will be sent to the Marin. Base at Quantico, Va., fori a three months’ Candidates’ Class course leading to a second lioute|iant’s commission in the Mai'ine Corps Ileserve. After being commissioned they will receive an .additional three months training in a reserve officers’ school, after which t.liey will lie assigned to general duty.
PROBABLE STARTING LINEUPS
PURDUE POSITION ILLINOIS Sprowl Forward Smiley Tierney or Riley Forward Menke Menke . Center .. .... . .... Wukoyit» Blanken , Guard , Vance or Sachs Polk Guard Phillips
By Ted Clark “Illinois will be exerting every effort to beat us badly,” declared Piggy Lambert ye.sterday afternoon as he warned whal to expect in the Boilermaker-Fightin’ Illini battle at Chaan-paign-Urbana tonight. “Rut,” he remarked with feelmff, “they aren’t going to do it.” A full squad of player.s will leave by chartered bus at 9 thi? morning for their 90-mile trip and subsequent invasion of HufF Memorial Gymnasium. Eight senior’s will wear the old Gold and Black garb for the last time. They are, in addition to Captain Don Blanken, Don — ^ ———^ Adams, Charley Caress, John Conrad, John Calvin, Cecil Polk, Frosty Sprowl and Mick- . . ey Tierney Five of that num- A\ AnnUal COnferSIICB
Henry Sachs
Illini Guard ber are natives of our neighboring state, namely, Adams, Blanken, Galvin,. Sprowl and Tierney. Gon.sequently, everything points to the Riveter band upsetting the Illini apple-cart. Just what sort of tactics will the (Sec II.LINI GAME on Page 3)
Here On March 24, 25 War and postwar’ problems aloitg with the latest scientific, educatiohal, professional and commercial developments in the pharmaceutical field will be the topics up for discussion at the twelfth annual Druggists’ Business Confere^e which wilh meet on the campus 15568(^7 and Wednesday, March 24-26. Principal speakers at the opening session on Wednesday afterno(ih will be Dean Glenn L. Jenkins, nw head of the School of Pharmaej^^ Charles D. Schreiber, president of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Associ? ation; Fred E. Thomas, secretary of the Indiana Board of Pharmacy; and Dean Hugh G. Muldoon, of the school of pharmacy at Duquesne University, past president of the American Association Of Colleges of Pharmacy. Evening Program ‘ In the evening President Elliq^ will act as toastmaster at the annual conference banquet. Dr. L. M. Sears of the history, economics, aiui government department will address the group on “The Present Crisis in a Possible Perspective.” Wednesday’s program will be giv« en over to discussions on the effe^ of war on di'ugs and pharmaceuticals, professional relations and wUing, blood plasmas, and the relationship of the pharmacist to natiottkl healtli.
Cary Club
. . . held its annual formal dinnerdance in the Union hist night with Bob Strong and his orchestra furnishing the music. Over 600 couples attended the affair.
University Students Will Enter National To BsHbIH Rslicf FUfld
Row, Row, Row Your Boaf
In Annual 'Boat Race' Classic
By Joe Weiulcl Kappa Sig and DU pledges held their annual “boat race” Thursday night and after a hai'd-fought battle, the Kappa Sig neophytes came out victorious. Two teams from each house compete every yeai'; bofh an “A” and “B” team. The “A” teams race for the coveted intraHouse trophy, an ancient model of Columbus’ Santa Mai'ia, while the “B” tcain.s participate for the sport only. Eacli crew is composed of five men who sit on the polished floor in a single file and propel themselves by pushing with their legs. The race is held eath year in the Kappa Sig living room, a distance of some fifty feet. Winning timq for this year’s “A” team race was 6.4 seeonds-^helievefi to l)e a record time for the event. Although the Kappa Sigs have had possession of the coveted tro-
phy 17 of the past 23 years, the DU’s swept both races last year. This year, the Kappa Sigs returned to the front with two teams that were able to nose out victories in all events. First race in tliis. year’s “A” team race resulted in a dead heat, but the Kappa Sigs then went on to win the next two to take the three race series. Since the race is generally held in the miildle of fraternity education week, tlio i)lcdges have an added incentive *to win. Since all contestants slide down the floor in a sitting position, the wear atul tear on trouser seats is terrific, necessitating the use of towels for additional padding. The pledges also use rosin on their bare feet for extra traction. Crews for next year’s race have not yet been pledged, but both houses predicted that they will turn up with winning crews.
Discussion Contest District National ExtemporeDiscussion Contest on Inter-Amer-ican affairs will ho hold on campus Thursday, March 19. About 100 colleges and universities are competing in the contest. This University, Notre Dame, Manchester, and Wabash ai'e taking part in the contest ill this district. At 1:20 p. ni. round table discussions will be held and at 7:30 p. ni. there will bo an extemporediscussion forum. Prof. P. E. Lull, director of forensic activities for the University, has been appointed to manage the district activities in the nation-wide contest. 'Fwo Go To Regionals Two outstanding students from each district coiitest will riieet at regional contests and six regional winners will travel to the National Intercollegiate Conference in Wasliington. Each of these delegates will be awarded a conducted tour to the other American republics this summer. This contest is being held to interest university students and inform the public about hernispherie affairs. The contest is being sponsored liy the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-Ameriean Affairs through the National Pubtie Discussions Committee, Ine.
Music and dancing in the style of various countries will be featured It. a program Monday night at 8:30 in the south ballroom of the Union. This “International Show” is beii^: presented by the Cosmopolitan leijHiii Chinese Students Club for the benefit of the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee of the University. Members of the club from the various countries will perfortn, Ui native costumes, instrumental and vocal numbers and dances of types including the rhumba. As an added feature of the evenin|ii nprangements have been made td^'ow a technicolor sound film on ‘iftawaii.” Irv Given’s band will provide music for the evening. ; Tickets for the performaniijq, priced at 28 cents each, are now available from members of the two clubs, or can be obtained at the door. Mrs. Samuel Rosenmaim . . . of New York City, chaitnoan of the National Committee ' ^ Housing Emergency, Inc., in Virasll'ington, and Robert L. Davison, director of housing research of tike John B. Pierce Foundation at Xflh University, will confer here Carl F, Booster, director of the University Housing Research eet, on Monday and Tuesday, ‘
■••rY'Vli.'»? N.
•PHr
PurduS Exponent
Saturday, March 7, 1941
Untosity Calendpr
Safarday, March 7
9 00 A AI—Distnct Handcrnft'Iii'stituto 2>Sd PM—Swimminp: Meet—Noith \\ estei n 7 80 P M —Pla’v 'shop 8 ^0 P M —Student Co op Dance 8;30 PM—Marwood SCA Dance 8 30 PM—Union Mixei
Room 363 Union Pieldhouse Eliza Fowlei Hall West Faculty Lge, Union Mai wood House Noith Ballnbom Union
Merry-Go-Round...
(Continued from page 1)
territory—especially a loute which alter the war xmII be the shoit cut over Alaska to Asia And he hag ^led for several weeks, while pie
cious time passed, vital to
sti engthemng of Alaska
On thfe other hand, the Army finds that a commercial airline, accustomed to fl>ing under win ter conditions, can develop air routes nuickly and efficiently, permitting the \rmj to concentrate on other things That is wh> NOtthiivest \irlines finallv will do
the }Ob for the Vrmj
Note On the American side of the negotiations the An Coips got onlv the most dignified and ciicum spect help fiom Geneial Stanley Embick a coast aitilleivman who feels toward the Aimj s giound foices as the Admiials do tow aid
\hc battleship
% 'Office Of Good Grantmar' Aiehibald MacLeish noted poet Libiaiian of Congiess and Chief of the Office of Facts and Figuies now has the job ot censoiing all speech es of Roosevelt cabinet membeis
et al
Since MacLeish has several fa fitous wliteis on his staff they have not been able to resist collecting a bit of bad giammai in the speech es of cabinet membeis The question of split infinitives es|>ecially seems to offend the boys in the Office of Facts and figures So when thej went ovei a pio posed speech by Assistant Secie taiy of State Adolf Beile the othei day, thej letiiined it with a couple of split infinitives noted on the mai
gin
It happens hov evei that Mi Belle IS quite a stylist himself He taught f01 many yeais at Columbia has written two oi thiee books ind ha-5 assisted the Piesident with
Playshop To Give Last Perfprniance Tpni^t Playshop presents the last of four performances of “Beyond The Don zon” in Fowlei Hall tonight The doort will open at 7 80 p m and the cm tains will go up at 8 p m General admission tickets aie available
at the door
Thi^ \hiee act play by Eugene O’Neill is built around the tragedy of two biothers in love with the same gill The setting is an old farm in Vermont and the events ale selected flom eight years of the
families^lives
Bill Deam is directing the cast which includes Jphn Clark, Dons liibble, Harold Warren Aithur Baiab, Lois Jane Vaughn, Betty
defense but he made no reply Next dav ,however ,under McCormack’s leadership, the bill ^as defeated 226 to 62—a tally which left tfo doubts about who Spoke
for the “majority ”
Note Two undeicovei factois ^^^k, LeMoyne Farnsworth, Tom
the weie responsible for this vote which probably did not reflect the general sentiment of the coilntiy One was a tremendous pressure drive by the AFL and CIO in the district of each Congressman This was particularly effective with Republicans who with then eyes on next fall’s congressional elections, ire veiy political minded Second, was the failure of the farm bloc to support the bill because it feared labor reprisals against the paiity and other boodle grabs which the farm bloc IS iftei The bloc has been counted on to kill the 40 hour week but the laborites served blunt no ticc that if the bill was passed, la boi would i\ the fanners Result, the laim bloc ran for cover and the
bill went into the ashcan
(Copyiight 1942 by United Fea
true Syndicate Inc )
Bushnell and Ted Leinberger Sprowl Hopes For Big Night Against Illinois Frosty Sprowl will make his final bid for second place in the Big Ten scoring race this coming Saturday nrght when the Riveteis clash with the Illinois quintet, title holders in the conference Johnny Kotz Wis consm forward, has just the formality of playing the last game be fore him and the scoring crown will
be his
The incomplete scoring list fol
{Personnel Notes
companies, complete one of the yel low “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of which is in your school office You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when to
schedule an interview
Navy Department, Bureau of Ships, Washington D C—All engi
lows
G
B
FT
TP
K )t7 Wi'^con in
n
83
4'’
211
Crahini Northwestern
11
«'3
''5
181
Chapman Iowa
14
83
U
1 3
SpiNwi Purdue
14
'"5
22
1 >
Mandki Michit, in Phillip Ilhn 1
15
77
31
107
14
111
itison Indiana
14
5
18
132
Gccowcts Ohio
13
49
31
r2J
M nkc iilinoi
14
62
*>
!•)),
Wend land Northwestern
14
51
2b
1V8
Smith Minncsoti
11
It
40
128
Ajax Minnesota
11
7)4
J
11
Denton Induni
11
4
11^
Blahkcn Pirduc
It
■■o
I""
11
Menkc P rduc
n
12
29
113
Kuhl Iowa
It
40
14
112
Sieffcl Iowa
11
19
31
111
Will (viL Illinois
14
13
29
10''
SATURDAY 9 65 News 10 10 The Curio Man 10 16 Morning Melodies 10 30 WBAA Presents 10 45 Theatre of Song 10 feS KeVvs 11 00 Just Kidk 11 16 Music ^ 11 30 fiiglr School Guest 11‘55 Nev^s 12 00 Woman Shopper 12 15 Tunb Tube—Charlie Powell l2 30 Meet the Sand 12 45 Markets 12 55 News 1 00 Iladio Stage 1 30 The Army Speaks 1 45 Music 1 65 News 2 00 The Stamp Club 2 15 Script 2 30 Musical Albums 2 55 News 3 00 Music 3 16 Afternoon Melodies 3 30 Tea Time TiUies 3 56 News 4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 80 Music 4 45 The Cuiio Man 4 56 News 5 00 lust Relax 6 80 Go To Church Sunday 5 45 Little Miss Muffett 6 66 News 6 00 Dinner Hour 6 30 Sports Review 6 45 Weights and Measures 6 66 News 7 00 News of the Week 7 16 Home Defense 7 30 Purdue vs Illinois 8 55 News 9 00 Union Mixer Band 9 80 Music 9 55 News 10 05 Off the All
Home Efpnomics Club Tp M Npw, Officers Viigihia C Meredith Club> home economics organization, announces nominations of officers for the coming year Elections will be held next Friday, March 13, in the Home Economics Building Membeis of the club may vote at any time from 9 am to 4 30 p m Nominations are as follows Bresident, Mabel Vaughan ahd Sdlly Beall, tieasurei, Martha McCulloch aud Betty Shively, secretary, Martha Riggs and Ann Busby, Senior representative, Betty Brown, Dons BoW'er, Dorothy ArvidsOn and Jane Blank, junior representative, Libby Baughman, Joan Becknei and Betty Young, sophomore representative, Suzanne Killingei and Dons Sleetei
SCA, Board meeting Tuesday March 10 at 7 80 p th Pertinent matter will be die cussed Pull attendance required —MOGAVERO IGxpaatnt rirOshmen New schedules are pdelicd oh bulletin bonrd in olticc All freshmen except those who came out the second semester hie now assigned to two nights per week Please cheek these assign meht# as soon as possible —RUrFNER YWCA Petitions for cabinet positions due in office Wednesday Maieh 11 —SMITH Freshmen Engineers Meet for Engineer ing Leclmes on Saturday March 7 at 8 am by schools Students whose names be gin with A E room 201 in the C E Build ing F Le lectine room in Michael Golden Shops Li K room 271 of the Electrical Engineenni, Building SZ lOom 121 ot the Electrieal Engineering Building Late students will not be admitted KNAPP Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting Tuesday March 10 in loOm 28b- of Uje Union at 7 p m Speaker will be Miss Bond of the department of physical ediieatu n for worn en Everyone Be there MncDONALD Outing Club Skatii g paity Saturlav March 7 at ) p ni Call C il Hennia 210 or Jim Covert 81‘^1 for icservalions be fore Saturday night IfENNIS Radio Club Meeting liieslaj Mareb 10 at 7 p m m room r ot the EL Building Doors will be locked at If Mil FS
Student war e^ounen iyee-enuM , i H^rch 7 at 1 pm in the Stiiden^ Seflpti
soiinel Office befoie March 10 Corn Rroducts Refining Company, Ai^o 111—March 13 Especially in teiested m M E’s Schedule an in teivicvv m Personnel Office befoie
March 10
6\ estmghouse Vir Brake Co Wil
many of his speeches So Beile is meidiiig. Pa—Maich 13 M E sign now suggesting that the State De up in Pei sonnel Office
paitment set up a boaid to collect the punctuation and giammai of Ml MacLeish’s poetij Note New nickname foi the OFF IS Office of Facts, Figuies and Good Grammai • 40-Hour FighiThe fuiious battle over the bill to suspend^the 40 horn week in war plants caused a peisonal lift be tween two House leaders that may take a long time to heal When Representative John Me Cor mack Massachusetts liberal was elected Democratic Floor Lead ei, one of his strongest supporteis was a colleague who had nothing in common with McCormack except friendship—anti ivew Deal anti Labor Representative Gene Cox of Georgia It was with hushed astonish mynt, therefore, that the House listened to Cox’s bitter attack against McCormack during the stormy debate over the anti 40 hour proposal His voice student in anger, Cox denounced McCor mack on the ground that his opposition to abolishing the 40 hour Week was “not good sportsman ship and I wonder il it is good leadership ’ “I have hoped the Geoigian thundered, “that at some tunc the gentleman f i o m Massachusetts would come to a realization that he is supposed to speak foi the majoi itv of this House lathei thin foi somebody else ” Friends rushed to McCormack s
Wagner Electric COrp , St Louis Mo—Coming soon ME and EE Sign up in Pei sonnel Office Duquesne Light Co Pittsbuigh Pa —Gommg soon M E and E E Sign up in the Personnel Office E I duPont DeNeitiours &. Co, Wilmington Del—March 9 and 10 ME CE, EE Come to Personnel Office immediately and sign for in
tei view
W est Bend Aluminum Company, West Bend Wis—Maich 11 ME and EE Come to Personnel Office immediately and sign foi interview Minneapolis Honeywell Regulat or Co Minneapolis Minn —Apiil 1 E E (with major in communica tions or electionies) and M E Combustion Engineering Co New Yoik N Y—Maich 12 M E Foundation's Marriage Series To Begin Monday rieshmen of the Pin duo Chris ti in Eoundation will begin then an nual ela^s In courtship and mar 11 igc next Monday it 7 16 p m The cl iss IS limited to ten eds and ten coeds The hist tch of each to sigh rip will be accepted The class will continue for six one hour sessions and is designed to answei questions oh dating and boy and gill relationships as they pel tain to the campus Classes will meet at 111 S Giant Anyone intei ested should call 4191 is soon is
possible
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KItCHEN
PwuLusl £xpomid, Ail-American 1940"'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, attd at the special rate ot postage provided tor in section 1103 act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published dail> except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier lor $3 50 per year, mail subseripfions, $4 00
Fdinp in Chief N«w« BUitdr kpoiii> Editor
Nfd A Ochiltree BusineHg Manager
L. Irakigott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Ned John
Don S Powers Leland W Rnffner Ruth Bose
-< Publication Staff ABsoiiatp Fditom Bhik J F Amin I U ArmHtrong D T Brophy * ft L Hadliy h I Joiea h C KIcprr bpprtm guff O T Claik J U bragtr J S Keeler l?eed gtelf Mary K Boynton Alitt Cbatficid Jane Kamsdeil
||■l.Al^ ti
Business Staff Coed Business Manager Donna Siess Office Managers Lee Bobsonn Local Advertising Managers K K Gjemre R E Saxton, Circulation Manager W T Bell Accounts Manager W D Millaid Junior Coed Managers Jean I rankenberry Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin
Eiiitorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792
Editorial After 10 P M , 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertisint Service Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Hunter Day is4lt«r U«all
Sports Editor Brewer Issue Editor Brophy
Reporters O I ilti e R iiiuci b 111
B tz H dm 1
IM Schedules The follotting fiaternities Will play volleyball Monday night March 9 These teams must show
noels’ particuraily women Secure «P Monday night to be included in
an application blank from the Per ^ke tournament
Acncia Alphn Ciinimn Rho Al) ha Sit,iTrta Phi, Beta Siuma P«i Delta Chi Kappa Del ti kho Phi Delta Theta khi Camma Del ti 1 hi Kapi i Psi Phi Kappa Tau Sifeitta Alpha Mm SiP’m i Chi Si„ma Pj Beta Thet i Pi lau Kappa Fp ilon 'I'hota Tali Ihcta
Xi 1 r anjfl
Bridge Tourmartient To Start Today In Union Campus Culbeitsohs will go to work today in the Union south ball room as the annual Student Union sponsored campus contract budge tournament gets Under wiry Nearly 70 teams will play during the fust elimination which Will be gin promptly at 1 p m The Union announced ycsteiday that all par ticipants today x\ill receive a free ration of cigarettes The tournament will continue on successive Satuidajs, with the finals being seheduled for Maieh 21 Union offieials said that gold and silver trophies await the winneis ahd lunneis rip Donald L.GIaspie ME ’14 son of Mr and Mrs Edgar Glaspie of Oxford was re eently appointed to the United States Naval Academy at Ann apolis Md by Congressman Charles Halleck ot the seeond eon „iossional distiiet Placement Far Women Women with training in statistics, accounting and business adminis tiation should call the Placement Service toi Women (2966) within the next day for infoimilion con ceining positions
Health Service Daily Report
Classified Ads
Wanted Full ti;ne stenofrrupher and gerteral office assi itfltit PUrdue hack grround preferred Apply by Ifitter hx ponent Box No 1
JOE EXPERIENCED TAILOR suits TO order Clothes Altered Cleaned and Pressed Fbr Chat Alterations Our Specialty itedsohablo Prie-s CHAUNCEY AND STATE STS
fSgSSSSSSSSl
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
•—WITH — RICHARb ARLEN ANDY DEVINE
ALSO
‘KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS' LATEST PATHE NEWS
iUNDAY MONDAY SCATTE^GObb MtEtS BROADWAY HOLD THAT GHOSt MICKEY MOUSE
Notices
K M Bradley, ME ’44 and J F Reed, For ’45 have entered the St Elizabeth hospital fdr medical treatment R S SiPipson, Eng ’45 has entered the St Elizabeth hos pltrl ioi tiertment of a contagious disease Betty Blacklidge, IE 42, has been discharged from medical treat hrent at the WRH H W Kaak Eng ’46 C L Weathers, Ag 43 and G D W illiams Sc ’43, have all bCeh discharged from medical tiefitmeht at the St Elizabeth hospitbl E J LahtnCi Ag ’42, has been dis charged from medidal tleatrtlent at the Home hospital H P McFeiren, ME ’42, has been discharged from su gery treatment at the Home hospital
Advanced Military Applicants All those whose names appear on the list of milin bulletih board in Armory must report to main office of Aimory prior to noon Sat urday March to complete medical his tOry questionnaires —McMAKEN Distinguished students Refunds are now avniiabie at the cashiei s office in the Fxecut VO Building —HOI I ENSBF Student Ushers Sti dent ushers and po iico at \arsity lasketbali games get their m ncy at ti e t eket c ffico in the 11 Idh use
—DOAN
MF 30 Make Up exams Examinations to remeve L and I gra les m MF 30 will be given Saturday March 14 at 1 pm m room rni of the MI buiidmi. Please notify hie if inteiosted -u-CEIGER ASMC Deadllilo for m mbership ASMl this yoai will be M i lay Maich 0 Meiifibeiship blanl s aie nsnilable in M E oHieo —TOPiNKA WAA Members Pel tions f ir WAA Colin cil positions m ist bo Uiincl in to the WAA office ill the g>m ly T lesdav Maich 10 —PIDGkON
Wdmen SlUdeUls Coeds interested in summer work shoul 1 file applications with the Women a placement service in the Ex eeiltive Building bef ire Saturday March 17 —FENDT WAA Ping Pong lb rd round of tour namei t mu t be i luycd off by luosdky March 11 H cl ait vs Memver Faustich \s C op r Miller vs RadersterC SCHUBER Sophatnoi-e AOro s All affiilications for B S Aero Engr degree must be on file in loom 210 ME building not latdr than March li) in order to be consideied —WOOD Ph Lambda Upsilon Business meeting Flection of I ledges Tuesday March 10 5 00 in room 1‘’0 e>f the Chem Annex All meW 1 rs ar icquestel to be preset t - MONTGbMteRY WAA Shufflchoard Ih ri round of lour ramznt must be play 3 off I v Tuesday Maich 11 Bowel vs Shell Sehubor vs lohnson —SCHUBER
Agriculturist Schedule foi 1 itcrv e \ e f juniors is as follows on Tucsel j March 10 in the Agileulturist off ce B ill r 1 10 Felix 4 20 Beigci 4 JO Dagis 4 40 Dies shn 4 4'' Norelliiigei 4 57 Hiudesty 7 07 Fee 7 17) Brown 5 2 —SNYDER Convo Ushers Will the f Iloe n i hei foi the convo Sunday aftenoon please be at the Music Hail at 3 I'" pm Colhstei Friei MacDonald Gannon P Iwinc Hay ard Guthcrie DEUSTFR
Student War Council Meeting Saturday
• " '"hi "
Kapba Delftt 1*1 MeLllng TilCsHfty J'dnwjt 10 at 7 IS p m >n Eiluelition Bfrildlng leclidn of pledgos and report iJf riatongl convention —‘HAYS Agricullurlst Departmental editors bfe sure to have iipiilitaltoila tUrniSiLIb for yoiw successois by Monday March 0 at 4 at the Agiicultunst office —SNYDER Purdue Players Cast and crew of B - yond the Horivm and members of PurdM Piavers are invited to a patty at Fowler Hall Saturday night March 7 itprnodla^ly followii g the production —DUKE Activities Bureau Meeting Monday Mar 9 at 4 116 pm fo) all sophomores juniors and senior members Procedure fdr fiiinjr
petitions will be cli cussed
SCHORNSTEIN
Scriveners Meeting Satur lay March 7 at 1 30 p m in the office fOi final sMection of manuscripts Please >mko an effort to I e there —JtJStlN Browsing: Uorim Cnmthittcc McotlnR of all c mmittee membeis Tuesday Mar 10 at t 15 I m —HUDSON Zouaves Impeltatit meeting called fot all I ctiv s in orrlalalion of prospbetiv'e tiip to Michi an Slate Be theie —GRAl A 1 Lli E All chemical oiilrirtoers ftnd cliemi tiv students are invited to hear Eorlest A Anderson s leCtuie Industry s Chalkrge to Chemical Education at " 80 Wedic illy Mar 11 in Room 129 EF Build* ing —KRAYBFLL
uamem
Dr. A. M. Irion I — DENTIST — 1 119 Vi Northwestern Ave I Phone 4965 aiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii'
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across Frotn Ui on He 1 Sammons 29 Doc E) pli
FOOD THE WAY YOU LIKE IT West Side Grill (You Be *he )i^^)
'Tvpewniers A Idinj, Machines ill makes oM rent d it) lire I ml purch i td Mime un J h w rk I n ( T Lbci*shon GO M iin 1 al yett I h i c 2 9
PI #% 11^
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
E F-feC E'R^t* Tslil’Of^S E OYS ARUhERE AGAIN 1
Your favorite roughnecks on their wildest rampage . b/mgmg you a not of action and lauahs 7
The EAST SIDE eoAihKIDS in with Leo GORCEY* Bobby JORDAN Huntz HALL • Billy GILBERT Guinn VVILLIAMS • Gabriel DELL -TODAYKNOCKOUT PLUS
DOUBLECROSSi^ i
e )v O'4-11411 )
; a
ftt THOSE
Eutks Cop Early Lead Ih Big Ten Trci^li MftI
RiVefer Thinlies RIttd In Elimination CHICAGO, 111, Mar 6 — (Bl)ecial to the Purdue Exponent)*—Speedy Bob Ufer ffom the University of Michigan, defending champion in tile ^Uhrter-mile swept his heat in ah eight-yard victory of the 440 in the Big Ten Track and Field Meet here tonight, turnihg in the best heat time of
49.6 seconds.
tJfer failed, howevei, to appioach Sob Cochian's 48 2 lecord, set by that Indiana ace last yeai
Ait<^holiy Second
t bilelmaker rpnneis placed Paul ftbny in the quaitei, the Rivetei da^ man coming in second m the fourth heat, run in a compartively
slow 60 8 sec
!Bob '*Vlfright, Ohio State huidle Stai, whose past peifoimances have niade him ajCfavonte, kept up the dBti recoids by taking the 70 yaid htliidl^ race With a time of 8 7, the bMi^ for the three heats lun Gene l|ron, Bdileimakei hurdlei, finished close bfehind Wright foi a second, and Jqhn ponant annexed thud in
j
another hardle heat
I Cdhnbl
Ic^pbell Kane, Hoosiei half t^il^ and intei collegiate champ in that distahee, came fiom behind to Pace his heat "in a six yard win I&ne Was defeated eailier in the s|asol) by Bob Rehbeig of Illinois, but Was conceded his heat at the
ontsfel of the lace
I Ohio State, nevei a winnti m the Conference meets, qualified thiee men in the 00-yard dash, as welt as t|e quarter mile, taking honoi s and previewing a possible Buckeye tii lunph in the meet Since 1930, when 'isconsih took the title, Michigan ahd Itldiana have dominated the jeot, the Wolverines winning in ifei, and from 1934 to 1940 To JlitHt’s petformanecs gave the cks a good chance foi victoiy
ifftial Results
Yard IJash (first heat)— Won by Bob
1
Dll. PAUL A RISK
LUTHER A RISK
1 i
Harold i. risk
— dentists —
400-404 Schultz Bldg
4lh and Main St Lafayette
M^et Hir^ OH 21^
Five mihtational A A IT swimming Events, hanetioned hy the In^ dianh A A U and the Indiana Intercdllegiate Conference sWimihihg championships Will be staged irt the Boilermakei Fleldhouse pfidl, Shtiurddy, itlalch 21, aceoidinfe to ah announcement made yestefday by Dick PapengUlh, Rivelei mentbi Among the teams expected to compete foi the state title are Indiana, Earlham, Ball State, DePaUW, and Indiana State, along with the Gold and Blhck hosts, who won the championship the last tifne the eVCnt Was contested two yeais agO at Bloohiington in the Soosiers* tank The invitational events, to be staged in conjunction With the intei collegiate meet, will mcludfe the 100 yaid flee style, 1()0 yard back stroke, and 100 yai‘d breast stiokd foi meh, ahd 100 yaid fide atyle hhd 200 yaid biedst stioke foi women, and a special diving Competition Dntry deadlines in both the Intel collegiate and invitational eVents will he Wednesday, March 18 Piehminaiies in all necessary eVents will be held at 10 am. With the finals scheduled for 3pm that afternoon Ttophies Will be aWaided to both the first and second place intercollegiate team's
Kelley Illitioih Rocond LeRoy Collins Ohi) State third Larry FaliSell Indiana time 50 8 sec tlO Yard Dash (second heat)—Won by Bob Ufoi MichiKan second Byron /ohn Wisconsin third Bob Johnson Minnesota time 40 5 sec 440 Yard Dash (third heat)—Wotl by HarVy Pi ice Indiana second Russell Owen Ohio State third George Peterson Mich igah time 50 3 sec 440 Yard Dash (fourth heat)—Won by Edwaid Porter Ohio Statfe second Paul Anthony Purdue third Bud Motley Mich U.an tiihc 50 8 sOe *■0 Yard High Hurdles (first heat)—Won by Bob Olson lllinoib second Noiman Pullman Iowa third Prank McCarthy Michigan fouith John Gonant Purdue time 0 0 sec "b Vard Hvph Huidles (second heat)—Won by Hc'nry v< licnwcider Iqwn see 01 <1 George Hoeflingcr Ohio Slate third Janies Byerjy Michigan fourth Maury Gould Illinoi lime 8 7 sec D Yard HI'll Hurdles (third heat)—Woh Iv Bob Wright Ohio btuto second Gene Kitm Puuhii third Joe I iihcy Michigan fourth Walt Lambert Wiscorisih tlmei 8 7 sec
/! ^
Vitamins on the March! Physical Fitness is the Keynote of our present program. Don’t neglect to eat Vitamin containing meals. Enjoy a good wellbalanced meal at JhSL (pJUAduSL TyimufdcdL lAniotL % The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
1^ Tonight Is The Efnale £ ^ S ?
Whehever Rmdue comes ovei to Champaign to play the ciowd comes to see blood, ahd lisually does The flliriom PliPdhe seiies, espeMally iri the past lew years, has been as toiPid 6h itlbid So than the IridianheBurdue leild Four yOais ago Coach Doug Mills kfept his tearti TfOm go?hg Odt aftei the Boilei makers and the gdfrtfe w^ht ddwft in haPdWOdd hislbfy as
one of the longest stall games eVer plaj^ted
I’Wo yeais ago at Illinois the Boileimakeis played foi the championship -when a loSS vould have meant a tie With Indtaha foi the chOwh We Watched CaptaihBob Igney, Sprowl, Caiess and the iesl of the team come fiom behind a tell poirit deficit With only a few minutes remamihg and nOse out the llhni in the final minute * ^
RiVilttf: Swimming Team iti Ml U. Squad Today Fi^l^hOu$e CU$k Marks Final Tune-up Fpr Big Ten Championships Coach Dick Papenguth’s Boilermaker swimming squad, victotidtis m four out 6f feik dual meets so far this season, will provide the lohe hoihd attraction here this afternoon at 3 o’clock Against a well-halanced Northwestern aquatic combination. *rhis Will ihark the hnal ttihbup of both ^hhads for the i Bi^Tenchainpionship^atchi- BasKetball BanQuet cago next Weekend ^
Riveter Relays Strong The stocky BoiIOimakei
^yil<f Last Minuf'e The cioWd was mad as the game went into this last minute with PUidue holding h slight edge The Illinois boys fouled the Boilerhiakdt^ eight tithes ih the last minute, knocking theih up three rOWs df seats every time the ball was thioWn in These aie just a douple of games ih the long senes that now stands at 3i Wirts apidee Tonight we ekpect anything to happen We expect the Boileimakets to take the fiooi amid a choius of cht-hklls and hear them foi the entile g'aine Illinois to a man is out foi a kill tonight—^just as much so as if k fehampionshi^ wks in the balknce ► Eight Seniors Bow Out It’s the last game for eight Boilei makers Thdse eight have seen one championship and one sixth place in the twtfyeais pievious A victory tonight would cinch a tie for third place and possibly second A loss would mean thud oi fouith So fai this yeai the team has been above average in a veiy tough league They should have won a couple that they lost and might have lost a couple that they won The defensive lanking is a tribute to the team—ks Inost Purdue squads have been weak in ihm depaitmOnt ^ Just One Thing—Beat Illinois But tonight all of the past season will be foi gotten The pai amount issue IS to beat ILLINOIS' Latest lepoits fiom the Illinois camp haVe it that Coach Doug Mills may start big Hetiry Sachs instead of Vance foi his defensive ability Sachs IS Big and lough, and moves plenty fast foi his 206 pounds ^ Hold Your Hats! Again we lepeat—expect anything tonight Piobably the game will be a stiong defensive battle, at least foi the fiist thiee quaiters of the game Then it uill piobably bieak wide open Just one thing we die sine of Eveiy man weaiing the Gold and Black will be in theie fighting uhtil the last whistle blows Especially the eight guys who will thiow in then Equipment aftei the gknie
Will Honor Lambert, Silver Jubilee Team Coach Ward “Piggy' Lambert,
swim-
ming mentor is banking heavily on strength in the metlley and fiee style relays m an effoit to upset the Wildcats Points m the two re
lays Weie big factois in the 43-39 following his completion of a quaivrctoiy ovei Chicago last Wednes- tei century of service as Boileidayhight Papenguth eKpiessed the makei basketball coach this weekopinion yesteiday aftei hooh that end, will be feted m a special ceie both teams are evenly matched, niony at the annual basketball banWith Noithwestein possessing sev quet Tuesday at 6 p m in the Un
eral outstanding stais The Rivetei jon coach hopes that his team’s balance
Will offset this
Featuie laces in the fiee style events are expected with Amund sen and Captain Fahiback, Wildcat stais, to be matched against Cap tain Dick Kratzer, Veinon Hensel
Fied Heir and other consistent will be named duiing the evening point wmneis for the Boileimakeis Campus Notables Present
Sponsoied by the Lafayette Lions Club, the piogiam will include the announcement of the vaisity and fieshman haidwood awaids as well as the selection of the 1943 captain Th^ most valuable playei to the squad foi the cm lent season also
Diving Highlights Meet One of the highlights of the aft einoon will be piovided m the fancy diving wheie John Juertgst and Hei man Bauer Rivetei spiingboaid aitists, will be pitted against an unusually fine Noithwestein trio each of whom is of potential chain
pionship calibrt
The Wildcat divers include How
Musical highlights will be by the Men’s Glee Club arid P S Emiick’s All Ameiican Band Progiam speakers will be Piesident Edwaid C Elliott Rabbi Mej^er H Simon, Guy “Red Mackey newly appoint ed Boilei makei athletic diiectoi. Coach Lambert Dutch Fehiing ad fieshman basketball coach and baseball mentoi, Mel Taube, as
sistant vaibity coach and Capt Don
ard Jaynes, foimei Illinois high Blanken 1941 42 Gold and Black
school champion who lecently de pilot
feated Strother Maitin, Michigan stai, John McDonald anothei foi mei Illinois piep title holdei, and Rouble Tiumble national prep scllool low boaid champion in 1940 As usual theie will be no admis Sion chaige to today’s meet and eveiyone is invited to attend
Out Famous
Houqh-HDus^
Slacks
$^.9B 100^ all wool slacks tailored just like his—right down to the last belt loop. New tapered bottoms with front or side zipper fastening. In men’s wear grey flannel, brown, navy and black. Sizes 10 to 20.
\
Spifd&wsui^ — Ssamd. J-Ioox.
F Haloid VanOiman quick wit ted toastmastei will preside ovei the meeting Tickets aie still avail able tiom Lions Club members and at the usual ticket agencies / Riveters Play (Continued fiom page 1) Lambeitmen deploy against the sophomoie giants of Doug Mills’ Well you might say Piggy of Pui due will play a waiting game “They’ll have to get then hands on the ball to scoie ” Lambeit stated, “and we mean to keep it away fiom them Call it stalling, if you will but we’ll put thiee men out beyond the loul ciicle when we have possession of the ball If they want it thUy tvill just have to come out aft ei it ’’ Pig&y expects a low scoiing eon test if things go as planned and said his kids would wait foi a good oppoitunity befoie taking a shot at the coids “In othei woids ’ he explained “we don’t piopose to let fly w ith any wild heaves tiom centei couit At game time the statistics le veal the Pin due Illinois seiies to be a tight one, with each school boast mg 31 victoiies in a iivaliy that has always been stiongly contested Accoidmg to most obseiveis the Illini lineup is composed of big mem who look oven biggei Centei Vk* Wiikovits IS 6 3 and the only senioi m the staitmg lineup Reseive cen
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GILLESPIE'S 221 Columbia St PHONE 6405
Reeck's Meet Noilhwesfl Today In Ust Ml Coach Claude Reeck's wrei^tlllig: squad finishes up a very suece^rattl season on the mat today. With final canto being staged agraifidt we Wildcats of Northwestern iti Fleldhouse at Evanston this noon This meet will be the Iasi i legiate dual meet for the W captain and 128 pound sens Casey Fredencks Should <iii( come out on top in the festiVf this afternoon he will have pleted three consecutive dual mtei collegiate compeittlon without a loss Riveters Have Good Season ' The match this afternoon wdlLbe the seventh for the Boilermafe^s this season, five of which they h^Te won by pqnderous scores, the ot^r being dropped to the boys from tl* Imois by a two point margin Earlier in the season the Boilermdfcers and Wildcats tangled, with the Sfbilei maker hosts trimifiin]^ tfieir guests from the WindjF^Cyi%-t-24 to 10 ' V Casey Fredericks A summary of the recoids of a few of the Riveter grapplers who have made records this year Casey Fredencks, captain of the tep^, has wiestled three years m intra collegiate competition without ’ a loss Foi the last three years h^s made the unmatchable record of winning the Midwest AAU chahfipionship m the 121 pound wei^t thiee consecutive yeais At presept he IS the Western Conference title holdei in the 121 pound class aJgd won the National AAU wrestling championship when he was a so^omore All this season Casey, who is a 121 poundei has wrestled ih the 128 pound das': Good Share of Champions Six of the membeis of Coach Reecks squad have turned in idftlO pel cent lecoids foi the season They aie Mickej- MacDonald, l9l pounds Captain Casey Frederick^, 128 pounds Waiien Giegoiy, iSS pounds Bob Britt 145 pounds, Paiatore 155 pounds and Frank Ruggeii heav\weight Five ot the piesent squad r6tuined fiom the Midwest AAtf matches last fall with championships to then ciedit Mickey Ma£Domld Casey Fiedeiicks WarfCn Giegoij Rogei Claseman, and bi& Italo Rossi The Wildcat match this afteri^nh ends dual competition for the !l^9ei makeis, but next Fiiday and^tuiday Coach Reeck and his journey to Chicago to take parf Rt the Big Ten championship matcRfeS. - i tei Alt Mathisen is two inches tg)lei and is a junior Foiwaids l^n Menke and Jack Smiles are Bdtji 6 2, while guaids Gene Vance iRid Andy Phillip ai e 6 3 The lattei me sophomoies and almost fixtmeife, along with Wukovits, in the stacking lineup Phillip and Menke aie the m»j«» scoiing thieats, but then, the en^^fe team has the annoying habitr Of dioppmg the ball through tTlfe Consideiing the type oft gstiHe that the Boileimakeis will p^bd^pT play, Tieiney is likely to a foiwaid post along with Spiowl, since Mick is something^ a ball hawk ^ Him; captain, Bill Hocking pIaJ^ his last game tonight—providin|:$e gets off the bench that the startt^|r bophomoies have kept him on mo^ of the yeai The Mills coached quintet feds definitely clinched the Western Ccaii* feience championship and have cepted a bid to the NCAA, so a RjsS to Puidue tonight would be an feEdosiied blemish upon an exceli^i lecoid I
111 Laugh Hit
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
We Aie Eqiiippetl to ^ ultanize \our TIRES Motoi Oil Oil lilttib 'ind C irtrulgis Balltnes Chassi'< Lubricatiuii broiit Vlhctl Respoki Davis Standard Service Slate and Grant Phone 5941
Vnne Gwynne and Lou Cos' in the latest Abbott and comedy 'Ride ’Em Cowboy" tfe4< tuie attraction on the Mars screen
//Im
^Every American is asking how he can best serve his country. The boys in the armed forces are doing it by putting their time, energy—yes, even their lives into finishing the job before them. But we at home, here on the Purdue campus, have a job to do too. We must sacrifice many little things to which we have become accustomed — things like cokes and sugar in coffee. We must give blood for those who lost theirs through bullet-gaping woilnds. We must spend our money for defense stamps and our time for Red Cross work. Moreover, we must keep fit. Physically and mentally, this war will demand more of us than can be produced by luxury,loving, careless, idlers. Let’s work hard, play hard, and sleep and rest well. Let’s be prepared for any emergency.
2^ Is this a big sacrifice.^ Or only a little one? That depends upon how you look at it. It’s a big sacrifice if your life is wholly made up of little things. But it’s very little if you focus your eyes on the big objective—a world run for free people—a world where we may have a normal chance for happiness. For there are, after all, many things more important than cokes, sugar in coffee, tires, golf balls and little pleasures. There’s the right to think, and talk, and worship as we like. There is, in fact, everything that generations before us have thought worthy of sacrifices far beyond any we are asked to make.
Let’s All Do Our Part
The
Purdue
Memoria
Union