K i _
f74^^ y; ^ i" **' f >» S* ' ■3:1 ^ ^
Tff.
f \
HH
M '“f-^
‘ .:'/;4#f
f Wis. 50, Mieh. 42 N'thwes'n 77, Chi. 20 O. State 72, Indiana 46
EstebUnhedlSSI
x/pjonem 9 ’ I’m EliKible
UNIVERSITY / Launches Campaign To ''Keep Off Grass"
Volume 56, No. 102
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, January 15, 19^44
Boilermakers Trjumph Over Minnesota 51 To 38
Steatton Will Speak Thursday For Convo
Commander Dorothy Stratton, Dean of Women at the Uni versity, now on leave of absence as commander of the SPARS,
Bureau To Check Student For All Extra-Curricular
Eligibility Activities
Lodge Leads Scoring In Third Big Ten Win
By Russ Lipes, Exponent Sports Editor
A wild battle which should have been' accompanied by the
Eligibility for participation in extra-curricular activities was discussed at a meeting Wed- tune “Lay That Whistle Down Ref”, took place in the Field-
will be on campus for three days next week. In order that as neseday of the extra-curricular activities committee, and existing University rules which are house last night with the Boilermakers winning their third many women as possible may see and hear her, AWS is spon- not being enforced were pointed out, according to F. I. Goldsmith, chairman of the committee, straight conference title as they downed Minnesota, 51 to 38. soring a convocation for all women students on Thursday at Members of the committee include both faculty members and heads of major campus activities. This was the third consecutive setback for the Gophers, lovra 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall when Commander Stratton will In order that the rules be enforced. Activities Bureau will check the membership list of having defeated them in their first two games. The Riveters
each organization against the respective indices of the members and inform activity heads of
speak on “Today’s Women To
morrow”.
Since she left for the armed services in September, 1942, Commander Stratton has been back to the University only once. After receiving her initial training as a lieutenant in the WAVES, she was promoted to lieutenant commander and was made
New Fresh 'Bible' u„jg„ ^ixer AcQusints Studsnls 'Bssin Wilh Campus life street' Theme
those students who are not eligible to participate in activ-
ities.
Rules which govern managerial, appointive and elective offices are: To be eligible a student must have at least a 3.5 scholastic index for all previous academic work. This index shall be
Continuing the series of Satur- calculated according to the regis-
University Puts Csntecn Butt Containers 5®"'® ™ ^ea™ 46oot Campus 5""''®*'®
and the Gophers wiU face each other again tonight on the
home floor at 7:30.
Looking much improved in rebound control, the Riveters still continued to miss many set-up shots. Their defense was very tight, and the Gophers had trouble breaking through the outei
The Student Senate is now com- demic work. This index shall be ' Winter Service of Coed Can- line, but all too often a defensive executive officer of the-Women’s Re- pletiug the copy for the new Fresh- Continuing the series of Satur- calculated according to the regis- T'he lowly sewer pipe has come teens is being planned with the first man was sucked out and a Gopher serve of the Coast Guard. It was nian Handbook, or “Bible” as it is day night dances the Student Union ti'ar’s formula. The eligibility of up in the world, to judge at least held on Sunday, January would slip thiough to tally, her task to organize this group popularly called. This book is given will create a “Savoy Stomp” atmos- transfer students shall be subjected from the appearance of the new Monicek, in Qopher Attack Gooa which, at her suggestion, adopted to all the incoming freshmen and phere for students attending this to the approval of the Dean of Men „ • . f . • tf v, tt w v, student Senate publicity. Displaying a very brilliant passthe name SPARS, an adaptation of J^ew service men each semester. This Saturday’s mixer. The “Stomp” or the Dean of Women. tamers lor cigarette butts which Senate will continue the can- attack, combined with smart ball the Coast Guard motto—Semper booklet will last for the duration will be in session from 9 to 12 p. m. An official list prepared each term appeared just outside the en- teens if this first one proves sue- handling, the Gophers pressed the Paratus, Always Ready. and contains all the information any One band, covering the backdrop by the registrar’s office and showing trances of several campus buildings, cessful. Boilermakers for the lead thioughOn December 29,1943, Command- student needs in qrder to become ac- jjj ^he north ballroom, will provide, the current index of each student Made of white corrugated tile ma- ^ past the canteens have en- ^.hg game, although the Riveters er Stratton was promoted from lieu- quainted with the campus. music for both ballrooms. The par- shall be the basis for decisions on terial resembling sWer pipe, these a great deal of popularity were never behind at any time in
tenant commander to her present Cover Design Contest tition will be up and stags are re- ’
eligibility. A student having a fail- gand-filled recentacles are nart of a service men and also the ^j^g ^ , , _ , _ sana-niiea receptacles are part ot a ggg^jg ^^.g hostesses to the vari-
rank. She is one of the three high- Many new pictures will be used quested to remain in the south ball- ing health grdde may be declared in- campaign by the University phvsiest ranking women in America’s throughout the book to help show I’oom in order to carry out the exist- eligible by the Student Nurse Serv- g^| pjant to clean up the campus. groups of soldiers, sailors and
armed services. the changes that are taking place, ing system of cutting in only one ice. Removals of conditions will
A revised list of the fraternities and ballroom.
their present addresses will also be Lowell Mead and his orchestra, included. with Betty Hilton as vocalist, will
A contest is being sponsored by fill the bandstand,
the Student Senate for a cover de- A “Basin Street” backdrop was
Music Organizations Will Sponsor Convo Saturday, January 29
Bill Lodge carried off high scoring honors for the evening with 18 points, bringing his conference total to 40 for two games. Charlie
sign on the Purdue News. Any stu- designed by Bob Arnold, ASTP.
dent, including service men, in the zoot-suited figures gaily garbed in .. r -uTt University is eligible to try, first the latest pre-war drape shapes de- g igi 11 7prize being $10. The main point note a rhythm found only in Basin -A-PPlies to Minor Activities
marines. The girls of the sorori-
have no effect on eligibility until Perhaps because of the arrival of ties, cooperative houses. Women’s
publication of the next list. cold weather more people have been Residence Halls and the town girls ^4 markers The Dean of Men, the Dean of smoking inside campus buildings, are all anxious to make this series Hoffman rang the bell for
Women and the chairman of the creating a fire hazard but the most successful thus far. committee on the coordination of detracting from the appearance of Between 2 and 4
extra-curricular activities shall be ^"^Idings. The new over-sized
10 points. Rollie DeLapp was high scorer for Minnesota with 12 points
Invitations will be sent to the va- and Pat Geraghty was second with
the final authority on questions re- duce^^Sente'toTiLS^efutsMl^the nine
to be considered is an original de- street
All musical organization convo- . ^ , ,, . „ .. . , j u A iu sign that portrays the spirit of the cation has been announced by Albert , T» oj. A j- i. e -1 handbook. This contest will close P. Stewart, director of musical or- „ , . ,. , . , u j 1 j A February 3, so come on, all you eds ganizations, which is scheduled to , 1 j t. a
appear Saturday, January 29, at 8 p. ni., in the Hall of Music. The convocation will be consid-
and coeds, and see what you can do.
List Rules
1. The design shall be submitted
ered as a regular University con- in the size of the cover, iVz by 6
vocation. Students will be admitted inches.
In regard to special cases, the 3.5 appropriate localities. Con-
requirement shall also be met for participation in debate, musical or-
ganizations, dramatics and radio, g^e^to college.
Special cases in other activities will be individually considered by the
committee.
First term freshmen must have Problems of highway construe- written permission from the Stu
buildings, as well as to keep the « , , ..A , on Sunday afternoon, while refreshcampus clean. More will soon be , , . ,
tend the canteens between 2 and 4 First Half
After several minutes of wild
ments are being served. The num- scrambling. Lodge, Haag, and Hoff-
Road School To Start Conference Jan. 24
by presentation of passports, service men by showing their social I’ecreation cards and the general public by regular convocation tickets. Tickets will be sold for 55 cents at the door. Rabinoff Featured
2.
Incorporated in the design maintenance during both dent Health Service unless qualified
war time and the post-war period with an A or B ’ grade on the
shall be the words “Pui’due News” at the top and, in a smaller size, “The University Handbook.”
3. The design shall be such that Jg"
it is suitable for reproduction in ink on tracing cloth from which to make
Carl Madsen, personnel director
will be the objectives of the 30th an- physical examination given upon
nual road school to be held here at entrance. They must not have re- former electronics research the University January 24, 25 and ceived any “Y” or “Z” delinquency worker for the Westinghouse Com3. slips or X delinquency slips in pany, will speak before a joint Among the main speakers to dis- more than six hours dui ing the cur- xneeting of the American Institute
sequently the cause of neatness and large enough to man tallied in quick order to ^ve safety is served and the sewer pipe ®®te^tain all of the sexwice men on the Riveters a six point lean Bnt^
the same Sunday, but each man will Lehrman opened the scoring for the have his turn during the series. It Gophers on Horn’s foul. A race for IS hoped that by this means the sol- the lead followed with Minnesota diers, sailors and marines on the continually tiying to catch up with campus will make new friends who the Riveters. The half ended with will help to make their stay at the the Riveters leading, 27 to 20.
Both teams settled down a little in the second half, but all efforts by the Gophers to overtake the Riveters were to no avail and the game ended with the Riveters well out in
front.
The summary:
Carl Madsen To Speak ToAIEE,ASMEJan.20
Featured in the convocation will the cut. be the Men’s Glee Club, the Pur- 4. The winner of the contest shall, duettes, the University orchestra with the/ cooperation of the office
of Electrical Engineers and the
cuss the wide variety of problems rent term. First term freshmen
will be Governor Henry S. Schrick- must not be a working member in American Society of Mechanical er; Col. William Carey, chief engi- more than two activities and must Engineers at 7:30 Thursday even-
neer of the Public Works adminis- confine his work on activities to the
University more pleasant. Lieutenants Dinnis,
Lukas Receive Posts In 1545 Service Unit
mg, January 20, at the University Lt. Charles Dinnis has been ap-
_ „ , . 1- A j 1 A 1 , , A , AicvAiuii HI YrcvouiugAuii, AAcoiuciiL —“ — 1 rainiug (.Aenter, auz iNo Benno Rabinoff, violinist, and his this final ink drawing after the E. C. Elliott of the University; S. C. Exceptions to this rule may be madfe dian street Indianapolis
accompanist, Sylvia Smith.
The convocation music will range 12 size.
completion of the contact in 8% by Hadden, chairman of the State with the peimission of the chair-
1546th
Highway Commission; Roy Crum, man of the committee
Talking on “The Industrial Ap- been transferred from the same poplication of Electronics,” he will sition with the 1356th SU, ROTC.
from classical to popular. Rabinoff 5. The winner shall receive a director of the Highway Research Organizations to List Workers explain such interesting processes In addition to his other duties Lt.
is scheduled to play a group of puze of $10.
Board m Washington; H. S. Fair-
classical selections as well as a 6. The winner shall receive a by- bank, chief of the division of
Heads of all student organiza- as the coating of plane parts by rations shall present typewritten lists dio waves. The ASME will hold its
Dinnis will be transportation officer. Lt. Wandell Lulias has been des-
duettes will be featured in a group of his efforts.
Roads Association, and Dean A. A. who come under the jurisdiction of Center, which was formerly the pany B. Lt.
of popular songs. A finale using all pencil sketches shall be Potter of the University’s engineer- the foregoing rules to the Dean of Hoosier Athletic Club
the organizations has been prom- submitted to the Senate office in the school.
ised.
Formal Reception
Union Building not later than February 4, 1944, for judging.
GRASSHOPPERS BEWARE.
Men, Dean of Women, Director of the Student Health Service and sen(See ELIGIBILITY, page 4)
SAVE SOME TALK.
regimental headquarters.
At Union To Honor Trample, Trample, Trample . . .
President, Trustees ^ T’Inl rill Campus Trail Blazers Fall Into Disrepute
Purdue (51)
EG
FT
PF
TP
P. Hoffman, f
5
0
3
10
Horn, f.. . '
2
0
2
4
Kennedy,f
0
0
1
0
Lodge, c
8
2
3
18
Haag, g
5
4
3
14
Friend, g
. 2
1
4
5
Elliott, g ....
0
0
1
0
Totals
22
7
17
51
Minnesota (38)
EG FT
PF
TP
Kelly, f
-A 3
0
2
,6
Lehrman, f .
3
1
2
7
Muske, c
. 0
0
2
0
Sutton, c .
0
2
2
2
Peterson, c
0
0
0
0
Geraghty, g
. 3
3
4
9
Baglien, g
1
0
2
2
DeLapp, g
3
6
3
12
Pepper, g
0
0
2
0
Snyder, g
0
0
0
0
Members of the Umveisity Club will hold a formal reception for the president of the University and the members of the Board of Trustees next Wednesday at 8:30 p. m. The reception will take place in the Swedish lounge of the Union and dancing, cards and a special program of recorded chamber music will be included m the entertain-
ment.
Dancing to the music of Glenn Wright’s orchestra will begin at 8:30 in the north ballroom. Prbf. and Mrs. M. E. Doty will be m charge of card playing and Prof. G. W. Halik will present the program oi recorded music in loom 263. The score for the music will be projected on a screen while the numbers • are being played. Delta Rho Kappa Pledges Myron Bender Mary Ruth Erb Juanita Garrett Katy Howes Marion Lafuze Bub Mendelsohn Virginia Sellers
By Peg Miner We weie all startled at the announcement which appeared in the notice column of a recent Exponent saying, “Starting Monday . . . civilians guilty of walking on the grass will have their names talcen; the second time there will be a fine of $10 charged.” Although there has been a standing rule that trailblazers are subject to a $6 fine, the order has been ignored so long that we were expecting to see it pop up any day among “It’s the Law’s” extinct ^ules. Comes the renaissance. Prof. Flank Hockema, assistant to the president, has announced the beginning of this campaign. Cooperative m the effort to make us campus-care conscious. Col. Donald M. Beere has stated, “Army men are expected to cooperate as well as civilians,” and Lt. Comm. Tracy Kegley adds that “Navy men discovered walking on the grass will be picked up by the shore patrol and will be subject to disciplinary action.” Strict Vigilance to Be Kept With the campus police appre-
hending civilians and reporting all service men to their officers, and with the shore patrol on the trail of trespassers, we think it a good idea to add some comment to the situation, lest the entire student body, in stark terror, refuse to go to class for fear of being caught (a poor excuse IS better than none). Perhaps harsh treatment will be necessary to make such a program effective, but we believe that a whole-hearted effort to cooperate would go a much longer way toward keeping our campus from looking like a Movietone News battlefield scene. How about it? University students have always been proud of their campus and want to keep it looking clean, neat and green. Civilians are aware of such a precedent but service men may not have been. Hence we digress to make concrete suggestions lest you pass this off as nonseiisation. One of the University’s pet observances is that we don’t walk across the oval plot on the east side of University Hall—the area on
which is located John Purdue’s grave. Even though a student leaves the library in a drizzling ram bound for a class in University Hall he has always been meticulously careful to walk around “the oval.” Simply tradition of long standing. Man or Mouse? The “Stop the Trailblazei” campaign suggests that this might be extended to include all campus ground. Why not? Thirty seconds and a little crusading spirit are the only requisites. “Screw your courage to'the stickrng point” some time immediately, if not sooner, and experiment to determine your coefficient of moral fortitude. The elements entering into the experiment are: (1) You with a class, say, in the Electrical Engineering Building. (2) You 50 feet away from the objective. (3) A concrete walk over there. (4) You over here. The additional number of steps required in using the walk is detei mined by the angle Theta. TO
cut across or not to cut across—■ that IS the question You hear the Heavilon Hall clock starting to strike the hour. Which wins out—■ the desire to make the class or the desire to keep $10? Such a question was asked about “The Lady and the Tiger” and nobody has told us yet^ Areas for Improvement Then there is the case of the daily safaris across the greensward approaching WRH South. Here we appeal to the logic of the coeds who make this trek. If you have heretofore gone on the theory that it saves time to cut across the lawn, here is accurate experimental data. Careful research into spherical trigonometry reveals that, although the trodden path appears to approach a straight line, going across the stone path and through North Hall not only means an additional 15 steps in a warm building, but is actually shorter because it tends to follow the great circle route north around the earth. The area in front of the Home Economics Building is another spot
to work on. And especially is this true of the plot immediately in front of Heavilon Hall. A prime bit of pathos is the “Please Help Protect Our Campus” sign surrounded by
bare earth.
Now Is the Time It really is hard foixus all to realize in the winter that tromping across hard—and, you add, already grassless—terrain can cause any injury. Perhaps you will understand, though, if you have been at the University during the summer, for it is then that green lawns show up with dusty brown paths straying across them. Another factor is habit—when spring comes and the ground becomes moist and slushy, will we suddenly remember the “Keep Off the Grass” campaign and mend our ways? It may be that new walks are needed in certain places, but until they can be built why don’t we all work on this project? We’re really not trying to make mountains out of molehills-—but just to grow grass
on them.
Totals 13 12 19 3^ Free throws missed- P. Hoffman (8), Kennedy, Horn, Lodge (5), Haag, Lehrman (2), Sutton, Geraghty (3), Baglien, DeLapp (3). Fraternity Affairs To Hold Frosh, Soph Callout On Tuesday Fraternity Affairs Oflree will hold a callout for freshmen and sophomore workers Tuesday at 1 in room 328 of the Union Building. All fraternity men on campus, whether actives or pledges, as -well as seryice men are eligible to tryout. Business nr the Fraternity Affairs Office-'is largely office vrork. Its mam purpose vs to serve as a clearing house for all inter-frater-nity business, and in order, to do this most efficiently the FAO has been divided into four committee, rush, publicity, special events ahd scholarship. Jobs ni all of these
committees are open
As the job ol the FAO is especially important m these times, it is hoped that fraternity men will respond in numbers for the callout, as it is to their interests that the
organiaatioii functions.
a Vi''} %
%
'4''
JPursue Exponent
Saturdayf Januafy ISl 1944^
i^uMue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
OHiccs Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldkouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Bu'iincsi rinniii,er Nrirs Edif-or Mimoms: I dilor Sports I !
EHis Murpli Mary Dill ilham H Tis Carolin lYiIbii 15 sscll M 1 II cb i
Publication Stiff Edifornl Start \S cate niors lad A1 rlt H tl M I erd Madelyn A (I tn )a -s J 15 I HI I, ot \ fatcl b Jan V n 1 \ 1 1 I Al M tl I t 1 StKit H , , , 1 1 rr I A^J-oc nte Si rls I I lor'= T n 1 \cl ni 1 a 1 Ct b Str' c ''"art Mor " 1 tt t ( I 1 El aa Leo rrielmn lac! M t r J N 1 1''“ tt "S Baker Business Staff \dy rtis ng Managir T T Ca rt As la t A,d crt si g Mai lyer 1! tt> Marey r at n i anafccr 1 C S
Staff For This Issue
R r c
1
1 J b t
1 c rd tor Harpol
Dav Tl tor Tucshei orl rd or W rifcl
llaan I ov.
\ ) 1 p- i hrn in S
start n t rr phor W C Tolber ell It it tli post ofTice in Lafa 1 t of C ngr Sb f March 3 18 f t 1 0 1 i for in sect o 191 ! r 1 1 n ary 20 192 I ri a;, a 1 Sat d y mornines do t n a t 111 Del vtred la f r s n 1 y mail lor $1 00 tor I on n av b obta ntd at the Exponen
W t D I of th U 0
t rl ng bv National Adverti r 1 h ri, I5ei rescntatives 42
\c loik N "1
1 c
qiie veisuMSTOH GRIN And bear it
By Liebiy
Gctisshopper Plague V\ e h-ii e found i Woiihy Cause to which to lei c 0111 effo s a cause which hasn’t been h^ ed ( T ^0l this ^cai Are you doing ^ oiu bit L in hum we thought you weie 0 lou UL the one who has been cutting n q 0 11 1 till campus Nowaien’tjou b a “u v\ e thought A ouweien’t^ Of course 'I c *1 e SIM ig cneigy which you are devot1 ) Ici Tl effoit studying folding surgi Cc- cu-^ mgs foi the Red Cioss, and getting ruio icn PE U oi which vou aie not doing aum a^ SuCoi (H A01 lie saAing time, time Avhich Aju Will itud gi/ing at aolu fellow class mcribei th tcAA m mites betoie the bell iin s Til 1" i\eiy mi Cl esting pastime and slmu u ch \(U man lessons in abnoimal psA chol )o^ riiiidh A 01 a imuidctti Ton aie tram pimg on loimaut b ides cl niiAing them ot ife V'h 1 sunn-, coi i s ihcA should tuin 9 0 1 1 ( 1 ui h case of A oil these 0 11,^1 c E li m iihioMi udyandveiy de 1 YOU i-ou th eonli hiilion to the eausc is to giA obs +0 moic nm ihi will help to pull 00 CGi iiTA cut it ihc del u aie now Gi mg nen nil hue the lobs of 11 I o-} I s dong liie ( iini us eow p^iths Ih A ( u ai e gii 1 ig I oil' sell a no\ cl Avay cf ttiim i 1 oi excess Cc h oi oi giving youi se CoiiOls icn ohiis is only one AAeekend 0 un a ' A hat aie i ' enty liAe dements 1 coiiv^h lou li Aou want to be a glass ij hi e fun doin„ it S ue eneigj, time ^ 11 ki gusi ostomoienien and lose ten '■am t\ ei tj hAC dements the easy r aR ccioss the glass instead of using 1 alks proMcled —i m f Noi Completely Dead M lu igh the f oed Canteens began successful A w iih tw 0 of them taking place during intd ‘'•c ,-10 1 up until noAV they had appaicntlj been aboi cloned until Student Senate officials am ounced this Aveek that an attempt would be m icL t > he Id o le a w c ek li om Sundaj The Ric ss ( ndta\ 0 ii Iia eocds in t^ie Women s Resi del CO lici^ oiontics and gals co opeiative nc ! e If) enlc) lam SCI A ice men on Sunday aft ei noo 1 1 ad bee n all iaa cd to lapse this semestei toi n iiv icusone accoidmg to the explanauon 3I u In Sfnatc woikeis ihD hnt s ambling block oceuned with the necci toi isoiganization ot the infoimation lupd )n Senate m planning foi the Canteens a CO It is necess a\ loi them to know the locaCoi of (\ ei ‘^ci a ice man on campus before the ca angsn ntsifim it itions to the aftaas can be mail Leloietm lists weie completed ■the ill! ( n 'eniic hit the campus while on sue ccelmfe we(K nds \aiious soioiitics held hoi (knee (.1(1 CLOU rs oi lacation intei t( red ( 1 lin I li liu (\j)l uutioii 1-5 undeistand abl jt ! 10 iiiH h d tluif line licen sga <f ’ tn ( cnap tin i a 11( n weeks when Co e 1 ‘ iiiU( 11 \ uiild h i\e bcci^jossible Since th 1 pm e to 111 lust affmis Avas on the wlilixai 1 I ( it 1 iK t logical that the Avholc id 1 houhl b ihow ed to d( elinc liov c\ei ^mce at the 1 isl C diiteen attend ante at ei a 11 al 11 ihe housi s was not as gieat as \i f'l (lid i lew oJ the coed gioups aie not ac! n» d to le 1 that it i woith Avhile Xo spend tl'c mo)!e^ 1 ji iiiii hnnnts oi worth the time nici'-san 1 i rn iki thi altci noons a success With this 111 nand as lai as Senate is con cauitidf tlic Canteens on lamuirA 23 will be
MERRY-GO-RdUND • y DRiW PEARSOM Lobby Plugging For Lower Taxes Financed By Tax Exempt Donations Of Corporations AVASIIINGTON—llic most potent bdtkstdge big biismefes lobby m AV ishmgton now plugging foi lowei taxes happens to be fin uiccil by tljt giacious exemp tions of the United States Tieabuiy The lobbying job is done by membeis of such oigan izations IS tin United States Chambei of Commeice and the C ommittei foi Lconomic Development and they opei ite so successfully because the eontiibu tions which m untun them aie t ix exempt Any coi poiation which his piofits in the 90 peicent excess piofits class can mike contiibutions to United States Chambei of Commeice oi Committee foi Economic Deyclopment pi icticilly without siciificc Since the don ition^; aic deductible, 90 peicent of then, donations aicixud indiiectly by Uncle Sam to lobby against his fut uic tax tike On the othci side ot the ledgei is the unfoitunate fact that i fund for liberal causes is not tax exemiit Federal lax courts have just ruled that the endowment created by Kobert Marshall to advance the cause of laboi unions and cml libeities is mteresteiT in “promoting legislation” and therefore not deductible But if you aie piomotmg legislation for lower taxes it’s inothci mattei 1 hat can come out of your income tax 'The Women" Of Congress Repicsentative Claie Luce of Connecticut probably nevei lealized befoie she came to AVashington how tiiie to life lb hei spaikling play The Women Hei lilends ,„ol i taste of it in a capital cocktail lounge the othei night duiing a conveisation between Repie sentative Winifred Stanley of New Yoik Mis Luce’s chict coilipetitoi for Congiessional Glamoui Giil honois and bewhiskeied ex Congiessman Geoige 1 inkh un of M iss ichusetts Aflei being intioduced to the blonde Miss Stanley m the Cailton Hotel cocktail lOom Tmkliam inquired if she 1 new Mi s Lut e indicating he would like to meet hci AVhy Id be delighted to intioduce you, puiied Miss St uilcy You do like actiesses don t you ’ ' This one flooied Tinkham tempoiaiily A famous glolie tiottei himself the foimei Congressman who used to hunt elephants in A.fiica tiied to change the object by commenting on Mis Luces tiavels Oh yes lesponded Miss Stanley Mis Luce is 1 veil known tiaveler She has spent fifteen minutes in Tokyo as I lecall and also has flitted thiough most ot the othci capitals of the woild hunting loi mateiial foi hei wiitings Dairy Diseases Eveijbody is awiie of the buttci shoitage but not m uiy uc in aie of the fact that daily heids aie being lepleled by Stile uid Fedeial slaughtei at the late oi 10 000 head i month in oidei to wipe out Bang s disease This lb now the woist mil no t widespiead disease in ong 11 U S cittle Dcpaitment of Agiicultnie cflici ils cl uin they have leducel Bings diseise 50 licicci t in the p 1st ten ye Ub yet it still stands it the top oJ in unhc iltliy lisl n ilh m ibtitis next mil tubei cLilo is n ai il n ii the lint Icn Ihous mil 1 died i month is i lot oL cons net llici ils Icfend the liu htci c impugn Ihey b ly list 1 the c iws ue old ist olt animals no longei pi (fit lie 101 du y piiduction Also they point out ih it cnntis ue given the ] i ivilcgc of keeping my mim ils nhich m ly he pioductivc even thou,,,h dis c ised The disc sc pjiiluccs undul mt ic\ci m humans n Inch c 111 cd flic clc ith of Edsel Fold I \cn moic difficult to comb it is mastitis m mfee tion of the uddci OFicials of the Agncultuie Depiit mci t have imjilc oppoitunity to obseive m istitis close it 1 md loi the heids if the Sokheis Home and St I 1 / il eth llosj it il uc both infected These hcids hue the best cue and uc not piibhed foi utmost inoductioii IS 111 commciciil heids yet the disease IS pcioistcnt In fact the comhin ition of B mg s disease and m is tills IS miking i seiious situation on i nationnide sc ill Many Jobs Crowley White m med Loo Ciowley head of FLA has so m my jobs md so many people woikii g foi him that he c in t keep up n ith them Some tilnc igo he leccivcd i iclephonc call fiom Scciclaiy ol Ihc Inteiioi Ickcs who w intcd to take in ly one ol Ciowlcys lop men 1 owlei Hiipci to be Solicitoi of the Dep iitment oi the Inteiioi (Hai pel ioimcily Dem of Liw at Indian i Univeibily was biought to Washington by P ml McNutt) But Cionley mistook 1 owlci Ilaipei loi 1 owlci Hamilton nho ilso noils loi FEA Hamilton had )Ubt been to London on \ mission of ecoi onuc wait ue malysis and Ciowley had talked with him ibout the tup So this Fowlei was m his inihd lies i„oodmm said Cionley to Ickcb but he s put bad liom I ondon md I in suic wc cm bpaie him 111 lool into it Honevei Ciowley latci got the n„ht in in mil told I on lei Ilaipei th it Ickes n intccl him m Inteiioi But the next tunc he saw Fowlei II inultoii ho slipped bad into his old eiioi I hate to lose you he aid but I 1 non you mil do a good job toi Ickes Hull Reminisces Coidell Hull leccivcd in unexpected c illci the othci (1 ij U S Dibtiict Judge Jefty 0 Connoi of C ih foimci foimci Comptiollci of the Cuiieiicy md the man nho ically pioneeied the fedoi il deposit inbiii mcc system ittei the big b ink smash up ii 19 2 Hull h id 1 nown lofty when Jefty was one of the lew Dcinociats in Noith Dvkoti They had fought mmy piogicbsivc battles togethei—^usually on the losing side Rcc ilhng them the Secietuy of Stile mused Some d ly nhen ihe wai is ovci and I can lotiie liom ill this you md I mubt sit down togethei and look back ovei the mistakes we hiye m ide and the tlui gs wc c uld h ivc done bettei fudge 0 r onii 1 flew liack to I os Angeles thml iiig fjiat litci J uth h )iH ml chuity humility comes next (fopyu,.,hl IMl l\ United I c lUnc by iidic itc Inc) used ds an indication as to whethei iutuie ones aic desiicd by both the scnici rnen and the coeds —k m h
Caesar FiancTc 6 15—Fellowship Supper >6 00—Prof 0 F Hall will lead the discttssioti gioup in a considera tion of “European Minoiity Gioups Now in America ” 7 00—Closing woiship Tuesday at 8—Open foi urn at which Di Haiidas Muzumdai will speak on “The Shape of Things to Come ” Single admission, 65 cents
01W4 ChcagoTn 3 IJic f- ^
‘Yes, you pass—but thank heatens we alieady have an aimy ’
§M, JhsL QhukchpA, St lolins Episcopal Chinch Sixth Uld leiiy Re\ R 1 Ihointon Rcctoi 8 d 111 —Holy Communion 10 45—Choidl moimng piayti Uld seimon on the topic Who Do You Think You Aie‘( The anthem lb Loid Most Holy by Abt This seivice will be bioadcast ovei WASK 7 30—Union Sund ly cvening*.foi um The speal oi will be Rev Hai old Holt D D lectoi ot the Giacc Chinch Oil Puk 111 Hib subject will be Ihe Chuich s Faith n Com munity Actio i
NAHi
I irst Chnsti in (lunch Cornel Sixth uul North Rci Dovlc Alullen Ministe 9 0—Sund ly bch ol riiicl Wil bon 1 membti of the Seventh D ly Adventist Chi 11 h willsptil ibout hci icligion 10 40—Ghuich Scivicc 5 7—Sunday I ver ing Club will meet +01 i 15 cc it suppci md the
~ NOW PLAYING
Red’s a not as he drives Brooklyn wackier than ever* ISS Ilf ESI a^d FOlilliEST!
THE BROOKLYN DODGERS
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 80—Moining Seivice in Eliza Fowlei Hall with Rabbi Gaiboty officiating in Rabbi Simon s ab senee 6 00—Suppei
CMsiliild Add
Money to Loan—On diamotiJs watefiei Buns luBgaBo typewriters „ Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia Typeuriters—AdilinK machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo praph woilt done C P EbtraholT 606 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost—Slide rule and black note book Name on slide rule case Reward Call Pfe William Reckman 3l792 Lost—Man s cameo ring in wash: rooii^ Puiduc Union Tuesday Reward Phonu 46904
Roger Williams I oundation West Lafayette Baptist Church 5 30—A 20 cent meal will be seived 0 80—“The Whole Tiuth’” will be the topic undei discussion
Lutheran Students Association 610 Noith Ninth Street Will hold a squaie dance tomoi low foi all students and seivice men The meeting will be held m the chinch basement and starts at 7 30 p m
Satyrday,, January 15 7 30PM Basketbill—Minnesota Fieldhouse 9 00 P M D uico South Ballroom Union
(fiist of i senes of discussions on the functions of pi letical leligion The fiist speikei will be Rev E R Balsley of the Methodist Founda tion The discussion will follow this addiess
University Presbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant Rev John W Findley, Minister 9 30—Student class will be led m a discussion of the Book of Mat thew by Di Goidon Graves of the mathematics depaitment 10 30 — Morning woiship Mi Findley’s subject is to be ‘ Peace Now ” 5 00—Sunday Evening Fellow ship which IS open to all students and seivice men with recreation, lefieshments and a meeting follow mg Bill Faust will lead the dis
Scholarsfifps ' All applications for cash award scholarships for the coming term and applications fortreUcwals of these scholaxships for the coming term must be submitted to the Division of Educational Reference before Januacy 31, 1944 The case award scholarships are as follows The Estate of LaVerne Noyes Scholarships, Richard WethenU Scholarships, Eleanoie Moore Bennett Scholarship, Charles Hamlin Scholarships and Jesse Levering Cary Scholarships H H REMMERS, Director.
cussion on “How Personal Is Cod’” 7 00—Vespei Woiship Fiiday fiom 7 to 11—A party will be held in the church recreation looms with dancing games and lefieshments
Wesley Foundation CoiiiLi State and Sheetz Stieets Rev E R Balsley, Minister 9 30—Sunday School 10 40—Moimng woiship at which Di Otto B Steele will pi each on Hie Motives of the.Mastei Music will include two anthems Chei ubim Song by Glmka and Wei come Welcome Deal Redeemei by ■—y — '—
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest .hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
Staffs TOMORROW
AND
SO mmam. it has no imu *
ROBEBT SEHCjiLEV
"FLESH and FANTASY’ starring in the ordei of their appearance ROBERT BENCHLEY BETTY FIELD ROBERT CUMMINGS wih EDGAR BARRIER EDWARD G. ROBINSON Wi) THOAfAS MITCHELL C AUBREY SMITH ANNA LEE DAME MAY WHITTY CHARLES BOYER BARBARA STANWYCK CHARLES WINNINGER — LAST TIMES TODAYHUMPHREY BOfiART I hint DEAD END KIDS
Re-released because they re TIMtLVl
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
starring RICHARD JANE DIX-WYATT
and-—.
— ALSO —- MARCH OF TIME Portugal—Europe s Crossroads" — plus — COLOR CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY RAIDERS OF R|D GAP' ' TAXI-MISTER' SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST AFRICA' PATHE NEWS
Sleaiiilg of Pre-lar Thoroyghness Fven under the pressure of a greatly increased vol lime of business, we have never swer4 ed from our main objective in Diy Clean mg— THOROUGHNESS Wc expect to be here a long tune And in the muchr liked of post war ’ period, u hen we II be needing every cListomei we can get, you 11 he judging us by the kind of icivitc vse give you NOW \X e hope you 11 leraember tint m niOROUGHNESS of cleaning wc ve never ' let }Ou down Kindly leturn a coat hingcr with each garment you sendSdtUtddy^ January 1944
Purdue Pxp&niMt
Page $
m'
TOiiermaker Wrestling learn Uereats lllini 22-o
B^rs' Bojuiig Team ^gorously; *1 / Meets filing Plimned ynder the guidar^ee of Coach Beers and his assistant, Neil Champaigne, the boxing team is rapidly shaping into top form. With the sd'dltion of six men to the group of 25 practicing regularly the team is becoming well rounded. However there is still need for boxers in the 118 and 125 pound classes. Though the team has not been practicing long enough to say who will be tops, Champaigne noted several with possibilities. Charles liOrne, weighing in at 146, is fast recovering from a hand injury and should be back working out Monday. Ted Owens, who worked out with the team last year, is showing improvement. Don McMillan in the 175 pound class and Wade JankoAVitch in the 160 pound class are "(yorking hard. Brace and Pearson show promise in the welteinveight class. Coach Beers is still trying to arrange matches for the team. Replies are expected from Wabash College and DePauw University. When Scheduled, the matches will be half iSme features at Boilermaker basketball games. I Riftemen Start Practice l^or Interfraternity Meet 1 Practice for the inter-fiateinity liifle meet started a week ago last Monday and will continue until Janpary 20. These practices are for the purpose of determining the teams from each house. If it is not possible to attend the bight when scheduled, practice can be crowded into the following bights. Though there have been father slim turnouts for these sessions, it is presumed that everyone will have their shooting eye ready for the meet, which will stait on Monday, January 24.
Riveter Swimmers Hold Infra-Squad Meet Today; Cancel DePauw Meet In place of the regular swimming meet with DePauw, which has been canceled. Coach Dick Papenguth is planning to hold an intrasquad meet tomorrow. The meet tomorrow will be the second time this season that DePauw has canceled a regularly scheduled meet. The match meet tomorrow, which is designed to keep the swimmers in condition, will be held among individuals. There is a possibility that spme of the records of the_ Riveter val’sity swimmers in past years will be broken during the meet and in the I event that they are they will become official in the Boilermaker lecords. Coach Papenguth expects either Hansel, Porter or Salmon or maybe all to break one of these existing records. The next meet will be a three-way affair with Northwestern and Wisconsin at Northwesiern. This meet will be a prelude to the Big Ten competition at Northwestern some tune in February. IM Schedules Ward and Fraternity Basketball Tuesday, January 18 Court 1—7:20, Lambda-Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi; 7:35, Sigma Nu vs.Triangle; 8:30, Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi; 8:45, Alpha Sigma Phi vs Tau-Pi-Phi. Court 2—7:20, Tau-Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; 7:35, Acacia vs. Sigma Chi; 8 30, Chi-Alpha vs. Beta Sigma Psi; 8•45, Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Theta. Couit 3—7-20, Kappa Sigma vs. Theta XI; 7:35, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon; 8 30, Phi Delta Theta vs Delta Upsilon; 8:45, Rochdale vs Owen Court 4—7'20, Mai wood vs. Circle Pines; 7:35, Rockets vs. Luma; 8.30, International vs. Doverettes; 8 45, Hot Shots vs. Purdue Only. EVERY BLADE COUNTS.
Grandstand Echoes By Ross Lipes i ALEX AGASE BACK FOR VISIT We were very much surprised yesterday afternoon to run into Alex Agase, former Boilermaker grid star and unanimous All-American guard chbice for two years in a row The last time that we saw Alex was m Madison, Wis., after the Riveter-Badger grid tilt that closed Alex’ grid career, temporarily, at least, until the war is over. At that time he was preparing to embark for Parris Island to take his basic training as a Marine private. Now a private first class, Alex told us that he had just completed his basic course and was on furlough proceeding his entering OCS at Quantico. When we asked him how it was that he received a furlough, he replied, “We finished our basic and had about two weeks until OCS opened, so they gave some of us a vacation. They only picked 16 out of each 72 men and I happened to be one of the lucky ones.”
Note To Meet Mtrtmen Meef Wfiteon din Meye Court Here This Afternoon
BUTKOVICH AT NEW RIVER, N. C. We were curious as to what happened to the lest of the Boilermaker gridders that went to Pains Island with Alex, and here's what he told us. Tony Butkovich, John Gems and Bill O’Keefe have all been sent to New River, N. C. Pinky Newell, Rocky Milla and Jimmy Darr are all going to Quantico with Alex. Tom Hughes is receiving a medical discharge and will probably return to school. We forgot to ask about John Staak, but trust that he will be going on with one of these groups. OCS that Alex and the rest of the fellows are going to attend has just been lengthened to 28 weeks, formerly having been 20, then 24, and now 28. That takes care of Alex for the next six months.
COLLEGES—-NOT HIGH SCHOOLS To y6u who were perplexed by the Purdue Relays story that was in Thursday’s paper that stated that high schools would be entered in the forthcoming Relays, we would like to extend our apologies and correct the mistake. Universities and colleges will comprise the entrants, not universities and high school as was stated. According to Coach Hermon Phillips, diiector of the Puidue Relays, plans are progressing and should blossom out very soon.
Your Finest Clothes MED FIIEST CLEAIIIVG
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Nort-hwestern at Vine Street
YEA, RAH—WRESTLING SQUAD Congratulations to Coach Claude Reeck and to the members of his wrestling squad m their second successive conference victory yesterday afternoon It looks as though the fellows might come through and bring another championship to the University. Illinois and Northwesteim are supposed to have the toughest squads in the Big Ten, but the Boilermakers downed both of them by comfortable margins Another mat battle with Wheaton College is scheduled for 4 o’clock this afternoon on the basketball floor in the Fieldhouse. The enthusiastic crowd that was on hand yesterday afternoon was tieated to some veiy good exhibitions of wrestling, and got a big kick out of Carl Liang, 121 pound Chinese battlei, who won the first varsity tilt that he was ever eptered in We would like to urge everybody that is interested in sports to attend this afternoon’s wrestling meet. If you’ve never seen a collegiate grappling contest before we assuie you that you will thoroughly enjoy it.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
We Think You’ll Like the Tempting Cafeteria Fare
JhjL fiwidusL TyimufdaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Indiana, one of this year’s younger members of the Big Ten basketball family, got itself initiated into the Western Conferernce wars here last Saturday night, January 8, and Hoosier Coach Harry Good, after sending his first team into a Big Ten fray, knows there is a lot of work to be done. Beginning with this Friday and Saturday’s double-header at Ohio State, the Hoosiers embark on an eight-week conference schedule, with two non-conference foes thrown in at various spots for a change of pace. The Goodmen meet Miami at home on January 22, play Iowa at Bloomington in a twin bill January 28 and 29, travel to Michigan February 4 and 6, play doubleheaders against Wisconsin and Minnesota before closing the season with the Peru Naval Base quintet and Purdue at home. Play Without Tipton The immediate question confronting C^ch Good now as he girds his Hoosiers to step into the thick of the conference battle is the draft states of George Tipton, starting fmward and high scorer. Should the Terre Haute boy be accepted by the army. Good has Claude Retherford, slim, scrappy six-footer from French Lick, ready to step into the forward spot. Retherford, although 18 years of age and subject to draft call, has shown a lot of promise in Indiana’s opening nine games this year and played a whale of a game in the loss to the Riveters. Outside of Tipton, the woist of Good’s draft troubles seem to be gone. The remainder of his I’egular squad is either of the four-eff variety or will not reach the 18-year-old mark until late January or February—and’the season closes on March 4. This, to Good, is consoling, for he has already had his starting lineup changed twice by aimed foices calls. IM Schedules Army Basketball Schedule Monday, January 17 Court 1—6-45, A6 vs. D4; 7‘00, E4 vs. A2; 7:56, A3 vs. A7; 8.10, A4 vs. B2. Court 2—6 45, E6 vs. E2; 7:00, B1 vs. A5; 7:55, G5 vs. B6; 8:10, B7 vs. G2. Court 3—6:45, C4 vs. E7; 7:00, B3 vs. C5; 7.65, E8 vs. C6; 8.10, B4 vs. C7. Court 4—6:45, D1 vs. F2; 7.00, B5 vs. G4; 7:65, G6 vs. C3. Wrestling Schedule Jan. 14—Illinois, here. Jan. 15—Wheaton College, here, Jan. 22—Indiana, here. Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. Feb. 8—DePauw, here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at Northwestern. GET OUT OF THE RUT.
By Tom Somers
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Coach Reeck’s matmen will face Wheaton College from Wheaton, 111. If predictions go right, this will be the hardest assignment the Riveter wrestlers have
had to face this year.
By winning all but two matches, the Riveter wrestling squad rang up a one-sided 22-8 triumph over the University of Illinois ■ at the Fieldhouse yesterday
afternoon. The lllini boasted a strong team, but lacked the punch when the going became
tough.
Little Dave Liang started the Boilermakers rolling to victory with an easy decision over Jack Tradman. Liang got away and went behind Tradman twice and also scored on time. Illinois took over the lead for a short time by means of a pm in the 128 pound match. George DeLong of the lllini pinned Sam Johnson of the Boilermakers. Boilermakers Regain Advantage The Boilermakers, However, regained the advantage m the next
Dan
Nettesheim won the decision over George Voorhees of Illinois. The 145 pound match was the best fought contest of the afternoon, and it held the most interest from the fans. Alt Aerne was finally able to beat Bob Hughes of the visitors. Hughes put up a real fight all the way through the match, but Aeme, by winning two points on time, was able to get the verdict. Newt Coppie and Jim Mm ray of Illinois tangled in the 155 pound match and
Copple won easily.
The Boilermakers won again in
These companies are not sched- che 165 pound match. Jack Shepard uled to visit the campus; however, was able to get the advantage and
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y.—Jan. 17 and 18. Interested in M.E., E.E. and Met.E. Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p. m.
Jan. 16.
«
National Malleable and Steel Castings Co., Melrose Park and Chicago, 111. Interested in Met.E , Ch. E., M.E. and E E. Date of visit to be announced. Sign in Personnel
Office by Monday, Jan. 17.
Bell Aircraft Corp., Buffalo, N. Y. —Fiiday, Jan. 21. Interested in
M.E , AeE., C E. Sign in Pei son- bout and held it all the way.
nel Office by 3 p. m. Thursday, Jan.
20.
U. S. Coast Guard Academy, New London, Conn.—Fiiday, Jan. 21. Interested in all students. Sign m Personnel Office by 4 p. m. Tuesday,
Jan. 18.
Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Coip, New York, N. Y.—^Date of visit to be announced. Bign in the Personnel Office by Fiiday, Jan. 21. Interested in physicists, chemists, Ch.E., Met E. and allied technical personnel.
they are interested in students for’
employment:
Lear Avia, Piqua, 0—Interested in M.E. and EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Jan. 17. If a sufficient number sign up, a representative may visit the campus. Slick Glass Co., Gas City, Ind — Interested in M E. and Ch E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednes-
day, Jan 19.
Kimberly-Clark Corp.,
Wis.—Interested in draft exempt men, M.E , C E , Ch.E,, chemists and physicists. Women: Business Administration, Home Economics and physicists. Sign in Personnel Office
by Friday, Jan. 21.
McQuay Norris Mfg. Co., Conner sville, Ind-r-Inteiested in men
pm Ed Bower of the Hlinois. Jim Breckitt, the Illini’s 175 pound class fighter, has been sick and, since they were way behind, Coach Law of Illinois decided to forfeit the match. The heavyweight match, Illinois' only other win, was the closest fought match of the afternoon. A1 Glassgen finally bested Jim MacMillen of the Boilermakers in an overtime decision. Running score: Dave Liang (P) over Jack Trad-
Neenah, man (I).
George DeLong (I) pinned Sam
Johnson (P).
Dan Nettesheim (P) over George
Voorhees (I).
Alt Aerne (P) over Bob Hughes
(I).
Newt Copple (P) over Jim Murray U)
and women chemists and’Tihysicists. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Jan. 21. Swimming Schedule Jan. 22—Purdue, Wisconsin, at Northwestern. Jan. 29—Purdue at Michigan. Feb. 5—Northwestern here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Illinois. Feb. 19—Conference meet at Northwestern.
Jack Sheppard (P) pinned Ed Bower (I). Joe Hersch won on forfeit. A1 Glassgen (I) over Jim MacMillen (P). Referee: Tatum of Indiana University. Buy War Bonds And Stamps '
AFTER THE GAME MEET THE GANG AT JAe, J-oioJk/L Boilermaker Headquarters O. M. Pipes '31mmm
Mtr
i» s«i
It
4 y mL
Marine
■" " • j
tge4
For Service Men, By Service Men
Saturday, [January 1^,
dm
JhiL ^tuduf. Bcu^ By Jay Newman A S USNR • ?)t»OST MORTEM *Woid comes thiousfh that President Elliott congiatiilated the boys on then perfoimance in ‘Scuttlebutt and Biine ’ They deseiye it—the play wafe well lecevied The scuttlebutt to the effect that the show may be le peated on neaiby campuses is somewhat off the beam It lust ain’t so It’s somewhat unfoitunate that some of the best jokes weie unintelligible to anyone not in the Na\ y The submai me scene, f oi example, was not aimed at anj one in paiticulai It was lust a take off on the lectuiing heroes we’ve been seeing a lot of in general No, LIFE did not show up But then none of the bettei publications cairied laige leviews of the show Oi didn’t you lead Tuesday’s Expo nent’
New Army Redistribution Program Improves Conditions For Furloughs Furloughs at home for fighting men from overseas have become an actuality with the opening at Ft Devens, Mass, of the first receiving station in the Army’s recently adopted redistribution program The plan is described in the Union Vedette, of Ft Douglass, which is also operating as a receiving station -
• LOOSE ENDS Every once in a while a notice is posted to the effect that you le to eat m youi own chow hall and leave other people’s alone even if the glass IS greener ovei there The rule was repeated again this week and m the very same wold‘s too with this exception this time the management is taking ways and means ol seeing that it’s enforced A word to the wise, and all that sort of thing iH t Dis H K Bel go and Stanley Jakubs are due to be transfer led from the station soon Dr Jakubs is a dent st Dr BeigoaniM D Dr Beigo IS the one who keeps the Sick Bay lads in stitches (Notf meant that way) Our fiist acquaintance with him came last summer wyien one of our m grown toenails began to exert enough pressure to inakfe itself felt “You don’t want me to cut that out, said the docMi “It will hurt like hell” But we gently persisted (he s a full lieutenant) So he rounded up a knife a flashlight and a big black book While a Pharmacist’s Mate held the flashlight on oui offending toe Dr Bergo held the knife m one hand the book m the otliei and began carving That s the way the opera tion went two or three lines of reading, a few mutter mgs and then a few slices on the toenail followed by a?hurried look at the book and a relieved smile Later we were told that the doctor not only was good at opera tions but the ver-s best m Detroit before he entered the Navj
citation previously awarded him catches up with him at this point By the time he returns from his furlough he has been reclassified according to job the appropriate command has been notified of his availability and the proper place
Somewhat similar to the Army Air Forces redistribution progiam set up late in 1943, the plan calls for a furlough of twenty days, in addition to traveling time, for bringing
all of a man’s records up to date, has been found for him
and for reclassification where it is
required
With 14 stations operating all over the country, the soldier is lout ed to the nearest to his home oi to ■vyheie he will spend his furlough Processing activities for returned
In many cases he is given a per manent assignment to the aim or service to which he Was originally connected but with a unit in the
states
Both officers and enlisted person nel are being rotated m this man
soldiers operate on what is virtual- y,er m so far as the availability of ly a 24 hours a day schedule and leplacements with adequate combat an effort is made to have each man p permits Many overseas posts on his way home within 24 hours are sending men back under the
after he arrives at the station
Given Back Pay
During the time that he spends
plan
Sponsored jointly by the Atlanta
'Leatherneck' Pictures Marine At University January, 1944, issue of Leatherneck, a magazine published by and for the tJ S Marine Corps, contains a picture article on V 12 marine life at the University Complete with 27 photographs taken on the campus, the article depicts the daily schedule of a typical marine college trainee The marine student selected as typical by the author of the story is Charley Tiinkner of Green Bay, Wis , veteran of Pacific action, who, after three years with the corps, traded his sergeant’s stripes for a chance to go to college Typical Pictures First pictures show Trmkner reporting for duty last July and checking in with Capt E W Whipple, commanding officer of the University marine detachment Other pictures show the established routine of classes, study and recreation ^ Photos taken in Barracks 11 and pictures of the Union bowling alleys and ballrooms and of church on Sunday complete the weekly sched-
ule
Notices
Skull and Crescent An impoitant meeting will be held in room 866 of the Union at 7 80 p m on Wednesday Jan 19 The pos sibilities of pledging will be discussed It is imperative that each membei attend since this meeting will determine whether the Cotillion will be held Be on time
—KLEIN
Tan Beta Pi There will be a compulsoiy
meeting Wednesday Jan 19 at 7 16 p m in room 212 of the Union for the election of new members There will be a fine of fifty cents levied against each member who IS absent without a written excuse from the
corresponding secretary or myself
—KVANS
AH Students Starting Monday campus po lice will intensify then vigilance Civilians gnilty of walking on the grass will have their names taken The second time they are caught there will be a fine of $10 00 enlarged -r-GEOSS Debris Staff Meeting Monday Jan 17 not Fiiday at 4 in Debris office —NBESE G E 11 "g E 12 and DN 1 Condition make up examination will be held Saturday
January 22 at 1 p m in room 801 of Miehaeb Golden Shops Bring complete drawing eumpment but no text book Civllan students make arrangements with Eegistrai for feo deposit ^ —OWEN All Star Volleyball Team Game at 7 p m> Monday Jan 17 Gold team will consist of Clark Gettinger Allen Rose Shattuck By* rum J Walter Nesius Black team Giilbiaith Cornea Feteraon J Smith Beese. Ezner B Walter Young Service men and general public are invited to watch the game.
—PETERSON
Lutheran Students A square dance is being held Sunday Jan 16 in the church basement located at 610 Ninth St The meeting starts at 7 30 —HOLLIDAY
Pro/. J. Liston associate professor of aeionautical engineeting, is attendiPg the national meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineers at Detioit Liston IS past president of the Indiana section of this organization ahd IS on the present gov-* erning board
• SEEING THINGS Thmsday night ve gatbeied up the resigned loommate and shoved off for a television lectuie in the Physics building Theie we saw foi the first time a television set in opeiation Nevei having seen one we veie pie pared foi almost anything What we saw vab a staitingly clear pictiue about one foot in aiea Although v>e veie about twenty feet away from theieceivei eveij detail on the scieen was easy to pick out Theie was nobluii no fuzziness no stiaining to see what v as going on The lectuiei is responsible foi uniaveling one of the toughest knots encounteied by television engineeis tiansmission of sound and light on the same cariiei wave Di Kuit Schlesinger looks lathei young foi one who has done as much woik in the field as he has You expect an enei
BOOKS ^ GIFTS / \ STATIONERY ^ f ATHLETIC SUPPLIES ^ X OFFICE SUPPLIES X AND EQUIPMENT Decker’s Inc
at the leception centei he is given Journal and the Univeisity of Geoi any back pay due him and intei gia a laige niiiial is being done m viewed foi classification Dbiing fiesco in the Heniy W Giady his furlough his records are brought School of Journalism by Jean Char up "To date and often a medal or lot getic man of sixty and you find a charming man of less than tliiity Most students would recognize him even though they woUldn t know who he is for Di Schlesinger has been working at the Univeisity for several years When he was forced to leave Austria his native home and then Fiance because of the German occupations, he headed for the U S The RCA was onlj too glad to add him to then staff of research woikeib but he pie sented quite a piobleni an “enemy alien uasnt allowed near the RCA labs working on government projects So he was given his ov\n lab here at the Univeisity where he has been doing some leinaikable things with television His face is always ready to break into a smile even when he s lectuiing One might soak up a lot ot ^ood nature jovialitj and modesty just by being around him The University is lucky in having him heie
(Continued from page 1) 101 diieetoi of the Activities Bu leau The proper officer of each organization shall initiate the check on scholastic average requirements and be responsible to the Dean of Men and the Dean of Women for seeing that this lequiiement is met Thib should be done before nomrna tions 01 appointments are made Fust production of the season by the College Theater Alabama State College for Women, was James Hil ton b ‘Lost Horizon ” Trr An Lxponent Classified’
EG 8-OZ.
$i SIZE
PLUS TAX
REG. $2 FULL-PINT SIZE-$1 plui tax • Helps keep skin romantically soft and smooth in spite of chapping ■winds and harsh weather Use as a luxurious body rub a flattering powder base Buy now—save halP
Follow Our Boilermakers Rest and Relax at the dloieL J'OwhA.
Bine Blazer
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Walnut Room Cafe O. M. Pipes, "31
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery J<insL (BjiujcuL and. fia&jUtieA.
SPORTS EQUIPMEIMT For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell at 4th Street Annex
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE
No.
Name
Position
24
Lodge
F.
3
Horn
F.
9
Gustafson
F.
23
Kennedy
C.
27
Frazier
C.
30
Haag
G.
25
Friend
G.
Sojudhwifdltii. SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to yon, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer yon the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply
MINNESOTA
No. Name 35 DeLapp 30 Lehrman 22 Wright 3 Geraghty 31 Sutton
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
Ward (Piggy) Lambert ^
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO. GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE (.orner ol Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and Main
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
w ' i 4 ti Z' K
■■I
m
m