Exponent Issues Call-Out For Sophbmore Workers All sophomore men who are Sophomore co-eds desiring interested in working on the to work on the Exponent editoeditorial staff of the Exponent rial staff will meet in the Exposhould meet in the Exponent nent office in the sub-basement office in the basement of the of the Union Tuesday afterUnion on Tuesday afternoon at noon at 4 o’clock. 4:30 o’clock, it was announced ' Although it is desirable, preyesterday by Lee Ruffner, vious experience is not necesmanaging editor of the paper, sary since a preliminary trainAt this meeting the general or- ing school will be conducted, ganization of the paper will be At this school the co-eds will discussed and the staff will be
Volume 53, No. 6
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, September 13, 1941
Uniyersify Will Hold Chem Course Defense Night Class Students Must Enrollmenf Monday Enroll Monday
, introduced.
.Work Two Afternoons
Sophomores are expected to work two afternoons and two evenings each week, one evening until about 8 o’clock and the other until midnight or later. The duties of the sophomores on the editorial staff consist of writing news stories and feature^ reading proof, and assisting the junior editors in reading copy and planning the paper. Previous experience, while helpful, is not necessary since a train^
Exponent- Staff staff to work, Saturday, Sept. IBs Hadley, Night Editor; Amos, jun-ior-in-charge; B. G. Smith, Statienbenz, Roquemore, Butz, Craigmile, Corp, Wolf and Kumlander. All sophomores turn in their schedule of classes to Lee Ruffner, man-
Registration in the second course on the “Chemistry of Powder and Explosives” will be held Monday morning at 9 o’clock, in room 110,
Registration of men for night ^^e Chemical Engineering Build-
Offer Special Safely Course To Workers
Irv Given's Band To Play At Tea Dance, Mixer Today
classes in engineering will be held in Room 101 of Michael Golden Shops at 7 o’clock Monday evening, VonRoy Daugierty, district representative of the University’s de
PI A Will Sponsor Freshman Dance All campus eds and co-eds,
Enrollees in the course must have especially the freshmen, are had at least two years of college invited to swing and sway at
ing. Enrollment in the course will
be limited to forty studnts.
aging editor, before next Monday, training program, announced chemistry, including one year qf the first freshman tea dance in
organic chemistry. There is no tu-
the Union ballrooms this aft-
be given an opportunity to be-
ition charge. Prof. C. W. Beese
stated, since the cost' of supplies srnoon from 3 to 5 as guests of
today.
Because industrial accident
come acquainted with the gen- throughout the country are instruction is met through fed- the Purdue Independent Asso
ing school will be conducted by the eral set-up of the paper as well ^ Exponent staff. The general tech- as actual instructions in the in industrial s'afety has been in-
style used by the staff.
Day Assignments
After the completion of the course the coeds will be assigned to regular positions on the soph-
nique of news writing and Exponent style will be discussed at the
school, j.f.a.
University Zouaves Call For Freshman Pledges Wednesday
Group Forms Crack Exhibition Drill Team Freshmen interested in pledging
to the Purdue Order of Zouaves, dress-drill military society, should report to room 105 in the Armory on Wednesday, September 17, at 4 p. m. The Zouaves were formed at Purdue in 1929 for the purpose
of creating a crack drill team. Since their formation the organ-
ization has gained a high position among ROTC units throughout the
country and has put on invitation textbooks are being used in classes
eral funds, as part of the engineering, science and management de-
fense training program. Work in Munitions Plants
Nearly dll the men who completed the course held during the
eluded in the schedule of these defense classes. The safety course will prove a boon to the small manufacturer whose operating budget
does not provide for a plant safety spring and summer are now emdirector, and will help cut down ployed in munitions and power load-
omore coed staff and will be as- enormous production loss from ing plants at Charlestown, Kingssigned days to work. accidents which, last year, would buryj Joliet, 111., and with the Army At the election in the spring three have built 15,000 large bombers, ordnance department, coeds are picked from this soph- 75,000 fighter planes, 450 sub- George T. Austin, of the school
omore staff to fill the position of marines, or 45 battleships.
ciation. The dance has been designed to replace the annual
freshman mixer.
Irv Given and his band will furnish music for the affair, the first of a series of fourteen Saturday afteinopn tea dances to be pre-
sented this year.
PIA Sponsors Dance
At its first scheduled social event of the year, PIA will offer memberships for sale to freshmen desiring
junior associate coed editors, r.r.
New Editions, Book Shortage Handicap Fall Book Exchange
Operating fiom its new head-
quarters in the reception room on work under supervision of the Unithe main floor of the Union, the versity staff and should not be conStudent Book Exchange today con- fused with vocational training,
tinued selling the small supply of
books it still has on hand. Because many new editions
powder and explosives will be offered if sufficient men enroll to open classes in these subjects. This defense training program offers training in college-gTade
of chemical and Motallurgical en- to join the orfianizatioii'aiijeiijoy YV/CA TO Plan
Years' Program At WAA Cabin
other courses in production su- gineering, is in charge of the course, the rest of its social program for pervision, machine design tool and assisted by Prof. Herschel Hunt, of the year. Further attractions indie design, elementary electricity, the chemistry department. The full- dude a bioadcast over station engineering drafting, engineering time course here will continue for wraA from fn A nVloMc fundamentals and chemistiy of six weeks, while the part-time ^rom to 4 o ciocK.
course at Indianapolis will continue 12 weeks, with laboratoiy work here
each Saturday, r.t.e.
of
Lloyd, Butz, Bookhout, Slater Attend Ag Clinic
drills at the Pershing rifle diill competition, the University of Kentucky, Fort Knox, Kentucky, Indiana University, and the Univer-
sity of Illinois.
Out Of Town Trips
Ariangements have been made for several out of town trips during the coming year. Zouave prac-
this year, the volume of business has dropped slightly from that of
Professors 0. G. filoyd, E. L. Butz, Byron Bookhout, and Lloyd
last year. There exists a definite Slater of the Purdue Farm Manageshortage of books for junior ment Department attended a farm courses, as well as math, physics, management statistical clinic for dnd geneial engineering texts. research workers at the University Plans are being made to distrib- of Illinois last Thursday,
ute receipts Tuesday. Anyone hav- Professor Lloyd presented a pa- Monday afternoon at 4 p. m. Anying available copies of books to be per, “Application of Analysis of one wishing to sign for any of the
Deam To Announce First Playshop Cast Bill Deam announced last night that the cast for the first Playshop production “Three Men on a Horse” has been chosen and will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. Rehearsals will get into full swing
in a few days.
Sam Marks also announced that the building crews will begin work
A trombone trio, trumpet trio, and a number of vocal and instrumental novelties have been prepared by Given over the summer and will be heard on the tea dance
program.
Regular Mixer At 9 Tonight In Ballroom Irv Given, popular maestro, and his campus band will furnish dance rhythms for the third regular Union mixer tonight in the Union ballrooms. Dancing will begin at 9 o’clock. Hailed as the outstanding college band in the Big Ten by Downbeat for their work last year. Given’s organization has made several improvements over the summer in the form of new arrangements and instrumental novelties.
Jo Friend Sings
Many familiar faces are returning to the band this year. Among them are Jo Friend and Ed Beardsley, featured vocalists, and Clint Brown, trumpet man. The band now
has fourteen members.
Iiv, Beardsley, and Brown, have been doing most of the arranging for the outfit. This summer they came through with some ear-pleas-ing work on “Intermezzo,” “Old Rockin’ Chair,” “It’s Peaceful in the Country,” and “The Man I Love.” Two of Brown’s compositions are being featured, “Hittin’ the Books” and “Blue Horizon,” the band’s
Adtvllles Bureau ' Makes Program For Coming Year Sopkomore Call-Out Issued For Tuesday The Boaid of Control of the Activities Bureau held its first
tice begins early in the year to get used this semester is still urged Variance to Research in Farm Man- ciews or technical staffs, may still meeting of the year yesterday aft- j^g any day in the week from 4
‘ “ ... - - . . ... . xx. TT j-4! j to 6 p. m. except on Sundays.
ROTC Depirtmenf Issues Uniforms To 1,201 Frosh; Beere Speaks On Morale
YWCA cabinet members will hike
to the WAA cabin today at 1 p. m. theme whei e they will plan details of their Broadcasts
yeai’s work. During their retreat given’s band will probably be at the cabin they will hold a busi- heard frequently over WBAA’s ness meeting and enjoy a picnic gampus Varieties from 3 to 4 supper. ^ o’clock on Saturday afternoons this The YWCA activities are per- year. Plans are also under way for formed by woikers on committees a weekly evening broadcast as soon and interest gioups. Chairmen of as the station takes over full time
interest groups will be elected Friday, September 19, at 4:00 in the West Faculty Lounge. At the same time and place a callout for workers will be held and YW activities will
be explained.
Memberships can be procured at the YWCA office in the Union build-
members in training for the rather to bring them in. The Bpok Ex- agement,” before the delegates at- do so at the Playshop office in the strenuous drill. change closes September 20. w.c.v. tending the clinic. rear of Eliza Fowler Hhll. j.d.s. Fraternities Announce 1941 Pledges
Last Wednesday, September
10, ended the annual fall rush Alpha Chi Rho
week for 1941. Over two hun-
ville; Ray Michaels, River Forest, 111.; George Allison, Elkhart; Stan Cofall, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 5
Kappa Delta Rho
Sam Stevens, Grinnell, Iowa; , , x -m , tt
dred freshmen have been Clark Ross, Evanston, 111.; Waauen J^"kSUiart, Loganspoit; Phil ^
' ' ' I'lo Oolr PnrV Til • TTon TrnvH TnwT pledged to the numerous social Jackson, River Fonest, 111.; A1
Arnold, Fort Wayne; Ralph Lueb-
fraternities on the campus. Phi Kappa Sigma Barrett M. Billica, Muncic; Robert Wilkening, Evanston, 111.; Wal-
lien, Milwaukee, Wis.; Boyd Ernst, Rich Hill, Mo.; Robert Rupkey, Iildianapolis; Fren Rosen, Troutdale, Va.; John Wells, Rochester, N. Y.; Everett Porter, South Bend; Don Michel, Buffalo, N. Y.; Norm Ric-<
ter P. Hayes, Frankfort; Kenneth sen, Indianapolis; Chuck Anton, P. Aitken, Frankfort, Ky.; Jack Utica, N. Y.; Chuck Francis, HamFreeman, Hammond; Nicholas J. burg, N. Y.; Bob Buntain, LogansStabile, Mount Lebanon, Pa.; Don- port; Karl Kumjander, Gary.
^Id Schoenlein, Portland; George Baughman, Warren, Ohio; Bertrand W. Squire, Maplewood, N. J.; and Robert Marshall, West Lafayette.
Theta Chi
Dick Blackburn, South Bend; Bob
Phi Kappa Tau
George Keiwin, Warren, Ohio; Gene Mater witz, Maywood, 111.; Jack.Wright, Dundee, 111.; Stuart Ross, Oshkosh, Wis.; Ellis Murphy, St. Louis, Mo.; Bob Brink, Chicago,
Willi, Western Springs, 111.; Russel jjj . Louis Quinlan, Wilmette, 111.; Cline, South Bend; Bill Dvorak, Bob Read, Pittsburgh, Pa.
Western Springs, 111.; Olney McIn-
tyre, South Bend; Bob Slocomb, ^ Baltimore, Md.; Tom Thatcher, /\C3Clol
Kokomo; Ray Schwab, Duke Center, Pa.; Dwight Sanderson, Greenwich, Conn.; Paul Davis, Baltimore, Md.; Charles Silcock, Lake Geireva, Wis.; Jim Frey, Indianapolis; Wayne Wallace, Indianapolis; and
Don Schrader, South Bend.
Oak Park, Ilk; Ken Ford, Towson, Md.; Howard Yates, Little Rock, Arkx; Bud Branit, Chicago, Ilk; Alex Thompson, Buffalo, N. Y.; Bob Whitsell, Lafayette; Jack Lytle, Evanston, Ilk; John MaeWherter, Springfield, Ilk; Bob Kriegbaum, Richmond; Jack Kuhn, Val-
paraiso.
Pi Kappa Alpha Robert Formanek. Fort Wayne Robert Donaldson, Indianapolis Thomas Oir, East Chicago, 111. Harris Baker, Williamsville, N. Y. A1 Dumrose, New York, N. Y. Charles Muller, New York, N. Y. Roy Kirk, Chicago, Ilk; Dick Sidwell, W. Lafayette; Paul Nofke, Indianapolis; Kenneth Williams, Cleveland, Ohio; Bill Thomas, Sullivan; Warren Reiger, Mount Vernon; pill Kendall, Clinton.
Ernest J. Fisher, Indianapolis; Joseph L. Zelibor, Gary; William G. Johnson, Anderson; Lawrence W. Finley, Sale'm; John J. O’Giady, Chicago, Ilk; Jean E. Nickelson, Greens Fork, Ind.; Jerry Patterson, Rochester, N. Y.; Bob Davis, Chicago, Ilk; Jim Meagher, Detroit,
Mich.; Bill Fullei'ton, Chicago, Ilk; , ,.
Bob Eastman, Swayzee; Chuck Feistkorn, Fort Wayne; Alexias Johnson, Chicago, Ilk; John Larson,
Lafayette.
ernoon in the Union office and pre pared a program for the coming
months.
The Activities Bureau functions in the editing of the freshman “bible” and interviewing freshmen in order to help them to find their place in activities on the campus.
Committee Chairmen
After Bob Gimlin had defined the With scarcely the polish worn off
policies for the year, James Walley, shoes of the ROTC members, eleven this fall, will be sworn m executive of the Bureau, gave as- University Military Department at Indianapolis Sunday afternoon signments to the following junior announced the tentative enroll- and expects to be called for active committee heads: Lois Thompson, figures for the first semester. service with a class that begins chairman of the interviewing com- army has issued Blitz clothes training about Feb. 1. mittee; Bob Olson, chairman of the exactly 1201 freshmen, 810 soph- Joins Dave Rankin
broadcasting.
Couples will be admitted tonight for the regular price of one dollar,
w.e.r.
Tom Melton Will Join Flying Boilermakers Tommy Melton, .veteran guard and co-captain of this fall’s football squad, has been accepted for enlistment in the U. S. Naval Reserve Flying Corps, it was an-
nounced yesterday.
Meltqn, who is expected to be one of the mainstays of the Boilermaker
office committee; Virginia Pfister- 177 juniors, and 173 sen-
er, chairman of the handbook com-
mittee; Marilyn Miles, in charge of Several men of the faculty and handling scholastic eligibility lists officers of the Corps spoke at the for all activities, and Les Woehlke, fii’st Corps Day meeting on Thurs-
day. Colonel Beere spoke to the
Sophomores are needed for the
men on school spirit and
The Riveter co-pilot will be the second grid captain to be inducted as a “flying Boilermaker.” Dave Rankin, captain and All-American end on last year’s squad, was inducted into the naval flying corps
corps between halves of the All-Star foot-
Theta Xi
Sigma Phi Epsilon Jim Thomas, Peoria, Ilk; Wayne Reynolds, Peoria, Ilk; William Recktenwald, Hoimell, N. Y.; George Slater, Westfield; Harry Nunn, Owensboro, Ky.; Roderick Sheridan, Indianapolis; Robert Layton, Gary. Tau Epsilon Phi Jack Tadman, Crown Point; Barry Kendall, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Alvin Kaplan, Louisville, Ky.; Robert Mazl, Chicago, Ilk; Burton Rosen, Gary; Charles Lebenstein, New York, N. Y.; Seymour Weisbrug, West Nery Yoik, N. J.; Sheldon Ilorenstein, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Herbert Eckstein, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Robert Allen, Brookfield, Ilk Gene Baynes, Richmond; James Baynes, Salem; Porter Davis, Greens Fork; Robert Fischer, Keirdalville; Hubert Forbes, Kcndallville; Robert Henderson, Gary; Jack Kimbrell, Chicago, Ilk; Frank Mitchell, Bronxvill, N. Y.; Jack Pearson, Hammond; Charles Rogers, Fianld'ort; Aithur Tusbiirg,
Michigan City.
AKL
Charles Mitchell, LaPorte; Neal Mulviliill, Anderson; Bob Parker, Anderson; Noel Kitchen, Indianapolis; Marion Grubb, Greencastle; Reid Piiest, Greencastle; Guy Gaston, Greencastle; and Gordon Diirnbaugh, Osborn, Ohio. Kappa Sigma Bob Davis, Chicago, Ilk; Dick Graham, Evi}n.sville; Ed Ploeger, Evansville; Paul Oboiieuteer, River Forest, Ilk; Jim Wagner, Fieeland-
Sigma Nu
Robert F. Kline, Knox; John A. Carpenter, Owensboro, Ky.; Lawrence D. Flora, Elkhart; William F. Hershey, Muskogee, Okla,; Joseph Hazelwood, Frapkfort; Ralph McReynolds, Evansville; J. Glen Steingart, Indianapolis; Heibrt P. Killmer, Fiankfort; Charles G. Mayer, Hutchinson, Kan.; Calvin B. Coates, Indianapolis; Richard McDowell, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Robert G. O’Brien, Niagara Palls,
N. Y.; Ahmet Dara Sekban, Istanbul, Turkey; Richard R. Ranson, Milwaukee, Wis.; Louis A. Fischer, St. Louis, Mo.; Robert E. Kananen, Conneaut, Ohio; John H. Cleland, Fort Wayne; George M. Mackley, Gary; Joseph K. Kolbrook, Louisville, Ky.; Joseph C. Winkler, Hammond; Karl S. Burnside, Birmingham, Mich.; Luther H. Cole, River Forest, Ilk; James E. Jackson, Danville, Ky.; John N. Heater, Floss-
moor, nil— - - Tau Kappa Epsilon Fredrick Peterson, Milwaukee,
Wis.; Howard Sloan, Lebanon; Ar- student that is interested is inyited
thur C. Spriggs, Ironton, Ohio; William Jones, Michigan City; Rex
Bostwick, West Laiayette.
interviewing committee, publicity extended ball game in Chicago this summer.
, - WAlpnmp ■Tn ri'ocnrvTon nnH iVlolfnn woe nnTYipH ‘‘crnaTTi r»r fno
stdiii 3.nQ wolk conncctGcl witli the Activities Bureau, and are urged to report for the sophomoi e call out which will be held Tuesday afternoon, September 16, at 4:15 nr the Activities Bureau office. At that time the functions of the Bureau - will be explained in detail by the juniors to all who report. aJp. h. Yell Team, Debris To H0I4 FremuMn,
a welcome to the freshmen and in- Melton was named “guard of the VIted them to witness practice on year” by Coach Eddie Anderson of Monday evening. Joe Boland also Iowa following the encounter with talked at this first meeting, r.t.e. the Hawkeyes last season.
Gargantua, Exponent's Problem Child, Securely Caged-At Last
By J. H. Wendell
Gargantua, the 25-ton monster that has kept the circulation staff of the E^onent busy explaining
Exponent after a good many years of work in Pendleton, Oregon. Nobody seems to know just when Gargantua came into this world; suffice it to say that this isn’t the first World War he has printed
news about.
Wham, Rebop, Boom, Bam In operation, he’s a fearful and.
Beta Theta Pi Lambda Chi Alpha
Sherwood Pifer, West Lafayette; Bill Springer, Columbus; Clayton Collier, Indianapolis; Bill Porshec, ,,
Chicago, Ilk; Paul Gutting, Shelby- > Hamilton, Ohm; Ray
Jim Cary, Peru; Jim Dunn, St. Louis, Mo.; Art Cristy, Indianapolis; Bill Shoals, Pittsburgh, Pa.;
ville; George FarnswoiLh, Park Ridge, Ilk; John Greer, Indianapolis; Bob Meeker, Indianapolis; David Starnbaugh, Columbus; Ed Holekamp, St. Louis, Mo.; l^ob Senour, Chicago, Ilk; Frank Biandel, Jamestown, N. Y.; Bill Poston, Springfield, Ilk; Steven Bakei, West Lafayette.
Misner, Lafayette; Art Lange, La-
fayette.
Alpha Gamma Rho Wallace Cook, Arlington; Har-
old McCormick, Romney; Ricliaidson, Eaton; Tun
Greencastle.
A I n morning papers came out at jooMinofe I r"'''''' IB „q\y rosts behind a stout wire en-
closure which blocks off his half-
Johnie Goll, senior cheer man- acre of floor-space from the rest of
ager, announced yesterday that try- the Exponent office in the Union wonderful spectacle. Paper is fed outs for cheerleaders will be held faub-basement. in from rolls^weighing 460 to 870 Monday, September 15, at 4 p. m. in Crowds of amateur pressmen pounds. The paper disappears under room 105 of the Fieldhouse. Any that have up till now intimately the mechanism, reappears printed
explored the maze of pulleys,’ on one side (a roller pressing the
to tiy out tor the yell team Mon- cranks, lolleis, and rods that make paper down onto the stationary, day evening. up the pi ess must now look on from inked type does this)j and then Dick DeGai mo, head cheer leader, the safety of the outside world. Un- dives back into the machinery to and Goll wall be in charge of the fortunately, so must the Expo staff have the rest of the ads, notices, meeting. Coeds are more than wml- itself. Too bar!—it was fun to crawl and Giiiiaand Bear Its imprinted, come, especially those who have had down into the giease pit under the The roar is terrific, experience in leading cheers in high machine and see what makes it tick. After being printed, the cemtinschool or elsewhere. Those w'ho are Not All There uoris "vveb of paper* really begins to chosen for the team will lead the Like some people, Gargantua go through contortions. It is bent yells at all the football and basket- mn’t all there. Parts are still flow- through three Immelman turns,
mg into the othce by nearly every zips through a Lindy hop, flows delivery. Gear Q-1726-b arrived over a triangular guide and beThrirsday, and yesterday a brake t,ween fokling rollers, and the is cut for the fljwheel appeared. Only into individual papers by a re-' trouble is that nobody has as yet volving knife. * found out wheie those parts are to Eight pages can be printed, foldbe installed. The gear does make ed, assembled and cut in one operaa good paperweight. ' tion when Gargantua is in a happy Like some other people. Gar- mood. A paper a second is printed gantua has a past. He comes to the at normal speed operatiom
ball games, j d.s.
Debris Photography
All freshmen and sophomores wishing to try out for the Debris photography staff will meet Mon-
Albeit day afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Raui k, Debi is w'otksliop on the second floor
of the Union.I'f'
* h
PURDUE EXPONENT •». Saturday,"September 13, 1941
Answering The Appeal (Pwuiu^
In tlie
iRr Wvi'>
Vfednesday evening at the '“V” Gbnyocation'the students of thife University were reImin^ed by the various speakers of their duty to the school and to the nation, and were asked to wntrabute their “full, dependable share to ■ the strength and. to the unity of the nation” and also to make Purdue men and women Stand out from all the rest. It is obvious that we are living in “disastrous and demandful times” and that there is a scarcity of trained men and women. Furthermore, when this war reaches its conclusion, there is going to be an even greater demand for such individuals. Thomas J. Watson in his address enumerated the possible opportunities for bettering the United States and'even the world at large. University training is preparation to make use of these opportunities. Thus it is the duty ofthe youth enrolled in the University to “prove that American freedom is both produced and protected by them, possessing the opportunities and the spirit of Purdue.” However, there are many students who failed to be roused by such a challenge. If they do not respond to such unselfish motives as im- ' provement of school and country, they might be asked to contribute their share for a purely selfish motive—self-betterment. They will undoubtedly receive knowledge and training that will be to their benefit after graduation if they should devote serious eff ort to their schooling and campus activities. Their rewards for such efforts will assume the forms of increased financial income and prestige. If a person is not interested in the fact that his efforts and discoveries might contribute to the progress of civilization, but is only interested in their financial and prestige value, the world will still' gain the benefit of his work. Wasted In AH Sincerity (Reprinted from the Daily Illini, Thursday, Sept. 11) Though nothing derogatory could have been inferred from the absence of a statement, the National Interfraternity conference, representing the college fraternities of the United States and Canada, adopted a platform all-out for democracy at the annual meeting. The statement-issuing fever seems to be contagious among organizations in this time of war effort. All groups, from ladies’ clubs to labor unions, solemnly resolve, adopt, and announce platforiiig on every possible occasion. . . Not , that this action is harmful — but neither is it beneficial. The prevalence of warcaused platforms among American associa,tions is . merely significant. It signifies that the people recognize the abnormal world condition. To be sure, the effort of statement is wa.sted, but it is wasted in all sincerity.
' Eiili'rcfl aa accond class matter at 'the post olTicc in I.atayotto, Indiana, under the act o£ Consross of March 3, 1871). and' at the special rate of poslaBe provided for in aectioh 1103, act of Octoher 3, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the reirulnr academic year and weekly durina the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.60
per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Ghurclies
Edilor-in-Chicf... News Editor Business Manager
Publication Staff
Mahafcinff Editor
Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, .1. H. Armstrong, II. '1'. Ilrophy,
R. L. Hadley, P. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Business St^ff '
Ivocal Advertisini; ManaKcr.s: K. K. Gjcmr^:, B. E. Saxton : , Circ\ilalion Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D.
Millard. ■ Co-cd Staff
Editor, ..Kiith Rose Associate Editors: Mary K.-Boynton, Alice Chatiield. , Sports Staff . Editor Phil C. .lohnsou Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Holy Trinity English Lutheran
Church 1 .
610 North f^intli Street ^ Rev. H. G. StoHdhrf, pa'stor
Sunday school arid'Students class Eciand w. Ruffner -it 9:30. Worship seivicc at 10:30,
Ned A. Ocliiltrcc John E. TrnuRott Don S. Powers
sermon subject, ‘^Going the Second
Mild”,
Phones; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Ropresonted for national adycrti.'^ing by National .Advertising Service, Inc*» College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. '
Staff For This Night Editor; Brophy Issue Editor: J. D. Smith
Issue
Day Editor; Ro.se Sports Editor: Clark
Proof: Rafert, Hunter. Workers: R. B. Barnes, W. H. Cassady, J. S. Dawson, R. W. DeMa'rs, Eberts, Klosson, Slone, Prantner.
baptist Students ■West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner (Columbia and Ghauiicey St. , Joseph Baird Gleason, StudePt, Pastor 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Club class hour. R. J. Roudebough, teacher. 10:35 a. ill. Church worship service, special music by church choir. Due to the illness of the pastor, the pulpit will be filled by Prof. F. k. Hall. His topic will be “The Land of Promise.” 6:30 p.. m. Roger Williams club social hour. Ten cent lunch at 6:00. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams club discussion hour. Dr. Graves will speak on “The Student and Religion.” . .
the scrnion brought by Doctor StCele. Special' music will be furnished by the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir. 6:45 to 6:30 'p>m. Pellowship period at the church. Gome and get acquainted with new friehds and meet again your old friends., ■ 6:30 to 7:16„ piscu^sion;, ‘.‘Ap, In-; tegrated College Life.” This discus-r sion will 'be led by Mi^s Clare (?oolidge, Asst. Dean of Women, and Professor A. A. Smith of the-Soci-ology Dept. No-Purdue student will want to iniss these Challenging addresses. 7:15'to 7:46, Worship. This closing worship service will be presided over by students and will be conducted in the sanctuary of the church. ' Every Purdfie student is welcome to our student program!
6:46, Leave for chUrch building. 6:00, Foi'^iim. Prpgirara includes reereatitop, .^inj^ing, .^is.cussioii,j apd-: w6i;s^i.ipl .“fefprmjBtigh^ Pleaije” ja b;eing conducted by^four upperclassmen:' Paul, Carrington,, Jean Steigferiyald,^ toawson, and Jdhp Ktarterf ; , . . . . 'All welcome!
For Episcopal Stiidonts , SL John’s Church: ^ Sixth and: Ferry, Lafayette: Holy',Communion at ^:d0 a. m. Morning jorayer' and sermon,10:46 a.'m. Buffet supper for alF Episcopal students in- parish, house, Sixth-and Perry, at 6:00 p.. m.iuntil 8:00 p. m.
For Rent: Good single room, reasonable rates for good .atnddnt, preferably upperclass,.Chem. Pb," 6B02E^^.: Lost: Friday, Sept. 6,' in Lakes’ Ke^ Room; floor Union Bldg.,, yellow gold rinK .with light- blue .stone in white. ,^1®', setting. Reward. Phone 41632. For Rent: Men’s double room, twin hedsi -Clean, VfelKHghted. ' Stoker h^t, private, entrance. Very reasonable. Apply, noon, cveninfes, 116 S. Grant.. Phone 2769, Lost: Black cigarette case in Armory. Calk!776>t.” :• - , ' 'r' Subscribe To Your Campus Daily;
Baisley, pastor for students. 10:40 a. ni. Morning Worship. “Direction” will be the theme of
STARTS SUNDAY
^ ■' ■■ ■ ' I . - ■ . Wesley Foundation Sunday ProThe National Interfraternity conference gi'nni at jPii’st Methodist cautiously walked the tightrope on its state- ^ Church ment and did not, commit itself as to wai-, ' 9.30 a. m. Student Classes. Freshpolicy—although undoubtedly inspired by the j„an class taught by Dean M. L. war question. Wholeheartedly, then, and pa- Fisher, Dean of Men. .Upperclasstriotically the conference .sided Avith democ- men class taught by Rev. E. R.
racy, come what may . . . which is commend-
able .. . and also redundant.
Because University Greek interest in the conference’s activities may be assumed, the
platform foIIoavs, \verbatim:
“The College Fraternity of the United States and Canada which was conceived in the atmosphere of a struggle for political independence, and came into being as an ex-
pression of self-gbvernm^t.
“Adheres steadfastly to social, religious, political, and economic democracy as the only sound basis for a satisfying personal and
national life ;
“Defends the individual’s right to liberty and equality of opportunity; “Inculcates a sense of responsibility to self, to college, to country, and to society; “Stresses the spiritual values of life as the foundation of the truly democratic way of
living;
“Supports our countries’ championship of the cause of democracy; “Condemns all activities tending to subvert the principles and processes of democratic government; ■ “Pledge unqualified loyalty and devotion to country.” •
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North Streets _ 9:30, Student Class. Prof. T. K. Noss, very popular campus speaker, will teach. The subject is, “Faith in a Scientific World.” 10:40, C'hnrch Worship. Special Student Recognition Service. Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon. Affiliate members will be received as the service closes. ' 5:16, 10c Supper at 131 S. Grant.
PdPCORN
lads PJaea
' lee Cream Sandwiches’^ .'
■-a-.dpe'N— ■. 1 A. M. to
■ lee Cold Drinks:?: -rr- ^ e Eresli Candy
10:a0eP..Mi
SAVE ON - STUDENT SUPPLIES . PURDUE 5t-Shod STORE
SduthwortV s
A practical and valuabife "HELLO" GIFT to all freshmen. You'll like it-—and use itl Please prsent your schedule card. We want to say "Hello" to you.
Come tq Southwqrth's for the MOST BEAUTIFUL BOOK COVERS you'll find on any campus in the land.
CLASS SCHEDULE CARDS, DESK BLOTTERS, and CAMPUS MAPS for the mere asking at—
poiteiii simsii
Notices
Newman Club: Breakfast after 0:30 Mass Sunday, Sept. 14, in St. Mary’s auditorium. JVie Boland and Mai Elvvard ^ucst speakers. Free to members, 2yc to all others.
—BROCK
Military Seniors: There will be a meeting? of all Battery. Athletic OlTicer.s in Room 205 of the armory Tuesday, Sept. Ifi, at 4 p. ra. —BURKHART Basic Military Students: Meeting of all ptuilents interested in tryouts for membei'ship in Purdue Order of Zouaves, rifle drill team, at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Sept. 17, in the armory. —GRAF
ufl’ice, Sat., Sept. 13. Dray; Graves, Dunbar,
Gallatin, and Carr iiJease note. ... —allwardt
Purdue Christian Ppunaation: Freshman association meetinpr Tuesday, Sept. 16, 7:30
room 303 of the Union. Tryouts own equipment Jind
for fre.sliman dramatic .e:roup immediately follow in All freshmen in vited.
—BUSBY
Lutheran Students: There will be a reception for Lutheran students Sunday eve iiinir, Sei)t. 14, at 8 p. m. at the St. James Lutheran School. Entertainment sponsored by Walther Lea'.rue. Refreshmerits will be served. —SCHNAIBLE NYA Students: Students who have turned -in NYA applications should a:ct assianrnents in. the Personnel Office by Monday, September 15. —MUSSER.
Engineer Staff: All
Workers report to the office at 4 p. m. Saturday, Sei)t. 13, for a siiocial meetini?.
—HAWKINS ,
Chemistry 111, 1X2 and 126; Leave schedule of classes in my mail box in the ChemistiT Department office.. —ELVING Advanced Course Applicants: The followinj.r Hludents are eliirible to.take Advanced Course without expense to .the jjovernnieiit. Jf intjrested, contact rdajor Me.sser.smitli at Armory at once: E. N. Seiler, W. G. Rice, J. 'J'. Shively, W. L. Lcifheit, M-. H. Foster, ,1. Pfenninuer, J. S. Pritchard, C. A. Davis, W. B. Rosenbaum, H. K. Herr, R. E. Mali- ■ coat, W. N, Cou^rhlin, K. E. Myers. lU . Sorern. D. F. LeMasler, J. R. Irwin, H. F. Bramiey. J. H. Stij?t?Ieman, H. D. Fulmer, W. L. Ullom. H. H. Humma, A. R. Pastrick, R. N. Caputo, D. M. W. F. .Wa::ner. J. P. 'Reeves, D. A. McCaslin, W. E. 'J'aylor, R. A. Bibbins. A. L. Culbc-nson, R. J. Starr. W. P. Miteh’dl; I). WiKdit, A. n. Ludwig, R. C. Gaiitz, W. P. Rothgeb. —MAJOR MESSERSMITH Union Building Permanent Assignments: Organizations wii^hing permanent rooms in the M<imorial Union builtling will submit writfdi petitions to. tlie Student Union Board before Friday, Septe.mixir Bk Please Ltate size of organization and reasons fur requesting a permanent room. —STAREK. Model Railroaders: 'Meeting ' of ’Model’ Railnmd Club Saturday. Sc'ptember 13, at I p. m. at layout, fourth floor ME Buildi.ng. All interested are invited to atleml.
^DARR
Reamers: Meeting Monday. Sejiti-mber 1 at 7 :.'^0 )). m. in Room 304 of the Union Jm};(utant! RUFFNEli Catalyst Club Members and. Pledge Meeting Tuesday night, S-plernbeT id. 7 :3U 0. m. Sign list in Dr. Jjoveli’s ^ . - NODER Perdue Wheelmen: Ge't acquainted ride Sundey, September 1), at 2:3o ]>. rn. Mer-l in front of Executive* building. A!! bicycUbto invited. VANDEKBiJ/i' WAA: All council members tfiat lui receipt books for WAA memberships please notify me before Monday, Sept. 15. - NANCY COOPER
Mathematics Condition Examination: Examination to remove condition in math-
staff members and well be givens in Recitation build-
ing on Saturday, September 20, at 1 p. m. All students with unremoved C .grade must take this exam since, no other, eixam will be given this semester. Students expecting to take this exam must obtain permit at the
v.vtw.l l.lMOl .....1,1111 iM'l department of mathematics befo:
' 18.
--AYRES
YWCA Cabinet Members: YWCA Retreat .will be held at W.AA cabin. Meet at Women’.s Gym at 1 p. nn Saturday, Sc-ptem-ber 13. —NEWTON' Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Tuesday at 5:00 p. m in. the Union. The room of the Union will be announced later; —MAC DONALD Gimlet Club: Very important meeting Tuesday September 16. in Union. Room announced later. Dinner at 6 :30. Please plan to attend. —JOHNSON
interested
cross*- country
..Mumim smsmwm mma&f ERROL FRED FLYNN MACMURRAY
308-10 STATE'ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND. Southworth’s
RECORDS— ALL MAKES —COMPLETE STOCKS Classical — Popular Jazz — and Plain Wild AUTHORIZED DEALER FOR VICTOR and BLUEBIRD RECORDS Thousands of Records and Albums for Your Selection
Wd
^ WA.A m.-Tvih'-’’-Uiivs ■will'be on Bale before and after the lea oh Moiiaay, bejn. . m ijnWornen’a Gym, COOi'Klt UttKer WilliamB Club: Baseball hariip, .Suiuluy. Se-iiti-mber M, 2:30 je m, en the iiit«'ah(iiral field. - -AH’l'MAN Sufiul Chairmen: Freijent your rcducsts for (iaticeB th’be held in llie Union in writiu\; to the-'Studeiit Union Board before ■ Fridhis:, -IS. Stale date, time and IjuIJ--
room preferttiefc; ' ’
- Stiulent Senaite: Meeting in Senate ollice ' TueBday, Sept. 10, at 7:30 ib m.
—DIBOS
Bcriyeiteras Meeting of btuinesB staff In
STARTS M5DH8TE PilEVUE TONITE Ami imtgh as you learn your The zesty.
, spicy story liohind that $500 kiss!
AND ALSO— DECCA—COLUMBIA OKEH — RADIO — MASTERPIECE FISKANA — BRUNSWICK — VOCALION
Ij - - ■ . ' PRIVATE LISTENING BOOTHS FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
SUNDAY - MONDAY THE WESTERNER I'M STILL ALIVE DONALD DUCK
Worner* made it with
RALPH BELLAMY - ALEXIS SMITH Robt. Armstrong > Regis Toomey • Allen Jenkins
MARS
extracolor CARTOON FOX MOVIETONE NEWS
HEALTHFULLY COOL
Starts TODAY
COIMAi A\y life with Oarolme Irrroducirig mm m mth CHARUS WINNINGER and i REGINALD GARDINER • GltSERT ROLAND ' KATHERINE LESLIE'' HUGH,O'CONNELL>
Stop in and Get Aquainted
THE
109 N, 4th Street' EAST SIDE SQUAREh. i !
4i , i
i-r i» ’*^ <'#i>' f^'i, '<■' ^ i <• if i-t 4* (• Jf’t *1 in PUE&ITE EXl^aKESir
4 I it? ?« f iM s-f I I ,4 I' f
otting,Sfram, Rivefer Crpss-Couniry Stars t/iers Bolster Initiate Phillips' Ijlew Course
Coach Hermon Phillips’ new three-mile cross-country course, just north of the campus, yas given its fii^t rehl ttial
' Over 80 freshmen football play- yesterday afternoon when sixteen Boilermaker varsity disturned out for the second day tance runners, answering Coach Phillips’ first 6'^1, jogged of practice on Stewart Field yester- around the course in their initial workout of the'lfall season.
Ed Holderman, captain of the Gold and Black thinlies last year, and John Jarvis, the only two seniors out this year, returned to the squad along with six juniors and eight sophomores. All of these
rosh Outlook
afternoon. This number is
Meet die Team presenting...
d^V
&m<
fkfll but Coach uiiifrorried.
Burnham seemed wick High School in Oak Park, Illi-
nois, will try to live up to the repu-
, . „ , . tation his brother earned on the •i coaching staif put the Ehin- gj-j^iron here a few years back. i^S through a light workout, putting ..Huntin’ Henry” Stram W
dffipHasis on fundamentals, rather L^Vallace Hig^ School in 6ary ^oilermaker squad thaP spending much time on plays. ,„„n„ i„„iro.i ir i,o ^ season last year
. n , - - - . really looked as if he were going ....... As'iisual, the squad was put through ^ his reputation a t asserts that his
a rigorous calisthenics drill. fleet-footed back. He earned a good ^ ^
Two of the prospective gridmen deal of fame in high school through ^c amps. hkVe brothers who were Purdue his long runs on kickoff returns. t ^ -n xt, • ^rfeats. Paul Gutting, a back, had r.b.b.' Boilermakers will open their
two brothers before him; Steve, a ' xfrVx f
stir hurdler, and Phil, who spent Service men in uniform will be t>”xT’xt course, ohe year at Purdue, and is now a admnjited to 9II of Pui due’s home jhe state qijid conference crpss-
r^nlar halfback on the Navy team, football games this fall for 50 cents,
Ned Maloney, star tackle from Fen- plus Federal tax.
i
e Southworth’s
FREE SERVICE Register in Southworth’s ' WHO’S WHER^ DIRECTORY Contiues at a Furious Pace!
i The filing of names and answering of inquiries keeps two beautiful Co-eds quite busy! There is still time to register if your name is not already in the “pot”! r This temporary student directory is absolutely a FREE service to everyone—nothing to buy, and “no strings”. We hope you use it to your advantage. ir REGISTER TODAY — at Southworth’s information desk! Inquire about the ten “juicy” prizes, headed by “your tuition refunded” for the first lucky name drawn. I P. S. Visit our information desk—The girls know all the
PHHE BOOK & SOPPIV STORE
108-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND. Southworth’s
Country meets will be held on the new Gold and Black coqrse later
in the season.
Spectators this year will be able to see a large portion of the course, as runners will pass near the starting point several times during the
l^y Joe Dawson
On a team composed of some of
three-mne“stret"ch.““Not only*^is"it ^est individual footballers in the
more interesting to spectators, but
kiveters Dig In As Days Shrink BeforeOpener Bs^ Bob DeMars '‘‘Ip'ig in, djl^i’in ... get out of there fast apd rnn hard.” It was these Words, barked by head coach Mai Blward, that spurred the determined Boilermaker varsity grid team to renew their efforts in yesterday’s strenuous practice session. Because of the limited number of practice hoprs available Spe to the .opening of scho^, Elward is obliged to make every moment on the field count to the fullest, and judging by the wholehearted coopera;tion and spirit of the team he is doing it. '** The fact that the Boilermakers haye less drills scheduled than any other te^ in the Big Nipe simply means that the early hitches that appear in every ball club at the beginning of the season, and which are almost invariably worked out by the ,normal quota of practice, win to some extent have to be smoothed out in pre-Big Nine bat-
tles.
Twelve Hays ’Til “Vandy”
However, the fact remains that
The Sports Gestspo
by Phil Johnson
middle west, burly, red-headed Jim
also tougher on the runners, being Co-Captain and left guard
laid mostly over rough country with ® Boilermaker squad, afternoons few flat spots to give the distance be one of t^ finest scheduled practice intact before men much, rest. This will give the *5^® Commodores of Vanderbilt inBoilermakers the advantage of ® vade Eoss-Ade stadium for the
more -roug h- country experience consistency and doggedover their competitors, who are pl^^yiwg 408 minutes of the
working out on more flat and open *°®sbest kind of football courses. Massilon Boy
An eight-jinan team will be chosen „ , ,
by Coach Phillips following the Massilon, Ohio, where
season opener, and a lot cgn happen
in twelve afternoons.
The first major injury has be-
• This Major Sport Problem f Last year the SAA in the last months of its existence, received ftM’ ulty consent to make wrestling, swimming, tennis, and cross emn0f! major sports. The decision was then put to the students, and the folS sports were approved by the student body, by a nne sided vote, m major sports. ^ Shortly afterward the PAC replaced and supplemented the SA. oiB of the first actions taken by the Council was on a petition made Coach Allspaw and the golf team, petitioning that golf be made a ma;^ spbrt. The Council unanimously approved the petition and it will BOur soon Ibe.bldc^ b^foile the student body for final vote. ; • Not For Golf We do not think that golf should ^e made a major sport. We did not think that cros^ country should be’made a major sport last spring. • The only person ttfe golf team a^s for a major status is not becanili of the merits amT importance of the sport itself, but admittedly because they felt that they were on an equal basis with cross country. • Where Do We $top? ^ The line must be efrawn somewhere.’ If golf attains major standit^ then why shouldn’t squash, fencing, or other sports receive the same status by the same reasoning? ’V^restling, sw|mming, and probably tennis, are, in our opinion, ot pi^jpr jmportau^e. :^el That the raising of cross country was^A mistake. Most of the cross country ^am are track men. This enabli^ them to get two major awards a year, more even than basketball or
football players.
• Two Wrongs For A Right? But two wrongs don’t mkke a right. Instead of raising golf we ate in favor of lowering cross country to its former basis and having two rights instead of two vacongs. 0 SwOdters For All? ' i This matter of mass major awards is one of great importance. Quarttity awards cheapen the quality of the award. Major lettermen are
sarcastically suggesting that we might just as well collect a fee from
Miller played a lot of hie-h school Riveter camp in the fo^m all students each semester and award all students sweaters in their
^ ^ of a sprained knee suffered by Ver- junior year,
non Erk, senior guard from Richmond. His injury was sustained in
Thursday’s drill and is expected to ceiving the punt was stressed, be-
n place him on the inactive list for a cause often times a mixup in a sitOne of the most popular and like- j j. x x xi. t 'x- xi. x ■ x 1 x- x- -r- * period of from ,twp to three weeks, uatiosn Ijke that can cause a mistake
»!p rvipn nn +hp pamriTia Titv» ^cs o r-r -r \ ^ t Yesterday s practice was de- that may easy throw a game, voted principally to a spirited of- Petty, Bmock Lead Scrimmage
such stars as Mike Byelene, and “Rocky” Snyder first started on the
road to fame.
initial meet. Candidates
Those who have reported so far are: Holderman, Appleton, McLaughlin, Kinder, Roaqh, Jarvis,
Vaughan, Young, Arnold, Kellok, »i. u x a x., x. oi,.xxxx=u ux-
Moffit, Duesler, Jentsch, Lynch, fensive drill in which Mai shifted For the third consecutive day the
able men on the capipus, Jim is a member of Gimlet. The “Red
Chicago Bears Top Rise Of Professionai Footbaii
Morosick and Kemp. d.e.b. Lowell Heroes
The little town ot Lowell, Ind., population approximately 1,300, lays claim to three men who may easily be in Purdue’s first string forward wall this fall, (jlo-captain Tom Melton, guard, and !^jll Combs aqd LaVern King, ends. Melton and Combs were both outstanding stars on the Lowell high school eleven,
Ostrander rather frequently but ad- consecutive aay tne
mits that football is his only love ^ I at present •’to stiike upon an effective combina- engaged in ^ ■■ tion. The returning major letter- two picked
men appeared most favorable in white their roles as bulwarks for a sem'
Well distribute,d over his five feet ten inch frame is 186 pounds of pure dynamite. Jim is a senior in the school of Physical Education and is a member of Lambda Chi
Alpha social fraternity.
Professional football again crashtes into the sports spotlight as the
. scrimmage""between throughout the ni#teams, one wearing t^e 19^ jerseys and the other red. Headlined by the Chicago
The white team, placed on the of-
blance of a starting eleven, and it fensive by Elward and paced by phencimenal 73-0 mewas evident that there was plenty Big John Petty, soon found the Washington Redskihs of junior and sophomore talent to range against their foes and after P>^of®ssional football seentS"
^ ^ push the veterans in their quest of seyeral sizeable gains pushed across tp reach even greatOt It a starting berth. ^ their first six points. heights in its rise to national pop-
Archery The offensive practice concluded. The plqy of Petty on the offense, ^^^^rity. ^ the squad spent some time in run- especially on the powerful off-tackle Galaxy Of Stars ^
enthusiasts are asked to re- ning through a punting scrimmage thrusts, and the fine defensive work wixn ,...x „„ Dani^
but King, who attended Lowell high P°'* Fieldhouse that placed special accent upon the of sophomore Kenny Smock in the Tn» To„-fr 1 ^ n , . MnnfTflv «ffpinrjnn at d nVlnnV All nlav nf t.lip PTirls in trp+.fino* ^Inwn -r OrtmailD, Joe otyaanEr, JrQK
With such veterans as
schooT for one'seme'stei^movedTo ®fteinoon at 4 o’clock. All play of the ends in getting down backfield featured the scrimmage. Mand'etr’anJ°%i'’hJ Crown Point, Ind., where he ac- those interested should contact Don fi^ld quickly and making the tackle. Lij^tle advanced publicity has , ^ cumulated his pre-college grid ex- Jx importance of coordination be- been forthcoming from our south- Gallerneau the Starford flashS perience Director Chief Clevett. tween the two safety men in re- ern foe, but Athletic Publicity Di- "^"erneau, the Sta^ord flashes, perieiice. xx x i. x • x- tke Bears seemed destined to retafp
the National Professional football title they won last fall. ^ Considered the biggest hitch fe
,. , XX X! XX T7 j x-Tx the Bear title plans are the Greuh parative strength of the Vanderbilt ^ ^
rector Bob Woodward announced on the Commodores sometime next week with a hint as to the corn-
squad. r.w.d.
Farm Management Staff Honors Four Economists
vets seem to be ready to show the Bears that they aren’t master^ Such stars as George Paskvan, Bi^ Paffrath, Ed Frutig, and Bob Sag^ gau ha^ been plucked from last
year’s college crop.
Drs. F. F. Hill, former head of Giants, Redskins Strong, Too the Faim Credit Administration, In the east the Brooklyn Dodgers, S. W. Warren, L. C. Cunningham who surprised everybody last yeafF and F. A. Harper, all of the agri- with their second place in the easfe cultural economics department of ern division, are determined to tahte Cornell University, were honored at nobody’s dust this year. The New luncheon sponsored by the Uni- York Giants, however, serve notiUe versity Farm Management staff that they are out to regain the held yesterday noon in the Union, prestige they lost last year. Georga These noted farm economists Marshall’s Washington Redskins were on thejr way back to Cornell are also a team to watch in the after attending a Farm Manage- eastern loop with Baugh and Ferment Statistical Clinic held Wed- kas leading the parade. The ClevAnesday and Thursday of this week land Rams and the Detroit Liort* at the University of Illinois. After piovide the lest of the threat ^ the luncheon, the progiam consisted the West while the Pittsburgh of a discussion of current agricul- Steelers aie rising in the East untural prMilem^. d.e.b. der Beit Bell. .t
Southworth’s
FREE— USE OF OUR SLIDE RULES Our stock of the famous "Decitrigs” is exhausted. We bought, begged, and borrowed all of these rules that were available in a mighty effort to meet the demand by Purdue students. Now they are all gone. Sorry—but it can’t be helped. BUT— WE’LL LEND YOU ONE! Meanwhile, we have found a way out. To meet this tempor'kiw emergency we have secured a quanity of elementary ^es which can bd used to tide you over until your standard rule is ready for deUvery in December. These rules are not for sale. We will lend you one upon deposit of one dollar . . . and give you a full trade-in allowance on your reserved standard ^e. No charge for wear and tear. Use this special rule with our compliments as long as the emergency lasts.
COME TO
PURDUE ecGK&sumysinc
LYLC C.RlOGlEy-MMlACER
3f|6-IO mUE fTMECt; WEST LAFAYETTE INCtl
x'WHHIlWSUV wv;M ^■fei.r.'.y*^
' "'■ Rill'
y
if:
S’-. /'
|J/>f .
i' /
f#.i ^
For thirty-three years DEAC has served the girls and boys of Purdue* We have a college store which is owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue students* All of the boys i ' * ■* and girls who work at DEAC’S are students of furdue*
DEAC’S have everything for a merchandise at the lowest prices*
education, the best
NEW and USED TEXTBOOKS DRAWING INSTRUMENTS ALE FORM PAPERS 10 to 39^ PURDUE FELT PENNANTS and PILLOWS Tennis Rackets and Balls, Soft Balls and Bats, Golf Clubs
Purdue Seal and Fraternity Crest Stationery, 10c and up Purdue Jewelry, a wonderful assortment to select from* ALL CANDY, GUM AND MINTS WE SELL THREE FOR 10c
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER Book Store
H. G. UIGUR
E S T A B11SIIE D 19 0 8 32S State Street
H. G. REISUR, JR.
■‘f