r ^ ^ |“v <- -{> V'W'S-^ 1*5^
/
, k-
Latest News Briefs
Turkey—^In the future all Nazi ships vill be stopped and searched when passing through the Dardenelles, according to a late radio report. This drastic move is legal as contained within an international treaty signed after World War I, which gave Turkey authority to the straits. Troops will be interned and war materials seized according to the announcement.
Z-IU
Founilttd In 1889
Sincn 1906
Volume 52, No. 166
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, April 26, 1941
Athens—British troops, who battled the German blitzkrieg, were leaving the Greek capitol last night. They boarded troopships alongside of their Greek comrades. Women and girls crowded the docks to cheer them on with shouts of “We’ll see you again soon.”
Washington—The second registration day und^ the national draft law for youth who have reached 21 since last October, will be held about July 1, it was learned last nigbt from military author^ies. —.From All Fronts— Today's Summary Of War News To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, copyright, 1#40. Chicago Daily News, Inc, Nazis Near Athens Nazi troops have “thrown the British out” of Thermopylae Pass, the German high command announced yesterday. It was said in other quai’ters in Berlin that the German forces will enter Athens only after it is sure that the city can be taken without destruction. British With^iraw British forces were pictured in London as fighting a last-ditch battle in the Thermopylae area to protest the withdrawal of troops toward Peiraeus and other ports of embarkation. British Hail Knox, Hull British newspapers gave the greatest prominence to the speeches of Secretary Knox and Hull and a spokesman hails them as a “clear rebuff to the Axis and obvious encouragement to us.” Germans Deny Attack Commenting on the speeches of secretaries Knox and Hull, authorized sources in Berlin said “only a 150 per cent lunatic could imagine Germany really intends to attack the United Siates.” Germans Plan Drive Hitler’s plans for his grand-scale drive against Britain include an attack on the Mediterranean fleet from Balkan bases, a drive against Gibraltar and the dispatch of land forces to French Syria, Tunisia and Algeria, foreign diplomatic sources in London report. Encouraging Note “Two rays of light were seen in the general situation,” cabled Williaih H. Stoneman from London yesterday. One was the possibility of a “leally rousing” defeat of the Germans in Africa and the other, and more important, the stiffened attitude of the United States. U.S. Aid Uneffective Germany is making effective use, both in diplomacy and propaganda, of the failure of the United States to deliver effective aid to Yugoslavia, David M. Nichol radioed from Berlin. A magazine article sounds the keynote by sayiiig the “American bluff is unmasked.” 250 Couples Dance At 'Dixie Cabaret' Two hundred and fifty couples danced to the music of Byron Dunbar and his orchestra last night at the Mortar Board spring formal in the north ballroom of the Union. Tables set beside the dance floor converted the ballroom intdi the “Dixie Cabaret” for the evening. Members of the cast of “The College Widow” presented a floor show preview during the intermission, and freshmen co-eds sold gardenias during the dance. Members of Mortar Board, senior honorary, are Peg Terstegge, president, Beth Simpson, Virginia !l^oyce, Jean Jones, Merle Hagemeyer, Paula Zwierlien, Ruth Bennett, and Joyce Burnham. j.h.a.
Indiana - Illinois Section Of SPEE Meets Here Today This morning opens the meeting of the indiana-Illinois Section of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education to be held in the Faculty Lounge of the Union for discussion of “Engineering Education and National Defense.” The three principal speakers on the program are Dean A. A. Potter of the University; H,^.T.*Heald, president of the Illinois Institute of Technology; and D. B. Prentice, president of Rose Polytechnic Institute. Prexy Speaks Welcoming the society to the campus will be President Elliott of the University. His address is to be followed by a business meeting and election of officers. " The group will be divided among the schools of engineering for departmental meetings at 2 o’clock this afternoon, but these meetings will be preceded by a campus tour immediately following the luncheon to be held in the Union Cafeteria. Program For Ladies Heading the engineering groups will be; chemical. Professor C. L. Lovell of the University; civil. Dean L. E. Grinter of ^he Illinois Institute of Technology; electrical. Dr. E. H. Freeman, also of Illinois Tech; general. Professor R. P. Hftelscher of the University of Illinois; and mechanical and aeronautical, David G. Ryan of the U. of I. A program for attending ladies will be in charge of Mrs Justus Rising. b.g.s. Parshall Will Address Sigma Pi Sigma Monday Mr. C. M. Parshall will speak on “The Production and Uses of X--rays” Monday, April 28, at 7:30 p. m. in the main lecture room of the Physics building. This is the second in a Series of open lectures on modern experimental physics sponsored by Sigma Pi Sigma, honorary physics society. Mr. Parshall will include demonstrations in his lecture.
Riveters Lose At Illinois, 10-5
Janisch Stars In Relief Chore
Invaders Suffer Third Straight Big Ten Loss
An Open Letter
To The SPEE
You are meeting here today to discuss “Engineering Education and National Defense,” among other things,. You will discuss the part the engineers of tomorrow will play in the country’s emergency program. But what we’d like to know is where have you been for the past twenty years ? The defense of America’s way of life should have been begun in 1918, and not with the building of armaments but the building of a permanent peace. You are going to discuss today’s problems in national defense but what about tomorrow’s problems. Are the youth of the nation about to sacrifice themselves again with no assurance that it will not be in vain? The results of World War I are still fresh in our memories. You are the educators of this country. Upon your shoulders rests the burden of training American youth to fruitful productiveness. Are you going to bring up the next generation as you have the last in ignorance of the social problems surrounding our idealistic state ? Are, you going to teach them that this is the “war to end wars” and that they neefd have no further concern over world problems? Are you going to tell them to stick to engineering and forget about high tariffs, about the unemployed, about strangled nations ? If so, then our sacrifice will be indeed in vain. Wouldn’t it be better to tell tomorrow’s student about the have and the h§,ve not nations ? Tell him how communications and transportation have literally compressed the world into a neighborhood; tell him about the pitfalls of isolation and the fallacy of complete individual independence. And prod him often into working for a solution of these shortcomings. You may shrug and claim that it is not entirely your problem but where if not in American colleges and universities can tomorrow’s leaders of industry and science be made aware of the task before them? We who are about to enter actively into/the conflict charge you with broadening the scope of the sci^tist and the engineer so that he may cope with the world of today. In the words of Dean Potter, “Engineering is the art of utilizing science economically for the benefit of mankind.” You have the power to prevent the engineer from desecrating this noble aim by teaching him to get at the root of the problem in the true scientific method. This is the price of our sacrifice.
By Ed Young Champaign, 111., April 25—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Combining the seven-hit pitching of Captain Alan Grant with some timely hitting in the early innings, Illinois handed the Riveters their third straight Conference defeat, this afternoon, 10-5. Grant was belted hard in the first three frames, but steadied to hold the invaders scoreless after the fifth. Leifheit Wild Walter Leifheit, sophomore rigkthander started the game for the Boilermakers, and was frisked for two runs in the opening inning due to a homer by Bobby Wahl. He was wild during hiS tenure on the slab, giving up eight passes before he was relieved by John Janisch in the fourth. Janisch held the Illini to two hits the rest of the way, walking but one and fanning four. He was in trouble in only the fifth stanza. We Score The Riveters drew first blood in the first inning when Mike Byelene drove a double to left center. He counted a moment later when Doherty’s grounder escaped the Illinois second baseman, Astroth. In the top of the third, Myeis led off with a single. McFerren followed with another saf^y and the sacks were loaded when Byelene walked. Grant couldn’t get the ball over for Doherty and he, too, walked, forcing in Myers with the tying run. Rally Continues Janisch lofted to center, McFerren scoring after the catch but Doherty was nailed attempting to take second on the play. Leifheit beat out an infield singly, scoring Byelene. Grant escaped without fuxther scoring. Leifheit’s wildness, some healthy (Continued on page 4)
Campus Of 1905 Lives
By Don Brophy Luscious campus cuties, muscular college “joes,” eccentric instructors and cuddlesome “towngirls” will add sparkle to the cast of George Ade’s famous satire, “The College Widow,” as it will be presented by the Varsity Show as part of the Gala week celebration next Thursday and Saturday night. May 1 and 3, in the Hall of Music. Taking us back to the romantic days when “Ma” was a shy, blushing co-ed and when Happy Hollow was still a place where the Sunday School held its annual pidnic, “The College Widow” will present an accurate rebirth of the haelthy, happy campus life at Purdue in 1906. Zany, Fast-Moving Almost immediately after the first curtain goes up the show picks up its zany, fast-moving tempo and holds this breezy pace through the entire opus to the final curtain call. In the first act the arrival on the campus of the much toted Billy Boltop, as portrayed by John Mingle, pigskin carrier de luxe and All-American star, with his father on his way to register at Indiana causes a general furorp among the dpwn-heartefl students, who have visions and forebodings of a subpar Purdue football team for the coming season. Clandestine meetings are held, plots are hatched and plans are laid to ensnare Bolton into remaining at Purdue. Marjorie Williamson, alais Jane Witherspoon, proxy’s daughter and perennial campus “widow,” takes it upon her pretty shoulders to see that this super-man is properly se-
George Ade says that he believes the big reason for the success of his play, “The College Widow,” is that the opus really has no leading parts. The limelight of “star of the show” is'shared by eight of the actors. Three of these eight leading roles will be enacted by J. Henry Amt (left). Science ’41, who will take the part of Peter Witherspoon, mythical president of the-University; Marjorie Williamson, HE ’42, casted as Jane Witherspoon, the campus “widow”; and John Mingle, ME ’43, who will play Billy Bolton, ace halfback on the Varsity squad.
duced into staying to fight on the .gridiron for the honor of the black and gold. Although Jane is reputed to bury an ardent lover following every commencement, after inviting Billy to the Faculty Dance she succeeds in ogling him into registering at the University. Boltop in the meantime has been bitten badly by the “love bug” and becomes the adoring worshipper of the “widow.” lU Scores Everything is moonlight and roses up to the final game of the season against Indiana. With Indiana ahead and minutes left to play, Bolton’s papa returns suddenly from an European trip and discovers the plot that has tricked his son into going to Purdue. He takes Billy out of the game and threatens to expose Miss Witherspoon, the preXy pnd all the other conspirators, who in the meantime have become devoted admirers of the boy. Jane, too, has fallen'in love with the handsome athlete from Minnesota and fears that she will lose Bolton’s admiration and her big chancq to “get her man” if the plot is exposed. A fancy bit of playwrighting saves the situation, but we’ll let you find out how for yourself. Campus Scenery Ken Carmichael, Playshop director, and his staff of assistants have made a few alterations on the original background of the play. The scene of “The College Widow” as George Ade first presented it in Washington in 1905 was laid at a (Continued on page 4)
Freshmen Win Dance Tonight Green Potfers Feature 'Blackout Girl Of 1941'; Bob McKittrick To Play Feature attraction of the Green Potters’ Dance, which is to be held tonight in the South ballroom of the Union, will be the presentation of the “Blackout Girl of 1941.” This girl must not only have beauty, but also charm arid personality. She will be the popular choice of all those attending the dance. Balloting has taken place during the past week at the ticket table outside of the.. Sweet Shop, where one vote has been cast with the purchase of each Nineteen Candidates ticket. Two freshmen girls from each sorority house and residence hall were chosen as candidates. They are: Margaret Grier and Mavis Dahl, Alpha Chi Omega; Frances Bowman and Martha Deermiah, Alpha Xi Delta; Kay Heitman and Mary Jane Roth, Chi Omega; Marguerite Henderson and Jean Thompson, Delta Gamma; Ann Ostrander and Virginia O’Bryan, Kappa Alpha Theta; Emily Caster and Maren Chestnut, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Jean Wood and Billie Cockran, Phi Mu; Carol Crowe and Dottie Davis, Pi Beta Phi; Anne Garland and Laverne Muir, South Hall; Jeanne Lauer, North Hall. Original Backdrop An original three-dimensional backdrop of an English village will provide the atmosphere which wiH carry out the blackout theme. During the evening, in the midst of these surroundings, the “Blackout Girl” will be introduced. Music will be by Bob McKittrick. The dance will begjn at nine o’clock. Tickets are the usual price of one dollar. m.a.f. Fifth Hanley Speech Contest Will Start May 8; $100 In Prizes Forensic board announced yestei*day that the fifth Hanley Speech Contest would be held May 8, at 4 o’clock in University Hall. The contest originated five years ago, when Mr. W. A. Hanley, ’ll, donated the first $100 in prizes to engineering students speaking on the economic aspects of some subject. There are two “musts” in this ^ contest; namely, you must be an engineering studSht, and your talk must treat the economic aspects of your subject. In other words, the subjects must be discussed from q businessman’s viewpoint. The preliminary speeches will be limited to five minutes, but the speeches for the final round can run to seven minutes. The prizes will be split in the following manner: first place, $85, second place $25, third place $16, fourth place $15, fifth place $6, sixth place $5. h.g.d. Unjversity Dairy Club Sponsors Dairy Day; Award Prizes At Bamiiiet Prizes, totaling ninety dollars., will be awarded this evening^at tfie annual Dairy Club banquet to winners of the dairy cattle and pi;Loducts judging contests which are a part of today’s Dairy Day, a new activity sponsored by the Dairy Club. The money is being offered by the State Breed Association and State Products Association. The cattle judging contests will be held in the Stock Judging Pavilion, covering the Jersey, Guernsey and Holstein breeds. Smith Hall 'will be the scene of the products judging contest, beginning at 12:46 p. m. with the inspection of milk, butter and ice cream. Professors Kuhlmap and 'Tuckey of the Univermty of Illinois will serve as olSlcial judges of the afternoon contests. The banquet will begin at 6 p.^ nu in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Pr. E. p. Stoltz, head pze Ohio State University Dairy depa^ment will speak after the banquet on “Opportnnities for |’rained Dairymen.” W. F. Brown is general lAairq!^ of Dairy Day and A. T. Wttham in charge of the banquet. wJt.
'P. ' a?
■svvnecMhet.'-H^ >>>t<S**i*rt*T*'**y*''’''*^**^^*’*
P
^euiSL 2-£ditiL
Saturday, April 2$, 1941
(pjuJiduiL ^xpomnL
■The Ratio— 3.93 .. . to 1
Thinga are getting awfully dead around here. Guess it’s just the post-Prom calm. A lot of fun wUl be had at the Black-out dance tonight, though. The girls are supposed to be protected when the place goes black, you know, and from what we hear, there will be some real protecting going on. Kappa Sig Randy Harris will bo there with Kappa Becky Pershing, which is quite a surprise. We expected to see him take his usual partner, Phil ScarfiF, especially to a black-out dance, but I reckon he will do all right anyhow. As long as that ugly but fascinating eternal geometric figure has been brought up, we might as well continue along the same line. You remember that siren Betty Sexton, don’t you? Well, she’s still going on breaking hearts around here even if she has left. The fellow that she’s givUig the well-known shaft to this time is Phi Kappa Tau Jack Miller. This is all going to happen during Gala Week when she is going to break her date with Jack and come down to visit Sig Ep pledge Lennie Kitts instead. Of course Lennie isn’t
Schedule Change EFFECTIVE APRIL 27 No. 1—To St. Louis and West, leave Lafayette 12:57 p. m. instead 4:53 p. m. Ar. St. Louis 6:50 p. m. No. 4—To Detroit and East, Lv. Lafayette 2:38 p. m. instead 2:44 p. m. making connection at Ft. Wayne for Washington and New York.
Vjwyvu Serving Since 1838-
Starts TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY —
George F. Austin ... of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering, is attending a three weeks special course in explosives at Washington University, in St. Louis. Austin and a group of other engineers are visiting various United States arsenals and powder plants in order to obtain the latest information for their class work. Ralph Howes .. . received the Alpha Zeta Scholarship plaque, awarded annually to the freshman agriculture student receiving the highest index for the first semester, at an initiation banquet of the organization held last Wednesday evening. His winning index was 5:83.
winning much either, because she already has a pin from some poor sucker in Chicago. Looks to us like everybody’s getting the run-around Gala Week, except Betty, of course. That gal really knows her onions. Speaking of Sig Ep pledges. Bob Saulter seems to be having some trouble along the same lines. He made quite a hit with Kappa Ellen Clark on the train going home for Christmas vacation, but he came home a dead pidgeon one night after following up yhis advantage. Those two haven’t gotten together since. Wonder what happened? People certainly are having a lot of fun around here starting new romances and breaking up old ones. For instance, three Kappa Sig pins ' have been returned lately, and also, we hear tell that Mickey Tierney’s old standby Kae Weber has given him the gate for a fellow by the name of Dietz." Ah me, such is life.
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY
CAN'T 61TB you ANTTNINC dUTmB,sm'
AND-
PLUS
WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
-SUNDAY-MONDAY-ANGELS JDVER BROADWAY SAILORS LADY COLOR CARTOON
TOMORROW - MON.
* Amszioa'i No. 1 onteriaiiunent in tli» Hardy's best hit yet ... and that meansi it's terrific I
jmt WCKET FAT tnin • BOONET • HOLDEN r- JUM «au MW ■DIBBBrOBO * ■JULBN • HONVBBoad BUnSBYII OBATSON LAST DAY — 2 HITS
ALSO
WENDY BARRIE JOHN HUBBARD IN
Stukas, Anti-aircraft Guns Battle In Raids On Athenian Shores LATE BULLETIN London, April 25—German troops early today landed on the coast of the Greek island of Lemnos, near the Dardanelles, Reuters, British, news agency, reported from Athens.^ By George Weller SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Athens, April 24. — (Delayed) — Suspended halfway between war and peace, Athens today fought off new seaside and waterfront ^ air raids by German dive-bombers while Greek soldiers, newly released from the Albanian front, greeted the duel between expert Nazi .fliers and Hellenic anti-air-craft gunners with cheers. Meanwhile, the New Zealanders were said to be still holding the line at Thermopylae, a reported landing on the island of Euboaea having been thwarted by British demolition experts blowing up Chalkis bridge between the mainland and the island, the largest of the Greek kingdom, in the Aegean Sea. Small Freighter Sunk The principal victim of today’s sustained attacks on the coastline was a small freighter with a large number of British civilian passengers, including many women and children, aboard. In full view of metropolitan roofs, the boat was attacked and sunk at Peiraeus (in Attica, port of Athens, five miles southwest of that city) by 12 German planes, four of which did the actual dive-bombing from a height of a few hundred feet. A brown tide of soldiers engulfed the city, many from the Albanian Army. Some who had been in Janina said the German authorities there had allowed them to depart without hindrance, although the invaders were entitled to hold the troops as war prisoners. Because the capital is the only absolutely safe place against the omnipresent German aviation, living accommodations are becoming scarce, some of the soldiers being obliged to sleep in the busses in which they arrived. But glisteningeyed soldiers and their sweethearts, reunited for the first time, strolled the boulevards in enlocked pairs, oblivious of everything except the
The Column
We see by yesterday’s Expo that students in a number of engineering fields are too valuable to be shot according to director Hillman of the 0PM. Which goes' to show that maybe there is something to engineering besides slide rules and integrals. However, we noticed that Hillman failed to mention one important, if small, group. Commonly known as . . . The PSE’s. _ * * * However, now that it looks like we may be permitted to stay here for the next three or four years, we don’t know just how we like it. After all, even a blitzkrieg does have its advantages. It’s one place where you don’t have to worry about... The next mechanics daily. * * * «» Getting around to Adolf and his playmates. We’re delighted to see that he thinks of America as one of his best friends. In fact, the Berlin papers even say that they don’t have the slightest thought of attacking us. All of which is sw^l. And we can forget about defense. But we don’t think the Navy will be happy about having to . . . Scrap their brand new battleship. * ♦ * Alarmists, of course, would get all excited about Adolf’s newly created friendship. They would probably point with alarm to the fact that Germany had nothing but friendship for . . . Norway, Poland, Jugoslavia, and the rest. 4^ But after all. It’s just like the isolationists say. Adolf isn’t a bad boy. He’s just . . . Misunderstood. * ♦ * The Nazis admit they didn’t seek war. They tried to
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second elaas matter at the peat offiaa ha Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consrem of Mardi E, 1879, and at the special rate of poataKO proridod for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authoriied Jannarjr 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. ■ Editer-in-Cbief ... B. W. Danahns Business Manager— Merle Bagamejrer Publlcalioii Staff i News Editor — J. H. McKee Managing Editor... - D. K. Hbiple Associate Editors: N. A Ochiltree, J. A, FvtctU, L. W. Euffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Asconnts Ifonager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, IL M. Recktenwald. ' Co-ad Staff Editor. Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna Siess. ^ — -• Sports Staff Kditor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, F. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim,
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 429 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Nordlinger Day Editor: Borson Issue Editor: Young Sports Editor: Meier Staff: B. G. Smith, A. J. Keim, W. E. Rafert, A R. Worsley, M. A. Flanagan, D. T. Brophy, O. L. Allanson, J. H. Armstrong.
avoid it. And as pro^f of this. When hostilities begin. They are always'among the last... To declare war. * * * Adolf, despite all his efforts to avoid war. Is continually pursued by war. It's just sort of . . . A fatal attraction. « « « We hope.—ola
fact of being together after six months of war. The German legation, located in‘ the same building as the American, was patrolled by a guard of soldiers placed there by temporary military authorities under Gen. Kavrakos. In the cinemas tonight there was evidence that Anglo-American sympathy has been little dimmed. Winston Churchill was roundly applauded and Pi-esident Roosevelt received oven louder applause. The streets were choked with people until the 9 o’clock curfew suddenly emptied them. The crowds were orderly, even quiet in some cases, and the young people were cheerful, apparently thankful of having done their duty to their country yet having saved their lives as well as their honor.
with a part' time ange^g who lovesjii; raise ..GMilill
DfreeWhy 5AM WOOD ok by RKO RADIO
ADDED ATTRACTION
WALT DISNEY'S TUGBOAT MICKEY
MARCH OF TIME'S LABOR and DEFENSE
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE Tickets on Sale 10:15 p. m.
— ADMISSION — Nights and Sunday 35c Week Day Matinees 25c Tax Included Children Always lOc, — TODAY — LErS MAKE MUSIC PLUS—FLYING WILD
Two Days Left For Senate Petitions With only two days remaining befor the deadline when signed petitions must be returned, no sophomore from the schools of Pharmacy and Physical Education has as yet taken out a petition, according to John Walley, Senate executive in -charge of elections. Only one petitioner from the sophomore class of the schools of Civil Engineering and Public Service Engineering has appeared. Only 48 Petitions A total of 48 petitions have been secured from the Senate so far, 26 freshmen and 23 sophomores seeking office. Fifty signatures of members of' the petitioner’s class and school are required on the petitions, which must be returned to the senate office by 1 o’clock Monday. Distribution of petitions secured to date is as follows: Freshman (petitions for sophomore representative)—Engineering, 16; Agriculture, 2; Home Economics, 2; Sci-
- $uek tfoUtfi-on! WAIT nil YOU HtAR IT! When both' Meivyn and Burgess start pouring gay love-words into Merle's ears... no wonder sho gets that "uncertain feeling"!
nneRdfl OOUGIAS .VaTai. uowmm Starts Today
Cary Hall Dedicates Spitzer Court Plague Cary Hall men were surprised Wednesday to find that somebody was digging a hole in the court. They found, however, that they weren’t being bombed, but that a bronze plaque was being inserted in the concrete in the middle of the quadrangle. The plaque formally names the quadrangle “Spitzer Court." The court has been named in honor of the'late Professor Spitzer and Mrs. Spitzer. Prof. Spitzer, of the Ag school, donated the land on which the halls were built in 1926. s.b.w.
ence, 3; Pharmacy and Physical Education combined, 3. Sophomores (petitions for junior representative): Agriculture, 6; Science, 6; Home Economics, 2; Electrical Engineering, 3; Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, 2; Pharmacy and Physical Education combined, 0; Mechanical Engineering, 6; Civil Engineering and Public Service Engineering combined, 1. j.h.a.t’?" ‘ f ‘ \ A . >. ^, t‘ » f.' > r MU^ “ ' ‘ ^ , i . v’t ^-' » _,r <4 ^ .
>)5-;WiS.^J5. <-'V'» / ‘ ' 1 •
■PHP
/ ^ \ ^ '^y
fiuAdujL ^ytpomnL
Sotiiirday, April 2B, 1941
fia^iL 3“Sl^ifdA,
4 ' ':''S^ A '^tS.
|LI ■ 1*1 T' C III* * Mass Gdf Tourney Ngi/ Links iGdins rdCG lllini won By ato^ 38.8 Riveter Tennis Squad Opens Season's Competition On Home Courts Average On Circuit
As Aiispaw's Men Journey To Champaign For Conference Starter
Strong lllmois Team Tests Coach LaBree's Court Men Coach Larry LaBree’s- revamped net squad will make its first appearance of the sea-^» son this afternoon when they engage a strong University of Illinois team on the clay courts just.north of the varsity baseball field. Hostilities will begin sharply at 2 o’clock. Although the Riveters have yet to post a tennis victory over the lllini, they have high hopes of ending this streak today and launching one of their own. Sophomores will figure prominently in the new line-up due to the luss of four lettermen through graduation. Three Letter Men Captain Bob Anderson will hold down the number one position, he being one of three returning lettermen. The other two, Ray Lucht and Fred Richards, will man the number two and five posts, respectively. Playing in the third spot is sophomore Dick Stettner, with another second-year man, Gus Armstrong, being given the fourth rung. The six-man team is completed with yet another soph, the recently re-instat-ed Bill Van Camp, mini Have Edge Not much is available on the invaders, although LaBree intimated that they had a strong team. I'hey will also have the advantage of having played a match or two in competition thus far. The Riveters are getting a late start in tennis in comparison to other institutions. As usual, there wil| be six singles and three doubles matches. Five matches, therefore, are necessary for victory. Confident that his charges would win three or four matches, the Riveter mentor predicted no easy time for the favored
lllini.
This match also opens the Big Ten campaign for both schools, a schedule which calls for six Conference engagements for the Riveters, including today’s set-to. The next loop opponent will be Michigan at Ann Arbor on May 5. Non-Conference Foes Sandwiched between these two, are encounters with Butler, here, and Indiana State Teachers at Muncie. The Butler contest is booked for May 1, the travelling tilt for the following day. Inexperience may hamper the hosts today, but rapid improvement is looked for in the weeks following. LaBree is banking on his sophomores to come through and they get their baptism of fire today against a very worthy foe. e.c.y. Major League baseball players try to hide the fact, but many of them have very unusual middle names. The record books catch up with them and record that Hugh Mulchay, Phillies pitcher, has the middle monicker, Noyes; Paul Waner’s is Glee; Stan Hack’s is Camfield; Lou Choizza’s second name is Peo; the Boston Red Sox reserve first baseman and outfielder is Louis Klopsche Finney and’“Bad News” Hale had the misfortune to be called Arnel Odell Hale. -
Frat Horseshoe . . . doubles tournament is scheduled to get under way Monday, April 28, at 4:30 p. m. on the horseshoe courts near the West Gate of the Varsity Baseball Field. The eight teams with the highest percentage of wins in the four matches played on Monday and Wednesday will enter the play off for championship on Tuesday, May 6. A trophy goes to the championship team while medals will be awarded members of winning team and runnersup.
Intra Mural Sports CO-ED BASEBALL On Monday, April 28, co-ed Intramural Baseball will get under way. Co-eds are to watch for scheduled
games:
Monday, April 28, Alpha Xi Delta vs Phi Mu. WRH Wood vs Ward II. Friday, May 2, Chi Omega vs Phi Mu; WRH Wood vs Kappa Kappa
Gamma.
Monday, May 5, Alpha Xi Delta vs WRH North; WRH South vs Ward II. Wednesday, May 7, Waid I vs
Ward II.
Wednesday, May 7, Ward I vs Ward III. Defense Courses . . . covering inspection work in the manufacture of explosives will be started^ by the University early next month for men employed in Indiana industries accoiding to an announcement yesterday from Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the department of general engineering. Beese is in charge of the defense training program for the state outside of areas in and near South Bend and Terre Haute, where courses are directed by men from Rose Polytechnic and Notre JDame. Lectures for the course will be given in Indianapolis and Lafayette. Actual laboratory work will be conducted on the campus.
IM Schedules FRATERNITY TENNIS Saturday, April 26 Class “B" Doubles 1:15 p. m. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Kappa Sigrzna. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Chi or Phi Delta Theta PhLKappa Tau vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 2:15 p. m. Theta Xi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Chi Rho or Tau Epsilon Phi, Thete Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Golfers Meet Last Year's Big Ten Titleholders Today Thoroughly conditioned for their Big Ten opeher today the Gold and Black golf team left this morning at six for an encounter with the Illinois golfers scheduled to begin at about 9:30 a. m. Taking advantage of the better-than-to-be-hoped-for weather of the last couple of weeks the Riveter links combihation has spent much time improving their game. Breaking the season open a week ago yesterday the Boilermaker golfers completely humbled the link representatives of Detroit University. The next day, however, they ran into considerably stiffer competition when the Notre Dame contingent visited the Riveter tramping grounds. ‘ Champion lllini Today’s encounter will in r.3 way be a pushover,'but Coach Allspaw has high hopes for his charges. Last year the lllini club swingers were Western Conference champs and all indications seem to’'indicate that the 1941 edition of the Sucker link squad is similar to the one of a year ago as far as tendency to win matches is concerned. ( Although they were not able to stop the powerful Irish goK team the Champaign golfers were able to hold the lads from South Bend to a very close score, allowing them a victory by only a three point margin. The Irish followers of the Scotch game succeeded in gathering a considerably larger margin in their victory on the Riveter course a week ago. Veterans Return With a batting average of about .500 in last season’s competition. Coach Aiispaw’s team should be able to carry forth in at least as creditable a manner this year since many of the boys on the present team arc veterans of last year. Dahl, Cur- , ran, Hoffer, and McDaniels were all familiar names on the varsity golf roster that are in today’s line-up. Hoffer and Dahl will make up one of the doubles teams for today’s activities, The other two Riveter doubles combinations will be Curran matched with Knitt and McDaniels accompanied by Schutt. Positions in the singles matches are respectively as follows: Dahl, Curran, Knitt, Hoffer, McDaniels and Schutt. d.w.m.
Accompanied with the comment that this year’s tourney was the best in its ten odd years of existance, Chief Clevett, head of" the Intramural Department, turned in yesterday some remarkable results for the outcome of the Inter-Fra-ternity Mass Golf Meet. Easily surpassing their nearest competitors in the old Scotch sport, the ATOs went around the nine hole circuit with the average score of 38.8. While such a score is not better than that shot by many students enrolled in the Boilermaker institution it is indeed very good for any group of lads not brought together for the specific purpose of improving their golf game. Each house that entered the tournament having an active chapter of more than 40 men was required to enter' one-fourth of its membership in the
tourney.
Weather Helps Smaller organizations with less than 30 men kad to play at least one-third of its membership. In this manner the Intramural Department assured itself that the tourney would be won by team strength and not individual prowess. All in all about 26 houses entered the contest and due to the fine golf weather of the past few weeks, most of the organizations played off their
matches.
Tie4for second place, the Lambda Chi and Kappa Sig golfers each completed the tourney with scores of 41.6. Phi Kappa Sigma placed fourth with a 42.7 average, and were followed by Beta Theta Pi with
43.1.
Other IM Link Contests The Mass Golf Tourney was designed primarily to allow wide participation. Another Inter-Fratern-ity golf contest which is usually held in the fall provides more personal competition. In this tourney three golfers from each house make up a team that grapples with similar teams from other Greek organizations. ..y While the 1941 Mass Inter-Fra-ternity Golf Tournament is already in the record books, more intramural golf is yet to be played on the Riveter campus this spring. The next tourney is to be an alLcampus affair. Anyone wishing to participate in it IS urged to sign up on the bulletin board outside the intramural checkout cage, d.w.m.
Renowned football enthusiasts* have never agreed when it comes to selecting the greatest backfield man. The seven leading candidates are Red Grange of Illinois, 1923-25; “Dutch” Clark, present coach of the Detroit Lions; George Gipp, of Notre Dame, 1917-20; Jim Thorpe of Carlisle, 1908-12; Tommy Harmon, of Michigan, temporary great; Walter Eckersall of Chicago, 190306, and Willie Heston of Michigan, 1901-04.
Bridge Tourney Play Reaches Semi-Finals Over thirty fraternity, sorority, and independent teams will take part in the first semi-final round of the All Campus Contract Bridge Tournament which will begin at 1 o’clock this afternoon in the South ballroom of the Union. The time, set at 1:30 p. m. last week for the convenience of Prom-goers, has been changed to enable players to finish the round in time for early dinners. Names Posted In Game Room Names of teams selected for the round, based cn-play in the qualifying rounds held on the two preceding Saturdays, have been posted in the Union game room. Cartons of cigarettes will be awarded to the members of the high-scoring teams of each section. The second semi-final round will be played at the same time Saturday,‘May 3. Four teams will be selected to meet in the finals, the following week, to compete for gold and silver trophies which will be awarded to the final winner and runner-up, respectively. The quality of bridge being played in this tournament, according to tournament director Joseph L. Born, is exceptionally high. “In fact,” said Born, “it is clear that campus bridge fans are playing a constantly improving game.” wJ. Alpha Zetas To Hold Ag Speech Contest Next Wednesday Alpha Zeta, agiiculture honorary, with the assistance of the Forensic Board, is sponsoring a speech contest on April 30 for the purpose of encouraging speech activities among the agriculture students. All students in the School of Agriculture are eligible contestants. Topics are to be chosen from some current phase of Agriculture. Speeches will be limited to five minutes and the decision of the judges will be final. The three judges are, one from the School of Agriculture, one from the Speech Department, and an outside person interested in agriculture. Judges for the contest will be announced at a later date. Medals will be awarded to the students placing first, second and third in the contest. In addition, a cup will be awarded to the organization represented by the winner. It will remain in the possession of that organization for a year. Entry blanks are available at associate Dean Freeman’s office. They must be filled out by 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 29. h.g.d.
Golds Battle Blacb Again Today If Jupe Pluvis Gives Okay Perseverance is indeed a great virtue. Anyone caring to see a ster-' ling example of this trait would do well to take a peek inside Ross-Ade Stadium about 2:30 this afternoon. There will be Coach Mai Elward, his assistants and a regiment of footballers making another attempt to play a football game. Old J. Pluvius seems to be equally determined that we shall see no football. The first attempt at a contest was during the Football Clinic. A deluge forced its cancellation. One For Three The following week, Elward caught Mr. Pluvius sleeping and a regulation game was played. Last week, however, rain again erased a projected tilt. Perhaps this is Coach Elward’s turn. Next Saturday spring practice will wind up with another GoldBlack contest in front of a Gala Week crowd. Presentation of the annual Freshman Award and a new trophy, the Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy, will feature this event. Backs Experienced Strengthening the line is still the biggest problem confronting the coaching staff. Graduation losses hit the forwards much harder than the backfield. Capable replacements are being groomed for service to prepare for any eventuality. Once again the air attack may be stressed in tomorrow’s game, as the backs seem to have shown that they execute most of the ground maneuvers fairly successfully, e.c.y. Model Railroad Will Again Run During Open House As part of the general University “Open House” Friday, May the Purdue Model Railroad Club will exhibit scale model trains in operation on its layout on the fourth floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building from 7 to 10 o’clock. Seven locomotives and over one hundred cars, all constructed in one quarter inch "to the foot scale, will be in operation over some 700 feet of track. The two-wheel superintendent’s car that interested over 200 visitors at the exhibit of" the club last fall will again be attached to some of the trains. j.h.a. Religious Group To Induct’ New Officers Tomorrow
'W I ..r
' y
'A.fiapL k- -
Saturday^ Ap^ 26» 1941
fiwtduM, SxpomnL
9n, JhsL QhjuUidfuiA.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason will teach the Men’s Class. 10:40 a. in.—Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach. 6:00 p. niu — Gerry Pugh and George Bixler will have charge, of the Fellowship Hour. 6i30 p. in.—Reports of the Evanston and Meroin Conferences. 7:15 p in—Worship led by Opal George. James Lucas and Alice Nichol.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Sts. Joseph B. Gleason, Student Pastoi 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class Hour. Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Church worship seivice. Sermon, “All This and Heaven, Too.” Music by choir, directed by Ivah Gruver Price. Organist — George E. Osborn. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour. Lunch at 6:00. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour. G. R. Mayhill will speak on “The Historical Meaning of Current Events.”
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street Rev. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m.—The Sunday morning group will continue its discussion of “Christianity and Democracy” under the leadership of Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m.—Dr. C. W. Wharton, pastor of the First Presbyterian church in Valparaiso will preach the morning sermon. 6:00 p. m.—^The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper and discussion. The program is in charge of the commission, on students from other lands. Roberto Hernandez will be the principal speaker. All students aie invited to join in the fellowship. Captain C. W. Messersmith . . . has been promoted to the rank of Major in the United States Field Artillery. The Major is now on duty as an instructor with the Military Department of the Univei’sity.
Campus Of 1905 . . (Continued from page 1) small sectarian school. In order to lend to the flavor and atmosphere of the production the Varsity Show’s presentation will have the University’s campus for its background. Old Exponent volumes were dusted off, foi'gotten traditions were dug up, and old alumni were contacted for factual information of the campus life in the early twentieth century. Cheating The Script The major change in script from the original play, however, makes the final score of the “big” football game a- tie, 11-11, so as to correspond to the actual score of the Purdue-Indiana gridiron tilt in 1905. The Varsity Show does cheat on history a little in changing the place of the game from Indianapolis to Stuart Field here in West Lafayette. With this additional atmosphere, with mention of popular rendevous and names familiar back in'^he old days, and with the tower of Heavilon Hall prominent in the background returning alumni should experience the thrill of their college days all over again as they watch the able cast of the Varsity Show mime “their” day at the University. Music Room Holds Carioon Exhibition Fourteen cartoons by John T. McCutcheon, one of the University’s noted alumni, are on exhibit until May 4 in the Music Room. Most of these cartoons have been loaned to the exhibit by the Sigma Chi House. Mr. McCutcheon, a Sigma Chi of the class of 1898, has dedicated many of these cai toons to his chapter. Seveial of the larger cartoons were lost for years and were recently discovered in the attic of the Sigma Chi House. During that time they became very famous. Most of the cai toons aie amusing satires on college life of McCutcheon’s time. One cartoon shows George Ade racing from the old Women’s Residence Hall. Also on exhibit is a copy of McCutcheon’s famous “Injun Summer.” Monday the original drawings of the stage sets which McCutcheon has designed for the University piesentation of the “College Widow” will also be on display. This exhibit will be pkrt_pf the Gala Week exhibits. a.r.w.
Social Groups To Hold Spring Dances Tonight Thiee sororities, two fraternities and Cary Hall will hold Spring dances tonight on the campus. Delta Upsilon fraternity and Alpha Chi Omega and Delta Gamma sororities have Spring formal affairs scheduled for this evening. Maury Mahn and his campus band will furnish the ifiiythms for the DU dance which will be held in the chapter house. Dancing will begin at 9 p. m., lasting until midnight. Dinner will be served before the dance. The Alpha Chi Omegas and their dates will dance to the music of Bill Martin and his band at their annual Spring formal in the North ballroofn of the Union. The Delta Gammas and their guests will travel ovei’ to Duncan Hall in Lafaydtte to dance to the melodies of the Wabash Ambassadors from Wabash College from 9 to 12. * Beta Sigma Psi fraternity, Thaeles sorority and Cary Hall will feature radio music at their entertainment tonight. An informal dinner at the Thaeles house will precede dancing in rooms 355 and 363 of the Union. The Beta Sigs will hold their dance in the chapter house, d.t.b.
Engineer Fresh Must Choose School Today All freshmen engineers must attend the regular engineering lecture class in Eliza Fowler Hall this morning at 8 a. m., according to word received from Dean Knapp’s office, to choose the school they wish to enter in the Fall. These choices will be made during the regular lecture class, and it is very important that all engineers holding freshmen cards whether or not they are excused from the course attend the lecture. Dean Knapp explained that if these choices are made at this time, much confusion will be avoided at registration time next semester. a.r.w.
Notices
Freshman and Sophomore Military: Sign up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest to be held in Armory Saturday, April 26, at 1:30 p. m. —WOODLING.
All Students: Tickets for PIA banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:15 p. m. in the Union, may be purchased for 60 cents from any PIA board member. Reamer member or pledge, or at the West desk in the Union. —KNEPPER.
R. B. Wiley
. . . head of the school of Civil Engineering, has been in Baltimore this week attending the meeting of the board of directors of the American Society of Civil Engineering. He is participating in the program sessions of the annual spring meeting of the society.
Roger Williams Club: Annual spring picnic at Vawter’s Big Rock Saturday, April 26. Meet at the church at 1 p. m. Transportation and meal ticket will cost each member five cents. —ARTMAN.
Exponent Board: Meeting Saturday, April 26, at 1 p. m. in the editorial office. All junior, sophomore, and freshman workers are expected to attend. —DONAHUE.
AH Electrical Engineers; Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10
Classified Ads
Typewriters sad adding mschlnsa, saw and used, far sole, rant and repaired. AU makes of portable typewritera, IM.TC ta $69.60 Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebetahoff, AW Main St. Phone, S77».
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8. at 7 :30 p. m. Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Frank Goris for 10c. ■—ANDERSON
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7 .•46 p. m. in room 366 of the Union. Unfinished business will be completed. Election of officers will be held. Permanent record cards will be filled out. Keys will be distributed. —^NORQUEST
Alpha Phi Omega: Actives and pledges, initiation will be held Sunday, April 27, at 5 p. m in the room across from the old chestnut room. Notify Schalliol immediately if you will attend —CHAMBERS.
Far Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Care for all occasions. Min. $2.66 all night. Phone 2407.
Wanted—One or two girls to share nice apartment beginning May 1. near campus. Inquire at Union West Desk
Faculty Members—Buy an ARTCRAFT ACADEMIC outfit or replace that worn Hood or Tassel. Call 46793. Mr. E. Willard King, Grand Rapids foi appointment
Purdue Outing Club: Short supper hike Saturday afternoon, April 26. Meet at the Women’s Gym promptly at 3:30 p. m. For reservations and information call Marjorie Ward, 41111, or Ted Parker, 36462, by Saturday noon All students interested in outing activities are welcome —PARKER.
Ride to Chicago—wanted 3 passengers Heaving Saturday 3 P. M., returning Sunday Telephone 46793 or call at 421 State Mr King
Freshman Engineers: Engineering lectures will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, April 26. All students with a freshman engineering rating should attend this Engineering Lecture in order that they may make their choice of school for next year. —KNAPP.
TURN YOU ASSETS INTO CASH
by using the pages of the Purdue Exponent for your Local Advertising. The Merchants main means of contact with Purdue and the West Side.
The Purdue Exponent Phone 4005
Riveters Lose . . . (Continued from page 1) hitting by the Suckers and a couple of Riveter misplays accounted for three runs in the Illinois half ofboth the third and fourth innings. Number Five MePerren walked in the fifth and was forced by Byelene. Mike scored later on a hit to right by Janisch. The Riveters left but four men on the basepaths while 11 Suckers were left stranded. Don Blanken wa*s an unexpected starter at first base. He had been out as a result of a sprained ankle. Don figured in one of the two' double plays turned in by the invaders.
Religious Council Peace Committee: No meeting Friday, April 25, because of attendance at week-end conferences. —MOFFET.
Glamorous
WAA: Riding call-out Monday, April 28, at 4 p. m. in the gym. Ten WAA points for each ride, 100 points maximum received. Everyone may ride. —REDWINE.
Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation and dinner Wednesday, April 30, at 4:30 p. m. in the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Alpha Lambda Delta: See Betty Brown for tea dance tickets. Each member must sell five or donate money for same to the treasury. —BROWN.
Catalyst Club: Election of new officers Wednesday, April 30 Chem and Met Building, at 7:30 p. m. Sign up for party in Dr. Lovell’s^ office. —BERGSTEDT.
AU Egg and Chick Show Committeemen: Be present at 1 p. m. Saturday, April'26, to set up the show. Please be prompt! —RAMP.
Tau Beta Pi: Informal initiation Monday, April 28, at 4:00, room 356 of the Union —MONTGOMERY
. . . languorous, amorous, Lamourous Dotty, who’s co-starred with Bing Crosby and Bob Hope in “Road to Zanzibar,” Paramount’s new comedy, which opens Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre.
YWCA: YWCA retreat at Bonnie Swope’s home, 906 Northwestern, at 2:30, Sunday, April 27. —NEWTON
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meeting of old and new cabinets Tuesday, April 29, at 126 Chauncey, Supper at 6 -30. Meeting begins at 6 :30. —RIGGS
Purdue Christian Foundation: Installation of officers Sunday, April 27, at 6:30. All officers be sure to attend. AH students invited. —RIGGS
AH EE’s: Meeting in EE reading room at 4 p. m , April 28, for those who are working and those who would like to work on open house projects. —HOLCOMB
Kappa Delta Pi: There will be a meeting of the nominating committee Monday, April 28, in room 306 of the Union. The following people must be present: Mary Prances Hunter, Ed Narwicki, Rosemary Keifner, and Mary Pigeon —LUARS
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 4:00 in front of the Civil Engineering building. All actives and pledges must attend. —SAMS
Scrivener Staff: Meeting Saturday, April 26, at 1:0(1. in the Scrivener office for distiibntion df magazines. —ALEXANDER
Newman Club: There will be a meeting of all members who plan to attend the Ohio Valley Convention at Ohio State University in Room 302 of the Union on 'luesday, April 29, at 4 :00 ■:-LUERS
PIA Dance Classes: Beginners and Advanced Class will meet Tuesday April 29, at 7 :30 sharp. —HUMPHREY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“The United States says we’re guilty of aggression in attacking our neighbor island, and they've ‘frozen’ our assets of 78 coconuts!”
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th & Main Sts.
Phona 5710
• jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
■niiMliiaiilMiiMai