A
I Sr,*
Srhe Purfliic TExuflitenl
Read Daily By 5^000 Studeilts Of Purdue University
VOLOm tLVlli
E3tpecl li),(iOI} To See Stimts • f At Air Show Under the eyes of an anticipated 10,000, a large coteri,e of stunt pilots, parachute jumpers, and formation fliers will go through their paces at the anhual American Leg-lon-Purdue Airport Air Show Sunday. The show, opening at 1:30 p. m. at the University Airport, will get off to a flying start as the planes of the 113th Observation squadron circle the field in Army formations. “Flying Irishman” FVom then on to a quarter after five, the afternoon will 6e literally crammed with events. On the “thrill bill” IS Mike “Flying Irishman” Murphyr-of Kokemo> the first pilot to successfully launch an airplane from the top of an automobile that is racing down the runways at 60 miles per hour. Other pilots have tried this stunt, but are now “requiescat in pace.” Lieut. Joseph C. Mackey, of Findlay, O., winner of the Freddie Lund trophy, highest U. S. award for picecision acrobatics, will give several exhibitions of high speed maneuvering. Incidentally, Lieut. Mackey has just been chosen to represent America at the International Aerobatic competition in St. Louis, Mo., May 29-31. Air Show Program 1:00—^National Guard Maneuvers. 2:00—^Bursting Bomb flight, opening number of meet. 2:16—Mike Murphy, Taperwing acrobatics. 2:30—Myron Hightower, banner flight. 2:46—Lieut. J. C. Mackey, high speed acrobatics. 3:00—Mike Murphy, “Cub-atics.” 3:16—Mackey, Middletown, Hightower—three ship dog fight and parachute take off. 3:30—Earl Stein in 15,000 foot delayed parachute jump with smoke trail. 3:80-4:30—Skywriting, intermission and passenger carrying. 4:30—Carl “Bubs” Middleton speed dashes with smoke. 4:46—Lieut. Mackey, National Air Race acrobatics in Waco Taperwing. 5:00—Mike Murphy in airplane take-off from top of auto. 5:16—Earl Stein, 15,000 foot batwing jump. Bat-'VV^ing Jump An exhibition of sheer daring and nerve will be Earl R. “White” Stein, the national champion bat-wing parachute jumper and exponent of the hair-raising 15,000 foot jump. He IS now the only bat-wing jumper alive, his only competitor having met his death last April.
SPE’s Plan Stunts For Sunday Cafeteria Show Members of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity will give several imitations and musical numbers in the Union Cafeteria Show Sunday at 5:30 p. m. The show will consist of an imitation of the “Two Black Crows” and several numbers by a band, consisting of a piano, clarinet, guitar, and trumpet. J. C. Hess will manage the show.
Stunt Man
“Mike” MurpHyrdaring Kokomo stunt man who will perform his take off from the top of a speeding auto in the American Legion-Purdue Airport Show tomorrow afternoon.
Frosh Judge Stock Today Eighty-seven freshmen agriculture students will compete today in the annual freshman livestock judging contest at the Livestock Pavilion. Two classes each of horses, cattle, sheep, and hogs from the University barns will be placed and scored by the freshmen, beginning at 8 o’clock this morning. The students will return in the afternoon and give oral reasons, .limited to two minutes for each set, on four of the eight classes placed in the morning. Committees from the animal husbandry department, having placed the stock before the contest, will hear the reasons and score the contestants. Five-Man Teams Five-man teams from each section will judge in addition to the individual competition. Only those who have had two semesters of animal husbandry and are up in the work are eligible to compete. Winners in the contest are to be announced at a smoker in the Union Building tonight. All freshmen who have participated in the contest are expected to attend.
Plan Shop Work For Farm Short Course Two summer short courses will be available to teachers of vocational agriculture at the University soon after the close of school. A course in farm shop work will run from June 14 to June 28, and will be followed by a similar course in the adjustment and repair of farm machinery, running until July 10. The purpose of these short courses is to acquaint the 218 Indiana high school agriculture teachers with the latest methods of repair, adjustment, and construction of farm equipment. Emphasis will be placed upon teaching methods as well as on practical repair and shop work.
William Allen White Is His Own Most Favored Subject
By Sally McKee William Allen White would rather talk about himself than any other subject. Of his egotism, Mrs. White says, “He can’t be an hour on an ocean liner without telling the captain how to run the ship.” White, one of the most famous newspaper editors of the present generation, will deliver the main address at the Literary Banquet today. Autobiography in his brief and concise three page autobiography he says, after the statement of his marriage, “We came to Emporia and bought the Gazette in 1896.” Since that time the Emporia Gazette has become famous as having editorials coming from White’s pen which are superior to those of most large newspapers. Pdrhaps his best known piece of
writing is “Mary White,” an editorial printed in the Gazette after his daughter’s death. Republican Except for the period when he was an important member of Theodore Roosevelt’s Progressive Party, he has been a Republican since 1888. He cast one of the six protest votes for Hoover in the 1920 Harding convention. In 1936 he backed Governor Landon in his editorials and wrote for the Saturday Evening Post a campaign biography, “Landon As I Know Him.” He ran independently as a candidate for governor of Kansas “in order to hgve my say against the Ku Klux Klan.” He spent on the campaign what it cost to run his Dodge 2700 miles and $76 in postage and in six weeks gathered one out of every four votes cast in the election.
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MAY 22, 1937
NUMBER im
Engineer Wins Gup In Nation Wide Contest “Best undergraduate engineering journal in the U. S.” is the distinction awarded the Purdue Engineer, publication of the Purdue school of engineering, by the Tech Engineering News, journal of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in a nation-wide contest embracing 17 of the country’s leading student magazines. A cup is awarded in recognition of the honor. Appearance The magazines were judged on general appearance, scientific and engineering merit of editorial contents, make-up, composition, circulation and distribution, as well as on illustrations and art work. The cup will be held by the Purdue Engineer until next year, when the contest will be repeated. Any publication winning the cup three years in succession will become its permanent possessor. Editor E. K. Jones was editor-in-chief of the Engineer. Ip making the award, the judges commented on the excellent selection and presentation of material. Honorable mention was given to the Co-operative Engineer of the University of Cincinnati, and the Michigan Technic of the University of Michigan. Judges were faculty members of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, practical engineers, and pressmen.
Henderson To Head Summer Program H. A. Henderson, formerly of the Butler University staff and a former superintendent Of schools at Greencastle mod Delphi, will head the teaching staff ip a short course of visual instruction in connection with Prof. Justus Rising, of the practical mechanics department, from June 14 to 26. One of the features of the program will be a lecture by Col. Frederick Devereux, of New York, who will be here on the program for the Purdue Institute on American Policy and Technology. Such subjects as photographic prints, actual specimens, charts, lantern slides, silent and sound motion pictures will be used in this demonstration of visual methods of teaching. The purpose of the course will be to determine the effect of these methods on the learning processes.
Radio Stage Picks WB AA ‘Discoveries’ Shirley Yonover, Sarah Gershuny, and Jack Allen have been named by Radio Stage as the most outstanding radio “discoveries” of the current season. ^ Radio Stage is sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association and the Purdue department of speech. Every Saturday afternoon at 1 o’clock a play is broadcast by this group from the studio of station WBAA. Radio Stage had its origin during the summer of 1936 and since that time has been producing and presenting plays regularly. The purposes and aims of Radio Stage are primarily to give University students a chance to release their latent talent by way of the air waves and to give them experience in acting before a microphone.
Final Debris WarningGet Yours Before Noon
The Debris office will be open today from 8 a. m. until noon. No Debris will be distributed after this time.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held' on Monday, Mj^y 24, at 4 p. m., in St^inley Gofilte:^ Hall. A full atAefifiapce is expected. EDWARD G. ELL10TT, President.
Lecturer
*'ti - !• 1 if
Dr. Clarence A. Mills, lecturer and author in the field of humad geography from the University of Cincinnati, who will speak at the Purdue American Policy, Technology Institute.
Scriveners To Initiate 2^ Scrivener Club, campus literary organization, will initiate 25 new members with full ceremonies tomorrow night at the Union Building, following the initiation with a complimentary banquet at Wheeler’s Restaurant at 6:30 . The new members will be required to read the manuscripts which they have prepared as part of their pledge duties. Both prose and poetry have been assigned on “The Love Life Of The Sand Plea” and other such assorted subjects. Guests at the affair will include Prof, and Mrs. H. L. Creek, Prof, and Mrs. E. G. Sutcliffe, Prof, and Mrs. Paul Fatout, Prof. F. A. Cummings, and Prof, and Mrs. H. McKee.
Bray And Lovell To Attend AIChE Meet Dr. John L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, and Dr. C. L. Lovell, of his staff, will leave Sunday for Toronto, Canada, to attend the anhual meeting of the American Institute of Chemical Engineering to be held May 26-28. After this meeting they will leave on a trip to various points in northern Ontario, visiting the gold, silver, nickel and copper smelters to inspect the new developments in this field.
Ceres Initiates Six At Banquet; Beeson Talks Ceres, agronomy honorary, held its annual initiation banquet last night in the peasant room of the Union Building, following the initiation of six juniors in agronomy in the afternoon. E. C. Miller presided and Prof. K. E. Beeson, of the agronomy department, gave the main address. About 25 actives, pledges, and alumni attended. Juniois initiated were W. G. Beck, D. V. Catron, H. C. Cripe, L. T. Kurtz, W. E. Kurtz, and I. S. Willis.
Distelhorst To Take New Journalistic Post S. D. Distelhorst, B, S. E. E., ’35, and former Bold and Black editor qf the Exponent, will join the editorial staff of Air Conditioning and Oil Heat, trade journal, on June 15. Distelhorst will leave his present post on the staff of Industrial Power in New York City,, N. Y., in order to take up his new position in St. Joseph, Mo.
CHANGE OP SCHOOLS
Any student who plans definitely to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file hie application before the end of the present year. Blanks at the Registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
W. A White Speaks Today At Literary Banquet; Cummings To Award Winterrowd Prize William Allen White, versatile Emporia, Kan., editor, will arrive this afternoon at 3 o’clock from St. Louis, Mo., to deliver the main address at the annual All Literary Banquet, which will be held tomght at 6 o’clock
in the Memorial Union ballroom. Trophies and cash awards will be presented tonight by Prof. F. A, Cummings of the English department to the winners in the University literary contest. The contest is under the auspices of the English department and the Scrivener club.
Awards
The Winterrowd awards of $65 and $35, will be given to the two students having the two best libraries. Other cash awards to be given are: the Dean Enders’ prizes of $10 and $5, for the first and second best scientific essays; the English department award of $10 for the best familiar essay; and the HockemaStewart prizes of $15 and $10, for the first and second best historical essays on Tippecanoe County or In-
diana.
Trophies to be awarded are the George Ade Cup, for the best short play; the David E. Ross Cup, for the best poem; and the Horace G. Reisner Cup, for the best short
story.
Offer History Short Cotirses History, government, and economics short courses will be offered at the summer session begiiming June 17 and lasting until August 14. A total of 17 courses are being offered by the department of history, government, and economics. American and European history, both 19th century and modern, are to be taught in five courses. Six elective courses in economics, covering labor problems and current economics, will be given in addition to the regular course. An introduction to economics and human geogrraphy, recently designated as essential to a teacher’s license in the social studies option, Avill be given. Three government courses, dealing with Federal, State, and international relations, complete the subjects offered.
Initiate Five At Alpha Zeta Banquet At an initiation banquet held on Thursday, five pledges were initiated into Alpha Zeta, national allagricultural honorary fraternity. Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the history and economics department, gave a talk on the possibilities of a world economic conference. The initiates are D. V. Catron, J. W. Scatterday, J. C. Dibble, Carl Freese, and R. C. Ziegler.
Tennis WiU
Play For Mixer
Lowell Tennis will play for the
regular mixer tomght from 9 till 12 in the ballroom of the Memorial
Union Building.
Tennis, who has headquarters in Detroit, played here once last year. He has recently completed a long stand at the Trianon m Terre
Haute.
Students ^Tell AW On Campus Question Sheet By Don Terrio Just how do you utilize the time on your hands during out-of-class hours? What do you think about the athletic and Union programs? What IS your personal set-up and
social life?
The answers to these and other queries are being ferreted out by an extensive questionnaire now in circulation. The questionnaire has been created by the committee for coordination of extra-curricular activities, and is designed not to produce supervision, but to secure a picture of out-of-classroom college life, and to ask for constructive crit-
icism.
Pastimes The whole g;amut of campus pastimes, from dating, card playing, and “buU” sessions, to church and reading is covered. A survey of the general campus social situation is asked for in the list of 29 questions, which include interogations on living conditions, finances, and other aspects of personal note. Copies have been distributed to fraternities, sororities and residence halls, and 350 questionnaires have been mailed to Lafayette students and commuters. Intramural athletic ward managers are contacting unorganized men living in their areas. Student representatives are R. Paul Manion, Jim Shoemaker, and Ruth Copeland.
Final WAA Hike Today Co-eds going on the W. A. A. hike this afternoon will meet in Women’s Gymnasium at 2 o’clock. The hike is in charge of Mabel Campbell, hiking chairman of W. A. A. This gathering will be the last in this semester’s series of hikes.
Dead-Eye Doc Enders Wakes Up Students With Blow-gun
By Don Paarlberg “Doc” Enders doesn’t anticipate any more trouble in keeping his Friday biology class awake for the rest of the semester. The boys have been getting out of hand a bit lately. This is an 8 o’clock class of several hundred freshmen, and everyone who comes straggling in after the bell is given the well known Purdue ovation. Such students as stay awake in the hour greet the “Doc’s” assignments with boos and hisses when he is scrawling them on the board. And the half-dozen girls in the class were having a pretty tough time of it. Blow Gun So “Doc” decided to take steps. He appeared in class smsterday morning with a seven-foot South American blowgun and a quiver of darts, and solemnly announced that it was his purpose to whip the boys into line and wake up some of the sleeping beauties with this deadly outfit. Some of the bo3m expressed doubt Concerning his markmanship, and the murmur of skepticism was then
heard throughout the room. So the “Doc” brought out a cardboard target with a two-inch bullseye and retreated about 30 feet down the center aisle. Squinting down the barrel of the blow-gun, he took a deep breath, drew a bead on the target, and let go with a grunt audible as far as the Physics Buildingl BuUseyet A six-inch dart hung quivering in the dead center of the inner circle. There was a brief outburst of applause, cramped, perhaps by vague forebodings of the terrible veatgeance the Doc could wreak lilktii this murderous weapon. A few of the skeptics pooh-poohed the performance. So the Doc retreated another five feet and sank another shaft in the target. The farther back he went» the louder grevr the wunts and the greater grew the awe of the audience, until finally he convinced th<«a with a bullseye firom qlmost the full length of the room. The htow-gun lay on Dec's desk the remainder of the leoture. At tention was practically perfsckSl^e barbae Exponent
fMiiM til IMS
WalaTiiil as weond elaw teatter at the pout office, Lafajrette, ladiaaa. DeUvend by ■aflLtWpar J2W|Jj^2|mdJk2;witer2 gj60jgCTj|raar2 8^[d b2jajaiB2le,o^[t 2.eratjL
Daily Student Pablication of Purdue University
rboBe (088
OFnCXi—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Fhoae 6087
Bdi(or>in-Chief.„ IfaiBaains Editor..
EDITORIAL STAFF
..S. P. Manion ..J, E. Brock
Aeaoeiate Editore— Bold and Black Blditor
D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Sehroeder,
H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Beth MeCool
Manager....
it Business Manager..
BUSINESS STAFF
National Adrertising Manager.. Local Advertising Manager...„. CircnlatioD Manager.—
D. a Miller J. P. Girard „....W. J. Gillilan R. Heneler M. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors.
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchaln J. & Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors..
WOMEN’S STAFF
..Elisabeth Fyke
Jlfary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Co-Edits
Issue Editor—M. S. Estey
We Want The Bucket One drizzly afternoon exactly six months ago yesterday, a fighting Boilermaker gridiron eleven battled an equally gallant football team from our downstate sister institution to a 20-20 tie in the traditional Old Oaken Bucket game. Exactly six months from the day before yesterday another Purdue eleven will face the 1937 Crimson pigskin squad in another fight for possession of the coveted Bucket. According to an atgreement between representatives from each school after last fall’s game, the Old Oaken Bucket was to remain in Bloomington for six months and then would be shipped to Lafayette to stay at least until the day of the 1937
fray.
Already we have been deprived of rightful possession of the Bucket for a day. We figure we are getting the short end of the bargain anyway , since Indiana has gotten to keep the Bucket during regular school semesters, while more than half of its suppos^ly six-month stay at Purdue will be taken up by vacation. We want that Bucket.
READER’S OPINION
To Whom It May Concern— Lafayette, Indiana. May 22, 1937. To whom it may concern: , I have received altogether ten anonymous letters lately, in which the sender used all sorts of incorrect, outlandish, and amusing spellings. I am taking this means of acknowledging that I got them and of letting the sender know that I am preparing an open letter in reply, but which I have been too busy to finish. Will the sender of these letters show that he has read this letter and will bear patiently with me \for some time by putting the number eleven (11) on his next letter? I hope his ingenuity can produce one more peculiar spelling. No matter how odd the spelling used in my name and address has been, the postman has so far delivered ten letters to me. I have not tried and will not try to find out who the sender of the letters is. Yours respectfully, OTTO A. GREINER.
“I am a sort of a freshman president; you’ll have to be patient with me.” Those are the 'schoolboy words, minus the blushes, of Clarence A. Dykstra, new University of Wisconsin president.
New York, N.Y,—“IT’S TRUE! that for a scene in ‘Night Must Fair, the research department at M-G-M sent to England for material with which to reconstruct a famous British forest,” 8ay« Wiley Padan. “Also, IT’S TRUE! that Dame May Whitty, 71-year-old British star imported for this picture, won her title for wartime ch^ties and not for acting, althot^h she has been more than 55 years a London hcadMncr.” ' '
For the promotion of closer friendships, next year’s senior co eds are organizing now instead of waiting until next February, as the class of 1937 did. No election will be held in thisX large group since the girls feel that a popular election would partially defeat the pur pose of the organization—^to intC' grate the fourth year women stu
dents.
With the help of the 1937 co-edS; committees have already been ap pointed to start work on class func« tions.i Jeanne Perkins is general chairman and has as her assistants Jeanne Stiles and Catherine Ann Cromer. Mary Alice Masters is the chairman of the investigating com
mittee.
The class of 1938 is not going to center its attention on the Senior Snoopers Banquet alone. Already elaborate plans are being made for suitable garb to be worn in the senior parade at the first home football game. The girls are not content to watch cords and derbies paraded before them but desire to mingle in suitable clothing with the men. The parade will mark only the beginning of the class activities foi^ senior co-eds. We cannot reveal all the exciting plans to the campus at the present, but intend to create some surprises with our new scheme. —E. C, PYKE, Co-ed Editor,
Sophomores Lose To Seniors in WAA Tourney Sophomores were beaten yesterday in a baseball game with the seniors. The score was 15-14 in the
senior’s favor.
The freshman “orange” team was beaten by a score of 21 to 1 by the
blue” team.
The final class game of the year will be played by the senior and the freshman girls at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon. The following freshman girls will play in this game: H. Billings, A. Bratich, M. Clymer, E. Dunwoody, M. Holtman, E. Martin, K. Mounce, L. Newman, M. Schroder, H. Steffee, and G. Walker. Allstar teams will then be chosen from all the classes to play the championship game at 4 p. m., May 26.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
INFAMOUS FIRST LINES . . When it rains cats and dogs, beware of the poodles ...
SEEN AROUND CAMPUS; ‘Big Shot,” GLEN MARTIN plajring ‘button, button, who’s got the button’ in the Debris office Belt MURPHY looking glum he doesn’t know what to do about the C. O. D. package at the post office since he hasn’t any use for it any more . . . it’s a jeweled sweet-
heart pin . . .
“Petie” LIGHT looking like the cat that swallowed the canary , Why? ? . . . Ask her . . . IKE—What did the little French girl say when you asked her if she kissed and petted?
MIKE—Adieu.
IKE—^You lucky stiff.
JACK ‘Darling’ OHAVER (quote) Well, after all, GROVESEY, Dear if you didn’t want the date with me you could have told me .. . You didn’t have to come to the hospital
to get out of it. . .
A NEW VIEWPOINT ... It isn’t the girl that counts so much, it’s what she stands for . . . At the DU senior farewell dinner last week certain prizes were given , my very good frand WULE TICH received a lovely fish . . MARTY SCHREYER was donated horn ... I wonder why ... “BillyBoy” GILBERT is n6w the proud
BOaSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
The Risk Dental Obiic DM. PAUI, A. aiw Da. nABOLD J. ana Da. Bonnrr g. ana Da. umna A. aiaa 4et Sdmlta Bldff. Phono i7ffl
l^StffiOCN r^RVICE
P RINTING
OHw SMIwMwr.. DMMbf IwIMIm
rr,vr,E fclOl Ifc. . . 6 S 8 CA^^L*S 4otwaiffi*
HE HAD ROtAAHCE IN HIS EYES AND ■—ODER IN HiS HEART!
Robert Montgomery wins NEW fame in this great dramatic role! The stage hit astonished New York and London 80 thrill-packed weeks!
DAME MAY WHIT ALAN MARSH MERLE TOTTENHAM KATHLEEN HARRISO
—LAST DAY—
Patsy Kelly — Lyda Roberti
-Plus— Betty Boop Cartoon Starts TOMORROW
“Nobody’s Baby” —snJ— Brisit Donlevy in “Midnieht Tiwi”
Lilli
“You say one of our salesmen is annoying you? Well,’give him an order and throw the bum out, lady!”
possessor of an adorable shovel. .. The winner of MARS DOUBLE PASS this week is R. J. M.... they will be at the Union Desk by noon today... The passes next week will go to the person sending in the best list of words from the MORON’S dictionary ... For example: INTENSE . the way you live when you go camping . . . MARS PASSES MARS PASSES MARS PASSES
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION a G. REISNER
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry Soath Third Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
ARC SUNDAY — MONDAY
Irene Dunne and John Boles In ‘Theodora Goes Wild” “■NMldr* Shirley Temple and Frank Morgan in “Dimples” * I ■ olso~*** Mickey Mouse Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY “Valley of Lawless” ’ “Crash Donovan” ‘Undersea Kingdom”
klAill
TODAY The Soldier I Black and the Lady I Legion Midnite Prevue Tonite 11:30 Jim Hanvey Detective”
STARTS SUNDAY DOUBLE FEATURE Young romance—Old wits—Screwy crooks and crooked cops rolled into a mad mystery of side splitting comedy!
DETECTIVE
with GUY KIBBEE — TOM BROWN
.. , Join the ranks, cry at the spanks, laugh at the pranks »f Booth Tarkington’s battling bunch of bad boys. (P. S.)— Especially recommended for Dads with a grouch!
Billie Frank Jackie MAUGH CRAVEN MORROW, f yr’ Y.'.yc v
y i ■■ \S ,
'-^'->''1"’ {/i if
Saturday, May 22,1S87
THE PUKDim EXroSaNT
Boilermakers Downed 4-1 By Indiana Squad
Try as they might, the mighty Boilermakers went down to bitter defeat last night at the hands of the Crimson nine on the short end of a 4-1 score. The batteries for Purdue were Arthur and Arnold Bredewater, while the Hoosiers sent in Hosier and Grieger to tame the Old Gold and Black. Bredewater allowed the Hoosiers only four hits, but the five errors made by Purdue can readily account for their four runs. Strange as it may seem, the Boilermakers succeeded in getting six hits off the Indiana jfftcher, only to lose by the margin of three runs. “Stu” Heiss will probably start for Purdue in tomorrow’s encounter.
-J4MUrr
Sunday — Monday
WE 6 NEW SONQS ARE IVING BERLIN’S BEST
'OH .ma, iMBHOB ^CaRROlL MPOUIELL
« ALICrFAYE
mn BROTHERS
LAST TIMES TODAY Dick Foran
“Cherokee Strip” —-«nd— Margaret Lindsay
“Song of the City’'
'imS&mmSSS
STANDINGS
—National League— Won Lost Pittsburgh 18 7 St. XiOuis 16 11 Chicago 14 12 New York 14 ^ 13 Brooklyn 11 14 Boston 10 13 Cincinnati 9 14 Philadelphia 10 17 Yesterday’s Results Boston, 6; Pittsburgh, 3. Cincinnati, 6; Philadelphia, Chicago, 8; New York, 6. St. Louis, 11; Brooklsm, 2. —American League— ■^on Lost Cleveland 12 8 Philadelphia 13 9 New York 14 10 Detroit 14 11 Washington 12 14 Chicago 10 13 Boston 9 12 St. Louis 8 16 Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 7; Washington, Philadelphia, 4; Chicago,. 3. New York, 4; St. Louis, 3. Detroit, 4; Boston, 2.
Pet. .720 .676 .638 .611 .440 .436 .392 .370
6.
Pet. .600 .690 .683 .660 .461 .434 .409 .347
6.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
Monger vs. Berg or Moses. Ayer vs. Chapline or Breen. Woodson vs. Lentz or Hehbeler. Taylor vs. Wilks.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Watson Sets New Mark At Big Ten Meet
Every conference team was successful in qualifying at least one man in the first day’s running of the Big Ten track and field meet at Ann Arbor, Mich., yesterday, with top honors going to Michigan, who placed 17 men in the preliminary trials. Second place honors went to Illinois with ten men qualifying, followed closely by Ohio State with nine. Indiana tied for fourth with seven men, while Purdue was in last position qualifying only one man. Shot Put Record Shattered The outstanding event of the whole day was the new record of 60 feet 10 3-8 set in the shot-put by Big Bill Watson, Michigan negro star. Don Lash and Tommy Deckard of Indiana, took first and second places for Indiana in the mile run to hold true to all expectations. Bob Osgood and Bush Lamb, versatile stars, proved their prowess by winning in the high and low hurdles respectively. Lamb was formerly 1936 javelin champion and Osgood had just finished running in t]^e high hurdles.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT!
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th und Ferry
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square I Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
TEACHERS WANTED
Enroll immediately—^Positions now open. Primary, intermediate, advanced grades, commercial, Spanish, Latin, English, history, music, piano and others. Enclose stamped enveli^e.
WESTERN STATES Low Placement Fee
PROFESSIONAL PLACEMENT BUREAU S08-9 McIntyre Bid?. Salt Lake City, Utah
—LAST DAT—
—EXTRA—
Claire Trevor
Lloyd Nolan
Akin Tamirofl
BlIIIBiiiilllllli mbHIIIH
Traveltalk
“Kin? of the Ganbletn”
In Color
f
i elder’s.... ....choice
- By Bill Fifield
Indiana, four hits... Purdue, five errors ... Indiana, four runs ... and another pitcher throws his arm off for another disheartening defeat . . This will just about summarize the game which the Boilermakers engaged in with Indiana yesterday . . —fc— Well, maybe the grade school kids learned something from Fonseca . . at least the crowd enjoyed his exhibition ... this afternoon the squad will have another chance to show that they can play good bfill (even against Indiana) and they really can too ... ‘ —fc— Arnold and Arthur ... it is really inspirational to see the way those Bredewater boys work together .. . Purdue qualified in one event in the first day’s run of the Big Ten track and field meet at Ann Arbor yesterday . . . there are enough record holders there to have a meet of their own . . . and from a glance at the results, it appears that that is just what they are doing ... —^fc— 'Most of the stars in Big Ten track this year don’t seem satisfied with just being good in one thing . . . . they have to win four or five separate events and set a record or two before they feel that <tMey have done a good day’s work . . .
Lawrie Defeats Skinner In Golf Tournament Finals
D. Lawrie defeated R. E. Skinner 70-75 in the final match of the AllCampus golf tourney yesterday afternoon to win the beautiful trophy awarded by the intramural department to the winner. By virtue of some spectacular putting which featured many oneputt greens, Lawrie had Skinner in five to four coming up on the 12th green and automatically became the winner without playing out the last few holes.
Orchesis Girls To Give Dance Program May 26
Orchesis, co-ed dance honorary, held practices yesterday afternoon in preparation for its program to be presented Wednesday night in the Women’s Gym at 8 o’clock. The 16 girls in the club are working on numbers to show technique and effect. About 50 freshmen and sophomore women who have had one semester in natural dancing will give other dances on technique. The program will be open to the public.
15 Senior Co-eds Go To Indianapolis
Fifteen senior women specializing in dietetics in the home economics school and Dr. Cecelia Schuck, foods and nutrition instructor, went to Indianapolis yesterday afternoon to attend the two-day annual session of the Indiana Dietetic Association. The group will visit hospitals in conjunction with the conference. Those attending the meeting are Mary Tyler, Zedia Jacobson, Luvenia Bramblett, Margaret Carter, Jeanne Hunter, Emma Bixler, Lois Hixon, Dortha Symons, Ruth Copeland, Marjorie Marquis, Margaret Watson, Jane Leonard, Bqtty Branigan, Kathleen Cox, and Wilella Lee. These co-eds all have positions as dietetic internes in various hospitals for next year.
TENNIS FRATERNITY ‘B’ DOUBLES
Sigma Pi vs. Winner (Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau). Triangle vs. Winner (Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Psi).
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—Just Kids’Program. 11:30—High School Guest—Rochester High School. 12:00—Market Reports, 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:80—Footnotes on the Headlines. 12:46—Tune Time—Charles Powell. . 1 ;00—Radio Stage. 1:30—St. Boniface School Band. 1:46—String Trio. 2:00—Campus Varieties.
—MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions—by Prof. Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, M.O. Pence and S. A. Anderson. 12 ;16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 ;80—Athletic Review—^Bob Heine. 12:46—Market and Weather Reports, 4 ;00—Baseball—Ohio Stata W. Purdue.
Fratemities Near End Of Class ‘A’
Tennis Tourney As tbe Greeks enter the finals of the interfraternity tennis matches, we find the Sigma Alpha Mu entrants awaiting an opponent in both the singles and doubles divisions of the class “A” tourney. In the singles matches, the winner of the Kappa Sig vs. Phi Delt scrap will play the D. U.’s to determine who shall meet the “Sammy” outfit in the finals. The Phi Kappa Tau team will engage the winners of the Phi PsiKappa Sig tilt, and the winner of that match will meet S. A. M. in the finals of the doubles matches. The class “B” doubles tournament is still in the throes of a wild scramble for the leading position. As the A. T. O.’s engage the Beta’s in the semi-final position of the lower bracket, the teams of the upper bracket remain tied up in their fight for top honors.
MihJHaa fallvw MB* A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Bl«ck eSan far BpackJ OiraHw l>c par paaaaacar aajr part af tlw aHp MM PHONSB Mn YELLOW CAB CO.
Darner’s Flower l^op QnaKty Flowcra Main at 7th Phone M59
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
lltj^ Vine Wcat Lnfnyettc Phena 4966
MONOAYxMAY 24 Diamond 8— Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Gmi-‘ ma Rho. Umpire—Chapman. 9— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. PM Kappa Tau. Umpire—BarUing 16—Phi Delta Theta vg. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Umpire—Gillis.
FRESHMAN TENNIS
MONDAY—4;15 Lentz vs. Cooper. Berg vs. Alexander.
To Purdue Students
There is a big saving in your supplies needed for next fall by buying now at last fall’s prices. Steadily advancing costs will make them approxi> mately one-fourth higher by September. Stock up on Form Papers, Ring Books, Sheets, Drawing Instruments and Drawing Supplies, Papers, Covers and Books.
Haywood’s
Retail Dept. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Indiana
WINTER CLOTHES
Put Away For Summer Storage in a
NEW STEEL STORAGE VAULT
A moth proof, dust proof, fire proof safe for furs and woolens.
—^For Free Estimates Dial—
4081
WEST SIDE CLEAINERS
Northwestern Ave. at Vine St., W. L.
C-HAMRION SHOE
"DID YOU SAT AIR COOIED' .Yee sir. ..d you get a change of air with every st^. Bir cool, comfortable^ healthy feet wear a ^VentiJatedf'^ oxford this sununw. AU Brown or All White
A. B. C. SHOE CO.
412 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
7
m
-'-i
a'A ■ AH
HiMttaeteititiiiUaiiiu
iHiaimiliiiliiUlliil
S ■’I *s,' A.A.A 'iJllV?i
•/_
P«U!f> Four
wm, il
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, routed and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—On campus, May 16, black, loose leaf note book. Call McKee 51153.
Summer Employment—Students interested in summer work meet in
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each
Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers.
J.SPERBHDW.
822 Main
ATTENTION FRATERNITIES AND
SORORITIES
How about that Bulletin
or Rush Letter?
Y our Banquet and Organization Menus?
Mahyi'ralernities are using paper napkins.
Phone 7828 for prices.
Lafayette Printins Co.
511 Ferry St.
robih C bf the Union Piriday, May 21, at 7 p. tn.
Name Cards—36 for 25c; pro grams, tickets, posters, letters, etc. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th Phone 5205.
Student—Desires place where he can work for board and room next fall. Contact R, Morehouse, 1025 W. 6th, West Lafayette.
Lost— K. & E. decitrig slide rule between Purdue Hall and S. P. E. house. Reward. Markham 3301.
Lost—Purdue varsity baseball uniform at Fourth and University May 20. Finder please call Baker at 5021. by 8 a. m. Friday. Reward.
The Bombay Bicycle Boys—Social fi-aternity, will hold their first annual brawl Saturday from 9 to ? ?, meeting all comers in the chapter rooms at 323 North Fifth street. Free food, free drinks, free-for-all, free cheers.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Five Stores
The five Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street 1616 Main Street
F RIEDMAN*C FINE FOODS W
8th and Main Lafayette PHONES 3021 & 3022—WE DELIVER
m
W:} %
cP
For that big date, or for just a casual snack, you’ll find your evening mq]^e enjoyable when you’ve supped with us. Better foods—definitely. Better service—positively. BcPnomieal prices—absolutely. Make your next date right here-^you’ll like everything about this popular eating place.
WHEELER’S
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation postponed until May 25. —PITCH.
W. A. A. Archery—^Anyone intereisted in participating; in the Intercollegiate Archery Tournament must see Miss Russell immediately. No practices required. —WARD.
Scabbard And Blade— Farewell picnic for senior members 6 p. m. May 22. Meet at the Armory. Transportation will be furnished. —BAKER.
Sigrma Pi Sigrma Associates—Picnic will be held May 22 at Ross Camp. Anyone wishing to attend see Dr. Miller concerning transportation. There will be a charge of 25 cents for supper. ■ —BLALOCK.
aagpaHiiB
*opiilar
Oaod Ladking
Crown Cleaning Service is a mighty imi^orfant factor when it conies to keeping your garments clean and well pressed. Learn to depend on Crown Cleaning Service for good looking clothes.
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested in hiking to Happy Hollow meet at the Worn' en’s Gymnasium May 22 at 2 p. m. —CAMPBELL. Phi Lambda Upsilon New Members— Membership certificates maye be obtained In room 410 of Chemistry Building. —SANDERS
Men’s Archery—Ward and varsity touma ments begin May 23 at 4 p. m. on the range at the south end of the intramural field. —KINZER.
Merchants Bowling—Finals of Purdue Merchants Bowlittg League at Lafayette Bowling Alleys Sunday at 7 p. m. All bowlers expecting prizes must be present. —LOWE.
W. A. A. Golf—Will the following girls please have their matches played by May 24: Crepps vs. Guthier, Little vs. Hall, Lyman vs. Humphreys, Hiner vs. Randall. —WILEY.
Baptist Students—Banquet at the church 6:30 p. m. May 22. Call Roy Kelly at 45891 for tickets. —SCHATZLEY.
Baptist StudentsH—Picnic at Vawter’s. Cars will leave at 1:30 p. m. May 22. Swimming, athletic' contests and good eats. —SCHATZLEY.
Co-op Houses—^There will be a meeting of all girls interested in forming co-op houses at 7 :30 p. m. May 24 at the Wesley Foundation House. —YODER. 1
R S O F F I N E etc T H E S
tinued next week.
—VAN NATTA.
P. E. W. Dancers—^All those participating in the coming dance program meet , in the Women’s Gymnasium May 24 at 4 p. m. —ELLIS.
Wesley Foundation—Trip to Turkey Run. Leave at 12:30 May 22 rain or shine. —McFADDEN.
■W. A. A. Baseball—'The following freshman girls will play the seniors 4 p. m. May 24: H. Billings, A. Bratich, M. Clymer, E. Dunwoody, M. Holtman, E. Martin, K. Mounce, L. Newman, M. Schroder, H. Steffee, G. Walker. —TOWNSEND.
Glider Club—The ship is finished. All those who can be in the Mechanical Lab. at 8 a. m. May 22 to take the glider to the airport. Please be there. The tow car is all assembled and almost ready to run. There will be a short work session at 1
Christian Foundation Students—Meet at the church for ah afternoon and evening outing on the Tippecanoe River with the G. E. and Circle, 2 p. m.. May 23. —NORRIS.
Debris—Last Chance—^All students must get their Debris this morning. Office open 8 to 12 a. m. Distribution will be discon-
C. CARTER for Mowei* Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers.
Bikes and Roller Skates fpr Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts.. W. L.
Plumbing;, Heating, Water Softeners and: Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Busiiless
DUNCAN & LARSON, me. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery
F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. Sth St.
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
(Al Main St., Lafayette
Send us your light summer clothes and have them ready for the warm weather.
Whether to be laundered or dry-cleaned, we are prepared to do them the way you like them.
We handle them expertly and promptly. Phone 3085 for pick up and delivery.
p. m. in the tow car garage. " —WILTSHIRE.
Boxing Team—See me at the Armory for your pictures. —MAXWELL.
Pistol Team—Banquet at 6 p, m.. May 24 in peasant room of the Union Building. Assessment per man, 70 cente.
—COX.
/
Scriveners And Pledgee—Meet in the.lobby of the Union Building May 23 at 5 :15 p_. m. for initiation Ceremonies. Bring initiation manuscripts and fee. —RADKEY.
Senate Nominations — Secure petition forms for Senate nominations upon the
payment of $1 fee at Senate office during the following hours: May 24, 25,, 26, 3-6 p. m., May 27, all afternoon. Petitions must be returned by May 27., -ELLIOTT.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo 105 Vine St West Lafayett*
Jh Hands to teason dual
IP FRESHII
REFRIGERATOR
• Live Airisfre3h--cieaO—vitalized^ ihovement and moisture-^ the kind of air you like to breathe, why tvooAin’t it be better in refrigeration?' It prolongs the freshness of foods-r keeps their delicious juic^ and fla* vors longer. Cold alone is enough keep foods safe. But Live Air—cdiiL moist and purified—-keeps them^ood to eat.
Active eirculation under pure ice (and all around it when needed^ makes live Air Food«keepuik
type of mrenlajdon. Air jiut can’t nate in any part of the refingeratoKi
This finer foo^xote^ion costs no more. The McKee, wnh DuodOraik costs U to % less/ Why he witb* ont it?
Lafayette Ice & Coal Co.
Fourth and Salem Sts.
Phone 5028
Lightweights for Summer Comfort
You can laugh at summer in a white suit that takes the swelter out of summer. They will give lots of wear and hold their shape after scori^s of tubbings. The right suit to get you through the summer in smart comfort.
$lt95
^r»ble, light-weigjht regulation “T’: 48c
Each
And more white shoes. You’ll find them here in all the smart new footwear styles, ready for you to step into —and then step OUT to enjoy balmy summer days of activity.
Smart colored Polo Shirts for the weather 48c and 98 c
Bright colored Suspenders. Just the
kirtd you have
been looking for
RELIABLE
$1.98 and $2.48
Cool, comfortable Slacks,
want at least
You will
two pair. ..r-
.48 UP
224 MAIN ST:, LAFAYETTE