L
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Unsettled with rain probable. Tomorrow, fair, rising temperature.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY Febniory IS, IS39 lafoyette, bufiema Vol. 50 No. 117
Z-18S
4
ioilermakers ^eet Badgers Tonight At Madison
Enters, Dance Mime Will Present Skits At Convo Next Week One of the most outstanding and interesting personalities of the stage, Angna Enters, dance mime, will present her unique “Episodes and Compositions in Dance Form” at the regular convocation program Wednesday and Thursday, February 22 and 23. For Wednesday’s convo in the Memorial Gymnasium, the seniors, freshmen, and staff members’ passports will be good. Single admission tickets may be purchased for one dollar at the door each evening, and agriculture short course students will be admitted for 60 cents upon presentation of their identification cards. Interprets Emotions Miss Enters repertoire includes the use of the dance to portray and interpret the emotions of tragedy, comedy, and satire. She has based most of her “Episodes” upon the extensive research work in the cultural arts of ancient civilizations. Her program runs the gamut of life, from broad humor to remorseless tragedy. In the “Episodes” she appears in four different characterizations. Guggenheim Award The only dancer ever to receive the Guggenheim Fellowship award. Miss Enters has spent a year in Greece studying the primitive Greek theatre and mime. She also spent some time in Egypt and the Near East doing research on ancient oriental art. Miss Enters has given performances in many European countries. Of her, the London Daily Chronicle wrote, “A new kind of stage art.” The Paris newspaper “Le Temps” said, “The creator of an entirely new and definitely arresting form in the art of dancing.” Miss Enters is also an accomplished painter and has reproduced the essential feeling of many of her dances on canvas. Her work both in the field of painting and in the dance has been given highest praise by almost every important art critic in the country. William J. Davis... . . . who attended the University school of agriculture in 1905-06, was recently appointed secretary of the Chamber of Commerce at Pensacola, Fla., according to information received here.
Indiana Uniyersity's Traditional Chimes Are Hete No More Yesterday, the Indiana victory chimes passed from the hands of the Boilermakers — exactly three months after their arrival on the campus. It was on the evening of November 17 that the renowned grbups of loyal Boilermakers set forth for Bloomington to avenge the outrages perpetrated by lU students in Lafayette the previous evening. While the Bloomington police and students were busily rounding up and incarcerating the invaders, one party of six Purdue students made their way to the very heart of the Indiana campus and purloined the newly created chimes on the pretext of guarding them from the very fate to which they finally submitted. Nobody Loves Them With the fall of the Cream and Crimson before the crushing power of the Boilermaker gridmen in the annual classic, the chimes remained silent, and Hoosier fans lacked sufficient interest to take the bells on home with them. Of late, along with deep earthy cavities and power shovels, the said chimes have been cluttering up th^ lawn of the Union. Yesterday, when students interested in clearing up the Union corner came upon an unexpected opportunity, the once famous chimes which every loyal Hoosier fan would have at one time protected with his life, passed from the hands of Indiana’s arch-enemy, the Boilermakers, into the hands of a junk dealer. Yes, they were sold to a passing trash collector, and the proceeds, a good American dollar, was spent on a coke treat for those engineering the deal—and all comers were supplied until the cokes were exhausted. Thus closed another chapter in the great Hoosier rivalry between Indiana and Purdue. WBAA Features New Greek Letter Parade “Greek Letter Parade,” first in a new series of programs sponsored by WBAA will go on the air today at 2:15 from the music room of the Memorial Union. This program will be on the air every Saturday at this time. Every week a different fraternity will sing its songs and tell of its history on the campus. Tomorrow’s program will feature the Kappa Sigs. Bill Adams and Don Faust will do the announcing.
Banff On...
Co-op Houses Flourish On University Campus
By RoUo Eleven co-op houses with a total total membership of almost 200 students are flourishing on this campus. Composed entirely of unorganized students, the co-op houses, with a minimum of cost, have one of the most effective and complete social programs of any group on the campus. ® Eight of the groups of S. C. A., student co-operative association, are made up of boys, and the other three by co-eds. Nine of the houses are rented, the other two are being bought by the students. Student cooperation is the foundation of the movement and of these houses. All work is done by the students, who also buy their own food and pay all expenses. House Mother, Chaperones Ed co-op houses must have house mothers, is a ruling by Dean Fisher. All of the co-ed houses have chaperones, Membership in the co-op houses is by written application; the boys vote on incoming members,
. . . for Jimmy Lunceford, today’s mixer-maestro and general man-about-jive, will play for a swing session in the ballroom from 7 to 8 p. m. knight. All who like to take their swing sitting down, and all who like swing in any form are invited by Union oflScials to hear Lunceford’s interpretations of the latest hits.
the girls are accepted by priority of application. Average cost of the room and board combined, according to Mrs. W. McFadden, advisor of two of the three co-ed co-ops, is between $21 and $22 per month. Outstanding feature of the S.C.A. system is their social program. Trade dinners are held every other Thursday during the school year. A board of social chairmen, one from each house, meet bi-monthly to plan thi^ program. Included also in the program are combined parties. The most recent of these was held last Friday night with an almost complete attendance. The party consisted of dancing and mixed sports in the Women’s Gym, followed by a swim. / / Directors Reveirend and Mrs| W. McFadden are very active in this cooperative group. Faculty directors include Deans Fisher and Stratton, R. (Continued on page 4)
Tan You Figure It Out? We Tan By J. L. T. Out of the night has come a new plague that puts our recent smallpox and influenza epidemics to shame. With the swiftness of a wild fire, it has engulfed the populace of our fair campus. It is merely the successor to the old reliable Knock, knock and How’s Business?, or one might even call it the “Who-can-think-up-the-lousi-est-pun game.” It’s called “What Color?” Example number one (indelicate). “What color’s a belch.” “Burple.” Get it? OK, how’s this? “What color’s g bride?” “Wed.” The game does have its points, however; we can even compose a few of these humorous (?) tidbits about Purdue. Hang on. Here we go. “What color’s the botany lions ? “Peach(less).” Gott in Himmel! “What color’s a Purdue co-ed?” “Boo!” “What color’s Stubby Meiers?” “Yeller.” Here’s another one we pinked up. “What color are those thingrs around your neck?” “Beige” (couldn’t think of anything to go with arms). Anyone who has red this far is a hopeless maroon. We ought to know after pinking up these things for the last hour. ' f Jim Lunceford Will Play For Mixer Tonight Playing for tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 will be Jimmie Lunceford and his colored orchestra. Lunceford’s group has become well known for its mood, tempo, and rhythm. His band succeeded Cab Calloway at the Cotton Club in Harlem in 1934 and was heard twice weekly over the NBC network from there. Jimmie himself received bi& B. A. degree from Fiske University and has done post graduate work at the City College of New York. He was a four-letter man while attending Fiske. His first professional engagement was at the Andrew Jackson Hotel in Nashville where he played a piece in the wrong key. Lunceford likes Joseph Conrad’s books and Fred Waring’s and Casa Loma’s orchestras.
Rabbi Mann Will Speak At Convo In Fowler Hall Sunday “There is not the slightest doubt in my mind that Dr. Mann will bring us a message which will place him among the greatest lecturers we have had for religious convocations,” said Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the faculty religious convocation committee, when questioned about the monthly convocation for worship to be held tomorrow morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Hadley went on to say that so far these pi’ograms have met
Because of choir rehearsal in Fowler Hall tomorrow morning, the .doors will not be opened until 10 o’clock, according to Laurence Hadley, chairman of the religious convocation committee.
with a gratifying success—at every one the crowd has overflowed and people have had to stand in the aisles. He added that this is not surprising; so far the University has been fortunate in getting the most outstanding religious lecturers in the country. Dr. Louis Mann who will make his first appearance before a University audience tomorrow, is an author as well as lecturer. Most of his writings are for religious and literary journals, but his book, “In Quest of the Bluebird,” is philosophic in nature. During his 25 years as a irabbi. Dr. Mann has served only two congregations. The first was the Congregation Mishkan Israel, at New Haven, Conn.; the other the Chicago Sinai Congregation, where he is at present. Radio Stage To Enact Peace Play Today Radio Stage, air division of Purdue Playshop, will present “The Terrible Meek” today at 1 p. m. under the direction of Sam Marks. This play was presented frequently during the world war as a propaganda medium for peace, and in the light of recent world happenings is still a powerful dramatic weapon against the implications of an international war. Radio Stage plans to present several plays on this vital subject in the immediate future, feeling that through radio drama American citizens can best review the terrible consequences of a gigantic conflict.
Piggy To Start Tallest Riveters To Limit Badger Scoring Threats PROBABLE LINEUPS WISCONSIN POSITION PURDUE Dupee F Anderson Smith F Fisher Bell C Weber Weigandt G Yeager Gallagher G Beretta Referees—Ike Clamo (Bradley); Joe Reiff (Northwestern). Rebroadcast Time—7:30 p. m. After their fourth straight Big Ten victory, Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s Boilermakers will face Wisconsin tonight at Madison. The pair will clash for the second time this^ season, Purdue having taken the initial game on the home floor 39-31. Tall Lineup — Lambert depended on one of his Intan tallest teams in many years against 11*011 I iOUiy ^ DOEIUf Minnesota in the last conference -k T game for the Boilermakers. The vClIllpUS vOIRpOSGrS 10 Purdue front line of Anderson, ■ ■ Fisher, and Weber averaged over p0 ^j| ||0yir six feet, three inches and about 190 , ^ ^ Today’s campus varieties will be pounds, with plenty of speed to go • -..t- i. , ^ J ^ on the air with such personnel as with the bulk. At guards, Yeager ji^an Maury’s orchestra, Darlene and Beretta are both more than big Mahns, Pat Heine, and Ben Bums, enough to take care of themselves, as vocalists. Russ Mock will be at . on the piano. Bob Smith will sing to The victory over Minnesota, 30- , . .. ■ <. j ’ his own guitar accompaniment, and 20, proved the advantage of a tight ^ composed of a xylophone, pidefense when the opposition has the ano, and trumpet will furnish furspeed advantage. The Boilermakers ther musical entertainment. simply substituted a defense for an High spots on the program wiR „ .... . , be the presentation of three speoffense in that particular game. numbers: “Black Cat in a Coal Against Wisconsin in the first en- Bin,” written by campus pianist, counter, the Badgers outscored the j^^gg Mock, “From Dusk Until Gold and Black from the field, and Dawn,” written by Clinton Brown, Purdue had to depend on the gratis second trumpet with Irvan Maury’s tosses for victory. Thus, the air- band, and Mickey Rooney’s “Have a tight defense of the Gopher game Heart.” may be of use again tonight. Today’s broadcast will originate High Scoring Badgers at 3 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the The Wisconsin forward combina- ^ tion of Dupee and Smith have been Jhe Campus Varieties program the scoring factors of the Badger dedicated to Indiana offense this year, scoring 20 of the feature music by 27 points against Northwestern last ^ e ndiana composer, Hoagy CarMonday. At center. Bell is the log- “^chael, ^ be presented next Satical starting choice, but has been de- February 25, instead of topending on relief in most games. announced in yesterday’s England, the chief substitute for xponent. the pivot post is out with a badly ^ sprained ankle, so the relief bur- QimletS I O SpOflSOf den will fall to Timmerman, six ■ foot nine inch sophomore.x The pos- volition of guards will be handled hy f\C7C/rUaCfWaaC the veteran Weigandt and the ra- ^ re-broadcast of the Purduether inexperienced Gallagher. Wisconsin game wiU be presented An added feature of the encoun- in the Fieldhonse this evening. The ter will be the presentation of the broadcast, sponsored by the Gimlet Chicago Tribune trophy for the Club, will be taken from r^Mirts most valuable football player in the over a special leased wire. Big Ten to Howie Weiss, outstand- The semi-finals of the inter-fra-ing Wisconsin fullback of 1938. The ternity ping pong tournament will trophy will be presented by Wilfrid be played before the broadcast is Smith of the Tribune sports staff, to start and the finals will be run in the absence of Arch Ward, sports off between the halves of the broadeditor, who is now in Europe. cast.
Activities Open Doors To Freshmen
Playshop, WBAA, and Yell Leading activities ai-e open to students, particularly freshmen, and depend mainly upon personality of the individual. Being prominent activities and constantly before the public, all three attract many students every year. They offer association with people, a chance to develop personality, a familiarity with leadership, and easiness in being before an audience. Freshmen and other students interested in joining and trying out for these activities may find the names of the heads of these groups on the activity bureau’s activity chart, or may attend meetings specified in the Exponent. Experience gained through freshman work may make up for former experience deficiency. All three groups recognize, by some means, their leaders. A scholastic index of 3.6 or better is required of all activities by the University. PLAYSHOP . .. . . . does not discriminate between any classes. “If you have it on the ball we can use you,” is the Playshop password. This group is open
to all students, and the survival of the fittest rules the selection. Playshop itself is made up of two divisions: major plays and laboratory group. Each of these groups has two divisions, the technical staff and the^ players. The major plays give four productions a year and the cast is made up of the best students trying for the positions. Players may or may not have been in previous px’oductions, however, the technical staff is usually made up of students who have participated in two or three plays. The technical staff of major plays receive major credit for their work. Laboratory group is primarily designed for experimental purposes. New subject matter*, players, and staff members are used. They have in their production numerous small one act plays. Playshop has one more major play to produce this year. Anyone is eligible and a notice to that effect will appear in the Exponent at the proper time. RADIO STAGE—WBAA STAFF.. . . . requirements for entrance are merely an interest in radio drama-
tics. Previous experience in dramatics will be helpful, but is not necessary. Radio dramatics, plays, and skits are the main types of work. Time of work is any time of day that the plays are to be broadcast. Rewards for work on these staffs are consideration for Theta Alpha Phi, (dramatic honorary), through Playshop and radio hom*s, and keys. General purpose of the work is to further interest in radio dramatics, and plays. There is no organization constitution and your advancement depends upon ability and work. YELL LEADING . . . . . . eligibility includes tumbling ability, i*eady sipile, good stage presence, and a strong voice. Time requirement is 1 1-2 hours a day, five days a week, 15 weeks per year, and actual yell leading time during games of major sports. Those trying out meet in the Ross-Ade Stadium or in the Fieldhouse during the 16 weeks. Rewards for securing senior yell leading position is a membership in the P Club.3
I
^dibfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^iudjifuUL
Saturday* February 18* 1939
Subject Interest... ... is the first “attitude” we wish to consider in our Good Teaching- campaign. It is perhaps the foremost of all the attitudes and might well be called the key to both good teaching and good learning. Before discussing this, however, we would like to clear up several points which have been brought to our attention by students and faculty members since we printed the first editorial in this campaign. First, we do not believe that all Purdue teachers are inferior, although we may have unwittingly created that impression In fact, we believe that this University ranks fairly high in teaching ability, and has on its staff men who are doing exceptionally good jobs Instructional methods here, however, as well as in many other schools, have grown somewhat impersonal... graduates have begun to follow a stereotyped patterns. We think that there is room for improvement; that is why we have begun this campaign. Members of the faculty have pointed^ out to us that last year’s Good Teacher articles were probably about as effective a measure as has ever been employed to promote the quality and competitive spirit of teaching. We intend to continue with a similar series this year . .. supplementing the articles about individual teachers with these editorials and with stories of good work done by whole departments and schools. Students And Faculty... . , . alike contribute to the attitude toward subject interest. Occasionally a teacher will seem virtually inspired with his subject, and imbued with a burning desire to transmit that inspiration to his students. Unless that teacher is tongue-tied or totally disabled, he will put his subject matter across in an interesting manner. To be successful in instructing, a man must be able to combat his students’ apathy and general drowsiness by arousing their interest and keeping it alive. In a list of distinguishing qualities distributed by request of the Executive Committee in 1936 and gathered from questionnaires sent to 1934 and 1935 graduates the following appear as descriptive of a good teacher: “He can elevate his subject to a crusader’s mission.” “He could make the classroom on a hot summer day seem pleasant in spite of a dry subject.” I “He made the subject practical and yet as interesting as fiction.” The student’s part in this interest proposition is just as important. Just as the instructor can arouse interest in his pupil, so can a classroom full of eager and alert young men and women inspire a teacher. Students, however, are not used to being vitally interested in their work. Many subjects they take because they are required courses. Many classes they have found frankly drab and boring. Having fallen into the common attitude of the student body, the individual will usually accept as inevitable the fact that he is to be another stereotyped Purdue graduate. He knov7S that his classmates will label him a “suck” if he exhibits undue enthusiasm for a course. Consequently he assumes a stolid and unbending attitude, and resolves to get throughu his work with the least possible effort. If the attitudes of students could be changed so that most eds and co-eds would cultivate friendship with their teachers, and if teachers would put rdal effort into the task of making their courses lively and interestcommanding . . . the result of both attitude changes should produce a definite set-back to the mass production ogre. Most of the effort in creating enthusiasm for required courses will have to come from the instructors. Modernization, even the new fad called streamlining, might help do the trick. If students are allowed to have a say in the methods of classroom procedure, they should be able to find the remedy needed to pep up their subjects. The tricks of the successful “good teachers” could be used to good advantage. Eye-open-ing tales from industry, clever chalk-talks.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for m section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 FUblished daily except Mdrida^ during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H.I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S, Hardin City Editor D A Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, R E Insley, W A Kroeplin, D G Terno, J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assis|:ant Business Manager* Local Advertising Managei Circulation Manager Sales Manager National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager Art Director
M. C. Reeves E M Antonini W F Berg V Daugherty H W Nevin W B Smith D J. Henninger
Editor
Associate Editors
Editor
Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson,
Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF R. L McDonald J A Hebbeler,
R Jenkins, R J Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6033
SPORTS OFFICE Puidue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representative 420 Madison AVE New York N Y CHICAGO Boston Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor in-chief
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Ganzar Saturday, February 18, 1939
classroom forums, demonstration experijjients—these and many other ideas can be used to break the monotony of lectures. Daily short quizzes, blackboard work, lectures by others than the teacher, are also effective teaching measures. One Big Reason... . . . that some students find their school work dull, we believe, is that they are not taking the right courses. Many eds and co-eds never get into the right option in their school or never take the electives that would do them the most good. This is true largely because students have very little way^ of knowing what any particular course is going to be like. Like convicts in a chain gang, Purdue courses are known by their numbers and by their three or four word titles. The most comprehensive information available to the student is the description of courses in the University catalog. These descriptions never occupy more than a few printed lines, never really do justice to their subject matter. We suggest that lengthier and more accurate course outlines and analyses be prepared, at least for elective courses. These more complete descriptions could be filed or posted on bulletin boards in the respective schools where they would be available for reference by any student. Students then would be able to pick their courses more scientifically — and perhaps would be encouraged to deviate from the popular practice of picking subjects which promise “a snap three hours of B.” Creating Interest... ... IS a matter of publicity, promotion, and prods. Publicity and promotion arouse it, but the prods must be present to give periodical impetus to both faculty and students. Even with a fine new set of ambitions and ideas to begin with, it is horribly easy for an instructor to slip back into the old accustomed routine. The best remedy for this is an occasional boost by the students. We would Ijke to see Purdue students who would not tolerate dry, dull classes, but would demand that the instructor did something about it. If both the students and the teachers were taught to expect "this situtaion, we firmly believe they would grow to appreciate it. One thing we are sure of—Purdue students do not sleep in class for fun; they do it because they simply are being bored.
Gold Peppers Vote To Return lU Tickets At a meeting of Gold Peppers yesterday the membeis voted to turn in their basketball tickets for the accommodation of the visiting legislators at the lU-Purdue game Activity blanks were distnbuted to the members an order to rate the various oflaces m campus organizations as part of a suivey to establish a merit system Georgianna Pittman was appointed chairman of the dance committee for the annual Gold Peppei's Ball to be held March 31 m the Union ballroom. Other members of the committee are Mary Townsend, Phyllis Crossman, and Betty Elstun
Former Students Married February 11 At Winnetka; Will Reside In Chicago At an afternoon service attended only by close relatives and a few friends, Maiilou Van Bergen, ’41, and Giant Van Buskirk, ME ’38, weie mail led on February 11 in the Winnetka Congregational Church. Betty Ann Van Bergen, a freshman, was maid-of-honor for her sister. Van Buskiik is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon, and the bride is a membei of Kappa Kappa Gamma. The couple will make their home m Chicago, wheie he is employed by the Containei Corporation.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
Bold drlhcl/ Blaek POOH, INDIANA Of all the dispirited goons ... the prize goes to I. U. They had their chance for the Victory Chimes . . . now they are in the hands of W. L. junk dealer .. . for the whole sum of $1.00’! Incidently, the dollar was divided up to buy cokes for worthy sophomores workers ... some school spirit! FISH OF THE WEEK The prize goes to a man (? ?) who thinks he is going steady with Alphzeeducer MARGE DOLE. And MEEK IS his name, quite appropriate . . . has been waiting patiently on said girl—only—funny thing, chum, but the gal has been engaged for two years ... to another man! IT’S A LIE! Ovei heard in the sweet shop . “I don’t like blondes” . . . “Why’” They wear too much eyebrow pencil'” “Well, they gotta draw the line somewhere ”... Then another chum came through with “I don’t like blondes either they get dirty too quick!” WATCH IT Bill Smith—Phi Gam boy—has a little something in store for him the night of the Illini game . . . But that’s not all ... You wouldn’t be going there to FISH, would you BILL?? To Mr R C. . . . thanks for the contribs . keep it up . . contribs are what we need to keep the column going'. This goes for everyone else, too ’ WARNING! Girls, ask BOB MARSHAL about his ideas of love before falling too hard for the boy . . . you’re a cute soak and all that, chum, but you just wasn’t brung up with the right idea(l)s! ^ ORCHIDS Here’s to you STERLING MEYER . . so at last OSTRANDER came through with a Pan Hellenic bid . . You’re a better man than we gave you credit for ... Now will you stop looking like a stone face’
LAST MINUTE ADVICE! Remember, always straighten your tie before telling a friend that you’ve been studying at the Lib!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“The first dress I try on you like and want me to buy—^Well! You certainly don’t know much about shopping, Wilbur!”
LAST DAY-
POWER HENRY FONDA NANCY KELLY RANDOLPH scon a cast of thousands
STARTS TOMORROW
STEP THIS f Wjl¥F®i THE * BE® SHOW!
! Melody and mirth f Stars and hula honeys I Romance and spectacle!
mm&sM \rune ELEANOR ROBERT PMEU YOUNG GEORGE GRACIE BURNS ALLEN
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
LU^ — LAST DAY— DONALD O'CONNER — in — "TOM SAWYER, DETECTIVE" — and — 3 MESQUITEERS — in — "PURPLE VIGILANTES"'
SUNDAY-MONDAY SHIRLEY TEMPLE — in — "JUST AROUND THE CORNER"
Attending the wedding from Purdue were Betty Jane Darr and Caroline Sha'w.
- Prof. Paul H. Douglas, University of Chicago, is a candidate for alderman fiom Chicago’s fifth ward.
TODAY only
2:00 P. M .TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40c BALCONY _ 30c CHILDREN, ALL DAY 15c — Stage Shows at — 1:20- 3:30- 5:40 7:50-10:00 LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 10;06
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
fhoy^re Boek Together Again ... The World’s gay dancing sweethearts in the greatest of oil their shows
RALPH BELLAMY; lUELLA GEAR JACK CARSON CLARENCE KOLB FRANKLIN PANGBORN
—■TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE CHANGE OF HEART — PLUS — MARINES ARE HEREr ' ‘
m Sdtiiirddy, F<^ttlc^ Idi 1939
I':': ^ 'k
Despite tKe handicap of Captain Walter Lahey’s injured knee >yhich will hinder his performance, a strong Boilermaker aquatic sijuad will meet the swimming team of Chicago University this afternoon in the Fieldhouse pool. Chicago is a contender fof the Big Ten crown and will be at their best today in the attempt to continue at the top. "
Piirdue’s squad will depend on Lahey, Graham, Wildhack and Tredwell for their points in the meet. Graham garnered two victories in
ARC
LAST DAY-
r— and •—
GENE AUTRY KOLf
SUNDAY-MONDAY ALEXANDER'S RAGTIME BAND HOOSIER SCHOOLBOY SHORT SUBJECTS
Your Appearance
The well-groomed man must be smoothly shaven and must keep his hair trimmed. Forgetfulness is not a good excuse for looking shaggy. Come in and let our barbers aid your appearance. WEEKDAYSv SATURDAYS 8:00 A. M.-6:00 P. M. 8:00 A. M.-0:OO P. M. Barber Shop
JJUL fijUJvdWL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Fencers Lose To
UXJL
At Illinois Relays
the Indiana meet last week and is expected to repeat- Wildhack won his diving contest and both Lahey and Tredwell scored for the Riveters. Boilermaker frosh swimmers competed telegraphically with Ohio jState’s yearling squad) yesterday in the Fieldhouse pool. The events were run off as a regular meet with the varsity men helping the freshmen race with time. The 400 yard relay squad compiled a time of 3:66.2 as Kratzer, frosh fourth man beat the varsity swimmer to the tape. “Times will be compared as soon as possible and the results will be announced shortly,” stated Coach Eastwpod. The probable entries for the Chicago match are: 300 Yard Medley Relay—Haver, Moller or McCammon, and Harris. 220 Yard Free Style—Graham and Siler. 60 Yard Free Style—Tuxworth and Armstrong. 100 Yard Free Style—Lahey and Armstrong. Fancy Diving—Wildhack and Craig. 160 Yard Back Stroke—^Tredwell and Haver. 200 Yard Breast Stroke^Carr, Graham or McCammon. 440 Yard Free Style—Siler and Graham. Free Style Relay—Armstrong, Tuxworth, Siler, and Lahey.
Ohio State University students have been fined $4,700 for traffic violations in four years by the student court.
By Bruce Witwer “Punchy” Maxwell is bemoaning the fact that most of his best boxers who are now fighting their way up* through the Golden Glove competition are in the same weight class ... there are four men left in each of the weight classes as we come up to the semi-finals and finals .that will be run off Wednesday and three of these four in the 160 pound division hail from Purdue. —^fc— Bacharach, Dilts, and Benna are uhe three who give Punchy the asvsurance that the University will lay claim to at least one Golden Gloves championship this year ... at the . beginning of the season Benna came around and told Maxwell that he’d let the 160 pounders fight it out between themselves as he vyas going to work himself into the 147 pound class by getting in shape. —fc— After working out for a week or so it turned up that he was gaining weight instead of losing... he went up about nine pounds so now he’s fighting it out with the 160’s ... there you are, if you want to gain weight, come out for boxing . . . of course you may -end up punch drunk, but practically everybody is in that state around here anyway so you’d be right in the vogue. —^fc— Punchy has really worked the boxing team up from nothing ... starting in four years ago he had one champion • . . the next year it was three, and last year four . . . this year he entered 12 fighters and is now sending nine into this semifinal round ... it makes one proud to be from Purdue to see Boilermakers predominating the fight list like that. —f c— Boxing is slated to become a minor sport sometime in the future
Purdue Home Games Yet To Be Played
MICHIGAN Saturday, February 25 INDIilNA Monday, February 27 CfflCAGO Monday, March 6
PIGGLY WIGGLY
3
III., Officers Boilermakers Drop Return Match
As Horrigan Leads Illinois Team's Attack Led by Horrigan in the foils and epee, the Rantoul Field officers defeated the Purdue fencing team IQi/^ to 6i/^ last night in the Fieldhouse before a crowd of over 50 persons. ; ^ ■ ■ In a previous match at the Illi-
Northwestern Plays Indiana Tonight In Top Big Ten Game
Stephen Luther, veteran quartermiler, will be among the Boilermakers present at the Illinois Relays today. He will take part in the special 300-yard race and probably the medley relay. y 1. E. Hoffman To Speak At Canadian Ag Conference Prof. L. E. Hoffman has just accepted an invitation to be principal speaker on two featured programs at the annual conference of the Associated Agricultural Societies of Ontario^ Canada. The rneeting will be held next week. Hoffman is associated county agricultural leader for Indiana. Before returning, he will visit Di*. G. I. Christie, former director of the agricultural experiment station and agricultural extension department, now president of Ontario Agriculture Conference. and we think it can’t bee too soon to give those men who come out and give their time to fighting some school recognition... they all would much rather enter collegiate competition than the Golden Gloves, which would be the case ... participating in the Golden Gloves boxing tourneys make a fighter ineligible for the collegiate sport.
While our Boilermakers are battling against Wisconsin tonight at Madison, there will be three other Big Ten games being played. Ohio State, and Indiana, will play hosts to Iowa, and Northwestern, respectively. Michigan will be in the Windy City trying to better its standing by defeating the University of Chicago. The Maroons have been the Underdog in basketball this season; having won only one Big Ten game. Ohio State is considered by many to be a major threat for the Big Ten title. They will be out to win tonight in an e'ffort to avenge their: defeat last week by Indiana. Down at Bloomington, Indiana will be striving to keep its leadership in the conference race by defeating Northwestern. Indiana still would have been unbeaten if Ohio State had hot nosed them out early in the season by a score of 46 to 38. Northwestern defeated Michigan last week 36 to 29. Riveter Squashmen Travel To I.A.C. For Pre-Tourney Match Purdue squash team will meet the' thdiahapolis Athletic Club at Indianapolis today in the final contest preceding the Western Collegiate squash tournament. The tournament will be held in the Fieldhouse March 4. Both the varsity and faculty players will be pointing for their third win over the I. A. C. in as many meets. The Boilermakers defeated the Indianapolis club in both of their previous meets. Those who will compete for Purdue are Blitz, Eberhard, Jackson, Juve, Messmore, Sokolowski, Morley, Patrick, and Pant. Members of the faculty who will contend are LaBree, Fehring, Burnham, Karr, and coach Clevett.
Cornell University students have formed a tiddley-winks team.
nois field, the Boilermakers werd defeated 9 to 8 in a very close contest and had hopes of reversing the procedure. However, the meet got off to a bad start for Purdue in the foils division, when Rantoul took
four of the seven matches.
Lose Sabre, Epee
The sabre in turn was lost by Purdue one match to three and the epee was dropped one and one-half to two and one-half. Woolen won both of his sabre matches for the Rantoul men, while Evans took one match and tied for another in the
epee.
Leading scorers for Purdue were Hoffman and Meierson in the foils with two wins and a defeat and Bob Meier in the epee in which he won two and tied one. Other Boilermaker records were: Marden lost three foils; Schmidt lost two sabre; Mort Meier lost two in the epee. Fraternities To Clash In Indoor Track Meet M. L. deyett of the intramural department announced yesterday that there will be an interfraternity indoor track meet on February 22 and 23. In every event, each fraternity is allowed to enter two men, and the scoring will be 5, 3, 2, 1 for the first four places. To every fraternity competing there will be awarded 60 participation points, if the fraternity has entered at least four men. To the winning team will go a house trophy and 10 extra points while the team placing second will be awarded 5 points. Any fraternity man is eligible to compete providing he has not been awarded a letter in track. The events to be run off on the first day are the 60 yard dash, 60 yard high hui’dles, broad jump, shot put, 880 yard run, and the two mile run. On the second day, the rest of the events Will be run which consist of the 60 yard low hurdles, high jump, 440 yai’d run, mile run, and a four man relay with each man running one lap. Silver Mask Elects Officers At a meeting of the Silver Mask, honh^fy fendh^ fraternity^ following officfets were eldjted: Bob Meier, president; Myron Stepath, vich-prhsident; and Alvin Maieraon, secretary.
GLASSWARE COOKING EQUIPMENT — SILVERWARE DINING ROOM FURNITURE — DISHES — UTENSILS Buy It At GILLESPIE'S 221 COLUMBIA ST. PHONE 6405
dfis/LihsLCDjcmxJL-^ Enjoy one of our delightful late evening combinations (not on the regular menu). ir ■ A /WRDUE MIXER’’ consisting of a Toasted Chicken Sandyich, Stuffed Bartlett Pear Salad and Coffee may be had for only25c.
Enjoy our 24 hour service after dances
Wheeler's
/
Phone 6810
420 Main5 i
3b}caL (Ma.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
n^nticoA ■
Saturday/ February 18/1939
Paula Stone And Her Miami Show Coming To Mars Paula Stone, famous dancing daughter of Fred Stone, and Duke Dingley and his orchestra, will be staiTed in their new show, “Nights Over Miami,” which comes to the Mars theater next Saturday for a special one-day engagement. Miss Stone, one of the “Stepping Stones,” a name that is intimately associated with the American theater, has appeared in several pictures in the last few years, her latest cinema role being one of Clark Gable’s dancing sweethearts in the show “Idiot’s Delight,” which appeared locally a short time ago. Miss Stone’s stage tour is a continuance of a night club engagement she accepted while vacationing with her parents in Florida. Duke Dingley and his orchestra have come to the top in fast time and were well liked by Miami vacationists while appearing at the Town Casino with Miss Stone. Their novelty numbers and comedy ideas of swing were acclaimed during the broadcast in Miami Beach for the “Cavalcade of Stars.” Supporting variety acts include the Rouse Brothers, Tennessee hillbillies; Naomi Ray and Eddie Harrison, a pain in the ballet; Nick and Vicki Collins ,youthful dance stai’s; and Ketner and Small, smalltime serenaders. The screen attraction for Saturday is the timely drama, “Smashing the Spy Ring,” featuring Ralph Bellamy and Fay Wray. Ensemble To Give Concert Tomorrow Playing chamber music of the romantic period. Miss Ruth Jamison and Mrs. C. Haven Smalley, piano; Miss Thelma Thrasher, violin; Marshall Howenstein, cello; Robert Phillips, double bass; and Dr. K, Lark-Horovitz, viola, will present a concert in the Union music room at 4 p. m. tomorrow. They will play Mendelssohn’s piano quartet in four movements dedicated to Goethe, and Schubert’s famous Trout quintet. Between the fourth and fifth movements of the Trout quintet Mrs. H. M. James will sing ‘The Trout,” accompanied by Mrs. Smalley at the piano. The audience should arrive early as the doors will be closed at 4 p.m., according to the committee in charge. Activity Aspirants Take Notice-Meet A mass meeting open to all underclassmen desiring to enter activities will be held Monday at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Representatives of campus activities will be present to briefly outline the entrance requirements, duties connected with underclass positions, and the purposes of the activities. With over a hundred major and minor activities on the campus, every student should be able to find some position suited to his tastes and talents. All underclassmen interested in participation in an ex-tra-curricular activity should be present at the meeting according to Leon Jacobson, head of the Activities Bureau.
WBAA
“THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—^Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Charles Powell, tune time. 12:16—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—^Badio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:16—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 2:30—Robert Pettiner, accordionist. 2:46—^Paul Funk ,pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Reporter Gets A Glimpse Of Back Stage Routines During 'This Thing Called Love'
By Jim McKee Not until 8:00 did the curtain go up last qight for the first act of “This Thing Called Love,” but you can bet a ticket for tonight the 10 actors and the stage crew of 20 were at work long before you^put your hat and coat on to attend the show. One hour and 16 minutes before curtain time the cast assembled downstairs to begin the long task of making-up. Seated at brightly lighted tables each actor or actress applied' his or her own make-up. That is with the exception of Pat Potter. She is ably assisted by Bob Schlendorf. On stage Harry Brenman was putting in the last tacks for the stage carpet. John Dietrich, stage director, checked the lighting. Idle Chatter At the make-up tables it was idle chatter for three quarters of an hour. Schwomeyer asks about his lines. Lew Morrison suggests a few more on the neck. Mary Alice Miller is pleased with her blue lipstick. Dick Fink bums two cigarettes for his case.
The dressing rooms are filled with props and costumes. “Curtain goes up in 10 minutes,” comes the warning from Janet Greger. The girls fix the fellow’s collar buttons. Seymour Udell is pinned in his vest. Music . . . it’s 8:00. House dark . . . it’s curtain time. The actors take their places. Ruth Bennett talks a while with Dick Fink. Back stage is quiet. ' Chalk Them Up While the actors are out front doing their stuff Fink bounces a ipencil against the Wall between marks. The marks are to keep tab on the laughs. This idea started last year with “I’ll Marry The Actress.” The first act drew 67 good laughs and the second 63. The cue calls for the radio on stage. A flip of the finger and John Dietrich turns it on. Lights out and curtain falls. Kenn Carmichael, director, comes back stage to comment on the first act. Costumes are changed. “Places.” And they go back for the second act.
Sociologist
Dr. Josef Dunner
German Sociologist Will Speak Tomorrow Dr. Josef Dunner, well known German sociqlogist and correspondent of European newspapers, will speak at Temple Israel, Seventh and Alabama Street, at 7:30 tomorrow evening. Dr. Dunner was invited to this country by the Brokoinfis Institute in Washington as an expert on European labor problems, was one of the first to warn through his books of the threatening growth of Nazi influence. He has written a novel in English entitled “If I Forget Thee,” which was published last year. Since the beginning of 1938. Intramural Schedule
Monday Court 1—C. W. Mann. ■.00—-Ward lOX vs. Ward 11. (PR). :15—Ward 4X vs. Ward 16. (PR). •.25—Waid 2X vs. Ward 6X. (PR). :40—Ward 12 vs. Ward 2B. (PR). Court 2—J. G. Straley. :00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 5. :16—Ward 10 vs. Ward 32. ;26—C. H. 1 vs. C. H. 10. ;40—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Gamma Delta. (B). Court 3—L. J. Diehl. :00—Ward 14 vs. Ward 7. :15—C. H. 7 vs. C. H 9. :26—Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Gamma Rho. (B). :46—Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. (B).
tomorrow L^kur'ckes
PRESBYTERIAN AND CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Col - umbia Streets, Lafayette. 9:30—Discussion Group led by Dr. Graves. 10:40—^Morning Worship, sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street. 6:00—Meeting of the newly organized student church. 6:00—Student Forum. Frank Ogle, University student, will tell of his experiences in Europe during the past summer vacation.
Sorority Colors Will Predominate At Women's Ball The Greek letters and colors of all the sororities on campus, will be the theme of the Women’s PanHellenic Ball to be held Friday evening, February 24, inthe Union ballroom with Art Kassel's orchestra. A color scheme of aqua and black will constitute the back drop. Members of the Pan-Hellenic Council and their dates will dine formally in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union preceding the dance. Grace Reinhart is chairman of the dance, and Charlotte Lochner has charge of the dinner. Girls whose sororities do not have active chapters on the campus must obtain their tickets from Virginia Steele at the Alpha Xi Delta house before Thux’sday, February 24. The tickets are two dollars each. Co-ops Flourish(Continued from page 1)
B. Stewart, and individual house advisors. Each is a director of several houses and are general advisors for the entire group, “All activities taken on by the members are accepted wholeheartedly and enthusiastically,” stated Mrs. McFadden last night. This S. C. A. movement is separate from the PIA and most of the house members are not PIA members. A board of directors, composed of the president, and one other member from each house, meet twice a month to discuss and pass on business information. Co-operative houses are filling a very pressing need on this campus, doing a much better job than a good many other groups of this size, and are expanding to fill an increasing need.
WESLEY FOUNDATION 9:30—Co-eds “Isaiah.” Men’s Class taught by Dean M. L, Fisher. 10:40—Sermon by Dr. Steele on “Brotherhood.” 5:00—Fellowship Supper in charge of Doris Bunnell, “ 6:30—Epworth League—“The Art of Living”—Dr. Hadley.
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL 8:00—Holy Communion. Student breakfast following service, in Parish House. 10:45—Morning Prayer and sermon. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship.
ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB W. Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30—Sunday morning class taught by Prof. T. K. Noss. 10:35—Sunday morning worship; sermon, “We Have the I,iift,” Rev. Joseph B. Gleason, 5:30—Roger Williams Club Social Hour. 6:00—Lunch, 10 cents. 6:30—Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour: “The Tests of a Successful Marriage,” Rev. Joseph B. Gleason.
MISCELLANEOUS
SINGLE ROOM with private lavatory, $12.60. No other roomers. 702 Dodge St.
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
To graduate from Hiram College, a student must take two years of athletics and pass skill test in many of the sports.
Playshop Stage Crew: Please^be at Fowler Hall at 10 o'clock Saturday evening, February 18. —BRENMAN.
Western Reserve University has started a drive for a fund to honor the memory of Newton D. Baker, World War secretary of war.
Beginning Swimmers Class: Beginning swimmers may receive instructions from Miss Bussell at 4 o’clock on Wednesday and Fridays. (2-18) —RUSSELL. WAA Mixed Recreation: A mixed recreation program will be held in the women’s gym on Saturday afternoon, February 18, from 2-4 p. m. An open swim will be held at 3 o’clock. Any one may attend. -CASE.
Freshman Engineers: Those taking GE 2, Engineering Lectures, report as follows Saturday, February 18, at 8 a. m.: A-E, lecture room, Michael Golden Shops; F-K, room 264, EE Building; L-R, room 129, EE Building; S-Z, lecture room. Civil Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
Episcopal Students: Corporate Communion Sunday, February 19, at 8 a. m. in the Parish Hall, followed by breakfast. —THORNTON.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday evening, February 19, at 7:46 at Professor Sutcliffe’s, 326 Chauncey Ave. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Scrivener: All Scrivener members who can type report to the Scrivener office Saturday, February 18, at 2 p. m. —CLEVELAND.
History, Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of CQnditions in History, Economics, and Government will be held Saturday, March 11, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register mith the department office before March 9. (2-19) —ESTEY. Frosh Football Candidates: Report in room 106 of the Fieldhouse Monday, February 20, at 4:30 o’clock. Practice will start ’I^esday. Check out your equipment between now and Tuesday during the hours 9-12 a. m. and 1:30-3 p. m. —ELWARD.
Tau Kappa Alpha—All members report to the tower room of the Union at 7:60 Monday, February 20, for Debris pictures. Formal dress is in order. —BUCKLES.
Gala Week Committee: Pictures will be taken in the Union tower room on Monday, February 20, at 7 p. m. —BAASB.
Yell Leaders: Meet in Ross-Aid Stadium or Field House 4-6 :30 each evening. Work fifteen weeks per year, five days a week. Eligibility—Adapt to tumbling, ready smile and good stage presence and strong voice. See Bud Fenstermaker. —JACOBSON.
Delta Rho Kappa: An important meeting of all members Tuesday, February 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union. —KUNGEL.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Important meeting Saturday, Feb. 18, 1939, at 2:00 o’clock. All sophomores able to attend please report to room B. —JACOBSON.
Catalyst Club: Attention all members! Important business meeting at 7:16 on Thursday evening, February 24. Refreshments will be served after meeting.
Exponent Co-eds: Meeting for entire staff Saturday, February 18, at 1:30 p. m. in the Union co-ed office. Stories for next co-ed edition will be assigned. —SCHILLING. ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations will be given Saturday, February 26, at 1 p, m. in MB 301. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) —BOLZ.
Delta Rho Kappa: Keys available for $2.60, plus three cents a letter for engraving. Please bring money to meeting Tuesday, February 21. —ESTEY.
Concert Choir: Rehearsal Saturday, February 18, at 1 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —CODDINGTON.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Members may get pins from Miss Osterling in the main office of the Mechanical Engineering Building until Friday, February 24. —LUTHER.
Mathematics Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 26, in the Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register with the instructor who gave the C before February 16. (2-18) —MARSHALL. Military Freshmen: Entries in all weights for the semi-finals boxing bouts will secure medical certification at the Student Health Service any time during the afternoon of Friday, February 17, and report to the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. with medical certificate for the semi-finals. Finals are scheduled for the evening of Tuesday, February 21. I —BECKLEY.
Applicability of religion to the problems of modern life is stressed in two new religion courses at a Woman’s College, University of North Carolina.
Denny Chimes, towering marker on the University of Alabama campus, peals off tunes every 15 minutes.
Quality is our trade mark
Don't waste time in the kitchen when you can get fresh doily, your choice of rich, good tasting cakes, cookies and novelties by calling 3852.
Graves quauty Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
TTPEWBITEBS—All nukes, standaid and portabla, said, purebaoed, rented, and repaired. New portable msealnaa as low as >29.TS. Supplies. C. F. EbenheS, MS Mam strest.
FOR SALE EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x13, quarter fold, high grade, 6,000 to case, only $2.76. Lilly-Lulip sanitary drinking cups. Cabinets leased. Phone for samples of napkins and cups. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
FOR SALE—A beautiful bull and fox terrier pup. Dial 41962. ROOMS FOR RENT
DOUBLE ROOM—Single bed, continuous hot water, shower, steam heat. 82 dollars with board. 224 Sheetz. 2671.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for « College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker > 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith /
• Florists
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE sharpening Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7 th Phone 6050
• Electric Shop
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac'essories and repairing. , MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 282B
See Your West Side Contractor For Your Electric Needs. PHONE 5952 BRELSFORD ELECTRIC 213 STATE