> I'.
- ' , . 1 i'
^ iyy-y^ r ^ —
Air Minded WeekWiM Open Here fesfiV/t/es Start With Banquet At 6 Irv Given and his band will swing out tonight from 9 to 12 o'clock for the annual Airport dance which will herald the opening of Aviation Week. Climax to the evening’s dancing will be the presentation of free rides in the moonlit night to two lucky couples whose names will be drawn from a hat. Also drawn from the hat will be the names of two people who will receive Complimentary tickets to the airshow tomorrow. Bus Rides To Airport Free bus rides will be given to ^nd- from the airpprt, starting at 8:30 o’clock m the evening. The dance will be chaperoned by Mr. Fletemeyer and Mr. Bodden, of the University finance department. The dance will be preceded by a banquet at 6 o’clock in the south ballioom of the Union. Highlighting the program will be addresses by Mike Murphy, well-known stunt flier; Jim Smiley, president of the Frankfort 'Glider Corporation and J. C. Clifford, Civil Aeronautics Board official. Dr. E. L. Kelly, of the University psychology department, will act as toastmaster. David Ross is expected to attend the banquet. Novel Dance Decorations On exhibition in the hanger during the dance will be one of the Glider Club’s high performance sailplanes and Mike Murphy’s German - made Bucker - Jungmeister stunt plane. Tomorrow afternoon the airshow will bring the week-end to a close. Featured on the program will be an exhibition by Mike Murphy and demonstrations by visiting army pursuit ships. If the weather permits, Stan Corcoran will fly down to the airport from Chicago in his sailplane. Corcoran is a nationally known glider pilot and has won several meets in the ship he intends to fly tomoriow. h.g.d. Menke Announces Cotillion Committee
A1 Menke, Sigma Chi and newly elected president of Skull and Cres■cent, sophomore activities honorary, last night announced appointment of the committee for next year’s Sophomore Cotillion, which will be held some time in February. Committee members are: Courtland Nelson, Phi Gamma Delta, chairman; Bob MacIntyre, Phi Kappa Psi; Ed Karpick, Phi Sigma Kappa; Dave Ochiltree, Theta Chi; and Ted Chapman, Delta Tau Delta.
EXPONENT WORKERS Sports edition tonight. Entire sports staff will report for work. —JOHNSON. Please get a schedule of your finals into my box by tonight. —RUFFNER.
Z-1W
Fottitdcii Ih
Daily Sliic«190€
Volume 52, No. 190
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, May 24, 1941
MICHIGAN BEATS RIVETERS
Nine Walks Win ForWolverines In Initial Conference Night Game
7-5
GeorgeHarms
Cl iff Wise
... is leading the conference batters with an average of over .450. Last night he collected Only one safe blow. He will catch the offerings of stalwart Mickey Stoddard this afternoon in the series finale. —
Methodist Church To Hold Senior Red Rose Service Tomori’ow morning at 10:40 o’clock the members of the West Lafayette Methodist Church will honor graduating seniors in the annual Red Rose Recognition service, which was orig^ated by Dean Fisher’s Sunday School class more than thirty years ago. University seniors will sit in a reserved section in the front of the church auditorium, where they will be addressed by the pastor. Reverend McFadden. Following the sermon, Mrs. F. J. Roberts, organist, will play-“In the Time of the Roses.” The presentation of roses will mark the fourth year of service to the church and the Wesley Foundation for many of the seniors. b.g.s.
RIotice
To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 26, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Mike Murphy Stuiits His Plane Here Tomorrow In Last Fling Before Air Corps Claims Services
By Walt Rafert Mike Murphy, the Plying Irishman, promises to conclude the final months of his civilian career with a spectacular exhibition of the type of flying which has won him international fame, before he becomes M., Murphy, lieutenant in Uncle Sam’s Air Corps. * Tomorrow, for instance, he will demonstrate what many aviation experts have termed impossible— a square, outside loop! The occasion will be the thirteenth annual University airport air meet and festival. The place will be Lafayette, where the performer spent his childhood and began his flying career. Cap Aretz’ Pupil Captain L. I. Aretz, present managing director of the University airport, was the first instructor for the red headed fledgling at the old Shambaugh Airport before he went to Kokomo. In a little more than 12 years Murphy has developed so quickly that he has become per-
manent holder of the national Freddy Lund trophy for precision acrobatics, and named winner of many international air meets. After July 1, Mike expects to devote his abilities to the testing and running of data flights on new and proposed fighting craft at Wright Field, Dayton, 0. Stresses and Pressures Because he regards his “aviation firsts” as definitely contributing to the advance of aeronautics while giving the spectators a show, the Irishman will add square corners to Major A1 Williams’ strenuous outside loop as part of his show to provide stresses and pressures that haven’t'been calculated by aviation engineers. 'This “something to remember him by” is the result of a special effort Mike always makes for air shows here, and will be accomplished this year in a new BuckerJungmeister stunt plane brought
By Phil Johnson,
Exponent Sports Editor
Michigan’s hard fighting baseball nine took advantage of everything that even resembled a break in the first Western Conference'night baseball game held in Columbian Park Eecreational Center last night to gain a 7-5 verdict over the Boilermakers and tighten their grasp on -the conference lead. A near capacity crowd of over 3,000.persons witnessed the game, something over 2,200 of which were students.
- It was pitcher’s control, that nemesis of all pitchers, that was the deciding factor of the game. Both Cliff Wise, the winning pitcher, and This afternoon at 2:00 p. in. on Ross-Ade Recreational Field the Boilermakers will play Michigan in their last encounter of the year. Either Emmert or Janisch will start on the mound for the ho^t team, with veteran Mickey Stoddard hurl-
ing for the Wolverines.
Don Blanken, Boilermaker moundsman, pei formed excellently on iSiC mound, but Blanken was unable to maintain his control throughout the contest. He walked nine batters, four of whom accounted for runs.
Blanken Whiffs 10
Blanken whiffed 10 of the powerful visitiijg batters while Wise chalked up eight outs via the strike-
out route.
Dick Wakefield, Wolverine outfielder, who is batting fifth in the confeience and leading the league in runs batted in, hit a powerful home run blow in the ninth that went over the fence nearly 400 feet from home plate. Young Leads Losers Junior backstop Ernie Young sparked the losers’ attack, getting two hits in three trips to the plate, and scoring two runs. Blanken hit a long triple m the third which was (Continued on page 3) University To Offer Explosives Course In Summer School In connection with the engineering defense training program, the University will offer free courses in "the “Chemistry of Powder and Explosives” beginning Jjjne 9 and continuing foi' SIX weeks, accoiding to an announcement fi'om Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the depaitment of general engmeeiing. Two Courses Offered Satisfactory completion of the courses will qualify students to act as explosive instructors for the government or as operators and inspectors for the manufacturers of explosives. Two separate courses will be offered in Indianapolis and the University. The first will be a course in organic chemistry designed to qugilify persons for the explosives course and the second a cour.se in the chemistry of explosives. Both courses will be accepted by the Federal Civil Service in filling the requirements for “explosives inspec-
tor,”
No Tuition Charge There will be no tuition charge’ for the courses; the cost of supplies, supplementary teaching material, and instruction to be met by Federal funds supplied through the U. S. Office of Education. Students, however, will be required to buy their own books and pay for trans-
.^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary
Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Ch^ghgo Daily News, Inc,
• Nazis May Yet Fail
There is still a good fighting chance that Germany’s air assault on Crete may fail, it was reported"” yesterday^iy W. H. Stoneman from London. Itjwas admitted that there was not more than a. fightkig
chance.
■** ^ ^
• Women OK British Aid The General Federation of Ameiican Club Women, representing 2,000,000 American women, approved all necessary aid to Britain at their convention in Atlantic City yesterday. Approval was made in the face/ of warnings that this might mean
convoys. * * sp
• US Planes See Action Large numbers of Americanmade airplanes are arriving in the Near East for British use. The planes — Tomahawk fighters and Glenn L. Martpi bombers—are well liked by the British pilots.
^ H*
• Men Resume Work Approximately 1,300 workers at the LaPorte plant of the AllisChalmers Manufacturing Company returned to work yesterday after a one-day “holiday.” The demonstration by the production men, members of the CIO, was called off after a six hour conference with company officials. • CIO Wins Election The CIO United Auto Workers won a smashing victory in the bargaining elections at the Ford Motor Company Wednesday, The UAWCIO polled 70% of the votes cast in the election. President R. J. Thomas of the union announced the union would start negotiations at once for a contract with the com-
pany.
/
to this country by Capt. Alex Papana of the Roumanian air force. The smiling redhead serves notice that to witness the rest of his spectacular bag of tricks, spectators must be at the field becausd the ace plans >to limit his altitude to mere inches at certain stages.
Just Part of the Show
Murphy’s performance is to be a part of the streamlined program being prepared by the Flying Club and Glider Club to climax the most air-minded week-end the University has undergone this year. Following the show Mike and his favorite plane will appear at shpws in Birmingham, Ala., Des Moines, la.; Dayton, O., and various other points before reporting to Uncle Sam. Cheerfully Mike has commented, “My Bucker-Jungmeister, which is worth its weight in gold, will go along with me. The army has already given me permission to bring
it along to the service..”
. , . struck out eight batters, issued only one walk, and gave up just eight hits as he copped his fourth conference win of the season last night from the Boilermakers 7-5 in the first Big Ten game ever played under candlepower. He is a sophomore right hander. SCAWillHoldAnnual Picnic This Afternoon Battle Ground will be the location of this year’s annual SCA spring picnic this afternoon, it was announced yesterday by Ellen Suttner, social chairman of the SCA and general chairman for the picnic. J3ars will leave the Union for Battle Ground at 3 and at 4 o’clock this afternoon. All persons living in co-operative houses are invited to attend the picnic which will feature a softball game, group singing, and an educational quiz. Other committee chairmen are: Ruth Burkher, food; Ivan Meyers and Dick Waid, transportation; and Charles Antonaccio, equipment, p.g.h.
SDX Holds News Day Progroms To Announce Best Teacher Selection "Newspaper Day,” sponsored annually by the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalism honorary, will be observed on campus todaj^ with forums on newspaper topics in the afternoon and a banquet in the evening at which the 1941 Leather Medal, Best Teacher, and Best Student Journalist awards will be announced. At this meeting, journalistic problems will be discussed with particular emphasis upon their relation to agriculture. Speakers who will lead forums include Dean H. J. Reed of the University School of Agriculture, L. M. Busche, assistant county agent leader. Prof. E. ^ A. Gannon, of the University dairy department, and Prof. J. H. Martin, head of the Un^yersity poultry department. “Exponent Of Good Teaching” The afternoon forum, to which all are invited, will open at 2 o’clock m room 263 of the Union. Each speaker will talk briefly, and then lead in open discussion of his topics. The Sigma Delta Chi banquet, beginning at 6 o’clock, will be held in room 253 of the Union. Climax of the program will be the announcement of the three major awards made annually by the honorary. The Best Teacher Medallion, given to the faculty member judged to be the outstanding “exponent of good teaching,” was won last year by Prof. C. B. Murphy of the history department. - Best Student Journalist Also announced will be the man whose name will be placed on the 1941 pendant of the Leather Medal. This award is giveirfor the “greatest contribution to the welfare, success, and reputation of the University,” and was received last year by Prof. P. S. (Spots) Emrick, leader of the University’s Military Band. The Best Student Journalist Award will be made to the graduating semor who is considered to have done the most outstanding journalistic work while in college. All persons interested in journalism in any of its many phases are invited to attend the banquet; tickets will be on sale at the door, j.h.a.
‘instructor Must Interest Student In Work‘-Koenig
By Don Brophy “When I first came to Purdue, I wondered whether engineering students would be interested in such ‘useless’ things as literature,” confided Prof. A. E. Koenig of the English department in an Exponent interview last week. “It did not take me a very long time,” he continued, “to find that the better engineering students are interested in every-
thing.”
“Puts Across” His Subject Material Pei haps the reason for the unusual interest displayed by the better engineering students Prof. Koenig teaches, does not altogether lie in any inherent fondness these students have for literature, but in the manner with which Koenig conducts his English classes and the modern, timely method with which he “puts across” his subject material. The recently appointed assistant professor maintains that if a student is not interested in his class work the fault falls upon the teacher as it does upon the student. It is with this in mind that Prof. Koenig presents so many interesting subjects, such as, “Automatic Progress,” 'and “Bolshevism,” to his classes for general round tabje dis-
cussion.
portation and subsistence,
at the University. It is to be emphg- \ Students Should Enjoy Classes
Interested persons are urged to apply imgiediately to Prof. Beese at the University. Itis to be emphasized that in the first application chemistry education and work experience should be detailed, as preliminary admission to the courses will be based on the information supplied, h.g.d.
He also feels that although students may get something out of a course that is dull amP uninteresting to them, they will never obtain the full value of a course unless it is a pleasure for them to attend ^these classes and fulfill the assignments, In his own words Prof. Koenig states, “English composi-
tion and literature is secondary and should bej:reated as such. The primary object of these courses is to make the student aware of literary heritage—of what the great writers had to say and how they said it—and then make him think things about it.” Early Pedagogical Influences Prof. Koenig’s desire to follow a pedagogical vocation came to him during his senior year at the Shaddock Preparatory school in Minnesota when he came under the influence of a very remarkable headmaster, a Mr. Ajax Jerry Hill. It was the powerful personality and influence of this man coupled with Prof. Koenig’s admiration for Hill that led him into the teaching profession. Requires Personal Conferences Prof. Koenig feels that it is the duty of the instructor to find out what the real interests of each student instead of relying on what the student pretends he is interested in during class. Thig is one of the principal motives which prompts him to require his students to have personal conferences with him during the semester. “If the student feels that the instructor is interested in him as a human being, and not as a number on the registrants card,” says Prof. Koenig, “he is likely to find greater enjoyment in his class work and to take a-more active interest in the subject.” Perhaps it is this theory of teadiing the required English courses with such “painless” methods that makes the maik;~-E. A. Koenig—-the fine teacher that he is.
V A \A
'3^S^aqa, 2-£ditL
Saturday. May 24. 1941
"• * . (pjuAdfjuL Exponent
The Third Term By The Termite
To our mind, the Airport Dance tonight offers a wonderful opportunity to the co-eds, and we would strongly advise them to get a date by hook or crook. So far as we cari find out this is the only time in the whole year that a girl can sign out for the airport without having people raise their eyebrows.
Recently, a good many people have expressed their curiosity as to why we call ourselves “The Termite.” The real reason for our name is because we bore from within. And if you think we’re not boring just try reading us.
Over in Germany, the Nazi “Historians” have just discovered that part of America is still formally at war with Germany. The Huscarora Indian tribe of New York State declared war on Germany in 1917 as independent people. The tribe has never offered to smoke the peace pipe, and therefore they are still at war, according to the Germans. Wonderful, these Nazis.
Down in Italy, one of the Fascist papers recently predicted that the United States will enter the war as Britain’s ally; then followed up the prediction with a statement that a long-distance war would develop betv^en Italy and the U. S. Be that as it may, but in our opinion; if there a war, Italy had better hope and pray that it will be a very long-distance war.
fijjUtdtuL £xpomnL
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per .year, mail subscription, $3.60. Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor -. - John L. Trangott Business Manager Don S. Powers ‘ Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Ruffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. J. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. B. Saxton; Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor > Ruth Rose Associkte Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor _..V. Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Brophy Issue Editor: B. G. Smith
Day Editor: Boynton Sports Editor: Keeier
Staff: W. Rafert, A. Worsley, H. deBruyn, P. G. Hoffman, M. Schneider.
•The Ratio-
3.93
• • • to 1
years work in 4 years and nobody’s ever gotten steamed up over it.
The New York Times is all hepped up over the fact that some eastern schools are going to offer 4 years work in 3 years so the boys can graduate before they’re drafted. Somehow, though, we can’t get excited about it like the Times is. After all, Purdue’s been offering 6
According to latest reports • from Germany, there seems to be quite a wave of sabotage in their factories. In fact, it’s getting so bad that when a workman wants a monkey wrench he has to fish it out of the machinery.
JalL
WBAA
The Best Of The Good
11:30-
With today’s good teaching article and the naming tonight of the winner of the Best Teacher Medallion for the best of Purdue’s good teachers, the Exponent and Sigma Delta Chi bring to a temporary halt their current teaching campaign. During the past several weeks feature stories on a few of the University’s instructors have appeared in the Exponent, and the following ideas and suggestions have been collected from these articles as qualifications for a good teacher. 1. He should know his subject matter thoroughly and be well versed in current material and practice in his particular field. It is especially helpful ifTie is doing research work, and it goes without saying that lie must also be interested in his subject. 2. He should be sincerely interested in the students in his classes and be willing to work^ with them and help with their problems. To acquire this close association with his students, the instructor should know the names of those in his classes, be willing to realize and accept their problems, avoid hard and fast rules regarding such matters as class attendance, and he should follow student activities, realizing that although they are secondary to actual classroom and text book education, they are important. 3. Actual teaching methods will vary with the instructor and the subject matter of the course. However, the method adopted should reflect the instructor’s personality and be adapted to the students. In general, he should emphasize the fundamentals and attempt to arouse in the student an interest and desire to dig deeper into the course. Above all, he should teach the students to think .independently and intelligently. 4. He should have a good speaking voice. No matter how much he knows about his material, class attention cannot be held by an instructor with a dull voice. He should also have an appreciation for humor, which helps greatly in holding student attention and maintaining good will. We do not intend this editorial to end our campaign. It is intended, however, as a summing up of our present ideas and beliefs on the subject. More “good teacher features” and more editorials will follow during 1941-42 in our teaching campaign.
12:00 12:15 12:30
11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood—singer High School Guest— Remington
•Markets
Woman Shopper Meet the Band 12:45—Tune Time
1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Music Without Words 1:45—Monitor Views the News
2:00—Stamp Club
2:15—‘Alberta Schmadel—singer 2:30—The Army Speaks 2:45—Afternoon Music 3:00—Campus Varieties
4:00—Off the Air
6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
Radio Club
Ward 25
. .. defeated Ward 17 in the finals of baseball, 3-1, Thursday afternoon, annexing the baseball crown for the second time in three years. Clayton Rechenbach allowed the losers only two hits in the final game, and in the semi-finals pitched a one-bit game for the champs. Finals in the inter-fratqrnity competition will be played off today, d.e.b.
A new course, “Courtship and Marriage,” offered at Bucknell university is the most popular on the campus.
TWIN POOLS
SWIM—GOLF—PICNIC 20 Miles Northwesf OXFORD, INDIANA
Koopman To Conduct Rural Education Shop
Radio Guild Party Tonight Honors Senior Members
G. Robert Koopman, assistant state superintendent of public instruction at Losing, Michigan, will have charge Vf ^ week workshop in rurall education for county superintendrats to be conducted on the can^^pus June 9 to June 21 by the divii ion of education gpd applied psychology. The attendance wiUbe limited to 40 superintendents wtam Indiana and surrounding states.xThe program will consist of individual projects, group projects a^ group study of current developments an^ issues in rural education.^ The full time staff for tH^workshop will be composed of one K^pwsentative from each of the fourTndiana state educational institutions.
Tonight at 7 o’clock the Radio Guild will honor its senior members at a farewell party to be held in the Hall of Music studios of WBAA. All members of the Guild, all staff members, and all station engineers are invited to attend. The program, which will include dancing and refreshments, is in charge of Larry Myers. There will be no charge for admission, b.g.s.
Alpha Sigma Phi
. . . social fraternity announces thg election and installation of the following officers; C. Donald Swaim, president; Richard R. Weichel, vicepresident; James A. Gentles, treasurer; Edward W. Rice, corresponding secretary; and Charles A. Wulf, comptroller.
Starts Today
Just-
yhi&jcxm
Well, men, if you’re looking for ■your girl these next couple of days, don’t come over to the Union, you’ll never find her here. The gym’s the place to look. Finals have started over there, and we’ve never seen so many women in all our life as were conglomerated there, yesterday at four. On the other hand, we’ve never seen the Sweet Shop so empty at that same time. Oh well, that’s finals. From now on, Lambda Chi “Big Chuck” Ehrlich will be known as “Sonny.” At least, that’s what Adele Cole called him when she hailed him from half-way across campus to come and walk with her. “Sonny” came galloping over at full speed, too. Gad, how little some women can make big men look. Another Cary Club pin has been well placed. A couple of Freshmen ai’e involved this time. We’re talking about Fred Phillips and Frances Dunii. You have our heartiest. It amazes us more every day when the men on this campus don’t get together and call a strike or something on Martha Jane Fox’s short skirts. They are definitely very disconcerting. Oh well, maybe we like to be disconcerted, huh men ? Hear tell the University is having some trouble making people keep hours these nice summer nights. Personally, we’re all for abolishing hours when the weather gets nice. However, if they keep cutting down the trees around at the present rate, what’ll be the use ? One thing you want to remember, though, men — a woman never ^makes a fool out of a man, she merely gives him an opportunity to develop his natural capacities.
The' pre-finals rush of picnics, parties and fi&h fries is on again. Few freshmen will attend; they haven’t learned yet that to try tp raise a grade in a final is futile.
Sage, our seasoned snoop reports that the Boilermakers were being rolled over the barrel at the Skull and Crescent elections until last year’s president, a member of a Boilermaker house, decided to find out who was “quisling.” The rest of the elections were made by the democratic show-of-hand3. This stopped the Progressive winning streak.
Speaking of politics, our Exponent reporter stated yesterday that the Progressives 'hesitated nearly an hour before approving appointments of four Boilermakers and one Progressive to the FAO offices. What was the matter, that’s the Ratio, isn’t it ?
. . . announces the election of the following officers: R...C. Miles, EE ’42, president (call-letters, W9KBL); P. J. Freed, EE ’42, vice-pres-ident (W9VCP); G. W. King, EE ’42, secretary; and H. T. Smith, EE ’43, treasurer (W9I^QA). The club’s main activity is the operation of the University’s amateur radio station, W9YB. Radio club is open to any student on the campus.
GEORGE"c..AiL.''HAYES
SHERIFF
al TOMBSTONE
SUN.-MON. —2 HITS
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
—from toko Placid to Miami ..in a sparkling, soph isticated comedy romance guaranteed to make you glow I
7^^ RUNDS
She's The-woman-that's -always-paid'^ with iJAMES ELLISON-MILDRED iCOLES • NIGEL BRUCE MARGARET HAMILTON KATHARINE ALEXANDER
Produced by CUFF REID. Directed by fRANX WOODRUFF. Story and Screenplay byJerryCadf’
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
FLIGHT ANGELS PLUS
MISSING PEOPLE
Music Room Features
Piano Recital Today
Arthur Jacklin, son of Prof, and Mrs. H. M. Jacklin, of the mechanical engineering department, will be featured in a piano recital at the weekly j^usic Room program from 4 to 6 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the Union. The program -Will open with the playing of Bach’s “Prelude” and “Fugue in B Flat Major” and will include works of Beethoyen, Debussy, and Chopin.
ft
Three Fraterhit'ies Present Last Triad Of Year Tonight Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Sigma Phi and Phi Sigma Kappa fraternities join tonight at 9 o’clock to present the last triad dance of the season in the south ballroom of the Union. This dance is one of the last summer formals before the end of tjie semester. Pau\ Ileedy and his campus band have been engageci to play for the event. b.g.s.
Sage also reports that in the recent Senate election one of the candidates was swept into office by a nine to one majority. Ten votes were cast.
DANCE REVUE By Pupils of Allen's School of Dancing Friday, June 6, 8:00 p. m. SUMMER CLASSES OPEN Saturday, June 14th BALLET, TAP and BALLROOM DANCING Private Lessons by Appointment PHONE 2150
AIR CONDITIONED
— LAST TIMES TODAY
PLUS
MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN FIRST RUN P^THE NEWS
SUNDAY-MONDAY-
THEY KNEW WHAT THEY WANTED
NOBODY'S CHILDREN COLOR CARTOON
Starts SUNDAY
JJ^Diembep ths tune .^eil were sinqjnq--^ nlqht we fell IP love 9*
, InlU ihiii • Edgar B^iotn • Am Oorm - LAST TIMES TODAY -Pu/udm £xpomni
Saturday# May 24# 1941
(Pjcuul S-fSuo^iiA.
Golfers Hosts For Annual State Tournament Today
tet is a decided favorite to retain the “Big State” crown which they have won 10 times during the 11 year running of this event. Pressing the Irish golfers for top honors again this year will be the Riveter and Indiana linksmen.
Butler Defends In “Little State” In addition '•to the “Big State” competition, the remaining seven schools including Franklin, Ball State, St. Joseph, DePauw, Wabash and Butler will be fighting it out for the “Little State” team and individual championships. Butler, the defending title holder, is again favored to win the event. Although there is a bare possibility that a new team champion
BEN FRANKLIN WAS A WISE OLD BIRD!
Ben Franklin’s homely rules' of common sense apply today with equal force as iti early colonial days. One of them was “Waste not—want* not” which only goes to say, “Bring in your used books to SOUTHWORTH’S and let us give you some of that ‘jingling money’.”
WE PAY BEST PRICES FOR USED BOOKS
FvnmE BOOK^HimriDRE
308H0 STAIE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Both For U.00
MAGNUM SIZE 3 CAKE CARTON REGULAR SIZE 3 CAKE CARTON
These delicately scented, hard milled, long lasting cakes are packed in attractive cartons suitable as gifts.. .yet at a price which means economy for a luxurious soap. Geranium Fleih Honeyiuekle Yellow Pine Jade Green Bouquet Sky Blue Carnation Beige Gardenia White
As the lead-off threesome tees off this morning at 8:30 at the West Lafayette Country Club, the annual Indiana Intercollegiate Golf Tournament will officially get under way. Five minutes after the first golfers tee off, Doug McDaniels, in a threesome with Owen of Butler and Guinnupof of Franklin, will become the initial Riveter to see action. By 10:00 all of the forty-two individual entries should be well into their first round of the required 36 holes of play. This year the Notre Dame quin-
Jhn Sports Sestapo by Phil Johnson
Maroons Face Boilermakers In Season’s Final Cinder Meet
will be crowned, a new individual title holder will definitely emerge from the forty-two starters. This opening was made possible by the graduation of Walter Hagen, Jr., captain of Iasi year’s Notre Dame squad. \ Heading the list of competitors for the individual title will be the Riveter co-captains George Dahl and Bob Hoffer. Both lads have turned in cards comparable to any in the state during match play this season. In addition to the co-captains, other Riveters hoping to aid in the dethronement of the Notre Dame squad will be McDaniels, Knipp, and Curran, j.s.d.
• Hail And Farewell “All good things must come to an end.” Today the collegiate athletic careers of 12 great Boilermaker athletes draw to a close. Many of these diamondmen and trackmen are widely renowned in Big Ten, yes, and even nation wide circles. Others are lesser known but have worked ^equally hard. Both the headliners and the hard working reserves are essential to any successful athletic organization. Neither is more important than the other.
Riflemen End Season After Annexing Fourth In Western Division
Final Exams Deplete Riveter Entry List As Four Seniors Compete For Last Time
• Baseball Up Firsf Baseball Captain Bud Fisher has played three years of fine diamond play, both behind the plate and in the infield. A hard workef and a fighter who never head of the word “defeat,” Bud is a member of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity, a Gimlet, and is majoring in Mechanical Engineering. His home is in Wilmette, Illinois. George Doherty played three years of reserve football and two years of reserve baseball before getting into a conference game. His grit and fight were rewarded this year as he became one of the finest hitters on the nine, playing the outfield and third base admirably. The Point Pleasant, New York, athlete is a Reamer, majoring in PE. Mike Byelene, a Gimlet and a Beta, is quite well known for his football achievements. This was Mike’s first year out for baseball. Center field was covered like dew when Mike was in the line-up. He is from prep football famous Massillon, Ohio, and is a PE student. Johnny Emmert, sometimes known as “Bluebeard,” has been a member ”of the mound staff for three years. This year he has won two conference games and six nonconference games for the best Boilermaker average. Johnny is studying to be a Pharmacist, is a Reamer, and goes home to Haubstadt. Prank Danowski seldom gets his name in print, but he reports for practice every evening. His value as a batting practice hurler cannot be overestimated. Danny’s home it Matituck, New York. He’s in the PE school and is also a Reamer.
Winding up a successful season of 10 wing to only five losses, the Boilermaker rifle squad placed fourth in Big Ten competition, according to word received from the Dig Ten Athletic News Service in Chicago, The 10-man team, coached by Ken Scott, assistant intramural director, finished up its season two weeks ago when it was defeated by the Minnesota riflemen, now the conference champs. This year the team was beaten in the conference only by Indiana, Illinois, and Minnesota. These three schools have spent years in the development of their marksmen squads, while the local riflemen have gained recognition only lyFred Mathews, a sophomore and secretary of the Purdue Rifle Club, finished among the top ten scoring rifle experts in the» Big Ten, getting an average of 376.6 for the 15 shoots.
Twenty-three Boilermaker thinlies will defend the Gold and Black track prestige when the Chicago cinder-team invades^ Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. This afternoon’s contest will undoubtedly be on very equal terms, since the Maroons, who all season have slightly trailed the Riveter team, will be facing one of the weakest squads Coach Hermon Phillips has ever sent into action. .. Senior and other final examina-
Michigan Beats
(Continued from page 1)
• Now For Track
Track Captain Ed Holderman has been one of the country’s outstanding distance men for the past two years. His record in cross country and dual meet competition is almost unblemished. He’s from Escanaba, Michigan, is studying Mechanical Engineering, and is a member of the Reamer Club. Dave Rankin’s great athletic accomplishments, both on the grid-
iron and track, need no introductions. ^ Jake Weber has been tossing the shot and the discus with the nation’s best for three years. His five, eight, and ten points each meet have been invaluable. Big Jake was also a great high school athlete while at Plainfield. He is an ATO. Cross country and two mile specialist Chuck Reeves has been a consistent member of the track team for three years. He finished fifth in the Big Ten cross country race last fall, beating Campbell Kane and other famous runners. Chuck is a member of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, and is from Dayton, 0. Bob Wente, a hurdler and quarter miler, proved his ability in the Drake Relays when he ran third in a grueling 440 high hurdles race. Bob is a science student from Indianapolis. Bob Doty, a EE from Liberty, has been a consistent trackman for three years. It’s guys like Bob who really make it a “team.” High jumper Seth Anderson, has been competing for three years, adding points to the Riveter total on a number of occasions. Seth lives in Cary Hall, is a Mechanical Engineer, and resides in Congress Park, Illinois.
duplicated by Walt Leifheit, pinch hitting for Gantz in the last half of the ninth. ^ * Michigan went into the lead in the first half of the initial inning on two hits and four walks, accounting for three runs. Neither team countered in the second although the Wolverines hit two singles to begin the inning. Extra Base Swats A single by Young, an error by third baseman Chamberlain, a double by Byelene, and a hard triple by Blanken pushed three runs across in the last of the third to knot the score. Blanken’s triple was to deep right center. Michigan scored a pair of flukies in the fourth to take a lead which they never relinquished. Holman and Christensen singled with two out. With a two and two count on the batter, Christensen attempted to steal second. The throw went into center field, Holman scoring. As Christensen went into third interference was called on third baser Doherty and the Wolf second baseman was allowed to stroll home. The batter fanned on the next pitch. Another In Fifth In the Boilermaker half of fifth Young scored the fourth Riveter tally on a walk, a hit by Byelene, and an error by Ruehle. Blanken held the Wolverines hitless for the next four innings, although they scored one run in the sixth on two walks, and a wild throw by Blanken on an attempted sacrifice. Wakefield scored the seventh Michigan run in the ninth as he led off with the hard hit home run. Nice Try Walt Pinch hitter Leifheit started a
tions have put a dent in the power of the Boilermaker squad, and this afternoon Coach Phillips will be relying on the aid of reserves to conquer the Maroon invaders. Capt. Ed Holderman, big Jake Weber, Chuck Reeves, and Seth Anderson, senior veterans with the thinlies, will be competing in the last dual track meet of their college careers. Dave Rankin will be unable to enter. Holderman, Rankin, and Weber hold outdoor Boilermaker track records. Following the meet the Spike and Shoe Club, composed of all men who have won either numerals or major or minor track letters, will hold its first annual banquet in the Union, honoring the coaching staff and seniors. The Chicago meet will be a determining factor in the awarding of letters for this season, with the announcement of these awards coming out probably on Monday, according to Coach Phillips. Between 10 and 16 will be given out. d.e.b.
Boilermaker entries for the Maroon meet are: 100 YARD DASH—Gaulke. Bancker 2ii0 YARD DASH — Anthony, Ganlke. Bancker 440 YARD DASH—Anthony, Ten Eyck. Arnold. 880 YARD RUN—Kemp, Jarvis, Jentsch. MILE RUN—Capt. Holderman, Kemp. TWO MILE—Reeves, McLaughlin, Stanley. HURDLES—Conant, Stroyeck, Kron. SHOT-PUT—Weber. DISCUS—Weber. JAVELIN—Suto, McEachern, Anderson. POLE VAULT—Lovett, Grimm, Carter. HIGH JUMP—McEachern, Anderson. BROAD JUMP—Dodge, Gaulke.
I M Schedules
BASEBALL Saturday, May 24 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Tau Delta or Alpha Tau Omega (H. Blasdel, umpire)
ALL CAMPUS GOLF Bouton vs Graham or Greenatein Kuntz vs Proesel or Kregg Hoffman vs Simons or Dixon TENNIS Final Freshmen Tennis: Mangold vs (Wells or Gardner) Final All Campus: Wells vs Mangold (Sells or Mees) • Ward Tennis: J. Dudzinski va Mees or Kalbfleisch
Boilermaker rally in the l^st half' of the ninth with a booming triple
GOLF NOTICE
• Well Done, Athletes It’s been swell having you with us felltjws. Best of luck.
down the right field line. He scored on Young’s infield out after pinch hitter Emmert had struck out. Michigan’s Mike Sofiak made a great running catch, of McFerren’s hard hit ground ball, which seemed a sure hit, to throw to first in time to register the final out of the game.
Students will be admitted free of charge to the State Golf Tourney at the West Lafayette Country Club with the presentation of their passports. The course is located one-half mile north of the Fieldhouse on State Road 52. All students are invited to come anytime during the day and join the gallery.
GOOD LUCK
STUDENTS
ON SUCCESSFUL EXAM GRADES
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Come Firstr:
■■ ^ • ■ ' ' ■. ■■'""■^'. ,:^•■' V''''; - ’ ■■■;:,'; -y.;
S^aqsL
Saturday, May 24, 1941
(Pju/udwL £xpomnL
London Newspaper Explains Condition Of British Defense
U. S. Editors Oppose Aid
Despite English Appeal
By Helen Kirkpatrick
SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily Foreign News Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News. Inc.
Darlan Says He Won't Give Up Fleet, Colonies
SPORTS BULLETIN
By Paul Ghali
SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily Foreign News Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
London, May 23.—The unusual and unexpected appeal Wednesday by the London News - Chionicle, leading Liberal newspaper, to the United States to enter the war on Great Britain’s side “complete and at once,” is followed today by another editorial repeating and explaining the appeal. Editorial Explains Appeal Today’s editorial explains that Wednesday’s appeal was made “because it believes that this view expressed the opinion of the overwhelming majority of Englishmen and that, with the emergency growing daily more perilous, it was time that some public expression of it should be made, no matter what criticism the appeal might earn in this quaiter or that.” All-Out Aid From America The editorial, which appealed for the immediate and all-out participation of the United States, certainly did not receive the approval of officialdom here—^not because the Bi’itish government probably does not feel the same way, but because it has-been the publicly and privately stated policy of the British govei’nment to do nothing to influence American decision. U. S. Interests Will Be Guide A cabinet minister two days ago expressed the view that the United States would enter this war—if it did—on the basis of its own interests and that it would never go to war because of Britain or as a result of pleas from Britain. He intimated that that was the viewpoint of the government and that he who is in a powerful position to do so would always advise against any policy by the British government that might be designed to affect the United States’ decision. The News-Chronicle this morning carries in its news columns editorial comments of American newspapers on its appeal. It quotes fully from the Philadelphia Inquirer and the San Francisco Chronicle, both of which reject the appeal and reiterate American determination never again to send an expeditionary force abroad. American Unaware of Peril In today’s editorial the NewsChronicle quotes from the Richmond Times-Dispatch to the effect that the United States is not yet ready for a warlike decision. “That is our guess too; and that is one of the reasons why we made this appeal,” the News-Chronicle editor.wiites. He continues: Stop Foolish Finesse “In our view the time for finesse and drawing-room politeness has passed; the facts must be stated bluntly. The American people are not yet ready for the step into out- \ right war because they are not yet fully awake to the extreme perils with which both our democracies are beset.”
Vichy, May 23. Vice-premier Darlan told the French people today: “I will not give the French fleet to anybody.” He said Hitler had not asked for the fleet nor for any of France’s colonies, nor for France to surrender any of her sovereignty. No War On Britain He added that he had not been asked by Hitler to declare war on Great Britain. Tliose were the chief points of the first broadcast made by Petain’s heir presumptive this afternoon. His declarations were intended for America and Great Britain just as much as for France. France Makes Own Peace Speaking ^ of internal questions the admiral stated that France had freely chosen her new road. Repeating practically the same words that Der Fuehrer had baen reported as having said to him at Berchtesgaden on May 12, the admiral said that France would get the peace that she made for herself. He proceeded then to explain once more to the French people thatthey had been conquered. Hits Former Regimes The vice-premier threw another
Richmond, Ind., May 23—(Special to Purdue Exponent)—Playing here in the Annual State Tennis Meet, Riveter Bob Anderson bowed to Canale, defending state singles champ, -in a hard fought match which went three sets. This victory sends Canale of Notre Dame on to the semi-finals and possibly another year with the tennis crown. Gus Armstrong, also of the Riveter camp, was eliminated by Joyce, number two seeded man in the state standings. InToday’s tilts, Anderson and Lucht will again pair off in their reliable doubles combination to take on Parks and Canale in the semi-finals.
9n, JhsL (^hwvduiA.
• Methodist Students 8:00 a. m.—Council breakfast. Free for all committee members. 9:30 a. m..—Sunday School taught by Dr. T. K. Noss. 10:40 a. m.—Church. Red rose recognition of seniors. 6:00 p. m.—Picnic supper—leave the Church and Foundation. 7:30 p. m.—^Star Service behind the Stadium. Speaker—Miss Phyl? lis Baker.
The fault for this lack of awareness the News-Chronicle blames on the British and the lack of news. The implication is that if the American people realized the full dangers of the situation they would take action. U. S. Must Be Given Facts But, the News-Chronicle says: “It is for the American people, and no one else, to determine if, how, and when they will enter the war. We do not presume to advise, still less to lecture them on an historic decision which must be theirs alone. All we presume to do is to attempt to tell them how real, how urgent is the need, so that they may make their choice knowing the facts.”
stone at fotmer ^French governments, accusing them of being responsible for France’s defeat and made the usual attack on France’s pre-armistice Parliamentary leaders. He only made bare mention of France’s having been “abandoned” by her ally. Great Britain. And he also carefully avoided any allusion or answer an Anthony Eden’s declaration in the House of Commons yesterday that the unoccupied zone of France might be bombarded by the Royal Air Force m the same way as the occupied zone, since the industries of both were now working for Germany. Appeasement For America Toward America as well as England Adm. Darlan took a definite tone of appeasement, and was viewed as the official French answer to Anglo-American commentaries on the recent Franco-German agx’eements. Omits Mention of Laval Another notable feature was the omission of the name of his predecessor, Pierre Laval, in allusion to the policy of Franco-German collaboration adopted by Hitler and Petain at Montoire last October and so aidently favored by Laval.
• i^piscopal Students At St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette. 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion 10:45 a. m. — Confirmation .by Bishop Kirchhoffer. The Bishop will preach the sermon. At University Presbyterian Church 6:00 p. m.—Seabury Society • ^Baptist Students At West Lafayette Baptist Church, Chauncey and Columbia Sts. Joseph B. Gleason, Student Pastor 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class hour. Teacher—Dean Fisher. 10:35 a. m.—Church Service. Rev. Hubert Reynolds will deliver the sermon. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club picnic. Meet at Chui'ch. A vesper service will be held. Chairman — Mary J. Haag. Mrs. Ivah G. Price will assist with music.
AIME
. . . announces the election of the following officers for next year: Jim Starkey, Met. ’42, president; Sam Clow, Met. ’42, vice president; and Willis Schalliol, Met. ’43, secretary. The treasurer will be elected next fall.
• Presbyterian Students University Presbyterian Church At North and Grant Sts. Mr. John W. Findley, Pastor and Dii’ector of the Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m.—^Discussion group will continue its study of “Christianity and Democracy.” Leader — Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m.—Sermon by Rev. Robert S. Thomas of Lebanon. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club supper in Church basement. Charge 15 cents. Program will be in charge of commission on music with Marthaeunice McHaffie in charge. All students are invited to this final meeting of the semester.
Check the Advantages of Crown Cleaning
Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth-proofed by the Monite Process.
Crown Cleaned Hats are repellent to water. No water spotting. Clothes cleaned by Crown pass rigid inspection for 5 point
service.
All new equipment makes more thorough cleansing and refinishing posible.
@R0WN LaUODRY
r I M E C E Jl SL _D g F I JL E C M S
HEY TAXI!
D O N’T BE LATE
YELLOW CAB
SOB
Notices
SI*
Seniors, Notice"
Camera Club Exhibitors: Get your Gaia Week prints at the Student Union office. —TOWLE
Roger Williams Club: Picnic Sunday, at 5:30. Meet at church. Vespers service following. Last meeting of the school year. —ARTMAN
All seniors must get commencement announcements and invitations at the University Book Store, Deac’s, Southworth’s, or at the west desk of the Union by this evening. —TED AXTON.
All Students: Tickets for the Aviation Week banquet Saturday, May 24, are available at the west desk of the Union. Tickets for the Airport Dance may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Book Store, or the west desk of the Union. —MURRAY.
Scriveners: Picnic at Happy Hollow Sunday, May 26, at 4130 p. m. Call Francis Estep for reservations before Saturday. No. charge. ' —RIBGLE.
Classified Ads
Tau Beta Pi: Initiates, call for your shingle at the Sigma Al^ha Mu house, 417 Waldron St. —NOTHMANN
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St Phone, 2779.
Purdue Outing Club: A "relaxation hike’’ will be held Saturday afternoon. May 31, with opportunities for swimming, boating, games and hiking. A piohic lunch will be served. For reservations please call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker, 36462 before Friday evening. May SO. Jdeet promptly at 4 :30 in front of Smith Hall on State street. Everyone is welcome. —PARKER. Debris Workers: Picnic will be Saturday afternoon. May 24, for seniors, juniors and sophomores. Treats are on sophomores. Bring transportation if possible. —SEIK.
All men interested in delivering Exponents for school year ’41-’42, get in touch with Circulation Manager before Friday.
Lost: Brown wallet, near Golden Shops. Reward. Call 4096. W. Taylor.
Rooms for fellows in pew Insulated brick home, tiled shower, twin beds, cross ventilation, private entrance. Phone 2143.
Lost: Bottom half of a grey Parker fountain pen. Call Dave Nelson, 6807. Rei^ard.
All Members of Musical Organizations: Please return all sheet music that belongs to the University immediately to the Music Hall. " —PETERSON.
Wanted: Summer roomers, 123 Andrew Place. Phone 81291.
Lost: Jade ring in silver setting. Reward. Call Hammer, 4916.
Long or Short Sleeve Sport Styles Prices $1.00 to $2.95
Lightweight Summer Trousers
from $2.00 to $7.50
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic
ML PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD j. RISK
4th e Main Stc.
Rhwm 5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwesterrt Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices
Phone 2777
822 Main St.
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY
QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks
Kg^ for tninlu, rfoor Ipckt,
night latches and padlocks. /MTO> keys a specialty. Bicycles
cassorias and repairing. MULHAUPrS
209-11 N. 5tjh St. Rhone SS2S
• School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
EAiA)1EfT.t
LATEST; BOOKS c ;PBFr‘0AY ;VL
;B!EST;A0iH;O:r 10c MINIMU
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C "Rod" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Jewelers
Hays jewelry Co.
Fine Jewelry ' at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up