■ m
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY March 12, 1938 Ixifoyette, bidiona VOL. 49 No. 133
Louise Bain Chosen Queen For Mothers' Day Program janousek. Light, Martenet, Masters, McLeod, Pyke, Rickey, Stewart Will Constitute Court At Festivities Senior Science student Louise Bain, Kappa Kappa Gamma, will be crowned May Queen at the annual WSGA sponsored Mothers’ Day festivities to be held May 7, it was announced last night. The eight other senior co-eds who will constitute the queen’s court of honor are Jeanne Janousek, Chi Omega; Mary Jean Light, Pi Beta Phi; Dorothy Martenet, Kappa Alpha Theta; Mary Alice Masters, Kappa Alpha Theta; Loma McLeod, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Elizabeth Pyke, Kappa Alpha Theta; Margaret Richey, Kappa Kappa Gamma; and Betty Ann Stewart, Pi Beta Phi.
Howitzer Sqiiad Ho. 5 Wins First Place In 155 mm. Competition Howitzer Squad No. 5, Cadet 2nd Lieutenant D. A. Williams, ChE ’39, in charge, won first place in the 165 millimeter howitzer competition held last Tuesday and Wednesday evenings in the Armory, according to an announcement yesterday by Captain P. W. Thompson of the military department. The winning score was 96%, 5% better than the runners-up. Squads No. 2, Cadet 2nd Lieut. J. E. Hammer commanding, and No. 8, Cadet 2nd Lieut. W. B. Boothby in charge, who made scores of 91% each. Squads were scored on the basis of appearance, drill, service of the piece, and knowledge of materiel. Members and Positions Members and their positions on the winning squad are as follows: Executive, Cadet 2nd Lieut. D. A. Williams; Asst. Executive, Cadet 2nd Lieut. R. W. Oyler; Chief of Section, R. J. G. Maurer; Gunner, J. C. Woodson; No. 1, R. B. Fugate; No. 2, J. D. Crawford; No. 3, H. T.' Platz; No. 4, R. C. Becker; No. 6, W. M. DeWitte; No. 6, R. C. George; No. 7, C. A. Leet; No. 1 Driver, P. C. Miller; No. 2 Driver, J. 0. Freese. Each of the above men will receive a medal and a citation. The remaining squads finished in the following order: 4th place, Hannas commanding, 90.6%; 5th place, McCreery, «8%; 6th place, Lownie, 87%; 7th place, Scott, 86.5%; 8th place, Coen, 82.6%. SnaDshots For Debris Must Be Offered Today Bob Verner, chief photographer of Debris, stated yesterday that snapshots of students and faculty members in informal poses should be turned in by noon today to be eligible for the snapshot section of the Debris. Photographs should be campus scenes taken by amateur photographeis. Negatives and preferably five by seven inch glossy prints will be considered.
Committee Makes Selections These girls were selected oh a basis of their scholastic and activity indices as well as their personalities and appearance. A mixed unbiased committee composed of three faculty members and four stuaents made the selections at the request of WSGA. Selections were made at this early date in order that the Queen and her court might have their pictures taken for a page in the Debris. Pictures were taken last night, the girls posing in the gowns which they wore to the Sophomore Cotillion. Program To Be Altered According to advance arrangements, the May Day program for this year is to be altered and made more attractive for the average student. Present plans call for the crowning ceremonies to take place at the annual all-fraternity sing on Saturday night. J. M.GillisToPreich Next Religious Convo Father James Martin Gillis, of New York City, editor of the Catholic World magazine, will be the speaker for the next regular monthly convocation for worship, to be held Sunday morning, March 20, Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the arrangements committee, announced today. Dr. Gillis is well known to Purdue students, having appeared on two previous religious convocation programs at the University. Co-eds Will Christen Spring With Style Show New trends in spring clothes for co-eds will be exhibited Thursday at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Under the auspices of the YWCA the St. Patrick’s Day style show will be managed by Sara Alice McIntosh. Miss McIntosh has arranged for Miss Vera Swan of Loeb and Hene’s to exhibit the new styles in spring clothes. Eight co-eds will model . street clothes, spring suits, aooes* series, and prom formals.
New Ag Chemistry Building Will Give Research Chemists Chance To ^Breathe ’
By Morgan L. Miers
“The new building will relieve the congested office facilities; there are now 14 men working in one office, and that is too many!” said Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist and seed commissioner, about the new Agricultural Chemistry Building. “It will be finished next fall, and will cost approximately $160,000 when
completed.”
The new building will be used entirely for extension and research work done by the department of agricultural chemistry in the agricultural experiment station, but will not provide any space for agricultural chemistry in the school of ag-
riculture.
Reinforced Concrete “The finished building will be 52 feet wide and 110 feet long. It is to have reinforced concrete con-sti-uction, and will be faced with brick trimmed with,Indiana limestone. It will have the appearance of a complete building, but is so constructed that an additional wing
^Of Thee I Sing’ Opens To 400 In Fowler Hall By Jerry Torrence, Jr. Three full hours of musical entertainment were presented on Fowler Hall stage last night, at the opening of the all-campus show, “Df Thee I Sing.” Although some unrehearsed bits crept into the ^ript to the audience’s hilarity, nothing more serioxis happened than one actor’s being left out in front when the curtain closed, and a pony chorus co-ed’s near loss of her costume in the middle of a dance routine. As over 400 people filed out of the hall at the show’s conclusion, co-di-rector John Dietrich commented, “It ran comparatively smoothly but it lacked a little in time. By the end of the week, it’ll be in fine shape.” Said Musical Director A1 Stewart, “It was as well done as could possibly be expected. The students showed that they could put out a show in a big way.” “I feel as if I were up in a balloon some place,” said Benny Bums, the president’s secretary in the play. “It was wonderful,” blushed Marge Starrett as she lay in bed clad in negligee, her position as the final curtain rang down. bwa U. To House Big Ten Art Exhibition From May 15 to June 12, Iowa University will house the third annual Big Ten art exhibit in Iowa City. Each of the 10 universities may submit six original student works in the fields of oil and tempera painting, pastels and water colors, graphics, sculpture, mural and architectural designs, ceramics, and applied design. Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, of the University home economics department, will be a member of the judging committee. Resident graduate and undergraduate students registered in any school of the University are eligible to submit entries to Miss Hansen. The art exhibition was established in 1936 to foster student interest in art and to provide an opportunity for student artists to exhibit their work. Interested students may get additional information from Eleanor Turner, Union vice-president.
Skull And Crescent Names Pledges At Annual Cotillion
Jack Swinney, Jane Ourand Lead March Beneath Ceiling Of Bcdloons
By Georgann Schilling
As colorful as a Paris opening, as gay and noisy as the Mardi Gras—this w^is last night’s Skull and Crescent dance. An avenue of fioating balloons, hung high above the heads of the merry-makers, marked the entrance to the Union ballroom, which was also strewn with gala-colored bubbles spelling “Cotillion.” In such an atmosphere the members of Skull and Crescent, accompanied by their fair ladies of the evening, danced to the music of Charlie Agnew and his band of versatile musicians. In the spotlight was Cotillion Queen Jane Ourand, wearing a gown of black
marquisette as she accompanied Jack Swinney in the grand march. Much interest centered around the dancing dresses of the co-eds— spring formals being a favorite of
many of the girls.
Satin was the chosen fabric for many dresses including those of Margaret Richey, Marian Kristjanson, and Harriet Billings. The usual equal distribution between black and white frocks was again evidenced at the dance. Frances Eastburn, Phyllis Umfreys, and Martha Place were in black contrasting Mary Petticrew’s, Margaret Mitchell’s, and Frankie Ford’s white gowns. Perhaps it was “Opening Night,” it might have been a fiesta; but it really was the Sophomore Co-
tillion.
Wman Plysician Will Speak To Eds Dr. Elizabeth Straus, of Chicago, will be the speaker for the fourth lecture of the seventh annual series of marital lectures. For men only, this lecture is scheduled for Tuesday, at 4 p. m., in the lecture room of the Education Building. The Chicago physician’s talk will be similar in substance to the lecture delivered at a recent marital lecture by Dr. T. B. Rice, of the Indiana school of medicine. Dr. Straus’ subject for Tuesday will be “Marriage From the Viewpoint of a Woman Physician,” while Dr. Rice presented a man physician’s views on marriage.
Swing Man
Charlie Agnew
can be built on at any time,” fur-
ther stated Dr. Kraybill.
The new addition to the Ag campus will consist of a full basement, three floors, and an attic. Four refrigerator rooms will be located in the basement in addition to store rooms, grinding rooms, a solvent extraction room, and a preparation
room.
On the first floor will be a library, offices for heads of departments and stenographers, a micro laboratory for seed and fertilizer work, a plant chemistry laboratory, and a laboratory for research in soybeans.
Second Floor
Located on the second floor will be laboratories for feed and fertilizer inspection work, offices for the staff, a large optical room, an organic chemistry room, and a com-
bustion room.
The top floor will have two nutrition laboratories, seed laboratories, and two rooms for small animal nutrition research work.
Pres. E. C. Elliott Presents Diplomas To 185 Winter Sbrt Course Students Climaxing the eight weeks winter short course in agriculture were the commencement exercises yesterday morning for 185 students. This was a record breaking class for the course which was organized over two score years ago. President E. C. Elliott presented —
the diplomas to the graduating scholars. In the animal husbandry option 62 received diplomas, 37 in general agriculture, 40 in dairy production, and 66 in dairy manufactimes. Assistant Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman introduced faculty members who announced the scholastic
winners.
State Senator Albert Fends of Wayne County, a former University agriculture student, delivered the commencement address. During the exercises music was furnished by the 19-piece short course orchestra
Ag Sfudents, Staff Dance Next Friday Sponsored by the agricultural honoraries and given for agricultural students and' staff members, the second annual All Ag Dance will be held in the Memorial Union
ballroom Friday night.
An exclusive feature with the school of agriculture, the dance promises to attract a large number of agricultural faculty members as well as extension and' field men. Said Alpha Zeta President M. L.
and glee club under the direction ofv, Underwood, “Advance ticket sales
indicate that faculty members will be present in numbers proportionally equal to student attendance.” All-agricultural scholastic honorary, Alpha Zeta; agi’onbmy honorary, Ceres; and forestry honorary, Xi Sigma Pi, are the sponsoring or-
ganizations.
Professor Hughes Will Discuss X-Ray Problems Prof. A. L. Hughes, head of the department of physics at Washington University, St. Louis, will address Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary, in the lecture room of the Physics Building, Tuesday at 7:30
p. m.
JuniorSy Seniors Take 790 Permits For Prom Tickets Bob Ruth, Junior Prom committee member in charge of permits, announced last night that 790 had been issued by closing time yesterday at 5:30. Permit distribution will be continued this afternoon from 1 o’clock to 5 o’clock in room
D of the Union.
Student passports must be presented when applying for a Prom permit, the committee again emphasized, and several upperclassmen had to be refused permits because of this rule. No payment needs to be made when applying for Prom
permits.
The $4 payment on the permit may be paid any time before March 23 at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building.
Dr. E. C. Elliott Addresses Members, Guests At Banquet Preceding Dance Beneath a ceiling of balloons spelling the word Cotillion, Jack Swinney, Pi Kappa Phi, and Jane Ourand, Kappa Alpha Theta pledge, led the grand march for the annual sophomore dance last night in the Union ballroom. Immediately following the grand march, pledges were announced through the mouth of a skull, symbol of Skull and Crescent, by Paul Cooper, Kappa Sigma, chairman of the pledging com-
mittee.
___________ Freshman Pledges
Pledges for fhe organization as announced last night are: P. C. Hardy, M. M. Richards, J. H. Brooks, M. S. Brinduse, T. J. Stephens, T. L. Gardner, R. M. Rugaber, T. B. Petty, R. E. Bailey, L. H. Jones, A. A. Yankowski, R. S. Armstrong. J. A. Black, T. C. Noland, R. S. Colquhoun, R. A. Bates, C. E. Meyer, F. A. Gustainis, J. C. Van Horn, W. M. White, R. D. Hultgren, W. A. Woods, H. R. Hall, R. F. DeHoog, J. R. Ogden, R. A. Dilts, D. J. Rooney, D. K. Heiple, J. Ourand, E. Stoner, R. G. Massey, H. A. Todd, A. R. Brink, R. O. Potter, R. P. Brat-
ten, and K. R. Michel.
Members Attend Banquet Preceding Cotillion, members of Skull and Crescent and their dates attended a banquet in the faculty
lounge of the Union.
Said President Elliott, who spoke at the banquet “Personality cannot exist in a vacuum.” He pointed out that the main advantages gained from Skull and Crescent are the personal relationships and friendships made through membership in the
organization.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and slightly warmer today. Continued warm and mild tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 50; low, 38; mean, 44.
Reverend Finnegan To Conduct Retreat For Catholic Students Reverend William Finnegran, S. J., Dean of the College of Arts and Science at Loyola University, will arrive here today to conduct Retreat for Catholic students attending the University. Accompanying Reverend Finnegan will be Reverend Cohen, S. J., dean of men at Loyola, who will give instruction during Retreat. The Retreat, which is a period of spiritual self-inventory for Catholics, will begin at 1:30 p. m. today in St. Mary’s Church, located on Columbia between 12th and 13th streets in Lafayette. Men and women students of Purdue and any high school seniors in West Lafayette may attend any or all parts of the program. In addition to the Retreat, breakfast will be served immediately following 9:30 Mass. A charge of 26c will be made of those proposing to attend the breakfast.
Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agron-
omy department.
At the short course banquet held Thursday evening in the Union, the winners in the four major agricultural contests were announced. Harley Lewis Bryant was toastmaster of the banquet and introduced Assistant Dean Freeman who
presented the awards. Purdue All-Stars...
. . . defeated a team of gfraduate stars from Indiana University in a fast game at Terre Haute last night by a close score of 44 to 42. The game was sponsored by the Terre Haute alumni of Purdue and Indi-
ana Universities.
Myriad Of Materials Make Peasant-Costumed Dolls
By Mary Cooley
Dolls—made of rags, china, celluloid, plaster of paris, dried apples, cornhusks, wood, wire, cork, cocoanut fibre, and felt—are a part of the display of Miss Marian Willoughby’s collection of peasant costumes in the junior clothing laboratory of the home economics building. A prim, erect, little shaker doll (the religious sect that simply vibrates with religion) watches serenely over the quaint group of Tyrolean lassies, French ladies, Japanese geisha gilds, Spanish dancers, Indian chiefs, Pei'sian aristocrats, coalblack mammies, and Swiss ladies with beautiful blue eyes that wink.
Giant Indian
The giant of the group is a Chichicostenengo Indian towering two feet high while a diminutive, wiry
native of Guatemala is less than one inch tall. This colorful exhibit includes a great many delicate beadwork charms, intricate peasant textile designs and embroideries, quaint French coifs, totem poles, and exotic Spanish mantillas. A pamphlet of photographs which is the property of Miss Willoughby and was loaned for use in the textbook, “Costume Throughout the Ages,” by Evans, is also in the ex-
hibit.
Miss Willoughby gave two comprehensive lectures on “Peasant Costume,” the first to a group of students specializing in clothing on Thursday morning, and the second to a teachers’ group yesterday afternoon.
I ,£diiiftud.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dtumm.
Saturday, March 12, 1938
Methodist Churches 9:30—Miss Clare Coolidge will teach the co-ed class at the Wesley Foundation on the subject, “Esther.” 9;30_Men’s class at the church. 10:40—Morning worship at the West Lafayette Church or one of the three churches in Lafayette. 6:00—Fellowship hour and supper 15 cents at the Wesley Foundation. 6:30—University Epworth League at the West Lafayette Church. Program in charge of a group of students from DePauw University. 8:00—^Meeting of students and faculty members who have religious objections to war,-at the Wesley Foundation House. Central Presbyterian Church 9:30—Discussion group, led by RevFindley on the topic, “Literature of the Old Testament.” 10:46—Morning worship, sermon theme, “Let’s be Honest About Prayer.” Music by choir. Dr. W. R. Graham, Pastor. 5:00—Sunday Evening Supper Club recreational hour, ping-pong, badminton, shuffleboard, etc. 6:00—Supper, served for 16 cents . a plate. 6:45—Prof, and Mrs. D. H. Patterson will present a puppet show, entitled, “The Story of the Willow Plate.”
First Christian Church 9:30—Student class led by Dr. G. H. Graves. This will be the second of a series of discussions of the Bible, its origin, development and use. 10:40-^Morning Worship. Sermon by Rev. Doyle Mullen, on the theme, “The Practical Value of the Church.” ' 5:00—Vesper services. 5:30 — Young people’s discussion hour. Panel discussion: “Can the Golden Rule be Applied to Business.” 6:30—Social hour and supper. 7:30—Evening Service. St. John’s Episcopal 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00—;Young people’s fellowship supper. West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—rSunday school with Dean M. L. Fisher as leader. 10:35—Rev. Gleason will preach on : “Is It Right, Is It Wrong?” Special music will be furnished by the choir. 6:30—Russ Knee will entertain at the social hour with his marionettes. 6:00—Ten cent lunch. 6:30—Roger Williams Club discussion group. Rev. Reese P. Thornton, Rector of St. John’s Episcopal church will talk on “The Meaning of Lent.” 7:30—Evening service with Rev. Gleason preaching on “Jesus, the Saviour of Mankind.”
It’s Against The Rules Dear Editor: Let’s call it a misunderstanding of the rules that causes a writer to upbraid the WRH and Greek coeds for their dictatorial attitudes toward student waiters. Did the writer in his “Letter to the Editor” know that specific rules govern girls’ conduct while eating in the Women’s Residence Hall dining rooms ? Girls are not to smile at waiters or in any way communicate a message to waiters while in the dining rooms. Of course student waiters are there to perform a duty.
so they are not to speak to the girls. Grace Is The Guide As for the previous remarks about a girl deigning to retrieve her own napkin, there is also a rule and a reason for that. It simply is not graceful socially to lean down between chairs, placed closely together, to pick up a napkin. Such an act cannot be done gracefully. The Women’s Residence Halls aim for their dining rooms to be orderly and to run according to customary etiquette. This surely explains why co-eds do not speak or wave gaily to student waiters in an effort to make the men feel comfortable. WRH, ’40.
Technicolor Movie To Start Af Mars Sunday The Mars Theater’s next feature attraction is the new Warner Bros. Technicolor production, “Gold Is Where You Find It,” co-starring Olivia DeHaviland and George Brent. It will start its engagement tomorrow. An outdoor drama based on the colorful war between the ranchers and the miners of California in the 1870’s. “Gold Is Where You Find It” is an adaption for the screen of Clement Ripley’s best selling novel by the same name which ran serially in the Cosmopolitan magazine. During this period the wealthy but unorganized wheat ranchers were fighting desperately against the big financial interests which were running the hydraulic mines. The mining operation was carried on by the use of huge monitors that threw powerful streams of water against the mountainsides. The dirt and gravel which was thus washed out poured down over the valley ruining thousands of acres of valuable wheat lands.
WB AA Programs
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—“Don’t Listen!” 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time with Charles Powell. 12:16—Footnotes on the Headlines. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. l:00-r-Radio Stage. 1:30—High School Regional Basketball Tournament.
By Sally McKee Dinner table conversation is one of the best excuses for a dinner table, but when there are guests, care must be taken in the choice of subject for talk. The very pleasure of conversation comes either from being informed of something new or from joining in a discussion of a familiar subject; so with guests at dinner, the entertaining group should be sure that all of the conversation is clear and of; interest, at least mildly, to the guests. Never discuss among guests fraternity or sorority news and doings if these guests can’t be included (it’s embarassing); never discuss family matters if the guest can’t hear. We’ve all been around when a group of people, supposedly with us, have put their heads together and talked ^so that we couldn’t hear. Probably they’re not, but we can’t help but think that they’re talking about us. Ditto these rules for all occasions. Try never to talk in front of anyone whom you can’t talk with or to. But be very extra careful at dinner or lunch.
Personnel Notes
Company: The Hoover Company, North Canton, O. Products: Electric carpet sweepers. , Representative: T. W. Spoeri, Assistant Personnel Manager. Sign-up: Main office of the ME, EE, and ChE school.
Women's Club Win Give Hobby Show Displays of personal hobbies will be made at a hobby show to be given by the home economics section of the Pui’due Women’s Club Wednesday at 2 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. This collection will include textiles, knitting, hand-weaving, china, hooked rugs, maps, books, and many other novel exhibits. Miss Margaret Beeman, of the home economics school, is in charge of this meeting. The program, which will begin at 2:30 p. m., will include special hobby talks. Miss Marian Willoughby, of the clothing and textile department, will discuss her foreign doll collection. Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the applied design depa;rtment, will tell of her hobby of collecting children’s books. Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department, will display some of his photographs.
By shedding her ski shirt to kindle a fire, a Stanford University girl probably saved her three companions and herself from freezing recently in the snows of Yosemite national park. Connie Lou Bohoskey—the shirt loser—Ruth Pease, Arthur Waterman, and Bob Peyson were found unharmed, after being lost for 10 hours. “We sang Stanford songs to keep our spirits up,” the students said. :it * * * A new explosive, “RPX,” which is 60 times more destructive than dynamite, has been found by Wendell Zimmerman, a 24-year-old California student. This quiet mannered young man, who is a graduate student at the University of California has startled the world of science with his discovery of the most powerful explosive on earth. Agents from the United States War Department and the war departments of Great Britain and Germany have contacted Zimmerman, but as yet he has not disclosed the secret formulae for the explosive. Compared with the terrifying force of RPX, TNT is mere puff. Zimmerman’s principal interest is in finding the secret of atomic structure—not in explosives. He believes that by studying explosives he can find out more about the structure of matter and the pattern of the atom.. He is of the opinion that his new explosive may be of value in rocket research, utilizing RPX to send the rockets higher into the air than ever before to gather metrological data. Co-ed Debaters To Meet Mich. State Debating the proposition, “Resolved: that the several states should adopt a uniform marriage law,” University co-eds will meet Michigan State co-eds today at 3 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Michigan State will uphold the affirmative, Purdue the negative. Speakers for the home team will be Charlotte Lochner and Elizabeth Maier. The debate wiU carry no decision. The co-ed team will meet Northwestern at Evanston Monday night, and from there it will go to Madison, Wis., where they Udll participate in the Western Debate Conference meet.
Cancellations Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 19. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These ca,rds must be signed by the head of the schooj and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. ‘ Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 19 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
WALTER WANGER presents Charles Jean
HiSTORYK MM AT NIGHT
^ PHIL REGAN EVELYN VENABLE mtfRouTV'WmuwiiWBi AUBRIV 8C01 M NAT LIVIJ —also— “Mickey Mouse” Cartoon
—LAST TIMES TODAYCHARLES STARRETT “TWO GUN LAW”
GRANT WITHERS in “BILL CRACKS DOWN”
“DICK TRACY” SERIAL Last Chapter
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
THE WINNAH And now, folks, we present to you that outstanding gentleman of the season: The WINNAH of ye B and B contest of the week-—^for the best 100-word humorous essay on why you should see “Of Thee I Sing.” After Considering all entries according to our famous racing form criterion (Pat. Pend.), we can see as the winnah none but that fearless and intrepid Union vice-president and airport resident: the one and only (Thank God) Thomas P. Garland. Forthwith we offer for your critical eyes the aforementioned essay, and the gentleman in question may avail himself of two free tickets to the show by reporting (with passport) to the Exponent office this afternoon.
WHY YOU .SHOULD SEE “OF THEE I SING” Because gentle reader, of the woebegone expression o nthe face of Sal Palma, if, after arduous (not to mention ardent) practice at the “out-doOr-sport” of kissing Marge (short for “Short-stride”)''Starrett, he should not be able to demonstrate his prowess befoi’e your appreciative eyes . . . just on account of you had chosen to hold down a chair at the Blazer, rather than one at Fowler Hall, on any one of the four (and only four) nights of presentation. Could you doing it to him ? (I was afraid of that!) Well, then, because of the disappointment to be incurred by the pulchritudinous (as well as ponderous) lassies of the choruses . . . should you be among those absent from the front (or any other) row: on account, what’s the fun of parading beauty—even if it’s supposed to be “The Beauty Parade”—^if there is no one to be paraded in front of? Could you being so cruel? (You could, huh!) Well, think only of yourselves, then—you will anjrway—and consider what you’ll be missing in the way of star-spangled entertainment, a super musicomedy all mixed up with redj white and blue draped (but not very) gals; new gags; catchy tunes you’ll be humming, singing, and whistling for the next month; and a satirical plot aimed at the pompous, hypocritical government of this, “our native land.” “My Country Tis of Thee..” sang our forebears: their descendants are still swinging (and slinging) it; and you (you lucky public) must bear with them in “their hour of need” and yours.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
‘A pretty pass we’re coming' to when a taxpayer can’t come in to fill his fountain pen without getting a lot of sediment in the ink!”
Women's Club Elects Officers At Meeting Mrs. S. S. Cromer was chosen president of the Purdue Women’s Club at the annual business meeting in the Memorial Union faculty lounge recently. Officers reelected were, Mrs. Justus Rising, vice-president; Mrs. E. F. Degering, recording secretary; Mrs. W. A. Hiestand, membership secretary and Mrs. V. C. Freeman, treasurer.
The new officers will assume their duties next fall. The annual guest day program was held yesterday in the Union ballroom. Mrs. Alberta Pierson Hannun. West Virginia, authoress and lecturer, was the speaker.
Lum —STARTS TOMORROW—
7 FUN STMS! iO HIT TiHES! 1,000 HOWLS! The M-G-M Big Show that has Everything!
Last Times Today
mm liNES mm oui FMIi¥ Biiei REffilNMiD QIWEN BDB.LIE Bi8«§|E REfilKALBOKSlilNER LYNNE CARVER
WILL ROGERS in ‘The County Chairman’ —PLUS— WAYNE MORRIS in “The Kid Comes Back’’
NARS
-^LAST DAY—
Starting TOMORROW
NOW SHOWING — ADMISSION -—
I Nights and Sundays 40c Week Day Matinees ....30c
LATE SHOW TONIGHT 10:45.-1 ’
Saturday, March 12, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Four Boilermaker Teams To Compete In Big Ten Championship Meets Today
Four Boilermaker athletic squads will compete in Chicago today. The swimming, wrestling, and fencing teams will conclude their seasons at the Big Ten championships, while Coach Phillips’ trackmen compete in the Big Ten indoor meet.
George Wildhack, star Boilermak
er diver, will be Purdue’s lone hope in th#Big Ten swimming championships today. The meet will be held at the New Trier High School pool in Winnetka, 111., with Northwestern and Chicago as co-sponsors. Wildhack has been defeated only by Piegel of Indiana and North of Northwestern in Big Ten dual meets this year. He also took third place in the Kentucky-Indiana AAU championships at Indianapolis.
Track
Rated as Purdue’s chief threat in the stiff Big Ten track competition. Bob Lemen, star Boilermaker hurdler, with 12 of his teammates will participate in the Big Ten indoor meet in Chicago today. Lemen ranks high among Westeim Conference hurdlers by virtue of his time in the low hurdles at last Saturday’s Illinois Relays. Bob missed tying the world’s record by just onetenth of a second. Art Bodeau, Purdue middle-distance runner, has become a threat in the mile run because of his defeat of Deckard of Indiana Saturday. Big Ten wrestlers will also meet in Chicago today. Coach Reeck has
taken a squad of four men to compete against the best grapplers that the Western Conference can offer.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
FURNAS ICE CREAM
Hom-Pak—Pints 15c; Quarts 25c; Brick 29c Drumsticks, Brown Giants, Cheerios, Nut Roll Slices 5c
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
will compliment
you on the tasty dinner when you take her to the
(^liedinut
oom
She will also appreciate the quiet, refined atmosphere.
Visit the Chestnut Room . . . now located on the second floor.
JhiL fiWudjUSL TyimuytiaL UnimL
Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campus Activities
Fraternity 'B' Hardwood Tournament Nears End
Net Officials Fill
As Teams Enter Finals
Varied Positions
By J. S. Brown
Big Ten fencing activities for the season will come to a close with this Conference meet, which will attract fencing squads from five Western Conference schools. The meet will be held at Bartlett Gym, athletic center at the University of Chicago. The conference championship will be decided by points garnered in each of the three divisions. Epee, sabre and foils. Although all the Big Ten schools do not have teams entered, there will be five squads representing Purdue, Chicago, Wisconsin, Ohio State, and Illinois. The Boilermaker hopes will be pinned on Levin and Meier in the epee; Seaborg and Stepath in the sabre; with McWilliams and Reynolds in the foils. The fine record compiled by the Purdue squad tliis season has made them a definite threat to cop the title. Hopes for division crowns will rest in the hands of Seaborg, whose individual record has rated him as a favorite in the sabre.
Inter-fraternity class “B” basketball is nearing completion as the teams progress into the final bracket of eight. As the qualifying rounds were finished, six teams were tied with five wins and one defeat and had to play off the ties to determine who should enter the final group of eight teams along with the six undefeated teams. All of the games of the playoff have been finished except the Alpha Gamma Rho-Tau Epsilon Phi contest. The winner of this game will take his place opposite the Pi Kappa Alpha team in the finals, and the two will meet either today or Monday. Some of the games in the finals bracket have already been played with Delta Upsilon defeating Phi Delta Theta, 24 to 23, and Alpha Chi Rho beating Lambda Chi in contests played Wednesday night. Theta Chi will play Beta Theta Pi in the other first round game of the finals round either today or Monday.
Big Ten basketball officials don’t spend all of their spare time thinking up ways to call fouls where there aren’t any, in spite of the opinions of numerous Purdue net fans. Their daytime occupations range all the way from radio announcer to basketball coach.
Robert Nipper evidently likes his basketball from all angles, as he is a basketball coach during the day. John “Will Rogers” Schommer, one of the best liked officials that handle Boilermaker games here, is a chemistry professor.
Frank Lane who took quite a razzing here last Monday, but who usually turns in an excellent job of calling ’em, is a Cincinnati baseball executive. Lyle Clarno and George Levis are salesmen; Nick Kearns is in the hotel business; John Getchell works in the bond business; Dick Bray and George Higgin are radio announcers.
Purdue Dads Will Meet
Bowling Tourney Finalists Chosen
In Indianapolis Hotel
Purdue Dads of the central Indiana area will gather at Indianapolis, Saturday evening, March 26, to participate in a get-acquainted party, H. S. Morse, president of the association, announced this week. The dinner, which will be held at the Marott Hotel, will include several prominent Purdue faculty members who will give short talks at the banquet. Speakers from the University will include: Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, Assistant Dean of Men W. M. Knapp, and Colonel C. S. Blakely head of the Purdue Military Department.
After Six
It’s Full Dress that leads today. Or, should your needs be for a Tuxedo, we can furnish you with meticulously tailored gar-
ments either ready-to-wear or custom-tai-lored.
Tuxedos $25 up "Tails” $30 up
See Our Spring Cus-tom-Tailored Suitings
LENTEN TREAT
There’s one thing you just can’t do without during Lent and that’s plenty of Hot Cross Buns. Everyone likes them and everyone asks for them.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W.L
Pi kappa Alpha’s Win First Annual Frat Rifle Match
Displaying excellent marksmanship, the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity rifle team won the first annual in-ter-fraternity 3-man rifle championship yesterday afternoon, scoring 578 points out of a possible 600. The SPE’s came in second with a team score of 575 and following them were the Sigma Chi’s with a total of 641 points. The ATO team did not show up, automatically forfeiting their chances.
Gophers Down Frosh In
Telegraphic Track Meet
With the qualifying round of the inter-fraternity bowling tournament finished. Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Upsilon, and Sigma Nu hold the four positions in the finals bracket.
J. Amt, a PiKA riflemen, took individual honors with a total score of 195. G. A. Knapp of the SPE team followed close behind him with 194 points. The champs will receive a trophy and each member of the team will be awarded a gold medal.
Ward Riflemen To
Start Match Today
Ward riflemen will take up their shooting irons this afternoon from 1:30 to 5:00 in an effort to amass a score which will admit them into the finals of the Ward rifle tournament.
Just four points meant the difference between victory and defeat in Purdue’s freshman telegraphic track meet with Minnesota last week-end, as they scored 45 points only to be topped by the Gophers 49. Five first places were filled by Boilermakers, as well as five seconds and six thirds. Czvizler won the 440 yard dash for Purdue, and Reeves took the two-mile, the mile relay team carried off top honors and Holderman proved to be the individual star by winning both the half-mile and the mile. Holderman’s times in his two events were the most impressive in the whole meet, being 1:58.2 for the half mile and 4:25.1 for the mile. Verink also proved to be a mainstay to the Gold and Black squad as he took second in the high jump, tied for second in the 60 yard dash, and took third in the broad jump.
The Beta’s top the scoring with a total of 4709 pins for the nine games bowled by the three-man team. The 4680 score of the SPE’s holds second, with the DU’s third at 4571, and Sigma Nu fourth with 4413.
From these preliminary matches, the eight men with the highest scores will continue on to fire again in another competition to decide the medalists, who will be the top three men in this final elimination. Everyone who is interested in competing in his ward should report to the Men’s Gymnasium at the time mentioned above. No preliminary signing up is necessary. Ammunition can be purchased at the range, with the rifles being furnished free of charge.
Play Frosh-Yarsity
Squash Meet Today
The initial contests of the ninegame final round will be bowled this afternoon at 1:30 on the Lafayette Alleys. The winning fraternity will receive a trophy.
SQUASH First round all-campus handicap squash. Knoll vs. Captain. Lucek vs. Eberhard. Munro vs. Karr. Alexander vs. Ferris. Sokolowski vs. Gardner. Linn vs. Fields. Michel vs. Juve. Clevett vs. Jackson. Matches to be played over the week-end.
Squash will make its last stand of the year during the next two weeks, with an all-campus tournament, and freshman-varsity match starting today, and the Indiana-Kentucky AAU tournament scheduled for March 26 and 27 at Indianapolis. The freshman-varsity match will be played on the town courts at Eighth and Main streets in Lafayette this afternoon, and some of the all-campus matches will be played at the same time. Michel, Captain, Eberhart, Alexander, Munro, Blitz, Karr, and Noll will compose the varsity team to face the freshman team of Messmore, Clevett, Smith, Fant, Welch, Shumway, Patrick, Thayer, Richardson, and Brick.
Foreign Pliysicisf
Will Speak Tonight
BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Juillard 1:30—D-2 vs. D-4. l:46^E-4 vs. E-2. 2:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. TEP or Alpha Gamma Rho. Court 2—Lupear 1:30—P-4 vs. F-2. 1:45—S-2 vs. S-4. 2:00—Theta Chi vs. Beta Theta Pi.
BOWLING FINALS —Today— 1:30—Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Upsilon, and Sigma Nu. No postponements will be allowed. Teams not showing up for the competition will be eliminated from the tourney.
Dr. Marcel Schein, of the University of Prague, Czechoslovakia, will speak to Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary, this evening. His address, titled “Electron Excitation in Crjrstals,” will begin at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of the Physics Building. Dr,^ Schein was formerly at the University of Zurich where he discovered a new method for detecting resonance radiation. Other of his achievements have been his discovery of the photon counter, and invention of instruments so sensitiveT that a single light quantum can be measured.
All-Campus Ping Pong All-campus ping pong will start next Tuesday. Sign up on the bulletin board outside of the intramural office. —CLEVETT.
3Uuoti. and. GARDEN SUPPLIES
For a beautiful lawn and garden this spring or summer, fertilize and sow your seed now!
FERTILIZER ARMOUR’S GARDEN AND LAWN FERTILIZER
25 lbs., $1.15 50 lbs., $1.75 100 lbs., $3.00
GRASS SEED Try Our High Test Fancy Blue Grass Jb. 85o
MOORE & KEMPLE HDWE. CO.
PHONE 2577
NORTH SIDE SQUAREI
3^caL (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yiojticSA,
Saturday, March 12, 1938
Catherine Bell Will Give Piano Recital In Union Tomorrow Catherine Bell, rising young pianist, will pre=:cnt the i egular Sunday aftei noon pi ogi am in the music 1 oom of the Ijiiion Building Sunday. Miss Bell IS a member of the faculty of the Bomar Cramer Studios of Indianapolis. Miss Bell is 20 years of age and a native of Indiana. She received her early training in Elvood and has worked under Dr. Cramer for the past eight years. A few weeks ago Miss Bell made her professional debut to Indianapolis at the Indiana World War Memorial, and met with excellent success. The Indianapolis press received her very enthusiastically at her first appearance, and predicted a colorful future for her. The program will be held in the Music Room of the Union Building at the usual time, 4:00 p. m. The program follows: —I.— Jesus Christ, the Son of God Bach-Rummell Arioso . Bach-Barth Prelude and Fugue, A Minor Bach-Lizt —II.— Garden Music Niemann Nocturne, Op. 27, No. 2 Chopin Etude, Op. 10, No. 5 Chopin Two Etudes Debussy (Conflicting Tonalities-Chords). —III.— Intermezzo, Op. 116, No. 6 Brahms Capriccio, Op. 76, No. 1 Brahms Intermezzo, Op. 117, No. 2 Brahms Capriccio, Op. 116, No. 7 Brahms Dr. E. C. Young Addresses Evening Class Graduates At graduation exercises for 70 members of Rensselaer’s adult evening class recently. Dr. E. C. Young, of the University farm management department, gave the main address. He discussed important considerations influencing farmers in the wise use of capital and credit on Indiana farms.
Wesley Foundation Will Discuss World Peace Wesley Foundation’s World Peace Committee will hold a discussion Sunday evening at 8 o’clock for students who have religious scruples against war. The committee, which is composed of Max Barrows, Helen Howard, and Richard Culp, will lead a discussion on peace action in the present crisis following Harold Gi’ay’s review of his own book “Character Bad.” Mr. Gray objects to war, and as a result of his refusal to answer the draft of the World War, he spent 14 months in Leavenworth prison.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America. Salaried positions. No special expei’ience necessary. Send dime (handling charge )today for astonishing information. South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louisiana.
LOST—Van Buren wrist watch in Michael Golden Shops. Reward. Call 66982 after 6 p. m.
WASHING AND IRONING Student or family. Phone 41584.
FOR RENT—Room, with single beds. $10. Telephone 35764.
TENNIS — Badminton, Squash racquets restrung. Armoui, Victor, Juneman stiings. Carl Strassei, 1710 Eveiett street. Phone 7332.
THE PERSON—Who has my EE 4 book is known. Please leave at Union desk. No questions asked. R. Dingle.
ROOM AND BOARD—In nice home for two students at 317 Chauncey avenue.
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC' Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTITS Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DK. BABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119^2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Hardtmre
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Printing
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"^Office SUUoncry , Wedding Invitatloni
phone ' Sale. Book,, Etc... 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
Jewelry —■
R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LTLEE.FISHEE WATCHMAKER ThiB is all we do, but we do it welL Wallace Block 322 Ferry SL Opposite Post Office
— Florist — Dormer’s Flower Shop Qutdity Flower* Main at 7th Phone 6050 —Plumbing — Free Estimates Phono 7044 Widener & Sering Fumaco and Plumbing 115 E. State West Lafayette —- Locksmith CARTER tor Kojr* — Loefca — General Bepnlrlns Knife and Bciiaor Grindinc New L.C JI. Mid Norton Ooor Checka Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Shoe Repair —- BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop tn tho VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Purdue Foresters Plan Annual Dinner Sponsored by the Forestry Club, the annual Foresters’ Banquet will be held Wednesday, March 23, at 6 p. m., in the home economics cafeteria. Members of the local conservation club and persons interested may make reservations for tickets by calling G. C. Romeisen at 3246.
moval of incompletes and conditions in descriptive geometry will be held Saturday, March 12, at 1 p. m., in room 308 of the CE Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to March 12. —BORSCH.
Triton Club: All members who are taking part in the penny carnival please meet in Women’s Gymnasium Saturday morning, March 12, at 11 o’clock. —WALKER. —TUBBS
Catholic Students: “The Retreat,” under the guidance of the two deans from Loyola University, will be held this Saturday and Sunday, March 12 and 13. The first instruction will begin at 1:30 p. m. on Saturday. —VON HARZ.
WAA: Class basketball practices will be held Monday and Tuesday, March 14 and 16. Freshmen and seniors at 4 p. m. ; sophomores and juniors at 4 :30 p. m. —MORRIS.
to the foUowing schedule: D-2 vs. D-4 on court 1 at 1:30 p. m. ; E-2 vs. E-4 on court 1 at 1:46 p. m , F-2 vs. F-4 on court 2 at 1:30 p. m., S-2 vs. S-4 on court 2 at 1:46 p. m. It is important that these games be played promptly. —PICKERING
History, Government Makeups: Conditional and Incomplete removal exams in history, economics and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at_l p. m. in room 313 of the Recitation Building.^ Make application in history office, Recitation Building, before March 19. —ESTEY.
PIA Orchestra: Practice in tower room of the Union Building at 7 p. m. Friday, March 13. —SHINN.
Reamer Club: Reception for pledges on Tuesday, March 16, at 8 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Every member be present —ROSS.
Notices Mo Notices Accepted After t pj
PIA: Applications for positions will be considered starting Thursday, March 10. All members interested call at the PIA office between 4 and 5 p. m. any afternoon to learn qualifications. (8-18) —SCHLUNDT.
New Jersey Students: Meeting Sunday, March 13 in reception room. Union, at 2:30 p. m. Plans will be discussed for running a summer dance for residents of New Jersey. —GAETY.
Student Senate: Peffel, Jacobi, Keck, Schumacher, and Elliott meet in the Student Senate office Monday, March 14, at 4 p. m. —ROHYANS. H Student Senate: Meeting Tuesday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m in the Senate office. —ROHYANS.
Scabbard and JBlade Pledges: oet cutlasses from me at the Beta Sigma Psi house. (3-16) —MAAHS.
WSGA: Girls who haven’t filled In activities blanks please come into WSGA office between 4 and 6 p. m. any afternoon before Saturday, March 19. —JONES.
Forestry Club: Tickets for the Foresters’ Banquet on Wednesday, March 23, may be obtained from me now. Class representatives please note. —ROMEISER.
Mechanical Engineers: ME students who intend to join the ASMS must do so before Tuesday, March 15. No applications will be accepted after this date. Apply at Prof. G. A. Young’s office for applications. —CLUTTER.
S-2 Battery Basketball: Do not play Thursday, March 10, as scheduled. Game will be played Saturday, March 12, at 1:46. Report early. —COEN.
PIA: Stags will be allowed at the Tea Dance Saturday, March 12. Sign up in PIA office before noon Saturday, —PARKHURST.
ROTC Basketball: Teams whose games were postponed from Thursday, March 10, to Saturday, March 12, will play according
Senior Home Economics ^Stadents: Girls taking option A who care to take the physical examination report to the Student Health Service Monday, March 14, at 4 p. m. —SMITH. Of Thee I Sing Ensemble: Short meeting in Fowler Hall at 8 :S0 p. m. today. Full attendance necessary. —OAEMICHAEL.
PIA Tea Dance: Stag line for Saturday, March 12, is not yet filM. Call at PIA office in person between 4 and 6:80 any afternoon. All young ladies are invited to come unescorted without signing up. —PARKHURST.
Glider Club: Short business meeting in Riflery: Correction—Meeting for team candidates will be held Sunday, March 13, at 9 a. m. at rifle range in the Fieldhouse. —HOLMES.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P. M- 11 and P. M. 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., Wednesday, March 16. —RISING.
Chemistry 1 and 2: Condition examinations will be given Saturday, March 12, 1-4 p. m., room 101, Education Building. Make application at room 210, Chemistry Building, before March 12. —MARTIN, ALLEN.
Newman Club: Meeting of the discussion group Tuesday, March 16, at 7 :00 p. m. in room A of Union —McCONAHAY.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th. —BINDER University Orchestra: No rehearsal this this week. (3-12) —PHILLIPS.
PM 16 Conditions: Examinations for re-
Clothes Live Longer When cleaned regularly by Crown’s scientific methods. Buy GOOD clothes and you automatically cut down on your clothes budget —have them Crown Cleaned regularly and you have made a common sense investment.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
Mr. Merchant;
PURDUE EXPONENT
AWMEN fo ie fact that Purdue students are still potential buyers of merchandise and services. Recession supposedly has hit industrialists and those connected with industry . . . BUT, if has not hit the Purdue students. Sett your merchandise, services, name—or, create cfoodwill and a reputation.. Each, or all, can be done by an ad in The EXPONENT. Phone 5038
It
n