r.r
' 1.. ^
R-''% Vt^^'-i * ^ ‘ ■^ ' >' V . ^ .f, Jr -^ ,~ rf ‘ * ^ '
/|« r
X ::pk ' '‘^h ''
•f
'''' .-X-v
/l\
^/|
OThe Puffiue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVtll
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1936
Armory Will Be Scene Of First Convo Monday Limited Seating Capacity Of Gym Leads To Change; Earhart, McCutcheon, Others To Speak Final plans for the initial convocation of the 63rd University y^ar, which will he held at 7:30 Monday evening in the Armory, «^ere completed, yesterday by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president. The change was made from the Memorial Gymnasium to the Armory because of the large increase in enrollment and the limited seating facilities of the gymnasium. The Armory will seat more than 6,000. Amelia Earhart, noted aviatrix and University staff iilembers, will head the list of speakers nn the program including John T. McCutcheon, ’89, a cartoonist for the Chicago Tribune who will preside. Other speakers are Pres. E. C. Elliott, David! E. Ross, president of the board of trustees, and Noble Kizer, athletic director. James Shoemaker, president of the Student Union, will represent the student body.
Baritone Solos
Edward Nell, ’21 mechanical engineering graduate, who started a musical career in the Harlequin club during his student days, and since has been prominent in grand opera, has promised several baritone solos. He will be accompanied at the piano by Mrs. C* Haven Smalley, of West
Lafayette.
Besides these features. Prof. Paul S. Emrick will have the band out for its first appearance of the academic year; A. P. Stewart will lead the entire assemblage in songs, and George W. Burnell, Jr., cheer leader, will direct the yells.
Convo Tickets
Convocation tickets issued to the student body at time of registration will serve to admit all students to the sessions, and a special block of seats for the faculty has been print-
ed and are being distributed from Students will dance to the rhythm the president’s office. They may’4>e<i«^^ Jack Russell and his fourteen-
Obtaiiifd today or Monday bj^.facJ ulty paembcrs who do not yet have
them.
Besides the student tickets and those for faculty, a limited number of seats will be available to the general public.
Sixty Freshman Musicians Join University Band Sixty men from a group of more than one hundred freshmen have been selected to fill the vacancies in the IP University’s “All American” band. Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the organization, stated that this year’s turnout of freshmen musicians displayed musical talent of much greater skill than the average freshman instrumentalist. Football fans will have their first opportunity to hear and see this new organization when the band presents several new formations at the Ohio University game next Saturday.
Take it easy on the curves. A survey shows that traffic accidents happen on curves 21 times as often as on the straight-away.
Ruth Bryan Owen, who will speak in the Lafayette Armory at 2 p. m. today, was the first United States Congresswoman and the first woman foreign minister from this country.
Russell WiU
Play For Mixer
Veteran Orchestra Leader Will Bring Varied Selection Band
piece'brcheStra St tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. The band comes to the campus after a long engagement at the Jefferson hotel, in St. Louis, and from here it will continue on a tour
through Michigan.
Mr. Russell is an old timer among orchestra leaders, having conducted several other organizations before his present aggregation. His style IS not along one particular line, but includes a well varied selection of numbers including swing, waltz time, jazz, and just plain rhythm. The price of admission will be one
dollar per couple.
FRESHMEN!
All freshmen desiring to work on the Exponent, either advertising, circulation, sports, co-ed, or editorial staffs, will meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 2. All sophomores who desire to work this year and the entire Exponent staff must be present at this meeting. This is important. MORRIS.
/
Eleven Co-eds C^i *^Private^^ Phone To Pacify Party Line Patrons
By Doroithea Justin A shiny new telephone is now upstairs in a rooming house on Andrew Place. It has a private number, on a private line, and the eleven co-eds who are paying for it are delighted. Bzz, bzz, buzz ... So went the telephone line of that house on Andrew Place the week during registration. “May I have the line, please?” was an oft repeated query made by persons on that line. The reason?—eleven co-eds wer,e living in a house on that party line. Sweet Sayings The girls did their best to alleviate the situation, but when Dick, or Bill, or some other engineer called, what was a girl to do? And every time, the co-ed disliked the probable possibility that some middle-aged citizen was^ enjoying her dulcet “Now, honey,” as much as boy friend Harry. Then, too, it was trying for the lady next door to lift her receiver and hear that the movies would be
grand, when that good lady had wanted to tell her husband that the iron wouldn’t heat. A husband on that line had his troubles, too. In phoning from the office, he usually encountered the bpsy signal. He then had to go home to say he would be detained at the office, or his wife might refuse to believe he had thoug^it of calling. ' Disappointment But the worst luck fell to the engineer or ag student who had promised to call one of the girls at a certain time, ^nd found the line busy. The co-ed waiting eagerly for the call, lifted the receiver to hear others on the party line having a friendly discourse oft hay fever. Eleven co-eds on a party line-—it was a heck of a situation! So the gleaming bakelite instrument in that upstairs rooming house now ^ings only for eleven girls, and the only problem left is which one gets to talk first.
Ruth B. Owen Speaks Today In Lafayette Ex-Minister To Denmark Will Give Address At 2 In Armory Mrs. Ruth Bryan Owen, the first woman to represent the United States in a foreign country, will give an address in the Lafayette Armory, 9th and Union Streets, at 2 o’clock this afternoon. ^he recently resigned as minister to Denmark, and, since her return to the United States, has offered her services to the Democratic national committee for the reelection of President Roosevelt. Mrs. Owen will be traveling in a trailer, and will be accompanied by her husband. Captain Boerge Rhode, of the court of King Christian of Denmark. Inherits Eloquence The eldest daughter of William Jennings Bryan, Mrs. Owen is said to have inherited some of her father’s eloquence, and first won recognition as an orator. ^ As a young woman she worked with him in his political campaigns and assisted in publishing his newspaper, “The Great Commoner”. Later she conducted a nation-wide lecture tour of her own, and in 1926 taught public speaking at the University of Miami. Congresswoman When she was elected to congress in 1929 from the fourth Florida district, she was not only the first woman representative from the south, but in a short time was the first woman to be named on the foreign relations committee of the House. Mrs. Owen is a member of the League of American Pen Women, the Business and Professional Wom^en’s club. Daughters of the American Revolution, Women’s Overseas League, and the National Council of Child Welfare. A fifteen mimlte musical program has been arranged to precede the lecture, which will begin promptly at 2 o’clock. The public is invited to attend the address. There will be no charge.
Crops Field Day Tuesday Specialists To Discuss Corn, Soybeans University specialists will answer questions pertaining to all phases of corn and soy bean production at the Com and Soy Bean Field day meeting at the University Soils and Crop farm next Tuesday, starting at 9 o’clock. As rapidly as visitors arrive at the farm, located east of Lafayette on State Road 26, they will be taken to see the experimental work dealing with rate, distance and time of planting of corn, with emphasis on corn borer control. Included in the tour will also be the varietal tests of old and new soy bean varieties for hay and seed pro duction. Special consideration will be given the whole subject of seed corn selection and storage during the afternoon session. Due to the unprecedented cold winter of 1935-36, a small carryover of corn fit for seed is reported. Agronomy specialists are urging Indiana farmers to make the best possible use of this year’s corn crop for seed purposes, preventing a possible disaster to next year’s corn crop.
KUMftER 6
Glen W. Martip Will Command
Amelia Earhart Arrives Today In Test Plane
Newman Club Plans* Season Activities The University Newman club, with the largest enrollment of freshmen in its history, will go to communion on the third Sunday of every month at St. Mary’s church, after which a breakfast will be held. Among other activities planned for the year are two big dances, weiner roasts, and picnics. The officers elected for the comipg year are: president, Richard Carton; vice president, Paul lieed; women’s vice president, Virginia Kun^el; and treasurer, Charles Kelsey.
Flying from Los Angeles in her “flying laboratory” to head the program of speakers at the convocation Monday night, Amelia Earhart will arrive at the University airport some time this afternoon. Miss Earhart left Los Angeles early this morning, but probably will not get in till late since she loses two hours from time change on the trip. ccb She has beeii4esting her plane, a Lockheed Vega) in Los Angeles at the Lockhe^ factory. She flew east a short time ago and participated in the Bendix National Air Race, coming in fifth with a plane not equippied for racing, r
pecker Shows Improvement Malaska Also Better; No Complications Have Developed Lowell Decker showed slight improvement throughout yesterday, according to reports from St. Elizabeth hospital, where he is being treated fot burns suffered in the dressing room fire Saturday. Pat Malaska was considerably improved, the reports stated. No complications have developed in either case, but physicians are watching them closely to check such, complications.
University Corps Senior Cadet Officers Receive Appointments; Five Colonels Select^ Glen W. Martin, M. E. ’37, has been appointed cadet colonel and selected brigade commander of the Univeraity B. 0. T. C. corps, according to an announcement released yesterday by Captain B. 1^. Hayford, adjutant, by order of Lieutenant Colonel Brewer. Appointments for all other senior positions in
the
Mass Meeting In Jeff Gym Arch Ward Heads List Of Speakers At Loyalty Session Thursday Students, merchants and townspeople of West Lafayette, Lafayette and Tippecanoe county will pledge their loyalty to the University and to the Boilermaker gridiron eleven at a mass meeting to be held at 7:30 Thursday night in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, heads the list of speakers for the meeting. Other editors and several coaches have been approached but definite arrangements for them have not been made as yet. Merchants of this county will sign loyalty pledges to stand back of the team and support the University. About 1,000 placards advertising the mass meeting and urging student and townspeople to attend will be distributed tomorrow.
This Test Baffles Psychologists University studchits rather prize themselves upon their mental and visual alertness. How good is your sight and perception ? Try yourself with the following test. Scrutinize carefully the following sentence and state how many F’s, either large or smqll, it contains. “The famoae glossy finish is the result of scientific study combined with the experioiiee years.” Psychologist and educators throughout the country have exhibited an unusual ihterest in this test. Many of them have fallen down on it. In case you are still wondering, there are five F’s in the seWence. Uook it over again.
Buvns Improves Benton H. Bums, fiOd Evergreen St., freshman in the forestry school, was reported yesterday to be much improved from bums suffered when he stepped into a pan of boiling water Thursday. He will be able to attend classes within a few days.
corps were made at the
same time.
Five cadet colonels were selected. The other four are J. M. Baker, C. E. ’37; M. E. Love, E. E. '37; W. E. Winter, M. E. ’37; and L. F. Lischer, E. E. ’37. Glen Martin is a member of Phi Kappa Psi social fraternity, and is a member of Tau Beta Pi and Pi Tau Sigma, engineering honorary societies. He is the president of the Student Senate and also a member of Scabbard and Blade, military honorary fraternity. Baker, who will command the first regiment, is a member of Phi Gamma Delta. He has won his letter in pistol competition and was recently appointed manager of the team. He is a member of Chi Epsilon, Alpha Phi Omega, Scabbard and Blade and P. O. M. M. He is also a distinguished student. M. E. Love, who has been selected to command the second regiment, is a member of Phi Delta Theta social fraternity. He also belongs to P. O. M. M., Scabbard and Blade, Eta Kappa Nu and Tau Beta Pi. Winter, the commander of the third regiment, is the president of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity and a member of the Fraternity President’s Council. He is also a member of Scabbard and Blade and P.
O. M. M..
L. F. Lischer, the colonel of the fourth regiment, hewly formed because of increased enrollment is not organized. He is a member of Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary society, and Scabbard and Blade. Cadet Lieutenant Colonel F. Milner is the new brigade executive. All staff organizations were published with the announcement of appointments. Following are lists of other senior cadet officer appointments: Cadet Lieutenant Colonel O. W. Buenting, J. A. Kany, J. R. Wergin, J. E. Burroughs, J. W. Wright, D. N. Wait, W. F. Luginbill, F. Milner, P. C. Wray, E. W. (Continued on page 4)
University To Pay McGannon Final Tribute St. Mary^s Catholic Chiirch To Hold Mem-
orial Serviced
As a final tribute to the memory of Tom McGannon, brilliant University backfield star, who died early Thursday morning as a\ result of Saturday’s tragic fire, special memorial funeral services will be held at St. Mary’s Catholic church, Twelftli and Columbia Streets, Lafayette, at 9 o’clock Monday morning, the same time that the actual funeral services will be in progress at Evansville. The services will be open to students, faculty members, and townspeople who desire to attend. At the services, which will not ceed an hour. Father Michael At Chapman will sing requiem funeral
AChS To Hear Dr. Whitmore Arrange Luncheon For Speaker Monday Noon Dr. F. C. Whitmore, dean of chemistry and physics at Pennsylvania State College, will addres§ the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society at its first meeting of the semester Monday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Dr. Whitmore, who is a Harvard graduate, will speak on “Polymerization”. The society will honor Dean Whitmore at a luncheon in the Memorial Union Building at 12:15 o’clock prior to the afternqon meeting. Reservations for the luncheon may be made through C. L. Shrewsbury in the Ag Experiment Station, at 60 cents per plate. Reservations must be in by 12 o’clock today.
Frosh Dance Draws 1^500 Students About 1,600 students managed to get freshman cards and attenfi the frosh mixer last night. Starting to arrive at 9, the crowd was still pourr ing through the doors at 10. Exp<»qent editors Hunt and Mots ris and Union Prexy Shoemaker donated their proficiency in recognizing upi>erGlassmett, and guarded the door, probably keeping a few nonrhinies out. Bud Bryant and his 12-piece band playing in crowded quarters furnished music for the mob.
There will be a memorial service for Tommy McGannon at St. Mary’s church, at 9 a. m. Monday, September 21. Stndents attending this service will be excused from their cIs M. L. FISHER, Dean dt Men.
mass and conduct memorial services following. Father Leo A. Pursl«y, chaplain of the Catholic students at Purdue, will deliver a memorial address. . University Pause In addition to the services at the church, which wiU be attended by members of the football squad, Phi Kappa fraternity, members of the athletic department, faculty pnd staff members, and a host of other friends of the dead athlete. University activities as a whole will come to a standstill at 9 o’clock while taps are sounded by trumpeteers from the Purdue band. McGannon’s body, escorted by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director and head football coach, was tnpuisported to Evansville early yesterday morning. In addition to Kizer, Umversity will he represen^ffi td the funeral Monday by other memhers of the coaehHig staff apd Captain George Bell and other teammates. The alnupp associathm wBI he officially represented by J. Bain, ’07 graduate, who is president of the Tri-State Pnrdue dnh at Evansville.
Faculty Memli^rs Attend Bartlett Rites About 26 University representatives. attended the funeral service of Prof. George M. Bartlett, formerly of the mechanical engineering department, who died Wednesday, at the Planner and Buchanan funeral home in Indianapolis srestexdafFrom Indianapolis Hie body was sent to Brooklyn, N. Y., for burial. Among those in attpnetanoe wero Dean and Mrs. A. A. Potter, Prof, and Mrs. F. C. HbckeiOii^ H. E. Abbett, Mrs. P. E. 'Priholet, Prof, and Mrs. G. A. Young, Prof, and Mrs. H. M. JaeWin, Prof, H.G. Vene. mann. Prof, and Bfts^ G. W. Munro, Mrs, Scotherg, Dr. and Mrs. Porl»r, Prof, and Mrs. L. V. Ludy, Prof, and Mrs. A. W. Cole, Prof. J. W. Ge^ Prof, and Mrs. G, W. «»d Mr.andMrs.J.W.Ranb.
Death sta^Es the h^hwsys alter darkl Although fbnr-flfths of alt.‘ auto atmdents happen dwrina ^ day, one-lmh^ of oR ^thRties after sun down. i
I }(iM
L ‘ .. rlf A i i, *• n uW
^ ii !V, ' ' * \h' \ -< ' ', 'Mi?.?'’ .VM' ^
,-^ ^ , ,till iii„^ii.wKj.iiipipypywp^pyy^wy^yTwwyiw^wppwpiiBpippwiwiwiwpipwwwiipiiiipwwipwwwwpwpiipillf^^ THE;,Px;EPt;E Ex'PONiiNt.7:V.1,.'•’
Si/'
S|P.' St‘ '4- /,
:i'
i •
I '
I!'; ■t i
»
1 \ I,
P^‘
-i
i ^ “ h. “ V’l
If 'if’f
W''
i«v/.
The Editor Says
Our Platform This year for the first time the Exponent is printing its platform. In years past we have had definite beliefs on various subjects, but this year we are going to come out of hiding and advocate the things we believe in. I think that this is a real step forward. At present our platform contains only four points; over twenty others are under consideration, and may be included in weeks to come. Now you may ask, what does the Exponent intend to do to aid in the adoption of these things? A fair question indeed, but I have an answer. Starting next week, this column will present discussions of each of the several planks. As, and if, others appear, they will also be discussed in turn. I hope that definite action may be secured through our programs, because action is certainly needed. The readers will be of much assistance to me if they submit their opinions so that I may determine just how the campus feels toward the ideas which we are backing.
Why Be An Amateur This summer the Amateur Athletic Union “made” the headlines constantly. MOst of the publicity was unfavorable to the organization, so much so that many people began to wonder, and are now still wondering, if amateurism is really worth anything. For years and years all athletes have been classed as amateurs or professionals, with no middle ground. True, there are the so-called semi-pros, but the A. A. U. calls them professionals. The difference between an amateur and a pro supposedly is that the latter is paid for his athletic competition, while the former receives no monetary return except “expense money” occasionally. It is this expense money, so-called, that has led to much of the fuss, especially in the recent Olympic games. The athletes are requested, and often almost forced, to play, run, or compete for the United States, the good old school, or the South Seventh Street A. C. Many amateurs do nothing else the year round but engage in their particular brand of sport, especially golf, or tennis. If they are not financially independent, they must depend upon sports backer^ or “expense” allowances to live. Making play their work, they may still be called amateurs. But occasionally someone oversteps the all too indefinite botmdary. Some who have taken newspaper jobs have been barred; others have kept their amateur standing. Once in a while an athlete is suspended for not obeying the dogmatic orders of some of the “big bosses” of the A, A. U., as in the case of Jesse Owens, who was barred merely because he did nqt want to compete in certain meets. There is also opportunity for graft in the various amateur sport associations. Many officials have been accused of requiring exceptionally high “sanction” or other fees. Very little has been proven regarding this,'however. Then there is the class of players who are called amateurs but who are, in actuality, paid for their efforts. Certain college athletes come under this classification, as do some of the softball players and members of other teams sponsored by industrial concerns. Amateurism, therefore, can be placed on trial under these counts:
1. Many amateurs are actually paid. 2. Improper restrictions are often placed upon amateurs. 3. There is opportunity for graft, and probably there is actually graft occasionally. 4. If amateurs work as hard as professionals, why should they not be recompensed ? 5. Why should there be any distinction between two athletes who do the same things for a paying audience ? ''
These five points cannot be answered entirely satisfactorily. The distinction between amateur and pro was probably originally started to separate two classes of competition—good and indifferent. That separation no longer has any meaning; in golf, for example, there are hundreds of tournaments in which both compete. Unless a radical reorganization of the whole amateur setup is effected in the near future, the distinction will mean little. If changes are not made, there is no reason for preserving a system which now seems so antiquated.
tS^lie $ttrbae exponent
Founded in 1883 a
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Measber of National CoUege Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association ExclnaiTdy Bepresented by National AdvertisinE Sendee, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the i>OBt office, Lafayette, In diana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 'cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief. w. T. Hunt JitonagingJWrtor- E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, 0, L, Sadler
SPORTS STAFF
Bports E^tor. - —
Associate Sports Editors—,
— L, D. Wood
W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Managw-.....--.......'.— r. j. Hulse National AdveridsinK Manager _l. h. Brown laical Advertising Manager........^ ,......D, C. Miller CMrenlation Haniiger....„ j. p. Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF IBdltc^....-..-—.... -Helen Creech Advertising Manager... ....Betty Barnett Aaapeiate Editorsw^ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth i^ke
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER Ths oiwat vM tut Mturn* tttpamtMitii for the ofMeiif mteei tn UUt eetuttm. Such ofMeiu etc telelf Aote the wHter.
The Remnant This nation once labored for more than a decade under a noble experiment, so-called. Eventually the popular opposition to prohibition mounted to the point where repeal was indicated'and accomplished. Ground work for the original imposition of anti-liquor laws was laid by a number of fapatics on the subject, who are by no means out of the picture today. Many of the present anti-repealists are members of the Prohibition party—yes, it still exists. Though much in the minority, they are vigorous in their con•victions, coming forth at all sorts of odd times to expound their beliefs. Quick to defend their party against any and all accusations, their writings are to be seen in almost evpy newspaper under some such heading as “Voice of* the People”. Not yet convinced that their cause is unpopular—and it isn’t in more than a few localities—^they are rabid in their determination to get this country back on the straight anci narrow. I want neither to argue the liquor question nor poke fun at these ardent souls; this remnant of what was once a great army must be admired for its courage. And it is not entirely impossible that they may at least bring about a great reformation in the liquor business. Too, their ranks are in actuality larger than they may seem, because many Republicans and Democrats are in sympathy with their aims. But I don’t think that we of the younger generation ever need fear a liquor shortage—^at least not while we are still young.
Studies Are Not Everything
MARY BEKO, HELEN’S little sister, is being welcomed into the arms of the Uftiversity—the way Sig’s SPENCER, WRIGHT, and OBENCHAIN seem to follow her Around it is more the arms of Sigma Chi . . . RUTH JEAN CARR and Sig LIGHT have used the.kCross of Sigma Chi as a bond for their merger . . . the date bureau is having trouble keeping its freshmen proteges from taking the well known walk-out powder—^it seems that a few of the “I GOT IT” freshmen in WRH didn’t wait to see whether they had dates or not the other night, and thus a few worthy young men were sadly disappointed when their promised dates couldn’t be found . . .
I like Purdue It makes me feel anew To study here With little beer Let’s go home.
The two Pi Phi rushees mentioned in 'yesterday’s column were SPE’s BILL SCHMICK and BILL ANDERSON—^it all started on a dare made by UNION Vice-Prexy JEAN PERKINS . . . RAIN-BARREL LOMMEL is making violent love to little blonde MILDRED BAUER ...
A couple of years ago Max McConn wrote a book called “Studies Are Not Everything: The Diary of a Freshman.” The picture Mr. McConn paints through his mythical character who tells all to Dear Diary is not very flattering; freshmen are honest but oh-so-dumb; well-intentioned but so unaware; happy, clean, decent—^naive, uninformed, egotistical. The saddest part of Mr. McConn’s rollicking study is that it is all too true. When the freshman horde comes bursting on the campus, full of enthusiasm, upperclassmen ■vsdth a philosophical bent are inclined to wonder. Each freshman class is the hope for the future, and when the future becomes the present it is notoriously black. The ever-present issue in the freshman mind is studies vs. activities. We have one fact, the fruit of long experience, to add to your already large collection of data on the subject. There are very few cases of students who die of chronic grinditis. There are never any l6ng lines of pale and wan students waiting outside psychiatrists’ offices for treatment of the study-habit disease. In other words, activities somehow manage to take care of themselves. Studies don’t. If balance is not maintained, you can bet your freshman cap that activities is the lion, studies the mouse. ' With tears in our eyes, we say that you, freshmen, are the one who suffers when you reassure yourkelf that studies are not everything. If you find yourself getting a lean and hungry look, that you are getting a bleary, haunted expression, it’s probably due to late dates eight nights a week, not to excess erudition. Not only will activities take care of themselves, but you will find that the activities you have engaged in fit your personality to suit the most exacting Doris Blake. Play safe then. Study. Study until you feel that if you read another word they will have to put you in a strait-jacket. Then go out and get drunk oy run around the block—or go to work on ^ur activities. At the end of the year you may discover yourself to be a much more sane and knowing individual.—Daily Northwestern.
Frosh Dance Dirt in order to keep her name out of this year’s B & B CARY VAUGHN tried all evening to vamp editor BILL HUNT—^it was of no avail . . . LOUISE SCHICKLER outclassed all other females at the dance when she sat at the round table in the cafeteria with no less than fifteen males ... there were several gals at the dance who did not wish to be tagged so they stated that they were married.
It seems that MARTHA SPRING, Alpha Chi’s wonder woman, has taken BILL McNAUGHTON right out of the arms of LOUISE SMITH — this same SMITH has even gone out for UNION and actually worked in order to be closer to her BILL—^but to no avail ... is MARGARET RICHEY, Kappa problem child, wearing or not wearing that Skull House pin she has been bragging about so much lately ????... pet peeve—are these split skirts, that many presuming co-eds have been wearing, dresses or are they pants—^they remind your editor of pajamas in an abbreviated form . . . MAURICE BOUTON, whose little Alpha Xi, Audrey Cason, has gone south to school is certainly giving the rest of the sisters an awful rush in the absence of his one passion . . . blonde JUNE STEWART, whose heart is set on wearing a Kappa key some day, is on the lookout for two fraternity pins to wear alongside that hopedfor key—she wouldn’t be satisfied with just one pin ... '
Communism in France is not against private ownership of property or even industry; it is only oiiposed to capital property, to big business and the trusts.— Maurice Thorez, prominent French Communist leader, in a speech at Paris, July 17, 1936.
So-called “free love” is bourgeois through and through, and has nothing to do with either socialist principle or with the ethics and habits of the Soviet person.—Pravada, Soviet publication. May 28, 1936.
Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprung up.— O. W. Holmes.
“Never think that you already know all. However highly you are appraised, always have the courage to say of yourself—^‘I am ignorant.’ ”—Pavlov.
A new pistol for G-men is said to have an 830 pound punch. Maybe we were a little premature ■with the phrase, ‘Jbig shot.”—^Topeka, Kans., Capital,
The greatest achievements of science and literature are most commonly the work of men in their early youth.—^Harry C. Lehman, of Ohio University.
I deplore the tendency of modern American youth to drink milkshakes.—^Prof. Karl Reichenbach, University of Michigan.
'V 1 ,, ,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licfity
“She has the most gorgeous hair—and it only costs her 10 bucks a week—”
Dionne. Dionne who? Dionne all those kids?
A few more of the better Knock Knocks turned in are: Knock, Knock! Who’s there ? Conscience Stricken. Conscience Stricken who ? Don’t conscience strickens before they’re hatched.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there?
Highway cop. Highway cop who? Highway cep bright and early in the morning.
Knock, Knock! Who’s there? Execute. Execute who? Execute mustache you have there.
Don’t forget to hand in your Knock Knocks in for next week. There will be another Mars Double Pass given away next Saturday ...
COMPLETE! ENTIRE 3-HOUR SHOW
Exactly as Presented for $1.50 ' AT POPULAR PRICES
siTKnAv WEEK DAYS
Matinee . - . 15c-25c-36e Night ... 15c-35c-S0c
THE SHOW OF SHOWS! that has never been duplicated on stage or . a joy |t(» behold!
The following is the winning Knock Knock received this week and GARLAND EICKMEYER can pick up his Double Mars Pass at the Union desk after 12 o’clock noon today: Knock, Knock! Who’s there?
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 p. m. INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct. 2, 6:30 p. m.
Children's Classes Open Saturday, Sept. 26
ALLEN'S
Phone 2160 6th & Ferry
Exponent Platform
1. 2.
3.
4.
Establish student SELP-govemment. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Eliminate all campus politics.
= ARC =
ISC
Doable Featare
tSe
SUN.-MON. WilUam Powell i|i “THE EX-MRS, BRADFORD'' and Charles Bickford in “PRIDE OF THE MARINES'’ Also Chaso Chmedy and News
LAST TIMES TODAY Gene Antrey in “Coinin' Round the Mountain*’ Gene Raymond in “Transleni Lady” “Clntchlnv Hand No. 2”
ENTIRE WEEK Stwtins Tomorrow
LUNA
LAST TIMES TODAY
DOUBLE feature
Barton MacLane
Ralph Bellamy
dune Travis
David Hidt in
in
“Straight From
“Bengal Tiger”
the Shoulder’’, *1!
I
I
5 ‘ |iJ
V
f
imk FUKDUE exponent
Boilermakers ttesiime
Practice; Carry On For McCannon, Dahlbeck
Squad Vot^s Action Unanimously; Captain BeU Explains Reasons For Mope Although Coach Noble Kizer had culled off all plans for gridiron activity for the remainder of the week, the Boilermakers were back in action last night as a result of the request of the squad as a whole that practice be resumed. The squad’s decision followed a meeting of the players, called
Bell,
by Captain George Bell, at which time the desire to continue was unanimous. “We wanted to carry on for Carl and Tommy,” said Bell, in explaining the meeting, “ and felt that it wduld be more in keeping with their fighting spmt and more of a tribute to their memory to prepare •nrselvea as well as possible to attain the goal they had in mind when they were with us.”
Juggling
The wholesale juggling of assignments in an effort to rebuild the disrupted squad for the season’s open-
er with Ohio tr. here a week from today was Oontinued as practice was resumed. Burmeister continued at left guard in place of Dahlbeck, with Stalcu;^ filling McGannon’s shoes at
left halfback.
Football managers
All freshmen wishing to try out for football manager report at the Memorial Gym Monday at 4 p. m. All sophomores report at the same time. HODGDON, MAISH.
IT CAN’T HAPPEN HERE!! But it did happen to these two lovers—^victims of moh violence!
SUN..MON.
FAMHLY
liastTinieB^^ay JAMEU CAGNEY In “TAXI" and Zane Grey’s “King: ef the Royal Mounted’’
'lie MOST EXCITING DRAMA TO COMB OUT OF CHINA SINCE *SHANGHAI EXPRESS"
. . A BOLD MAN TBLLSAN BXCITmLY BBAUT/m WOMAN / THAT MB LOVES HBR f
im..
is^.
^s.
JLASr TIMES TODAY
LEW AYERS
MARY CARLISLE
In
‘LADY BE CARBiRUL"
Starts Tomorrow MARS
Monday b Deadline For
Class Seating
Book Sales WiU Contiune; Reserved Ducats WIU Be Placed First
Students have oiily tWo days remaiming in which to purchase S. A. A. coupon books in order to retain their class preference rights in the seating arrangements, according to H. W. Hughes, president of the S. A. A. Hughes called attention to the fact that because the early open ing game of the football season with Ohio Universily occurs a week from today, it was necessary to set the deadline for retention of class preference rights in sealing at football games for next Monday evemng. According to agreement, all coupon book orders for reserved seats in the student section at football games are filled in the order of class ranking on the first draw, with the senior applications receiving first consideration for seats nearest the 50-yard line, and with the juniors, sophomores and freshmen following in order named.
Sales Will Continue The sale of S. A. A. coupon books will continue after Monday evening, but any orders placed after that time will be fiUed after the first freshman draw, without regard to class preference. Record-breaking sales marked registration, and all indications point to the fact that the limit set on the number of books which will be honored for the special bonus of a 50-cent ticket to the Chicago game may soon be reached. Only the first 2,500 coupon books sold will be honored for the 5p-cent ticket priinlege to the encounter at Chicago. The S. A. A. coupon book, reasonably priced at only $7.00, provides the biggest bargain of the academic year, permitting athletic enjoyment
I ■fielder’s.... I ^ ....choice # I Hy Bob Walpole——
An interesting comment from Arch Ward, sporte ed of the Chicago Tribune . . . “Football coaches frequently think they are beset by almost insurmountable difficulties.... They talk about losses by graduation, injuries during the season and scholastic hurdles.... All these pale, however, before the situation confronting Noble Kizer and Purdue’s 1936 squad.... —fc—
“Only fellows with fighting hearts can keep their chins up in the face of tragedy .]. . the world soon will know that Purdue produces that type of American manhood. ...” —^fc—
The Boilermaker answer to this was Captain George Bell’s call for varsity practice yesterday afternoon. ... In spite of the fact that all practice sessions were called off by the coaching staff until Tuesday, the gridders went out to fight to win... if that isn’t spirit, we would like to know just what spirit is.... —^fc—
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Yesterday’s practice was one of the most inspiring ever seen on a Boilermaker practice field ... every man was out to fight . . and they will fight to win.. ..
• Of the first twenty-twd iSM Indiana tfniversif^ football mefi, two are from Texas, four from Pennsylvania, three from !llUinsas, one from Wisconsin, and the remainder from the home state.... Duane Purvis made an appearance at football practice yesterday afternoon ... he recently underwent a tonsilectomy opm-atimi ... we understand that he and his brother Jim were out in Hollywood for pictures during the summer.... —fc—
Alex Yunevich, a former Purdue football star, was married during the past summer.... —fc—
throughout the entire year that would cost well over $20.00 if the tickets to each event were purchased singly and at the same time providing preferred seats for the football and basketball'seasons.
The thinkintr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passengrer any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIQ Portraits Photo Supplies 10S Vine St., W. Lafayette
ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main Street
SENIOR CORDUROYS
HOCKMEYER'S BEST
CROMPTON CORDS
$4.50 $2.95 ROSENTHAL’S
322 Main Street
Lafayette
West Lafayette 132 Vine St.
641 Main St., Lafayette
We solicit your patronage on a basis of Good Work and Good Service
MEN'S SUITS
MEN'S LIGHT O'COATS LADIES' PLAIN DRESSES LADIES' PLAIN COATS CLEANED AND PRESSED
75c
10^ Discount on all Laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette Office.
American Laundry
PHONES 7278-3085
LoWell Decker and Pat Malaska were somewhat improved when we went to press. . . . We all hope for good luck.... —fc— We were told that Dick Sandefur, one of last year’s fullbacks, is doing very well with the Pittsburgh Pirates, national professional football team ... it was even mentioned tha,t he had beaten a couple AllAmericans out for a first string position .. T
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 504 Main Street
FrogA Footbatt Mamgen WiU R^pm^ Monday
M\ freobmott tvisbing to try <mi for'^football manugem are asked ta roportMdlm Meamki Gyrnnaslimt Monday at 4 p. m., according to a notiim given out \fs the atliletib department yesterday. Freshmen football managers are given a free side-line seat at every football game. The poaifiion also offers the possiMIity of working as one of the football managers up through the senior year, at winch time two men- will receive major “P” sweaters.
Keep your eye on the gas taidi gauge. A survey reveals that last year more than one million drivers were left stranded by empty gas tanks.
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES OPEN
Beginner’s Wed., Sept. 23, 7:30 p. m. Advanced
Fri., Sept. 25, 7:30 p. m.
Finest BalbooiB in IniUsaa, lemodeled uid newly deeanit4Bd.
ALLEN'S
Phene 215« 6th & Fezry
We Asked One Question of 200 Men and Women *‘Which Pen is Your Choice for Mats/ And 2 to 1 Selected Parker’s Liaminated Pearl*
•^The aactess VacumaHc with Ever-Viaibio Ink Supply and 102% More Ink Capacity than Old Style — GUARANTEED Mechanically Perfect
The Parker |NMnt is Sccatcb-fmof —precioas natmum oomhiiied wi^ 8<Mid Gfdd.
Yes, other things being equal, style-minded people would choose the Parker Vaenmatio /<w beauty tdan^ But other things, too, including performancet make tliis revolutionary invention the national favmite by a still bigger mar^uo—by 9 to 4.** One important difference—its ink supply is ever 'ririble—^tiie ENTIRE ^ length of the barreL Thus it shows' d^s ahead WHEN IT’S RUNNING LOW.
Ikvery student wiit^tiiat dman’t ^letyoadown” by running dry in dlasses at ctmuh6o and see ‘this fauniniHsa, laminated PearlBeanty at any Bood store
selling jnens. The Padker Co.,
JanesviAe, Wis.
Another great difference is the patrated Parker filler. There’s ho other like It. It requires no sliding piston immersed in ink—its wnricing parts are sealed in the top WHEI^ INK CAN NEVER TOUCH THEM-—
arJ
siMMiiTCeo HEtNMiiauw namv Junior, $5 R6iKib,|g50, Ovor-Size.lIOwgi |3t50aiid|5
can never decompose them.
VVNaninU Pun Gbpuuu^ Racortnmpmoa
PARKER PENS AND PENCILS af
H. B. LODDE'S JEWELRY STORE 410 Main St.
COME IN AND SEE THE PARKER YACUMATK PEN AT OUR PEN AND PENCIL COUNTER
Phone 6477
DECKER’S iM. o.
/
We SeU All Parker Pens and Pencils and Qwink Ink H. Q. "Deac" REISNER
STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE
We cany a cempleln line of Peiket Pun. INpectteaw# <Nak Idk
SOUTHWORTH’S
\
1 ■' ■i
sh
If! ^-hm i‘ ’ I
^ ’J-'**/ 4 Y
; !‘
"p, i"
Sli.
!.
A f'
T (■<
THE PllRHUE EXPONENT
Saturday! Sbptembfer IS, 1066
TYPSn^fttPERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoif, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms and good board for girls at 811 Ghauncey Avenue. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
Piano Toning—^26 years experience on good pianos. Call today 6289 for appointment. H. E. Clingenpeel.
Garage—^Two dollars per month, 453 Maple. Phone 45631.
Wanted—(Boyi campus orch^t a 6057.
n mixed Schilling,
Wanted—^^umpets, piano, drums for dance band. Call 45142 after 6 p. m.
Good meals at Mrs. Lewis’, 201 Andrew Place. Phone 2461.
For Rent—Double room, $16 per month. With garage, $18. Phone 7278.
Wanted—college man to travel selling fraternity and sorority line. With car preferred, but not essential. Mr. Reeves, 713 Dodge, West Lafayette.
For Sale—One all-wave super-het radio. Darby, 153 Pierce. Phone 75631. *
MartiBWffl Command University Corps (Continued from page 1)
NOTICES I neticw accnpltd after t p.
Anderson, D. R. Tam, F. G. Wahl, R. P, Royster. Cadet Major K. R. Swinford, J. P. Brubaker, E. P. Krebs, D. H. Parquharson, L. D. Wood, A. L. McColloum, R. H| Dieterich, R. K. Williams, N. J. Pultz, J. R. Brown, A. F. Ganier, E. G. Rothenberg^r. Cadet Captain D. R. Moore, R. H. Lucas, W. T. Hooper, R. N. Lemen, F. E. Dieterle, R. A. Hartman, G. E. Hines, R. E. Johnson, C. Brewer, S. D. Daniels, B. A. McCandless, G. B. Long, S. P. Davis, O. J, Vogl, C. L. Klaiber, R. J. Hulse, R. L. Burkhart, R. W. Cripe, J. E. Anderson, B. F. Johnson, N. Belury, E. G. Lommel, C. E. Bryan, D. F. Mull, J. L. Palmer, O. S. Aikman, M. C. Compton, L. W. Buchanan, H. F. Antonini, J. C. Bristle, C. C. Hamilton. R. M. Kelley, J. H. Anning, W. J. Lukey, W. G. Logan, J. E. Parks, D. P. Williams, J. O. Williamson, P. W. Reed, J. Camhi, D. A. Braiford, E. C. Miller, W. S. Chancellor, H. L. Coplen, E. S. Lowman, P. C. Bauer, R. J. Stock, W. Scholer, H. J. Geder, R, 0. Borton, J. J. Hein, M. Drake. Cadet First Lieutenant S. T. Brewer, R. E. Thomson, L. B. Bornhauser, R. S. Humphreys, C. J. Bank, E. W. White, J. N. Newhall, J. R. Burkhart, G. Iddles, R. B. Mossman, F. P. McDowell, J. W. Townsend, P. G. Schurman, W. I. Spitler, C. E. Reiley, W. C. Hunter, N. H. Shea, R. P. Carton, R. L. Merz, P. V. Plapp, P. H. Justin, J E. Shideler, H. L. Snodgrass, E. L. Keller, R. H. Walpole, J. W. Van Natta, G. H. Nutter, G. W. Zuck, R. M. Knepple, B. E. Brown, M. V.
Fraternities—Submit pledges lists to Exponent not later than Sunday, September 20 Heave in Union box —MORRIS
Y. W. C. A. Committees—The following Y. W C A committees meet at 4 p. m. in the Y W (f A. office on the days designated next week Monday • Cary Home, Settlement House, membership; Tuesday • outdoor, literature , Thursday personal relations, music , Friday philosophy and religion, publicitv —WOOD
Pnrdue Christian Foundation—Seivice tomorrow morning at 9‘30 Verne Freeman will speak , everybody welcome —BREWER
Flying Club—Meeting Sept 22 at 8 p m in Union —SMITH
Gimlet—Meeting Sept 21 at 6 30 p m in Union —HODGDON
P. I. A. Board—Meet at 4, Sept 20 in the office Very important —HERSH
Mortar Board—Meeting at 4 Sept 21 in women’s lounge Important —ADKINS
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Rent a Car for the Evening
ROGER'S GARAGE 316 N. 4th St. Lafayette
The Risk Dental Clinic
PR, PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK PR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
John Sperb
Hardware, Paint and Glass
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
INSTANT SERVICE
You can make yoiic purchases here faster than you can open the ^oor of most stores. And we guarantee our goods to be ffesk*
DAD'S PLACE
352 State St.
Penney's Super-Savins Values! SENIOR CORDS
.49
SLACK 4,0 SLIDE RULE
STYLE POCKET Extra Heavy Hockemeyer Corduroy
LEATHER JACKETS $6.90 Cossack Style! Pis-Grain Leather!
WOOL SWEATERS $2.98 Talon Fastener! Pleated Back Styles! Others at $1.98!
White Dairy Coats
...$1.79
White Duck Pants
....$1.29
Work Suits
...$1.49
Gym Shirts
25c
<^ym Shorts
39c
Tennis Shoes
79c
J. C. PENNEY CO.
DIAlli STREET AT THIUD
Batch,». E. Westphal, W. E. Alexander, R. R. StewaTt, |C. A. Porsall. J. W. Connelly, M. P. Skinner, F. W. Vargo, H. P. Thinned, C. E. Capron, F. L. Wilson, W. H. Dillon, R. W. Perkins, R. S. Harrison, J. C. Esterline, R. S. Trcka, M. J. Kwolek, W. W. Hodgdon, D. Lowe, M. Kohr, R. N. Voigt, J. C. Ohaver, J. C. Lome, R. H. Helm, C. L. Baum, F. P. Verdicchio, C. R. Birbari, W. E. Ross, W. E. Shrader, P. H. Rogers, R. H. Latter, R. B. Abbott, D. B. Scott, F. K. toward, W. Love, D. P. Morse, C. M. Callis, C. S. Howe, P. S. Silverstein.
.K ^ ^
FRATERNITY SOpfSALi/ ’
Monday, Practice Games
DIAMOND
1— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Tau 2— Theta Xi vs Phi Pi Phi 3— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Chi 4— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pirathon 6—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon
6— Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Gamma Rho. 7— Alplia Thv Omega vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8— Pi Kappa Phi vs Beta Theta Pi 9— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Sigma Lamb-
da
10—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu
It is easier to identify a person by his footprints than by a fingerprint, says G. M. Mancwaring, superintendent of police in Colombo, Ceylon, where native footprints are used for personal identification.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT IT’S YOURS FOR ONLY $2.50
Tennis Tryouts To Begin Monday LaBree Facod With Task Of Revamping Varsity Team
Coach Larry LaBree announced last night that varsity tennis tryouts will begin next Monday after-
noon.
Coach LaBree is confronted with the task of almost rebuilding l^st year’s squad entirely, as Maury Wakefield is the only one of the five lettermen from-last year who was not lost by graduation. As new maIterial is much in demand, all sophomores, juniors, and seniors who have had tennis experience are urged to report for practice Monday after-
noon.
Dorner’s Flowmr Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 11914 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
YOUTH BREAD
ANY WAY YOU LIKE IT
Bread ia any form—-whether with butter, jam, or sandwiches, YOUTH BREAD is atways good.
GRAVE'S »BAKERY Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
Only Exclusive Old Book Shop in Lafayelte That Book You Want: Probably We Have It^ If so, it will cost you Much Less than a New Book!
Come in and Look over our Large StockMore than Five Thousand Volumes —Many as good as New.
old Books and Magazines Wanted: We buy for Cash, or Trade New Books or Magazines for your old ones.
SPECIAL: Large stock National Geographies in Complete Years Odd Numbers. Also more than Five Himdred Text and Reference Books.
Open Evenings and Sundays
OLD® BOOK® SHOPP® The Pioneer in Books Exclusively
Lafayette
1005 Main Street
ODORLESS rA HAT CLEANING QlJ
Now is hat cleaning time—^just before winter sets in upon us. By our special process, we return your hats, cleaned and blocked, odorless.
West Side Cleaners 222 North St. 'Phone 4081
Where-
Is the best place to meet your friends? Can you come between classes? Are students most sociable? Is the atmosphere most congenial?
In the Union LoungeSf of course!
The luxurious lounges are placed and maintained for each and every Purdue student without discrimination affording you a fine place to meet, greet, and become better acquainted with fellow students and instructors. Become sociable in the Unioji lounges—the meeting place of the campus.
/
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Corner of the Campus — Center of Activity
/