' ^ V^J'fH '" ^ ‘ ^ y/i' 'j f^’.■'''^ <->‘^ f ^ ^ . j ^ 5 ^ ‘ ^ < “1 ^ ''V V ’'* ^ ' ^'vJ^V^'fr ■■'•?( /'"l/' ' \ , !• -5^! ‘ 1 , ' ■* ” \ '* ’* ’ . '’' 1 ■- / •* 'i ,( , >' ' ' ' ' ,\, .'J, 1 '-' I • , I'l- ■ ‘ . ^
‘ *’>;':{;v/M^y7 H ,}h^pW,
Mac Arthur Day Celeli^ration Ends W ith Mixer
Couples Must Show War Stamps At Door
''A mixer in the Union tonight will the special drive for the sale of end the University’s observance of United States War Savings Stamps MacArthur Day and bring to a close being sponsored by the Student
War Couhcll. In honor of the heroism shown by General Douglas MacAi-thur and his men in the Philippines, the special day is being observed by colleges and universities all over the nation. The entii’e Corps of the University ROTC participated in a review in honpr of the occasion yesterday afternoon as the first part
of the observance here. This review was also sponsored by the War Council. Noel Hall Will Play At the dance tonight, in keeping with the theme of the War Stamp Drive, a dollar’s worth of stamps must be shown at the door in addition to the regular mixer admission price of $1.10. Noel Hall
and his orchestra, coming directly frotn Hammond ^ where they just finished playing a long engagement, will provide the music in the north ballroom, following the completion of the presentation of ‘The Barber of Seville’ in the Music Hall. Although the drive will officially close tonight, student speakers continue their visits to various oigan-
izations on the campus, seeking pledges for purchases of stamps. The effort will require continued student support in order that the University might achieve its goal of selling $15,000 in War Savings Stamps. War Council Reviews A reviewing committee composed
of President E. C. Elliott, Prof, P, C. Hockema, assistant to the Plresident. Col. D. M. Beere, comraamJant of the ROTC corps, and members of the Student War Cooficil witnessed the review on Rasaell Field yesterday, marking the only appearance of Corps as a unit this year.
Established I8S9
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53/ No. 165
Wesfr Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, April 11, 1942
Freshmen To Elect to™!
To Sponsor Convo
Noel Hall
Senators Today
Knote Elected
Neff Will Conduct Voting In Music Hall
Tomorrow Night
Cary Club President
During the intermission of the Cary Club formal dance held last night in the ballrooms of the Union, the new officers of Cary Club were announced. Charles Knote, of east hgil, was elected to the presidency with George Emerson, also of cast hall, as social manager. The other officers were Joe Lockwood, of northwest hall, political chairman, and A1 Jackson, of south hall, as treasurer. Russ Morgan and his band provided the music to which approximately 700 couples danced at the last Cary Club formal dance of the season.
Student May Apply For Defense Training In Ordnance Work
During the regular Saturday morning freshmen engineering lecture today at 8 a.m. in the Music Hall, all freshmen engineers will vote for the four students who will represent them next year in the Student Senate. Joe Neff, president of the Student Senate, will introduce the candidates and take charge of the election. Candidates who have petitioned for the job are as follows: Allen Crofts, Bob King, Tom Spitlqr, Dick Collistei', Judd Vear, Dave Lindsay, John LeBocuf, Richard Welly, William Schcnlcr and Paul Blakely. Eight Men Organized Eight out of the ten men running for election on the two organized tickets are members of social fraternities. King, Collistcr and Lindsay are from the Delta Tau Delta fraternity. Crofts, Delta Upsilon; LcBocuf, Beta Theta Pi; Spitler, Phi Gamma Delta; Vear, Kappa Sigma; and Welty, of the Phi Delts, are the other organized men on the tickets.
Interfaith Brotherhood will be the theme of the special convocation sponsored by the Religious Council, in the Music Hall tomorrow evening at 7:30 p. m. Nationally prominent representatives of Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish faiths—the Very Rev. Edward V. Cardinal, C.S.V., Ph.D., professor of history at Loyola University, Chicago; Rev. James M. Yard, midwest secretary of the National Conference of Christians and Jews; and Rabbi Morton M. Berman, of the Isaiah-Israel Temple, Chicago, will he the principal speakers in a panel discussion. The' subject of the evening will be “Brotherhood—Fact or Fiction ?’’
Opera Company Presents "Barber Of Seville" Tonight
Symphonic Band
Cast Will Sing Italian Version
To Play Tomorrow Comic Opera In Music Hall
^ ■ ri_.. i-. /-I Ml 4.
In Special Concert
Positions are available for both
men and women in a new class for
ordnance inspectors opening April 13 at the University. Successful applicants will be hired through the civil service as ordnance inspectors for the war department and will be given 12 weeks training at the University. The first section which began March 2 with 34 men enrolled will continue through tlic month of May. Ordnance inspection is a full time course offered by the defense training program under authority of Ihc United States office of education and is open to both men and women between the ages of 18 and 55. Jobs Pay $120 Per Month Applicants arc selected through civil service examnial ions. Tlicse jobs pay $120 monllily during tlie period of training. Upon completion of the course, successful graduates will he assigned to inspection duties and recommended for a promotion to $1,G00 a yeai. Further promotion will depend on ability and proficiency., Qualifications for the course include one ycni of engineering ti'aining or two years in a recognized university, including six hours of physics or chemistry. Men or women inicrestcd in civil service jobs as ordnance inspectors and meeting these requirements should apply immediately to Daniel D. Schimmclpfennig, rcpicseiitativc of the U. S. Civil Service Commission, who will he at the Lafayette U. S. Employment Service office, 312 N. 4th St., Friday of this week.
Because the University is now operating on a year-around| basis, the Senate elections will be held each semester. Therefore, all petitioners must be planning definitely to attend school during the summer semester. It is also required that each candidate have a cunuilative index of 3.6 or belter.
Other Elections Wednesday Only freshmen engineering representatives arc to be elected today The elections for the remainder of the Senate positions will be held next Wednesday.
Students Compete As Judges Today
Choir Will Sing The University Choir, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will sing three anthems frPm the worship of the three religious groups, “Adoremus 'Te,” Palestrina; “O Beautiful Saviour,” arranged by Christiansen; and “Hallelujah,” by Lewandowbki. Anna Katherine Williams, acting president of the Religious Council, ■will preside. Others participating include Rev. Eugene R. Balslcy, student pastor of Wesley Foundation; Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, student pastor of the Roger Williams Club; Rabbi M, H. Simon, director of Hillel Counselorship; and Rev. Edward V. Holland, student pastor for Catholic students. Speakers Former Associates The three principal speakers have been associated in the program of the National Conference of Christians and Jews. Father Cardinal, formerly student pastor for Catholic students at Illinois Univei’sity, has held positions of importance in his church, as president of St. Viator College, and as visiting professor at the Catholic University of America. 'file student body and geiieiaJ public is invited to attend the convocation.
. . and his orchestra will play for the weekly Mixer which ends the MacArthur Day celebration tonight in the north Union ballroom A dollar's worth of defense stamps in addition to the $1.10 admission ticket must be shown at the door
WBAA Radio Program
Will Replace Annual
Literary Banquet
Three Staff Members
In Dairy Day Contest Attend ASME Meeting
Dairy Club’s annual “Dairy Day” will take place today in Sinilli Hall and the daily barn pavilion at 2.00 p. 111. for all students inteiested in the judging of dairy products or dairy cattle. The dairy ^products judging, which will he held in Smith Hall, consists of ,nidging ice cicam, milk, and butter. The dairy cattle judging contest will he held in the dairy barn pavilion. Awards and tropliies will he piesoiitcd to the winners at the next Dairy Club meeting, Tuesday, April 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall.
Prof. H. A. Bolz, C. W. Phelps ;uk1 L. A. Pigage of tlie University stall’ attended a meeting of the Indiana section of ASME at Indianapolis lust night. Principal papei at the meeting was presented by E. L P’lood, jiersonnel director of the Owch-Illinois Glass Company of Gas City. Prof. Bolz is vice-chaii man of the Indiana section of ASME, and Phelps is on the executive committee for this year.
Annual liteiary banquet in honor of the winners in the writers’ contest sponsored by ’the Scrivener Club will be leplaccd this year by a radio program over WBAA Monday from 6:30 to 6:55 p. m. The usual cash, cup, and medal prizes will be replaced liy defense stamps. Elliott Will Speak President E. C. Elliott will preside over the piogiam and will make a ten-ininiitc addicss. Professor Paul Fatout, wlio is in charge of the contest, will then awaid the piizes donated by tlie following: George Ade, $15 for the best short play; David Ross, $15 for the best poem; H. G. Reisner, $15 for the besj short story; Dean H. E. Endeiw, $15 and $t0 for the best scientific papers; F. C. Hockema, $15 and It B Slewait, .$10 lor the best Indiana historical essays. AVinterrowd Prizes
University Symphonic Band of 90 pieces under the direction of Professor Paul S. Emrick will apliear in a special conceii. tomori’ow afternoon in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium under the auspices of the public relations committee of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Lafayette School Board. The' program will start at 2:30. Judge Lynn Parkinson, president of the Chamber of Commerce, will make a five minute address on the war situation during the intermission. Members of the Jcffei-son High School Band will serve as ushers. Varied Program The program will consist of severi numbers, the first of which is the “Overture to the Mandage of Figaro” by Mozart. It will be followed by Saint-Saens’ “Danse Macabre”; a medley of “War Songs of 1861,” by Laurendeau; Von Suppe’s “Light Cavalry Overture”; Strauss’ “Voices of Spring” and the “1812 Overture,” by Tschaikowsky. In addition, there will he a vocal selection, as yet untitled, which was composed by Professor Emrick. Revival Of Former Concerts This concert will mark the revival of the concerts that have been held during the past several years as a cooperative project for the hand, Chamber of Commerce, and the high school and is open to the entire coininunily and surrounding area.
San Carlo Opera Company will present the comic opera, "The Barber of Seville” tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall as the last of the regularly scheduled student convocations. 'This opera was composed by Rossini, a gifted Italian composer of the
nineteenth century.
The San Carlo cast will give the opera in the Italian language. Although originally plans were made to use the English version, recent changes in the troupe made it necessary to revert to the language in
which it was first composed. The current tour of the company was inaugurated in Washington, D, C., with a Week long engagement at which many prominent personages served
as patrons and patronesses. Conley Takes Tenor Aria
Cast for the performance includes Eugene Conley, who as Count Almaviva takes the tenor role. In the first act he sings the aria, “Dawn with her Rosy Mantle,” and later in the second act he gives a comic touch to the song “Look at Don Bartolo.” Richard Wentworth fiHd the Doctor Bartolo role in which he
Fortune Gallo, manager of narroio rom m wmen „ . _ joins a quartet with Almaviva, Fi-
ihe San Carlo Opera Company
Ply
ing Club To Hold Contest For Student Pilots Tomorrow
garo, and Rosina in the second act. In the third act he again takes the bass, this time in a duet with Alma-
viva.
Petroff Fills Lead Role
Rosini, the beautiful girl in the story, IS played by Grace Panvini, soprano. In the third act she sings “Lesson Scene,” popular aria in
Air Meet, sponsoicd by the Uni- Petroff, baritone, vcisity Flying Club, will be held to- the lead role, Figaro, the barmorrow. This meet is open to all ber, and sings the gay “Room for those who have a student pilot rat- the Factorum” in the first act. 0th-
Varsity Debaters Attend Conference
ing or better
Tlv' pi((t vill (on-jst ol t’lnei’ (',(‘11*^ a pn-d-ioii Lourtij ill' III a leia; laie i.’ii] iMi deaiea
e-<5 ip the ca..-!,t aie ILiroU Kravitt .d Don Basilio ir.as.c mastei; Louise \\.uien as Bertha, Rosina’s gove.ni_b^, a.Uu Fit-ii.,.is Cuvei as Fiospot landing contest. The spot land-
At Northwestern
other iiiizcs to he awarded are the W. II. Wuiteirowd piizes of $100 and $35 for the two members of the senior class who have made the best collections of books during then years in college. Dictionaries will be awarded by the G. C. Merliam Company to the four freshmen who have developed the best vocabulaiies since enteiing the University.
Theta Xi, Sigma Nu Freshmen
H. L. Solberg Attends Power Conference
Will Hold Pajama Race Today
The vaisity debate team, accomjianicd by Prof. P. E. Lull and L. S. Winch, IS competing in the Western Conference debate tournament being held at Noithwestern University The two-day conference convened yesterday afternoon. In conjunction with the conference, there v/ill be a clinic for the diicctois of debate of the univeisities in the Western Conference. Problems related to the difficulties in the instruction and piomotion of debate activities will be discussed at the clinic meetings. Prof. P. E. Lull and L. S. Winch, both of the University speech faculty, will participate in these discussions.
will consist of the regular spot landing requirements of the C.A.A.,
and each pilot will he given two , , , . , , . nil. 1 11 by student passports or season tickchances to score. 1 he lelay race will , j . . i
The doors of the Music Hall Mrill open at 6:45 p.m. Admission will be
ets, but some single admission tickets still remain for sale at the door.
consist of three pilots racing aroiind a prescribed course, the winners being the team that makes the best
time.
In the precision cross counliy flight the pilot will chart a flight and calculate how long it will lake him to make the trip. Then, without a watch, the pilot will take off, make
the trip and return seeing how close _
he can come to the calculated time, tomon’ow night to conduct the Wes* The piizes to be awaided aie Wil- ley Vesper program at the First
Pouts WilLConduct Vespers Tomorrow
Wesley Foundation announ<;os that John Fonts, ’40, will returtt
sonite Pilots’ Sun Glasses. An entiy fee of tea cents
will be charged for each event, and application blanks aic still avail-
able at the aupoit. An pianos will a member of the Foundation
Methodist Church. FoUts is now pastor of the Rejmolds Methodist Church of Reynolds, Indiana and
B> Jake Weiidcl
Pan-Hellenic Group Elects Jane Ballard j As New President
Jane Ballard, Alpha Chi Omega, has been elected president of the Women’s Pan - Hellenic Council, with Sylvia Pittman, Pi Phi, receiving the vice-presidency. June Kuntz, Phi Mu, was elected secretary and Elizabeth Kissam, Delta Gamma, treasurei. It was also announced that the rush rules, as suggested by the PanHellenic Council, have been accepted by the soroiities on the campus.
Prof. II. L. Solberg, head of the ME school, was in Cliicago last night where he attended a meeting of the Midwest Powei’ Conference. The meeting was held in tlie Palmer House. Piof. Solberg luesided ovei the section of the confeience devoted to industrial powei plants which included discussions on power in the flour milling industries^ feed water treatment in small power plants, and recovery installation hs developed by the Buick Motor Division of General Motors Coiporation. The Power Conference is sponsored annually by seven of the piofessional engineering societies and ten midwestern universities.
Latest styles in men’s nightwear will he displayed to the pupils this afternoon when Tlieta Xi and Sigma Nu freshmen compete in their traditional, annual [lajamu race at 4. The stai ting point of the race, which is the eleventh one of the series to he run, will ho on the river road in front of the Theta Xi house. From there the com so runs southwaid along' the rivei road to the Kappa Alpha Theta house, up the hill, around the Theta house, out to LHtlotoii street, and north on Littleton to the finish line at the Sigma Nu driveway. Refreshments in the foi m of buckets of cold water fiom the top of the Theta porch will be scived by the girls to any contestants who do not make a quick enough tiip aiound their house.
l''ro,sh Traill 1’he Haul Way So fai, Sigma Nu has seven victories to 'Dicta Xi’s I luce. 'Die 'I’lieLa Xi freshmen, however, elaim to liave lieen training haul, and promise to add a fourth this afternoon, although the Sigma Nus, who have been training on setting-up exercises and cigars, consider themselves a cinch to win. Accoiding to latest repoits, about thirty freshmen will race in the classic, with a fairly equal representation fiom each house. The winning team will he determined on a point basis. First man to cross the finish line will receive ten points, the second man will leceive nine points, and so on down to the tenth man. Thus, the team with the gfeatest number of points wins, and it IS possible foi a team to win even if it does not take first place.
Alpha Kappa Lambda
be furnished by Captain L. I. Artez while attending the University.
at the standaid cluuge. Further m- Rev. Fonts has planned the Ves-
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of LeMoyiic E. Fanis worth of Elkhart," Indiana, and tlie election of the following officers: James A Meyer, piesident; Dean E. Wilbur, vice-president; Rogei C. Weatherslon, rush cliairman; Robert W. Paiter, recording secretary; and Robert C. Sherman, corresponding secretary
formation may he obtained from per service for tomorrow around Maurice Beinhard, 7724, or Frank musical themes and ideas. He has
Ilahiclil, 3053.
Forestry Club To Hold Field Day Today
Purdue Forestiy Club vill hold
written all of the music for the service himself and will be assisted by several musicians from the Uni-
versity.
The Wesley Vesper service wiU be held in the Methodist Church at
its annual Field Day today at the the corner of Chauncey and South
Debris Notice
All fraternities having an eighty per cent sale of Debris in their houses will be awarded a free copy for the house. All fraternities which have such sales should remit their stubs to the Debris Business OJlice before Wednesday to get their free copy.
Cunningham Faun. Accoiding to James Aboinatliy, Piesident of the Foiestry Club, theie will be a voluntary tree planting in the morning and games and contests during the afternoon followed by a meal m the evening All ineinbors of the Fiucstiy Club are urged to attend as the contests mvolvt' teams composed of members
streets. The service will begin at
6:45 p.m.
Daniel C. Green
. . . EE '08, wlio has become nationally known in the public liiilities field has recently been nqinut^ chairman of the board of the Cleve-
land Pneumatic Tool
of each class, Bu.-.es \\ ill leave the Green has been head of the
Ilorticultuie Building at 8'00 a. m. Service Corporation of Chicago 81^
and 1:00 p. m foi those who need is moving to Cleveland to devottt
transportation.
full time to his new poeitieo.
'ftf®
Coiiii)anj& le Centf^
mm
mnr i
piage2
"i' '■' 3 ■>, ■ ■ ’-; T ~i '1^ '*(^7 ^ i- A ■, * \ Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Saturdayf April 11 ^ 1942 **< ^ (f - f (» MHA TIW Jrf «. i -4 ,
'Expoh^Hk Ail-American 1940-'41
Offices CdifoHal aird Business, Pwnitte Memoriat Union, Phnne 4005 Sporfsi Fteldhouse, Phone 2792 Cdifonaf Phone After 10 p tn , 5377
Editop»in-Chief MmiqHnir Editor 8ltirtfi«f<s MkndiKtt CHrcoliitfotf MAnofirer Coed Editor
Tohn F Amos Don T firophy John H Armstroriff William D Mtllhrd Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatficld
Publication Staff AKsocinte Editors Editorial Staff K W \io \xf\k\c U L li it? W G Hoskins A P Hunter I) \N Och Itrec W L Riltrl Sports Staff 1) L Brc\cr J S Da v son E L Karpick R, W Krioprcr Coed Staff Salh Beall Ch irloUc Hiss Jean Laucr Dons Pickcrint, Business Staff Coed Business Mana^cer Julia Mart n AdvcrtiRinff Managers J M Wright D L Johnson Circulation Manager G H Klouman Accounts Manager Trcna Torrengn Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jine Keim
Staff For This Issue Night Ed for Ochiltree Daj Editor Pickering Issue Editor Christman Sports Kricger
Bepoiiers DaM$ Hass hn ncj Belli Rafcrt So\%ard‘^
n ni BH kb n Pii ns T.icr
Entered as second class matter at the post office m Lafav ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 1 1879 and at thtf' special rate of postage orhi'rded for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized Jaituarj 20 1922 Published dAily except Monday dtiHng the regular academic year uPd ii^kly during the summer Session Delivered locally bj car ner fur $3 50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00 Represented for national advertising b> National Advcrtis ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave Ne^ "Vork N Y
Nahy “1^” Progrcim Editors Note To clanf> the \ progiam ol Nayal Reserve enlistments we publish this com plete Summar> I'^siled b3 the Navv Public Rela tions committee o
V-T Pre-Indoctrination Training This IS the latest piocuiement plan—a plan wheie by the Navj hopes to obtain 80 000 pie indoclimated tiamees pei jeii College fieshnieii and sophomoies between the ages of 17 and 19 inclusive who are ol good moial cbaiactei md in good physical condition niaj enlist m Class \ 1 is appi entice seamen Aftei appioximateh thiee scmesteis dm mg which they will studj 1 elated Navj subjects taught by the leg ulai college taeultj V 1 men will be given a geneial examination Those lankmg suffieiciitly high in the examination may tiansfei to Class V 5 oi V 7 (see below) and continue then inactive status until com pletion of the academic lequuements foi those class es Those whose scoies on the examination are too low to wan ant ^ 5 oi \ 7 tiainmg will be allowed to complete the 4 semestei mdoetimation course and thjen be called to active dut3 is appi entice seamen Foi fuithei infoimation oi enlistment consult youi college legistiai or the neaicst Navy leeiuiting ol fice V-2 Naval Aviation' Mechanics This IS m oppoitunitt foi men between the ages of 17 and 28 inclusive with limited expeiience oi dem onstiable inteicst ii internal combustion engines oi metal woik Men whose eyesight bais them fiom fly mg the Navy s veaibiid cm help keep em flymi^ by cnlisung m this cl issification it the neaicst le ciuiting ofliee They w 11 icccive 29 weeks intensive trainmg which will qualif them foi petty oflficeis ratings as avi itio i m lel mists md aviation met il smiths V>3 Naval Communications Here is the opening foi men mtcicbted in wiieless and visual signals They must enlist as apprentice seamen but will be sent to a eommunieations seiviee school if at thv conclusion of then leciuit tiainmg they show a picfeience and aptitude foi this elassi filiation The tiainmg thev leccne duiing then first ytacof service is wo th 500 iceoidmg to the N ivy V-4 Naval inteliigersce College lu'^n of ‘outstanding chaiaetei and unques tioned reliability with legal tia mng oi steno,piaphi ability weie foimcily enlisted as ^ eonien ( se igomg secretaiies’ ) in this cla‘=sific itien Quotis wcic filled shoitly aftci Pcnil llaiboi but m ly be eopened V-5 Most Navy men icgaid this clasBification as THE gilt edge oppoitunity m the Naval Roseive Conlraiy to populai belief you don t hive to be a super man to get III If oil must hovvevei b" between the ages of 19 and 26 inclusive unman led and in good shape physicallv II you haven t yet finished the lequiied two yeais of college you m ly enlist now and continue school until you hive You will leceive 90 days tiain mg at one of the 18 leseiye iviation bases then be shipped to the Annapolis ol the All (it Pensacola Fla) Ol to ‘Jax (Jacksonville Fla) oi ‘Corpus’ (Coipu^ Chiisti Tex ) foi advanced tiainmg Upon leceivmg voui Navy vvmgs and eonunission you will also begin leceivm,, 'i)24o a month Any Navy leeiuituif, office will steei von (tianspoit ition paid) to the neaicst Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Boaid V-6 Volunteer Specialists TIis classification covcis leaily all oi the N ivy s 56 pett offieei speei ih'^t lalmgs If you know typing and Ol shoithand vou may bi cnli'-ted is i yeoman If you have had bookkeeping expeuenee you may be enlisted as a stoiekeepei If vou havi i h ii i idio ope atoi s license oi 1 now ladio vou m ly 1 e enlisted as i eeond class petty ofiieei md tiained to opeiate ft VUAR the Navy s seciet aiieialt deteetmg device Othei latmgs open to qu ilified men m this ela'-s i mgi a 1 the way fiom buglei to vveldei Fven laeulty men can enlist (at ai j Navy jceiuitmg ofiiee) since the ell s IS oiien to all healthy male eiti/ens between the a es ol 17 t )0 A jiettv offieei s lating m the Nav !'■ equiyalent in pav and laiik to that ol i seige ml m tl e Ai niv V-7 Midshipman Training Giaduates ol tl i thiie midshipman schools have w 1 numei us illations In thin letivities aboaid d tioycrs and no quito boats in the Pacific If vou a ( junioi ei 101 o ^laduiti tudent between the ates of 2U <*nd 27 inelusivi you in ly enlist now and ly dcfciied fiom ictivt duty until iceeipt ol y om do^^att In (dll mg the hcijiskm you mu t complete ^\o semestei s oJ math mi hiding one eouise m plane j|jigonometi \ You will thin be given M days indoe tlination at Notie Uami Univeisity and sent to one 4(1 the midshipman schools—at Noithwestein oi to yambia University oi aboaid the USS Piaiiie Stati p New Y&i-k City Upon completion ol this 90 day ©ouise in seamanship navigation oi dnanec and } un
qheiiSilKlDH MERRir- QO- ROUND By Drdw Pearson and Roberf S. Alien » a a 1 Kennedy Offered PosI As Head Of Shipbyildiiig; Army, Kavy Air Crashes Show No Increase WASHINGTON Apul 10—Joseph Patiick Ken iiedy foLinci U S Ambissadoi to the Comt of St James scaicely has been on speaking terms yvith the Picsident of the United States since he returned from London Once the tyvo were great friends but Kennedy dif fcied ladieally yvith Roosevelt legai ding the y\ai con tended that the President yy as going too fai in aiding Biitain Most of last yeai theiefoie Joe sulked m the backgiound frequently refer red to Roosevelt m derogatory Hngiiagt The other day however the Piesident wrote Joe Kennedy a letter making the amazing proposal that the e> Ambassadoi take ovei the consti notion of all meichant ships for the war program This is one ol the most important jobs m the Government Ex Ambassador Kennedy did not accept with alie iity He wiote back a letter outlining the teims and conditions undei which he would take the yob • Hopkins Moves To Whife House Several Government officials were driving by the White House in a taxi They looked out at the excavation and building,opeiations, onlv sear on one of the most beautiful gardens m the countrv \\onder what they’ie adding to the White House now’ asked one official Oh ’ replied the taxi drivei they le making more room loi Hairy Hopkins • Air Crashes With the tiemcidous vvai expain^ion of the Vimy md Navy iii branches has come an iccompanymg fitqueney of pi ess ropoits of clashes by fledglin„ pilots These stones have biought i flood of won led mquiies to Ma hmgton aiilhonties Relitucs of avntiis have expicssed eoncein ovei the number of these icculents md the adequacy ol the tiainmg piogr iius The WASHINGTON MERRY GO ROUND has m vestigited both matters For militaiv reasons de tilled figuies cannot be disclosed But the follovymg geiioializations can b published 1 That the L S peicentage ol accidents is less than that ot the British and appieiiablv un del the best available German hguies The eas ualty rate among Nazi tiamees is lepoited to be quite high due to limited tiamiiig facilities personnel and equipment 2 While U S iccidents have meieased luiinei ically because of the greatly increased numbei ol men in training the peicentage of accidents has not iiureased lodav it is iboiit the same as the latio in 1940 This f-'ct is ol kiy importan e since it means theie li is been no delei loi ilion in the basic quality ol the Vrmv md Navv m tiainmg sy stuns despite ‘■peed ups ind o h w ii
f actors
3 The present training systems are far superior to those of the World War. Trainees are selected more carefully and given much more and better instruction before they get their coveted
wings.
The question of allowing military air crashes to be reported has been a subject of inner circle debate for some time Some authorities contend this is valliable information to the enemy, and cite the fact that Britain has banned such press stories. The President however has not entirely agreed with this view He is ag unst public ition ol tot ils oi percentages but sees no objection to press reports of individual mishaps. This is the policy being followed but the question is still under discussion. ® Army Mascot The Piesident got a lettei the othei d ly th it touched him deeply It was delivered by Representative John McCormack, Democratic House leader, and was from a 13 year old boy of Hyde Park, Mass., who wanted to join the Army. His name is John McGrath, and this is what he wrote: You may think me silly but please try to understand I know 1 m too young to enlist a fighting man much too voting but what I m ask mg IS please could I be an Army mascot or serve some other way? Please. I have my father's and mother's permission to join up to defend our country. I want to do something with the U S Army. I don't care if I don't get one cent pay. You see, the war may be over by the time I m old enough to join. Don t think Im 1 intasfie because 1 leali/e what Im writing so please please let me In i mascot or SOMETHING Please. The President w is so moved by young Johnny's plea that he referred the letter to Secretary of War Stimson, but Army regulations contain no provision for 13 year old mascots. Decreed Major General Jamees A. Ulio, Adjutant General of the Army: Join will have to await his 18th birthday before he will have an opportunity to serve. ® Three Sides War Production chief Donald Nelson was guest of honor at a recent luncheon given liv Alabama concressmen and gave them son e inteiestm^ ml in i tion ibout the struggle to eon eit lehietint m hi tile to vvai piodietion Nelson spoil el the e itie sin he nd othei WPB officials have hid to endure on this score. What most ot the eiilics elo not see in to leuli/e obseived with a ^im is tint the i c ui not tw r sides to every question but thiee—thin lie ni leie md the truth (Copyright 1942 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc. ) nerj you will beeommis loncd in ensign m the N iv tl Reserve with il u \ iiid illowaiee lotalm,^ SIS pe month In peace time men to Ann ipohs Joi loni vcais to eiin the s line eommission in the ingulu Navy Any Navy iceiiutin office can accept preliminary applications for V-7 enlistment. Whethei oi not they ue called to mime hate letiv duty all men are dialt exempt iftci enli ting m the Naval Reserve All agite to scivc ioi the duiation ol the war except aviation cadets who agree to serve loi 4 years unless released sooner by the Nivy Department.
Today On WBAA
9 56 News 10 10 Ihc Cm 10 Man 10 15 LiJavctte rnffic Com I 10 45 Thealie of Song 10 55 News 11 00 Just Kids 11 15 Music 11 30 High Seheol Gue 11 55 News 12 00 Woman Shoppci 12 15 Tune Tine—Chulie Powell 12 30 Meet the Band 12 45 Mai kets 12 55 News 1 00 Ridio St ige 1 30 Bobby (funnels—suigei 1 45 Music 1 55 News 2 00 The St imp Club 2 16 Script 2 30 Music il Albums 2 55 News 3 00 The Aimy ‘^peiks ' 3 16 Aftoinicii Melodies 3 30 Iti Time Tune's 3 56 News 4 00 Tea Timt Tunes 4 30 WPA Piogmin 4 46 The Cm lo AI in 4 65 Now s 5 00 lust Relax 5 30 C o To Chiieh Siindiy 5 45 Little Miss krufiett 0 5r NJws 6 00 Diimei IIou 6 30 Spoi ts Rev lew 6 45 Mime 6 55 N w 7 00 Monite 1 s \cv 7 I'" Mome Defen c 7 0 I 11 ult ei Bush l^s 4o Music n Ne Vs 15 D ivc H ill jn u isl 0 Film th Pie Bc" with Stew \Vnlle i5 1 V 1 t 1 ills S j5 \ V 0 00 I 1 m M \ B 9 !0 nil (
9 JO '
Cooperatives To Hold Open House Sunday Cooperative houses east of Grant Street will hold then annual open house tomorrow from 3 to 5 pm 1,116 following houses will be open to the public Chauncey 215 Chaun cey, Glenwood 166 N (riant Mai wood 317 Vine Westministei 318 N Grant; Salisbury 411 N Salis bury; Novadale 117 State Antweedale 123 State Wesley Boys 136 State and Dover 41 N Salis bury The lem lining seven coopti ative houses held then open house March 29 Coed Swimming Club Elects New Officers
Je i'fcimdn
Purciii¥
Rain again-, disfiiptei^'i;he Roilermakpnjb^^^allfschediile^jand th.^; _^^stern Illiiiol^,. game,, .priginailiy,. sG^^iednlpd loTv^f stei;day afternoon will jbe ’playjed-,p»piO;r,:to, ;t']tiej^estei*n:,ii]inQis ,ga?be scheduled for thi&iaftpi’popn,, Thejilo.db][p,heahpr. will gdt, under way at 2 o’clock this afternoon at Ross-Ade field, weather permitting.;,.'., '
Safurddy/ T t, T942
'The Boilerniakers; will stick to the policy of substituting,pitchers, freeiy as they,have done; so far this season» due to, the damp', cool iweather
and Bill Burghardt will play short-
stop.:
• In the,outfield,.fronjiilelt,,to right
that has ..prevailed, Walt Leifheit, .willbe Paul Friend, sophomore, who the-backbone of the Boilermaker turrehtly leading tlm hit column pitching staff, will take the n,pund hase-knocks-out-of for tbe Riveters to open the game; trips .to the plate; Bob- Kersey, other men--who, will be. apt to see and eithef'-Carl: Hipp .oi’ Jim Rush, action on the mound include Tony lineup fpr,the second contest Berto, Ed Misselhorn, Paul Petrick, will consist .largely, of the same and. Irving Clasenian. players that saw action im tlm first, ^he othenhalf of the battery will performances, of-
be .Walt Smith; .either . George Burghardt or ; Jack, Swantz will start at .first; second will be covered by. Tom. Berger or Harry . ]M[cPeri;en; Ernie Young will hold down third; '• J- 'f* I ■■ ■■ ■■ ■■ PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS!
course.
: lavthe last three encounters, with the Western Reserve ball clubs, the Boilermakers have won three. This season the invaders come minus six of their varsity from last season, retaining their varsity pitcher, first and third basemen and an outfielder. So many of the reserves were also called to various government positions that their freshmen will' be allowed to compete this season. It was announced yesterday that the twice-postponed Notre Dame game has been rescheduled here for Monday afternoon.
114 Schidui^s
The following fraterniti^ will be ready tu tee off Saturday aft’erffttbil in the Inter-Fraternity Mass Golf Tournament:
, li o’clock
Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha Tau* Omega,, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Tau Delta, Kappa Delta Rho.
2 o’clock
Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa; Tau, Pi kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi.
3 o’clock
Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Pi, Theta Chi, Theta Tau, Theta Xi.. Those not being able to play Saturday, report Sunday morning or Sunday afternoon, .
MEET and EAT WALGREEN’S • breAUfAST 9 LUNCHEON • DINNER , • REFRESHING tiilEATSl YOS’RE ALiAVS WELCOME AT WALAREEH’S DRilS STORES 410 Main Street
The following teams will play -baseball Monday evening at 4:15: Diamond 1 Triangle vS. Theta Tau. 2 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 3 Delta Chi -Vs. Phi Delta, Theta. 4 Delta Upsilon-vS. Sigma-Pi. 5 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Clii Rho. 6 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Sigma Psi. ^ 7 Kappa Delta, Rho vs. Theta Chi. 8 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Tau Delta. V 9 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Chi. 10 Alpha Gamma Rho vs^ Alpha Sigma Phi. Tennis Results Following are the late results of the first tennis match of the season in which Purdue scored a clean-sweep iover Butler: Lupht beat Shumaker, 6-4, 6-4; Armstrong beat Kettery, 6-3, 2-6, 6-4; Stettner beat Neilan, 6-0, 6-1; Wells beat Shierley, 6ra, 6^0; DubSiinski lieat Trusty,, Srfr, 6.4;, 6-2; and .in doubles , Armstrong and Stettner beat Kettery and Shierley, 7-5; 6-2.
We came across a picture of Waite Hoyt dressed in a Cincinnati Red monkeysuit last Week. Hoyt has b^n working,out with the Reds at their training base at Tampa, building Up a background for- his job of broadcasting Cincinnatti ghmes this summer. jWioy* Wis jk Greif Piikher It hasn’t been so long ago Since W.aite was a'great pitcher. He was a polished huiler who had good equipment, fine control aiid a.good head. Hoyt knew how to pitch and when he had the stuij to supplement the cunning he was one of the* best in the American League, the kingpin pf the Yankee staff when it twice tore off Streaks of three straight pen-nants^l921,2-3 and 1P26-7-8; , \ , A better idea pf Hoyt’s pitching skill carl be gaiped by Ibpkirlg at his major league record in its entirety. He Won 237 games, in his 22 years of Big-Time hurling. Only three pitchers now actiye in the majorg have surpassed' that total., Ted Lyons; pei^enniar standby of the 'White,Sox is tops with 245 victories; Red Ruffing has won 244, and Carl Hubbell has 238
victories.. . .
A Real Money Player Hoyt was a- money pitcher in, all that the name implies. He has taken part in more World’s- Series than any other pitcher in baseball-^seven. Re won six iSeries games, as many as any other pitcher, ever won. Waite won two games in'the 1928 Series, when the Yankees were knocking off. the Cardinals in four straight, and in the 1921 classic, he pitched 27 innihgs against the Giants without allowing an earned run. 1^27 Yaiilcs Were Best Hoyt Believes that the best club he ever played on^and the best club ever assembled—was the 1927 Yankees. It Was a club which had; as much class off the. field; as on the diamond. Babe*Rqth. Bob Meusel, LoLi Gehrig, Mark Koenig; Tony Laszeri-, Joe Dugan, Earle Combs, Herb Reilnock, Bennie-,Bengough; Fat Collins, Bob Shawkey, .Urban Shocker, Gepi'ge Pipgras, Cy Moore—the list is long and famons. These Were tile Yankees Which set the.great Yankee traditions, the clubrof World-Series sweeps and of liberal purse splitups. Most of. the team loved the glare of the spotlight.. For most of them money came easily and went the same yay. Needless to say, Hoyt Was right at home on, this, ball'club. , , ' ' . Waite Came Op The Hard Way Through his new radio contract with WKRG ih,. Cincinnatti,' Waite stands to make nearly as much money a.s he did during his most pi-of-itable-baseball seasons. Hoyt came up . to his radio-job the-.hard way. Last yeai',. working, for WOR of the Mutual, Bi»oadcasting. System in New York; he?-had' one of the fnost diffi,cult assignments in sports broadeaBtr' ing. He would follow Red Barber at the completion pf the regular Dodger play-by-play broadcast and talk until the next quarter-hour. The hitch was Hoyt might; have to tMk for 59 seconds, or for 14-minutes and 59 seconds, depending entirely upon what time the Dodger gamd ended. Although he has: never broadcast play-by-play descriptions of ball games before, there is no reason why he shouldn’t be a- complete success at the assignment. We listened to him often last, season, and he has a fine speaking voice, good diction and an expert working knowledge of the game. , , . . ■: - Diamcind Background Tops All Others What.other radio announcers;can call on theBund of anecdotes which form Waite’s background? Most of them recite second stories of Babe Ruth; Ty Cobb, Lou Gehrig, Mel Ott, Babe Herman, etc. Hoyt played with them, and against them, .traveled with them and fought with them. He knows both sides of baseball, the triumphs of World’s Series, the brawls, the robkies, the stars. , ,
Coach Phillips pulls the curtain on the Boilermaker outdoor track; season this afternoon at East Lansing, Michigan, when the Boilermaker track squad runs up against the Spartanis from Michigan State. Twenty three Boilermakers Will take part in the proceedings this afternoon; three men are entered in each event. Besides the honor of victory to the winning team this .afternoon, will go the priceless trophy, fittingly deseribed in its . . . . name, “The Little Brown Jug'
emblem of Boilermaker-Michigan State track meets has been in existence for the last four seasons, two of which it was in the hands of the Spartans; and during the last two seasons it has been sheltered by walls of the Boilermaker
house.
Spartans Tough
The team from Michigan Stale that the Boilermakers meet this aft-"
One More Victory Te fin Stanley Cup
By Bob Krieger y,
With their backs to the wall, the Toronto Maple Leks will
, , ,1 T-. , , teams in the Midwest. In the lUHtoistangle with the Detroit Red q-gch Relays which were run kldCKWings in the motor city to- eago at the same time .the Butler morrow night, and attempt to Relays were being mn, in the Ba^ register their first victory ov- Fieldhouse, the Spartans^ten^ er Jack Adams’s amazing band Ten track
of puck chasers.
The Wings, who finished in fifth place, have already scored three straight victories over the Queen
teams. . .
Perhaps the two outstbftidiag members of the Spartan contingent are Scott and Milner, a iirilbi^ aild High jumper respectively. Shofit baa-
City aggregation, and need just one turned in the fine time of
more triumph in this final round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs to win posessipn of the Cup \yhich is emblematic Of the championship of the ice hockey, world.. . . Wings Hot At Home Detroit really got the jump on the current series, both of which were played in the Maple Leaf Gardens, home of the Toronto outfit. Since the Wings have been unbeaten in 12 home games on their own Olympic ice, they seem to hold all the trump cards. With such high scorer.s as Gordon Driilon, Syl Apps, and Sweeney (Continued on page 4)
Notice
Athletic Managers:
Please have your 'golfers report to the No. 1 tee this afternoon between one and three o’clock to play at least nine, of the eighteen holes. Our checkers will be at the course from 8 to 12 Sunday morning and from 2
the mile so far this seasofl, and Milner frequents the six five mark, oh the high jump standard quite regularly. ■' Boilermakers Tough To®, The Boilermaker runners have been preparing for this-initial door contest on the outdoor despite the weather..Every evaning^ rain or not the team practiced; Jh fact, Coach Phillips held time trial# for today’s meet in a mild sno'W storm. , f. Runners, when transferring from the indoor to the outdoor track sloiV down considerably. The soggy; outdoor oval is very unresponsive .to feet used to do spi'inging over a wyll conditioned inside field, and tifi. tjie track and runners become CQBditioned and accustomed i;espeetw^y, times are slow. Coach Phillip#,;,e:p.pressed satisfaction with th&sho)'^ ing his team made prior to the meet
today. '
Boilermaker Team
The team competing, at East Lan.-
to 5~Sun^ay afternoon. Play win^ today includes Banket;,
You can relax after an erijoyaBle nieal in the COFFEE SHOP
For a full meal dr for a snack between classes —try the deliciously different food served here.
P.S.: The breakfasts are "tops”.
Jhi
TTlmwiiaL lAjubn. The Corner of the Campus—^ Yet the Center of Activities
April II, 1942
Dear Senior
Bave ■you ever considered how much the EXBONE|}Ty,-, yfith all of its faults, coritributes to.-irour iife at Purdue, ' A,systematic campus news gathering techniquei- a > thorough sports reporting system, and moreover a voice for yourself if you v/ould use it as such, v^'■; T ’ ■ ' i. <■ t or On Thursday, everyone of.,you-,.received a lettep;;.;' from us designed specifipg(ii,y,,io inake subscribing to the EXPONENT as easy as possible. Remember, next year is 'the mo,st'want, to hear about Purdue^The > dethiis',..§re op ith^ letter we sent. you,rt again and send in your subscription now.
Sincerely yours,
n.
Oldman
continue throughout next week starting each afternoon at 4 o’clock for those unable to play Saturday or Sunday. M. L. Glevett
and Keim in the., dashqs; .Captain Anthony, Archer and Arnold in the quarter; Kemp, Jentch and Marozick in the half;. Conant and Kron in the hurdles, both low and bight Deusler, Appleton and MacLaugh-
lin in the distances.
In the field events. Dodge .an;d Livinghouse in the broad jumpi. Root and Calhoun in the shot- put and discus; Edwards and Grimm in the pole vault; and Anderson aBd McEachern in the high . i'
Ass't C)ire. Mgr,
P. S, Don't worry about an indbfipite or changing address, A card to ■qs will;;Change your addressing plate the day it is received.
Last Prom 1 was dressed as a pouter pigeon! “I looked fine in my tails—from the waist down. But my dress shirt rode up so high that I resembled tented, well-fed pouter pigeon!”
2 SURE-CURES FOR POUTER
DRESS.SHIRT WIAMMI
ARROW SHOREHAM-fw 1«M formal wear. Semi-aolt tached collar, and a pleated bosom. Snuf^ aisd comfortable! ,. ^
DewenteFis
416 Main Stieat
■
m
■■ - 'f’S#f ’ ff" '■ f^i-*|^,’''t'l i« (1 f ft- Bf's^ jJ f
fge4
^ ^ I ^ ^ Purdue Exponent Saturday, April 11, 1942
%i f
t fk’
A
University Calendar Saturday, April 11
1 00 PM—Pui due Dam D.n
Smith Hall
3 00 PM—Alpha Lambda Dtdtn Tin
, Dance
South Biillioom, Uitioil
6 00 PM—Am Chem Society Dinne'i
Meeting—Indpls Blanch
as Guests
Union
7 30 PM —Convocation—San Cailo
Gland Optia Compam
Hall of Music
8 30 PM —Union Mixei ,
South Ballioom, Union
8,30 P M —Chi Omega Dance
Noith Ballioom, Union
8 30 P M —WRH Spiing Dance
WRH
8 30 PM—Alpha Tau Omega Dame
Chaptci House
Personnel Notes
Holmes To Address American Chemical Society Today At 4
Delta Chi Announces New Officers, Pledges
“A Chciin^it s Aci\cntuit iii Mtdlanc,” will be the ‘;ubiect of Di H N Holme";, national pie'-ident oi the American Chemical Socict\, when he addie>ses the Univeisiti section of the Amciican Chemical SoC!et^ toda^ at 4 p in in loom lOG of the Chcmistii Building The meeting was picMoush scheduled for tonight but it was moved to this afternoon to enable the mem beis to attend the convocation Aftei the talk theiewill be a din nei in the Union at which Di Holmes will be the guest of honoi The membeis will then attend the “6aibei of Seville” in the Music Hall Seats will be leseived at the opera foi all those who puichased tickets foi the dinner Membeis of the Indiana section will be guests at the meeting and dinnei and opeia
Delta Chi, social fiateinity, elected the following officeis piesident, Bill Feik Mce piesident John A1 len, seoletal^, Robeit Manguin, house nianagci, L J Biuecknei, (onespondmg secietaij,J A Bioekci, sheiifl, P J Sobonya, pledge niastei R E Piobeit The following weie plidged John Rodaimcl Indianapolis, Jim Reed Bloomington, Jack White, Quincy, 111 W''a'\ lie Fostei Indianapolis, Jack Fiitchinan Pittsbiugh, Pa , Bob BodleA, East Chicago, Shoiwin tiiassel, Washington, D C , Bill Col hits, Spiingfield 111 , Call Westin, St Louis Mo John Gia'sbill, Elmhuist. 111 , Waiieii Eviston Hunt ington
4-H Mobilization Week Ends Today
Red Wings
(Continued fiom page ”) Schrinei still sniping at Johinn Moweis, Detioit's sophonioie goal le, the Leafs cannot be counted out of the pictuie entiieh lUstMt The piineipal Toionto obiectne how evei, appeals to be the stopping of Don Grosses the Wings flash-^ ecu ter, who slammed in a pan ot coals in each ot the hist two games Grosso has all each seoied eight goals foi the league plajofFs to match the modem leeoid set b-s Ce eil Dillon when he pla^ed with the New Tork Raiigeis in 19o’ He needs one moic goal to tie ind two moie to suipais the leeoui set b\ ( laicnce (Babe) D^e ot the Toion to St Pats in the 1922 jilaioffs Dctioit is sJiuotnig ioi its hist cup since its double tiiumph in 19 3G and 1937 Toronto alw ae s a top con tended in the legulai season hasn’t gained possession ot the Cup since 1932, when then gicat “Kid I^ine ’ of “Chuck” Conaehei Haivey “Bushel” Jackson and Joe Pii meau made life miseiable toi John Ross Roach in the New Yoik Rang ei nets
Obseivanee of Mobilization Week In 4 H Clubs all over the country ends toda> Mobilization Week was set aside by the Depaitmcnt of Ag iieultuie m an effoit to focus attention on what the 1 600 000 club membeis in the United States can do to aid the wai effoit According to Harry F. Ainsworth state 4 H club leader the membeis haee leeenth staited woik in many counties to aid in the sale ot de tense bonds in the luial sections, and ha\e helped eonsideiably in the collection campaigns tor waste pa pel sciap metals and othei matei lals Ainsworth said “Club mem be IS can and will lendei a veiy im poi tant SCI vice b^ inci easing the lood pioduction and then pieseiv mg that food The clubs have held special meet ings to listen to especially prepared programs and speeches which dis cussed the place of 4-II Club mem bers in the entire victory program.
Athletic Staff Will Honor Wrestlers At Dinner
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding M«rhinf'B all •fJd reni<^d repaired and i iiirha fd Mjm< t^rapb v^ork don* ( 1 LicrslufT OUo Mam Lufa^etip Phone 3 )
Studfiith 1 c 11 r uni inaie i cd iniiri s-prinJE roatlrf': c pri\at halli ( ntimi i hot ’wat<'r snmm r ntt Kn s !l St Phonp 249
DR PAUL A
RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD )
RISK
— DENTISTS
—
400 ^104 Schultx
Bldg
4rti and Mam St
Lafayette
gjimiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiG 1 Dr. A. M. Irion | i —- DENTIST — i
S 119 Vi Northwestern Ave I Phone 4965
s^jiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinr
GILLESPIE'S Dishes Silverware Glassware Cooking Utensils Dining Room Furniture 221 Columbia St Phone 6405
RECORD
dUL PcUiadsL
olle ra
with big name bands that play for Victor Bluebird, Coluinbii, Dccca and Okch
Moonlight Cocktail The Whislting Cowboy Horace Hcidt 3CS12 $ S3
I Don t Want to Walk Without You B 19 Harry James 36478 $ 53
String of Pearls Day Dreaming Glenn Miller 1 1382 $53
Skylark Good Night Captain Curley Head D nah Shore B 1 1473 $ 37
Miss You Rose 0 Day Freddy Martin B 11286 $ 37
When the Roses Bloom Again Always in My Heart Glenn Miller B 11438 $ 37 Deep in the Heart of Texas Kimanecro Down to Cairo Merry Macs 4136 $37
Blues in the Night Sometimes Dinah Shore B 1 1436 $ 37
Buckle Down Winsocki Shady Lady Bird Benny Goodman 36429 $ 53 The Marines Hymn Coast Guard Forever Fred Waring 18268 $53
in the McLean Music Store 514,Main St
rreahman Eitirincers Meet for cnRinceriiiK Iccturea Saturdny April 11 at 8 n m an Ihc Music Hall —KNAPP
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS FOR SUMMER WORK
Illinois Tool Works, Chicago, III. Date ot Visit Wednesday, \|)iil]5 Sophomores and Juniois toi Summer Work in 'lool engineering and Machine Design Departments Schedule an mteiview in the I’ersonnel Ollice before 10 a.m Tuesdaj, April 14. Uausch & Lomb Optical C o , Rochester, NY — Sophomore and Junior M E’s, Ch E’s and Science (with Rlnsies major), for summer avoik No representative will visit the campus Sign in the I’ersonncl Office befoie 3 p m Monday, A|)ul 13 National 1 ube Company, McKeesport, Pa —Sophomore and Junior M E’s, Ch E’s, Met’s, EE’s and Industrial Engineeis foi summer work No representative will visit the campus Sign 111 the Personnel Office before 3 p m Monday, April 13 Pratt AL Whilne> Aiieiafl, E Ilartioid, ( onil —Sophomore and luinoi Mcehanieal, Aeionautical, and industiial enginteis foi summei woik Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, April 13 COMP\NII]S S( IlLDULLD 10 VISIT C\MPIS E I DuPont dc Ncmouis A C o, Wabash Rivei Oidnaneo Woiks, Tciie Haute, Itid Theie is a need foi additional engmecis of all types in this division Sign in the Peisoniiel Office bcioie 3 pm Monday, Apiil 13 United States Rubber Company, Mishawaki Indian i — Men and yyomen liom all schools If iiittiested, sign m Ptisonnel Offiei' befoie Satuidiy Apiil 11 A leiucstntativc may Msit the campus iJ a sufficient luimbei sign u)) Chenjistry Majors i he Miles Label atones, Inc Elkhait, Indiana, have openings foi (\yo (hemieal ma lois in then analylieal and coiitiol laboialoiies Those not subieet to selective seiviee aie ])iefeiied as thev desiie to letain these chemists on then staff—Eel F Ueg( i mg Cast School ot \pplud Seienet, ( levcland, Ohio—B S in t C, ME oi EE, yyith oi yvithout teaching e\ poiienee foi positions as instiuet 01 s Sign in Peisonnel Office beloie Wednesday Apiil 16 Philco Radio Coip Pliiladelpliia Pa 01 Uctioit, Michigan—B S m M S in ME 01 I E Sien up m Peisonncl Office beloie A)n il 14 Gioige Pollock Company Saei<mento Calif C E ME EE foi yyoik on a slnpbuildiiu eontiaet Sign in Peisonnel Office beloie 1 ii day Api il 17 Commonyvcalth & Southern ( oipoiation Jackson Midi Juniois toi summei yyoik Si,„n in Peisonnel Office beloie Fiiday Aptil 17
eleetiieal engineeimg society, announces election of the follftyving officeis Joe T Youngblood, chanman, Heniy J Reed, piogiam ehaiiman ,Ed ICeipel, publicity chan man, Robert A VanBehien, membeiship chan man, Byion L Faisons, secietaiy, Lewis L Bonham, tieasuiei, Richard E Boohei, sen 101 lepiesentative
StudC^iit War Council MclIxub Saturday April 11 ift 1 p m in the Student Senate Office New members please attend —DIBOS
Ir & Sr Mets Meetinit tuesday April 14 4 pm in tuom 802 of the Met Buildmu 1) (Udile on AIML einestion - STARKLY
Gold Pepper Activea Meeting Moliddy, April H at 4 p m In room 306 of tltitOh to select pledges Attendance la cOmj^ll|6^^y
Exponent Staff Meeting of all Junioi rditorinl men in thi Exponent olTici Mon
elav Apiil 14 at 4 p m BROPHY 240 of the Union
I orfnal initiation wflf* be
om
Tail Bela Pi
W< dnestliiv April 15 at 7 IB p m in rfm
—BRANNER
Catholic Studenta A number of studenla are yvanted for the Catholic aummer camp Those inteiestcd call 2501 —BROCK
Water Ballet Group Ballet practice for WAA penny carnival will be held Frielay at I Sunday at 10 p m and Mortdav at 1 The following will please report A Watci bury R Cnsler M rieager B Harrison P Amliim I llembricks I Browne S Johnson 'il 1 aimer M Smith M, Graves -JOHNSON
Notices
Archery Tournament All pcreoim Intel tslcfl m competing: in all enmpub archerj toiunnment please attind the mcotmK of the Archery Club next Monday April 13 in room 104 of the Ficldhouse IRLYMAN
IMii Lambda Upsilon Informal mceiinj; Sitnrdny Apul 11 at 1 )> m in Room 370 of tin Chemistry lUiiIdinj; ->MONir.OMLRY
(hcmiHtrv Majors The Miles Lubota tjrus Inr Flkhnit Ind have opUntiBR foi Ivvo chrniic'al majors in their analytical and control lal natonis fhose not sub lect to the draft arc profei rod as thev desire these chemists on their statT —DDGLRING
Mens I dicing: Tourncj The followinp: nun will please leport at the FieldhouHc between I and (> p m Mondnv April li to (omplctc the foncinc: tournament Faiiurc to report will result In a forfeit R 1 !lr^nnt L D Acheson J L Cumminjirs I H Schwinkcr D H Greini I A Wheeler Rnv Larson — OAKFS
C L 64^ A conditions Ust in Highway Ccnstiuction will bt held at 1 10 pm ‘^at nrdav Apiil 11 In room 20l> of the Civil 1 ni^Huennjr Imildinp Permits frem tlu contioilers olfiee must be presented at time of the test PI ftY
Gold Peppers Picnic Tiusdav Apul 14 at 6 00 p m Me( tat women s t,ym an 1 tlu n po to the WAA cabin In cast of ram the picnic will be held in the Pi Phi bum room Please notify either Gail Honnis 1 aith Wayne Rcckv Poivine nr Barbira loid before Mondiv night if you cannot ko -1 OIID
Gold Peppers lunie 10 tponed I Ians ai luintr mail foi Iuimiu «t luesday April li WaUh ff i fuitlur ikvtlopments 1 ORD
Kog'islrniion Workers St idents wlu ^Msll to work for llu R(t,istiai dnnnK th( sum nur U nil rei,istiution M ly 1 and f an leiiiUbttd to m ikt II pli< ilion at the Regis ti u s offK Ihost with pr<\iou txiKi 1 1 te if (j,istrati i 1 m ( tlui ekrical jol s ail uven iiefiieiiei SI ONI
(anuni t lub Mi minis t ikliiK plnl.)it rnphy i )ur e lab i n \ nntii u and cnl irprinK will It In Id Satuidij Ainl 11 at 1 30 p m in darl loom J( IRULIU OOU
Military Code Instruction M n who iju il i(nd at ( w ) m or 1 tti 1 nul desire a err tificat to th it ifftet bl uid contact It BurKbiit in Iiiotruct rs Rotm of Armorv -BURKHART
Slaj,e Stump Studio Banquet Committee C t bill inU in inmuliitch Ph n 21'’^ I LRVINI
rivA 1 lcfii,cH 1( I w il I In I 1 ( n 1 ic 1 11 itc n li S Ui I I > Air! 11 at I lu p m in room 103 of Ih Ui ion OSlUANDJ R
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Membeis of the Boilciniakei Big Ten championship wic&tling squad and Coach Claude Rccck yvill be the guests of mtmlieis ot the Rivitei athletic staff at an intoimal dinnei it the Lincoln Lodge on Monday night, Apul 13 A paiticulai till) ute will be paid to the foui Boik i makeis who won individual Big Ten titles Tho'-e who will be honoied are Malcolm MacDonald, Captain Casey Fredericks, Mark Matovina, and Frank Ruggieri.
Just Unpacked... TWO ADORABLE NEW FROCKS By “Princess Peggy”
(3^
Mv
Abo> c ( I AMOUJt ( IM Milli i m n ts 1 t h lilt n t li i J I bl Si/ s 1 1 ' ' \
Rif,ht Rl( Mil I IJOl 11k Hill 11 I 1 n I I I I I I I ll III I I I UK Si/ 1' lo 0
Thieme & Wangerin
B2£!-li2(j Main StruBl
Town Girlfi Club Pienn Saiuriliy Aiiil 2> at I 30 p m in Happy Hollow Mitt in Wist Facultv Ixiunse before starting PI asc Mtn up at West dt^xk in Union bv M nulav Apul 20 Brine? 20 cents fur lood when vou sikTi up —GRAVIS
Pi Tan Siirmn PIcdjfes Meetinj? luesdav Av ril 11 at 4 00 p m in Ml ReaditiK room All pledgts must be prcbcnt —GREGORY
Reamer Club Mcttin^ MoIula^ April 11 Tt ” 30 pm in ro im iOi tf tlu Union PI 'I'xe brinp show tickets and money I oi mil initiation at 6 pm Sunday Apul 12 in lower room with a baniiuet followini. Remember tonight —RUllNLR
All Sfudents Studtnls who expect to ebangt from one schuil witbm the Univcr sitv to anotlur at the tnd of the prc'&ont simestir in advisid to obtiin the necessary blanks at onet from the Rtgistrnrs of bee —STONL
ASME Members There will U a ehstd meeting next Tuesday April 11 at 7 iU p m in ME building 207 Llection of oificer foi 42 13 Will be held it this met ting Rt freshments will be served TOPINKA
Sabu and J’atiieia O’Roiirko pJaj (he (op stedJar loles in Alexander Ivoicla’s rethnieoloi speetaele based on Rudyard Kipling’s “Jungle Book,” due foi its picmicie at the Mars Theatre on Saturday
WAA Toiinis 1 v \ i ni d tiacLier^ must ll ill 111 u Ml nda^ April 3 Prat Il I nii\ I pi ivi 1 nnvtiriu Scheduled pjutiL ni Ills in Ml ndaj and Tlnirsday SCHUBLK
S(icie<% of AiitinuitiNC F ngincers Ihur fli\ \pnl I I ilui w 11 b mminitil and ilictid 1 i tlu oi ninu. Mil oi sumim r M sif n J s \\ ill 11 I (.1 k 1 (hill ni in score lTr\ If Ll M } i‘'idint and xkc iliiirniin in < h irei ot nuitine piibluitv ud n ml rship will b chi si r All mi m 11 r 1 iiull\ I in tlu Clustnut Rum of th Uni n at iO p m Ri freslunents will be SCI V d IvP IL
You re Lucky if you have a supply of good woolen elothes on hand. -
Protect them ivilh Crown Cleaning
Pill lambda Upsilon Infiimil initiation Sitirlav iftirno n Aj ril 11 at 1 in room ‘^0 Ch nusliy buikiiiu MONK OMI UY
Glider Club ' ng l(sip ne«l uiLil I h ir d i\ A ril l( Fki tion 11 t niciis w ill bl hel I it this m i link C ASSl I
I I
Top ol llii* Hill
LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
STLlJhJNTS! Lei’s all play our part in this great Defense Program by buying stamps NOW! Come to the PURDUE UNION and uuv L. S. DEFKlVSt: BDIDS and STAMPS
★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
ijp