-
' ■iv]^5’!'^!'■‘'.'^ "'I’’! '* ’.,' ‘ ‘ !‘’\A'''^J'‘^f''‘^^i‘{''''Kp/'^'A'pp^--' '* ' Vfrilfi i.''* 7 h'^V; \v''>'7j,'''‘‘'''^'’7,’’'j- u'l ^ > ,'' ' , '*’, ■*' *,’" '*''»■''?,’‘i. ',’ , j ' , ' ' ^ V , , ’ • ' ■
i 1' .' i
„ ' ’ i 'n .1 f, f
SPORTS Seven Wrestler^ Win Matches
Established 18^9
x/oxmeM 9 Daily Since 1906
edit Will Peace Stop Dictatorships?
Volume 53, No. 141
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, March 14, ISMf2
<ni» VttSiaMTOH MERRY'QOROMI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Leon Henderson Asks President For Ceiling On Farm Goods Prices WASHINGTON, March 13. — Plain-talkinft' Price Administrator Leon Ilonder.son has long wanted to clamp down a ceiling on I'arm pi ices and wages a.s the sui-est way to forestall a disastrous I'unaway inflation. lie tried to get authoi ity to do this in his price-control bill, hut a log rolling coalition of farm lobbyists and unionitcs balked that. But v^hile he was licked among the political minded “statesmen” on Capitol Hill, Henderson is still determinedly pressing his plan. Sovei'al weeks ago he sent the President a confidential memorandum bluntly opposing the increased wage demand of CIO’s Steel Workers’ Organizing Committee in the socalldd “Little Steel” plants. The other day, at a luncheon conference with the President, Henderson j'eturned to this attack with a doUble-baiTelled proposal. He urged that the President— 1. Direct the War Labor Board NOT tb grant an increase 111 steel wages. 2. Authorize the Office of Price Administration, headed by Henderson, to announce that henceforth wage increases will not be considered a basis for seeking raises in prices from OP A. In other words, Henderson proposed to the President that the price control powers of the recently enacted law ho used to accomplish what Was thwarted by the fai m-la-bor lobby—a freezing of wages. The President listened very attentively while his ace Price Controller Explained his plan and then with a smile remarked, “That’s quite a load of dynamite you’ve just outlined, Leon. I thought Phil Murray would have a stroke when he read youi’ memorandum. But he’ll have to ho cari'ied out when he hears about this plan.” Ships First There was a hot debate inside the Maritime Commis.sion over whether Captain Torkild Richer, ex-chair-man of the Texas Oil Compmiy, should he put in charge of the Savannah Shipyards, Inc. This was because Richer was exposed in lO-lO as a friend of Nazi agent Dr. Gerhard Wcstrick, also as having been on intimate terms with Field Marshal Goering, and as having done business with the Nazis. When all this was disclosed. Richer resigned as chaiiman of Texaco. Therefore, when it was proposed that ho and Ed l''arley, of the World War Shipping Board, take over the Savannah Shipyaids, Maritime Commi.ssioncrs Woodward, Carmody and MacCaulcy objected. To settle the question. Chairman I,and finally wont direct to the Piesideiil. This was his reply: “If the devil himself can build ships, I’ll hire him.” Nule: Significant fact is that the friends and brother-in-law of Tom Corcoran, cx-Brain Truster, had the original Savannah contract, and, unlike most shipbuilder.s, had not borrowed one cent of gjlivernment nioney. However, so much unfavorable publicity resulted fiom Corcoran’s connetion with the deal that the Maritime Commis.sion transferred the yards to Richer—and now may get even more put)licity. Staggered Washdays 1 10 M The war will bo brought home to American housewives through th(' Monday'washing and the Tuesday ironing, ’fho day is not lar off when housewives in certain areas will bo asked to stagger theii' washing and ironing throughout the w(>ek,^ for the sake of national defense. '' New war produclion planis are creating such a demand for power that domesfie use of eleelricily will have to be curtailed. Tiie (See MEBRY-GO-UOUND, page 2)
Debate Groups Compete Today Delegates From Six Schools To Take Part In Final Contest Representatives from the University and five mid-western schools—Notre Dame, Chicago, Iowa, Minnesota and Indiana —will compete in the final sessions of the two-day Western Conference Discussion Meet this morning at 8 and 10 in room
257 of the Union.
Pan American relations with respect to the existing Good Neighbor Policy is the subject about which this meeting—the third in a two semester series
University Receives Approval For Spring Civilian Pilot Training
Bill Oefzel Will Play Correspondent For Mixer Tonight Lauds Heroism In Union Ballrooms Of Ex-Student
“Music Styled With a Smile,” will be the keynote of the regular Saturday mij^er tonight, featuring Bill Oetzel and his band from 8:30 to 11:30 in both Union ballrooms. Oetzel has played for many college proms at midwestern universities. Some of his more recent engagements were at the Hotel St. Nicholas, The Illinois Ballroom, Dutch Mill, Trianon, Belle Air
—is centered. Previous Western Conference Debate Meetings were held at Iowa last October and at Minnesota last
November.
Representing the University in the discussion finals this morning-will be the following' team coached by R. W. Horn of the speech department: Kenneth W. Buxton, .loan S. Canning, W. P. Pelers, .lane M. O.strander, .Jorge F. Roach and Armando M. Sehemel-
Paria.
To Aiuiouncc Winners
Director Mcikle has just received authorization to proceed with the ground and flight courses of the spring Primary Cicilian Pilot Training Program. Immediately after payment of the credit fee of ten dollars to the University Cashier, the following men should report to the
Following the discussion ses.sion.s Airport to begin flying: .John For-
syth Alhert, Frank Aker Jr., Bernard Berman, Warren Bernhard, Eugene A. Bohlke, Howard Rinkholder, Philip Wayne Fisher, William L. Gallic, Nathan E. Greear, Jerome M. Goldman, Thomas D. Hall, Robcut A. Johns, Jolm R.
Lundqiiist.
Hugh Watson McIntyre, Thomas Melton, Thomas C. Mullins, Donald S. Powers, Paul Eugene Rogers, Frank Ewing Scuddor, Kenneth J. Smock, Maurice B. Sunderland, John Howard Thomas, Harold Eugene Thomp.son, James Richard Terrill, Philip Cordon Seitner and
Harrison D. Willcutts. ' Medical Fee ReUirnod
The medical foe paid by each of the above students will be returned upon receipt of the funds from the government and proper insurance
„ . , , , coverage will be provided before the
mg at 9:30 m the assembly room of
this morning, a luncheon will be held at noon in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union for the 17 en-
(Continueil on page 2)
Annual Short Course Ends As 95 Farmers Receive Certificates Having completed then- eight weeks’ winter short course in agriculture, 95 .young farmers principally from throughout the state yesterday received from President E. C. Elliott their certificates indicating this achievement. The ceremony took place yesterday morn-
Agricultural Hall.
V. C. Freeman, associate dean of the School of Agriculture, spoke to the gathering on the significance of the winter cour.se work, a program of study which has been offered each year for more than 60
Those applications who have completed all requii’cmcnts, including the medical examination, should call Dr. E. Lowell Kelly or Captain L. I. Aretz immediately so that they may be fingeiprinted at the Municipal Airpoit in Indianapolis begin-
yoars to young farmers unable to ni^g. .^t 1:00 p. m. Monday, March come to the University for four iq
years of study. Medals Awarded
Medals for highest scholastic achievement in various phases of the short course work were awarded at the meeting by the heads of the dciiai tments in which the scliolar-
ship was attained.
Entertainment was piovided by the winter course glee club, direclod by Prof. F. E. Robbins of the agronomy department; vocal solos and electric guitar numhcis were presented by graduating members of the winter short course.
Teachers Will Speak At- Diefet-ics Meeting Miss Helen Purinton of the department of foods and nutrition will appear on the program at the meeting of the Indiana Dietetics Association at Indianapolis today with Professor Ruby Clark and Miss Margart Hirt, who are members of the department of institution management. Dr. Cecilia Schuck, associate professor of nutrition, will
preside at the meeting.
Reporter Discovers Col. Beere As Qualif ied Educator, War Hero
By Don I'''rier Since Col. Beere teaches no student classes in the Military Department and has no diiect dealings with the students, we decided to make his \acquaintancc—for oui - selves and anyone else who might he influenced by the department which the Colonel heads. Accordingly, wo entered the Armory office at the beginning of afternoon classes. It was nearly 2:00 when we finally entered the sanctum sanctorum after having talked our way past two secretaries, two sergeants, a captain, and a major. Having spent the noon-hour with one of the local luncheon clubs, the Colonel was iu a mellow mood when he repljed to our stalement that we knew him only by the insignia on his unifoim, “Those eagles on my shoulders—Hmmm ? ~I expect you follows would he more inlerosted in a chicken on your knee.” We didn’l contend that supposition. Educalor and Engineer No small part of his career have 1)0011 the years Col. Beere has spent as a teacher and art army engineer. After graduation from West Point in 3 910, he was engaged for two
V y
years in the militaiy survey of-the Philippine Islands. Returning from foreign duty ho was an instructor ill mathematics and surveying at West Point during the iieriod from 1913 lo 191(1. Affer the war he received duty as an instructor iu the Field Artillery Ollieers School, Graduation from the Cominaiid ami General Stall' School and the Army War College qualified him lor an iustrucLorship in (he former school where he taught from 1928 iinlil
1932.
Distinguished Service Cross Just prior to World War I, h'irst Lieutenant Beere was stationed on the Mexican Border. Leaving this post to join the A. E. F., ho madi' an excellent combat recoid while overseas. He returned with the wartime rank of colonel and the honor of holding the Distinguished Service Cross awarded i'or heroism in action near Ruzancy, France, on Novomher 3, 1918. Wo concluded that Col. Beere, engineer, teacher, combat artilleiyman, and D. S. C. holder, would iiof, like the dime-novel brass hat, be rotten to the “corps.”
Bill Oetzel, who will play at Hie regular Saturday Mixer tonight. Count I y Club and Hotol Butler. Feminine Vocalist Feminine vocalist with the band is Bette Jane Daye. The male half of the singing section is Chet Walker. Besides teaming with Oetzel and Walker for mixed songs, BcLIo Jane sometimes assists the trio, “Two Notes and a Rest.” Another featured unit in Oetzol’s hand is “The Pretzels.” This group, styled as a “band w’ithin a band,” is a small group of regular band members which plays Dixieland
swing.
'j Scabbard and Blade Pledges Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, announced the following list of men at their annua'J dance last night: Jack G. Scharfl- (Senior), John W. Elliott, Fred T. Esenwein, Charles B. Leber, Ralph A. Luebben, Harvie M. Merrill, Hobart M. Jobiu^on, Walter H. Lupke, George L. Richey, Ralph AV. Deu.ster, William L. Korte, E. Warren Johnson, Robert iV. Schoetf, Joe T. Youngblood, George H. Frcnndlich, William H. Traylor, Frank E. Kuhn, Fred J. Vollmer, Robert M. McKee, Norman K. Marozick, Robert J. A'i.sin, Edward L. C/enkuseh, Imuis .1. Fadale, Flojd J. McDonald, Robert E. Wilson, Robert R. Cartmell, Richard W. Taylor, Robert L. Hadley, James C. Hunt, Gilbert R. Weller, h'red 1. Jones, Jasper II. Loiidenback, Glen W. Rilenour, Kenneth W. Doversberger, Dan ('. Ross (Bund), Roy (Viers (Band). Union Will Require Stamps For Dorsey Tickets for the T. Do)soy mixer, to he lield on Satin day night, March 28, went on sale yesterday afternoon at the table outside the sweetshop. Coulrary (o prt'vious aimouneoniont (Ifly eenls iu defense stamps must accompany I'ach ticket in order to gain admission lo the dance. This is Hie same number of stamps IhaL are required for admission to a special convocation to he held III llu' aflernoon and the same stamps wift seive for boHi the convocation and the mixer. Tickets will he on sale eveiy aft-ei-noon and students are urged to purchase their mixer tickets early lo avoid the i iisli Union To Sponsor Free Sf. Patrick's Tea Dance St. Patrick’s tea dance will be siionsored by the Union on Tuesday, March 17, from 4 unlil 5:30 iu the North ballroom of the Union. Defense stamps will bo sold at the (lance. These stamps also may he used I'or the, Tommy Dorsey convo. No admission will he charged at' the tea dance.
Reporter Tells Story Of Fighting Over Java What university men are now flying- in Java and fighting for the United Nations' cause? The Exponent and also all of the campua would like to know. George Weller, of The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, in a copyrighted article a few days ago, from an “American Air Base Somewhere in Java” told of the exploits of a Purdue trained engineer in part of his story as follows: Pilots First Success “An American fig-hter pilot, bearded and sweaty as ho arose from the seat of his plane after repelling an enemy attack against Soerabaja, told your coi'respondent how he had gotten his first Jap bomber a few minutes before. The pilot, an engineering graduate of Purdue University, took the battle somewhat as a matter of course, not even wagging in signal of his success when he landed. “ ‘There were four of us, led by Majoi; Bud Sprague, against their 17 bombers with overhead fighter protection,’ he said. ‘When they saw us coming, they veered away at a 90 degree angle. They were moving in an open V formation, like flying geese. I went for the leader. ••'Ivory gun was working beautifully.’ Superior Planes “ ‘I came down at a shallow angle to their level, about 22,000 feet, so fast the Jap didn’t have time to dpdg'o. My guns ripped across ]iim; he was burning before I reached him. I hopped over him, then heard trouble on my tail. It was a zero after me. Our planes can outdive theirs, so I pushed the stick over. As I dove, I saw three planes falling into the sea, all burning.’ “As he munched me fried chicken and gulped the coffee that had been brought to him, a message came from Soerabaja, that a total of six Jap bombers had been .cpnfirmed as shot down.”
Sevitzky Directs Concerts AAonday Symphonic Group Will Play In Music Hall At 2:30,7:30 Playing for a regular convocation at 7:30 in the evening in addition to a children’s afternoon concert, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, under the baton of Dr. Fabien Sevitzky, will appear in the Music Hall Monday. Passports and single admission tickets will be honored at the concert Monday night. The special program at 2:30 for children in Tippecanoe County
Hybrid Corn Growers End Two Day Meeting; Discuss Effects Of War
is being sponsored by the La-* fayette Unit of the Women's Committee of the Indiana State Symphony Society. Composed of 85 musicians, almost all of whorp are under thirty-five years of age, the Indianapolis orchestra is the youngest of the sixteen major symphonic groups in the country. Its career began four years ago when Dr. Sevitzky succeeded Dr. Ferdinand Schafer as permanent conductor in November,
1937.
Now in its fifth season, the orchestra hak broadcast over the three major networks and has made RCA Victor Red Seal records. This year the group will play in 24 cities be-
Thc foregoing story appeared in the Daily News a few days ago while the fighting in Java was still underway. Surviving Players To Enter 2nd Round Of Bridge Tourney Second round games of the Un-ion-sponsored bridge tournment will be played today at 1 p.m. in room 3(53 of the Union. Sixteen teams survived the first eliminations and will compete today and next Saturday for the .gold and silver trophies which will bo awarded to the winners. If one man of a team cannot play at either of the final sessions, his partner may secure a substitute. AH such substitutions should be reported to the toiiinamerit director. In case both members of a team are unable to play, they will he disqual-
ified.
The teams which will play today arc as follows: North-South winnois. Stems and Wentworth, Dunn and Wasson, Moeller and Pashlcy, Gardner and Sells, Gillette and Laddon, Southmayd and Melzer, Shinier and Worsley, Polsor and Kintner; East-West winners, Anderson and Evans, Roth an^UEvan.s, Zimmerman and Coombs, Kitsch and .lolinsoii, Moran and Nielson, Ridoux and Bo.snaid, llamher and Rcade, Rumhlo and Drake. H. B. Hass To Lecture At Penn State College Dr. II. B. Hass, head of the department of chemistry, will go to Pennsylvania Slate College next week to give the annual Priestley leclui'o series. Profes.sor Hass will discuss research carried out in the University department of chemistvy during the past 13 years. The Priestley lectures were established 17 years ago to honor the memory of Joseph Priestley, di.scoverer of oxygen, who lived in Northhumborland, Pennsylvania, during the last years of his life. Dr. Ha.ss is the lust organic chemist to bo invited to give the lecture^.
War and it.s effect on hybrid corn seed shipments was the topic of discussion yesterday at the final sessions of the fourth annual twoday hybrid com conference lield at the University. Discussion from corn breeders and bag manufacturers bi ought out the fact that the shortage of cotton bags due to the present world war has greatly hindered seed shipping. Some of the
methods Lo cope with the shortage sides Indianapolis, that were suggested by producers Honors
were using pape^- bags, requesting the return of bags or allowing discounts on the purchase for the re-
turn of the bags. Other Problems
Other problems discussed by the hybrid seed growers were advertising, technical phases of seed production, federal and state seed laws, regional cooperation in corn improvement, fertilization, control of corn ear worms, European corn borers and other harmful insects. Dean H. J. Reed of the School of Agriculture discussed the release of inbred lines in the corn belt states. Other talks were given by Dr. M. T. Jenkins of the U. S. Department of Agriculture on corn improvement and by G. L. Smith of the University on the production of popcorn
hybrids.
J. A. Brookbank Presents 15 Pictures To University J. A. Brookbank, general manager of the Indianapolis division of International Harvester Company, has presented the University with 15 pictures showing the progress of mechanization of agriculture. H. J. Reed, iDean of the School of Agriculture, accepted the pictures, which will be hung in the halls of the Agricultural Engineering Building.
The first fete of Dr. Sevitzky in the musical world was the winning of the Cesar Cui scholarship for double bass at the Imperial Conservatory of Music. Upon his graduation, magna cum laude, he played in the Moscow Imperial Theater until 1915. Following his participation in World War I, he played in Warsaw befoi’e coming to the United
States in 1923.
Since arriving here, Dr. Sevitzky has played with the Philadelphia Orchestra and founded the Philadelphia Chamber Sti’ing Simfoniette, which was the first all-string orchestra in the world.. He appeared with the Indianapolis Orchestra in 1936 as a guest conductor, which led directly lo his present position. With the founding of the “Sinttfoniette,” Dr. Sevitzky began his policy of including at least one American composition on evei^ program he conducts. He often presents compositions of Rimsky- Kotsakow and Glazounow, under whom he studied while in Russia.
Tickets
Tickets for the afternoon performance are priced at 28 cents for children and 66 cents for adults, and may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Loeb’s, or at the door. Single admission tickets for the evening concert will be available at the cashier’s office for $1.10. There Will be no advance sale.
Mecca For One Night Stands... 'Down Beat' Poll Shows That Country's Biggest Name Bands Have Played Here
By B. L. Toiirmohlin The appearance of Tommy Dorsey in the Music Hall March 28 presents a new chapter in the parade of name bands at the University. Although Paul AVhiteman played several years ago for a convocation here, the nearest approach to a concert of swing music in recent years has been the swing sessions formerly held 111 the Union ballrooms. Two A Month Purdue probably has two of the best campus ballrooms iu the country, and the best orchestras of today have played here on the average of nearly two a month for the last four years. (I'his average may seem rather high to some of you, hut glance hack through the last four years of Exponents ami you will have the story. Some idea of the quality of dance bands as well as the quantity that have phryed on the campus is clearly shown in the recent Down Beat Band Poll. Down Beat magazine, commonly called the musicians’ bible, is probably one of the best barometers of dance band trends. Out of the first fifteen bands of the swing band division listed by Down Beat, nine have played for Purdue proms, mixeis, and other dances. Prom the first fifteen sweet bands
listed in the poll, seven have played here on the campus. Quantity And Quality When quantity is considered, Purdue’s total is likewise a significant figure. Thirty-four of the nation’s best swing bands were listed in the Down Beat Poll. Thirteen out of this total have played here at Purdue in the last four years. Iii the sweet b,and division sixteen out of the total of thirty-eight listed have played here. Taking into consideration that many of the hafida like those of Stan Kenton, Vaughn Monroe and Harry James, and other eastern bands seldom play in tho middle west, the swing band totftl is even more impressive. Sweet bands a.s those of Eddy Duchin, 6uy Lombardo, and Wayne King rarely play for anyone except those i» the East who can afford to pay expensive cover charges at the large hotels. Ill other words they don’t play for the kids who buy cokes, but Ipr those who buy $4.50 dinners. Shaw Started Parade Early in the fall of 1938 Aftie Shaw started thjs parade Of goo4 dance bands when he played for what the profession calls “bea»8 anil blankets.” One month lattt Shaw had hit the top and coaUbi^ (Continued on page 4)
%>#^.’ ;'•• ■' ■
:
PSifiMS ExpM&tt
m
■m
llp^Deamocracy Our Go^l?
Bc^jttc! to the contrary, enthusiasm for the war is at a high pitch. The count on'which bemoaning is really justified, liowever, is that this collective enthusaism tor victory will, in all probability, rapidly pe’teTP'Oiit dpon termination of armed hostilities. "Allegedly‘ We Ore-fighting for a cause. Altiioiigll we^ve made slight alterations in tihraseology, we profess to be applying armed force-toward the establishment of freedom and democracy throughout the world. We niight‘as'well-stop deluding ourselves. Victory over the Axis will not have established one iota of democi'acy. If Hitler is crushed one obstacle in the path of democracy will have been eliminated; but a thousand new Hitlers will be Waiting to take his place unless a constructive program is inaugurated to establish democracy.'Othdr obstacles to democracy—-Mayor Hauges, vested interests, racial discrimination, otc., will also present a problem, a probtem Which will demand all the enthusiasm that this war has ever produced. Unless we’re just plain fighting for the sake of .fighting, we’ll have to admit that cessation of hostilities will only be the beginning of the real fight. In this phase of the struggle it’s just about considered high treason to even suggest that our armies may be defeated. Why wouldn’t it be just .as seditious to doubt the perfectability of man in the later struggle for real democracy ? If We are now fighting for democracy, we -are fighting so that laborers, as well as owners and managers, will reap generous portions of society’s produce. Democracy implies the
greatest amount of production at the lowest possible- cost.' It implies shorter hours, mote leisure time, abolition of child labbt, emVldyV ment opportunities for all, better housing, etc. We are fighting for social justice not only in America, but in Germany, Japan, India, Alaska, Britain, Peru, Tahiti, Kentucky, and—oh
yes, Pango Pango..
Is it fair to assume that every bond buyer, every Britain bundlbr, every fire warderi, and every top sergeant has real democracy as his ultimate objective? Is it fair to assume thkt these patriots will continue the fight for democracy as enthusiastically in the Voting booth, at bundleS-for-migratory^workers meetings, in the press, and on the stump when the war ends? If these patriots should cease the fight in the days on reconstruction would there be any possible way of justifying the
war, if it can be justified at all ?
^ 't ‘i ■ t. . '■ # -'1; " f j' HSaturday^ March 14
1:00 P.M.—Bridge Tournament ..South Ballroom, Union 8:'30 P.l®.—^Union Mixer ..^ .'Norfh ^allrodim, Uhibn 8:30 P.M.i—T.A.P. Dance South Balh'dom, Union 8:30 P.M;—Theta Tau Pwmtil .'Dittiditn'ftall 9:00 P.M,—Purdue Christian Foundation t House .. .....:Room 363, Union
Todays On WBAA
Persomiel H'Otes
University Presbyterian Church North'StrbBt at Grant Street
dfohn W. 'Plhdtey, 'pastdir and
Director of Westminster Foundation
Joanne-Llo.yd, Otiganist Jim Chase, choir director
9:30—Dr. Graves Will speak to the student class on “The Purpose of Prayer’’ iU; continuance n£ the
'Sermon every sttident Will fo hear. The dhoir Wift;turni9h^&l>^^^
5;45i^Wesley 'VefiporSt
in a .series of student led disCUSsibliS on the theme “What J8ihe!tild be the attitude of the Christran Studen| in times like these” will be condue|ed. Every student is cordially idwcd to attend this service, ,' ‘ ,
SATURDAY
9:55 Newpi' ’ ^ ' ^ 10:10 The Curio Man
We abound in enthusiasm now, but are at a 10:15 Morning Melodies loss'as to how it may be directed, W^e shout 10:30 WBaa Presents
at each other to be “all-out” then look about
for a flag to wave so that we can be “all-out.” jtist Kids Democracy would soon be a meaningful h-ib Music phrase if the “all-outers” would remain , “all- ii:30 High School Guest out” after the war. The real patriots will do ’55 News
so. Others, who are conspicuously waving the
w -ii j. f 1 jj. 12:15 Tune TimC^Chai'lie Powell
flag now, will return to complacency and sta- Meet the Band tus quo. Civilization will hang on the balance 12:45 Markets in the reconstruction, for if the peace in un- i2:55 News successful it is doubtful if the world-can stand ITO Radio Stage another war with the improved technology. i:30 Bobby Gunnel Success will depend upon the “ail-outefs” for i •‘‘is Music
real democracy.
—The Miami Student
U. S. Marine Corps, Indianapolis, Indiana^—March T’Z, 18, 19.' Freshmen, Sophomores and Seniors will be accepted for interviews. Gome to the Personnel Office immediately. National Tabe Com.pany, Lorain Ohio (return Visit)-—March 20; M-U. and MeLE. Schedule an interview in
the Personnel Office immediately. , . .
Texas-Company, Lockport,Illinois
March 20. M.E., E.E., C.E.
Ashland Oil & Refining: Company, Ashland, Kentucky. M.E. and Ch.E. Come to the Personnel Office im-
mediately.
Purdue Christian
•Sunday-Program ; ty.
At Lafayette Christian Ghttfch
Sixth and Nort Street 1,5;
9;15_Catch ride from !l3l‘'South
study of'the fitudam-ental teachings Grant. , vr ■ of the Bible. :9:30-'-Student Class. AssOmmC
10:30-The subject of Mr. Find- downstairs: . ©bari
ley’s sermon-will be “What Men speak on the subject, 'The Church
Coriffonts the Students;’! -
Live By,” , ■
5:45—The Sunday Evening Club will meet for a 15 cent supper in the Recreation -Room. Following the supper/ A1 Stewart, Purdue choral director, will lead the group in
10:40-r4Church W.orship Sejwice,
“Religious Maturity” is the subject of the sermom by ReV.: 'Doyle iMub len. ' , '' 5:15—Leave from 131 S. Grant for Church -Bldg. (Please, note
change in time :schedule.).
;5:3.G-^10 -cent Supper—at Church Bldg. (Please note’change in place.') 6:00—Sunday Evening Forum.
iowship Hour.
6:00—-Supper, 15 cents. 6:30-+—Discussion Group — Conducted by Milford Chey-ney, “What Life Means To You.”
Merry-Go~Round (Continued from page 1) trouble comes from the “peak loads,created because Mrs. John Doe and all the neighbors do their washing on Monday, and their ironing on’Tuesday. This is one of the economy measures the Power Branch of the War -Pi'oduction Board is working on and which probably will be can-ied out on a ■voluntary basis. But whether vdluntary or not, according- to year is definitely out in areas of heavy defense industries. RIA Report •The House Military Affairs Com- • "mittee’s blast against the RuTaf -Electrifieatwn Administration would have be(^a lot hotter if EEA-hating Representative Charles T. -F-addis of Pennsylvania-, who drafted the report, had had his v'ay. Sulphurous pages, charging REA was an “instrument of Socialism” and that the Administration was attempting to desti'oy private ontei--prise in the power field, wore for-ciblc-deieted after a furiou.s closeddoor tirade between Paddis and Representative.s John Sparkman of 'Alabama, Paul Kilday of Texas and William Fitzgerald of Connecticut. Kilday started the fireworks by Iduntl-y accusing Paddis of partisanship. “As now drafted,” said the Texan, “this report isn’t a statement of fact. It is a partisan tirade against the REA. If you don’t cut out the section about socialism, I won’t sign it.” “You’i'e trying to ema.sculate the report,” retorted Paddis. “I svon’t stand foi' it.” The argument raged for several hours before Paddis, faced with the opposition of all other committee Democrats, backed down. However, 'be+adamantly refused to temper his shots about REA “copper -wastage,” and was able to get a majority vote oh this with the unanimou.s support of GOP members, plus five Democrats, including Kilday. 'Sparkman <and Fitzgerald led the <y)position on this issue. The .scrappy Alabaman made a strong point of -the fact that RE A officials were not given a chance'.by Paddis to .pre,sent their side. “You condemned them without a trial,” Sparkman charged. “Had the REA been given a chance to testify you would have learned that copper allocations by prioritie.s ofiicials were for transmission lines needed to service vital war Industries, like the aluminum
plant the government is build-ing-at Lake-Catherine, Arkansas. “But you apparently don’t want the public to know the truth. Neither did you call War Production Chief Donald Nelson, though you charge him, with dereliction of duty in this report. It’s not fair, and it’s not the American system to condemn people without giving them an opportunity to be heard.” Paddis made no direct comeback to this, but apgrily pounced on Fitzgerald wheii he announced intention to file a minority report.
flBfaale Groups (Continued from page 1)
trants taking part in the meet. At this time Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech department, presiding officer, will announce the five top speakers, and speech faculty members will present summaries of their reaction to the speaking done by
the student participants.
In yesterday’s sessions problems concerning the Good Neighbor Policy and our Pan American relations were discussed in open forum and
“I know all about it,” shouted the proposed solutions to these probPennsylvaifijan. An REA official de,bated by the and Representative Clyde Ellis (Ar- contestants this morning. Subjects
covered yesterday dealing with the meeting’s general theme wore: “Geographical, Racial and Cultural
kansas New Dealer) wrote it for
you.”
“That’s not true,” blazed Fitzgerald. “I have no axes to grind like you. There are no REA projects in my district. I have accepted advice from Clyde Ellis in drafting a minority report, because I couldn’t .stomach yours, but no one from the REA astsisted me.” “Well, if you want to line up with interests which are trying to socialize the country, it’.s your business,” said Faddis, “I’m, not a Socialist,” shot back Fitzgerald. “Neither am I a untilityite, nor a Communist nor a Fascist. I’m a church-going American.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) ASME Announces Winning Speakers University branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers met last night in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union for its annual dinner. Guests for the occasion were members of the Central Indiana section of the ASME. Following the banquet three University students spoke On different phases of mechanical engineering. Prizes of .$20, ,$10 and a copy of Mai'k’.s Handbook of Mechanical Engineering' we.e awarded in that order to the following speakers: C. F. Teniiika, ME ’42, W. L. Clearwaters, ME ’42, and W. J. Caugh, ME ’44.
Aspects”; “Economic Conditions”; “Political and Military Factors and Status”; “History and Origin of tlie Good Neighbor Policy”; and “Val-. ues.”. Round Table Five participants were .selected by the faculty critics to conduct a round table discussion on “Rediscovering the Western Hemisphere” yesterday afternoon at 5 over WBAA. With R. M. Horn presiding the round table group consisted of the following: Michael Cuff, Iowa; Mark McGrath, Notre Dame; Warren Nutter, Chicago; and Armando Schemel-Faria of the University. Winding up yesterday’s program a banquet for contestant.s and faculty inei'nbors was held in room 355 of the Union. L. S. Seai's, Universityl director of coed 'debate, presided as toastmaster and introduced the concluding speaker of the evening, Dr. L. M; Sears of the department of history, political science and -government, who delivered an address on “Pan American Relations.”
1:65 News
2:00 The Stamp-Club
2:15 Script
2:30 Musical Albums
2:65 News
3:00 The Army Speaks 3:16 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Tea Time Tune's
4:30 Music
4:45 The Curio Man
4:55 News
5:00 Just Relax 6:30 Go To Church Sunday 5:46 Little Miss Muffett
5:,56 News
6:00 Dimicr Hour 6:30 Sports Review , 6:46 Weights and Measures 6:,56 News - 7:00 Monitor’s Nows Round-Up 7:15 Home Defense 7:30 Parade of Business
7:45 Music ■7:56 News
8:00 Ci'vil Engineering School 8:15 Dave. Hall—piani.st 8:30 Fl ora the Press Box with
Stew Wolfe
8:46 Eventide Echoes
8:55 News
9:00 Union Mixer Band
9:30 Music 9:55 News
10:05 Off the Ail-
Dr. MeVey To Speak At Agricultural Staff Luncheon Mmday Dr. Frank L. Mc'Vey, president emeritus' of the UnJveTsity of Kentucky, will be the principal speaker at the regular monthly agricultural •Staff luncheon to be held Monday noon in the Union. Mc'Vey, agricultural teacher and speaker, will have for his subject, “Agriculture and
the American Way.”
Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head, of the poultry department, is chairman of
the committee in charge of arrange- io;40—Morning Worship Service, ments for the luncheon. Other mem- Steele will use as his theme
bei's of the conimitteo are Prof. E. R. Martell, D. V. Catron, and Marguerite Downing. -' . ;
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Raird "Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students
9136—Roger Williams -Club Glass. Round-table discussion - -Will Mlo'^V 10:56 Church Worship 'Seivice. jj^upediately after the 10-cent sUp-: “What It Means To Be a Christian” MuHen is our diseussjeffi by J. B. Gleason. Music by the choir Recreation will follow '.itls“My God and I. cussion, land oui’ usual 'vesperS' S01’'‘ 5:30—Roger Williams Club Fel- vice—led this time by Virgihia-Rft-
dcr—will close the i-rteeting at tsSO.
Wesley Foundation
Sunday Program at the
Rlrst Methodist Church
(Corner Ghauncey and South) 9:30—Three Student Classes. 1. “The Life of Christ” taught, by Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men. 2. “Understanding Ourselves” taught by the Rev. E. R. Balsley.
“Meeting The Master.” This is a
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCH^
Everything for a College Education DEA€’S
DANCf RECITAL TUES., MARCH 17fh 8:00 P.M. PUBLIC INVITED ADMISSION FRBE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT., MARCH 21st Classes DWided According to Age Ballet—Tap—Ballroom ■ ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
LAST TIMES T^DAY
DENNIS O'KEEFE
PETER LORRE
'Mr. District Attorney' — and —- TOM KEENE — in -— ''Ridin' Sunset Trail" — Also — SERIAL — LATEST NEWS
- SUNDAY - MONDAY ■ ROAD SHOW THIS WOMAN IS MINE MARCH OF TIME
HURRYr HORRY! Last Day mcMnnuRii WOMMIOF
STARTS tomorrow
Gene TIERNEY Victor MATURE
Last Timds Today'---i IRftt, Cecilia PARKER J | Roger PRYOR A J ■ / i„. , • 'GAMBLING
:PluS"-
bon BARRY ^ DEATH VALLEY mi^AWS
SON., MON.—2 TeATORES
WW&M
HAl. HbAQlt
IRACY'-SAraR
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONJTE
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSH EN £QU IPMENT GILLESPIE'S 221 Columbia St. PHONE 6405
We Are Equipped to Vulcanize Your TIRES IMotor Oil Oil Fihcr.s and Carlridge.s Butteries Chassis Lubriealion Front Wheel Respuke Davis Slandard Service
State and Grant
Phone 5941
pWvdusL £xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafaj'ette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 19-17, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for'SSiSO per year, .mail dubscriptions, $4.00.
Edltor-ln-ChUf. N«wb Editor Spartr Editor....
..Ned A. Ochiltree -liuslnesB Manager ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor ..... ..........PhiJ Jobnaon Coed Editor i
Don 8. Powers ..Leland. W. Ruffner :Rath -Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Amoa. J. II. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy. R. L. Hadley, F. I. JunEB, E. G. Kic'per. SfiorlB Staff I O T. Clark, J. D. Kraser, J. S. Keeler. C'aed ? fUdary K. Bo^rnton, Alice ChatfieJd, Jane SaniBdell.
>Business Staff Coed Business Manager; Donna Sicss; Office Managert Lee Bossong. I.oeaI Advertising Managers; K. K. GjOmre, R. E. Saxton i Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager; W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers; Jean Fraukenburry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Ptenet;‘£dHotial.and Business, 4005; Sports, 27BZ editorial After 10 R, M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff jpor This Issue
jj.Khfbt Editor: Oehiltree #iy
Itffsue Editor; I^laekburn HportK Editor; Bowordi)
Ueporterfi; Ui/aiJ, Hoffmon, Roriucmore, Hunter, Glaspie, liiitz, Hrewer, Kriojfcr.
SHE SET MEN’S HEARTS AFLAME Life in the swamplands blazed into primitive baftle for her love ... until a man worth lov> ing ... even dying for, .. came into her life! Then she turned from siren to real woman!
A Dazzling New Star —^^in a Dynamic Role!
ORIO'LARUC
TODAY-
-Ronald Reagan in Nine Lives Are Not Enough Plus Criminals Within
INDIANA UNIVERSITY AUDITORIUM.
Hluominirton. Indiana
METROPOIITAN OPERA Association Incovporalod of New York City "AIDA" MOHMY, APRIL 13-8:00 m
tjutnoN WAKllEN ‘
CASTACNA > HAMPTON * CAltRON I’INZA DUDLEY » VGTIPKA * PELLETIER, Conducting
New York Company of 280, complete with .Itatite, Cluirii.s and ,S.vmphony Orche.strn in Indinna University'.s bcuuliful new Auditurium Prices: $2.75, $3,85, $4.95, $5.50, $6.60 (Fed. Tax inc.) MAIL OKDKK.S NOW to L. L. FISHER, TICKET MGR. COMPTROIJ ER’S OFFICE. INDIANA UNIVERSITY, BLOOMINGTON, INDIANA
jj,l.«SEEN ^
V _
Wt -rt graUful It Iht R CA F for mailnf Ikli kit ptitlilt'l
tf Mllin tsy -r ta, Jimmj’ramO'
vt/tA the-RQHaV
IN
Watch them for the liHt time at they (eny 'Bomberi to the War Ftoati!
EXTRA! ALL COLOR CARTOON
Starts TODAY MARS
■ > . 1
JI f
it
' j .'f-
team to Seven Of Eight Wiestkn Make Good
tly fi<*b Kriegei-
‘ 'b0deh,“fil(ltdi:’*^fehtit(g( the like-,4^;-®0il0i?hi8fkei^ 'baseball ttientof, tihie Qut frdm his duties yes■f^d^ tSSiW^ittoph, in '£he Pipldhouse ■■lii^iefeuss the'ehangeB y/hieh had'to Tbp, made - in the , l^lveter diamond idle" ae a tesult of the action Jih-jplttced the University on a
i',tb5&ii*^iJhe basis.
j„;4'4rp^'^baah flay Mere ^
‘ '"^edViifg revealed that six prac-
iilts, which Were formerly
■^l^ea'faeheath the warm southern
'of Florida and Alabama spring vacation, wpuld be ^PH’; on, thp iBoilermaker home
^hd this
iCt^CjtfC ' ‘I ihls Pfff In fadsWinariis
TlSf^-five Wlerin^ia tom Si^krmmg Stiaad.M Ma AHxir
Anmial tato Mi|S lfi^.t^Mpft;Div^5Lose0^^t
, Last night ‘the prelitninary and quarter finals matches of
Boilermaker thinlies leave for Indianapolis at 11 this morn- the Big Ten Wtestlipg meet, that is being held in Bartlett ing to augment the ranks of spme 225 other top'notch track Gymnasium of the University of Chicago, were cleared out
W ' 1 "r? •-■/';-I 's fijwa
s,
— ycni’. Three games — Joseph’s college have been of the Riveter gladiator crop.
|6ft0tlUk<l for March 30, 31, and ‘litli'll:;l5;Jttnd-thTee more, with Wan^fa ijiKOWiding the opposition, will bdflUyed oh-April 3, and 4. The two ’feHipa will -conclude their activities
^dtter afternoon when they Id, a doiubleheader. If the
uSUhl Indiana weather prevails, five of theSO.-games will be rained out.
■SohloirB I'o Stky
. Ifehring, also revealed that the Dttoileridajfers will be able to play ail of the games which were scheduled for file month of May in spite djc the fact that the present semesW will be completed on May ?. Pl'ftOtically every senior on the s^dad intends to remain here after graduation, ahd they-will be eligible to ObirtpetO in the remainder of the
men in the Midwest who are congregating this afternbon in the famed 'Butler Fieldhouse to participate in the tbnth 'con-
secutive running of the Butler Relays.
Coach Herman Phillips takes with him to the event that he personally originated ten years ago, when serving as track mentor for the Butler Bulldogs, some score and five members
of the way ifor the semi-finals and finals that are’to take place
there today.
The prefiminaries last evening served to reduce the field of compbtitors'to four men in each of the eight weight dlasses. I '.I .1 ' I ..I Results of the Boilermaker en-
(Editor’s Note: Ted Clark, associate sports editbr, asetiiiim fhcj^nifk hitting duties in this corner today. Phil Johnson, the Qestapo's iftgtigf agent, is in Indianapolis to cover the Butler Relays.)
’► A Visif' from joe Mihal
Men To Watch
A 'contender or two who will bear watching throughout the doings this p. m. are Bob Wright, hurler from Ohio State who is at present recognized as the foremost hurdler in the world. Bob broke two tapes in the two huMle finals at the GoMerence meet laSt weekend. The mile relay team of the Boilermakers consisting of Archer, Banker, Arnold and Anthony will be out for blood; Keith O^Rburke, high jumper from Notre Dame, and Lloyd McEachren, star high jumper for the Boilermakers; Bob Ufer, quarter man from Michigan; and Campbell- K«ane,
one of the nation’s best 880 and mile men.
Men from the ranks of the Boilermakers who have more than good chances to garner points for their ahna mater are Don Kemp in the distances, Keim, Dodge, and Gaulke in th^e dashes, Uonant and Kron in the hurdles,-Edwards and Grim in
Riveter Raqiietmen fflter teacfflienl
, Chief M, L. Olevgtt’s varsity squashmen 'journeyed to Chicago last night to compete for their sixth win in eight starts in the annual Western Collegiate Squash Tournament, to be held in the downtown courts of Northwestern University.
ti'ies in the first round of competition are as follows: Mickey MacDonald, I2l pounds, threw Gutt of Chicago. Casey Fredricks, 128 pounds, thi'ew a bye. Mark Matovina, 135 pounds, won a decision over Dzirbic of Wiscon-
tjirew
Bob Britt, 145 pounds,
Stoi’a of Ohio State.
Warrdn XSregory, 16^'pounds, won a decision over Busch of Wisconsin. Roger 'Claseman, 165 pounds, lost
Joe Mihal dropped in for a visit yesterday afternoon, vieWed fdotiiiall practice and went to the steam room to sweat away a few of the'esGSeus pounds that have accumulated upon his huge frame since football season with the big, bad Chicago Bears. Joe competed in football, basketball and baseball while at the University and was CO'Captsin of the gridiron team in 1938. Following his graduation in 1939 he worked on graduate work fti physical education and was WBAA’s leading sportscaster and aimonnceT of Boilermaker athletic events. Next year saw Joe make good as a lineman with the Chicane Boars. This season he added to his laurels with George Halas’ powerful <diainpions. However, his football playing days may be at an end, for he w^l be inducted into the army in about two weeks. Joe will enter the-anped services of Uncle Sam as a buck private and plans to attend an officer’s training school later.
The racquetmen have won five out to Courgh-twright 'of Michigan, of the last seven singles competi- Warren Eviston, 175 pounds, won
Gives Oui* On Pro Football Luminaries
seapUh’S fcontests. iBljttet'ymen on the
the pole valut and Anthony in the quarter mile.
squad have
year has drawn only three teams, Chicago, Northwestern, and the
Boilermakers. Play All Day
Starting this morning and continuing throughout the day, the competition will see MacMillan and
Frank Ruggeri, heavyweight, threw Mustain of Chicago. Coach Reeck added to his telegraphed account of the action thus far, “Iowa is going to be plenty tough.” lotva and the Boilei’makers were tied as to season records be-
\^Or|cing out for the past six at the present time is to find a re- list. In addition to Leifheit, two Rogers and Vent of Northwestern 'VK<^0|cs, .While the remainder of the placement for Don Blanken on his sophomores, Petrich and Claseman, jji t^e first matches of thei singles
Gold.st6in, Riveter squash men, face present conflict-commenced.
With one loss for the season.
reported to Fehring four mound staff. The erstwhile Boildr- were sei’ving them up to the hitters ago. These men have been maker hardwood captain will not be in the three batting cages yesterby several members of eligible to play any college baseball day afternoon. Walt Cook, who was I,‘l>aske4hlill'’team which complet- since he recently played profession- an infieldCr on the Biveter diamond
al basketball. .. squad last season, has been moved Leifheit Leads Pitchers over to the pitcher’s mound. Tony At present, there are ten men Berto is the only southpaw hurler seeking berths on the Riveter on the staff. Each man on the squad
1^8'Canjpaign just one week ago. I?r»dnd, Bob Riley, Rudy Lawapd^ ^Jack Swantz have all
A/1
h^d^Wd'CQVirt to Ope pf’Pehl'ing’s
competition. MacMillan will face either Lackner of Northwestern or Stevens of Chicago if he wins his match, and Goldstein will play Hammer of the Maroons if he defeats
Vent.
The Boilermaker team competitors will be Boydston, Bond, and
s-j^Itched'their activities from the
the diamond. mound staff, with the very capable engages in seven minutes of-batting Wells, these three facing the Chichief problems veteran, Walt Leifheit, heading the practice every day. cago squad in the first team match
of the tournament.
the Style...
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
JOE EXPERIENCED TAILOR
SUITS TO OrOer Clothes Altered, Cleaned and Pressed
Fur Coat Alterations Our Specialty Reasonable Prices
CHAUNCEY AND STATE STS.
Big Ten Swimming About as far as the Big ‘Ten swimming meet Went the first day of its reign at the pool of Big Ten water champs, at Ann Arbor, ivlichigan, was to increase the prestege of the host and defending champion—Michigan over the rest of the Conference teams, Ohio State’s diver of perfection. Dempsey, stole the march on defending champ “Teabone” Martin of the Wolverines in the qualification trials. Neither Jungst or Bauer of the Boilermakers qualified in the diving event.
We thought this a good time to gather some expert Opinion cm the personnel of the Bears and the remainder of the professional league found that Joe had some veiy definite opinions that he didn't mtsd expressing. Lineman always prefer talking about backs and vice-versa-the old “grass is greener” theory and all that—and Mi^al got going on the abject of backs. We asked who he thought was the greatest bWk in professional football. “That’s easy,” he told us, “I think George McAfee is the gfreoteslt“As a matter of fact, he continued, rubbing himself -with a towel, BfeAi^e is the greatest man that ever stepped onto any football field for-T»||y money.” « '• We admitted he had something there and recalled the BOars-pre^is--sional all stais game, which we saw in New York’s Polo Greunds early part of January. In that game McAfee ran circles about the CTeW of stars, coached by Stout Steve Owen of the New York Giants. To ihdke Mac’s peifformance a bit more amazing the ordinarily poor footihg'df*1^0 Polo Grounds was made worse by snow which blanketed everjfthiijg. Mac never lost his footing and ran through the entire defensive eldVfta for a 64-yard touchdown gallop.
► The Crowd Really Likes McAfee
First Lt. Earl Brandman
. . . Whiting, University graduate in the School of Pharmacy, has recently been assigned to the 14th Armored Field Artillery Battalion of the Second Armored Division.
MEALS!
Regardless of the shortage of
P ICTURESQUE Veronica Lake is more alluring than ever as “the girl’’ in Paramount’s production, “SULLIVAN’S ^TRAVELS,’’ in which she co-stars with Joel McCrca. Edith 'Head, and Linda, studio designers, have outfitted the pintsized star in sim'ple, yet extremely attractive outfits suitable ifpr her part as an “extra’ ’in this production. Of course there
do, falling in soit folds to the floor. The gown is liberally sprinkled in tiny gold sequins appliquod in a starpattern.
faro .scents in the picture in which
■ 1 1V 1 1 1 co-l. IS casual suit ot hght.Vdronica i.s obliged to wear clothes , , , . , , j weight wool in ehaitreuse. The to properly emphasize her glamour, j.^cket-with its little boy collar is Ibut these arc no fantastic creations nipped in at the waist. The skirt 'of'a studio couturier. In fact, your lias front fullness which hangs in itallor or mine might make us, too, unpressed pleats. Tiny balls of hook quite fetching in similar at- beaver fur are tied up close to the ItlEc. collar and the same beaver is used
J ^his dark navy wool suit, iiccent- for the beanie and bag. The glove.s
fehl, by white, for instance, can be are chartreuse suede. l-wSrn for a morning shopping tour B'lit, when the evening shadows (ot'almost any informal occasion. It fall and lights begin to twinkle, we fh<^ u beautifully cut jumper top think of more romantic apparel, so j'«l;i|;h high neckline and shoit look at Veronica Lake in her daiicisl^eves, whoso only trimming is ing frock of sheer white nylon, the |wpite .^’dallopcd eyelet embroidered rarest evening gown in Hollywood. llUlle sleeve edging and necklace Never before has nylon been used |0i|pct. The short peplum jacket has for studio dresses of any kind, even ia’^dat side reverse of the same though it is superdurable and esWhite- eyelet embroidered faille. A pecially crease-resistant. Made in floehpie of dark navy wool trimmed bouffant style, the softly draped with two feather wings, black bodice has wide cap sleeves and a *^hpes, black purse and white gloves deep tuined-back collar. The wjwst
'feoinplete the costume. is snugly fitted with a wide midriff
iji Equally smart, and also practi- band. The skirt is a complete cir-
And for those evenings when relaxation seems most important, a cozy hostess gown is just the thing. In' “SULLIVAN’S TRAVELS” Velonica wears a “honey” of red and white silk and wool duvetyn. The shade of rod is known as “stop” red, and the gown has a softly shiired white vestee and front skirt panel. Appliquod to the fitted rod midriff is a spray of slim white leaves.
Let’s finish the day in a pajama and negligee ensemble like our star wears in ’’SULLIVAN’S TRAVELS.” The pajama legs are cut wide and are pleated at the waistband. The robe has full, long sleeves with the new deep armholes. The bodice is sol tty draped into a wide girdle at the waist. The neck is cut in a deep V. The skirt is slightly circular and falls gracefully to the floor. A wide sash of matching material is trimmed with deep white silk fringe. And so to bed!
sugar our meals are just as in-
expensive and even more delicious than before* Dine at ! the Purdue Union
^apdsudoL —
JhsL fiWvdjUSL WjumAJuat lAjnmifL
The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities
The crowds which sat that day in the Lee of Coogan’s Bluff McAfee a terrific ovation that was deserved—even if the partisan Yoik throng did want to see Waid Cuff, Mel Hein and the rest give the Bears a tiimming. ' ^ Then, we got in a discussion of passers, which, of course, led to aeoihaparison of the lespective abilities of Cecil Isbell and Slingin’ Siamyay Baugh. Mihal played foi a time with Cec when both were at Pur^ei, which might make him a bit piejudiced. Joe, however, considers BaUgh the better of the two and perhaps the foiemost fiinger now playit^. “Cec is something ot a ‘spot’ passer,” Joe leminded. “for he tosses spot wheie Don Hutson is supposed Lo be and it is up to Hutson to there. Baugh on the other hand picks his receiver and throws where the man is—not whore he is supposed to be. Something else, Samm^y has absolutely no emotion when he lades to pass and will not hurl a -wild ball (giound the ball intentionally’ to avoid being tackled and suffer .a loss of ground. Anothei thing, he has great confidence on his ability.” Joe did add, howevei, that Hutson and Isbell did arrive late for theallstai game and were not in good shape to play. Mihal consideis Hutson and Peiry Schwaitz of the Brooklyn Dodgers the best offensive ends in the league. Accoiding to the latest reports the Bears will not be too hard hit'by losses to the aimy, navy and marines and Joe thinks they will b6 just as strong next yeai as ever. They have lost McAfee, Joe Maniacci, Dick Plasman, Ken Kavanaugh and may lose Norm Standlee.
Thinks Elmer and Red Will Make Good
Joe is in agreeance wdth backers of Red Mackey and Elmer Burahapi. “I would pi edict a new era in strength of Purdue athletics with Red apd Elmer up theic,” Joe said smcoiely. “Elmer turns out good football teams. When I w'as at Emerson up in Gary we played against Elmer's Central of South Bend teams and they were always clever groups. As to Mackey, well, that redhead can do the job if anyone can and'hoV^itt do a good one.” That w’as Joe’s parting shot. We agree with him and found talking with him a pleasuie.
1 h W/S
if %
- 41 jiet
Ms'5 ■ffi
PI
P;a»’)
fr ■*."•? 1% 4'
V ,,V ' ’'f ,
y'li t
If'' o ‘■f
Purdue Exponent
* r' ,1- H^' ^ I Saturday^ Mdrcfi 14, 194^
fMlMbiH
iZeta Will Hold Down Beat
'Meal-less' Banquet
Alpha Zeta natioml aaiiculluial honmai\, Mill hold i ‘mealies';” banquet on Tuesda\ nifiht, Maich 24, in the Union building The af fan will bo substituted foi the an nual initiation banquet The “meal less ’ banquet w ill bo staged in tiue banquet style except foi the ab'.ence of the meal The piogiam Will consist of a spealtei md ontci tainmonl As a side foa tuic the Alpha Zeta Scholaiship Ti ophy will be awai ded to the fieshman agiicultural student haMng the highest scholaiship lating foi last semostei Purchase Bonds Alpha Zeta will use the pioceeds of the “banouet” to aid the Red Cl OSS and to pui chase government bonds Alumni, actnes and initiates of Alpha Zeta will attend the “banquet” along with othci poisons in teiested in contiibutina to the wai strength of oui countij Tickets may be secuied fiom Alpha Zeta pledges 01 Di A1 G Smith
1
\6
7
\S \9
10 11
\12 \n \14
Home Ec Club Elects Vaughn President, Beall Vice President
Mabel Vaughan PIE ’44, was elected piesident yesteiday ol the Viiginia C Meiodith Home Fco iiomies Club loi the coming ^cal Sally Beall who lan against hci will seiw e as vice pi esident Mai tha Lee Riggs was chosen as seci etai y and Maltha McCulloch as ti easui ci Senioi lepi esentatives aic .line Blank and Betty Blown juiiioi lep 1 esentatives aie Betty Aouiig and Libhv Baughman and the sojiho moie 1 epi esentative is Dons Sleo tei
Officers To Discuss Air Corps On WBAA
CJucstions and piobloms cinecining the AiiiTS An Coijjs cadet ti in ing and actiMlies will be en ph isi/ed in a 'ourdtible discission oeei WBAA ihis atteinoon at 1 ,0 pm The pin'sam in=tigitcd h' tin leccnt changes m calc*- ii inin^ piogiamse ill be pi iscntcd bi iicni beis of tl c L b Aini\ wlio com po*^ a local e\ tniiiin b i el Tine aie MajOi Themis VIc( on lell Capt Gin Ilooiei Iicut B it Sol igman and I iciit Iiwin Sclmman
(Contiinicd fiom page 1) have been bought foi fne times the pi ice he pla^ed foi heie The fact that Puidue is ccntialh located foi one nightei s and that man^ ol the best bands plat foi icduced pi ices on then long one nighlei touis ac counts foi Pill duo’s Bandstand be iiig one of the best in the countiy Complete lists of Down Beat’s Band Poll with those bands that haie pi lied it the Unnersity fiom Septembei IbIS to Mai eh 1942 checked with an \ Bai ds that have plajed hcie befoie Septembei 1918 checked with a z Swing Bands zl Benin Goodm in \2 Tommy Doiset \3 Duke Ellington
Glen Millei Count Basie Bob Ciosbj Gene Kiupa Ai tie Shaw
Jimmy Luncefoi d
Plant lames
Jinim> Doisey
Les Blown
Chailie Bainet Woody Heiman
xl5 WillBiadley 16 Lionel Hampton
17 Jan SaviLt Teddj Powell Jack Teagai den Muggst Spaniel dial he Spi\ak IIoi ace Heidt Cab Callow ly Vaughn Mom oe
Andy Kiik
Flctchei IPcndci son
John Kilby
Louis Aimstion^ Lint Clinton
Stan Kenton
Sonny Dunh iiii
'1 ony Pasloi Glen (iiay Bob C hestei Sweet Binds CtIcii Millei
lomnn floi et 1 Jininn Uomc^ Duke riliii„toii
5 Benny Cioodm iii
(i Ai tie Sh iw
\7 ( hailic Spi\ ik 8 C 1 Hide 1 hoi iihill
9 Glen Giat
0 Eieddie M u tin 1 Bob Ciosbt 2 Sammy K ite Hall t I lines 1 Gut I oinbiKio M 00(1 \ He I m in ( Jiinine LnnctJoid 7 I I cd \1 11 in_, S fin ir( 11(1 It 1 Die' Infills ,0 Gene Iviiipa
18
xlO
20
x21
22
24
/25 /20
27 ^8
x29
10
A )2
]
\2
PIATo Hold Tea Dance In Union From 3 to 5
I^IA will sponsQi the tenth in then senes of louitecn afternoon tea dances todat fiom > until 5 jO in the South Bilhoom of the Union PIA membeis and coeds will be lelmitted fiee while the legulai (huge of ten cents will apply to all other ehnceis Music as usu il will be piovided by popul n iccoidings
NiBROC PAPER TOWELS None Bettor Prices to Suit
PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
PHILLIS-ANN MIRACLE!
o collar for every neckline in the versatile * , .
Sa DICKEY SET
Tuple timcsaveis —three detachable collarb on one dickey' Spic ’n’ spicy smart set to sugar coat your wardiobe Snap one off, whisk anothei on, and you’re off again — fresh and poised Ingeniously versatile for work or play And it launders like a dream' In White Sharkskin, oi White, Pink, Blue ahd Mai/e Pique.
Palais RoL|al
Chain Store Councilmen Cisne Will, Provide Confer With University Music For Annual Officials On Hauling Costs TAP Dance Tonight
Notices
Ceres Plcdftes See Weathers for Ceres Bulletin as soon ns possible —WCATHERS
Senior Cadet Officers Si(?n up Immediately on advanced course bulletin bortid for appointments to have Pictures, —LT JOHNSON
Ropi esentatives of the Indiana (liain Stoic Council Kiogei and Bakeiv Company and the Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company weie on the campus yesteiday eonlciiing with Univeisity officials in an cffoit to save fi eight cai and tiiick shipping space foi movement of wai supplies and pi event long hauls of ceitain pioducts that can be supplied by Hoosici piodueeib The eiops undei discussion yes Iciday included apples stiawbei lies, eanteloupes, wateimcllons, to matoes which come laigely liom southein oi cential Indiana and some ol the moie impoitant crops giown in noithein Indiana such as jiotatoes, onions, cabbage and eai 1 ots Glosei coopeiatioii between the pi oducers and biiyeis will lesult in a bioadei maiket foi Hoosici giown pioducts and at the same time 1 educe the amount of shipping space lequiied to ship in fiuit^ and vegctible fiom long distances
Dick Gisiic and his oichestia will provide the music foi the annual TAP dance to be held this evening fi om 8 30 to 11 30 in the south ballroom ol the Union The dance is a closed affaii made up of the membcis of the Tinngle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi fiateinities, and will be foimal The three fiateinities will hold dinncis at then lespective houses preceding the dance Baekdiop foi the dance will de pict a gill doing a tap dance and the ciests ot the thico tiatcinities will be showiV
Scriveners Mectinpr Sntuiday Maich 14 at 1 30 p ni in the oUicc in the Union Will Seariprht Husted Smith Graves Stout layers Dunbar Dray and Justin please be thoie ^ -JUSTIN
Poultry Science Club Professor James embi yolocfist will speak at 7 30 p m Thurs day Mnioh 19 m room 212 tn the Union Open mcotini, —WILBUR
Reamer Club Moetini? Tuesday Maich 17 Con\o niyain Meotinr m room 304 of the Union at 7 15 p m —llUFFNER
Agriculturist Extromel^ important meeting of tbo riectornl Board Monday March lb at 4 pm in room 117 ot Ag Hall Imporntivt that all departmental editors and senior statt members attend Much is to bo done Those imvblc to attend call Snydjr at 8407 -SNYDER
Student Union All budree tournament woikers please repoit to room 36 a by 1 p m Freshmen rnRinecrs Meet for EnRineer mi? Ifctures Saturday March 14 at R a m bv schools Students whose names boffin Satuidny Maich 14 —WLBUR 1EWTS
Debris Pliotofirraphy SlafT Sophomores and Tumors pie isc comt to Ro6m 89 lues day Maieh 1ft at 4 p m - WALKFR
with A F meet in lectuie loom in Micnnel Golden Shops F Lo in Room 2o4 E F Building (second flooi lecture room) Li R in room 12) FF BulldinK S 7 in loom 201 CE Building Late students will not be admitted —KNAPP
ME 30 Make Up exams Fxaminations to remove C md I in Ml 10 will be I,ivcn Situiday Miuli 11 at 1 pm in room 101 of the Mb Inildim llrnse notify me if inUiesttd —GLIGl R
Advanced Military Applicants Ail those whose names ippeiu on the list on the main bulletin bonid in the Aimory must report to the mam oifict of the Armoiy before noon Saturday Mnicb 11 Lo complete his tory (jUestionnnnoR —McMAKI N
Christian Science Organization There will b( a fro( loctiuo on Cbnstian Science bv rii2*bith 'VluAithin Ihomscn at 8 i m lucsday Maich h in loom 3^5 of the Un ion Thcie will le ni le^ihr meetinj, LOCKWOOD
Junior Meehnnica! I lUjinetrM All junior MLs who h iv( net (illed out then per *ionnol recoid eirls slu uld stop at the of fice in till Meehanical I ne.in(eiinj.. Build inK and U\\ tut then cuK beftire Salui day Maiih 11 VOGIIR
Virginia C Meredith tliih There will be n meeting at 4 pm Monday March lb in the Home Etonomics auditorium Miss Clark Will speak on bood Pi obit ms in War All membeis are asked to 1m tluie ments will bo seivcd BI ANK
Davis To Discuss Teacher Placement Before Ag Eds
Alpha 7eti Plcdffcs And Actives Banquet elite ehiiuel t) Jhurdn Maieh 2f in loom 3b 1 of Unun because of late conflict on Univeisitj Cslrndai PI dp:e tests and mitiltion will be Wednesday March 2) Pledges e ntnet Dicsslin fei national and lie'll constitutions SWAIM
Women Stiuknls ( o( eN inteicsted in summci woik should fib ipplieations \Mlh the Womens rlieenunt seiviee in tlic lx e ut i\e Rutl i m, I el lie S ituul IV M iieli II 1 J NOT
Purdue Christian Foundation TTiei'o yviU l)e u flee dance held in the West 1 aciilty I ounpro Satuiduy March 14 at 9 p m Fv eiyone is invited —.WAMPl 1 R
Distinguished students II f inds arc in w IV 111 die at the cishuis olliec in the ] xeeutive Building —HOI I I NSBL
P O M M There will be a baiuiuct on 'Ihuisdiy March 11) at (> pm in the Fust Faeully lounge Tickets may be ol tamed horn P 0 M M ofTicers until noon Wednesday Maich 1ft lor 65 cents —A GREFRATII
WAA Rascliall piactico bop ms Mondav Maicb 1C Prietices will be held c\eiv Mon ilay Wedncdiv ind Fiidij Thtee piac tic s iceiiHud f( i intiani iinl COOPLU
PIA l( fi m i t the Unim
D me ( Satuid ly M iieh 1 1 10 j) m 111 N 1 fh Balli om i ASHBil R
I raternity Affairs Office Sophomoic petitions will bo dui Tuesday Match V7 In t(i\i(w will lollow at a Intel dati —PEARSOhi
Dr. E. L. Kelly . . .
diicctoi of the Univcisity ps\cliolog'v chine will discuss “Is 1(1111 Home Emofionillj Bomb Piool’’ as the seventh ot a senes ol Bittci Homes Bioukists ovc i WBAA next Mond IV illeniooii il 1 50
Pi of G E Davis, diioctoi of tcacliei licensing, w ill speak on va nous phases of tcaehei placement pioblems at the legulai bimonthly meeting ot the Agneultuial Ediica tion Societj to be held next Tuesdaj night at 7 10 p m in loom 263 of the Union Max Stulls, piesident of tljic aged society announces that this will be one of the most impoitant meetings ot the you and uigcs all agiuul tui al edne ition students to atti ml
Aff Eds Impoitin Maich 1 in i om 2( 1
meeting luesdiv f Ui ion at 7 30 p m —PEL er
Slndcnl Ushers SluRnt islicrs md po It i il N irsity laskitiiill gim s git their IT n N i( til I III it due in Ih Iiildlinisi —DOAN
Uoircr Williams Club Skating Piity ut Mapli Point Siturday night Maieh 14 Mut at the Chinch al ft admission 25c —ULRbY
Gimlet Aelnes apd Pledges Iheie will be a (linnci meetmc’ it the Phi Psi hoUi^c luc'' (11> Mauh 1 it » p m JOHNSON
Sophomore Aero k All ipplicilnns for B S A i ) I lit 1 dtgiK must lie on file in loim 210 Ml Innldine ml latci Ihin Miiili 11) in OI 111 lo 1) eonsidned WOOD
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Meet ng foi pledge pel lod tiainmg in ti (tion m loom 301 of Union at I U I m T sd M leh 1'’ At tl ndance compulsoi> SH VNF
Advantid ( oursc Mill! irv Students It Colonel Whit Will lalb m tiie Pieiito sit nation Tiusdav Much I at 1 p m m loom 20^ <1 the Mteliinuil Ingiteiimt, but! ling All ndv irc 1 cr ii-ae btudints in 1 ignl t iltcnd SUT 1 IVAN
Jiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiitiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^ I Dr. A. M. Irion | I ‘ —DENTIST— I = 119 '/2 Northweslern Ave. ^ § Phone 4965 E iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiP
x27
28
/21 Kay Kysei 22 Ray Noiile 2’ Wayne King 24 Alvino R ly 2') V lughii Monioo \2r) Ted Weems
Les Blown Edd-\ Dueliiri
\29 Del Couitncy !() Alt I II lett \ H Bobby Byine 2 Richaid Ilimlioi \ ( h u lie Bai net M J in S ivitt xi) M ill Bi idky x^fi Paul While m iii 7 Tom my luekci S Bob Ghcstei
Classified Ads
Wanled 1 nil time
«?len»grapher
and
geiiiiul ofiici isKisli
nf
Purdue 1
1.1 k
ground prtfirrid Apply
1 y lilUr
1 X
p riK 111 Box No I
1 vpewnkrs A 1 Img
Midiut all
m ik( M
1 i r I 1 1 i 1 ill 1
nreh i 1
Mm
e I ti h \M 1 k d< m ( )
1 I
1 h II (0
M un
1 1 V II 1 11 1 1 1
I 1st Hic w II sli IP il
e\
tl hup 1
ml nn
n Xi m 1y T 1 is 1
y
Ph 11 2-
tis unpatriotic to waste!
V.ilii.'ihip iiiloi'itialion is oiil d.tily on ooiisorvfition of ItiihlxM',, Moljil, '[<*\lil<'s, Food,
(town (loaning Honioxos Kiddoii Dirl and firini Ironi your olollios, ihorohy l<*n<!;lli<‘ning lln‘ lilo ol llio fahrir.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Tj I Ir 40
Crswh LayiiiDnY
To]) of llio Hill
X
DR PAUL A
RISK
DR LUTHfcR A
RISK
DR HAROLD j
RISK
— DENTISTS
—
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Miin St
Laf lyctte
—
MY MOMMY
DONE TOL' ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
ADVERTISING PAYS
r*T fiQCJTFTFFl fin Jji iii& & ffiAs Al atj JLy
IN
A