■ ,4
ms
. .«. I 5 > j /'is
ii Students
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 118 Explains Registration . “IVhat docs your education mean t^:.ybji during^^ tt^^ days of your gdV^Jtjai-e in patriotism ? Above all, it! tbdtiiis doing energetically and Itjdcessf'ully the things you havt! itevcr dqno before; ofttimes, tilings ypii pr^eif not to do,” said Presipght Ejiiiptt in his speech to the enl^'e stddeht body'atthc second UniyCTsity lyar eonVoCation in the Mu|ltj^ail yesterday, sis: Points-■ |‘:<The: President in his speech set dptihi sik vitiil points in liis new bill of resppnsibilities fot the/ student ]ppdy;. .T;hp six points include the fotlplwing: ■ ' "J.'Tfou will have the will to reread the. Bill of Responsibilities giveii, tb.ydu at. the first convocation nnd, to iipproiae the extent to which yon haye formed the habit of obedipneb to these prescriptions for the n'c1y:pati’iotiSm. Yoli will have the will to keep all bf ypiir class appointments ^vlietbcf or not you are privileged, finder the rules of the University, tp: attend or riot to attend any class. : -You will have the will to continue with ypUr studies throughout tbb summer term and each of the ’ fpljlpydrig terms until you complete ypUr work. If you are a member of 11)6' liOTC, you will striyc with all ; (Continued on page 4)
West LafayeHe, Indiana
Saturday, February \4f t94Z
liief Funds Drive
Negro Baritone, Paul Robeson, Presents Convo Concert Tonight
Defense Class
•I I /
Minnesota Riveters Seek Ahother Victery In Crucial Test Against Gopher Quintet PROBABLE LINEUPS PURDUE Pos. MINNESOTA Sprowl..... F ..Exel Conrad F :...... Ajax Menke C Lind BlankenfC) G ; Smith (C) Polk G Thune Broadcast—WBAA—7:45 p. m.
In Explosives . m > Enrolls 31 Men To Play For
Next Allocate Funds HaVirig collected $1617,84 in additjibri^td iiledges totaling $17.5, the ftpHpf epbrdinati ng Com'm ittcfe pfflpiriity closed the University RiUbf ilrivc Thursday. Final at|^8 wili be taken next week when thd committee meets to allocate furids tbat ivere not “earmarked” by contributors, according to Damon Mder, coriiriiittee chairman. Of the otganizations named by contributors to benefit from variou.s dpriritions, the Red Cross will receive $369; World Student Service Fund, $46; United Service Organliatiori, $34.50; American Field Seiyice, $18; Golden Rule Organization; $3; British War Relief, $29; the United China Relief, $61.60. The committee will distribute the rcmriining funds according to a study made recently concerning the comparative needs of the various relief agencies. Discouraging Beginning Although it had a discouraging beginning, the drive had accumulated $1440.84 by noon Thursday when carnpus organizations serving as solicitors ended their activities. The figure was increased by donations from organizations who were uririble to contribute until special meetings were held. Oyer 60 organizations, students a«lj fflipplty riiembcrs took part in Ihe' Whic^ was promoted to ibi^ipe feariY iridividual drives into orih' i|ri§e chrtipaign. Comirilttcc’s Inunction One function of the committee was to select organizations which thqdriye would benefit. •; ihO Activities Bureau served as tri^cCntrril Receiving office for funds c^l|pctcd outside the Univci’sity, and XWS operated a table outside the Sweet Shpp* Over 6,600 letters and posters were distributed to pi’omote the drive. The Relief Funds Coordinating Committee was composed of Prof. L. Irf. Seal's and Dean Mary L. Matthews, rcproscriting the faculty, and Flefence Ci'oll, Agnes McCulloch, Dick Dibos, and Damon Elder representing the student body. Smith Will Address Roger Williams Club pr. A, A, Smith of the University soclriiogy department will address a meeting of the Roger Williams Club to bo held tomorrow at 6:30 in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. He has as his subject “The Home in a Changing Culture.” Dr. Smith will discuss his subject in view of euiient developments. All per.sons interested are urged to attend.
"We come together to examine the nevy balance sheet of tasks . . keynoted President E. C. Elliott yesterday morning at the special war convocation. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, seated to his right, spoke on selective service registration on the same program. Men, 20 To 45, Must Register For Selective Service Monday Students, Members Of University Staff Will Register At Morton Grade School
The third National Selective Service registration, for men between the ages of 20 and 45, will begin at 7 a. m. Monday morning and continue until 8 in the evening. All males who were born on or after February 17, 1897, and on or. before December 31, 1921, will be required to register that day. The Morton Grade School Building, located at 22 North Chauncey Street, in West Lafayette, has been designated as the place of registration for this area. Regulations provide that each interview must be granted adequate time, and it is forbidden by law to enter into any argument with the registrar. • Following are registration rules for students as listed by President Elliott: In accordance with an Act of Congress, amendinjj the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, approved December 20, 1941, providing for the extension of liability for military service and for the registration of the man-power of the nation, the Honorable Henry F. Scbricker, Governor of the State of Indiana, has proclaimed Monday, P’obruary 16, 1942, as Registration Day and called upon all malo citizens and all male aliens residing within the State of Indiana who were born on or after February 17, 1897, and on or before December 31, 1921. Registration of students and members of llie University stall' between (he ages of 20 and 45—It shall be the duty of all male student^ and male members of the University staff who were born, on or after February 17, 1897, and on or before December 31, 1921, except those exempted by law and those persons who have already registered uqder the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, to present' themselves for registration at a proper place of registration between the hours of 7:00 a. m. and 9:00 p. m. on Monday, February 16, 1942. The Morton Grade School Building, located at 22 North Chauncey Street, West Lafayette, Indiana, has been designated as the place of I'egistration in this community. ■ Exceptions—By the provisions of
the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940, as amended, certain men are not required to be registered so long as they have a certain status. Excerpts from these provisions read as follows: “Commissioned officers . . . enlisted men in the regular army . . . the federally recognized active National Guard . . . the Officers’ Reserve Corps . . . Cadets of the advanced course, senior division, Reserve Officers’ Training Corps ...” Registration When Out of the City—All students and members of the University staff subject to registration who are out of the city on Registration Day will be permitted for their own convenience to register wherever they may be and they will be given registration certificates there. Place of Residence—In Memorandum 1-308 to local board.s. National Headquarters states, “Particular emphasis should be placed on the necessity of obtaining the man’s place of residence . . ■ since this address will determine the local board having jurisdiction. ... Registrars should clearly understand that the registrant has the' right to determine hi.s‘place of residence’.” Sickness—All students and members of the University stalf, subject to registration, who, on the registration day, are prevented from presenting themselves before the registration board are requested to get in touch with the Assistant Dean of Men who will act as registrar in such cases. Eddie Mack To Play For Mixer Tonight
Seeking to avenge the 46 to 39 setback which they suffered at the hands of the smooth-passing Minnesota quintet here last month, the Boilermaker hardwood team will match scoring power with the Gophers tonight when the two teams play a return engagenicnt in the Norsemen’s Fieldhouse in Minneapolis. Crucial Game The Riveters will take the court tonight determined to elevate themselves from the fourth place slot in the Big Ten standings which they now share with Wisconsin’s Badgers. To call this fracas with the second place Gophers a crucial contest; is, from the Boilermaker’s standpoint, the rankest, kind of understatement. With their season’s record showing five victories and three defeats. Piggy Lambert’s speed merchants cannot afford to finish on the short end of the score ff they expect to stay within hailing distance of the fast-stepping Illinois' quintet which continues to lead the Big Ten hardwood parade. If the Boilermakers intend to stop (Continued oil page 2)
Contest For Selection Of Convo Program A special contest, under the direction of Bob Parks, director of the Puttering Shops, has been arranged for selection of an appropriate convocation program design to replace the one used during the past year, it was announced yesterday. Original designs must he submitted to the Puttering Shops on or before April 20, at 12 noon. Three Judges Program designs will be judged by a jury of thi’ce, consisting of Mrs. Karl Lark-Horovitz, Prof. Justus Rising, and Prof. Marion Willoughby, and first and second prizes of ten and five dollars will he awarded. ^Thc text wliieli appears on the front of the present program must he retained. Samples of the programs now in use may he obtained from Boh Parks in the Puttering Shops of the Union. Rules Of Contest According to specifications and rules for the contest, each design should be drawn in India ink, with the exception of a sample layout of the text, on white illustration board twice the size of the program covers now in use. Size, style and placement of the type should be indicated
in pencil.,,
According to Bob Parks designs will be judged on originality, appropriateness, good proportion and careful drawing. Further information on the contest may be obtained
from Parks.
Thirty-one men fx’om eleven widely scattered states are enrolled in the University’s defense training course in the Chemistry of Powder and Explosives now being given on campus. More than 100 persons have completed previous classes in this subje*ct and afe now employed in munitions and ordnance plants throughout the country. The present class includes a college professor, two graduate students working for their Ph.D. degrees, two other graduate s'tudents including one from the Uriiversity of Maryland, four recent undergraduates, and men whose work ranges from the inspection of explosives to selling insecticides. Six Week Course After completing their six weeks of study at Purdue, which will include lectures and laboratory woi’k covering the manufacture and testing of common military explosives, members of the class Will be ready to take up jobs as explosives inspectors. Men from out of state include: John S. Billheimer, Alfadena, Calif.; James ErBower, Shreveport, La.; Floyd Diephius and Jean C. Krum, Kalamazoo, Mich.; Harvey Dunfee, Iowa State College, Ames, la.; Donald E. Gordanier, Ann Arbor, Mich.; Frank E. Jirik and Ralph E. Payne, Chicago; James A. Marvel, University of Mainland, College Park, Md.; Robert P. Mullett, Durham, New Hampshire; Lawrence B. Schmookler, Brooklyn, N. Y.; John J. Schoonmaker, Kingston, N. Y.; Cecil G. Sisson, Bello Fourche, S. D.; and P. S. Wharton, Austin College, Sherman, Texas. Schoonmaker and Sisson were students at the University. Indiana Students Members of the class from Indiana are; Wilbur C. Clark, Whiteland; Wilbur Hai'mon, Brookston; William, E. Haugh, West Lafayette; Leslie L. Holsapple, Montezuma; Charles R. Kirkpatrick, West Point; Philip Luginbill, West Lafayette; Wendell McKissiek, Indianapolis, graduate student at Indiana university; Reino Matson, West Lafayette, (Coi)tiiiued on page 2)
Coeds To 'Bid' Escorts For Formal In Union Ballroom Fridey Night Playing for the second in the trio of February all-campus formals, Reggie Childs and his orchestra will provide the music for the dnnual Women’s Panhellenic Ball next Friday night front 8:30 until 11:30 in the South Ballroom of the Union, Barbara Ann Atkins, president of the Women’s Panhellenic Council, announced yesterday. Formal Dress Formal dress will be the order of the evening as the organized coeds
Reggie Childs again exercise their, feminine whims in choosing their escorts for, the dance under the “coed hid” procedure. Tickets for the affair are available to all sorority women and-may be obtained at their respective houses. Dorothy Benson and Silvia Pittman will serve as co-ticket chairnien for the dance and Elizabeth Kissam will act as chairman of the decorations committee. Childs and his orchestra are not an unfamiliar sight on the campus, for last year the band played for (Continued on page 2)
/ Paul Robeson, world-famnus Negro bass^-baritone and actor, will feature "Ballad for Aineficans,” a four-part saga df American democracy, on bis concert program tonight at 7:30 in the Music .Hall. University concert choir, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will assist the singer with the ballad. Admission to the convocation will be by passport or season ticket. Single, general admission tickets will be sold at the door for $1.10. Other Artists Other artists who will appear on the convo program are LaWi^itce Brown, arranger and' ateoifipariiat for Robeson since hia first eonC^ in 1926, and Clara Rockmore, thereminist. 'The tJiereniiri is tHfiOlatest of the many new elfectrically iiA* trolled musical instruments. i“Ballads for Americans,” night’s feature, was iritroduced By Robeson two years ago in a Spedial radio broadcast; it Was written ^ Earl Robinson and John La ’Touc^. It opens in 1776, includes ton, Jefferson and Liiiddlhi. sweeps through the Reconiilt^l|i^ era ahd the present mrichind end iri a final outburst with the iii||!fer chanting against a choral bldk«. ground. ' - Spirituals Tonight ~ v j fCalled by many the greatest slli{$^ er of Negro spirituals in the wotj^f he will include a number of Itheiiii hn tonight’s program in addition folk songs and ballads. He learned these spirituals froria hii^ ther, a preacher and a fohrie)* After .winning letters in fouf jor sports at" Rutgers, indUdinKf?!® years as an All-American footh^ end, .the famous baritone took a degree in law-at Columbia to ridd to his Phi Beta Kappa key and hib Rutgers’ degree. Also An Actor * In addition to his scholastic 6nd athletic honors, Robeson has gained (Continued on page 2)
Busy Season At "South Campus' As Agriculture Short Course Opens With Big Enrollment Drop
The regular Union mixer tonig'ht, in both" ballrooms of the Union, will feuturo Eddie Mack,and his University of Illinois orchestra. The orchestra is composed of eleven men
and a girl vocalist.
Due to the now regiilations con-
cerning coed hours, the mixer will Prof, H. W. Heine
be held from 8;30 to 11:30 p. m. instead of the usual hour.s arv:l will be the firstmixer to be held on the new war time. The regular mixer price of
.$1.10 will be charged.
... of the School df Pharmacy spoke before the Boswell and Oxford high schools yesterday on first
aid and civilian defense.
By George Starr “South Campus” is again hi the midst of its busy season. It is at this time: every year, when farmers are relatively inactive, that young farmers and agriculturists come to the University for eight weeks of the most intensive courses, offered by the University. Iii this way many hoys arc trained who otlierwise would not liave the lime or money to acquire a regular four-year education. As expected, enrollment in the current eight weeks’ winter course, is below that of last year by about 50 percent. One hundred l)oys ai'c signed for this year’s course. A corresponding drop occurred during tlie first World War also. . Four Winter Coipscs Actually, there arc four winter courses being offered. General Agriculture, Dairy Manufactures, Dairy Production and Animal Husbandry each have a schedule for about eight separate subjects. In charge of these options are Prof. 0; G. Lloyd; head of the farm management department; Prof. Ralph E. Roberts, superintendent of the creamery; Prof, J. W. Wilbur and Prof. C. F. Gobble. Prof. F. E. Robbins is in charge of winter course activities. Activities of the winter course include the operation of a Winter Course Agricultural Society, designed to provide fellowship and train
the boys in organizing and conducting their own programs. The first concerted action of the course is the selection of representatives to serve on the program committee and assist Professor Robbins. Each option chooses a representative and nominates, possible officers.' The four options each plan and conduct one of the regular Thursday night meetings. Elect Four Officers At the first meeting, four officers of the society were elected—one from each option. On behalf of local churches, Rev. Findley of University Church extended an invitation to the students to attend a chiu'ch of their preference while at the University. Prof. M. L. Clevett organized the athletic program for the society. Although basketball is the main sport several other sports have been organized and certificates will be given to members who play. ' Prof. G. D. Scarseth of the agronomy department showed travel pictures at the second meeting of the society. Other outstanding programs of the society will include entertainment given by agricultural alumni and the annual winter course banquet on the last Thursday. Print Directory Some activities of the winter course society include printing a general interest directory of students in the course, and having a
group picture taken. The picture ht enlarged, framed And hung iri A{^-> cultural Hall. Professor Robbins has organized an orchestra and will organise h glee club from among the sheto course men, who often bring th^ instruments to the Univ^ity tor that purpose. The musical’groriJkl devote many hours to practice arid play at the 'Thursday meetings; of these meetings is ended iffirai group singing led by Y. C, Ece^ltriiri and Px’ofessor Roberts. Highlight of the entire weeks is the banquet, at whihh Hinq honors and awards are bestowed rilid the course meets as a body tor last time. Each option holds torir tests to stimulate aggressiveneriri dri the part of the student and aWfit^ are given for the winners^ »l banquet. The society’s orchestrikiriil glee club provide entertainment. Local rooming houses -boni^:?ri good percentage of short course sttiv dents and they soon become ri'Iii* miliar part of the Univ#% scheme. It is with regret that University hands them a diploxi^'^ March and wishes them good Many of the students have ed their regret that the and good times pass eo swHt^v Great indeed has h|^n thfi hfinA^ derived in their fehr ^ort the University, so thiutk thoae' have tak^ the short coorsoa
'
if.
if
B »’rf <" ^ ":
I%i4e ^
■HHipMHHpil
Purdue Exponent
Saturday,
February 14, 1942^
lidicates Far Eastern
China Will Play Greater Part InAaaticWar
By Brew Pearson and Robert S. Allen WASHINGTON, Feb. 13. — The visit of Generalissimo Chiang Kai* shek to the capital of India is one of the most significant in the history of ancient Asia. Perhaps not since the days of J^ubla ,Khan has the leader of one great Asiatic race totalling 400 million people, visited the capital of another great Asiatic race, numbering 300 million people. 4>, .few years ago, the British would have viewed such a visit with misgiving, even horror. For in the past, they have desired no unity betwteeu the brown and yellow races of Asia. .However,, there is extremely significant diplomacy behind the trip of the Chinese generalissimo t« India. First, it foreshadows a njaw route for Chinese Supplies through India; for if the Burma Road should be closed, China must have a new supply route or quit fighting, ' Seerad, it means that China is goRig to play a greater part in the Far Rastern war. . It hasn’t leaked out yet, but Chiang Kairshek had to use hard-boiled diplomacy to win all this. In fact he almost thi'eatened to pull an Aguinaldo and join the Japanese. • China Is Rebuffed Here is the inside story of what happened. Shortly after General ' Wavell was appointed commander-in.-cb.ief of the Far Eastern foi'ces, Ghiaug. Kai-shek offered him three GMncse, aripy corps to fig^ht in either Burwa or Singapore or both. . However, Wavell turned a cold shoulder. No explanation was given, Igit the Chinese got the impression that the British Indian Government had political reasons for not wanting Chinese troops involved. After this rebuff, Foreign Minister T. Y. Soong, stationed in Washington, slyly suggested that H might be good strategy for the United States to employ the same strategy as the British—namely, let other people do the fighting for them in the East. ; Just as the English were using Indian, Malay and Anzac troops, Dr. Soong suggested, the United States might use Chinese troops. And he guai’anteed that his countrymen were itching to fight. All they needed was a little help in getting artillery, machine guns, airplanes and tanks. 3oong pointed out that China ' had an army of veterans seasoned by five years of fighting. By arming them, he said, the United States could get started in the Far East without waiting to train its own men. Also the United States could save the long haul of troops half way round the world to the East Indies. . However, when U. S. military men eat down and began to figure that a soldier in the field (at least an American soldier) needs 100 pounds of supplies and ammunition daily, they didn’t see bow they could supply a very big Chinese army. So they gave the Uliincse a discouraging apswei-. • Chiang Ttireaf'ens Peace It was about this time that diplomatic dynamite exploded in the Far East. In the first place, Secretary of the Navy Knox popped off with his fjtatqment- about Hitler being our Cpi^ enemy—which made the Chijnese think we were willing to appease ^apan. ! . Secon.d, Captain Fritz Wiedemann, ex-Nazi consul in Sail Frauciscp.and. World W'ar aide to HitIgjr, was in China trying to do some ■ appeasinghiimself,,Ac<?«rdirig to dip-
lomatic dispatches, what Wiedemann told the Chinese was someihing like this; ' “You have been fighting for years, and where are you? Furthermore, what are your great friends the British and Americans sending you? Nothing. And if they win, they will be back demanding, extra-territorial rights. On the other hand, if we win, you can count on Germany to help you make a fair peace with Japan.” Wiedemann’s diplomacy had a definite effect upon some Chinese. They were anxious for peace with Japan. Also it gave Chiang Kai-shek a definite weapon to hold over Britisli and American heads. That was the inside reason behind the half billion, dollar loan suddenly I’ushed through Congress; also the reason for Britain’s sudden loan. That also is behind the . Generalissimo’s present trip to India. Finally, and even more important^ he also demanded 100 U. S. commercial planes to fljf war goods across India to Chi-
na.
And he is going to get them. U. S. airlines are already preparing the planes. The new Burma Road will be through the air. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Piggy’s Five (Continued from page 1) the sensational Gophers tonight, they will not only haVe to stymie one of the smoothest passing attacks in the entire middle west, which has succeeded in racking up no less than 47.1 tallies per game. Good Defense In contrast to the Minnesota powerhouse offense, the Riveters boast of the finest defense in the entire Conference, inasmuch as they haye held their opponents to a meager 35,7 points per game. . One of the most important reasons why the Minnesota combinations has emerged victorious in seven of the ten contests which they have played thus far, we, believe, is, the evenly divided scoring power, Don .Smith,: the ,ditpinutiye . guard who -sparked the Gophers to yictory over the Boilermakers, when the two teams clashed for the first time here this season,, has already garnered the tidy to.tal of ,91 points, and will undoubtedly, be a constant threat to the Riveters. Even Scoring The highly - touted Boilermaker dofen.se can ill afford to concentrate entirely on Mi-. Smith, however, since both Jacobs and Ajax have each been responsible' for no less than 80 markers in the ten games which the Gophers have played to date. In addition to tliis fine trio, the Minnesota quintet will also be bolstered by the presence of Mattson, the towering Swede who operates from the pivot post. Tonight’s clash will be no. picnic for the Riveters, but if they can really turn on the heat -from start to finish they should be able to present Coach Piggy with the Valentine gift which he would cherish most— a victory over the high-flying Minnesota Gophers. Prof. Miller To Address ASME Meeting Tuesday
To Home Ed Monday Prof. Muriel McFarland of the hqme economics education department will speak on “National Outlook C o n f e.r e n c e—Challenge to ■Home Economists” in the Home Economics Auditorium at 4 p. m. next Monday. The material for Professor McFarland’s talk is drawn.from a repoi’t of the National Outlook Conference recently held at Washington and attended by representatives of government agencies and educational groups. This meeting is being sponsored by the teachers’ option group of the Virginia C. Meredith Club and is the first in a series of meeting to be sponsored, each by a different option grioup ih the Home Economics school, k.g.r.
Health Service Daily Report Last Wednesday, F. E. Eifhrenholz, senior in the School of Forestry; W. F. Fletcher, sophomore, in the School of Mechanical Engineering; Helen Hoskinson, sophomore in the School of Mechanics^l Engineering; J. E, Silverman, freshman engineer; and P. D.. Wescot.t, freshman engineer, enterod St. Elizabeth Ho3pital for treatment. On the same day L. H. Savage, freshman’in the School of Agriculture, and D. W. Rezek, freshman engineer, entered Home Hospital for .surgical treatment. Those discharged were S. F. Jai'row, freshman engineer, from St. Elizabeth Hospital, and H. P. McFerren, senior in the School of Science; H. Cox, senior in the School of Science; W. J. Fend, freshman engineer, and B- E- Kendall, freshman engineer, from Home Hospital. Former Universify Man 6efs Navy Promotion According to information recently received from the Public Relations Office of the Naval Air station at Corpus Christi, Tex., Ensign John H. Guthrie, a former University student., has been appointed to the rank of lieutenant, junior gvade, in the United States Naval Reserve. Guthrie reported for duty at Corpus Christi on October 25 of last year and is now flight instructor in Squadron 18-B, a Navy pati’ol bomber unit. Guthi'ie graduated from the School of Mechanical Engineering and while attending the University was a member of Phi Delta Theta
fraternity.
Dr. J.L.Bray
... head of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering was in Brazil yesterday to speak befove the high school assembly bn “Engineering as a Career,” before the Brazil teachers on the place of mathematics in engineering ti-airiing and before the Kiwanis Club at its eve-
ning dinner meeting.
;D:66 N6^ys., . ..'.‘.'j'., Th.eGwi’ioMgh 10:4,5 Morning Meioclies . lp,:.3Q 'IYBAA Presents 10:4B Theatre of Song
10;66 News
11:00 Just Kids
11:15 Music
11:30 High School Guest
11:65 News.
12:00 Woman Shopper 12:15 Tune Time-^Charlie Powell 12:30 Meet the Band 12:46 Markets 12:66 News ' 1:00 Radio Stage ■ 1:30 The Army Speaks
1:45 Music 1:56 News
2:00 The stamp Club
2:15 Script
2:30 Musieal Albums
2; 5,5 News 3:P0 Music
3:15 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Tea Time Tunes 3:5(5 News, 5-'' 4:00 Tea, Time Tune's 4:30 Music , 4:46 Curio Man
4:55 News
5:00 Just Relax - 5:30 Go To Church Sunday 5:45 Little Miss MfiKfitt 5:5.5 News . 6:00 Dinner Hour 6:30 Sports, Review 6:45 Weights and'Measures
6:56 News
7:00 News of the Week 7:16 Home Defense 7:30 Chicago vs. Purdue Basket-
ball Game 8:56 News
9:00 Union Mixer Band
9:30 Music 9:56 News
10:05 Off the Air
Dem&riMr^s Hdeaf Cutting^ Ydi^y Prof. Jack Frost will give a meat cutting demonstration 4;his, afternoon at 1:30 p. m. in the livestock judging pavilion located on the University ,fa^m. ,,Two,' Steers were butchered last,week and these afiimals will he used to dembnstratevthe proper mothod of cutting heef carcasses into wholesale cuts. The annual demonstration will be sponsored by the animal husbandi’'y depart-
ment.
According to Professor Frost, the butchered steers represent-two . different grades of beef carcasses, and thes,e differences Will be pointed out in the demonstratiort., ..The,' be.ef .steel's,were primarily chos.en,'So.that anyone can note the differences. in ■ them^ ' ■ - . .. ;v:" . :■ Anyone may,. attend thg denionstijation, but; freshmen animalKushandry s,tudents and memhers of tb® home economics,marketing-class are required to attend- Short,, bourse s.tudents are also encouraged to at-
tend.
Iclarllnd T^
AtV.C.MoriithClub Meeting Monday At 4 Professor Muriel McFarland of the Department of Home Economies Education will speak at a convocation sponsored by the teachers’ option of the Virginia C! Meredith Club. The meeting will be held next Monday at 4 p.m. in the Home Economies Auditorium, and is the first of a series of meetings sponsored by each of the different option groups of the Home Ec School. .“National Outlook Conference .Ghallehge, to Home Economists,” the subject of Prof, McFarland’s tallc> .is-to he a report of the National, Ou,tloQk.;Gonference, recently held. a,t Washing'ton and attended by representatiyes of gov e r n m e n t agencies,and educational groups. , The committee for the convocation next week is Pauline Geise, Sally, (Beall, Mable Vaughn, Carolyn McGtavy and Ann Busby, a.l.w. ',New -York university school of commerce,, aceounts and finance has chosen-ten leaders, in industry as participants in a new course in col-
lective bargaining;
Singer Tq (.Continued from page M fame on both the legitimate concert .stage as well as in the' movies. He played the title iii Euj^ne OlNeUl’s “Emperor Jonea”',™ ’New York. Other plays ih .' NeW : Ye^k and London in which he starred include “Show Boat” arid “Oth'eRp:.^? Greenwich Village Theat'rcj ,1% York was the scene of his fii-’st'cdH!-cert. Since then he has sung :-ifi command performances before of theiEuMpean royaUy, has ,tpijrc|| the United States and Canada I'afid has appeared in concerts in the HM'* lywpod Bowl, Grant Park in Chiiimgo and New York’s Lewisohn Sta-
dium.
After completing a new motion picture, “Tales of Manhattan,” last December, Robeson resumed hi*s concert toiir which will take Jlim to such cities as Santa Fe, N, M,., Kansas Qity, Mo., and Brooklyn,
N.y.
GREETING CARDS ’ FOR ALL OCCASIONS Ultiversily Book Store Across From Union : ‘lied” Sammons ’li'J , “Doc” Epplo ’40'
, ‘‘Storm Before. Sunse,txfi .a 4,ramat-ie,-thriller,, \yill,he presented .on .this Weelt’a Radio . Stage: program over WBAA at J p.m. today. •, Featuring the suspense and danger; of ■the . tropical junglps of Bolivia, ‘(Storm .Before iSupset” has,a npw, and J diffe;rent climax, according to Larry Myers, director of Radio Stage. , ,. Today’s cast: will feature (four new WBAA radio artists. They are, Dakley Gordon, Kathleen . Keyes, Joe Stong and Virginia /Warren. Walter. Butz is the sound technician; and Tom McCrum and Bill Yeaglpy, Radio Stage veterans, wiU complete this afternoon’s cast.
Christian Foundation ’ Band
First meeting this semester of the University student branch of ;
the American Society of Mechanical AAre C* C* Rnhnckr Engineers will be held, next Tues- V# i UUUIICr
day at 7:30 p.m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering BuildingProf. W. T. Miller will address the meeting on the subject of “Common Sense in Engineering.” All students and staff members are in-
vited to attend.
. . . house mother of Pi Beta Phi sorority, sustained slight head and foot injuries in an, automobile accident at 5:15 Thursday evening when her car and another driven by Ervin N. Ross of Lafayette collided at Sec-
ond and Waldron streets.
Sponsored by the. U n i v e r's i t y Christian Foundation, a “Valentine Ball” will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium following the convocation tonight. The special feature of the evening will be a square dance demonstrated by several members of the Foundation. General admission price will be fifteen cents at the door. The proceeds will he used to purchase milk for a needy family. Defense Class (Gentinued from page 1) Purdue Agricultural Experiment Station; Harold Mqrine, Lafayette, Purdue Farm Management department; Benjamin J. Sacks j West Lafa.vette; Waldo J. Slonaker, Rockville :..Eoscoe H, Tobias, former Purdue student, Blocher; Robert E. Vanderbilt, Brookston; Arnold F.. Wil.son, Lafayette; and John G. Woling, West Lafayette, of the Purdue engineering personnel office. PIA Danfe Class Begins Next Tuesday Evening PIA dance ara'sses'will begin ne.xt Tuesday evening, in the south ballroom of the Union. Rates will be 1H2.5,0 for men and coeds will be ad-' mitted fi’ce pf.^charge. Ten lessons each two hotur's, long, will bo given once a week. P. M. Allen of the Allen school of dancing will be in
charge.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS 400-40-4 Schultz Bldg. 4th And Main St. Lntayettc
(Contin,uedlfrorii page 1)
the Cary Hall dinner-dance formal. Featuring the vocalizing of Betty Carter, Neil Courtney and Mai Emerson, the band recently left New York and is at present on the road ifiaying a series of engagements.
Born In London
Reggie Childs, boi'n on Christmas Day in London attended the Pari.s Conservatory of Music for seven years, studying the technique of the violin, before he moved to Toronto, "Canada with Ifis family. Preparatory to forming;, his own band in this country, Childs was billed as featured violinist with the bands of Paul WhitemaU, Vincent Lopez and Wayne King. After organizing his own orchestra, Ch.ilds obtained a year-long engagement at the Hotel Roosevelt in New York City as a result of his first appearance on the air lanes. Following this engagement he appeared at hotel.s, theaters, clubs and colleges throughout the nation., and his college appearances include Duke, Princeton, Notre Dame, Yalc;.. Alabama, Pittsburgh and Vanderbilt.- , ^
fiWtjdwL £xpomnL All-American 1940-^41
Entered as seconj class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under (he act of Congress of March.3, 1879, anj at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, autfaofized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
Uditvr-in,Chi«f.. K.«»'b £ditur Sportf Editor ..
,;.Ned A. Ochiltree Umsinew M»P4*er-. ..Joho If TruuKott Managing: Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor.
Don S. Powers ..l.ieland W. RufTner ; ......Ruth Hose
Publication Staff AHfoeiate Edit«r» Edlturial Etalt: .t. K. Arnna, J. 11. Aruittroug. 1). T. Itrophy. R. .U ftftdley. F. J. Jopeii, E. G. Kieper. iSports t 0- T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. K.cetcr. Chi^^totr; hlary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Cttcd RuBlneBB Manager: ponna Siesa; Office Manager: Lee Bosaopg. Local Advertising Managrrs:. K. K. (jjemre. R. E. fiaxton: Cicc.qlptiun Manager:' W. T. Rell; AccoMiita Manager: W. T), Millard. Junior Coed Managcra: Jean Frankenbcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin,
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M-, 5377 ^ i M (
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inb., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York. N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Nivbt Editor: Traugolt . JPaX Editor: Chatfield
Issue Editor: D. Ocliiltrce
. . S. Beall, A. Hunter, W. Hafert, W/ Hosltins, D. Bliickburn, M. Scaizo, G. Starr, J. Smith,
Sports Editor- Frazer Shapiro, D. Glaspie, .K. Konuemore, C. Sowards, D. Krieger,
D. Brewer, P. Miller.
ALSO It^NGLE (JIRI, LATEST PATHE NEWS - SUWDAY^MONDAYALOMA OF THE SOUTH SEAS PETTICOAT POLITICS GOOFY GLIDER, Cartoon MARCH OF TIME
Daring reporter matches fists and wits with underworld's toughest t tough guy! THE MAN FROM HEADQUARTERS —WITH— FRANKIE ALBERTSON JOAN WOODBURY
turns his GAT ON THE GESTAPO—Humphrey Bogart proves a little, quicker on the draw than Conrad Veidt, who plays a Gestapo agent in “All Through the Night,” which is currently showing at the Mars 'rheiitre.
‘X ■5't, jvferifJ
fb lijiflrts Gestbs
JtrilJt: p'
By phil ifilinspp
Indiana
► Mitinesola Is The Place Tonight at Minneapolis either Minnesota or the Boilermakers will be eliminated from apy hopes they may still entertain for winning or tying for the conference clown. Both teams have lost thireet games, and one more means they are just another team fighting for the first divii..,.!,’rri' P If ‘ j ~ ' fhe Pipitetmakers have eveiything to win and very little to loser Th,f!3f.aj,*e playing a team wjhicb handed tHem, tlje-worst licking they have sojme time. I| they play the figthting^ driving game they.ys’eji^fpl^yrhg against Northwestern jast MondaK'iW^ht thay niay Well^Veniiesfl^'eatlian defeat ap well as the 68-50 trouncing they took up theip^ast season. .They are .certainly capable of stopping the type Of play Whhth the Gophers employ, and if their hitting is anything at all th-hys shftttW hss able ,to get, them on the run. ,, *WhW '(we- thihjs, of Michigan, the/ teani which the Boilermakers toyed to asi*3^l6,’'yict!Ory) seyeml lyoi^s ago, beating these same Gophers, it all spams like an easy thing to do, ► ,Trim PiHy Thoiw s 0pys ‘'As favf^is''Cpaoh Beeck and the mat<team are concerned, -these tales of mj^tjanpremacy emerging from Bloomington way are .jngt so much hooey. JPor the first time in a great mahy years the Boilermakers licked the Bhaslers on, the mats, and inm most decisive way at that. It was Claudfe’s fifst victory over Indiana, as thp Hoosiers wpn last year and the "liea^pa'had not met for nearly ten years previous tp that. ' The IJo/jsieBS won only two matches of, the eight classes, and weie very lucky to win one of them. It iwas the fourth straight victory for the Boilermakers, their third in conference competition. ► Vel(|i^r Divis—J7A Natural To usjthe most amazing thing about the match was the performance of Velpier Davis, who got the only fall for the Boilermakers. He never saw a^mat before last November following the football season, and now he is one of the best wrestlers on the squad. He still hardly knows all of „the hpJds, but he’s strong and quick, and makes his own advantages. l^ast night he banded Kenny Smith, the right end on the Hoosier giid laat fall, like he had planned the performance on paper. It was ndt until the third period that he got his pin, but he had the Hoosier in d6®P water all throughout the meet. Coach Rqeck has said for some time that experience was not necessary fa become a good college wiestler, and Davis certainly pioves his point • bfeyond a doubt. Ohio State And Michigan Teams Here Although the Boilermaker hardwood team is far from home, there will
Saturday, February 14, 1942 J
Page 3
linbeaten ^
Coach
beaten band Riveter piers continui^
ways last house by
a visiting team ftom by a 20 to 0^ SMSore. number of speetatmns oil to watch the matehas, ft dent that the stude^ slowly becoming awbe/cCj^ fact that the present, maker mat squad is not the best in tbe sehooFs hhttnly but also one of the outstidttdo ing teams in the country, ^
Six Wins
Mickey MacDonald, Khrptpr
kinetic this afternoon at four o’clock n (sTnmiH fvom will'hp Don Anderson, Joe Williamson, Fred P®™dei, gave his team the jump <m , T . .-r T> .V 1 onds, just one-teutfi of a set^ouQ iiom will be quakii^^ tonight when the j -ni i -o fi the opposition by beatine Panfell in around the oval in the Boilermaker 4-i^^ rviio.iifxr Tvr^/»k4r..«r. Herr, and Frank Bi*anner, as well f *' i. /I u the old record, and for the best time mighty Michigan tank team invades i n ^ x ^ the opening match, 6 to 2. and Fieldhouse when they meet Coach conference competi- the Fieldhouse tank at 8 p.m. to- Vernon Hansel-all ton-notch . T.. mnt0 4j,anather&Phillips Riveter lunneis m the sec- tViis sAasnTi. nio-ht fov tha first timp ■Rnilpr- jjeygj. headed. Five of
maining matches went to the Iqn^ squad, while Indiana. niianaged"i<; break through for wins in th®
^tlTisWing tobeatfulTstre'ngth divfsfoms.
Trackmen^ Tankers Battle Foes At Home Today
Thinlies Oppose Buckeye Squad In Fieldhouse ‘At 4 Ohio State’s potential conferenc championship track team turns
ermaker thinlies, has hopes of smashing the Fieldhouse record in the 440 dash to add to the meet this afternoon. The record at the
^ , „ present for the 440 stands at 50.8 . ° !!”!! seconds. At Chicago last Saturday
Bert ran the long dash in 50.9 sec-
Boilermaker Swimming Team Faces Impressive Wolverines
Dick
meet tomorrow go as follows: 60 Yard Dash—-Keim, Baneker,
■ Kron,
be plenty of athletic entertainment in the Fieldhouse this afternoon and
tonight.
,, Ohio State will meet the Riveter track team at 4:30 and Michigan I t^nk team will come to Piuclue for the fiist time at 7:30 tonight. The
ond track meet of the season for both teams. The contingent from Ohio brings as a part of the squad that last Saturday trounced the
Michgian State runners 75 to 34, McQueen. Bob Wright, who in the words of 60 Yard High Hurdles our own track mentor Phillips, “The Conant, Barnes, best hurdler in the world at this go Yard Low Hurdles time.” Wright as the present time Conaot, Dodgq.
holds the nation’s collegiate low and
high hurdle records.
Both Unbeaten
Records for each of the teams jjirvig.
stand at the top so'far this season, Run—Kemp, Jentsch, Kin-
each coming victorious out of the Marqzilk.
one hit of competition entered, both Two Mile Bun —McLaughlin,
happening last Saturday. The Bucks peusler, Appleton.
tion this season, night for the first time in Boiler-
The Boilermaker entries for the maker history.
Boasting practically all of the collegiate and national titles available, Coach Matt Mann’s mighty Wolverines are given a good edge over the underdog Boilermaker paddlers, despite the fact that the Riveters have
Ki'oO) turned in two successive wins so far
as Vernon Hansel—all top-notch
swimmei’s. Jim Krueck, 220 yard chalked up ajbre^ointle^ t^^
first placer, is a doubtful starter, having been out ^11 week with bronchitis. Several other swimmers are listed as ^‘doubtfuls,” but Papen-
by 8 o’clock.
Martin, Skinner Lead Foes Matt Mann’s swimming aces will
440 Yard Dash—Anthony, Arch-
er, Arnold.
880 Yard Run—Remp, Jentsch,
this seasom Michigan State’s tank rely on Martin in diving, Jim Skinteam and the Hoosier aquatics frpm ner, champion breaststrofcer; Gus Bloomington have been the unlucky Sharmet, free-styler; and Horlenko
foes.
Papenguth Prepares Teaiti With such a formidable array of title-holders, Michigan is expecting a walk-away, however lengthy
in the backstroke to eari-y Michigan honors.
Gregoix Paratore, and Ru|;;^g^ came close to piRnipg theirsft^As^ opponents, but either the thne btazer or a last desperate bit of squirming by their foe spoiled their Sittempts.^ - Casey Fredericks kept his reecH^S of never a loss in a dual meet by ifvT artful exhibition against John Arch-
Tuesday the Wolverines defeated er in the second match of the evC; Ohio State’s aquatics, 48-36, the ning. Sophomore Velmar Davis, a Buckeyes being rater among the boy who up imtil this year had never
work-outs in the Fieldhouse pool top few in the country. Last night tried his hand at wrestling, won
to°34^(MicWffan hmi^m-evious*iv*w^ fflgh, Jui»P—McRachern. indicate that the Gold' and the northern swimmers opposed cheers of the crowd by accompliaih. home team downed Chicago 64 to ghS Put^relh Calhoun. ' Papenguth, a former Mich- was not m when this paper went in his match with Indiana’s Kenny
Buckeyes have a better than even chance of becoming conference track 40. Mile Relay Anthony, Arnold, himself, has been o press. Smith. , .
champions and Michigan holds strong odds on i etaining her Big Ten Another man on the Buckeye Archer, Baneker. working
swimming championship another yeai.
UTTL£ MAfty MIX.LJP.A ay Te-M~ggiM»<'egrtoP<^-
'ybu’Rc RiertTWE NVOM'r BE M AVI NS- OANCeS IP WE DON'T WHIP OUR ENEMIES
squad who is going hot toward a new collegiate record is their broad jumper, Dallas Dupre. Dupre has led the tape 24 feet, one and onequarter inches into the pit so far this season, and the collegiate broad jump record held by Jesse Owen is just a little beyond the 26 ft. mark.
Quarter Mile Threat
Bert Anthony, captain of the Boil-
Sports Sthff All members of the sports staif report to the offices in the Union, today at one o’clock. Have your features in Johnson’s box by no later than this noon..-
on all the aquatics for Tonight’s meet will show the Boil- Hoosier Hulk
the expected avalanche of Wolver- ermaker fans just how strong Dick Frank Ruggeri, burly Riveter ine swimmers. Papenguth's squad is, facing prob- heavyweight, found himself l^t Diving tonight will be one of the ably the best team in the country, .^vith the heaviest assignment t^the mam features of the meet, with Extra bleachers will be erected to card. His opposition in the ffiat Johnny Juengst, Boilermaker spring ^aks care of an expected overflow* match of the evening was ar 286 board artist, expected to give Stro- crowd and admission will be by pound behemoth named I^tty. Rt^-
ther “Teabone” Martin a strong passport,
fight. Mqrtin, a former lAC diver
.9
u o HiE’S IN THE ARMY NOW but o lot of his thoughts are iSut ^ centered on home. ' ' Show him you're thinking of him remembering his birthday, or sending an occasional card just to say "hello.'' We have a large assortment of HALLMARK Cards designed especially for men in the service.
was coached in his earlier days by Papenguth, before annexing his intercollegiate piominence. Both contestants will put on exhibitions for
the water fans.
Patty Aspinall Here
Patty AspmuU, another Papengqth piotege, will come to the meet from Indianapolis to give several
exhibitions during intermissions. ^ ^ ^ Patty, a national women’s breast-Tuesday, Februaij 17, at 7:30 stroke champion, holds titles and^P' Mechanical
W. Miner Will Talk To ASME Tuesday After a short lull in activities between semeste,is the University student branch of American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold its first open meeting for this selnes-
recoids in both indoor and outdoor meets. Holding down the fort for the Boilermakeis will be Dick Kratzei,
DECKER'S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
Engineering Building. The speaker of the evening. Prof. W. T. (Bill) Miller, will speak on the subject, “Common Sense in Engineering.” Since this is to be an open meeting, all students and staff members
arc invited to attend.
The rathskeller of the University of Wisconsin Memorial union, long “for men only” has recently been opened to women students.
MAKE HER DAY A PERFECT ONE Sweelliess . . . Elegance . . . Beauty . . . ^re Flowers ... a gift that will cherish her loveliness— CLARK FLORISTS
527 Main St.
Phone 8451
DON'T WRITE
Let the Exponent take all campus news to any part of the country for ybu. Save the time and worry of letter writing—Send the Exponent home six days of every week.
Mailing Subscription $2.25 PtHDUE EXPDNEIVT
geri had no trouble in dropping the huge bulk to the mat, but pittning those well-padded shoulders was another matter. However, Frabk stuck grimly to his labors and lef^ the mat, sweating profusely, with Sl 12 to 3 victory to his credit. ,
The meet summary follows: 121 pounds—MacDonald (P) beat Farrell (I), 6 to 5. . 128 pounds—Frederick (P) beat
Archer (I), 5 to 1. ^
136 pound--Obradavich (I) beat
Motovina (P), 8 to 6. , ^
145 pound — Gregoiy (P) beat
Tone (I),6 to 2.
155 pound — Paratore (P) beat
Hill (I), 12 to 5.
165 pound -— Davis (P) pinned, Smilh (I), 7 min. 12,sec. 175 pound — Traster (I) beat Eviston (P),8 toS. , , Heavyweight—Ruggeri (P) beat
Patty (I), 12 to 3.
Forestry Instructors Attend Madison j^eting. T. H, Shaw,.J. L. Vabt^mp, an# R. e. Brundage of the Department of Faresti-y and Conservation, are in Madison, 'Wis., to attend the Regional Conference of Extension Foi^ esters of the twelve north centr^ states. This meeting, which will coni tinue through today, is foir the pur^ pose of considering adjustments i# farm forestry programs to mee| war needs. *
GILLESPIE'S. , Dishes SffiiefwaM Giasswate.7 CoiAins Utemas Dining Room Fiiftniture 221 Colombia St. Ptione €40$
It'S "Tux''^ and 'Tails" Ttmo— The Military Balt or Party you need Formals—and we have 'em. mM M sim mislltiilh 322 ^(
/
Purdue Expbhehf
Saturday9 February ‘Idf
■M
light Chem Courses to Offer Instructions to ffigh School Grads i A*? a pait of the national defense training progiam bcinc spoliscl^ied by fhe United States Office of Edii cation the Unneisit^ i\ill offei an evening coxiise in cheniisti^ in the neai future The puipose of the couise is to meet the needs of poisons wishing a better backgiouiid of the tech meal cheniistn used in modem in dustnal pioeesses It is ilso de«iL,n ed to fuinish the ncces^aie ]nelim inaij training to those \ ho lia e not taken high school ehcinistn and aic planning to continue in adi meed chemical engine01 mg w011 oi public health sciMces Although no i oom ni d n i si i ments have 1 cen made let gtiiei il eiigiiioei in" chemisti 1 mil Ik died uled to meet two niebt i e 1 tic n 7 to 10 Two houis will be nen ovci to lectuie ind discussion with the remaining houi beine dcioted to laboiatoll woil Except fo the cost of a textbool ind libontni manual admission to the eou c is flee to ani high school ^ladinte Elliott Urges (Continued fioni page 1) loui might to lemain in the coips until lou have earned loui comniis Sion Membeis of ^ the sophomoie class, in paiticuHi should heed this adiicc unless thei pi eft i to be in ducted into the Aimi undei the St lective Service Law 4 You will haic the will to pie sprie Aoui own moi ile md to strengthen the moiale of those with whom \ou come in contact Moialt should signite self confidence ind se’iffoigctfulness those two essei tnl requirements foi both gi eat inei small undei takings “5 "iou will bate the will to it menibei that while you mT\ not be mg umtorm noi in a tiainmg camp 111 realit\ \ou ait it this tinning center wheie the piiinaii business IS to piepaie ^ou foi some needtul lob of the wai C You will have the will to ti cas ure ^oul student lights to le^iliti 1 oui ow 1 student affaiis In my ludgment the S mo\e in ch mg mg coed houis w is i wise atlion The new lules should be thorough Ij tried out ar Council Introduced Also on the piogiam wcie Pi o ftssoi Hockein i issistmt to the piesident and Picliaid Dibc s chin man of the Student \\ n Council Piofessoi Hod tina txiilained the relationships of the students ote twentj with then di itt londs me the pioceduie to follow n woil mgs of the Wai Council md wliat it his accomplished n ce being set up He ilso intiodueed the membeis of the Council The S^mphonlc Band and the Glee Club sang and pla\ed seeci il p itii otic songs
9ji. JhiL ChjuAxJieA.
OI Id Student Daj of Pn) er The Woilds Student Clnistian rcdeiation has cilled foi a Pedti ition Di^ of Pll^cl foi this Sun d All lot il cliuiches w itli student eongiegations and the local student found itioiis hive txpiessed then willingnes to coopei ite with the nitionil oigni!7ition m ob&eivmg h it innual event A.11 students no uiged to take an 11 live put in th it cl^^ ol com munii g Llnouih pi lyti with then fellow students ill ovci the woild The Puidue Religious Council hi been distiibuLing miteiiil lb help mile 1 ili/e i eimimswide obseiv nice
Umveisitv at Gieencastle Indiana lively Puidue student is welcome to these senites
I he lIiiM(|silj Presbl terian ( luireh NoilhSlieet neai Giant lolin \\ I indlev Minister lohii G ''lm„lc Chon Diiector 9 sO i in —Student Class Dr Goidon Gi ives leaclei As a pait ot a senes ot discussions oi the teach in,, of the Bible on rundamentil Religious Conceptions Di Giaves w ill discuss Intim ilions of Faith 10 jO a in — Morning Woiship The seiinon topic will be Is the Bible Tiuc’ 5 15 pm—Hans Jatfe will lead following the piogiam suggested by The Woilcl s Student Chustian Feel eiation in obseivance of the annual Day of Pi lyei toi Students 6 p 111 —^The bund ly Evening Club will meet foi uppci m the Reciea tion Room of the Chuieh The pio 1 im following the suppei will be in ch 11 gc of the Cominission on Stu elents fiom Othei LineK Einest Noielliimei will be chinniin foi the
ev cning
I he A\ eslev I ounration biinday Piograni it the Inst Methodist Chuich 9 jO i m—Thiee student cl isses 1 Does It M ittei Mbit I Be lieve ’ to be tau,,ht by Rev E R
Balslev
2 The Sci mon on the Mount to be till ht by Mis E R Balsley 4 Mi)oi Soenl Pioblem to be t lu^ht by Ml J C Fianklin 10 10 im — Moining Wen ship Scivice Di 0 S Steele w ill pi each e n the theme ‘ The ruth ot a Gieal Lc lelc Spcciil music will be fin nishcd by the Paul Tinchci Smith Mcmoiial Chon Miss Mabel Dm jei will sing Divid Guion s selcc lion Pi ly c a 4o p 111 —esley Vcspci s Tins peiiod will licoin it the chinch with fellow hip and leeieitioi The De P luw Deput ition Team w ill con duct i cmdlcli^ht Woislnp seiv ice Included in tins te mi aie five out«lanehii„ students ti om DeP luw
Baptist Students W est Lafayette Baptist ( hurch C oi net Columbia and Chauncej luscph Baird Gleason, Student Pastor 9 to a in —Rogei Williams Club class lioui J K Noss teachei 10 15 a 111 —Moi ning Wotship Service Installation of Rogei Wil hams Club Cabinet Scimon — Pi lyei Lite of Jesus 5 ■’0 pm—Rogei Williams Club soci il lioui ( 00 p m —15 cent lunch b 10 p m —Rogei W illiams Club discussion horn Pi of A A Smith will speak on The Home m a r 1 mgiim Cultiue I’lnciu ( iinsi an luuiuation Sunday Program M lafivctfe (.hiistian Chuieh Sixth and North St 9 15 am—Catch iide tioni 111 S Cii int 9 0 im—Student Cl iss I list sjKteh m 1 senes of two by Rev Doyle Mullen ‘Youi Peisonil J-’ioblcms IS the subiect 10 40 a in — Chuich Woibhip Scivice ‘Detouis is the title of the SCI mon IS Rev Doyle Mullen con tmues the senes on Religion and Pioblems 5 15 p m —10c Suppei it 131 S
Gi lilt
0 00 pm—Foium Recieation singing woislnp and discussion Chauncey Chu will leicl us m om thinking
C. f, Dammon direetoi of admissions, was in Evansville this week taking pait m vocational guidance piogiams at the various Evansville high schools
Classified Ads
T|pcTTrllcrei—Addiu^, Machines oil makwi sold rente] repaired and pufclmacd Mime OKrapb work dune C T bbcrshoir 005 Main Lafayette Phone 2 79 Lost Yell V II d pfrtc 1 rnc let btlont, II K to €0*^1 ime icwdry “Jct Reward 70724 (hc^rolct 1)31 Iw 1 Ol Cor Hnn til s W W Clnrkc 03 StiiU PI one 509 1 >st Ian 111(1 white coiii pup No col I ir Verv thii Anciwo to name (f Alvit Notify Si liHb rj coop Td 418
Notices
Hi ifrr yVilliBluo Hub Ulnn', ole the ol n ei i S inelav yu itir s tl rdul 6 W 1 i 1 n eh b eial hu r ( !0 il r i 10 r ARIMAN ML m Mahc 1I|> Mnms I xan tali t “i I I m < ( u 1 1 sot It HI Mb JO will bo e V n Sal rtln> M at 11 11 I 1 m ii roi m in if tl ML 1 iililins I It t&i I tifi niL if lit ttstttl —(lb Kfh R I reshman Lnmnccra M t fi r LiiKintir me Iitot ro Sat irilav Fob It at B i m 11 the Muaio Hall S iting a is mtilts an poatt 1 near the inli me to Michael (old tn Shoi KNAPP Lnifinccrmir Sludcnta 11 r \ ill bo iii opin iiuttiiie of thi Amoricin Society of Mtchanicnl Lns liters Tuc day Fel 1 at 7 30 m roi ni 0 of the MT bmldmt: Prof W T Mill r will sive talk oi Com mon S 0 in PngincennK Seniors tspe c I lly ar ire I to i ttend TOPINKA
\
Eplscopai StudCnlHC Communion Sunilay 1 tb 15 nt 8 n m at the St Johnu Chprcli followid by broikfast m the Parish House - THORNTON Coed AdrcrtiiiInK Stuff Freshmen soph 1 mores and juiiiora Will meet at 4 p m Monday Feb 16 Be there —SH SS Scrivenore Short buslncas meeting Sat urdiiv Feb 14 at 1 30 p m in room 68 ot the Union Brim, receipt hooka in JUSTIN Society of Automotive bnginccra All membera dcairing to ibtain office in thi SAF next yBar ahould come to the meetint, in room 803 Union building nt 7 40 Thura day I eb 24 This la a new ayatem and nil interoatcd mend ra ahould 1 c th re to | we their viewpointa nnd to make nominntiona - L W KEIL Shorthand (laaaca Meeting will be Mon day I cb 10 from f 40 to 7 p m IUNKHOUSLR Modem Dance Practice for following n iml era will li Mond y heb If at I p m Jaz? N w fliMon and extinalon Ma^iirkii nnd Sit falls General r view ot all old nvim b ra will le riiisdnv Feb 1 at 7 p m All girls ijibat be i rebcnt —SLRBAN S(A Purchasing Agents Impiitantmc t iiiK of all ( OI ei itiv iirch sing iigcnta will le h 11 Tuts) ly lei 17 at 4 pm in SCA r m Bo Ihei or send a hi tsi rep risentaliv —MOOAVLRO Oiiling (.lull Hk Si 1 iv 1 cb If Miet at Arm ill at 2 0 I 11 ( ill Betty (lal Iraitl r(442 ir fail Ik mis 4007 foi le s null ns I for I iidly i on Fel 13 BULRf LER Reamer (lull Ili| I ly iniioilant mettint, al ( 40 1 in Put dnj lib 17 lit room 414 f U e Uni 1 1 liaai I e tli re —RUl I NLR
baUiii
GRIN AND BEAR IT
tvyiliM
f#
All Ilonie I eonoinirs Students You i re re 1 ested t Utn I i i ol on meeting Mon eUiy 1 eb 16 at 4 | i in the home ecu iiomiea uuliknum X rof Muriel Meharland will speak on tacts vital to all home eco 1 omica st identa at the i resent time VIRGINIA C MEREDITH CLUB Kifie Cluli Rid match Siturdny allti noon Feb 14 at the I leldhou e nil ranei Attendance ib import lit TADMAN 1 ngliah Make Up Lxama Lxaminntlon I remove C b nnd I s in Lnkliah will be (.ivcn Siturlaj afternoon I eb 41 in room 101 ot the Education bull ling Every st i dent rcmovint. a C must have a removal of condition carl At plicatioius ahould leave their nnmts at the Fni,li h office room 108 ot Univcr ity Hall ly triday Fel) 20 CRELK
a. r> on A nu. Kn.
“I always give a can ol sardines for a bridge prize so the winnei won’t waste time stopping at a delicatessen on the way home
'eit
VALEPIM
PHOTO^i
No other gift could please him as much as that photogiaph at your prettiest mm STUDIO
634 Mam Slit cl
Phone 7775
Service that Saves '— Service that Satisfies' — Crown Cleaning Service isaveis your clothef*— Improves jour appearance. Get the habit ol
having-
YOUR CLOTHES CROITIS CLEA!\ED REGULARLY f Laundry
Top of the Hill
^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii;^ 1 Dr. A. M. Irion I I — DENTIST — I E 119 Vi Northwesf-ern Ave g ^ Phone 4965 = ^lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllillllilllllllllllllllllllllf
WhcmJkinA. Popular on Any Campus Sporl Orfiirils
EXPOIVEMT LOOKS AHEAD With Coming Events^ Exponent Will Be There With The News
WHshiiHjtuii Merry-Go-Houiid Picdicts Mutiocs Uf liniiurtmit Lvtmls
l\uws 111 Siiniiij Eloctiuiis
Pruiii Editiuii
Lusty moc type oxford of white buffalo accented with brown
Campus btrap Moccasin every co ed s joy New Buckle idea in beige antique or brown and white
Fasliiuns
luiivu Cuvoruijo Garni; Luvorai|o
What Guos Dll iloro
JioefL 74p, lOIih. JhiL TIbwa. £jif flmdinq, JhsL
xfumedii