Sbjjlihomoi^^s Publish Ejtpbnciilf' While i Juniors 'ftassle'
XM4ieHl
HMr Dr. EHi«it IH ' V* Defense Ceff1r« Montfet^
Voliim© 53, No. 78
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, December 13, 1941
Rurdue Wins Thriller From De Paul 30-26 Jack Kirk Will Entertain For Christmas f//iott To Talk BoileriTIdkerS Biedk TwO
Mann
To lecture Here At 7:30 Nazi Foe To Appear 'In Music Hall Tonight ’ By Gordy Hoffmann Erika Matin, author and lecturer, will speak at the year’s fourtli fconvocation tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall, Subject of her lecture will be “Searchlight Through the Blackout.” Daughter of the world famous novelist, Thomas Mann, an author herself of several books exposing Nazism, Miss Mann has had many opportunities to observe the spread of the Nazi doctrines throughout Europe. She was an actress in Germany at the > time of the Weimar Republic. After studying under Max Reinhardt, she wrote and pi’oducecl her own satirical revue, “Peppermill,” which has since been performed over one
thousand times.
Author Of Nazi Stories She is the author of “School for Barbarians,” an account of Nazi educational methods; “The Lights Go Down,” a collection of stories levealing what happened to Gerritany’s middle class after Hitler’s rise to power; and in collaboration with her brother Klaus wrote “Escape to Life” and “The Other Ger-
many.”
Since her exile from Geiniiany ci^ht years ago,^ Erika Mann has devoted her" entire time to fighting the dictatorships. For several years she lived just over the border from Germany in Switzerland where she assisted the flight of many refugees, from the Third Reich. She then moved among the refugee circles in France and Belgium whei-e she was active in forming the underground movements against Ger-
many.
Although a British subject because of her marriage to the poet, W. H. Auden, Miss Mann has spent most, of her life in Geimany and what is now occupied Europe. She was in Czechoslovakia during the Munich crisis and in Spain dining the Spani.sh Civil War. Aftei the outbreak of the war against Britain, she returned to London where she broadcast to the European people over BBC. Admission to the convocation will bo by passport, season ticket or by tickets which will be sold at the
door.
Exponent /Id StaFf Meeting of all coeds and eds on the advertising staff this allernoon at 1:00 p.m. —POWERS
Mixer Tonight; Sf. Nick To Appear Early For Monday's
Jack Kirk
‘ By Walt Rafert 'Featuring an early appearance of jolly St. Nick, and the music of Jack Kirk and his orchestra from the University of Illinois, the Union will present its Christmas Mixer tonight in
the south ballroom.
Gifts in the form of Mixer comps and free cokes will be distributed at 10:15 by the red-coated gentleman. A drawing will be helfi to determine re
cipients of the presents.
Kirk's band, consisting of twelve pieces, was organized at Illinois three years ago and is considered as the “top swing band” on that campus. The band features arrangements along the “Glenn Miller” style as written by three of its
members.
Stan Rahn, Vocalist, and Carroll Fuller, at the piano, handle much 01 the solo work along with Kiik, who has had experience playing in the sax sections of several of the leading bands in the country. Since its start as a campus band, Kirk’s orchestra has made several trips, including St. Louis, Louisville, and Detroit as successful en-
gagements.
TICKETS
Students may obtain reserve seat tickets for the University’s first four home Big Ten basketball games with Chicago, Michigan, Ohio State and Minnesota during the period from Monday through Thursday of next week, it was announced today by C. S. Doan, ticket manager. It will be unnecessary to exchange coupons for seats for the non-conference schedule, as all students will be admitted upon presentation of their passports. Distribution of seats for the four games will be made by classes on the following schedule; Monday, seniors; Tuesday, juniors; Wednesday, sophomores; Thursday, freshmen. Following the completion of the student distribution all remaining seats will be placed on sale to the general public. Tickets for the remaining three home Big Ten games will be distributed as follows: February 2, seniors; February .3, juniors; February 4, sophomores; February 5, freshmen. a.l.s. Tecumseh Campers Plan Meeting In Union Sunday Students who in the past have attended the annual freshman camps will attend an informal gathering in the west faculty lounge of the Union Sunday evening at G. This leunion is planned to afford an occasion for renewing aequaintences made at Camp Tecumseh. ^ The camps weie oiiginated foi the“puipose of giving freshmen a chance to become acquainted with their classmates foi their stay at the University, m.a.s.
... student bandleader from the University of Illinois, who will appear in the Union for tonight’s Christmas Mixer. Kappa Alpha Theta . . . social soroVity, will entertain at a tea for faculty member^ this Sunday afternoon from 3 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Defense Convo President Elliott will speak at a special defense convocation to be held next Monday at 11 a.m. in the Music Hall. Dr. Elliott replaces W. L. Batt who was forced to cancel his speaking engagement because of the increase in his work due to the national emergency. During the past week Dr. Elliott has been in Washington, D. C., trying to find out something about the future status of the University and the results of this trip will be presented and discussed at Monday’s convocation. Speak on Student Attitude Dick Dibos, president of the Student Senate, and Agnes McCullough, president of the AWS, will speak on the attitude of the student body toward the war and the Symphonic Band, Concert Choir and Glee Club will provide the music for the convocation. Classes will be dismissed ht 11 a.m. in order that all students and staff members may attend the special convocation and hear Dr. Elliott’s message. WBAA will broadcast the entire convocation for the benefit of those unable to attend, d.e.b. Foundation To Hold Party With Holiday Atmosphere Christian Foundation will hold a Chiisfmas party Sunday evening, with a ten cent supper, entertainment and songs after the meal. Later in the evening the entire gioup will go caroling. At 9:30 p.m., after the singing, refreshments will be served at the foundation.
Season Winning Streak
+ Late War Bulletins +
• Rumania Af War Rumania has declared that a state of war exists between'the United States and Rumania.
• United States Seizes French Ships United States Military forces have taken over all French vessels in American harbors. Among these is the luxury liner Normandy.
• japan's Fleet Routed United States Naval Department reported last night that Japan’s Pacific fleet was fleeing from American battleships and submarines.
• Nazi Panzer Divisions Retreat Russia claimed last night to have inflicted heavy losses in the Nazi Panzer divisions, capturing 21 Nazi divisions, including ,300,000 captured, 85,000 dead and 400 villages in the defense ring around Moscow. Russia also gave its first official ,notice of its stand on the Japanese attack in the Pacific, saying “Japan’s fleet is doomed to defeat in the Pacific.”
• Ford Establishes 7 Day Week Henry Ford announced last night (liaf a sevin-day-week wherever possible would be installed.
o Guam Workers Fight Guam Island reported last night that workers on the island had seized rifles and uere fighting alongside of the military forces. ^ 1
University To Distribute Of Regulations To Staff
New Book Members
By B. G. Smith University rules and regulations will be much better defined after Christmas, when the first new edition of the University Code since 1929 will be ready for distribution to facijlty members. Prof. L. E. Beck of the School of Electrical Engineering, chairman of the Committee on Rules and Regiilation.s, is in cluarge of the publication of this new hook. First Code in ’27 The first formal University Code was published in 1927, when officials first felt the need for clearer definition of regulations concerning students and staff members. The lust was publishotj, 1929. This last one, however, swiftly became obsolete with the great expansion of the University; and in Apiil, 1937, a tentative mimeogiaphed code was issued to the faculty with the intention that it should be ciiticized, cor-
leclcd and then piinted in poimanent foim > But the Code ol 1937 was due to die a slow death. It was never piinted, and the oiiginal copies gradually dotei ioi ated, although i emai ks weie added to the book ."s planned. On November 10, of that same year. President Elliott appointed a Committee on Rules and Regulations which was to foimulate the code. Formerly, Professor Babcock, Univcisity Editor, was in chaige of the code publication, but the new Set-up included Babcock as a committee member, with Pi of. Bdek as chairman. New Code Distributed The work of the committee is now healing fruit. When school begins after Christmas vacation the new code will piobably have been clistiibuted to all faculty membeis. The ¥ode itself is divided into three main classes which aio: Pait I, Federal
Regulations and State Constitutional Provisions; Pait II, Internal Adininistralion of the University; and Pait III, Constitutions of Student Oig^nizations. The lq!st pai t wa.s not added until September of 1938. Part II has held the attention of the committee, and it is the only pai t appearing in the
new book.
Three Sections It is divided into throe more sections: I, Academic Regulations, which liave to do with students, faculty, scholai'■diips and the like. II, Business Regulations which govern accounting and the various office forces. Ill, Affiliated Associations, including the Union, Ross-Ade Foundation, the Residence Halls and the Purdue Research Foundation. All this material is classified, numbered, and then indexed with a view toward easy improvement and
addition.
Welding Conference Closes As Delegates Discuss Gas Cutting Welding and its importance in the national defense efforts of the nation was the keynote of the Seventeenth Annual confei’ence on Welding which closed yesteiday after a two day meeting of welders throughout the state. General meetings and display of equipment in the Michael Golden Shops attracted approximately 400 leaders in industi y.
Training Described
General methods followed in the tiaining of welders at the Air Corps Training school at Chanute Field, Rantoul, III., wore ilescribed yesterday by Lt. J. C. Skinnei, director of the machine shop division there. He spoke on the intensive training given potential welders and the type of work they were attempting to do. “The purpose of the training,” he said, “is not to teach the processes of fabrication or manufacturing but to tiain the men in repair work so that a min’or damaged aircraft could be put back in the aii as soon
Teachers To Meet Today To Discuss Aviation For Youth Junior and senior high school teachers from throughout the state will meet on campus today to consider ways and means of stimulating the current interest of youth in aviation through the medium of public schools. This event, the first of its kind to be held in the country, is sponsored by the University engineering extension department and Aeromodelers Club in cooperation with Air Youth of America, a national organization devoted to the interests of youth in aviation. President Elliott, who is a member of the Board of Directors of Air Youjjji of America, will deliver the opening address of the one-day session this morning. Other speakers include: Ernest Gamache, executive director of Air Youth of America, and Alison Arnold, ME ’43, treasurer of Aeromodelers Club. Gamache will discuss the organization of model airplane clubs. “Youth Takes to Wings,” a sound film, will open the afternoon session and will be followed by a discussion of lessons that can be learned from model airplane building. R. L. Sloan, instructor in civil engineering, and three members of the Aex'omodelers Club, Dick Oborski, Henry Velkoff and Kenneth Harker, will lead discussions on the construction of scale models, gliders, rubber and gas powered models and radio conti oiled models. Two other features included in the conference are an exhibit of the various types of airplane models and a demonstration of a radio controlled model, a.p.h. Sororities, WRH Offer Annual 'Coed Capers' Today At 2:30 In Union At 2:30 this afternoon YWCA will present “Coed Capers” in the south ballroom of the Union. Sororities and Residence Halls will participate in the third annual coed stunt progiam. The organizations and their skits .represented are: “Little Nell,” Alpha Chi Omega; “Twas the Night Before Christmas,” Alpha Xi Delta; “Dear Penelope,” Chi Omega; “Ration in Reverse,” Delta Gamma; “A Burglar Bold,^” Kappa Kappa Gamma; “It’s a Date,” WRH Noith; “Knitting Time,” Phi Mu; “Reversed Ratio,” WRH South; “Seven Snow Whites and a Dwarf,” Kappa Alpha Theta; and “Plirduesapoppin,” WRH Wood. ■ House Chairmen Chairmen for the represented houses are: Virginia Keiser, Alpha Chi; Ruth Newton, Alpha Xi; Juan Shelburne, Chi Omega; Vh’ginia Creson, Delta Gamma; Maren Chestnutt. Kappa Kappa Gamma; Mary Cech, WRH North; Winified Kreipke. Phi Mu; Billy Nicholson, WRH South; Betty Lewis, Kappa Alpha (Continued on page 4)
as possible. He showed numerous examples of the woik that students had done along this line^ Products Exhibited Manufacturers of welding equipment and those supplying welding supplies e.xhibited their pioducts in the Michael Gqldeii shops. The demonstrations consi.sted of actual welding with both gas and electrical welding equipment. Other parts of the exhibits consisted of gogglijs and shields and types of welding rods used. Yesterday the conference ended with a discussion of machine gas cutting for national defense and the effect of priorities on the welding industries. W.R.
Orchestra, Cte
Will Present Xmas Program Thursday
Annual Convo Begins At 8 p. m. in Music
Continuing the monthly series, rf religious convocations offered by the University, members of University
Flashy Passwork Features Offensive As Menke Leads Point Makers In Fray
By Ted Clark
Failure to cash in on 11 free throws caused DePaul to falter before the Boilermakers in the Fieldhouse last night as Piggy Lambert’s classy quintet bested the Blue Demons, 3D-26. Thus the two year jinx that the Windy City crew had held over the
Gold and Black was broken.
A fivesome composed of Frosty Sprowl, Mickey Tierney, A1 Menke, Captain Don Blanken and Bob Riley battled the opposition to a 16-16 stale- [.in
mate during the first half. As the second half opened Mickey Tierney came through with a weird one-hander from outside the foul circle to put the Riveters in the lead, 18-16. Mickey played brilliant ball throughout and demoralized the visitors with his numerous interceptions. A1 Menke played more of the game than any other Boilermaker and was high point man for the evening with 10 markers, hung up on three field goals and four foul conversions.
Menke Shines
Sophomoie Menke had as much musical organizations will present poise as any veteran on either annual Christmas Convocation squad. Bob Riley looked brilliant at „ ^ ^ . ' intervals and will be a college bas- Thui-sday evenketeer of the first water as soon ^it 8 in the Music Hall, as he controls his passes a bit bet- Instead of the lecture usually givter. en at Christmas convos, this year’s Purdue, never relinquished the program will consist entirely of lead that Tierney gave them at the Christmas musical numbers by the outset of the second half and for University choirs and orchestra. Ac11 minutes of the second stanza the cording to Dr. L. Hadley, chairman lads from Chicago failed to score a of the religious convocation commitpoint. This brands the Riveters as 335 students wIlFtayfSft a real defensive team, despite-their jj, ^{jg program failure to nab rebounds from the of- ^he University orchestra, undet fensive and defensive backboards, ^he direction of Joseph M. Sagains, The Purdue defenses completely open the convocation with their throttled the De Paul major scoring performance of the “Spirit of threat, center Wiscon. Kelley topped Christmas,” a musical fantasia by the Blue Demon scoring for the eve- Reibold, and several excerpts from ning by registering eight counters. Tschaikowsky’s “Nutcracker Suite.” Blanken, Hoffman Best on Defense The “Nutcracker Suite” was WiitHoward Hoffman looked very ten to accompany a ballet which good and was paiticularly good on tells the story of a fantastic Crujlstthe rebounds. Captain Blanken was ,mas eve dream of a little girl who supeilative as usual, roving all over is grief-stricken over the breakihg the floor and passing with sufficient of one of her toys, an ordinary putcleverness to amaze and confuse the cracker. defenders. The second section of the progrppi The Riveters’ most effective com- will feature a special candle lighted bination was Blanken, Menke, procession of the 250-voice choir Sprowl, Tierney and Caress. The lat- down the -‘aisles of the Music HaU ter dropped in a beauty of a one- to the stage where, under the djrechander and was a terror around the tion of Albert P. Stewart, they wilj bank-boards. sing a group of familiar ChristnfiaS Three Cheers For The .. . songs, “Joy to the World,” “Hark De Paul’s red and white shoes, the Herald Angels Sing,” “It Came combined with their blue and white Upon the Midnight Clear,” aljd uniforms gave them a patriotic mo- many others. tif and lent a colorful effect to the Then the audience will be invited general atmosphere. The officials re- to join with the choir in the singing ceived just a jittle more of the Bronx of several old Christmas carols. The cheer than usual, but such is the case program will close with the clioir's with a tight ball game in any sport, interpretation of Bach's Christmas (Continued on page 3) cantata, “For Us a Child Is Born.”
Rasselers Stagger At SDX Nightmare; Gazette Vendors Smothered In Rush
,y$i ‘ "k "m
By “Rocky” Roquemore Swinging, swaying, and staggering to the red hot jive of Jimmy Raschel and his orchestra, some 200 or 250 couples tripped the light fantastic last night at the annual Sigma Delta Chi Rivetei;^s’ Rassle. At first glance into the ballroom, we though we had interrupted someone’s nightmare. Various degrees of dress and undress were apparent at the brawl as the girls came dressed in short, tight, revealing skirts; long baggy dresses; modest 1890 bloomers and other sundry items. Boys Use Ingenuity The boys were not to be outdone by the giils’ ingenuity. Their biaitistoims included convicts’ garbs, pajamas, knee pants, short pants and no pants at all. Some few even invaded the women’s kingdom and came adorned in the latest (?) Paris gowns. The hit of the dance was the Police Gazette put out by SDX. The salesmen were mobbed and almost suffocated by the lush of eager customers. Anothei item which
captured the eye was the Aci^eia Side Show, including a Gtqiid Swamee, Beared Lady, Strong Man and all. Prizes Awarded The climax came with the awatding of prizes. Foster C. Clark received the blackest, thickest beard prize after a thoiough going over by “Stuff” Queens Rose, Perviae, Darrow and Henderson. His was a kiss from one of the La Verne G. King got Fitch shampoo for his peach Bob Swab receiver a curling for his wavy growth, Paul IBai^ got some red Tintex to touch ap jhls laven locks, an unidentified hqr^ got the costume piize for men anA two coeds, Jeannie Lauer and Uwry Jo Funkhauser tied in the race fe® the flashiest women's apparel. * And last but you know whaji, Frenchie Lienweber got a resao^dh ing slap from eath of the Queens for his flattering (?) draMr* ings of them on the front page''eif Ye Old Police Gazette.nm
>1 ft >?> f\ i£iiimimilimaiiimMm,
'••’ ■’ "%'* purdtie-'Ei^ppnettJl'-^^'’'''
Saturday,December 13,'194if "
Let’s Tmdt Them Fair
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. AUj^n
Cidpitdl Becomes Grim \^ar Town; j^ies Reports |ip Spy on Coast WASHINGT^.i D#&; 12.^0^eav iiiirht this town, has elianged. Washington was a hoom town last week; this "week ifa war town. Tiae change is partly a matter of visible th^jj|gs, iaaj-tly things tlaat are felt WiChiiut hei^ seen . '. . Khaki-clacl soMiei’s, with tin hats and bayonets, patroiing tajch abreast between the Wtiite House and the State Depaitmgiit., ftarluiess oyer the Gapjtol do,»ne, whe^ searefellghts are blacked out, for the duration ... A .iam of volunteers fbi’ Civilian Defense . . . New flags delivered at Civilian Defense headxjuai'ters, two for LaGtiiai'idia’s car, two for Mr.s. Roosevelt’s gw, ^ix for the motorcycles . . . The residence of GcTinan coi’le.spondent Kurt Sell is raided at night .and Seji is taken into custody
by:■F.'^^i^
.ThoU{^the Department of Comdeala with such iiuiocuous subjects as census figures, its great steel doors are locked, and guards,deifiajid credentials at the main entrance . . . Women'flyers ^ America call a hurried meeting ^ speed uj? plans for training ... An c.xtfa detail of police strolls tjn the eouth grounds of the White jjou^, last trampled by eggrpljing Easier erowds. In his preSs confei-enee, the Pres' icieiit’s voice is so grave and low that a newsman calls out, “Louder, please” . . . Foui- ])lain-clotbesmen, in two cars, sit parked all day on Waterside Dnive, where the bank rises sharply on the back garden Of the Japanese Embassy . . . Even Falla, tlie President’s Scottie, feels the change, for the White House guards have less time to play with him, and he curls up disconsolate in his green dog-house, just back of tlie Pa-esMent’s office. japanese Spies Last summ.er Congre.ssman Martin Dies had investigators make a thoi’ough sufyey of Japanese actiyities along the West Coast. The i-e-sults eventually were suppressed by the State Department and the President himself, but a hidef summary of them indicates that some paits of the United States face a dangerous problem when it comes to fifth coluann activity. Hitler had many agents planted thiough Norway, Fraiace and the Low Countries when he attacked, hut the Japanese, according to the Die.s report, stai-t out with IhO.OOO of their countrymen in the United States. These ai'e all Japanese citizens, and do not include 50,000 secoaid geneiation Japanese born in the United States. The Dies report shows that 200 key Japanese have been decorated by the Emperor during the past two years and that many Japanese are in close cooperation with the homeland through the Central Japanese Association which has been’directed by consulates in
Califdrnia.
. Dies a-gents have collected photographs of various Japanese truck j^rden.s operated alongside oil tanip£ and strategic railroads. Aieip f^Ley report 5,000 Japanese residCin|: on terminal Lslands in Los Alleles harbor, where are located strategic oil tanks, lleeves Field ajjid .a shipbuilding company. Oil stooge tanks blown up in the Uarborl would endanger all of the
beginning Sundly, Dec; 21, mertibeii*s t)f the Cosmopolitan universities and colleges in the l^«ited>iStates wall beten campus for their annual national conference. This meeting; particularly significant in this time of extreme racial consciousness, is being held for the primary purpose .advising and instructing the foreign members of this organization bn how to. meet and cope with
this feeling. ,
To use a much worn expression, the world, including noW} our own United States,,, i?, in total war—-with a yellow race pifeted against a white,. and with Godless warring Godfearing men. ; „ . Americans—citizens of a country where all races and,c|i;eeds hayg l^ome Intermingled, —we must realize, that this is not a war of man against man, but of goyernnaent against government, ^ilh visio^ef Pew#r and would domination.uppermost Sp the^pds of those leaders w’ho totally disregard human lives apd .suffering, "^^e mu^t realize that men the world over are driven by the saipe tundarnental motives of, hunger, race propagation, and the desire for shelter that control oiu’ own actions, and foreigners are not,, ttiers-
fore, to be despi.sed.
Foreign governments realize that in order
to maice anen fight jthey ■ muAt ■arofi tfeir anger, they, juae ^tiona|jsti^ Ipad Tgcial: proi^ganda^r^a''a' yn^a^':,fpr • feeling. ^ ^ Thoughtless, impulse and rage at being attacked fo.ster our idea that Germans are warcrazed fanatics and .Q.ur,v.c,urrent Reference to the Japs .as “those yellow devils/' Yet, in spite of the fact that foreign powers instill fighting rage into their people by the ranting and roaring method, Presidefit Roosevelt has followed jthe .Igudabie-v piiocedure of urging Aiiperipans^tp he and; careful with their judgments and prejudices. ■ , There are both German and Japanese students now in.attendance at many schools in i;he iCounti’y, and sopie of these will.,undQubtedly ajt'^nfi.the Cosmopolitan Gliib conference here next week. They are en the spot. But until they haye beipn su§pe,G[ted apd justly convicted ,cf :wrong-doing, we owe it to them and. to, pursplyos to them and feel toward them as we do our fellow country-men. The feeling of rachd prejiudice, it seems to us, is .Gpnfuaing the issue. We are not fighting the Japanese because they are personally odhnjs, but b^ause the aims of their government .endanger opr .country’s freedom and our democratip government as we know it. w,g;,h. . ■;
fi
Pr,of. ,G.;H. Graves, faculty .adyis,or of Freshman Camp, will welcome stuelents who attended Camp Tecuthseh in their pre-school days at an informal meeting tomorrow nig-ht in the west faculty lounge of the Uniyn. Former campers will meet at 6'p-m. and a very short program has been planned after supper. , Freshman Camp was planned with the view toward making college friendships. The reunion will afford an'opportunity for renewing friendship.s made at the camp. Supper will be served at a small charge, g.w.s.
Graney Heads Local Trafrirng "Programs * ■ Mahwee 'fe Graney, general engineering instructor, has been appointed local administrator for the defense training program in Lafayette. This program provides intensive training for men and women employed in defense industries. Graney will be in charge of the classes on' the campus that the Uni-^ versity is supervising for the U. S. .Office of Education. Classes now opemting at the University, include: : chemistry;of powder and explosives, electrical en.gineering, drawing, production supervision, time and motion study, production engineering, imetallurgy, spectroscopy, metaJlographic" labioratory. practice, .aJid preformanship training, xyd.r.
Los Angeles area. The most revealing doennients. , seized by Dies’ agents ai e maps, show j g all the U. S. strategic points and fortifications, and ai Naval Manual showing the size of ali American naval vessels. The Naval Manual, published in 1941, is so up to (late that it even shows latest models of U. S. mosquito boats together with the Presidential Yacht Potomac and the plan of U. S. airplane carriers. The location of guns, engine room, etc., is indicated alongside the photograph of each vessel. If must have taken Japanese agents months or years to collect this data. Inventors' Council This is >vhat happens to the hundreds of defense inventions received (lail.y by the National Inventoi's’ Council: ; Aftei’ a preliminary scrutiny to eliminate “crackpots” the inventions are sent to one of the nine regularly employed engineers of the Council’s Washington stalT. The specialist makes an examination and if he considers an invention good enough he scuds it to the Council member who is an expert in this particular fieki. Every .six weeks the Council meets in Washington to consider the findin,gs of the individual members. If a majority deem an invention worthy of fuither exploration, it is sent to the Army or Navy, \yhose experts then take charge from there on. If an invention is approved, the Army or Navy then enters, into negotiations for its purchase. Most inventors are patriotic and modest regarding compensation, but (jccasionally one comes along who de'mands a ,$1,000,000 check. So’ far the Council in its ten months of existence has received about .35,000 inventions, bluer prints and ideas. They arrive at the rate of about 150 a day. and their nature is kept in strictest secrecy, All models are returned, since the Council has no storage space. When this word was sent to a West Coast inventor he wi-ote back that hi.s invention, a high explosive, would make its own storage room. Favorite irrember of the Council is Dr. Charles F. Kettering, famed inventor of, airroirg other' things, the self-starter. Affectionately known as “Boss,” he endeai'ed'himself to the staff by donating a $10,000 aircdrrditioiring plarrt for .their- .crowd(rd, sweltering offices. Other noted Council meirrbers aive Dr. Thoirras Midgley, inventor of ethyl gasoline, Dr. William Goolidge, inventor- of the X-ray tubd, and Orville Wright of airplane fairre. (Copyright, 1941, by U-nit©a Feature Syirdieate, lire.
Student'Unioiis oMndrana University and this University will spnnsor a toi-rdge contest between teams representing their r-espective schools tomdrrow' at 2 p.irr., and again at 0 p.m. in room 302 of the Union. This is the fii'st such contest to be held, and it is hoped that the nreet will become a semi-aimual affair-* A trophy will be presented to this year’s winner. The University will Ire represented by Dick Johnson, EE '’42; George Kintner, EE ’42; Felix Losson, Met '42; and Tom. Gai-dner, ME ’4.3. Charles Kimei- will dri-cct the tournament. Spectators are invited to attend, Albjerg Discusses Japanese Relations At Honorary Dinner ' Prof. 'V. Albjerg r'.evrewed Uriited States r-elations with Japan since the time of Gommauder Perry at the initiation banquet of Delta Rho Kappa, science honorai-y, in the Union Thursday night. According to Prof. Albjei'g, “Without a doubt the United States will win the present conflict.” Bierlein Toastmaster All actives of the honoraj-y and repi'esdhtatiVes’ from the departments in the Science school were present at the banquet, at which James Brerlein, president of Delta Rho Kappa,-was toastmaster. The following students were initiated ' jrito the honorary: Monica Bucrgler, Mar-g'ie Buntain, Edward Boedeker, Howai'd Hamilton, Charles Hansen, 'S^irginra Schaupp, Ted Novey, Margorie Ballman, Alice Altherr, Anna Ramsey, Bonnie McPherson, Roger Wilson, Shirley Johnson, Stanley Davis, Marian Widraer aird Alice Chatfield. c.h.a. H.ealfli Association Holds Meeting In Indi^^jnapplis Arimralmooting of; th®- indiana Student Health Association, whieh will be held in Indianapolis today, will be attended by sever'al members of the University staff, including Miss Russel, a member of the department of physical .education for women; Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health sei'vice; and Prof. L. W. LaBree, member of the division of physical education for men. Miss Russell is seei-etary and tr.easurer of the association', c.c.m.
Instructors To Hold District Conference On Defense Training •In.structdrs and Jocal administrator's of the Indiana defense training program will hold a district conference here today, according to Har-rj'^ Short, district representative. The defense program is sponsored by the University. Visitors will be the guests of the University at a dinner to be held at Lincoln Lodge this evening at <5, After the banquet the group will r eturn to the campu.s for di.seussion .of the subjects to be offered in the next course of study. ■Porsch Will Preside Members of the University staff who will lead the discussions will include Pi'of. J. H, Poi-ach, who will preside oyer the meeting of the local administr-ators; Prof., J. F. Eckel, chemical and rnetallu.i'gical engineering; Prof. H. F. Owen, drawing, mechanics and production engiireering; Prof. E. P. Miller, science and mathematics; Prof. Ben Petty, civil engineering; and Prof. C. W. Galdwell, electrical engirieei--ing. This program is under the allspices of the U. S. Office of Education and is iidw i-eaching seven thousand men and women employed in the defense industries throughout the state, j.d.s. Sororities (Gontinued from page 1) Theta; and Rosemary Boyd, WRH Wood.«>, i Judges to pick the most amusing ten-minute skit Will be Mrs. Mildred L. Fitch of the history department; W. L, Deam, dramatic ,coach for Playsho.p; and Airs. Knight. While the judges are making their decision the modern dance group will perform. Decker Trophy Donated The winner's will be awai cied the Decker Trophy which was donated two year-s ago by the Decker Bookstore of Lafayette. Any organization winning the trophy for three consecutive years may keep it in its jrosses.sion permanently. The pi'oceeds coming from the sale of fifteen cent tickets Will bo used to send delegates to the Geneva Gonfo encC this .summer. Every year YWGA sends representatives thei'e from all colleges and rmivei--sities to discuss YWGA activities.
STARTS MIDNITE RRCVUl TOMfTl
TticNmaster director who gave you “REBECCA” brings these two great stars togetl|ei1
FIRST HUH HIT — ^ ' 1 .■■■r Tbe terror'he awoke'inher vanisbetd, while be held her ia bifi xtrUuet
T(f|§^JPg|^3|||||akfast;' ■The;'’»jg ■'
PLUS
ITeHW Mjiiliny in
iiim/mtiir.
SUN. - M6N1—^2 Hits
■ ALiO.L—^
AiAm^PARm
. .''last 'DAYr— ‘HARMON Of MICHt<5Ap4‘ ~AiS0-4::'+ft "JESSE JAMES AT BAY^‘ j
■.iir’
.'D
0 0 0
its songsl for its dances! for its girls!
TUN
The grandest iatt ’ev4r p0ciced Into one big, mod, merry muticall
Starts TODAY
"Triumph Without Drums" The story of Harvey Wiley, his research work at Purdue and the struggle for rhe passage of his Prire Food and Drug Act.
SltA^ SUND^^ ^ TREI, ft’ MOST* RUTHim * fl THE mmm Mumr ¥0tP¥EI fliXCnillltr EVER METl^l WOMAN
A WAfMR ■Aa>. < GIAOYS GEORGE PETER tORRE
LAST TIMES TODAY
GIVE JEWELRY The Gift of a Lifetime This year g-ive jewelry—a gift that Will hold the spirit of Christmas throughout the years. A gift that williceep its beauty and value indefinitely.
fiwidujL Fxjfummt-Ali-AWierican 1940^-4!'* ^
Enl|rcd as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conjjress of Mafch 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, Jiuthorized January 20, 1922. PnhUsbed daily except Monday during the regular academic year and T^ekly duripg the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
KilUor-ii-CliUr Ntiii'ii Kflil-or. (ditv/ -
..Ned A. Ocliiitree Bu8ixie»t} MjinAifer.. ..John Lp. Traufirott MarnaKiiis: Editur Phil Johnson Coed jSdUor
i.,Don S. Powers ..Leland W. RufTner ,....Ku(h Rv«ie
Publlcaf^ipn $taff 5 Associate Editors t Editojriai SUifT: J. F. Amos. J. H. Armstrongr, D. T. Brophy, R, E. jljidley, F. I. Joiie.s, K. 0. Kpprta ^alT; O. T. Clarli, J. D. Frasci', J. S. Keeler. iUktdSUBi Mary K. Boynion, Alice Chxitfttld. Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Coed Ruoineas Munaeer: Donmi Siess ; Office Manager: Lee Bossonj?. 1.4>cal Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre. R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell: Accounts Manager: W. i). Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Franlcenberry, Fi-aiice.s Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phoi4>* Editorial and Business, 4D05; Sports, >2792 , Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represonted for national advertising by National AdvertisJne., College Fiiblisbcrs Representatives, 420 Madi.son Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
litor: Hoskins [tag: Jtoswinkle
Day Editor: Pickering Bports Editor: iCarpick
8tgffi|W. K. JRaferl, D. OebiltrcH-, ir. Bulz, O. Starr, S. wolf. l*fC, Holfmaii, Martindell, Watllewortb, Wieliard, 11. I..
Glaspie. lyaon. A. Sloan, K, G. Roquernore, Jnzwiel;. Slenberg. Abrens, W. Summers, l(. Klosson, I!. G. Smilb. A. iluiiter, EoiiaUdn, Shapiro; Soloway, Beal.Sports: J. IJawson, D. E. Brewer, C. S. Sowards, It, W, lleMar-s.
"T
LAST TIMES TODAY tUNE-PIlLED THRILLS!
t-AUSO—-JUNGLE GIRL PLUS -—
PATHS LATEST NEWS "UNGLE GIRL" Serial
-SUNDAY - MONDAY TOM, OI.OK AND HARRY WHERE DID YOU GET THAT GIRL ALL-COLOR CARTOON
If she has a hope chest silver will thrill
her.
The thrill of receiving a loeket, bracelet, necklace will rate you tops.
And girls, we have hand-; some rings for the boys. ;
Smart dresser sets will be ideal for
any woman.
Other suggestions are key chains, clocks, knives,, compacts, cigai’.ette cases, tie clasps and broaches. LODDE S Lrar/i/ifi Siacr asd'ssi rmCourtmen Prepare For 'Battles
fV
t Mm bld^# adjourns i&f ^e’iSMia^p^ vacation, ttte Boilermaker, barwood contingent wflt eiira|^ » in a^olorful interjjectioiial contest with U. C- B* 'A^ieim000$
loading Pacific Coast Quintets, which’ pronfiafes, to oft# cl *. the most interesting of the pre-conference battleai the £
will wage before headii^g into -
' 'fw t * ^ Brewer fj'MjeiutecUft of Sigipa Phi Epsilon, fsat y<J^,’s f rV t e r n i t y sqwsh ebtmips, Isrroheotely thong'ht to be out df ibliis season’s race, have Ol^lkcd 'Up two victories m two st^i’ts, find are gunning for the cup again. The Triangles,
W|lD have lost tWo out of two, will ffljis the Sig Eps in their thiid smnash rpeet./ ’ |Play-offs is dihe fraternity squash tournament " whl prpibably begin hejtt Tuesday^ ot’ Wednesday, swith thft Sigma Alpha Mus and Delta Cbis winnihg' three straight so far. (Over ii) Cai^yJtall, Gil Woltei, the Hall's athletic’, boss, is expecting SQjrtie livjPly cdpipetition in the closing series of Glass “A” basketball. George Stcu^cl, Gary JIall 1 manager, announced that his team was OT^t to sweep ‘I'rlta another victory like that of laist year, and Norman Gmder, mentor"6f Cary Hall 2 team, sgys that his squad has title aspiratiohB a^o. Both hardwood squads haV« iW«^h,fo}^ .oriife of four. U4tyjersl,t^.^^ark8raen have been ipvijted by.,tile Rifle Club to shoot every jafjtenno^ '|ii .t^ie ^'ieldhouse rifle range, jfMJcoramgi^ to Jack Tadm4li, the 'Club’s president. Nontrv^pgbers will be permitted to shoot 1‘gi’atis” until Chiistmas vacation, hijit after that only club members ^11 be allowed on the range. The Rifle Club will sponsor 19 rifle Xbpets with other institutions this ye.ai’. <
(C^tMoef's -Pi^Lh-hitbitxfi: iCot* lo&’R, lanlty iPiKiIi \viliO'>Uy this time is piobably nndci the inblc 4it ithe Jilazer with tilic rest oE the EiqioiiierLt bii? B:uTm, is Joe DaWson, a sophomorjj ^pojtei.) i
We hope that you won’t hold anything against Phil for what appeals in thi.s bit of “journalism.” Please don’t hold it against us cithei. Let’s just charge it up to experience. Well, here we g,o. ^ 44flndles Offielatiiig Did you rocQgniae the referees at the gapio las^t night? It so happens lliat these two feliows, the Townsend brothois of indianapoli.s, wpie and still are for that matter, two of the greatest hardwood ^performers the Iloosier state has ever produced. ► Johnny Star At Pivot Spot Johnny, the yi!|^^er of the two, was an All-Ameiican for tlnec years at the Michigan University. Duiing his college playing days ^nd also while at Tech Hig)i'School of IndianaRolis, l?ig Johp was considered the best pivot man ,in the country, 'fhai J^as a fetv years back when there was no three second rule to keep the fellows out of the fqul circle and also when giant centers were almost a necessity to a winning ball club. Earl, the slender one, also plaj^ed high school ball at Indianapolis, but .spent his first three years of college at DePauw. During his senior year, however, Earl tran.sferrod to Michigan so he could play alongside his biother John, then a sophomore. In addition to refereeing, Johnny is playing pro ball with the Kantsky five of the National Professional League. ^ Benna's Idea To Promote Boxing Joe Benna—I mean “Punchy”—told us the other night that this year’s crop of boxers is the finest in history here at the Riveter institution. We aie mighty glad for Joe since this enthusiastic student-coach has willingly been giving his time to instruct these fellows in an effort to raise the status of boxing here. Ilis idea of having scheduled matches between halves of future basketball games seems like a great idea. This would give the students an oppoitunity to see a legulation boxing card m addition to outstanding cage contests. ^
Banna's ^px&s f nd Third Week ^Jntensive Drill Tor First Match . f I j V ?? i 'i ! ^ **My hbys arfe'Coming tight'along "and should develop into the finest bunch of boxers in the histoi'y of ^the institution,” were the .werds trf Student Coach Joe'Benna last'night as he sent his squad of some twenty-five ambitious fighter^ through their third complete wgek of
training’ in the Ficldhouse i^jngs. ^ ,
According to Benna, the fellows have been developing rapidly and .should be in fine shape for tVeir first engagement which is scheduled to jbe held on January 30 lit Michigan State. There has been a consideiable amount of spirit and enthusiasm throughout the team as shown by the fact that the majority .of the boxers, and in paj’ticulap the ne>v fellows have not missed a night of practice in the three week period to date.
Added Attraction For Cage Fans
If cveiything works out the way it is planned now, the boxers may get a chance to show their stuff in 'a series of matches between halves of futuie basketball games, ff these .. ' , , matches aic to take place, the stu '
dent body will be able to soe a \\ complete top flight boxing show in addition to seeing the finest haulwood teams in action, or in other words two shows fIn'khe, pripe of.
one.
Outstanding among the lekvunmg pugilists fiom last year’s squad is
Gus Bougham, scrappy little J.47 with the Lafayette Riding Club will pounder who won the Lafayette hold a free-for-all horse show today Golden Gloves title in his division, at 1 p.m. at the Purdue Stables. If Gus IS able to continue school. The contestants, (limited to memhe should prove mighty valuable bers only) will engage m many to Joe and the boys befoie the sea- games. Games such as the diapei
race, cigaiette race, pony expicss lacc and potato race will be played by the inembeis. There will be clas.ses for experienced and novice lideis. Ribbons will be awarded to win-
ners of each event.
Interest Riders
Accoi’ding to Tom Giaham, presi-
dent, the purpose of the show is to interest the lideis m the diveinext sions of riding as well as increase
then interest in the spoit.
Riding Club To Hold Horse Show Today
- u ~ i
For Members Only University Riding Club combined
the Big Ten race. Sailors Make Port The game is scheduled for Wednesday night, December 17, before classes let out for the holidays, and on the following Friday night the Boilermaker basketball fans are in for a treat when the celebrated Great Lakes Training squad and its galaxy of stars invade the Field-
house.
In their opening contest against ^the Wabash Cavemen the Riveters had things pretty much their own way, but the competition represented by these two outfits is a great deal keener and the Boilermaker speedsters are liable to find ithat they have their hands full in both engagements. Impressive Start 3?he records of these two teams are .generally known but will bear repeating. The Uelans from Los Angeles gave notice of their power early in the season when they emerged victorious ovei a strong Loyola (Los Angeles) quintet by ihe close margin of 39 to 3fi, a score
. i. ofiito^.ifebreife’sjKpiiajr Irffcer-
son IS ovei.
Andretlcli In Tights
Three heavyweights of considerable fighting ability who have been woiking out with the team are Andretich, Elfin and Paisons. Andretich, the erstwhile footballer, has cairied his powerful, haid driving tactics ovei to the boxing ring and may be a leal comei betoie the Golden Gloves tourney
spring.
that does not accurately indicate men on the Butler basketball squad the superiority of the Uclans. this season, and one of the best netThe Great Lakes crew, whose ters in the Mid-west. Jim has played lineup includes the names of many two seasons of basketball foy Biltplayers who have already distin- lei-, and this his senior year is exguished themselves as college stars, pected to be a continuation hjs will bring with them a record of excellent work on the hardwpod, four wins out of five starts so far Jim hails from Seymour, whege he this season, including victories over led his high school bdskefbairttahl the two other best teams m Indiana, for two seasons. Although Jiirf is a Notre Dame and Indiana. slight built lad, having 147 pouhds All-California Outfit spread over a five foot ten inch Getting back,to the UCLA com- expected to give ^e bination, they have spumed the re- Boileymakers plenty of opposrtidh
PHOME 3085
IS Superior Because %erican s Sauitone {)|eanifli| • It cleans the heart of the fiber • It TGinOves perspiration soil • It restores finishing oils • It lengthens garment life
and mmn .'V V w,* *3 S! S S
Hams and Stonevic, two new- The chairman of the show is Jack comei s who weigh in at 147 pounds Tirpak with Tom Graham and Wilapiecc, aie developing lapidly and lard Choate assisting on the commit-
will probably make the grade. The tee. antics of Chuck Best and Les Davies have been very pleasing to Benna m his effoit to laise the status of boxing heie at the Riveter institu-
tion.
Next Tuesday evening in the Fieldhouse the Boilermaker Boxing
Purdue Wins (Continued from page 1)
However, generally speaking, the officials did a commendable job and
Assocmtion wilfhold a meetmg’for notable decis-
ion, that being when the ball was awarded to De Paul aftei a Blue Demon had obviously been last to touch it before it went out of bounds.
cent practice of California basketball teams that have imported outstanding talent from the hotbed of playeis that reside in the Middle West, and will produce an All-CaJ-ifoinia squad when they make their appearance in the Fieldhouse next
week.
The Californians have an expeiienced and capable group of players, and the first string lineup lists thiee seniors, one junior and one spphomoi’e star. Co-captains Bobei t Alshuler, guard, and Ernest Handelman, forwaid, along with Larry Gittlei, another guard, make up the
when the Boilermakers and Bulldogs from Butler clash at the Butler Fieldhouse on December 27;
IM Schedules SQUASH ' Today 1:15 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Al^ha Sigma Phi. 2:00 Phi Sigma Kappa vi. PM Kappa.
2:45 Theta Xi vs. Sigma Chi.
senioi trio. John Fryer, lanky cen- 3:30 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Taur
all of those inteiested in boxing. This confab is not lestiicted to boxei s only, but also to anyone who is interested in advancing the spoit
here, j.s d.
GILLBSPirS Dishes Silvetwar^et Gi.sssware Cooking Ut’ensils Dining Room Furniture 221 Columbia St. Phone 6405
JVs-Vi' -vj
SANTA’S ALL SET
To Deliver these prettily wrapped gifts from Decker’s. ^ >* GET YOUR GIFT WRAPPINGS FROM DECKER’S CHRISTMAS CARDS Cards for Mother, for Grandmother, for Aunt, Sister, Father and Brother. Send them with gifts Get them from - - DECKER’S 518-20 Main Street Phone 50,36
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS ' ' 400-404 Schultz Bldg.' 4th and Mam St. Lafayette
With the score 30-24 and thiee minutes to go the Boilermakers still kept theii flooi game on the move and did not stall until there was one minute to go and Lind racked up a goal from the field to make the eventual seoie, 30-26. The box score is as follows: PURDUE FG FT PF Sprowl, f 10 2 Ticincy, f 2 10 Hodman, f 10 0 l..a\vfaon, 1 0 0 0 Mcnkc, c ^ 4 1 Hlanlcen, e-pr 12 3 Rilty ix 1,01 Conrad, e 0 0 0 Caress, f 2 12
ter, and Spiro Panovich, whose deadly shooting ability and smooth floor work has ranked him as a sensational find, aie the junior and sophomore members respectively.
Huskj Speedsters
The squad «is rated as possessing speed that is usually not in accoid with men of thgii weight, for Alshulei tips the scales at an even 200 pounds, Fiyei at 198, and Gittler at 195, a fact that makes them doubly dangerous on the court, especially in the fracas that occurs
under the basket.
Epsilon Phi.
4-15 Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. . ,
that this game will probably mark the only appearance on the same floor of the Menke brothers. Bid and Al. A1 is one of Piggy Lambert’s most promising sophomore players this season and is a constant threat to starting center position. Since Bill was playing his last
year of collegiate competition at the The prowess “of the Great Lakes squad is readily undeistandable to
Dr. A. M. Irion —- DENTIST — 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
DF PAUL Commsky f ICcdley, t Collins, 1 Wiscons, c Find, u Wckslei, r: Wo/my, PT Webi), pr istiirzyJc, jr
FG FT PF
those followers of Hoosier basketball, for fivp of the eleven members of the team have played at one time or another on the Boilermakei home court duiing their collegiate careers — Bill' Menke ' and Ernie Andres, of Indiana; Jim Currie and Dick Klein, of Northwestern, and Bob Caliban,’ of Detroit. Brothers Mciet
and ineligible for varsity competition, the two have never met on the court before and it will be very interesting should they play against each other in the forthcoming tilt.
More Hoosiers
Hoosier fans will be interested to leain that both Forrest Anderson, of Stanford, and John Lqbsiger, of Missouri, are products, of Gary high schools, and have made
J.Iall time seme Purdue 16, DePaul 16 Oirieials Rofeiee, Fail Townsend (Mich ), tJnipiio, John Townsend (Mich )
, A touch of added interest is given gieat showings in their positions the contest if one considers the fact as basketball playing aaSlors.
A|R R||P! Grab your New ’42 Debris and head for the . , 1 1. flrbri- ,t , si’' nearest bomb shelter. b •• r.. Think of all Ihe fond memories of school ,i I '1' * b and classmates that the pictures in your Debris will recall. * f Belter get yours NOW-while the price is still $4.50. ''' DEADLINE IS WEDNESDAY! AFTER WED. - $5.00 S if 5' ‘ FOR YOU FOR ’42 - BUY NOW DEBRIS-III!
ye will liy Neeley Kiwanis Club Adopts
Memorial Cornerstone
hiiu I r j I* At Regular Meeting
W Wesley Foundation
Sunday at 2 30, Di
Lafayette Kiu anis Club held then last legulai meeting of the yeai at
Otto Scott Lodge Thuisday noon Rec-
^ , , , , ^ ogmzing the emeigency facing the Steele, duectoi of the Wesley Foun nation, a special lesolution was datwp, iVill lay the coineislofie of adopted The piesident, M H Si the Neeley Memoiial Wesley Foun- mon, oideied this lesolution be sent dation Building, which is being to the piesident of Kiwaiiis Intel greeted at the coinei of State and national Chailes S Donley, in
Sheetz sti'eets in West Lafayette Pittsbuigh Pa
The piograni will include an in- The piesident elect, Simon Keen vocation and sciiptuie sentences by stia, lead the lesolution “The KiRev E R Balsley, a responsive warns Club of Lafayette, Indiana, prayer of consecration by Di B D in legulai meeting unanimously eii Beck, Lafayette distiict supeiiiiten doises the pledge of loyal suppoit dent and president of the boaid of which 'sou have made on behalf of diiectois. The doxology and bene Kiwanis International to oui nadiction will follow the placing of the tional government in this gieat stone by Di Beck emeigency We pledge ouiselves to A tea will be held at the Founda follow -voui capable leadeiship”
Army Appoints Hurd, '39, To Hew Air Corps Sdiooi Donaldson B Huid, who leceiVed his BS degiee from the Umveisitv in ’39, has been made a mem-^ bei of the fiist class of cadets in the new An Coips Replacement Centei (Aiiciew) at Kelly Field,
Texas
Along with 1972 other cadets, Huid will go thiough fiye weeks of preliminary tiainmg before being sent to a primary flying school wheie he will leceive training for becoming an officei m the United
States Army
tion House, 116 Sheetz Stieet, fol lowing the ceiemon\ All those who attend the ceremony aie invited to
the tea j s
W6AA Will Broadcast Fantasy Play Today “The Heait Speaks Out,” an e perimental fantasy play by Baibaia Welts of Stephens College, will be presented on this week’s Radio Stage, ovei WBAA at 1 p m this
gftei noon
Bill Stewait, member of the WBAA student staff, and director
Girls Are Guests Guests of the club Thuisday weie the telephone gills, and they each leccived a piesent to show appieciation of their services in the past yeai Monday night, a banquet, and piogiam weie held in celebiation of the 25th annivei'Saiy of the founding of the Kiwanis Club in Lafayette At the meeting on Thursday, Geoige Bush sang two solos, accom panied by Carl Blown at the piano This was the last regular meeting
of the year
Principal speaker was Prof Rob ert Phillips ot the history depart ment and in his speech he commended the government for its ex cellent preparation during the last
. _ few years He also gave his views Radio Stage, which is now going Eastein situation cew
into its sixth year of production over (he ladio station, announced yesterday that the play was a wide de |rarture from the usual Radio Stage pioduction Said Stewait, “It’s a Etoiy of you and me, our hopes, breams, and our eternal struggle to find a satisfactory adjustment be (ween the reality of daily living and the buried aspirations in our
hearts ”
'In this weeks Radio Stage production,’ continued director Stew(iit, “our hopes dreams plans, and inenioiies come to life in the foim of characters ” d b
Newman Club Catholic student organization, ^vill sponsor a radio dance this eve mug from 9 30 p m until 11 30 p in 131 St Mary’s Auditor lum Lafavette for the benefit of under pi ivileced children ”” ' Aidmissron to the dance \v ill be granted to anyone upon receipt of one toy per person, costing not moi e than twenty five cents Lon mem bf 1 s will pay an addition il ten cents to cover the cost of lefieshmcnts 'Ihc tojs will be distributed at an officers’ dinner tomoiiow in '■he old Chestnut room ol tie Un on
Blctxnient l^rMhMen' Work aBsidnmelits as follows will take effect on Monday, Dec
8
Monday Freemanj Vermilion Dvorak Marlin, Waring Jackson Trohman Acker-
man
Tuesday GloVer Marion Senour Blackburn Christman Buchohl^ Miller Tueiday Scalco Guernsey (jraig, MacWhiiter Layton IlolfaiJi Thursday riciney Eichatdson HUrlmgton Skillman Friday SoloWay Shapiro Tyson Ben zenhower Martindcll lurwick Huber, Pita Saturday Ziff Venn Fortiei Quetsch Rassman DutpterbeiK Mitchell Fox Sports staff freshmen will rcfioit to the PieldhoUse office iditorial wnteis will report to Union office coeds see this col umn for further Work information , RUFFNER Purdue Gymnastic Club Members aie naked to pay their dues for Nov and Dec at the office of Dr Eastwood Room 110 at the FieldhoUse —POZER Rcsistration Workers &tpclents who wish to work for the ReKislrar during the second semester registration January 27 and 28 1042 are requested to make application be feroe Chiistmis on blanks to be obtained at the Reglstrai s office Those with pre vious expel unco at legistiation or m other cleiical jobs are giVen pieferencc —R B STONE Pi Tau Sigma New initiates may obtain ceitiflcites at ME office on second flooi
—SHANE
Undergraduate Dames Club Will hold a
Graduating in January dinner dance at the W I afayetto Country
Club Tuesday Dec 16 at 7 40 Call Mis Jack Burke before Sunday foi reseivations
-VOr LMEU
Exponent F^^^Tinian Coeds i Work schedules as follows—Monday Biggs, Davis Wilbur Tuesday Kugel Pai^ons, Wednesday Short Blemker Thursday Nicholson Foimtaine Friday McCulloch, Ford Sat urday Huber Holland —ROSE
FOMMi Time, for DeWis pictures has been changed Watch this column for new time V —BUSHNBLL
I
Varsity Pistol Team Import^t meeting londay Dec 15 at 4 p m Oil pistol range
'' ”1
Notices
Monday uec 16 at 4 p m Oii pistol range Armory Selection of keys will be made
-GRAEBNER-'
POMM Meet Monday, Dec 15, at 4 p m in room 105 ot Armory Prof Poorman will speak on big guns All members be there —BUSHNELL Mode! Airplane Builders Students Own ing model aiiplanes (scale of flying mod els) ale invited to exhibit them at the Conference in Model Airplane Building held in the Faculty Lounge Memorial Union Building on Saturday Dec 18 at 9 a m to 4 p m —KNAPP Rogers Williams Club Christmas paity for underpiivileged childien Tuesday Dec 16 at 6 40 p m at West Lafayette Baptist
Church Admission lOo ,
V —ARTMAN
Virginia C Meredith Club Members Meeting in auditoiium of HE Building on Monday evening Dec 16 at 7 45 p m Speakei program and refreshments Bring contributions of canned food clothing or
toys foi needy families
—BLANK
Blectrical Engineering Seniors Important you confei with me before holidays regarding second semester electives and le-
qUiroments for graduation
D D EWING j
Freshman Engineers Meet for Engmeciing Lectures Satplrdny, Dec IS at 8 00 a m in Ehza PowlOr Hall Seating assignments are posted near the main' entrance
of Michael Golden Shops
—KNAPP
Purdue Christian Foundation Welcomes eVeiyone to the Chiistmds party held Sunday evening at the church Those attending will form at 181 South Grant before 6 15 when all will leave for the church The evening will include the 10c supper sing ing games caroling and refreshments after caroling —WAMPLER Reamer Club Regular meeting Monday Dee 16 in room 804 of the Union at 7 40 Plaques will be distributed —RUFFNER Freshmen Campers Anyone who has not made his reservation for Sunday s get to gether by returning the postal card may do so bv calling Prof G H Graves 31642 Willis Sehalliol 66062 oi George Singer 8421 —SINGER
All Advance Catirae ROTC Studeflt8> Report to main office, Purdue Armory, Monday Tuesday or Wednesday to sign payroll ahd other required pahers i —GRAliAM ' Scriveners Meeting Sunday night Dec, 14 in loom 263 of the Union
—BIEGLE
Military Juniors* Juniors who recently enrolled in military tfalping will report to the Supply Robm Monday, Dec 16 and get their unifoims Associated Military Stores representative will be heie on that day only —LT BROWN Scriveners Will the following please meet in Room 68 of the Union at 1 80 p m Satuiday Dec 18 Graves Rlegle, AIlwardt Howard Seaiight and GallatiU Important —JUSTIN Mathematics 105 Quiz on Wednesday, Dec 17 will be held in Room 313 of the Recitation building ^ —AYRES Christian Science Organization ReguldF meeting 7 30 p m Tuesday Dec 16 in Room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD Inter Foundational Athletic League, Basketball games Saturday at 1 30 p m in Pieldhouse gym Baptists vs Christians Piesbyterians vs Methodists Be there OH time —BLACK
Science Seniors
arc asked to call at Dean Enders office Coulter Hall at their eailiest convenience
—ENDFRS
Classified
Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes bOld rente I repaired and iiurchased Mime (graph woikd no C J iLber&holl 60u M un
Lafayette Phone 27”0
Any person havint. 1 new ledge (f tht. whcual iits ot a / i a o rifle c ntact Den
PI th Ac c i Bi itcinit>
Everything for o College Education DEAC’S
DANCE RECITAL MON , DEC. 15, 8:00 P. M. PUBLIC INVITED—ADM FREE CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN, SAT , JAN 3RD Private Lessons by Appointment During Holidays Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th
&j Ferry
qjicio^
A Victorian idea is victorious in modern fashion... soutache braid ...trim and smarter than ever...this time on a delightful gabardine pump with fascinating bow. BLACK OR BROWN
2F
GIVE PURDUE
GIFTS
JEWELRY BOOK-ENDS
PENNANTS COMPACTS
< IIRISTMAS CARDS FOR EVERYONE See Our Selection JSoiv on Di-iplay
THIS CHRISTMAS GIVE BOOKS
BOOK STOOE
Act OSS fiom the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 K. W. “Doc” Epplc, ’40
How Long Will Your Suit Have to Last? If clothes get scarce as many everyday necessities are, you may have to make your clothes do a little longer. Yon can add life to your clothes by having them Crown Cleaned r<‘giilarly. Crown Laundry
THERE'S ONE WAY TO BE SURE . . . That you won't be disappointed at C^nstmas time. RESERVE YOUR CRESTED GIFTS NOW . . . While our stocks are complete and “priorities" won't interfere with your selection. THE BUR-PAT STORE 113 Northwestern Ave. COME IN AND SELECT YOUR CRESTED GIFTS THIS WEEK
SANTA WAS A QUANDRYBlitzen, his favorite reindeer, was A-W-O-L, with only two weeks left untill Christmas.
Things are running smoothly now, although Blitzen was found through an — Exponent Classified Ad
\>(i
^r .4^
,4) „