f
,'A''’’.’
Z~t9S
urduy e^t^ntf^tf f*t JBS^
' ;.f /-*!?. ,jst'#^| ' ’A'" '^^fi^jf''’'’] - r ’■ ^ -.;, -)M
£)«//f Stncm /90^
Volume 52, No. 92
West Lafayette, ladiona
Saturday, feoiuary 11, 1941
Nazi Strategy Depends Riveters Battle Wolverines Tonight
Upon Shock And Terror Pur^uQ's Honor System
Psychology Utilized To Promote International Nervous Breakdown (Editor’s Note: This is the second in a series of 12 articles on the subject “Where Hitler Stands Now,” by Wallace R. Deuel, Chicago Daily News Berlin correspondent. The series will continue successively in future
issues.)
By WaUace R. Deuel
The strategy of terror used by Hitler in the war is as incredible and unreal as a nightmare. Almost nothing, it would seem, is too fantastic or too bizarre to happen. And possibly the most shocking and stupefying of all the things that are happening is this—that filthy pictures have been used as weapons for the conduct of hostilities. It is the Germans who used them. They used them as part of the most gigantic, the most systematic and the most skillful attempt the world has ever seen to shatter the nervous systems a,nd the wills to resist of whole armies and whole peoples. Much of Europe was tired and confused and despairing even before the war began, and any major war would have shattered the people’s nerves even more. But the nightmare condition in which the continent finds itself today is due above all to Hitler’s deliberate tactics in which the filthy pictures played a by no
means insignificant part.
Postcard size, the pictures were beautifully drawn and printed in four colors. At first sight, they looked innocent enough. All they seemed to show was a picture of a wounded Poilu lying amid the ruins of a town, ^ sketched in the lower left-hand corner. The rest of
the picture was blank, except that across the top there was printed the question, “Where
are the Tommies ?”
Horrible Scene Revealed But when you held the picture up so that light came through from the back, a scene appeared in the blank space, the picture of a triumphant, well-fed Tommy courting a French woman—^with a photograph of the Poilu hanging on the wall behind the
couple.
The whole conception of the card was diabolically clever. It was intended to make the French troops suspect, first, that the ’Tommies shirked their share of the war, and, second, that French women, were being seduced by the Tommies at home while the Poilus manned the front. T'^ Nazi printed hundreds of thousands of these cards, they produced a special type of trench mortar, and they shot the cards over the French lines for the Poilus to
find.
The French authorities made it a court-martial offense for the Poilus to keep the cards. All of them were supposed to be turned in. But the Nazis found cards, nevertheless, on tens of thousands of the prisoners they took in May and June. The trick, in other words, worked at least to some extent. Enemies Are Demoralized The use of filthy pictures as implements of war is typical of the tactics the Nazis are using to demoralize their enemies by psychological means, tactics which extend to almost every field of human life and thought and emotipn, all thought out years in advance, all based on a diabolic knowledge of the weaknesses of human perves and human character, all employed for the purpose of destroying the enemy’s will to fight before the first shot is ever fired. The purpose of all war is to force the enemy to capitulate by breaking his will to resist. In the past wars have been fought on the theory that you have to destroy the enemy’s ships and guns and cities and manpower—or deprive him of them—^by military meana, and that then, when the enemy simply no longer has the implements and the means to go on fighting, he surrenders. The Nazis have adopted a diflferent theory, They are fighting this war by trying by honmilitary means (Continued on page 4)
(An Editorial) Every year about this time we begin to he^r the faint rumble of resentment about the methods of conducting final exams. There’s usually a group that wants to abolish theni altogether but there’s always a group that favors the honor system over the proctoring system. Before these arguments start it might be well to point out just what sort of a system Purdue has so that any discussion will at least be based on fact. According to the University code, Purdue subscribes to the proctoring system as apposed to the honor system. It must be understood, however, that in spite of the misleading titles one system is not necessarily more honorable that the other. There are abuses of both methods on the part of the student and the instructor as well. We’ll admit that the first time that a freshman walks into a test here at the University and the instructor bluntly says “Every other seat in every other row,” the student automatically rebels if he is accustomed to having his honesty unquestioned. But on the other hand after the first resentment dies and the student realizes that the system is as much for his own protection as anything else he accepts the method. It has (Continued on page 2)
Championship Hopes Of Both Universities Depend On Victory In Early-Season Game
Giese Writes Article For lAVE Periodical Willis E. Giese, University faculty member, in the lead article of the January issue of Industrial Arts and Vocational Education, declared that the continued existence of democracy in the United States is threatened I by indifference on the
part of workers.
Giese collaborated with Boyd C. Shafer, of the Stout Institute of Menomie, Wise., on the article, in
which he states;
“If political democracy disappears it will be because the workers could not cope with the complexities of government and modern economic developments. As yet the problems of 'training workers, not only for a vocation but also for citizenship in our industrial world, has not
been fully faced.”
Concluding the article, the author stresses the fact that the workers must possess sufficient knowledge of the economic system to become an intelligent consumer of in-
dustrial goods.
Two Students Win Plates In Cattle Judging Contest Robert Waugh and Robert Blosser won eighth and tenth places in the intercollegiate division of the 1940 national students All-Ameri-can Holstein-Preisian^^judging contest that w^s sponsored by the extension service of the Holstein Freisian Association of America, according to a recent announcement. Waugh and Blosser used pictures of leading show ring winners of 1940 as basis in selecting All-Amer-ican, reserve All-American, and honorable mention Holsteins. They have been awarded the All-Ameri-can calendar by the Holstein-Frei-
sian World, a.c.
Official Census Figures Show Lafayette Increase Lafayette and West Lafayette showed a total gain of 5,643 persons in the last 10 years, according to official census figures just released. The West Side acquired 1,186 persons for a 1940 total of 6,270. The city proper had a final count of 28,798, a gain of 2,658. This was 208 less than the preliininary figures, the loss being due to the fact that visitors were counted originally.
Eds, Co-eds Forget Cares At Pre-Exam Union Mixer Tonight Going Going! and almost gone is this semester, and the Jast and only mixer of the month will be held tonight in the south ballroom of the Union. All you weary, worry worn, and about to be examined eds and co-eds have this chance to relax and swing out to the music of Paul Reedy and his Campus Commanders. So stop wondering why you didn’t start studying until the last minute; fold your books; and cram for a lot of fun in “ye old ballroom study hall.” Put your brains to bed early (they need some sleep anyway). Check all fears and forebodings with your hat and coat and have a wonderful rhythmic evening. One small dollar is the price and 9 o’clock is the time so—students, aspiring students, and the rest of the University enrollment give heed to an old college proverb; Dancing feet make for clear heads and clear heads pass exams—that is unless they happen to be empty which couldn’t happen here, we hope, m.1.1. Officers Will Study Traffic Enforcement Continuing January 20 through March 24, a series of five regional training courses in “Traffic Enforcement and Public Safety” for law enforcement officers will be conducted in West Lafayette, Logansport. Fort Wayne, Goshen and Valparaiso, J. L. Lingo, director of Public Safety Institute of the University announced. Lingo and Sgt. P. T. Bevington of the Indiana state police are in charge of instructional work and will administer to the needs of the officers in attendance. Emphasis will be placed on modern traffic enforcement methods and means of obtaining public support for local and national enforcement activities.
Speech Clinic DIredor Leads National Committee Professor M. D. Steer, director of the University speech clinic, visited Washington, D. C., during the last week of December, to conduct official activities as chairman of the special military preparedness committee of the American Speech Correction Association. Arrangements for using speech pathologists in the current national defense program are now being prepared by Doctor Steer. His proposals are to be submitted to the surgeon general’s office and other divisions of the war department, a.l.w. ■, \
Captain Herb
8
Pest Exterminators Conclude Seven Day Campus Conference Pest control operators concluded their sessions for learning the newest methods for eradicating industrial and household insects and pests yesterday afternoon with lectures and demonstrations on the controling of mice and rats, two of the most common eneihies of the household. Local US Men Speak Two members of the federal governments’ Wild Life Service who are stationed at the University, G. C. Oderkirk and B. F. Kolkana, explained the use of the latest methods recommended by the government for the control of these two pests. J. H. Sturgeon and S. C. Militzer of Louisville, Ky„ demonstrated what, an up-to-date exterminator has to have in his kit if he is to be properly prepared for the job. Max Rukin, Chicago, demonstrated the use of gas masks and respirators. 93 Attend Sessions Prof. J. J. Davis, University chief of entomology, in charge of the conference said that 93 men representing the middle west were here for the week-long conference. Prof, Davis leaves today for Massachusetts State College, Amherst, Mass., to conduct a similar course for New England pest control operators. He has conducted courses at Louisiana State university and at the University of California for southern and western pest control operators. Both courses were patterned after the courses which have been held at the University for several years, e.g.k. Ag Education Society Eiects New Officers At its annual election of officers Monday night, the Ag Education Society selected the following men: J. T. Conrad, president; F. W. Hays, vice president; H. T. Armstrong, secretary; and F. A. Fiscus, treasurer. A motion was carried providing for the separation of the posts of secretary and treasurer. The newly-elected members of the executive board are: A. D. Luers, P. Z. Lieurance, and P. K. Lash, seniors; H. M. Logan, W. H. Reibold, and A. E. Russell, juniors; M. D. Johnson and N. Hatfield, sophomores. Principal speakers Glenn Sample of the University publicity office and Charlie Gresham of radio station WLW’s agricultural board stressed methods of obtaining publicity for vocational agricultural depart^ ments. w.eii.
t' \ I
. . . Brogan, senior guard from Lansing, who leads the Michigan invasion tonight. Herb is one of the most capable shots on the Wolverine squad, being able to drop them in from any angle. He was an AllState guard in high school, and registered 104 points last season to rank fourth among the Wolverine's.
ACS To Discuss Industrial Chemistry In Indianapolis Students and faculty members from Indiana colleges and universities will hold a two-day meeting to acquaint themselves with industrial applications of theoretical chemistry and chemical engineering in the Severin Hotel, April 26 and 26. This session is under the auspices of the Indiana section of the American Chemical Society. Faculty members will attend a symposium on “Laboratory Gadgets” in charge of Edward F. Degering of the University. The delegates will also make a tour of the various Indianapolis industrial organizations. d.w.o. Luma House . . . student co-operative house, announces the pledging of David Burns, Frankfort; Ronald Evans, Waveland; .Russell Grimes, Greencastle; Joseph Hannon, Kouts; B. H. Hobson, Jr., Monrovia; John Isaacs, Waveland; Irving Kerr, Oakland City; Glen Nelson, Argos; William Rice, Grandview; and John Wells, Indianapolis. The following officers, were elected for the coming semester: Robert Ely, president; Robert Blosser, vice president; Raymond Hin^, house manager; Arnold Luers, treasurer; John Wells, purchasing agent; Joseph Hannon, secretary; Richard Bibbins, social chairman; Paul Carrington, athletic manager; William Lewright, pledge captain; Hobart Blosser and George Reeder, judicial board; and John Woliung, “reporter. PIA Tea Dance Today This afternoon from 3 until 6:30 o’clock, the sixth of 14 PIA tea dances will be held in the south ballroom of the Union. Music will consist of recordings of hit tunes of the past season. All co-eds will be admitted free, together with PIA members and their dates. Admission to others will be 10 cents, b.g.8.
PROBABLE LINEUPS Purdue Pos. Bfiehigan Sprowl F Sofiak Blanken F Hermsorn Weber C ....Handler Igney (C) .... G .. Brogan (C) Blemker G Ruehle Michigan and Purdue meet tonight on the hardwood of the Purdue Fieldhouse, and the game, although an . early season match, has all the earmarks of a key championship article, because the loser of tonight’s battle between Boilermaker and Wolverine will have **two strikes** on them, as eadi participant has lost one ball game, and two losses in the Big Ten isn’t the exact harbinger of coming champions. Varsity Band Will Play Tonight Another addition to the ball game with plenty of color and all the ingredients for a pleasant evening will be the appearance of Purdue’s scintillating varsity band under the direction of Captain Hal Todd. According to Coach Oosterbaan, prominent Michigan boss, Uie Wolverines lost a battle to Ohio State last Monday night that nobody but the Buckeyes coiffd have won. “Captain Herb Brogan played the best game of his career down at Columbus,” said Oosterbaan* Purdue Lineup Uncertain For Purdue, the lineup is' as / changeable as Hoosier weather, any starting lineup, no matter where it is obtained, is anything but reliable. About the only sure cogs in the Boilermaker machine are Blanken and Sprowl. Sprowl was the principal feature of' Purdue’s attack at Illinois last Monday which bogged to extremely diatateful . heights while Mr. Sprowl was on the bench due to dangerous play which the officials thought extremely naughty, calling three personals on Frosty. Weber A “Big” Help The beginning lineup has Weber at center, a big kid whose height is so longed for by Lambert coached clubs. His play during the practice sessions of this past week has improved even over his Illini performance, and maybe Coach Figgy. of the Lambert Piggies, will give the big fellow a chance to continue his performance of the week from a running start. It was^Weber who figured greatly in the last Purdue basketball victory over L U. back in ’39—^way-way-back. Captain Igney, at guard, wsd Don Blanken, surprising junior guard, will hear the opening whistle (maybe). Igney is a distinctly' steady floor worker, and Blemker, an uncanny, unorthodox left hand shot whose defense showing has been extremely fine due to his guarding of the Illini captain and holding him to two baskets. Prof. R. G. Gr^nly ... of the division of education and applied psychology, has been named as a member of the state panel on “Training Within Industry,” part of the advisory commission to the national defense council. The selection comes as recognition of Professor Greenly’s past experience in industrial training.
ENGINEERS’ YELL E to tiio X, dy, dx £ to the X, dx Cosine, secant, tangent, sine. Three point one four one nine. Square root, cube root, BTU, Slipstick, slidt rule, YKA, PUK©UEI■ i'
pa^ 2 • £/^UbrdatA,
Saturday# Jcmuary ll. 1941
fijuhdwL SxfUHUU^
The ^ih ColuUUl
Final statistics on the German jump into Holland show total damage to the amount of $500,000,000. Including everything down to hobnail scratches on hardwood floors. That is just one measly half a billion bucks. The Dutch are lucky they’ve got Hitler. Not Roosevelt. * * * Adolf is a piker. He plays for pennies. * * • Back home in our yard, Knudsen has put in his bid for $200,000,000 to keep ,the wheels of defense turning. Just like a bum asking J^or a nickel for a cup of coffee. What’s a mere $200,000,000. The way those boys are bandying the dollar signs around, it’s getting so we can suck in our breath and say a billion. Almost as if we knew what it meant. * * * But if Knudsen keeps up with his present activity he’s going to ruin the whole economic setup of this country. Why, if he keeps up his present rate it won’t be long before the good old slogan of two cars in every garage. Will be changed to tanks. * * !ft And he’s jnst the man who can do it, too. * * * Congress has started to work with a will now. The will puts the United States in trust for Great Britain. And names FDR administrator. According to Mr. Roosevelt he doesn’t want the priviledge of giving -the shirts off our back to the British. But somebody’s got to have it. We nominate ourselves. We can’t balance our budget either.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Iafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-in-Chief. R. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. J. H. McKee Managing Editors D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L, W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Tiaugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor - — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor P. Dolan Associate ^itors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson', R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff j^or'This Issue Night Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Rose Ass’t Night Editor; Jones Sports Editor: Johnson Reporters: D. T. Brophy, O. L. Allanson, J. H. Armstrong, E. G. Kieper, M. L. Ijosey, A. Chatfield, A. Worsley, C. V. Thomas, B. C. Smith, E. W. McCullough.
But bet we’d be good at earmarking money.—dkh
Purdue's Honor System
(Continued from page 1) been our observation that juniors and seniors automatically take up seats according to custom. Just what constitutes proctoring proper is difficult to define in a hard and fast definition. The code again states that proctoring should be done “sympathetically and capably" by the instructors. This has been largely a matter of private interpretation on the part of the instructor in charge of the examination. At a recent meeting of the Honesty Committee, considerable time was spent in discussing just what was meant ^ by “sympathetically and capably.” Consensus of opinion was that if the instructor gave as much of his attention to the group taking the examination as he expects of them in the ordinary classroom the examination would be sufficiently proctored. Leaving the room-or reading the newspaper was not considered sympathetic proctoring. Many \ will argue that such a system is not honorable since it does not give the student the freedom to choose between right and wrong. That always reminds us of the Irishman who had difficulty in staying out of his local pub on the way home from church on Sunday morning. On one particular morning after swearing off “the darned stuff,” he bagin his walk home and deliberately chose his course past the tavern. As he approached the building he steeled himself and walked boldly directly past the entrance. After he had passed on a few hundred feet he stopped and said to himself, “Pat, you’ve done a fine job. Now come back and I’ll buy you a drink.” The story may or may not have a point, but it remains that if the tavern had been closed he wouldn’t have been tempted each Sunday morning and everybody would have been happy, including Pat himself in spite of his thirst. We’re not stumping for the WCTU, but we do think that the story parallels scholastic honesty. In a moral sense, the proctoring system eliminates the possibility of doing wrong, if conducted properly. But whether or not it eliminates the human element, the free will, it still accomplishes its purpose—the conduction of a fair examination. By such a system the University has afforded all students equal protection. And to see that each student gets this protection, definite penalties have been established for those who elect to be dishonorable in spite of these precautions. The penalties run from a minimum of a grade of D in the course to suspension from the University for one semester. To those who still insist that the proctoring system is not honorable we say that any system that promotes the habit of honesty is honorable and certainly the proctoring system does this.
In The Churches
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m. Joint breakfast of the Foundation council and the freshman commission. 9:30 a. m. Co-ed Class—Open forum led by Mrs. McFadden. Men’s student class—^“This War, and Then What?” Dr. T. K. Noss. 10:40 a. m. Dr. O. S. Steele will preach on “Hindrances to Prayer.” 6:16 p. m. Student supper at the Foundation, 16 cents. 6:00 p. m. Fellowship hour at the church. 6:30 p. m. Address by Prof. Howland on “Engineering vs. Commercialism.” 7:16 p. m. Worship service led by students.
class. 10:35 a. m. Church worship. Sermon, “Who Is This Man; Jesus of Nazareth?” Solo by Ivah Gruver Price. Junior choir, “We Come to Sing Praises.” 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams club fellowship hour and 10 cent lunch. 6:30 p. m. Discussion group, panel discussion, “Shall We Feed the Democracies?”
West Lafayette Baptist Church Colombia and Chauncey Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams club
Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North Streets 9:30 a. m. Student Class. Professor Martin, head of poultry department, will teach. All welcome. 10:40 a. m. Church worship service. Doyle Mullen will preSiCh on the subject, “How Shall We Worship?” 5:16 p. m. Ten cent supper at 126 S. Chauncey St. 6:00 p. m. Forum program of recreation, singing, discussion and worship at the church. Prof. Wayne McGaughey will lead discussion on “How to Prepare for Exams.”
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent: Comfortable roomj furnished for two students. New twin beds. Continuous hot water. Available January 25. 314 Sylvia Street. Phone 51432.
Half-room for rent. Board if desired. 227 Wood St. Phone 61204.
Double Room Wants Occupants: Well lighted. Near campus, and bus line. Stoker heat. Reasonable. 116 S. Grant. Phone 2769.
LOST Lost: Small bag containing,ladies’ shoes and rubbers. Finder please call 3071.
Lost: Tortoise shell glasses in red case. Reward. Call Gindy Hague, 8413.
Starts TOMORROW RADIO’S TWO TOP COMICS in the laugh hattle of the century!
4 Piiamount PIcUri with
fUm MARTIN VERREE TEASDALE THE MERRY MACS VIRGINIA DALE and ROCHESTER LAST DAY
AOcImnM* Ftctsra
with : ;PAT(yBRIE}| . Constance BENNETT
For Sale: New pair soft toe, chromium plated, size 8, hockey shoes, $3. Phone 71144. FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
Sophomore leaving school end of semester causes double room vacancy. Twin beds, innerspring mattresses, continuous hot water, insulated new house. Two block. Union and village. 806 South Grant.
•The Rath 3.93 I • • to 1
Believe it or not, we still have a few more pins unannounced and, naturally, the participants felt kinda bad about not being mentioned, so we will take care of that, first thing. Tex Kramer, that beautiful girl from Texas, as her name implies, has a pin, but'we’d rather not say whose it is at this time. For further details, see Tex, or me, or anybody that knows. Tracy Patrick, the Kappa Sig from Dennison, and who has ‘ now taken up residence with us as a chemistry instructor, popped the question to Joyce Fielden the other day, and on receiving the right answer, deftly planted his pin. Nice going, buddy, may you have a plentiful harvest. Van Gorkom—Jane is her first name—of the Kappa house has been fooling quite a few people these days with the diamond that she is sporting on the third finger of her left hand. Don’t let her fool you, fellows, it’s her mother’s. You know, something that has always been an obsession with me happened to a traveling salesman the other day. On returning from a two week long trip, he turned in on his street and was amazed at not being able to find his house. After driving around the neighborhood for about an hour, he finally gave up and had to be led home, and if you think his wife didn’t catch holy H for painting the house while he was gone, you’re crazy. Let that be a lesson to you, never trust a woman further than you can throw her. Dr. J. R. Leevy ... of the department of education and applied psychology, has been promoted from acting secretary to a regular position on the control board of the Indiana Council on Crime and Delinquency. He is to serve for two years. Determiningpolicies for the council is I the main function of the board.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehfy
SERVICES Typing—Any kind. Reasonable rates— prompt service. 242 Littleton St. Phone 3442.
NiW
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
Vm'sdWYCANOVA, th0fmy$ee<lglmotgirt »* ^ the mountain sugar who raises cairn
^MDY CANOVA 'Hit: JINNY lIND 01 IHI OZAtKS") IB Mowbray-joseph cawthorn E9(NEF0Y,JR.-UJISAIBERM :l| RUTH DONNEllY FORD • ISABEl JFWEU • lltir milElty.iHEMMETT lYNN • JIMMY STARR ' tAt SHRUM’S GANG |.i^^:iiiiiAlNECK AND HIS ORCHESTRA,
tnooERiTTgiswAyWHAY HAYITSOil STAMOOT YHATIAIN'rOOT?
-todaytwo FIRST RUN HITS LEE TRACY IN Millionaires In Prison —; PLUS —= TWO THOROUGHBREDS
“More guests keep calling me up to their rooms to make lists of their New Year resolutions! . . .But they’ll feel better in a day or two I” Personnel Notes C £. Scoft
(Editor’s Note: Personnel notices will appear in brief in this column. For complete details see the bulletin board of your school.) Company: Western Electric Company, Kearney, New Jersey. Will Interview: Mechanical engineering students.
... assistant instructor in the department of education and applied psychology, was called Friday to his home in Cambridge, 0., by the death of his father, Harold E. Scott.
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY
p«sMES9aifffilS V&^UVIM6ST0H uraoniuin»DiMCMnuuo ■AND —
ALSO-
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
-SUNDAY-MONDAY-MAN WITH NINE LIVES GHOST BREAKERS WALT DISNEY CARTOON
LUMA SUN.-MON.--2 HITS!
PLUS — First Run Feature
JBn.
LAST DAY 2 HITS! RALPH BELLAMY IN “ELLERY GUEEN MASTER DETECTIVE'
ALSO
ROY ROGERS in BORDER LEGION'
They Caived A Path|Tiufoiigh The WHdemess.N.Then ijaved It With BuUets and LiV »s!
MNN ouvu DeMVIIUND
RAYMO; RONAID REAGAN ALAN HALE STARTS TODAT
WiUicm Lundlgu. Van Hbffia . Gan. lUynciM# Hnuy O’NaiU. Gnian‘*8% Bay" WUUama -J -EXTRA “RODEO DOUGH" A GALAXY OF STARSfiuAdutL £xpomnt
Soturdasr* Icmuary IL 1941
4.
fieujSL 3‘SftMi,
)ii \ fi #I%-k|;»aI V.4TW»f
Ad Irishman’s lllnsions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan With oiilys292 shopping days left until Christmas there comes a time for the selection of the Ohio State football coach and staff and for Tom Harmon to return to school. I.I Now chewing the rag (or should I say “masticating the muslin”) on this coaching stuff is what every prospective football coach is doing these days. Will Mr. St. John (they even have saints at OSU) take a Mr. Brown of Massilon, Ohio, high school on the OSU payrolls ? _I.I_ Many persons contend that Brown’s great record at Massilon would go for naught if he took the Ohio State job and failed, but Massilon kids on this campus say that Brown can always come back to Massilon. K that’s the case, he should give big time football a twist. —I-I— But think of the poor fellow who must step into Brown’s shoes at Massilon. Wow, what a record to uphold ... no defeats since 1935. _I-I_ Ralph Fritz, Michigan guard, played in the Blue-Gray football game in Montgomery, Alabama, during Christmas. After the game he received a long distance telephone call from Tom Harmon, in California, to take the next plane for the coast to play in the Bomb game for British war relief. Fritz made the trip via air. The game was cancelled; Fritz basked in the
Big Ten Cagers Renew Old Rivalries Tonight Eight Big Ten net squads will see action tonight, facing each other in four outstanding hardwood contests. The Cream and Crimson of Indiana will inaugurate its conference competition when it meets the mini five on the Champaign floor. Iowa, hoping to make a strong showing this year in Big Ten battles, will face Wisconsin in its first conference game in the Badger fieldhohse. The Boilermakers, just fresh from a 49-34 whipping at the hands of Illinois, will attempt to gqjn back some prestige in the Big Ten at the expense of the Michigan five in the local Fieldhouse. Northwestern, strong/contender for the title will open its conference competition against Ohio State at Columbus. d.e.b.
Pacific sunshine briefly and boarded a plane for Ann Arbor. -1-1— Isn’t it wonderful being an athlete ? Sunshine, plane rides, and very little school. I hear Tom Harmon has returned to Ann Arbor to finish what he started some four years ago—finishing school. Tom’s got his p'in out, too. Someone’s been mighty lonesome, unless Michigan has real Wolves ... —I-I— From the desk of Eth Baugh we have information that the new Purdue basketball yell, “E to X, DY to DX, etc., etc.,” is attracting attention even as far away as Bristol, Connecticut. “Stretch” Murphy, a really great basketball center here at Purdue in ’29, the year that PU won grid and hardwood championships, sent Eth a" clipping of the yell taken from a leading Eastern sports column. —I-I— A bird^in the hand is bad table manners. Not so hot, uh!
Riveter Mermen
Frosh Cagers Hold Lively Scrimmage; Squad Packs Height “Dutch” Fehring’s frosh cagers got a chance to perform on the floor of the Fieldhouse last night and'tevidently they liked the atmosphere of the place, judging from the spirited action which took place. The boys showed, both in drills and in scrimmage, that they possess a high degree of knowledge and skill relative to the fast-break attack. Learning Fundamentals These netters, some 22 of them, are being taught the habits of fastbreak basketball, fundamentals and the foot-work of offense and defense. Encouraging is the fact that the squad is padded with several tall boys, the type essential for rebound control. Coach Fehring commented that several of these skyscrapers are potentially good basketball players. Big Boys Tallest of this group is John Swantz who towers five inches over the six-foot mark. He played his high school ball at Riley of South Bend and showed up well in last night’s scrimmage. Floyd Lawson, another fairly tall boy, covered the backboard well and also did a fair share of the scoring. A1 Menke’s one-hand shooting was another highlight of the scrimmage. He’s also fairly tall, and this trio, together with Jim McGrath, gives a warning to Big Ten schools that next year’s Riveter squad will not be one of the smallest in the conference, as it has been for the past two seasons. e.c.y.
An Old Timer looks back on Purdue as it was way back in 194041 . . . Little do you know now how ynluable your DEBRIS will be twenty years from now. Picture yourself looking back into the past at old Purdue through the medium of your old 1940-41 DEBRIS. You recollect the good times you Wd in those days • . • remember the faces and names of your old classmates and last but not least, ^our old profs, and instructors, even if they did give you that D in Oiemistry or Math.
The DEBRIS the good of His Services.
is published for the Student and
The DEBRIS gives you the following: • Reference for your schools and friends. • Enjoyment • Something to remind you of your days at Purdue. • A $17,218 publication for only $4.50. IVs Your
Take Advantage and Get Yours Now!
Riveter Squash Team Engages I AC Men Today At 2:30 p. m. today m the Fieldhouse, the Riveter squash team will meet the Indianapolis Athletic club in the second of their series of three matches. The lAC won the first contest, 6-4, the event being held on
Friday 13, last December.
Headed by staff members Larry LaBree and Chief Clevett, the Boilermaker squad will also include eight varsity members. They are: Mann, McMillan, Adams, Goldstein, Green, Ealbfleisch, Fant and Smith. The lAC group is made up of young professional men, several of them being doctors and lawyers. Playing number one for the visitors IS Langsenkamp, Central AAU champ, who will meet LaBree in one of the earlier matches. Teany, the I AC pro, will tangle with Jesse Fant in another contest that should
provide plenty of action.
Indications that interest in squash racquets is increasing is shown by the frosh turn-out Thursday night. Over 28 men showed up for the first meeting of the year, all of whom will compete for numerals awarded each year to the outstanding men.
b.d.s.
• Cary Hall 1 Champs In a close contest Cary Hall 1 defeated Cary Hall 12 for the basketball championship, 28-20. Members of the winning team will be awarded medals, w.r.s.
WAA The finals in the women’s bowling tournament, held on December 19, 1940, resulted in the following scores: Wood Hall forfeited to Alpha Xi Delta. Antigonish, 1176; Chi Omega I, 960. 113 South Street, 1097; North Hall I, 999. Alpha Xi Delta II, 1104; PIA, 1319. Chi Omega II, 1148; Thales, 869. Alpha Chi Omega, 1150; Pi‘ Beta Phi, 1130. High scores: Mary Jane Roth, Chi Omega, 178; Bernice Russell, PIA, 167; Sara Graham, South Street, 166; Eva Williamson, PIA, 164; Martha Doherty, PIA, 148.
Face Wildcats Today Strong Northwestern Swimming Squad Plays Host To 13 Invading Boilermakers
As a curtain raiser for the 1941 swimming season, the Riveters drew one of the Middle West’s top teams out of the conference hat, for today at 3 p. m. the local mermen clash with a strong Northwestern outfit ih Evanston. Proof of the vaunted Wildcat strength lies in the fact that the team that took third place in the Big Ten meet last spring is back almost to a man. Only mighty" Michigan, the winner, and perennially powerful Ohio State finished ahead of the Purple swimmers.
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES BALLET TAP and BALLROOM SAT., JAN. 11th ENROLL NOW BALLET CLASS FOR CO-EDS SAT. 11:00 A.M. ALLEN’S •■ra A FERRT
Frat Men Bowl In Semi-Finals Today This afternoon at 2 o’clock the Union bowling alleys will see four fraternity bowling squads get under way in the semi-finals of the interfraternity bowling tournament. Phi Delta Theta, victors in a close contest with Delta Tau Delta, will face Delta Upsilon, and the Delt keglers, by virtue of their runner-up position in their bracket, will bowl the Beta Sigma Psi five. The Beta Sigma Psi team, because of experienced team members returning from a 1939 championship team, is given an edge over the rest of the fraternity competition. Two out of three games will decide the winners of each of the contests in this afternoon’s fracas, the winners meeting in the final playoff tomorrow afternoon. Joe Starek, Union vice president in charge of the bowling alleys, is handling the event, d.e.b. Superman Byelene Makes 'Ace' Comics That old saying, “You can’t keep a good man down” proves true once again. Appearing in the current issue of Ace comics along with Superman and others, is a sports flash about Mike BYELENE. “Speed” is the title of the squib, and it shows a picture of the big little man and calls him the last of Purdue’s great “three B’s.” “Hot dog, a celebrity at last,” cried Mike as he bought the last copy to be found in the city. • Greek Basketball Results of last night’s play in the quarter-final round of interfraternity basketball competition were as follows: Alpha Gamma Rho, 27; TrianglePi Kappa Alpha, 29; Lambda Ghi Alpha, 14. Delta Upsilon, 16; Phi Kappa Tau, 12. Alpha Gamma Rho, 27; Phi Delta Theta, 17. Triangle—Forfeit to Pi Kappa Phi. In the semi-final round this afternoon, Pi Kappa Alpha will meet Alpha Gamma Rho, while Delta Upsilon battles Phi Kappa Phi. This afternoon’s two winners will meet for the grand finale Monday night.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dentar Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A M. IRION
Greeting Cards
DENTIST
All Occasions
1191^1 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
SOUTHWORTH'S.
• Jewelers
R. G. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Potent Stars Back The brightest star in the Wildcat sky in Fahrbach, who copped second in the 50 yard and third in the 100 yard Big Ten free-style events. Powell added more points by taking fifth m the diving competition and the four-man relay team topped it off by finishing second in the 400 yard free-style relay. Other topnotchers back this year are Surles in the 220 and 440 yard free-style events, Zehr a backstroker, and Walsh, a breaststroker of high ability. In recent dual meets with Northwestern, each year has seen a closer score as proof of Riveter improvement. Last year’s meet found the Riveters losing out, 34 to 50. Due to a decided improvement over last season’s team, the meet today will most likely be the best of the series of Boilermaker-Wildcat tanglings. Hot Races Expected Some of the best bets in the Riveter lineup are Carney and Kratzer, who will battle it out with Northwestern’s Fahrbach and Surles in the free-style races, Williamson in the breaststroke events, and Mecredy and Andersen swimming in the backstroke races. Captain Siler and Herr are also being counted on heavily. Northwestern goes into today’s meet with the benefit of two matches under their belts, for earlier this year they met the Towers club of Chicago on two occasions. Although the Wildcats lost both engagements, this takes no credit away from them for the Towers club is one of the nation’s strongest amateur teams. The meet will be held in the pool of the new Northwestern gym which was completed only a few months ago. 13 Make Trip The traveling squad which will leave by automobile at 9 o’clock this morning is made up of the following men: Captain Siler, Mecredy, An« dersen, Tingley, Williamson, Herr, McCoy, Kratzer, Branner, Carney, Lake, Horn and Ochsteim. j.d.f. IM Schedules BASK£TBAIX Saturday. January 11 Court 1—SV B McAdams 1:15 Winner (Phi Delta Th^ m Atslut Gamma Rho) vs. Wmner (Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kapi>a Tau) 1:30 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Winner (Theta Tau, Triangle, Pi K. Phi) 2 "SO Ward 21 vs. Winner Ward 39 or 40 (Final),
BASKETBALL SCHEDULE January 11—Michigan—Here January 13—^Wisconsin—^There January 28—^Detroit—^Here February 1—^Indiana—^Here February 3—^Illinois—^Here February 8—Chicago—^Here February 15—Ohio State—There February 17—^Wisconsin—Here February 22—^Minnesota—Theie February 24—^lowa—There March 1—Indiana—^There March 3—Northwestern—Here
SLIGHTLY USED PHONOGRAPH RKORDSm LATEST roniuR m\M‘ TURK " ^ MMiBPIliy.qinvqcg
MENTION THIS ADO \ AND m 3 for 25c^.4>.
' I
4#'fe '.'JJ- iiaiiP
'ffi , ’'
r‘f' p// '! Pv ' , "
If' I
mikik
fy - yUoticaA.
Saturday, January 11, 1941
fijuhdiuL £xponuiL
“Go ye into all the wotld and preach . . .” is the watchword of Dr. Henry Wise Hobson, bishop of the Diocese of Southern Ohio of the Protestant Episcopal church and his staff of helpers in St. Paul’s Wayside Cathedral. Dr. Hobson feels that administering to the spiritual, mental and physical needs of the
people ia his diocese by means of his cathedral on wheels is a practical means of propagating practical Christianity. In the top picture above, the bishop was photographed about to embark on one of his numerous preaching tours. Lower left pictures the interior of St. Paul’s, showing the altar and the bishop’s chaii. The cathedral’s altar, ar-
ranged for an outdoor service, is shown in the lower right. Bishop Hobson will speak at the regular religious convocation in the Hall of Music tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock. The subject of Hobson’s address is “The Lie of Isolationism.” The University choir, undei the direction of A1 Stewart, will provide music for the services, d.t.b.
as well as they could have if the Germans had shown' hatred for them instead. Hitler has myriad agents of his own who serve these purposes. But among his most effective agents are people who do not realize that they are Hitler’s tools and certainly do not want to be, but who nevertheless are. Three Types Of Unwitting Agents There are three main categories of these unwitting Nazi agents: First, there are persons of undoubted good will, but inadequate awareness of the consequences of what they are doing, like some of the amateur statesmen who help Hitler put over his “peace plans.” Second, there are people whose good will may or may not be beyond suspicion, but who try to outsmart Hitlei’—they realize that he is trying to use them, but they think they are smart enough to use him instead. Nobody has outsmarted Hitler yet in this kind of relationship, but this does not seem to prevent people from keeping on trying it. A large sector of big German industry, incarnated in Fritz Thyssen, is typical of this group. And, third, there are people who really would turn their own countries over to the Reich rather than allow domestic opponents to get control, like the Frenchmen who swore they would rather have Hitler running France than Leon Blum. Adolf Hitler is the first politician the world has ever seen who has cashed in on a world-wide scale on P. T. Barnum’s dictum that there’s a sucker born every minute.
NYA Students! Checks are available for the period ending December IS, 1940, at the cashier’s oSice in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division C: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, January 14, at 4 p. ra. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —EASTWOOD.
Junior Militiiry! All Juniors are eligible for entrance into the Distinguished Gun Squad Competition, 15B mm. Howitzer. Squads to consist of: 2 Juniors (Exec, and Ass’t Exec.), 9 Sophomores (Chief of Sec.tion, Gunner, and Cannoneers). Juniors desiring to enter squads in this competition will present entries to IA. Antrim in Instructors Room prior to noon January 15. Practice for squads will be two hours a week. Tentative date for competition will be March 17-20. —ANTRIM.
All Students: Darkroom will be closed Monday, January 18, so that the Camera Club may make an inventory check-up in regard to supplies. The rooms will remain closed for a short time, depending on the amount of work needed to be done and the amount of replacement needed. —GEPHART.
Ice Hockey: There will be no hockey trip to Indianapolis this week-end. LIENWEBER.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting Monday, January 13, at 7:46 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —MEBSE.
Scrivener; Going to prras Saturday. Editorial staff report: Reigle, Howard, McTaggart, McPherson, Waldower, Dray. —ALEXANDER.
AIChE: Special meeting will be held on Tuesday, January 14, in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. Dr. P. C. Frary, national president of the AI ChE, will be guest speaker. —^MASSEY.
Freshman Engineers: There will be no Engineering lecture Saturday, January 11. —KNAPP.
Scrivener: All receipt books must be turned in Saturday between 1 p. m. and 4 p. m. ThoETe not in will be sent to the dqan for collection. —ALEXANDER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 360 of the EE building. Mr. J, A. Green will give a lecture demonstration on "loudspeaker testing." —REYNOLDS.
S X
Naz/ Battle
(Continued from page 1)
to paralyze the will of the enemy to resist before the actual fighting even begins, so that when the military operations commence the enemy collapses as much from his own weakness as from the superior power of the German armed forces. Use Psychological Weapon And the principal nonmilitary weapon the Nazis are using is the psychological weapon. The Germans have set out to create a nightmare state of mind among their enemies, to cause nothing less than a collective nei vous breakdown on an international scale, to bi ing about a paralysis of will on the part of all Western European civilization, including the United States. And they have succeeded, thus far, to an amazing degree. Hitlei doesn’t need to convert a majority in any given cdirntry to his point of view. He needs only a small minority. Often he doesn’t need anybody on his side at all. He
can accomplish his purpose even if all the people are against him, if enough of those people are sufficiently in disagreement among themselves to be unable or unwilling to take effective common action against him. There are countless variations in the Nazi tactics and strategy of demoralization. Generally speaking, howevei, their essential purposes always aie the same—first, to encourage dissention among groups opposed to them, beginning with the groups of nations arrayed in an alliance and extending down to the smallest groups and elements within each nation; and, second, to encourage personal misgivings and general unwillingness to fight in each individual, apart fiom his membership in any gioup. Ill the pursuit of these objectives, the Nazis have used and aie using thiee main methods,: Shock and hoiroi tactics, false pretensions of friendship and tactics of sheer confusion.
The Nazi propaganda about supposed secret weapons was typical of
their shock and horror tactics. It was calculated to undermine the morale of the enemy, and often succeeded. German troops storming one sector of the Allied lines last May put the defenders to flight by simply firing signal rockets at them. The Allied troops thought the Nazis were using some new and deadly "^ecret weapon, and ran for their Irms. Another typical example of the Nazis’ shock and horror tactics is their deliberate use of military seciets, obtained by German agents, in bioadcasts to enemy troops, whose morale is sometimes shattered when they realize how efficient the Nazi espionage is. The fraternization which the Germans encoui’aged on the Western Front before the big offensive, on the other hand, was typical of the Nazis’ use of false pretensions of friendship as a weapon of war. After nine mortths of seemingly sincere protestations of good will by the Germans, the French were mentally and morally disarmed to a significant degree, and unable to fight
Notices
Camera Club: No more meetings this semester. —GEPHART.
Pistol Practice: Following men are asked to continue pistol practice in Armory at 4 p. m. until further notice: Clough, J. C. Essig, R. Estep, L. Eves, C. Hammer, J. A. Heidennch, G. Howes, R. McDonald, J. H. Makielski, T. T. Meachem, J. R Noland, T. C. Ollveria, B. D. Paive, F. E Sayles, S. Schmidt, W. H. Shelborn, R. H. Storkmier, G. R. Tippey, D. K. Clinin and W. A. McCarthy. —BROWN.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division F: Class meeting for Tuesday, January 14, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
Physical Education for Men 9, Division B: Class meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, January 14, at 9 p. m. changed to room 129 of Electrical Engineering Building. —ALLEN.
Mid-Year Graduates: Especially interested in industrial, mechanical, metallurgical and chemical engineers but desiring to see those of all branches, the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation desires to Interview men between now and time of graduation. The address is 208 South La Salle street, Chicago. —ARM.
Freshman Engineers: No more final exam booklets are available. —DIBOS.
HiTL
By Wallace R. Deuel, Berlin Head of the Chicago Daily News Series of II articles tells full story of Nazi Germany daily in the Purdue Exponent. Article 2 today.
1. Morbid State of Mind of Continental Europe—Dejected and Sick of It All. 2. Tactics and Strategy of Terror—Tools of the Nazi Regime. 3. Hitler and the Nazi Hierarchy. 4. German View of the War—How They Expect to Finish It This Spring. 5. Internal Conditions in Germany—Food Supply, How Much Damage Done by the British, Etc. 6. What's Going On in German-Occupied Countries. 7. Hit-
ler's Relations with Russia and japan. 8. Hitler's Relations with Italy. 9. The Fifth Column—and What It Really Is, Contrasted with Popular Ideas About It. 10. German Policy Toward the United States—How They Depend Upon Divided Opinion to Keep America Paralyzed. 11. What Kind of a World We Will Live In If Hitler Wins.
Wallace R, Deuel, famous war correspondent, is back in America once more—after living six long years with the Nazis, as Berlin head of The Chicago Daily News. Arid, starting tomorrow — unhampered by Hitlerian censorship—Mr. Deuel will tell the naked Btory of where Adolf Hitler stands today! [Hiere are precious few men—if any—on this ride of the Atlantic who know the inside of Hitler-land as Wally Deuel knows it. He was covering in Berlin virtually at the beginning of Hitler’s rise to power. He was one of the
first to point out the decided swing to the left in Germany. And his dispatches ripped open the most rAealing scrutiny; of the Nazi social structure and war aims ever to come out of Germany. As early as 1936 he predicted that a general European war would burst like a bombshell in 1940. When Germany’s blitzkrieg blazed over Poland in 1939, he moved from Berlin to the eastern front as war correspondent, and his dispatches “With the German Army in Poland”—often gathered in the chaos of
machine-gunning and bombing—made history in newsprint the world over. On May 3| 1940—seven days before Hitler swooped down upon the Low Countries—Deuel radioed these words from Berlin: “The ‘real war’ must be fought in the west. The chances are that it will be fought this summer. It may begin at any moment. Everything else is a side issue.” Deuel was on top of the carnage that followed—^forging eyewitness words into unforgettable dispatches for readers of The Chicago Daily News.