^ 4
SATURDAY, MAY 2S719S6
A, ' _«uA L
•* »if < USSIf s*is'is4
Legion Wm
Hold Air Show
il’wimicirrioly': Two-Way Radio Will Ke^ Crowd In Toiich Witln Planes In Flight
Demonstrations of the use of radio in aviation are to be featured both in firing and in flight at the Lafayette American Legion Air Show, which begins about 1 o'clock tO' morrow afternoon at the University
Airport
University graduates will fly Indiana National Guard radio planes* of the 38th division, Indianapolis, from Stout Field to Lafayette, all the time keeping in constant commimication with the crowd at the local port by means of radio. A transihitter, installed in one of the hangars and connected with a loud speaker, will keep the crowd informed on the progress' of the planes as well as the progress of the meeL
Demonstration
The 150th Field Artillery, N. G. WiU stage a demoMtration of lated artillery shooting ui: targets /^h ‘‘puflf’’ shellA Tl^e firm^ Will also be directed by radio. , Between 25 and 30 ships besides the jocal planfes are exacted to be bn hand* arrMhg from noon oA The alumni who will be flying the planes lh:bm Ihdiahapplis here indude Lt W. -ti. Brown, E. E. '29; Lt. E. W• Bryan, SCi. ’22; Lt. R. N. Taylor, M. E. ’2i; Lt. E. W. Waschmeyer, M. E, ’30, and will be headed by Captain E. W. Sweeny, a E. '17. A charge of ^6 cents per egr and load or 10 cents per person oh foot
willbemade.
The Student Senate met yes-
‘ terday^ A new eligibility rule
was passed. Burnell and Mueller were declared eligible for their respective positions.
Gala Programs Now Available Special Desk In Union; 5-Cent Lot Sent Back Gala Week comihencement programs have now arrived and may be claimed at either Deac’s or outhworth’s by those persotm who rdered them through these stores, k. special desk will again be set up a the Memorial Union Building Monday to distribute those prograins ordered at the Union desk
earlier in the year.
Only the 15 and 25 cent programs will be available as the five cent announcements were incorrectly prints ed up as invitations and were sent back for correction. They should be
obtainable Friday.
Louie Lowe Will Play For Mixer Tonight Foi'mer GgH And Black Ace Brings Own Band To Campus Louie Lowe, '27 alumnus, and his eleven piece orchestra- will play for the Union mixer tonight. His band, claimed by many to be the most popiflar in the state, has played the winter seasCn for the last six years at the' Indianapolis Athletic
Club.
Lowe plays the summer season at "The Trees” popular dance rendezvous in the Indianapolis district. Because of his excellent work with the original Gold and Black Aces and in Harlequin productions on the campus, Balban and Katz chose him as master of ceremonies of the In-
diana Theatre.
The prom decorations will be used tonight, and they will not be changed for the remainder of the year. Ken Eberschoff will play for the Decoration Day mixer next week. The band for the Gala Week dance has, as yet, not been an-
nounced.
students INommatcj 77 For Senate Positions Freshman Pharmacy School To BcM Electio Today; Candidates Will Be Voted On Next Fail
omore, and junior classes of the various schools in the Uni* versity.
66 Inducted
Research H o no r a r y Dolds Annual Banquet
The University chapter of Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, admitted nineteen active meinbers, 25 graduate associates, and 22 undergraduate associates at the annual initiation ceremonies' held this week in the Union Building. One hundred and thirty attended the banquet in the ballroom following the initiation, at which time four of the initiates, representing different fields of research, discussed projects they have pursued at the Uni-
versity. ■ „ ■ ■ ■
Initiates
The following undergraduate associates were initiated: agriculture: Harry E. Brown, Sherman 0. Kessler, Albert H. Probst; chemical engineering: R-E. Carr, R. S. Egly, R B. Null, L. A. Wood; engineering: Clarence A. Boyll, Donald 'A, Bridges, Donald G. Burnham, Robert C. Dyrenforth, Jr., Howard P. Gairl, Milton J. Heller, Ralph B. Immel, Howard V. Keenan, Otis J. Thompson, Jr., Leonard O. Vladimir; sci ' ence: Virginia Gobble, Katharine Hazard, Mary L. Lyons, Charles J. Plank, John F. Spahr.
Hold Watch Contest Final Six Seniors Pr^enl Tectmicdl Speeches Six seniors spoke yesierday afternoon in the M.E.: Bufldiug m the finals of tlie Miller ' watch award contesti liie $611 wrist Watch is given anUnally by ife. W. W. MiUer as a memorial to his son Ford, a distinguished University studehir^ who was killed in an automobile accident several years ago. J ; The a'ward is to be announced at commencement exercises; The^participants today were; W. R. Abbott, D. C. Burnham, Ed' Elliott, J. D. Pierce, G. C. Sterrett, R., W.
Strauss.'’-
The contest is open to mechanical engineering seniors taking the ehgineering reports course. The purpose of the speeches was to present a technical subject to a noh-techni-cal audience. Subjects presented included air-conditioning* diesel engines, boilers and automobile modr
els;
Scientist Studies New Ro<^t Shiip Washington, D. C. — (ACE) Progress in actual scientific developnient of a “rocket ship” which may eventually carry a human being to enormous heights has been reported at the Smithsonian Insti-
tute here.
Although admitting the great practical difficulties in the way Of even the first step, Smithsonian scientists announced that Dr. Robert H. Goddard, of Clark University, has developed a satisfactory motor for the roclcet. It is a combustion chamber from which are ejected exploding liquids which give propulsive power, and it yields the terrific horse power of 200 per pound of its own weight, with possible speeds as high as 700 miles an hour.
Final Exams Begin Tuesday Classes End Monday;
No Penalty Date
The annual grind is ov6ri,bnt ihe grind has only begun. Classes will conclude for the semester Monday afternoon; final ; ex^^ in Xlniyersity courses start T on the following afternoon. M^ is not a penalty date. ■ The following abbreviations, are used for
departments and buildinga : ,
: AD—Applied Desigh, ■ AEt—Agricultural Engineering,-Ag--^Agrieulture,;AgCh—-Agri-cultural Chemistry, Agron—Agronomy; AH —AnimalHusbandry, AM—A-pplied Mechanics; B-^Bi-olpgy, iehE-'-Ghemichl Bhgin^ring, Chehi---ChemiBtry, GE-^i-^ Engiheering;
G&T—Clothing and Textiles.
DH—Dairy ’Hu8bandi!y;: EA---Ehgineering Administration, Ec—Economics. Ed—-Educa--tiori, EE—Electrical Engineering, Ehgl-r English, Entr—Entomology, PMgt—Farm Management; P&N—Foods and Nutrition, For—ForestiTiGr-Michael Golden Shoi>s, .GE —■General Engiheering, ,G^l--GeolQgV, Goy —Government, Hea-v—Heavilon Hali, Hist-r-History,. HA-r-Hoihe . Administration, HE-— Home Economical Hori>---Hdxticnlture. IM — Institutioh Management, Math — Matheinatics,:ME^MeohahiCal Engineering, Mir—^Modern; Lan^agesi MM—Materia Medica, MT—Military Training, - PE---Physic8l Education for Men*: PEW-'^Physlcal Ednca^ tion for Women, Phar-:^Pharmacy, PhC— Pharmaceutical Chemistry,,. phys—Physics;-Poul'--Poultry, PM---PraCtical Mechanics, Pur—PurduC Hail, Eec—^Recitation Building, SC—Sthnley Coulter Hall, Sna-r-Smith Hall* Univ—University Hall, No. 2--Building No. The examination will he taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in Case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such’ conflicts must he adjusted by consultatioh with the instructoif in charge before the
opening of examinations.
. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arrmiged with instructor if they
are not Mheduled. .
*Examinatiohs will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions reguiarly recite.
' Period -1
MONDAY, MAY 25, 8-11 A. M.
Room
reseiitative will be elected to the Senate front each class during registration next fall. No representation in the Senate was allotted to the school of physical education nor to the sophomore and junior classes of the pharmacy school since they had less than the required enrollment of Nominations to the Student Senate from the freshman pharmacy school will be held : at 10 o’clock this morning in the lecture room of the Pharmacy Building. Senator Arth will preside.
* i
Three Write
•am
WOWO To Broadcast Student Opinidns Station WQWO* of Fort Wayne, will feature a salUte to Puriiue ;Uhiyersity in its “Voice of Youth” program tomorrow afternqoU^^^^^^a^^^^ 3 o’clock. Mary Jane Cleveland has prepared a sketch oh “Fred Marshall”; Charles Gainpbell has "vvritten on “World Peace”; and Clifford Hardin has recorded his views on “What College Has Meant To Me”, all of which will be included in the
program.
A short biography of W. L. Batt, president of S. K. F. Industrial corporation Mil also be presented as one of the outstanding alumni of the University. He spoke at one of' the earlieu employment lectures this semester. A list of the outstanding seniors; of this year’s graduating class and the positions which they will occupy after graduation will
be read.
51 students. AU jthiipr Senate'inenh,: bera hqld^ their during their senior year. Two niethods of nomination w^e used by Senators in charge of tKe several groui)^---phe whereby each ^dent was alloyi^d to vhte for fpuh hien, the Ql^r in wMch ohly Pne man was named hy each phrsori, The npniinees elected yesterday are:, V.' '-o Agriculture" Freshmen: J. A. bilts, C. G* Elliptt, M* G. Leami^, and G. L. Sever ; sophondores ; R; W. Bemiett, T. W. Graham* T; K. Parkison and E. S. Wright; juniors : E; W: Anderson, L, 0. Buxton, and W. H. kep-
'hart.
Wait Elected Pi Tau Sigma Hoad' D. N. Wait was elected president of Pi Tau Signaa, mechartical enginepring honorary, at the meeting held ypsterday afternbori at Rotary Park JT. Kany was chosen vice president; F. Wahl, secretary; and j". Wright, treastirer.
Profy 3chaktz-Haus^ Prepares New Bulletin J Selection of pictures a^ a feature' of honie deepration is covered in the newly published sixth bulletin of the Home Information Service of Bettey Hbiiaes in America, with headquarters located at the University, Prepared by Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the department of applied desi^, the bulletin is intended tp serve as a guide idr home oyUieTS whb to jnanrpv^^ the appearance of their houses.
Chalk This Up! > ®y fhe Roving Reporter Mr. Jbnah, of the mathematics department, does not like classes j^hat throw chalk from windows. His calculus classes Understand that, after being discipliued with the. hardest test of the seniester as a s'urprise, ’Ht disfigures the campus; it is dangerous to passers-by, and it is ado lescent,”: deplares Mr. Jonah. His students bebaye like perfect little gentimen fiow; a^ say that they wilLcontinue to do so until after the
final,
PUBLlGATldN SefiEDULE
Because pf final examinations the Exponent ydll be published only bn the fplloiwing dates the remainder of this; semester; May 26,28* 80, June 2. The first issue in the fall will be out on Heptbmber 12.;...’,-.’’
C€res;MectsV New Officers G. W- Preemyer was elected pres ident of Ceres for next semester at a meetiiig of the group Thursday night at the home of Kof. P. E. Robbins. L. O; Buxton was chosen yice president;' P. G. Warren, secretary; and E. C. Miller, treasurer. Outgoing seniors discussed plans for the future and a
next year. ;
* Gets New R^sistaiice Circuit A precision Wheaistone bridge, capable of accurately measuring resistances as high as 100 million ohms, was recently donated tp the University’s ebrnmunicatiPn laboratory through the courtesy of M. B. Long and Arthur Krenner* E; E. ’13, of the Bell Telephone Laboratories of New York City. This bridge was originally used in the Americ^ Telephone' and Telegraph Company Operating Station* at McKenny, Virginia, for locating high resistance faults on telephone cables, The bridge circuit and associated equipment is mounted bn a heavy library table while the sensitive galvanometer is mounted on a vibra-tion-proof suspension in a heavy
steelcabinet.
Radium Supply Burned 4s Test Tube Explodes
Junior H. E. Studeiits View Lafayette Honte Mrs. Charles Benedict Stuart opened her new bomb in Lafayette this week to the; junior home economics studente specmlizihg in clothing and textiles. The opportunity pffered these students a ebimee to yie#, at first hand* thp !^}atibn of historic costume to architecture and; fUrmshings bf the ihid^^ era, Mrs, Stuart;^a^^ Shqvircd the studpnts some b^ ber rare and beautiful China, Siilyer, and jeweiry* Using the costumes of Mra iSlAort, Miss Mman Willpughby, of the U^^ bom« ecoiu)mi<M school, will go to Muncie today, where she will give a talk on foreign costumes to the A. A* U. W.’
PrinCeton, N, J.—(AGP)—-Two Princetpn professors were burned, and $4,000 worth of radium ■was scattered in nfihute particles thruout a laboratory here when a test tube mysteriously exploded. - ^ ^ Determined effbrts to recover the invisible particles from the walls and floors and ceiling of the laboratory are being made,; and the twb experimenters, meidbers of the Princeton Physios deiiartment, will imdergo extensive Wsts in birder to determine the pbssihiliW of their hUying contracted the ineurable ra-
dium poisoning. -
Cml.';';
Freshmen: F. C. Ahrens, H. C. Boyer, M* D. Stepath, and W. ,R. Troyer; sophomores: O. J. Blank^ S. D. Miles, F.' E. Rentschler, and E. C. Thoma; juniors : W. S; Ahdersoni M. Baker, and C. P. Ewoldt., Chemical. V Freshmen: B. MeUett, E. H. Duval, W. J. Gillilan, and J. H. Jacobi; sophomores: J. D* Bp'wntnan, J. R; Favorite, R. P. Maniori, and H. ;S. Nolting; juniors: R. F* Andres, J; M. Heineh, C. M. Offenhauer and G.
Perkins.
Electrical Freshmen; J. T. Campbell, R. H, Horner* F. C, Rhoades, and J, W. Scott; sophoniores: A. E. Minnickj H. E. Montfbrt, B. Olsen, and L. K. Raftree; junibrs: R. W. Chamberlain, R. W. Loehr, K. B. McEachronj and F. W. Vairgo. Home Economics Freshmen: Betty Elstun, Millicent Ruchti, Mary Townsend, and Mary Wien; sbphomores: Mary Schoonover and Betty Ann SteW' art; junibrs: Mary Deoker, Betty Ann Florer, and June Lippert, Mechanical Freshmen: J. T. Doan, W. R. Fbnstermaker, H. B. Forbes, and S. H; Gutting; sophomoifes: G. R, Aschauer, E. N. Cox, R. J. Craigi and W- C. Musham; juniors : N. G. Belury, C. L. Peth, J. F. Seward and D. N. Wait.
Announce Tentative Convo Series Tibbett, Albert Spaulding, lioyd Douglas Ou 1936-37 Schedule Nationally knowif artists and leeturers, including Lawrence Tibbett* Albert Spaulding* and Ooyd Doug# las, will appear on next year’s convocation program according to Prof. J. T. Gunn* of the lectures and convocations committee* who stated j^t aithbugk ^ dhh» ymre hot ye^ filled, ;ah imposing array bf t^eht bad been bngaghd already for ythe coming series. Tibbett 'sriU give his recitad ha Nbyember as will ;the Kryl Synt* ■; phony Orchestra. Harold Bauer*, pianist, and Alb^ Spauldii^* 'yi<^# inist, will give a joint recital early January. The St* Louis Symphbny'vrillpresehtaconci^mj^-
riiary*;:
Albert Edward W*g^*“* knb'wn author of “Sorry, But Yoh’re Wrong About It”, will spbak in October :bn “What Constitutes an Educated Man;’’ Mpyd Douglas* author of the^ nbvel and adapted serbehplay “Magnificent Obsession’’ yrill talk in Nbvember, while La Varre, African traveler, will Speak in March on “Gold* Diamonds, and Or'.^
chids”.'
& I I
Sm
Dairy Club WIU Elay Faculty Ih Aunual Ball Game A baseball team composed of dairy department faculty mbhoh^ and seniors in the dai^ school 'will play the team madb up of meihhers of the three other classes this afterhobn at 2 b’clbck at the sot^ ehd of LitramuralPield, W. B*Sbhlossei^: president; of the Dairy cluh* aUnbimced last night. ,.. j' The possession of trophy will be at stake in this annual event of the dairy school. ThC game is usually strictiy a/fechlty; veraus student a^iir*; but; thb fitMjulty asked senior help this year. .. Following the game there fee a picnic supper feeginning at 4* with horseshoe and handball games af-
terwards.
Science Freshmen:
Griffin, J. C.
M. Baker WiR Head Scabbard Aad Blade
J. M. Baker, Phi Gamma Delta* was elected captain of Scabbard and Blade honorary at a meeting held fea the Araibty yesterday. R G. wkhfe Sigma Nu, was chosen first lieutenfeut; J. R; Wergin, Acacia, second; Ueutenant* and M. E. Love, Phi Del-
ta Theta* first sergeant.
J, R* Ballard, J. Lyboult, and Martha
Wood; .ophomo^s: K P. Doogta. Co-cd'SeiUOr DlcS
G, E. Price, D. J. Rohyans, and R J* Wiley; juifiors! R. B* Greenbarg,
and J* G. Dhaver* V
FACULTY
The regular monthly meeting of tfee factilty will Im held on Monday, May 26, at 4 P. M., in Stanley Goulter Hall. A fdl attendance is ^pected. ®President. ,
BdrpardMenPurip^ iUustrated ptreetpry Gamferidge, Mass.-T-( AGP)---Rad-cliffe College ■women are going to he aubwering a lot tele|dM>fee calls soon—that is they will if ^e telephone directory stolen fipin Agassiz House gete feito dmtlation among tfee Harvard boys iliey believe purioined it. Tfee book cofetainiiig niimbeTO and pfeotpgfeaplri of each of tfeo stiwlenta listed ymb inlssed soon After a gm% dents,liad visited tfeeir bouse.
danet MiHntire, senior; borne ecn# nomi<^ student* TfeursbAyni^fey at her home, DeLong* Ind., after a two months’ jillness* Funeral services will be held at DeLong this afternoon at 2:30. Miss Mdntire was president of the co-ed Sunikiy school class of the We^ey Foundation* and had been active m Foundation worfe for several years. Members of that class are starting a co^ed loan fond
in her memory. /
'■‘‘A
*
ti
YOUR DEBRIS
Call for your Debris between 3 and 5:30 this afternoon in the
Debris office.
---BBAYT0NL .iv ' „I
_ _ :
I
1986.1936 MentW Associated Collegiate Press Disti^iintor of COIAEGIAHS PIGEST Montber of National College Press Assoriation. Big Ten Editorial Association Eadotivelr Bepresented by National Adv-eitising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New Yorlk City ^ Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by man, 18.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief.. MMagii^c EditorAssociate Editors..--K. A. Bame Bold and Black Editors..
editorial staEp i.W. T. Hunt , ..Ei H. Mpms j. E. Brock, A. H; F'orstet, R, P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler ..Geneive Season, S. M. Truitt
Siwrts Editor—-.... Associate Siwrts Editors-
Business Manager—_...... ... Local Advertising Manager...—. National Advertising Manager.. Circulation Manager..
Editor. Associate Elditors.. Advertising Manager.
SPOBTS STAFF „ , i;...i..............i....-.....L: D. Wood ..S. R. Griffiths, R. F^ Obenchain, D. P, Wilson BUSINESS STAFF .....R. J. Hulse ....D. C. Miller .;L. H. Brown ..J, Pi Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF
..Elelen Creech
..Jeanne Jaiiousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
...i.....„..Betty Barnett
Ssiturday, May 23> 1936. fesae Editor—G. A. Torrence.
A Word To The Nothing constructive was ever accomplished by threats. This applies to the Senate, even though that august body may think differently, as well as in other cases. Hygiene Lectures—When? Last spring President Elliott stated, following a meeting of the University faculty, that compulsory hygiene lectures would be presented to this year’s freshmen during the second semester. No definite plans were formulated for the administration of the course, but the general idea was to give a series of twelve one-hour lectures, one each week, and to give one semester hour of credit in it. The subject matter of the lectures was to include hygiene, a study of social disease, mental hygiene, and other general topics. At the time of the announcement, a npniber of persons on the campus regarded the move as a needed and progressive improvement in the curriculum. Some faculty members approved the plan enthusiastically, although others were o;pposed. A majority of the students were heartily in favor of it. A year has passed and the.program of hygiene lectures freshmen seems as far remote a,s before last spring’s announcement. The marital lectures for seniors were continued as usual
the proposed lectures. While a compulsory course of this nature might not be advisable, arrangements of some sort for the hygienic education of University underclassmen should be made. Most of the freshmeii and some of the other class members would probably be willing to attend such talks without credit.—R. P. M.
Congratulations to the Flying club for putting on a very fine dance, and we’re glad to see Bud Bryant back on the stand waving the old stick. The evening got off to a banging good start when Hugh Morris and Betty Ann Florer ended up a dance on the floor with a field marls^ :in their laps-^he dance Was jpract^^ ly made when Charlie Mtirphy'ABd Diean Stratton camfe in to ttuck n while-^Chas. ditched the Dean long enough to put on a dance With another lady While the floor shoW Was going on^-^peaking of floor shows, Fearheiley, Nilson, Ingleman? Muller and Fred Allen’s find, Bedford, put bn a swell show—The thrill of the evening canie when Dean Fisher left the field in a shower of coco cola bottles (I don’t think they were thrown ..intentionally)..—.:Someone called the Blazer a den of iniquity, but they Were corrected to the effect that said jernt was not a den^ but ju^t the home of Hageboeck and Reisner—They have squatters’ rights at least. The Theta Xi’s raffled off a goose at their dance last night, which went to Triangle Jack Walters. Everybody to their own idea of a good prize. Sounds like Pete Lambertus’ idea of a practical joke; ■ . —ss— We started this thing so I guess we will have to finish it. Following are the hundreds of entrants in our nation-wide “Pitching Woo” contest. Because we are short on space, we will only print four of the many contributions.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
We’ll start off with a short one so as to be sure you will read at least one before you use the paper to cover the bottom of a drawer-— Pitching Woo—-The art of getting to first base without being slapped. —N. M. Ganso. : ' ^ SS ' Pitching Woo—^To “pitch woo” is to make love in a manner calculated to show the girl that she is just another fish in the ocean of feminity. —Ike N. Duit.
—ss—
Ditto—^To Pitch Woo: to boodle; to make love; to cuddle; to neck; to
nuzkle; to fondle; to pqt; to dandle (and what is dandling ?); tb hug; to wheedle; to nestle; (this, might gb on for days) to embrace; to spoon; to dally; to osculate (now we’re getting someplace); to caterwaul (I think we got someplace on that last , —Diction ’Arry. Pitching Woo—A series of actions between two people of opposite' sex, preferably young; preferably comely, preferably unconventional (or conventional, depending upon the viewpoint) said actions including an unlimited number of prolong osculations, accompanied by affectionate caresses and fondlings, and sweet nothings whispered in shell-pink ears, pitoferablf und^ a mbbri;;^»ref^alfly in wariU^^v^ ; ;.--^Ribald"'Rbllb.. ■'
ss—...''
After six houfs and twenty minutes of diie defiberatibtt, the Bitching Committee has reached a decision—IVe had to: tijy but all the definitions before we decided to give the prize to “Ribald Rojlb’^ Congrats, call at the fJNIGN (plbase note the caps Shoemaker !) desk today at one. ' ■' —ss-^'.; When Phi Gam Brubaker starts sendingvout pink tooth brushes to all. the entries, his definition will be, quote---Woo is me—Unquote. (He’S the guy that started all this stuffO Now we’ll print something funny (swiped as usual when they’re funny) .—-If all the people who sleep in classes were laid end to end they would be a lot rnore comfortable.
—ss— ..
. NOTICE I hereby denounce any accusations that I am a fish—Eastburn is taking US to the Alpha Chi formal tonight. ■Fielder’s Choice.
m
WaiNert . Be Play^ lit Laf^ette Again Thia Season All Seats Reserved
Box Offira Gpen Daily at 1:00 P. M-
: i;: Admiaeion Eves. 50c-75c-$i.00 Mat. , 5(»o-76e Pins T^ , 2 Shows. Daily 2:16-8:16
■Eriday: aiid; :S^urday,: ,May 29^3();
LAST TIMES TODAY ON THE STAGE . ^ GRAND OPERA CO. PRESENTATION " / ';of : VERDFS; Magnificent Masterpiece
The Forester’s Viewpoint To the Editor: I would like to make known a deplorable condition which exists on the south campus. A condition which has an undermining effect on the morale of a majority of the students who are known as “Ags”. Close to one-half of the students enrolled in the school of Agriculture are taking forestry. Now we foresters are a homogeneous bunch, and we are best known for our comradeship and intense loyalty to one another. But, when the engineers talk of a forester, they say, “Oh, he’s nothing but a ‘d—d’ Ag!” That is the thorn in our side. That expression is the nemesis which pursues us wherever we go. Now we have nothing against the Ag school, but we are simply not Ags. What would the chemical engineers say if they were called civils ? How would the girls taking science react if they were called home ecs? I know from experience what they would say, and I am sure I know what they would do. They would try what we are still trying to do. We are trying to convince the proper authorities that the forestry department has so increased in size and importance that it deserves the distinction of being made a separate school. t)o you realize that the forestry school has the largest active club on this campus of ours? Recently, the sophomore foresters had an opportunity to voice their thoughts in their annual Camp Log. There was an editorial in this publication which thoroughly expressed the views we foresters held on the subject of establishing a forestry school. But, what do you suppose happened ? It was censored— The first paragraph of the editorial was deleted, because the writer dared to use the expression “until the department of forestry becomes the school of forestry”. During the recent P. A. A. and Union elections, whenever a forester approached to get his voting card and the election officer asked him what school he was in, he didn’t say the school of agriculture. He said, “The school of Forestry!” lam citing this case just to show you that we foresters really think seriously about this subject. I once asked an instructor what should be done to get the University officials to consider changing the forestry department to the school of forestry, and he said, “Get a stipk of dynamite.” That is how we foresters stand, but what are we to do? —^Two Foresters.
SUN - MON.
T!MB ; MUSICAL SHOW ; THAT WOWED > NEW YORK • FOR ONE ' ENTIRE i YEAR
Editor’^ Note: There is much to be said in favor of establishing a school of forestry. For several years the matter has been talked of, but the general opinion has been that the time was not yet ripe. Perhaps it is now. We do not believe that the University is opposed to the conversion of the department into a separate school, but rather that action has been delayed until it is felt that the forestry department has developed sufiSciently to warrant such a step.
With a Brilliant Cast of World Famans Opera Stars — ON THE SCREEN — HERBERT MARSHALL
Mat. 16c-25c-30c Night 15o-30c-40c
Stage Shows at 2:30) - 5:00 7:30’ - 9:40
Last Times Today WILLIAM BO YD 111---' 'THREE ON A TRAIL' —AND— 'S KY FARAD E'
AS AS
From Oulda's romantic novel of the French Foreign Legion flashes this glorious spectocle-drama of men's heroism and women’s dervotlon, enacted by one of the greatest casts the screen has ever seen.
WORLD'S MOST LOVABLE LOVE: TEAM,
SUNDAY- ■ - MONDAY
A nmmuc PICTURE
and RICHARD ARLEN in “Calling of Dan Matthews” also NEWS - CARTOON
Anonymous Readers who desire to express their thoughts through this column must make their identities known to the editor. In the few short days since the new staff assumed its duties, several contribwtiohs from unknown persons have already been received. We will not publish such opinions unless the authors are known, but the writers’ names will not be attached if they eb desire.
bast times today BUCK JONES in “Border Brigands” and LLOYD NOLAN ANN SOUTHERN in “You May Be Next” also •i ^‘CUSTER’S LAST STAND”
STARTS TOMORROW
ALL COLOR TRAVELTALK^;--,v^'^'‘
Game Starts At 2:00; Tilt Promises Thrills
This afternoon will be. the last chance for the Boilermaker fans to see their team in action, as the local nine takes on the Chicago baseball squad at 2 o’clock on the varsity diamond.
After Purdue’s win.over Notre Dame Wednesday, the team is
in a mood to play heads-up ball and produce a game filled with
thrills as was the Wedfib^^^^
encounter. Earlier in the year, Chicago defeated Purdiie in a game filled with errors, hits, and wild base funning. In this ganie, Ghicago collected twenty hits Off ROsser and Bartz, aiid the Lambertmen garnered thirteen Off Laird and Mastfofski, \the two .pitchers who worked for the IViarppns. In this sanie game, both Bill Haarlow and Bob Shipway stole home. The fielders of both squads managed to collect four hobbles for each tehm. Bob Rosser, leading Boilerriiaker hurler, will be on the mound to face the Maroon batters this afternoon. If Bob is able to turn back the Chicago squad, it will enable the Purdue squad tp keep out of the cellar in the Big Ten baseball race.
SIGMA DELTA PSI
Today will be the last chance this year fpr any one to make Sigma Delta Psi. All organized men and ward participants are eligible for this honor. Those interested report to the stadium this afternoon between 2 and 5 or to the gym between 1 and 2. Five intramural participation points will be given each house that has a man make Sigma Delta Psi. —McCORMICK.
By Don Wilson^ S Old Brpwn Street bridge was the scene of a thfilling climax and firiish of the Boilermahef’s traditional l3th annual river swim yesterday afternoon. Led by E. G.,Clossom a junior in the school of civil engineering, and a member of Kappa Sigma social fraternity, twelve tired boys emerged from the muddy waters of the Wabash to claim their respective positions at the finish. G. H. Kerber, last year's winner of this event, came in a very close second, while G. Tredwell pressed close ffdr third place. As was made known at the start of the event, a silver
322 Main St.
New Spring Ties Pure Silk HandMade 55c
E. G. Closson Wins Annual River Swim
Strolled over to the gymnasium yesterday afternoon to find the place as dead as a doornail. The track team Is; at jQiidumbue f w t^^ Ten meet, arid the ibaseball squad was out j^adicittg for the gaihe^^ w Ghicago this afternoon.
i£ eph e r, yictoK Last Year, Noses Out Tredwell For Second
The river swim, or should we hay marathon, was just like all rivef swims. Closson beat out last year’s winner, but the time was appreximateiy twoininutes slower than last year, the difference heing in the,river current.-
statuette of a poised swimmer will
y
SPORT SHIRTS Zipper or Ties ^ White - Blue - Canary
go to the winner, Closson in this case, and the next six men are to receive either gold or silver medals. Medals will be given to the aforementioned winners of second and third places; Armstrong, 4th place; Whitcomb, 6th place; Diehl, 6th place and Winchell, 7th place, will also receive medals for their excellent showings. River Low This year the river was a bit lower than last year and this probably accounts for the slightly slower time made this year, 27:38.4, over the time of 25:32.2 made last year by Kerber. There were few humorous incidents in the grim fight against the river and little could be heard but the steady slap of the swimmers’ arms and the soft murmurs of the men in the safety boats but as Prank Winchell, who placed in the money, struggled up the hill after the race he was heard to say, “Not a bit tired. I’ll turn up the river and swim it with anyone.” Just after this Winchell was gently helped to find his own clothes. Sixteen Entered Sixteen men were entered in the race when the sun was still high in the sky, but as the sun went behind a cloud it seemed like ah omen, and only 12 of the 16 starters finished the race. Kerber led both Closson'and Tred well by a wide margin until late in the race and then Closson began a steady advance thaf^ bettered Tred well in the last quarter mile and finally he was able to pass Kerber just 160 yards before the finish line Kerber was visibly tiring fast and it was by a very smaU margin that he was able to whip Tredwell.
When we left the/scene of the Brown Street bridge some ten minutes after the completion of the/race there were still a couple of mermen paddling around some half mile down the river. . . . Keep plugging boys, perhaps you Will vdn next year; and at least; you will know Where the holes are. ■ ^ —ic—/ W&tch Bill Haarlow this afternoon when the Boilermakers meet the Maroons. Haarlow, if you will strain your brow a slight bit, is the lad;tha% Purdue held down so in a couple of basketball games last winter. Bill will probably be found at first base, but should the occasion arise, he is a most capable, pitcher. Lucas will probably be back On the third sack today, His arm is coining along all right after more than a week of rest, foUo^ng his injury against Michigan. " —fc—. ■ Rosser is slated to pitch today, and if his arm holds out as well against the Maroons as it did against Notre Dame, we will chalk up another win ... that is; if the infield gives the same kind of support. . . —fc—■ This is the last game of the s^soh, so everybody out. Two o’clock at the usual place.. ..
Pi Kappa Alpha announces the pledging of C. C. Schmuck, Jasper
Finals Fail To Halt Co-ed Sports
Pinalh or no finals; recreation will go forward. Afteh having participated in the many artivities sppm Sored by W. A. A. arid offered in various gym classes, the cO-eds are urged by Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the women’s physical education department, to take part in atjeast one sport during finals. There will be an open swim for ^omeri Thursday everiing. Tennis classes will continue their tournaments throughout the week if enough participants turn out.
HK FIRg PiGTUte/JUST - ^ ^ CGURTSHIP Of WIILBJ fSWOTI
JSew York;^ N. Yv arty “ ° ‘ ‘The
says Wiley ipadan. “Thd time te ^egfeld’s deathu-^
Co-ed Archers Enter Telegraphic Meet •
Cleveland.. Chicago.. Washington.. Philadelphia.. St. Louis..
■ Approximately 200 colleges will participate in a telegraphic ardhery thurnamerit at 7 o’clock this morriirig. About fifteen co-eds are entered in the local contest to be held on the archery range. The eight archers scoring the greatest number of points will represent the Univeraity in the tournament.
..17
16
.681
.15
14
;617
..17
.18
.486
.10
16
.400
.. 7
26:
.212
■4
■■4- -
► 4'
YESTERDAY^S RESULTS' > 4- > : -f; , : ^ ^ 4
NATIONAL LEAGUE Philadelphia, 16; New York, 0. St. Louis, 11; Pittsburgh, 4. . Brooklyn, 4: Boston, 8. AMERICAN LEAGUE Chicago, 6 ; St. Louis, 8.
Detroit, 18 ; Clevelarid, 10.
.4- 4--: ■4>'-4'-'.^4-..^ 4- :4-,'4^'^4' >/ '4*.:
^ NATIONAL LEAGUE Boston at Brppkhm. ^ Philadelphia at New York. Pittsburgh at Cincihhati. Chieagp at St, Louis.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
St. Louis at Chicago (double-header). Detroit at Cleveland. New York at Philadelphia. / Washington at Boston.
Tau Kappa Epsilon
Tau Kappa Epsilon announces the pledging of P. W. Cox, Mishawaka.
4- 4- 4^ 4" 4- 4- 4- 4- ■f’ 4^ 4BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS 4 4 4 4,4 4 4 4 4 4 4 NATIONAL LEAGUE
ON ALL
W.
L.
St. Louis
...20
10
.667
New York..
19
12
.618
Pittsburgh
...16
14
.683
Chicago
.—..........16
16
.600
Cincinnati............ ..
16
17
.469
Boston
14
17
.461
Brooklyn..
......18
19
.406
Philadelphia..
....18
21
.882
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pci.
New York.... u
.22
11
.667
Boston
28
12
.667
Detroit............
..........19
14
,676
SMABT APPASEL FOR MEN OPPOSITE THE MARS THEATRE
WASH SLACKS
$1.95 $2.50 $2.95
WOOL slacks
$3.95 $5.00 $6.50 $7.50
322 Main St.
ip
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 FRATERNITY TENNIS • 4,4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 Today, 1 o’clock CLASS “B” DOUBLES Phi Kappa Psi ys. Sigma Chi. Kappa Sigma ys. Tau Epsilon Phi. 2 (o’clock Alpha Tau Omega vs. (Phi Kappa Psi Or Sigma chi). Sigma Nu (Kappa Sigma or Tau Epsilon Phi).
Toledo TJ. Plans To Probe Radicalism
Toledo, Ohio—(AGP)—A “Red hunt” is planned for the University of Toledo. The board of trustees last week ordered an inyestigation of the extent of radicalism. Board members said they did not believe there were Toledo instractorS; teaching communistic doctrines, hut added that they wanted to he sure.
8^^
GLEAN... SJUMWK-I'ABLE,.. GONVENIENTv v. LUXURIOUS TELEPHONE IN EACH KbOM. BEDS/MADE FOR HEALTHFUL, REFRESHING SLUMBER; Summer Se^ion $35.00 for entire eight weeks. Semester beginning in September, $100.00 Reservations are being taken for Summer School dna for next;
4, i
CORNER OF THE CAMPUS . ^ . CEN’imvOF ACl^^R.C
Jeweler end Optometrist S04 Main Street
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaii^ed and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Freshman Fngdneers—Students eaityin^ assignment bards, but net taking, engineer* ing lectures, should report to the head of the school in which they rlnn to enroll before
Bisk Dental Clinic PAUL A. lOSK ROBBS1' G. RISK HAROLD 3. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 40« Sdinlti BUg. PImmm VIM Ck»^er:iiUraiia iiain'
HAS everythin©; , : for a:-^.'’ college EDUGATION H G. REISNEIt
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tallbr 507 Main St.
Domer’s Flower Shop . Qnallty ipowera . . Mam at 7th " Phone 695®
Eron Flats State and Main.
Wanted—^Theses, term papers, etc., to t3rpe by experienced typist. Phone 46961.
Lost—Schaeffer eversharp, part of set Thursday nite at 9 in the east Study hall of library. Reward. Call Smith, 8076.
May 26 for a conference in 1986-37 schedule.
English 1 Studenta, Padt and Present—^ Students who have not yet made a passing grade in the punctuation and spelling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern theffi.: The. place is room. 101, Education Building; The time is 4 and 6 p^:m. as follows : punc.; . tuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enrolled 'in English 1 win need a removai-of-condition card in order: to he admitted to tM; examination. —WYKOFF.
-IDITS
A; Sa M. E. .i Members^Get magazines; :iuemherdUik bardS; 'and pins 'inrFihf.^L^^ oflEice. Kegrs; are hot: available.
^ Moth Proofing by MomteProce88..FomlPre8smg...MiiiCr ’ repairing—and, above all, perfect satisfaction.
Episebpai ah4 Presbjhieriail S>thdehts,^Ali those ;gping on picnic taeet in m lounge; of Union at; 2 tomorrow. V y: y ''' ;.y,—SBfSC0E.y
For A Summer Vacatipu—• Although thoughts of finals: are upperniOst in the minds of the co-eds right now, a few brave souls: are planning ahead to a summer vacatiOn^ and a drehm of summer indolence filters into the mind of the most ambitious. ClosO on the heels of vaca;tion plans conies the question, “What new clothes can I buy?” So, in case youVe lagged a bit in your perusal of the fashion magazines let us relate something about play clothes for vacations.
Dairy Studeiit»4-I)airy faculty: and sthdent ball game at 2 with picnic at^ on Ihtramu^: ral Field. Dairy fr^Kmen wim be admitted free bn schedhle cards. ‘ : • ;.y :^OHLOSSER.
Reamer Club—Either; bring money or reflectors to picnic tomorrow for final: checkup; r-KITGHEY.
mm
Glider Glub--Work at flight session today. Meet at garage at 1. O'NEAL.
Newman Club—-Meet in Union after 8 o’clock mass. Important, elections. . V-DOYLB.
Purdue Engineer—Office will be open until 4 today for those who have not yet paid their subscriptions. —JONES.
The greatest sensation in summer fabrics is sharkskin. It is a rayon or acetate woven to resemble a very heavy alpaca with a smooth slippery finish. It is called, by the manufacturers, Celbrook, Spprtex, Swordfish, Crepe Acacia, Bah^ Sharkskin, or Snark. This material comes in the whitest white imaginable, tailors beautifully, shows no wrinkles from packing, is washable and retains its freshness after countless trips to the laundry, and water has no effect on its press. Sharkskin is being used for shorts, play suits, pajamas shirtwaist dresses, and evening clothes. Best is particaularly fond of it and is showing a very attractive, long, white, double-breasted evening coat with “up” sleeves.
Debris—Get your Debris at the bSioe in the Union between 8-and 5 :80 today. —BRAYTON.
Final Examinations (Continued from page 1)
ME 244. MM 108. MT 8 ..... MT 18 .t. PE 161
..-All -..All
Phar 111 Phys 146 PM 110 ..
Another novelty among materials is washed out denim. Before being made up this fabric is washed 20 times, in order to insure the proper faded blue color and to make the garment pliable. Culottes, slacks, skirts and packets cOme in denim.
All...... ; I ,___AU ..... All..:.:........-.......;. All ..;™.A11
Period 2
MONDAY. MAY 26, 1-4 P. M. ; Divisions 8
A-II............. All...... ...—All .-All............ All..;.,...:.. -All All........... Ail... A-ll All..... ^^All.... ..-.-An............ ....™_A11 :.... All........;... All ™A11............ -All.... ...—..All ..All............ -All .All.....:..... ..—..All. ..... AIL AIL.
.All
CE 301
.... Ed 210 .... Ed 201
Ec 132 ......... Ed 18b Ed 111 Ed 112 ........ Ed 140 Ed 209 EE 144 EE 181 BE 202 . ;..... EE 261 Engl 120 .... Ent 32 Ent 101 ...... Ent 260........ PMgtYn .... F&N 184 .... For : 29 GE 112 ....... Geol 122 Gaol 125 ..... Math 126 ... ME 162 ME 178 ....... ME 192 ....... ME 193 .; ME;228 ....... ML 160a ML 170a Phar 137 ... Phys 126 ... PM 18;. PM 42
Course AD 62 AD 66 AE 18 AH 25 AM 102 B 4 .; B 136 B 188 B 164 ; GhE 106 Chem 1 Chem 264 ......... CE 112 CE 176 ............. CE 222 ............ DH 107 DH 114 Ed 17 ....;
Ed 107 Ed 6 ...... Ed 20i ........ Ed 202 ....... Ed 208 ........ EE 129 ........ EE 129 EE 129 EE 129
....... SC 14
....Heav202 ... Heav 202
Ed 128..:...;., BE: 20; .;.;...;. EE 246 .....;. Engl 112 ... En^ll6 Etigl 137 Blit; 6 'Fbtv41P&N 182 ... GE 103 Hort 18 IM 86 Ml 128....... ML 22 ......... ML 22 ML 42 AIL 42 ML 42 ML 42 ML 42 ......... ML 62
EE 120 Uiiiv 309 Hfort'liO ;-"'eb‘m4
ME 207 . ME 108 ME 207 ME 108 .... G 101 .... SC 14 , ME 207
■ML62!;;. MLl6i; MT 6 ;MT 16 PE 89 PE 42 A.. PEWSLPHG16 .... FbC Il4 Phar 80b> Phys; 2 Phys A .... Phys 2 Phys 2 -.. ;0Phy8;2 .... Fhys 22 :... Phys^ Phys 22 -.. Phy3 22 .... Phys 22 .... Phys 22 ....
:;A1L:; ;;.-AIL. -.All.. .AIL.;. ..Ail.: ..;.A1L. -..C,E... ...jx: ...JP:....:.;. ....A;ei,I.. .:..B...;;; ;-D,E.. .....P;. . UgH... ;..-J..
Bd20t Ed 201 EE 129
Ed:262 EA 208
Phar: 808 .....; CE SOI Chem 106 Phys 202 Phys 206 ... SC 211 ....„, G 201 Chem 106: SG21i G 102 ...CE201 Phys 202
.ME 2
Room . HE Aiid.
.... AE 201, 202 .... Ag 117, 118
SC IS
Ed 101
CE 301 GE 301
Milk is your best food—? it's packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
CE 201
EE 129
.......All 3DAY, MAY 26, 8-11 A. M,
Divisions AllAU..
All....... .—All.; ......All——...
AU.... ......AU.-. All..
Room
SC 211
♦
scan
CE 201
wishes , to thank each and all for their patronage. Farewell and lots of luck, Seniors.
Let US