%
A,
':4:
!»>'
©he Puriluc TSxaantnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1937
NUMBER 79
Dr. R. R. Wicks To Talk At Tomorrow’s Convo Dean Of Princeton University Chapel To Speak On ‘^Religion In A Secular World Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, speaking in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow at 10:30 a. m., at the January religious convocation, will talk on the subject, “Religion In A Secular World.” The University Choir of 125 voices will provide the music for the
service.
Dr. Wicks, who is dean of the Princeton University Chapel, has for many years been in close contact with students and the many problems of student lifHis activities among students have given him national rec-
ognition.
College Convocations Every year a number of colleges and universities ask Dr. Wicks to appear on lecture and convocation programs. He also preaches more or less regularly at many universities, including Harvard, Yale, Mt. Holyoke, Chicago, Cornell, Williams and Wellesley. As a result of his contact with many hundreds of students. Dr. Wicks has published a book, “The Reason For Living,” in which he attempts to answer some of their
problems.
Future Farmers Honor Fourteen Fourteen Indiana Members of the Future Farmers of America, an organization of farm boys of high school age, were raised to the degree of Hoosier Farmer last night as one of the features of the annual state convention of the organization that was in progress here yesterday and today. Approximately 226 members representing 60 chapters are attending the‘''meetings.
January 16, 1937 SENIOR co-eds at Pennsylvania State College have declared that marriage and a career cannot be successfully combined. An overwhelming majority of the 190 girls that took part in the poll agreed that a career after marriage was not fair to needy, single girls out of work ... or to the husband . . . —30— IMAGINE covering 11,800 miles to go to school! From China? India ? Turkey ? No... some students at the University of Kentucky live only 30-odd miles from the campus but they commute daily. One of the fellows estimates that he uses 786 gallons of gas during the school year .. . —30— “MAN bites dog” is an old story to most of us, yet here is the latest version: Ray Billy, of Red Wing, Minnesota, tried to capture a “lib-erty-loving” weasel. As all good weasels will do in similar circum stances, this oUe wrapped its mouth around Billy’s hand. All efforts to pry him loose were in vain, so Billy, not to be outdone, bit him hard . until the animal passed out! Journalism doffs its hat to you, sir. -—30 MAYBE if the burglar who looted a fraternity house at the University of Southern California had been an Olympic stay, he would have gotten away. He ran down the dark street as fast as he could go, but faster footsteps gained on him. Before he got a. block away, he was tackled from behind by Harold Smallwood . , . national 400-meter champion! —30— SAYS a professor in the College of the City of New York: “An instructor is a fussy old maid of either sey.” ONE of the world’s most complete newspaper files is owned by the University of Chicago. The issues of the Lohdon Chronicle date back to 1758 ,,.
Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, who will address the January religious convocation tomorrow morning at o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall
Annual Ag Meet Closes Conference Sets Attendance Record Of 7,000 With attendance for the week hovering around 7,000, an all-time high, Indiana farmers and homemakers brought the annual agricultural conference to a close yesterday with a program dedicated to organization and social activities of rural communities. Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the University education department and Dr. D. E. Lindstrom, University of Illinois, took prominent parts in the closing program. Throughout the program, business and professional interests, social education,, and religious interests were stressed. Elections Four agricultural organizations held their elections yesterday and the following officers were named: L. E. Hoffman, president of the Agriculture Alumni Association; Harry Stamp, president of the Indiana Draft Horse Breeders’ Association; Everett Beatty, president of the Indiana State Dairy Association; and E. S. Priddy, president of the Indiana Hereford Association.
Monon To Run Game Special
A special Monon basketball train will leave Lafayette at 3:30 p. m. tomorrow, arriving in Bloomington at 6 p. m., to enable those who wish to view the Purdue-Indiana game, to get to the scene of combat. The train will consist of three coaches and a combination smoker and baggage car. Round trip tickets will be priced at $3.10 if the railroad company is assured of the sale of 26 tickets, and they will be valid upon any train until January 26. The chief factors which necessitated the running of the special train are the unfavorable travelling conditions which prevail throughout the state. The roads between here and Bloomington are blocked because of flood conditions. In addition to the special, there will be a regular train to Bloomington, leaving here at 12:38 p. m. and arriving there at 3:27 p. m.
Scrivener Elects Members of the Scrivener Club, University literary society, at a meeting held in Professor Sutcliff’s home Thursday evening, elected A. A. Radkey president of the organization to replace Fred Verber, who will graduate at the end of the semester. J. E. Brock was elected editor of the club’s publication, Scrivener, to fill the post of Ray Blocker, who is also graduating.
Mrs. Creek Reviews Autobiography “Three Worlds,” Carl Van Doren’s autobiography, was reviewed by Mrs. H. L. Creek at the meeting of the women’s section of the English Club last night at her home. To the men’s group. Prof. A. H. Monroe presented a paper, “Quantitative Measurement Of Speech Effectiveness,” which endeavored to prove that by polling audiences a measure could be made of the effectiveness of the taddress.
Friendly
Golden-voiced “Jo” Friend, featured vocalist with Bud Bryant’s orchestra, appearing in the Memorial Union ballroom tonight at the regular weekly mixer.
Wabash Over River Road Muddy waters spread across the North River road yesterday as the Wabash River continued to rise out of its banks. At 3 p. m. the water had passed flood stage with a reading of 18.7 feet, almost four feet above flood level. A precipitation of .72 inches between 7 a. m. Thursday and 7 a. m. Friday brought the total rainfall for the first 16 days of January up to 4.6 inches. T. W. Hill, University weather bureau observer, stated last night that the river would probably reach 21 feet before it begins to recede. Falling temperatures indicate there will be no immediate additional rainfall to swell the water above this limit. Last yeay’s flood high level was 28l6 feet.
Unbeaten Boilermakers Battle Indiana Tonight Cager Young Will Vie With CrimsonWhite Guw> ning For High Point Honors
PROBABLE LINEUPS PURDUE POSITION Sines or Anderson F. Young F Seward C Malaska G. Downey G
INDIANA Gunning: — Johnson Fechtmatt Andres Huffman
Contrary to yesterday’s announcement regarding radio broadcast of tonight’s hardwood battle at Indiaqa, WIND, of Gary, will not broadcast the entire game, but will broadcast only the last half, going on the air at 8:15. WBOW, of Terre Haute will broadcast the entire game.
Frosh Candidates Address Opponents And Others
By W. M. Anthony At least 75 per cent of the'freshman candidates for Student Senate and possibly some other students jammed Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon for the senate rally. Each candidate in turn introduced himself to the audience (composed to a great extent of other candidates) and expressed his views on campus affairs along with his plans if he is elected to the senate. The topics discussed included improving the student-faculty relations, a longer Thanksgiving holiday, and re-revival of the no-smok-ing tradition. Candidates showed political possibilities in their treatment of most of the issues. No Smoking Joe Quinlan, science student, in speaking on the no-smoking tradition, definitely asseyted “K the students approve of it, then I approve of it!” He also declared that his policy Would be to seek out student
opinion instead of forcing students to come to him. Mary Ed Jphnston said, “The Exponent dubbed me ‘irrational’ but evidently others had more confidence in me. I shall try to live up to that confidence.” By the time the Home Ec candidates were given the floor, most of the important issues had already been brought out, but Frances Raebig opened her campaign with a broad smile that drew a big hand from the audience.
Programs Continue Music room recorded programs will continue as usual during finals, was the announcement made yesterday by the music room committee. These programs are held every day except Saturday and Simday from 12 to 1 p. m. and from 4 to 7 p. m.
team, who finished just behind Bob Kessler of Purdue last year in the scoring race, a real battle for high point honors of the game. While Indiana has lost one game to Illinois this year, they are still considered as one of the title contenders. The Bloomington school has one of the toughest schedules in the Big Ten—^but so has Purdue,
WAA Shuffleboard Tournament Ends Dorothy Ne-wman and Virginia Blank defeated Sara Alice McIntosh and Kathfyn Merritt in the finals of the W. A. A. Shuffleboard tournament at 4 o’clock yesterday with a score of 31 to 15. All four of the finalists are sophomores. Fifty couples have competed in the tournament.
Purdue’s undefeated basketball squad is meeting the Cream and Crimson quintet tonight at Bloomington with full expectations of keeping their record clean. This is the opening game of the series with Indiana; the return game being played at Purdue during the second semester.
Young vs. Gunning
With the idea of keeping his team in the conference race and keeping his lead in the Big Ten scoring race Jewell Young, sharp-shooting Purdue forward, will give Kenneth Gunning, co-captain of Indiana’s
Social Disease Films Coming Next Tuesday Talkies Will Be Shown Four Times In Eliza Fowler Hall “Damaged Lives” and “Science And Disease,” talking motion pictures on venereal diseases, will be shown free four times during Tuesday and Wednesday of next week in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. S. J. Miller, of the student health service, announced last night. Each showing, composed of four reels, will last one hour. Freshman military students, only, will be admitted to Fowler Hall for the first presentation, at 11 o’clock Tuesday morning. At 4 p. m. of the same day and at 11 o’clock Wednesday morning the pictures will be shown for all men. For Women Only Only women will be permitted for a showing of the motion pictures at 11 a. m. Wednesday. These films have never been shown on the University campus before. Dr. Miller said. This is the first time that talking pictures on venereal diseases have been shown,
he added.
'‘Lectures on venereal disease to freshmen military students and the
Ags To Register For Short Course Registration for the eight-week winter course in agriculture that opens Monday is expected to exceed last year’s 24-year high mark of 168, V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the school of agriculture states. Additional scholarships have made it possible; for a large number of aspiring young men to make tentative registration. Numerous applications for registration have come from adjoining states as well as from most of the coimties in Indiana. Courses in general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production, and dairy manufactures are being offered.
Band Presents “Big Drum” Concert Tonight
All freshman military students should report directly to Eliza Fowler Hall at 11 o’clock next Tuesday. There will be no formation in the Armory, and sophomore, junior, and senior R. O. T. C. students will not be asked to report at that time.
showing of similar pictures last year definitely reduced the number of venereal cases on the campus,” Dr. Miller stated. Pictures From New York The films are being furnished by the American Social Hygiene Association of New York. Children under 16 years of age will not be permitted to see the pictures.
June 13 Is Definite Commencement Date According to a statement by Professor Stone, of the Commencement committee. Commencement dayjis Jime 13 instead of the previously scheduled June 15. This announcement is made in the interest of the seniors who expressed uncertainty concerning the date of Commencement.
Some of the best known and most popular compositions in classical music as well as two special numbers will be featured by the Purdue Symphonic Band in its concert which will be presented in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium tonight at 8:30 p. m. in order to raise money to pay for repairs that are needed by Purdue’s famous “Big Drum,” now rendered useless by time, weather, and long use. Professor P. S, “Spots” Emrick,
Program Don Juan .Mozart Triplets of the Finest—Cornet Trio.... P. Henneberg Danse Macabre Camille Saint-Saena Finlandia — Jean Sibelius Le Secret—-Xylophone Solo John Hazel Marche Slave Tschaikow^y
director of the famous organization has announced a triple-tongueing comet trie ehd m gyiophoue soh^
by Fred Baase. The Symphonic Band has been greatly improved in recent years,
according to annoimcements from band headquarters, because of the addition of new instruments and the employment of more nearly perfect instrumentation. Tickets for the concert, which is the first to be given by the band this year, are priced at fifty cents for adults and twenty-five cents for children Special student tickets mny ho purchased tor twenty five cents at Kienly’s, Decker’s, McLeipi’S, Ueac’s.
Continued Cold By Tempy Hie fixponent Weather Moom
It seems to me that the Weather Man goes about his business much in the same manner as many of our “esteemed professors.” The W. M. sends, rain ... so much you ttdnk you have water on the brain . , % while the profs lecture in such a way that you know you have water on the brain. Then the Weather Man freeses the water and makea it sliek under foot.,. hui the prel^ come hack with tosts and put the skids under yom 1 ask yeu, “Is that justice?” Np lK>pe--the westhar ,wiU. be eedd and perbape a bttla i snow-
I 4 r'‘if''-’
''''''' ’■ ' ' ' Page Two
s •■}!/. i:p« " ‘ ,«w;
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, January 16,1937
The Editor Says
Scholastic Honesty With final examinations rapidly creeping up on an almost totally unprepared student body, it Would now be proper to discuss the subject of scholastic honesty, especially as a warning to freshmen of the consequences of cheating. Cribbing or other forms of dishonesty are severely frowned upon, and those offenders caught in the act are given stiff punishments. Most students think little or nothing of dishonest practices, except to more or less subconsciously brand the habitual cheat as a contemptible sneak. Perhaps because almost everyone has been guilty of at least some slight bit of scholastic dishonesty in his twelve to sixteen years of school, the person who cheats only under some severe pressure, and who is normally honest, is not condemned ; often he is aided. While the honor system is not in effect here, it being thought impracticable, quite often opportunities for dishonesty present themselves, even in finals. While all instructors are told to report cheating, and keep a watchful eye on those taking the exams, some of them fail to be as vigilant as they should. But when cases do come up before the committee for the promotion of honesty in student work, very severe penalties may be imposed. Ranging from the addition of an extra course to the requirements for graduation to expulsion from the University, these penalties should be a deterrent to scholastic dishonesty. If the committee decides to give more publicity to its work, the application of these penalties would be more effective in really promoting student honesty. Also to be considered is the effect of the work of the ^heater on the grade of every person in the class. Grading on a percentage basis, as many instructors do, means that, for each letter higher that a cheater achieves, an honest person is deprived of the opportunity of making that grade. This should most certainly be given thought before the actions of the dishonest person are condoned.
A Reader’s Opinion in this column tells the thoughts of one student about this important matter of scholastic honesty. Unsolicited, it represents an excellent opinion of the effect of other students’ dishonesty on the grades of an honest student.
The Exponent toeleomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Honesty
To the Editor: This is a plea that certain of our instructors be nlore strict during the coming examinations. Right or wrong, this school does not have the honor system. Final examinations count a great deal towards our final grades in most courses. Often the final examination tells the tale of passed or failed or even of distinguished or 4.999. It is absolutely unfair to the honest student for any instructor to be at all lax in his “policing” of the examination room or to be careless or idiotic enough to allow Boilermakers to go “out for a smoke” during an examination. When any percentage of a class raises its grade by cheating it is obvious that the relative standing of the honest group of students is lowered. Dishonesty is taken lightly enough here in our school when it harms no one, but let the dishonest student once get a doubtful grade on a paper and then listen to the “sound and the fu^’ of it. Some few of our teachers could afford to read the faculty rules as to how examinations are to be carried on, and then “Lead us not into temptation.”—^Ward Greiner.
die $urtiue exponent
Founded In 1881
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COIXEGIATE PRESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
REPUSBNTBO BOR NATIONAU AOVBRTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, n. Y. CHICAOO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO L,08 Anoelbs • Portland - Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the iiost office, Lafayette. Indiana. Delivered by maU. $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by aingle c<q>y. 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Buainees Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue UniTersity
Editor>in>ChIef_
EDITOBIAL STAFF
ManaKing Editor .Ei. H. Morris Afcoeiste Editon JC. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster. _ , R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore AssisUnts W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey.
J. A. Chapin, 3. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
B. H. Kellogg, K, B. O’Neil,
Editor Associate Editors-
Advertising Manager..
WOMENS STAFF Helen Creecb —Jeanhe Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke ——JBetty Barnett,
Business Managw..
BUSINESS STAFF
National Advertising Manager...... Local Advertising Manager.
CmulatioD Manager.
..B. J. Hulse
L. H. Brown
.J). O. MUler
..J. P. Girard
Editor.
SPOBTS STAFF
L. D. Wood
Aaeeeiate Edifane—wl H. FifldAS. Corigitlis',‘'BrR ObenXata
1mm Editor—^H. I. Stonbodk.
“Tradition” To the Editor:
There appeared in Wednesday’s “Exponent” a most disturbing note “In Defense of Smoking.” To date that article has gone unchallenged. I feel it necessary, however, that there be a word said in behalf of tradition and the movement of the Student Senate. True it is that the principal by-word of the drive has been “Tradition,” which, in itself, may sound, perhaps is, weak. We must realize, however, that tradition is only one factor in the “No Smoking” movement. I am sorry to note that Mr. Mack upholds the sanctity of the freshmen “who have the pourage to do as they please and smoke on the campus.” What if we all adopted the “do as I please attitude?” Is it courage which makes us defy law? Is it courage which makes us flaunt convention? On the contrary, such freshmen as these, or any others so inclined, lack the character which makes for desirable members of the University. Just a word in defense of the use of the word “tradition” in the present anti-smoking drive. To avoid argument at the present> let us admit the possibility of the invalidity of tradition as a guiding factor in a society of any kind—^which classification would include a society such as Purdue. By that admission then, we laugh at society itself which is little more than the compilation of many traditional conventions. We mock the observance of Christmas, Easter, Thanksgiving, Valentine Day and all the rest, because they are merely traditional celebrations. We even scorn marriage because it, too, is only a tradition. In the face of such evidence in favor of the observance of tradition, should we not retract our admission now and replace it by a statement favoring the continuance of worth-while tradition? The tradition in question is a worthy one—it does enhance the appearance of our campus. If, however, pride is insufficient reason, then let us look upon this abstinence as a means of developing self-control and character. Shall we admit that we are such slaves that we cannot refrain when occasion demands? The development of character, being a prime motive in a college education, is certainly a valid argument in favor of falling in line with those who are trying admirably to maintain our “No Smoking” tradition. Let’s not be so everlastingly practical that we lose sight of the less tan^ble but equally valuable side of our college life—^that of loyalty to it and its traditions. Let’s not cheer on the violator by shouting “bravo”—but rather instill into him or her that lesson in self-control, and honor for our traditions. —^Douglass C. Harvey.
It looks like Pi Kappa Phi DON ^MUMLLrEK ^as danced inito the heart of WRH annexer RUTHIE HAWKINS for she is now broken down under the added burden of carrying around his pin,. . .
No man can serve two Chi O's
To the Kappas, who so rudely and bluntly asked your editor not to make any trouble in their new house Thursday night, when your editor had entered on a purely business mission—you will suffer the next time your editor enters your house at a similar time—^there will be &’!?|(@ popping—^by the way that entrance will be soon . . .
BILLY FEIGHNER’S days of play and stuff are over—^he has finally admitted that he got himself tied down to a home town—^no it’s not an engagement—^just putting out a worthless Kappa Sig pin . . .
We have never heard of the ab-sent-minded professor who forgot to flunk anyone . . .
It is probably a joke being pulled by some of PIA big shot HERSH’S friends ? ? ? but if it isn’t a joke it gives all honors for the prize sucker club to him ... the members of Sigma Alpha Mu are spreading it around that one of their illustrious members has^planked his pin upon GERTRUDE ROSENFELD, the little gal who came here from the University of Illinois just to be with her HERMAN—^if these reports are true, and they seem to be, “big shot’ HERSH had better crawl into the well known hole and pull it in after him for the rest of the winter . . ,
No Smoking—^Yes Or No?
To the Editor:
..W. T. Hunt
Far be it from my purpose to attempt to alter the feeling which exists in regard to Purdue traditions, for I am not a reformer, but it was my recent pleasure to read an editorial in this paper which was written as a prqtest against the present no smoking tradition; at the bottom of the column, however, the contributor’s feeling was excused by the editor on the ground that Mr. Mack had done his undergraduate work away from Purdue; therefore, it was concluded that he was not aware of the strong sentiment which surrounds our traditions. May L with perhaps a slight degree of shocking ignorance, ask what
sentiment?
I have a strong suspicion that Mr. Mack was quite correct in his editorial where he inferred that the strong sentiment that the editor referred to is only strong on the part of a few individuals and organizations who cer tainly do not express the feeling of our five thousands students when they cry, “down with smoking on the campus!” Now it happens that I rarely smoke any place other than within the four walls of my own rooming place, but I would not be so narrow as to attempt to force my views upon the entire student body by surrounding said views with the holiness and reverence of a tradition Neither, however, would I be one to discard a thing as old as this evidence of an aged and rapidly dying fight against smoking; so might suggest that rather than quibble further over the matter we appeal to the Student Senate for an opportunity to express our be liefs (or rather Purdue’s beliefs) in a fair, representative, and sane manner. In other words, let us fight not for or against a no smoking tradition, but rather for an opportunity of de ciding exactly how ^eatly on our campus this beautiful bit of antiquity really is. Surely if the broadminded supporters of our no smoking tradition are as convinced of the popularity of their pet as they would seem to be, they would not begrudge us an attempt to abide by the will of that truly representative body, the student body.—Joe Rittenhouse,
TRY IT (BET YOU CAN’T) A certain young chappee named Beebee Wished to wed with a lady named Phoebe. “But,” he said, “I must see What the clerical fee Be before Phoebe be Phoebe Beebee.” —Cop-ed.
WILLIAM WEARLY, the captivating young blonde Beta who has up to this time been so horribly and imj'ustly agin the varmin, is reputed by his roommate, DANNY “The Bull” MORSE, to be inclined toward, kinda like, a little damsel in Logansport who he shoved the night of the Beta Christmas dance •it gets ’em all, BILLY, so come out of your shell and admit that she’s got ya—he’ll probably try to deny it, boys—^you know, bashful..
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary feen.
This little item is the hottest art' icle that has touched my Angers in
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LAST DAY
M-G-M Presents
with JOHN BARRYMORE And Briniant Cait
ALL SEATS RESERVED Box Office Open 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P.M. Matinee 55o—33c Night 55c—830-—$1.10 TAX INCLUDED
GklN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“I just can’t get around to asking Mr. Cheshire what his intentions are—’cause then I’d have to give back this bracelet.”
weeks—some time last fall the following junk was written by one C. J. CAMP, a sophomore in the chemical school and member of the Cary Club, to a little damsel named HILDA at MacMurray College, at Jacksonville, Illinois, and was given to your editor through several indirect routes . . . Quote:—“It’s news to me that some Purdue U.- men are going to Mac. If you want to catch one you won’t have much trouble; most of your difficulties will come when you want to get rid of him. These Purdue students are persistent animals when it comes to women; beware!” Now we come to his idea of Purdue co-eds: “Believe it or not there are some good-looking co-eds here this year. So far I have seen not less than three girls that are really beautiful, and many more that would pass in varying degrees of darkness. Naturally, all the good looking co-eds are freshwomen, so the sophomores (as well as the
The thinhiiiar fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occaoions 26c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
juniors and seniors) would be having a good run for their money jf the men weren’t so much in evidence. At present the enrollment (Continued on page 4)
ARC
SUNDAY—MONDAY ROGER PRYOR GRACE BRADLEY
in
“SITTING ON THE MOON” —and— MELVIN DOUGLAS MARY ASTOR
“AND SO THEY WERE MARRIED”
—Pins— “MARCH OF TIME”
LAST TIMES TODAY
‘ALIAS JOHN LAW”
‘LAST JOURNEY”
“DARKEST AFRICA”
MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
AT LAST!
The sequel to the original “Thin Man"! Same author, same stars... but twice as many thrills... twice as muchhilarious hinl
1) . J} ’s.'',’” V j'i, ■#,«.
j$atujrdfty, JaniiAyy. 16^ 19^7
MtWa
THE PtTRPtyBS EXPONEyfT
NET SQUAD MEETS ILUNI MONDAY
niinqis Crew Pinning Hopes On Sophomore Game With Squad That Defeated Indiana Will Mark Final Encounter Before Examinations PROBABLE LINEUPS PURDUE POSITION ILLINOIS Sines or Anderson F Boudreau Young F Conibes Seward C Riegel Malaska i. G Henry Downey J G Vopicka OFFICIALS—^Referee, Feezle, Indianapolis; Umpire, ^Jraig,
Illinois Wesleyan.
Coming right on the heels of the series opener with Indiana, Purdue's colorful basketball combination is expected to be pressed to the limit here Monday night as it tackles the highflying Illinois aggregation in a game that will bring the Boilermakers' court activities to a close for the first semester. Fol-
lowing the tilt with Illinois the
Boilermakers will turn their attention to mid-semester examinations and will not resume their hardwood activities until Wednesday night, February '3, when they will invade South Bend to meet Notre Dame. Keep ’Em On The Run The question of relative speed is apt to determine the outcome of
RAIN OR SHINE PURDUE STUDENTS READ EVERY LINE OF THE EXPONENT
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters ' 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
the series opener with the highscoring Illinois crew. Although Purdue’s successes so far this season have been ascribed to .the “keep ’em on the run” policy of the fastbreaking Boilermakers, the invaders, who soundly trounced Indiana last Monday, are likewise advocates of the fast-break, and many Big Ten critics are of the opinion that Coach Doug Mills’ aggregation will be more than able to hold its own in the speed department. The Illini, with uouureau as sensational scoring sophomore, have been setting an exceptional pace in mid-western hardwood circles, and a free-scoring offensive type
game is in prospect.
Kessler, Lambert, Wooden Return Here Tomorrow Bob Kessler, Purdue’s All American high scoring net star of last year, will return to Lafayette tomorrow afternoon along with his team-mate of last year, Austin “Red” Lambert, and Johnny Wooden, Purdue star of six years ago, in a professional game at the Lafayette Armory at 3 o’clock. They will represent the Kautsky quintet of Indianapolis in a contest with the Peerless five of Lafayette.
MARS
ieldejr’s.... ....choice —„.By Bob Walpole—
Dem nice of station WIND to broadcast that game tonight . . . for those who are unable to make the trip to Bloomington, it will be plenty nice to be able to listen to Purdue match dribbles and shots with Indiana . . . —fc— Let’s say again ^ . . Purdue is going into the game with its eyes open ... a win over Indiana on their own court will drop- the Hoosiers, in all probability, from a chance of another title ... a victory for Indiana over the Boilermakers (from the pessimistic angle) would put the two teams neck-and-neck, but the Old Gold and Black quintet would have the advantage of the return game on the home floor.. —^fc— Illinois meets those hard-driving lowans tonight in a game that is as much a' toss-up as our game . . . Iowa has fought point for point with both Indiana and Purdue, finally losing out to both teams by a mere four points . . . Iowa beat the experienced Northwestern crew in an upset . .. Iowa wiU be ready for another win, and so will Illinois ... the outcome? ... you guess .. . —^fc— Monday night Illinois plays here . . . true, the Illini were as hot as a little red hen against Indiana, and if they should be in the same condition against Purdue, the game will be no picnic . . .
Famous Billiardist Praises Prodigy Charles C. Peterson, patron saint of college billiards as well as a champion fancy and trick billiardist, on receiving word about “Major” Cohee’s phenomenal run of 217 points in straight rail billiards, promptly wired Major as follows: “Congratulations. Keep up your good work. And take Ingleman with you. Don’t let Hoppe, Schaefer or Cochrane stop you. Three cheers for Purdue.”
As part of the prom publicity stunt at Northwestern University, 30 co-eds recently drove around the campus in new 1937 model automobiles.
Statisticians at Kansas State Teachers College have found that the college coffee shop serves more than 39,000 meals in a year.
Metz Elected I-M Manager/ Boyd, Williams Named For Sophomore Jobs Elections were held last night at the Intramural office to select the sophomore intramural managers for next fall. The job is for one semester only, elections being held in the spring for the second semester managers. First choice went to Charles Metz Phi Kappa Sigma. C. C. Boyd, Beta Theta Pi, was second choice, and Hall Williams was selected as an alternate. Freshmen desiring the job as intramural manager for the second semester should report at the intramural office the first Monday after the second semester begins.
Ward 15 Captures Inter-Ward Swim Championship Ward 16 drove its way to the Ward swimming championship on Thursday afternoon by amassing 29 points in seven events to Ward 7’s 14 points and Ward 9’s third place total of 13 points. Ward 7 was helped a long way towards its position as runner-up by C. A. Wallace who was the high scorer in the meet taking seconds in the 40 yard free style, the 220 yard free style, and fancy di-ving. D. Gridley of Ward 9 was right on Wallace’s heels with eight points by virtue of a first place in the 100 yard back stroke and a second in the 100 yard free style. The man who accumulated the third highest total of points was T. A, Harris of Ward 5 who took a first in the 100 yard free style and a third in the 40 yard free style. •
Winter Sportsmen Have Ski Chute For the benefit of -winter sports enthusiasts, a ski chute hds been erected at the south end of Intramural kield. The slide is a formidable frame structure which slopes directly to the ground. There is no jump. The skiers or bob-sled riders coast down the chute and out onto the field. Skis have been ordered by the intramural department, and may be checked out at the Memorial Gylnnasium. Chief Clevett stated; “Now all we’re waiting for is several inches of snow.”
—NOW PLAYING— Ricardo Cortez—June Travis —in— ‘THE CASE OF THE BLACK CAT” —Plus— Phil Regan—Happy Go Lucky
SUNDAY—MONDAY—TUESDAY—WEDNESDAY
MID-NITE SHOW SAT. 11:30
^hl you 6qo in all the uds yoaS yunntny j^ot a milltonahol
There** a doieen hearty Huroht and a hundred laugh* ki tU* reddes* romance of a fiMhion. MYmonD SOTHERn
With HELEN BRODERICK
Pull Youmlf Together for the LAugh of Vour Life, end a Heart-Filling Eyeful of Beautiful Aniu the Newest star in Hollywood’s Blue Heaven I Also— NewS'Comedy
—Extra— The March of Time
WAA Bowling Practice Starts January 50 Practices for the W. A. A. intramural bowling tournament of the second semester -will '’be held January 30 to February 8. Any girl ■wishing to take part in the tournament must play at least two games
dtning this period and record her score on the card in the bowlii^ alleys.
Chancellor H. W. Chase of New York University reports that there were 40,549 enrollees at the institution dnring the 1935-1930 school year.
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main Sc., Lafayette
SPECIAL Vor the Remainder of the School Year R* O. T. C., Band and Officers' Uniforms CLEANED AND PRESSED
57c
Shirts 10c, Ties Ic, Belt Ic, Overseas Caps 1, When Sent in With Uniforms PHONE 3085 American Laundry Attend the Purdue Band Concert at Jeff High School Saturday, January 16th.
fFDrking .^ard before ianals.^
Many of us are. And in cramming all our work into these few days before the semester ends, we may think we can go the limit without relaxation. It's a good thing now and then to take an hour off and forget about studies. There is no better way to keep from going stale than to spend an hour or so in the Billiard Room of the Union. Here may be had the best of equipment at moderate prices. You*ll enjoy this fascinating game!
lliatJ,
aam.
Downstairs la die
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Comer of Carnpm^Cemee of Aohhy
■ - ‘ “it: -SiTHE PURDUE
SoturtWr. Jattuaf^r 18. iM?
/
Mitiiiiiiffi
IriUHlUiWaiitfAbiiMlttUi.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St^ Phone 2779.
This Week’s Special—Maple Nut and New York. Chamberlin Ice Cream Co. Phone 3024.
For Rent—Room for one or two girls. 331 West Oak street. Phone 36743.
Lost—Log-log deci-trig slide rule Name on case. Reward. Call Ottenweller, 71792. J
For Sale—Corona portable typewTiter. Call 2114 for Bill between 7 p. m. and 8 p. m.
Room and Board—^At 227 Wood street. Phone 3213.
Glider Club—^Flight echedales are posted in garage , —FARWELL.
Gym Lockers—Lockers may now be purchsi^ for the second semester. Those now holding lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take them with $1 to Cashier’s Office in New Administration Building before noon, January 80, 1937 and get receipt. Return this receipt and refund slip to check-out window for renewal. Those wishing to vacate lockers must do so by noon, January 80, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be given in Room 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 30, 8 to 11 o’clock. —POORMAN.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
^RVICE _ _ OMce ^ SUHonery. Wedding invitation!
PHONE - Book,. Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408rERRy
Cl.
tmes(
By OUVE SCUATZLEY
Pistol Team—^No practice until 4 p. m. February 4. Return magazines to supply room at once. —KAY.
Graduate Forum—Dr. Lanezos will lead January 17 on the subject, “Freedom And Democracy,” at the Wesley Foundation at om JO auijooui jsBt aiij si snjx -ui a 08=9 forum until next semester. —WOODSON.
R. O. T. C.—All freshmen report direct to Eliza Fowler Hall at 11 a. m. Januaiy 19 No formation in the Armory. —HAYFORD
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym before February 8. —SHAFFER
Dr. Arthur Ansel Metcalf, professor of secondary education at Michigan State Normal College was once a cow-puncher.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Perry St.
Opposite Post Office
Class Dance Instruction Not Too Late To Enroll BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, JAN. 20 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED Friday Jan. 21, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150
JLHsTI 6th & Ferry
KEYS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks.
Auto keys and handle locks a spe-
cialty,
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 1%,^ Lafayette, Ind.
s hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
How are you
doing it—??
Lafayette’s leading merchants contact Purdue Students through the medium of
The
EXPONENT
Presbyterian Students: At 9:30 Sunday morning Dr. Graves will conduct a discussion on “Poverty And Wealth Prom The Standpoint Of Jesus.” The period will close in time to permit the students to attend the convocation program in Fowler Hall. At 10:46 Dr. Graham will preach on “What Does Good Will Require Of Us?” Sunday Evening Club will meet at 6:16. Following the supper, a candlelight devotional service will be conducted under the direction of the Westminister Girls’ Club.
Baptist Students: Prof. T. K. Noss will speak to the class at its regular time. At the morning service Rev. J. B. Gleason will speak on “What Is The Church?” Freshmen will have charge of the social hour tomorrow evening at 5:30. Supper will be served at 6:00 p. m. Russell Carlson will continue the discussion, “Boy And Girl PreMarriage Questions.”
Methodist Students: The Sunday School classes will meet as usual at 9:30. Mrs. MePadden will teach the co-ed class at the Foundation House, continuing the lessons on the Book of Mark. Rev. McFadden will teach the men’s class on “Becoming Real Christians.” Rev. Steele will preach on “The Attractive Church” at the regular morning worship service. There will be a Fellowship hour and supper at 5:00 at the Foundation House. Dr. Snyder of the Evangelism Campaign Stalf will speak at Epworth League on “The Christian Opportunity Of Winning One’s Friends To Christ.”
Christian Students: Sunday school period starts at 9:30, and Herman Berry will talk to the students’ class at 10. Reverend Mullen’s sermon for the morning service will be upon the topic, “The Art Of Worship.” Christian Endeavor will begin at 6:30, with a social hour followed by a luncheon; the regular discussion will begin at 6:30. At the evening service at 7:30, Reverend Mullen will talk upon, “Jesus Answers Questions.”
Ibn Cav^t /magine
The improvements that have been made recently in the Dry Cleaning Industry. x
Of the recent improvements we have adopted . . . Cleaning of SUEDE JACKETS so that the color is even and the Garcjient is soft and lustrous .... HATS refinished in a manner that itiakes them repellent to water .... MONITE moth proofing that protects the Garment against moth damage.
Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Registration February 2-3
Printed Oass Schedules
At Registrar’s Office
Episcopal Students—Members of the Young Peoples’ Fellowship have been invited to a buffet supper at the Rectory, 636 Ferry street, at 6 p. m. Sunday evening. There will be the usual services in the Church at 8 and 10:45 a. m.
Catholic Students—The regular monthly breakfast meeting -in St. Mary’s School Hall after Holy Communion at 9:30 o’clock Mass. Father Rothermel will address the meeting on his experiences in Mexico.
Delta Sigs Join Theta Chi’s
Members of the Theta Chi fraternity, now living at 608 Waldron street, announced sresterday that they would move into the Delta Sigma Lambda house, 369 Vine street, which will henceforth be known as the Theta Chi fraternity. Early this month, due to action taken by the national organizations of these two fraternities, the Theta Chi’s formally absorbed the Delta Sigma Lambda chapter here. This action brings the membership of the new Theta Chi chapter to 62. Initiates
The following men were initiated into the Theta Chi fraternity yesterday afternoon: Glenn Gorman, Lafayette; Hai'ry D. Byers, West Lafayette; Leo E. Myers, Van Buren; O. J. Blank, Michigan City; A. M. Smith, Boswell; Thomas Kraner, Geneva; F. L. Willis, West Lafayette; J. M. Seaborg, South Bend; J. J. Hast, Evansville; and R. E. Baxter, Lafayette. E. T. Williamson, Indianapolis; R. J. Dearth, Tipton; C. R. Brewer, Indianapolis: J. £2. Baumrucker, River Forest, Illinois; D. R. Vance, Noblesville; W. L. Vergane, Michigan City; R. S. Beers, Gary; C. B.‘ Clifton, Covington; D. W, Arnold, Salem; G. M. Walters, Attica; T. Schreiner, Indianapolis; G. K. WilUftms, Indianapolis; and P. E. Humphrey, Terre Raute. r
Registration for the second semester will take place on Tuesday and Wednesday, February 2 and 3. One important item to be remembered is that any student who desires to change from one school in the University to another should obtain a blank form for application from the Registrar’s office before January 23, together with a recommendation for the second semester assignments approved by the head of the school to which he is transferring. This should be done as early as possible in order to allow time for obtaining approval from parents. Regular Procedure Other registration procedure will take place as usual. Distinguished students pay full fees for the second semester, but will receive a proper rebate as soon as the distinguished list is published. Students may obtain a printed schedule of classes from the Registrar’s office at some time before January 23, and an eight coupon registration form.
W B A A
January 16, 1937 11:00—Just Kids Program. 11:30—4-H Club Broadcast. 12:00—Noon melodies. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time 12 -SO—Newscaster, Prof. Frank Hall 12:46—Markets, J. R. Hays 1:00—The Radio Stage.
Potter Declares
Mechanization
Aids Equipment
Dean A, A. Potter of the schools of engineering, speaking before the American Engineering Council, of which he is president, declared yesterday that American engineers, through their work in science and invention, and mechanization of industry, are actually creating greater employment rather than causing unemployment. Employment Higher Talking at the annual meeting of the organization in New York City, Dean Potter quoted authorities to show that employment per vehicle in the automotive industry in 1936 was 26 per cent higher than in 1929, because of the increases in the size and quality of the present day aytomobile. Dean Potter then urged engineers to obtain similar
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A, M. IRION DENTIST
119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK '
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
results in other industries to show that engineers are not responsible for unemployment.
Co-ed Volleyball In Semi-Finals
Scores in the co-ed intramural volleyball tournament played yesterday are as follows: Ward 3—38, Gables—8; Chi Omega—30, Residence Hall Third Floor—20; Kappa Kappa Gamma—34, Ward 2—13; Ward 3—21, Alpha Xi Delta—27; (Ward 3 played two games). The semi-finals of thevolleyball tournament will be played Monday at 4 o’clock in th,e Women’s Gymnasium. Representing league 1, Residence Hall Third Floor will oppose Kappa Kappla Gamma of league 2. At the same time Bronx winners of league 3, will play Residence Hall Second Floor, number 2 of league 4. Winners of the two different games will compete in the finals on Tuesday, January 19.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
B. and B. (Continued from page 2)
stands about 1,000 women to 4,600 men; so you can see how futile your efforts would be to increase the co-ed enrollment by coming here. Furthermore, we already have enough hayseeds to last for the next forty years (not that I mean you’re one)” Ed’s Note: Now eds and co-eds see just what you’re like from the voice of authority . . .
More about WIL WILL EWOLT —tonight WIL WILL will be accompanied by lady number three —^he is going clear down to Bloomington to see this number—^while SCHAAP and HUFFINE will just have to suffer along ... more soon.
The MARS PASSES for the week will he residing at the Union desk at noon today and may be picked up at this time by GABY ROE . . .
‘Dat looks t’ me like sarcasm.”
Special Train
To Bloominston, Saturday January 16
Tickets Good Returning Any Time Until Jan. 26 Going Leave Lafayette, 3:30 P. M. Arrive Bloomington, 6:00 P. M. Returning Leave Bloomington, 9:30 P. M. Arrive Lafayette, 12:00 P. M.
ROUND-TRIP -COACH--
$^10
3
Because of the flood-bound highways^ the Monon is running a Special Train to Bloomin^on on Saturday to make it possible for Purdue backers to follow the team to I. U.
Monon Ronte