Purdue
Z-ISB
Exponent
!»1S
Lafayette# Lidiona
SATURDAY
May 27# 1939
VoLSO
No. 193
Book Exchange Board Names New Members
Dr. Thomas Mason, Mafh Teacher, Dies In Chicago Hospital Dr. Thomas E. Mason, 103 Waldron street, prominent member of the mathematics department for 26 years, died at the Presbyterian hospital, Chicago, yesterday morning. He had been ill for several weeks before going to Chicago for further treatment Easter Sunday. He was to have imdergone a second operation yesterday. Born at Boone Grove, Dr. Mason was graduated from Indiana University in 1906; receiving master’s and Ph.D. degrees from Indiana in 1912 and 1914, respectively. He joined the mathematics faculty at Purdue in September, 1914, and in 1927 was appointed to a full profes sorship in the department. He was an active member of Central Presbyterian church. Sigma Xi, Phi Beta Kappa,a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Indiana Academy of Science, American Mathematics Society, the Mathematics Association of America, American Association of University Professors, and the University Club. He is a former superintendent of Central Church Sunday School. Funeral arrangements have not been made. The Rev. John W. Finley, West Lafayette, left for Chicago yesterday noon upon receipt of the death message. He was expected to return with the body last evening. Scriveners Plan Banquet Tonight; Will Initiate 28 Scrivener Club, campus writing honorary, will hold initiation for 28 new ntembers today at 6:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Initiation services will be conducted by Bob Munro, new president. Students who are to be initiated are; Chuck Hart, Douglas McDaniels, Erma Irwin, Bernard Firestone, Steve Bacharach, Patricia Flint, Orrington Ramsey, George Jungerman, Keith Maxwell, Haskell Metz, Meta Kaplan, Neil Carson, Chester Reigle, George Hussey, Don Leckie, Georgialou Fleager, Jean Ragsdale, Donna Siess, Fred Graf, Bill Sharpies, Carl Shedrick, Lester Phillips, Naomi Abel, Florence Justin, Sesnnour Udell, Charles Fearnot, Richard Reul, and Allison Lilly. Following initiation services the new members will be feted at a banquet at Wheeler’s restaurant. At this time the former pledges will read humorous manuscripts. Faculty guests will include Dr. and Mrfe. H. L. Creek, Dr. and Mrs. E. G. Sutcliffe, Prof, and Mrs. P. Fatout, Prof, and Mrs. J. H. McKee, Prof. F. A. Cummings,- Dr. A. R. Fulton, and Prof. R. L. Lowe. Drama Honorary Lists New Pledges National dramatics honorary. Theta Alpha Phi, has announced their 1939 pledges: Sam Marks, West Lafayette; Harry Brenman, Batavia, N. Y.; Merritt Miller, Port Wayne; and Jack Miller, Evanston, 111. At a meeting held recently, the honorary elected the following officers; Robert Hettema, president; Mary Jane Carr, vice-president; Lawrence Archibald, secretaryr treasurer; and Robert Hewitt, historian.
Meeting recently in the Union, members of the board cff control of last year’s book exchange turned over their duties and responsibility of carrying on next year’s exchange to the new board. Sully Mason, graduating chairman of last year’s board, made public the complete list of the new members and pointed out their duties.. New members of the board are: Vince Hruby, newly elected student Union senior board member, chairman of the board of control; R. E. Insley, Exponent editor, secretary; H. F. Fishbum, Student Senate president, ex-officio member of the board; J. E. Hinshaw, PIA president, publicity chairman; L. W. Archibald, business manager; R. M. Voyles, in charge of receiving. The new board immediately announced that the exchange will open next fall on Monday, September 11, and will run until Tuesday, September 19. The exchange will be open from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. each day during this period. Students presenting books at the exchange next fall will be discouraged from asking over 65 per cent of the original value of each book. This is to hold down excessive profit taking and will keep the exchange a non-profit service organization, operated by students, for students. In order for the exchange to darry on, it must have an advantage over its competitors, the book stores. During the summer, members of the board will obtain a list of textbooks to be used next year and check it with the heads of the various departments. In this way the board hopes to continue its record of efficiency with regards to usable books being sold through the exchange. Last year the exchange handled over 3,300 dollars and only three books passed through the exchange that could not be used. Remmers Announces Scholarship Winners Dr. H. H. Remmers, head of the division of educational reference, announced the names of winners of county scholarships from Purdue University yesterday. Under the Indiana law two scholarships are available in each county, which deducts $30 per semester for one year from the entrance fees. Marian Adele Widmer, Dayton high school, Dayton, and Richard Thomas Ball, Jefferson high school, Lafayette, were selected from the competitors in Tippecanoe County. Alternates for the awards are Anna Deane Ransey, West Lafayette, and Mary Lou Thelen, St. Francis, Lafayette.
500 Couples Swing As Weems Plays For Cary Formal “Haven’t seen any better looking co-eds ansrwhere,’’ was the comment of Ted Weems, music maestro of last evening’s Cary Hall formal. The genial leader likes playing to college audiences because of their boundless enthusiasm. “Older people just can’t seem to let themselves go.” Besides the co-eds Ted likes our campus too. He had expected to play at the halls and wandered around the campus trying to find the Union ballrooih. Weems has played iri Lafayette before and stated last night that he would like to play in the new editions of the ballroom when it is completed. When asked what songs were requested most, Weems stated that novelty numbers, such as “Three Little Fishies” were leading the parade. However, slower music is still holding its own . . . witness “Deep Purple” and “The Angel’s Sing.” Ted Weems organized his own band in 1923 in Philadelphia, Pa. He attended and graduated from the «University of Pennsylvania. After graduation he organized the band, and at that time played the trombone. He stated last night a desire to go back to trombone playing merely for his own amusement. Lately he has been too busy because he has been writing part of the arrangements for his band. Robinson Will Deliver Memorial Day Talk ' President E. C. Elliott will preside over the Memorial Day exercises to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday morning at 9:30. The program will open with'an organ prelude. Rev. J. B. Gleason, of the West Lafayette Baptist Church, will deliver the invocation. Principal address will be given by Dr. J. W. Robinson, of the history, economics, and government department, on “What Does ‘Ideology’ Signify.” Two musical numbers by the concert choir and the national anthem will precede the necrology of Purdue staff members, alumni, former students, and students who have died during the past year by M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men. Following the exercises in Fowler Hall, the audience will move in a body to the oval for a short ceremony in which a wreath will be laid dn John Purdue’s grave. Near the close of the exercises, POMM officers will place a wreath on the Memorial tablet in the Union. A salute of 21 guns, the sounding of taps, the audience’s singing of America and benediction by Rev. Gleason will close the program. Banquet Honors WRH
Engineer Will Distribute Senior Co-eds Today
Final hsue Copies Today
Final issue of the Engineer and the first issue for the 1939-40 staff is being distributed to subscribers today. Extra copies are on sale at the west desk of the Union. May issue of the Engineer contains a story of the CAA flyers entitled “Young America Sprouts Wings,” a technical article by Prof. George V. Mueller on the harmonic generator set which is located in the Electrical Engineering Building, and several feature articles. Delta Upsilon... . . . fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Prank K. Schleicher, Belleville, N. J., president; Robert N. Keen, Indianapolis, vice-president; A. B. Clarke, Akron, O., recording secretary; Joe C. Metbfier, North Manchester, house manager; Charles J. Barr, Greenfield, corresponding secretary; John A. Hawley, Peru, alumni secretary; Peggy Davis, honorary house mother.
Senior co-eds of the Women's Residence Halls will be honored at a banquet tomorrow afternoon at 1 o’clock in the halls. This is an annual affair held for the graduating
members of each hall.
Senior women who will be honored at tomorrow’s banquet are: Mary Alice Learning, Mary Cooley, Peggy Hamilton, Georganna Huber, Julia E. Peak, Mary K. Hudson, Janet Forgey, Madeline Van Wanzeele, and Florence Beilke. Faculty guests at the banquet include: Dean Dorothy Stratton, Prof. Mary Matthews, Prof, Mary Gamble, Prof. Ruby Clark, Miss Margaret Beeman, Miss Francis Schneider, Prof. C. B. Murphy, Prof. Laura Partch, and Dr. and Mrs. Corley.
J. K. Mugg.. <
... Ag ’40, placed eleventh in a field of 43,000 contestants in a national dairy cattle judging contest conducted by Hoard’s Dair3rman, national publication, according to word received here yesterday.
Michigan Ends Riveter ISepes Urth 5-3 Victery
Collision Victims Are Satisfactory In Doctors' Report According to reports received from the Home Hospital last night, the condition of the University students injured in Wednesday night’s fatal accident is satisfactory. Doctors were aided in their inventory of the injuries today with X-ray pictures of the students involved in the accident. More X-rays will be taken tomorrow, however, to obtain more complete details of the injuries.. Margaret Mathes, most seriously injured of the group, is suffering from a skull fracture and severe cuts about the legs. Doctors do not believe that she will be permanently crippled in any way. Eleanor Kistler is severely cut about the eyelids and her face is bruised. Her eyes, it is believed, have not been permanently injured. Her face is too swollen about the eyes to permit the taking of X-rays as yet. Kay Howell has a fractured skull and a severely bruised back. Fred Douglas, who was discharged from the hospital immediately following the accident, has since returned to the hospital and is being treated for a slight skull fracture and chipped knee. Tom Jay has a severe cut on the throat and is bruised about the face. He is not allowed visitors but this IS only because talking would hinder the healing of his throat. Douglas is allowed visitors. Gold Peppers Adopt Black and Gold Caps Members of Gold Peppers, co-ed athletic honorary, voted to wear black and gold skull caps as means of identification on campus at the organization meeting held Thursday evening. These caps, which will be similar to the Gimlet hats, will be made of gold felt on the outside and lined with black felt. Gold Pepper pledges will wear their skull caps inside out during their pledge period. Thais Crepps is chairman of the committee in charge of purchasing the caps. In order to further interest in the position of co-ed yell leader, the Gold Peppers will make an award to the senior co-ed yell leader. Tryou;ts, which will be open to any co-ed, will be held in September. Marge Stocker will head a committee composed of Georgia Walker, Mary McLaughlin, and'Margaret Sauer to further this project. It was also decided that the Gold Pepper members would sit together at all athletic games. Educational Sorority Gives Pin To Dean Dean Mary L. Matthews became a member of Epsilon Sigma Omicron, national educational sorority, at a meeting held by the education department of the Indiana Federated clubs which was given in Indianapolis Wednesday, May 24. The Executive Board of the sorority presented Dean Matthews with the fraternal organization’s pin for her work as state chairman of the education department, advisor to the board,^d organizer of reading courses. She is an honorary member of the Quest group in West Lafayette.
Mackiewicz, Hearne Garner Only Riveter Hits Off Smick By Stewart Marquis Pounding Bob Bailey, Boilermaker hurler, for nine hits, the Michigan Wolverines turned back the Riveter nine yesterday afternoon, 5-3, ending even a mathematical chance for Purdue’s title hopes. By virtue of their victory the Michigan team forged ahead of the Boilermakers into third place in the Big
Ten standings.
Dan Smick turned in a fine pitching performance for the Wolverines, limiting the Riveters to two lone hits. While Smick made four errors in the field, he redeemed himself by driving in the tieing run in the ninth inning with a long triple and later scoring what proved to be the winning run. He fanned six Riveter batters while giving an equal number of free trips to
first on walks.
Alpha Phi Omega To Take Fingerprints At Fall Registration Fingerprinting of students endbd Thursday after three successful days under the sponsorship of Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary, Equipment belonging to the Lafayette police and the State police was used. The Federal Bureau of Investigation cooperated with the project. A total of 600 students were fingerprinted. This is quite a large number considering that it requires from 12 to 16 minutes for each person. Three cards, each containing 14 impressions, are made for everyone. By means of our trusty slide rule, we find that 42 impressions are required for each person besides all other personal information. Believing that there are many more who would like to be fingerprinted if the equipment was right in front of them, the organization plans to set up a fingerprinting bureau at Registration next September. Fingerprinting will not be compulsory, but it was so well received that many will probably avail themselves of its advantages. A1 Yates, vice-president in charge of activities of the honorary, was general supervisor of the successful fingerprinting bureau. Senate Extends Petition Deadline Approximately 64 petitions have been turned in to the Student Senate so far. Senate officials yesterday extended the deadline to 6:30 p. m. Monday to facilitate matters for those petitioners who have not as yet secured their full quota of signatures. Schools are represented as follows: CE and PSE, one sophomore and seven juniors; ChE and Met E, two sophomores and six juniors; Pharm and PE, one sophomore and three juniors; ME, six sophomores and five juniors; Ag, three sophomores and three juniors; EE, two sophomores and four juniors; HE, two sophomores and thi'ee juniors; Sci, two sophomores and four juniors. Penalty Days... . .. May 29 is the last penalty day this semester. This date represents the twenty-four hour period before the authorized holiday of May 30. All students not classified as graduates or seniors will be required to pay the $5.00 penalty fee for absence from any class on May 29. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Felix Mackiewicz and Wayne Heame were the only Boilermaker batsmen to hit Smick’s pitching. Mac poled out a powerful triple to figure decisively in Purdue’s first runs; and Hearne tripled in the
sixth.
Walt Peckinpaugh, Wolverine captain and third baseman, and pitcher Smick led the Michigan team in batting, each hitting safely twice out of four trips to the plate. Bailey held the Wolverine batters to six hits and two runs until a three run rally in the ninth. He fanned seven while walking two. Boilermakers Score Peckinpaugh drove out a single to left with two out in the Michigan half of the first inning, but was caught trying to steal second on a fast peg from Art Bredewater to Hearne. In the borne first Vernon walked, then scored on Mackiewicz’s long triple. Mac came in for the second Purdue score when Sofiak muffed the relay. Lisagor opened the third inning with a scratch infield single, went to second when Steppon was hit by a pitched ball. Both runners scored as Sofiak placed a single out in right field and Yeager fumbled it, Sofiak went to third on the error but died there as Peckinpaugh took a third
strike.
Hearne Triples Pink, Wolverine center fielder, wasted a scratch single in the fifth. Heame smashed out a tremendous three bagger to left for the second and last Boilermaker hit in the sixth inning. Smick struck out Yeager and Smithson to leave Wayne on third. In the Michigan seventh Smick got to first on a hard-hit infield single which Bailey knocked down, but Boh 'W’as unable to catch Smick at first. Bailey forced the next two batters to fly out. Again in the eighth the Wolverines wasted a hit when Peckinpaugh singled with two out, then Gedeon went down from Thompson to Smithson. Mackiewicz reached second at the first of the home eighth when Smick muffed his grounder then threw wide to first. Thompson sacrificed him to third with a perfect Irant. Then Mac scored after Heame’s sacrifice fly to left. Wolverines Take Lead Trosko’s infield hit bounced over Thompson’s head to start the ninth inning. Smick drove in the tieing run with a hard hit triple to right center, then came in on a Halk by Baile;^. Lisagor went to first on Bailey’s first walk of the game, then took second on Beebe’s sacrifice bunt. Steppon was set down on an infield out, then Pink walked. Lisagor scored the final Midiigan run on a wild pitch by Bailey. In the last half of the ninth Dean batted for Smithson and grot a base on balls. Smick fumbled Bredewater’s groiuider and both runners were safe. With the <nrowd yelling for a hit, Kurtz, batting for Bailey, fouled out to Gedeon and Dickinson hit into a fast double play, Siffiak to Lisagor to Gedeon. (Continued on paga 4)^ftihfdedi
tHE FUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 27.1939
In America... . . . King George and Queen Elizabeth, you will be greeted by the greatest proponents of democracy that have ever existed on one continent. When you visit the United States next month you will walk on soil that has been consecrated and dedicated with the strongest bonds of brotherly love to the proposition that “all men are created equal.” If you come then to win our friendship and support, as you say, then why not come as George and Beth, our neighbors from across the Atlantic? Why not come and pay us a friendly visit, let down your hair and ‘‘meet the Joneses?” We assure you that it won’t be as stately as the formal receptions and garden parties that are now planned for you, but it will be a lot more fun! True, everywhere you go while you are here in this country you will be greeted by stampeding crowds, eager to see you. Nowhere will you feel that you are unwelcome. That wouldn’t be “cricket,” as you would say. But remember that Bamum packed them in where ever he took his show, too! And while people scrambled to get a view of his collection of curiosities, no one ever thought of extending the warm hand of sincere friendship. In America, we shall pay you the respect that is due your high position. Americans always try to reward the deserving. Receive our welcome then and return it, not clothed in the smooth gentile haughtiness that is sometimes British diplomacy, but in the firm ungloved hand that is America! Remember, George and Elizabeth, Americans were never meant to be handled with kid gloves. Your ancestral namesake found that out to his sorrow. We never will respond to such treatment, as long as the youth of America continue to believe that all blood is red! —R. W. D.
Purdue Exponent Bntemd m Mcond «I«m mmttar «t tiM post oCHm ie Lkfajrette^ Tndfaant, oader tiw act of OonsraM of lludi 8, 18TIL and at tlia ape^ late of poatao* pcofidad for in aeetion 1108, aet of Oetober 8, 1817, antboriaed JaaoaiT SO. less. FnhUdMd dailp azeot Monday dnriny the regular aeadeBoia year and weakto during iha Bwiaar Seeeion. Delhrarad locally by eairfar for $8.00 per year, Bull anbaeriptloo I8JIQ. Editorial Board K. E. Indey Editor-ini>Clilef W. E. Smith. JDadneea Manager D. 6. Terrie Editorial Oireetor G. W. Frederick —Managing Editor R. Jenkine — Sporta Editor E. M. Antonini Senior AdrertiBing Manager G. SeliiU^ Co^ Editor Junior Staff Editorial Bndnees Sports ____ r, T, ■L. J. P. Solan 5 S D. Marquis S- W. Donahue R ^1 jj. m. Richards D. K. Heiple A. Hite CSo^ M^ee ^ Hag^eyer Bnrtsfleld M. L. Miera T Petty Carroll J. C. Willoey G Cox, Sec. Si^on D. J. Henninger, Art Director PHONES Editorial Sporta Busineta 4005 Z792 5038 nviPiiBatiNTBP roil national AOVERTiaiNa mv National Adv^tising Service, Inc. Cotttt0 PuhUshm VitpMtnUsttve Ago MADiaoM Ave. Naw York, N. Y. CMIUMO B0«T00 ’ LM Aaootw - OAO FeAHClKO This newspaper le written, edited, and pnUlehad by undergraduate atadanta of Pnrdaa Uatrmfatty. All apin* Iona ta it, nnleaa otbcriHaa aeoredltad, aro atndent opfai. ions, and do not necessarily eoinsida with tha aifidal Uai▼ersHy viewpoint. . All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—^WiUsey Issue Editoi^Elvis Saturday, May 27, 1839
Our congratulations go to Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, who celebrated their 45th wedding anniversary with a dinner in the Union last night. Dean of Men Fisher has behind him a twelve-year record of sincere and appreciated service to the student body.
UDiOLo^UuL QompMA.
Dear Editorial Director: Purdue University lo undoubtedly one of the best schools in the country—1 have always defended loyally everything that she has endorsed until a recent act by one of the two highest ranking honoraries completely nauseated me. On Saturday, May 13, the Exponent announced in bold faced type the names of the nine Mortar Board pledges Undoubtedly, such an honorary, which represents the ultimate aim of every co-ed who obtains an office of note, can never be expected to pledge everyone that some of us think are deserving of the honor. Irregardless of this. Mortar Board failed to pledge one girl this year who rightfully expected the honor. I feel that she is one of the most outstanding girls on the campus. She IS a member of three honoranes on the campus, two of which are national. She has been a distinguished student repeatedly and, just this semester, served on one of the two committees of the year that were elected popularly by the student body. And now she is the president of an honorary which includes, not only Mortar Board members, but other outstanding co-eds as well. Obviously an injustice has been done! When will this “inner circle” who, by mutual admiration and agreement, appoint the benefactors of such honor, realize that they are not only setting themselves aside as unethical and unjust but are dulling the ardor of activity leaders who really perform a service for Purdue University, her sons and
her daughters? Even though they must receive unlimited satisfaction as dictators, they must feel vulgarly “cheap” at the same time. Insofar as the damage is already done, it will probably be rectified, but many of us will never again feel the respect and admiration for some that we felt previously. What has been said is wholly impersonal and has been submitted only because the writer wishes the best for his Alma Mater. Respectfully, Senior Ed. Editorial Director’s Note: Exponent’s co-ed editor will answer this letter in an editorial tomorrow.
. . . members have returned Exponent questionnaires on finals sent to the entire faculty The results will be printed in the June 3 edition m a new column, “Campus Pros and Cons,” which will run as a weekly feature of the Exponent next semester. The questionnaire suggested alternative set-ups to the finals system now being used.
STARTS SUNDAY
—TODAY— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Market Reports. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Limcheon Dance Time. 12:45—^Tune Time, Charles Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 1*46—Baseball Broadcast.
STARTS SUNDAY NEW MAUN
MS only htt arms can hold my love., mv hate..n^ sonnenf
SAMUEL GOLDWYN WUTHERING HEIGHTS a-uvritt MERLE OBERON LAWRENCE OLIVIER • DAVID NIVEN
STARTING TOMORROW THEIR SMASH HIT!
LUMA
LAST DAY
JOHN HOWARD in "Bulldog Drummond’s Secret Police" — AND — GENE AUTRY in "Western Jamboree"
SUNDAY^ MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE DOROTHY LAMOUR LLOYD NOLAN "ST. LOUIS BLUES" — AND — MICHAEL WHALEN "OUTSIDE THESE WALLS' — ITS FIRST RUN —
STANWYCK McCREA A PlctUF*
LAST DAY
ME WAS GALLOPING JUSTICE! BOB BAKER
— WITH. PAUL KELLY LORNA GRAY
— PLUS — HAWK of Hie WILDERNESS No. 1
By Georgann Schilling
Safety First Store your winter furs in a safe place for the summer months. STEIGER'S
AIR CONDITIONED
MaiII
MIDNITE PREVUE TONIGHT 11:30
NAVY SECRETS
GRIN AND BBAR R
A color organ, a backdrop of white with a Cary Club crest, and band fronts of blue with CC on them made up the decorations for the Cary Club formal in the ballroom. Ted Weems, Elmo Tanner, and the Weems group of musicians reigned over the music making. At the Phi Mu-Phi Sigma Kappa dance at Allen’s last night Irvan Maury and his band played. Clever dance programs of blue celluloid featuring the sketches of a boy and girl were given as favors at the dance. —H&H— Tonight is the last round-up for spring formals, the last one being the Phi Kappa Tau dance at the chapter house. The Theta Chis are having a radio dance, and there will be a regular mixer m the ballroom. All of the earnest kiddies will probably spend tonight in the library. It’s not a bad idea! —H&H— A false ceiling of gay-colored balloons, soft lights, and spring flowers were the background for the Pi Phi dance last night. This was the sorority’s first formal dance to be held in its spacious new chapter house. Bill Martin and his band furnished the music for the evening’s dancing. Senior girls in the chapter were given gifts by the undergraduates at the dance. —H & H— After a bit, when we have finally convinced ourselves that finals are here, we are going to campaign for an “old study week” to replace the very common “old party week” which IS observed practically continuously around here But since
“I might have married a dozen better men than you—and what’s more, I’m going to do it!”
we aren’t at all sure finals are really coming, we might as well drop in on the other social affairs in progress this week end. —H&H— In about two weeks school will be all over and the gay springtime scenes will be replaced for a day by the sombre black of senior caps and
gowns. Hundreds of seniors will swing out for a day in their square caps and simple gowns. The use of caps, gowns, and hoods in the United States has been continuous since colonial times. Bryn Mawr, women’s college, first used this attire of faculty and students in 1885.
WINDOW GLASS % INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK^S
WALLPAPER 82G Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
TODAY only
SVww®
— FEATURING— NICK LUCAS CROONING TROUBADOUR OF STAGE, RADIO AND SCREEN
HALEY & MACK Aerial Sensationists LAZAk & FRANCES Comedians
LA TEMPLE Mystification MARIANNE Exotic Dancer
ADMISSION •
ALL SEATS 25c
11:30 to liOO
SARA JANE BATTLES and Her PLATINUM TUNESMITHS • ON THE SCREEN • Mis. “400” BIuscIbs In on tho Muggs!
All SEATS 30( '£
2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING 15c- 30c - 40c
DOORS OPEN 12:30 STAGE SHOWS AT 2:30 - 5:00 - 7:30 - 10:00
FAY BAINTER
t
' I&
Sotiudoy, Moy 27,1939
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
Intramural Championships
Tennis
Baseball
Alpha Gamma Rho won the fraternity baseball championship last night by beating Beta Theta Pi, 6-1. Bogue was the winning pitcher ^nd let the Betas down without a single safe hit, the only run for the losers being scored on an error. Paarlburg hit a home run with two of his teammates on base, giving the Alpha Gamma Rho’s their
wide margin.
Ward 6 won the ward baseball ^ title earlier in the week by defeating Ward lOX in a free hitting game, 12-8. Stewart was the winning pitcher with Chan behind the plate for the ward winners.
Harry Deutman, freshman tennis star, captured his third championship of the year last Wednesday by defeating Fred Richards 6-3, 6-2 in the finals of the all-campus tennis tournament. Harry won the fraternity singles tournament and teamed with George Frye to capture the fraternity doubles title earlier in the year. Deutman plans to make a clean sweep of the campus tennis titles by winning the freshman championship, and his record seems to indicate that he should win this fourth tournament easily^
By Robert J. Deckard
Student commuters at Massachusetts State College travel 14,000 miles every week.
‘Boy, This sure tastes swell!’
Graves Sandwich bread has whai it takes to please the palate of everyone — flavor—goodness — fine texture — freshness — that makes you ask for more.
Graves quauty Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
Taking cognizance of yesterday’s Michigan-Boilermaker ball affair in the local yard, we will have to admit that the "thing” turned out to be a proverbial nightmare . . . for instance, transplanted Wolverine pitch Dan Smick almost lost his own game, accounting for a quartet of errors, and then he just upped and belted out a three-bagger and scored the winning run on Boilermaker slabman Bailey’s balk in 'the ninth chapter. —^fc— Nevertheless, there were several bright spots shown by the hurling duo . . . both whiffed seven men each ... Bailey allowed only a pair of bases on balls, both coming in the Riveter’s fatal ninth . . . Smick at times seemed to be authoritative in his pitching ... he allowed a couple of good triples, but the rest of the time he toyed with his hosts . . . once in the seventh frame the Wolverine sent two Boilermakers to the bench via the strike out route to conclude the inning after Wayne Hearne had hoisted a triple into deep left and was perched on the hot corner sack with the winning run. —^fc— Bailey was not his usual self . . . he was far from erratic, but his performance was helow par, allowing nine hits that are just above his average allowance record during the current season ... we might add here that Bob, a sophomore, has gone all the way this season in ev-., ery game he started pitching in the Big Ten.
^Lat
rppeamkice
Rely on our expert cleaning service to keep your summer linen and Palm Beach suits immaculate. You'll like the thoroughness of our cleaning — the expert pressing that gives your suit its original dash and smartness. Phone 4081 for prompt pickup and delivery
service.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
Golfers Enfered In Slate Golf Tourney Today At Soflth Bend
Phi Lambda Upsilon...
. . . honorary chemical society, announces the following officers: Robert E. Hall, president; Earl H. Pierson, vice-president; Robert J. Schrader, secretary; Earl W. Nelson, treasurer; Dr. H. Hunt, counselor; Dr. E. F. Degering, alumni secretary.
Included among Michigan’s roster was third baseman Walt Peckinpaugh, son of former major league star, Roger Peckinpaugh ... Elmer Gedeon, Big Ten hurdle champion, appeared in the lineup as a cleanup man and first stacker.
Robert Morss Lovett, University of Chicago emeritus professor, has been appointed government secretary for the Virgin Islands.
EVERYTHING FOR THE LAWN
Lawn: Hose, Sprinklers, Mowers, Rakes and Brooms.
JOHN sm, Hdw. 822 MAIN ST. PHONE 2777
FRATERNITIES and SORORITIES
Now Is the Time to Repair Till and Sheet Iron Work of Every Desodption
Furnace Work of AH Kinds
JOHN BALKEMA Tin Shop
104 Main St. Phone 6852
1 ^ '
1 *□ M ffi’l P CUP 1 11 gitmtiI y/^tjtmy'"'' ■
l4e
3 lb. BAG OOC
■Mw unrtifciaaiifcTri,-;safi -toil's
Boilermakers To Run In State Track Meet Today
Entering today’s Indiana state golf meet at South Bend with a record of seven victories for the current season, Purdue’s links squad, led by Capt. John David, will make a strong bid for the championship. Coach Allspaw’s quartet, fresh from their victory over Ohio State here last Saturday, is composed of David, Bob Hoffer, Tom Marshall, and Ralph Hill. Following the state meet at South Bend on Saturday, the Riveters will enter the Big Ten championship contest at Evanston, 111., on Monday. Here again, the Boilermakers are favorites on the basis of their season’s record.
Twenty-four Boilermaker track men will compete agramst cinder stars from practically every school in Tndfaiia- in the state meet at Notre Dame this afternoon. Included among' the 24 Coach Phillips has entered will be eight seniors.
this event last year while the But-
ler lad took third.
As usual the meet promises to be a fight for track supremacy between the Big Three of Indiana collegiate circles: Indiana, Notre Dame and Purdue. The Hoosiers and the ^rish have been at the top for quite a , while and are favored to finish ahead this year because of their balanced strength. Boilermaker fans are hoping, however, that the Riveters will hit their stride today and surprise their
rivals.
Star Milers Meet Distance events in today’s meet should produce some real fireworks as there are several fine performers in these events. Holderman, sophomore hopeful, will represent the Boilermakers and will be up against Mel Trutt of Indiana and Bob Southworth of Butler. Trutt won
Art Bodeau took second in the half mile nm last year and should cop first this year. Art was spiked at the Cotton Carnival two weeks ago but is in good shape for. the meet. Clevett and Knapp are the chief hopefuls for the Gold and Black in the two mile grind and should gamer several points. ' Gutting Favored Gutting is expected to shade the field in both of the hurdle races and this should help the cause considerably. Weber, Shackleton, and Wadleigh also are expected to add several more points to enable the Boilermakers to threaten the superiority of the Irish and the Hoosiers. (Continued on page 4)
■1
FRATERNTTY - SORORITY HOUSE MANAGERS
Summer Prices on Cool Are in Effect NOW
Get Our Estimate First!
North Star Coal Co.
308 Brown Street
PhpTi^ 24Q5
SPECIAL!
MAY SALE RECORDS 20^^ ea.
MilEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main Phone 7917
Wostt Side Office 132 Vine Sf. Phone 7278 —NOW for pick-up.
Too Bad! Jim failed to land his job.
It’s a shame somebody can’t get Jim to realize that the business world just isn’t one bit interested in a “boiler-maker” appearance. Tl|le man who climbs today Has Got To Be Well Turned Out—-dean, well-pressed dothes, neat tie, hat, and shoes in shape* Be Wise Let the American Do the Iridk
Phone 3085
American! ' A.V Dependable Dry Cleanm3[oad. Qdbi.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TUdisjiA,
Saturda/, May 27,1939 •
Michigan Beats P. U. (Continued from page 1) FiTe senior diamondmen will play their final game for Purdue today as the Boilermakers and the Wolverines meet in the second game of the series. Dickinson, Thompson, Art Bredewater, Am Bredewater, and Sammy Lyboult will don the Purdue uniform for the last time. Coach Dutch Fehring expects to send Brewerater, Wargo, or Emmert to the mound in an attempt to finish the season with a victory.
Score by innings:
Michigan . . 002 000 003—6 9 7 Purdue 200 000 010—3 2 1
Box score and summary: Michigan (5) AB R
Pink, cf . . .40 Sofiak, cf ... 50 Peckinpaugh, 3b ... 4 0 Gedeon, lb 4 0 Trosko, If 4 1 Smick, p 4 1 Lisagor, 2b 2 2 Beebe, c 4 0 Steppon, rf 3 1
Totals Purdue (3) Dickinson, cf Vernon, rf . Mackiewicz, 3b .... Thompson, ss Hearne, 2b Yeager, rf Smithson, lb Bredewater, c Bailey, p *Dean **Kurtz ..
34 5 AB R
Totals 30 3 *Batted for Smithson in ninth. **Batted for Bailey in ninth.
BYD SWIM SUITS Start out the summer season with one of the new, smart B V D swim suits. They are the latest in color, style and smartness. Priced at $3.95, $4.95, $5.95 and up to $8.95.
Phone 3079
111-113 N. 4rii
Exponent Editorial Staff: The gieneral editorial staff meeting; scheduled for Saturday, May 27, has been postponed. Junior associate editors will meet at 1 p. m. in room E of the Union. —mSLEY.
Exponent Staffs: All memben of tha editorial, business, and sports staff are invite to a picnic at Freeman Lake Sunday afternoon. May 28. Meet at 2:30 p. m. in the Union. Price is 26c per person payable to either Dan Heiple or Ray Hall. —INSLEY.
Freshman Engrlneers: There will be no meetiuK of engineering; lectures during the remainder of the present semester. (6-27) —KNAPP. Union Freshmen: Will all available freshmen please report to the workshop Friday, May 27, at 4 p. m. —TILT.
MISCELLANEOUS
Women’s Gym Lockers: Must be emptied and locks turned in by 4:80 p. m. Friday, June 2. —HAZELTON.
WANTED—Male student who wishes to work for room for summer school. 416 Main, West Lafayette.
TYPEWRITERS—All maces, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation in rooms B and C of Union at 6 p. m. Sunday, M^y 28, with banquet following in the faculty lounge. All members who intend to be present please contact McCannon, Yates, or Croxall. (6-23) —CROXALL.
H
1 1 2 1 1 2 1 0 0 9
H
0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
WANTEIV-Snmmer students, automatic •> ater heater, single beds, use of electric refrigerator. $6 per month. 108 Waldron. Phone 41862.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1988 Model A. F. Argus miniature camera and case. Perfect condition. Phone 6991. Heaton.
Flying and Glider Clubs: Combined picnic will be held Monday, May 29, at 7 p. m. Everyone is to bring dates and meet at the east door of the Union, so that transportation may I be arranged. Anyone wishing to bring his lunch may do so and the clubs will furnish refreshments. —KIMBALL,
All ME Drawing Students: All drawers in desks in the ME drawing rooms must be emptied by June 10, 1939, in order to allow inspection and repair'during summer. Those who will need to use desks during summer school may obtain permission from Mr. Bolz to use special desks. Locks remaining on drawers will have to be cut. Material remaining in desks after June 10 will be considered as abandoned and can not be guaranteed safe keeping. —AULT.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8:80 a. m. —BURNHAM.
Mortar Board: Initiation of pledges Sunday, May 28, at 7:46 a. m. at Miss Mitchell’s home on Stadium road. —WOOD.
Exponent Editorial Staff: The following are scheduled to work Saturday, May 27: Donahue, Willsey, Ruffner, Rohwer, Smith, Traugott, Heaton, Nothmann, and Sidwell. All on the editorial staff who have not handed in to me their exam schedules, do so at once. —FRED.
Tau Beta Pi: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 27, at Ross Camp. Meet in front of the Union at 3 p. m.
Co-ed Riding Classes: A minimum of five rides is required to obtain a grade. Makeup rides are scheduled on Friday, May 26, at 2 ;30 p. m. or Monday, May 29, at 1:30 and 2 :30 p. m. If it is impossible to ride those hours, special appointment may be made during the day and late afternoon by phoning the Purdue Riding Stables, 36230. The riding examinations will be given today. May 26, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room. —CASE.
Drawing Plates—G. E. 12: Those who took Engineering Drawing, first semester, may have their drawing plates by calling at the stock room, Srd floor, Michael Golden Shops, on or b^ore noon Saturday, June Srd. (6-27) —RISING. G. E. 11-12—Engineering Drawing: Students desiring to remove “C’s” and *Ts" before the close of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Senior Tactics: Sections F and G of Senior Tactics will meet Saturday, May 27, at the usual time and place for make-up work only. Members of these sections who have their work made up need not attend. —THOMPSON
Wesley Foundation: Annual Memorial picnic will be held at Camp Tecumseh the afternoon and evening of Tuesday. May 30. Cost \ 40 cents. All members and friends are invited Cars will leave the foundation house at 1 p. m. and 4:30 p. m. —McFADDEN.
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or
Give Europe its "Black Shirts" and "Brown Shirts"—we'll give you the "White Shirts"—spic and span every week from laundry service as modern as you can buy, yet it costs no more. Once you've tried this dependable, convenient, economical service you'll have no other.
F^INE CLEA^NERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOF OF THE HILL
^pend
line m
tLe
More fun outdoors under the sun is the best recipe for a healthful gay summer. So be sure your wardrobe is well supplied with slacks, shorts and other ploy togs thdr^>ai;;gr well cut and fin^^fmished to fit with trim flatfery. The colors rival the rainbow— they're so gorgeous and the materials will wear and wear.
Steiger's hove just installed a new department stocked with the latest play clothes. You will find everything up-to-the-minute in fashionrightness — shorts, slacks, sport sweaters, trim belted jackets and skirts.
Steiger’s Sports Wear Department—Mezzanine Floor
head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE.
Sophomore Chemical, Metallurgical Engineering: A vote of the students concerned has indicated that June 9 and 10, 1989, will be more convenient dates for the Sophomore Comprehensive Examination than those previously arranged. Since there will be no conflicts every student holding a sophomore card in this school must report for these examinations at the times and places indicated. Bring to the examination writing materials and slide rule. The possession or use of any books, tables, papers of any kind during the examination is forbidden. —BRAY.
Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashiers office. —HARPER.
Mortar Board: Meeting of actives in WSGA office Friday, May 26, at 6 p. m. Bring mortar board pin. Meeting is very imiiortant. —WOOD.
Final Exam Notice: Check the final examination schedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your finals. Failure to understand or misreading the schedule sheet are not sufficient causes to warrant a second examination. Absence from a final exam will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course. (6-29) —M. L. FISHER.
Scrivener: Initiation banquet Saturday, May 27, at 6:80 at Wheeler’s. Initiation at 6:80 in room 2 of the Union. Call 2106 for reservations by 4 o’clock FViday, May 26. —FINNEY. Co-op Houses: Anyone interested in x>articipating In a co-op table this summer will hold a meeting at Kagawa House, 817 Vine Street, Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. Anyone who can not attend the meeting please call me. Telephone 2667. —WORTHINGTON.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 11, 12 and 18, are requested to make application before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at
registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. (6-6) " —STONE.
Boilermakers To Run (Continued from page 3) The seniors who will be enteted in the meet are: Capt. Bodeau, Gutting, Wadleigh, Kessler, Knapp, Kelly, Luther, and Denzler. Sophomores and juniors making the trip are Weber, Hibbs, Edwards, Lamereaux, Tycocki, Simmons, Fisher, Shackleton, Holderman, White, Reeves, Gaulke, Menke, Volmer, Clevett, and Wente.
The telescope of the University of Texas McDonald observatory could photograph a man 3,000 miles away, if it wasn’t for the earth's curvature.
WAT
GRADUATION WATCHES
LUETTA
BROOKI
smA
invite you fo stop In and see how easily you can, * solve your graduation gift problem 3 s s Select the watch which expresses all that !s in your heart as your son or daughter graduates. A fine watch; a ^HamlSton wofclu Styled with youth appeal; priced from $37.50 upwards RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler 605 MAIN ST. PHONE 6377
i the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• iookiferee
• Proleitioiiel
"OWACr
DR. A. M. IRION
EveiylMnt tw a Celleoe Edueeflon
DENTIST 11916 Vina Waat Lafiieetta Phona 4965
H.G. REISNIR V
• jewelera
• Shoe Repair
R. C. EISENBACH
BOSSUNG
Jeweler and Optometrist
Shoe Repair Shop In ttw
504 Main St.
VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Floritti
• LocksmiHi
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Ffewett
KEYS AND LOCKS Auto' kay* m tpadatty. aiJS^'"'j?‘
Main at 7tfi Phana MM
MULHAUPTS 20e-l) N. 5th St. Fhana *a*F