Purdue ^ Exponent
Volume 52, No. 17
Soturdoy, September 28, 1940'
Boilermakers, Bulldogs r - - ' • ' ' ~ " Trophy Still Missing; Parade Plans Set
'Swipers/ Young Make Contact; ’4Vs Meet At! 'Dorm Devils' 'Phone Skull, Crescent Exponent, Deliver Will Take Roll; Another Message Need Passports
Statements
As this paper goes to press the G. A. Young Trophy, awarded to the engineering school with greatest representation in the Senior Day Parade, is still missing. New developments in the case include a message ’phoned into the Exponent office last night by the “Dormitory Devils” demanding “justice^” and a retaliating message by Prof. G. A. Young, donor of the trophy, both of which are printed in the middle of this page. The Devils guaranteed the safe return of the trophy after a fair and honest decision on the attendance at the parade had been taken. While accusations afe being hurled from one school to the other, the culprits still wandered about unapprehended. Exponent Asks Opinions The Exponent, during this interim, has contacted the heads of the various schools and asked them their opinions on the magnitude of the theft. “G. A.” himself was the first to present us with a statemeht. He said that the trophy had been “borrowed” three times previous, but it had always been returned in good condition. “I expect it to come back this year, and I am sure that the judges will award it to the ME’s again. And it will be awarded to them only because they will have the largest representation in the Senior Parade,” the head of the Mechanical school maintained. “It has been coming on for years,” is all that Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the Chemical school, would permit himself to be quoted on. He said that he was willing to wager on the basis of what he has seen and heard in his Chem and Metallurgy classes yesterday that the ChE school would be the proud possessors of the trophy during 1941. Prof. Wiley Comments Prof. R. B. Wiley, of the Civil school, commented that the whole thing was a “tempest in a teacup.” He assured us that the Civil engineering class would win the trophy with a 100% representation. “Only a 120% turnout by the ME school,” he continued, “can beat us.” C. P. Harding, dean of the Electrical Engineering school, was out of town and it was impossible “to solicit a statement from any other member of the EE stalf. d.t.b. Camera Club Closing Rooms For Repairs In a meeting of the darkroom, program, and exhibit committees of the Camera club last night, definite plans were laid for the initial activities of the year. Beginning next Tuesday evening, all darkrooms will be closed for the greater part of a week while repairs are made and lockers reassigned. Approximately 76 students and faculty have pitid club membership fees. Facilities for enlarging are not equal to the demands of the increased membership. First of the club’s two exhibits is tentatively set for the middle of l^ovember, the exact date to be announced later. New members or prospective members should contact Bill Gephart, president, or Carl Tafel, Union vice-president, for answers to nrv Lawrence Archibald is chairman of tjie darkroom committee. l.w.a. ,
Representatives from each of the engineering schools and the campus honoraries at a meeting held in the Student Senate offices yesterday agreed upon the rules to be followed at the Senior Cord Parade this afternoon. The principle decision arrived at was the taking of roll of the engineering schools before the start of the parade. Members of Skull and Crescent will be at each school at 1 o’clock this afternoon to take attendance. In order' to be included in the count of his school toward the winning of the G. A. Young l^rophy each engineering senior must present his passport to the attendance takers before 1:15 p. m. C. S. “Pop” Doan reports that there are 150 senior passports yet unclaimed at the dffice in the Fieldhouse. Marching Order The order of marching for schools meeting at the Armory will be: 1. Home Economics; 2. Science; 3. Pharmacy; 4. Agriculture; 5. Physical Education, and 6. Trade and Industrial Education. The School of Chemical Engineering, having drawn the winning lot, will lead the engineering seniors. The mechanicals will come Second and will be followed in order by the electricals, the public service seniors, and the civils. All engineers will meet in front of their respective schools. Senior women will be wearing corduroy caps -with jaunty, black feathers in the parade. Gold Peppers, junior co-ed honotary, will be in light suede-belted jackets bearing the insignia of the organization, d.t.b. Deadline On WSGA Petitions Changed According to a recent announcement by Paula Zweirlein, WSGA president, freshman petitions for representatives to WSGA Executive Board must be in the organization’s office in the Union on or before noon Tuesday, October 1, instead of October 2, as previously stated in the Exponent. A mass meeting of all freshman women will be held Wednesday, October 2, in the Union. Elections of two coeds from the list <Jf petitions will be held Thursday, October 3, and passports must be shown before anyone may vote. Each petition must have the signatures of 26 freshman women enrolled in the candidate’s school and be drawn-up in the following manner: “We, the undersigned do hereby nominate for the positiqn of freshman representative on the WSGA Executive Board for the first sepiester.” n.Z. Bitl Martin Plays For Union Tea Dance Following Qa^e Bill Martin and his orchestra will ^ supply music for the tea dance today in the south ballroom of the Union. Dancing will begin immediately following the football game, and will_be continued until 6 p. m. The Union is sponsoring the dance, for which there will be no admission charge. r.l.h.
From The Captors “A statement from G. A. Young, printed in the Exponent concerning his stand as to the disposition of the trophy, will be required before it can be returned. “If he will impower some student group which represents all the engineering schools to judge the winner, have the trophy engraved, and arrange for its presentation, the trophy will be placed in the hands of this group in due time.” Dormitory Devils. Osborne Will Play Tonight For Annual Senior Cord Dance Will Osborne and his orchestra Will play tonight in honor of the seniors at the annual “Cord Dance.” Following a swing session to be held in the north ballroom of the Union from 7:00 until 8:00 p. m., both ballrooms will be opened to dancers at 9:00 p. m. Senior men wearing their cords, and senior women upon presentation of their passports, will be admitted without charge. All seniors are requested to enter first by the south door of the south ballroom. All other dancers will pay the regular admission price of one dollar. r.l.h. Brig. Gen. F.L. Martin, University Graduate, Receives Promotion Brig. Gen. Frederick L. Martin, ME ’08, of the Army Air Corps, was one of the 26 brigadier generals whom President Roosevelt yesterday elevated to the rank of major general. Martin entered the Army Air Corps almost immediately^ after his graduation from the University. He was a major in the first Army Air Corps flight around the world fifteen years ago. The flight started from California, and was scheduled to fly north over the Bering Straits. The plqne in which Martin and his mechanic were flying became lost in a blinding snow storm and crashed into the side of a mountain. A searching party scoured the region in which the plane was forced down but with no avail. Given Up For Dead Martin and the mechanic were given up for dead, but two weeks later they straggled back to civilization after suffering from exposure and a few broken bones, d.t.b. Model Makers Plan Inter-Club Meets Model Airplane club held its second meeting of the year last night in room 366 of the Union. Hal Knight, Union officer in charge of the club, was the principal speaker. Announcement was made of the availability of a room in the Union basement with work benches, lackers and other equipment for use by the model makers, and plans for a series of inter-club meets in the Fieldhouse were discussed. Dick Obarski is president of the club, f .i. j.
125 Couples
... attended the Union mixer last night in the north ballroom. Maury Mahn and his band furnished the music for the dance* e,w.m.
From G< A. Young “If this group of persons who have taken the senior trophy willget in touch with the president of ♦he Student Senate they will find that a committee has already been set up to handle the disposition of the trophy. The committee is composed of the president of the Senate, as chairman, and a member from each of the engineering honoraries.” G. A, Young.
Late News
The Triple Alliance, Germany. Italy and Japan, yesterday combined in signing a far-reaching treaty directed expressly toward the United States. They warn that American intervention in Europe will throw against us the concentrated power of, 250,000,000 people. Joachim von Ribbentrop, German Foreign Minister, expounds the treaty as meaiung basically that the United States is now faced with a choice between open participation or absolute non-belligerency. The first American reaction to the Berlin-Rome-Tokio alliance will probably be in the form of increased aid to Great Britain and general speeding up of the new defense program. Neither President Roosevelt nor Secretary of State Cordell Hull expressed great surprise at the formal announcement of the treaty. In their press conferences they gave the impression that the United States had long known of the possibility of such a treaty and that its effects had been taken into account in the determination of governmental policies, w.e.h. Nation's First Dairy Technician's Meeting Heicj At University As the two-day dairy technicians’ conference held on the campus closed yesterday, nearly 40 persons from over Indiana and six from oth- \ er states had registered. This conference was the first of its kind held in the nation. The conference was called by Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, to acquaint dairy technicians with federal rulings on butter and cream and to familiarize the specialists with proved techniques for determining certain required dairy tests. Listed on the program of speakers, besides University men, were representatives of the Indiana Board of Health, Indiana Milk and Cream Improvement Association and the Federal Food and Drug Administration of Washington, D. G.
j.a.p.
Modern Dance Club Elects New Officers At a meeting held Thursday evening in the Gym, the Modern Dance club elected the following officers: president, Bonnie Swope; and sec-retary-treasurer, Margie Hans. Monday evenings at 4 p. m. the senior club will meet with the beginners and dance under the instruction of Miss Knight, physical education instructor. The beginners will meet a^in on Friday at 4 p. m., and there wiU be an optional practice on Wednesday for anyone interested in putting in extra time. Regular meetings will be every Thursday night from 7 to 9 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. aj.w.
Season Opener Butler Hopes For Upset In 11th Contest Of Series Many Riveter Sophomores Expected To Display Talents In Today's Contest
By Joe Dolan
Exponent Sports Editor
From the big city of Indian^apolis this afternoon comes the small-time university football squad representing Butler to engage in a football contest with a big-time team, Purdue, located in this little village along the Wabash. In this battle, beginning at 2 p. m., footballs will rain, not bombs, and the only lucrative boundary to cross will be a goal line protected by each university’s representation. It’s the American way of doing,things. - Rankin Will Lead
University, Butler Bands Will Present Rival Shows Today
Had Doc Miller witnessed the final rehearsal of the Purdue Military Band yesterday afternoon, he undoubtedly would have ordered every musician confined to his room to relieve a severe ease of high blood pressure. Every one of the 160 men played in an inspired manner in the rehearsal for the musical performance for this afternoon.
y
The Butler University band has something new to offer for our entertainment. Under the leadership of Ellis Carroll, director of the band, a new 21-piece swing band will provide a lot of “jump” music during the afternoon. Some of their better numbers are “One O’clock Jump,” and “Jumpin’ At The Woodside.” Ten saxes, seven brass, and four rhythm instruments make up this novelty group. The eighty piece Butler band has quite a complicated system of leaders. First in the procession comes Magnolia De Hart, head drum major, who shares honors with Jerry Hadley as they turn hand-springs, march backwards, etc. Then come three fellow twirlers, the color guard, a six man row of twirlers, and then, atj.ast, the band itself. Later in the season this band will make trips to Wabash, and Washington University in St. Louis. Mo. e.w.m. Freshmen Will Get Dope On More Old Traditions At Game by Jane Ramsdell Freshtasen will witness tot the first time today ..at the game some of the traditions that will arouse “The Old Purdue Spirit” and make it a game never to be forgotten. When the seniors begin their annual parade, the eyes of those eds under the green pots will open with awe at the breath taking sight of their superiors all in one body moving en masse around the track. Various schools will pass in review with their expectant graduates swinging black canes and wearing tan—well, some of them didn’t get mutilated—cords. By the way, only seniors wear tan cords, even if you coeds did come down with a nifty pair of beige slacks. An occasional mustache will appear below the black defby and mark the hardy senior who had the stamina to withstand the freshman onsjanght. The parade will terminate with the seniors taking their places in a reserved section, and a feeling of exciting tension will prevail till the first touchdown is made. Even though the eds may misa,1^e rest of the touchdowns as they gi^e aboui; at the beautiful coeds, the first touchdown'^will not pass imneticed. As the ball crosses the line a cloud will cover the sky. Hundreds of derbies will fill the air and continue to blot out the sun till what was formerly a hat is now a shred.
Captain David Rankin will lead his squad onto the field as one of the most dubious football teams lever to represent the Boilermaker institution on the Banks of the Wabash. As a matter of fact, Rankin is the only man outside of Mike Byelene and Jim Miller who has seen enough action to be classed in the “Baptism of Fire” category; the rest of the squad having been forced to be mere spectators during the ’39 season due to the huge number of seniors on that squad. However, such a squad may prove to be just what the doctor ordered to pull the Boilermakers from their lethargic, seasonal exhibitions of the past
few years.
Spirited Youth Purdue’s squad is a comparatively young squad, when compared to other squads throughout the country, and such an opponent as Butler, whatever its national ranking, will provide an excellent proving ground for Mai Elward’s latest design to use as a prognosis test. Following the Butler bumps, come,seven of the most formidable hurdles - as ever an intercollegiate coach of the grand old game of body contact could be asked to pilot a team
through.
jl^ictory MeUns Much Should our boys clear this group of Bulldogs from Indianapolis, there is little doubt that the repercussion will send them against Ohio State next Saturday over at dblumbus with terrific momentum, as football teams are similar to nonmechanical propelled objects; give Purdue a victory, and an accelerajtion of spirit on the Boilermaker tquad will take care of itself. But ' Butler is no set-up. ,, No Set-Up The BuUdogs, with a light, fast backfield collaborated with a powerful, heavy, experienced line, have made no secret of the fact»that they (Continued on page three)
And So It Came To Pa$s ... that the fellows and gals must have a paper to take with them to their Saturday morning classes. This seemed like a Herciilean. task at 8 o’clock this afternoon, but now, at 9 p. m., we are resting a little more easily. About 7 we were “contacted” by the official spokesman of thnt ancient order of Purdue men, the “Dormitory Devil’s.” (1^ this time you have probably read their statement appearmg elsewhere on this page.) He was very serious but evidently entertained little fear of be* ing apprehended. Having given us his statement, he seemed contented to chat about the situation in general. Meanwhile, staff members were attempting to trace the caitt, bnt to no avail. It j^t goes to show how interested the students are in the perpetration of justice (I). w.eJu!
PUjRPpE E|;i>0NEIjfT
Saturday; September 28. 1940
'& '
A Proclatnatioii Hear Ye, Hear Ye! Ye olde and wise Seniors who have advanced in Skill and Know!--edge to that Stage of ye olde Education where ye are required to put on ye golden Cords, shall this Day betake thy selves to the appointed Place and there await the Signal of ye Trumpeter to march forth in a great Column to the Field of Battle. At the Field ye shall conduct thy Person in such a Manner as shall befit the dignity of an adult Person. Ye shall march around the Field in an orderly Column with great Solemnity and Piousness. Ye shall then retire to the restive Places surrounding the Field and There assume a sitting Position until such Time as the Contestants shall also enter onto the Field. Ye shall then arise from thy place and pay Homage to ye sturdy Defenders of the Gold and Black. Ye shall then resume thy iwsition of Rest. When the Band shall play “Hail, Purdue” ye shall also arise, remove any article covering thy head and loose thy Lungs in a Burst of Song. When the Contest doth wax Warm, ye shall remain Still and hold forth with a Calm Demeanor. At a given Signal from one of the Contestants a Person garbed in the Gold and Black of Ye Olde Purdue will cross a white Line with an object in the shape of an Oval. All ye Seniors shall then rise and cast Away thy head Coverings and shall temporarily give Vent to thy Feelings. After a reasonable Interval ye shall again resume thy Position. At the End of the Contest ye shall retreat to thy Place of Living. Ye shall at all Times remember that ye represent hot only Thy selves but also the almostcompleted Product of a Great University. Signed and Sealed, this twenty-eighth Day of September in the year of our Lord, nineteen hundred and forty. Ye Olde Scribe.
rfce ^th
With the demand for war materials by foreign powers and the present orders of the United States goy-
The Purdue Exponent
BttterM u lecond elait matter at the poet effiee in La> fayetto,. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided tor in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Deliver^ locally by carrier foT tS.OO per year, mail subBcriptioh $8.60. Bditer-in-Chlef— —W. Donaliae Bnaineas Manager ^———.—._~.«-Uarle Hagemfyar
News Etditor—_— Managing Editor.
Publication Staff
.D^ l! Bteipte Associate Editors: W. Bi. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J; A. Poroell, Ifc W. Buflner, B. M. Skallemp, J. Ik Traugott.
Business Staff
Local A^dyettising Managers: 1). 8. Poiwers, 6. C. Landers; Proaiiotion Manager, C. B. DaUgelmaJer; Accounts Manager, B. J. Sniuitofd: CireulatibU kUlcuiger,.' B. M.
Beetenwald.
Co-ed Staff
„Beth Simpson
Editor ........
Assocteta Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Both Bose, Donna
■SIms. '■
Sports Staff
Editor — — ..k_ J, P. Dolan Associate EdUdta: J. F.. Adamson, P. 0. Johnson, B. O.
Swainu
Phones: Editorial 400$; Buainasa 5038; Sports ?792 Bepreseuted for national adrrrtising by National Ad^ vertising Service, Inc., College PUblishen Bepreaentatltes, 420 Madim Avfc, New York, N. Y. Night Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Rose Stooge: Parcell Ass’t Night Editor: F. I. Jones Sophomores: E, W. McCnllongh, R. L. Hadley, D. T. Bro-. :phy, J. H. Armstrong. Jane Banisdell, Yir^nia Barson, A. Worsley.
ernment for machinery of war, industry is expanding rapidly. The only trouble is that with places like the Hercules Powder company . . . The expansion was too rapid. * ♦ *■ The republicans still seem very hopeful about the coming election. In oUr estimation they’re a little bit like the White Sox fans. They figure if they stick with it long enough they’re bound to win. Hf ♦ Jk Last night the headlines informed us that: PACT SAYS AXIS AND JAPAN MUST UNITE TO “INSURE PEACE” We figured that was their reason, but we can’t decide—^whether it’s a piece of China or Britain they want to insure. Or both, y ii( « The pact stated that: (1) Japan recognizes and respects Germany’s “new order” in the west. (2) Germany and Italy recognize and, respect Japan’s “new order” in the east. Which proves that they both recognize and respect one another. And hate our guts. In Egypt the Italians are still playing hide-and-go-seek with the English. They both go about bombing one another with great gusto. It’s easy out there though. The desert would be kind of hard to miss. d.k.ii.
The fonowiuV >re Instructisns to be noted by fniluii^ «nd »I1 uvpepdayimefi on (be ewe And use of thdr. passpe^rts (referred to m' UmdiMtfbn 'csi^ tiunuimont the n»4fef)« kute Afstr^biUe^ $0 stndentji during ntis wetik. Passports are Issued to aU Universite Students: signlfylnir payn^^^nt of medical, recreational Sind activity fees. Students should keep their identification cards with the|ii at all times. Please remember that this card is for the exclusive use of the student to whom it is issued. Any student misusing his identification card by* selling, lending, or giving it to another person, is subject to sisciplinary action. The purposes of the identification card are*to serve the owner as follows: ' 1. Admit him to utadeiit convocations and athletic contests.
2. Make the services of the Student Health Service and the recreational facilities readily available to him. 3. Make it possible for him to obtain reserved seat tickets, marked student ticket, for athletic contests. Instructions relative to obtaining reserTe4 seat tickets will be published in the Exponent. Student tickets are not to be sold or given away. 4. Prove his identity to merchants and others concerned. Any student who loses his identification cord is requested to notify the ticket manager at the Fieldhouse at once by letter, by telephone, or in i^rson. It will take approximately two weeks to obtain a dupUcate card and will cost the student $1.00. Any student who was not photographed at registration time is re-
quested to have his photograph taken for his identification card on S^tprdays from 10:50 to 11:50 a. m., in room 2, Stanley Coulher Ilall. E.C. ELLIOTT, PreOidOBt of the Urivoreity* Cameron ^Bradley of Southboro, Mass., a recent Ifarvard graduate and vice president of the Veteran Motor Car Club of America, spends his spare time collecting old automobiles. He has 16 pre-1910 models.
O A o £3' “ M3
To ye who have your upper lips yet adorned .with tiie fowtii year fuzz—je are scarce as the hair on your lips. Freshmen this year, so it seeins to us, have shown diabolical talent for the tonsorial art. —— Fraternities aren’t the only ones participating in inter class festivities. A number of the sororities are also giving their seniors a bit to worry abput. The underclasspisii at the Kappa house borrowed the mattresses ofi the senior’s beds the other night so in retaliation, the senioiB swiped, the upperclassmen’:^ keys (pips tp you). The underclass-' men tlien wore recogniiipn keys in their place. Pon’t ask ps how it was all done. —B&B— Professor Owen of the General Engineering department put himself on record the other day in class as believing that anyone who is mentioned in this vile colui^n of slime is a “big shot.” We fePl that members of a class shoidd be no bigger shots than the professor. Therefore we mention his name. Professor Owen, we hereby dub thee big shot. —B&B— Statistics show that there were more and lairger mustaches this year than any time in the past history of the tradition. Either the seniors are getting older or are maturing sooner. The depression would add years to anyone or, on the other hand, this bunch could be a smarter lot; so you decide—we give up for the present until more statistics are available. —B&B— We love statistics. —B&B— That bit, about Annabel Teeter yesterday, came in as a contribution but we did not find out the whole story till today. It seems that certain group of Civils wanted her to ride at the head of their group this afternoon and if she refused, they threatened to have the story of her engagement printed. We hate to have people threatened with us. Anyhow she refused. Not the ring but to ride. —B&B^ We wish to protest'fold action hy one Pave Clark pf the Mechapieal School. We ^^understand that he knows the whereabouts of fhe trophy but wpa’t tell If someppe steals a*trophy he is a thief or a trophy-papper. All thieves are thrown put of sphopl. Therefore h® won’t tell. As a good mechanical we would like to see him thrown out, thereby causing his school to b® deficient by a percent or so so that the trophy could go to the mechanicals again. Ain’t I a ghopl?
"a ON
■EXTRA PETE SMITH
dewEieve Tobias Gharile fiugdlQS fUyo JOaVN • • tesAf ftSAVERS STARTS TODAY MARS
RYDER ^ DON .t.., BARRY
-SyNDAY - MONDAY/”tONE WQlf STRIKES" "HPNEYMOpj^ IN WALT DISNEY CARTOON
SUN -MON.—2 HITS
LAST DAY-r-^Z HITS The Smashing Drama Behind Today's Headlinesl UNGENSORED!
•wWi Woody .harrip Eatrle Knowles PLUS—2ND FEATURE
Sportsmanship
Today’s game with Butler opens Piirdue’s 1940 football season. At this time we should be concfiriied not only with the outcome of the game, but also with the attitude toward the outcome. Sportsmanship should not be taken for granted.If Sutler wins today, give th^ltn credit for it, In the eyes of a sportsman any good performance deserves applause, even if it is executed by one’s opponent. But on the other hand if our opinion! differs from that of the referee, po unsportsman-liko action should be taken, After all he is in q much more advantageous position to observe and render a decision than we are. His decisions are final and our booing would be wasted energy that shoilild be spent on supporting our team. Naturally we wapt Pur(Iue to win, and a wipping team needs the support of the spectators. If the seniors start a cheer, help them out even though you are a member of fhe class of ’44. Remember the thing that counts is that we are all Boilermakers and rooting for Purdue—not j ust our school or class. Win, lose or draw, it will be a good game. And though pur visitors may not depart with victory, they should leave with the impression that the Purdue student body is sportsmanlike and fair in all cases. Bill Delmer, Yell Mgr.
To Discuss New Ideas V In an effort to co-ordinate all campus activities, representatives of all activities are asked to mpet on Wednesday, October 2, at 7 p. m. to discuss, new ideas and the unnecessary or overlapping functions of the various organizations. This plan has been instigated by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, and is being carried out by the Activities Bureau. At the beginning of the meeting each representative will present an outline of the program that is being carried out by their respective organization this year. An open discussion will follow when suggestions for improvements may be made.
WBAA
Saturday 11:00 Just Kids. 11:15 Carolyn'Wood, soprano. 11:30 Musical Bound-up. 12:00 Market Reports. 12:25 Woman Shopper 13:30 M®et the Band. 13:45 Tune Tim®, (Charles Powell 1:00 Radio Stage. 1:3P Mildred Johnson, pianist. 1:45 FoptfinU Game: Pnrdne vs. Butler,
WM n
0W6
Speedbaii, a neW sport on the campus this year, is a game e-very-one wants to play. Practices are held every Tuesday and, Thursday at 4 o’clock. Only six practices are required to make the team. Come out and bring all of ypur friends. —WAA— K you’re afraid to be seen .on a goK course, but still would like to ' he able to swing a golf club, drop in the gym sometime at 4 o’clock and Marjorie Brown, sports head of golf, will show you some of the techniques. ~^AA— Mixed recreation, held every Friday night in the Women’s Memorial Gym, from 8 to 10 p. m., is bigger than ever this year. Gome down with the crowd. There will be swimming, badminton, volleyball, ping-pong, and various other games. —WAA—‘ Hockey, archery, and fencing are now in. Why not try to make tfife team or work for yourself ? It’s ffin.
-^TODAY--DOUBLE FEATURE
rAiifV Randolph France* Ralph Walter ..:.PLWS. ■ LEW AYRES ' ■: in Young Dr. Kllcfaire
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONJTE
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSiS NOW BEING ORGANIZED BaUtit# Tap an4 Ballroom Claseu Divided According to Age phone 2|5P ENROLL SAT., SiPTr 28 AUUEN^SfiTii A wmwi
Starts TOMORROW She tolfl him he’4 »k\CK^ out of^ ^ married life -. * andMiii* 1:;!^
A Farameuni FIclwre with
Gloda Pick$Qii • Frank f ay Mm Ealffli» Gpnrad NagEl
iAi^T TIMES TODAY
WWUV ^ MACK , TEMPLE - GAKiE , ' GREEmOD young
'V'
11'
I’ i
>'■
'>.-y
y
ml
111.V . /
‘. ‘ "■ Vv-Jp^' $'Mi J ^ . W « (- •?!-'^-.^ ^w•^ ' J-*-^^ M
\ t-'
$«rtur4(Z3r€ Harriets Oppose lU Tracksters In First Jaunt Of fSdiedule Probably the toughest crosscountry schedule in Boilermaker track history confronts the charges of Coach Herman Phillips as they prime for the beginning of another ambitious year. At present, the Riveter harriers are pointing toward the Indiana meet, which will take place on the cinder paths of RossAde stadium,one week froih yesterday a^ 4:15 p. m. The classy band of Hoosiers, accompanied by Coach Hayes, a mentor who has consistently turned out good track teams for a number of years at the Bloomington institution, represent a potential national champiQnship aggregation. Such men as Campbell, Kane, and Ed Tolliver are recognized throughout the nation as outstanding runners. In addition there are Hedges, Wilt, a capable sophomore, and Boerdgess. In all, practically the same squad that put I. U. in the national spntlight 1st season have once again assembled under the same banner. Veterans Plus Sophomores Coach Phillips will lead a group into the meet that is interspersed with veterans and some sophomore aspirants. The seasoned performers are led by Captain Ed Holderman, a distance man of almost phenomenal stamina, whose endurance is almost legend to Boilermaker tr^ck followers. Reeves, Schulman, and McLaughlin complete a strong quartet. Much is expected of second year men Appleton, Jentsch, and Stanley. Twenty men have reported for the pre-season warm-ups. According to Phillips,^ this is the greatest number pf mpn that Gold and Biack harriers bpgs^9$l* “And maybe it is a good thing,” stated^ Phillips, "for we certainly have one of the toughest cards in the country.^’
MeMOurNewCombMim, ABC Halibacks
Indians, Yanks Bow Out of A. 1. Raco; Detroit Beats Feller, 2 To 0 Detroit: Won, 90; lost, 62. (Hevglaud: Won, 87; lost, 66. Difference: three games. Games to be played: t^fo. These were the vital statistics of American Leajgue baseball after the Detroit Tigers ended the pennant hopes of the Cleveland Indians yesterda|f. Bob Feller wove what could have been a three-hit masterpiece, hut nrisa^ the “masterpiece” phase by issuing eight walks and a home-run baD, tjifae latter to Rudy York in the fourth inning with Gekringer on base. Rookie Cools Indian Bats
Back in the middle ’30’s, Purdue boasted of its famous touchdown twins, Jim Carter and Duane Purvis; during the past two seasons came the famous “Three B’s,” composed of Mike Byelene, Lou Brock, and Jack Brown, three halfbacks who struck terror wherever they ran, punted, or passed. And this semester’s sophomore combination can boast of three ojf tjiie best sophomore bucks in the country in Purdue’s 1940 “A9t5" cmnhinntum, poipposed of Bed Carter, a speedster of the first water; Bryant Brock, a passer delux; and Paul Anderson, pile driving runner. AH three are sophomores, and oddly enough Carter is the brother pf the faptous Jiip Carter of touchdown twin fame, and Bryant Brofdc is a brother of the. virile Lou Brpek, of the three B’s. Anderson, however, had no kin precede him to the Boilermaker institution. j.p.d.
WesleyDromaClub WillShow'The Victor' Members of the Wesley Players Religious Drama Club under the direction of Ann Pierce will present a one act play entitled “The Victor,” by Elliath Field, tomorrow evening at 6:30 at the West Lafayette Methodist church. This play marks the initial performiance of the season. The cast includes Darrel Roach, David Folger, Walter Koester, Bei^ Ludherg, Warren Holison, and William Garlic, j.h.
University Camera Club Invited To Fowler Show A major event on the program of the Third Annual Indiana Com Festival, which will be held in Fowler, October 3, 4, and 5, will be the exhibit sponsored by the Fowler Camera club. Advance entries indicate that upwards of 126 prints will be on display. The exhibit will be open every afternoon and evening during the festival. The club management has authorised the Exponent to extend a cordial invitation to all members of the University Camera club to visit the Fowler show. w.e.h.
Debris Will Notify Seniors Of Sittings Post cards concerning sittings for Debris senior photographs are now being sent to seniors, ai^pording to W. A. Darling, Debris junior editor. The fee for the photograph will be $1.50, and must be paid at the time of the sitting, Darling said.
Conference Teams Open Season Today Only four Big Ten teams will see action in the season’s opener today, the others confining their gridiron activities to signal practices and freshmen scrimmages. Ohio State, the leading contender for Mid-west-ern supremacy, meets Pittsburgh in their initial battle. Teams Travel Par, Except Purdue Michigan tangles with California, Minnesota encounters Washington, and Purdue engages Butler in the other pigskin classics. Northwestern won’t play until October 6th when they meet Syracuse. Indiana and Wisconsin have frosh scrimmages, and Iowa and Illinois begin hostilities next week. The starting line for the Buckeyes outweighs the Panther contingent eleven pounds to the man. The Ohio State backfield, le# Hy Captain Jimmy Langhurst and Don Scott, out average the Pittsburgh ball toters by six pounds. The other big test will come when Minnesota and Washington tangle at Minneapolis. Pour years ago, the Gophers defeated thp Huskies 14 to 7, and that was th,e
SERVICE..
For quick service ... for speedy results . . . have your dinner in the COFFEE SHOP. Whether you are looking for new dishes or improved old ones . . . whether you are looking for a complete meal or a snack between classes, drop in the COFFEE SHOP and you will be sur,e to find the answer to all c|)f your problems. \ Quick service, good food, pleasant surroundings and moderate price are the outstanding features of the COFFEE SHOP.
t ■ ■
THE COFFEE SHOP In the North Hall of First Fl^or
^JUAdwi TtlcmifdaL 'Wmn.
The Comer of the Campus^ Y«t the Ceniw of AcHviHes
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE UUCH OR lITTLE
vortf ALWAVf WEUOMf AT WfilARECM 0R0$ STORES
HAMBURCIERS-5^ oil' L OiRlLL ,345 HWp tfc® yuteps
JUMBO TENDERLOINS lOf!
■ TODAY YOU'LL NEED PENNANTS and SOUVENIRS We Have Them for You University Bodt Store Across from the Union-— Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Rpple» *40
Feller’s mates did little to reme^ the situation, collecting only six singles the pitching of rookie Floyd Giehel, who recently joined the Tigerp from Buffalo of the International League. In the third mning Clevdand failed to score iyith runners on first and third with novfi out, qnj in the eighfh again disap-pointed-'the home town fans after getting runners on second and third with only pUje out. New York’s retiring Yankees slipped fprever from the picture glqng with CleveiaiMi, losing to the Athletics, 6-2. The Yanks, playir^ three games while Cleveland engages in pply two more, have a mathematical chance to displace the secpnd-plaee Indians. The only other mterest^pg contest -of the day was provided by the Boston Red Sox and Washington Nationals, the Nationals hanging on for the fipst few pitches, and then being disposed pf by the Sox, 24-4. l.w.a.
year the western boys won the Pacific Coast title. Washington May Have Slight Edge Again in 1938, the mW-^estem team v^on 15 to 0, and that year Minneauta won the Western Confejrence championship This year Washington is being mentioned aa a jumtender for the title on the W^t coast, which .coach Jimmy Phelan depips vigpropsly. The Big school V lath^y an nnknown at the imesent, hut they come UP with a strong team. hd.s.
((^ontinned from page 1) scent a PhJ^a tp upset Elw9rd*s green pr>!^u>ct. C^ampicgis x>f the ^ Indiana fpr the past six years, and npdpfaa^^ laat season. Coach Tpny Hihhle’s veterans '^ere impT'easivn in .tibmr opening pyer St. Jppeph CoUege last No B’s, But ABC’s TtnPhghio^t ihp contest, pppyidiBg the iRpmhinatipn dp^"^ ipadupp pnpngh iafaita tp^9»fd and iaio Butler BHwacd expectad |1^ tDT grid wi^ his gue^piMihle sppli^fffns, ippln^^ the ABC sophomore backfighl ^ AndersPO, and Carter* of the highe# regarded spphpnipipes in the npunl^. Jim Cary, Perp s^-. ompre, T^ Smerkp, and Snyder, other sophompins, gae .Expected to break into the lineup in the signal caHing spot, in the line. Boilermaker fans will , be presented to two new ends, McCaffery apd Shimmer; a few rugged tackles pf ihp soph .season, WmeXn, Ppwprjs, and P’Bryan. In the Ppntpr spot “Duteh” VanAhen and Bpggeri, a PPnRle nf grpen-hptnd* be given a <han«p jn t^ihe » at loosening the BuUdog’s jaws. The an lows: Purdue Position Bat|gr RanUn (C) LE Crawfqfd A. Bpssi LT,.— Dezelan MiHer LC ,— Dugger Axton C Purkhiser WincheU RG To^e Tiinpe«»an RT. Bah^d Combs BB„ — RohesidB Kersey QB Apts GeJLyi® LH. Swager Byelene RH Feichtpr Petty FB Mosley DFFipjALS-^j^efm^* Mike Layden,, Notee- Dame; umpire, Bt^mt Hamilton, Notare Dame; field ju^^ Meyer Morton, Michigsm; hap4 %psinanj Rpy KnipschHd. Chicafo. IM Sche^plps Sept«aili«r W Diamcmd 1 Pi Kaiq»a Phi vs. PM Kapsa Sien*. 2 Kappa Sigma vs. Sigaw PL 3 Delta Obi vs. PM Sigma Kappa. 4 Sigma Cbi vs. Beta SigW Pi^ 5 Delta Taa Delta vs. Sigma No. 11 w«^ 2 vs. Ward 14. i ^ 13 Alpha fiamma Bbo vs. Aloha Sfarma nn 1« Ward 8v*.Ward2lk 17 Ward 8vs.Ward2K 18 Wardllvs. W|irdl2T. 6 ..1rTrri^rv^. ;;'-'v:‘‘:’;!.,;r'^';;'>r *■">'< '"’ ■ ■■>•,■-; .-./■'.•'i' ' ,, "-'7 ■■■:,• '.''t-r;-- -- ‘
''K7' ''
l%jM m%' |i'7 1;''' PJ' Illf-'K" /a" ! '
A\~ .#
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Salur;i<iy* September 28, 1940
Tomorrow In WBAA Renews Series
The Churches Trinity English Lutheran Churdi t H. C. Stolldorf, Pastor 10:30 a. ni. Chief Service, Sermon, “A Well-Balanced Christian.” 6:00 p. m. Luthem Students Vesper Service will be held at the home of Pastor H.' C. Stolldorf, 626 N. 9th street, Lafayette. Purdue Christian Foundation, Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North streets, Lafayette 9:30 Student Class: “Courtship and Marriage” series continued by Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Reynolds. 10:40 Chui'ch Service: Doyle Mu; len will speak concerning “On the ‘ Return of the Modern Prodigal
Son.”
6:15 Ten cent supper at 126 Chauncey street. 6:00 Forum at church, discussion topic, “Shall We Organize?” West Lafayette Baptist Church Columbia and Chauncey ' 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams club class. Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m. Church Worship Service. Sermon by the pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason. Subject, “An Active, Strong Church for a Pagan World.” The choir will sing two anthems: “Jerusalem, 0 Turn Thee to Thy God,” by Gaul, and “Praise Ye the Father,” by Gounod. 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m. Discussion group. Rev. Doyle Mullen, pastor of the First Christian Church, will speak on the subject, “The Student and the Church.” Methodist Students 9:30 a. m. Sunday School. Co-eds: 1. “Prayer,” Mrs. R. G. Thomas. 2. “Personal Problems,” Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Class: teacher, T. K.
Noss.
10:40 Morning Worship. - “Emblems of the Eternal,” Dr. Steele. 5:15 Student supper, 15c. 6:00 p. m. Epworth Le^igue. • 6:00 p. m. Fellowship Hour. 6:30 p. m. Wesley Flayers’ One Act Drama, “The Victor.” 7:15 p. til. Worship^ Service on “Courage.' University Presbyterian Church John W. Findley, Pastor and Direc- ^ ■ tor, Westminster Foundation ■ •' R. S. Thomas, Assistant North Street at Grant Sunday, September 29 " 9:30 a. m. Sunday morning discussion group. Address by Dr. F. B. Knight, division of applied psychology, Purdue. Subject: “Difficulties or Opportunities?” 10:45 a. m. Worship and preaching service. Central Presbyterian "Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafayette. Dr. Graham will preach.’ 5:00 p. m. Congregational meeting of University Presbyterian Church. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening club. Supper at 6:00. Program at 7:00. Mr. Albert P. Stewart, director of music, Purdue, will have charge of the program. Former Student Injured ' Second Lieutenant Stacey Standley, of Fort Wayne, was seriously injured yesterday when the army training plane in which he was riding crashed near Berg’s Mill, Texas. He was a member of the class of - '36, and was a Sigma Nu. e.w.m.
Of Broadcasts Direct From The Classroom Campus radio station WBAA will continue and expand its’ series of classroom broadcasts this school year, according to an announcement made yesterday. Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history, economics and government department, will continue his regular lectures in “American Institutions,” which will be broadcast direct from his classroom. These lectures will be given each Monday at 11 a. m. Current Problems Gordon Enders, of the history, economics and government department, will carry on his discussions on current problems, now under the title, “Far East Problems and Contemporary Affairs,” at 11 a. m. on
Wednesdays.
A third classroom lecture series will be that of Prof. T. K. Noss, of the education and applied psychology department, in his course, “Urban Sociology,” on Mondays at 1
p. m. j.a.p.
Major
. . . Hollis, former Purdue student, has been transferred, to the Panama Canal Zone. Major^ollis was stationed with the military department of the University \from 1928 to 1932. He was also :^nbing instructor at the University ^rrng
that time. r.s.k.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for s^, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
Vocational Training For Women Feature Of Publication Issue Within the last few days, a new issue of Purdue News featuring vocational training for women at the University has been published and distributed. This new edition gives a complete outline of the courses which the Univei'sity offers for women and the vocations for which they are able to prepare. Some of the more unusual occup^itions listed for women are: government' employment, hospital pharmacy technique, preparation for technical journalism, nm*sery school teaching, personnel, photography, preparation for physical therapy, pre-law, radio broadcasting, science museum work, and speech correction. Anyone interested may obtain a copy in the Dean of Women’s office, a.r.w. County Ag Alumni Will Meet At Lunch Approximately 100 county University agricultural alumni advisors and county agricultural agents will gather here today for a luncheon, following which the group will attend the Butler game in a body. Arrangements for the meeting were completed by W. 0. Mills, secretary of the University Agricultural Alumni Association. The luncheon will be held in the Faculty Lounge of the Union at 11 o’clock. j.h.a.
WoritcNi Students who wether Iwr the Hegtotonr during the first ftenweter i««istx»tlon and turned in their time iMfwmpW, WW Stet their check by callina *t the Ke«istr«r»s office. —STONE.
PA SntMMt Open bid for F. A. system tear PIA te» dances. InformaNon; at the PIA office in the Union. —^BLDElIt. Camera Club« Darkrooms will be closed at 6 P. m., 'Tuesday, Oct. 1, for at least four days to permit repairs. All club members who haw locks on . lockers must again in book at West Desk. New lockers will be placed in Boom 86 before Sunday evening, ls)cks will be cut Tuesday on those lockers whose lessees have neglected to indicate their lockers in the book. —ARCHIBALD. Lutheran Students; The first Sunday evening Vespers meeting of the L. S. A. will be held Sunday evening at 6 p. m. at the home of Pastor H. C. Stolldorf, 626 N. Ninth St,. Lafayette. The meeting will consist of a lunch followed by an Informal fire side discussion program. All Lutheran students are cordially invited to
Science Seniors; Meet at Kappa House to form for the parade at 12:46 Saturday, September 28 and move to t^ arao^. —OSWAljle
student Credit Union: Business will be done through Rev. W. McFadden during next week. _-BBLCHBB.
5th Year Seniors or Better: Cord Parade for all 5th year seniors or better. Meet at University and Stadium avenues Saturday at 1 P. m. -CLINE.
All Men: All men interested in varsity or freshman swimming ate invited to atteim the Dolphin swimming reception, luesday. Oct. 1, at 7:30 p. m., in the east faculty lounge of the Union. HERE
\a11 Gold Peppers: Please meet at Chi Omega house Saturday, September 28, at 12:45 p. m. Be prompt, it is very important that you be there. ' BBNNET. Reamers: Very important meeting Monday, September 30. at 7 p. m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union, will be voted upon. ^ —±iUJlL,lJN. Cleveland Purdue Club: First meeting of the year to be held Tuesday, October 1, at 8 p. m., in room 366 of the ^nion,^
H. E. Seniors: Meet Saturday, September 28, at 12 ;46 p. m. in front of the Women s Gym for the cord parade, Proceed at once to the Armory. —PICKLKIJNG.
Russ-Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone, 2407.
Wanted: Dressmaking, cloak lining. Remodeling, alteration and mending of both ladies and gents garments. Phone, 61784. 117 N. Chauncey, W. Lafayette. One or two students to share apartment with two others. Cooking privileges. Phone
7242t
Notices
No notices received after 6 p. m. All Lutheran Students: Lutheran Student’s club is having an outing on Sunday, September 29. All Lutheran students are welcome. Meet in front of Fowler Hall at 1:30 p. m. If you have a car to assist in transportation, please call 5764. —MAROZICK.
Freshman Association: Meeting Monday, September 30, at 4 :16 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —JONES.
Play A ^^CLEAN'^ Game Enjoy the thrills of fall sport in smart clean clothes—snappy and bright looking. The zest of vigorous play is enhanced with clothes dry cleaned for perfect neatness, for durable comfort.
r I N E
CLEAN ERS OF FINE CLOTHE
FRESHMEN— Those who have been receiving comphmentary copies of the PURDUE EXPONENT must subscribe immediately or delivery will be discontinued. Subscriptions may be obtained at the west desk of the Union Building. THE PURDUE EXPONENT 310 North Fifth Street Pbone 5038
'No Time For Comedy,' Hit Qf Season
Audiences will have their first opportunity to see “No Time For Comedy,” the laugh hit of the new film season, when the James StewartRosalind Russell co-starring picture opens an engagement today at the Mars Theatre,
Tau Beta Pi; Meeting Wednesday, October 2 at 4 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Debris Photog Staff; Meeting in room 302 of the Union Monday, September 30 at 4 p. m. —WHITE.
Sophomore Union Workers: Following members of Tea and Reception Committee please meet in Union office Monday, September 30, at 4 p. m.: Gossett, Hardin, Darrow, Jackson, Lind, Scarff, McCauley, Esping. Reeves, Gleason, Hudson, and van Gorkom. —SCHAUPP, BRANDT.
/
All Students: Any students interested in doing art work for the 1941 Debris see Jean Jones in the Debris office on Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, September 30 October 1, October 2, at 4 p. m. —JONES. Senior Mechanicals: Form at 1 p. m. ^turday, September 28, at the Mechanical Engineering Building for the cord Must have 120% turnout to retem the trophy. —WIST. Student Counselors: All student counselors for men are to turn in their freshman interview cards to the personnel office as soon as the interviews ore complrt^^^ Gimlet Actives and Pledges: Meet at the northeast end of Stuart Field Saturday, September 28, at 12 :46 p. m. p^TTY
HERSHEY KISSES
DAD'S
In Any Quantity
PLACE
LARGE HERSHEY BARS
So Handy
Purdue Women’s Club; Two Splash hours in the Women’s gym on Tuesday, October 1, and Thursday, October 3, at 10 a. m. Each person must bring a doctor s Permit, her own cap, and ten cents. Regular swimming classes will begin Tuesday, oTtobTr 16. Mrs. K. W. Crain is in charge of the swimming group this
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Professional
• Tailor
Phone 3928 Res. 6431 MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Lafayette, Indiana
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
BE READY for the opening game with ‘‘Game Accessories”—such as: Pennants, mascots, freshman pots, Senior Girl’s Caps (Distributed here) and souvenirs. from niUniE BOOK ^SUPPLY STORE
kVLS CRUXMJVr—.MANABM
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE HMD
“Purdue’s Friendly Meeting Place”