‘ .f» ^ 1 '* '* ' j!^!5 ' ^ ^
7;i <x •■ j t'Hi''«4...-.
r
NEW COLUMN /Witches' Beat'
Appears On Edit Page
Established 188»
XfiO^ient w Bucket Back Ijiome
SPORTS COLUMN I Comments On Ofd [ Oaken Buckets Return
^ Volume 56, No. 82
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, November 27, f94S
Students Will Need Passports For Elections
WRH Residents Senate To Hold ElectionsSDXNom/nat/onsOpen
Hold Elections
Of School, Class Representatives Por Rass/e fC/ng, Queen
Women’s Residence Halls of the University held elections this week in which 30 officers were named to goverti the three halls during the current semester. Officers
Former Indiana
Selected by residents of the halls are the following officers: North Hall—Lucy Goetz, president; Mary Lois Coquillard, secretary-treasur-er; Beth Dilts, social chairman; Jean Yargar and Mary Mattix, members at large; Katrent Truax, V Mary Daniel, Jo Patterson, Betty Lou Dunn and Jody Lewis, corridor representatives. South Hall—Carol Jackson, president; Kate Van Fleit, secretary-treasurer; Betty Glass, social chairman; Nancy Giffin and Virginia Feller, members at large; Mary Ann Beem, Amy Clark, Martha Carnes and Ann Baker, corridor representatives. Wood Hall— Edna Balch, president; Marjorie Blakeslee, secretary - treasurer; Marilyn Glenn, social ' chairman; Susie Marvel and Jan Siple, members at large; Jean Riggs, Shirley Madro, Dorothy Van Liew, Shirley Whippo, Ruth Bergman and Dorothy Hegdal, corridor representatives.
Dean Will Speak
Monday From 8 Until 5:30 In Union Prexy Elliott Calls
Meeting To Discuss Christmas Vacation
Union To Hold
On Women's Rights
Prof. Agnes Wells, widely known personage in civic and educational circles and formerly dean of women at Indiana University, will address a public meeting December 7 at 7:30 in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building at the University. Her address will be on the proposed constitutional amendment declaring equal rights for women. Preceding the meeting Professor Wells will be guest of honor at a dinner in the home economics dining room. The dinner, like the meeting, is open to the general public, but reservations should be made within the next few days by anyone desiring to attend by calling 5759 or 2306.
Callout Monday For Workers
To develop and encourage a spir=^ it of democratic living in the halls is the purpose of hall officers.
Governing Board Personnel , Governing board, a group composed of four officers from each hall, which coordinates the student government in the three halls and plans lai’ge social functions, elected the following officers: Edna Balch, governor; Betty Glass, social chairman, and Lucy Goetz, secretarytreasurer.
Prominent Personage Professor Wells, a member of the mathematics faculty of Indiana University since 1924, has a wide acquaintance of state and also of national education affairs. She is a past president of the Association of Deans of Women, American Association of University Women, Business and Professional Women’s Club, and holds life membership in the dean’s organization and the National Education Association.
Student Union, service organization interested primarily in the entertainment of the student body, is holding a callout Monday for all students desiring to work for the group. The meeting will be held at .4:15 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. Need Sophomores, Freshmen The callout will be for sophomores and freshmen who want to take part in the Union activities, which include sponsorship of horse shows, bridge tournaments, bowling tournaments, variety show, receptions for convo artists, publication of campus traditions, war stamp sa'les and dances. Freshmen and sophomore workers design and paint the backdrops for dances and posters. At the end of their sophomore year. Union workers may petition for a position on the junior board. Senior board members are selected upon the basis of their work done as a junior vice president.
Student Senate elections will be held next Monday from 8 until 5:30 in front of the Sweet Shop. Those wishing to vote must present either a passport or schedule card. Set-up Changed Since there have been very decided/changes in the size of enrollment, some schools have combined to name one representative each from the sophomore and junior classes. Schools included^ in this group are physical eduction, agriculture, pharmacy and forestry. Four sophomores from the engineering schools and one sophomore and junior from each of the science and home econoomics schools will
be elected.
Candidates for Election
CurtissWright Will Start New
Class In January
Leevy Writes Article
A. P, Stewart
In Research Journal
Wiggen, Bright Die Wednesday In Plane Crash
Those who have filed petitions are as follows: Juniors in civil engineering, Bob Whitless, Ed Siebert and Robert Esch; sophomore engineering, Don Barry, Carl Winkler, Laurence Earle, Arland Borgenson and Art Goris; junior in chemical engineer, Warren Jackman; juniors in electrical engineering, Paul Dodge and Alvin Henderson; junior home economics, Martha Lee Riggs and Jean Shera; sophomore home economics, Rosemary Riordan and Vh’ginia Lutz; sophomore science, Phyllis Hall, Robert Adler, Sally Hodgson, Frances Allen and Charlene McAtee; junior science, Karlann Smith, Marge Miller, Faye Gumper and Betty Harrison; sophomore pharmacy, agriculture and physical education, Cleonice DeKay and Donald Foltz; junior mechanical engineering, Ed Gibbs and Sgt. Burt Rubens.
Early in January a new group of Curtiss-Wright women, numbering approximately 100, will arrive on campus for an intensive 10-month engineering course, it was announced yesterday by Miss Ruth Morrison, head of the CurtissWright personnel at the University. With a few minor changes, the new class will study the curricula the former class has been studying, which includes courses in drafting and a study of radio and electronics. It was announced that 83 of the Curtiss-Wright women now at the University will graduate on December 15 after having successfully completed their studies. These girls will be sent directly into Cur-tiss-Wright plants, probably those in Louisville, Ky., and Columbus, Ohio.
Members of the executive committee met yesterday afternoon to discuss the question of Christmas vacations for civilian students. President E. C. Elliott stated that the matter was still under discussion and that further information was necessary before a decision could be reached. The meeting was called by President Elliott Wednesday following comments made at the convocation for students on Tuesday, when he promised that the matter of Christmas vacation would be reviewed carefully. The next regularly scheduled meeting of the executive committee is scheduled for Monday, December 6.
WBAA Will Hold
Catholic Students To Sponsor Breakfast After 9:30 Mass
Announcing, Acting
Tryouts On Thursday
. . . director of musical organizations, will go to Chicago tomorrow, where he will act as musical director for the national 4-H congress which will be held there for four days. At the congress national and state 4-H winners will be honored for their achievements.
Dr. J. Roy Leevy, of the division of education and applied psychology, is the author of an article, “Post-war Teaching of Sociology,” which appeared in a recent issue of the Sociology and Social Research Magazine, published by the University of Southern California.
Victory Varieties Performs
For Huge Thanksgiving Crowd
By Nita Garrett Victory Varieties, the ninth show of its kind aimed straight at the service man’s heart, nevei’theless played Thanksgiving night to a capacity crowd including students and townspeople. Notable for a preponderance of leggy blondes and good old-fashioned burlesque comedy, the varieties rolled on in its energetic and slightly corny way. Art Kassel Stars Art Kassel, maestro of the evening, doubled in brass as master of ceremonies. His band was also noticeably versatile. For instance, Jimmy Peddlestone, his featured vocalist, introduced by Kassel as the “poor man’s Sinatra,” also doubled at drums. One clarinetist filled in at vocals, and another member of the band divided his talents between saxophone and clarinet. , Interwoven with the various acts were several Art Kassel arrangements, done in the usual brisk, bubbling Kassel tempo. Gloria Huff, his vocalist, one of the few nonblonde feminine entertainers, melted a large sailor down to her size Vfith her interpretation of a song called “My Great Big Bundle of Blue.” Blondes Predominate Hubert Dyer, the pixilaj^ed little man in the outsize clothes, literally “fell thr'ough” his act with the aid of his athletic platinum-haired girl stooge, who disappointed the customers by not falling into their laps as she swung herself out over the footlights. Ada Lynne, former child movie actress, now turned impressionist, songstress and dancer, did a highly vigorous interpretation of bond-
selling movie celebretities and presented her ideas of the origin of several popular dances. Novelty Acts Well Received The Vagabonds, four colored boys who rated a considerable amount of applause, lustily harmonized in several scheduled numbers and three encores, “Roseann of Sharon,” “Coming in on a Wing and a Prayer” and a spirituel, “My Lord What a Morning.” Betty Whalen, again blonde and possessing photogenic legs, was whirled and tossed through sinuous adagio routines by her muscular also blonde brother. Maurice. The Four Franks, novelty musicians and dancers, featured a small Betty Hutton looking blonde who possessed amazing lung power and stamina. Her Scarlett O’Hara love scene with her brother as Rhett Butler was pure old-time slapstick. The other members of the foursome specialized in straight more sophisticated tapping. Soldier Receives Ride, Kiss Not to be passed over without comment were Joy Adrienne and her problem-child fake mule Hank. Hank was fascinated by the audience and ambled out to investigate possibilities for malicious amusement. After nosing about. Hank was called back to give a piggyback ride to a soldier, who was pushed into the background of the act after bis ride until Hank, doffing his (or rather her) mule skin, was introduced ns Joy’s n\olher. Mamma rewarded the soldier for his spoi’tsmanship with a hearty kiss before he left the stage to rejoin his buddies.
Frankfort firemen arrived too late to rescue Ensign Rodney F. Wiggin, 28 of Big Rock, 111., and David A. Bright, 24 Battle Creek, Mich., who were killed at 10:40 on Wednesday when their training plane crashed and burned as they were landing at the Lockport Airport, Frankfort. Names of the victims were released early last evening after the next of kin had been notified. Ensign Wiggin was in training as a flight instructor. Instructor Bright was a civilian flight instructor at the University. This is the first fatal accident in the history of the airport. Lieut. Commander Ernest G. Vetter, commanding officer of the navy flight training program at the airport, and Grove Webster, general manager of the Purdue Aeronautics Corporation, flew to Frankfort immediately when they were notified. They joined CAA and navy officials in an investigation to determine the cause of the accident. No Witnesses There weie no witnesses to the crash, but the Frankfort fire department and an ambulance responded quickly, Frankfort residents reported. The bodies were taken to the L. E. Moore & Son funeral home and will be sent to their homes with a guard of honor of fellow officers and instructors at the airport. Ensign Wiggin, a former Univei'sity of Illinois student, came to the University May 20. Instructor Bright, who learned to fly with the RCA'F, arrived April 12. Both men were married.
Oaken
Bucket
Retu
rns
King's Article Appears
In 'Successful Farming'
“Beefing on All Four” is the title of an article written by Professor Frank G. King, head of the department of animal husbandry of the Univeisity, which was published in the December issue of Successful Farming. After describing the present cattle market situation. Prof. King suggests the best types of cattle to feed under existing market conditions.
Pride and joy of the University, The Bucket, was returned late last evening and will rest in some undisclosed spot in the Fieldhouse until addition of the temporary “P.” Permanent “P” will be placed on the Bucket when enough money has been collected to buy the gold letter. It was back in 1929 that the idea of buying a gold letter by contributions from football fans was inaugurated. “Pop” Doan announced last evening that $25 has already been contributed toward purchase of the new “P.” To Name Captain, Outstanding Man Monday evening at 6:30 sharp the annual banquet will be given by the Lafayette Kinwanis Club at Lincoln Lodge for the varsity football team and coaches who won the new “P” for the Bucket. Two hundred and twenty-five people are expected to attend the baqquet, at which numerous awards are to he given. Most valuable member of the team will be announced along with next year’s captain, and letters will be presented to the team. Special feature of the program will be the presentation of a replica of the Bucket, made by C. A. Haag of the department of general engineering, to Guy Mackey, director of athletic affairs at the University. Wynkopp to Speak John Ave, president of Kiwanis, will preside during the program. Public relations dii’ector of the U. S. ]VIachine Corporation from Lebanon, A1 Wynkoop, will be main speaker of the evening. Three specialty acts from A1 Stewart’s musical organization are to furnish the music. Betty Wedge, Phyllis Underwood and Bill Luhman are to appear in solos. Bill Luhman, who is the new accompanist for the glee club and choir, will give an “artistic display of boogie woogie art.”
WBAA will hold auditions for the winter semester Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Music Hall studios, G. D. Williams, station program director, announced Monday. Tryouts for both announcing and radio stage will be held at that time; also pei’sons wishing to work on sound effects should register then. Previous experience in speech or broadcasting is not required; anyone may audition. However, in choosing new announcers emphasis is placed on voice pitch and quality. Voices should be deep and resonant, states Williams; for masculine voices, baritone or bass is preferred, and feminine voices should be contralto. Specific Qualifications WBAA must not be considered in the same light as other campus activities, Williams also points out. Instead of “signing up” as workers, as in other activities, only a limited number of students having the desired basic qualifications can be chosen and trained.
Newman Club, Catholic student organization, will sponsor its first breakfast of the current semester Sunday, November 28, in St. Mary’s Auditorium immediately following the 9:30 mass. The program will include a talk by Marine Gunner Fred Huppert, who will describe some of the interesting experiences he has had in the service. Plans for Activities Memberships will be sold and plans for the activities of the oncoming term will be discussed. All Catholic students, whether civilians or service men, are cordially invited to attend. “A meeting such as this affords an opportunity for students to become acquainteej with members of their own religius faith,” stated Dave Anderson, president of the club.
i. L Coyle
. . . graduate of class of ’35 in mechanical engineering, is the general superintendent of a new plant owned by Chevrolet Motor Company at Anderson, which is one of four plants in the Chevrolet system devoted to forging aluminum aircraft parts, beginning operation early this month.
By Jin Weifdell Attention everybody—the Sigma Delta Chi has announced at last the date of l&ieir annual Riveters' Rassle. After months of debating and strenuous hours o fthought( ?) the members have come out of hiding long enough to say that the “Winter Carnival” will be held in the North Ballroom of the Union in just a few weeks. As in the past, the rassle will have its queen and attendants. However this year the queen will be escorted to the throne by a king who will also be chosen by the wellknown voting system that has been such a huge success year in and year out. Nominations can be made any time after this morning at the west desk of the Union until next Wednesday afternoon, December 1, at 5 p. m. At that time the nominations will be collected and five people of each sex who have the greatest number of ballots wiU be selected, and from these the student body can choose its queen and king. Fair Selection this Year Balloting for the throne will be kept as honorable this year as in the past. SDX members have stated that they want the student body to vote on their honor, as they have always done so that the election will be fair. Last year the queen was elected by only 979,500 votes, so the members hope that more interest is shown this year. Although beards have always been a feature of the “rat race,” this year they will not be stressed due to the seiwice men on campus. The Navy and Marines on campus cannot wear beards, but soldiers who have tickets for the affair may adorn themselves with fur, according to Colonel Beere. The civilians on campus, if they are capable, can also sport this manual art of “growing the spinach.” When one of the members of SDX was questioned on what he thought of the dance this year, he sort of dodged the issue. Finally he said: “I think the whole idea stinks, and I wouldn’t even go, but I am afraid I will miss something if I don’t.” Another member was quoted as saying that he guessed he might as well get one of the sandbags and try to enter into the spirit of the dance. No Interest? When more questions brought more of these answers from the SDX members, this reporter decided to get to the bottom of thia to see why the members themselves were not interested. Then the answer came from one of the coeds whose friend, who has a friend, etc. Because the dance is going to be held in just the North Ballroom and (See SDX, page 4)
Passion Play To Hold Callout For Extras
Plane Loses Pilof Sa
Call for over 100 supers or extras to perform in the- Passion Play, which will be held at the University on December 2 and 3, has been made by A1 Stewart, director of musical organizations. Needed are ten men for disciples, five temple girls, four girls for the Pontius Pilate scene, 14 guards and 100 people for the mob scene. Persons inteiested in being supers should report to Stewart. Costumes will be provided by the Passion Play company.
During Routine Flight
Debris Sets Today As Picture Deadline
Today is the last day for seniors to make appointments for their Debris pictures. Ed Neese, editor of the Debiis, announced that all students who are graduating in 1944, and have ;iot already made their appointments, must do so today between the hours of 8 and 12 a. m. in the Debris office, room 319 in the Union. The pictures of all students who fail to do so cannot be included in Debris.
By Call Streeter People very seldom lose elephants while riding in a howdah, or airplanes while riding in the cockpit,, but Carlos Sa, Brazalian pilot, managed to do the nearly impossible. He was sailing along with feet in the clouds, allowing the blood to rush to his head, when he glanced up and literally “missed the boat.” Wednesday afternoon pilot Sa took off frqm the University airport with an instructor to romp through the skies in a few routine acrobatics. Pei haps it would be wise to delete the word “routine,” as it haidly describes the flyer’s later antics. When Sa parted company with the plane, civilian instructor Fiancis Ludden was at the controls, so his passenger might well have been admiring the ground below or enjoying the prop wash. Gremlins at Work Into this peaceful scene crept a .tieacherous gauntlet which slyly undid the catch on the pilot’s sky hook, his safety belt. Those readers who follow the adventures of Doc Savage well know that all Gremlins are now busy on Axis air-
craft, and have no/time for recreation. It must have been that glove which snagged the fastening. While the plane was in a slow roll at 3,200 feet, the catch came undone and Sa tumbled out. It took him a little while to absorb the fact that his transportation had flown out on him. As Sa later commented, “I felt funny when I looked up and saw I wasn’t in the plane, but I pulled the cord and landed all right.” Lands in Corn Field He landed in a corn field, still surprised but unhurt. Instructor* Ludden followed him down to be sure that his student had landed in good shape, and then flew back to the airport to send a car for tho stranded flyer. Sa’s freak fall, coupled with the airport’s first fatal accident, which happened earlier in the day, caused Grove Webster, manager of the Purdue Aeronautical Corporation, to remark: “I’ve been in aviation for 25 years and never had a day like this,” which we can easily appreciate.
4Purdue Exponent
nVTT-^—-T'- V, ^v,^ r.-’:^-:^-.‘a|:.-i.-;-.' Saturdayf j^ovember 2T,
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Basincss Manas:er.. News Editor ... Manacrini; EditotSports Editors
Ellis Murphy Mary Dilts :Wiiiiam H. Tyson .....Carolyn Wilbur ..Raymond j. Smith, Russell M. Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff . Associate Editors: J.^cl; Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A. Grotnes, .lai.... T, )' :Ai^on. Marsarot Y., Stotl'ea. James Ackerman, Frai.; V I;, E’hyllis Miinn, Martha Lee Riffga. Katy Howosj. Service Start: Jimris BoUcr, Gabriel Elia.s, Leo Friedman, Jack Martire, Jay Newman.
Spend Those Pennies
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt. A.-ssistant Advertising Manager: Betty, Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: tegh Ray Editor: Riggs, City Editor: Howes Issue Editor: Tuesburg Sports Editor: Wright Reporters: Snvder, MargoHs,. Mertz, v:in Liev. Winer, McGiic, A'argilr, Bird; Asperger. .George.son, Kistner, Brooks, Streeter, I'agliarulo, Pay. Ehrman. Start Photographer: W. C. Tolber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in .Ijafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.26 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at tiro West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madisoii Ave., New York, N. Y.
qi.e msMTOH 1m R*9. U. S. Merry-GO-ROUKD
By DREW PEARSON
Friends Urge N. |. Governor To Appoint Leon Henderson To Succeed Senator Barbour
WASHINGTON—Plans are under way for America’s once most unpopular but most respected pricefixer to enter the U. S. Senate. He is turbulent, two-fisted, uncompi'omising Leon Henderson, former chief of OPA,who was fired when he refused to increase the price of oil and when Speakei- Sam Rayburn plus Texas oil men made things too liot for the White House. Today Leon, though out of the Government, is probably New Jersey’s No. 1 Citizen as far^as the American public is concerned. A vacancy has ju.st occurred in the Senate as a I'esult of the death of New Jersey’s Senator Barbour, and friends are Urging Governor Charles Edison to appoint Hendei’son to the interim vacancy. Born and reared in Millville, N. J., Henderson has always maintained his residence in New Jersey, and returned there on frequent visits even during his hectic years, as one of Roo.sevelt’s close advisers and trouble-shooters. Henderson first became prominent in Washington as aide to General “Iron Pants’’ Johnson when Johnson headed the N. R. A. Later, he was appointed to the Securities and Exchange Commission, then to the National Defense Council, then became OPA Administrator.
Continually we are made aware of one shortage or another. It may be ho butteir, or butter substitute, when we want it mdst for b newly made batch of fudge; it may be no meat for Rosey, the Riveter’s picnic; and such an outing withoutynteat hardly seems like a picnic; or it may be no gasoline with the shoe leather wearing thinner by the foot. However, whatever the shortage may be, patriotic Americans are quite willing to cooperate in spite of the discomfort. Today we have another shortage before us —a shortage which m^y people do not realize exists. It is the shortage of metals required for the making of small coins, especially the penny. Here again, as in the case of every other crisis, therfe is a way in which every person can be of assistance. The mint has had much difficulty in obtaining material for the one-cent piece because the strategic metals which compose it are an imperative necessity in the manufacture of bombers, tanks, rifles and other weapons. Although the output of pennies in the last three years has totaled nearly , three billion pieces, orders at present are breaking all records. This is because the Molly Sue’s throughout the nation are dropping each penny that comes their wa,y, into their penny banks, glass pigs and bureau drawers to save for the day that Jim receives his commission and the two of them can be married. As for Indian Head pennies, commonly hoarded, few of these coins can have special' value as there were nearly two billion of them coined. It is going to be necessary for young people in schools and colleges over the country to assist the mint in conserving scarce metals needed for war purposes by devoting their elTorts and influence to get idle pennies back into circulation. A good idea would be to turn the pennies in for war stamps and bonds. Pennies should not be returned to the mint but should be returned to the channels of trade in the community. During the last three years nearly 10,000 tons of metal have gone into the making of the one-cent piece alone. This very well illustrated the necessity of keping the penny in circulation. That amount of metal would go far in the making of implements of war for our armed forces.
tkf witcl^es
•by the Iiarridari^-
Hahooo. Most witches don’t introduce themselves to Ahyone. because the ma.jority of people don’t stay around’tMm long enough to need an introduction. However, because opr special business is haunting the University campus, we find,it necessary to make ourselves known so that ordinary pedicle I,—won’t get all the credit fbT 6iir
Notices
hard work. ■; Please don’t confuse us With ordinary witches. Triie, We'tlo revert to broomstick ' riding* but that’s just bccausB galo-
ho wish to procure line is rationed. Otherwise we.Use
only the most modern methods in
Delta Tau Delta: All Delts in the armed . . a a j forces stationed on the campus are invited Carrying’OUt OUr ftSSl^nmientS.' iAnu
such assignments :-tve spy on what
be planne^. r^THANKS everyone is doing and thinkiii^i'^’ Chem 3, 4, 23: The condition exam will be In our eartHlv' life aS ExJloAent Kivgn Saturday, November 27,* at 1 p. m. in ” * • a' i room 233 of the Chem Annex. Nobody ad- reporters, the City editors tWlStecl
mitted without card propeiMS^ approved in . . ,
advance. —PEARCE OUT wrists and told lls tO gOt C^V- „ . J • i, tain news stories from specffic Triton: Anyone interested in becoming a . mi ji member of Triton Club is invited to aUend sOUl’Ces every week; They called 5t an open meetihg Tuesday, Nov. 30, at 7 :15 , , Lra in the Women’k gym. ' ’ , beat. While nosmg arouna, we
—VOGELSANG many things that could be cov-
Mcredith Club : Business meeting in Home ered only on a Witch’s beat, and UOW
Economics building at 4 p. m. Monday, Nov. 29, room 108. —DOSTBR
Catholic Students: Newman Club will
we’re witches. ...
There was' no question but tljat
“When Mom quits working in the plane factory and Pop stops putting in so much overtime n't the Shipyards, maybe we’ll figure in some of their postwar planning,”'
semester Sunday morning, Nov. 28, in S^. . , Mary‘s auditorium, immediately following Exponent probationary sessiOH wais
We had our start
the 9 :30 a. m. Mass. Yod are all cordially invited. Please come. —ANDERSON
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar’ during the November Registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Regujtrar’.s Office. —STONE
Personnel Notes
Placement Notes For Women
Gimlets: There will bci a meeting at
p. m. Saturday at the Ph
house.
a wild success,
last summer when we whispered in m.a.g.’s ear that it Wasn’t nice fof service men to whistle' at coeds. Modestly we admit that we were the ones who sat behind c.j.w. at
-HUTSCH^*' the Rudy Vallee eonvo and loudly
This is one patriotic service every coin hoarder can render without financial cost to himself, and at the same time the individual would be contributing to the winning of the war. Empty that glass pig today; and if it is vital to fill the pig’s inwards; stuff it full of war saving stamps.—c.j.w.
■- Companies scfieduled to visit the campus: Garfield Division of HoudailleHershey Corporation, Decatur, 111. —Date to be announced. Interested in Ch.E., Met.E. RCA, Camden, N. J.—December 4.—Interested in E.E., M.E., physicists, P.S.E., Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.), Ch.E. The Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Okla.—December 9. Interested in E.E., C.E., Ch.E., M.E., chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.). Federal Telephone and Radio Corporation, E. Newark, N. J.—Date, to be announced. Interested in chemists, E.E., P.S.E., M.E., physicists. Cleveland Industrial Research, Inc., Cleveland, Ohio—Thursday, December 2. Interested in B.S., M.S., Ph.D., Chemists (organic).. Carnegie-Hlinois Steel Corp., Chicago, 111.—Date to be announced. Interested in all engineers. Zenith Radio Corp., Chicago, 111. —Date to be announced. Interested in E.E.
Smith College announces 12 fellowships for graduate study. Applications must be made before the 1st of March, 1944. .These fellowships aretoffered in the fields of the arts, education, zoology, etc. Anyone interested may obtain further information from Placement Service for Women.
Catholic Students: Newman Club will sponsor its first, breakfast of the current semester Sunday, Nov. 28, in St. Mary’s auditorium immediately after the 9:30 a. m. Mass. You are all cordially invited. Please come. —ANDERSON
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organization to be held in the Tower Room of the Union Tuesday, Nov. 30, at 7 :30 p. m. —SCHWANDT
Classified Ads
Cataly.st Club: Important meeting Tuesday. Nov. 30, at Chemical and Metallurgical Buil()ing. Parties and pledges will be discussed. Be there.’ —-GAUNT
Reamers: Meeting of all members Monday, Nov. 29, at 7:30 in room 203 of the Union, Everyone bo pre.sent to discuss Plans for the game. —SWANTZ
Reamers: All members working on the .signs should reviort to the Exponent office at 1 :30 p. m. Saturday. Nov. 27. -SMITH
Money to Loan—On diamonds., watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 407 Oolumbia.
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. V. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
AIEE: There will be a . meeting of all Electrical Engineers that are interested in holding an office in AIEE next «'>mestcr Thursday, Dec. 2, in the Reading Room. •SMITH •
Lost—Log Log Duplex Docitrig Slide Rple. Reward.-Call 2346. Jack Miller.
AGR’s: Open mi'cting of AGR’s on'the campus Tuesday, Nov. 30. in room 35r» of. the Union at 6 p. m. Tell all AGR’s you know. WHITE
Lost—Yellow cord reversible left on .south end of IntramiiVal Field Saturday, November 14. C!iirH467 for Norman Aatz.
Student Senate; Monday, Noy. 29, ii
Meeting at 8:30 p. m. room 360 of the Union. —HEINZE
Lost—Curved stem pipi' in Browsinj^ Room. Finder call . 701-6. Richard Smith.
Debris Workers: Important meeting of all Debris salesmen Monday, Nov. ,29. at 4 p. m. Be there. —GULLSTROM
Diaper Lend-Lease Seiiatoi' StylQ,s Bridges, New Hampshire Republican, is conducting a one-man investigation of the most novel type of lend-lease aid so far to come, to light-—diapers for Arab babies. Bridges wants to find out why, at a time when American mothers are having .some difficulty getting diapers for tLqii- own infants,, we have shipped the equivalent of (190,000' diapers to the Free French in Noi'th Africa ■ r. Oution among the Arabs. The texti!c.s aiv. on of the Lend-Lease Administration sent one slvipment. of 450,000 yards of . diaper cloth—equal to about 6(10,000 diapers—^and another shipment of 90,000 ready-made “didies’’ to North Africa early this year. Lend-Lease officials contend that We will be compensated in full for this and other materials sent to the Free French. Also, that the “didy” shipments were approved by the.M'ar Production Board and General Eisenhdwer on the ground that this contributed to the “economic rehabilitation’’ of the North African area. However, Senator Bridges plans to ask .some blunt questions the next time Lend-Lease spokesm'en appear before the Appropriations Committee. There is a suspicion that the American diapers weren’t used on Arab infants, but were allocated to Arabic tribesmen for head-wear.
from relocation centers. War Shipping Administration has discovered that a sizeable number of these men are experienced seamen and could be'iput to good service aboard U. S. merchant ships, i. The total number of experienced men is about 400. This is a difficult question, but seamen are desperately scarce, and all these men have been cleared by FBI and Army Intelligence. War Shipping is ready to assign them to ships, but the Navy Department stands in the way. The Navy official in this case is Lieut. Commander Harold A. Burch of Naval Intelligence. He is the same man w ho got up a file of complaints on U. S. merchant seamen and turned it over to Chairman Carl -Vinson of the House Naval Affairs Committee without giving War Shipping a chance to answer or investigate the criticism first. Burch also took “Communists” off the crews of merchant ships going to Murmansk, Russia.' In the Japanese case, WSA is willing to stand by Navy’s decision, and if Navy says the Nisei cannot sail, that’s the end of it. But at least WSA wants a decision. So far, the Navy is stalling.
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested- in students for employment: Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, New York—Interested in E.E., geophysicists, geologi.sts. Sign by November. 30. Ashland Oil & Refining Company, Ashland, Kentucky—Interested in Ch.E., .M.E., chemists. Sign .by November 27. Holley Carburetor Co., Detroit Mich. Interested in M.E. — Research and Development. Sign bj December 4. National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Langley Field, Hampton, Virginia—Interested in A.E., M.E., C;E. Sign by December 4.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Buy War Bonds
proclaimed that this wasn't doing the sei’yice men’s morale any gobd.
(We can’t spell, either;)
As an ink saving measure in a 24 pt. front' page headline we changed Tony’s name from Butkovich to Putkovich. To go back to ancient history, it was our little misdemeanor that caused the ERCTs to be called up ten times and not to be called up nine. Not to leave anything undone, we made sure that the Ratio and a goodly share of the important stories went on the fifth page. We even confused\ the typesetter one night so that he mis-set a story and advised coeds to wear hose and hells to rush parties. And lastly, we took care of the circulation department, assuring them of a large volume of complaints by sneaking up behind the carriers in the early dawn and snatchirtg the Exponents from the
door steps.
Special plea to service rtien: We’re proud of being witches, sb tlo matter what you call the other two coeds on campus, remember thiat w'e’re the only genuine witches in this vicinity. But now Beezlebub, the Boss, calls.
Try An Exponent Classified!
No Place To Go In Germany
CIO-Rubber Fight Members of 'United Rubber Worker.s (CIO) are W'orried over construction of a new tire manufacturing plant in Waco, Texas. This i.s an innovation which may end tight laboi' conti’ol of wages and working condition.s in Akron, Ohio. Practically every big tire company a.sked WPB appi'oval for new plant con.sti'uction to meet the demand foi' pi'oduction of synthetic tires. But Rubber Work-ei-s accused the industry of trying to break the wage levels by moving to cheap-labor areas. Ex-Rubber DiI'ecloi' Bill Jeffei's suppoi-ted them, told the companies to go home and revise their “fantistic” plans for expansion. Today, Bill Jeft'ej-s is gone and the tide is tui'ning. Cbneral Tire and Rubber has been granted pei-mission to build a new $3,000,000 plant at Waco, Texas. Aiul the indu.sti-y gen.ei-ally i.s spending big money in an advei-tising campaign to sell the idea of expansion. Most of them want to move south, partly for .cheapen- laboi-, jjartly to be neai- i-aw materials. Synthetic ruhliei' is being luoduced almost ontii-ely below the Ma.son-Dixon. line, iii plants at Institute, W. Va., Baton Rouge, La., Poi-t Teches, 7'exas, and Los An-gc-le.s. ■ • ' I’hc companies are under terrific pressure to increase production of tires, and in turn they are putting pre.ssure on the union and on the Rubber Director’s Office to speed up production of the individual worker and let more workers come into the industry. Though this fight has not broken into headlines, it is one of the-bitterest struggles in the labor-manage-ment field today. Japanese-Americaii Sailors Now that Japanese-Aniericans are being released
The German government, with characteristic thoroughness, prepared for the Allied blitz by assigning to each city which might be bombed another city to which its population would be removed in case bombing made evacuation necessary. For example, the people of Hamburg were assigned to go to Bavaria; and citizens of Ruhr cities were assigned to Silesia. But the plan now breaks down in terrible confusion, because the areas of protection have themselves become vulneiable. Bavaria at onetime was supposed to be remote enough for safety. But now Allied bombei's are striking from Italy, and have attacked Vienna, so that Bavarians themselves are looking fof a place to go. In fact ,there is no place which either has not been bombed or which is not threatened. Thei'e’s no hiding place over there.
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Dec. 1, 7 :30 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec. 2, 7:30 P.. M. Adult Tap Classes Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC. 4tli
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Merry-Go-Round
The wife of Representative La Vern R. Dilweg, former All-America footballer at Marquette University, is a former star athlete herself. Mrs. Dilweg, nee Eleanor Coleman, represented the United States in the breast-stroke swimming event at the Olympics in France. . . . Hard-working Representative Thad Wasieiewski of Wisconsin usually takes his one-year-old son, Francis, along when he goes to the office on Sunday afternoon to look over His mail. “I’m gi-ooming him to be a Congressman by getting him used to the mail,” says Wasieiew'ski. “And Wouldn’t the little shavei' like to get his hands on it!” . . . One of the prized show-pieces in a private collection of old guns and other knick-knacks belonging to Representative Frank Boykin of Alabama are the spurs Jesse James was wearing when he died. . . ..One out of'every ten memb'ei's of Congress has been a newspaperman in the past. Working newsmen every day hear from some member, “I used to be an old newspaper man myself.” 'I’his has eaj'iled the gag line: “Until you found there was no money in old newspapers.” (Copyi ight, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
A COLUMBIA PICTURE
■ and —
DICK FORAN HARIETTE HILLIARD
“HI BUDDY" — ALSO — MADCAP CARTOON
MARS
NOW PLAYING
— LAST TIMES TODAY — RIDIN' DOWN THE CANYON REDHEAD FROM MANHATTAN DAREDEVILS OF THE WEST
Starting TOMORROW
— LAST TIMES TODAY
WILD BILL ELLIOTT
GEORGE ''GABBY'' HAYES
'OVERLAND MAIL ROBBERYY"
^ MarrUis , ted
HAiw? KVVIS
IINN
JULIE BISHOP • HELMUT DANTINE JOHN RIDGELY • GENE LOCKHART
Dame May WHITTY • Edmund GWENN Nigel BRUCE • Elsa LANCHESTER LASSIE MRIU£fTd low PLffillG
V immm
' Xetvs
I^or Service Men, By Service Men
^ )
Pages
Q^q Looks AL Life
By “Towser”
Maybe you’ve seen me around the campus—I’m strictly a ^^iiWpttS'dog now, you know. A little large for a coker-spaniel, '#!tli'l£’e'ddi&h-broWn hair, long floppy ears, big brown eyes and ;0leiity of energy. Most’of my looks came from'Mother, who
a cocker-spaniel.
•' Yop’ve probably seen my friends, too. There’s Fido, the fox terrier, always jumping ; aircmnd. And Red, that sultry uniforms (these are called soldiers) Ipbkihg chow, 'Miti^i,' nibstly were also rambling along, but they Bdetbn bull'; and Jerry—just a didn’t stay in any lines. Three of b|g' dog. We’re the campus closely together, Crowd of dogdohi. (With plent of up by his two
‘transient trade,” too, that comes
dnd"g6es.) • ‘‘Is he sick?” somebody asked the
* No doubt the students’ view of men.
uS dogs is a commonplace one. But ‘‘Oh, no,” said one of the suphftve you ever stopped tctthink how porting soldiers. ‘‘He just isn’t campdh life might look to us, as we awake yet. Jim never wakes up
dogs Watch you? Sometimes I till about 9:15.”
wonder who leads the ‘‘dog’s life”? Another big bunch of the sailor Cbuiltry Coiisin<—^Big City uien came marching along. I was I’ll never forget my first day on a little disappointed that they didn’t
the campus. I was just a shy coun- have a band,
tx^ dog, having come into Lafay- ^ ette for a look at the bright lights j ^ j and the bxg city, when I got the tip- j trotted out in
oj from an old dog who had been
here a long time (hot a senior) that * t
, along just like a mascot I saw in
ihtbi'eSting things were to be seen, ■<„ t i, m i, i , . f a parade once. I held my head up, h^grd 'and smelled up at the Uni- ^p_ ^ . vemty._ So I trotted across the incomparable dignity bridp in the early morning mist ^ ^ . ..t.^^ing to 7 T" T . his own business, while knowa» dtfaight street in West Lafay- j attracting attention.
By Jay Newman, A.S., USNR • ODD INFOKMATION Since the end of last term, which was about a month ago, we’ve stujnbled onto a lot of unrelated facts., Some of'them are interesting. The most intex-esting ones, quite naturally, are scuttlebutt. But some of them are official and quite wox’th knowing. Here they are, all mixed up: At the Midshipman’s Schools of Columbia University and Notre Dam6, midshipmen are required to either tnarch in fonnation ox-, if on their own, to keep up a pace of double time. They are not allowed to walk around the campus at an ordinary rate at any time. The very latest word on Christmas vacation is this: CJxristmas Day is recognized by the Navy as a holiday and no Captain’s ifispection or classes will be held. All talk, pro or con, about leaves or liberty is still scuttlebutt. Last semester we xvere issued gray wool socks but asked not to wear them until we were given the xvord. This week we heard that it’s all right to wear them during Working hours but not while oh liberty.* This Will be good ngws to the boys from Texasi during cold weather, a black or navy-blue muffler is considered part of yoUr uniform. It may be of any material, but it must be the color of the rest of your uliiforirt. ' Co. C now has a bugley! He’s been operating for several weeks, it seems. In the morning he blows the ever-unpopular Eeveille. In the evenings when the 2230 lights-out law Was still in effect, he used to beat out a melancholy Taps. That rule has been changed so that the men hit the sack at various times up to midnight, however, so Co. C no longer hears Taps at night. Another innovation: While on watch after dark they wear leggings. Some interesting requests have been popping up during the last week on the musical request progi'am which comes over a local radio station at 0615 in the morning. It might pay you to listen in, if you happen to be up that early. (It’s getting to be a habit with us—getting up at 0545. We raiely miss).
FietdhQuse Provides Varied Recreational Programs
and ended up going out Stad
io':;Vi avetlue.
'T wds richly rewarded. Seemihgly hundreds or thousands of men
This didn’t seem to help a great deal, though. No one watched us, and even the sailors weren’t enthu-
• GIVING THE ALLY HIS DUE Not all funny tales belong to the Navy. Some are owned by the Army. We ran across this one in an old Reader’s Digest: A private walked very slowly out of the church, his face one of utter dejection. He had just attended a sermon on the Ten Commandments. Suddenly a relieved smile lit up his face. "Oh’WeH,”'he said, happy once more, “at least I never made a graven image.” The soldiers around here do all right, too. We nearly laughed ourselves silly at the tiny two-starred service flag which hangs gaily from one of the windows of South West Cary Hall. ' Incidentally, some of the boys at Notre Dame put jin a request for service ribbons, claiming that they had seen “Action in the North Atlantic.” They didn’t get the ribbons.
WerepourxxXgfrom abig apartment "’^"^ic. Some of them yawned. The
last two x’anks always seemed to be doing a dift'ex'ent step than the x'est, but this must be official be-
bdpse (which I learned later^was ck1,led Cary Hall. (You’ll have to pardbn my spelling sometimes—we dtfp'’s aren’t vexy good at that.) Ah, was lifd and excitement. My nttSe quivered, my tail wobbled. And thert, ‘wonder of wonders, here at tijik early hour of the morning—a
paradel
I raced towards it. A large body of men in dark uniforms and white
cause they all do it. The only drilling they did was that every now and then someone in the I’anks would say in kind of a hoarse whisper, “Eyes right.” This happened eveiy time a pretty gill passed by. Maybe they aie sort of “leaders” of the sailors.
cdps (I found out later they are alone
called sailors) wex-e marching in ranks down one of the I’oads leading into the campus. They marched along to the shouts of one of the men, who sounded a little like he might be selling progx'ams, but I couldn’t see any. I later thought that maybe he was a vegetable huckster, but I didn’t see any vegetables either. He 'just kept singing something lilce “Hip sti’ike”— and of course you can’t sell that. Parade in Order Nobody seemed to pay much attention to them, for a parade. In fact, they didn’t seem bo be paying much attention to themselves. Lots of other men in dingy brown
I was just beginning to get the swing of it when the fellow on the side growled something about “ride flank”—‘and the next time I looked ai’ound the whole bunch had sideslipped d6wn the I'oad. And there I was marching by myself! You would have been disgusted too. So I pretended I was a student, slipped into the nearest building, cui'led up—and went to sleep for the i-est of the day. Biiy War Bonds And Stamps
• ALL FOR FREE Sex-vice men who visit Chicago are in for a rare treat. Service Man’s Center No. 2, as it is called, is a nine-story building located in the center of the Loop. The structure is supposed to have been donated by the Elks. It would take us a whole column to list the things that may be found in the building. On one floor is a chow hall (with a juke box, believe it or not) that never seem to close. On the ground floor is a desk where free movie and theater tickets axe distributed twice a day. There is a libx-avy stacked with books, a “practice room” whex-e you pick up any mubical instxumeixt lying around and give it a workout, a music room for thosb who like the classics, two dance flooi-s for ballroom dancers and one for square dancers complete with orchestras, bunks on the top floor, plenty of shaving and showering facilities, a room where you record your own voice, etc. It’s not only free. It’s unbelievable!
Army Reports Walkie Talkie Greatly Improved Over Original Development of a new walkietalkie model radio with x-ange triple the old style and a greatly increased clarity of tone is x-epox-ted by the Ft. Sam Houston Blazon. The new receiver incorporates frequency modulation, which per-
mits a staticless reception and transmission. Instead of the old type super-re-generative receiver, the new model has an improved super-hetrodyne, which makes possible use of two or
ROOMS TO RENT? j I The Easiest Way To Reach Pur4ue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD in THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Trainees Advised To Use Fieldhouse i i Equipment Freely When the services first consid-ex-ed stationing men at the University, one of the first impox'tant questions was the availability of facilities for an organized px-ogx-am of physical education for the boys. The school was qualified and has continued to furnish some of the best recreational facilities in the country. The school is equipped with fields for football, baseball and intramurals, as well as the Fieldhouse, which is one of the finest of its kind in the country. Nearly all of the service nxen know about the Fieldhouse, but outside of classes which they are compelled to attend they do not take full advantage of its facilities. The Fielldhouse is open to them as part of our contribution to the war effort and is for their use. The checking systenx at the Fieldhouse is briefly as follows: Each man is issued a towel, locker and key at the start of the semester, and it is up to him to pay for the loss of any one of these. He nxay then check out such equipment as the intramural checkout roonx has at its disposal. The checkout roonx has such equipment as basketballs, footballs, baseballs and bats, softballs and bats, ping pong and numerous other articles except squash and tennis rackets. One of the features of the Fieldhouse IS the swimming pool, which is rated as the third best in the world. It is an official Olympic pool and measures 25 by 12% yax-ds. Another feature is the rifle range, which is now being used to tram xxxarines in the basic use of the rifle. Besides all of the advantages inside of the Fieldhouse, all of the varsity sports encourage navy and marine participation. This xxffords an opportunity to indulge in outdoor activities. more sets on the same fx-equency for intercoxxxmunication. “Gooseneck Aerial” Also added is a second aerial, in a “gooseneck” style, which permits opex-ation while the soldier carrying it is prone or lying in a slit trench. Also included are both a headset and a handset for use by the officer in command. The set is carxied like a havex--sack, and so treated that rain and immersion fox- short periods will not impair its efficiency. With all its improvements it still weighs no more than the old model. The new set is already in use hex-e and ovexseas.
By Pfc. Boh Baker
Yanks are the roughest, toughest, fightingest bunch of soldiers in the world and one of the main reasons behind their amazing display of courage, endurance, teamwork and aggressiveness is their love of physical exercise in the interesting form of athletic contests. Now stick one of tho.se batling Yanks in college and what happens? You guessed it. A .sort of educational phobia sets in - -
arid the love of physical activity and competition is stifled —that is, stifled for all but six doubtful hours of PE 12 each
week.
Every true sportsman or physical educator knows that six measly hours of PE-12 each week is seldom enough fox- the average
Press Views ASTP Unit In Action; Sees Promise Of Victory Aimy’s “most recent insurance of
healthy Arn'erdcan. 'ie needs moxV, the enthusiastic apprais-
al ot a top Chicago cori-espondent
and a lot more, physical activities (not of the PE-12 variety, however) but activities that will deevlop stamina and physique and at the same time afford the exerciser a maximum amount of enjoyment. The following list tabulates some of the oppox-tunities available in the
of the ASTP, following a x-ecent tour of a typical AST unit sponsored by the Army for newspaper men. The instituion selected for the survey was the Cax-negie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, whex-e
Fieldhouse for service men who feel
the need fox- more games and phys- engineering couxses.
ical x-eex-eation. Look the list over and pick your own spot. Weight-lifting—In room 104. A chance to build that physique the
women rave about.
“One has only to observe the workings of this piogi-am, has only to study the youths who are engaged in it, to know that Americans will never be defeated in battle,”
Swimming—The pool is open all Alfred E. Prowitt writes in the Chi-
day every* Saturday until 9 o’clock cago News.
and on Sunday from 2 until 4:30. “T® understand one must realize Coach Papengnth states that on that wars are not won by manpower these days tlxe^ogj/ls px-actically ulone. Two out of three men who deserted, so there will be plenty of take the field against the foe in roonx for everybody. these days must, strange as it Squash and HandballThree seems, first be specialists in techcompletely modern coux-ts, open to uological sciences. Bx-ain still has
everyone. ' ^ts place.”
Basketball—Through the week The coiiespondents were taken the basketball coin'ts are usually through classes and laboratories crowded to overflowing, but on Sat- the close connection between urday and Sunday there is space classroom exercises and field duties
galore. were shown to them. Wrestling — Excellently padded '
roonx right off the basketball courts months for someone qualified as a on second floor. Available most of range instructor to take over the the time. sub-basement rifle range. Guns can Ping-Pong—Swell game to take be checked out and ammunition is up if you need muscle-eye coordi- avaxlable at 10 cents a box. Any-
nation. Seven tables are located in
room 106.
Volleyball and Badminton—Floorspace and equipment available— courts adjoin basketball floors.
one who can qualify and is interested should see Chief Clevett immediately—the possibilities ax-e un-
limited.
Also for those enterprising in-
Txack Fieldhouse provides am- dividuals desiring to attain topple space for those interested in phvsical shape in the least running and jumping. Not open on amount of time there is a room, hidSatuiday afternoon or Sunday. an obscure corner of th,e secFencing—Before anyone can use ond floor-, which contains wall raks, the equipment he must first join the rowing machines and stationary biFencing Club and then action will cycles. Another- seldow used room probably follow fast and furious. is adorned with those old faithfuls Gymnastics—Whole upper deck —chest and arxxx pulleys.
of second floor is devoted to gyxxxnastics, complete with all kinds of jumping horses, parallel bars, springboards, rings and high bars.
Skiing and Ice Skating
This winter skis can be checked out at the intramural window, and if enough interest is shown ice-
Eveiy afternoon from 4 until 5:15 possibly be arranged.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories ^ Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
a gymnastic group woiks out under the direction of V-12 Haase and ASTP Billings. Participants, if they work out regularly, are excused from PE-12. A few exhibi-
tions may be forthcoming. Boxing—\ regulation ring is lo-
cated on the second floor upper deck. Punching bags and gloves can be
checked out.
Need for Rifle Range Instruction The above list includes only a few of the activities the Fieldhouse of-fex-s to athletically inclined service men. For instance Chief Clevett, head of the intramural departmeht, has been searching almost
In the past they have flooded the area back of the_ Fieldhouse and
used it for a link.
As for sports or games not covered xn this article, Chief Clevett guarantees that as long- as he’s in charge of intramiiial sports at Purdue eveiy effort will be made to furnish students with the equipment they desire and if they haven’t got it he’ll find out why and remedy the situation. Equipment for all of the above spox-ts can be checked out free of charge at the introlxxural checkout window in the basement. At the present time six squash rackets are the only things
restricted.
0otLt bsL cut. QxjlI Jiasp, jpowc dpibpiA, in, ahapa,!
phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
Roddx Me Dow all and Lassie are inseparable in M-G-M’s “Lassie Come Home”, produced in T’echnicolor and which tells the story of a boy’s love for his dog and the canine’s faithfulness to the hdy. Starting today at the Lafayette Theatre.jp
JT'"!*
if';
ffoiJermaKer Sports Saturday, November 27, 1943
Lambert Splits Squad
Starts Fieldhouse Drill
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes OLD OAKEN BUCKET ARRIVES
Collegiate Gridiron Wildcats^ Hawkeyes,
Indiana Start Net Drill
Season In Finale;
^ 1 ,TT j T 1 i 1 ji returned to the place where it belongs. Naturally we arc speaking Coach Ward Lambert announced the first division in this of the Old Oaken Bucket. We heard that it was on its way from Indiana year’s basketball squad last night. Part of the men will now Thursday so we started looking around the Fieldhouse to find its wherereport to Coach Lambert on the floor in the Fieldhouse while abouts, and found it in the care of Bob Shriner. The Bucket made its trip the I'est of the men will continue to practice on the gym floor Bloomington m a specially designed case, arriving at the Fieldhouse under Joe Dienhart yesterday afternoon. Since the Bucket has been away from home for ,, the past three years, we are hoping that some arrangement can be made This division is not peimanent by any means, but it will give to have it on display for awhile before it is put away foi safekeeping. “Piggy” a chance to concen- -
Kotre Dame To Play
plays. Yq Sponsor
nnnpr »
Beginner's Dancing
Five named on big ten teajbs
Along with the arrival of the Bucket came several honors for members
of the team. Five players were named to the first two teams of the United Press all-Big Ten teams, and two more were given honorable mention. Both guards that started the season for the Boilermakers, Dick Barwegen and Alex Agase were selected for the first team. On the, secofid team was Frank Bauman, John Genis and Tony Butkovich, while Babe Diman-
cheff and Mike Kasap were awarded honorable mentions.
trate on some of the
Since many of the men under Dienhart are football players who are not yet in condition,
there will be probably be many QaSSCS /fl UniOn
more changes. However, many
of the men on the floor will ulti- A series of ten dancing classes mately wind up with varsity berths, will be sponsored by the PIA be“Piggy” took advantage of the ginning Monday, in both faculty division by putting the squad mem- lounges in the Union. The classes bers through a series of light drills will be instructed by Pearl Allen, designed to give them a knowledge Classes will be held from 4 to 5:15 of some of the Boilermakers’ plays, every Monday .afternoon.. This new arrangement also means The cost of these dancing classes that the Riveters can speed up since will be $2.50 for male PIA mem-
they are pretty well behind sched- bers, $1 for coed non-members and the first and Wink on the second. ule now. \ coeds who are members will be adThe following are tl^ candidates 'mitted free. Only service men who CHANGES MADE FOR WARD BASKETBALL
who are now reporting to “Piggy”: are members will be admitted. All We were talking to Chief Clevett yesterday, and he told us that entries Lodge, Kriegbaum, Charcolla, other service men who are interest- for the Ward basketball tourney were due today. We would like to call
DALEY LEADS BUTKOVICH BY ONE VOTE
According to the reports. Bill Daley won the first team fullback slot by the narrow margin of one vote over Butkovich. Many of the writers desired to include both of the men in the first backfield, but a rule was made that the men would be selected only for the positions that they played. One unusual fact concerning the selections is that the quarterback on both the first and second teams is a Michig-an player; Wiese on
Cline, Gustafson, Horn, Unverzagt, ed may obtain membership at the to the students’ attention that several changes have been made regarding
Sokel, Frazier, Kennedy, MePher- entrance to the lounges
son, Saymond, Swantz, Walley, Ariend, Haag, Elliott, Oppen, Timm, Hoffman and Schmidt. This group will be divided into two squads for the Reamer sponsored inter-squad game Saturday night. This game should be a good indication of the quality of this sea-
son’s team.
Aero Club To Hold Meet In Fieldhouse
I
Sunday Afternoon
the Wards this season. Realizing that there are fewer students living in each Ward at the present time than in previous years, the Intramural department relaxed its rule that all members of a team must live in the same Ward. This means that a group of fellows can get together and enter a team without regard to their place of residence. Since this rule has been altered it is hoped that a large number of teams will enter the
play.
dn, J/uL ChuUudwA
University Aeromodelers Club will hold another of its series of flying entests tomorrow. The meet will take place in the Fieldhouse and will start promptly at 1 p. m
SDK
(Continued from page 1) there will be limited room, the SDX
At that time indoor glider models "^embers are going to hy to dis
and U control models will compete for cash awards. All interested model owners are
courage too many people from buy-
ing tickets.
Because this reporter was just
Latin's Interest Inspires Soccer League Plans
Hillel Foundation
invied to attend the meet and en- given the well known word from
10:30 Morning services at Fow- fheir planes. An entry fee of the editor, he will let you in on
ler Hall. 5:00—Supper Foundation.
Pioviding enough service men show sufficient interest, soccer, a game almost unknown to many Americans, should become an ac-
seminar at the
25 cents will be charged members little secret. It you do want to buy , . ,,
of the club while a fee of 50 cents a ticket and attend this carnival .,4 will be charged non-members who you will have to scare up $1.64 5-4.
participate.
St. Mary’s Catholic Church 6:30, 8:00, 9:30, 11:00—Mass. 3:00-5:45 and after 7:15 on Saturday—Confessions. Newman Club will meet after the 9:30 Mass for a breakfast in the St. Mary’s school.
St. John’s Episcopal Church Rev. R. F. Thorpton, Rector 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion.
10:45—Morning prayer and ser- G5 vs
IM Schedules ASTP BASKETBALL Monday, November 29, 1943 Court 1—6:45, B2 vs. C5; 7:00, E7 vs. C6; 7:65, B3 vs. C7; 8:10, E8
vs. Dl.
Court 2—6:45, B4 vs. D2; 7:00, F2 vs. Gl; 7:55, B5 vs. G2; 8:10,
G3 vs. Al.
Court 3—6:45, G4 vs. D4; 7:00, A2; 7:55, G6 vs. D6; 8:10,
Place to buy them will be announced later. This is a half cent cheaper than last year’s tickets for the price administrator made the SDX roll back their prices to pre-
vent inflation.
AWS House Leaders Oolline Year's Work
University Presbyterian Church 9:30—The class studying the Gospel of Matthew under the leadership of Dr. G. H. Graves will meet in the lounge. 10:30—Morning Worship, with music under the direction of Janet Place. Mr. Findley’s subject is to be “Faith and Fatigue.” 4:00—Any interested in Discussion Leadership are to meet with Mr. Robb in the lounge. 5:00—Evening Fellowship with
A3 vs. B4. Court 4— A4 vs. B5; B6 vs. A5. Notice
■6:45, F2 vs. El; 7:00, 7:55, E2 vs. D3; 8:10,
Annual Greenfiouse Conference To Meet Here On Wednesday
Annual conference in greenhouse problems will be held Wednesda,y at
AWS House President’s Council held a meeting yesterday afternoon to outline the work of this group for the coming year. This council is organized for the purpose of uniting more closely the girls living in independent and cooperative houses on the campus, according to Marion LeFuze, chairman of yes-
terday’s meeting.
Another meeting will be held on Thursday at 4 p. m. in room 355 of the Union to elect officers. Miss
Agnes McCulloch, head resident of 71811.
Wood Hall, is the group adviser.
der the direction of G. B. Wu, plans are being made for a league composed of both service and civilian
teams.
As yet, however, no Navy, Army or Marine personnel have made any attempts to organize a team, although a group of the South American pilots stationed here has signified its desire to play. It is hoped by Wu that at least one eleven can be gathered from eiich of the services represented on the campus and perhaps one from the Navy fliers at the airport. In this manner, a league composed of five teams, including a group of Chinese students, who originated this idea, could be foimed. Several months ago, these Chinese played a loosely organized Cary Hall team, and the success of this one encounter prompted Wu to attempt the formation of the
league.
Anyone interested should call either Bill Tyson at the Exponent
With the 1943 collegiate football season rapidly drawing to a close, followers of the gridiron doings of the nation will focus their attention on Notre Dame and Iowa Preflight again this afternoon. The two teams, which engaged in one of the top contests of the year last week, will bring their schedules to a close this afternoon in the two major games slated for today. Out at Great Lakes, Illinois, 23,000 service men will see an exclusive showing of the nation’s top team as Notre Dame engages the Bluejackets of Great Lakes. The sailors, going into the battle as underdogs, have a national championship at stake as well as the Fighting Irish of South Bend. Hailed as champions in every varsity sport since this war began, the Bluejackets can claim the service championship again by upsetting the Irish. An interesting sidelight of the game will be Steve Juzwick, star halfback of the Notre Dame team which tied Great Lakes last year, leading the attack against his alma mater. Johnny Lujack, successor to Angelo Bertelli, will direct the Notre Dame attack. At Memorial Stadium, Minneapolis, the Gulden Gophers of Minnesota will be hosts to the nation’s second best team, the Iowa Preflights. The Seahawks are favorites to win this game just as they did eight others before meeting up with Notre Dame last week. Minnesota has improved since the start of the season and will be out to upset their opponents. The Seahawks, their lineup studded with former professional and college stars, will present the most formidible squad to take the field this season at Memorial Stadium. This will be the last game for many players on both teams. By this time next year many of the Seahawk stars will have been transferred while nine members of the Gophers expect to be in service.
Northwestern’s basketball team, like many others, will be mainly composed of Navy V-12 trainees. Coach Dutch Lon- / burg, starting his seventeenth season with the Wildcats, has four returning lettermen, including Otto Graham, around which to build a team comparable to that of last year, which placed third in the Big Ten — Conference. against many colleges whose teams
Along with these veterans display the best of seiwice stars. ^ r 1 , The Hoosiers will open their Westare seven sophomores of last'^^^ conference competition Januyear’s freshman team, which face the Boilerwon third position in last makers here at West Lafayette, By year’s “round robin” here at Pur- that time. Good hopes to have his due. The only civilian is Dave boys accustomed to the college Thompson, 6 ft. 7 in. center who brand of basketball and over an in-
was rejected by the Army because evitable streak of mistakes,
of his height, , only apparent weakness of Without a single freshman or f^e ’43-’44 -squad is the center posivarsity letterman around whom to With an adept man in this build his team, Indiana’s coach, position the new I. U. mentor feels Harry C. Good, began feverish f^j^t the “Hurrin’( ?) Hoosiers” can preparations to- get his freshman follow his style of semi-pivot ofcandidates ready for the opening fg^se with comparative ease. Adgame against Camp Atterbury’s jUfion of several Hoosier football star-studded quintet. players to the roster this week may
Coach Good, war-time stand-in solve the problem.
for Branch McCracken, faces the Seven players are the first to resame difficulties as Bo McMillin, in port from the Hawkeye fbotball that he must build untrained squad for basketball. They are youngsters to face a stiff 22-game Jim Rickei't, John Deeper, Howard schedule which will pit them Larson, Bob Iseland, John Davie, — . Allen McCord and Dre Eno. The
nivfsv: hostilities
kJcdf j December 10 with the Nebraska _ _ • Huskers, who were their last oppo-
On Future Of China nents on the football field.
Buy War Bonds And Stanips
In the disdussion presented to the International Relations Club Tuesv day evening in the lounge of the University Presbyterian Church, Dr. Louis Sears emphasized his belief that China will become a power of great importance and strength after the war. He presented the problem which was created by the United States when it failed to aid China in 1937; then he brought out that at the present time all the aid that can possibly be afforded is being given to her. The question of how China will react to the United States after the war with these facts to remember mpy be a great one. Dr. Sears expressed his feelings that China will bear a great deal of weight toward the final settling of the world’s chaos.
Try An Exponent Classified!
JULIE BISHOP is cast importantly in the Mars Theatre’s film, “Northern Pursuit.” Now playing.
informal recreation, supper at 20 the University. The discussion will cents a plate, and a discussion, led be mainly concerned with greenby Mildred Martin. This Sunday’s house soil sterilization and diagnossubject will be “Why Are We Liv- ing disease trouble.s.
the
ing
6:40—Vesper Worship
chapel.
7 to 11 on Friday evening—Open house for all students and service men with games and refreshments.
Not'ice Anyone inerested in playing in the ward basketball tournament should sign up in the intramural office today.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Wesley Foundation 9:30—Sunday School. 10:40—Mornnig services at the First Methodist Chuich. The women’s choir will sing “Softly and Ten•derly” and the anthem “Almighty God of Our Fathers,” by Will James. Dr. Steele’s subject is “God’s Care of Us.” 5:15—Fellowship supper at 20 cents a plate served in the great
Your Authorized Balfour Representative Is at the University Book Store
Fraternily, Army, Navy and Marine “Crested” Jewelry . . . Dance Bids and Christinas Cards.
Hours: 3:00-5:00 tlailv
hall. 6:00—Dr. H. L. Cieek w'ill lead the discussion on “What Does the Bible Say to Students Today ” Following this will be a closing worship service. 7:00 on Wednesday—Meeting of Cell A. 5:45-7 on Thuisday—Town Hall forum meeting. This is a meeting where the current issues of the day are discussed in an open and unbiased manner. The meeting will adjourn by 7 p. m. and at 7:30 there will be a meeting of Cell B.
"mRF el&thf
SRIN IN
First Christian Church Rev. Doyle Mullen, Minister 9:30—Sunday morning wor,ship. The speaker w'lll be A. A. Smith of the University stafl'. 10:40—Church service.s. 5-7:30—Sunday evening clul) will meet. Supper will be served at 15 cents a plate.
Service Men’s Worship Eliza Fowler Hall 8:30 a. m.—Catholic Mass. 9:30—Protestant Worship, 10:30—Jewish Services.
LIEUT. COL. HARVey JASLOHiKX A 4-SPORT STAR AT WEST POiNTs IS NOW AM EXECUTIVE OFFICER WITH THE 5l5ffl PARACHUm
Party invitations come fast and you cannot afford to be careless about the appearance of youi garments. Therefore it’s wise to keep your ‘party” clothes clean and ready to wear. Send them regularly to “clothessaving headquarters” to be unhurriedly and correctly renewed.
IT'S MARVByAND HIS BC3YS WBY To BAIL OUT OVER.. EMEMV TfeRRiroRyi ^
AMD IT'S
DUtV To shell OUT POR WAR
BONDS SO NO ensmycmbaiu OtiroveiK HBRB
SPECIAL MAKE-UP SET...Secrets of lovely beauty in a gay holiday box... Face Powder, Rouge,Tru-Color Lipstick, Cleansing Cream and Brillox
A gift of loveliness fora lovely lady...one that she herself desires. Each "G/// from Hollytoood” contains the correct Color Harmony Make-Up for a blonde, or a brunette, or a brownette.or a redhead as created by Max Fflctor Hollyloood...so it is easy to select a gift that will be just right for her type.
PAN-CAKE MAKE-UP SET...Glamour in a holiday box. Max Factot HollyPowder, Rouge, Tru-Color Lif. stick, Cleansing Cream, $ Ji *c Pan-Cake Make-Up
^ . V.. jG rf " ' ‘I
Mom fattorHoUywoeii PAN«CAKI $B50 i*AK».gi> I
. MAKE-UP TREASURE CHEST...A luxurii- ous gift that will thrill any woman ...a complete Max Factor Flollywood color harmony make-up ^ || 5S
COLOR HARMONY MAKE-UP SET...Correct make-up shades for "her" type ...Alax Factoi Hollywood Powder,
ensemble
Rouge,Tru-Color Lipstick $^55
and 4 otJjex f equhues....
Toiletries
Street Floor
J*