s
%v
z-tts
FoviiM In 1889
X4U3^ne4it 9 Daffy Sine* 1908
|A if A /m/ f
Volume SSL No. 132
West Lafayette# Indiana
Saturday# March 8# 1941
r>
»v.
t »
Hurdle Record Falls As Carnival Opens
Jean Jones Elected May Queen; To Reign May 10
Jean Jones, Kappa Kappa Gamma, was elected by two hundred seniors yesterday afternoon to reign over the May Day Court on May 10. The other eight candidates who will compose her court are: Peg Terstegge, Kappa Alpha Theta; Georgia Carroll, Kappa
Louis Mann Speaks Horvath, Olsen Break Mark
At Religious Convo Tomorrow Morning
In Big-lb Track Competition
Reigning
. .. queen of the day will be Jean Jones (above), Kappa Kappa Gamma, who Will be crowned on the University’s May Day, May 10. Kappa Gamma; Yvonne Holden, Alpha Chi Omega; Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta; Victoria Milea, Chi Omega; Rosemary Peil, Chi Omega; Merle Hagemeyer. Kappa Alpha Theta, and Jeaime Chandler, Independent. Associated Women Students conduct this election annually preceding the crown festivities. The celebration last year was for the first time held in the Music Hall, and this coming May the event will be rejieatcd with President E. C. Elliott crowning the queen in an impressive ceiemony. b^.s.
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of T. Clifford Smith, Westfield, N. J.; Ray C. Smith, South Bend; and Vernon Burnidge, Elgin, 111.
Wght Must Fair Closes Tonight; Pittenger Stars By J. H. McKee, Jr. Tonight Dick Pittenger will write “finis” to a college dramatic career with his portrayal of Dan in the last performance of “Night Must Pall.” And if his peifoimance tonight is as it has been the past three nights his exit will be superb. Dick, portraying Dan, the murderer, was fine in his role. All the actois wei’e well cast, Jo Stong, Betty Erick and Mary Alice Miller doing especially fine jobs with their parts. It is hard to write the third night’s review of a play done as well as “Night Must Fall” has been done But certain trivial things, that in other plays might have seemed insignificant, seemed very important last night. We liked especially well the way Mrs. Terrence’s (Mary Alice Miller) stockings drooped. They fitted the part so well. Dan’s continual cigarette also drooped properly. We liked George Osborn’s organ music. It added greatly to the mood of the play. We liked the way Mrs. Branson (Jo Stong) arte her chocolates and swayed in her wheel chair. We were surprised to see the papers that Hubert Laurie (Richard Coleman) read. We like the set, which seemed to us the best that we have seen Playshop turn out. VJe liked the way darkness fell in Scene I, Act III. In short we liked “Night Must Fall” as well as, if not better than, any Playshop production. PI A Tea Dance . . . will be held this afternoon at 3 -30 o’clock in the south Union ballroom. Popular recordings will supply the music. PIA members and dates will be admitted free. Nonmembers will be charged 10 cents. All money received will be turned over to WSSF as PIA’s contribution.
Speaker Will Discuss Paradoxes of Progress Tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock, students, faculty members and the general public will hear Dr. Louis L. Mann, rabbi of the Chicago Sinai Congregation, address the March religious convocation in the Music Hall. The subject of this' convocation for worship will be ^‘Paradoxes of Progress.” Dr. Mann, who is well known as an author, educator and lecturer, has many calls to addiess college and university audiences, according to Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements. He spoke at a similar convocation here two years ago at which time he attracted a capacity audience in Eliza Fowler Hall. His subject was “Civilization at the Cross Roads.” Interested In Students’ Problems “Dr. Mann is greatly interested m the problems of student life,” said Di. Hadley. “It is a source of genuine satisfaction to him to take part in a discussion group in which some vital problems is faced with honesty and frankness.” In addition to Dr Mann’s address, the religious seivice will include several selections by the University Concert Choir of 250 voices under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. Stocking Will Discuss Goveripent Service ' E. J. Stocking, assistant chief of the examining div^^sion of the United States Civil Service Commission, will be on campus Monday and Tuesday to speak ter senior engineering students regarding opportunitiOs in government service. He will meet these students in the regularly scheduled GE 103 period Tuesday morning. Stocking will also be available to answer specific questions which any senior might have regarding government position in the conference room, ground floor of the Executive building, from 1:30 to 4:30 o’clock Monday afternoon No individual interviews with Stocking are scheduled. a.r.w.
Students Find Relaxation Enjoying Recordings Of Classics In Union*s Luxurious Music Room
By John Armstrong University students are usually pictured as a group of young people shuttling between classes and the Sweet Shop, stiending any other time they may have either in midnight study or general “joeing,” hut there are many, it seems, who don't fit this formula. You’ll find a goodly number of these “untypical” students spending some of their leisure time two floors above the Sweet Shop in the Union’s well-equipped Music room. The idea of having a place on the campus where students might listen to recordings of fine music and hear programs by skilled musicians was first 8UCT®8ted by J. N. Davis, a columnist on the Exponent staff back in the middle thirties. His idea became a reality when the 1986 addition of the Union was opened. DiffienHies Arise At first the new Music room had its difficulties. It was hard to secure money to buy the expensive recordings of the great musical works. Through a Carnegie Institute grant, however, 2000 records
were received, and 100 books on music and composers were placed in the Browsing room. " The first record player installed also proved unsatisfactory. During the second year, however, the present Federal instrument was obtained. Then, too, there were the usual Doubting Thomases who said that no student in this realm of the slide rule would appreciate classical music. To the amazement of these people, the Music room attracted the interest of a surprisingly large number of students. Feature Campus 'Talent The Union from the first sponsored musical programs to increase the student Interest in music. This year the Stmday afternoon hi-week-ly'programs are featuring campus instrumental and vocal talent. Wednesday nights this year the Music room is presenting an hourlong program of the more popular recorded works of some composer. Last Wednesday, for example, Tschaikowsky was the “composer of the evening;” among the works
played were selections from his ever popular “Nutcracker Suite.” The Music room is open from morning till nighf^very day, and any student is welcome to visit it, play any of the library of records, make himself comfortable in the easy chairs and look at the art exhibits on display there. Double doors and ankle-deep carpets make it a quiet, restful haven. Maintenance Of Interest This year the activities of the room are managed by Barbara Fellows and Thomas D. Carpenter, Union vice-presidents. Their principal task is to see that the steadily rising student interest in the room that has characterized its first four years is maintained. So, the next time you find yourself between dates or labs with a few idle minutes at hand, visit the Music room (it’s on the second floor of tfie Union above the east entrance) and find out for yourself the pleasure you can have through classical music.
Athletes At Rest
Exponent Photo by Archibald Riveter track captain Ed Holderman and teammate Bob Wente snatch a few minutes of rest under numerous towels after warming up for their heats in the 880-yard run. Holderman’s time of 1:56.4, one and one-tenth second over Bodeau’s 1939 Purdue indoor record, neft only won the first heat for him but placed him ahead of all other heat winners for that distance. Wente placed fifth in the second heat and will not compete today.
Debaters Will Oppose Teams From Florida, Rutgers During Week Varsity debaters will take the 1 ostium in two intercollegiate debates duiing the coming week, meeting the University of Florida here on Tuesday evening and Rutgers University on Thursday evening. Both debates will be conducted in the congressional style on the subject, “Shall the nations of the western hemisphere enter into a permanent union?” William M. White and Mark Keane will form the University team at Tuesday—evening’s debate in Fowler Hall. They will support the affirmative of the question. White and Keane aie both seniors with four years of experience in forensic work. Florida Debaters Florida will be lepresented by Dick Anderson, graduate student in statistics, and Bernard Fuchs, freshman law student. Anderson has made two tournament trips for the University of Florida, is a m^ber of several honoraiy fraternities, and is listed in “Who’s Who in American Colleges and Universities.” Fuchs has had three years of debating experience, was general college debate manager in 1940 and won the Board of Control Oratorical Contest in 1938. Meet Rutgerg Team Thursday night in the Home Economics Auditorium the University negative team composed of Seymour Udell and Richard Springgate, both seniors, will meet the affirmative half of a four-man Rutgers team making a cross-country tour during spring recess. Making the trip ^or Rutgers are Lorenz Proli, Joseph W. Siryv Norman P. Thomas and Howard J. Crosby, all outstanding students and active in extra-curricular affairs. r.l.h. Westminster Foundation To Sponsor Skating Party Westminster Poundi^tion will sponsor « skating party tonight at Maple Point roller rink. All students are invited to meet at the church at 8 o’clock for recreation until 10, when transportation to the rink will be furnished.
Prom Queen Entries Due Monday At 4 Names of candidates for Prom Queen must be submitted to Jim Wolff, chairman of the judging committee, by 4 o’clock Monday in the Student Senate office on the third floor of the Union. To facilitate the woik of the committee, entries from the various co-ed groups are limited as follows: two from each sorority, four from WRH and three from PIA. The list of entries will appear in Tuesday’s Exponent and after the committee makes their decision at 4 o’clock Tuesday afternoon, the name of the winner will appeal in Wednesday’s paper The members of the committee are: R W. Donahue, Exponent; Alexander Clarke, Union; Paula Zwieilein, AWS; Jim Adams, Junior Senate; Wayne Mussei, PIA; Bob Brown, Debris; Margaret Terstegge, Mortar Board, and Jim Wolff, Prom Committee, v.b. Varsity Show To Hold Second Tryout Today Over one hundred of the would-be cast for George Ade’s play “The College Widow,” the 1941 Varsity Show, tried out yesterday afternoon and evening in the Union. Many of the applicants for the 24 speaking parts showed promise. However, more actors and singers are needed. When completed, the cast will include a singing chorus of 120 and a dancing chorus of 30. Since two hundred are needed to complete the chst, anyone interested in speaking ot chorus parts is urged to tryout today at 3 o’clock in the Tower Room and rooifi 363 of the Union. The Varsity Show, produced jointly by Playshop qnd the musical organizations, will he presented for students only on May 1 and on May 3 for faculty and visitors. c.r.w. Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity annomxces the pledging of Claude LaBaw of Hammond.
By Ted Clark Two jackrabbit hurdlers toyed with 70-yard low hurdle record in the Fieldhouse last night and left it a shambles as they high-lighted the opening of the Big Ten Indoor Carnival. Not satisfied when Towle of Wisconsin equalled the American mark of :8.2 seconds, set by Earl Thompson of Dartmouth in 1921, Chuck Horvath, Northwestern speedster, and Don Olsen of Illinois battered at the old time, reduced it to 8 seconds flat and made it say “uncle.” The Wildcat star broke it twice during the pieliminaries, while Olsen pel formed the same feat once. To make the accomplishment more amazing, the Fieldhouse course was lined with one more hurdle, six m all, than Thompson was forced to clear. Amazing Things In fact, your reporter was somewhat more than mildly surprised at many things during the passing of a very interesting evening. Bill Lewis of Illinois did the unexpected when he took time out from the broad jump semi-finals to run third in one of the hurdle heats. ,Alex Jentsch was the victim of tough luck, for he was running third behind the renowned Warren Bridenbach of Michigan and Campbell Kane of Indiana when he tripped and dropped out of the race. Dave Rankin, always a sterling competitor, took a headlong nosedive as he stormed across the finish line in one of the semi-final low hurdle heats. However, he came up unscathed after he had placed sec(Continued on page 3) Co-eds Will Compete For Decker Trophy Co-ed groups will compete in the second annual Co-ed Capers sponsoied by the University YWCA on next Saturday, at 3 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. This program Will he one of the features of the Mid-Term Folks’ Day weekend. ‘fe' The group winning the contest will be given the Decker Trophy, donated by Decker’s Bookstore.-The group wiiming it three consecutive years will be permitted to keep it permanently. At present it is in the possession of the Delta Gamma sorority. ^ Knight, Feldt Judges Judges for the contest are Mrs. ' F. B. Knight, president of the YWCA advisory board; Miss Irene - Feldt, director of the placement service for women, and Robert Horn of the speech department. The proceeds of the 10 cent admission fee will be used to send a local delegate to the YWCA camp at Geneva, Wis., next summer. June Julin is in charge of the committee making arrangement. Othw committees and their chairmto include: program, Alice Read; tadeets, Jaao Bland; and publMty, Vivian Feterson upd Jeanne Wiel. ip-Minute limit Any number may partiidpate in a stunt, but each act is United to 10 minutes. Groups pacUeipathig in the show aco AJ^ha Xt IMkn, Alpha CM Omega, Old Omegti Kappa Kappa Gamma, Ft Beta lid, Theales. North WRH, South and Wood Hall, ajr.w.T^. ■
fiaqA2—£diiA Jumbf^ JoUl Your Last Chance ... to do your bit to spread international good will and just plain Christian charity will go by the boards today when the committee of the World Student Service Fund closes its campaign to raise money for students in distress in a world at war. It’s hard to appreciate as we go to the show, drink cokes, go to dances, read good books and magazines, that somewherp there is a young person just like ourselves who is gazing at four bare walls, who can find neither food for his body hor hope for his heart. Very remote is that picture yet how real is his problem. We can help some, if we will.
Letters To The Editor
Lafayette, Indiana March 7, 1941 Purdue Exponent, Dear Staff: Last night I saw the play “Night Most Fall.” The day before I read your article discussing the acting of the various players, I noticed that you didn’t give Josephine Stong much credit. She was magnificent. A lot of credit to Dick Pittenger, too. His acting was very good. But I think Josephine Stong takes the prize. Especially in the first sceife of the last act. She done (sic) a marvelous piece of acting. AH the I>eople around me were talking about how good she was. And if anyone was doing character acting she was. I say hats off to Jo Stong. A Reader.
LUMA SUN - MON. — 2 HITS
A RHYTHIIMtOARING RIOTi
Bawd upon the comic strip ~ by ChlcYouns xwtti Penny .Arthur.Lorry tWnETOII LAKE SIMMS
ALSO-
, ALEXANDER KORDA pnNote. BieTUIEFi efBAGRAP itatrbg CONRAD VQDT taHUCKTECMIKOlOR
DAY — 2 HITS! SIGRID GURIE in 'Dark Streets of Cairo'
ALSO-
ROY ROGERS in 'ROBINHOOD OF PECOS'
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY —
WITH DONALD WOODS — AND —
ITTER end huhoK*«mrrC HASH
OP THE mVERfACE AMONOERAM PICTURE.
ALSO 'WINNERS OF THE WEST' Serial
— SUNDAY - MONDAY— HE STAYED FOR BREAKFAST THE GREAT McGINTY MICKEY MOUSE
um usm
nnu DiumuiD
Jimmy’s back... ki die gay ’90s... and those good old days willtiever b«
die same!
Starts TODAY
Sctiurdoy. March 8, 1941
fijuJutusL £xfatuudL
...From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News to Cblcaso Daily News Foreign Serrice, Oopyrigbt, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. The German expeditionary force in Bulgaria commandeered every available source of transportation yesterday to rush troops to the northern border, it was said in Sofia, while the British pushed equipment to the Turks. An unconfirmed hut widely circulated report was that the Germans will strike within 24 hours.
Fo/ey To Play Piano Recital Tomorrow Edward K. Foley, concert pianist of Lafayette and Chicago, will give a recital tomorrow afternoon in the Music Room of the Union at 4 o’clock. A former student of Rachmaninoff, Foley has been well received in previous appearances on the campus. Foley has just returned from an 1800-mile tour through the East with the “Ice Capades” where he acted as accompanist for Vera Hruba, Czechoslovakian rink star. Alpha Xi Delta . . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: president Mary Bailey, Gary; vicepresident Jane Blank, Lorain, Ohio; recording secretary Bunny Evans, Glen Ellyn, Illinois; corresponding secretary Nancy Mahin, West Lafayette; co-treasurers Vivian Peterson, East Orange, New Jersey, and Ruth Mae Evans, Hammond; chaplain Ruth Newton, Niagara Falls, New York; rush chairman Frances Jones, Valparaiso; social chairman Janet Kendall, St. Petersburg, FI.
The Turkish Parliament has been summoned to meet on Monday and is scheduled to hear an address by tbe premier on Wednesday. Tbe contents of the German message recently delivered and the Turkish reply are expected to be divulged then.
Yugoslav Neutral A Yugoslav statement reiterating that country’s neutrality is expected soon, it was said in Belgrade. The regent, Prince Paul, was received last Monday by Hitler at Berchtesgaden.
How many German divisions have crossed the Danube is still uncertain, George Weller radioed from Belgrade. Judging from the "Strength of the general staff in Sofia, he believes the number probably does not exceed six divisions, plus aircraft.
AN EASTER GIFT Your Portrait by OLAN MILLS STUDIO Call Today for an Appointment DIAL 3413 DIAL 3413
Starts TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY 'im
The ^th Column . The Pttrdue Exponent
Norwegians Revenge “Nearly 100 Norwegians had the honor of returning to their own country to help in the sensational raid on Lofoten,” William H. Stoneman cabled yesterday ^om London. “Three hundred and twenty loyal Norwegians returned with the party.”
Down in Louisian^, some enterprising radio broadcaster has made plans for broadcaitinjg the Ihst words of four murderers. The murderers are going to speak their bit into the microphone just^ before they climb the gallows steps. To make the set up really complete though... They should have a sponsor. * * * One of the murderex's recently told reporters at his press conference, “Friends I want you to know I am one of the happiest men on earth.” Now we admit that Adolf is an awful strain on our nerves. But we really think that these murderers . . . Are going to extremes. To avoid being bothered by Adolf. * * >i< Gordon Enders explained the technique of keeping a nation in subjection yesterday morning in his history 130 class. If seems that first, a Gestapo who will turn in anybody, even their own -parents, is needed. Then secondly, nobody can be permitted to deny the Gestapo's charges. Thus if a Gestapo officer comes up to you and says, “Yesterday at Hans Schwartz’s beer hall, you said Hitler was a fool,” you must go along quietly to a concentration camp. Of course the moral of the whole affair is . . . Don’t drink beer. * * + Down here in the Expo office all is confusion as the business staff is putting up a set of walls and such for private offices. Cement mixers, sand, and concrete all over the place. The business staff is all very happy at the thought of their new offices. But we of the editorial staff think it’s all a bunch of foolishness. Going to so much trouble. Just to have a place . . . To hide the undelivered Exponents. * * >i< We’ve been hearing about a number of war lelief
Entered m second class matter at the post office in Lafnrette. Indiana, under the act of CbnKreas of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaco provided for in section 1108. act Of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1022, Published dally except Monday during tbe regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub-
scription 88.60.
Bditer^in-Chlef. W. iOMiffine Business Maiiagcr....»....i..„...>„, Merle Hagemeyer
, Publication Staff
News Editor.... J. H. McKee Managing ^itor.__ D. K. Helple Assomte Editom: N. A. Ochilteee, J. A. Purcell, L. W.
Rttffner, R. M. SkaUemp, J. L. Tmugott.
Budnen Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. 8. Powers. G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemuer; Acraunts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Mbnager, R. M.
ReCktenwald.
Editor Associate Editors:
Siess.
Co-ed Staff . .. Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Sports Staff Mitor. ._. .. . J, P. Dolan Ateoclate Editors: J. F. Adamsbn, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff Por This Issue 'Night Editor: Pnrcell Day Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Brophy Night Sports Editori Swaim Staff: R, L, Hadley, J. H. Armstrong, R. S. Kolb, O. L. Allanson, P. HowaM, V. Barson, A. Worsley, M. Flannagan, P. Pettibone, F, A. Klumpe, P. E. Burkhardt, B. G. Smith and H. G. doBkilyn.
organizations lately. One that particularly fascinates us is “Bundles for Britain.” The only thing is, this isn’t quite far enough, in our opinion. We are definitely in favor of the formation of two more organizations, to be named .. . “Bombs for Benito.” And “Assassins for Adolf.” ola
R. A. F. pilots, according to information reaching Edgar Ansel Mowrer in Washington.
The damage to British west coast ports from bombing threatens to I’lval the loss of shipping and a certain falling off in the quality of
“That any incursion on English soil can be safely handled is the assurance that cheered Britons yesterday as they discussed Capt. David Margesson’s full-dress speech as war secretary,” Helen Kirkpatrick cabled yesterday from London.
Joein ’ ^Round
South African forces are advancing through Italian Somaliland and across the' Ethiopian frontier toward the Addis Ababa-Djibouti railroad, and are meeting little opposition, a Cairo communique reports.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
nna
NEAGLE
from the famous ''Tea For Two" musical romance
HELEN BRODERICK zAsu nns BIE ARDEN , TAMARA BIUY GILBERT . Stoait ItORBlTSOH RKO RADIO nauRE TODAY— ’ TWO FIRST RUN HITS LI'L ABNER
APLUS
THE EAST SIDE KIDS IN BOYS OF THE CITY
By Peg Howard We’re all for some sort of a defense measure. For defending us against six-weeks tests, we mean. Soit of a “lend-lease” bill. Where the “profs” lend us a new lease on life by postponing our tests. ’Til the week beginning March 22. We need protection at a University where they hand out yellow slips on the Ides of March! Oh well, at least they havn’t stopped our social life, ’cause this weekend has PLENTY of life. This afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union the PI A is sponsoring a tea dance beginning at 8 o’clock. Recorded rhythms will supply the incentive for dancing. Ill Ik % Tonight, you “joes” will have to flip a coin tu decide where to go because there's lots to choose from. An enthusiastic audience will see the final presentation of Playshop’s “Night Must Fall” in Fowler Hall tonight. If not overcome by the jitters from this masterpiece in
JhsL mw FORTUNE
murders, they could then proceed— To the south ballroom of the Union where Paul Reedy’s campus band will ssmcopate super selections for dancing. * Ik Ik Or if you’re sports (and beauty) conscious, journey over to the Fieldhouse to the Big Ten Indoor Track Meet which promises to be a really colorful affair. And I do megn colorful, with maroon sawdust. Ann Ostrander and her court of co-eds will reign over the meet. * * Ik And in the north ballroom of the Union the Pi Phi’s will entertain at a formal dinner dance. Dancingwill be enjoyed during dinher as well as later through the cdurtesy of Maury Mahn and his boys. * * Ik Oh yes, and there are state dances galore at Indianapolis this week— The ATO’s will entertain at the Riley Room of the Claypool with Dick Cisne and his orchestra— While the DU’s dance to Warpy Waterfall’s ripply rhythms at the Columbia Club— And the Sigma Chi's at the Indianapolis Athletic Club have obtained the services of Bill Carlson and his sweet music. * * * Well, there’s the week-end; so take your pick, but don't forget that chemistry test on Monday. Bye
WAA
A STEP TO DISTINCTION
Bully Brogues — new handsome brutes Huskiest of the husky in a season of rugged shoes. Bully Brogues Invite approval of the fashion-wise... Their pedigree goes back to custommade ancestors. Surprisingly comfortable. Get a pair tqday. $4.00 B. & W. Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St.
By Virginia Barson WAA will hold a primary election'' on Thursday, March 13, At this time additional nominations to those already made may be submitted. Two women will be selected hy a majority vote from the nominees to run in the general election on March 19. —WAA— The council has already named two eligible candidates for each office. Eleanor Harrison apd Kathern Ade are candidates for president; Gail Hennis and Barbara Ford for vice-president; Jane Blank and Opal Blagrave^for treasurer; Ruth Walker and Monica BuergJer for secretary. All WAA members are asked to be at the mass meeting. Those members who have paid their dues apd have earned 25 points will be eligible to vote. _ First round of the ping pong tournament will be held Tuesday, March 11, at 4 o’clock in the gym. Shuffleboard first ropnd will be held Thursday, March 13, at 4 o’clock. The schedule fox* these games will be posted in the gym.
Ak.
Ui.
Salt^day, March 8«
fia0a, 3 ' %atkaA. ■
In The Churchy
^ ^ Methodist Stu^ ^ I h. in; 6t the idbuiunl aiid doinmission. 9{80 a. III..Sunday School. Co-eds —Stu^y of the Life of Christ. Men —^i^ht hy Dr, A. if. Bailey. i0:4(l a. ni. Momihg Church Service. SermOn hy Dr. Steele on; "Christian Experience.” 5:46 p. .Ml. Fellowship program led by Burt Hofferth. 6:10 p. m. Talk by Prof. „R. G. Thomas oil "Preparing for the Next bepresOibn.” 6:46 p; m. Worship led by Bill Petersbh.
By illary Kay
Baptist Students West liafayette Baptist Church Codhier Colunibia & Chauncey ' Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor f Or Students 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Class. Rev. J, B. Gleason, teacher. 10:36 a. m. Church. Sermon: “The ti&udnjg of Sin.” Music: Junior Choir. 6:00 p. m. Roger Wililams Club meets at church. Transportation will he furnished to Lafayette Christian Church. The club will visit the Chriatiah Foundation. The speaker, will be Rev. boyie Mullen, minister of the Christian Church. His subject wil Ibe “Inter-Cooperation of Churches.”
Could it be spring pnis the weather just playing tricks on us again? We hope that it is spring, because this weather a^ees vsith us even if it doesn’t With our studies. WTV^ ■ ■ ■ Have you seen the new “Georgies”? In <^se yoU don’t know what they are-—a “Georgie” is a shawl. Most of them are hand made, so if you feel inclined try one. The most popular ones are made out of spun rayon,—wobl4ike ih texture with fringe of wool yarn,_The shawl -is one yard square and the fringe varies in length. Helen Cbx made an interesting one. It is red with white fringe on two sides and blue oii the other two sides. ; • ■ •—wTw— The ring situation is growing interesting as time goes on, and we don’t mean these diamonds and other rings used for engagement purposes. The rings that ifire mean, are these wide band rings, that at first glance remind us of our grand-
mother’s wedding ring. Dotty,Benson has a wide silver band ■^th her name engraved on it.... Peg Davis ^ chooses bne.in gold which looks like it is hUnd wrought.... Jane Winterrowd (again) wears a silver one with red and green bands of sets in it. ^—^W’Tw— Maybe our men students aren’t going off to the wars (army camps) now, but that doesn’t keep the coeds from coming put in patriotic colors and designs. Even thpugh our campus is army minded. We are still. seeing a bigger naval influence on clothes than army. Maybe the •zniy Is slipping, or perhaps it would be a good idea to select better looking uniforms for , the soldier boys. Why can’t they preak" away from the dull khaki and get some good looking color like the (we can’t mention their names, but they are our brothers down below about 100 miles) ROTC. They wear blue down there.
UiiiVerisity Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street Rev. Jphn W. Findley, Pastor and Director 6f Westminster Foundation 9:80 a. m. The discussion group will continue With the topic of “Christianity and Democracy” under the leadership of Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m. There will he no morning worship service because of the religious convocation in the nlusic hall. 6:00 p. m. The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper in the church basement. The program will be in charge of the music committee. All students are invited to join in the fellowship.
University Glee Club Sin^s At Elkhart Special Concert University Men’s Glee Club will be featured in a special concert before the Sunday Evening Club sponsored by the chamber of conunerce in Elkhart 1;omorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Mid The
:.. atmosphere of the gay cabaret, 400 couples danced last night to the strains of Bill Martin's orchestra. For the second time this year, the theme of the dance was successfully changed from the usual ballroom atmosphere to the night-life style of the old-time cabaret. ^
WSSF Thermometer
Episcopal Students At St. John's Church 6th and Perry Sts., Lafayette 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m. Morninjg prayer and sermon. At University Presbyterian Church North St; near N. Grant, W. L; 9;()0 a. m. Holy Communion. 6:00 p. m. Seabury Society with Sunday Evening Club. .; ■ Reese F. Thornton.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday program at Lafayette Christian Church Si^h and North Streets 9:30 a. m. Student Class. Rev. Bill McFadden of the Wesley Foundation will teach on the topic, “Spiritual Opportunities of Lent.” 10:40 a. m. Church orship Service. “The Imperatives of Life” is the sermon topic to be preached by the Rev. Doyle Mullen, 4:00 p. m. Speaking Choir practice. ^ 6:16 p. m. 10c Supper at the church. (Note change in place,) The Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will unite
Goal: $700
with us in the meeting of the evening. The proceeds of the supper, which will be a sacrificial rice and tea mehl, will be given jointly by the two groups to the WSSF. 6:00 p. m. Forum, consisting of the usual program of recreation, singing, discussion and worship. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will be the speaker of the evening. Let’s give our guests a hearty welcome!
Big-10 Track Competition (Continued from page 1) ond to Horvath in one of the reeprdr breaking jaunts. Takes It Out On Shoe To add to the queer incidents, quarter-miler Bob Pollard of Illinois lost one of his spiked shoes in the second turn of the 440-yard dash. At the conclusion of the race, Pollard flung the unsuspecting shoe upon the track and showered no end of uncomplimentary remarks upon it. The Fieldhouse interior looked like a three-ring circuis. With flags, streamers, bunting and a huge 40foot American flag. Tomorrow evening, Beauty Queen Ann Ostrander and her court of four will enliven the final performance of the conference, Tickets may still be obtained at the Fieldhouse ticket offices. The following qualified for the finals tonight: Broad Jump—Burnett, Indiana; Lewis, Illinois: Stout, Illinois; McCarthy, Michigan : McFadzean, Wisconsin; Foster, Wisconsin. Best distance—22 ft., 7/58 in., by Burnett, In;diana. 440 Yard Dash—Cochran, : Indiaiia; W. Todd, Iowa; Bailey, Illinois; Anthony, Purdue; Ufer, Michigan/ ’ Jenkins, Indiana; third. Best time—:49.1; Cochran, Indiana. 70 Yard Low Hurdles—Horvath, Northwestern; Kankiii, Purdue ; Sulzman'i OhioState : -Wright, Ohio" State; Olsen, Illinois ; Thomas, Michigan. Best tinie-t—:08.0, by Horvath, Northwestern, and Ol^n, Illinois, breaking old American indoor record of :08.2, set by Earl ■ Thompson, Dartmouth, in 1921. 60 Yard Dash —Piker, Northwestern; Thomas, Michigan ; Clay, Iowa ; Hammond, Ohio State; Evans, Minnesota; }tfcFadzean, Wisconsin; Keim, Purdue; Piel, Michigan ; Soergel, Wisconsin; Franck,' Minnesota; Wright, Ohio State; Novak, Wisconsin. Best itime—•-:06.3, Piker, Northwestern, and Franck, Minnesota. 70 Yard High - Hurdles—^Wright, Ohio State; Hall, Michigan; Hale, Illinois; Vollenweider, Iowa; McCarthy, Michighn’; Mikulas, Indiana; Finch, Northwestern; Sulzman, Ohio State; .Rankin, Purdue j . .Olsen, Illinois ; Horvath, ,Northwestern; Harrer, Wisconsin. Best time—;08.8, Olsen, Illinois. 880 Yard Run —^ Holderman, P u r, d u e: Brown, Illinois; Kendall, Indiana; Kautz, Michigan : Eisenhart, Ohio State: ' Egert, Michigan; Kane, Indiana; Breidenbach, Michigan ; Randall, Chicago. Beat time— 1:56.4, Holderman, Purdue.^
GroiMi^rs' Meet Ends Visitors from Virginia, Iowa, Kentucky, Ohio and Illinpis attended the two-day confertence of the Indiana hybrid seed corn producers which closed here yesterday. Approximately 260 Hoosiers were present at the discussions of hybrid com breeding problems and inbred and single cross performance. During the conference the seed growers heard Dr. W. I.‘Burlison of the University of Illinois make a plea for an enlarged agricultural research program and T. R. Johnson, University publicity director, lead a discussion on advertisingj.h.a. Mixed Recreation' . , . will be held tonight in the Women’s Grymnasium from 7 to 10:30 o’clock. Equipment for pingpong, badminton, shuffleboard and other games will be available until 9:30 o’clock at which time dancing will begin. The swimming pool will be open until 8:30. A charge of 10 cents will be made for men for the swim.
NoticeB
RimoTal' »i Coii4itioiiii in English nnd SpSSehi Examinations will be held in room lOl of the Education building Satazday, March IB, at 1 p. -m. —GREfcJK. CE 41 Students With C Or I Grades: Makeup examination will be held on March 16, room 126, Heavilon Hall. Permission to take the exam must be obtained from me before March 12. —GREVE.
Removid of CondiUons in GE 11 and GE 12 : Examinations wilt be held in room 201, Michael Golden, shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. ' —RISING. Surveying (CE 6): Examination for removal of 0 and I grades will be held in room 101, CE boilddng on. Saturday afternoon. Match 16. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMMEL.
All Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball starts this week: today, Friday and n^t Monday. Freshmen and sophomores practice at 4 p. m. and. juniors and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLEIGH.
All T & 1 E Students: Iota Lambda Sigma, T & I E ischolastic honorary, is sponsoring a dinner meeting of all T & I E students at 6 p. m. Tuesday, March 12, in room 286 of the Union. Purchase tickets in room 209 of the Education building before Saturday. , All- MenInterested in' all-campus ping pong please sign up immediately on entry sheet posted ;pn bulletin board outside Intramural office. . —MARY.
GE 16: Dtecriptive Geometry make-up examination for removal. of "C” and ‘T’ grades-will be held Saturday, March 16, 1 to 4 p. in. ih boom SQS, Cirtl -Engineering -Building. Arrahgements must, be made by March 14. —ELROD.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at .7:80 p. m; in room 184 of the Electrical Engineering building. R. C. Miles will give a demonstration iTOture op‘Practical Variable Frequency'Tirahsmitter CoptroL" —jPREED.
All Radio Club Members: Meeting Tuesday,- March; 11, ' in room 184 of the BJIeCtric^ Engineering building. A .treasurer and secretary will be elected for the remainder of the semester. —FREED.
Newman Club: The monthly Cominunion for all members of the club will take place at St. Mary's church Sunday, .March 9, at 9 :80 Mass. Rzeakfast will be served afterwards and as usual entertainment is on the program.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 16 are now available at Cashier’s rffice in Eexecutive building. . —HOLLENSBE.
Purdue Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 11, at 7-:30 p. m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. GbrdoW Endtes will .speak. Refreshments. . -v: . —BROWN. ‘
u
moTi
The BEST Food,
the Most Reasotiable Prices
INVITES YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS ■ to' ;■ ; ENJOY YOUR MEALS MORE • Delicious Food • Courteous Service • Reasonable Prices Breakfast 7-9 Luncheon — Dinner < ^ ' at- ■■ ■
The Corner of the Campus—Tet the Center of Activities
VttthmtM SngfnccXst Studento tusIRiMd to Engineering. lectures will, report Saiturday, March 8, W schools as. foUo-iZs: Stu* debts Whose names begin ‘WHh A-E, room 201, Civil En^neering Building; F-K, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; L-R, room 264, Electrical Building; S-Z, room 129, EleCtrlc«l„^«di«g, _ __kNAPP.
AH Stndcttts; Skating party, Saturday, March 8. Meet at Westminster Church for games and recreation at 8 :00 p- m. Skate ing at Maple Point from 10:30 to 12:80. Price, 26 cents a person. Those wHh ears admitted free. —EMERSON.
All C«-«dsj Those wanting tiefcete. ipr the WAA banquet March 20 may get tihcni at the WAA office « soteri^oa^ ■ —*WBSYOVSaR> '.; ■■ PlA Dance Classes: Advanced etasa Wilt meet Tuesday, March 11, in north tMllitMWa,Beginners’ class will meet Thursday, llargfc 13, In rooiH 306- —HtRUPHREY, Military Students: "The Army on Wh«efe,'V a movie taken duripg Army manenvepa gt f ort Benning, Ga,,r and Fbrt Bam exas,' in the spring of 1040 will be shown in room 129 of the Electrical Enghneering Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday,' March II, —VANDEKPORD,
Episcopal Students: Holy Ck)mmuPion' at University Presbyterian , Church, North Street near North Grant, at 9:00 a. m. on Sunday, March 9. —THORNTON.
PIA Eds and Ckneds: Those desiring work . •on Social Committee report at South Ballroom at 3:00, Saturday, March 8. . —ELDER.
Hillel Foundation: Don’t miss the “HoboHop’’ this Saturday night. Dancing 9 to 12. The dance Will be held at the temple, rth and Alabama. -'WOLF.
Alpha Lambda Delta: No pledging until after spring vacation. —'WAYNE. Catalyst . Actives and Pledges: Formal pledging Tuesday, Biiarch 11, in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgiesl Engineering • Building at 7:30 p. m. Be there. —PHILLIPS. CE 21 Examination: The examination for removal of C and I grades in GE 21 will be given from 1 to 4 p. m., Saturday, March 16, in room 310 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
/ AH Co-sda: Those wanting 'YWCA cabinet positions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Misa Coolidge before March T9. —^BRYANT;
AIL Students: Varsity Show tryouts Saturday, March 8, at 3 p. m. Dancing, vocal, dramatic and crew positions yet available.' , —PETERSON.
Students With C or I grades: Examinations for the removal of C or I grades in History, Cioyernment or Ekonomies will be given; Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. in room. 818 of the Recitation building. Applicatiobs should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation Building. —ESTEY.
University Choir: Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, March 9, at 9:30 a. m. —AMT
ME 30 C’s and I's: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 30 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room ME li3. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 16. —COPE.
AM Students: Who desire to cancel course without a grade must (Jo so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads of departments and must be Signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. ■The cards” must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER.
Debris Salesmen: Will the following people bring their sales books to the D^ris office at 1 p. m., Saturday, March 8: Doug Bakhr, Harold Cook, John Ely, Robert Landau, Steve Minton, Jean Moses, Harry Nelson, Jess Ault,'G. W. Shroyer, Charles Leffert, LeRoy Moore. It is very important that these books be turned in. If it is absolutely impossible to be there, call Bill Lancet (6071), between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. Saturday, March 8. Otherwise 1 will be forced to turn in your name to the Dean. -r-LANCEP. Purdue Wheelmen: Meeting Wednesday, March 12, at 8 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. It is important that aU old members be present. (Old members are thosp. Who have' gone on rides previous tq. Jatfnary, 1841.) No picnic. —^VANDERBILT;
Reamers: Smoker will.be held Tuesday, March 11, instead of Monday as' previoxisly announced. Faculty Lounge, 7:30 p. m. —BOHLIN. AH Girl Students: Practices for interclass basketball Monday. Freshman' and sophomores practice at 4 p. m. and juniors and seniors practice at 4:46 p. m. —FISHLEIGH. Varsity Baseball : Meeting in room 107 in the Fieldhouse Saturday, March 8, at 2 p. m. —FEHRIIJG. AH Baseball MaMgers: Report tq all practice sessions- starting Monday, Mar ch 10.. Previous work schedules are void. —DAVIS.
'toil SAUK' aiM wadiiwes. new •xM tAeS, ftn and leptidMed. AH hmM pUrtASM typawlrifew, OStlB to HiU. OmeB inmpUca- MimwgrBph. and work. C. F. Ebenkoff, 60S Main St Phone. 2778. For Etoatt Rost-Bent-A^Cag Sierviea. Caio for aU occarions. Min. $2.60 aR.Btgbt. Phone $407.
Haw'omiis YOU MUSIC ofm AT THE LOWiST fpCE IN oUltiHilipillli
8601— Schubert: Serenade Brahms: Hungarian Dance No. 5 29 8602— Schubert: Hark, Hark,; ther' Lark Gounod: Ave Maria '.29 8603— —Verdi: Traviata, ‘Di Provencial " ■■■ Mar’ Verdi: Don Carlos: “Doniiiro Sol Nel Manto” ...; .29 8504— ^Haydn: Serenade from Quartette, Op. 3, No. 5 Tsfl^ikowsky: Andante Cantabile;' Quar. Op. 11 ■..•29 8505— Johann Strauss: Blue Danube Waltz; Tales from the Vienna . Woods 29 8506— Leoncavallo: Pagllacci: , ‘Vesti la Giubba’ Verdi: Rigoletto: “La Donna 6, Mobile” ............. .29 8507— Greig: Solveig’s Song from Peer Gynt Suite ; Schumann': Prophet Bird 29 8508— ^Macushla L’Amonr, Tonjours 1...........29 8509— -Beethoven: Moonlight Sonata (AdoKio) , Rimsky-Korsakpff: . Hymn to Sun .29 8510— Greig: I Love Yon Brahms t Lullaby .... .29 8511— Rachmaninoff: Prelude ih G Minor Fibich: Poeme ,29 8512— Debussy: Minstrels Maiden with Flaxen Hair........ .29 86i3r^^Bach: Air on G, String Liszt: Liebestranm ....... A9 8614—La PaLoma; CayaUerla Rnsticana ........... A9 8515—Ay Ay Ay O Solo Mio J9 8616—None But the Lonely Heart Brahms: Hnhgarian Dance No. 6 419 • 8520—Rimsky-Korsakoff Song of India Gillett: Loin da Bal .................. .29 8521—I Love Ufe Morning J9 8522r—Johann Strauss: Wine, Women and Song Vienna Bon Bmu ................ 49
FAMOUS SYMPHONIC WORKS
with Albuni
A-1 Schubert: “Unfinished” Symphony ' (three 12” records in / album) ' $1.79 A-2 Mozart: Symphony No. 40 in 6 Minor (three 12” records in album) V $1.79 A-3 Strauss: Album of Waltzes (five 10” records in album) $1.79 A-4 Treasury of Instrumental ;' M.u^c- ■ . - ■ , (four 16”. records in . album) $1.49 A-10 Tschaikowshy: Nutcracker Suite (three 12” retiords in album) $1.79
8523—My Old Kentucky Home Jeannie with L^ht 'Brown Hair....—. TI9 '8524—Malotte: The Lord's Prayer NOvin: The Rosary ...... JKl 8529— Johann Strauss: Emperor Walto Sweetheart Waltz .: ..... 48 8530— Johann Strauss :Vienna - Blw^ Artists Life 49 8531— Johann Strauss: Voices of ^ciiw Sonttam Rosea 49 8532— ^Rearth, Heav'n; Sometimea P^ Like a Motherless ChUd ; Marian' Anderson ; 8638r—Ravel: Bolero 49 8536—Kilmer: Trees De Koven : Oh, Promise Mo ............. 49
A.6
MisceUaneous Sets, S9e-89e
A-7 A-8
A-9
- 49
Gingerbread Boy : Cinderella (two 16” reeo^)
Little Red Riding BDood: Sleeping Beauty (two 16” records) ^ 49
Treasury of Song
(three 46” records in paelM*).„...„._ 49
Salon Maaio
A-M Rpssi^^Y^^^ TeU Overture (tw ^9^ ^Mords hi paclut) 49;
ATTHE BfcLEAN MU^C CP. Mail and Phone Orders Accepted tkfdyette, ini, ' ■
■
wfe-iiriiWiTiWiWs.!Saturday, March 8, 1941
fijuMduiL £xfiotuud.
'‘ti m & 4i\
Wisconsin Hardwood Mentor Comments On His Loop Court Kings By Don Meier Down from the Badger encampment in Madison for the meeting of Western Conference hardwood coaches, big Bud Foster Wisconsin’s basketball mentor deluxe consented to yield some veiy interesting facts when questioned about the outstanding success of his team this^ season. Placing the physical ability of his players on the top of the list as success seci et number one, Coach Foster stated that fnuch of his team’s power w'as derived from the individual specialties/of his men. In Englund the Badger mentor commented that the Madison school has possibly the best pivot shot in the country. Kotz is a lad that could almost always be counted on for points in the pinches, a fact which Coach Foster admitted to be very important. Strain, who is Wisconsin’s dribbling specialist, and Rehm
Emergency Drives Baseball Tune-Up To Judging Pavilion Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s baseball hopefuls, moved out of their Fieldhouse quarters by the influx of Big Ten cinder stars, have been working out the past few days in the Livestock Judging Pavilion on the Ag campus. Approximately 46 candidates are battling for a place on the squad and the sessions are becoming more strenuous. As has been the custom for the past few years, there will be a southern training trip during spring vacation.
Roger Williams Club ... will visit the Christian Foundation tomorrow night. Reverend Doyle Mullen will speak on “InterCooperation of Churches.” Members should meet at the church at five o’clock.
as rebound artist made up a defense combination hard to improve upon. With conference competition of the 1940-41 hardwood year only a memory, the Badger coach is still hoping for more Victoriq^ before his present team is merely a pleasant memory. At present the Badger team is entered in the NCAA meet. When questioned concerning his hopes for next year’s team, Mentor Foster admitted that his squad would be somewhat depleted by graduation, but that several promising boys are on tap to take the places vacated. Graduating from the Badger school in 1930, Foster played for three years on the Wisconsin team.
Sunny South Six games will be played on this jaunt, three in Pensacola, Florida, and three in Ailburn, Alabama. Upon returning home, the Riveters will have slightly over a week to prepare for their home contest against Notre Dame on April 10. The conference campaign opens at Columbus eight days later with a two game series with the Bucks. Twelve games make up the Boilermakers’ Big Ten schedule which closes here May 24 against Michigan. Several fine sophomore prospects are expected to bolster the team which finished near the top of the second division in last year’s race. The Riveters’ 1941 schedule,.which calls for 27 contests, follows: March 24-26-26—U. S. Naval Air Station, Pensacola, Fla. March 27-28-29—Alabama Poly, Auburn, Ala. April 10—Notre Dame, here April 11-12—West. Ill State Teachers, here April 16—St Joseph’s College, here. April 18-19—Ohio State, Columbus, O, Apiil 22—Wabash, here April 25-26—Illinois, Champaign, 111 April 29—Butler, Indianapolis Ind May 2-3—Notre Dame, South Bend, Ind May 9-10—Northwestern, here May 13—Butkr, here May 16-17—^Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minn May 20—^Wabash, Crawfordsville, Ihd. May 23-24—Michigan, here
Pistol Team Fires Win Over Hoosiers The Riveter pistol team, host to the Hoosiers, scored its eighth consecutive win in a 28-match season Wednesday afternoon in the Armory. Attempting to better' their 21 of 23 record of last year, the marksmen outshot Indiana, 13671146. Powell, leading Boilermaker shooting with 277, shaded Kettenring, who fired 276. Gebhardt, with 273; Yoder, 266; and Faut, 266, completed the squad score. Of late, competition among collegiate pistol teams has been exceptionally keen. Oklahoma was defeated by a narrow margin, 13521309, while the Yale encounter, resembling that with the Hoodeniy ended with a 1363-1194 score, favoring the Riveters. r.l.m. Mixer Tonight Fetes Big Ten Track Stars Tonight’s mixer will be a tribute to those Big Ten trackmen who spent yesterday evening defending their respective alma maters. The highlight of the evening will be the crowning of Ann Ostrander as Big Ten Track Queen, who will be attended by Sylvia Pittman, Barbara Hyman, Roberta Glezen and Vivian Peterson, her court of beauties. Paul Reedy and his campus orchestra will furnish the music for dancing from 9 to 12 o’clock. The back-drop features an athlete surrounded by Big Ten pennants, and the band fronts display large white tens on black backgrounds, f.a.k.
You Could Write Our Advertising If You Could See OUR Values PURDUE 5 and 10
Across from Postoffice
IBl m ni
iluJtXf JoteWs perfect color innovation. Just enough spice and tang to add new glamour to your Spring ensemble Be wise . - . be first to wear it.
WI RE WHISPERINi; SOME IMPORTAIIf FACTS! Crown is making Steady Progress in the Dry Cleaning field. In order to keep step with the times, we built a complete new plant . . . new buildings, ne>y modem equipment . . . everything necessary to serve you better. What’s newest in the Dry Cleaning profession. Crown has it.
r I ME CLEANERS
Healthful Appetizing Food
served quickly from two fast-moving lines awaits you in . . , Union C^aietepia Economical, spotlessly
clean, and with a variety to suit every taste at , . .
■ikf
JhsL fiwtdiUL WjumfmL UniofL Corner of Campus Yet the Center of Activities
Riveters Sponsor Track Ginic For State Coaches In connection with the Big Ten Track Meet being held here this week-end, Hermon Phillips, Boilermaker track mentor, announced that today there would be a special one-day track and field athletic clinic for the coaches of elementary and secondary schools. Homer Allen, assistant track coach, who will be in charge of the clinic, will devote both morning and afternoon sessions to the mutual problems of the coaches. . Sprints, hurdles, middle distances
and relays, high and broad jumps, pole vault and shot put are the topics that are slated for discussion. Methods of promoting and conducting a meet will also be discussed.
Conference Coaches
Many of the Big Ten coaches who will have th^ir teams here for the indoor meet will attend the meetings. These coaches will take part in the discussion and be available for consulting. A number of outstanding high school coaches from over the state will assist Allen in leading the discussions. Several of the Big Ten coaches who will attend the clinic are E. C. Hayes from Indiana, T. E. Jones from Wisconsin, Ne^ Merriam from Chicago, and Ken Doherty from Michigan.
Guests
Coaches attending the clinic are to be the guests of the athletic department at the finals of the Big Ten meet in the Fieldhouse at eight o’clock Saturday night. Program for the track and field
clinic follows: -Room 106 (get
Intra Mural
Sports
All;-Campus Ping Pong Beginning Monday afternoon, the all-campus ping pong singles tournament will start eliminations at 4 o’clock in Room 106 of the Fieldhouse. At present there are about 76 entrants; however, the deadline for entries isn’t until the start of the tourney Monday. All that are planning to participate in the event must be prompt on Monday after-
noon.
Fraternity Volleyball The inter - fraternity volleyball tournament opens Tuesday, March 11, at the Fieldhouse. Each team entered will play three games in the first round. After the first round of action the eight leading teams will compete in a straight elimination tournament which starts the following Thursday. A trophy wilijje awarded to the fraternity winning the championship; medals are given to members of the victorious team. Fraternity Baseball Fraternity baseball teams will begin their schedule the first week following spring vacation. Several^ practice games will be arranged by the Intramural Office before the regular season begins. As in years before, all contests will be staged on Russell Field, located west of the campus. ALL-CAMPUS BADMINTON Saturday, March 8, 1:16 p. m. David Collins vs. J. B. Crockford. W. R. Becker vs. D. Blue. J. Crutchfield vs. C. F. Bietz. J. L. Covert vs. E. L. Paulsen. D. L. Douglass vs. F. E. Meyer. Bruce Davis vs. E. Hausburg. W. B. Agler vs. L. A. Cohen. C. H. Rechenbaeh vs. T. T. Taylor. W. Jackson vs. F. L. Danowskl. M. Evanson vs. J. G. Kalbflelsch. V. W. Lamoureaux vs. L. Cole. D. Bailey vs. H. Goldstein. Bob Green vs. Ray Lumpkin. Bob Baker vs. R. D. Haiveaheimer. H. W. Payne vs. Jim Mann. J. H. Papurca vs. B. Ballard. W. Ohman, bye. R. Romanowich, bye.
9:80 a. m.—Registrationtickets for Big Ten finals).
10:00—Room 106—“Stars and Sprints,’’ Rolla P. Chambers, Track Coach, North Side High School, Fort Wayne, Indiana. 10:46 — Room 106 — "Hurdles,’’ W. T. "Ted” Swenson, Assistant Track Coach, The
State University of Iowa.
11:30—Pool Balcony—Movies of NCAA
and other track meets.
2:00 p. m.—Room 106—"Middle Distances and Relays,’’ Russel "Rut” Walter, Assistant Track Coach, Northwestern University. 2 :46—Room 106—"Promoting and Conducting a Track Meet,” Paul K Myers, Track Coach, Technical High School, In-
dianapolis, Indiana.
8:30—Room 106—"Field Events,” discussion leader to be selected.
Fraternity 'B' Basketball Tourney Draws To Close Inter-fraternity “B” basketball competition will end Monday night, at which time the final tilt will decade the new champion. Sigma Phi Epsilon will meet the winner of the Lambda Chi-Theta Xi match. These three, as yet, are undefeated. Another final to be held Monday is that of ward play, in which Ward 7 has won a place by dei^eating Ward 17 and will contest the decision for champion with the Ward 18-Ward 30 winner. Co-op tournament play finds Chauncey, Circle Pines, Luma and Rochdale in the lead, these teams having suffered no defeats. Chguncey to date has two hardwood trophies to its credit, r.l.m.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplios
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RliK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 41*1» Miln Sto. PhoM 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11914 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
a jawalara
a Dairy Pratducta
m! E. MQREHOUSP DAIRY QUALITY MILK Fhone 46214 \
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Mein St.
a Tailor
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry et A^xierete Frieee EAST SIDE OF SQUAItE
Sparrandahl Tailor Fawlsr Hotel tide. SUIT end TOPCOAT $30 and up
a Locldiniltli
a Hardware
Keys and Locks Keys for tnmks, eoor'Ioelui, essk locKS, night latches end padlodis. Auto keys s apedsHy. BleiMao, accossorlas end rapairlna. MULHAUPrs 209.11 nwwans
Sparb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777