Purdue
Z-185
Volume 51# No. 12
Exponent
Saturday# September 23# 1939
leutrality Forum WiW Supplement Peace Poll
Allies Encouraged By German Losses
Reports Place Casualty List At 150,000; Carol Continues Execution Of Iron Guard Encouraged by reports eminating from the French Ministry of Information, which claimed Germany’s losses in the three weeks of the Polish War totaled 150,000 dead and wounded, and 900 planes and 600 pilots; the Allied Supreme War Council met in London late yesterday to map the strategy for war “to the end,” and to draw up plans for co-ordinating the various problems of supplying munitions and materials. Meanwhile in shattered Poland, ——■ ...i.——
//
German and Eussian armies continued “mopping up” operations and the Russian high command announced a line of demarcation running through the middle of Poland —^far to the west of the territory now occupied by the Soviet forces. Defenders of beseiged Warsaw held out for the fourteenth day. Rumania Repercussions of the slaying of Rumania’s Premier Armand Calinescu Thursday, were felt through the country as King Carol established an iron-clad military dictatorship. Thousands of pro-Nazi Iron Guard members, who were oiBcially blamed for the assassination, were reported to have been shot down in the streets as “examples”. As Congress opened in Washington, battle lines were forming for the fight on sales of arms. The President’s message urged revision of the present neutrality laws and substitution of a “cash and carry” plan. Neutrality Bloc Senator William E. Borah, leader of the isolationist bloc, announced that such persons as Henry Ford, Charles Lindbergh, and Herbert Hoover were possible participants in a nation-wide campaign to oppose the neutrality law revision. The President told newsmen in Washington that two foreign submarines had been sighted off the coast of Alaska and off New England. Stories from both London and Denmark yesterday indicated that a naval battle was in progress in the North Sea. The British Information Bureau meanwhile announced that the first captured submarines with prisoners had arrived in England. Western Front Quiet “All was quiet on the western front,” communiques from both the French and Germans reported. In the East, the Russian government announced that conquered areas in Poland were already being Communized. Peasants in the Polish Ukraine moved into the palatial residences of the Polish nobility. Everywhere former leaders and landlords were arrested and placed in concentration camps. Ruthless repression of passive resistance by the Poles and Czechs by the German Gestapo was reported in dispatches from neighboring countries. Corn And Soybeans . . . held the spotlight Thursday as approximately 800 farmers from a majority of Indiana’s 92 counties gathered at the University Soils and Crops Experimental Farm to receive the latest results on this year’s tests. An inspection trip was the high spot of the day’s nctivities. A feature of the inspection trip was the examination of the 174 varieties and strains of hybrid and opeh-pol-linated com, all growing under similar conditions. J. B. Edmondson, secretary of the American Soybean Association, was the principal speaker on the afternoon’s program.
Irvan Maury To Play For Swing Session, Mixer This Evening Irvan Maury’s orchestra with Darlene IVIahns and Eddie Beardsly as soloists will furnish music for tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom and for the swing session to be held in the ballroom from 7:16 to 8:16. At 9 o’clock the regular mixer will get under way. The usual price of $1 per couple will prevail. Several new personalities and special arrangements will be featured by the orchestra, which is beDarlene Mahns
Faculty Mamban The regular meeting of the faculty will be held out Monday# September IS, at 4 p. Hi. in Stanley Coulter HalL Pleaao attcodl EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, Preaident.
. . . featured vocalist with Irvan Maury’s orchestra. ginning its third year on the campus. The Three Ambassadors, a vocal trio composed of Eddie Beardsly, Clinton Brown7 and Maury Mahns, and a zylophone soloist, Erv Underwood, will be featured as specialties. Irvan Maury will introduce for the first time on the camjpus a new number, “I’m Wondering Why,” written by Clinton Brown. The back-drop designed by Skull and Crescent and used at the freshman mixer, carries .fhe figures of a freshman boy and girl. Riding Club Holds Year's First Meet Riding Club held its first meeting of the year Thursday to outline the objectives of the club to prospective members. Plans have been made to have “breakfast rides” every Sunday morning and also to have moonlight rides whenever the club's interests warrant. Due to the large number of members in the club several hay rides are being planned also. For' use in the winter months, a sleigh has been prociured by the club. Ten members of the club will leave tomorrow morning for Crawfordsville to participate in the horse show being held there. The representatives will take horses from the Purdue stables. On October 8, the club plans to send 16 or 20 members and horses to the Indiana Saddlehorse Round-up to be held at Indianapolis.
Why Fight?" Says One Student
By Jerry Mueller
With a major offensive looming on the Western front between the Allies (Britain and I**'rance) and Germany with the possible aid of Russia, comment has been waging heatedly concerning the position of the U. S. in this event. Up to now America has invoked
a strict neutrality but President^ Roosevelt has asked for a repeal of this law. No one seems to know just exactly what the President has in mind and his action has been sharply criticized. Poland Beaten The following facts are self evident. Poland is definitely vanquished. Hitler announces he will fight to the end and the Allies have sworn that the defeat of Poland nor its partitioning by Germany and Russia means the end of the war. It seems conclusively true that either France by Germany’s action must defeat them or be dropped to the position of a second rate power with its European prestige and influence gone. In 1916 Wilson was elected president with the slogan, “Let’s keep out of war.” The arms embargo was not enforced nor was any outstanding attempt made to keep American manufacturers from exporting arms to the Allies. The German government launched a vicious submarine campaign resulting in the sinking of the Lusitania. The German command claimed that the ship carried war contraband and was a prey of war. Many Americans lost their lives among them John Jacob Astor. Why Fight? There is no definite reason why
again be sacrificed in order that a few might make a profit or some foreign power should continue in its dominating position. We made the world “safe for democracy” once. Why do it again? Certainly we do not agree with Hitler’s methods or proceedures'. Actually we think he and his super-gangsters should be exterminated. But why, we ask, should we hunt trouble in someone else’s back yard when we have plenty in our own. If Britain and France feel that Hitler’s influence must be discontinued then it is their business to curb it, not ours. No one certainly can condone him, we all condemn him in his brutality, his murderous Gestapo, his blood purges, and his faithless promises, but we do not feel that the lives of millions of innocent Americans should be sacrificed to that
end.
Hitler Can’t Win Moreover we do not feel that it is possible for Hitler to continue this war with his resources and a blockade of arms and supplies would bring this war to a speedy close due to the fact that we must all eat in order to live. We firmly believe in the words of General Sherman that “War is Hell” so why bargain for something
millions of American lives should^ which we do not deserve?
Co-eds Improve As Years Pass(?) Eds, according to statistics received from the women’s physical education department, the co-eds you date this semester are a big improvement over those of last year. We have been told that posture grades of A and B have increased from 69 to 76 per cent. The girls have advanced in health but seem to be losing their resistance or, perhaps we should say, their grip. Hand pressure has gone down five pounds. Whether or not this factor will affect the hand-holding business has yet to be determined. Short eds need not despair because the average co-ed is only five feet three and a half inches. But here is the best news of all. The average weight of co-eds is 12354 pounds which is an increase of five pounds over last year. Do you know what this means ? If co-eds concentrate on getting back to their former weight average, the ed’s pocketbook will suffer less for refresh- , ments on dates. WBAA Will Produce Impressionistic Play Today at 1 p. m. WBAA’s weekly broadcast of the Radio Stage will present a stirring drama called “The Little Window to Heaven,” written by Christopher Sergal. This play is an impressionistic drama of the 1790’s and the French Revolution. It deals with the ideas of the aristocracy and the peasant class of that period and the comparison between them. Headlining the cast is Ben Bums as Jaques and Pat Heine as Charlotte. Other parts are Betty Erik as Joan, Bill Harris as Victor, Joe ^artin as Anthony, Bill Fall as Pierre, and Harold Martin as Henri. The program is di•ected by Dick Pittenger.
University Professors To Lead Panel Discussion (Editor’s Note: See student opinion on this page) Hard on the heels of congressional action and supplementing Exponent’s peace questionnaire is Tau Kappa Alpha’s forum on “Neutrality,” to be held next Wednesday evening at 7:30 in
Eliza Fowler Hall.
Two Thousand Farm EnthusiastsAttend Swine Day Exhibit Pouring in from all parts of the state, 2,000 farmers, county agents, vocational agriculture, and agriculturally minded people turned out for the 19th annual Swine Day. The morning hours saw the enthusiastic group inspecting the 400 Duroc Jersey hogs used in the feeding tests on the University farm about three miles north of West Lafayette. Howard C. Greer, Indianapolis, vice-president of Kingan and Company, gave the principal address to the group that gathered in the Livestock Judging Pavilion speaking on “How the Packer Determines the Price That He Can Afford to Pay for Live Hogs.” Opening the afternoon session Director Harry J. Reed of the Agricultural Experiment Station welcomed the visitors to the University. Prof. C. M. Vestal, in charge of swine experiments, gave a brief discussion of the results of the feeding trials. Numerous interesting statistics were revealed during the day’s festivities. For the first time this year the farm made comparative tests on the fattening qualities of hybrid and open-pollinated com. One year’s results indicated hardness in corn is not an important factor, since the hardest corn was practically as efficient as the softest com in producing rapid and economical gains. Still Uncalled For ... are 30 books and $76.20 at the student book exchange. The remaining books and money may be called for any evening from 4 to 6 p. m. during this coming week in the Union office on the second floor of the Union. Anyone who has either books or money still in the hands of the exchange and who will not be able to visit the office on any afternoon this week should get in touch with A. B. Clark.
Registration Opens YWCA Conference Here Today At 11 Stratton To Address Delegates At Banquet Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, will be the principal speaker at the YWCA Area Conference banquet to be held in the Union ballroom tonight at 6:16. Dean Stratton’s speech will be on “The Y’s Way of Living” given especially to acquaint co-eds with YW. Today and tomorrow the University YWCA chapter will entertain members and delegates from seven colleges and universities in Indiana. This is the first Area Conference to be held in the Memorial Union. Opens At 11 A. M. The conference will officially open at 11 a. m. today with registration in the Union lobby. At 1 p. m. a luncheon will be served in the ballroom, followed by various discussions and group singing. Reports from the Geneva conference and Nice will be given at this time. From 4 p. m. until 6, reports on the convention high lights will be given by each participating YW chapter. Miss Sarah K. Beach, executive secretary for the Geneva Region of National Student YWCA, will be introduced to YW members at the banquet tonight. This banquet, as well as all other meetings of the conference, is open to any co-ed who may wish to attend. Tickets On Sale Tickets for the banquet, which are priced at 60 cents, will be on sale today from 1 until 6 p. m. at the YW office, sorority houses, and WRH offices. Ruth Wattleworth, social chairman for YWCA, is in charge of arrangements for the banquet. Cabinet members together with Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty advisor for the organization, are cooperating to make the conference as complete as possible for visiting members. Philatelic Exhibit Attracts Many; Plan Banquet Tonite Stamp dealers at the Lafayette Philatelic Society’s third annual stamp exhibit in the Faculty Lounge of the Union reported a satisfactory attendance yesterday. Seven dealers are conducting bourse tables whei*e stamp collectors may shop for stamps not in their collection. The dealers, with whom stamp selling is a hobby and sideline, report an enthusiastic audience. An increased attendance is expected today, with the highlight of the exhibit being the banquet tonight at 6 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Banquet tickets, priced at seventy-five cents, are on sale today at the exhibit. Two Thousand . . . students attended the annual Skull and Crescent sponsored freshman mixer in the Union ballroom last night. Harry McCrady and his orchestra furnished the music for the dancers, while Skull and Crescent members held the stag line at bay.
Dr. J. A. Estey, Dr. L. M. Sears, and Professor Prank Hall, all of the department of history, economics, and government, will lead the panel discussion. Comments, questions, and opinions from the floor will follow the opening remarks of the discussion leaders. With the very air we breath charged with talk about war atrocities, arms embargos, neutrality laws, notes of protest, cash and carry methods, next Wednesday’s discussion should interest every student, faculty member and townsman. What Is Neutrality? Questions such as “What is neutrality? Will it help us stay out of war? Is strict neutrality possible ? Will neutrality build a wall behind which we will eventually fight for our own existence as are the European democracies?” While Congress is being beseiged with mail and telegrams pleading for American peace in any event, few of the messages offer any solution to this country’s dilemma. With men well versed in the fields of history, economics, and government leading the discussion Wednesday night, the good and bad points of various plans will be pointed out. So Solution Expected No complete solution to the problems at hand is expected but the forum should help to clarify the various actions that Congress is contemplating. In addition students, representative of this country’s youth, upon whom the burden of war falls most heavily, wiU have mi opportunity to express their views. WBAA Airs Today's 'Campus Varieties' From Fowler Hall This afternoon from three to four, WBAA will present its first Campus Varieties program of the year from the stage of Eliza Fowler Hall. The program is open to the public. Appearing on today’s program will be such campus favorites as Harry McCrady’s band, Martha Lommel, his vocalist, Benny Bums, campus funnyman vocalist, and Russ Mock, versatile pianist. Other Stars Others appearing on this one hour show are: Bob Smith, vocalizing Romeo of the guitar; Pat Heine, veteran of campus stage and radio; Charlie PoweU and the Girl Friends, Alberta Schmadel, Arsene Summers, and Ruth McDoniels, accompanied at the piano by Rosemary Robinson. Something new to the Varieties program will be the use of the electric organ. Glenn Paxton, local or ganist, will present a college medley using Fowler Hall’s electric organ. Rf>bert C. GHfin ... of Chicago arrived here yesterday afternoon and will confer today at Camp Tecumseh with the committee planning Religious Emphasis Week. Giffin is from University Christian Committee of the Federal Council of Churches which is co-op-erating with the University in presenting Religious Emphasis Week to be held here November 11 to 17. The local committee is composed of 100 students and faculty members. “Pop” Doan and W. J. Harris are ^-chairmen of the committee.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Soturdoyf September 23f 1939
Jjumlif. JalL Campus Opinions... . . . will be welcomed for publication in Expo« nent’s editorial page column headed “Voice of the Campus.” Here students and faculty members alike may speak their mind on any current topic of the day. Purdue men and women are invited to make this column their column. Only requirement is that letters must be in good taste, constructive in tone, and accompanied by the writer’s signature. If the Exponent is requested to withhold any name for obvious reasons, that name will be kept in strictest confidence. We will play no favorites in the publication of letters, and everyone will be allowed a free voice. Thoughtful writing by contributors should have a definite place in the columns of any newspaper. The Exponent is especially anxious to have every student feel free to expound his favorite theories and ideas on any current topic, or to offer criticism or praise to any campus activity. Exponent’s war questionnaire has already given rise to one letter, which appears in today’s paper. It is quite probable that other persons will have a desire to send us letters. Room will be made in the paper for as many as possible, but space limitations may make some amount of selection and editing necessary. All letters will be acknowledged, however. The Exponent has always tried ot make eyery Purdue student feel that the paper is his paper. Contributions to “Voice of the Campus” should help greatly to create a more personal feeling between the student and his newspaper.
Purdue Exponent
Enteted U aeoond class Inatter at the iioBt oSIm In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CoUKress of hlareh 8, 1870, and at th^ special rate of postace prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorized Jairaary 20, 1022 Published &!ly except Monday durinc tne regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delirered locally by carrier for $8 00 x>er year, mail subscription $8 60
R. E Insley „ W. E. Smith. _ D. G. Tetrio „ G. W. Prederidk. „ E. U. AntoninL..- , G. Sehilling R. Jenkins.
Editorial Board
„ Editor-in-Chiet Business Manager Editorial Director Managing Editor
Senior Adrerthdiig Manager _ „ _ „ CVed Editor _ „ „ - Sports Editor
Editorial R F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D K. Heiple J n. McKee M L. Miers J C Willsey D J
Junior Staff Business B. Fisher B. Hall A Hite M Hagemeyer T Petty G Cox, Sec
Sports J P. Dolan S D Marquis M M Richards M Burtsfleld G Carroll B Simpson
Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports Z792
Business 5038
REPRBSSNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTI8INO BY Natiosal Advertising Service, Inc. CoUege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y. CHICAGO * BOSTON • LOS ANGELES • SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Saturday, September 23, 1939 Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—Ochiltree
OoioL
of the ramfuidu The United States— A Good Samaritan? West Lafayette, Ind Sept 22, 1939 Dear Editorial Director I’m strongly in favor of a preliminary discussion on the war versus peace questions that you have published. For a starter I will offer my own sincere answer to your first question If you disagree with what I call truth, I’m glad. I expect conflict in thought, and it is to those with whom I disagree that I write this letter The Question Do you consider yourself naturally pacifistic or belligerent in relation to everyday matters ’ The Answer. I’ve talked with people who claimed to be absolute pacifists, but I have yet to see one Let us suppose that your good neighbor is screaming for help Her monstrous husband is thrashing her, and you know that she must be enduring horrible pain Do nothing, and you are an absolute pacifist Act to right this wrong, and you are a natural belligerent. Which do you choose’ Linking Individuals With Nations Do I want war’ Certainly not But do I want to be a good neighbor? Yes Have we any such things as neighbors when it comes to nations? I’ll say we have Christian nations had better be neighbors, or Christiamty may cease to exist England, France, and the United States are the only three major Christian countries that remain in the world today. Paganistic dictatorships are growing not only in Europe, hut right on our own continent. England, France and the United States could not be crushed collectively, but were they to he destroyed individually, religion as we know it today would dissolve into communism, fascism, nazism, infidelity Old ladies, France and England, seem to be taking care of themselves right now, but when old men, Stalm and Hitler, get out of control—^what then’ England and France have thus far played the part of the good Samaritan to Poland If and when we of the Umted States are needed, we should be willing to play that same role I hope someone will challenge this letter or at least write their views concerning one of the other subject questions. Sincerely yours, LESTER ROBINSON, Sophomore Engineer
Somehow or somewhere the feather merchants must have caught up with the B & B editor today, so with all apologies we offer this column as our best effort at pinch hitting —B & B— SPE “Punchy” Braun has been on his knees of late begging for a little publicity — and — well the bribe finally got big enough. He needs no assistance now though since he met the Rose of Alpha Xi —B & B— Thud time’s a charm they say, and then maybe that Theta Chi pin might help, too — why not try Martha Lonunel again, Davis. (The little boy has been stood up twice in as many weeks) —B & B— Speaking of Theta Chi’s, three of the brothers canvassed every house on Vine street last Sunday eve in search of a date for the night. Aforementioned men ended up in the Grill with three queens (?) picked up in their travels. —B & B— Late news flash: One thousand nine hundred and ninety-seven upperclassmen and three frosh attend freshman mixer. (How’d those damn frosh sneak m, anyhow ’) —B & B— When in doubt, call 3301 — The Bopt Knows. —B & B— A paper is a funny thing, The school gets all the fame. The printer gets the money, And the staff gets all the blame. —B & B— A la Gertrude Stein . . . She is ^ent She is gone She is left I alone I no canny go to shee
Shee canny come to me Don’t it awful? —B & B— Piize foi the crack of the week goes to Dave Pfendlar, assistant in the Ag school, fpr his quick wit at last night’s Ag frosh reception When introduced as the maverick of the department, Dave rose to the occasion and readily admitted the charge, “but,” he added, “at least I’m not a steer'” "Big Robbie" Will Speak At Roger Williams Club Dr. C H Robertson, better known as “Big Robbie”, will speak tomorrow night at the Roger Williams Club discussion hour in the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 6’30 “Big Robbie” is a well-known alumnus of the University and while here in school was captain of the football, basketball and track teams Since his graduation Dr. Robertson has spent 28 years in China as a missionary and is well versed on foreign affairs. All students as wel as members of the club are urged to attend, as this may be the last chance to hear “Big Robbie” since he is to leave this locality soon Co-op Houses Elect Brewer President At a meeting held last night in room C of the Union, 1939-40 officeis of the Student’s Co-operative Association were elected. Delegates from 14 co-op houses, representing approximately 250 students elected Earl Brewer as piesident of the SCA. The group also elected Jane Horne, vice-president; N, A. Brunk, treasurer, and H. 0. Drabenstott, secretary Gordon Sears, last year’s piesident, piesided over the meeting Plans for a publication, an all co-op dance and other social activities were discussed. The co-op group now consists of 10 boys houses and four girls houses
Gteaitest ^ of them All!
James Stephenson — 5 DAYS — STARTING TODAY
3(urL and. 9(eA. By Georgaiin Schilling
The days are whizzing by like telegraph poles, and this year’s social season is completely launched now that everyone has existed through one week-end. Personally, we have decided it would be great sport to be a night club editor for some swanky newspaper. After taking several glances at this year’s cafe society, we know we’ll love our work night by night. H & H Have you noticed hdw much work has been done on the blocks at the front of the Union? The planned figures are really taking shape. Campus opinion seems divided on the improvement value of this project Some students consider the carvings a definite asset while others preferred the unadorned stone blocks, saying they seemed to represent power and strength typical of our University. H & H We’ve been looking for the new knee-high socks to appear on the campus all fall, and have finally seen some being worn The socks, modelled by Ruth Wattleworth, are fashion’s latest darling for college girls. H & H Just any day now the year’s social calendar will be announced and you will have a chance to see what mght IS scheduled for what We pity the poor Union officers trying to figure out a dance calendar, and at the same time keep everyone happy and contented One interesting change you will notice in this year’s plans IS the Mortar Board dance which has been substituted for the Gingham Gallop usually sponsored by this organization This year’s Mortar Board plans to have a formal co-ed bid dance open to all co-eds on the campus instead of a spring cotton frolic H &H Louis LaFuse, an Alpha Gamma Rho boy, found himself m a very feminine atmosphere the other afternoon when he volunteered to help dip ice cream for some co-eds. Little did the young man in question realize that he was getting himself involved in a surprise birthday party held in the Home Ec building in the presence of some thirty-odd co-eds. H & H And here is our first bit of poetic philosophy for the school year Now is a good time to start “Drink and sing and laugh and play Take the gayness you can borrow Life IS like that, so they say. Here today, still here tomorrow ”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udily
— STARTS SUNDAY —
' I ^1 y I " ^
.BUT YOU WOULDN’T ^ MARRY HERI w ui II 11 i nil iiiL ' She’s guilty of the one thing DO map can ever forgive 1 But she’s happy in the memory of one man's lovet
Bette Miriam Mm • HOPKINS
IHE OLD MAID with GE0.BReNl
DONALD CRISP * JANE BRYAN.LOUISE FAZENDA JAMES Stephenson JEROME COWAN WILLIAM LUNDIGAN CECILIA LOFTUS
—LAST TIMES TODAY— l,EW AYRES LANA TURNER — IN — “THESE GLAMOUR GIRLS' —ALSO — SIGRiD GURIE — IN — "The ForgoHen Woman"
“You’ll have to forget your personal dislikes, Hashimura! You’re only to take the guest’s hat and coat!”
Inter-Battery Softball Games Start Wednesday Opening battles on the Military Department’s softball front will take place next Wednesday on intramural field with games the following two weeks making up the threegame first round Organization of the squads is now taking place in the freshman drill periods. Participation m the athletic program of the department is entirely voluntary and carries with it awards according to the ability of the individuals or teams A merit will be awarded to each individual for each game he plays in. Gold medals and one citation will go to the winning team, with silver medals and seven merits to the runnerup A bronze medal and four merits will be awarded to substitutes of both finalist teams, although only five extra men may be carried on the teams in the finals
^Aid
MIDNIGHT PREVUE TONITE 11:30
adTenWWl*'
-TODAY—DOUBLE FEATURE PRISON TRAIN —PLUS— Torchy Gets Her Man
W. E. Howland Addresses Wafer Works Schools Prof. W. E Howland of the school of Civil Engineering was in Rochester Wednesday and Fort Wayne Thursday to speak before groups attending water works schools. These schools are conducted by the school of Civil Engineering in cooperation with the Indiana board of health, and Indiana section of the American Water Works Association. His subject at each place was, “Leaks in Water Distribution Systems.” Last week he spoke at a similar school at the state farm at Putnamvjlle. Three similar schools are on the remainder of the schedule with Howland on the program at each. They are as follows Richmond, September 27, Clifty Falls, September 28, and Vincennes, October 4
LU^ SUNDAY - MONDAY
FRED MACMURRAY IRENE DUNNE — IN — "INVITATION TO HAPPINESS" —ALSO — OTTO KRUGER FRIEDA INESCORT — IN — 'A WOMAN IS THE JUDGE"
— LAST DAY — FREDRIC MARCH CAROLE LOMBARD CARY GRANT — IN — 'The Eagle and the Hawk' —ALSO — CHARLES STARRETT — IN — "WESTERN CARAVAN"
AIR CONDITIONED
LAST DAY.i'L,
(|jji ^lurdoy* j^pteloiber idd9
£xpomnJt SpoJdA fiaqsi
Freshman Foothill Ciiididaies brill baily On Stiiari Field , By Bob Swaim Covered by more than 150 silver-helmeted rhinies, the freshman football field south of the Fieldhouse Is quite active this week. Ranging in size from Carl Potenza’s 6 ft., II/2 in., to Dave Gatewood, who lankily stretches 6 ft., 4 in., the squad presents an array of sizes and shapes which totals 11 tons of flesh and
bones.
According to the frosh grid mentors, this year’s squad shows promise of outclassing rhinie teams of late years. The backfield material is showing up well, although there has been little scrimmage done thus far in .the frosh camp. First Class Line When the inter-squad scrimmages begin, possibly several pass hurlers and punters wilh'make strong bids. In the, forward wall all positions seem lined with first class material. Half a dozen 'guards have shown promise thus fhr, as well as plenty of speedy flankmen. To cope with the large number of frosh candidates, plenty of coaching talent has been acquired to instruct football as it will be played in college. The position of, head coach is held by Elmer Burnham, who has as his assistants the following: Claude Reeck, Joe Mihal, Dick Ainslie, and Harry Krapse, all of whon» are line coaches; Tony Juska and Chuck Armon handle the backfield
talent.
Coaches Work In addition to his regular duties as varsity wrestling coach, Reeck is
Four Games Remain For Each Fraternity In Softball Tourney i ] Four more, softball gamesi remain for each fraternity in the fqll intramural tournament before the teams entering the championship bracket will be chosen. The second game of the usual six game schedule was played last night. At the end of the six game season the eight teams with the best records will enter the finals, fighting for the silver trophy awaiting the winners. As a special added attraction a gold booby prize will be awarded to the house finishing the schedule in thirteenth place, proving that the unlucky number may not be so bad this time.
working the ends of the frosh squad. Mihal, co-captain of last year’s team which tied for runner-up laurels in the Big Ten last season, coaches the tackles. Ainslie was a letterman of last year’s squad. Harry Krause was varsity baseball catcher during his undergraduate days on the campus, and following his graduation, spent one summer as catcher and coach for the New York Giants. Armon was also a baseball man here at Purdue. Majoring in physical education, Armon coached two years at Wolcott High School before returning to the campus to resume his coaching activities. Tony Juska was a battling fullback on last season’s crew. Frosh Net Hopefuls Best In Many Seasons Says Captain Fuenfe Fall practice has now started in earnest for the varsity tennis squad, with much early form being shown by veterans Fiiente, Alexander and Hebbler. ' Recruit racqueteer prospects are the best in years, according to Captain Fuente, and ample evidence of this is shown by freshmen Armstrong, Shafer, and Mangold. In view of the fact that this precedes the, freshman tennis meeting, the probability of a continued top-rate squad is indeed bright. WBAA
Today
11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood, soprano 11:30—Saturday Musical Review 12:00—Market Reports 12:15—The Woman Shopper 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Tune Time, Charles Powell 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air 3:00—Campus Varieties
Ifeds Tab Double ]iifin From Pirates; Cardinals Also Win s Neither Cincinnati nor St. Louis showed any signs of faltering in their final drive, as the pennantbound Reds took both ends of a double header while the Cardinals won a single game. Thompson pitched shutout ball in the opener as the Cincinnati club whipped Pittsburgh 6-0 and then McKecknie’s men eked out q 10-9 slugfest from the Pirates in the nightcap. St. Louis remained in the race by squeezing out a 3-2 win from the Chicago Cubs as Cooper, a rookie, pitched them to victory. The double victory increased the Reds’ lead to three full games with a little over a week remaining in the season. The standings: National League W L Pet Cincinnati 90 54 .626 St. Louis ; 87 57 .604 Chicago ; 80 67 .650 Brooklsm 74 66 .529 New York 70 71 .496 Pittsburgh 67 78 .462 Boston 69 81 .421 Philadelphia 44 97 .312 Today’s Results Cincinnati, 6-10; Pittsburgh, 0-9. St. Louis, 3; Chicago 2. American League W L Pet New York 102 43 .703 Bostop 86 60 .586 Cleveland ,82 63 .565 Chicago 79 65 .649 Detroit 74 70 .514 Washington 66 83 .432 Philadelphia 53 93 .363 St. Louis 41 102 ;287 , Today’s Results Boston 7, Philadelphia 6. Cleveland 5, Detroit 4. Gala Week . , . will be the setting of one of the long awaited events of the campus, namely the dedication of the Music Hall. In the grand concert of the year Helen Jepson and Lawrence Tibbett have contracted to sing on the night of the formal dedication. May 3. • A series of events are being planned which will be announced later. However, the Jepson-Tibbett concert will culminate the list of convo’s planned for this scholastic year.
FREE !
Dancing, fun, wherever you go. Greaf stuff AH«wave. No aerial, no ground, no plug-tn. when alone or with Plays indoors, outdoors, onywhere. oee this people. great set at your supply store now. dt PURDUE WHO WANTS THIS G, E.CARRYABOIIT FREE? Complete with Batteries—Retails *19.95 \ -y •'{? ,4 t rr ft t. \ student who completes-this simple sentence in SO irClw words or less: "Sheaffer's Fineline pencil is best for classroom work because.... I "P^tny" full of answers in the back of the book, this ■ I w f • contest is a cipch—for here are samples of Fineline information that will help you write the kind of an entry that may win for you this great radio: "... becawta Finallne's dowbla-length, iKIn, thona leudi ore parmanmriy sharp.” "... bacoHia FInallna's sama-walghi halillna, balanca and Drmlv-hald point anabla mo to wille accwralo shorthand and make graphs, sketches, mechanical drawings, favlllessly.”... "because Fineline leads come In 4 colors, ancTan average year's supply costs only 15e." "... because Fineline has a do»ble.slied reversible jxopelling eraser." "... because so line a line makes Interlining, small notes, Aguring, duck so^lor mel'' "... because Fineline Is the only R^AL pencil writing Improvement In 84 years." GO AFTER m WIN, and have music,sports, entertainment, everywhere! MAKE 50 ENTRIES IF YOU Lll Contest rules: At your dealer, save the sales slip you get when you make o Shealfet purchase of 10e or more (SKRIP, leads, adhesives, pens, pencils, etc.). Write your entry on any piece of paper and send It and the sales slip to Carryabout Radio Contest, W. A. SheaAer Pen Co., Fort Madison, Iowa. Send as many as you like—each has a chance to winl Judges' decision Anal, judges: An ad expert, a lawyer, a minister. Remember—you ate competing with students on your own campus only. Winner will receive his radio (
New thin lead discoveryl Pemtarsent sharpness I World’s easiest, fastest, smoothest pencil writingl $lup
PARA-LASTIK, the NEW way to paste; does not curl thinnest sheets; 15c up
OOtt. V.B. FM. OS.
^hOiOL By Robert J. Deckard
Nothing is easier to forget than yesterday’s greatness, unless it’s yesterday’s despair. But more pd^er to the Irish, we say, for facing “38’s” early season doldrums without so much as a shudder. And once the season got underway, this weak - on - paper team didn’t have to Worry. —^fc— Lest we forget, Notre Dame sailed through for eight straight victories before tripping over the high barrier that was Southern California. Notre Dame again plays its usual rugged schedule, with the Boilermakers fighting it out next Saturday with the Irish to see who will step on the gang-plank first. If the South Bend boys can get by Purdue, they should smother all opponents until they bump into Northwestern and Southern California late in the season. —fc— The Irish scoring orchestra graduated six of its most talented line performers, but Elmer Layden filled in by merely ordering the ’38 second fiddles to “give”. Last season’s secondary returns intact, and the first four elevens are comfortably spotted with promising sophomores. By and large, Notre Dame’s prospects are the rosiest in Laydeh’s regime, which doesn’t seem rosy to the Boilermaker contingent. —^fc— At left half, the Irish can relay Bob Saggau, Ben Sheridan, and Harry Stevenson, all veterans, and “Slug” McGannon, 180-pound child protege. Saggau, who started the ’38 campaign as third-stringer, now rates No. 1. This: happy situation means that Layden' is assured always of a competent ball carrier, kicker and passer. —^fc— There’s a shortage of quarterbacks behind Steve Sitko, the “oneman brain trust”. To spell Sitko, Bob Hargrave, a 180-pound sophomore, is rapidly .being polished. —^fc— Reinforcing Lou Zontini at right half are Steve Juzwik and Bernie Crimmins, a brace of powerful sophomores weighing 190 or better. Close-coupled Joe Thesing and big Milt Piepul will again handle the fullback assignments, with thirdyearer A1 Lee and sophomore Bob White on call. —fc— Figured in unblinking black and white, Notre Dame is not likely to equal its ’38 record. The backfield is the same, the line inferior. More important, the Irish got the breaks last season, piling through for a couple of last-minute decisions. So much for logic. —fc— On the other hand, plucky Notre D^ine seem to build their own luck. Maybe it’s because “God loves the Irish” that Notre Dame can always be depended on to play over its own tall head.
Gridmen Spend Time On Blocking, Tackling Drills Working hard to polish up a few of the rough edges that still remain, the Boilermaker gridmen yesterday toiled through a strenuous afternoon of blocking and tackling sessions in preparation for next week’s encounter with the ^‘Fighting Irish.” —Special attention was directed on
Sophdrdore
. . . Johnny Galvin, halfback whose high school accomplishments were submerged in the sea of praise for his city rival. Bill DeCorrevont, but who has given indications that he may eclipse Bill in Big Ten competion. GalV^in has been developing into a consistent passer, and may prove one of the mainstays in the 1939 Boilermaker backfield.
I-M ^hedules
TENNIS—Today Freshmen—1.:15 p. m. Shafer vs. Musselman. Crutchfield vs. Hensey. Blue vs. Willey. Silva vs. Nelson. Murphy vs. Mclnerney. Singer vs. Stettner. Schlueter vs. Kolady. Schalliol vs. Osborn. Conners vs. Armstrong. Sophomores Molinet vs. Leininger. Kimmel vs. E. H. Vaughn or Forbes. Wallace vs. Miller. Craddock vs. Stine. F. J. Wood vs. Kurland. Junior-Senior Kichards vs. Paul. Kirk vs. Smithson. Kamishky vs. Archibald or Peterson. Underwood vs. Powell or Goerss.
SOFTBALU—Monday Diamond 1— Theta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 2— ^Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 4— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon. 5— Theta' Xi vs. Theta Tau. 6— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7— Sigma Chi vs. Faculty. 8— Delta Tau Deta vs. Phi Kappa. 9— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha EpI silon. 10— Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Blpsilon. 11— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 12— Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 18—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Acadia. 14—Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 16—^Phi Kappa Tau vs. Beta Theta Pi. 16— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 17— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Triangle. 18— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
the Purdue ExiDidlldht
Service
Directory
• Florists
• School Supplies
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
• Tin Shop
M. E. MORiHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
John Baikema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions .104 Main St. Phone 6852
the end posts, where veterans Jack Krause arid Gene Britt stood out in the wingmen’s blocking activities. Along with this pair of seniors, a couple of sophomore hopefuls, “Frosty” Sprowl and Willie Combs, showed the Riveter coaching staff that they need have little fear about capable strength on the flanks. Practice Passing The Boilermaker passing attack was also given due consideration, as were the preparations for any aerial fireworks that the Notre Dame lads might spring. With Brock, Brown, Byelene, apd Galvin doing the tossing, the Riveter ends spent a busy afternoon picking pigskins out of the air. Still slinging the ball off either shoulder. Jack Brown continued to show up brilliantly, although he spent most of the time' flnging from the port side. The Boilermakers will wind up their preparations for the game here on Thursday afternoon with a \ final hard workout. On Friday \ morning the squad will journey to Elkhart where headquarters will be maintained until game time, with the exception of a sojourn to Notre Dame Friday afternoon for a final workout on the scene of Saturday’s battle. Eighty Men Sign For tM Gotf Tournament Quatification Rounds Eighty entrants were registered yesterday for the Intramural Golf Tournament and the first qualifying rounds were scheduled to start today at the Public Golf links. There is no admission charge to the tournament, although a 50-cent fee will be charged for each 18 holes played in the qualifying rounds and final tourney. Championship Flight The championship flight will be composed of the 16 low scorers and all other men will be distributed in lower flights. The winner of the championship flight will receive a trophy and the runner-up a silver medal. Two medals ■will be given in each of the other flights. All contestants must play a qualifying round of 18 holes on September 23, 24, 25 or 26 and play in threesomes of foursomes, with men selected =or approved by Mr. Linee, manager of the course. Rules Play will be according to the rules on J:he score card with the following exceptions: - “ L Ball may be teed to the left or right but not ahead of the regular tees on all hole^. . .2, Pljay winter rules (improve lie with'vidubhead)- ever3rwhere except in traps. < •_ 3, Ball may be lifted and cleaned on greens. Officials To Discuss 'Youth' “Youth in the-Home and the Community” is the theme to be discussed «t tjie meeting of the county, disti'ict, and state officials of the Indiana Federation of Clubs. The convention will convene in the Home Economics building on September 28. Prior to a general discussion, the program will consist of speeches pertaining to general problems.
Ner TOO LATE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS W|!pi.,SEI»T.3'7, 7:00 p.m. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS. WEIL. SEPT. 27 ADVANCED. THUR&, SEPT. 28 6:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th and FenyIMI
wmm
4 4v^'^■^ f.^ a ^ 5,u^
• 4
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 23, 1939
JomoMoiv dn Jha QhwtdfuiA
Sermon, “Lest We Forget,” by Rev. Doyle Mullen. 6:30—Sunday Vespers. Leader, Helen Reese. 6:00—Recreation, led by Alice Robbins. 6:30—Discussion, “What Would One Include in a Student’s Philosophy of Life?” Leader, Merle Reynolds.
Methodist Students 8:00—Council breakfast 9:30—Sunday School. Men’s class at the church taught by Dr. Hadley. Co-ed class at the Foundation taught by Mrs. McFadden. 10:40—Morning worship with sermon by Dr. Steele. 5:00—Fellowship supper at 436 State street. 6:30—University Epworth League —“Being Yourself at College,” led by Cornelia Caldwell, Edward Brown and Kay Fosbrink.
Grad Designer Of Featured Airplane
West Lafayette Baptist Students 9:30—Roger Williams Club class. Teacher, C. E. Dammon. 10:35—Sermon, “The Church for Such a Time as This,” by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. 5:30—Social hour and lunch. 6:30—Roger Williams Club Discussion Group. “Big Robby”, Dr. C. H. Robertson, former University football, basketball and track star, vill speak on “Youth and the Present Crisis.”
Don R. Berlin, ME ’21, who is now Curtiss chief engineer, is also the designer of the airplane which IS featured in an article “Faster Than a Bullet” in a September issue of the Saturday Evening Post. The article is test pilot, H. Lloyd Child’s, story of the vertical test power dive in which he attained the speed of 600 m.p.h. This speed, to Child’s knowledge, has never before been attained by man. While in Purdue, Berlin was a member of the American Association of Mechanical Engineers and was active in the Purdue Union.
Dr. Knight Addresses Lafayette Kiwanians
Episcopal Students 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning service. 6:00—Supper, Prof. G. A. Young will speak on “Purdue Traditions.” There will be open house in the Parish House.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9:30—President Elliott will address the student discussion group on the subject, “What the University Hopes to Do for You.” 10:40 — Morning worship. The pastor. Dr. W. R. Graham, will preach. His theme will be “The Place of Worship 'in a World of Work,” The choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will sing, “Autumn” by Gretchaninoff-Cam. 6:00—Evening progra mat Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street, West Lafayette. Supper will be served at 10 per plate. Following the supper the Student Forum will meet. Don Sinish will lead a discussion of the points included in the questionnaire on war and peace presented in the Exponent Thursday morning. Joseph M. Ragains will sing.
“The art of sizing up a speech is badly needed in a democracy,” declared Dr. Frederick B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, in a talk before Lafayette Kiwanians attending their weekly Thursday noon luncheon at Lincoln Lodge. Dr. Knight, discussing various phases of psychology, urged persons to make a critical self-examination to determine weaknesses and strong characteristics. Next week’s piogram will be a discussion of Hitler’s book, “Mem K^mpf”, with emphasis on events that have taken place since the book was written. Prof. Charles Murphy of Purdue will present the discussion.
Lambert To Speak In Fort Wayne Today
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Student class, “Amos’ Message for the Modern World.” Student pastor, Hubert Reynolds. 10:40—Morning church service.
Basketball Coach Ward Lambert will be the principal speaker at the picnic and outing of the Fort Wayne Purdue Alumni Club in Foster Park at Fort Wayne Saturday afternoon. The program will include golf, tennis, archery, and election of officers. The nominating committee is composed of Thomas J. Kelly, ’ll, and Myron Bone, ’15, both former local residents, and James Jones, ’22.
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
owefi
jPat'tied
Enhance the beauty of your newly furnished and redecorated houses with floral bouquets during Rush. Nothing takes the place of flowers for adding cheer and loveliness. We will be glad to make up corsages at anytime.
ROTH’S
635 Main
Phone 7955
Home Ec Honorary Holds First Meeting
eds and co-eda starting; Monday, September 26. It Will continue for 10, weeks. All in terested please meet at Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Monday, September 25. ■ —WARTE.
at the east desk of the Union by Monday, September 26, at 4 p. m. —HmSHAW.
Members of Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, held their first meeting Thursday in the Home Economics building. A discussion was held on the choice of a new sponsor for this year. A definite announcement concerning the new sponsor, as well as new members chosen for this year will be made after the next meeting. The society will cooperate in the opening tea for the Virginia C. Meredith Club’s membership drive. Meetings are to be hejd the second Thursday in every month.
WAA: There will be a meeting of all girls who participated in fencing last year on Tuesday, September 26, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. ^ —STICKLER
Engineering Freshmen: Seating assignments for G. E. 1 Lectures are posted in Michael Golden Shops. Get your seating assignment before Saturday, September 28. —KNAPP.
Debris Sophomores: There will be an Im portant meeting Monday, September 26, at 4 p m. in the Debris office. —STRONG.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, September 26, 5 p. m. in room A of the Union. Bring passports. . —MITCHELL.
Sophomore Union Workers: My commit tee please report at the Union office at 4 p m Monday, September 26. Meeting is very important —HAMMAN.
All Student Co-op Members: All members interested in working on the newspaper “Co-op Venture” please attend the meeting to be held at 4 p. m. Sunday, September 24, at Luna house, 1 University. —ELY.
ever, girls who wish to work extra may do so at their own convenience. The schedule is: Monday: Jane Julin, Donna Siess, Mary Bailey, Patricia Flint, and Ruth Rose. Tuesday: Peg Guise, Maeta Kaplan, Mary J. Bird, and Marguerite Funkhonser. Wednesday: Charlotte Brand, Helen Ritchey, Jean Ann McClintoek, Florence Justin, and Regina Baker. Thursday: Laura Betty Gregory, Helen Stallings, Erma Irwin, and Helen Ritchey. Friday: Jo Dennis, Mary K. Miller, Esther Kirkhoff, and Helen Chamberlein. Saturday: T. Stiers, Florence Justin, and Phyllis- Smith. (9-26) —SCHILLING.
P. A. Equipment Oowners: Any person who has a public address system to rent should enter his bid in the Purdue Independent Association office in the Union Building not later than 4 p. m. Monday, September 26. The addreSS system is to be used at the afternoon tea dances sponsored by the PIA. —HINSHAW.
Classified Ads
YWCA Members: All YWCA check members desiring tickets for banquet Saturday evening, September 23, can obtain tickets in the YW office Friday, September 22, from 1 to 6 o’clock —COOLEY.
Activitie^Bureau: Walt Gipe’s Committee: Eleanor Miller, Betty Graham, John Day, Donald Wasson, D. B. Modesith. Jack Stewart’s Committee: Pete Wallace, Barbara Hyman, Hal. Schornstein, Jim Walley. Bob Gimlin. Lois Voeklel's Committee: Thelma Jane Cox, Betty Hancoak, Ray Johnson, John Hawley, Richard Romanowich. Genevieve Houser’s Committee: Anna Belle Ball, Nelda Wood Bryan Husted, Frank Owen. —JORGESON, BREUER.
Health Service: Students who^ worked during physical exams may get their checks by calling at the Student Health Service office. (9-28) —MILLER.
Tennis Tourney: All co-eds interested in playing in the mixed doubles tennis tourney or in the women’s singles tourney, sign today through Saturday in the lobby of the Women’s Gym. (9-28) —MATHER.
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM AND BOARD—One single and three double rooms. Newly furnished. Board alone if desired. Phone 2416.
Co-ed Horseback Riding: An advanced horseback riding class will be organized Monday, September 24, at 2 p. m. Students interested in joining the class call Women’s Gymnasium today. —HAZELTON.
Christian Science Organization: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 26, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Bowlers: All men interested in forming a student bowling league, please meet in the Union bowling alley at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 26. —KING.
Musician: Someone who can play popular music fairly well for WAA ballroom beginners dance course. Please get in touch with Cook immediately. Phone 36773. (9-26) —COOK.
Surveying: Make np in C. R 6 is scheduled for Saturday, September 28, at 1 m m. Permits must be obtained in, room 102, Civil Engineering building, before S^tember 21. —LOMMEL
PIA: The position of secretary is open to any junior independent co-ed. Letters of application should be left at the PIA box
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Because of the large number of workers, co-eds will have only one assigned night to work. How-
Exponent Woricers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigmed: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, Toeeday; Lannon,, and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, ’Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
FOR RENT—Students large room, two new single beds. Reasonable. Phone available. 221 Sylvia St.
FOR RENT—^Newly furnished rooms, singie or double, twin beds, graduate students preferred. Phone 45962.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Small green trunk delivered to wrong address. Yellow Cab Co. Phone 6023.
UJST—^A brown bill fold, near the Physics Building. Stan Widman. Phone 8486. Cary Hall N. W. 321.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Tuxedo, size 34. Good condition, reasonable price. Phone 3986.
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street
NOTICES
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting in M. E reading room Tuesday, September 26, at 4 p. m. —KOLB.
All Students: Camperaft course open to
There Are Several Reasons
Why you should have your clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly— But one is enough. You improve your personal appearance.
mm Lau^dby
r'l N E C L E A*N ERS OF FINE CLOT HE S
sxrM/
iXTRAF
B. M. O. C.’s
If you were a hig shot last year and your name appeared often in print.
Or—
if you would like to leaf thru the school year, in years to come.—
You can buy all of last year’s EXPONENTS including Summer Session Exponents combined in a handsome bound volume trimmed with leather.
Only ten are available.
Price Nine Dollars
the Purdue Exponent
312 N. 5th Street
Phone 5038
I
I