* ^ i
U
tj'’ ^
9 «->,v^;j.l^L|^^fe<|?.
n% fVl
/
“’/ i ■V i I
fjy
\
T% Ji Purdue
z-its
Exponent
\
'Volume 51. No. 130
Sotwaoy. Mordi 9, im
Varsity Shows Plans Elliott Addresses Grads mini Maestro
Final Dance Tryouts Today In Union At 1-30 CastWili Be Chosen
Of Winter Short Course
From Those Present Final dancing tryoul^ for the Varsity Show of 1940’s production, ^‘Sweethearts,” will take place today at 1:30 p .m. in the south ballroom of the Union. All students including those who have reported for previous tryouts, and those who are interested, but have not rer ported, will be given their final tryout at this time. Eds who are asked to be present at this time are: J. R. Terrill, F. E. Franz, J. M. Kuch, T. L. Rosebrock, R. H. Dunham, D. V. Mills, H. D. Pogue, J. Shepherd, R. K. Duncan, T. P. Buffer, J. F. Stenberg, K, E. Sutton, J. H, Sandleben, H. E. Mann, H. E. Bollwinkle, H. I. Taylor, and
J. A. Doyle.
^ Co-eds Also Called The co-eds who are requested to report are: M. V. Freeland, L, E. Thompson, B. A. Graves, F. L. Jones, L. E. Turner, A. B. Ball, V. Schuapp, B. La Verne, D. L. Elrug, E. R. Berry, M. A. Hans, N. E. Cooper, J. Van Gorkom, P. A. Howard, M. J. Fox, J. E. Fassnacht, L. S. Simpson, and B. J. Lupton. W. L. Deam, director of the show, and the student managers, R. F. Bauman and R. D. Sexton, have announced thkt all of the above named eds and co-eds must be present tomorrow if they wish to take part in the shoiy. All other students interested in dancing in the chorus are also invited to the tryout. A regular series of practices and rehearsals will start as soon as the cast has been selected. G.L Metzger To Speak At Senior Ag Dinner G. E. Metzger, BSA ’14, field secretary of the Illinois Agricultural Association, will give the address at the thirteenth annual senior “ag” dinner, to be held in the Union, April 1. The annual dinner for the seniors has for its purpose the promotion of good will and loyalty among the University Agricultural alumni, faculty, and students. Professor T. A. Coleman, associate director of Agricultural Extension, will act as toastmaster according to the plans, which are almost complete. Professor Aitkenhead will represent the faculty; and Professor V. C. Freeman, the alumni on the program. The 1940 class of 176 seniors is the largest ever to be entertained by the alumni and faculty. Including a large attendance of alumni approximately four hundred people are exepected at the dinner. Mothers, Dads Dine In Capitol March 28 Parents of University students living in or around Indianapolis will hold their annual spring banquet in the assembly hall of the American Central Life Insurance Company building at 6:30 p. m. on March 28. Various phases of University affairs and student life will be discussed by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, and Dr. J. E. Walters, personnel director for the engineering and science schools. The Dads and Motljers group was formed locally several years ago as an outgrowth of the Purdue Dads’ Association. It resembles organizations in Chicago and Detroit, and is part of the national assoeia‘tion of Purdue parents which promotes closer relations for parents, students, and the University. Parents of students from central Indiana are oflScers of the organization: president, James L. Murray; vice-president, Mrs. George W. Pittman; treasurer, Fred C. Maynard; and secretary, Mrs. Clyde E. Os-
Bantiuef Speaker
President Edward C. Elliott yesterday morning presented certificates to 189 students, who had successfully completed the eight weeks of instruction in the University winter courses in agriculture. The closing exercises, which were attended by parents and friends of the graduating students, were held in the as-
sembly room of Agricultural Hall.
..■■■I..—,. 11„ - II I — President Elliott, in his gradua-
tion address on “The Challenge to Eight Weeks’ Winter Course Students,” declared, “Science is not'’ the only element that successful farmers must put into the soil; you’ve got to put sanity into the soil also.” He continued by pointing out that attention to the doings of men is an important phase of agricultural
training.
In addition to President Elliott’s talk, short speeches were given by Associate Dean of Agriculture V. C. /Freeman, who presided over the exercises, and Dean of Agriculture Harry J. Reed. Dean Reed spoke on his observations of the short course
students.
Scholarship medals, awarded to the student in each course making the highest grades, were presented to F. C. Williamson, Xenia, O., in the general agriculture option; H. H. Schlundt, Union Mills, in the animal husbandry course; William H. Johnston, Patriot, in the dairy production course; and Robert F. Godby, Sheridan, in the dairy manufacturers course. Twenty-^our of the graduating students were given special recognition for outstanding scholarship, and were presented their certificates “with honor.” Music for the closing exercises was furnished by the winter course orchestra, directed by Prof. F. E.
Robbins.
Only Fifty Tickets Left For Cotillion Only 60 of the original 400 tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion remain on sale, it was announced yesterday by Skull and Crescent, sponsors of the dance. These, tickets may be purchased from Skull and Crescent members, or at the west desk in the Union building for two dollars. F. E. Laramore is in charge of ticket sales for the dance, which will be next Friday night in the south ballroom of the Union.
Fred DeElliott
Traffic School To Present Diplomas At Luncheon Captain Fred De Elliott, in charge of traffic for the Muncie police force, will be the principal speaker today at the graduation luncheon to be given in rooms 366 and 363 of the Union, at 12 o’clock for the members of the traffic school. The school has been conducted this past week under the leadership of Professor J. L. Lingo. Dean A. L. Potter of the engineering school will pi’esent the diplomas to the 45 graduates who come from 30 different^ counties in Indiana. Dean Potter will then speak on “Specialization of Police Service.” Attending the luncheon today besides the graduates and 'speakers will be a number of mayors and city officials from the cities and towns
represented.
Finals In Big Ten Wrestling Bouts Will Start At 2 PM In Field house Two of last year’s Big Ten wrestling champions, Hanson of Minnesota and McDaniel of Indiana, remained in the running for today’s final matches after the first round and semi-finals were completed in the Fieldhouse last night. Among the favorites who lost was Casey Fredericks, 121 pound Boilermaker who was undefeated this year until pinned last night by Iowa’s
Sherman.
Fredericks had the Hawkeye lad outpointed by a wide margin until Sherman suddenly turned the tables on him and won by a fall. Sherman finished third at the Big Ten
meet in 1939.
Lindeman, only other Boilermaker to fight in the semi-finals, was outpointed 11-1 by Ritz of Wisconsin in the 136 pound class. Sickich, second in the national meet last season, was pinned in the heavyweight semi-finals by Downes, Buckeye wrestler. Finals Today Final matches will be fought this afternoon starting at 2 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. While the Boilermaker squad was knocked out of a chance to win any first places, there remain a few opportunities for placing second or third in some weights. A better record will be registered for the Gold and Black this year than it made last season, when no one scored a point for Purdue. Fred-
ericks’ victory by a fall in the first
borne. Reservations for the dinnerround gives the Boilermakers one may be made through Mr. Maynard.point in the final standings.
121 pounds Sherman (Iowa) won by fall ove:|: Fredericks (Purdue). Time, 7:38. Sefton (Indiana) outpointed Hill (Illinois) 9-3. 128 pounds Julius (Iowa) outpointed Kindy (Illinois) 7-0. Hanson (Minnesota) won by J^all over Zafros (Chicago). Time 6:32. 136 pounds Wilson (Indiana) outpointed Taylor (Minnesota) 1-36. Ritz (Wisconsin) outpointed Lindeman (Purdue) 11-1. 146 pounds Montanero (Ohio State) won by fall over Thomas (Chicago). Time,
1:60.
Combs (Michigan) outpointed Martens (Wisconsin) 14-2. 166 pounds Danner (Michigan) outpointed Boyd (Illinois) 12-6. Weiss (Ihdiana) outpointed Janesko (Minnesota) 13-11 in over-
time.
166 pounds McDaniel (Indiana) outpointed (Continued on page 2)
Dick Cisne
Dick Cisne Honors Cage TeamTonight Riveter netmen will be guests of honor at the Mixer tonight in the south ballroom of the Union. Dick Cisne and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will play for the dance. Cisne played a year ago last fall at the Gold Diggers dance. A backdrop, on which will be painted the names of the major lettermen along with a basketball, decorated with a crown, and falling into a basket, will honor the team. Penny Canival Opens At 7:30 Tonight In Gym Tonight at 7:30 o’clock Memorial Gym will open its doors to another Penny Carnival, The gym is decorated from top to bottom, with the theme, pennies. The booths are all finished and ready to do a rushing business. The following ideas are being used by some of the grdups participating in the carnival: Chi Omega, Hit the Owl; Alpha Chi, Jitterbug Junction; Phi Mu, Throw ’em In; Delta Gamma, Rat Race; Kappa, Ring a Rosie ;v^Pi Phi, Penny Arcade; North Hall, Greek Whirl; West Hall, Neptunes Centarium; Thaeles, Sock ’em in the Puss; Sports Women, Hit the Hook; WAA, Miniature Bowling; and Modern Dance Club, Penny Kisses. This gives a rough idea of the various themes, but they will be better appreciated when they are seen. Loving Cup, Candy Awards Booths will be judged on originality and attractiveness by Miss Helen Hazelton, Dr. O’Shea, and Dr. Hartsell. A cup, which the Alpha Xi Deltas now hold, will be presented to the group with the best booth, and a box of candy will be given to the group taking in the most money. General admission for the carnival will be five cents. Besides the booths, the evening’s entertainment will include swimming exhibitions by the Tritons at 8 and 9:30 o’clock, a WAA tumbling exhibition at 8:30, and Chinese magic throughout the evening. Dancing will be enjoyed from 9 to 12. The money WAA makes on the carnival will be used for scholarships, and to help refugees from the war-torn European countries. ' Maury Plays Tonight For Sludenf Co-op Assodatlon Members of the Student Co-op Association will dance to the music of Irvan Maury in the north ballroom of the Union tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock. The backdrop design for the dance is the shield of the SCA which contains two triangular shaped trees within a circle. Dean Fisher, Dr. and Mrs. G. B. Bachman, Dr. and Mrs. G. H. Graves, and Assistant Dean Coolidge will be chaperons. Committee in charge of tl\e dance consists of Charles Hansen, chairman, Helen Cox, and Laurence Hess.
Gold Peppers Announce pledging Of 23Juniors WarpY Waterfall Plays For Annual Co-ed Bid Dance; 350 Couples Attend Twenty-three pledges of Gold Peppers, junior girls’ athletic booster honorary, were introduced last night at the first co-ed bid dance of the new year. Names of the pledges were concealed behind a red curtain, which was drawn back to reveal the nsmoa. of the following girls who met the requirements of eligibility: Genevieve Houser, Lois Voelkel, Johann McLean, Yvonne Holden, Peggy Terstegge, Betty Hass, Jean Jones, Marguerite Gustafson, Jane Fishleigh, Ruth Swift, Paula Zwierlein, Joyce Burnham, Ruth Bryant, Georgia Carroll, Beth Simpson, Merle Hagemeyer, Augusta Hite, Doris Gamble, Jane Black, Ruth Bennett, Virginia Royce, Mary Jane Carr, and Thelma Bugher. To be eligible for membership in the organization a 4.0 scholastic index, leadership in activities, and personality are required.
Music for the dance was provided
800 People View Third Presentation OfPlayshop'sShow Leading Stars Give Fine Performances By Robert Donahue Those “very remarkable fellows” who are taking part in Playshop’s presentation of “Seventh Heaven” continued last night to attract large crowds to Fowler Hall. Approximately 800 students, townspeople and staff members saw Benny Bums as Chico and Juanita Sebum as Diane portray Austin Strong’s drama of the backstreets of Paris. The names of Jerry Ciral, Chuck Hart, Mary Alice Miller, Bob Hettema, Joe Martin, Bill Adams, Lewis Morrison, and Benny Bums will be remembered as veterans of many Playshop productions. Their presence along with other less familiar names in the cast help to make this another winner. The one outstanding performance of the play, if one can be singled out is that hf Juanita Sebum whose name and face are new to regular Playshop goers. Her deep understanding of a rather too emotional role is, it seems to us, one of the chief reasons for the successful presentation of “Seventh Heaven.” Brown Will Ledure To Forestry Groups Professor Nelson C. Brown, of the New York State College of Forestry, will be the guest speaker at the Forestry Club’s annual banquet to be held Tuesday evening, March 12. At the present time Professor Brown is personal consular to President Roosevelt on his reforestration project on the Roosevelt Hyde Park estate. ^ In addition to his address at the banquet. Brown will speak at several other occasions. Sunday evening, he will address guests at a smoker to be given at the home of Professor B. Prentice, head of the forestry department. Members of the forestry school will have the opportunity of hearing the European situation discussed by Prof. Brown on Monday morning at 10 o’clock. At 8 a. m. he will speak to all sophomores, juniors, and seniors. Also scheduled is an address by Brown at an open meeting of the agricultural faculty in the west faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30, Wednesday evening. Thursday morning the guest speaker will address upperclassmen. Professor Brown’s lectures here will be closed with faculty conferences Thursday afternoon. RoscoeHaas . . , and his Cary Club orchestra will play for a Cary Club dance this evening in the lower lounge of Cary Hall North. Dancing will be from 9 to 12.
by Warpy Waterfall, who played last year under Hal Leiber. His band may be remembered two years ago as Jimmy Cathcart and orchestra. In addition to the list of pledges’ names, the backdn^ contained a typical co-ed dressed in sports wear of skirt, sweater, saddle shoes, and anklets. The band &onts were of gray background with red stripes focusing to the crater of
vision.
At 10:30 o’clock the names of the pledges were read by Thais Crepps, after which Marg;aret Mitchell, president of the honorary, pinned the organization ribbons on the girls. "Upon leaving the stage, the pledges were presented with Gold Pepper skull caps. For the remainder of the evening, newly pledg;ed members wore the caps with the black on the outside as a mark of identi-
fication.
Approximately 360 couples attended the dance, which was held in the south Ballroom of the Union. Designer Talks At Industrial Exhibit By Lyle Osborne “Beauty is the efficient background for happiness,” George Switzer, leading industrial designer of the United States, thus justified his profession while speaking at the Industrial Arts Design show in the Union last night. Switzer continued with actual case histories to prove that the industrial designer plays an important part in bringing about the manufacture of a product which is economical to make, beautiful to see, and highly utilitarian to the buyer. Switzer is truly an artist, but he has learned to work hand in hand with engineers, and as a result his products are a highly successful combination of art and basic design. The exhibit, made up almost entirely of Switzer’s works, is being held in the east and west reception rooms of the Union. It will continue through March 18. Ag Short Course Aililetes Receive Awards Of Merii A total of 71 boys earned certificate awards during the Ag Short Course Athletic program. These were presented to the winners by Larry Imhoff, assistant Recreational Director, at the cenclusion of the Short Course banquet in the Union Thursday night. Out of 194 boys enrolled for Ag work, 174 entered into some kind of athletic activity during the eightweek period, a remarkable showing. Sports participated in were basketball, volleyball, table tennis, boxing, swimming, golf, shuffleboard and weight-lifting, with basketball drawing the largest number, 14S. Cosmopolitan Club ... met for a short business meeting in room 304 of the Union yes-tei-day afternoon There were about 46 members and friends pros'ent. The business meeting was followed by a fellowship period during which refreshments were served.■my:- - ■ '
, hJ t ■<• i * ' % , ' ,•■' !,;;
: I" ‘ ' 'f'
''-Au.V '',1'^/'", ,:v ry.^m ' I' ^ ^ ^ r ^
■tfv
-mr
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday# March 9# 1940
•U
Sutnrday Eight O’Clocks
-B &
-B&B—
Footballer, Lou Brock, has taken to bowling recently. Lou shows promise of becoming an outstanding star at bowling. Why only yesterday we saw him take two lads to the cleaners , . . it’s just like us to add that his two opponents were grade school boys ... or were you getting in shape for last night, Lou ? —B & B—
We wonder what has become of Bill Berg of late. Bill maybe you don’t realize that the new car gives you a “Four-wheel” personality that even the Thetas can appreciate. —B & B— Speaking of four-wheeled personality reminds us that we are trying to find out who the new red job parked in front of the Fuzzie house belongs t6. We will date her ourselves, B & B—
THE TERRIBLE TEN ... a group of girls at the South Hall took their dates out to dinner last night before the Gold Pepper’s dance, ^^dthough yesterday was Friday we didn’t know that there were so mapy fish on the campus among the fairer sex. Maybe the “TERRIBLE TEN” wanted the publicity ojc are you trying to convince the dds that a date is well worth their while, girls. Charter members of the T. T. are Marge Thomas, Marg Hans, Evelyn Gullion, Katty Bertsch, Vivian Peterson (not Kappa Pete), Dotty Booth, Jane Arnold, Anne Anderson, Sally Tyler and the “Question Mark” . . . Julia Martin just broke into our quiet sanctuary and demanded that her name be substituted for the (?).
LUMA
—SUNDAY - MONDAY-
2 SWELL HIISI
, With JAMES STEPHENSON MARGOT STEVENSOH • HENRY O'NEILL • EDWARD BROPHY PLUS—2nd Hit
MELVIN DOUGLAS
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES GENE AUTRY in "In Old Monteray" — PLUS — WAYNE MORRIS in "DOUBLE ALIBI"
Personnel Notes
Complete bnlletins with the companies listed below, are posted on the bulletin boards of the schools from which interviewees will be chosen. Those interested should read these bulletins and company literature available, then' sign up for consideration on the proper list in the main office of their school.
Gazooks, but I’m tired. Looks like rain today. Hope we have eggs for breakfast. Sure had fun at Gold Peppers last nite . . . wanna be sure and call up today and ask her for a date. Wonder who I can borrow A dollar from to go out tonight? Wonder if Prof. Sears would miss me at my eight o’clock if I went back to bed? Better go to class cause I cut last time. From now on I’m going to stay home Friday nights and do my preps.
The Sunbeam Electric Company, Evansville, Indiana, manufacturers of the Coldspot refrigerating units for Sears, Roebuck and Company, is interested in ME seniors for their research and production departments. They are also interested in outstanding ME and EE sophomores and juniors for summer employment. Starting salaries for graduating seniors is $100 per month. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school.
A. L. Pafker, The Parker Appliance Company, Cleveland, Ohio, manufacturers of precision metal products for the airplane industry, will interview mechanical, chemical,. and metallurgical engineering and science seniors majoring in chemistry. Those interested should read the bulletins posted in the schools listed and sign up for consideration.
NOTICE ... if Bob Dyer, “Debris” photographer, will stop in the Union barber shop, he can get a haircut for half price. Your editor was in yesterday and heard the barbers claim that ^ey were so anxious to see lum with his hair neatly cut that they (the barbers) would chip in to defray the expenses . . . There’s yonr chance. Bob.
Sis Taylor, Theta pledge, denies that she won’t give Doug McDaniel a tumble. “We are the best of friends,” says Sis . . . this seems to be the straightest dope Doug, so the way is clear for you. —B & B—
J. P. Rockfellow, general supervisor of employment and training. Union Oil Company of California, Los Angeles, Calif., will interview seniors majoring in Chemistry and ChE for training work in the refineries and laboratories. He is also interested in men recemng their Master’s degree for work in research and development departments. Salary for seniors is $160, and for Masters $165 per month. Those interested sign up in the main office of the ChE school or the department of Chemistry.
Joseph M. Sullivan, assistant employment manager, Detroit Edison Company, Detroit, Mich., will interview mechanical, electrical, and a few chemical engineering seniors m well as a few graduates majoring in physics on Monday, April 8.
Irwin P. Egan, director of personnel, Real Silk Hosiery Mills, Inc., Indianapolis, is interested in one senior engineer for merchEindising and marketing methods.
A. M. Rupkey, manager of training, Bethlehem Steel Company, Bethlehem, Pa., will interview ME, EE, ChE, MetE, and other engineering graduates for the company’s training course and eventual employment in steel production, metallurgy, coal and ore mining, quarry operation, managing, and purchasing work. Those interested should read carefully the bulletin posted in the engineering schools and the booklet describing the company training program.
L. L. Partridge, assistant to the general mgr.. The Simmons Com-
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and pontable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New port^le machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT
Russ—^Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
F. W. Hankins, assistant -vicepresident, The Pennsylvania Railroad, Philadelphia, Pa., will consider ME and EE seniors for his company’s three year special apprenticeship course in motive power department. During these three years the rate of pay advances regularly from 64 cents an hour to 74 cents an hour by six-month periods. Normally, special apprentices work 200 hours per month. Graduates of this apprenticeship are placed as gang foremen of approximately $247 per month. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school.
For Rent—Large room. Single bed, inner spring mattress, reasonable. 222 N. Salisbury. 61772.
liost—Black cameo ring in Union Bldg. Wednesday. Phone 6091. Reward.
Notices
No notieea will be eceeptcd after S p. m.
CE 6 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 101 of the civil building Tuesday, March 12, from 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 301 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 23. —MESSERSMITH.
C. G. Kustner of the Standard Oil Company of Indiana, Chicago, 111., will interview ME and ChE seniors interested in sales training work on Thursday, March 7.
C E 41: An examination for the removal of “C" grades will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission to take the examination must be oI>tained from the undersigned prior to March 18. —GREVE.
V. A. Wolff, branch sales manager, tabulating machines division of the Remington Rand, Inc., Chicago, 111., plans to interview seniors in the near future who are interested in sales work.
M E 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of conditions in M.E. 61 'will be held April 6, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before l^rch 28 at noon. —MESSERSMITH.
Zouaves: Meeting Monday, March 11, at 4 p. m. in the armory to discuss the University of Kentucky trip. It is imperative for all members to be present. —HURST.
THOSE BOISTEROUS DAYS WHEN THE LITTLE OLD TOWN WAS NEW! .. . and a spirited belle of the brawling waterfront fought to win the heart and share the glory of handsome Robert Fulton!
^BAYi
6REENE nmxuMnia ANDY DEVINE
Starts TODAY
Wrestling Finals (Continued from page 1)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByUehly
R. C. Hall, personnel supervisor. The Hamilton Watch ' Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania, is interested in employing two mechanical engineering graduates for a nine months intensive training in methods of watch manufacture. Following the course, these nien will be placed either in the Research Engineering Di-vision or the Machine Experimental Section. Those interested should sign up in G. A. Young’s office.
Galles (Michigan) 2-1. Schumacher (Minnesota) outpointed Ferguson (Northwestern) 7-3. 176 pounds Nichols (Michigan) outpointed Sawchyti (Ohio State) 8-6. Whitmore (Iowa) outpointed Roberts (Wisconsin) 9-6. Heav3rweight Downes (Ohio State) won by fall over Sickich (Illinois). Time, 6:10. Jordan (Michigsm) outpointed Johnson (Iowa) 6-4.
Wesley Foundation
... -will present Arthur Pitten^ ger of DePauw University tomorrow evening at 6:30 o’clock at the First Methodist Church. His topic, “Christus Victor,” is drawn from his experiences at the, first international conference of Christian Ybuth, which was held in Amsterdam, Holland last summer. Pittenger was one of the 26 Methodist delegates from the United States.
pany, Kenosha, Wis., manufacturers of beds, springs, studio couches, and steel furniture, will interview seniors interested in the company’s development and engineering department. '
‘Fd like to help you, sir, but I can’t afford it on my salaryyou’re the 10th one in the last hour who’s asked me for carfare home!’’ i
Freshmen and Sophomore Military Stn-
dents: Sign up immediately in the supply
■ “ ■■ ■ ■ Bl^
room of -the armory for Scabbard and ! best soldier contest. Medals, citations, and merits will be awarded. Further details will be posted on armory bulletin board.
—SCHRADER.
Engineering Freshmen: This semester’s seating assignments of engineering lectures in Eliza Fowler Hall are posted in the main hallway in Michael Golden Shops and will not be posted in any other plac& The engineering lecture this coming Saturday, March 9, will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall. —KNAFP.
Union Freshmen: All those with free hours Saturday morning, March 9, report to Union Workshop. —KEMPER.
M E 30: A make-up final for men receiving “C” grades in my divisions of M E 80 last term will be given Saturday, March 16 at 1 p. m. in M E 113. —COPE.
Fencing: Freshmen and all others interested in fencing tourney please come to the third floor of the Fieldhousej, Monday, March 11, at 4 p. m. No experience required. —NEPTUNE.
Varsity Show: Tryouts for orchestra -to be held at Fowler Hall Wednesday, March 13, at 4:05 p. m. —SMULEVITZ.
Skating Party: Lutheran Students Association will have a skating party at Maple Point Skating Rink, Monday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m. Cars will leave for the rink from East door of Union at 7:16 p. m. Anyone who has a car and is Interest^ in a free ticket, call John Meyhoif, 66$61, and make arrangements. " —HALL.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in old Agriculturist office Wednesday night, March 13, at 7 o’clock. —HITCHCOCK.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting Sunday, March 10, at 4:30 p. m. in room 305 of the Union. Plans for -Varsity Show to be discussed. —HETTBMA.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 12:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union, Be there. / —BELLES.
STARTS TOMORROW
Outing Club: Hike to Happy Hollow for camp fire supper Sunday, March 10, weather permitting. Meet in front of fieldhouse at 2 p. m. For reservation please call Marcile Lang, 2823, Fred Cordua, 35293, George Shawkins 46473, or Marjorie Ward, 41111; before Saturday noon, March 9. —SHAWKINS.
Sigma Delta Chi: Turn in all lead pigs to me in the Exponent office Saturday, March 9, between 2 and 3 p. m. —DECKARD.
POMM Pledges: Formal pledging Monday, March 11, at 6 p. m., in the armory. Bring one dollar for pledge fee. All active members should be present. Wear formal uniform. —HURST.
Union Workers: All freshmen and sophomore workers who are interested in addressing envelopes for Mother’s Day report to Union office for meeting Monday, March 11 at 4 p. m. —BENNETT.
•0iia3i/hm WHO m TAIIE THE WILD WOMAN "THE WOMEN”!
WAA Badminton: Sign up on bulletin board in gym for singles tournament by Wednesday, March 13. —SCHRODER.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, March 11, Room 303 of the Union at 8 p. m. Amendments to the constitution will be discussed. All actives be there. Pledges report at 8:30. —REILEY.
Typists: AH those people interested in working for the Student Senate, doing typing for students, meet in room 860 at 4 p. m., Thursday, March 14. —RUSTY.
P. I. A. Board: There will be a very important meeting Monday night, March 11, at 7:15 sharp. A perfect attendance is expected. A final selection of juniors will be made, therefore all applicants should be present. —'HINSHAW.
University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for "Seven Lest Words’’ are scheduled as follows: Sunday afternoon, March 10, at 2:80. Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00. Thursday night, March. 14, at 7:15. Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2:00. Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
' Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 12, in Room 303 of Union at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Scriveners: Deferred initiation will be held Sunday, March 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Regular meeting at
8 p. m.
ItHEY DARED WHAT YOU’VE ALWAYS^
Wondroua eights In a laeclnatlng new world of screen advenluret
MIDNITE PREVIEW TONITE 11:00 P. M.
Tickets on Sale 10:15 p. nt.
klaill
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
The Saints Double Trouble — PLUS — PAUL MUNI in We Are Not Alone
Grande comedy of the year!
CARY GRANT ROSALIND RUSSELL
wM RALPH BELLAMY GENE LOCKHART — Last Times Today ■
WALLACE BERRY — IN —
'The Man From Dakota'
ARO
Last Times Today —
— WITH — MARY CARLISLE -^AND~
A COWBOY THUNDERBOLT
|"(ER IBBTHBieBi
AUO—
f OP "I Ml. N' WWW* Sbom*
mm nH
—SUNDAY - MONDAYHOLLYWOOD CAVALCADE UDY’S FROM KENTUCKY SHORT SUBJECTH/.p’
iii
l^urday. March §, 1940'
£xfu>mnL Sfio'dA^ fi^aqa
Big Ten Track Battle Enters Final Round In U. C. Fieldhouse
The Big Ten’s fastest travelers are to^fiy eiptering upon the final round of the conference indoor ^ track ni6ot, being held at the University/ Of Chicago, with some of the greatest quarter milers in the country now converged upon the Midway, battling for conference honors. Six times in as many seasons has the Michigan aggregation entered into conference competition and ran off with the title, and now, seeking their seventh straight Big Ten championship, the Wolverine squad is again rated up among the^ favorites to leave the tourney with the proverbial loving cup under arm. The Hoosiers from downstate have a fasi, well-balanced squad whose performances in earlier meets during the current season speak of championship caliber. Quarter-Milers Warren Breidenbach, outdoor 440 ohamp, Phil Balyeat and Jack Leutritz, comprising the cream of Wolverine quarter-mile crop along with Hoosiers Roy Cochran, Marce Jenkins, negro sophomore, and Walter Stebing, might very possibly include the number one Big Ten quarter-miler at the conclusion of this afternoon’s competition. Cochran’s :48.3, made during the recent meet with Notre Dame, lowers the conference record by sixtenths of a second; and if repeated, will mean a new Big Ten mark. Captain Allen Shackleton, leader of the Boilermaker thinlies, leads a crop of other 440 favorites which include Sulzman of Ohio State, and Captain Bill McCown of Illinois, who has beaten Sulzman twice in this year’s cipder battles.
Qhoixji
By Bobert J. Deck«rd
THE PAPERS OP A SPORTS REPORTER
Hurdlers
Half Milers Half milers from Indiana may well upset the powerful Wolverine squad, with such men as Bob Hoke,
Got there in time not to see a wrestling match between Captain Roman of Indiana and Combs from , Michigan in 145-pound class .... Seems there was a mixup ... At end of the regular time the brace of “groan-and-grunt” artists were tied up, nine each . . . After two overtime periods, referee decided to award match to Roman on aggressiveness . . . Combs didn’t particularly like it... Took a cut at lUer.
Michigan Wrestler
—fc—
, —MARCH 8, 1940 Decided to ramble around the Fieldhouse today where more things were going on than a three-ring circus . . . Big Ten wrestling tournament was main center of attraction . . . Boilermaker baseball team was warming-up ... The freshman track squad was around the place.
Coach and officials got together, decided to have boys wrestle again, because ref said he thought he shouldn’t make decision .... Then Combs and Roman came out of the shower; wrestled again; Combs won in two-minute overtime, 2-1.
-fo—
who placed third in last year’s competition, and^Eane, sophomore flash. Michigan’s Tom Jester, along with Hogan who ran the 880 in 1:66, lead the Wolverine middle distance representution. Sprinter John Davenport, senior from Chicago, will be shooting to repeat his performance of two years ago when he took firsts in both the indoor and outdoor events, and is included in 60 yd. favorites. Michigan’s A1 Smith, Indiana’s allaround man Cochran, Franck of Minnesota, and Bill Green, Iowa sophomore, all boast records which give possibilities of championship laurels.
Saw Nickells from Michigan upset “Ruffy” Indman of Indiana, 12 to 8 . . . Previously, “Tuffy” had licked Indman twice . . . Both guys were clean cut ... In fact, all of the wrestlers impressed us that way.
-fc-
Introduced myself to Billy Thom, outstanding wrestling mentor from Indiana-. . . We said we knew a friend of his in Wabash who kept his spitz dog once... He remembered well . . . Then conversation was easy . . . He’s a smooth-voiced exprofessional wrestler. —^fc—
James Ferguson, Michigan’s representative in the 165 pound division who went by the first round of wrestling yesterday due to a bye. ■
IXtAndACRWill
Dave Rankin, Purdue’s all around man, should go places in the hurdles, but here again, Michigan and Indiana have strong representations. Cochran of Indiana holds the 400 meter hurdles title, and is well supported by teammates Bob Denny, and Ed Mikulas. Stan Kelley, who was fourth in last season’s competition, along with last year’s semifinalist, Geoffrey Hall, - lead the Wolverine hurdle hoppers. —KEEJLEY
Slipped around batting cagies where ball players were taking some cuts at the pill... Dick Wargo, Boilermaker pitcher, spoke . . . Harry Krause, baseball assistant, was catching Ferrel Ruppert, pitcher, and adding in a bit o^ coaching now and then . . . Ferrel seemed to be having a little trouble with his control. Thought it was grand to have baseball again.
Meet Monday For
Fraternity Net Title
—^fc
Homer Allen, erstwhile freshman track coach, spoke . . . Took a look at wrestling results'for afternoon . . . Iowa and Michigan will be well represented tonight.'. . Purdue was coming along, fair to middling.
-fc-
S’long, diary.
Dartmouth College registers all automobiles owned by students.
Bertrand Russell, famed English philosopher, has been appointed special lecturer at Harvard University. “harvard University’s President, James B. Conant has been judged the nation’s fifth best-dressed man.
Purdue Says,
“LET’S DANCE”
and The Fashion Swings it with SPRING FORMATS
to make the most of you
$2^ ^*95
others $12.95 up
Invitation to dance ... to sweet music and under gay lights . . . ift a ”Fash(ion” formal. Never has fashion been more rontandc, gay, alluring . . . clothes that make your eyes brighter, your escort's heart beat faster! And never have our formals been more "in the swing” come and see!
Scrimmage For Riveter Gridmen Begins Monday
Boilermaker hopefuls for the 1940 season, who spent thehr first w^eek of spring practice in fundamental drill and learning the details of the Purdue offense, will get their first chance to show their wares in scrimmage next Monday, Coach Mai EIward announced last night. Considering the muddy condition of the practice field and the cold weather, the head man was well satisfied at the interest and enthusiasm shown by the 100 candidates during the early sessions. I — —— I . Everyone Gets A Cbanee
Baseballers Prepare For Southern Trip,
•Monday night in the fieldhouse gym, the basketball teams representing the Lambda Chi Alpha and Alpha Gamma Rho fraternities will meet for the second semester Greek basketball title. Both teams have weathered the elimination storms held during thejast four weeks between thirty-^ix fraternities. The winning club will receive a troj^hy and the individual players will roceive intramural champion keys. Alpha Gamma Rho’s Scoring The Lambda Chi Alpha five reached the finals by defeating the Alpha Sigma Phi netters last week by the score of 42-20, with freshman Stone collecting sixteen points to lead the Lam Chi’s scoring. Even more impressive is the Alpha Gamma Rho’s semi-final victory where the agriculture lads trounced the Alpha Chi Rho’s 47-8, after leading 23-2 at the half. Daniels led the Alpha Gamma Rho offense with 15 points, while his teammates Stonaker and Kennedy collected ten points each.
Purdue’s fieldhouse is full of activity as the Riveter baseball squad swings into the first strenuous practice of the spring sport. Batting cages have been set up, and the pitchers are beginning to bear down. The boys are hoping that the weather man will give them a break and allow some good weather for outdoor practice before the southern trip to Auburn, Ala., and the Naval Aviation Training Station at Pensacola. Veterans Galor Eighteen returning veterans and a small group of prosperous looking freshmen give the squad a likely looking appearance, hjit that’s the way last season’s squad looked before the season, a squad that could not get more than one out of ten balls hit, out of the infield. Pitchers O. K. Among the pitchers, Bailey and Emmert, are the question mark lads. If they can return to last season’s mound habits, with the aid of a dash of hitting now and then, the two may form the nucleus of a group of collegiate champions. The squad has been cut by Fekring, and those remaining will again be cut to indicate the southern trip possibilities. Pitchers remaining after Pehring had applied the knife to the mound staff are: Bailey, Emmert, Danowski, Blanken, Cooper, Freisher, Higgans, Navta, and Ruppert. Of these pitchers, Ruppert, Navta, Bailey, and Emmert were members of the 1939 southern trip squad. Infielders left are': Ridgeway, Smithson, Hearne, McFerren, Beaty, Rawles^Mackiewicz, and Correll. Of these ballplayers, Mackiewicz seems to have the batting edge, but Wayne Hearne, who with Mackiewicz will CO - captain this season’s team, turned in the only real hitting at the close of last season. Catchers Inexperienced Catchers remaining on the Boilermaker list include Crawford, Fisher, Walton, Yeager, and Young. None of these men are experienced receivers; however Yeager and Fisher did do some relief work for Art Bredewater, last season’s Boilermaker catcher.
Regardless of class or previous experience all members of the squad will be given equal opportunity during the scrimmages in order to find the strongest possible combination before ^e end of the training period. Although the coaching staff expects plenty of work from the squad, Elward stated that every effort will be made to make the game as enjoyable as possible for each of the boys. Freshmen Are Around Freshman linemen who looked especially good during the blocking and charging practice include Vecks, Erlich, and Oerlick, guards. Hill and O’ Brien, tackles, and McCaffery, end. Backfield men seem to lack experience as a general rule, but Snyder, quarterback, and Anderson, Buffington, and Blair showed outstanding co-ordination and speed in the preliminary formations. , Van Aken showed well at the center position in working with the' backs mentioned above. The squad as a whole showed well, however, and outstanding performances are expected from the group before the end of the spring season. —SMITH
Spring Party For 4-H Club March 16
Annual spring party for former 4-H Club members will be held Saturday, March 16, in the Memorial Gym. Program for the p,arty, beginning at 8 p. m., wilf include dancing and games. Refreshments will be served to all present. All former 4-H Club members and their guests are urged to come to this party. Tickets are now on sale for ten cents. They may be purchased from any former 4-H member or from Frank Gooric, who is
in charge of tickets.
Outfielders left to battle for a berth on the southern limited are: Caress, Doherty, Kurtz, Mitchell, Stamm, Vernon, 'Tierney, and Wargo, and Waterhouse. 'These men represent transplanted players from all over the' diamond. Waterhouse was a first baseman, Wargo a heavy hitting pitcher, and Tierney an infielder. Stamm and Vernon are veterans, and the remainder of the outfielders are about on par. —PASHLBY
STUDENTS
Just Unpacked Shipment
of new
Norfork Sport Goats
Specially Priced $5-50 New Spring Colors in Gaberdine Sur Coats Special $3.95 ALL WOOL
SPORT COATS
To Wear With Odd Slacks ^ Specitd
$3.75 KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND*Much Consternation
Q)
A)
... has been either expressed or felt about certain interpretations of the 3.5 rule for participation in extra-curricular activities. Feeling this uncertainty, the committee on extra-cur-ricular activities has released the following list of popular questions and answers in an effort to make the ruling clear to those students seeking offices in the future: I. Interpretation of Managerial, Appointive, and Elective Of-
fices.
When is an individual eligible or ineligible for an elec-
tive, appointive, or managerial position?
An individual is eligible for election or appointment to office if he has a 3.5 scholastic index (cumulative) and a passing health grade, and he may remain in office until the next election or appointment takes place.
II. Interpretation of Special Cases.
Q) When is an individual eligible or ineligible for participation in special activities (Choir, Radio, Dramatics,
University Orchestra, Glee Club, Debate) ?
A) Participation in certain activities (above mentioned) requires a 3.5 cumulative scholastic index when the individual is initially accepted into the organization. His eligibility remains the same until the end of' the current season of that activity. (Usually one school
year.)
If an individual is ineligible by these requirements, but feels that he should be given special consideration how, and to whom, should he apply for such consideration^ He should: (1) Secure from the registrar an official semester by semester index of his scholastic work since entering school (University), (2) present the above record, with a letter indicating why he should be given special consideration, to the faculty sponsor of his specific activity, and (3) the faculty sponsor will then present his record and letter with attached comments to the chairman of the Extra-curricular Committee for
action.
Any student who contemplates having trouble under any of these conditions-should make the necessary inquiries as soon as possible so that the registrar, faculty sponsors, and heads of activities will not be swamped at the time of campus electiohs in the spring. Any further information on the interpretation of the 3.5 eligibility ruling may be easily obtained by calling Prof. F. R. Eastwood, 3076.
—R.E.I.
Q)
A)
WMTbwoA
'Baby Albatross'
By Mary E. Miller
Primary elections of next year’s WAA officers will be held at a mass meeting in Memorial Gym, Monday at 4 o’clock. Nominees for offices will be introduced and one other person for each office may be nominated from the floor. Changes in the constitution wilt also be made. All WAA members please attend because there must be a quorum present.
.... a soaring glider, and an all metal dual-contrql, utility soarer will be available to the 50 members of the Purdue Glider Club this spring. The all metal glider is being constructed by the club members in the attic of the Mechanical building and is to be completed within a week. Many of the members plan to’ spend spring vacation at Frankfort, Mich., making test flights with the new craft.
Are you going to the Penny Carnival? Have you ever been to one? If you have, you’ll be going; if not, you don’t know what you are missing. Maybe you don’t have any pennies. That is no excuse, because you can get a nickle clianged, and even a dollar if you wish. So dig down (way down to the bottom) you eds and co-eds, and shell out at the Penny Carnival.
elude the following: Dr. Louise Meikle as guest speaker, introduction of new officers, awarding of intramural cups, and initiation of new sports women. The price of each plate will be 50 cents. All co-eds are invited to attend the banquet.
—^waa-T—
The Home Economics cafeteria will be the scene of the annual WAA Winter Sports banquet, March 21 at 6 o’clock. The program will in-
Do you play basketball, or are you one of the people who just watch it? Class basketball tournagtent starts next week, so when the teams are announced and yon aren’t one of the lucky ones, come out anyway and help your class win the tourney. Show true sportsmanship by rooting for your team.
■r".
But
you dver seen Prof. Babcock’s car? No, you have not, hecause the University has played a very nasty trick on Professor B. : ?
Purdue Expoii^f
By Serge Some people seek ghbst writers; to us they come unasked, unwanted. It is Karamazov again. Bah! Yesterday he trespassed on this column for the second time. Interloper, poacher, plagiarist, heel without a soul—-we will put the Ogpu on his track. Further than that, we disdain to give him a second thought, not that he had the first. Are you impressed?
They have put chains across all the four drives leading to Professor B’s special-reserved parking lot. Now he can’t get to it untill after five o’clock, which is too late to put in a good day’s work. Of course, he could get there by driving around the chains on the grass, but does he? No, Professor Babcock is much too high up in the University to stoop to anything so low as that.
B. E5. IiMley W. B. SnUth....—....
D, Q, Itoio .-JSditorial IMraetor <3. W. Fredericlc~~i Miuuelasr Edttor B. M. Ant(mini....9enior Hanager G. Schhlingr —^»..:_Go-ed BdttMr R. Jenldns;—;— -GtoWit Bditor
Phones: Bditorlal. 4006; Btntnesa, 60^8; Sporto. 2792
Besides, there is a $5.00 fine.
What does he do? Maybe he has set up living quarters in the . Service & Stores building. Maybe he walks to work.
PubUsh^ daily exoept Monday doriaa the year, ^teved as Beeond dasa matpost op^ in Lafayette, Indtana, »“4er thd Act of Tjongress of Man* 8* 1876, rate of postaso prorided Ju_S«etion 1108, A«t of Oetobeir 8, 1917, aathorlxed JaxtUair 20p lOftt.
Hm-m-m-m, we wonder.
(Ed.\Note: No!)
aSPaKMNTBD FOa NATIONAL AOVaaTIMNS OV NationalAifirertisingSerYiceJiic. Cottut t^Uhkm R^$untativ* 4eo MadiOon AvB. Nbw York. N. Y. CHICAAO • BOITON ■ LOS AHOtLSt - SAM rSAaCIStO
OVERHEARD AT DINNER DEPARTMENT
“Yes, I know her. She’s the clinging violet type.” Yes, and we know a gal that’s the shrinking vine type, too.
Our Mr. Henderson tells us that the young conductor of the “Purdue Only” car runs the two miles from the car barns to his home each day after work. He runs five blocks and walks five, (kn old boy scout custom.) That’s one way to get aWay froip the busman’s holiday.
AU nnstened editorials are written hy tha Editorial IMreetor.
Dellvned by carrier, 88 per aeadenile year; by mail, $8.60. Buslnesa office locat^ at 812 M. Fifih Street: editorial. office, Union Bnildinsr; sports office, ffieid Boom
We are worried about Professor Babcock He isn’t able to park his car any more this year. Not that he lacks a place to park it. No, sir, there is a place all reserved for him just west of the power plant, complete with a small sign which is plainly marked, “R. W. Babcock.” , You can see the sign any day you walk by,^but have
Maybe we are old fashioned, but we don’t like orchestras that swing and scream all evening. That’s why we say th&t a Waterfall is just a drip going all the time; blaring, we might say. Pull force.
This nhwepeper ic written, edited. Wd pnbllshed by andersmdaate etodentc of Purdue University. All opinions. In ff^ nnlem otherwise accredited, are ctudent opinlona. and do not necessarily coincide wltfa Uie official University vlewiioinn
Night Editor, Miers Issue Editor Mueller Day Editor Burstfield Saturday, March 9, 1948
Bew;are, Karamazov.
JorneVtow 9tL JhsL^hwudhM,
Presbyterian and Congregational Students
Central Presbyterian Church, La-
fayette.
Discussion
Methodist Students
8:00 a. m.—Council and Commission Breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed Class—“The Meaning of Lent”—Dr. Sunderlin Men’s Student Classes: 1. Bible Class—taught by Prof. Gunn. 2. The Race Problem—“The Negro in America”—^by Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship— Dr. Steele will preach on: “The Inevitable Cross.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper in charge of Doris Bunnell. 6:30 p. m.—Epworth League at the Foundation. Arthur Pittenger on the Amsterdam Conference. 8:00 p. m,—Three-Choir Concert at the church with 140 voices.
9:30 a. m.—Student led by Mr. Thomas.
10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship— Sermon by Dr. Graham. Westminster House, 129 Sheetz
Street, W. L.
6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club. Supper will be served. Following supper the members of the University Debate team will lead a discussion of “The Foreign Policy of the U. S. in light of the Present European Situation.”
Baptist Students
West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m.—-Roger Williams Club Class. Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Church Worship Servi(^. Sermdn, ^A WJeek with Jesus.”
Episcopal Students
Services and Meetings at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry Sts., Lafayette. Holy Communion, 8 a. m. Morning Prayer and Sermon, 10:45 a. m. Seabury Club. Supper, 6 p. m. Program, 7 p. m.—Bob Hewitt will read Eugene O’Neill’s play: “Ah, Wilderness.” Women students especially invited.
5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Prof. G. H. Graves will speak on the subject, “Achieving a Christian Character.”
Purdue Christian Foundation First Christian Church 6th and North Sts., Lafayette
9:30 a, m.—Prof. Gordon Graves will discuss the miracles from a realistic approach, in the Student Class. ^ 10:40 a. m.—^Church Service, with Doyle Mullen preaching. “Experiments in Living” series continues on the subject of “Why Share?” 5:30 p. m.—Forum, beginning with Vespers at 5:30. Recreation at 6:00. Discussion from 6:30 to 7:30.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., March 13, 7:00 p.m, TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., March 14, 7;00 p.m. PHONE 2150
AULJEir^’S 6tli uid Wmtf
Have we neglected to mention it lately? Crown Cleaned Clothes are Moth proofed by the Monite Process.
AH wool garments we clean are guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
Crown Laundry
n N E C L E A'N E R S P F F I N E C LOTH E S
Let's Have Another One (Before We Say Goodnight) coupled with Say"SiSr
Entertainment as only the Andrews Sisters Render it!
Hear Bob Crosby and his Orchestra Recording You, You, Darlin' coupled with The Wind and Rain in Your Hair
She Had to Go and Lose It at the Aster By Dick Robertson and his Band
But She found all the latest releases at Sear's Record Department, visit with us today.
2 North Third St.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Eiducation
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ' 119V2Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 Lafayette, Indiana ,
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler aned Optometrist 504 Main St.