This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATUBDAY September 2A, 19^ Lofayette, Indi^ma
Vol50
No. 10
1L
Opener
Engineers Vie For Young Trophy In Parade Today Leaving the Armory today at 1:30 p. m., the seniors of all schools will march in the traditional cord day parade, those having escaped the warring freshmen wearing their yellow cords and sporting mustaches, derbies, and canes.
The seniors will meet at 1:15 p. m., to form by schools and will
Boilermaker Co^Captains Eye Detroit nvi II Detroit Grid Fans Hope For Boilermaker Upset
then march to the stadium and around the field before taking their seats as a group. Although all the classes march, only the four engineering schools are eligible to win the coveted Young Trophy, which is given for the biggest percentage of participation, according to the donorjjJrof. G. A. Young. Trophy 3 Years Old The trophy came into being three years ago, when the parade had become filled with clown acts and the attendance began dropping olf, as an incentive to the schools to get out and make a good showing. Since that time, the silver plaque which G. A. gave has not left the possession of the mechanicals and today hangs in the Mechanical Engineering Building. As representative of the defending champions, Boyette Edwards, senior mechanical, stated that “G. ■ A. Young spoke before a group of us today about the parade and we are backing him one hundred per cent to keep that trophy. We defy any one to do better than that.” Other Opinions Differ However, from the opinions expressed by the other contenders, the mechanicals have won the trophy for the last time. Phil Horton of the civil school expressed his view on the subject saying, “We’re out for blood this time. We aim to snag that plaque.” Chemical James Jacobi, voicing similar ideas said, “The chemical school plans to take the trophy this
time.”
Speaking for the EE school, L. E. Keck, senior said, “The EE’s will be in there pitching.” Radio Stage Will End Current Play Today Radio Stage wil bring its current thriller, “Auto-Humanitas,” to a conclusion this afternoon, the program starting at 1:00 o’clock and continuing for a 30-minute broadcast over station WBAA, Don Foust and A1 Exton have been added to the cast to help carry the show to its conclusion. Other members of the cast are Patricia Heine and Joyce Burnham, who handle the feminine leads, and Bill Carr, Jack Lane, Joe Martin, Bill Adams, Harold Martin, and Dick Pittinger. “Judging from this afternoon’s rehearsal, this production promises to be one of the smash hits of the new Radio Stage series,” said Director Sam Marks last night. Exponent Training Begins Tomorrow Exponent’s training course for freshmen'interested in business instruction will get under way tomorrow afternoon at 2:16 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The meeting will be an informal get-together and smoker, featuring \hort talks by G. W. Breuer, Exponent personnel director, and other . members of the personnel department. The main purpose of the meeting is to inform freshmen of what and where the Exponent is, and of the functioning of the paper. Co-eds as well as eds are invited to attend the meeting by the personnel department, as there are definite places for girls in both the art department and the business staff. Those girla iMving experience in applied design or typing are particularly urged to attend;
'Crisis In Europe' Will Launch Series Of Student Forums “The Crisis in Central Europe” will launch a series of open forums and panel discussions next Thursday night at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union
Building.
Professors Frank Hall, Charlie Murphy, and Dr. J. W. Robinson of the history and economics departments will lead the discussion, alternating in short talks and the exchange of comment. The style used in the University of Chicago radio forums will be adopted for this
meeting.
Open For Questions After the panel discussion, the meeting will be thrown open for student questions and comment. Tau Kappa Alpha, campus forensic honorary, is sponsoring the forum. President R. A. Buckles is in
charge.
Following the first forum, a series of similar discussions will follow. Outside speakers and student leaders will figure in a regular schedule of forums and panels, embracing topics of local as well as national and international interest. Aimed at the twin purposes of familiarizing students with current questions and enabling them to speak well in public, the forum will ' be Tau Kappa Alpha’s contribution to extra-curricular campus activities. The cooperation of other student groups is planned. n, Fencing Captain Gets A Bit Cut Up Art Levin, PSE ’39, captain of the fencing team, was a bit cut up yesterday just before noon. Not by foil, saber, or rapier, but by a good old-fashioned American razor, wielded by a few freshmen who had sought to deprive Art of the adornment upon his upper lip. The frosh lay in wait for Levin in his room in Cary Hall Northwest . . . the razor slipped, and Art got a slash which required seven of Doc Miller’s special embroidery stitches to close. Sunday Papers Start Tomorrow the Exponent will publish the year’s first Sunday paper, starting the regular schedule of publication which includes Sunday as one of the six issues a week. The sports news and feature material will be especially emphasized in the Sunday editions. Phi Delta Theta... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Dopg McDaniels, Fostoria, O.; H. J. Murphy, Franklin; Carl Tafel, Louisville, Ky.; Tom Clemmen, Chicago; Miles Goodwin, Newcastle; Dick Wagner, Shelbyville; Jim Walley. Fort Wayne.
Joe Mihal, co-captain of the Boilmakers, will step into the tackle position vacated by the graduation of Marty Schreyer as the Titans invade Lafayette today.
Co-captain and center on the Boilermaker team is Paul Humphrey. Paul was regular pivot man last year and will open his final season against Detroit today.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Increasing cloudiness Saturday; Sunday partly cloudy and cooler.
Cord Wearers Dance Free At Mixer Tonight Cord wearing senior men and senior women -in jerkins will be admitted free to the annual Cord Dance tonight at 9 p.m. in the Union ballroom. Lou Breese and his orchestra will furnish their “breezing along” music for the dancers. Breese brings his orchestra here from the French Casino in New York City. His music is well known in the east, wliere his smart rhythms have set the musical pace for proms at Harvard, Yale, M. I. T., ^.Dartmouth, and Williams. The maestro’s characteristic effect is to bring out, in a kind of tonal perspective, one section of his orchestra after another, blending the whole together in a symphonic pattern. Following his present tour, Lou Breese and his orchestra will open at Chicago’s swanky Chez Paree in October. One dollar will be charged for admittance from all couples not displaying at least one pair of senior cords or 'one senior jerkin. Students Must Show Passports At Game Less than 200 passports remained to be claimed at the Fieldhouse ticket office last night, with the first game of the season scheduled for today. It will be necessary for students to present their identification card at the gate for admission to today’s g^ibtie. This is all that will be required for student admission. Gates No. 2 and 6 have been designated exclusively as student entrances. Gate No. 2 is located in the middle of the south end of the RossAde Stadium, and Gate No. 6 is located directly in back of the student section on the west side. The area north of the 60-yard line will be open to underclassmen on a “first come, first served” basis, except a part of the section just north of the 60 yard line which will be reserved for seniors taking part in the senior parade. The ticket office in the Fieldhouse will be open today from 8 a. m. until 12:30'j». m. All students who have not yet claimed their passports are urged to do so before 12 o’clock noon today. No passports will be issued at the ticket office at Ross-Ade Stadium, stated C. S. “Pop” Doan, athleHc ticket sales manager, Iasi night.
PURDUE
PROBABLE LINEUPS Position
DETROIT
Britt L E Schauer Mihal (C) LT Beer L. Johnson L G Maezke Humphrey (C) C \^ite
Freelich ..... Nienstedt Chesney (C) .... Filiatrault Pa^imbo .. McDermott Barritt
Verplank R G R. Johnson RT Mackiewicz R E . Hennis Q B Brown LH Brock R H Ippolito F B
OFFICIALS: Referee—Don Hamilton, Notre Dame; Umpire —Ray Eichenlaub, Notre Dame; Field Judge—^Mike Layden, Notre Dame; Head Linesman—George Yamelle, Wabash. BROADCAST—WBAA, Purdue; WO WO, Fort Wayne; WBOW, Terre Haute; WJBK, Detroit.
Today the question of Purdue’s football destiny for the coming season will be answered as the Boilermakers face Detroit’s Titans in the opening game of the season in Ross-Ade Stadium at 2 o’clock.
Classes for instruction in the use and application of slide rules to the University subjects began Wednesday, September 21, imder the supervision of assistant professor of general engineering J. M. Arnold. The classes are being held in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops every Wednesday and Monday. The material presented last Wednesday dealt with simple multiplication and division—envolving only two numbers. This same instruction will be repeated Monday, September 26, for the benefit of those who were unable to attend the first of the series of meetings. Each Lesson Twice Continuing the series in this manner, Arnold will present all instruction material twice, first on Wednesday and finally on the following Monday. Lesson two will advance one step from simple multiplication into the realms of combined multiplication and .division. Lesson three deals with squares, cubes, square roots, and cube roots. The fourth of the series will be a review of the material already covered, including short cuts and the use of the CF and DF scales. Trig scales, log scales, and the solution of triangles will be covered in the fifth lesson. The last lesson of the series will be for using the slide rule to raise numbers to fractional powers. As previously stated,,all lessons will be given twice, oncef at 4 p. m. Wednesday, and again at the same time on the following Monday in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. 1,800 Students... ... jammed the Union ballroom, the Sweet Shop, and filled the Union corridors to overflowing last night as the freshmen and a good percentage of the co-eds attended the biggest freshman dance the school has ever seen. 1^800 Farmers... ... from all over the state attended the eighteenth annual University Swine Day yesterday. They observed the results of the experimental feeding at the University farm on the county farm road. In the afternoon they met in the livestock pavilion to hear talks by various members of the University staff on the feeding and marketing of swine.
Although a record opening day crowd is in prospect, plenty of good reserved seats as well as several thousand bargain general admission tickets, priced at $1.00 each, including tax, will be available at the stadium at game time. This muchly publicized “mid-sea-son” opener will provide one of the outstanding attractions in the middle west as the two evenly matched teams try to get off to a good start toward successful seasons. Detroit is by no means the lamb being led to the slaughter as is found in most opening games, but instead is confident of “showing” the Big Ten
schools.
Wide Open Game A wide open game is in prospect, with Detroit planning on using a running attack more than usual to supplement its passing. Ed Palumbo, triple threat left half, can be counted upon to do a good job in upholding the Titan’s record as a passing team. The game is expected to draw a record-breaking opening day crowd, with close to 5,000 Boy Scouts expected to swell the attendance. Busy Afternoon Interest should not wane, with the variety of activities planned for the early. part of the afternoon. The Boilermaker “B” team will battle the mini reserves at 12 o’clock. A parade of scouts, which will include several high school bands, through the campus and to the stadium will take place shortly after noon, with the annual senior parade scheduled for some time later. Detroit is planning to bring its 72 piece band, and close to 1,000 Titan rooters will add to the autocity following, as well as the color. Jerkins, Jackeb Will Make First Appearance In Senior Parade Today Girls wearing light gold suede jackets with the Mortar l^oard em<blem, and corduroy jerkins with gol& peppers on t^e left shoulder, will lead the /senior women dressed in cord jerkins in the parade of seniors today. Girls who intend to march in the parade will assemble at 1:15 today east of the Armory and form ready to fall into line in the main parade. It will be the first showing of both the jerkins and jackets, which arrived only last night. All Senior Women To March All senior co-eds regardless of whether they have jerkins or not are reminded by Mary Cooley, Gold Pepper president, that they are an important part bf the parade, and should be on hand. For the first time this year the Mortar Board emblems will be worn on the back of the jackets instead of the front.
3,000 Students Turn Out For Cheer Session Under the inspired direction of head cheer leader Stubby Meier, over 3,000 student^ yelled themselves hoarse last night at the first pep session of the year. Forming behind the band, the crowd marched triumphantly from the Union Building up Grant street and Northwestern avenue to Stuart Field where a Skull and Crescent built bonfire awaited them. Wisecracking Stubby Meier then started the proceedings with a short pep talk and led a couple of Purdue yells. After the band played “Hail Purdue” Mai Elward came up on the platfoirm and gave a short pep talk. “This year’s team lacks individual stars like Isbdl, Schreyer, and Woltman,” shouted Mal “but there’s a better spirit and a hard fighting gang!” Following in rapid succession Red Mackey and co-captains Paul Humphrey and Joe Mihal addressed the crowd. After a few more choruses by the band and a series of yells the pep session was over and the crowd streamed away in all
directions.
Late News Bulletin
Rumors of a new plan to ease the tension in Czechoslovakia came over press wires last night. Briefly, the idea is to have a German Army “token force” take over the Sudeten area immediately. This would satisfy Hitler’s demands and is designed to avert immediate war.
Hungarian cabinet members went into session last night after the broadcast announcement of Czech mobilization. Meanwhile 2,000 of the Hungarian “free corps” tro(^ began a march to the Czechoslovakian border. Rumors indicated that Hungary would also mobilize within a very few days.
Czech mobilization, announced yesterday, means that two miUitm soldiers will be ready for action by today’s dawn. During the past 24 hours the Czech border towns saw street fights instigated by German “free corps” (fugitive Sudeten Nazis).
As foreign war news crowded the northeastmm hurrioane and tidal wave dispatches to small headlinee^ 550 persons wmre reported killed and hardeSt-hit Rhode Island had electric power cut olf in large area& Since the storm struck 48 hourt ago rescue workers have be<« firan* ticaRy trying to brhig ofdeir into the chaos caused by this first New England tidal wave.
'fl4mw
Ot-H' ‘ y.V
£diiohud
.x"
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
» S'/A
3‘iUduJUiA
Saturday. September 24. 1938
Red Letter Day... ... of Purdue’s September is today. With the Boilermakers meeting tough Detroit the chances for the fans seeing flashy and hardfought football today are excellent. The nation’s sports writers have seen fit to favor the Titans in their predictions, but we can promise them that they’ll have to bring more than their reputation to Ross-Ade stadium this afternoon if they expect to come out victorious. As Mai Elward told pep session rooters last night the team will miss last year’s brilliant senior stars Isbell, Schreyer and Woltman. However, the team this year is 4a§t, smart, and full of the fighting spirit that makes winners. Today is red letter day for seniors, too. Resplendent in cords, derbies, and battl^scarred mustaches they’ll parade to the stadium, and march around the field, then assemble in the stands to wait for the first Purdue touchdown. When the derbies fly into the air after that touchdown the seniors’ day has been successful—then victory adds the final touch. Freshmen... ... seem to have gotten the wrong slant on the ways and means of the frosh-senior mustache and cord fights. Traditionally these scraps are friendly contests and not knock down and drag out mob scenes. It has never been the custom for whole classes to organize and start mass fights. Instead the>rivalry should find outlet only in separateirooming places, where freshmen attack only the seniors living with them. Mob fights pretty regularly end up with several persons getting badly hurt and with everybody building up ill will. Small, personal battles, as these senior-freshman tussles should be, are more apt to end with renewed friendship and no serious casualties.
the Purdue Exponent
RKPRE9ENTBO FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago * boston * Los Angeles - sah Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the . regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor...." U* S. ^r^n City Editor ..., , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors . G. W. Frederick, K. C, Houston, B. E, Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager JE. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. — — W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. I^ugherly National Advertising Manager — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — -W. E. Smith Art Director - —D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. — Sally M^ee Associate Editors - — Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Rditor - . -l R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Streep, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published hy undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Willsey "Saturday, September 24, 1938
Senior Mechanicals: Meet in front of the Mechanical Building for organization and count before the parade at 1 p. m. Saturday September 24. All senior mechanicals are urged to be present to make parade attendance for the trophy 100 per cent. —HARVEY.
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting at 7 :80 p. itt., Tuesday, September 27, in the Union Building. See Tuesday’s Exponent for room. —DRISCOLL.
Central Presbyterian 9:30 a. m.—Discussion group led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon by the Pastor, Dr. W. B, Graham. Music by the choir led by A. P. Stewart. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday evening forum at Westminister house, 129 Sheetz street. Prof. H. L. Creek will discuss modern poetry. St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—Morning service, with Major Clarence Hall of the Salvation Army^ns speaker. 6:00 p. m.—Young People’s Fellowship. West Lafayette Methodist 9:30 a. m.—Sunday school. Louise Clark, YWCA secretary, will teach the co-eds. Dr. Lawrence Hadley will speak to the men. 10:40 a. m.—Morning worship. “The Church as Life,” Dr. Steele. 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper at 435 State street. 6:30 p. m.—Purdue Epworth League. Reports on summer conferences at Boulder, Col., Lake Geneva, and Bethany Park. West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams class taught by Prof. J. K. Noss. 10:35 a. m.—Morning worship. Reverenend Gleason will deliver message, “God’s Call to the People.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club social hour. Russell Knee in charge. Lunch 10 cents. 6:30 p. m.—^Roger Williams discussion group. Prof. Frank Hall will speak on “The International Crisis.” / 7:30 p. m.—Evening worship. “Keeping the Faith.” Lafayette Christian 9:30 a. m.—Student class. Prof. Frank Hall, teacher. 10:40 a. m.—Morning worship. Col. Bertram Rodda of the Salvation Army will be the guest speaker. 5:30 p. m.—Student Vespers. 6:00 p. m.—Social hour and supper. 6-40 p. m.—Round table discussion.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, at 8 p. m. in room B of the Union. —BEUOY.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the September registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (9-26) —STONE.
Glee Club: Special rehearsal Tuesday afternoon, September 27, at 6 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7 :30 p. ra. —GANNON.
Sophomore Co-ed Expotient Workers: Permanent schedule is as follows: Monday— Carroll, Burtsfield, Butz, Schlitter; 'Tuesday —Pickering, Simpson, Jakes ; Wednesday— Short, Miller, Briscoe, Sebast; Thursday— Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten; Saturday—Short, Miller, Joy. (9-27) —McKEE.
Senior Mechanicals: Assemble for parade Saturday, September 24, at 1 p. m. in front of the Mechanical Engineering Building. -HARVEY.
Alpha Phi Omega: Important. All members meet in Union lobby during free hours Saturday, September 24, to help in Boy Scout Day registration. —WADLEIGH.
Seniors: Form east of Armory at 1:16 p. m. Saturday, September 24, for senior parade. —ELLIOTT.
Freshman Engineers: Engineering lecture seat assignments in Eliza Fowler Hall for all divisions will be posted in Michael Golden Shops Thursday morning, September 22. This list will be moved to the corridor of Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 a. m. Saturday, Steptember 24. —KNAPP.
Student Health Workers: Pay checks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with physical examinations during registration. (9-26) —MILLER.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, at 4 p. m in the WAA office. —JORGESON.
vmmmnA LAST TIMES TODAY 100 Times Fuiuier Than The Play!
Military Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29tb. —HOLMES.
P. I. A._: Position of Men’s Activities Chairman is vacant on the PIA executive board. Juniors feeling they have the proper recommendations, should state them in petition form. All petitions must be in the PIA office by 6:00 p. m. Monday, September 26. —WELLS.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon, Saturday, September 24. —RISING.
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNERS May Enroll In Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Monday, September 26 7:00 P. M. ENROLL NOW 10 Lessons $6.00 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
CANE and DERBY 40
SOUTHWORTH'S
mmm wiijiin • ralph bellamv^ frank McKUett'OICK FORAN^Oireettd b; liOVO BACOM Screen Play by Belle and Samuel SpewaoK
Starting TOMORROW
SONJA HENIE RICHARD GREENE
JOAN DAVI S CESAR ROMERO BUDDY EBSEN
N A1N
-TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE
The Jones
“Who Killed
Family
Gail Preston?”
in
“Borrowing Trouble”
Don Terry
with
Rita
Jed Prouty
Hayworth
MIDNITE SHOW TONIGHT 11:30 Betrayed by her own country. ... A man and woman defy the world! “I MARRIED A SPY” with Neil Hamilton
SUNDAY-
miTmRA&mi
FREDASTAIRI
^unniccv ’WuiCeoMdCifdeibu ■ ifJjT I R V I tl i
y RALPH BELLAMY, ' Luella Gear, lackj Carson, Clarence Kolli Franklin PangDorni
You’ve never seen danctng until you see them stepping YHE YAM oneoft^higfaa,tures tnthu ftrftd- JV^radiO est show of all I ^ POURE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lktily
A certain IRVAN SOMMER— Purdue Riding Club Prexy—^is offering night lessons to the freshmen co-eds. He even went so far as to offer to shave off his mustache and take personal interest in the first girl to sign up for a twilight lesson. * Speaking of mustaches, the seniors that attended the ASME meeting the other night discovered a group of 40-odd freshmen ready, after the meeting, to strip a couple of lips. A general call-to-arms was sent to all seniors about 11 o’clock and when 70 paddle-armed ’39 boys showed up, the frosh disappeared about as fast as a snow ball in h-1.
Along those lines may we make a suggestion. Why not get the EE school to place sockets at various places around the campus so the freshmen can use electric shavers.
To think that we complain when we have to pay taxi fare on a date when JACK SWINNEY—Pi Kappa Phi Senior (?)—^went all the way to Venice, Italy this summer for a two-day date with his home town gal. With your permission we will present Jack with the gold-plated fish egg for the summer term of 1938.
The day after LOIS RANDOLPH received a pin from DICK ELTON —an SPE red-head—she was presented a twenty-five pound box of ice. This COOL gag was pulled by our ATO friends.
There is a tip out to the effect that the Playshop is looking for a likely person to play the part of Dracula in their forthcoming play. If you run across any of your close
-and then she gave my letters to her lawyer. What a fool I was—me!—with half a dozen phones!”
friends, sorority sisters, etc., that measure up to standards send them in. It all comes out in the wash. The reason figam flash BOB BUCK has been spending summer vacations in Minnesota has been a sweet little Indian squaw. She deserted Bob to marry another man last year, however. Now there is a little papoose appropriately named “Buckaroo!”
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY— IBAPFLING MYSTERyi
Ly^
LAST DAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Sunday - Monday EVERY DAY’S A HOLIDAY BEHIND THE MIKE MICKEY MOUSE
— ALSO — A LAUGH FUN H.IP...GHILLED WITH THRILLS/
PAUL KQIY • CONSTANCE MOORE > WILLIAM LUNDIGAN SUNDAY ^ MONDAY
P0WER*IUCE FAKB-uuN AMECHE i -Twentieth Century-Fox ProducUon
— plus— Our Gang Comedy “RURAL SWEDEN” Travelogue in Color
TODAY3 i
Saturday, September 24. 1938
Purdue, Detroit Attacks To Differ Widely Today As the personnel of the Purdue and Detroit squads shapes up, little advantage can be given to either team so far as weight is concerned, but the attacks of the two will vary with the abilities of the individuals.
The Boilermaker attack has been fashioned around a speedy running attack since the loss of last year’s passing star “Cec” Isbell. Coach Mai Elward hopes to use the speed of Brown and Brock to offset the marked advantage the Titans have in the air. Watch Ed Palumbo Ed Palumbo will be the man to watch on the Detroit attack when the passes start to fly. However, Titan Coach, Gus Dorais has increased the versatility of his attack with the addition of Clint Barritt, 200 pound fullback, who is a crack blocker. Barritt’s blocking is expected to open holes for the running
Genuine Perlby Hats No Imitations NEW! HEW! 50« DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
IINMATCHED FOR qiJALlTV
Across from Fire Station ( Northwestern at Vine !^one 4081
THE PURDUE
Ted Hennis...
EXPONENT
attack to add to the Boilermakers’ woes. McDermott, Detroit right half, tips the scales at 185 and adds beef and power to the backfield. Titan captain, Alex Chesney, is the receiving end of the Palumbo-Chesney combinations and has few equals at the task. The Boilermaker squad will be made up mostly of juniors with but three seniors, Ippolito, Humphrey, and Mihal in the starting lineup. Brock, Brown, Hennis, all juniors, had considerable backfield experi^fice last year, but must show how they will function as a unit.
' ....choi<«
. .. junior Boilermaker quarterback who will be used in regular action during the 1938 football season.
League Standings
National League
W L Pet.
GB
Pittsburgh ..
83 58 .588
Chicago
82 61 .573
2
New York ..
77 64 ,.546
6
Cincinnati....
77 64 .546
6
Boston
71 70 , .504
12
St. Louis
68 74 .479
16
Brooklyn
63 77 .450
19
Philadelphia
....44 97 .312
39
Yesterd^ay’s Results
Chicago, 3-7; Philadelphia,
2-6.
Cincinnati,
5; Pittsburgh,
4.
(12 innings)
American League
W _.L Pet.
GB
New York ....
95 ^9 .660
Boston
82 59 .579
11 Vg
Cleveland ....
83 61 .576
12
Detroit
76 69 .521
ISVa
Washington
71 72 .497
231/2
Chicago
60 76 .441
26
St. Louis
50 89 .362
371/2
Philadelphia
....51 93 .354
44
Yesterday’s Results
Cleveland,
8-6; Detroit, 1-1.
\Local Mds
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Eberehoff, 606 Main street.
Get Acquainted Over a • Sandwich • Soft Drink • Ice Cream Here you can meet your friends after a dance or football game, and enjoy a wide variety of good food at most reasonable prices. CURB OR COUNTER SERVICE THE Green Gables ON THE LEVEE
£sl JthsM.
.
AT
THE KICK-OFF You're sure of a good time at
at
Ross-Ade Stadium on Satur-
at
12 o'clock
day—be sure you get there.
2 o'clock
PURDUE "B"
Street cars will make your
PURDUE
vs.
scheduled arrival a certainty.
vs.
ILLINOIS "B"
Remember, fare 5c with free transfers.
DETROIT
STREET RAILWAY.
INC
By B. D. Witwer Thanks a lot for the great buildup, Bob, . . .and of course our shy modesty can only dictate that we say, “We can never live up to it” .... we’ll try our darndest though to pound out a column here which will be of prime interest to all you sport fans. —^fc— Any criticisms, comments, suggestions, or contributions will be greatly appreciated ... it all goes for a better column ... so on our inaugural publication. —^fc— Now that we have tasted the thrills which have fired senior classes for years . . . such as losing our mustache after a hot fight, and hiding cords for ye olde corde hunt . . ; now we can look forward to tossing the derbies which set us back half a buck . . . into the teeth of the gentle zephyrs in Ross-Ade Stadium when Purdue makes its first touchdown today, —^fc— In a light work out yesterday afternoon, all of the boys were filled with the old pepper . . . Mihal’s eye is at least well enough now so that he can open it if he feels in the mood . . . Mai Elward seemed particularly anxious for smooth performance and no wonder ... Detroit is out to carry on big time football this year and today’s game gives them a golden opportunity, —^fc— An influx of a large number of Detroit sports writers and avid supporters leaves no room for doubt that these followers expect great things from Dorais’ charges in this game. ” —^fc— From all appearances and indications in secret practices, both teams have some fancy plays up their sleeves which they hope.will prove to be scoring punches today . . . there promises to be plenty to wow the fans and give the sports writers something about which to elucidate to great lengths.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 60c cheaper, at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
Purdue B' Team Clashes With mini Squad Today With the kickoff scheduled for noon today, the Boilermaker “B” team will engage the University of Illinois “B” eleven in Ross-Ade Stadium as the initial contest of a gridiron “twin bill,” the first double header to be played here since Coe and Western Reserve Universities played two Purdue elevens in 1933.
The Gold and Black team, in charge of head freshman coach Elmer Burnham, will be composed of promising sophomores and juniors who are at present reserves oh the Purdue squad. There is little known of the power of the Illini “B” team, but judging from the two defeats they handed the Purdue “B” squad last season, the Orange and Blue gridders will no doubt put on an interesting show, possibly featuring a pass attack. Starting Lineup Coach Burnham has announced that the following lineup will start the fracas for the Gold and Blacks: Lehr, L. E.; Morris, L. T.; Cook, L. G.; Miller, C.; Winchel, R. G.; Turon, R. T.; Abbott, R. E.; Gale, Q. B.; Liebrecht, F. B.; Welsch, R. H; and Mcllwain, L. H.
The above mentioned line for the Boilermakers will be a bit lighter than usual but much faster. Ray Abbott, who will be plasnng right end, has been out of school for the past two years, but during his sophomore year he was one of the mainstays of the 1935 squad. The backfield will have two heavy driving backs in Welsch and Liebrecht, while Mcllwain, a much lighter back, is fast. Dr. George LaRue... . . . head of the department of zoology at the University of Michigan, visited Dean of Science Howard E. Enders yesterday and inspected the Purdue biology laboratories.
EDWOOD GLEN Public Golf Course Beautiful Grounds . . Natural Hazards Located 71/2 Miles North of Lafayette Take State Road 43 North and Turn Left on First Road After Crossing Burnett's Creek Sandwiches — Soft Drinks — Tobaccos
FOR SALE—1927 Dodge sedan—good condition. Call Henkel 75163.
LOST—On the intramural field, a pipe. Finder call W. F. Mertz, Cary Hall' East.
Fly Sunday
September 25 Also * October 3 See Purdue from the air in comfortable air liners Dry when it rains Heated when cold
9-12 - - -
50c.
12-6 - - -
75c
pmmi UNIVERSITY AIRPORT
Capi*. L. 1. Aretz, Lessee
Phone 41641
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory l|
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST T19 Vti Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
• jewelers
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door Iocks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main> y
3bocaL adtL.
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
^niicoA.
Saturday# September 24. 1938
EATING FACILITIES
FOR
EVERY TASTE
CHESTNUT ROOM
THE PLACE TO DINE Superb Food and Service DO NOT MISS THIS BEST OF DINING ROOMS on the Second Floor
SWEET SHOP
THE PLACE TO MAKE FRIENDS
Complete Fountain Service Enjoy the Gayety and Life of This MOST POPULAR SPOT
GRILL THE PLACE FOR A LUNCH AND FOUNTAIN DRINK Make This Modern and Youthful Room YOUR RENDEZVOUS
CAFETERIA
THE PLACE TO PUT MEAT ON GROWING BONES Food that is delicious and well balanced in great variety TWO COUNTERS - - FAST MOVING LINES VERY ECONOMICAL FOR THREE MEALS EACH DAY
Be Sociable In , The Purdue Memorial Union QeMfiafL. jthiL CojmffUAJL—^lpiL ihsL Csmia/c QoUtuyb CLdtiviUsA,