ii
4k '
% ‘
Hfh^!fi ‘ /
»»' V fi' f‘ ' "rf > ■• I .1 "ft
EDITOI^IALS Concern Future Of Exponent
’I y t '''■' 1 ‘ ^ ^ V *_*' ' ■ ’. t
f4'‘
FEATURI i| Tells Advantages. 1 Of Army Discipline
' Established 1889
Tell It To Knox
Yolunie 56, No. 40
Purdue Univei’sify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, July 31, 194|
Two Free Dr, Sparks Addresses
Dances Tonight Hostess System Features Cutting Tqnight directly after “Coed Capers”, a musical show to be , presented by the coeds in the Music Hall at 7:30, two free dances are being sponsored by the University Pan-Hellenic Council. One Union ballroom will be devoted to couples, while the other will feature cut and mix-up dances. ^ The host and hostess system that was Started last week at the outdoor dance will be in effect, and it is hoped that enough coeds will be present to make the system effective. The idea consists of fifteen coeds and fifteen service men acting as go-betweens, so that, as far as possible, all girls present will be provided with dancing partners. Hostess System In Effect - The same coeds and men that did this job last week will be at the dance tonight, and from this group of girls a pemanent committee of the three most efficiently successful hostesses will be chosen to take charge of service men’s entertainment in the future. Miss Muriel McFarland, acting assistant dean of women, in co-op-eration with Lt. |j.g.) Lee Somers, recreational officer of the Naval Ti’aining Pi’ograms, and a representative from each co-op house, sorority and residence hall originated the idea. They hope in this way to make the entertainment of service men more enjoyable all the way around. Each host and hostess will wear a distinctive badge of gold and black ribbon, so they can be easily identified among the dancers. Master Of Ceremonies John Marks will act as master of ceremonies at the cut dance, and Harry Eeed and Maury Mahn will fuicnish music for both. Cut dances will be announced from the bandstand in order to give everyone a fair chance. All civilian students, RCA, Curtiss-Wright and Wright Field gilds are invited, and it is urged that as many as possible attend. ‘ Decorations for the dance, which is the fourth in the series of entertainments for service men and women, will be carried out in red, white and blue, with a colorful semi-circu-lar backdrop. Refreshments will be available. Staff Selects Five For Speech 14 Convo Wednesday Evening G. Aleback, Frank Batug, H. L. Kohn, E. J. Resor, and J. A. Rodgers have been selected from the 12 Speech 14 sections to speak at a Special 14 convocation which will be held Wednesday at 7:15 p. m. in Fowler Hall, according to Prof. L. S. Winch, acting head of the speech department. The speeches which will be given will be examples of the informative speech, and the speakers will be rated according to their effectiveness by students attending the convocation, although it is not a contest, Prof. Winch emphasized. Selected By Class Members Each section of Speech 14 selected a representative from their class, and the five speakers for Wednesday were selected from this group by members of the speech
staff.
Students taking Speech 14 may substitute the convocation for attendance at a regular class meeting next week; however, they must first obtain their instructor’s permission for the substitution beforehand. Editorial Staff Meeting of Junior and Senior Editoriai staff, today, 4:30 p. m. ; in Exponent Office. —MURPHY.
Industrial Conference President Elliott Lists Four 'MV In Home Front Picture In Welcoming New Men
Curtain Will Open On Coed Capers' Tonight At 7:30 In Music Hall
“The most serious manpower leak is the failure of any individual, regardless of what he or she nfay bb doing, to produce to the utmost,” declared Dr. Frank H. Sparks, president of Wabash College and now on leave of absence to serve as director of ttie labor utilization division of the War Manpower Commission. This statement was made yesterday before the industrial training conference being held at the University, which more than one hundred representatives of midwestern industries attended. The session was sponsored by the Division of Education and Applied Psychology of the University. In his discussion, Dr. Sparks cited many methods employed and found to be successful by the Manpower Commission in combatting absenteeism, as well as ways of doing the job more efficiently in order that all departments of a plant or industi’y might increase their output. Pays Tribute To Record After paying high tribute to the production record of American ag-
riculture as well ab industry, he stressed the point that there could be no let-up until final victory had been attained. J. R. Newland, also of the Manpower Commission, described the typical industrial training program, while L. J. Fletcher, training director of the Caterpillar Tractor Company, one of the pioneers in industrial training, gave figuf'es to show the value of training in increasing the production so essential at this
time.
Elliott Welcomes Group In welcoming the group to the campus, President E. C. Elliott of the University, pointed to the four “M’s” in the home front picture: morale, manpower, materials and mobilization, and declared that of the four, morale is by far the most important. He also stated that.although schools and colleges could provide certain preliminary industrial training, the final training job was up to industry.
State Officials University Will Honor Will Discuss 500 Senior Graduates Plant Defense At Exercises, Aug. 15
According to Prof. J. L. Lingo, director of the University Public Safety Institute, a special training conference dealing with problems of emergency plant protection will be held at the University in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Wednesday. Re^esentatives of industry and plant protection officers from all parts of the state are expected to attend this important meeting to discuss the problems of protecting industry against enemy action. The program will be devised after the meeting starts, since it is informal. Problems of industrial plant protection will be worked out. The meeting is tied in with the activities of the State Civilian Defense Council. Army, Navy Representatives Clarence Jackson, state director of civilian defense, will be among the speakers, while army and navy representatives will be present. Representatives from all sections and branches of the national, regional and state officers of civilian defense will be there, together with state law enfoi’cement officials such as police, fix-e marshal and insurance issuing agents. Primary purpose of the meeting is to clarify any conflicts or duplications of effort among agencies engaged in protecting plants in Indiana. According to Wayne Timmons of the Institute staff who also serves as state plant pi’otection officer for the State Defense Council, one hundred to one hundred twenty-five such representatives are expected. Timmons is in direct charge of the meeting.
On §unday, August 15, the University will honor 600 gx-aduating students at commencement exercises in the Music Hall, starting at 2:30 p. m. Unique and unusual features of this sumxner’s commenceCommencement Invitations The announcements and invitations to senior commencement have been received by the printers and will go on sale at the cashier’s office at 9 a. m. Monday morning, August 2. They will remain on sale until Monday, August 9, or until the supply runs out, as only a limited number are
available.
The invitations will sell for ten cents each, and the ahnouncements will sell at 2 for 5 cents. Seniors passports must be shown. ment will be the lack of Gala week, alumni receptions, alumni reunions, and alumni. However, the class of ’43 will have the traditional cap and gowns, processional around the campus, and Pi’esident Elliott for his annual speech. The usua} commencement activities have been curtailed due to transportation and other wartime difficulties. The commencement announcements and invitations will be in the form of a small booklet bound by cord, similar 'to the ones used in the April graduation. They will contain pictures of prominent buildings on the campus and the names of members of the graduating class. Fraternity Archery
Committee To Present Variety Act 'BeHer Than Last* One' Says St-ewart “Even better than the last one” is the way A1 Stewart, director of University musical organizations, describes the second “Victory Varieties” which will be presented by service men’s committee in the Music Hall next Saturday. Maurie Stein and his Chez Paree orchestra plus seven acts, which, quoting the posters set out to advertise the progi'am, are “spectacular” will be included in the
show.
The acts which make up the program are: The By ton Dancers, a group of 12 girls; the Malone Sistex’s, singers, dancers and instrumentalists; Professor Slyter in “A Magician’s Night Out”; the Two Speeds, I’oller skating act; Lischeron and Adams, dance, team, and the Musical Stair-Tones, a company of dancers who work on musical stairs. ‘ Senate Selects Senior Officer
Senate Prepares Booklet Describing Student War Work Student Senate is preparing a booklet on the student participation in activities aiding the war effort. Contributions which the various activities on the campus are making to the war effort will be described in this booklet. It will contain articles on the following activities: entertainment facilities for servicemen, such as. Union, Playshop, Music Hall, etc.; AWS Bureau for coed war activities; Red Cross work on the campus; Student War Stamp drives; participation of servicemen in student activities, such as Exponent; Student War Council; participation of the servicemen in University athletics and the Part Time Job bureau that is being set up by the Senate to aid students in obtaining part time work in war industries in Lafayette. Thomas Directs Preparation The booklet is under the direction of Don Thomas, president of the Senate. Members of the Senate body are responsible for the ar-
ticles.
The principle purpose of this booklet is to acquaint the student body with the war effort of the University, and to interest them in participating in the above mentioned activities. It will also be used to publicize the war effort drives of the Univex’sity all over the country by making it available to other col-
leges and universities.
PI A, WRH, SororHy Groups Abandon Reserve For Show 1 Houselights down, curtain, and “Coed Capers” will begin, tonight on the stage of the Music Hall at 7:3(1, Coed imaginations have been working overtime to produce a free
show for service men and civilians.
Ten groups, including PIA, WRH and eight sororities, have entered the contest which will be judged by audience appeal. ■ — Those coeds, according to A. P.
Stewart, have abandoned their reserve and feelings to “put op
a great show”.
Skits will include a typical evening in the living room of a sorority house, a burlesque on college life and a scene in the park with added features. There will a can-can chorus, an all-girl orchestra, music and slapstick skits. Formal Pledging Ceremonies Gold Peppers, University senior coed honorary, and Mortar Board, national senior coed honorary, wifl announce their new pledges and during the program will hold forijial pledging ceremonies for them
on the stage. i
A1 Stewart, director of music^ organizations, will be the master of
Local Ministers Offer Service Men Conference Time Servicemen who miss having a
chaplain on the campus are offered the opportunity of conferring with members of the Jewish, Catholic and Protestaixt faiths. Rabbi Simon,
Father Holland and Rev. Balsley,
ministers of local parishes, are available to the soldiers, sailors and mai'ines who wish pex-sonal advice or who just feel like talking some-
thing out.
Office space, room 108, in the Executive Building, has been allocated for these conferences. May Request Conferences Rabbi Simon is in the office every moi-ning and in addition special appointments may be made by calling him there or at his home. Father Holland is available for conferences from 10-12 and 1-3 on Mondays and Wednesdays and on Saturday morning from 10-12. Catholic confessions are heard on Thursday evening at 6 in the Lounge of Cary Hall and before
mass on Sunday.
Services To Be Held In Fowler Hall
ceremonies.
Weller Wins Three Medals For Bravery
While her son is winning laurels for extraordinary achievement in the army air corps, Mrs, Ruth
■ II viiii^ ... former Lafayette resident/1$ Aisromodelerc To Hold the Protestant working as assistant chief of the
^3llUlU3tQS MCiyillUUCIISIi lU IIUIU mimster, wfll hejn room 108 every memorandum receipt .unit at the
Rome, N. Y., air depot.
Track Entries To Start Thursda]^
Due By Noon
The Wai'd track meet is scheduled to be run neXt Monday at 4:15. Last night the Intramural Office reported that no entry blanks had been rctui-ned and unless there are some competitors it will be impossible for the meet to be held. Anyone living in any of the Wax-ds is eligible for the competition providing they report to the Intramural Office by noon today, July 31. Anyone not I’eceiving an entry blank and desiring to enter the meet may do so by signing up in
the Intramural Office.
The winner of each of the five events will receive a medal. The five events are: thevlOO yard dash, the 220 yard dash, the 440 yard dash, the half mile and the mile run. . To All Fraternities All fraternities that have lost their houses, please notify the Fraternity Affairs Office of new addresses of houses and the names of the members living out.
Announcement of a fraternity ai’chery tournament has been made by the Intramural department. The contest is scheduled to start Thursday evening, August 6, on the archery range just north of the women’s tennis courts. The x’ange will be open from 4 to 6:30 each afternoon for the use of any men desiring to practice for the competition. Entry blanks are not being sent to the various houses; merely repoi’ting for action will be sufficient. Each fi’aternity will be allowed a two man team, and each man will shoot 30 arrows from 30 yards. However, more than two men may compete from each house, and the combined score of the two best will
count.
Starting time will be at 4:30 p. m. and all entrants must be on the range at that time. Each house entering will be given 26 participation points while 5 additional points will be awax’ded the winner. The x’unnerup will receive 3 points. The usual awards will be given to the winning
team.
Candidates for Student Senate senior office holdei's were selected this week and will be voted upon Monday, Aug. 9, Senate has an-
nounced.
The candidates ai’e; President, Don Thomas and Louis Fischer; ti’easurei’, Lois Caldwell and A1 Lindskoog; secretary, Wilma Jean Palmer and Carol Roblee. Representatives Reappointed Representatives of the different classes and schools were automatically reappointed to serve for the intxasession while the senior officers will be elected by members of the Senate. Present officers are:- President, Don Thomas; secretary, Roger Monahan; treasui’ei’, Lois Caldwell. McLaurin To Speak At SAE Meeting Next Wednesday eyening’s meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineei’s will present William M. McLaui-in, who will discuss a technical paper on, the Guiberson Radial Diesel Engine. McLaurin has been chief engineer of a Diesel company in Dallas, Texas, since 1940. Mr. McLaurin, a member of SAE since 1941, and an ME graduate from the University of Cincinnati, will cover the evolution of the Guiberson Diesel Engine from the Monovalve design, beginning in 1928 up to the designs of the pres-
ent day.
On exhibit will be a Guiberson Diesel, complete in every detail. Eta Kappa Nu ' . .. Electrical Engineering honox’ary fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: William G. Eagle, Lynbrook, New York; Joseph K. Goldsmith, Harrisburg^ Pennsylvania; J. Alvin Henderson, Vallonia; John H. Juengst, New Rochelle, New York; Robert A. Kraay, Hammond; Orval C. Myers, Sweetser, Paul W. Oberreutter, River Foi'est, Illinois; Warren M. Robinson, Evanston, Illinois; Byers G. Smith, Oakland City, and Raymond J., Smith, Princeton, New
Jersey.
Contest Tomorrow With Handicap System Airplane builders and model aii’plane enthusiasts are invited to enter the Aeromodeler’s contest Sunday from 1 toi'5 p. m. in a field located northwest of the University golf course and about two miles north of town. Awai’ds of $6, $3, and $2 will be the cash prizes in the contest. An entry fee of 60 cents to be paid at the beginning of the meet, will be charged to all non-members of the Aeromodelei’s. The meet will be conducted on the handicap system according to a set of rules drawn up at the club’s last meeting, Wednesday evening. The handicaps are ax-ranged as follows: the I’ubber powered planes x-un fx-om scratch as do the Class “C” gas models. The Class “B” gas models get their time mul^plied by 1 1/4, and the Class “A” gas models with the towline gliders will have their time multiplied by 1 1 1/2. Entrants may take as many flights as they wish. The time of the three longest flights will be averaged to obtain* the official time of
flight.
As the contest field is rather hard to find, signs will be posted to aid anyone who does not know the route. The genei-al public is invited to observe the contest. Library To Supply Books Fo£ Training Quarters Reding matter will now be supplied by the University Librax-y to all houses whex-e special training gi-oups ax-e quartered. Houses in-\ terested in obtaining these books and magaziixes for light reading ai-e asked to send a representative to the Library and talk to Miss Rachel Schenk. The Library has a small stock on hand and has solicited new books and late magazines from membei-s of the faculty. New material can be secured every week or two. The books may be returned when read, to be used by others, but no records will be kept and magazines need not be returned.
afternoon from 3-5.
Starting tomorrow, all services will be held in Fowler Hall instead of the Music Hall. Catholic mass is at 8:30, Protestant services are at 9:30 while Jewish services will be
held at 10.30.
Her son, Lieut. Weller, enlists two years ago while a senior ra the school of forestry at the Univer-
sity. He served as navigator
B-17 on 26 missions over continieiital Europe, and it was for this service that he was awarded the Dis-
tinguished Plying Cross.
Displays, Courage, Skill » The citation credits him Vfith displaying gx-eat courage and fighting from his gun position, warding oflT many enemy attacks. His courage, coolness and skill were Said to have reflected the highest credit on
The largest symphonic band in himself and the armed forces, the University’s history was or- Lieut. Weller was also one of the ganized last Tuesday with navy, original crew serving on the Plying army, and marine corps, as well as Portress, “We, the People” which civilian student members. Over half lead the important personage* to of the 86 pieces in the new band are the Casablanca conference, played by members of the various The ship was once considered « armed services stationed at the plane named the “Snafu.” Up
New Band To Make First Appearance At Commencement
to several weeks ago, it had been in 30 raids sustaining 50 siseable holes and other smaller ones and with the record of never losing or ixxjuring a single member of its ci-ew in all its 30 raids. / Lieut. Weller received the Silver Star for fighting the Japs in the
University.
, The new band will make its first appeai-ance on August 16 in playing for commencement exercises. Servicemen will wear their service uniforms and civilian students will wear the regular band uniforxxxs. The band will continue to opex-ate
on its customary . military proce- Aleutians aixd since'then "hai^ 't^
ceived the Distinguished Flying
Navy members will play xn a dxs- Cross and the Air Medal with four
tinct all-navy band as well as in the oak-leaf clusters.
University band.
This is not the fii'st occasion in the band’s bx-illiant history that it has mexixbers from the armed services. A similar organization was formed during the first World Wax-. Under the direction of Professor
Triton To Sponsor General Coed Swim Monday evening at 8 p. m, Tijl-
Paul S. Emrick the band has won ton Club, coed swimming honorary, nation-wide fame for itself. A few will play hostess to all University years ago John Philip Sousa ac- coeds, Cixx-tiss-Wright, RCA, and claimed it to be the finest uixiver- Wright Piqld Cadettes at an opep sity band in the country, and in 1927 meeting in the Women’s Gym for all he presentee} a large silver loving- girls who like to swim, cup to the band as a token of his , Plans for a short program are bahigh regard for its abilityx ing formulated. After the progritin Professor Emrick, who was a there will be games and geixeral
close friend of Sousa axxd who has swimming.
conducted the Sousa band, has been Jean Browne, Acting President .. director of the University band for The Triton Club, whlcJ^ ip camover 35 years. Under his direction pus organization foruxed alpxut the organization was built up from seven years ago to promote W<M!Ba few members to over 125 musi- exi’s swimmiixg activities, xnt^r cians. The band is foremost in ser- the sponsorship of Miss Bund. Jepn vice to the University, playing at Browne is acting president for the many important occasions including summer in place of Axxn WhtSIIS all home and xnany out of town bury, who will t^ke over this football games and xxxaking fre- Triton sponsors mixed quent trips to Indianapolis axxd oth- in the Women’s Gym everjj' er cities in the state. night. . .Purdue ExpbneM
Saturday, July 1^, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business |*ur^ue Menwrial Union, Phone 4005 ' Sports, neldhoase,‘Phpt^e'^ 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Bonorasr JWitor William G. Hoskins HonOrar; Editor DaU E. Buts Bonoi%tr Business Manager; Gerhard H. Klonman T',.,;; , With the Colors
Gditor. BitsUiess Manager Mdws Editor MMarijut S^tor XliyHwiiirmuiaKer.... Sparts Editor^
..Robert W. Boswinkle Mary Dllts Sally Bee,II Donald E. BreVer ......A, Jane Ke|ip Joseph S. Puwa.(jh ...;.Jean If^her
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: H. B.iAbbett, C. C. Martindell, E. P. hfurphy, W. H. Ty%on, W. L, Vermilion, G. J. Wilbur. • , , Com Staff: Rtith Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katharine Hetres, Bports Sniff: R. M. Lipcs, R. J. Smith, G, E, Sjowards,
Business Staff
__ Adyertising Manager; 0. L. Gaunt, Layoai OlrcctorV'J. B. Thbb, ! Circnlatioo Manager: B. G. Sauerman,
: iiar“
The Purdue Independent Eiitor-ln-Chiet............ -1.^— Bert Senior
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: Howes
__ Issue Editor: Wilbur Bepo^rters: Kropf, Woerner, Baynes, Lewis, Georgeson.-,
Night Editor: Murphy Ci& Editor: Steffes
; .Entered as second class matter at the post office in.'Lntayette, I:\diana, under the act of Gonjgress of March 3, 1879, aim at t^ BpecfaL rate ot postage pro.vided fpr in section -1W8, apt of October 3, 1917, authorised Janua|'y 20, 1922, Pi&Iished bn Tuesday, Thursday .and Saturday mornings during .the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by. carrier for $1.26 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a aamepter. Subseriptions may be obtained at the Exponent iffioe or at the West Desk of the Union. ■ Represented for national advertising by National Advertisinif Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Kingdom
We got on a bus yesterday—a Monon Shops bus, to be exact. The time was 5:15 p, m. and the place was Cary Hall, Most of the seats were filled and yet this was the starting point for this bus. By the time the bus got to State street, a dozen or so people were standing in the aisle. When the vehicle reached th6 Main street bridge, the bus was packed. At Third street, three more were added to the bus’ complement with a shoehorn.
A New Staff...
Yesterday, we, a new staff, again crossed the Exponent threshold—the same threshold we’ve been crossing since we were freshmen. This time, however, our entry into the subbasement o.ffice took on a more deep-rooted i^eaning. ' We are a happy staff but likewise a very determined staff, realizing the responsibilities and the many uncertainties which are bound to lie ahead. ® I ain accepting my position of managing editor with double zest and will put my all into managing the personnel problems of the coeds, service men and male civilians with the greatest efficiency possible. We already miss the seniors but are eager to show the out-going staff and all our Exponent friends that we’ve got What it takes to make this ^he^best Exponent ever.—c.j.w.
By this time the driver had to have someone tell him whether or not the right side of the bus was dear. A kind soul in the back of the bus shouted instructions for closing the rear door in order that someone might not be caught half in and half out. If something unexpected were to happen, the. driver would have been in a poor position to see it. And crowding such as this occurs frequently, Sunday evening University street buses are an example. The number of buses running has been limited to save rubber and gasoline for our war effort. But is a set of tires or a gallon of gasoline worth more to our war effort than jeopardising the lives of fifty or sixty bus passengers every night between five and six? Many of these passengers are defense workers. We realize that the bus company is limited in the number of buses it may run. We do think, however, that schedules might be rearranged to alleviate the situation. The number of persons using the buses during the middle morning hours and the early afternoon hours do not warrant a bus every fifteen minutes. One every half hour would be sufficient. Staggering the schedules of routes using the same roads would help to eliminate wasteful trains of buses such as the ones formed usually by the Salisbury, University and Grant street buses.
thp Washington Metry-Qff^RxiUJnd
Prsi^enl' ftoosevelt Aids Yaticain Hppe^or
With Soviet Russia; Ai'chbishop
man Conferred Regulai'ly Pope
after »ke;iilJ-fi»ted'idestroyer Hainniann was aunk, her,, skipper, Coradr, Arnpld Pllaworth Triie, was rescued from the water and found to he supporting two enlisted men. He himself was so exhausted that he did not realize both men were dead. Cortidr. True, who was awarded the Navy Cross and the Distinguished Service Medal for heroism, typifies the spirit of our men in mms. They give to the limit of their endurance. Do YOUR part! Buy more Var Bonds and Stamps! '
By Drew Pearson’ WASHINGT,0:N7^qst before he left the United States for the war zone. Archbishop Francis J, Spellman of New York, the President’s closest link with the Vatican, told friends of weekly conversations ihe had had with Pope Pius Xli in which His Holiness expressed hope for an fearljr understanding between the Vatican and Soviet Russia. , Archbishop Spellman was secretary to the Pope when, as Cardinal Pacelli, the Pope was Vatican secretary of state, and he remains orie^^f Pius XII’s most trusted confidents. All during* the war and until the New York archbishop left the United States, the two conferred regularly by trans-Atlantic phone at 1 p. m. on Wednesdays. These phone calls, never before publicized, are one of the anomalies of the war. Though this meant a telephonic hookup of two enemy countries, connections were made promptly and the conservatiops never censored or garbled—at least from our side. / When the history of this war is written, it may show that the transAtlantic calls between the Pope and his closets adviser in the United States played an important part in paving the way for a rapprochement between the Vatican and Russia. Pius XII dropped inauy tell-tale hints in these talks about discord in Italy, which were relayed to the President.
A.
Letters
Qn, JJm.
To The Editor
With some schedule changes, the time might come to pass when one could ride a bus at rush hour without holding hiS breath from Grant street to Ninth street.—c.c.m.
Necessity Of
Liberal Arts . . .
7/ Do Our Best. . .
In accepting the control of the Exponent for the next few months, we do so with a spirit of determination—determination to keep the paper going at all costs, to keep the readers, both civilian and military, informed and infereste.d in the campus activities, and to do our respective jobs to the best of our ability. : In taking on these jobs we have accepted no small amount of responsibility to ourselves, to, our school, to our readers, and to our staff. We' want all those concerned to realize that we are constantly aware of this responsibility and that we will do our utmost to live up to all that is expected of us during our term in office. We also wish to express our sincere thanks to the electoral board for entrusting us with this work, for we value it highly and have striven many semesters for the positions. As a final gesture, we wish to congratulate the mernbers of the junior staff who were elected to serve with us. We ask of them their heayty cooperation in the performance of their thankless jobs and assure them that they have the sympathy and willing cooperation of those who have gone before.—-e.m.
What is the future of the liberal arts college? Is the day of “cultural courses” being supplanted by an erk of specialized training in which a student will be highly trained in technical fields? These questions are on the tongues of thinking men all over the country. From the University of Illinois comes a brief “four war time points of emphasis” which Dr. Arthur Gutts Willard, Illinois president, has found apparent on his campus. They are: ; 1. “Technology cannot save the world. A
university must maintain its normal program during thd war ak far as possible. 2. “Lopsided arid highly speci^ized and accelerated education must be leveled off speedily after the war if the delicate balance demajided by a democratic society in peace time is to be retained.
3. “This balance in education means that each student, whether engineer or scientist must be grounded in general studies with especial emphasis on the humanities, such as history, sociology, psychology, languages, and the pure sciences such as mathematics, physics and chemistry.
To The Editor, . Sir: . ■ _ It is with some trepidation that I take typewriter in hand, pei'phaps to open one of those virulent exchanges which seem to occur every time somebody says something in Exponent print. Be that as it may, here of late I have been aware of a pin-pricking on my sensibilities almost every time I pick up a cojiy of your publication. It is this matter of GI-Betas and Gl-Sigma, Chi’s. Of course, nOW that the two groups have more or less run down in their expressions of appreciation of the Theta songsters, the terms may never again appear. However, if carried to the logical conclusion, we might yet hear from the Gl-Sigma Nil’s, the GI-ATO’s, and the GI-Eta Eta Eta’s, none of Avhom are Beta’s, Sigma Chi’s, Sigina Nil’s, ATO’s—or Eta Eta Eta’s. Now, let me hasten to say that I do hot particularly object to being called a GI-Beta. I once knew a Beta who was a very likable chap. He used to come over to our house to, eat occasi on ally—when the Beta’s were having hash. I remember that he played the piano. There are no doubt many Beta’s Who are fine fellows. And I am a GI. No, it is not that I consider myself too good. , The crux of the matter would appear that one either is a Beta or is not a Beta. You would not call a soldier who slept in a Masonic Service Club a GI-Mason, or^one who slept in a Knights of Columbus Service Club a GI-KC. And fraternities are not houses. They are, in the essence, lodges. One either is or is not a member, and one becomes a Beta, Phi Belt or Feegee only after rather more formality than a simple change of address. For my own part, much as I enjoy living in the Beta house, if I must be called Gl-anything Greek, I should prefer a couple of other
University Presbyterian Church ' North Street, near Grant John W. Findley, Minister. Evelyn Shell, Choir Director. Virginia Branting, Organist. At 9:30) the discussion group will meet with Dr. Graves in the church lounge. At 10:30, Morning Worship. Sermon theme, “The Blessing and the Curse.” The choir will sing, “The Cherubim Song,” by Bortniansky. At 5:30, the Sunday Evening Club and the Choir will meet at tlje church and go together to the picnic ground back of the stadium for a picnic and a songfest. Servicemen are especially invited.
Pope Against Dictators Speaking from an enemy Country, the Pope could not of coui’S.e unburden himself of his innermost feelings toward the Axis, but Archbishop Spellman told friends that he manifested hi$ contempt for Hitler and Mussolini in subtle ways. He was extremely depressed about the state of affairs in Europe and once confessed to his former seci’etary: “I’m very lonesome and worried. I wish you could come over and visit me because I need your advice very much.” It was shortly after this that Archbishop Spellman left to visit the. Pope and to take up his new duties as “military vicar” of Catholic chaplains of foreign war fronts. In the light of the foregoing background, his itinerary is interesting. After flying to Lisbon and thence to Madrid, a Spanish plane carried him to Milan, Italy, from where he was driven to the Vatican with an escort of Italian soldiers. In several of his trans-Atlantic talks with Archbishop Spellman, Pius XII mentioned Russia and expressed hope that some way could be found to bring about a religious accord which would endure in post-war years. The Pope made it clear that he looked to President Roosevelt to blaze the trail. , When this was made known to Roosevelt shortly before Archbishop Spellman’s departure; the President pledged his whole-hearted assistance. He urged the church leader to act as his personal intermediary with the Vatican and make a full report to him on his, return to the United States. . ■ . ”
Present plans call for direct negotiations by the U. S. Ambassador in Moscow, with the possibility that the Pope may send a personal envoy to talk things over with Premier Stalin. : (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Wesley Foundation Sunday School at 9:30. At 10:40 Rev. E. R. Balsley will preach at the First Methodist Church. The sermon: “Rejected or Accepted Visions'’.
Sunday evening: Fellowship Supper cents per person. Discussion at 6:30. Vespers at 7:20—over by 7:35. Servicemen and cadettes as well as all other students are welcome.
L.S.A.A. The Luthern Students Devotion Meeting will he held Sunday at 7:30 p. nii in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union.
Today And Tomorrow..
Last Thursday morning when we were informed that it was our privilege and honor to be riews editor for the next two semesters, we te}t that a Ipnged for occasion had arrived. - ' All those adjectives applied to us in the last issue were a little idealistic, and quite a bit exaggerated, for the real hard work and sound journalistic sense which will make the paper respected, and of most importance, read by University students, must come from the junior editorial staff members. For it is their responsibility that the paper comes out on
schedule.
Ip. order to have complete news coverage of the campn- Kuth, Jack, Katie, Mag and Peg will need cooperation from students and faculty members both. With that they will really go to town. Some time soon, it is quite possible that the ratio of service men to students will exceed the present value of one and consequently more news concerning them will appear ip tbe
Exponent.
Our aipis and hopes for the paper are bigb. put .with constantly changing conditions it is harri to say just what will happen. A lot will fall by the waysjde, butrihere is one which will remain until the second longed for day arrives. It is to be able to reijort the end of the Second World War.—w.h.t.
4. “More applied specialties must be developed from the field of liberal arts. Extension should include, for example, greater use of psychology applied to personnel work, impi’oved time and motion studies, and sociology applied to social services and gerieral welfare work.” i
Here at the University, attention is also focused on post-war educational methods and courses. When we asked Prof. Hockema, the assistant to the president, about his opinions on the de-emphasizing of the liberal arts and the over-playing of technical courses, he replied that, at present, the nation’s colleges are forced to teach programs set up by the army and by the navy which are streamlined to train specialists to do specific tasks. Of necessity, these programs contain almost no cultural coursesj which make for a full education, because all attention has been turned toward winning the war as soon as possible. The future seems to be very well taken care of. But, what about the present ? What about the students in the V-12 and the ASTP who are missing these arts courses and will not return to college after the war ? That’s where the American spirit comes in. The United States has always been a land of free enterprise, and most of our industrial leaders have been proud to boast that they were “selfmade” men. You men of V-12 and the ASTP face the task of rounding out your liberal arts education alone. How will you meet the challenge?—b.w.s, 4
OBERON THAT
^ BVRCfSS aUnEDlIH
— ALSO — MARCH OF TIME 'INSIDE FASCIST SPAIN'
— LAST TIMES TODAY ''BILLY TH£ KID RIDES AGAIN'
'BOSTON BLACKIE GOES HOLLYWOOD"
'G-MEN vs. BLACK DRAGON, No. 6" ■
'PATHE NEWS'
LAST TIMES TODAY^ \
'Army, Navy, Marine News
Saturday, July Bl, 194B louey From Story Of Basic Bum Starts Continuous Tale After Hearing Skoit's Chatter
By Pvti-^Joe C. Brliel
Maybe you’re wondering what and who I am, so I will introduce mysetf_ta4s®Ji*JM[e^ am what is laughingly called a “basic”. My name is Louey/^d I comes from Brooklyn. You knew what Brooklyn is, I hope. That’s de forty-ninth state. JDe land of them lovely bums. Possibly, maybe, perhaps, you don*t know what a “basic” is, so I ■ will also explain every little bit uation, so I ankles up to dem, and to you, De best way of explain- de conversation which follows goes ing de entire matter would be
For Service-Men, By Service Men \
0»S”(3sw4 ' OUV SiVv/\Ct
by teling of the oc^urance which happened about two week’s ago. If you will all gather
“Pardon me, fair ladies,” that’s me, always a gent, “but we overhoid your chatter and we ^wishes to
, set you right on de entire matter of
around I will relate this episode to including de care and feed-
Fowr 4STP Sections Lead In SoHball - First day’s play of the navy intramural softball schedule was cancelled at the last moment Thursday evening, and so all games scheduled for that time will be played next Tuesday. Twenty-four games have been ^Scheduled by AST men and to date 15 have been played. Sections C3, C6, and D1 and A5 have each won two games and stand at the head of the league. Eegularly scheduled games will be played Monday. Winner To Receive Trophy
Sailors of the Electrical School are in the njjdcyie of a double elimination contest/ the y^inners of whicb will receive a trophy and a medal wjll be presented to each player on tjie wipning team. Companies 12 and 1,3 are participating in the contest which is expected to end sometime next wa^k. Registration Workers Students who~worfeed for the Registrar during the Navy Registration may obtain their checks by calling'at the Registrar’s Office.
ASTB Psychology Class Hoars Dietz Discussion
Lectures Now Cover Subi0^ On Newest Training Programs
The Forum I By Pfc. (Jabriel Elias IVORY TOWERS III
Editor’s Note: The ]F^rxin;i id the seryiee man’s personal column. Sliould he asrree,
you which will then clear up de en-
tire question.
Girlish Gibberish
ing of de same.’’ ‘ Attentive Skoits Hear All
De skoits make it known that
Whilst dragging olf to class in they are ready to hear more, so I / me early morning daze one bright proceed in this manner, and sunny morning, Hoiman, Hoi- “Foist of all, I will give you a man’s my-pal, and me was walking definition of a basic. A “basic” is a along minding everybody’s busi- “character”, a non-zoot-suit characness, but when all of a sudden we ter which is hep to de jive and who hears some girlish gibberish. One cooks on de mellow side with a solid of dem skoits was pointing at Hoi- beat. Me and Hoiman are both man. Hoiman don’t like to be characters and proud of it. To mgke pointed at, he’s sensitive. Anyways de entire matter much clearer, I she was making with de chatter as ^jil relate an average day of a.
follows.
“Geez, Mary, look there’s another one. Wonder what he is. Funny looking character ain’t he ? ” “Gripes, Betty, I ain’t got de '.slightest notion,” says de other Skoit, “maybe he’s a moron. He sure looks like one.” Skoits Start Blitz Now Hoiman, he don’t lijce to be called a moron to his face. Of course I sees her side of de story. Foist time I gazed upon Holman’s face I made de same error. Anytvays, Hoiman is all set to pulverize de skoit when I stops him with a gentle kick to de lower region of his tear dignity. Now Hoiman, he don’t like to be kicked there, so he halts his blitz and we go into a palaver session. I figure dem skoits should i)e set straight about de entire sit-
“basic”. Since I don’t like to talk about myself, I will take Hoiman for an example. I will entitle me story, “Hpiman’s Avei’age Day,” or “What Hoiman does When He Ain’t
Sleep’ll”.
To Be Continued
Notice
Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and Septem^fer 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
THE UNION IS AT YOUR SERVICE EOR RELAXATION, SO DROP IN AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE OPPORTUNITIES OFFERED YOU.
READ YOUR FAVORITE BOOKS IN THE
Uncensored When We Come Bacl^ The Girl Back Home WILL she be there, to be had—as we dream she’ll be, OR, as before, WILL she hold out for better buy—now that the boys are back ? WILL we endear her and love her as jewel not to be lost, OR WILL we demand again that she be this and do just that ? Trench Thoughts Before the army we sniffed and scorned—^for all girl (except the beauts) were but “dogs”. Now a gal’s a girl for all that, and her beauty’s never questioned. All forms in dress are beyond norms; their pull’s not denied. What’s the reason? Bio or slush? The Pick Up When our eyes espy rhythmic movemept, WILL they settle on ample hips and rest until the figure fades, OR WILL we snicker in disdain', “Too fat to rattle so”. If she turns instead of runs, and intercepts our glance with looks her own—WILL our eyes soften with due desire and our face relax open grin—that beckons boldly, unabashed, until she quits and runs away, or sends back that “c’mon” smile. OR WILL our eyes fall to the ground, our face redden, our bodies droop dismayed ? Then, when she gyrates away, WILL her beauty remain a joyous desire—a dream to stir our sleep, ^ OR WILL we find the grapes sour and disclaim interest, or rue our lack of nerve ? On the Make When at a party or a dance, WILL we gently meet the first girl with blooming youth and healthy swing from top to tips, OR WILL we stag along the walls and decide, “Each one’s too corny for our love?” , Then, when phoning the lady (thus) met, WILL we plead pretty please for company, OR WILL we blurt, “C’mon, sis. Got two tickets.—You're lucky kid. Hop it, babe, you’ll get a treat ?” In the theatre, WILL our arms hug her round and our hearts ravish her promised fruits, OR WILL we play gidgy finger with her hand and foi'ce ' I engrossment in the picture to gain talk for later on ? After the show WILL we drive directly afar—under the clear moon where nature keeps mellow watch, OR WILL we nibble a Loft’s sandwich, take her home and peck her lips good-bye? And, after while, when time is ripe and she mentions kids , and home and such, WILL we puff with pride and bless the virtues of domestic bliss, OR WILL we run with fear lest the bachelor's vii'tue we hold so dear be blotched by the claws of that “damned queer” ? The Army Was Never Like This Finally when we’re collared and tied, WILL we run happily home to lovely wife, kids like us and playful pups, OR WILL we damn the yoke’s control—and detest, too, the woman’s commands, her baby’s yelps and his must’s mess—and, in despair will be exclaim ever more, “Sir, I wanna go back to the army. The army was never like this,” —Pfc. GE
Another practical tie-in with the classroom studies given the ASTP trainees in Personnel Psychology was provided. T'tMaf
disagree ,r net care, we wp.^ like to jenow. aftcriioon, whcH the entire group of Hiore than one hundred &rtnt'^<^t"i^‘"rMwn“'’““thid^^ Boldiers heard the concluding speaker of the Industrial Trainfenetrignro^!* Biiidinl^We^H’ h(V H Conference, which was held here at the University, oitt iu this eoippin. “Training Program Development” was the topic, providing SERGEANT FROM MISSOURI progressive A hard-boiled Sergeant who has ^deas ip a field specifically be- dends in the way of great acednr-
read “The Forum” cornered me in ing covered at this time by plishment.
a talk-fest featuring democracy. At classroom lectures. ProfesSOr “Results have shown, thoughj” first, we could agree only that, this Lawshe of the psychology de- said, “that continued bfcolumn notwithstanding, it is im- ^artment who instructs the necessary; that these possible to teach coeds the demo- WbO instructs tne advantages will not necessarily concratic art of distributing their af- course m Occupational and Voca- tinue of their own momentum, and fections equally. Solemnly we con- tional Psychology, received the co- therein is the field for training men eluded that natural differences in a of various other depart- to apply themselves. The mam goal man's love-making abilities must be making it possible for all jg not to tell how all is to be done recogpized.andi that geniuses of love psychology students to training and provide help, but
attend. rather to teach the training man
how to help himself, and training
must be rewarded. Yes, yes, the
key to democracy rests on granting Walter Dietz, Speaker
to all males an equal opportunity to woo—not on issuing a dole of
love.
“So you agree with me,” I inter-
jected.
“Bunk, man,” he joshed. “Didn’t you read the quotation from Jefferson in “The Forum?” Equality of opportunity cannot exist without its two ingredients, equality of training and equality of placement (according to ability) after training.” There we were back in our Ivory
Towers!
“You don’t mean to say that we
Walter Dietz, a graduate of the men how to help each other,” Super-
University and Director of Industrial Relations for Western Electric Co., was the speaker. His information emphasized the practical aspects' of a field with which he is in
visory training is the major effort of the Training Within Industry Service, and the ba^ic skills needed for such supervisors were discussed. Mr. Dietz prefaced his training
closest possible touch, by reason of talk by telling of some of his exhis present position as associate di- periences in personnel work in the rector of the Training Within In- last war, when such efforts were in dustry Service, War Manpower their beginning.
Commission.
“Industrial training is the specific part which stresses the general education of schools and universities,” Mr. Dietz stated by way of
Schedule Of Events
Saturday, July 31
3-6 p. m.; 7-10 p. m.—Puttering Shop, located in the basement of the Union Building, will be open to servicemen who enjoy puttering in
had brought into the training field, paintings, crafts, clay modeling and
, , , , ” how a practical approach had hot photography. All supplies for the ® V I . . only proved to be a very definite water color and oil pamtine, clay you expect the have-nots to give up v . -j i . a- ■ at a 1 f „ v. V 1 • f necessity, but had paid large divi- modeling, leather and wood< crafts
don’t have equality of training in Ple^cing the function of their ser-
vices. He stressed the swift advancement that concentrated study
the United States,” I argued as I recounted the phenomenal progress of public education in our country
bread-earning for book-learning ? Impossible, poor private. Can the son of a private stop eating to at-
tend a public university?”
I answered at length, quoting the nient. Have you^ forgotte
Horatio Algers in America who
have risen from rags to riches.
“Latrine, strictly latrine,” he ridi-
are fumished by the Union. Photographic supplies with exception of paper will also be furnished. Servicemen may visit the Puttering Shop anytime between 3-6 p. m.'and 7-10 p. m. Members of the Applied
adaptation of these programs, we would still lack equality ef place-
n the de-
pression years when students graduated into a sea of unemployment?
Only those with ‘connections’ were Design staff and several local arable to get placed in the fields for be on hand to answer ^ea-
culed, pushing his burly hand before tio„s. . -
my ace. > peted with the untrained for nonThough angered by this bit of typ- existant unskilled joba.” ical non-com gruffness, I tried to answers to this unpleasant answer him with the superior logic j-gcollection of past histoiy were possessed only by privates; but he countered with the chant, “You wouldn’t listen until, in a moment education, you joik.”
In desperation I tried the same approach that had silenced the baboon befo^-e. “You must admit the ASTP and V program do train for specific work in accordance with the
ThirnlrVeserWancIto the“humrn q^ffc^tions and that placement “stTelt^ Lafa“yei‘teT’lmto race was too much for the Sergeant, Sunday, August 1
He replied with a defensive condescension that made me think that, because of his animal-like instincts, he smelled a truth I could not quite conceive. “You’re a sweet kid.” He
of KP-like inspiration, I blurted, “How about the ASTP and V pro-
grams ?”
He stopped and brought his claws to his head in a posture reminiscent of primitive man chasing a louse
7:30 p. m.—“Coed Capers.” Entertainment by oi'ganized women houses under the direction of A. P.
Stewart in Music Hall.
8:30 p. m.—Dancing in both ballrooms of the Union Bujlding for all trainees sponsored by Women’s Pan Hellenic. South Ball—Open to all Trainees. North Ballroom—^Admis-
sion to couples only.
8:30 p. m.—USO dance in USO Lounge, Murdock Building, 6th and
so he finally I’everted to his true rank and baiked, “These programs won’t mean a thing after the war. They’re too good to be true.” Encouraged by the spark of hu-
Consult church directory on bulr letin boards for local services. Campus services for servicemen will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall (instead of Music Haliy during
man-ness (primitive though it was) putted my head with Frankenstein- month of August.
I had witnessed on his pan, I replied, “I prefer to hope for and help achieve an ideal rather than laugh it off as impossible.”
like friendliness. “So you expect the aimy way to become the right way.”
“Why not?” I challenged.
“Ok, ok, private. You gotta show
“Cut the dramatics!” he snapped, me, brother.”
“What if equality of training were In all seriousness I
to be univei’sally realized through again, “I prefer to hope and help.” uled for Saturday.
Catholic Service—8:30 a. m. Protestant Service—9:30 a. m.’^ Jewish Service—10:30 a. m. 2-5 p. m.—Puttering Shop in Un-
ion basement will be open to scff-
conclqded vicemen. Program same as sched-
BROWSING ROOM Service lyieii To Appreciate Discipline
HEAR YOUR FAVORITE MUSIC IN THE MUSIC ROOM 1 JfVL _ ' 'I (pmdtuL TBmuruat lAmmc The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias The first initials a recruit learns in the services are CS. That’s his way of complaining against the new form oUdiscipline to which he is required to conform. So stunned is he by the sudden change of life that he is not likely to realize that there is nothing new to his adhering to the disciplinary demands of authority. All his life he has been addressing people as, “Mr.”, “Miss”, or other conventional manner; he has attended the churches sanctioned by the authority of his parents and prayed on the days decreed by the Church; he has stopped for traffic lights, refrained from wooing the wife of his neighbor and even burned his corn pursuant to governmental regulation. All this because of the discipline of ordinary civilian life. Eventually, therefore, the serviceman understands that what has happened is that there has been substituted for the authority of Home, Society, Church and Government in civilian ife the authority of a new social unit that embraces all those authorities in one well-or-ganized, planned system. ^ Time Brings Appreciation Nor is this all. With time there comes an appreciation of the nature and the hugeness of the task of the services, and with that apprecia-
tion, the understanding that, without the kind of discipline imposed by our Services, even the modicum of freedom servicemen now enjoy would be absent. It takes time for most men to reach this truth, for it runs counter to all their prior training; but those who can divorce themselves of the prejudices and restricting thinking blocks acquired in-The course of life, gather the following glimpses: Army Brings Restriction Unfortunately the aim and purpose of the Services must of necessity result in restriction of freedom. War requires unquestioned loyalty and obedience in order to permit the rapid unified action of tremendous numbers of men. Only by regulating lives minutely and training masses of mobs to cooperate as soldiers, sailors and marines can the Services prosecute their war-time functions. The Aims and Needs of the Services cannot be changed. Only the methods are alterable. Therefore, the Services can strive only to bring to the servicemen that freedom from mob anardhy that prevails when discipline falters. In the absence of discipline the members of a fighting Unit would experience the gangster-like control that prevails when brothers combat each other
instead of combining their energies in a joyous, unified drive against the enemy. True Authority That the recruit should understand discipline only as the imposition of the Will of another,—as a sort of dictatorial control—is to be expected in view of the strange misunderstanding of the functions of discipline that ordinarily .prevails. Too often people think of instances where a person of authority exercises his power unreasonably or, worse yet, in a way entirely divorced from the main aim of winning the war. That these incidents are rare, nobody denies, but they make better gossip than the true exercise of authority where the official directs every movement towards the one goal. In thi^, therefore, lies the distinction that the simple-minded fail to make: When authority is abused by imposition of unnessarily curbing regulations or by directing conduct that has no relation to the war effort, the directives thus made do not differ from the tyrannical acts of a despot or a dictator.. But these instances, besides being rare, are attributable to human error and not to any defects inherent in the system of discipline. On the othei', most discipline consists of proper-
ly imposed regulations which aim only to win the war; in such instances the exercise of authority is as democratic as apy known to man. In fact, there can be no purer democracy than one that is disciplined, for only through discipline can the tyranny of anarchy be curbed. Obey Impulses? The natural urge of Pithecanthropus Erectus (man’s monkeylike sire), for instance, would undoubtedly be to obey his primitive impluses of looting the first home he sees, wooing the prettiest bride, and destroy anybody who attempts to stop him. In his time. Pithy could act as he desired, for his era was one of anarchy in which only the strongest survived. The only disciplinary force was the might of muscle. Today we are substituting th^ discipline of law (be it in the form of army regulations, bureau regulations, executive orders or usual legislaired laws) for the anar^y of disorganized society where thagmwer of possessions and privile^a^le. It is this policy, for instaif^ that was reflected in the Anti-Trust campaign initiated by Teddy Roosevelt. As the world becomes small enough to make it possible for a world discipline to arise» a further
application of this principle is growing in the consciousness of the people. Wars have always been an imposition on the people. With each War there has come a more 'convinced understanding that Wars represent the tyrannical dictatorial imposition of the Will of a war-Iov-ing enemy that has compelled the peace-loving^ nation to' forsake its civilian pursuits of construction, for the bloody war time job of destruction. Obviously, then, only a growing discipline among nations that requires nations to submit to law and authority can free the world's people from continually engaging in abhorrent wars. For is it not much better to legislate away conflicts than to settle them by prolonged wars that bring tyrannical demands! It’s a long way from blind disapproval of everything military and naval to an attitude that not only accepts discipline but also realiaea that there can be no demuq^aoy in the Home, iq the Town, in the Nation, in the Services or in the World without a form of discipline that substitutes the equality and protae-s tion of law for the tyranny of anarchy where the power of brawn, position, privilege poapppitlq®* command. thewi, and others areroo,"*I
).
V --
> f
I
).
Gridders Prepare For Contact Work Approximately 100 football aspirants have been working out nightly for the last two weeks or so, with the thought of being in the best of physical condition when the actual contact work
begins next Wednesday.
Weather conditions have been most favorable for the Riveter football squad in that only one day’s work was lost, and that day was far from wasted for ■
Coach Elmer Burnham «pent T|ur
that afternoon at the black- OClieaUieS board in a skull session for the — - - - — squad. Fraternity Badminton The spirit and enthusiasm Fraternity Badminton will be that has been displayed by all the J again Tuesday evening, Au-
gust 3 at 6:45. Some of the houses
75 Players Report lowansToHave For Football Drills More Sessions At Northwestern Of Scrimmage
candidates during the entire practice has pleased the Boilermaker coaches very much. Spectators are surprised to see the pep and energy
that the players have exhibited, for , , ,, , , ,, , . 1 , , men out and they must do so by these past two weeks have been ~ , . . . j. • xi.
have already played two or three of their games, and the rest of these will be finished Tuesday evening. Some houses have not sent their
Tuesday in order to get into the tournament. After that time it will be impossible to enter. Please see that two men from each house are on the floor at the time scheduled.
All Campus Tennis Singles
The following matches must be
played off this week end:
Jim Crothers, 75831 vs. Ray Mox’-
quite hot, and have been far from being conductive to the playing of
football.
Players Learn Plays
Probably one of the reasons why so much enthusiasm has been displayed is the fact that the players are anxious to learn the plays well before the scrimmage starts Wednesday. Bui'nham informed the
players when practice started that 71904
he intended to pick the squad of Warren Easley, 51583 vs. W.
thirty-five to forty gridders at the Watters, 71644
end of the week of scrimmage that Larry Kaplan, 3968 vs. R. L. May-
would form the varsity team next 45103
fall. R. E. Rawlings, 6860 vs. W. J.
Although it is difficult to name Pederson
outstanding players while watching Gordon Gifford, 3301 vs. R. W.
the team run through signal drills P^att, 8444
and play formations without any Wunder, 2670 vs. Ed Wells,
contact work, several of the Rivet- 4031
ers from last season have been impi’essive with their work. The running of Ed Cycenas, the only returning major letterman, and Bill Stuart, a minor letter winner, has been very good as has the passing of Ray Schultz who is coming up from the freshman team. Schultz
H. R. Horner, 71061 vs. L. Holtzman, 4916 ^ B. Hirschberg, 5230 vs. R. W. Ab-
bott
Unless these matches are played and results turned in to the Intramural Office by Monday morning, entrants will be dropped from the
was a standout in the intra-squad tournament. These matches will ab-
game that was played this past solutely not be scheduled again. spring. 5 Newcomers Perform Well All Campus Golf Among the newcomers to the ^he following matches must be campus who have been performing pl^yed off over the week-end and rewell are Hoffman, Baughman and reported to the Intramural OfBushemi at ends and Vacant!, Park- Monday morning:
• Championship Flight
John Sines, 2875 vs. Chas. Lamb,
5814
J. D. Harrison, 8286 vs. H. R. Roberts, 66024
“A” Flight
Mario Mansueto vs. M. L. Cl^vett,-
2875
Larry LaBree, 3076 vs. Dan
Giuld, 3076 “B” Flight
R. D. Martin, 41342 vs. Nick Kup-
chick, 6996
Ward Horseshoes
The Ward Horseshoe Singles is
er, and Milla in the backfield. There are undoubtly many more candidates who are worthy of note, and the scrimmages that start on Wednesday will tend to make these men more prominent in the eyes of
everyone.
Freberg, Kemler I Write New Text For M. E. School Dr. C. Roger Freberg and Dr.
Emory N. Kemler of the School of scheduled for Wednesday evening. Mechanical Engineering are the August 4 at 4:15. However, at presjoint authors of a new textbook en- ent not enough contestants have titled “Elements of Mechanical Vi- signed up to start the event. Entry brations”, published by John Wiley blanks are posted on the bulletin and Sons. board in the Men’s Gym and anyone The text covers a field in which wishing to enter should sign up by
there is very little written at the Tuesday morning. undergraduate level. It discusses in
detail the more elementary phases of vibrations and reduces them to a form in which they caq be applied to practical problems. Although there are many problems in the field of vibrations which can be solved only by using the methods of advanced mechanics, there are also many problems which may be solved by using only the simpler form of differential equations, the approximate methods developed, or
the mobility method.
Three Methods Can Be Mastered These three methods of solution can be mastered by engineers and students without training in advanced mathematics. The more common problems requiring only these simple methods include isolation of equipment and determination of natural frequencies of a great many different types of sys-
tems.
This book is the basis of a course offered in the School of Mechanical Engineering; the course has proved
Fraternity Softball August 2, 1943—6:45
Diamond—
1 Acacia vs. Navy Flight 1 2 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sig-
ma Alpha Mu
3 A.T.O. & Phi Sigma Kappa vs.
Alpha Sigma Phi
4 Theta Chi & Pi Kappa Alpha
vs. Delta Tau Delta
5 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Navy
Flight 2
6 Phi Kappa Sigma & Sigma Nu vs. Lambda Chi Alpha & Sigma
Pi
7 Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon
Phi
8 Pi Kappa Phi & Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle 9 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi
Sigma Theta
10 Phi Kappa Psi & Kappa Sig-
ma vs. Theta Xi
Summer football practice opened at Northwestern University this week when a squad of 75 players, most of whom are members of the Navy V-12 ti-aining unit, reported for the two weeks’ session. The drill got underway without the presence of Coach Llynn Waldorf who was called to Thousand Islands, N. Y., where his father. Bishop Ernest L, Waldorf of the Methodist Church, is seriously ill. Wes Fry In Charge During Waldorf’s absence the practice will be in charge of Wes Fry, backfield coach, who will be assisted by Coaches Dutch Lonberg and Waldo Fisher.-The purpose of the summer practice is to enable the coaching staff to become acquainted with the new men in the Navy unit who have been transferred from other schools. It is expected that nearly half of the 1943 squad’''will be made up of newcomers who are taking the specialized training program. T^he unit :3onsists of 1,200 men, 300 of whom are Marine officer candidates. Men in the unit will be permftfed to devote the daily one and one half hour recreation period to intercollegiate sports provided they are doing satisfactory scholastic work. Many Lettermen Back Most of the 15 lettermen from last year’s Northwestern team are in the Navy unit. Among last year’s players in uniform are Don Buffmire, Dud Kean, Lynne McNutt, Nick Vodick, Erwin Weingartner, and Harry Franck, backs; Harold Hudson, George App, and Len Golan, centers; Ray Vincent, tackle; John Gent and Frank Genovese, guards, and Bob Wallis, end. The ranks will be swelled by a number of new men from other schools in the middlewesTern area. Nearly a dozen players who were members of last year’s Mtnpesota team are members of the Marine unit. Among the former Gophers available are Herman Frickey, halfback; Herb Hein and Larry Halenkamp, ends; John Bicanich, Charles Dellago, and Bob Graiziger, guards; Bob Barnes, fullback, and Jerry Carle, quarterback. Former players from Nebraska in the Marine unit are Joe Pai’tington, center; Dwayne Domeier, tackle; Ed Nyden, end; Harry Reichel, half; A1 and Marv Grubaugh and George Wright, guards, and Vic Clark, end. Some 10 former Denver players headed by Joe Cribari, center, are also available. _/ Hot Pilot Cary Hall The army has its colors, the navy has its blue. The marines can hold their standards mighty highBut look into the heavens, it’ll thrill you through and through, The Air Corps is the color of the
sky!
They can say that they’re not jeal-
ous.
What a sad disgusting lie, ’Cause they’d give a million dollars For just one chance to fly. I’ve had my chance, but I muffed it, “Washed out”, fell by the way^ But I’d rather be pushin’ them tin
cans.
Than be here in this damn place today. It’s not just the glory of flying. Ask any of the fellows who fly, And there’s certainly no glory in
dying
I guess you can’t understand
why!
Four more scrimmages will be distributed through the two remaining weeks of summer football practice at the University of Iowa, as the Hawkeyes follow the amended Big Ten rule regarding contact
work.
Director E. G. Schroeder has explained that the conference rule first read that contact work could be held only during the final week of practice. Coaches, however, declared that such a procedure would be hard on the players because of too many scrimmages in succession. Amended Scrimmage Rule Faculty representatives, at a later meeting, amended the rule to read that six contact work periods could be distributed throughout the four-week periods. Iowa players had such work July 21 and 23, during their second week of summer practice. Terming lack of competitive experience as one of the greatest handicaps of his players. Coach “Slip” Madigan believes that they will learn quickly during the scrimmages. Much attention also is devoted to dummy scrimmage, with careful execution of plays, minus contact. Additional work will be concentrated upon the linemen, who apparently are most in need of development. Only injury to date was a head cut suffered by Bob Liddy, the only major letter man on the squad. This kept him out of the second scrimmage but is not expected to trouble him this week.
“Contact, she’s off ? To her doom ? ? You see her roll straight down the runway. Her wheels off the ground, she’s away! Then you just sit there a wonderin’ If I could just fly her that way. What happened ? Did you go crazy ? Why couldn’t you do what you’re told ? You would have been flying an angel—• Straight down to the valley of gold! Why didn’t you jump in, fly to battle? And teach them a lesson or Uvo—■ You better keep pushin’ your tin cans. They’ve got their job to do too. But there’s no sense talkin’ to you gnys, You’re just too damn dumb to see. I feel better pushin’ them tin cans. And, bud, you can take it from me. Torvance J. McCaffeiy (WOC) Batl. C. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Army Owls, ' Note: The following is respectfully dedicated to the two fine, large owls kept last summer at the Army War College, Washington, D. C. The Cross-Eyed Owl This is the tale of tbe horrible fate Of the owl, whose circular, luminous orbs V Didn’t mate. Instead of a round-eyed, piercing sharp stare By day—and by night a hypnotic
glare.
His peepers short-circuited somewhere in air— Didn’t pair. Yes, sir, just an ill-suited optical
team,
Cooperation was lacking, their headlampy gleam Was not on the level, but definitely
went
Off the beam. No wonder indeed in his case of the
blues;
Such worry! Each move that he took made him choose One twin from another, for his visions would come All in two’s! Imagine! You meet with these angle-joined eyes. They look at you singly, but won’t synchronize, (Instead of a wise look, this owly just looked Crosswise.) Alack, though, one day when his soul was aglow With some rosy owl dream, he debated too slow Deciding which one of two trees that he saw Was so. He wasn’t quite certain how many he’d seen. And his owl-like mind wasn’t working so keen, ^o, for lack of a choice ’twixt two, he went— In between. His judgment iff this case was certainly punk. The^’e was just the one tree, and the fool thing was sunk Five feet in the earth, so strong— (how sad)— Kerplunk! But wait, kind friend, hold the tear that just fell! There’s an ironic note in the tolling death knell. For, in death did they part—yes, too late did they jell Parallel. Ah, well. What the hell! —Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting. A bus patron in New Orleans from his window, planted a sound slap on one of two carriage horses standing at the curb. Police listed resultant damage from the scared horses as one taxi fender knocked off, one fire plug battered, one police car damaged^—a !fl50 spanking. Tsk, tsk, that’ll teach him to get
fresh.
Try An Exponent Classified!
HealthService Reports
f
student Health Service announces' the release of the following from the Women’s Residence Hall Infirmary: Martha Ann Buck, Evelyn M. Hamil, Louise H. Welles. Ralph T. Brower and Raymond F. Summers entered the Home Hospital. ,, Student' Health Service has announced the entrance into the Home Hospital of the following patients: Pfc. Knowles Dickey, Mary Mapes, ' Cpl. Garland Hostetter, Martha Buck, Evelyn Hamil, Pvts. Billy Hull and Edward Mertz, Ruth Nolze, and Louise Welles. Reported discharged from the hospital was Andrew Nelson. Jeannette Simonson and Dixie Hibbott were admitted to the hospital and discharged the same day. WAVES do the most astounding things. One female sailor stationed at Bloomington put a shirt button in her drinking cup for safe keeping. But as is usually the case she became thirsty. Too bad she forgot where she had put that button.
Notices
AH Students! Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the r^iMration for the semi-term, August 81 and September 1, will please leave their names at
the desk in the Registrar’s
Chi Eta Epsilon: Meeting Monday, August 2, at 4 p. m. in Chem and Met imilding. Election of pledges, —REYNOLDS Student Union: All petitions due Friday, July 30, at 6 p. m. All eligible sophomores report to office Monday, August 2, at 4 p. m, to take test. All interviews will be held Tuesday, August 3, at 5 p. ih. Banquet and elections will follow interviews, —GEE Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation for the summer term pledges will be held Monday, August 2, at 6 p. m. in the Union. The room will be announced in Saturday’s E^tponent. Each pledge must attend this initiation if he wishes to become a member. There we no exceptions. . -YINGST Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting to elect new officers Monday aflcrnbon, August 2, afr4:30 in Exponent office. _bos^i1,klE Phi Kappa Psi: All members welcome at smoker held at Kappa Sigma house Saturday afternoon, July 31, from 4 o’clock on. ^ —ARMSTRONG Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, August 6, room 303 of the Union,
> —LAYTON
• Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Wednesday, August 4, at 7:80 p. m. in main lecture room. Electrical Engineering Building. All persons interested in Radio Club are ufged
to attend. Film will be shown.
—PAGLIARULO
Gimlet Club: Actives and pledges meet at Sigma Phi Epsilon house Wednesday, August 4, at 8 :30 p. m. for initiation. Each pledge must bring towel, paddle, full box and initiation fee. —BUTSCH Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation will be on Thursday, August 6, dt 7 p. m. in room 356 of the Union. Please be there. There will not be a banquet. —MILLER Reamer Club: Meeting to elect new officers will be held Monday, August 2, at 7 :80
in room 302 of the Union.
—BOSWINKLE
Senate Workers: Sophomore Senate workers’ petitions for junior positions are due. 'They wilT be accepted up to Wednesday, August 4 -THOMAS
Classified
Ads
Typewriters: Adding maemnes, all mal^ Bold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done, C. J. Ebershoff, 606 MalQt
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luKffage, typewriters. Albert's Loan
Office, ifO? Columbia.
Staff Members: Members who wish copies o£ the new catalogue may get them by telephoning the editors' office or calling in person. —BODDEN AH Fraternities: Any fraternity that has given up its house for the duration and would like to use the Student Senate office for chapter metings should get in touch with A1 Lindskoog at 2963.
—LINDSKOOG
Freshman Engineers: Students in GE 1 and GE 2 will meet Saturday, July 31, at 8 a. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engi^neering building. Freshman engineers who are not registered in GE 1 and GE 2 are urged to attend this meeting. Plans for semi-term and other important items w\ll be explained. —KNAPP
Tau Beta Pi: The summer term initiation Rewdrd for information leading to the rebanquet will be held Monday, August 2, at covery of dark red spnng-fork knee-action 6:30 p. m. at Biltz’. All actives, pledges bicycle taken from the west door of the and faculty members of the fraternity are Union building Tuesday night (July 20). invited. —YINGST Shinklo. Phone 71334.
striking new color-beauty for Ii|i8
New color for lips that will bring new excitement to your days... new rhythm to your nights! "Flame Swept Red,” for instance, lights a heavenly holocaust that will melt any heart. "Golden Mauve,” "Powder Blue Fuchsia,” "Dragon’s Blood Ruby” and "Exotic Pink” are the four other choices, and each is wrapped in Chen Yu’s reputation for terrific staying power.
It’s the thrill
humming’—
Those dirty burned oil fumes.
DOROTHY LAMOUR is starred with BING CROSBY in Paramount’s
of those Allisons rousing Technicolor musical about minstrel men and their ladies, “Dixie,”
which comes tomorrow to the Lafayette Theatre. Twelve songs (six new,
six old favorites) are in the film.
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
Army Softball
August 2, 1943—6:45
to be very popular and is becoming Diamond-
gram and the Ai Training Program.
Placemeni- Nofes For Women
tions at the National Bureau of Standards at Washington, D. C. for technical aides in quai’tz crystals
(Trainees) at $1620 per year plus to leave home and take jobs as do-
11
A 7
VS
. B 7 & 8
12
A 1
vs
B 2
13
A 2
vs
B 3
14
A 3
vs
B 4
15
A 4
vs
B 5
16
A 5
vs
. B 6
17
A 6
vs
C 1
18
B 1
vs
. C 2
19 .
C 3
vs
D 4
20
C 4
vs
D'2
21
C 5
vs ..
C 7
22
C 6
vs
D 1
Remember how
farm
girls used
over-time pay. Persons interested mestics
in the city? Well, Eula
in this may receive further infer- Priaulz, housemaid at a statejnstimation at Placement Service for tution, asked for and obtained a sixWomen (2955). month leave of absence. ■ Irene Feldt, Director. She said she wanted to take care
of her farm.
'IRY AN EXPONENT Poor excuses are better than CLASSIFIED none.
Mars now playing.
After being blown through a window by a bursting shell and stunned by a 14-foot fall during the bombardment of Sand Island, Marine Staff Sergeant Dale Lester Peters of Breckenridge, Michigan, struggled to remove large aerial bombs from nearby burning hangars. He has been awarded the Navy Cross for exceptionally meritorious service and disregard of bis own safety during this action. What hardships are you willing to disregard to invest in Payroll Savings?