M i i
-11* if
i f t
»)
%
V6’4!=5f
R'weters
^ I "" - ^ *■
In Dads Day Gama
I J ■? -^ r
Volume 53« No. 54
West Lafayette. Indiana
Saturday. November 8.1941
Varied Program Will Entertain Dads Today
bays* Schedule Includes Tea
CORNUCOPIA
• Rachmaninoff
bance, Luncheon, Union Mixer Annual Hort Display P/ays At Convo Tonight To Headline
Ultratfs Dads' Day Tomorrow At 3 Week-End Activities
Week-End Visitors
Coufjted witlif the week-end of the Michigan State football game comes the University’s Dads’ Day, which officially started last night at 6.30 in the faculty lounge of the Union as members of the executive committee of the Purdue parents’ Association attended their annual dinner Paul Royster, president of the association, presided over the meeting at which President Elliott, Dean Matthews, Dean Stratton, Dean Fisher and Prof Robert
Philips were speakers
Today’s activities will start at 8.30 a. m. with the free
S^igei Vassihevich Raehmanm-
off, Russian composer and concert pianist will play at the thii d sched uled Univeisity convocation tomoi
low afternoon at 3 o’clock Usual convocation admission itg
Exhibits feature Nuts, Vegetables, Flowers
Annual Horticultural Show, that ulations ydl prevail as students ^ P
ivi tmrit 'f. w-i ■«¥r31 I K.-.
opened yesterday, has already be must havd then passpoits toi ad gun to attract its shaie ot Dads’ niission and others must have sea Day visitors Although figuits on son book or single admission ticl
registration of all visiting the first day\ attendance aie not Iheic will It nt> idvuictd silt Dads and an AH Star Field vet available, it is expected that the 01 leseived seats loi the conceit Hockey Game between WAA attendance will rise above the Distinguished Composei
8 500 lecoid oi last yeai Visit ois
teams at 10 30 Following this
this yeai’s pioduction will be Betty Wedge, Bob Stambaugh, and
Iiv Given’s band
Willis T Wells, who wrote the SCI ipt for ‘ That’s Life,” is in charge of the direction of the show Wells wa^ also the author director oB last
Live Stock Breeders Attend Second Annual Fe^d Nutrition School Seebnd Annual* Nntiitibn School for the discussion and review of the latest scientific data on livestock feeds was held yesterday m the Union Feed salesmen, dealers and elevator men from Indiana at
tended
A dinner foi those attending the school was held Thnisdav night in
the Union Dr C R Donham, ot
the veteiinaiy department seived jjg ^ Mother, Di uits and nuts h ivc alwavs been oJlusdisiK to conLin Lie playing the loliiend kr as toastmaster, and Prof Flank R Daughter’s luncheon populai exhibits at the show and conceit piano be icLused in otter The music for the theme song. Hall, of the government depart . „ „ iv,,e nni nn nv/.or,i-,r,Ti So conduct the Boston Symphonv “That’s Life,” was written by Clint
Ma plward Leads Team In Years Last nom^ Tilt Boilermakers Out To 11^#^ MSt Reason's Beating By SpiPfan Squad
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor
A determined band of Spartans hailing from the banks of the Red Cedar River at East Lansing, Michigan, will sink thei? cleats into the well kept turf of Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon at 2 to challenge the host, injury-ndden Boilermakeis m their final home stand of the 1941 season. Each squad will be shooting toward bringing their season’s record to an even percentage, with both the Spartans and the Boilermakers boasting a two won, three lost standing to date. Co-Captains Tom Melton and Jfm Miller and the lad& will be out to avenge a sharp 20-7 trouncing at the hands ot virtually this same Michigan State eleven at East Lansing last year. It will be the last game for these stellar leaders, along with five other seniors, to be played in the home confines of the Boilermaker stadium Jim Rush, Bill Combs, Bob Kersey, John Petty and Italo Rossi are the remaining quintet making
this farewell home appearance today.
Spartan Coach Charlie Bachman brings to Lafayette today one of the most unpredictable contingents m the nation Hailed before the season as
TickefG On Sale Iti MoGici Hall; Doors Open 7:15 Highlighting; Dads’ Day week-end activities, the 1941 Union show, ‘ That’s Life,” will open tonight at
Tickets for the Dads’ section may be obtained at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse for $2 SO Students who have not yet turned their passport coupons in for the game may obtain a seat in this section upon the payment ot a 2 J
cent government tax
Today, Rachmaninott is known as year’s Union productions, “Every a gual coiiceil plains) alUiouph to |h,ng but Onions” and “Harem
millions he is known as (lu coni Severn
posei oJ thi limous Pi elude in C Oiie of the scenes in toilight’s Shaip Miiioi ’ and many othei s}iow whi^eh will bring back memo woiks These he constantly revises nes to Dad is a portrayal of eourtto suit his own satisfaction s},jp 1890 by John SWenson and He conducted the Moscow Sym- Jane Robinson Other highlights
aic the scene ol ninny inspections phf'uy Oichestia and the Moscow will be the men’s chorus and the by students as well as coninuuiil Pnvite Opeia beloic being exiled backgiouiid and pntie act music of gioweis from his native counliyas n lesiilt Given’s band Featnied singers m 1 lulls Nuls Still Populni Pa levolution in 1919 Becntiso the band aie Chaihe Powell and
Fiuits and nuts h ive always been at bis (ksne to eontnnie playing the
may see the exhibits today lonigbl
and all day toinoiiow
Roger P Kianing, fiiiit giowei of Peru, has been appointed head of the fiuit judging at the show which is being held in the Hoiticul tinal Building on the south cam pus Krining has oichaids which
potentially one of the midwestern’s leading teams, the Spaiitans have failed to even come close to these predic-
tidns
Spartan Strength
However, the full sti^ength of the invading eleven is verified by the 13-7 trimming of Marquette, and the hardplayed losing game to Mich-
igan and Santa .Clara
The Spaitans will start an all senior Ime averaging 196 pouhds 111 the backfield, weight will be traded foi speed, with the leading
FOUR MILES
at 11 46 in the South ballioom of this yeai is not an exception
fai, visitors seem to be most sui Oichestia
ment, was the principal speaker
Dntv T.nmhAri PcpriHa Simpson Will lender piano selec
Yesterday’s meeting started at Union During the meal Dave prised by the exhibit of nuts They Child Piodigy 8am With informal conferences tions and the University Glee Club arranged in plates, the display His music il Lid in the PoiStrv buiSL Agn the guests Dr Phil including hickories w limits I.uttci oped very eaily m h.s childhood as
Ltuial ExniJnt Statfo’n anci hps, who IS in chuge ol the lunch ’'nts chestnuts ami ha/clnuts he enteied the St Petcisbuig con r cfi ti Tf t eultuial Experlinent Station ancl has annoimped tb-it tbeie will Many peisons aie aniaved to sic scivatoiy at the age of nine While and Those Little Things m Life I Smith H.1I D, D Doty, head oocano M owmi m, la, no.lh i In a sUi,lent the Moscow C ontu ,. Lov. »
His music il talents woi o devel
Blown with words by Wells and Hayt Othei songs introduced in the show aie, “I Try,” “Yes, Dear,” ‘ I Came to School to Study,” “Do You Recall “Hittin’ the Books”
Riveter Team Host For State Harrier Races Here Mm
ft
Rhillips-Coached Racers Favarites In Big Sfafe This morning at 10 30 on the nose, seven Riveter dis-
ball earners weighing m the low tance men together With some I70’s Ol high I60’s Coach Bachman eighty-five other harneis rep-
resenting every college and
of the agiicultuial chemistiy department, and Di W V Lambert,
pecans growing
diana toiy lu composed Ins fust opii i Feature of the vegetable exhibit “Alcko ” Soon attci he took an ex
Also featured in tonight’s entei tainment will be the dancing of the
be speakeis to complete the pio
giam
_ ' Came At 2 i cacuie oi me vogeiaiiie cxmim aicko ooou uhcj nu luuh an ..... ..i, o..., ...........g, ... ..... wtrX Bright spot in the day’s activities ■!» « l>«b« «* 'H ' ■"* «1 ‘“<^<1 “ncoit toil, winch ic.calcd waits choius and the clownish an
Station. me.side(l the Michigan State football vegetables in the mam show loom his gifts as a pianist tics of Fiendue Leinweber and
This basket, six feet high, is over Rachmaninoffs lecital promises Bob Adams Tickets foi the show
flowing with products of the state to be one of the best convocations may be bought on the ground floor Many people come to the show of the cm rent series for this year, of the Music Hall The doors to the however foi the express purpose of w s Hall will be open at 7 16 p m , but
Tickets for the Dad, Mother, Son and Daughter luncheon may be obtained at the registration
desk for 75 cents
Station, presided
Fred K Sale of Indianapolis, secretary of the Indiana Giam Dealeis Association discussed the nutrition school and its relation to
feed salesmen
Other speakers at the meeting were Di F B Morrison of Cornell University, P B Cuitis of the State Chemist’s Office, Prof J H
Hilton
Dr L P Doyle of the veterinary featuring the department, Dr C L Shrewsbury Mahn’s campus band
has been doing -a great deal of
shifting in backfield assignments, t t n ^ ^ and it IS probable that alargeirtum- BBlversity 111 Indiana Will fight her of substitutes will see action ft out for top honors in the today annual State Cross-Country New Combination Meet to be run on the new Coach Mai Elward, beest by tte elover-leaf course back of In-
injuiy Jinx all season, will again i i? 1.1 start a new combination for today’s tramural rielci.
fracas An aggravation of a tendon With the conferpnee jneet to be injuiy in the last practice Thurs- run heie next Saturday winding up day afternoon by Bany French, the season’s schedule, cross countiy fans will get their next to last op
seeing the display of flowers This
year, as before there is an unend
ing variety of colors and kinds of
game which will take place prompt blossoms The chi ysanthemum has ly at 2 p m After the game there ]ost none of its popularity and ap
of the dairy department, j^g ^ ^gj^ dance in the Union, pears m more than 100 forms and
the entrance through the Executive
Building will be closed kr
music of Mauiy sizes at the show
of the agricultural chemistiy de partment, and Prof C W Cairick ol the poultry department amp
Tonight the student produced Union Show, which is a satire on university life, will be presented at 8 p m in the Music Hall Imme diately following the show the sec ond mixer of the week end will be
. . . social liatermty, announces held^n both balliooms of the Union the pledging of Jack McKinzie, of Starting at 10 p m the music will West Lafayette (Continued on page 4)
Kappa Sigma
Sports Edition Today All sports men as well as all editorial freshmen and sopho mores signed up for today please report to the Union alter the toot'’ball game
Council To Sponsor
Armistice Banquet WcsIey Players Givc
Annual Show In Jeff Auditorium Tomorrow
Annual Aimistice Day banquet sponsored by the Peace Committee of the Puidue Pchgious Council will be held at 6 p ra on Tuesday, November 11 in the Home Econom
ICS Building cafeteria
The speaker of the evening will be Meyei H Simon, Rabbi of the Temple Isiael, diiectoi of the Hillel Foundation and president of the
Lafayette Kiwanis Club
WBAA will continue its series of Saturday football broadcasts this afternoon at 2 with a play-by-play account of the Michigan State game Pre-game dope will go on the air at 1 45 and, as usual, will be sponsored by the
Gimlets
Aeronautical Engineering Staff \ Constructs Engine Testing Plant A By Walt Ratert Latest achievement ot the fast-growing aeronautical engineering department is the construction of the aircraltengine torque-stand shown in the illustrations, part of the new engine research laboratory being constructed as an addition to the University airport Prof K D Wood has been directing the rapid development of the new curriculum which has taken place since the Umvei _______________________
sity announced its intention of granting degrees in aeronautical
engineering
The test stand constructed under the supervision ot Professors E F Bi uhn and J Liston is designed loi measuring the ptifoimance of ladial type engines up to 600 horsepower It will give students practical experience in engine re
torque njeteis, Fischer and Porter lotometeis fLii measuiing fuel flow, staudaid an corps oiifices loi iii measuiement and Mciiiam mano meteis loi ictoiding engine pies sines Stand Anchored In Concrete The large dium, which supports the engine mountings, contains hy
sfeaich and testing that auciaft diaulic pistons lor measuiing engine manufactuieis picviously toique ind thrust reactions The
have been loiced to provide loi
then own employees
With the exception of the mstiu ments, the new toiquo stand was completely designed and constiuet ed by various membeis of the staff
test mount is supported by thiee qu liter inch steel cables anchored in the conciete flooi ind walls Space has been provided loi a nine toot piopellei Two stacks into the cell piovide for cooling an flow
It is believed to be the most com- aiound the erj^ine, a tiap door at plote lest stand possessed by any Uie top lacilitates loweiing test en University Smes to the mounting The pictures show how the op Fuel weighing and lepan and eiators aie separated fiom the tool looms located on the fiist floor loaiing engine by thick cement aie being equipped with large glass walls and a window composed of obseivation windows so that visit three plates of half inch shfety ois may watch the work without glass The engine is operated by disturbing men lunmng the tests Spelly hydiaulic engine contiois The new building which houses mounted on the contiol board winch the test cell is now paitially fin contains a maze of instiuments m- ished and, because of the close le eluding a Cartibiidge exhaust ,gas lation of the lab woik to national ahalyzei, a ehbonotach for measui- defense, eftorts are being made to in^ levolutions pei minute a mam- lush completion With the assist fold piessuie gauge, thiust and ance of W T Bean and F M Cios-
Wesley Foundation and other religious oiganizations aie presenting Chanmng Pollocks play, “The Enemy, ’ at the Jeffeison High School auditoiium tomorrow eve ning at 8 The main theme of the play IS “Hate,” the leal enemy of man Miss Ann Pieice, of the Wesley Foundation, a senioi m the science school and a legiilai announcer on WBAA, IS diiectnig the play The cast ot the play is as follows Call, lack Hopkins, Pauli, Opal Geoige Baiuska Maigai^t Slate, Biuee, Bob Van Veld, Behiend, Stanley Watts, Ian, Darrell Roach, Piolessoi Aindt, Bill Peteison, Mizzi* Maiy Kay Baker, Eiitz, Ed Gilbert, and Kuit, Michel Patteison Admission to the play is free of charge and leseived seat tickets may be obtained at any of the churches oi foundations tomoilow Tickets may also be obtained at the ilooi ( e w Michigan Alums To Meet For Luncheon
portunity to see the unbeaten and favored Boilermakers in action this
morning
Riveters Reigning Favorites Also, the outcome of the meet
today should have conaideiible bearing upon the coming Big Ten battle The Riveteis have litei'illy
’ ■ trounced. Hlmois, Wisconsin, Indi strong sophomoie right tackle, will Ohio State in that oidei in make him a doubtful peifoimei to- conference cpmpetition tnis yeai day With veteian Pete Timpefman Theiefore. should the Boileimaker still m the hospital with a sinus outpoint the Hoosieis agim infection, the starting light tackle ^hey would definitely be beith will rest m the hands of stamped as favorites in the meet Ewell O’Bryan, 200 pound junior, week who has been shifted fiom, the In the meet today both the B g othei side of the line for bis fiist State, namely Indiana, Notie Dame stalling nod and the Riveteis, and the Little Co Captain Tom Melton will be State team and mdividual ehan^ back in the lineup today for the pions will be crowned The lush aie first time since his injury in the the defending title holdeis in yie Ohio State game thiee weeks ago State, while Butlei which Bob Chester, who played a great placed fourth behind Notie Dame, game at left half in the Fordham Indiana and the Boileimakers, last game last week was leleased from yeai is the defending champ in the the hospitil yesterday afternoon Little State division and paiticipated in the snappy sig- Holderman Out Foi Revenge nal dull yesteiday afteuion He is If the opinion ot the experts beais still in a weakened condition fiom ^ny weight, the meet should devel the sinus inleetion lioni which he Qp jnto a haid fought diul iot first has been lecoveiing, and his start- between Wilt of Indiana and ing position will be eaied foi by Holderman Lanky Ed has been junioi Wajt Cook Ken Smock, an- beaten only once this ytai and th^t othei left half aspirant, has almost ^jje undefeated Hoosiei” lad completely recovered from a serious Holdeiman, however is confident knee injury, but will not see action that he can whip Wilt and nuy get in today’s fiacas ^ chance to do it today j s d Bob Keisey was trapsfeiied from *
his quarterback position to the left end spot this past week, and will stive as able j-ehef ioi veteran Jim Rush at this Rost should assistance be netessaiy
Today In Ballroom Principals' Club Holds
Meeting Here TodaV
by, instiuctois in auciaft engine design and testing. Prof Liston has been working on the new plant sinee the fall of 1940 Seven types ot engines, ranging liom 50 to 1000 hoisepowei and 4 to 14 cylmdais, both au and liquid
cooled, have already been installed in the new building Upon completion of the vaiious facilities, they will he made avail able to ationautical tngmecung students ioi use in instuitlion and leseaich
Using the Puidue IV^ichigan State football game as the occasion for then annual get together, the mem btis ot the Michigan State College Alumni Club of Indiana will meet tor luncheon this noon in the Union ballioom Aiiangements also have beeh made ion the Michigan State College band ot 100 membeis, which Will appeal between halves of the game this alteinoon, to have then luncheon at the same time and
place
* Among the special guests who have been invifed to attend the oc casion aie President Elliott, President John A Hannah ot Michigan State College, and Glen O Stewait, diieetoi of alumni lelations at Michigan State College
Membeis of the Noithein Indfena Secondaiy School Principals’ Club will gather heie in the Home Economics auditorium today foi a oneday meeting concerning secondaiy school pioblems School administia tors who attended the woi k shop on the campus in the suipmci of 1940 aie expected to letuin to this meet mg Di Paul Rehmus, supei intendent of schools at Lakewood, Ohio, will deliver the piincipal address at 9 30 this morning, on “New Frontieis m Education ” Di Rehmus has had much experience in the field ot education and was in charge of the workshop last summer w s.
Pan-Hellenic Group Will Honor Scholars At Banquet Monday Scholastrc achievement ol soioi i ties on the campus will be hoiio-cJ with a banquet, sponsored by the Lafayette Pan Hellenic Council at 6pm Monday in the south biP room of the Union The senior soroiity woman hav ing Hie highest scholastic index dui mg hei three yeais at the Univeisity and the gioup having the highest average last semester will be presented with awards Frances Wallace of the Lafayette Pan Hellenic Council will handle Liu piesentations Guest Speaker The guest speaker will be Mrs Robert Wild trom Indianapolis '^.ctive chapters will respond to toll tall by srngmg fcheu rtspective songs Mrs. John Skinner is ih charge of the program.i ^ '' 1* ^ / I ^ ’'1 ,/ / r V ^ Purdu^ Exponent ,' SdturSay, November 8, 1941
PHll.*JOHnSOI1
1 i
kd \ ^ Bala Dad Da\ I tl L\ 111 tin mil' I’liuhii 1 il ( it iwav D id . .
^tivilips W( pioudly pif Dad llir whIpj’s palei
1 fill! list fmtv ■\cai'' apo Ihi'’ Sppkmbpi, 11k I I d oil iht Idio' I oui tiain at thp old atatioii Bo u dint, 111 si lull r1 C( uld luni uvpi it will, wc cios id 1)k ill r( and in up Hip sum old hill to tin Puidui ( lid hiinist LK iinginj indwhoK Uk old Pm dm
1 1 n K ))f 1 tap la lii^h
I Kii tood lln (Id IPatiiiB Plant Hip Mctlivincal I K 1 tjinldii Hu ^(.)ld SeieiKi Hall Hit b'i Is’doi mi Ik rifttis mill 'iO copds, Hu old woodi n BVimi isiiini t I t I la\fd 111 this tction, Hu old nun’s doiinitoiv I i uii lit tlu 111 1 11V ind Hu (haiii 1 t\ iu I ( lilti (11
1 lull w is 1 quii ( d Whrs! A Crowd
1 11 11 d d hv 1 high hoaid 1enc( includid Hu ha thall I i 1 led I V I tiiidc 1 tiack wliK h was ft ml od hy m lHu\ del c it pi obahly live hill di ( d 1 0( il 1 s IP of mud puddles known as Stair Sticfi siood lh( old 111 Puilding yiih oiruts ind tlissiooins md a mw
an k 1 f onsii uctu 11
1 1 unity of hO iiiPinbti w is luadlmtd by “Moihci ’ ul pci son, Dean of Woiiirn Di Itsi and Di TNlfoid, 1 iiy pl\sics, Di Goss mcdiaiiKb, C teiluic, ckc k i ml kaiisoni siu iici , Moian, hisioiy, Laila md 1 1 fi 1 h Vlike and Katy C olden (btoHn i apd sisiii) (111 uiHuisiasm piiil md ]jip Huy instilled i. 111 wtuld "seu belli V( it ^uul Dean ol Men 1 111 li lc\td tliPii as now ya imply a jiinioi m V^gi iiul
i i 1 lib nistiuitoi Were Fowgh
|4 f ivue Hio „ood old diys' That wa-' Hie day ol Hu ^ 111 Paiade , the last Sopliomoit Banquel and tin i ated bt the good old class ol Naughty I lye ( 01) II 111 IS II d stiong, stiode tlu campus we u ing black 1 11 liin Hun yell ol gi idu iHon (We win
and the Puiduc yi 11 that iiosi tlu ii thousand put oiil i1 Hu Vandeihiil
towl
VttSUINTON MERinr-«o-ROUNJ
By Diew Pearson and Robert S Allen
) I' ‘
hii
11 (ii)
/OUl 1
e nc w.- on th |ob then Adh i Down md t 11 vv Llliott look like a hly
I Begisimirag
I 0 000 ( i! t fu 1 owlci II ill wa anno nice d at chaju 1 I \ H whole inihtai / outhi in paiade with then time old Hu 1 Vti Hnoiigh I il i\itl( 1o Hu pail on Hi< 1 1 ( ek b lie til ( Cl t hy 111 111,, i lew louiids ol shol j 1 ipptai iiici md Hiiiig In an poiipiiij all iiiund History Was Made 1 i 11 pi ly w 1 1 I t u d it sill 111 1 uld on a muddy ( sol me , Is ( 1 1 H us( tlay just doe e a1 doj I n ] 111 Hu i holi hai klicld wiHi tlu ends lined up e 1 il ( li u wdn i loiti that i oulil not be stopj cel md lie i 1 istlf Hu\ went toniidand lound ihintliiii 111 b 11 caiiui V uS t u! e el iqi by Hu Imiel 1 j an I n i enoHu) when he huidl d Hie Inn I vi n 1 emit ii i I de w 11 on th el 1 md ol ])1 ii I oach < nil s ol I lai v ml 1 1 el Hie 11 1 h wn ck I I 111 ( an w e V( i I 11 11'
nd Now . . .
1 it P 11 that the new and t,i£ He 1 Pimlue moiciiiciil il 1 cut till time Tin Tui lue IVkinnial ninon taiHd 1 T e y tin campu when e ail t eh died j ilUn j u lie well equipped biiildins. that then i iiol luem u ehantiid Tli enly diuciioii 1 >i exiiaii ion cem H
Success For Mediation Board's Efforts Wii8 End Threat Of LegisSation V/ishmglon Noy 7—Alotmoie th m Ihi ([instion ol Hn close el sho)) 111 ‘eqilivi mines will In dcenleel I y the N iHon il Deletlse Mediition Ho mis iiiliii eiii this eontioveisy Be In ml Hic se i in s the 11 is ilso n vedved Hn Pn side ill s in \1 movi on m w I iboi li 1 1 iLion Tl Hie NDMB succeeds in sittliing Hn mine fight peieelully the eluines m Hon,,, Ihit Hn Icgis 111 ion pi m will Ik shelved lln view held il Hn White (louse is Hilt leenliolhu ))n 11 de nt w oiild be e liblishid th it will in ike com jiill oiy meeiiilion in dele use I ilior di put mine e i s u v I i wi IS 111 Ip iiln f loe ol Hi NDlVIP He dislil s I hill in 111 Will I) ivi p( 1 on div m I h is eon ist entlypol slndle I il Hu Bond Inin its stall il Hu 1 i) u ^1 em eh ill up i mini ol iiuihitiiig i elispuLe 111 whii h lie IS jiiv lived the White House (eels thil I i wi i piiositioii will be tiipeiluiil me! the Bonds ml he 1 ily hi ink i 1 il lisheel Howevei li Hn Bond pieives in < flee lull III ending (he mine chs pule (lien (in I’ltsideiH is leadv (o JO ininneliHtii (o (onj.ress wiHi i hill [In me IS lire would ouHavv ill sliikes In delinse iiuIusIiks iiid impose (otnptil oi v nhili ilion (en Hu elui lion eil (he ntlioni! emu e Pin > I he I tw \ oulil In mode lie el HIti Hn Uni ly MidiHioii Ae I wfneii pniviefis loi i soialiti’ cooil ij. oh pe I mil luH wo del ) i I ill Hu 1 iinl piohdni si i dee s e nlii e II M/diliiisi 1 ibo) Ol piHi vioidd hue H) he t hill e d !>v i ( ovet n iiipiilai \ieiiiv V hose i umij.s woul I he hiiuhii.., oil hoHi pnlies me! r !hu.\\ iHiiiilt 1)1 (lihnneoi vm I It mu
U in el Pm due tod ty' A Did who Iniii h Hu 11 eiieei md tacLilly pay all the bill ol npkei]) ud
pint
(He nelyjntcic tpci indati'tou th it tin old , 1 ideals oi emi Puidui nevei belomaken lie v i lallii I |(i cipila eiithusia in invei ddided i/iHi miinbii
r lie lurifc andpios))Pi . '
tyiLY FOR OLD PURDUE!??
1 1 IV ll(
1
1
( V II l(
11 1
t J
1 1
II 11
1 1
1 1
1
II 1
1 1 1
ll 1
1 lu 1
il LI ell
II
1 1 III
IK II 1
V 1
1
)i 1
\\
1 Ml 1
q 1 he
ill 1
t
1
1 1 nil
IVI (h
tie 1
L e
li tl
11
V II (e
tlv il
uiellii
II
1
III lie
1 1 ll
illiii 1 1
i V
I
1 V
II 1 ill h
1 S |)
DH
1 \
I
II e
\n 1 s li (
( If Uld
‘ ( ( 1
\ 11
1
1 1 e 1 l( 1
isl 1
modi
1 t i
( In,- eliietloi o( J i < it 1 I tl e H i II s) e ak bell n 1 J lenity md I / I gilt at i 10 m PI em ic / Build 111 1 F ( L 111 PI ai k l( II el th I’hai k tl I I spoi jieel ! 1 laeeutical lia t (uelent bianeli II nine utie il
J < 111 al((I 1 I I eiai e e I ( 111 S ly I 1 1 ) 11 ae\ Intel 1 n„ t He I n I d I ( n r e n t n V ol t 1 it( loi Hn 111 i, \ I e II I w a I Il V\ I inn
ns fo Hold Annisa!
II n I 1 H ill I) ell i I 111 I silly li I I II II Hie Hill K(\ H J ( I I <1 I n I I elly J Mil 1 j H i\e tl 1 1 In 1 i I H I I \( I n II e II I II mall 111 ( 11 I I He he i on n w \ 111 \ i Ilk i1 mil I I dilinij the haiieiuel I Hi< < Hite It l( d ill al jii u 1 d at 'jii 10 w ,
Evejything for a College Education DEAC’S
Its going to be a good game DAD!
Cl ASS IN s 1 k y c r 8 o N NOr TOO LATi: ro ENROLL BEGINNERS ENROS.L TUES , NOV 11,7 00 P M WALTZ FAif ADD SLOV/ FOX FROr advanced DANCERS ENROLL WED , NOV. 12, 7 00 P M PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S o.im.,iin
We hope io show you j victory - ^ but win or lose - - best wishes from
LAMB'S
420 ( (iliiiiihi.t Sirppl
• White House Royalty Shortly befoie the Duke and Duchess of Winclsoi made their last visit to Washington, Mrs Boose vclt was talking 1o some clo5o flicnd's about the impending visit, and also remaiked that Piincess Julian 1 was coming to see the Pics nlent a second time Mis Roo'-evcK’s fi lends asked how she like receiving so much loy alty In leply the Inst lady told in lie lad lie) husband’s views on the subieel She s ml Hn Piesidcntwas t liking lecently to May ( laig, coi lespomlent (oi sevei il New Eng 1 Uld new papeis who tolel him she Hiought il w IS bid public iclations (o hive so many kings, queens and ])tiiKesses henif. inlcilained by the he 111 of i Demoeialie nation 'Io (Ills (Jit Piendenl leplied that aside (lom Ins eleligld in entertain mg suili (harming guests, he wcl j^oined them is leprestntalivps id (iul5 dcnioei atiL pe opies And many Aintileans he .idded, somctiiTfes Joigof that these nations weic ol vital iiitpoilaiKc Io (he I iiiltd Slates Holland loi iiutmco, he s ud was a liHle eouidn, lull i( had is lands in the i’lcifie on whnh tlu tliuled Stiles w is eompletek de peinloni (oi i(s tin iiul luhhei And he explimed how (iiietn \\ ilhel mina still held scssio'is witii hti eahi'ul III I oiulon and slid had a gii it deal (o s'lj aboul (in I ile ol (he e isl inds ® Alaska A Danger Spot Aiiny u I ivy sk ik,,,ists who si ly up Ilk I nek ni I he de I e use <1 (he (I S A eeiii nie i einly eme pi 1(1 H ( ( oLinli y II u U il el iiq e i e I Ams II \ isK nil H ( I I 1 it III 1 he V II ive on e de linik ide is die ul i he I n un i ( mil I e \ is md Hn Si uH vve si j) Hu N i/is e ve l gel le 1 OSS (ioiii the hul e el Aliiei to Hu bulge (1 Pi i/il ’ki( le i Hn time be m„ Willi Nil i mus eneie ith niw, on J\ IS 1 i, mel n I h kip m he (oming moie uni in le belli eieil the V s ly Hn e I y i 1 In e i p 1 IS Al i 1 i se f 1 il I I ( Illy ^ ) Hide s ol Be I III '^e i 11 e iii Hi ii mi 1 md ol me 11 i '-eve n luele i I ee i q i el He I isl (I I H il ni( i iM ii\ I Pi I m in in '811
Baker Will Interview Farmers To Receive New ASME President Future Missionaries Sears Scho/arships loSpeakHereNov.U
A ■» ■vtrtyimrii-vionfc! liQ’tm Korin ivinrlo 4-o *
Miss Pianeis Bakei, peisonnel worker loi the national Mission Boaid, will be on the campus from tomoiiow until 'luesday to interview men and women students who no interpsted in doing lull time
mission work altci college
Miss Bnkei will meet student^ iideustcd in woikmg in educational institutions, sotuil settlements, iinal communities, nursing etc, eiHiei it home oi m foieign fields Sfudents who wish to talk with Miss Bakei m ly eontaet Mi Bals ley iiisloi (oi stude nts at the Wes ley foundation, who will airinge
,m ippointment i m p
Airangements have been made to pi ovule twelve $50 OO Sears, Roebuck and Company Scholarships to faim boys who aio unable to take one <if the University eight weeks wintei coqises this January with-
out financial assistance
The scholai ships will be awarded on the bisis ol merit and worthiness The selection of the wmneis will be made fHim i ecommendations of the vai lous county agents Hiioughout the slate Only those boys who can not attend the eight weeks wintei touise without this financial aid aie clkible t m s
Bothem, Bauman Affend
Playsliop Lab Actors To ^f®**'* *9®'*'^ ^®®*'"9
Present RUR Mov. 13
PI lyshop III) -,ioup will picsenl RUR by Kuel Capek 'ihuisda^, Nov 1 it 7 0pm, and Safin d ly Nov 11 it S p m in T owlci Hall 1 he [luhlie is invited lice ol ehai-,e This jnoduction is uhe only 1 d) ptodne^ioii oL the semcstei llu )uii|)os(s of this lahoiatoiy <ion|) lie to gi\e the Neophyte PI ly ho]) lelois a chance to hive nuts to give the stage cievVs a (hmee to tiy out new effects, to loi 111 1 nueleus fioni which Play I op (Il iws ds K tois '111(1 utiess(s 1(11 luluK J‘l ly hop |)i odiie I ions 11(1 (o in il ( 111 oppoitninly lot i tl e shill m el IS ity FRESH FRIED TENDERLOIN DELICIOUS HAMBURGERS West Side Grill 345 S^rte St
T ( BoHicm and R IT Baum m of the laim uuiilcinent elepaitineut will apneai on the progiam ol a meeting of Ihe cieelit a,.,eu(us of llimtington f ounty to he held Mon (lay it Huntington All eiedit rgoiuies nukieling im ])lcm( lit (leakIS uul huikeis ato invited to altend Hus meeting flic siib)cet iiiuki cliseussioii is ‘A Sound Cl edit Policy loi Huntington
( ounty ” w s
James W Parker, president-elect of the American Society of Mechanical Engmeeis, will speak here on Friday, Nov 14, at a meeting of the local ehaptei of ASME Topic of his addiess will be “Attack on Bewddeiment ’’ Parkei, who is now vice president and chief engineer of the Detioit Edison Company of Detroit, Mich, succeeds W A Hanley^ME! ’ll, as piesident ol the society Hanley is a member of the boaid of trustees of this University Following the talk in the Electncal Engineeiing Building, the student chaptei will meetfoi luncheon fn the evening, Paiker will speak bofoic the Cential Indiana section of ASME in InclianapoliSvOn the subiect, “The ASME Confronts the I oik in the Road ” kk
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD I
RISK
400
— DENTISTS 404 .Schultz
Bldg
4th and Mnn St
Lafayette
Patroiii/e Exponent Advertisers
FRATERNITY BULLETINS 100 FACH, $1 00 LAFAYETTE BOND PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRjNTINGCO.
FRANK'S PLACE Try Our Home Made Chili ALWAYS OPEN 111 Northwestern Ave
LAFAYETTE LAST TIMES TODAY
S'-orc, Pp'tjuiint 1 J bar Supplies 221 Ceiiiiriibi 1 St S^hosie 6405 IND
asiil l[N CLSFF'S SPORTING GOODS Coriiei of 5lh rut! Ferry Pifioiii/e f vodiie nt Aelveiti ec
LUMA SUN.-MON.—2 HITS Great as a book—Ten times greater on the screen!
RECISTOO ICY MONA MARIS HOBART BOSWO'^T I
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY
STAf?TS MiDNITE PREVUE TONSrE FhsJ f is/ic in L ifnyctte
"Ihi Bu&X£/\A iOWlCW vmmii)
(eiRlOH-ICSBIi-TgW
Sk" V/h )l liillcr riid for / ine iict'' Acti tI SiiVijiiirt b) T ini' d Fiimc FiOfUc! * Pjrrcluirc I roof P scorcti! 5 fo B ilt'e* srt IT /II unceNsoreo For the I II t TiDPO til tilp Fu 1 Lcneitl FcafUie bciuaiior ’
C f riicd HiIIp! BSitYfriig Piuieirc'' thf' Niii'i Arc S''riviiig to Sopp r^s in Unit eJ 5t te '
The Poii'h liivrsioii Fiiitu That loriorlitd Norvecjiuti Government Officials Into Submiss on'
"BAPTISM OF FIRE" OLficial Shoekifg Naxi War Scenes Filmed To Demoralize Ali the WcrSd» Introduced for the first time in RAMPARTS WE WATCH
A Po amount P tu c w I BEULAH BONDI JAMES BARTON SAMUEL S HINDS MARJORIE MAIN MARC LAWRENCE — ALSO ■— ZOOMii^CS! DIVING!!^ to new thriif-heights!
SUNDAY - MONDAY PLAY GIRL „ ROAD TO ZANZIBAR CARTO0I4
JAMES STEWART — IN — NAVY BLUE AND GOLD — ALSO — APACHE KID
rODAY — Tlie Great
Nobody Plus StoSen Paradise
Bring you exciting beauty .... toe-tickling rhythm...m the gayest of scintillating, starspangled Army musical shows'
osA • rR!£M wesmri Starts TODAY
smTS Tiiis. $imm
A NEW WARNER BROS TRIUMPH wiih WALTER BRENNAN-JOAN LESLIE GEORGE Tobias' Stanley ridges • A HOWARD HAWKS production
SEIlGlANT YORK PRICES— Wc iro happy to innoimcc Kic following calc of popiihr price, only slightly m creased dOc till 6 After 6—Bal 4<tc Mi Floor 55c Children 1/c my time (prices include fix) —Highf Prices Prcviil on Sundry— .....— nrun
ONE BIG WEEK STARTING SUNDAY
r
fif
>
t 1/ I
1 , SMiifiiayi Nomm&Sr 8, I§ST
Purdue Exponent
Notices
C^res: An Men are expected to enter the Certs Corps Judging Contest to bit held Saturday, Nov. 15, In Ag. Hall. Prizes awarded. Entry blanks may be obtained from Prof. P. E. Bobbins or pledges. —BYEB
POMMi The banquet will be Tuesday, Nov. 18, at 6:30 p. m. Get tlckete from Bushnell, MacMillan, Sullivan, or Youfcey. The price of tickets is 6Bc and the absolute deadline for their purchase is Saturday, Nov. 15, at noon. —BUSHNELL
AIMB: Debris pictures to be taken in South Ballroom of Union Tuesday, Nov, 11, at 8:80 p. m. —STARKEY
Dr. Mary Gutteridge WAA Announces New
Scriveners: No meeting Sunday night. -RIEGLE ,
AIChE: Chem^and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the fOll6wing: Barns, Kraybill, Southard, Ray Smith, Santini, Lerner. —KRAYBILL
Ushers and Police for Michigan State Game: Report to Gate 3 of Stadium, Saturn day, Nov. 8, at 12-IS p. m. All men not checked in by 12:45 p. m. will be counted absent. —RANEY
AIEE: Debris pictures will be taken nt 8:20 p. m. Thursday, Nov. 11, in the south ballroom. —ROBBINS
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every Week-day from 4-6 p.m. Tumbling and hand-balancing every Tues., Thurs,, and Sat. Apparatus work every Mon., Wed. and Fri. Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times. —^POZER
Kappa Psi: All members please be present at open forum and address by Dr. Urdang on Monday, Nov. 11. at 7 :30 p. m. Room 311 in Pharmacy Building. —SCOTT
Alpha Lambda Delta: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, Nov. 11, at 7-16 p. m. in room 106 ^of the Chemistry Building. There will be a guest speaker and Debris pictures will be taken. —McDONALD
Classified Ads
Addresses Kiwanians Cabin Leader Groups
Noted Psychiatrist Talks On Child Development
BAO’s: All battery athletic officers who did not attend meeting Thursday, Oetdber 30, see Lt. Vanderford at earliest opportunity. —VANDERFOBD
WAA: No Intramural Board meeting this week. Watch for notice of a meeting next week. —FORD
All Military Students: All members of the Corps are requested to be in their places in the Armory at 10:68 a. m. Tuesday, Nov. 11, in order that no movement will take place in the Armory during the Armistice Day Memorial Service at 11 a. ip. —GRAHAM
Purdue Players: Meeting of Executive Board Monday, Nov. 10, at 4 p m. in Fowler, Hall. —WALKER
Money to laian: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jewelers, 407 Columbia St.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting at 4:15 p. m. Wednesday, Nov. 12, in room 355 of the Union. —SULLIVAN
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
PIA Dancing Class: The regular lesson will be held on Tuesday, Nov. 11, at the same time and place instead of Monday, Any and all coeds are invited to attend. —PECSOK
Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures on Saturday, Nov. 8. at 8 a. m . by schools. Students whose names begin ' with A-E, Room 201; CE Bldg; F-Le, Lecture Room in Michael Golden Shops: Li-R, Room 254, EE Bldg.; and S-Z, Room 129, EE Bldg. —KNAPP
Union Show Ushers: It is very important for all ushers to be in the Music Hall by 7 p. m. tonight without fail The only door open will be in the northwest stage door. A list will be checked to let -you in Girls will not wear formals. —DEUSTER
For Sale: 4 tickets to Michigan State game. Section 26; no reasonable offer refused Call Lease, 5764.
HOME COOKING Plate Lunches 25c and up Sandwiches 10c
SMITHY’S COACH
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in 5th N. P. Group which starts Nov. 25 may sign up in supply room of Armory now.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting 7:30 p m. Tuesday, Nov. 11, in room 303 of Union. —LOCKWOOD
Room for rent: Men ; cooking privileges ; sleep single; $9.50 month. 601 Evergreen. Tel. 76912.
POMM: Formal initiation will be held Monday, Nov 10, at 4 -IS p. m. Everybody 18 requested to be there. —BUSHNELL
Agrictulturist Editorial Staff: Junior, Sophomores and Departmental editois come to the Agricultuiisf office Tuesday at 7.30 p. m. to get your assignments If you can’t come see me as soon as possible. —RIGGS
Wanted: Fallow to share double room. New house, twin beds, private shower. 236 Harrison. '
John Wuethrich, Former
Delta Rho Kappa: Debris picture will be taken at 9 p. Jti. P^uesday, Nov. 11, in South Ballroom of Union. All actives and pledges be present. —LEIN
Tau Beta Pi: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 11, at 9.30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union, All members are requested to be present. —BYER
student, Enters Air Corps
C. E,
WELCOME, DADS! WOLFORD SHOE REPAIR For Fine Shoe Repairing
AIChE: Debris picture will he taken at 8 ‘10 p. m Tuesday, Nov. 11, in South Ballroom of the Union. —KRAYBILL
Forensic Managers: Very important meeting of all managers Monday at 4 p. m in the Forensic office. Please be prompt as we must discuss some very important items concerning future activities. —LAWLER
Dr. Mary Gutteridge of Detroit, Mich., spoke before the members of the Kiwanis Club of Lafayette at a luncheon held at Lincoln Lodge last
Thursday noon.
A widely traveled and highly edu-
cated psychiatrist, Dr. Gutteridge told of her observations on child care and development in countries through the world. She emphasized the need of making available funds and facilities for proper child de-
velopment for all children. “No Child Marked A Failure” She also pointed out that parks,
playground^ and swimming pools in fowns and cities of most countries are more numerous in the wealthier areas and thus all children do not have equal opportunities. “No child is marked a failure when it comes into this world,” declared Dr. Gutteridge, “and therefore it behooves all persons to see that all children have similar child development op-
portunities.” d.l.g.
New WAA cabin leaders have been selected after having completed their training course and taken their final tests. The leaders have been divided into two groups, “A” and “B.” New “A” leaders are Betty Galbraith, Alice Reed, Alberta Artman, Martha Brown, and Virginia Fitch. Anna Marie Frikle is a., new “B” leader.
Artkfs lit Cdmexlp. This Afternoon At 1
WBAA’g old^t dramatic pragnuh on the air. Radio Stage, will jMreaCik its weekly dramatic production, ‘‘A Blot on the Landscape,” over airlanes this afternoon at 1 o*el6eU.
Leaders are placed in the “A” or “B” groups according to the scores which they made on their final tests. When a group wishes to use the WAA cabin, only one “A” leader is needed to supervise the party while two “B” leaders are required, p.s.
The drama is a comedy written by Spranger Barry, American pta^ Wright. Bill Stewart^ member il^ the WBAA student staff in charg of the program, is producing afternoon's story. From week week the mood of the dramas ib changed, giving the audience 3 widb scope of dramatical prhdnctions. *
Ceres Will Sponsor
Welcome Dads!
Visit Purdue’s Newest Book Store
Purdue Pennants — Souvenirs ^ Greeting Cards — Stationery
USED and NEW BOOKS
ilVERSHY BOOK STBBE
Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
John W. Wuethrich of Rensselaer, former agricultural student, received his wings and the bars of a lieutenant on Oct. 31 when he completed seven and one-half months training as an aviation cadet in the
Army Air Corps. '
He was graduated from the Air
Corps Advanced Flying School at Pfaclrltarff Filin'H' Brooks Field, Texas. His training * UUIUll
included formation flying, instrument flying, interception problems, day and night cross-country flights, and an intensive ground school pro-
gram, s.r.b.
Judging Contests For All Ag Students
. will be the principal speaker
Thursday afternoon 'at a meeting
of the Indiana Farm Bureau. “Rural Youth and Purdue” will be the subject of Dr. Elliott’s talk.
WELCOME DADS!
EAT AT TOM'S FIRST CLASS RESTAURANT — Today's Value Specials — Complete Dinner—Roast Leg of Lamb —Swiss Steak
TOM’S RESTAURANT
Across from the Armory—You can’t miss it!
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — ^f9Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Ceres will hold the annual crop judging contest Saturday afternoon, Nov. 15 in rooms 208 and 211 of Agriculture Hall. The contest will be open to all students in Agriculture. Entry cards may be obtained from Prof. Robbins or Ceres actives and pledges, and must be turned in by Nov. 14. The contest will be divided into two classes, one for freshmen and sophomores and the other for juniors and seniors. Medals will be awarded to the first and second place winners in each class. Anyone wishing to review his judging can do so by reading Extension Bulletin No. 255, and coming to the Crops Laboratory any afternoon at 4 o’clock, j.d.s.
Marital Troubles ^ k 'The comedy deals with the trotthies encountered by a maxriedf cotH pie. Two new artists, Betty Lati^ sing and Bob Cochran, have parts along with veteran performers Larry Myers, Tom McCrum, Jim Holv son, George Zissus, Bill Millei^ Charles Powell and JP. L. CongefSally Murfey is assisting on prqi duction details. ,
This year all actors on Radi^ Stage are subjected to a weekly dramatic school, meeting every Friday afternoon, which prepares them in line-reading, play techniques and technical angles. a.Lw.
Go “Sporty” at the Big Game on Dad’s Day
An ALFA GORA TOP COAT
In a heavy Woolen Shirt
And be assured Warm Hands with Fur-lined Gloves, etc.
All Football ^^Accessories’^
for Spectators
QuUiotCi INC. WEST LAFAYETi’E
Welcome
DADS!
Delicious Steaks and Chops Cooked to Your Liking Tasty Sandwiches and Salads
HART'S CAFE
Really a Good Place to Eat Opposite the Fowler Hotel
Let’s hear that Victory Bell —
Spill the Spartans ■
Victory — Purdue
Mangle Michigan State’
“For the Honor of Old Purdue!”
m\m HSBOChTED TELEPHONE tOMPUNT
• Southworlh’s
THAT’S MY DAD!
A phrase that will be heard throughout the Campus this weekend, and MOTHERS and DADS, we just want you to loiow that PURDUE and SOUTHWORTH'S welcome you!
PORDUE BOOK Hi SOPPIT STORE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND,
Sonthworth’s •
Prof. H.H. Watts
... of the English department, is the author of an article, "Multivalence in Robinson Jeffers,” that appears in a current issue of College English magazine. 'The article is a study of the backgrounds and meaning of tragedy as expressed in the works of Robinson Jeffers, an American poet. ^
HI
DAD!
THIS IS YOUR WEEK-END
Enjoy yourself, Dad, and let’s all get behind the team and really take those Spartans!
We Extend Our Friendly Welcome to You
DERBY HOTEL
1015 Main Sl
I
■liiiirrim iwiSSSOmen's Club Plans
SCI'?:. , ,yiH be,^warded for the qutstand
lauding essays, poeniSj short stories plays, may be submitted. > will be announced a week later. Prizes will be awarded and the manuscripts lead at the next li^ular Scrivener meeting. The winning papers will also be published in the December issue of the
§i*ivener magazine.
At their annual Guest Tea from 3 to 6 p. m. next Thursday, the Phrdue Women’s Club will sponsor a Hobbies and Heritages show to be given in the Union Building. The tea in the afternoon is for members and their guests only, but the Hobbies and Heritages exhibit, in charge of Mrs. G. A. Hawkins, will be shown again in the evening for students, staff and townspeople. Hobbies On Display The hobbies to be presented represent the collections of about 150 members of the organization, and
the displays tobe exhibited will in*^ elude china, antique glassware, dolls, coins, brass, Stamps, and pewter. There will also be units from foreign lands shown., ’ . ' MenAers of the committee in charge of the tea and show are Mesdames Hawkins, H. L. Splberg, G. C. Blalock, P. 0. Nottingham, H. B. Hass, K M. Seal and E. T. McBee. c.f.h,
l^aried Prograiti { V;(i0ontiniued>jfrdni page 1)
PI A Dance Class
. . vvill be held Monday at the regular time instead of the regular' meeting on Tuesday. All coeds are especially invited to attend.
again be furnished by Maury Mahn. Parents who stay over until Sunday may attend Dads' Day religious services at it a. iti. ih the Lafayette and West Lafayette churches.* Ip the afterhopn they may also attend the Horticultural show from 1 to 5 p.,m, in the University greenhouses and the Horticulture building or the Rachmaninoff convocation, d'.W.o. ' . 1,
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS^
HeUo, Dads! BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDERS
WELL LOOK DAD! SNAP-SHOTS are the best things to keep the folks at home posted on campus doin's. LET'S SNEAK A PEEK AT
“Rebuilding Shoes Is Our Sp^ciahy’’ 221 Stale St. Phone 2240
FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP
just a Little Bit South of the Union Bldg.
ms mm IS •: f 't ■* ■ ■ fe- tfi.. --i ~ ■.'i.’V' TAKING HIM ■' ■■ s, ■ «;/; ^ • ■. ■ ^ -^<1 'til V i: ;’0 ••ii TJ 'V 1/. ti*-' ? to
:? #' S if S' A 0 ',:!' I i/
The House of Friendly Service
4th and Owen
Lafayette
Hello
,A*' §i:M W
Wf
Welcome to the Campus oh
'-r'"
The
Following Fraternities and Sororities ■ SiVY HI!!
Acacia
Kappa Delta Rho
Pi Kappa Phi
Theta Xi . ^
Alpha Chi Rho
Kappa Sigma
■J- ^ t-'n; Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Triangle ^
Alpha Gamma Rho
Lambda Chi Alpha
Sigma Alpha Mu
■f . - . ^ . . • • . - iSORORITIES
Alpha Kappa Lambda
Phi Delta Theta
Sigma Chi
Alpha Chi Omega
Alpha Sigma Phi
Phi Gamiha Delta
Sigma. Nil
Alpha Xi Delta
Alpha Tau Omega
Phi Kappa
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Chi Omega
Beta Sigma Psi
Phi Kappa Psi
Sigma Pi
Delta Gamma
Beta Theta Pi
Phi Kappa Sigma
tau Epsilon Phi
Kappa Alpha Theta
Delta Chi
Phi Kappa Tau
Tau Kappa Epsilon
Kappa Kappa Gamma
Delta Tau Deltd
Phi Sigma Kappa
Theta CJhi
Phi Mil
Delta Upsiion
Pi Kappa Alpha
Theta Tau
Pi Beta Phi •
L.>
1)