h
; ,r’ 'J'-'.-
©he Puriiuc
Published P&ily by Studbuts of P^ue Universfity
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY,: ^OVEMbJ^ 21, 1936 —■— —“— —
NUMBER &1
BATTLE FOR
TODAY
Full Day Arranged For University Dads
Game Takes Spotlight; President E. C. Elliott To Talk At Luncheon
A full day's program is mapped out for the 2,00 or more Dads expected on the University campus today for the annual Dad’s Day program centering around the Indiana game this
afternoon.
Starting at 10 o'clock this morning, co-eds will present an exhibition hockey game on
Baritone
Lawrence Tibbett, famous baritone, will appear here Wednesday evening in the Jefferson High School gym. Tibbett first attained fame when he sang at the Metropolitan Opera in “Falstaff.” Every season since he has broken records in one startling success after another.
Marple Wins Free Debris
Soph Heads Sales In Ten Day Contest
W. W. Marple will receive the free year book as the prize for winning the sophomore Debris sales contest which extended from November 10 to 19, J. W. Van Natta, business manager of the 1937 Debris, announced last, night. D. O. Howkinson won second, B. Edwards and R. M. McGhee tied for third, and D. H. Meisner won fourth in the same contest.
Ade Continues To
Show Improvement
George Ade, who has been seriously ill with pneumonia was reported to be in an improved condi- ‘ tion last night. The 70-year-old Hoosier writer was resting comfortably according to Dr. J. Raymond Graves, attending physician.
Tin Yan Jim, the Hawaiian football player at North Dakota Agricultural College, who is six feet tall and weighs 190 pounds, claims that his mother is seven feet tall.
GET THAT BUCKET TODAY!
Stuart Field, following which there will be a luncheon for all PurdUe Dads in the Memorial Union, Building. President Elliott will extend the Dads a few words of welcome at this noonday event. . McNutt Will Speak Governor Paul V. McNutt and James Shoemaker, president of the Student Union, will give brief talks. The luncheon will be concluded in ample time for all to get to the game before the kickoff. Glee Club To Warble The Men’s Glee Club, the Zouave Squad, and a fencing exhibition are included in the program for the smoker for the Dads to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom im-
LUNCHEON TICKETS
Tickets for the Dad’s Day luncheon may be obtained this morning for 60 cents each, at a table" in the Union lobby.
mediately following the game, from 4:16 to 5:30 o’clock. Prizes will be awarded the Dads with the most sons or daughters in the University and also to the Dads who have come the greatest distance. The program for the evening includes dinners in the various fraternity and sorority houses, a second production of “The Hairy Ape” at Duncan Hall; and the regular Saturday night mixer with both Johnny Ammerman’s and Bud Bryant’s orchestras playing.
Mars To Give Free
Show Monday Night
The management of the Mars theater announced last night that a free show will be given Monday evening at 11:30, immediately following the regular show. The football team, along with Noble Kizer and the rest of the coaching staff, will come to the theatre immediately after the football banquet and will appear on the stage. The show is sponsored by Gimlet with the cooperation of the Fourth Avenue Amusement Com-
pany.
600 Couples Dance To Week^s Music
Nearly 600 couples danced to the music of Anson Weeks and his nationally known band at the' annual Blanket Hop held in honor of “P” men, in the ballroom of the Memorial UniomBuilding last night.
Fair And Cool
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse
Now I have a rival in the weather predicting business. I see in “Believe It Or Not” that a cricket chirps h^s message of fair pnd warmer. Hfe’s chiseling in on my game. I ask you; “Is that cricket?” But enough of that drivel. Let’s talk football. That was a pep session! I lost my tail altogether pnd my coat of fur was singed by the flares, but I didn’t mind. My special plea is bring back the bucket, boys, so I can use it for a bathtub. Even minus fur and tail I can still give a prediction. It will be generally fair apd cool. A simppy day for the gapie.
Match Wits On mridiron
NOBLE KIZER Pardae
B^^MeBDLLIN i Indlraa
5f000 Witness Miss Indiana's Incineration At Pep Session
F. B. Harrison Wins Autographed Football In Reamer Club Drawing
By W. M. Anthony
Approximately 6,000 enthusiastic Purdue boosters turned out last night for what Coach Noble Kizer termed one of the biggest and best pep sessions in his memory. Final rites for Miss Indiana, from whom a foul odor had been permeating around the gsminasium all afternoon, were conducted by Prof. A. H. Monroe, of the speech department, following which willing hands lifted her casket into the funeral pyre. Captain George Bell drew the lucky number for the autographed football out of an imitation “old oaken bucket.” The first number was that of Barbara Harison, who was unable to be present at the drawing. Her comment was, “I certainly
missed an opportunity.” Harrison Wins Ball Bell, however, was not to be thwarted. In his second attempt, he drew the number of F. B. Harrison, who upheld the Harrison family name and claimed the award. On receiving his prize, Harrison stated that he woulfl make it his aim never io miss pep session. S. R. Wirth, acting in behalf of the Reamer Club, made the presentation. Although most of the football players had gone to a movie, George Bell, Freddy Stalcup, and Johnny Drake promised to bring tjb6 Bucket ba^k to Purdue. Mai Elward and Red Mackey expressed similar sentiments, while Nobe Kizer promised a fighting team for this afternoon.
Playshop Will Repeat ‘Hairy Ape’ Performance Tonight
Critical Audience Is Satisfied With O’NeiU Play
By Dorothea Justin \ In excellence of production and quality of acting in a difiicult play, Playshop surpassed itself yesterday evening at its first presentation of Eugene O’Neill’s “The Hairy Ape.” Staged at Duncan Hall before a large and critical audience, the production was most engrossing. In honor of Dad’s Day, and for those Playshop patrons who were unable to see the initial performance, “The Hairy Ape” will be given this evening at 8:30 o’clock in Duncan Hall. Unusual Sound Effects Utilizing unusual sound effects and the Russian system of no curtain drop, merely a complete blackout of the stage for change of scenery, aided in keeping the rapid tempo during the play, and helped to
solve the difficulty of presenting
eight scenes in a short time. Louis Julliard, as Yank, the
“Hairy Ape,” could have carried the whole play. Irvin Luthi, with a remarkable Irish brogue in the part of Paddy, Gilbert Devore, as secretary of I. W. W., and Robert Cooley, as a gentleman were more than notable. The entire supporting cast was impressive in its achievement.
Effective as a whole in its produc-
tion, the fact that the patrol wagon sound effects man was over-zqalous in his bell-clanging, and that sounds were not always timed with action and change of scenes detracted somewhat from the audience sus-
pense.
Coach Harry Kipke, of Michigan, went to his first mbvie this fall last week to take his mind off of the usual strain which accompanies a football mentor’s position. The picture was “Pigskin Parade.”
Dad’s Day Prosram
This Morning 8:00—Registration, Memorial Union Building. 9:00—Athletic Contests, Stuart Field. 10:00—^Varsity Hockey Game, Stuart Field. 10:30—Mothers’ Executive Meeting, faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building. 11:45—^Luncheon, Memorial Union Building, with music by the Purdue Male Chorus. This Afternoon 1:00—Purdue Mothers’ Tea, women’s lounge. Memorial Union Building. 2:00—Football Game, Purdue vs. Indiana, Ross-Ade Stadium. 4:45—Smoker, Memorial Union Building. 5:30—^Fraternity and Sorority Dinners. This Evening 6:00—Mothers’ Banquet, faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building. 8:30—“The Hairy Ape,” Duncan Hall. 9:00—^Dad’s Day Mixer, Memorial Union ballroom.
Hoosier Rivals Clash
In Grid Season Final
Drake, Burmeister, Bell, Graves, Medley, Stalcup, Gift End Careers
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE POSITION INDIANA PoyireU L.E Eenerdine Sqhreyw. L.T Livingston Burineister. L.G Sirtosky Bell (C) C Jifiner Graves R.G Dileo Woltman R.T ' ZoH
-- Beasley Huffman ... Cherry Eads .... Fowlmr
Spehn or Zachary R.E. Cody Isbell Q.B. Stalcup L.H. Drake R.H. Cecil Isbell. F.B. OFFICIALS: Referee, John Getchell, St. Thomas; umpire, Anthony Haines, Yale; judge, Meyer Morton, Michigan; head linesman, Joe Lipp, Chicago. BROADCAST: WOWO, Fort Wayne; WFBM and WIRE, Indianapolis; WBOW,-Terre Haute; WGBF, Evansville, and
WBAA, Lafayette.
Midwest and Hoosier gridiron enthusiasts will gather here today for the annual football battle between Purdue and Indiana to be held at 2 o’clock in Ross-Ade stadium. Indiana will attempt to chalk up its third straight victory over a Purdue eleven in a game that will decide the possession of the coveted Old Oaken Bucket for the com-
ing year.
The Hoosier rivals will enter today’s game with identical records for the season as far as wins and losses are concerned, and although Indiana will be favored to j?epeat its triumphs of the pa^t two seasons due to its superior reserve strength, there is little to choose between the two elevens., Lost to Strong Teams Indiana’s only losses of the season Have been to Nebraska and Ohio State, while the Boilermakers’ only setbacks have been at the hands of Minnesota and Fordham, two of the nation’s ranking elevens. A terrific battle is in prospect between the two husky forward walls as they attempt to break loose their respective ball-carrying stars. Two of the most outstanding hacks in the Middle West, Cecil Isbell and Vernon Huffman, will be matched against each other in a battle for individual honors, although it is certain that team play
will finally decide the outcome of
the encounter. Battle of Bands An interesting and colorful sidelight to the football game will be provided by the annual battle for musical marching supremacy between the Purdue and Indiana hands. These two organizations have tried to out-play and outmarch each other for several years. For the past two years Purdue’s band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick, has defeated all comers at the annual Kentucky Derby Festival Parade, held each year in Louisville, and everyone is looking forward to some real competitive marching before the game today and between the halves.
Cabaret Dance Tickets On Sale
Several tickets for the Union Cabaret dance will be available at the desk in the Memorial Union Building lobby at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon. The price is $2 per couple.
Professor Lawrence, instructor of English and journalism at Northwestern University, won the pingpong championship of the liner Normandie while on his way to Europe last summer.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, November 23, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter HaU. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
HeinJichWm Address SDX
Book To Be Awarded For Best Article
H. H. Heimlich, city editor of the Journal and Courier, will address the first open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fi-ater-nity Wednesday evening at 7 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. For the first time this semester a book award will be made to the freshman or sophomore who has written the best article for publication in one of the campus publications during the preceding month.
Leslie Presides At Dad^s Session
Ex-Governor Harry G. Leslie, president of the Purdue Dad’s Association, presided at a meeting of 35 Dads in the Memorial Union Building last night. President Elliott, Dean Fisher, Dean Stratton, State Senator I. Floyd Garrett, and T. R. Johnston were among the speakers. Senator Garrett, a Republican, made a motion, which was carried, to send congratulations to Gover-nor-elect Clifford Townsend, a Democrat, a former member of the Dad’s Association, on his' election. H. G. Leslie, a Republican, will deliver the resolution to Townsend.
Kappa’s To Present Union Show Tomorrow
Kappa Rappa Ganuna sorority will present “Scandal Sheet” tomorrow evening at 5:45 in the Union cafeteria. All the lat<.‘St gossip concerning campus activities will be presented. There will al^ be dancing and singing novelties.
With the acquisition of a new sailing pavilion on the Charl^ river basin and 36 dinghies, MassachUT setts Institute of Technology now has the most extensive college yachting facilities in the country.
I -"i “41
j1
'JLsiAA.
’ * j ^ ^ ^ W /"A "*" -^ ■‘^*¥ y 7 ^ 1 ^ ^
%
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Satttjrday, Novembei* 21,1936
Hello, Dad!
Today is the day of days. This afternoon we Boilermakers are going to bring the Old Oaken Bucket back where it belongs. That minor detail attended to, we are going to devote ourselves to our Dads. Our Dads really deserve the recognition they are being given today. Unselfish, sacrificing to give their sons and daughters equal opportunities in life, our Dads have earned oyer and over again the small amount of devotion we can exhibit today. The campus is open to Dads today. Everywhere they will be welcomed. On top of the grid battle this afternoon, a full program has been planned so that idle moments should be few indeed. But don’t forget, students, to tell your Dad all about yourself. He’s vitally interested in you. And, Dads, don’t forget to examine personally the great school that is Purdue today.
Hero Worship And Crime
The glory of the (?-men has been refiected in the reduction of crime not only through the placing of law-breakers behind steel bars and beneath the sod but also through their moral influence on youthful Americans. Speaking at the 15th annual newspaper institute of the New Jersey Press Association recently, Hugh Clegg, assistant director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, reported that from 1930 to the middle of 1935 more criminals 19 years old were arrested than of any other age class, but that since then, including the first half of 1936, more arrests were made in the age group of 21 years, 22 years, 23 years, and 19 years, in that respective order. “Youngsters today,” declared Clegg, “are selecting the special agent of the Bureau of Investigation as their hero rather than the gunman. Where they were playing bank robber, they are now playing G-man and special
agent.”
So the newspapers, with their stories of the victories of the G-men and comic strips featuring government agents; the movies, dramatizing federal inspectors; the broadcasting systems, with their plays starring special agents; and the manufacturers, with clubs of chief operatives used to advertise their products, are all contributing to the suppression of crime by steering the impressionable minds of active American youngsters away from
criminal ambitions.—R. P. M.
a
Warning
American Federation of Labor delegates now gathered in Tampa, Florida, for the annual convention, have issued a “warning” to the United States Supreme Court that the “nine old men” should take a more liberal attitude toward the New Deal’s socialized legis-
lation.
Leaders of the federation point out that the laws are just and that the vast majority accorded President Roosevelt in the recent election should make the Justices “think twice” before turning thumbs down on future liberal legislation. The labor leaders forget that constitutionality decisions are not matters to be decided by popular vote. When New Deal measures were cast in the waste basket by the Court, there were concrete constitutional reasons behind the action. President Roosevelt, himself, went only so far as to say he thought the legislation should be held valid because of crisis conditions . . . not because it was constitutional. According to recent statements, the President does not intend to force bills past the Supreme Court but proposes to use the legal channels of amendment to gain his
ends.
Higher justices are appointed under our system simply to avoid the political situation the A. F. of L. intends to create, even though appointments to the Supreme Court have not been entirely removed from politics. Evidences of party prejudices have shown up throughout the Court’s history. However, it is an established fact that Supreme Court appointments are nearly as non-political as an appointments could be under our present system.
$urbtte exponent Foanded in 1881 Entered u second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITOBIAL STAFF Editor-in-Cbief . W. T. Hunt Managing Editor. _..B. H. Morris Associate Editors...... K. A. Barnette, J, K Brock, A. H. Forster, E. P. Manion, C. L. Badler 8POBTS STAFF Sports Editor... _ L. D. Wood Associate Sports Editors _. W. H, Fifield, S, B. Griffiths, ^B. F. Ohenebain 2 BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager „ Jl, j. Hulse National Advertising Manager. L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager D. C. Miller Cireolation Mmager. j. p. Uirard WOMEN'S STAFF Editor. Helen Creech .^vertising Manager- Betty Barnett Associate Editors.....^..... Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Fyke Iwae Editor—H. I. Stonback.
The A. F. of L. may answer this argument by saying that ih the past the Court has been charged with “following the ballot box.” Such was the comment made by Mr. Dooley quite some years ago. However, the fact that the Court may have, in the past, held political tendencies does not give it license for similar action in the future. We must preserve a court to judge constitutionality impartially in a manner as nearly approaching our ideals as possible.—A. H. F.
Noble? Probably—
Clever? Certainly
The Boston Globe told an interesting story in its news columns last week. Burdened with debt and facing eviction, ah unemployed father of three children chose a novel and appealing way to attempt to get money. He offered to “mortgage” himself for $2,500 to get back on his feet. The details of his offer are what make the story so grim and yet so human. In the newspaper story he asked some physician or group of medical men to lend him the needed money, with himself as security. If he failed to pay the loan when it was due, he said that he would give his living body over to his creditors to experiment with as they pleased. He argued that the doctors might easily discover some medical secret worth many times the money they loaned. If this man is sincere, he deserves a hero s medal. Many men who claim that they would lay down their lives for their families would balk if it ever became necessary to do so. They would sacrifice much, but would give in before they would offer their lives to some unknown venture. This man has done that. He is a hero. And if he is not sincere, perhaps he cannot be called a hero, but he should not be censured for hypocrisy. Bluffing is an ancient and noble art, and if it causes sympathizers to put food into the mouths of his children, the man should be praised for his cleverness.—J. E. B.
Horatio Alger Today
That the poor-boy-makes-good type of success so confidently narrated by Horatio Alger is still possible, despite youthful moans about the “privileged classes” and the necessity of “a drag,” is shown by figures recently published by Nation’s Business, showing that top jobs are open to those who have the ability and willingness to work for them. Of the 176 executives responsible for the management of 95 per cent of the steel industry’s present capacity, nine out of ten began at the bottom and worked their way up. Of these, 84 began as laborers, 26 began as clerks or stenographers, 25 began as engineers or chemists, and 19 began as messengers. Those who do not reach these positions may expect a reasonable standard of living. They should not expect a share of the rewards of success. Ability, ambition, and perseverance are necessary before a man becomes an executive. Apparently those of us still in school have an opportunity to reach the top. We have a chance at the rewards, financial and otherwise, accompanying the rise. Others have tried and won. Only by the same method have we the right to expect success.—Idaho Argonaut.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER TA« Exponent wtll not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
My Dad
Today is the day of all daya, and it’s to be DOWN WITH THE INDIANA SISSIES . . .
Probably the most amusing feature of the afternoon will take place between the first and second quarters of the game—JIM CAMPBELL will be the person sitting in the wheel-barrow and BENNY BRION will be master of the pushing art— it is an election bet pay-off—^BRION bet on Landon—^this will take place if all the sour-pussed guards will let them pass the gate . . .
CROCK INDIANA
Far through the night we hear that cry. The song of hope that cannot die, A sonorous, scintillant lullaby:
Today is being set aside in honor of Purdue Dads. What would be more appropriate, then, than a discussion of what my Dad means to me? Since I am anonymous, this might be taken as the feeling of any real Boilermaker toward his Dad. My Dad started me out in life on the right path. He taught me how I must act to get along in the world. His counsel still aids me from time to time. Ever since I can remember, he has been generous toward me, not only with money, but with time and energy as well. Proof of his effection for me is with me constantly because I would not be in school were he not sacrificing to give me the best in education. In early childhood, my Dad was a god to me. I looked up to his every move; he was a superman, my ideal. Today*, when I have more mature judgment, he is still my ideal. I respect him greatly, and his words of advice make a deep impression on me. Yet, he is a companion as well. Always interested in wTiat I am doing, always willing to do me a favor or have a good time with me, my Dad has always been the one after whom I want to pattern my life.
Exponent Platform
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honorafies and reduce hon orary fees, 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
iwomaiH HtHUH.. imwOMEH wHISHmT
. .YBT THEY WBRB MADLY INLOVBWmi
Final Today DICK FORAN
“The California Mail” — and — PAUL KELLY in “The Accusing Finger”
riasN
Big Double Feature
Lafayette’s First Showing
Adults IAN KEITH Adults
TALA BIRELL
in
“WHITE LEGION”
15c
15c
Plus Second Feature “I’ll Name the Murderer”
Sun., Mon., Tues., Wed. Starts
MID-NITE
TONITE 11:30 P. M.
A love story that speaks from the deep heart of one glorious woman to the secret hearts of all women!
With ELIZABETH ALLAN
DONALD CRISP Doris Dudley David Manners
CROCK INDIANAT !
Gone are the bustles and hoop skirto, too, With the whiskered men of ’92. But never will die this hullabaloo: CROCK INDIANA I
Boilermakers Riotous, insane, gay, Fervent with faith as they kneel and pray, Victory for this our PURDUE-WAY CROCK INDIANA !
If any of the students are contemplating a short trip to the BLAZER tonite for refreshments, etct—don’t be surprised if, when your legal age is questioned, you are asked to show proof of that age— by the way no proof of such an age will give you a polite ticket to pass out immediately the way you entered . . .
If your MOTHER is here—send her to the MOTHER’S DINNER at the Union tonight .. .
WILL WE CROCK INDIANA? HELL YES!
SEEN ON THE CAMPUS . . . large group mourning beside the coffin of poor, poor MJSS INDIANA . . . big crowd trying to get tickets for the Union Anniversary cabaret dance . . . trucks collecting scraps for the fire for PEP session ... a (Continued on page^7)
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY ROBERT MONTGOMERY ROSALIND RUSSELL in “Trouble for Two”
BOBBY BREEN in “Let’s Sing Again”
CARTOON
SPORTREEL
LAST TIMES TODAY “Bulldog Courage” “Don’t Get Personal” SERIAL - CARTOON
STARTS TOMORROW
MAB8
Last Times Today STAN LAUREL OLIVER HARDY in
“OUR RELATIONS’
PidmAtorSkout
fAoutouv so FINE.. so HUMAN.. SO
GREAT THAT EVERY ONE SHOULD SEE IT >
“I thought i knew all kinds of love until two unwanted kids come into my easy life ...and now I know I'd die for those kids. I’d die to save them from loneliness, to get them happiness”
Without menty, f riondt or raputatlon tho fought for thoio two kidt'ai ttir. ring a fight «• you will ovor wltnott on stag# or Kroon or rood about.
’^VALIANT
IS THE WORD FOR
CADDIE ..^■1 JEDk Dm mk ■ Hi
GLADYS GEORGE
ARLINE JUDGE JOHN HOWARD
DUDLEY DIGGES HARRY CAREY ISABEL JEWELL
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMA
Last Times Today FREDRIC MARCH in * Anthony Adverse”h
Wi^t ^urbue exponent
VOLUME XLVIlI
LAFAYETTE,. INDIANA, SATUEDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1936
NUMBER 01
All America
Rating!
By CHRISTY WALSH Member All-America Board of Football
Squad To Pick
The last mile in the All America sweepstakes is in sight and while most of the favorites have already been posted, it is never too late to add the name of a dark horse. Including today’s relases eighty football players representing 54 colleges in 29 states have received All America rating. The chances are that the eleven names of the 1936 All America team have already appeared in this column some time during the past eight weeks, and yet the final release, next Saturday, may reveal names that are destined for football’s highest honors. Cards of Merit have been sent to the following players for the current week:
HUFFMAN. Indiana. Quarterback. Hurling passes from every conceivable angle, smashing the Chicago line to shreds and high-stepping his way through broken fields of determined Maroon tacklers this star quarterback, characteristically holding the ball in the palm of one hand, was the most dangerous player on the field.
BRUMBAUGH. Duquesne. Halfback. Read the recommendation of Harry Keck, Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph: “He scored both touchdowns, converted one extra point try, did the kicking-off, forward passed, intercepted Carnegie passes and help up his end firfensively in great shape.” Brumbaugh jre^ ceives much credit for Duquesne holding Pittsburgh and Carnegie scoreless this year and winning of the city championship.
WIUUE. Notre Dame. Halfback. Coming into his own against a traditional foe, this slicing, end-skirting, line-plungring spark-plug demonstrated the old sporting adage “Class will tell.” Wilkie was the standout player in the Army-Notre Dame game and proved that he has had more “class” than “publicity” up to now.
FITZSIMMONS. Georgia Tech. Guard, This 200 pound guard was a constant threat to Alabama’s victory claims for as Coach Frank Thomas reports—“Fitzsimmons was the inspirational leader in his team’s brilliant second-half comeback, which all but overhauled our players who had rolled up a 20 to 0 lead in the first half.”’ Fitzsimmons is captain and a fine guard in all respects.
COFFIS. Stanford. Halfback. With sixty seconds remaining in a game that appeared lost by a single point, this intrepid ball-car-rier took a kick-off from the 15 yard line to midfield and fired his teammates with the determination and drive that finally nosed out a touchdown and a hard earned victory. Jimmy Coffis rates All America for his fighting spirit alone.
DUNNEY. N. y. U. End. Observers in the metropolitan area rate this tall, rangy end as the peer of any kicker in college football today. He is a fine defensive end, excellent pass receiver and weighs 190 jiounds. Rutgers offered weak resistance last week but Dunney played as though the Rose Bowl were in sight.
MOVE. Alabama. Center. Although a senior, Moye is playing regular this year for the first time and reached peak form in a hard fought game against Georgia Tech. He was a power on defense and exceptionally effective in helping knock down Tech’s raz-zle-dazzle passes. Moye rates All America on the recommendation of a veteran coach.
DADDIO. Pittsburgh. End, Ralph Wagner, Omaha Bee News, justifying his rating of Daddio, wires: “Among other great plays, he rushed a Nebraska punt that was turned into a Pitt touchdown and later streaked down-field ori a kick-off, the ball receiver fumbling from Daddlo’s terrific tackle, who completed his job by falling on the ball. He then took a pass to the 9 yard line and another Pittsburgh touchdown followed.
ARY GUEPPE. Marquette. Quarterback. Racing to three touchdowns agrainst Mississippi and directing his teammates in faultless fashion, this sensational field general had another spectacular Saturday. He earns an All America rating from three experienced newspaper men who filed reports after the game.
GODDARD. Washington State. Quarterback. Wie|ldinK treipendous inspirational influence ov^ his teammates, this triple-threat star engineered most of the touchdowns against strong U. C. L. A. by his passing, running and phenomenal kicking. RoyeJ Bipughara, Seattle Post-Intelligencer, addr this to his repprt—“Goddard probably is tl»f mpst vgluablq- plpyer in the west.’’ ' —Copyright -iMfl-r
1937 Captain Most Valuable Player Wm Also Be Named At
Banquet Monday
Purdue’s football captain for the next season, as well as the most valuable Boilermaker for this year will be announced at the annual Kiwanis football banquet Monday evening in the Memorial Union ballroom. The banquet, beginning at 6:30 o’clock, will feature an address by Steve Hannagan, a former Lafayette man who has risen to fame in the publicity world. Seniors Feted Seven seniors will be feted for the last time as a member of the Gold and Black eleven. These men are: Captain George Bell, center; Wayne Gift, John Drake, Fred Stalcup, and Ben Medley, backs; Lee Graves and Forrest Burmeister in the line, as guards. Letters will be awarded to both the varsity and the freshman squads. Tickets for the banquet have been placed on sale at Deac’s, Decker’s, Southworth’s, and at the Union desk.
Brass Bound Victory Symbol
Old Oaken Bucket Could Tell Stirring Tales Of Past Purdue-Indiana Tussles
By S. R. Griffiths
S/fZroSfUV
James Sirtosky, one of the mainstays in the Crimson line, will be fighting hard to help I. U. retain the Old Oaken Bucket. Because of his outstanding playing last year and his hard work during early fall drills, Jimmy won his position on the Hoosier eleven.
TOUCHBALL MONDAY Field -Beta Theta Pi vs, (Kappa Sigma or Phi Gamma Delta). Official, Kerber, Gaulke. Cary Hall — 2—1st Floor North vs. 1st Floor East. Official, Martin, ■2nd Floor North vs. 2nd Floor East. Official, Abell. 4—3rd Floor North vs. 3rd Floor East. Official, Chapman.
BASKETBALL Practice Games MONDAY Cohrt 1— • 7:00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 8. 7:16—Ward 2 vs. Ward 9. 8:26—Ward 14 vs. Ward 16. Court 2— 7:00—Ward 4 vs. Ward 10 7:16—^Ward 6 vs. Ward 11. 8:26—Ward 16 vs. Ward 17. Court 3— 7:00—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 12. 7:16—Ward 7-x vs. Ward 13.
SQUASH PRACTICE MONDAY 1:00—Tau Epsilon Phi. 2:00—Kappa Delta Rho. 8:00—'Theta Chi. 4:00—Theta Tau. 6:00—Theta Xi. 7:00—^Triangle. 8:00—-Phi Delta Theta.
Michigan State’s football squad is traveling only 4,000 miles on the road this year but ne^t year will return to the. ,cqast-to-coast 10,000 mile program of other years. The Spartans are due in Philadeljphia apd §f«ii F;raneiscq in 1937.
Today the Boilermakers will wage their eleventh battle for the coveted Old Oaken Bucket, now weighted heavily with its seven golden “P’s” and its three red “I’s.” At the top of this chain hangs a linked “I-P” which indicates a tie score in the first battle for the bucket, in 1926. This bucket is the symbol of a rivalry between Purdue and Indiana that brings the schools together once a year for the renewing of old’ friendships, for the formation of new “tall” stories, and finally for a football game that surpasses any other in the season. X Many Adventures' The old Bucket has had many adventures in its frequent trips between the schools. Through a maze of different tales handed down, one hears of strange greeters gathered at the Indiana railroad station to welcome the Bucket. Down the streets they march with it, but after
an investigation it was learned that the Bucket never reached the place it. Could it be possible that those men were from another institution ? At any rate the Old Oaken Bucket finally was abandoned in a Lafayette newspaper office. Other tales twist themselves into trends that would sound like those told in recent sessions of the National Liar’s Congress—but who can.tell? Tradition Will Stand Today, next year, ten years from now—^the tradition of the Old Oaken Bucket will still stand—^for our friendship, for our common bond as Indiana’s twin institution—^but most of all for the greatest sports event of the year.
Officials of Indiana University will abandon Maxwell Hall and move into their new headquarters in the Administration Building by December 1.
Prank “Schnozzle” Filchock, a veteran back from last season, will attempt to ontsmart Purdue’s team with an aerial attack that should compare with the Boilefmaker^s pet plays. Schnozzle came all the way from Braznell, Pennsylvania) to pla;>r f^tball for I. U,
Roy Eads, a clevejr ball carrier and an effective blocker, is a senior letterman who will see plenty of action this afternoon. Roy “Star” Eads, 5 feet ten inches tall and weighing 175 pounds, comes from Kokomo. He wiU play his last gama today on the Hoosier squar.
ielder’s.... ....choice
•By Bob Walpole.
A swell start towards a swell afternoon ... and our Bucket again we hope . . . Purdue is behind you. Boilermakers, go out and win . . .
—tc—
All of the Big Ten teams are in action today . . . the last day for most of the teams in the country and hasn’t‘the football season flown? ... seems such a short time ago that we were tossing away our derbys ....
—^fc—
This is the first season in three years that the seniors have had the opportunity to throw to the winds their characteristic black hats . . . Let’s make it the first season in three years that we have beaten the Hoosiers ... ^
—^fc—
Casting all false modesty aside we must admit that we hit all of our predictions last Saturday . . . we just had to say it after so many weeks of poor guesses ... so, we will predict now for the last time...
—^fc—
Illinois at Chicago . . . Illinois with ease . . . Indiana took the Maroons last week with little trouble, and although the Illirii aren’t by a long shot up to the Cream and Crimson, they should roll over Chicago by 14 points or more . . .
—^fc—
Iowa at Temple . . . the results of Iowa’s previous games alone should give Temple a wide margin . . . Temple by two touchdowns . . .
—^fc—
Michigan at Ohio State , . . the Buckeyes by 20 points ... Milligan
held the powerful Wildcats last Saturday, but we believe they were playing over their heads . . . this will prove a letdown for the Wol-
verines . . .
—^fc—
Minnesota at Wisconsin . . . since the loss to Northwestern,'the Gophers have been scoring high, wide and handsome ... this will be merely a stepping stone for Minnesota . . . shall we say, 21 points? . . .
—^fc—
Northwestern at Notre Dame ... maybe, yes, maybe, the Irish will beat Northwestern today . . . however, after last week’s slump with the Wolverines, Northwestern will undoubtedly be plasring better football . • . this will be a close one, but the Wildcats to win ... by one touchdown . . .
—fc—
THIS IS THE DAY WE GET THAT BUCKET ... go get ’em ...
Basketball
Practice Gets
Under Way
Veterans Downey, Sewward. Young, Malaska, And Sines Are Back
Boilermaker basketball men are back on the hardwood again, practicing their expert brand of play that has made them topnotchers in the Middle West. Although Johnny Sines, versatile forward, and Pat Malaska are recovering from ailments, they expect to play very shortly for the Old Gold and Black. Even though the team will miss two capable men in Kessler, AllAmerican forward, and Lambert, outstanding guard, good material is developing for the coming season. The backbone of the Lambert quintet consists mostly of veterans of last season. Glen Downey and Biig Jim Seward are the Boilermaker corcaptains, and Johnny Sines and Jewell Young, who seem so well adapted to Lambert’s style of speed game will prdbably be running mates at forward.
Guard Positions Pat Malaska and Bob Smith are the best bets as guards of the Boilermaker squad. Holloway, Bi’uce, and Mangas will ^ee action this season. Anderson is one of the outstanding sophomores. Dean, Vergane, and Mihal will start practice with the quintet after football is over for the year. Other topnotch sophomores include Hutt, Dickinson, Barsha, Lyboult, and Zink. Coach 'Lambert stated that ho did pot ejspqct his boys to win tho
Renew Many Rivalries On
• 1 rri "I trrid loday
Wildeat-lrish, Georgia* Fordham Games Mam Attractions Scheduled
Although the Purdue - Indiana game holds most of the interest of the football fans in the Midwest, there are other important games being played throughout the country this afternoon. The battle between Northwestern and Notre Dame at South Bend promises to be a typical Irish-Wildcat fracas. The Wrambling Wreck from Georgia Tech will meet the Florida 'Gators in one of the features in the South. An inspired Wisconsin eleven hopes to upset the Golden Avalanch from Minnesota. The Georgia Bulldogs, coached by Bill Alexander, will attempt to knock the Fordham Rams out of Rose Bowl consideration.
Other Contests Today Many other grid rivalries will be resumed this afternoon. Among these are. Chicago vs. Illinois. Ohio State vs. Michigan. Princeton vs. Dartmouth. Syracuse vs. Colgate. Yale vs. Harvard. Fordham vs. Georgia. Georgia Tech vs. Florida. Wisconsin vs. Minnesota.
William “Stooge” DUeo, stocky Indiana backfield letterman, is expected to play an important part in the Old Oaken Bucket Classic today. ^Dileo has a great deal of experience behind him, and althongh he is perhaps the shortest man on the squad, he is also one of the most aggressive.
Lowell Decker To See Indiana Game
Fire Victim WiR Watiih Contest From Sidelines
Coach Noble Kizer announced Thursday night that Lowell Decker, who was seriously injured in the shower room fire at the start of the season, would be able to wilmess today’s clash. ' Decker has been fighting for recovery for the past ten weeks andl has finally won. Until now he has had to follow the team’s actions by radio; however, this week he wiR be present to see the gridiron classic.
Bad luck has kept Decker out of the last two games of the Old Oaken Bucket series. Last year he wqs injured just before the g^me. and was unable to play.
Shoeless Hampton Potts, who ip a touchdown ace for Gulf Coast Military Academy, plays football barefooted.
In the past 31 years, 430 students' have graduated from University' of North, Dakota’s medical seho<4,‘ Only nine of these were wemem :
Big Ten championship, but that he^ did expect them to finish up nearj the top. Piggy believes the con-3 ference championship will be won by either Northwestern’s ^fideatSj‘ or the Crimson team of Jfodianin i
“'Jaf*'
uiiiiMllbf
I f
PmteFoar
i *’ f / ^ THE PURDUE EXPONENT * Satm^to. October 10.1838
Plwnbine, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
S3 Tears in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO PortraiH Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Ufayette
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
ANNOUNCINC Every Saturday Night at (Maple Point) at the Black Forest Dance Hall
Joe Lehnen's Orchestra Dancing from 9:00 until ? Refreshments-Sandwiches
Table Service. Cover Charge 25c
Person
KORTY'S BETTER COALS PLEASE
Phone 4033
Devil A Sissy?
No—A Woman!
Bloomington, Ind.—(AGP)—Six years a devil! That isn’t the title of a book. It’s just a segment-sentence description of the kind of life Mary Ann Wynkoop, freshman at Indiana University, has been living for the last half-dozen years. Before coming to college she did all kinds of odd jobs around the offices of the Lebanon (Ind.) Daily Reporter, where her father serves as city editor. Even though she is the first coed ever to enroll in the linotype operating class, conducted in the printing shop of the university press. Miss Wynkoop is right at home, for she has been a “printer’s devil” ever since she was 12 years old.
Heroes A Formula
For Real True Love
Chicago, 111. — (AGP) — “You’ve got to be able to tell the difference between love and mere fleeting passion if you want to enjoy a good, old-fashioned marriage that will last ‘till death do us part’,” Professor Edward L. Conlon of Loyola University maintains. He drew a chart to illustrate to the 33 students of his “marriage and family” course—^three of them already married — the result of proper choices, ending in happiness, and the result of improper selections, ending in misery. Professor Conlon declared that true love is manifested by: (1) exclusiveness; (2) constancy; (3) patience, consideration, and self-sac-rifice.
Senior Co-eds Win
Hockey Tourney
The championship of the co-ed hockey tournament has been won by the senior team, which remained undefeated in playing all the class teams. The seniors are challenging the sophomores, who have held them to a tie twice, to a game next week, to prove their undisputed supremacy.
N. Y. A. workers are classifying the trees on Ripon College’s campus grounds according to genus, species, and common name.
Your Slogan Is Ours
"GET THAT BUCKET
##
THE VARSITY BOOT SHOP
West Lafayette, Indiana
The Trianon's Proprietor Announces the Re-Opening of the
"BLACK FOREST
It
EVERY SUNDAY NITE Floor Show Round and Square Dances Blue Jackets and the Trianon Rhythm Aces LADIES 15c—GENTLEMEN 35c DANCING FROM 8PM UNTIL 1 A M At Maple Point, Road 52, Lafayette, Indiana
BEAT INDIANA!
A bucketful of Mobilgas will get you there to help bring back the Old Oaken Bucket.
Burnham’s Service Station
MOBILOAS MOBILOIL
STATE AND MAIN
TIRES BATTERIES
For Everything That's Good to Eat
FRIEDMAN’S
GROCERIES AND VEGETABLES .We Cater to Fraternities and Sororities B26 Mailt St. Phone 3021
By OUVK SCHATZLEY
President Roosevelt’s Landslide Victory Secures Jobs Of New Deal Employees
Methodist Students: The subject of discussion at the co-ed class will be “Jesus, The Great Physician The men’s class will hear Dr. Robertson, better known as “Big Robbie,” who will talk on “A Purdue Engineer’s Adventures In China.” The church service will be a Thanks Offering service of the Woman’s Home Missionary Society. The combined orchestras will play at the Pythian Home in the afternoon. Karl McEachron will speak. The regular chorus practice will be at 4 o’clock,"the fellowship hour and supper at 5 o’clock. Margaret Pantone will have charge of worship service at E5pworth League on “Thanksgiving.” The Wesley Players are presenting their play “The Passing Of The Third Floor Back” at Frankfort this evening.
The Westminster Foundation: At Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. An outstanding feature in the day’s program will be the lecture by Dr. William J. Ohan at the Sunday Evening Club. Dr. Ohan, in addition to being the father of the vicepresident of the club, is the pastor of Bethany Presbyterian Church of Chicago. He will talk of “Costumes And Customs Of The Holy Land.” He is thoroughly familiar not noly with the history of this country, but with the present crisis brought about by the conflicts of the Arabs and the Jews. At 9:30 Dr. Graves and Mr. Findley will lead discussion groups in the student rooms of the church. Morning worship is at 10:45.
Episcopal Students: The Young People’s Fellowship will have a supper at the church at 6 p. m. Afterwards they will go to the home of Prof. Norris Shreve who will show his collection of precious stones. There will be no Corporate Communion at the early service, the service having been postponed until November 29, the first Sunday in Advent. There will be the usual morning service at 10:45.
Christian Students: Harry G. Kemmer will teach the student class at 9:30. At 10:30 Rev. L. Doyle Mullen will preach his first sermon at this church as its regular minister. Reverend Mullen will also preach at the evening services at 7:30. The Christian Endeavor program at 5:30 will begin with a social hour and at 6:30 the regular program will be held; however, the discussion period will be in charge of a group from DePauw. Several students from there are coming here for one of the annual exchange programs.
Baptist Students: All Baptist students are asked to meet at the church at 9:45 a. m. tomorrow for an R. W. C. picture. The Sunday school class will be taught by T. K. Noss. Sophomores will be in charge of Roger Williams Club social hour tomorrow evening at 6:30. Lunch will be served at 6:10. Russell Knee will lead the discussion group on the subject “How Can We Help Students At Purdue?” Rev. J. B« Gleason will celebrate twenty-five years in the ministry tomorrow morning. A reception in his and Mrs. Gleason’s honor will be held in the church parlor following the church service. At the morning service Rev. Gleason will speak on “Twenty-five Years In The Ministry—Some Discoveries.” The closing Union meeting of the Preaching Mission will be held in the West Lafayette Baptist Church tomorrow evening with Rabbi Meyer Simon talking on the "^'Modern Prophet,” and Rev. Steele, Methodist minister, also bringing a message. The Methodist and Baptist choirs will sing “Hallelujah Chorus,” from the Messiah. Mrs. Meyer Simon will sing “Consider Thou Me.”
Pinkerton Detectives To Aid Police At Game
To afford protection to the large crowd expected here for the game today, a force of Pinkerton operatives, members of the world’s most famous detective agency, will be on hand. They will assist the local police in checking the activities of pickpockets and scalpers, both before and after the game.
Continuance Of NY A, More Labor Activity, Seen By ACP Scribe By Arnold Serwer (Associated Collegiate Pjress Correspondent) Washington, D. (D., Nov. 20— (ACP)—The smashing victory of President Roosevelt has cheered many‘‘a young New Deal employee here, giving him the basis for hope that his government job is now fair ly secure. Although few such young New Dealers, prior to the election, doubted that the President would win, no one knew whether the margin of victory would be large or small. If victory had come by a small margin, these young people would have begun to fear for their jobs. Lacking a pronounced popular mandate, they would have feared the President would begin to retreat and retrench, liquidating sections or all of some alphabetical agencies as their appropriations began to dwindle. Increased Activity Seen Now they feel the President will not only be disposed to hold his ground, but will move in the direction of increased Federal activity. There is going to be a stronger labor program than they surmised even before the election. There is going to be a coordination of the government’s efforts in the field of public works, relief and welfare, but probably not until there is one final drive against unemployment. That drive will mean new appropriations and new jobs. Work for Graduates There should be some new large surveys to employ these young folks, just one, two or three years out of college. For example, the un-
employment census that must inevitably come, if the President is ever to plan adequately for future reljef and public works employment. Some of these young people hope that in the President’s second administration their agencies will be designated as permanent ones, to be blanketed under Civil Service. In the past three years many a young bachelor in Washington has taken unto himself a wife, many a former co-ed has assumed the care of a husband, and with these new obligations and duties the fear of job insecurity has become a real fear. So that there is nothing they want more than to be placed under Civil Service. Recovery or no, the NYA is not likely to be dropped in President Roosevelt’s second term. Along with the CCC it has on the whole been one of his most popular ventures. He may wangle more money out of Congress this session to go into student aid on a bigger scale. The apprentice features of the NYA probably will be permanently dropped, while the work project features will be put on a more workable basis. It is not inconceivable that he may even take over some of the features of the American Youth Act, and really try to bring genuine opportunities to those who lost the most in the years of depression.
^SUDDEN ^RVICE
P'
r
RINTING„ OffIm SMoowy.^ Vtdrflna IttvIMoni
PHONE - W«»B«»kt,Ele.... '^628 CASSEL*S 408reRR^P
WEST LAFAYETTE COAL CO.
The Only Coal Yard in West Lafayette 32 YEARS IN BUSINESS
252 Main Street Levee
Phone 7219
WE HAVE A CLEAN STOCK OF USED CARS
Our prices are reasonable and our quality the best.
CONSIGNED SALES COMPANY
216 South street
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
DONT OVERLOOK THIS
10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office.
You can make this saving with a very little effort.
We guarantee good work and prompt service.
Phone 3085
American Laundry
NOTICE
A private lesson will be given free of charge TUBS., NOV. 24,6:00 p. m. to those wishing to enroll in our new Adult Beginner^s Class in Ballroom Dancing Phone 2160 ALLEN’S 6th Se Ferry
Are Your Shoes Gone with the Wind If So Catch Them and Bring Them to BOSSONG SHOE REPAIR Rear Varsity Boot Shop West Lafayette, Ind.
D E A C S*
PURDUE PENNANTS AND PILLOWS AND PURDUE BLANKETS
The Best at Your Price
All Kinds of Purdue Souvenirs to Take Home
H.G. (Deac) Reisner
Book StoreSaturday, Octote 10,1986 '
liliViirlatl
tolS i*tjftPOfe EXPONENT
' FOOHTAni PUNS AND USPAIRING ''''"ANYPtefe- « JfOBS IN ON]^
1. Ne« Sack. g. StraiKhtcn Point. 3. Adjnitt Feed. . 4. Special Chemical Bath. 6. Remove Ink Stains. 0. Simonize Entire Pen.
All for Only 60c P. Pd.
Jobs returned same day re> ceived. We alsd trade pens and supply new and us^ parts, Rebuilts and leftovers for sale, every make.
universal PEN HOSPITAL 203 So. Wabash Chicago
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
The tlUnklng fellow calls A YELLOW V‘8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Oewlons 35e per passenger any part of the city S023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner’s Flower Shop
Qnali^ Flow«n Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 >/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E, FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor
507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door. locks, desk locks, night latches and padlockc. Auto keys and handle locks a speA ‘ cialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son ~ 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind-
6o Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
for
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Short Course Closes Today
Poultry Students Finish Two Weeks' Work
After two weeks’ teaching of 32 students, ranging from 17-70 years of age, the poultry short course will terminate this morning at 11. The entire enrollment is from the Hopsier state, except one each from Illinois, Ohio, and Kentucky. The short coursers held their annual banquet with members of the poultry depa,rtment last night in the Memorial Union Building, with S. E. Colliver, Putnam county famer and Purdue graduate, as toastmaster. Talks were made by Prof. O. F. Hall; Russell Sniith, South Bend attorney, and former short course student; Mrs. Marguerite Shea of this year’s class; and Prof. C. W. Garrick, chief of the poultry department. Time of instruction during the day has lasted from 8 o’clock in the morning to 4 in the afternoon, the latter half of the day being spent in the laboratory. It was during this period that the students studied the technique of handling fowls and eggs.
Drake Makes Western Conference Eleven
The United Press picks John Drake, Purdue back, for fullback on the Western Conference team. Vernon Huffman, Hoosier back, was selected as one of the halfbacks.
Edwin (Swede) Clasen, who was out of the lineup most of the season due to an ankle injury, will be ready to aid the Crimson backfield this afternoon. He weighs 190 pounds and plays at the halfback post His presence in the lineup is expected to bolster the hopes of Bo McMillin’s boys.
CHRISTMAS SEALS FIGHT TUBERCULOSIS
Please Buy and Use Them
GRIN AND BEARIT
By Lichty
“What’s happened, Elmer? I haven’t seen you si^ce the night I got you that blind date.”
Amelia Earhart Flies To South Bend
After Brief Visit At University
After spending several days here going over her “flying laboratory,” Amelia Earhart, famed aviatrix, left the University airport in her new plane, designed for experimental work, for South Bend, for a conference with Vincent Bendix, whose factory has installed certain new instruments of much importance for some of the test flights planned. After a stop at South Bend, she expects to go to New York for a check-up of certain new radio equipment that has been installed. Miss Earhart was accompanied by her mechanic, “Bo” McKneely, who has been at work installing certain devices during the last several days in which the plane has been housed in the University hangar. The “flying laboratory” was the
Sororities Aid In Red Cross Campaign
Each national sorority on the campus has made a contribution of five dollars to the Red Cross drive, according to Charles W. Shook, who is in charge of canvassing West Lafayette. The fraternities, which are now being solicited, have not yet made a report.
first plane to use the first of two new experimentally paved runways being built at the Piurdue airport. Miss Earhart left in what she termed ideal flying conditions, heading into a 20-mile southwest wind, the direction of the first of the runways, which will be completed soon.
Gold Peppers Sell Chrysanthemums To Fans At Game
Both Purdue and Indiana rooters may buy chrysanthemums today to show the crowd how they stand on the Old Oaken Bucket question. . Members of Gold Peppers, junior co-ed bdoster organization, will be selling, at 60 cents, large yellow flowers with gold and black Purdue pennants attached to the stem, and large white ones with crimson and white pennants for the downstate Hoosiers. The sale will begin at 11 o’clock and 21 Gold Pepper sales women will be on the campus and streets near the bowl, and in the stadium until game time.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
If you want the best in Guns and Ammunitions 22 long rifle 27c See us 22 longs 22c SHELLS 22 shorts- 17c 59c up SPERB’S .... Hardware 824 Main
Hello DAD
and
Welcome to Purdue
and Our Stores
Book Store
GIFTS Souvenirs and stU'^ dent supplies.
Campus coats, sweaters and mufflers.
: ' .1. -
Haywood’s
retail department
Fifth and Ferry Sts...Lafayette, Ind.
DAD
Bring Your Boy to the Hub. See our Furnishings, Suits, Overcoats and Tuxedos.
THE HUB
461 Main St.
Lafayette
When You Spend Money To Make Your Home a Pleasure
CONSULT A PRACTICAL MECHANIC One who knows the plumbing and heating profession.
One who sells you quality materials all from leading manufacturers. We do not give you a flowery talk to get business and then forget you. We Back Up Every Piece of Work We Do
Large or small and at Prices Commensurate With Services Rendered
A. W. WERKHOFF
914 Main St.
Phones: Office 6987; Res. 7863
A.'
mtm" I
4
l^gfe Six
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturdayt November 21,1936
PURDUE
Qyy^i-c.Ljf^
C-4PT eec-t*
SGL.0y
F^ox/yeiuLj,
\
schrsycpl.
0U/Z/^£L(S'rE/i,
COOY fSBELL,
G-/p-r
K4EOI. b~'iY
yYOKrrMAs/
C^'Cf 4m
MAJESTIC AIR CONDITIONING SToKoL Stokers for ECONOMY F. H. SPEAKER Phone 4976 119 E. State
WELCOME INDIANA Wearever Aluminum TURKEY ROASTERS ' 3 Sixes—$2.95-$3.95-$4.95 See Our Displays of FIESTA CHINA in Green, Red, Blue and Yellow It's Ideal for Christmas Gifts Edserton Hardware, Inc. 321 State St. Phone 4354 West Lafayette, Indiana
TRY OUR NEW 70-72 OCTANE POLYMERIZED GAS 15.9 Tax Paid For Winter and Our I • Non-Rusting AJAX Completely Denatured Alcohol, 50c per Gal. / A Safe and Economical Anti-Freeze RED ROSE STATION First and Main Street Bridge 24 Hours Service
JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP TIN AND SHEEt IRON WORK OF EVERY DESCRIPTION FURNACE WORK OF ALL KINDS CARL G. BUTZ, Manager 104 Main Street
Rogers’Drive It Yourself System 314 N. 4th—Phone 6455 ALL NEW CARS , 24 Hour Garage Service / and Storage
DEPENDABLE?
A big week end—game—dinners — Dads — dances — shows — parties. Is Your Car Dependable?
Why Not Have A Complete Cheehup?
GREASE and OIL? BATTERY? BRAKES? TIRES?
SEE
PETER ANDERSON CO. 24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Phone 4048
One Dad Tells Another
"YES SIR, THIS IS THE PLACE TO MEET OTHER DADS AND TO ENJOY ONESELF” On the Corner of the Campus.. .Yet the Center of Dad’s Day
Purdue Memorial Union Corner of the Campus ... Yet the Center of College Activities
INDIANA
UA/IM.-T/ICMLe
BACK.
.0.4=<JrtLe/Z.
OtiOke.X
H.CHERRY Back
, MILLER Center
OLMSTEAD Guard
(puAareR
F. FlucHoctc ;* I - V, ^ ‘ ^ ;^ ', ^ , _, ' ' 1 '
yS’i ■'' 'f''
' '■< ■ ’ ' r ' - ^' ' ,’ I■- 'if; “
B&B
coitple of vety obstinate snaokers... wotkers putting the finishing torches on the new Admifiistration Building *.. the “Hairy Ape” wandering, making, love to BETTY EVAN^, and scaring MARY ED JOHNSTON in the Sweet Shop , .. JEA.NETTE SCUDDHR dating CHARLIE MURPHY . . . LOUISE SCHICRLER carrying a transit while her husky party members carry a rod apiece .
Let Us Make You Men Again HAIRCUT 35c—SHAVE 25c Lafayette Barber Shop Under Farmers and Traders Bank
Building
SPECIAL! Brazil Block Coal 4.90 in IVz Ton Lots Also Stoker and Egg Coal COLUMBE COAL CO. 1712 South St. Phone 70SS We Cater to Fraternities and Sororities
Sodas Malted Milk Sandwiches Huffman Drug Co. 305 State, W. L.
Mete tite^ ote-~ Catd* mth. a mut^!
RYTEX PERSONAL CHRISTAAAS CARDS
50 >*1
PRINTED WITH YOUR NAME
hristmas just isn’t Ghristma /ithout these gay, heart-warw-mg Rytex Greetings. Designs definitely new ... exquisite stock . . , smart Folder Style . . . made to order with your name. All this, 50 Cards and 60 Envelopes for only $1.00. We urge you tp see the complete Rytex Line and to ORDER NOW!
Haywood*s
Retail Department
Fifth and Ferry Streets LAFAYBTTR.
EXPERIENCED A funny fellow is my DAD, For when I make an A he’s glad. But when I make a D, He just looks at me And wants to know “Who is she?’ —Student No. ?
JANE RUSSELL: “Did you get that grade in History honestly?” MARJORIE SUNDVAHL: “Of
THK PtJRDUE EXPONENT
Ted Livingston, tackle from Geneseo, Kansas,- will be in the starting lineup against the Boilermakers. Although a senior, Livingston will be playing only his second year as a regular. He is big, fast, a hard and sure charger, and he has a keen defensive sense.
course! When I kissed -Professor Wikel, I meant it.”
BARBARA AULD must feel more than proud of herself—for her brass nerve she will be given the goldejiedged shaving cup—^to get on with the yarn—^BARBARA’S steel clad crust makes her imagine that the method by wfijch she terminated her date for the dance tonight has a note of originality—^I have heard of one taking a bath on Saturday night and breaking a date for this purpose but to break a date so that she can wash her hair—maybe I’m nuts— no wise cracks, friends ...
MARS PASSES OUT Upon this day of beautiful November two very delicate MARS passes doth awaiteth the graceful approach of HELEN STEFFIE— yon Union desk shall marketh the appointed placeth to geteth these ducatseth—high noon will marketh the appointedeth houreth . . . Yea, verilyeth . - .
Beta Theta Pi
Beta Theta Pi fraternity an nounces the initiation of the following men: Hewitt Crosby, New York City; James Dale, Ponce, Puerto Rico;- Stephen Gutting, Shelbyville; Richard Johnson, Barberton, Ohio; Robert Juve, Akron, Ohio, Robert Lauer, Granite City, Illinois; Daniel Mortenson, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Norman Palmer, Indianapolis; William Troyer, Indianapolis; and Frank Winchell, Southport.
Thomas C. Donnelly, associate professor of government at the University of New Mexico, claims that the state public health laboratory has saved the people of New Mexico approximately-$650,000 since it was established in 1920.
BBVpWCB
bmg Winners ToHonorDads
Organizations To Enters tain At Union Today
The winners of the 1936 University Sing will present a special Dad’s Day program tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building. The progfram follows: Kappa Alpha Theta: Theta Lips, and Liebestrom; Sigma Chi: Sigma Chi Medley, and Fraternity; Kappa Kappa Gamma: Kappa Kappa Gamma True, Cleopatra, The Lure of the Key, K. K. G., Here’s to Our Legion, I Love You Ever, and Kappa Symphony. Phi Gamma Delta: Here’s to Good Old Delta^ On a Fiji Honeymoon, We’re Marching, Take an Evening in the Springtime, Tom Tom’s Beating, and Sing Me a Song of College Days; Alpha Chi Omega: Memories, and Alpha Chi; Delta Upsilon: Old Gold and Blue, D. U., D. U., and Hail! Delta Upsilon.
V.v’f
Sasss."''
:
SPECIALISTS
When our Shoe Clinic finishes- a diagrrasis of your shoe's ills, you know it's going to be a healthy shoe again. We can do ertything to shoes—no matter how sick they are—no matter HOW old —just a few cents can do wonders. Try It Today
Shiff*s Outlet Shoe Store; Rear 320 Main St. Lafoyetta
Reamers Sponsor Reflector Sales
Proceeds Go For Medals And Trophies, In Ward Athletics
Gold and Black reflectors will go on sale to students and townspeople this morning at a desk in the lobby of the Meniorial Union Building. Continuing a plan inaugurated several years ago, active members and pledges of Reamers, athletic boosters organization, will supervise the sales. The proceeds will be used to purchase medals and trophies for winners in ward athletics.
Book On Tradition
Besides the reflectors, books on tradition entitled “Fifty Years of Progress At Purdue,” by Dr. L. M. Sears, member of the history department, and Prof. W. M. Hepburn librarian, will also go on sale. The price of the books is 75 cents while the reflectors sell for 50 cents.
Professtsi* Carter Will Discuss Building Work
Prof.' A. H. Carter, of the school of mechanical engineering, will discuss “Faults Of Building Construction And Their Remedies,” Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock, at an open meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building.
Weteom e
DADS
Like the team ... we are out to win ... to win your good feeling and furnish you with the best groceries and meats obtainable.
Rostov’s Food Market
Fifth and Columbia, Fhone 5081
350 Feeders Gather Here
Frank King Speaks To Farmers, Stockmen
Nearly 360 farmers and stockmen visited the University farm yesterday for the annual fall meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders Association. Frank King, chief of the animal husbandry department and in charge of experimental feeding of beef cattle, explained the plans for this year’s feeding experiments. The group inspected the 70 head of two-year old Montana range Herefords which were put on feed this week. The steers were purchased by the University in Chicago jast Tuesday. The following officers were elected for the coming year: A. G. Findling, Russiaville, president; Brother Leo, Notre Dame, vice president; and Professor King, of the University, secretary and treasurer.
Rural Electric
Meeting Ends
G, A- Rietz, chairman of the rural electric division of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers, will address this morning’s session of the eighth annual rural electrification conference. Speaking before the opening session of the conference yesterday morning, H. J. Reed, assistant director of tho agriculture experiment station, stated that the University helps the farmer utilize electricity by furnishing him education and re-
searchi
One hundred commercial representatives from Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, and Indiana attended the
meeting.
ttO'H
You
DADS ENJOY THEIR VISITS TO PURDUE MORE WHEN THeY STAY AT THE LUXURIOUS UNION CL VB Arrange reservations NOW for his next visit... Mother’s, too Pnrdne Memorial Union ; Comer of the Campus ,,, Yet the Center of College Activiim
lilliiii
Uii
mf >i ■
f'
r
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost—Gold pocket watch. Valuable as keepsake. $5 reward. Donald Fitting, 224 Sheets.
Apartment for 4 or 5 men students, 203 University street.
Students Wsnted—^To sell the Exponent Saturday afternoon, Novenuoer 21, from 4 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. Call Morris, 5037-6088 after 4 p. m. —MORRIS.
Student Senate-Following committees have been appointed: Committee on Committees—^Farauharson, chairman; R^ner, Lippert, Bisterline, Wait, Reiley, Wirth. Elections Committee—Craig chairman; Elston, Bowman, Gutting, Jacobi, Clark. Student Relations Committee — Wood, chairman; Stewart, Lippert, Ohaver, Ahrens. Publicity Committee — Miles, chairman ;
O. E. CARR FurniHire Upholstering and Repairing Ph. 3758 106-8 Main St.
'Where Mr. Purdue Buys His Shoes" THOM McAN 424 Main St.
BARTLETTS DRUG CO. WEST SIDE
monfort, Catopl>oU. . „ . , . Constitutional Committee—^Rohyans, chairman; Reisner, Wirth, Gutting, Monfort. Hand-Book Committee—Elliott, chairman; Elston, Parkison, Jacobi, Ahrens. Each chairman will contact his committee and hold a meeting within two weeks. —MARTIN.
Sorority Recordings—^The date of making fraternity and sorority recordings has been chang^ from Wednesday, November 18 to Tuesday, November 24 at 8:16, in the Music Room. —PUTZE.
Ushers and Police—^All ushers and police report at the stadium at 12 noon, November 21, to work at the I. U. game —SANDERS.
Skull and Crescent—Get your stickers for the Indiana game as soon as possible at Triangle house. —JAGOBL
A. S. M. E. Members—Get copies of M. E. Journal from “Eddie” in Instrument Room in Mechanical Laboratory. —WELDY.
Purdue Flying Club—Ship is ready for flying. Anyone desiring to fly get in touch wi^ me until further notice. —McCRACKIN.
Tutors—Students interested in tutoring in freshman engineering subjects, apply in the Personnel ofifce. —BURRELL.
Fraternity Presidents—See that all five assessments, dues, and handbook assessments are turned in to me at Phi Kappa house as soon as possible. —STOCK.
Alpha Phi Omega—Pledge meeting Tuesday, November 24, at 7:30 p. m., in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —MERRIAM.
Roger Williams Club—^Picture will be taken November 22 at 9:45 a. m. at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. —SCHATZLEY.
Lutheran Students—Business meeting on Sunday evening, November 22 at 8:00 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. —BOEHM.
Debris Sophomores—All editorial workers meet in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m., November 20. —MASTERS.
Y. W. C. A.—Open meeting in form of worship service for Thanksgiving at 4 o’clock, November 26, in facuty lounge of Memorial Union Building. —SCHAEFFER.
W, A. A. Rooters—All girls interested in supporting the Black team at Dad’s Day exhibition game, sign up November 21. —JONES.
Ward 2—All men in Ward 2 wanting to play basketball phone 41853 between 12 and 3 o’clock, November 21. —KEFFABER.
Archery—The following will shoot in the novelty archery tournament at 10 a. m., November 21, on the archery range: Marie
We're Behind You Team! COLLEGE CAFETERIA Corner State and Grant
Beauty Rest Beauty Salon
324 Life Bldg.
Dial 5348
Wireless Minute On Permanent Waving $1.50 $2.50 .$3.50 $5.00 $7.00 Special Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
Plain Shampoo and Fingerwave Drone Shampoo and Fingerwave
... 35c .. 50c
OPEN EVENINGS BY APPOINTMENT
Ruth Usey
Alice Cassaday
For Class...€onveiiienee Comfort
Call a Yellow Why drive your own car and have the worries of traffic and parking. Yellow Cab
Baturday^ Ndvember 21,19j6
SpichSr, Mary K. Hudson, BYances Eastburn, Mary Leuther, Betty Bennett, Edna Stephan, Helen Wilson, Arlene Rothenberger, Dorothy Hardin, and Betty Bills. —RUSSELL.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges—<Iet key replicas at Phi Kappa Alpha House as soon as possible. Cost 26 cents. —SCHMUCK.
Physical Education For Women—The knowledge test in all fall activities except swimming and dance will be held November 23, at 4 o’clock. Students report as follows: Archery, • Tennis, and Bestrieted—^Women’s Gym. Field Hockey—Hygiene Lecture Room. Speedball—^Education 101. Bowling ahd Golf—Education 201. Pasture pictures will be taken November 23 and 24—8 to 12 and 1 to 4. Every student enrolled in physical education classes must make an appointment. —HAZBLTON.
W. A. A. Members—Sign up in Women’s Gym before November 28 at 4 o’clock for fall sport spread, which is to be held November 24 at 6 o’clock at W. A. A. Oabin.'^ 'Twenty-five cent charge. —ARNOLD.
Co-eds—^Bring your dads to W. A. A. Sports Day beginning at 10 o’clock, November 21, on the hockey field. —THOMPSON.
Mechanicals—Sign up for A. S. M. E. membership in G. A. Young’s office, by December 1, to make Purdue first in student branch roll call to be published in the December "Mechanical Engineering Journal.” —WELDY.
Girls Glee Club—Please be at Union at 7 p.m. sharp November 21 in pastel formals. —BELL.
Co-ed Hockey Teams—Members on the Gold and Black teams are: Gold—Helen Beko, Barbara Cook, Dorothy Cook, Jo Cook, Margery Charles, Jane Hall, Louise Harry, Katherine Mounce, Janette Morris, Minnadel Veneman, Georgia Walker, Martha Walker, Louanha Thompson, captain. Black—^Angeline Bratich, Barbara Dobson, Nellie Greenburg, Georgia Halstead, Mary Humphreys, Regina Kelly, Gladys Knollman, Jeanette Scudder, Janette Shaffer, Pauline Swick, Autumn Thatcher, Ruth Wiley, Elizabeth Arnold, captain. —RiefiEY.
Reamer Club—^An important meeting will be held in room A of the Memorial Union Building on November 23, at 8 p. m. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
Reamer Club—^All actives and pledges are required to meet at the south entrance of Ross-Ade Stadium at 12 p m., November 21. —BUXTON.
Mortar Board—^Meet November 21 at 11 o’clock in front of the Memorial Union Building for pictures. —ADKINS
Union Workers—^My committee meet in music room November 22 at 3 ;46 p m Be there, important. —PUTZE Our committees meet in workshop November 23, at 4 o’clock —PUTZE. STALLINGS, REED. Our committees meet in Union office at 4_ p. m., November 23. Will all people interested in make up work for the Thanksgiving Show, given by the Union, Thursday night, please meet in Union office November 2 at 4 p. m. All those who worked on Playshop are particularly urged to come out. —EZRA. My committee meet in office November 23, at 4-00 —WIEGANDT.
WBAA Broadcasts Variety Program, Dance Music Today Bud Bryant’s Orchestra Is Featured on Dad’s Day Hour Radio station WBAA will present two special programs from the music room of the Union today. The weekly children’s hour will begin at 11 o’clock and the Dad’s Day special variety program featuring Bud Bryant’s orchestra, will be broadcast from 12 to 12:30 this afternoon. As the music room can accomodate only about 50 people, those interested should plan to be there at least five minutes before the program starts. Game Broadcast The Purdule-Indiana game will also be broadcast over WBAA. F. Milner and G. W, Greey will announce a play-by-play description of the game, with J. A. Leppla and Bob Heine assisting. The Indiana network, including WO WO, Port Wayne, and WFBM, Indianapolis, will also broadcast the game with Gunner Smith at the mike.
DEAR DAD; While we are enjoying your visit, here at Purdue, immensely, there is one little matter we may overlook in all of this excitement. You see I could use another new suit and I felt that you couldn't say "NO" at a time like this. MERSEY'S, over across fronri the MARS THEATRE, will tailor one to MY INDIVIDUAL MEASURE at a VERY REASONABLE PRICE and they know just the correct styles and patterns for fellows at the University. There are other items I could use too, especially one of those new Campus Coats, which only cost $8.45. Of course, if you're rushed for time, you can just slip me the change and I'll get It later. jlM.
At the Game Today Hundreds of garments you will see have been Crown Cleaned although you will think they are new, direct from the fashion shops. More People at Purdue Have a Preference for Crown Cleaning Service ©90WN Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Welcome, Uads
Have you a Lafayette Life Insurance Educational Policy for your younger boy or girl so as to assure them an education at "Old Purdue"? We were pioneers in the field of Educational policies and have the plan THAT FITS.
The Lafayette Life Insurance Co. HOME OFFICE, LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Let’s Celebrate Thanksgiving Early With Turkey, Cranberry Sauce, Pumpkin Pie, and All the Trimmings, in the Most Pleasant Surroundings, The Chestnut Room
Parduo Memorial Union Corner of the Campus ... Yet the Center of College Activities