■
f
Fraternity Rush School To Open Tuesday, May 24 Sponsored by the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, the first session of the Fraternity “Rush School will be held Tuesday, May 24, at 7:30 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. Created for the purpose of bettering the rush chairmen’s conception of the problems of dealing with prospects, the two sessions will consist of informal talks by prominent townsmen and members of the fac-
ulty.
Charles McCabe, Lafayette lawyer and Delta Tau Delta adviser, will open the first session with a discussion on “Sizing Up the Individual.” The problems of corresponding with and interviewing prospects will be the subjects of talks by Professor J. H. McKee and A. H. Mon-
roe.
The second session of the school will be held on Thursday, May 26th at 7:30 p. m., in the Union ballroom. Professor Frank Hockema, C. B. Stewart and C. E. Dammon will discuss University selling points, policies, and problems .of admission, and the relation of the fraternity to the University. Tom Sheets, past president of the Union, is scheduled to speak on the question “Why Join a Fraternity?” WEAA To Broadcast Special Program Of Classica! Music At 2 Originating in the auditorium of Fowler Hall, a half hour program featuring classical and semi-clas-sical music by the University ' Symphony Orchestra, will be broadcast over radio station WBAA this afternoon at 2 o’clock, it was announced by Gilbert D. Williams, program director of the station. The program will include a medley by Victor Herbert, featuring the soprano voice of Charlotte Stewart; selections from Tschaikowsky’s immortal “I’raumerie;” and Oley Speaks’ famous “Sylvia,” featuring Walter Wagoner, tenor soloist and the conceit choir. Stewart Welcomes Business Officers Approximately 30 members attended the opening session of the fourteenth annual meeting of the Association of Business Officers of Indiana Universities and Colleges. R. B. Stewart, University controller, welcomed the visitors at a dinner held in the Women’s Residence Hall North last night. After the dinner they inspected the Hall. Included on the evening’s program was a display of present work being done in visual education. The film shown by Justus Rising, of the department of practical mechanics, was one being used for classroom instruction. An open-air breakfast will be given at the home of Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart this morning at 7 weather permitting. Addresses and reports are scheduled on this morning’s program followed by business session at 11:46 a. m. Luncheon will be served in the faculty lounge and local points of interest will be visited in the afternoon. Freshmen Compete In Judging Contest Ninety-three freshmen have qualified for the annual livestock judging contest to be held at the livestock Judging Pavilion starting at 8 this morning. The contestants will i|lace eight rings of animals \ in the morning and give reasons ] for their choices before committees in the afternoon. The Dean J. H. Skinner award will be presented to the contestant amassing the greatest number of points. The student having the second highest total will also receive a medal. The contest is being sponsored by Hoof and Horn Club, student animal husbandry organiza-
tion.
The awards will be made at a smoker held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30 this evening. S. W. Milligan, Wayne county agricultural agent, will be the principal speaker at the smoker.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY May2h 1938 Lafayette, lodBUina VOL. 49 No. 185
SM: lilts, j^cGhee, Frazee, Stapleton
Louis Lowe...
. . . and his orchestra of Indianapolis will be featured at the regular mixer tonight from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. Lowe has recently completed a winter contract at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. The regular admission price of one dollar will be charged. Photo Snappers Will Picnic Today Camera Club members will picnic today at Turkey Run State Park, with buses providing transportation from the west entrance of the Union Building at 1 o’clock. Prizes for the club’s spring exhibit will be awarded at supper this evening, and next yeai’s officers will be an-
nounced.
Program foi the afternoon includes swimming, hiking, and baseball, while in the evening the picnickers will dance and play pingpOng or cards at the park inn. The chaperones for the affair will be Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Williams and Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Horn. Dave Miller... . . . ex-business manager of the Exponent, ill with the mumps since Tuesday, is showing steady improvement and expressed his desire to return to classes when reached last night. According to his doctor, however, another week’s confinement is deemed necessary. ^Fairly Good\.. . . . was the report given last night by the St. Elizabeth Hospital on the condition of George W. Jaap Ag ’41, whose right hand was badly injured when chemicals with which he was experimenting in his room exploded Thursday evening. Two of Jaap’s fingers were blown off by the force of the explosion, and his thumb was amputated later.
SSS Banquet Honors Students For Work In Campus Activities With Dr. William Sandford, Pontiac, 111., newspaper editor, as the .. principal speaker and Fred Ahrens, CE ’39, as toastmaster, the annual Stage-Stump-Studio banquet last night honored several Universit^^ students. Receiving radio work awards, Henry Miller was selected the most outstanding announcer and the one having most nearly fulfilled all the requirements of a good announcer. John Hefner, ME ’38, also qualified for the latter award, as well &s receiving recognitipn for making the most outstanding'creative contribution to radio. ^Wv fe. Ash, ME ’38, made the greatest improvement m announcing during the year, according to the judges. In debate activity, Wayne Fredericks, PSE ’38, was declared the most outstanding and valuable debater. Recognition as the most improved speaker went to Joseph Rittenhouse, EE ’39. Charlotte Lochner, HE ’40, Maurice Karnowsky, ChE ’40, and Don Paarlberg, Ag ’40, were initiated into Tau Kappa Alpha, debate honorary. Honor for skill, service, and time, given to dramatics during the season went to Harry Brenman, CE ’39, and Bernard Everett, ME ’38, was rewarded for making the greatest contribution to dramatics during his four years here. Several other awards were made at the banquet which was attended by 160 students and faculty membeis. VFW^ American Legion Will Sell Poppies May 28 SponsOjied by the Veteians of Foreign Wars and the American Legion, Saturday, May 28, will be the annual “Poppy Day.” At this time an opportunity to paiticipate in the work being done by these organizations for the needy veterans and their dependents will be presented to the people of Lafayette. “We' should consider it a high privilege to wear a poppy on that day as an indication of our recognition of our indebtedness to the veterans who sacrificed themselves for the welfare of the country,” Mayor William N. Teal stated recently, expressing hope for a generous response to this appeal.
Foresters Will Instigate Interdass Competition in Field Day At Cary Camp Forestry Club will hold their annual field day at Cary Camp this afternoon. A program of inter-class competition has been instigated in an effort to maintain the class rivalry which has sprung up in the last year. A round robin baseball game will start the program off, after which various track events will be run off. Following the track events competition in the various fields of forestry have been scheduled. The class amassing the greatest number of points in these competitions will have their class numbers engraved on an oak plaque which will be hung in the new wing of the Horticultural Building. This presentation is to be made an annual award. In the evening Charles Walteis will receive the Spencer Award, a Keuffel and Esser foresters’ compass, for his all around ability as a forester and his outstanding service to the Forestry Club. Meredith Club Elects Moorhead President Martha Moorhead was elected president of Virginia C. Meredith Club at the regular meeting yesterday afternoon in the Home Economics Auditorium. Margaret Richey “and Barbara Warren were chosen to serve as vice-president and sec-retary-treasurer respectively. Barbara Gibbs and Margaret Johnson are the new senior advisors, and junior advisors are Betty Masters and Marie Spicher. At the business session the club voted to send Nina DeWitt, letiiing president, as its representative to the convention of the American Home Economics Association to be held at Pittsburgh in June. Soil Students Picnic Today At Crops Farm Agronomy students will attend their second annual picnic at the Soils and Crops farm grove this afternoon. The group will meet in front of Ag Hall at 2:30 and proceed to the picnic grounds from there. Faculty-student games will be played and the “sickle” will be presented to the winner. Members of the Agriculture Experiment Station as well as faculty and students will be represented at the outing.
Union Oil Hires Noiting Copies Of Debris...
Henry S. Noiting, ChE ’38, has accepted a position in the development division of the Union Oil Company. Noiting will depart June 12, immediately after graduation, for Los Angeles, Calif., where he will report for duty on June 20.
. . . will be distributed from 11:30 a. m. to 2 p. m. today in the Debris office in the Memorial Union Building. So far, 1,749 yearbooks have been delivered; 651 copies of the Debris will be on hand today for dstribution.
Noted Flyers Will Execute Delayed Chute Drops, Formations At Show
Tomorrow morning at 9:30 at the University airport, the curtain will rise on the tenth annual American Legion-Purdue Airshow in which many noted aviators will play principle roles. The first act, which will occupy most of the morning, will feature a model airplane contest for all amateur airplane builders. As one of the many features on the afternoon program, six University graduates who are officers in the 113th Observation Squadron of the Indiana National Guard, will provide a novel exhibition of formation flying using a two-way radio communication system. Arrangements have been completed at the airport to pick up on the short wave receiver the two-way communica-
tions between the planes and broadcast the conversation to the crowd at the airport through the use of an amplifier and the loud speaker system. The University graduates who will take part in this novel feature include Capt. A. W. Sweeney ’17, and Lieuts. W. E. Brown ’29, E. M. Bryan '22, R. N. Taylor ’21, T. E. Brankenfield ’29, and W. B. Morgan ’16. Mike Murphy will be on hand with a demonstration of stunt and precision flying including taking off from, and landing on, the roof of a speeding car. Earl (Whitie) Stein, on weekdays a staid business executive at Fostoria, 0., but on week-ends, the
. . . J. A. Dilts
Senior Secretary
world’s only bat-wing parachute jumper, will show his prowess by leaping out at 10,500 feet and opening his parachute within a few hundred feet of the ground. Other flyers who will participate are C. A. Middleton, Williaip Moose, Commander E. S. Leach, executing “Grandpa Snazzy,” “Dipsy Doodle,” flying and dead stick landings. Don Stremmel, national and all-Ameri-can air race announcer, will give the official instructions over the Univexsity’s public address system which has been moved from the stadixxm to the airport. For the benefit of short wave fans transmitters in the planes will be set on 8106 kc. and can be picked up on short wave sets at 3.1 megacycles.
Students Crowd Polls In Union Lobby As Taxi Service Gathers Voters On Campus After a day marked by students crowding the polls in the Union lobby and by the usual election ‘taxi service’ to the Union Building, Richard M. McGhee, Henry Frazee, and Richard Stapleton were elected to Student Athletic Association offices. McGhee became senior secretary, and Frazee and Stapleton will be junior vice-presidents. J. A. Dilts, one of last year’s candidates, automatically became SAA president because of the ineligibility of the other candidate, C. T. Swan, who had won a varsity letter. States Ambitions New SAA Prexy ... Henry Frazee, one of the newly elected vice-presidents, expressed ambitions last night for the SAA saying; “Next year I’ll keep my eyes open for anything that can be coriected or amended, but at this early date I can’t state any definite plans. All I can say is that I hope I can do the SAA some good.” None of the other officers could be reached last night for statements of their
plans.
McGhee, Fi’azee and Stapleton received 829 straight party votes as their opponents, William Yeoman, Robert Viehe, and Donald Rice, took only 500. McGhee got 128 split votes, and Yeoman garneied 144. Viehe, Frazee, Stapleton, and Rice received 194, 133, 193, and 95 split party votes respectively. Ballot Totals Totals of the votes cast in the SAA elections yesterday: For senior secretaiy—McGhee, 957; Yeoman, 644. For junior vice-president—Staple-ton, 1032; Fiazee, 962; Viehe, 694; Rice, 598.
WSGA To Enforce 11 p. m. Hours For Finals Week Eleven o’clock hours will be in force for co-eds during the first week of finals, according to a decision made by WSGA judicial board at the regular weekly meeting Thursday night in the WSGA office. However, at the end of the period of finals, the ruling provides for 12 o’clock hours on Wednesday and Thursday, June 8 and 9. The usual 1 o’clock houi’s will be in effect on Friday and Saturday nights. There will be 12 o’clock hours on Sunday, May 29, before the Memo-i-ial Day holiday also, stated Peggy Hamilton, judicial board chair-
Antique Cultivator Gift To Ag Museum Said to be one of the first of its kind used in Indiana, a riding cultivator was donated by Claude Bronaugh. New Ross, to the University agricultural museum in the new Ag Engineering Building, where various antiquated farming implements are on exhibit. The cultivator was purchased by John and Philip Bruch of New Ross, in 1867. The cultivator is without levers, and the lifting of the gangs is controlled by the driver throwing his weight backward and forward on the seat. Only the inside shovels ai'e moveable. The cultivator was purchased by Bronaugh at a sale, for a donation to the museum. YWCA Cabinet To Picnic Today At Kickapoo Falls Members of next year’s YWCA cabinet will meet for a “retreat” picnic at Kickapoo Palls this afternoon. Games and other recreation will be combined with the more serious work of planning the YWCA program to be carried out next fall. Miss Clare Coolidge, YWCA faculty advisor, will accompany the group.
. . . R. M. McGhee
Student Alliance Elects Officers For 1938-'39 Purdue Student Alliance announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: Clark E. Burton, Sci ’39, of West Lafayette, chairman; William E. Dunshee, ME ’40, of Glencoe, 111., vice-chaix’man; Reginald W. Bass, Sci ’41, of Indianapolis, secretary; James O. Davis, ChE ’40, of Winchester, program chairman; and Martin Skolnick, Sci ’41, of New York City, publicity chaii-man. Newly elected officers and senior members of PSA will be honored at a picnic at Happy Hollow today. Those wanting to attend the outing should meet m the west lounge of the Union, announced PSA officials last night. Campus Varieties... . . . will give their last show of the year in i^ooms 1 and 2 of the Union this afternoon from 3 till 4. Lou Schilling’s orchestra will play and song specialties and novelties will be presented by Dorothy Martin, Marge Starrett, Sal Palma, Russ Mock, Charlie Powell, and others.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Unsettled today, possible local thundershowers. Cooler in extreme northwest portion; partly cloudy in north portion. Possible showers in south; somewhat warmer in extreme north tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 81; low, 67; mean, 74.
a?- •j >W» V
■
u-
t:
fjiittftiaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diunufi.
Saturday, May 21, 1938
Jhs £dijtoh Sa^ ' Regretful In Election..
. considerations is the fact a defeated candidate often does not sense nor learn the reason for his failure to advance to higher office. Perhaps more regretful, however, is thist A chance to go ahead in his activitiy might have fitted him with the qualities in which the electors deemed him lacking or might have helped him overcome any weaknesses with which that electoral board thought him too well supplied. The question arises ; Is it not the purpose of the activity to train the individual ? And the answer necessarily, for higher positions at least, must be: One important function of the activity is to provide developing experience to its participants . . . but in order to do that well, and in order to perform its other duties most successfully, the activity must be headed by those students who already are best trained in its related affairs. Maintaining an entirely student-managed organization on any other basis seems rather foolish, when you consider the fundamental strength of competition. The hardest-working, most resourceful students must be promoted to insure the availability to the activity of similar personnel thereafter.
But hard work doesn’t count for everything. How often in the past few weeks haye we heard; “That fellow is a hard worker and efficient, but we can’t elect him because he just won’t cooperate. He tries too much to boss persons of his own level.”
When they have time to give attention individually, officers of an organization can pass along to their workers a great deal of profitable advice, not only in routine matters which concern the group but also in general conduct. Many activities operate pretty much on a business basis, and the rules for getting along in them will apply to work after graduation.
■MEMBER
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscription $3 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Managrer
H. I. Stanback
R. R. Hensler
. PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor .1 L. S. Hardin City Editor D- A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager....... .....E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager - W. F. Berg Sales Manager : V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Kevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
Editor. ...i Associate Editors....
SPORTS ST AFF R. h. McDonald " J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate, students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Harmon Saturday, May 21, 1938
DICK OBENCHAIN, the Sigs’ Gimlet man, went to extremes at the “G” party the other night in order to get an UPlook on life from the gutter.
CLEAN THAT hat Dick, or alter your story, because it’s a dead giveaway. '
BOB VIEHE, the Fig.ee, had the whole Theta house stringing political cards for him—and Bob was stringing the Thetas.
NO ROOM to complain gals, you got a picnic in the rain and a good chance for a pin.
WE SUGGEST that a leather bound book be made of all the TRADITIONS of our campus, even if it would be bigger than the Debris.
SPECIAL NOTE might be given to the HEAVILON HALL escapades for the benefit of the new freshmen co-eds and a few of the old ones.
‘Shall I pay you off in cash—or would you prefer to keep my lost balls ?”
In dealing with their workers, however, activity heads must remember one of the first principles of leadership ; It’s good policy to praise a fellow publicly, but when you want to bawl him out, do it in private.
We know one senior officer, however, who got into the habit of drinking cokes-—that AllAmerican addictive beverage—when his activity and school work combined to make great demands on his energy. Since stepping out of office he says, he scarcely ever thinks of drinking one.
THE VICIOUS CIRCLE, It seems that there is a Schmuck-Ramsey-Bates combination that has been hanging fire for some time. The other night Schmuck had a date with Ramsey, so Bates takes him out drinking. Then for a followup the next night Bates makes good and Schmuck takes Bates around.
What, Where, When?
Local Ads
By Georgann Schilling
THE JIBE IS that they are both too much on equal par when it comes to competition. Well boys, there’s that new material coming up next year and maybe you, can compromise. /
An Activity Draws.
. . . upon special likings and aptitudes of the student and usually works its way in closely to his inner self. Just how strong this attachment becomes sometimes is not found out until after elections, and frequently after a particular candidate has fallen short of his goal.
It is then the student tells how he wrote of his part and progress in his chosen activity in every letter home . . . and how the folks there did not go to bed on election night until telegraphed of his fate. In re-living their own lives in that of their son or daughter—in hoping to realize there some of their own ambitions in youth—the parents may be more gladdened or saddened by the success or failure of the student than by any similar fortune of their own.
Interesting speculation: We wonder how often the “right” candidate does not get elected . . . how many defeated candidates could have handled the position better than the fellow who got in ? Our opinion is that an important office brings out the best in a student . . . that the incumbent often looks better than his defeated rivals because he has a chance to show his best side . . . that there are usually at least two or three other students who could step in and discharge the duties equally as well.
THEN THERE was the freshman who went over to the Student Athletic Association polls to cast his ballot for next year’s basketball captain.
From Theta Chi’s paper-doll cutter comes word that he DOES cut out paper dolls at the Chi 0 house for art’s sake alone—also that his name is Fuller not Filler.
Students who scratch their ballots in campus elections may be taking^eir suffrage seriously, but they certainly cause extra work and worry for vote counters. Remarked one election deputy during the tallying of yesterday’s SAA and yell leader ballots, “Darn those persons who mix up their tickets . . . they’re even getting me mixed up on this vote sorting,”
WB A A Programs
Now that summer has come, the idea of vacations is not in the too 'far distant future. Undoubetdly, some of your traveling will be done on the train. The well-bred tourist is characterized by his good-natured kindliness toward everyone. He does not make himself conspicuous in any way, nor does he encroach upon the rights of others. He refrains from spreading his luggage all over the aisle for others to trip over, rushing madly for the best seat, or claiming more service or attention than that to which he is entitled. Before opening or shutting a window, he consults those next or opposite him, whose comfort might be affected. He does not force his company nor his conversation upon anyone.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigrraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—Flower shop, two greenhouses, with duplex adjoining, five-car garage; established 22 years; located in central Indiana. Excellent bargain for $3,000 cash, remainder in payments. Address replies to P. 0. Box 225,..Lafayette, Indiana.
ROOMS^—To let to summer coeds. 102 Andrew Place.
LOST—Mottled gray Eversharp pen on east side of campus. Finder call Low, East Cary Hall. Reward.
Today
Election To Office...
... and consequent taking over of new responsibilities provide an excellent opportunity for improving personal habits—for dropping bad ones, assuming good ones. Change from the old routine and the excitement of advancing to a higher position help to get off the old beaten paths, make it easier to start into new ones.
New Standard for Electioneers: How many votes did you get per gallon (of gas) ?
This same opportunity presents itself to the retiring officers . . . but the results, we fear, are less beneficial. The urge to make good isn’t so strong in this case.
Dick McGhee’s winning party burned up 56 gallons yesterday in dragnetting the campus for voters . . . and polled an average of nearly 950 votes for each winning candidate. That makes about 17 votes per gallon . . . but there are no figures for determining the efficiency— that is, the percentage obtained by subtracting the number voting for the other party from the total number of voters brought in and dividing by the number brought, in.
11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—-“Don’t Listen.” 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Market Reports. 12:15—Malcolm Miller, pianist. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—-Tune Time, Chas. Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Behind the Lens. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—College Caravan. 2:15—Tune Topics. 2:30—Stamp Glub of the Air. 2:45—James Wilson, guitar. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
You will find that sleeping cars are built for convenience, not comforts. It is neither good taste nor good judgment to fuss over smalF discomforts. When you are ready to go to bed, you ring for the porter to make up the berth. A truly polite person consults his or her seatmate
WANTED—One KITTEN. 5 ft. 110 lbs. Return tomorrow; Call 6862. Ask for Huck.
before asking to have the berths made up. According to long-estab-lished custom, the person who has the lower berth is entitled to the seat facing forward.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley
Co-eds at Michigan State College are thought to be rather extravagant by the statistician who tracked down these figures: the average coed buys 23 pairs of hose and 20 to 30 cai'tons of cigarettes each year.
Smith College has received a cast of the skull of an adult male of the “homo sinanthropus Pekinese” or Peking man.- Dr. Trever Bowen controller of the, Peiping Union Medical College sent this unusual specimen to the school. It is believed to be the only such cast in the country.
Strangely enough, a 50-year-old student at Bay City Junior College isn’t angry at her teacher who flunked her in geology and astronomy, The instructor is Prof, J. H. George, head of the geology and astrology department—^her husband.
BAST TIMES TODAY Fred Scott in “Moonlight on the Range”
Eric Linden in ^Sweetheart of the Nalry”
“Painted Stamon”No, 10
Midnite Show Tonite 11:30
DAREDEVIL CAMERAMEN HELL-BENT FOR LOVE, ADVENTURE AND NEWS!
WALLACE FORD JUNE TRAVIS DEAN JtAGGER AttTHVR LAKE
-'TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
Renfrew of
SALESLADY
The Royal
Mounted
Weldon
with
Heybum
Jaincs Newill
Anne Nagel
mm
—LAST DAY-
Flyihg Thrills . . Jungle Terrors!
—AND— A TREAT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY! A THRILL FOR THE WHOLE WORLD!
STARTING SUNDAY
VAUANTLY THEY DEFY A BROODING, UNSEEN WORLD-MEMACE!
LORETTAYOUNG RKMAED GREENE
OEORO* DAVID C.AUBm SAINSERS -NIVEN- SMITHp*w;^pp
I "
‘ ’ ,
.
Saturday# May 21. 1938
THE PURDUE
Sp
EXPONENT
iOiIgt
Swimmers Compete liver
The fifteenth annual river swim will be held Monday at 4:15 p. m. when 15 contestants will strive to break the present record of 22 minutes and 55 seconds set last year by J. Graham, for the two and one-half mile course. Swimmers will enter the river at a point opposite Lincoln Lodge and' race to the Brown Street bridge.
Each swimmer will be followed by a boat in case of fatigue. At present there is a lack of boats and the ■ intramura:! department is asking that anyone having a boat get in touch with them before time of the swim. Winner of the event will receive a trophy and the next five men will receive medals.
Gym Lockers
Men’s Gymnasium locker holders are to return key, lock, and towel not later than June 11, 1938. No deposits will be returned after this date.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 19 7 .731 Chicago 17 12 .586 Cincinnati ,. 14 12 .539 Boston 12 11 .521 Pittsburgh 13 13 .600 St. Louis 12 13 .480 Brooklyn .....12 18 .400 Philadelphia. 6 17 .261 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 16; Philadelphia, 7.' Pittsburgh, 6; Brooklyn, 7. Cincinnati, 4; New York, 0. St. Louis-Boston (rain). AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 19 9 *679 Boston 17 9 .664 New York 15 9 .626 Washington 17 14 .548 Chicago 9 11 .450 Detroit 11 15 .425 Philadelphia 8 17 .320 St. Louis 7 19 .269 Yesterday’s Results Boston, 16; St. Louis, 2. Philadelphia, 6; Detroit, 2. Washington, 3; Cleveland, 6. New York-Chicago (rain).
R. C. Woodworth, ■ Athletic Director
River Swim Men desiring to enter river swim please sign up on I-M bulletin board. —CLEVETT.
that FIFTY CENTS
to
Deae Soufhwarfh or tho Union Desk for your
Summer Session
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry To The Baltimore’s
Price Wrecking REMODELING SALE
New Spring HATS
$5.00 Knox Hats
$3.79
$3.85 Portis Hats $2.79
Don’t wait. These prices can’t last forever. Hundreds of people have already shared in this dynamic sale! Come in before the wrecker starts to work and get your share of these sensational values.
Every Garment Must Be Sold Regardless of Cost!
Men’s
Wilson’s Faultless No-Belt PAJAMAS Values.to $2,50
$1.69
SUITS
Wilson’s Oban SHIRTS
Values to $2.00
$1.19
Values to $3.50
$1.69
Whites included
$12.85 Former Value to $25.00
SUITS $17.85 Values to $27.50
SPRING TIES 65c values 39c
$1.00 values 69c
DRESS PANTS Values to $6.00 $3.85 , All Styles
SUITS .... $23.85 Values to $30.00
SUITS ..... . . . $26.85 Values to $37.50
Wilson’s Buffer HOSE
19c
Better Hose 29c
Wilson’s SHHITS SHORTS 50c values 39c
Free Alterations
Our entire stock Spring, Mid-winter TOPCOATS cut to $12.85 and $17.85
Skipper SPORT SHIRTS $1.00 values 69c
414 Main Street
Team Defeats Ohio State, 3-1
Team Tightens Hold On Second Place
With Bredewater's Fourth Victory
Columbus, 0., May 20. (Special).—Flawless hurling by Arnold Bredewater gave Purdue’s baseball team a 3 to 1 victory over Ohio State this afternoon to tighten its hold on second place in the conference race. Bredewater gave the Buckeyes but four hits as he personally led the Purdue attack on John Dagehhard with two of the Boilermakers’six singles.
All of Purdue’s runs came in a concerted fifth inning uprising that Bredewater started with a clean single and was sacrificed to second by Hearne. Dickinson, Mackiewicz, and Dean hit successive singles, the latter two of the Texas league variety, which were good for the three runs and the victory.
Fuente Wins In Big
Ohio’s lone tally came in the next inning, when, with one out, second baseman Gene Myers rattled a triple off the stadium wall and came home on Washburn’s fly to left. Bredewater was master of the situation for the remainder of the game, allowing no Buckeyes to get to first base.
The victory failed to help the Boilermakers gain on the high flying Indiana team, as the Hoosiers squeezed out a 2 to 0 victory over Wisconsin. Purdue and Ohio will engage in the second game of the series tomorrow with Heiss or Mangas as the probable starters for the Boilermakers.
Box score: - Purdue AB R H E Hearne, 2b 4 0 1 0 Dickinson, cf 4 1 1 0 Stamm, If 4 0 0 0 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 11 1 Dfean, rf 4 0 10 Thompson, ss 4 0 0 0 Waling, lb 4 0 0 0 Art Bredewater, c .. 4 0 0 0 Arn Bredewater, p .. 4 12 0
As expected, the Chicago and Northwestern tennis teams are dominating the play in the Big Ten tennis tournament which was held at Northwestern Thursday, yesterday, and continued today.' In the opening singles matches held. Thursday, the Maroon racquet meii won their matches in each of the six divisions, while only one Wildcat man was eliminated. Krietenstein of Chicago defeated Duddelston of Northwestern in the number five singles for the only defeat for Northwestern. Purdue Men Herbert Fuente, Purdue’s num.ber one player, was the only Boilermaker to come through with a victory. He defeated ,Petrich of Minnesota 6-3, 11-9. Ferris Traylor, playing in the number four tournarnent, was beaten by Jorgenson of Chicago, while Leon Gardner,, the other Boilermaker entry, was defeated by Froehling, Northwestern number two man. Gardner and Fuente were to compete in the number one doubles tournament yesterday, while Wakefield and Traylor were to play in the number two tournament.
Totals
36 3 6 1
Ohio State AB R H E Wasylik, If 4 0 0 0 Myers, 2b : 3 1 1 2 Washburn, rf 4 0 0 0 Laybourn, lb ; 4 0 2 0 Wolfhurst, c 4 0 1 0 Smith, rf 2 0 0 0 Pape, 3b .................... 3 0 0 1 Haas, ss 3 0 0 1 Dagenhard, p 2 0 0 0
Tennis
Today—1:15 Class “B” Doubles Sigma Nu vs. Winner (Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.) Pi Kappa Phi vs. Winner (Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta)
Freshman Tennis G. J. Frey vs. Anderson.
Totals 29 1
Strikeouts: by Dagenhard, 5, by Bredewater, 3. Bases on balls: off Bredewater, 2. Triples: Myers. Double Plays: Hearne to Waling. Hit by pitcher: By Dagenhard, Dean. Stolen bases: Dean, Myers.
All-Campus Tennis D. P. Morse vs. C. T. Miller.
Baseball Today—1:15 Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Theta Pi.
MAKE PLANS NOW TO ATTEND THE AMERICAN LEGION’S 10th ANNUAL
AIR SHOW
PURDUE UNIVERSITY AIRPORT SUNDAY, MAY 22 A Full Day Thrills!
A Daring Exhibition of Flying Skill by ‘‘Mike” Murphy and Linco Flying Aces
• Precision Acrobatics • Parachute Jump • Bat-Wing Jump
Speed Dashes Smoke Writing Glider Acrobatics
‘MIKE” MURPHY WILU ALSO TAKE OFF AND LAND ON A MOVING AUTO WITH HIS CUB LIGHT PLANE!
Flying Exhibitions: in Afternoon 2 to 5 Model Plane Contests in Morning 9:30 to 12
ADMISSION
Adults 25c
Children Under 12-—lOe FREE AUTO PARKING
SANDWICHES AND COLD DRINKS AT POPULAR
PRICES
Rain Interrupts Exhibition Match
Boilermaker Track,
Of Tennis Stars
Yesterday’s tennis match between Catherine Wolf, 10th nationally ranking women’s player, and Olan Parks, 6th ranking in the junior singles in the Western Tennis Association, was interrupted by rain after one compete set and part of the second, Patks won the first set easily 6-1, when Miss Wolf’s play was very erratic. However, she settled down in the second setj and when the rain broke up play, the score stood 7-6 in Parks’favor. The crowd, composed largely of co-eds interested in learning to play tennis, was favorably impressed by Miss Wolf’s form and accuracy. On frequent occasions she passed Parks as he came to the net in the second set and was hitting the ball well near the end.
Golf Teams Away For Meets Today
WAA News
Next Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock, an all-star baseball game will be played between two selected teams, the Gold and the Black. The members of the teams will be chosen as a result of interclass competition. WAA’s baseball championship goes to Kappa Kappa Gamma. After winning over all the teams in league two, the Kappas defeated the Chi Omegas, champions of league
Purdue’s track and golf teams are out of town today, with the trackmen running at Columbus, 0., in the conference meet and^e golf squad meeting Iowa and Indiana at Iowa City, la. At the Big Ten track meet are some of the strongest squads in the country, Michigan, Ohio State, and Indiana teams. Michigan has held a monopoly on Midwestern tracks for the past five years, winning the titles in«.both indoor and outdoor meets, and in the Butler Relays, and reigns as favorite today. Chuck Fenske, Wisconsin’s star distance man, will headline the conference stars; Chuck has ruled the distance events in Big Ten meets for the past two years, and his latest achievement was the winning of a 1000-yard invitational race at the Drake Relays over San Romani. In the hurdles Gedeon of the Wolverines, Robinson of Illinois, and Purdue’s Bob Lemen will hold the spotlight. In last year’s meet. Bob finished third after slipping at the last hurdle. He went to the Big TenPacific Coast meet in California to place third and beat both of the men that finished ahead of him at the Big Ten meet. Other Boilermaker hopes are Bodeau, middle distances; Knapp, distances; Curran, javelin; and DeLong, dashes.
You'll Like It Too
• Keep Posted on Campus Events ail summer for 50c.
Summer Session Editions
of the
Exponent
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Frequent cleaning of summer garments not only prolongs their life but keeps them cool and good looking.
Send them to the American for either dry cleaning or laundering. We are prepared to give you the bes t of service and workman-
ship.
Phone 3085
AMERICAN UUNDRY
■■J a%. I
Tomorrow In The Churches St. John’s , 10:45—Morning: prayer and sermon by the rector. 6:00—Final meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship 'in parish house.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Dr. Graves will continue his discussion of “The New Society.” 10:45—Morning Worship. The pastor, Dr. Graham, will discuss the theme, “How Far Can You Travel on Sunday?” The choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will sing “The Prayer,” by Mascagni. 5:00—The Cabinet for the past year will meet with the cabinet for the coming year. Supper will be sei'ved at 5:30.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Student Class, Professor F, R. Hall will speak. 10:40—Morning worship, the Reverend Doyle Mullen will speak on the subject, “So You Are Going to be Married?” 6:00—Vespers, a student service of worship and meditation. 6:30—Young people’s discussion hour. Rabbi Simon will speak on the subject “Judaism and Christianity.” 7:15—Social hour and supper. 7:30—Evening worship. Mrs. Merle McClure will speak concerning “Youth Movements Today.”
Wesley Foundation 8:00—Members of the old and new Council will have breakfast together and leave at 9 for Battle Ground where they will spend the day planning the program for next year. 9:30—Prof. C. L. Porter will teach the men’s student class. 10:40—Dr. Steel will preach on: “Aldersgate, Then and Now.” 5:00—Fellowship supper at the Foundation. 6:30—Epworth League at the Foundation. Rev. McFadden will lead a discussion on “What is Life All About ?”
All Dancing...
. . . will be banned at Valparaiso University next year, W. C. Kickemeyer, president of the Lutheran University Association, announced yesterday. This dance-ban movement was to cooperate with an official stand made by the Lutheran church.
THE POBDIIE EXPONENT
Scrturday# May 21, 1938
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Tan Beta Pi: Initiations postponed until next week. (6-21) —MUSHAM.
Dairy Club: Dairy students please sign up at the bulletin board in Smith Hall before Saturday, May 21, if you are planning to attend the dairy picnic Saturday. —MYERS.
Varsity Trackmen: Debris pictures postponed until Tuesday, May 24. —ROPER. Scrivener Actives and Pledges: Meet in Union rooms 1 and 2 for initiation service at 6 p. m. Sunday, May 22. Please bring, initiation fees. Banquet at Wheeler’s at 6:30 p. m. —JUSTIN.
Summer School Students: Due to the laek of summer school catalogues, those desiring to see thepn, please come to the summer school office in the Executive Building. (6-24) —KNIGHT.
students will be held at 8 a. m. Sunday, May 22, at St. John’s Church. All communicant members are urged to attend. —THORNTON.
Senate: Will all junior senators and ayy interested senator meet in the Senate office at 4 p. m. Saturday, May 21, to hear information concerning NSFA. —ELLIOTT.
Musical Organizations: All students who are planning to attend banquet on Wednesday, May 26, at 6:30 p. m., make reservations at musical office before noon, Saturday, May 21. —CODDINQTON.
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club: Picnic Sunday, May 22, at WAA cabin. Meet at 3:00 p. m. in main lounge of Union for transportation. (6-22) —BRANDT. Pistol Team: All members of the varsity and freshman teams meet in room 103 of the Armory, at 4:16 p. m. Monday, May 23. —CAPT. KAY.
Agronomy Students and Faculty: Picnic Saturday, May 21, at Soils and Crops farm grove. Meet at 2:30 p. m. in front of Ag Hall. Transportation provided. Wear old clothes. -FLANAGAN.
Freshmen Exponent Co-eds: Work schedule for week of May 28 to 28: Monday: simpson, Totten, Joy: Tuesday: Short, Pickering. Burtsileld ; Wednesday: Sebast, Carr, Miller; Thursday: Qreger, Carroll, Perkins ; Friday: Rose, Stanley; Saturday: Jakes, McMaths, Johnson. —McKEE.
Union Workers: All available Union workers sign up in the Student Union office for distributing questionnaires, before Monday, May 23. Important. —ASHTON.
AIChE: Election of officers Monday, May 22 in room 202 of Heavilon Hall at 4 :16. , —GRIFFBNHAGEN.
Reamer Members: day. May 23, 8 p. Union.
Reamer meeting Monm. in room A of the
—JACKS.
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Roger Williams Club class. Prof. Burl Slocum of China will speak. 10:35—Baptist seniors will be honored at this service. The pastor, Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, will speak on the subject, “Who are You?” 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour. After a few moments at the church the group will go to the home of Prof. J. R. Wiley for supper and meeting. 7:30—Baccalaureate service for theWest Lafayette High School at the First Methodist Church.
Chinese Students Club: There will be a meeting of the Club Saturday, May 21, in room C of the Union Building at 1 p. m. It is important that all members be present. —SOO-HOO.
Women Students: All women students Interested in living in a co-op house daring the summer, call 41804. (6-23) —BOAS.
YWCA Cabinet Members: Those attending spring retreat meet in Union YWCA office at 1 p. m. Saturday, May 21. —KLINE.
Episcopal Students: The last corporate communion and breakfast for Episcopal
You’ll Soon Be Putting Away Your Winter Clothes Have them cleaned by Crown . . . they are moth proofed by the MONITE Process as they are being cleaned. NO EXTRA CHARGE
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE-TOP OF THE HILL
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Slds of Sqore Fine Jewelry at M[oderate Prices
:'s tiot Worth That Much —
Don't Bury Yourself During The Summer Keep in touch with the Old Stamping Ground — Subscribe to the Summer Edition of the Exponent and "Be in the know." Summer Session of the the Purdue Exponent • Mailed Anywhere
But- ^ iCs Worth More Than 50c Subscribe Today ,0 Summer Session Edition Purdue Exponent
P.S.
Mailed Anywhere
---Don’t Like to Dictate, But-
You can’t be too particular about the quality of workmanship and materials in your car.
Peter Anderson Comi^any
Phone 4048
“After You We Come First”
525 Alabama Street
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Beoksfores
''DEAC' Everything for a Cc^lege ^iuoatton SOUIHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdu* Student • Fvnfastbnal
DH. A. M. miON DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelry
R. I. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is' all we do, but we do It well. Wallace Block . 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
• Locksmith
”C" CARTER BICYCIE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L' • Shoe Rapair BOSSUNG Shoe Rapair Shop tai tlw VARSITY BOOT SHOP • Ftoritf Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 1050
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed — Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayette
Printing
SUDDEN SERVICE
□
P
RINTING one* StaUPNcry • • WiilJInt InvIlaQoni
PHONE ” ' *•*•* E»«.... 2 621 CASSEL’S 40iFEiHiy