T I
A I
MERRY-GO-ROUND Asks Why I.C.C. Piddles With Railroad Securities
%
^tRblishedlSSf
Stormy Weather!
EDIT COMMENTS On Present Graduatirig
Senior Class
^ “M:
('f'f'
Volume 56, No. 120
Purdue UniYersity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, February 26, i944
University Will Hold Commencement Exercises Fire Attacks Pi Kappa Alpha House 73 CaJetjej EHiolt To Confer
While Members, Theta Chis Prepare To Attend Sophomore Cotillion Fete
Incorporates ImprOvenjents University’s new Private Auto-
matic Branch Exchange telephone system, inaugurated last Saturday
Graduate In Degrees Tomorrow
RCA Course
Last night in the East Faculty
One hundred and fifty-two degrees will be conferred by President E. C. Elliott tomorrow afternoon at the University’^s T3rd
B, Marl. Paellaru., 33.07 ha™ L,„„i.aUhe bn,™ thehUg^p commencement, to be held at 2:80 in the Music HaU. Theaca-
Last night the West Side fire department efficiently helped the Pi Kappa Alphas and very satisfactorily since that time, engineering cadettes to fin- demic procession will assemble at 2 on the ground floo; ot the
Theta Chis fight a fire that broke out in the third floor of the Pi Kappa Alpha house. At T- Hamilton, superintendent of lO-^onth intensive radio Executive Building, and march in at 2:25 approximately 6:45 p. m. snioke was seen pouting from the roof of the fraternity house by Stores declared yester- nicians course received their c,-’
day.
certificates from D. D. Ewing, head.
Hamilton also released some' in- ? electrical engineering school teresting statistics regarding the fP^akers were Dean A. A. Potter of -r i-i.- -.-.7. - tne school of engineering; F. H.
servicemen who were passing by. They dashed into the house and informed the occupants that they had a rather hot The fellows ran up the stairs Boilermaker Squad Will Tilt Wildcats rt. Here Tonight in Ninth Conference Game
Chis. Sirens were heard outside her-
ment^and fi^remen^^^who Imoked^u^' basketball title, Boilermaker hardwood speedsters that number, ^57 were long distance greatly needed "by our armed serv. kwill make their last home appearance of the season here to- calls. Of special significance is the and war industries, said Dean agriculture closed yesterday at the ineir noses, ana witn tne aia 01 sev- ' , . , , ' . , , i. Pnfi-or “fkv^„o•k.^»f
functioning of the new exchange. The first signal carried overithe exchange was a call by Pvt. Carl Goldsmith to a University building. From 1 p.m. until 12 midnight, 3836 separate communications were
engineering;
Kirkpatrick, head of perso'hnel administration, RCA; and Virginia Feller, representing the cadettes. Cadettes Perform Great Service ‘The electronics field which you
Hopeful of remaining within shooting distance of a share of pieced through the exchange; of are -entering performs a Service
eral volunteers fought the blaze for as they tackle Northwestern’s dangerous quintet,
two hours. Shortly after the arrival
of the first fire-fighting crew, addi- one of the best balanced quitets in the middle west, and in
The program will open with a processional and a prelude
played by the symphonic band'The University choir mil render “A Grace Before Singing,” following the band numbers, and Rev. Doyle Mullen, of the First Chiistian Chuieli. w’.l then
„give the invocation
Choir To Sing
Pres. Elliott then eonfei’ the baccalaureate and a.d\ anced rtegi ees, after which the Uoiveisity Choir will sifig, “O Lovely Heart.'’ The
Ag Winter Course Closes; 92 Receive Special Certificates Eight weeks’ winter course
tional equipment and 4 more men were sent to the scene.
House Damaged
Preliminary investigation indicated that the fire started ip an upstairs store-room; the house is largely of wood construction, and
winning six out of their first
eight Big Ten starts compiled Ukewise be depending on a balthe best defensive record in anced attack that ranks third offen-
the fire spread quickly through ^he attic and dormitory. One third fioor room also was badly gutted. Much „ of the second floor furnishings and „ • j many personal belongings were damaged by fire, smoke and water. Ilfuch of the first floor furnishing was saved from water by promptly moving it. Early estimates placed
the damage at $16,000.
fact that during one hour alone 736 Potter, “throughout history, polit- University as certificates were pre-
The Wildcats, despite the loss Of Captain Otto Gmham, boast were made to or from the jcal history, sented to the 92 men and three worn-
Women s Residence Halls. leahzed that abundant hf^^nd en students who have taken the Less Congestion self-sufficiency can be satisfied work. Presideift E. C. Elliott pre-
. . much more cheaply through hard sented the coveted certificates at
These facts are an indication of a work, exploration and science than the exercises high-lighted by award-
marked improvement in the con- through rdbbery, banditry and war. ing of scholarship medals to the ^^to the Alumni Association b;
sivelv with an averae-e of 62 4 noints which prevailed As long as governments resort to highest ranking men in each of the Henry Roberts, presideiTt of y im an average 01 oz.^pomrs establishment of the armed conflict it is essential for our four major branches of study. As- Alumni Association, and the Sym-
new system. Hamilton pointed out country to be particularly strong in sociate Dean V. C. Freeman pre- phonic Band has played a march, that instead of the 13 trunk lines electronics and othq^ields essential sided. “Washington Post”, President Elused in the past to connect the Resi- for a strong military structure.” „ , , .. . , , Lott will give his address to the
deuce Halls with the town ex- Kirkpatrick in his talk pointed *
change,, 63 separate lines now carry -This is the first adventure in
campus quiet training of young women for
Board of Trustees and h-^ads of several schools will then pi-esent five
honorary degrees.
After the class has been inducted
W. the
Probable Lineups game, and is second only to
Purdue Northwestern Northwestern defensively, having
K _ .. Ward limited opponents to an average of
_ F Vodick ‘lO-S points per game.
C Pelt Coach Ward Lambert indicated
. G Carle tonight that he would start his usual traffic the halls to the
OFFICIALS
Adams, DePauw; umpire
Townsend, Michigan.
Earl
Formal, Here I Come!
Sid Lenier was seen dashing from
G . Schadler civilian trio of Paul Hoffman and -Referee Glenn Dennis Horn, freshman forwards,
and Charles Haag, sophomore guard, along with, Steve Frazier, Marine trainee, at center, and Paul Friend, Navy trainee, at guard.
Vodick May Not Play
There was some question regarding the status of Nick Vodick, slated
switchboard. specialized engineering work in the Another advantage of the sys- field of radio and electronics.” tern lies in the fact that University RCA representatives from Bloom-
office telephones no longer are class- ington and Indianapolis were also "Waterman;
Scholarship Medal Awarded graduates. The scholarship medal in general „ ,™ „ • 14. 4- 4. TTr 14 B/r TT Bafld To Close Program
agriculture went to Walter M. Un-
derwood of, Versailles, with As- After the singing of Hail Pursistant Dean D. C. Pfendler making due” and the benediction by Rev. the award; that in-animal husbandry Mullen, the Symphonic Band will
close the program with a recessional
the Big Ten by limiting opponents to an average of 38.2 points per game. In addition.
the house shortly after the fire the Wildcats ranked second only to to replace Capt. Graham at forward
started, carrying his tux under one arm and shoes under the other, shouting as he ran “I’m not going to miss the formal, fire or no fire!” While several of the volunteers were managing a hose early in the campaign, it suddenly bi’oke loose from their grasp, swished through the air, and sent a long stream of water into a large crowd watching ’ from across the streets the crowd
melted quickly.
Clouds of smoke settled and drifted with the fog over the campus; the Union particularly was affected, where people were seen scurrying
about looking for the fire. Student Departs With Axe
According to Chief Ed. McCormick of the W. Lafayette fire department, a stpdent was seen to remove an axe froiii a fire truck shortly after it had arrived on the scene and run
Ohio State offensively, with an av- for Northwestern. Vodick js sched erage of 63.3 points per game. uled for transfer this week-end and In gunning for their ninth con- may be replaced by Ronnie Schuference victory, the Boilermakers macher, capable reserve.
ified according to buildings, but present at the convocation, each has its own number in the ex- During the past 44 weeks the change. This system not only sim- girls, recruited from 46 universities plifies inter-communication be- and colleges throughout the country, tween buildings, but provides ac- have studied mathematics, drawing, cess to many office telephones shop and manufacturing processes, which could not be reached at night electric cii’cuits and electronics. - under the old arrangement. They will now assume their duties In addition, an ingenious system in RCA-Victor plants in Indianapowhich prevents long distance calls lis; Bloomington, Camden, N. J.;
111., with the presentation made by march.
Prof. F. G. King; that in dairy pro- Mechanical Engineering school duction to Delmare Westfall, of Vin- heads the list in the unmber; of decennes, and in dairy manufactures to grees to be conferred with thirtyHarry K. Paddock, of Evanston, 111., one bachelor’s degi’ees. The others with Prof. R. E. Roberts presenting are: Home Economics, twenty; Scithem. ence, seventeen; Chemical EngineerThe Winter Course Glee Club and ing, twelve; Electrical Engineering, orchestra, both directed by Prof, ten; Civil Engineering, eight; MetR. E. Robbins, provided music and allurgical Engineering, six; Agri-
Disney's 'Fahlasia' Garber To Play Will Return To Hall For Varieties
Of Musk March 10
from being placed from University Harrison, N. J.; Lanbster, Pa.; and the musical program also included a culture, six; Public Service Engitelephones without written records Hollywood, Cal. T?yenty-one of the comet solo by Max Underwood and neering, two; -Forestry, and Trade being made of the call has been in- cadettes will go/o plants in Indiana, accordion solo by John R. Risch, of and Industiial ^ducation, one each, corporated. Miss Doris H/ller, recuiting agent Vincennes, both members of the Two professional, twenty-one The equipment used in the ex- for RCA, willi^e on the campus for class. master’s and eleven doctor’s degrees
By Mario Pagliarulo Lectures and Convocations, in conjunction with the Committee on
Announcement was made yesterday by the Victory Varieties committee of the date of the next show which will be hbid on Saturday, Mar. 11, in the Music Hall. Jan Garber and his orchestra will be the fea-
change was obtained before the war, and is being leased by the University from the telephone company. The exchange has been in the process of construction by a telephone company engineer for over a year.-
several days.
Recreation, will present the Walt tured band on the eighth show of Disney feature “Fantasia’’ in the this kind to be produced at the Uni-
TVIusic Hall Friday, klarch 10, 1944, versity.
at 7:30 p. m., J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, announced yestei'day. The picture was present-
To Play for Mixer
In addition to performing on Vic
Delinquency Talks Sum Up Problems
University Confirms Reports
Reports Of ASTP Cut
At the farewell b^pquet Thursday will be conferre'4
evening, the trophy given by the Lafayette Rotary Club for proficiency in general agriculture went to James D. Watson, Freelandville; the livestock judging trophy to Richard E. Marrs of West Terre Haute, and the dairy cattle judging trophy to Robert McKinney, of Washington. Dr.
Tecbnica! Institutes Opens ^Additional Libraries 'In Indiana
Hopeful of formulating definite
New modern technical libraries
, 4 -J i TT • -4 ed in the Music Hall approximate-
away by the west side of University ,
Church. Chief McCormick pointed Y year ago, and is being returned X i.1. i. 4.T. i. • because of popular request,
out that the act was a serious of- . .
fense, and said that the thief Will Admission
be prosecuted if the axe is not re- Admission to the program will be
F. B. Knight, director of the divi-
ecommendations that will lead to education and applied psy- jij-e being established by tire Unistatewide coordination of various was the speaker and Sher- versity Division of Technical Insti-
Both the military department and agencies concerned with the juvenile ^'^Kee, Jr., of Plainfield, a tu^s in each of its centers, it was
tory Varieties Garber will llso play University have received con- delinquency problem, 94 represent- member of the class, served as toast- announced by Prof. M. R. Graney, at the regular Saturday evening ^I'mation of newspaper and radio atives of 60 different state organiza- master. educational advisor for the new mixer which will be held in both ^’epei'ts released over the week-end tions were winding up their deliber- Enrollment in the Winter Course adult technical education program, ballrooms of the Union. The regular ^^ich stated that the numbei- of atfons in four separate committee was the largest since Pearl Harbor, The libraries are designed to supband is scheduled to play until 10:16 men in ASTP would be cut to 36,000, ...eetings at the University this the 96 this year comparing with only j^a^ent existing school and public
.... _ . ... . «pr»/Yvrhnn* rn lioaii W A l&St WintGl’. ' r»Ani’co ic ti ^
turned.
All due credit must be given to by social recreation cards and aujethe excellent job performed by the iliary cards for servicemen and se?^ fire department and the volunteer ice wives respectively. Registered firemen who saved the house from members of the University staff may
m. at which time Garber will take ^^^^m’ding to Dean W. A. Knapp, co- niorning
by passport for civilian students, over. Admission to the dance will be oi’^mator on campus for the Army Summary reports and discussion
complete destruction.
attend on presentation a special
by social recreation cards or passpoit. Daughter Changes Style Garber is now playing at the Lin-
The course
training in agri-
and Navy academic programs. A of the findings of the four differ- those unable to take the
memorandum to this effect was sent gnt committee groups, which worked to A.S.T.P. trainees by Colonel D. far into the night yesterday, were M. Beere Monday. ^ ^o be presented at a final general However, they have received no session this afternoon. Chairmen of
Coeds Quadruple Goal In Fourth Bond Drive
ticket soon to be made available ‘^otn Hotel in New York. Recently information as to what groups the four groups, with the particular free of charge in the Music Hall he changed his style of playing from would be sent back to the troops, ^hase of the problem on which they
aie
studios of WBAA. No others may sweet to hot music. The reason for but only that they should keep will report, aie as follows: Mrs. attend. the change was his fifteen year old classes going on a regular schedule Frederick Balz, State Senator, InThe special sound systerti used in daughter who began bringing home until further instructions are sent, dianapolis, “Community Programs”; the previous performance of “Pan- I'ecord by Harry James. Garber dp- Newspaper reports stated that J. E. Baldwin, president of the In- ‘ tasia” will be incorporated in the cided that that was too much. men in advanced training would diana State Conference on Social
Over $20,0 worth of war bonds program’s production. Ditamore As usual both a matinee and ek- continue their studies although Work, Gary, “Implementation of was subscribed to in the Fourth War pointed out that this Walt Disney ning performance will be given with Dean Knapp stated that as yet au- Statewide Action”; Dr. Thurman B. Loan Bond drive at the University Creation is not a comic cartoon; it the matinee show beginning at 3:30 thorities on campus do not know Rice, Indiana State Board of Health, which was moie than quadruple the is a concert. p. m. and the evening program at 8 whether some advai^iced trainees as Indianapolis, “General Principles”, j*.
p. m. Tickets will sold for sixty well as some basic trainees would and Miss Emma Puschnor, director
Exchange To Function During Registration Period
During registration, on March 3 and 4, the Student Union Book Exchange will be open from 10 a. m. to
libraries in the cities where the institutes are already operating: Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, East Chi-
cago, Ga,ry and Hammond.
The books will cover specialized fields includwg chemistry, plastics, metallurgy, eleckonics and radio, aircraft design and construction, aeronautical engineering and basic technical subjects- Books to form a nucleus for the library are being released this week from the Uni-
quota of $6,000, according to Betty Special Preparations
Purcell, who represented Pan-Hel- The excellent acoustical qualities cents, lenic in the drive. of the Music Hall render it especialMore than two hundred coeds ly suitable to the production. In^dhelped sell bonds during the cam- dition, the elaborate sound system paign at the home Home Economics and preparations will bring the mucafeteria, the Union cafeteria and sic to its full height of bi’illiance
the Chestnut Room in the Union, and quality.
WBAA Will Operate Short Day Kexi Week WBAA will continue to operate
be reassigned to other duty. At the of the national child welfare divi present time, 710 basic AST stu- sion, American Legion, Indianapodents are enrolled at the Univer- lis, “Responsibilities of the Selected
sity, 70 of whom are under 18 years Agencies”.
of age and who are in the AST Re- Following discussion of the com- - rp, -p , 4 41 4
serve which is not affected by the mittee reports, definite recommenorder. dations of the conference as a whole
for statewide action were presented at last night’s closing dinner session
6 p. m. for the selling of books. In versity campus, and additional techorder that students will have more nical books will be added to keep it oppoi tunity to buy books the Ex- up to date. The books will be availchange will also be open on Monday able to students in the institutes and Tuesday, March 6 and 7. The and to the general public. The lis on these two days will be 10 biaries will be under supervisiori of a. m. to 8 p. m. the regional supervisor of the DiviStudents who have sold books sion of Technical Institutes in each may collect their money beginning center and the books are to be availMaich 8 and continuing through able to the public by March 1.
March 10, any time between 1 and
So Sorry
It has been brought to our atten- W- Ballard, directoi^of Hull House, advantage of the opportunity
Mary Grey was in charge of the Stu- The film will appear in its entirety
dent Cooperative Association efforts ty this time and will consist of the during the vacation period under during the drive. original light selections. Midway in restricted schedule according to G. The campaign last approximately the program theme will be a short D. Williams, station Program Di-
foo^ -weeks, and the amount sold intermission. Printed programs will rector. Broadcasting will be carried rhatTeverll orthrstatements Chicago, Ilk, and President E. C. included that subscribed to during be distributed at the door. on for six hours a day instead of the appeared in the course drop Elliott, head of the University.
customary twelve. Williams stated gtory of the last issue were errone-
Entertainment revised schedule will be oils; in addition, other pertinent ma- Vp//
necessary because of the absence of Serial was omitted. In particular, the
the money be collected promptly so that their accounts may be put in
order.
, , . , .,, , ,, , , „ ,, New students are urged to become which will be addressed by Russell - -i- -41 4i ir i. 1 w TT..11 familiar with the Exchange, and
the “Queen of Hearts” contest.
Pi Kappa Phi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of William K. Daniel, Downers Grove, 111.; Edwin J. Fithian. Grove City, Pa.; Frank E. Funke, Chicago, Ilk; and Roland C.
(Sutton, Indianapoli.s, Iiul,
for those lone souls who must ii^any of the station personnel dur- statement about advanced Biology
remain on campus this week-end, the Union has announced that a mixer will be held tonight in both ball-
ing the brief vacation.
Prom February 26 until March 4 broadcasting hours will be from 12
the red cocker spaniel dog
Beere Announces SAR Medal Winners
Colonel D. M. Beere, P.M.S. & T., of the University announces the
to buy their books at a reasonable winners of the Sons of the American, price. The Exchange, being a non- Revolution Medals. ^ piofit organization, sells the books These medals, made available by at the price set by the students who the Indiana Society of the Sons of have turned them in, which is usu- the American Revolution, were preally 75 per cent of the cost. Students sented to the chiefs of those sections
courses was incorrect; as many of the Delta Gamma house met who have ^old books may collect winning the first three places ia the courses will be offered as usual. Be- death yesterday morning as hefol- their money after the Exchange has Combined Fi^eshman and Sophomoiia f“B list of corrections is not lowed some students across Uni- closed. This non-profit exchhange of Howi|zer squ^cl competition. The re-
rooms. Lowell Mead will provide p.m. to 6 p.m. The programs oixli- available at the present time, we veisity Street on their ways to books on the campus was established cipients were: C. A. Huffman, first
suggest, that the statements be clasess at 11 a. m. He was struck by with capital received from a class place; J. S. Benson, second place; checked nith a reliable source. a car and killed instantly. gift. p, Conde. third place. *
the music; the dance wil Ibegin
8:00 p. m.
at
narily scheduled for those broad-
casting hour.s^will be heard,
''■i i ' ' i'M' ' ..t
jt^ ^-rt f) -; '*■> A-l-® )5i V ^
V itwi aK -*7^ u MUtW M
i/ ‘>
tUgii
PurdiM Exponent
Saturday, February 2i, 1944
Purdue Exponent ^ cembined with Puitiue Independent
Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 90 Sports, Fipidhouse, Phone 92-2133 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business Manager Nc’os Fflftor Featnre Editor Mait&lS^inir Editor <5o Silortt Editors BuRirc«s Esccutive
James T Richardson Mary Dilt Ruth ^ Ford Katherine Howes Margaret Y Steffes Russell M Lines James F Ackerman L\elyn Blcmkei
Publication Staff Editorial SlTff Associate Editors Marthn, Lee R k Tcan Yargor Margaret Baynes Juanita Ca rett Ptggy Minei 1 at Richardsin Mai 10 Pagliuulo Mai on D nham Associate Sports Editors Pnul Carber Will am Carber Wa ren L M right berMce Staff—-M Jones B d Golb is A1 Gorman Jim Borocks Wm Tre\arrow 1 a il Dodg Toe Grabc Sherry Saile Tel Goldmann
Business Staff Adrcrtisinfr Manager Lee Smith Ass slant Advertising Manager W lliam Paisley Circulation Manager R C Sa erman Assistant Circulation Manager Noiman Hime St^ff Photographer Marvin Pcsses Editor The Purdue Independent Lyle Crist Staff for This Issue Isight Editor Pa^-harulo ^ Day Editor Wendal! City Editor Baines Issue Editor Jameson Sports Editor Wright Reporters Ix’W nci Lecorynski Ehr nan Buchanan Ric^aidbOn Pagliai lo George on Bauei K Craw Millei Entered as sccon 1 class n atber at the post office ip Lafayette Indiann under the act of Congress of Maich 3 1879 and at the spec al rate of i-ostogo p-rov ded foi in section 1108 act of GcUiber 3 lOl"" utl oi 7 d Tan a y ‘’O 1922 P ibl shed on Tues*da\ Th rsdaj and Satuidav moinings dur ng the yeai except certa n at it on i oriods Del vcied dailly by earner for ■81 fbr a sc nes c 1 v n a 1 foi *^1 bO for a ve pester Sub scriptions mav be obtain 1 at 11 e Exponent office or at the West Des^k of e U o i Repie e t d o nat ala I ert b gl "Nat onal Adveitising Service Lie College P 11 si i R i esent t ves 420 Mndifaon Ave New \ork N \ ^
Salute To Graduating Class Tomoiiow aiteinoon ai 2 30,152 ne\v^ alumni Vill go out of Fo\\lei Hall with diplomas m then hand One hundied and fiftj twofoimei students will leaAe the Umveisity, most of them to sei\e eithei in industry or with the aimed foices ,What will they take with them besides the mere tangible evidence of giaduat on*? J\r^njr will go out with a knowledge ot chem 1 rty, 01 agiicultuie, oi mechanical engineeiirsr 01 home economics A lew will leave with nnik ng moie than memoiies All should leave \ 11 r icmoi les and an ability to get along with others, as well as with the cold legimented 1 nov ledge which comes from most text books Cfilege, to too many people, stands for only honl and the learning which comes Irom them V. hen the dei elopment ol the individual is taken into consideiation theie is anothei and iv moie ^aluable pa^t ol college life This is the mass learning and expeiience that comes 10 one unconscioush It is not taken fiom books, 01 fiom lectin es, oi tound thiough compe'*'iti\e examinations It comes fiom the assoc la ons and c\en fiom extremely unacademic ^ insults Most ot tomoiiow s giaduates ha\ e lived the majoi pait of their college hte at a time when the countij was at war Theiefoie bj necessity, “joeing and the things which go with it have bden on the wane Studies have become moie intensified than e\ ei, and social life has tolioved suit In spite ot its lelative disappeai arce fiom the campus, the extiacuiiiculai life which consisted ot dances, movies, spontaneous tups, serenades paities, and just plain ‘joeing ’ ‘-tiK IS an impoitant pait ot college 1 fe Let s hope that all oi tomoiiow s giad uatc^ leali^e it let’s hope that all the faculty membeis ieali7e it and let s hom^at all of usieahzeit v ‘ You shall not lu c bj hi ead alone is alhiost svnonjmous \ ith you cannot LIVE by books" alouu’ One bundled and fifty-two new giad uates 01 Puiduc should face the woild tomoi low with iitp HiJuds and with an education which comes not only liom scholastic life, but also liom a ^Delations and memoiics which will last bci ond Lie c n\ nous ot the Lnucisity SsiAvixjL StJdfiillL. Q[ E. Rciley of LaldjtKc 1) IS b Cii piomottd Jiora second lo fust li'^utenant the Vtlai 11 ( hemic il V^ailue Seiv ice 11 otuiemci t lli li jcl vIkic he i now stitioncd hat. announced I I Rcilej eiaduated iiom the Umvei it\ wheie he it ei\ed his eommibsioii ni the Olliccis lit SCI N( setcnl In utenant ol ] lel 1 At Illicit JI( \ c 11 1 t letne unit in the Clicmit il Vvailaie ^ci\ cc n J uin 111 uul stitioncd t Ld woe i Ai ( nal M I U. james D. WolH, USMCR, 1 idi itc <j tl Sthcol of Mctallui^ic il Pngi nteinit, w j tLillj iijLud it S ml i An i f alil Lt Woin w s i 1 nl < 1 1 M lie An ( latt Giouji 32 et^ii iH d at m M u ii ( \u St ition 1 i lai o I n Id at Sahta Alii It A\ HI H j b w is sent to Wilmette Illinois 1(1 1 ui 1 ] ! ^ Ueiit. Rickard F. Jones 40 giaduate of the Stienet Seh lol was killed in aetion in the m\ ision ot the Mainhall Islands I thru ary i attoiding to i lejlei Jioni the Wai Uepaitment to hi» iatliei the Rev Rhjs Puce Jones yastoi of the Wcbimmstei Pieshytman Chuitji) it South Bend L^ut Jones was a mcinbci ol the /ou ivts nul ot 1 ui J&jipa Fpsilori sotia! fiaRinitt
qU VflSHMOTOH Vi^Y-(iU-ll6iiD « ty DRiW, FEAKSOM Murray Tells Roosevelt He'll Figkt Labor Draft, CIO Leader Blocks Growing Left-Wing Unions WASHINGTON—The second talk which CIO chief Phil Muiray hid with Piesident Roosevelt ovei a na tional seivicc act was piobably the most sigitiflcant fiom labor s point of view The Piesident wanted to see Muiiay in oidei to get the powerful backing of CIO unions for the Admmis tration s subsidy fight m Congress The Scotch buried CIO (hicftiin one of Roosevelts staunchest suppoit eis, leadily piomised his aid on subsidies Then the Piesident lemaiked that he had noted Muiiay was opposed to his laboi draft proposal Murray told him that ho was most emphatically opposed Poi whom do you speak'' asked the Piesident M-uiiay repbed that he spoke foi the CIO Whereupon Roosevelt handed him a lelegnm from Julius Fmspak, head gf the Electrical Woikers, a CIO union, endorsing a national seirice act The Electncjil Workers is one of the left wing CIO unions, and the President ^indicated that he had other telegi ams of endorsement from left wing CIO unions, including Harry Bridges longshoremen and Joseph Cuiians National Maritime Union Despite this stiong hint that Muiiay couldn t con tiol his own unions the CIO chief stood his giound He asked the Piesident whether he intended to go ahead with his plan to diaft laboi even if Congiess would not appiove his entiie five point piogiam These five points included (1) a lealistic tax law taxing unieasonable piofits (2) lenegotiation of wai contiacts (3) subsidies to keep puces down (4) r new piice wage stabilization act (5) a national seiv ice act Murray Wins Harmony Muiiay asked this question because he knew Con giess was opposing most of this piogiam aipl that the Piesident would have a haid time caiiymg the fust foui points A national seivice act might be
easiei
Rooserelt agieed that Congiess might not p iss his entire piogiam but said he \iould pi ess foi the labor draft just the same Murray then replied that he n ould fight him to the reij end Immediately altenvaid Muiiaj called a meeting of his CIO executive board His Scotch ire was up He looked daggeis at the left wing union leidtis rvho had wiied the Piesident Gentlemen he said his voice edgy with anger what policy aie we following here—the CIO policy Ol a foieign policy'' At Philadelphia we laid down a policy the CIO w as to follow against a n itional service act but now I find that theie are other policies 'Whit Muri xy hid m mind wis the Iiequent APL accusation that some of the CIO unions aic ^lominatcd 01 influenced by Russia The Russi in policy has been to wm the wai it rlf costs whethoi it means diafting laboi woiling long horns oi anything else Hiiiy Budt,e& ol the West Coast longshoiemcn ivc Mull ry i i ither mild leply to justify his tele gl im to the White Housif But Muiiay was still indig
iiant
I am fed up he said with the conduct of unions which ycu and youi type lepiesciit Nobody c ii c ill me i Rcdbiitei Muiiay con tinned I couldn t be i Red b utci if I wanted to But now I can undeistind the piotcsts of John L Lewis duiing the Little Steel w i^c dispute as to who is iim nmg the liboi movement Left Wiing Backs Down Muiiy was also bittei against Roosevelt and ac cused him of double talk legaiding his fiiendship for laboi ind his plans to di aft laboi Pmally the lett wing unions which had wiied the White House took i thii ty minute leccss to discuss the mattei Iheii they came back leady to go Uong with Phil Muiiay ind the CIO light wing Muiiay then enteitamed a motion to leaffiim the position ot the CIO as pieviously adopted at Philadel phia—namely against a national sei vice act This was unanimously adopted Ihe left wing unions justified then vote foi this lesolulion on the giounds that they had been for Roosevelts entne five point program including high taxes for business etc Since ho probably would not get his other loin iroints they decided not to eh impion a 11 ition il scivice ict done Note Only other excitement it the meeting was a speech bj Hiiiv Budges complaining that the Wai I iboi Bo ird w is war behind with its decisions He w inted lo know w hj the laboi membeis on the board didn t speed things up This biought a hot lejoindei liom tail A Bittnei a CIO repiesentatne on the boaid who inide some none too complimentaiy le marks ibout Bridges Bitlnei ended with You cant deloiise i louse Roosevelt In 1945 , Pveij While House tisitoi rUio his the neive to bimg up the question his been tiying to get some thifi„ oat ot FDR ibout the fomth teian But the fish mg h IS been pooi—until oijeday lecently when fexis t ongiessman Lyndon Johnson tiled his luck lohnson iftumbled onto his catch without having to woik foi it Ihe discussion was about the troubles oi -> i Flesident who Ins an insurgent Congress on his hands Johnson m ule the po nt that the next Congiess may be Republican ind thus harder to deal with Ihe Piesident rose to the bait He said he wag not afiaid of a Republic in Congress If they buck me he s lid I can make it toucher foi them than I can loi i ( ongiess dominated by my own partj Ihi lo„ie itself w is interesting —that a Domoeiatic President could fight more openly and boldly with a Republican Congress ind lallj the public on his side But still more interesting was the disclosure that Roosevelt perhaps caught oft b ise was thinking ol the pioblems of the Presidency beyond 1944 Merry-Go-Round When joung Justice Bill Douglas of the Supicme C oiut went to New Yoik to addiess a sports writers’ dinn^^ his tolleigue Justice I elix Iiaiiklurtcr re marked He ought to feel right at home He writes judicial opinions like a sports wiiter Wonder why the Interstati Commerce Commission has dilly dallied lor moirths ibout taking a st uid on competitive biJding loi the tlotation of railroad securities ' Js it because Wall Street has been lobbying its head oft with docile I C Commissioner(■ against competitive bid
ding''
(Copyiight 1911 by United Fe ituie Syndicnle Inc)
GR)N ANO BEAR IT
By LkKiy
BOWLING RESULTS Ruth RdlstOn
High Team Sots
Army I PhysicV ,
Chtwisilrj? II
Dairy
High Individual Sets
r In
Clark #.1/ It g Gottz ^
High Team Games
Civil Engr
Physital Plant Agr Lx tension
Daily
High Individual Games
Goctv
Clark W L Enfield
Culp
League Standing
Won
Agr Agr Gen
Ex tension
CKei
2703 2764 2744: 2739 rSR 649 bii) 537
?fi8 J68 235 219 216 214 Lost
18
Ch ago Tim s Jnc.
“ I get the Cl eeps when I think how I was sometimes tempted to abscond with the bank’s money to one of these islands
Independent Inklings Ljle Ciist Maiw ood House sponsoi cl i p uty for membeis md d lies last Saturday night rt the house Appioxun itely twenty couples enjoyed the games and refresh nents xu nishcd 1 v ne boys Highlight of the evening s festivities w IS a tioasiuc hunt th it h id th p iiticip ints seouiing the entile campus m seiieh oi the \ ilied Ueisiuc Ilowai 1 Riboij was in charge of the entei tainmeiiL Mriwood will lis i ii e ht t eoiuse students in idditioi to sevcial di illees it the end ot the toim heiely eieitm^ vicaiieies foi anyone inteiostcd in 1 ving it i swell co op Ihis house it 5 Wai lion usually means homo to ilout ei hteei Icllows Incident illy lively times aie expected next tciin whei loimtr soei il cli uimin Marim Millci lotuins to the e iinpi s 1 amous L ist \\ oi ds I don t i\icily 1 now whit hei i ew i umbel is but it begn s with
92
Ihe Icllows it lioelulale leccntly elected Dutch Hoflnian to scive i second turn is ho ise p esident Rod d lie s waid basl etb ill team lost a thullei 1 ist week lO Wiinoel Minoi holding M inoc'k s gieat oftonsive to r meic th ii\ point As a Wii lod pltyei 1 itei s ud It wrs the toUt,hest j line we evei 11 ed Ihe poit n si ills of Rodulrle hi,ve extended i to tht it e of pin poi „ 1 itcly and ihty h ive issued a eh il lenge to in\ t unpus te im 11 1 \ e membeis oi less to i match All these activities eoi tin o despite the loss ol Ma Mjeis Haiold Hoiine M ison Baur and Fmee Biyan ti the u med f lees Record Dances I o St ij One of the m iin ictmlies of PI A next teim will be the continuance of Fiid ly ni^l t ccni 1 d inces i the I iciltj Lounf cs oi the Unien Pi esent plans c ill loi i 1 nee c e i week ill of which adds up to about sixteen good icisons toi mcmbcislip PIA is ilso pon Ici in„ ovci the ide i of holding ich incccl popul ii d incc cl i, '■c on bituidiy evenings horn 7 30 to 8 30 the time 1 ein,^ designed to meet the deminds of the seiMce men This semestei d i ice clisscs weit held on Monel lys fiom 1 to 5 What you say'' And As A Pirting 1 bought put watei on youi comb
tiemistry II 44
Stoies 42 z4 English 40 2G Mech rn.gr I 39 Z? Agi Exp Sta 88 28 Army II 37 29 Agronomy 36 31 Poultry 3r 31 Rccit ition 35 31 Animal Husb 34 32 Pharmacy 34 32 Army I 34 3‘' Executive 33 33 Naval Tr School 33 33 Agr Chem III 33 33 Agr Chem I 33 33 Biology 32 34 Chem Engr 32 34 Chemistry II 31 36 Elec Engr 31 86 Physics 31 36 Dairy 31 36 Chemistry I 30 36 Gen Engr 30 36 Civil Engr 29 37 Mech Engr II 29 37 Physical Plant 27 39 Agr Engr 27 39 Radio Enti 24 42 Eorestiy 23 43 Horticulture 22 44
High Team Sets To Date
Agr Extension 2920 Gen Engr 2880
English
Naval Tr Schoof 2889
High Team Games To Date
Chem Engr 1022
English 1020
Agi Extension 1016 Executive 1009 High Weekly Individual Sets To Date Lee O C 617 Libkey 613 Tlost 609 Llllkei m High Weekly Individual Games To Date
L PJb
Sey""^ Ib6 High Individual Averages—9 Games Or Over LeWcer l^J T „V.Sri n 178
173 173 172 1 1 1 1 168
16
16o 166 Ko 166
. . » has been given the semoT award presented each y6ar by MuSL cal Organizations to the most oijtstandihg: senior Miss Ralstpti was chosen not only for her mftsical ability but for her work m the organization She IS a member of the Durduettes, University Choir, was bhsii^ess manage! of Musical Ofgahizations and a member of the ConOert Choir which now has been disbanded Miss Ralston’s name will be added to those which noW hang froip ^ plaque m the Musical Organizations
office
MAKE MILLER'S YOUk MUSIC HEADQUAktERS' Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instruhient Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
Buy War Bonds and StapiP^
Lec^G C
Wykolt
Clarl W L
Culp Fiobt
Danaher
Enfdd
Havorkamp Jol n&on H N
Libkqy
Hcndcison Bro^^n G L
Big Ten Standings
Ohio Stdte Ptudue Iowa Northwestern Wisconsin Michigan Illinois Minnesota Indim i Chicago
W 10
Pet 833 800 800 7B0 700 417 222 125 091 000
A moucqiIaA j — and —-
— ALSO — "CHILDREN OF MARS'
-LAST TIMES TODAY- ' outlay/ ROUNDUPl' I WALK WITH A ZOMBIE' SERIAL — NEWS
DANCE RECITAL, TUES., FEB. 29th 8 09 P M AT STUDIO — PUBLIC INVITED CHILDREN'S CLASSES BALLET AND TAP OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 4th NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR ADULT TAP AND BALLROOM CLASSES ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING
PHONE 2150
6th and FERRY STS
M ‘ / U. WAYNE scon'V ^ -/// I DEKKER ^ A REPUBIIC PICTURE STARTS TOMORROW LUMA
LAST TIMES TODAY
Wirt) william BOYD
PLUS
>vHALl »^BEY in Au Kara AND the FORTY TmiViS
mtb ANDY DEVINE FORTUNIO BONANOVA I RANK PUGLIA RAMSAY AMES MORONI OLSEN KURT KATCH and ThouHands in Thrilling Spectacles |
iuSiSii!Sumt£m
Last Times Today
CLAUDETTE COLBERT FRED MAC MURRAY m NO TIME FOR LOVE'
mnnifiiH
Starting ^ TOMORROW
n N ft m t
•/
y Ii « « I
I'
BL
f H I t t .h
f, M, mt
$
Haag, Horn Warnock, Kappa Sigs Cplllm^ Iasi l^e Top Intramural Teams
V
lb Lead Team Scoring JThe “Thi'ee li's”, a hardwobd hur.xidaile trio of civilians all of whom •^re in their first year of collegiate eoftipetition, continue to set the scoring; pace for the Eiveter’s high spirited l^ig Teh basketball title bidders, laead Changes Hands I Hoffman, Charles Haag and Horn, who hold the distincg m of being the only members of B Boilermaker squad who have sedl^ aifc'tion in all ten conference played to date, have literally Ibben taking turns in leading the ‘sCCWng In i^gffijal Big Ten encounters. largmy due to ajij dimaiKing performance against ’Jvisconsin as he set a new Riveter higp mark for the season b^ scoring %H poihts while leading a depleted floilermaker squad to an overtime VicbfWyi Iqads the field with 128 ^pinb^. With Hhag standing sOcond jWith 96 and Horn a close third with 91vp0mts. > The complete Riveter scoring tajjle for the first 10 Big Ten tilts follows s
GP FG FT FTM PF TP 10 50 28 26 24 128
9 14 10 6 7 11 3 8
Plbj^er, Position PAifi HoffiSioh, f f Haftfe, g
Ws ’-Honi, f 'Lodge, P-e
PXfriUrv’ “ JdfeK Kennedy, c-f Md'Ahttll Tsyior, c-f
John MoPJ>eT6<i'n, f66 16 811 Ch^itieW lEHliott, g 8 4 2 1 5 10 Hdrnert Hoffman, c 1 2 l 1 3 5 JaWes^WaUcy, g 4 2 0 0 1 4 JaMtes'Gnitafsdn, f 4 1 1 0 1 3 Howard ^hjUldt, f 2 1 1 1 4 3 SdlO Vfecanti, f 1 1 0 0 0 2 Mltdhel Spl{<?I, f 4 0 1111 John Cha&Shwlla, 12 0 110 1 Howard Hernott, f 1 0 1 0 1 1 WiHiatfi dine, f 1 0 0 O 1 0 Edtel SehV^TCT, f 1 0 0 0 1 0 Wm. KrlegAibanm, 1 2 0 0 1 0 0 Lewfe KobO, g 1 0 0 2 0 0 Donald Schrenk, g 1 0 0 0 0 0 Season Totals 10 213 98 93 167 524 OpgoniBnt9’Tot^le JO J49 106 8 6 147 4 03
^ In two of the most exciting intramural games of the season, Kappa Sigma and Warnock iVlanor emerged victorious to' cop the Fraternity and Ward basketball championships respectively in the Field House gym, Tuesday night. The wmners were scheduled to play following «the two games but had to call the contest off, due to an injury to one of the Warnock starters. The teams haV;e tentatively scheduled a game for sometime during next se-
mester.
Kappa Sigma led all the way in its victory over Bhi Delta Theta, but didn’t have the game won until the middle of the second half when they scored in a flurry of nine straight points, which gave them a lead of 27-12 at the time. Sparked by Wilbur Dykhusian who scored 11 points, they eventually won the contest, 29-21. Warnock, with only five men and no reserves, turned in an 'outstanding perform,ance in its win over the Marstellar Maroons. Apparently having a comfortable lead after the first half had ended, Warnock relaxed just enough to give th^ Maroons a ichance to close the gap. |They did and with four and onehalf minutes of play remaining the score was tied at 32 apiece. Not to be outdone, Warnock fought, back, but could not break the tie and with only a minute remaining the score was 36-36. A quick basket by Dick Gallmeyer of Wainock insured the victory with twenty seconds remaining. Gdllmeyer, a tall boy, continually scored on long passes down the floor, and took high scoiing honors with 16 tallies. Final score Wainock 38, Marstellar 36. % ' -
G^dLiidrSf^iHil £iCli66d I Boilermaker Track Squad Engagei
Illinois, Notre Dame At Champaign
Beile, Mdtinfeld Out Because Of Injuries
We Can Take the Spots Off a Leopard!
We’re only kidding but we can come pretty close to it. On your clothing, spots just can’t resist our dry-cleaning methods.
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
By.^im Ackerihkii
Tonight ihdrks the last hohie game of two of the old Riveter basketball playBrs.'Iii the gattle against Northwestern, Jack Kennedy and Dhffy Friend will see their last action on the home floor. Northwestern will be plenty tough this evening. The Wildcats, if they woh their game against Illinois last night, will be trying for a share of the Conference crown along with the Boilermakers. While the Riveters have to beat the Wildcats and the Hoosiers, Northwestern, considering that they won last night, have to Win the remaining three games on their schedule, which includes tonight’s game, in order to share the title with
Ohio State.
Wildcats Lose Vodick
I
Nick Vodick, who took Otto Graham’s place as pivot man of Coach Lomberg’s team, received his commission through the R.O.T.C. and has to report for active duty Monday and thus will not play tonight. Johnny Ward, another of the Wildcat rekulars wilTplay his last contest tonight as he goes to war next week. The Northwestern 'outfit, with the exception of Graham and Vodick, will be the same team which has lost two games and won six. According to reports from Evanston, the Wildcats are the best team that Coach Dutch Lomberg has had in some ^ime. This year the team is made up of basketball players rather than football men. Iowa Continues Steady Progress Toward Records Already the Hawkeyes have broken twenty-two records this year. Part of them are just Iowa Fieldhouse records while five of them are Big Ten ones. The latter were all scored against Chicago when Iowa won, 103 to 31. Dick Ives broke the scoring mark with 43 points and also broke the field goal record by sinking 19. Besides these records, Iowa now shares five and has the chance to break four more before the season is over. \ Last Column For Scribe This is the last column that this scribe will write for ^ long time. Next week, my Mother will put the service flag back in the window. Though some senior editors have short terms on the Exponent, this is probably the shortest of'any previous editor. I have thoroughly enjoyed working with and receiving much cooperation from all of the coaches; Russ Lipes, the cosports dditor; and the junior editors and staff. Even after three years on this campus, one does not realize how little he knows until he gets behind the scene; then he realizes how much more there is to learn abopt what goes on around the campus. ® Sputterings The basketball tearn will be'guest of honor at the annual Lion’s Club banquet a week from Monday, March 6. At that time letter awards will be announced along with addresses by Coach Lambert and other Boilermaker athletic leaders. This year Indiana has only one man on the swimming team. He is Dave Gastineau from Indianapolis. The rest of the team has gone to war. Last Saturday night when Paul Hoffman sank nine out of nine free throws, Ray Patterson, the Wisconson high scorer, sank ten gratis shots to become leader in this field of most fouls made in the Big Ten.... Dennis Horn, one of the Riveter frosh basketeers, received his orders the other day to report to the Marines March 14.
Meet
the Team By T. W. SdniBirs " One of the best prospects to make the long step from high school to college cage circles m his freshman year is lank John McPherson. Big John, 6 foot 3 inch alternate center and forward* has a lot to learn before he’ll be a top notch Big Ten performer, but his three years of high school experience has done much to help him make the Boilermaker var-
sity machine.
Hailing from Hoosierland, namely Greenfield, Indiana, a small town about 16 miles east of Indianapolis; John played on the high school nine for two years and participated in
Coach Hermon Phillips’ indoor track squad, hampered by the loss of three consistent point producers through iHness and injury, will make its fourth start in as many weeks today as it matches strength with Notre Dame and Illinois in a triangular meet at Champaign at 2:15 p. m. The Boilermakers will be minus the services of Bob Maftnfeld, outstanding distance run ner who was runner-up for the Big Ten cross country title last fall; Charles Lindblad, sprinter, and Bill Biele, V-12 transfer from Illinois. Biele pulled a tendon in his leg' and may be out for the remainder of the indoor season, while Mannfeld and Lindblad have both been laid low by illness. Harvey Sets Record Boilermaker hopes lest on the shoulders of Eric Ericsson, undefeated in the mile run in three meets; Ben Harvey, who set a new Purdue record of :06 3 in the 60 yard dash last Saturday; Nelson Klaus, shot put, and several holdovers from last fall’s Big Ten cioss-country championship squad. Marines who expect to compete m today’s meet will not arrive at Champaign until approximately 3:00 p. m. and will be unable to participate in the earlier events. Young Expected To Win Young, Illinois freshman tiack star, IS expected to win in at least three events. So far in high school and college competition he has gone undefeated in the 60 yard dash and holds the National Championship
for this event.
The following men will make the
trip to Champaign today:
.John Ward, sharpshooting Wildcat forward will attempt to aid his teammates in the scoring when they
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
MAM] LEAF"
A (pronounced BAB AY)
Babe' catches the lively, airy shapes of leaves for their New ''Oak Leaf" Button Bows. Wear them on your dress, suit or blouse, and with the Babe Basic Vestee.
BASIC VESTEE, High Neck, by Babe', in white pique.
OAK LEAF BUTTON BOWS in embroidered pique, or eyelet embroidered organdy in white, pink, blue or madeira, two in set.
(fadki.
TO MEET AND EATCome on to the PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION CAFETERIA Because of the pleasant informality -the quick and friendly serviceBUT MOST OF ALL... Because of the superb food we O offer at such common sense prices— .. - ■ You’d enjoy dinner here tonigl/t.
JhiL fiwtdwL TIfUufnffdaL lAjnwfL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
JOHN McPherson Purdue Center tiack, making the vaisity in his sophomoie year. This track expeiiense gives you some idea where he obtained his speed to keep up with the fast moving Boilei maker quintet In his senior yeai in high school John leceived the honor of being selected all state center by the Indianapolis Star and^was to play in the 1943 Indiana-Kentucky All Star game. Howevei, the contest was called off because of the wai and he was unable to see action. John came to the Univeisity at the beginning of the semi-term last fall and entered the Science School. He IS a member of- Delta Upsilon fiaternity, and the D. U. boys aie ceitainly pioud of his basketball talents. Yes, when you lead about future Boilei maker teams you’ll piobably see the name McPherson. Expeiience is going to play an impoitant lole in the basketball caieei of this young Riveter hardwood aitist.
Navy—Beit Butts, Bob Emerson meet the Boilermakers in the Field-
(Mgr.), Ben Harvey, Joseph Ken- house tonight,
nedy, R. D. Monical, M H. Peteison, Bob Steider, Spiiidon Sucui, Gordon
White, Richaid Major.
Marines^—Bruce Flnlayson, Bill Haynes, Nelson Klaus, E. K Sigars,
Allen Sturdevant.
Civilians—Eiic Eiicsson, Lairy
Neilson, Nootei, Webei.
s Club To Hold Banquet In Honor
Of Hardwood Squad Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s basket- . . . social fiateinity, announces
the election of the following offi- fight for a shaie of the Big Ten title, cers: Carioll Maitindell, aichon; will be the guest of honor at the anRichard Shaw, secretary-treasuiei; nual Lions Club banquet to be held
A1 Craven, chaplain-histoiian; and was announced today by Chairman
Pi Kappa Phi
Frank Funke, warden.
Track Schedule For '44 Feb. 26—Ohio State, Indiana,
here.
Mar. 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago. i,wjt Mar. 18-Tentative, Purdue Re- d^'^ses by Coach Ward Lambert and
E. F. Degermg.
In addition to the announcement of lettei awaids for the 1943-44 season, the program will include ad-
lays. Mar. lays.
25—Tentative, Chicago Re-
NOTICE Civilian students be sure to renew your gym locker at the check-room in the fieldhouse if you intend to use it next semester. ■.V---
other Boilermaker athletic leaders. A limited number of tickets for the annual hardwood celebration, which will be held this year at Lincoln Lodge, aie still available from, Chan man Degermg. In addition to the chairman, the committee in charge is composed of Otto E. May, M. 0. Pence, G. P. Schmidt, and E.
C. Stair.
AFTER THE GAME MEET THE GANG AT JAc, J'OwleA. Boilermaker Headquarters O. M. Pipes ’31r'
By Jay Newman, A.S., USNR
•|Mlt)SMlPMAN SCiHOOL, HERE WE COME ;v'^;As it must to all things, death comes today to the Lucky Bag. We’re off to’learn how to be an officer and a gentleman. And we’re taking the Lucky
hrmanenf Personnel Oim flundred Men, 60 Women To Get Additional To Regisier As first Term frosh
Training At. Ft. Ben
' , ' ' , '—; cal Chemists, (draft-exempt). Sign and are for women desiririg to pr'p'; , in Personnel Office by Monday, Feb- pare themselves for positions in pdrfuary 28. ’ ' ' sonnel administration.^'Further ' : ' —’ ^ formation may be obtained at Place," ':;-
ment Service for Women, 92"2470y
296S;
Of the approximately 150, hew j freshmen to register nOxt Week, ^ P-,
about one hundred will be men and '
Officers and enlisted men of the fifty women students, according to
with us. Someday, perhaps, when the malignant Hirohitler growth, permanent detachment at the Uni- Prof. G. E. Dammon, director of ad- no^ a'nn being operated on by the United Nations, has been completely cut versity will journey to Ft. Benjamin missions. The majority of hlen Will P- m-. 21-40, 3:00 p. m., 41-60, 4:0
out of mankind’s hide, we will return with a ditty bag full of battle-scar Harrison next month for a concen- enroll in the engineering , school, t, . v <,1
ribbons and begin again where we are leaving off today. trated course designed to condition while home economics wiir claim I Until then, the strings of the Lucky Bag must remain tightly drawn, the men for general field duty. The most of the women, , ^
a convoca building m Room 201, on March 2, Fowler Hall at Thtirsday At 9 a. m. ^women with
orientation numbers 1-10 will be
9:30, 11-20, ,10:00,
21-30,10:30,31-40 and 11;00, il-end. Schedule for mCn students will be
Classified
ii^d the Bag itself relegated to the misty purple vacuuity of our mind officers and men will go to Ft. Hai> Wednesday, March 1, a convocafitvm which it sprang many months ago. (Deep sobs from the background frison in three groups throughout the tion will be held in di this point.) If any of our enraptured readers should feel that life would month of March. Each group will 8 a. m. All new women students will hife empty and meaningless without at least one more Lucky Bag, let these remain for three days. be entertained at 7:00 p. m. in WRH brilliant and well-educated persons come forth and claim the many per- The course at Ft. Uarrison, which South recreation room^^
sdiidl thanks which we will shower upon them. If not, let them remain in will include problems, among other Registration for new students be- ^ numbers 1001 1026 1-30 their opium dens at peace with the world and its inhabitants and sailors, things, in camouflage and conceal- gins at 1 p. m. Friday, March 3, and jQ2g ^^^O^'^^OBl 1076 * 2-3o' ^.One of oiir pet peeves, if we had ever been a good enough citizen to have ment, defense against chemical at- these Who fail to register on Friday jqy0"2]^qq’ 3.qq hqi 1126 ’ any pet peeves, would have been a sentimental “good-bye” column. Now tack and rifle practice,-will augment may do. so Saturday morning. " ■ > ,
which has Schedules
MoiieVt to Ixiah-j-On diamonds, watjiiiSk
— ■ t&titt
Typewriters—Adding machines,,all make sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Miih'eg
Navy Revises General Duty Commissions Qualifications for Navy general duty commissions have been revised. Men with only two years of college
that the time has come to make our own farewells, we shrewdly intercept the training program ainiy impulse of our nasty old fingers to write maudlin reminiscences before been in progress for over a month at
they can press the typewriter keys. In the past we have managed to the University, violate nearly every rule ever set down to confuse and guide the unhappy eblumnist (except the one to use “We” instead of “I”, I think), but this one about short and snappy goodbyes we intend to leave intact. And so
heie goes:
Goodbye and good luck to you all, steady readers and impossible people alike. If you’ve taken as much childish amusement and wholesome pleasure in reading this thing every Saturday morning as we have, then we’re just spn-y that you couldn’t have shared some of the trouble it took us to write it every Friday afternoon. (Technically known as putting new teeth
in an old saw.)
Before the last knot is tied on this thing, we might explain what^the --y^rQrk are now eligible and the age title “The Lucky Bag” stands for. Sailors will know, but others may not. j^^s been raised from 35 to 37
In the^Navy, when a pencil, book, jumper, etc-, is found lying loose years.
(kdrift), it is thrown into “the lucky bag . When..the bag gets full its Applicants must have had at least contents are auctioned off to anyone inteiested. And so a lucky bag is, ^re years’ successful business or just a container for whatever might happen to be put into it. AVhen we. professional expedience and comstai'ted writing for the Exponent (face east towaids Mecca and bow thiee plg^e transcript showings-60 hours times at the mention of this mysterious word) last September, we had qJ college work, rib idea what type pf ^plumri we wanted this one to develop into, anAso we types of engineers are needed, decided on a headingJhat would cover almost everything from women to preferably agricultural, aeronautipolitics. That’s all there is to it. j ... cal, chemical, civil and electrical. • PURELY PERSONAL Various openings are also available The three things that have impressed us most in eight months of it: chemists, metallurgists and X The fascinating, crisp teaching technique of Economist Dr.,T. H. Smith, mathematicians.
The P. A. system of the beautiful Music Hall. ■ ■ •
The strange legend of a true Boilermaker and the clock in the tower of
Heavilon Hall. . question which wanted to, know if there were any improvements to be * HE MIGHT HAVE MEANT IT, TOO . ■ suggested for the campus newspaper. Everyone behaved himself and ' While dutifully sitting out the 0200-0400 watch Thursday night, we ran made reasonable suggestions with the exception of one gentleman, Robert
The schedule for registration for The schedules for physical exam-:
inations, identification photographs 01^‘^n’ 9^tn" and registration are ,as follows: if J no ’
Physical examinations for civilian - 41-60 and 1161-1200. -
men Thursday, March 2 in the Executive building. 9:00 a. m., 1001-1060, 10:00 a. in., 1061-1100, 11:00 a. m..
ALL STUDENTS IN THE schUol of mechanical AND AERONAUTICAL ENG. Any student wDo is eligible to register in the School of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering next tei^ should complete forms in Professor Solberg’s Office, Room 203, Mechanical Engineering Building, before he leaves the campus between terms. These forms were completed by those students who attended the meetings February 7 and 8 and need not be duplicated. This is especially necessary for those students who become 18 next term.
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Dravo Corporation, Neville Island 26, Pittsburgh, Pa.-r-Interested in M.E., E.E., C.E..Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, March 1. (Date of visit to be announced.) Packard Motor Car Company, Detroit, Michigan—Interest in M.E. and AeE. Sign in the Personnel Office by Thursday, March 2, 1944. (Date of*visit to be anno'unced.). These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment: Kingsley Furniture Company, Michigan City, ’Indiana—Interested in M. E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Thursday, March 2.
placement Nofies For Women ■ ‘ Brown UriivOr sity Graduate School announces a number of fellowships, scholarships and assistantships for graduate work in a '^number of doparferients. Any -students interested inay obtain,further information at the Placement, Seryicd for Women, 2955. Applications must be presented not later, than
March 1, 1944,
. j., j j. ’• j. 4. j Kraph wbricdone. C.,P. Ebetahclfl,'606 Any women students interested i,afiyette. Phone 2770, in Summer Camp jobs register at - . . ' . • , , . . ' International Cooperative House now .haB
once. Calls are already coming in a few openings for those interested in cooyfnv OAiiiioolnvH Hio+itissnc! nnil ntViPV erative living. Room and board ot iSst 101 counselors, aietipians, ana oiner available. 1 University st. Phoho
staff members. Further information 5757.
may be obtained at the Placement Aiteratibi.b, Service for Women, 2470, and any Call Anne Pamisi, 3740. 153 Sheets St..students interested may register Lo,t_Reward gu'^.i^^ed - idehtifleati^n Tr Tr /-I m 4. .4. bracelet. Patil Uber. S. E. Cary Hall, Rb'dih
Kappa Kappa Gamma Fraternity 239, Phone 8287.
is offering three ,$600 fellowships , . ' ^ , ■■ J. , . , , . Lost---Diamond sapphire Kappa key. Refor graduate study. “Any woman IS ward. Call 4079. . v'v’
eligible who is a citizen of the United States or Canada, has received her bachelor’s degree' or will obtain it prior to July 1 from a coU leg'd or university where there is a chapter of Kappa Kappa Gamuia, and who is not over 30 years of age. The applicant should, have made a real contribution to her glma mater and have a well outlined plan for
■ ■ lii
Wanted—Carriers to deliver the Exporieht 3 mornings a week. Call Expoiient Gircillh" tion office in sub-basement of Union after 4 p. m. ' ■
Notices
All Students: Any student who wifhbs ,to work for the Registrar during the restetm-
, , , iion for the March term, March 3 and 4, will graduate work’ . Applications must )>lease leave his name at the desk in Ihe
Registrar’s office. ", -
—STONE.
Union Sophomores: Those who petitioned and did not receive jobs may call for' thjiir sophomore keys at the Union Office any afternoon at 4 p. m. —BOWI4BY Fraternity President’s Council: Keys “ire in ; call Merril or Craven, 3301, at the Sigma Phi Epsilon or Fraternity Affairs Office fpr information. -
—CRAVEN•
across a pile of questionnaires which had been filled out by the boj’'s. Lehrel’; who boldly announced that he *\vas in favor of a better Navy Taylor InstrumentiCompanies, of Fueling it our duty to keep informed on current opinions of the day, we column. Lehrer is rapidly improving and should be up and about in a few Rochester, N. Y. — Interested in thumbed through the papers, keeping an extra-wary orb fastened On the days. ' M.E., Met.E., Physicists and Physi-
be made by March 1. Further information may be obtained from the Placement Service for Women. The Katharine Gibbs Secretarial School announces two national scholarships to be awarded to college seniors for training during the year 1944-1946. These consist of full tui-
tion for the special course for col- Ail Darkroom Users: After March' 9, Ipop wmnpn nnri in nflrlitinn n pncft; Union darkrooms may be used only on preslege wonien, ana IXl aaainOTl a casi^ entation of Camera Club membership csi^d» award of $300. Applications must be servicemen not excepted. Cards may be pb- „ ,, . - -tained at meeting March 9,. or by calling filed before April 1. Further inior- RpV Denison, 2143 or John Kice, 71644,'I>emationinay be obtained at the Place- this date. —KlCEv^ ment sirvice for Women, 92-2470. Lutheran Students’ Association: Com-: _ , ^ , -i munion will be give nto any student, desiring Radcllffe College, in Cambridge, it, Sunday, March 5, at 5:30 p. m. All Massachusetts, announces fellow- Uuthera:^ students ‘"'’'‘f^jjoLUDAY -
ships for training in personnel administration. These are to be offered for, the year 1944-46, of $600 each
Convo Ushers: Checks for ushering are now available at; the ticket office in the Ficldhouse. Call for them as soon as possible. —KING’
BOOKS f ■\. ' GIFTS • . V STATIONERY .£ \ ATHLETIC SUPPLIES ^ \ OFFICE SUPPLIES / X 4 AND EQUIPMENT Deckers Inc.
Follow Our Boilermakers ' Rest and Relax at the
Blue Blazer
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Walnut Room Cafe G.M. Pipes,'31
Get Your-~ STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS _ . s' University Book Store
PURDUE BASKETBALL
.2^
PURDUE
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality
No. Name , 32 Hoffman . 3^Horn 9 Gustafson 23 Kennedy .. 27 Frazier .... 30 Haag ........ 25 Friend
NORTHWESTERN
No. Name
Position
27. Vodick .. .
F.
23. Ward . ..
...F,
24. Felt
.C.
9. Carle .. ...
.G.
28. Schadler ...
G.
Ward (Piggy) Lambert
J'ina, SascuL and, fia&iAjULL
SMALL ENOUGH a,. to personalize its service to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer you the largest stock of USED. AND ’NEW TEXTS'.^ Complete Students Supply HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette SANDWIGHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and State
Get the Best!
SPORTS EQUIPMENT For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell.at
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO. GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 JIOUR SERVICE
4th Street Annex
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
/ Phone 4048
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
^0^