THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Becoming unsettled today; colder in afternoon.
Purdue Exponent
% Vin-.
t
SATOBDAY
i
Novei^ 19, 1938
1
Lafayette, huHana
VoL 50 No. 58
1
Old Oaken Bucket Goes On Block Today
Dad's To Register From 8-12; Smoker Tonight In Union
Destructive Pranks Threaten Friendly Spirit Of Purdue-Indiana Athletic Rivalry
Following last night’s opening banquet, the Dad’s Day program will get under way this morning with registration from 8 a. m. to noon in the Memorial Union foyer. Dad’s and mothers will tour the campus during the morning and lunch in the Union ballroom at 11:50, Tickets for the luncheon will go on sale for 65 cents from 9 until 11:50. Luncheon will last me hour, giving ample time for the parents to get to the game. The University Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will give a 10-minute concert during the luncheon. Tea Dance Immediately following the game, there will be a free tea dance which will last for an hour and a half, in the Union ballroom. At 6 o’clock a special dinner will be given for the mothers in the faculty lounge, giving the mothers an opportunity ;to meet and talk while the Dads are being entertained at the fraternities. Arrangements have been made for a special Dad’s Day smoker to be held in the Union ballroom tonight at 7:30 p. m. Entertainment will begin with music by Purdue’s (Continued on page 3)
(An Editorial) Football fans will pack Ross-Ade Stadium today, eager to see the Hoosier football classic that annually climaxes the traditional rivalry of our sister universities. When Purdue meets Indiana all statistics and dope can be ignored, for this pigskin series is famous for upsets, evenly matched teams, and hardfought games. Anticipation of this football finale always raises school spirit to a fever pitch at both institutions ... but this year has topped all the rest for effervescent enthusiasm. Indiana students invaded Lafayette as early as Wednesday, while nearly 150 Boilermakers riotously swarmed into Bloomington Thursday night, incited by rumors that lU had stolen their victory bell. They sought revenge—and got it in the form of Indiana’s victory chimes. This unusual spirit is commendable . . . until the tail shows signs of wanting to wag the dog. All events of the past few days should have built up to today’s final test of gridiron supremacy. Instead emphasis began to shift toward pranks that could tend only to cause bad feeling between the schools. So far no penpanent harm has been done. Students will be friends again as they talk over the game tonight. School administrations are willing to forget and forgive, but with an eye to the future they are anxious that students find saner outlets for their enthusiasm. The difference between school spirit and plain mob destruction may be the difference between whitewash and paint or the difference between decorating sidewalks and defacing buildings. The Exponent has encouraged the firing up of school spirit, but it wants to see Purdue and Indiana cherish their friendly relations. We’d like the two schools to keep right on acting like a pair of Irish brothers, who continually try to best each other in congenial contests, but who both instinctively fight back to back when attacked by any alien foe. (See editorial on page 2)
Boilermakers Will Try To Repeat Last Year's Victory; Game Will Start At 1:30
At 1:30 this afternoon Purdue and Indiana line up for the 41st battle in the Indiana-Purdue football series, and to battle for the Old Oaken Bucket, symbol of supremacy between the two Hoosier Schools since 1925. An expected crowd of 32,000 Hoosier fans will pack Ross-Ade stadium to witness the game, in which past records are scrapped, and two even teams take the field. “We may be favorites or underdogs to win, but Boilermakers invariably go on to the gridiron expecting to score a victory. Pll be proud of the 1938 team, win or lose Saturday, but don’t forget we always expect to win,” said Mai Elward last night. His Boilermakers enter the stadium heavy favorites to repeat their victory of last
'Miss Indiana' Burns As 4,000 Loyal Fans Watch Blazing Pyre
Bloomington’s gloom that has been hovering over that city for the past week last night drifted up to Lafayette and tried unsuccessfully to cry all over Purdue’s pep session. However, bolstered by the Purdue band. Gimlets, Reamers, and Skull and Crescent, over 4,000 students gaily carried out the last rites and ceremonies for “Missing” Indiana.
Starting in front of the Union, the Purdue Band led the enthusiastic students in singing “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” then headed
(Continued on page 3)
Dads’ Day Program
8:00 to 12:00—Registration in Memorial Union foyer. X0:00—Speedball and hockey on the women’s athletic field west of the Pharmacy Building. H;50—Luncheon for parents and students in Union ballroom. 12:30—Address of welcome by Paul F. Royster, president of the Purdue Dad’s Association. 12:35—Singing by University Glee Club. 12:45—Adjourn for football game. 1:30—Football in Ross-Ade stadium. After game—^Tea dance in ballroom. (Free). 6:00—Special mothers’ dinner in faculty lounge of the Union. 7:30—Smoker in ballroom. Mothers invited. 9:00—Mixer in ballroom. Two bands. SUNDAY 10:30 a. m.—Convocation in Fowler HalL
From The President's Office: Welcome, Dads
Greetings! We hope to make this the best of the many fine sessions you have held on this, your campus. There is but one obstacle—^the absence of President Elliott. However, his thoughts are with you today as you gather for another meeting of the Dads’ Assembly. From Manila, wher,e he is serving as a special adviser to the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines, he has sent a special request that I express to you his personal welcome. The,trustees, the faculty, the student body, and the alumni of the University join in this greeting to the Purdue Dads—and to the Purdue Mothers who we hope are with them. FRANK C. HOCKEMA, Assistant to the President.
Purdue Force Gets Away With lU Victory Chimes
• 23 Captured Purdue Men Try Out Bloomington Jail
Back To Old Purdue
Indiana U’s “victory chimes” rang out loud and freely in the hands of a band of Purdue Boilermaker students yesterday attesting to the success of their nocturnal visit to Bloomington Thursday evening. The chimes first appeared in Lafayette for a wild half-hour tour of the town when the band arrived here at 7:30 a. m., and again pealed out at last night’s pep session. Coupled with the capture of the victory chimes was the exposure of the hoax “burial” of Jawn Purdue at Bloomington Thursday evening. Indiana students buried merely an empty box, which was later dug up. Jawn Purdue is hale and hearty today, ready to take Indiana over the gridiron coals. Neal Gilliott, Blue Key president, and an Indiana Daily Student reporter unsuspectingly passed out this information to a telephoning member of the party. It’s veracity was shown by an empty hole at Jawn’s burial spot.
This picture of the six successful Boilermakers in Thursday night’s escapade into Bloomington was taken by an obliging gas station attendant (a Fordham man) in Indianapolis at 4:45 a. m. yesterday, as they returned to Purdue with Indiana University’s victory chimes. Wet of feet and with 8 o’clocks ahead, the group was nevertheless jubilant of mind. Meanwhile the second car in their band sped towards Lafayette by a more direct route.
The Snatch Is Made After boldly taking the chimes from behind Indiana’s Service and Stores Building at about 1:80 a. m., its captors drew their precious prize behind their car on a noisy
journey, straight by the Daily Student office, through the campus, and out an unguarded road to the east. High-point of the evening occurred when an Indiana watchman accosted the Boilermakers as thCly
prepared to remove the chimes frorh its carriage. He believed their tale that “Why, we’re from the SAE house, guarding the chimes for Blue Key from those nasty Purdue boys.” Soon after his departure, the said
year. PROBABLE LINEUPS Purdue Position Indiana Thursby L.E Widaman Mihal (CC) L.T Stevens Bykowski JL.G. W. Smith Humphrey (CC) C Sloss J. Winchell R.G Logan Timperman JR.T Haak Krause R.E Petrick Hennis Q.B Gr^diam Brown L.H Nicholson Brock R.H Clasen Ippolito F.B Dumke OFFICIALS: Referee, Joe Magidsohn, Michigan. Umpire, R. J. Eichenlaub, Notre Dame. Field Judge, George Yamelle, Wabash. Head Linesman, J. J. Lipp, Chicago. BROADCASTS: WBAA, Purdue; WFBM, Indianapohs; WOWO, Fort Wayne; WIRE, Indianapolis; WBOW, Terre Haute; WHAS, Louisville, Ky.; WLBC, Muncie. “Lots To Worry About.”—Bo As Indiana ended their practice for the year, Thursday, Bo McMillen said, “Our practice was not as good as it could have been. We’ve still got a lot to worry about.” Bo’s charges won their first game of the season last week from Iowa 7-3.
Herbert, Graham Cooperate
chimes also made their departure. Police Nab 23 Police pistols barked into empty air intermittently throughout the night as Bloomington police herded up six carfulls of other Boilermakers paying Bloomington a “friendly visit.” Twenty-three of the boys cooled their heels in the Bloomington jail from midnight until 3 a. m. Around the jail, a crowd of 50 Indiana students gathered, waiting to get at the Boilermakers as they were released. Bloomington police checkmated their plans, however, by giving each carload of Pui’due men a squad-car convoy out to the city limits. Boys Get Paddling Cars laden with Indiana students patrolled the campus after 1:30 a. m., still blissfully unaware that their prized victory chimes were gone. They captured one car of Purdue men, giving them a sound paddling. After Indiana’s paint-splashing here, 20 quarts of red paint were formed into “P’s” and “Beat lU’s” around the Union Building, Administration Building, and bulletin boards. A large amount of this paint was spread on the floor of the Union Commons or cafeteria. A large Purdue sticker adorned the front door to the home of Indiana University’s President Herman Wells.
Eddie Herbert, Crimson place kicker, boots one in a practice session as the Hoosiers drill for today’s game with the Boilermakers. Captain Paul Graham is holding the ball. Herbert, an accurate place kicker, has little chance to make use of his educated toe in the seven games Indiana has played so far, but he is preparing to make it count if occasion arises.
If Purdue wins today they will close one of the most successful seasons since 1929, when they weie Big Ten champions.
Kizer Will See Game
No reserved seats of any kind will be available at game time today. There will probably be some general admission tickets available at the Stadium before the game.
Noble Kizer, University athletic director, who has been on a leave of absence legaining his health, will see his first Pm-due game since 1936. “Nobe” turned over his coaching duties to Mai just before the 1937 season started.
Mathematically Pm due will have a chance to share the Big Ten championship if they defeat the Hoosiers today. So far this season theii only defeat was at the hands of Minnesota, then undefeated. Two ties, with Fordham and Iowa, and wins from Detroit, Butler, Wisconsin, and Ohio State completes theii schedule.
The game this afternoon will make the close of college football careers for 14 Boilermakers. Three of them will be in the starting lineup: Joe Mihal, Paul Humphrey, Tony Ippolito. George Spehn, BUI Vergane, Leonard Diehl, Jack Ainsworth, Morris Aronson, John Dilts, Charles Mann, Nate Poulos, '^^>ny Juska, Clyde Bliss, and Dick Ainslie also end their football today.
IiI
$diiofdcd
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^udtuMbi
Saturday, November 19, 1938
Hello Dads . • .
.. . come in and make yourself at home. We want you this week-end to see just what swt of a school Purdue is. We know you aJre^y have a good impression of our University because you considered it good enough for your sons and daughters.
Most of you will be sitting together at the game today, waiting for Purdue’s Boilermakers to score a few touchdowns. We certainly count on giving you plenty of satisfaction along those lines. The game will be the big show of the week-end, but we want you to see a whole lot more of Purdue than that.
A varied program has been arranged for your benefiit. Dads. Take advantage of it if you can, and remember this is your week-end. The campus and most of its activities will be devoted to you.
Encourage Spirit— But Curb Vandalism
By Tom Buck Editor Indiana Daily Student
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under thi act of Consrees of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. PuMished daily except Monday durinc the remilar academic year and weekly durine the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I, Stanbadi Business Manager R. R. Hensler
BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by underitradnate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, uhless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unslKned editorials are written by the editor-in-died.
RBPRESKNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVKRTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve A20 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO BOSTOS Los ANSELIS • SAS FDANCISCO
Ni^ht Editor—Terrid Issue Editor—^McKee Saturday, November 19, 1938
“This afternoon two mighty Hoosier football teams, the Purdue Boilermakers and the Indiana Fightin’ Hoosiers, will dig their cleats into the sod of Ross-Ade Stadium to match brawn, strategy, and a do-or-die spirit in a renewal of the traditional Purdue-Indiana rivalry.
“From the grandstands will come hilarious yelling from thousands of Purdue and Indiana fans witnessing the 41st game between the sister schools. The colorful Purdue-Indiana feud long has been recognized as one of the outstanding football rivalries in the country. Sportswriters the country over this week have placed the Purdue-Indiana tilt alongside the Minnesota-Wisconsin and the Yale-Harvard games, two pigskin feuds also to be climaxed today.
pitch on both the Purdue and Indiana campuses—a feeling of school spirit that has been unequaled during the last several years. Unfortunately this school spirit has resulted in a number of vandalic acts committed by a few students from both universities. Fortunately no serious damage has been done on either the Purdue or Indiana campus.
“The Daily Student hopes that school spirit will continue to run wild today on the part of both sides, for enthusiasm aroused over the Purdue-Indiana games plays an all-important part in making the rivalry what it is.
‘All this week enthusiasm has run at a high
“But at the same time this enthusiasm in no way should take the form of a demonstration which may lead to the destruction of property and more important to a just cause for the discontinuation of a collegiate tradition of which all Hoosierdom may be proud.”
an dJte
rar
By Georgaim Schilling
Indiana versus Purdue—in football, chess, and swing music; today is the day! The annual struggle really began over a week ago with a number of underhand antics on the part of over-enthusiastic students. But today’s doings will tell the tale. Welcome to all the dads! —H-H— Have you seen the very latest creation in campus cars? The one we have in mind is the bright yellow Model T belonging to Marilyn Wray and several of her chums. The auto is decorated with numerous large black dotes, and has been quite appropriately named “Dotty.” Marilyn reports that the vehicle runs perfectly, and you might be able to get a ride if you apply early enough. —H-H— Kappa Delta Rho fraternity will hold a radio dance tonight at the chapter * house on Northwestern avenue. The Beta Sigma Psis and the Alpha Kappa Lambdas will dance at Allen’s ballroom to the music of Irvan Mauray’s band. And in the ballroom Bud Bryant and Hal Lieber will furnish melodies for both Purdue and Indiana students who care to swing and sway. —H-H— Scoop! We’ve just found out that Lou Brock, speedy Purdue halfback, will be interviewed on WFBM’s College Circuit program at 11:46 on Sunday morning. Hank Miller, the WBAA staif member, will again be
on this program which is sponsored by Strauss Clothing Store of Indianapolis and dedicated to Indiana colleges. Dick Haskett, an lU student and a radio announcer, will also appear on the program along with a member of the lU football team. This sounds like something extra-special. —H-H—
Elliott, Bocobo
Send Greeting
Always on the go, tliese college kiddies, and this week-end will be no exception. Your scribe will probably be all tired out just keeping track of you. Just remember you “kaint beat fun.” We’ll be watching you!
Judgers Preparing For Chicago Contest
In preparation for the mid-west intercollegiate contest to be held during the International Livestock Show in Chicago, the University poultry judging team visited the Swift and Company packing plant yesterday.
President Jorge Bocobo of the University of the Philippines together with Purdue’s President Edward C. Elliott sent the following telegrams to the University through acting president Frank C. Hockema, concerning the annual Hoosier football clash. President of the University of the Philippines, an alumnus of Indiana University, is happy to join the President of Purdue University in saluting the officers, faculties, students, alumni, and loyal friends of Purdue University and Indiana University on the occasion of the annual football festival. Signed Jorge Bocobo, Edward C. Elliott.
Coached by E. E. Schnetzler, the team will compete against other midwestern colleges. During the three years of competition the Purdue teams have won twice.
Express personal greetings of the lucky Indiana-Purdue loyalists witnessing Old Oaken Bucket battle. Also Dads’ Association, devoted and mighty workers for Purdue. (Signed) ELLIOTT.
Bonnie Raber...
Motorcycle Club...
. . . members will make a road tour tomorrow starting at 1 p. m. from the cycle shop.
... Sc. ’38, was recently engaged to Dean Lowe, ME ’37, according to an announcement received from Miss Raber’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. Kyrle Raber. Miss Raber was an Alpha Chi and Lowe was a Kappa Sigma.
LUMA
— LAST DAY-
2 FIRST RUN HITSl
lACK MOVE
— PLUS — 3 MESQUITEERS
"HEART OF THE ROCKIES'
MONDAY
SEND YOUR VACATION BAGGAGE HOME BY RAILWAY
EXPRESS
That’s the way to vacation in style —with nothing to do but go. Just lock up your trunk and bags and phone Railway Express No extra I charge—no dickering or doubts One easy move. You see your baggage go, and can take your train with ^sigh of relief. • Convenient? 100%—and economical, too. Our rates are low, and you can send "collect,” if you wish, same as with our"home-and-back laundry service.” When you phone, tell us the time to come.
9 So. Second St., Phone 2Q25, Lafayette, Ind.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By iJcKfty
HAVE YOU NOTICED ... , . . all of the boys in the Sweet Shop these days? We understand that there is a story going aroUnd that there are a couple of Indiana co-eds come up early.
THURSDAY EVENING... , . . the improved and remodeled cheer leaders were locked in the Stadium—this included those co-ed leaders that have not made their debut as yet. How about that Mr. MEIERS. Has the Stadium all the possibilities we hear about?
DARRIN GRIDLEY ... , . . . Delt Debris junior has turned Joe College this year and has got three Residence Hall girls on his trail. Gridley not only has a junior activity, but a Delt pin and a car.
INDEPENDENCE IS... ... all right DARRIN but how about giving the girls a chance.
WE FOUND . . .
... a crumpled bit of telegram blank in our roaming about the Union last night. It said “Although letter late, good dates promised. My promises always good. Sorry impossible to break Saturday date. Please break Indiana date. Don’t leave me up a tree. Love
We wonder just where the “good dates” aie coming from???
SPEAKING OF . . . . . . graft and compromises—Fred Winter, Debris editor, has promised to lead the Union anniversary formal if the Union shots will get him a super date. Nothing like helping a buddy!
THIS COLUMN . . . . . is no good when it comes to advertising. Vice-prexy KANY, for whom we put in a plug, is still without a date for the Clyde McCoy dance. And he’s a sweet lad, too! On the ball, you thumb-twiddling co-eds-
POME FOR TODAY: “What have you done?’ asked
St. Peter
WELCOME Indiana Students
ENJOY A DELICIOUS HOME-COOKED MEAL AT
MITZI CAFE 213 Vine Street In the Village
ARC
TODAY—SAT.
AND
WoitU) WlOB
WL
'IheMaij Helbidqes
— ALSO— » “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN”'
!
‘Sign this release first! It’s just to protect the department v against lawsuits in case I drop you or something!”
“That I should admit you here.’ “I wrote Bold and Black” I said, “Been doing it all yeai.”
The good man’s mannei at once changed, He quickly touched a bell; “Come in, poor lass, select a haip, You’ve had your share of Hell.”
Cast, Ag. '17, Crowned Onion, Muck Champion
FAMOUS LAST LINES
W. K. Cast, Ag. ’17, was recently crowned omon-gi owing champion of Indiana and most outstanding muck land farmei at the muck crop show at Walkerton. His yield was 900.59 bushels per acre.
. . Well, there always basketball, and that starts damn soon too.
—LAST daydouble FEATURE
• One fighting man against a city's hidden crime/
with
dfiSIEU MOttlS PtAliSIS MUCH . KifA JdllNSdN • tftyci CABOt A First Run Movie Quiz Picture
— PLUS —
\MamTii
LAST DAY
STARTING TOMORROW M-G-M MUSICAL RDMANTIc'^i^
tUlSB FERNAND MIUZA
RMNER-GRAVETKORIUS HUGH HERBERT “
LIONEL ATWILL
When Frail Meets Male At Annapolis, it's
BroadwA/s 2'year mil* itary school rioL with
PRISCILLA LANE WAYNE
JOHNNIE 'SCA'T DAVIS JANE BRYAN • EDDIE ALBERT RONALD REAGAN • JANE WYMAN /I HENRY O’NEIL • Directed by WM. KEIGHLEY /^H' V e; '* ' m Saturday, November Id; IddS
\
THE PUBDUE
^hfihl-A
EXPONENt
Indiana Takes First Place In Big Ten Distance Meet
' Gold Peppers To Sell Gold, , White Chrysanthemums Gold Peppers, senior women’s activities honorary, will sell chry- ^ santhemnms this morning in the village, at sorority and fraternity houses, and this afternoon at the V fgame. Color of the chrysanthe>mums, priced at 60 cents each, will be gold for Purdue fans and white for those boosting Indiana.
BEAT INDIANA!!
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Monday Court 1—R, W. Berry, referee. 7 :00—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6. 7:16—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8:26—Cary Hall 8 vs. Caty Hall 8. 8 :40—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 9. Court 2—C. W. Mann, referee. 7 :00—Cary Hail 5 vs. Cary Hall 10. 7 ;16—Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 8 :26—Ward 8 vs. Ward 4. 8 :40—Ward 6 vs. Ward 6. Court 8—L. Juillard, referee. 7 :00—Ward 7 vs. Ward 8. 7 :16—Ward 9 vs. Ward 10. 8 :26—Ward 11 vs. Ward 12. 8 :40—Ward 18 vs. Ward 14.
AFTER THE FALL IS OVER
You can still wear RAMBLER in perfect comfort
Just because an early snow flurry may put a temporary end to the Fall season is no reason why you shouldn’t go right on wearing this Rambler coat of ours! For Rambler’s not only a superb coat on brisk fall days when there’s a nip in the air but it’s a warm friend on cold, wintry days as well, when the mercury starts to drop out of sight. Rambler keeps you dry through snow, sleet and rain. And when the sun comes back next Spring, you can still wear Rambler in perfect comfort, because Rambler, unlike' most topcoats, is made from a scientific combination of three important hair fibers — wool, mohair, alpaca. These three fibers and Hart Schaffner & Marx tailoring give Rambler shoulder lightness — plus wrinkle-resistance, wear-resist-ance, weather-resistance and wet-resistance. It’s a truly exceptional value at $35.00 Other Coats $19.50 up
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Riveters Still Have Mathematical Chance To Share Title If Gophers, Badgers Tie Wolverines-Ohio State Clash In Closing Contest At ColumbuSf While Northwestern Entertains N, Dame As the curtain rises on the final games of the season we see that the Boilermakers still have a. mathematical chance of tying for the Western Conference Championship. While Purdue is playing host to
the Hoosiers, Minnesota and Wisonsin are locking grips in what may prove to be the deciding game of the 1939 season. Gophers, worn down by a season which included games with Washington, Nebraska, Purdue, Michigan, Northwestern, Iowa, and Notre Dame, engage in a tough battle with the Badgers who have been inspired by a brilliant victory over U. C. L. A. According to the experts, Wisconsin has an ideal opportunity to spring an upset. If Wisconsin should hold the Gophers to a tie. Wolverines beat Ohio State, and the Boilermakers beat Indiana there would be a four-way tie for the title. Buckeyes Tough In another important contest the Wolverines will compete against the Buckeyes. It is expected that the Buckeyes will come back after only a fair showing in losing to the Boilermakers and settle down to a good game in their season’s finale. The Chicago-Illinois tilt provides some interest in the football -world because, if the Maroons should defeat the mini, they would probably play again next season. As it is, should the Illini win as expected, they will sever relations with the Maroons. Wildcats Battle Irish In the only game outside of the conference, the Wildcats will oppose Notre Dame at Evanston. It is commonly agreed that the Irish have a more powerful, faster, and moi’e aggressive team than this year’s edition of the Wildcats. However, the chances for an upset are ever present any time these renowned rivals meet on the gridiron. Notre Dame, however, is unbeaten and untied and does not intend to have its record of marred by the purple. Iowa and Nebraska will play in another non-conference tilt that will probably decide the fate of Irl Tubbs, the Iowa mentor. Cornhuskers have had one of the worst seasons in recent years, while the playing of the Hawkeyes has been spotty, the highlight of their season being their battle against Purdue when they held the Boilermakers to a 0-0 tie.
/
ielder’s... ... choice
Dr. Schuck, member of the foods and nutritions department, attended a State Dietetic Association meeting at Indianapolis yesterday. She reported on the program of the diet therapy section of the American Dietetic Association during its recent meeting at Milwaukee.
Many are the rumors which are being whispered around the Purdue campus lately as the Indiana game looms up in the immediate foreground . . . one of the latest spy reports has it that Indiana students have been throwing their support behind their chess team for toJftay’s tSlt with the Boilermakers . . . figuring that the chess team stands a good chance of winning, they forsook the football team to get behind something which had better future possibilities. —^fc— The same report "gave a little dope on the chess situation and as you have been hearing about football all week we thought a change would do you some good . . . just like studying is a good idea once in awhile just for variety’s sake . . . here is the report . . . “The Indiana crack (ed) chess combine went through a light scrimmage yesterday to tune-up for the Purdue fracas this week-end . . . plays were made concentrating on the running attack by the pawns and knights. —^fc— “Slap-happy” Horace will be in the lineup today after being out of play for a week as the result of writer’s ^ramp obtained from the signing of so many autographs after the victory two weeks ago over the Hiawatha Grammar School ... we haven’t been able to check whether the above report is the straight truth or not so we’ll give. it to you for what it’s worth . . . which isn’t very much. —^fc— More rumors running riotous and rampant seem to indicate that the city of Bloomington must look as if it has suffered a purge . .. desolate and in ruins . . . the whole town seems tp be moving north piece by piece ... we hear that a Bloomington city limits sign is reposing on the campus somewhere. It’s a sure thing that we have their chimes, and now all we have to do is get the corner stone of their Union Building to top it all off. —^fc— Just a friendly little rivalry and all that . . . it’ll probably end up in a massacre though, even with all of the good (?) intentions of everyone.
It's Here! The Finest Light Plane Ever Built . . . the New 1939 CUR COUPE Learn to ily in a new Cub while in schooL at lower rates, and by a competent instructor. ONLY $3.00 per lesson! Take Dad to See Purdue from the Air—Only 50c. PURDUE UNIVERSITY AIRPORT
Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee
Phone 41641
Trutt Wins Big Ten Cross Country, Setting Record As Bad Weather Prevails Led by the versatile Mel Trutt, Indiana’s great cross country athlete. Coach Hays and his Indiana University cross country five walked out of Ross-Ade stadium yesterday afternoon in possession of their sixth consecutive conference cross country championship. In leading the pack to the tape, Trutt not only won the race but set a new conference mark for the run with the time of 20:11.8. The old time of 21.3 was set by Woolsey of Illinois in 1932. By capturing first, fifth, sixth eighth, and tenth places, the easy going Hoosiers gathered 30 points. Following the Crimson were Wisconsin with 49 points, Ohio State with 62 points, and Purdue with
72 markers.
Whittaker Second In the battle for individual honors, Jim Whittaker, of Ohio State finished about 100 yards behind the flying Trutt. Walter Mehl, the Big Ten two-mile champion from Wisconsin, finished third about 40 seconds behind Whittaker. Purdue’s ace, Bodeau, managed to grab the fourth place but was fairly hard pressed by another Hoosier, Rob-
bins.
The meet was run with a strong, cold north wind blowing that aided in making the runners labor more than they would have had to had the weather been warmer and calm-
er.
Purdue Men Following Bodeau to the finish line for Boilermakers was Reeves, in 15th place, Gaulke in 18th position, Marozick in 19th, and White 23rd. Band Perfects Drills For Indiana Game Preparing to match maneuvers Saturday afternoon with Indiana University’s famous marching band, the 130 members of the Purdue “AllAmerican” band have been working for over a week in the Stadium and on Russell Field pei’fecting several new gridiron formations. The new maneuvers will honor the Dads and alumni present at the contest with a surprise climax centering around the famous “Old Oaken Bucket.” In order to speed up the formations, the band’s cadence has been stepped up to nearly 180 beats per minute.
Breakfast will be served to the Sportswomen at the WAA cabin tomorrow morning at 7:30. Jo Cook, in charge of arrangements, has asked that members meet at 7:15 in front of the Women’s Gymnasium where transportation to the cabin
will be provided.
Sportswomen are co-eds who’ve earned “P” monograms by participating in various WAA activities. Alumni as well as active members are invited to attend the break-
fast.
In connection with other Dads’ Day activities, WAA will sponsor a speedball tournament at 10 a. m. and a special all-star hockey game at 11 this morning on the women’s athletic field. Teams for both games are made up of the best players who have participated in
fall sports.
Through the efforts of WAA and the physical education department, motion pictures of each game will be concluded' Tuesday evening with a sports spread at the WAA cabin beginning at 4:30. Numerals will be awarded at this time. Dads To Hear Violin Redial Tomortow Planning a program of special interest for dads. Miss Phyllis Baker will present a recital of violin music in the njusic room of the Union tomorrow at 4 p. m. This program is open to all visitors, faculty, students, and townspeople, according to the music room committee. The doors will be closed promptly at 4 and will be opened only during intermissions.
Miss Indiana -
(Continued from page 1)
Dads Register — (Continued from page 1)
up Grant street to Stuart Field and the gigantic bonfire laid for “Miss Indiana’s” funeral. Burned At The Stake Indiana’s requiem might be more appropriately described as burning at the stake; her huge pyre, topped by a Bloomington “city limits” sign, was gleefully lighted by the attending pallbearers. Keynoted by Mai Elward’s “Our faculty, our student body, our coaching staff, and our great football team doesn’t have to be afraid of a damn thing that Indiana has,” in reply to Coach Bo McMillin’s statement that Purdue was afraid of Indiana’s p(assing attack, the cheering students roared approval of senior guard Jim Maloney’s and Exponent Sports Editor Bob McDonald’s short talks. Alward Gets Football After drawing the names of the four persons who didn’t attend the pep session. Reamers in conjunction with the athletic department, awarded their annual autographed football to the fifth name drawn, that of G. L. Alward, freshman engineer from Canton, Ohio. With the appearance of the Indiana victoi*y chimes, in possession of some loyal Purdue fans at present, the pep session broke into a snake dance and wound over the levee following the chimes to make a futile attempt to crash the Lafayette Theatre. This telegram arrived from Eastern New York Purdue Alumni last
German band imder the direction of Bob Phillips. During the first half of the program, contests will be held to find the baldest dad, the dad with the most hair and the thinnest as well as the fattest dad. Zouaves Will Act After results of the first contests have been announced and the prizes awarded, the Zouave squad will give a short exhibition. A search will follow for the tallest and shortest dad, the dad coming the farthest, and the dad with the most kids. Selections by the concert choir, directed by A1 Stewart, will conclude the program. R. B. DeMars and V. H. Hruby, Union vice-presidents in charge of the smoker, urge all students to accompany their dads. To conclude the week-end of festivities, Dads and Mothers are invited to attend the Convocation for Worship in Fowler Hall at 10:30 tomorrow; morning. At a dinner meeting of the executive committee of the Purdue Association and the Purdue Mother’s Club last evening in the Union, a proposal made several times that the two organizations merge was accepted.
night too late to be read at the pep session: “Keep that bucket. Alumni at Schenectady meeting tonight to cheer for team’s success tomorrow. Congratulations to Mai and team on great record. Finish up the good, work by polishing off Indiana.”3[ixaL CbdUu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
VIntiroA.
Saturday, November 19, 1938
^Gates, Cats^ JUierbuffS Will Swing" At Mixer Band Battle
Battles in chess and on the gridiron this afternoon will not be the only Purdue-Indiana clashes engaged in today, as Bud Bryant and his popular campus band will meet Hal Lieber and his swingsters from Indiana in a “battle of bands” at tonight’s mixer in the Union. The affair that promises to be a typical Boilermaker-Hoosier contest, will begin at 9 o’clock and the regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail. “To Hal with Lieber,” said Maestro Bryant last night, “We intend to make it a Boilermaker victory all the w^ay around. Our gates will really give out with a solid send of jive that really makes the cats get up and swing out. We,also have some fine new arrangements of the sw’eet tunes in the bucket too.” Bryant and his 13-piece organization feature a sophisticated swing tj'^pe of music, and are the oldest dance band on the campus. Hal Lieber will be remembered as the young man with the golden voice who sang with Jimmy Cathcart’s band here last year. This year he has taken over the Cathcart organization and has won great favor with lU students. He and his 13 swingsters play a stomp style similar to that of Glen Gray and the Casa Loma orchestra. Budget Committee Meets Trustees Here Members of the legislative budget committee arrived at the University Thursday night and will remain here until tonight. Purpose of their visit is to confer with the finance committee of the Board of Trustees about the biennial budget requests of the University, which will be presented to the legislature in January. Members of this committee are Senators Floyd Garrptt, ’08, Battle Ground; Walter Vermillion, Anderson; Representatives Hobart Crei-' ghton, Warsaw; Edward Stein, of Bloomfield; and Budget Director Edward Brennan, of Indianapolis.
Dr. Wicks To Lecture Here Tomorrow For 2nd Religious Convo' “Homes That Transmit Our Heritage,” will be the subject of Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, dean of the Princeton Chapel, when he lectures here before the second Religious Convocation of the present academic year in Eliza Fowler Hall at 10:30 tomorrow morning. Says Dean Wicks concerning his subject, “I find many students are quite at sea as to what they will ever be able to hand on to their children, and this is a good yoint of interest which becomes a good approach for the discussion of relig-
At the convocation. Director of Musical Organizations A. P. Stewart will again present his 150 voice University Choir plus the colorful touch of the newly created Echo Choir. The Echo Choir, composed of 24 vocalists seated in the balcony, presented echo &nd other effects at the first Religious Convocation several weeks ago. Choir Lauded Said the Right Reverend Monsignor Fulton John Sheen, speaker at the first convo, “I have lectured at a good many universities all over the country, but this is the best student choir I have heard.” According to musical organization officials, all comments about the Echo Choir were very favorable. A new vocalist will be introduced on Sunday’s religious program. Wallace Woodrow, baritone, transfer student from Muskegon, Mich., will present the solo in the second anthem of the program. The two anthems to be sung by the choirs are, before the lecture, “Jesus Word of God Incarnate,” and after the lecture, “The Agony.”
Various sections of the junior classes in nutrition visited the dairy department this week to witness the Babcock testing method for the determination of fat in 'milk. Prof. K. V. Bryan gave the demonstrations, and Dr.* L. Margaret Johnson conducted the trips.
Saturday November 19, about 7 a. m. to help sell tickets for Dad’s dinner and reKistration. —STOCKER.
Fifth Novice Pistol Group: Will fire Monday afternoon, November 21. It is expected to complete the fore of this group Wednesday, November 28. —HAYFORD.
Secord, D. R. Shoemaker, R. A. Sochar, A. Stanley, A. C. Stone, I. W. Strong, A. Suzzatto, T. C. Swanze, J. M. Walters, W. WeijolA, B. N. Werner, P. W. Wolverton, W. H. Wbodling, R. H. Wyczowski. —SANDERS.
morning, November 20, at 7:30 at the WAA cabin All alumni are invited. —SHAFFER.
CiassHied Ads
Officers and Ladies of the Military Department: Will gather for a no-host dinner dance at Lincoln Lodge at 7:30 tonight. Status of the “Bucket” will be cheered oi mourned as the case may be. —HAYFORD.
Episcopal Students: Breakfast in parish house following Holy Communion at 8 a. m Sunday, November 20, at St. John’s Church. —THORNTON.
All Star Hockey 'learns: 'ine following girls have been chosen as members of the all star teams : Gold team—Jeanette Morris, Captain, Cook, Major, Merritt, ard, Blagrave, Vandiver, Fitch, Weizhorr, Maier, Hoover, Roderick, Campbell; Black team— Shaffer, Captain, McFarland, Schroder, Metzger, Walker, Swift, Rieman, Rubright, Harrison, Smith, Thomks, Fishleigh, Stickler. —SHAFFER
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, November'20, at 7:30 p. m. at 202 Waldron street. Bring * manuscripts, guests coming. —JUSTIN.
Freshmen Engineers: All divisions of engineering lectures will meet on Saturday, November 19, at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. C. C. Furnas of Yale University will be the speaker. Fathers of freshmen engineers are invited to attend this lecture, —KNAPP.
Sports Women; Those planning to attend the breakfast to be held at WAA Cabin Sunday, November 20, meet at the Women’s Gym at 7:30 in the morning. —SHAFFER.
Delta Rho Kappa; Informal initiation Tuesday, November 22, at 7 :30 in the faculty lounge of the Union building. Bring fees and signatures —HANNAS.
Purdue Sportswomen: Breakfast Sunday
Activities Bureau: All those who received letters from the Activity Bureau concerning the moving picture that is being produced, please send me, at the activities bureau, a dated list of your group or special functions, including the date, time of day, and the place in which it is to be filmed. —BAKER.
FOR SALE
TAILS OR TUXEDO for sale. Cheap. Phone 66634.
Black and Tan Fantasy: Singing chorus please meet in the tower room at 8:30 Sunday, November 20: Summers, Davis, Patrick, Wolcott, Howell, Hoadly, Mertz, Whitehead, Avery, Amt, Hutton, Deuster, Smith, Chase, Kellner, Small, Murray, and Pogue. —WORCESTER.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $28.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, «0e Main street.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Sunday, November 20, in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4:80 p. m. —AYASUN.
WATCH CLEANING $1.00; main springs $1.00, crystals 26c and 36c. Work guaranteed. Kellai’s Watch Shop. 223 Main.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Brown topcoat tailored by A. Nash Co. Finder please Call Kleinhnecht 2424. Reward.
LOST—Polyphase duplex slide nile. Paul Forsythe on case Please return to SAE house. Reward.
Ushers and Police: All Ushers and Police who worked at the Wisconsin game and the following report at Gate 2 at the south end of Stadium, Saturday, November 19, at 12 :00 noon for the Indiana game: H. W. Anderson, W. B. Billings, J. W. Clark, R. L. Doran, H. O Drabenstott, R. L. Elton, C. F. Feasley, E A. Gratunick, E. W. Hackney, J. F. Harper, K. Harrel, J. T. Hepburn, J. H. Jacobi, P. R. Jordan, R. H. Kellog, R. Lane, M. O. L’Heureux, A. S. Linder, W. E. Luthardt, J. D. Lynch, C. C. McDonald, J. P. McGrath, J. R. McGuire, R. P. Manion, C. K. Milner, T. Moran, W. R. Nielsoh, J. M. Patterson, K. E. Patterson, G. Porter, J. A. Powell, J. Price, J. B. Pyle, G. W. Reeder, F. A. Robbins, J. R. Scribbins, F. N.
GOOD LUCK BOILERMAKERS! WE'RE BEHIND YOU 100 PER CENT EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 Sfate Street A Complete Line of Quality Hardware
LOST—One tan embroidered mitten. Return to or call Chi Omega.
ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOM AND BOARD—For students. 123 Sylvia St.
Union Sophomores; All available Union workers please meet in lobby of the Union
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
ALLEN! srnimmi, m pamc?
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Opens Wed., Nov. 30th
7:30 P. M.
Advanced Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st
7:30 P. M.
No Lessons Given During Holiday Vacation. P. M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
BOYS! Treat Dad to a CHOP STEAK 10c FROSTED ROOT BEER . 10c TOTAL .... 20c The Finest 20c Lunch in Town TRIPLE XXX
WIN OR LOSE
YOUR DAD WILL WANT A SOUVENIR We suggest banners, song books, jewelry, book-ends, pipe racks, cigarette lighters and belt buckles with the Purdue Crest on them. Come in and make your own selection. SOUTHWORTH'S BOOK STORE
308 State Street
Phone 7851
Don’t spoil the Game By Nerve-Wracking Traffic Jams and Parking Problems. Use the STREET CARS and Enjoy