THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy and colder today. Tomorrow fair and somewhat colder.
Purdue Exponent
Homecomingr Edition
SATOBDAY
October 22, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 34
Purdue Faces Badgers At Bomecoming
Alumni Register For Homecoming; Face Busy Day Students and staff members were busy last night completing arrangements and decorations for the crowd of 20,000 attending the annual Homecoming and football game in Ross-Ade Stadium today. The Union Building was the center of school spirit as the band, led by ‘Spots’ Emrick, filed into the ballroom playing ‘Hail Purdue” and “On Wisconsin” to end the alumni banquet and begin the pep session for the game this afternoon. Alumni continued to register, and at the latest count, well over 200 had signed up at the desk in the Union lobby. Late last night, a glance at the bulletin board in*the lobby showed that the oldest class represented was that of 1884, while the class with the most registratibns was that of 1937. The new University buildings will be open for inspection, and the plans and sketches of buildings proposed or already under construction will be on exhibit in the music room of the Union. Information Desk For the benefit of the alumni. Union sophomores will be on duty at an information desk, near the registration desk in the Union lobby. These sophomores will also act as guides on toui’s starting at the Union Building and including such points of interest as the Airport, WRH, Cary Halls, and the new Fieldhouse. At 10 o’clock two frosh gridiron teams will meet on north Stuart Field to give the visitors an insight into the University’s futui'e football teams. Twenty minutes later, the Badgei-Boilei maker rivalry for the day will open with the start of the cross country meet. At 11:66 a. m., the classes of 1911 and 1912 will meet in the ballroom of the Union for their luncheons. Fraternity and sorority luncheons aie scheduled for 12:10 p. m. Alumni Will Hear Irvan Maury At Tonight’s Mixer Alumni, students, and visitors will dance to the music of Irvan Maury’s orchestra tonight at the regular dollar mixer beginning at 9 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Irv and the boys are featured regularly on WBAA’s College Caravan program, have proved very popular with the students at swing sessions, dances, and various campus functions. The band has a style of rocking I’hythm, starring Darlene Mahns as vocalist. Tonight, “Irv” and “Maury” and the orchestra will give their renditions of several Raymond Scott arrangements and imitations of Tommy Dorsey, Clyde McCoy, and other well known bands. As a specialty Chuck Coe will be featured on the tenor saxophone'. Shaw Likes It; So Do Dancers By the Dancing Reporter “I like it swell,” quoth maestro Artie Shaw between bars of the “Lambeth WMk.” “If you mean the crowd, . . . they’re fine, too,” he added as the Exponent hound tried to make out what he said. Union officials estimated something like 446 couples enjoyed the swing of the visiting band last night on the eve of homecoming.
Welcome Back, Mumni
Team Of'13 Gathers For Homecoming At Reunion Banquet “I remember that we had quite a time with the Wisconsin team that year. Oliphant was quite a hero when he tied up the score 7-7. It was really tough going too; the field was very muddy from a three inch rain the night before, and it had turned cold.” These incidents and others were brought back to mind by John “Bobby” Berns, ChE '14, and others on returning to the campus for homecoming. Berns played guard on the 1913 Boilermaker team which was honored at the Homecoming Banquet last night in the Union ballroom. Members of the varsity team were presented with silver football trophies at the aifair which marked their 26th anniversary. Over 300 Attend More than 300 attended ITie banquet which was planned as a gala affair for returning grads. Burr Swezey, president of the alumni association, presented the trophies. President C. A. Dykstra of the University of Wisconsin, David E. Ross president of the Purdue Board of Trustees; Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president; Head coach Mai Elward, Prof. G. A. Young, president of the “P” Men’s club; R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic director, and ticket manager C. S. Doan spoke. Swezey also presented to John Petty, Lebanon, Pa., sophomore on the varsity, the Alumni Association gold watch for the player who made the greatest improvement as a freshman. M. W. “Skiv” Cameron Indianapolis, served as toastmaster. Marching into the ballroom be(Continued on page 4) Union Will Present Music Room Concert For Alumni Sunday Coincident with the huge homecoming program and to afford alumni an opportunity to meet student artists, the Purdue Memorial Union will present a music recital tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the music room. The program will feature Fred Baase, xylophonist, and James F. Munro, baritone. Edith Mills will accompany Moore on the piano. This will be the first opportunity for the alumni to hear two of Purdue’s prominent musical artists. Baase because of his ability was recently appointed master musiccian in the military band, and is also an assistant director of the band. Moore is a member of the Men’s Glee Club. ^
Today Program 8:00^ a. m. to 12 noon—Free alumni registration—Union Building. 10:00 a. m.—Frosh football game on Stuart Field. 10:00 a. m.—Alumnae vs. seniors in field hockey at Stuart Field. 10:20 a. m.—Start Wisconsin-Purdue cross country meet on Stuart Field. 10:43 a. m.—Finish of Purdue-Wisconsin cross country meet. 11:55 a. m.—1911 and 1912 class luncheons in the Union Building. 12:10 p. m.—Fraternity and sorority Luncheons. 2i00 p. m.—HOMECOMING GAME—WISCONSIN vs. PURDUE, RossAde Stadium. 4:30 p. m.—Football frolic and smoker in Union ballroom. 6:00 p. m. 1914 class silver anniversary executive committee dinner in reception room. 9:00 p. m.—Homecoming dance in the Union ballroom. From The President's Office: Among Purdue men and women, it is a well-known fact that the spirit of the University exists, not only on the banks of the Wabash, but whereever its loyal alumni live and work. For President Elliott, who is in Manila serving as special adviser to the Board of Regents of the University of the Philippines, I am happy to welcome you back to your Alma Mater. On behalf of the Trustees and the faculty of Purdue, I am privileged to say that we are delighted that you are here. The University of the present is stimulated and strengthened by devoted energy such as yours. Your comradeship and your loyalty, which are the results of the days which you spent at Purdue, are a guarantee of the benefits which other generations will derive from Purdue in the future. Thus the bonds of good fellowship will be strengthened and the power of Purdue will be increased. Bully for the Purdue Alumni! We will always back you because you will always come back. F. C. HOCKEMA, Assistant to the President. Fraternities^ Sororities Decorate As Part Of Annual Homecoming Display^
By Jim McKee Just a bit about fraternity and sorority decorations for the weekend. We can’t list them, but here are a few that we have seen: Defending fraternity champions, the Phi Gams will have the “PURDUE DOWNS Wisconsin” with two nags. Boilermaker and Badger, running m the feature race of the day. There’ll be three extra stalls, for the three remaining games. The Chi O’s think that their hen, sitting on a nest of footballs, can win from the sororities. The caption says, “We’re Laying For Wisconsin.” Last year the Chi 0 dirigible won in the sorority class. Kappa Sigs Have Waterfall Trying to regain their foi-mer supremacy in the decoration line, the Kappa Sigs will have water cascading from the dorm windows over a rock waterfall. In the rock will be a Wisconsin and a Purdue seal. Across the stieet, the “SS Purdue” slides down the PiKA steps and passes through the Wisconsin draw bridge—“Make Way for the Boilermakers.” The PiKPhi yard is decorated with a model of Heavilon Hall. One of Sully Mason’s “poor puns” tops a goal post, with a dangling Badger. “Purdue Hangs Wisconsin by De-Feet.” Across the front of the KKG house is the caption, “We’ll Climb All Over the Badgers.” Up each
Boilermakers Unbeaten In Wisconsin Home Games
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE POSITION Britt or Rankin L.E Mihal (CC) L.T L. Johnson L.G
Humphrey (CC) Verplank Diehl
Mackiewicz Hennis
Brown
Brock Ippolito
WISCONSIN Gile Eckl Hovland
Stonewall
gutter pipe scramble two Boilermakers. Big Ten flags crown the roof’s edge. 17 Foot High Sign The Student Union put their decorations on top of the Tower Room. An illuminated sign 17 feet high “Welcomes” all grads back to the Union. Flood lights illuminate the building front, and colored lights are strung from the building to the sidewalk in front. This morning a committee appointed by the Alumni Association will inspect the houses. A cup is given to the fraternity and sorority judged the best. Iron Key Selects Eight Activity Men Iron Key, secret campus organization for senior men, announces the induction of eight members .of the University class of 1939. New Iron Key men are Ted D. Cabonargi, school of mechanical engineering; William Feldman, science; Lowell S. Hardin, agriculture; Harold E. Lewis, chemical engineering; Gordon W. Matthews, mechanical engineering; Robert I. Schumacher, public service engineering; Harris I. Stanback, electrical engineering; and Fred W. Winter, civil engineering.
.C Murray
.. ..R.G O’Brien R.T Brodhagen . .R.E Lorenz
Q.B Gavre
L.H — Gradisnik R.H Bollin
-F.B Weiss
OFFICIALS—Referee, James Masker, Northwestern; Umpire, John Schommer, Chicago; Field Judge, W. D. Knight, Dartmouth; Head Linesman, Jay Wyatt, Missouri. \ BROADCAST —WBAA, Purdue; WO WO, Fort' Waype; WFBM, Indianapolis, and WTMJ, Milwaukee.
GAME TIME—2:00 o’clock.
Determined to continue their string of home victories over the Badgers which dates back to the first series game in RossAde Stadium^ the Boilermakers will run onto the field this afternoon in excellent physical and mental condition for the annual Homecoming game which starts at 2 o’clc^k.
Wisconsin’s attack is built about powerful Howard Weiss, senior fullback, who was the outstanding performer in the Pittsburgh game last week, carrying the ball 24 times for an average of 3.6 yards per try. The Pittsburgh game resulted in several minor injuries, with Bill Schmitz, halfback, one of the hardest hit. Schmitz did not make the trip, according to word from Wisconsin, due to a bruised shoulder incurred in the Panther tilt, and Eckl, first string tackle, may not start the game because he is suf-
fering from a leg injury. Practice Without Pads
Mai Elward sent the Boilermakers through practice yesterday for the second consecutive time without pads, the players avoiding actual contact. Elward hopes that they will be in the best shape possible for the Badger fracas after coming out of the gruelling Minnesota and Fordham games with no
serious injuries.
During the past week Elward has been drilling his passers with the possibility in sight of using Byelene Brown, Nesbitt, Clark, and Tykocki as a part of an aerial attack which has been noticeably missing up to this time, with no outstanding pass tosser appearing as yet to fill the shoes of Cecil Isbell. It was Isbell’s 60 yard pass from the Boilermaker 20 yard line to Jim Zachary, (Continued on page 4)
Joe, Mihal, co-captain, a stonewall against the Fordham battering Rams, and a 60 minute ball player against Minnesota’s huge Gophers, chief figure in Riveter defense.
Elliott Sends First Letter From Desk In Philippines ‘ October 12, 1938. Professor Prank C. Hockema, Assistant tp the President, Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana. My dear Prank: The China Clipper will start within a day or two, and will I hope carry this brief note to you. This is my first day at the new desk in the University of the Philippines, and the first dictation is designed for you; in order that you and the members of the staff on the second floor of the Executive Building may know that I am back in harness. While traveling on the Empress of Canada, I penned two short notes for you. One of these was mailed in Yokohama and may reach you before this; the other was stamped in Hongkong and will probably not be in Lafayette until next month. When we reached the Manila dock Sunday noon we were half a day late, having been caught in a small-sized typhoon. We found that the Clipper mail service had been seriously disturbed of late and consequently there was no mail for us. The next Clipper is due this evening and I am hoping to have from each mail bag some word from you. If so, I shall add a postscript tomorrow. Although we have been in Manila but three days, it is easy to see that both Mrs. Elliott and I will be kept very busy with Philippine hospitality. The university work promises to be a unique undertaking, and Dean Packer and I had agreed.that neither of us has ever had a more obsorbing commission. Yours very sincerely, (Signed) EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
.1 d
4 ■'ij
a?THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-SUXiuMA
Saturday, October 22, 1938
Take Over The Reins... . . . today, alumni, for the campus is youi-s. Students and faculty will gladly take a back seat while yoil renew old acquaintances, recollect college experiences, re-explore the University and the Lafayettes. We’ve been expecting you and preparing for you for the past week. Fraternities and sororities will be lavishly decorated for the occasion. The Union last night lighted up its huge “Welcome, Purdue Alumni” sign on the tower. The words on that sign are typical of the greetings you’ll get from every side. They are the theme of most of the advertisements in today’s paper. Almost every fraternity, sorority, hotel, and ^tore in town has erected sighs conveying that sentiment. A full week-end program has been arranged for your benefit. Last night’s banquet supplied a good beginning. Now take over the reins and concentrate on meeting your classmates and reliving the best parts of your four years at Purdue.
Coming Back ...
... to West Lafayette you will find only three new buildings on the campus map. Thesh' are the two new Cary Halls and the Agricultural' Engineering Building. Looking around a little closer, however, you will find some excavation going on. Come back a year from now and you will find that excavation has developed into $4,631,400 worth of much needed construction. The world’s largest Music Hall will be constructed just behind the present Executive Building . . . the Memorial Union, which you alumni helped to pay for, will be just doubled in size and facilities; the Cary Hall unit will be finished by the building of two .more Halls; chemical engineers will be housed in a new edifice north of the Mechanical Engineering Building, and another Women’s Residence Hall will be in use. PWA gi'ants totalling $2,084,133 made possible the financing of these buildings. These buildings will enable Purdue University to grow in facilities as it has already grown in enrollment—they will eliminate the slight crowding that has been necessary in classrooms this year. Enrollment this year has again increased. With 6,778 students, or 602 more than last year, Purdue’s student body is ten percent larger this year. Co-ed registration increased 15 percent, so that there are now 1,213 women students on the campus. This is the third consecutive year that the Univetsity has seen a large enrollment gain.
Football...
... is the day’s main dish, and Wisconsin, again our Homecoming foe, is rated tough enough to give Purdue a stiff battle. Today will give the fans and you alumni a chance to see the light and relatively inexperienced Boilermaker team that has shown such ex-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Setsion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. 1. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor... S. Hardin City Editor D, A. Bailey Associate EditorB....G. yf. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M.' C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager JE. M. Antohini Circulation Manager .: _....W. P. Berg Sales Manager. — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager— — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director _D. J. Henninger EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Ganzer Saturday, October 22, 1938
traordinary team .spirit this year—enough spirit to hold stronger and heavier teams time after time even when backed up against their, own goal line. We hope to see all you alumni at the game today— and we hope that both students and townspeople will show you the courtesy you have a right to expect. We want to see Rose-Ade Stadium full of real football fans—fans who will be drunk only with the enthusiasm of the game. .c • If Any Plaster Fell... . . . in fraternity or sorority houses this week, the trouble could probably be laid at the feet of the Boilermaker yell'leaders. Head Cheer Leader “Stubby” Meier has apparently given up his fruitless search for a female cheer leader and turned his staff’s talents, into, a more positive vein. Representatives of the cheering squad spent the week visiting organized houses of the campus and instructing them in the art of lung busting. Equally, if not more important to the effect of a directed cheer from the stands is the unity as well as the volume of the cheer. Meier seems to have analyzed the past faults of the cheering and decided to teach the student body the correct yells, instead of expecting them to learn them by proxy. If the alumni will lend an ear to the students at today’s game, and follow their guidance in yelling, Wisconsin will have something to remember their defeat by.—R. E. I.
and
By Georgann Schilling
M. Engieman Breaks 14.1 Billiards Record Tuesday night in the billiard room of the Union, M. H. Engelman broke the record for 14.1 pocket billiards with a run of 24. The record had been held since ’33 by Ed Soo.
Today we want to dedicate our column to the many returning alumni.. This is the one day out of the year dedicated to them. Among the members of the 1913 team who plan to attend the Homecoming activities are John Berns of Indianapolis; Elmer Oliphant of Cassville, Mo.; Charles Wilson of Tulsa Okla.; Herbert O’Brian of Detroit, Mich.; Frank Blocker of Hammond; and Kenneth Bishop of Paris, 111. To these former Him and Hers, who were once undergraduates too, we send our words of greeting. —H-H— Entertainment should not be lacking this week-end for either alumni or students. Following the football game the Union is sponsoring a frolic open to every one, while the WRH entertains students and alumni at a coffee hour. This evening besides the regular mixer the ATO’s Delta Chis, Theta Taus, Kappa Delta Rhos, and Sigma Alpha Mus will have dancing parties honoring their pledges at the various chapter —H-H— Name bands are getting to be rather common around here! Not only did we start the year to the strains of Orrin Tucker’s band; but last night, for no special reason, we heard the great swing music of Artie Shaw’s band. —H-H— Have you seen the new corduroy hat stylb being worn around especially by SAE Neff? The fashion promises to become a popular style for campus eds, as the hat is made of natural-colored corduroy and is said to be weather-proof. It is a treat to see the eds creating a new fashion fad. —H-H— Be sure to take a turn around the campus to see the many clever and unusual decorations of the fraternities and sororities. They’re worth seeing.
Msmm
— LAST DAY-
wi.h BETTY GRABLE ELEANORE WHITNEY WILLIAM HENRY Starts Tomorrow
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
^onianceJf of tl , -^ngfitosT. Main S*«rf SuggfiuJ if GENE STRATTON.PORTER'5 *Girl iLt LiMlxrloM*
TODAY Double Feature 3 LEGIONNAIRES with Robert Armstrong Lyle Talbott — Fifi D'orsay Plus EXTORTION with Scott Colton — Mary Russell
K
— LAST DAY-
Plus —
with LYNN OVERMAN DONALD O’CONNOR — Sun.-Mon.
Tony Martin Marjorie Weaver
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidihr
We certainly don’t have to depend on rumor to know that the alums are in town. On the way in they set fire to Klondike and by last night they had tried to burn down the village, too. They must have thought Homecoming was a good chance for a housewarming. Of all places in the village the fire had to pick the water works office to burn down. We don’t know any specific dirt on the alumni yet, so for now we’ll have to concentrate on home talent ... BILL ADAMS IS OUT SCOUTING around these days for some girls on the campus that can carry a tune. BILL started out looking for four gh’ls that would make up a quartet, but has given that up as a useless job.
SO HERE IS YOUR CHANCE, girls, take your wash tubs up to the tower room Monday at 4 and show ADAMS that you can warble . a tune. THE BOYS AT THE PI K. A. house have nicknamed PETER SCHMUCK Sandy MacSCHMUCK. It seems that SANDY took JANE RAMSEY to the Pi K. A. pledge dance and all the poor girl could get put of him was a stick of gum.
NOW JANE HAS TURNED the tables and has given SANDY the air. He said that all he wanted was a return bout to redeem himself. Go to it, “Mac.” VIRGINIA LARAMORE, Chi “0” senior Debris officer was forced (?) to keep her bet that she made with Debris picnic. IT SEEMS THAT VIRGINIA made the statement that if every-
‘That worthless son of mine has no ambition—want to be a vice-president.”
thing came off as well in ’38 as they did in ’37, she would sit on FRED’S lap and give him a BIG kiss. It was NICE, eh WINTER?
A TRIBUNE SPECIAL: There was a young girl from St. Paul, Who Wore a newspaper to a ball. Her dress caught on fire, And burnt her attire Front page—Sport Section and all.
WELL, WELL, WELL, the old gang is back. Now we’ll have to sit ai’ound and listen to them' tell how much the old school has missed ’em, and let them tell us how much better
and tougher Purdue was in their day. FAMOUS LAST LINE: Homecoming Special — Water, watei’, everywhere; but not a drop was drunk.
Xi Sigma Pi...
... national forestry scholastic honorary, announces the pledging of E. N, Stiner, Logansport; W. Earl Madden, Linville; and J. M. Williamson, Morocco.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
5
SbdknwMms
1
'>'4IIONillD FeONNOR
- tuta mu
Starts TODAY
mams
Boys— Beat those Badgers! Drive ’em hack to the woods!
We Are All Rooting for You American Laundry
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West- Side < 132 Vine Street
itSaturday, October 22, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Swimming Team Trains For Coming Aquacade Captain Walt Lahey Leads Returning LeUermen As Practice Starts Early For Show November 25 and 26 Led by Captain Walt Lahey, ace sprint star, the Boilermaker varsity swimming squad is getting all set for a good season. Since the opening of the; new pool in the Fieldhouse last fall, swimming has been gaining in popularity and in quality at Purdue. This year training has been started earlier than previously, mostly due to the ^coming Aquacade, inaugurated last fall by Dolphin Club and Triton Club, swimming honoraries, and scheduled this year for November 25 and 26.
Only three of last year’s winners
f
....choic* *
were lost to the present scfsad. Kerber in the back stroke, and Spehn and VanDelester in the bre^tstroke are no longer with the team. VanDelestei served as captain of last year’s water polo team. 35 Men Report Thirty-five men have reported out
ARC
— LAST DAY-
TKTHREE MESQUtTEERS BOB UVINOSTON m uraota
to swimming practices so far. The mainstays of Coach Larry LaBree’s squad are; Lahey in dash events; Graham and Armstrong, distance; Tredwell, backstroke; Carr, breast stroke; and Wildhack in the diving. A number of very promising sophomores are due to give these upperclassmen a run for their money in the battle for first places. Krick is a very fine breast stroker and will help strengthen the squad
in this event.
Anderson, Haver, and Mott give the Boilermakers a strong setup in the back stroke. Tuxworth in the dashes and Risser at distance will also bolster the squad. Captain Armstrong of the water polo team is leading his team in practice sessions.
and
THRILLS SWEEP THE RI¥ERI
—ALSO— “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN”
WELCOME ALUMNI Visit our shoe shine parlor at Southwest Corner of Court House. Shoes Shined and Dyed Court House Rest and Shine Parlor
By Bruce Witwer Looking back into our family tree we discovered that Elijah Witwer prophesied the flood which made Noah the man of the hour . . . thus we feel that we are especially fitted to make predictions on today’s grid classics. —^fc— Ohio State is lacking in its power and razzle-dazzle brilliance of last year, but it is still far from being a ladder for Chicago to use to climb out of the Big Ten cellar . . . Ohio by four touchdowns. —^fc— Northwestern is still out to take its place in the Conference limelight and Illinois doesn’t seem to have much to say about it . . . the Wildcats to win by a touchdown, while the Illini will probably haul the pigskin across the pay line one time. —fc— Indiana has been showing up well in the statistics of games, but has had to reconcile itself to losing or at least tying . . . Kansas State hasn’t anything exceptional and will give the Hoosiers their first win of the season by two scores. —fc— Iowa has another mediocre eleven this year and will be just a workout for Colgate . . . the Hawkeyes losing by 14 points. ’ —^fc— Michigan invades the East with its best team in years . . . Yale will be hard-pressed to cope with the Wolverine attack and will lose the final decision by a touchdown. —^fc— And then Purdue meets Wisconsin . . . here’s a game where palmistry and astrology are of no avail . . . we’ll leave it up to you ... fill in your own score . . . Purdue Wisconsin .
Jeff Holds Powerful West Side Team, O’O Failing to score in the last 45 seconds of a scoreless ball game,\ West Side lost their first chance in eight years of breaking Jeff’s string of victories over the Red Devils. Sixty-five hundred fans saw the West Siders outplay the Bronchos for 48 minutes. Twice the Red Devils were in the shadow of the Jeff goal, but passes failed to click on last downs. With but a minute and a half to go West Side took the ball on their own 20 yard line. In four plays the ball rested on the Jeff 25. Three plays failed to net the necessaiy 10 yards. Bob Riley, easily the outstanding man on the field, passed to Lewis in the end zone. Goonen intercepted and ran it out to the 12. Jeff tried two passes before the game ended. Many Papers Send Reporters To Game Today’s game with the Badgers is given a place of importance in the football woild, as can be testified by the list of spoits wiiters coming to the Univeisity this afteinoon Some of those included in the Ime-up of visiting sportsmen aie Herbeit Simons, Chicago Daily Times; Bob Stianahan, Indianapolis Star; Jimmy Corcoran, Chicago American; Henry J. McCormick, of the Wisconsin State Journal; James Kearns, Chicago Daily News and New York Sun; Wilfrid Smith, Chicago Tribune; Oliver Kuechle, Milwaukee Journal. Others are Ronald McIntyre, Milwaukee Sentinel; Lloyd Larson, Milwaukee News; Hank Casserly, Cap-ital-Times, Madison; Edgar Munzel Chicago Herald-Examiner; W. F. Fox, Jr., Indianapolis News; Paul Smith, United Press; Harold Harrison, Associated Press; and Gordon Graham, Lafayette Journal-Courier.
Welcome Alimmi let your WbmufuaL UnimL help to make your visit more enjoyable and comfortable. I Walk through the Union . . . Meet old friends . . . Visit in the Union lounges . . . Early Special Luncheon Service will be provided Saturday before the game. The Cafeteria will open at 10;00 A. M. and The Chestnut Room will open at 11:00 A. M. The Sweet Shop and Grill, as usual, will be Open AU Day for Special Service to Returning Alumni. A SPECIAL 60c LUNCHEON will be served to Alumni and Visitors in the BaUroom, beginning at 11:00 A. M. Encourage your friends and Alumni to make their Headquarters in JjuL PwtdusL Wjufvw^waL lAnimc Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Nine Big 10 Teams Tackle Strong Opponents Today Illinois-Northwestern^ Purdue-Wisconsin Battles Will Decide Second Place Honors Behind Minnesota Minnesota’s powerful eleven is the only team taking time out for a rest today as the remaining Big Ten teams battle both Conference and non-Conference foes. Three games are scheduled within the Big Ten and three with outside teams.
Conference honors will rest somePurdue Cross Country Team Meets Wisconsin Distanie Squad Today
Without the services of the great Chuck Fenske, who was claimed by graduation last June, the Wisconsin cross country team, unbeaten in 25 consecutive dual meets, will endeavor to add Pm due’s long distance limners as its twenty-sixth victim this morning at 10;20. The meet will begin in the practice field just noith of the Fieldhouse and will end in the Stadium appioximately 20 minutes later, the fastest Purdue time recorded thus fai for the old comse being 18 02 by Art Bodeau in piactice last Tuesday. Coach Phillips and his five will be out to avenge the 19-36 defeat handed them by the Badgers last season and have a 50-50 chance of tinning the trick, which would be considered an upset in conference track circles as the Wisconsin crew have taken almost every dual contest in stride by large differences in the scores. Due to inability of the squad to adjust itself to the strenuous new course laid out by Coach Phillips, the meet has been changed to the old course, which the Badgers as well as the Gold and Blacks are acquainted with. With Fenske safely on the sidelines, Art Bodeau has an ample opportunity to lead the field to the finish tape.
Intramural Musings
By Jim Hebl^eler Intramuial sports activities are definitely under way. Three of the four scheduled tennis tournaments have been fiqished and the other is in the finals. The fraternity softball tournament has been cut to five teams, with Delta Chi waiting to play the winner from the other four. The waid softball tournament leached the finals last night and the fraternity cross country was run off Wednesday. In addition to this the fraternity golf tournament finals aie scheduled for today. * * * The second of the three scheduled cross country races is scheduled for this coming Wednesday when the fraternity meet is to be run off. E. J. Holderman, sophomore forestry student, showed his heels to the field in the inter-school race Wednesday and will probably run on the Phi Gam team. The third cross country race, inter-fraternity freshmen, will be held November 2. Fraternity softball has narrowed down to a fight among the SAE, AGR, Beta, and Phi Sigma Kappa teams for the right to face Delta Chi for the championship. The Belts are undefeated in the final round competition and can lose two ^mes in the championship playoff before being eliminated. The winner of the losers bracket, however, will be out with one defeat; so the Delta Chi team has the inside track on the title. + t * Most of the fraternities have turned their attention to touchball, now that softball is almost finished. Practice games have lieen going on this week, but play will be in earnest starting Monday when the first round games are scheduled. ♦ * + The Phi Belts are out for another golf championship today when they face the winner of the Sigma NuKappa Delta Rho match in the finals. Phi Delta Theta captured the title last year and have three good men in Fred Tulley, Tom Dickinson, and H. L. Murphy. It is about time somebody put an end to their golf reign, however.
what on the outcome of the IllinoisNorthwestern and Purdue-Wiscon-sin encounters, with the winning teams remaining in a good place to take over the Gopher’s top spot
should they falter. Illini vs. Northwestern
Illinois has played inconsistent football so far this season. The Illini dropped the opening game to Ohio U., but came back strong to defeat Indiana and then lose a close one to Notie Dame. Northwestern, on the othei hand, has played good ball in its three games, although the two openers weie against veak opponents. Ohio State held the Wildcats even last week, but Noithwestern was th^supeiioi team and should piove it against Illinois. The thud Big Ten tussle is between Ohio State and Chicago at Columbus. The Buckeyes are yet to hit the heights predicted for them on pie-season dope sheets and aie due for some top-notch football. Chicago is still the Conference pushover in football and can expect no mercy from the victory-hungi y
Buckeyes.
Michigan Surprises Michigan has been the surprise of the Big Ten this season with its powerful attack. The Wolverines travel to Yale today and catch the Elis on one of their not-so-powerful years. Fritz Crisler has the Michigan team on the up-gi ade and should come through ivith anbther
victory.
Bo McMillan at Indiana has trouble this season in getting his green team to push over the touchdowns after it gets within striking distance. Kansas State has a good team this year, but Indiana is ready to start some of it’s long lost scor-
ing.
Iowa finally broke through with a win last Saturday over Chicago, but the Hawkeyes face a much more powerful foe in Colgate at Iowa City today. Colgate is a hard nut to crack for any team this year and Iowa has not shown the power necessary. 2,300 Fans Shout ^We Want Barney’ Cries of “W"4 want Barney!” thundered almost incessantly from the 2,500 students, alumni, and the townspeople rallied about a bonfire on Stewart Field last night. “Thundeiing Barney” failed to appear. Rousing cheerleader of the Boilermakers back in 1906, J. B. Theiss, otherwise “Thundering Barney,” had been scheduled to assist “Stubby” Meier in leading the yells at the pep session, but for some reason the shouting and pleading of the Boilermakers failed to produce him. An estimated 1,500 students and grads fell in with the parade as it proceeded up Grant street from the Union to Northwestern and thence to Stewart Field, where several hundred Boilermakers were already , gathered about a raging bonfire. To “Stubby” Meiers fell the full task of leading the crowd through the yells, and the response showed the crowd’s unanimous agreement to “Red” Mackey’s statement that “We may have piled up higher scores in past years, but we’ve never had a harder fighting team.” Gold Peppers Will Sell Chrysanfhemums At Game Gold Pepper members will sell gold chrysanthemums for 50 cents each this afternoon at the game and this morning in. ,the village and at sorority and fraternity houses. Mary Cooley, Go^ljJPeppers president, announced that any sorority or fraternity wishing ta order a quantity of chrysanthemums could do so by calling Pauline George at the Chi Omega house. The 23 memhei-s of Gold Peppers will sit together at the game this afternoon.who took it the rest of the way for a touchdown ,that gave the Gold and Black a tie at Madison last year. Wisconsin Favored Although Wisconsin enters the game slightly favored due to the fact that it gained around 300 yards from scrimmage in the Pittsburgh game, both teams are in high spirits. From past Badger-Boilermak-er games, indications are that the contest should be filled with action and thrills. Rated as two of the fastest gridiron teams in the middle west, the Badgers and Boilermakers will supplement this speed with passes if occasion calls. Badger pow er was exemplified in their first two games this year, in which they trounced Marquette by a score of 27-0 and walloped the Hawkeyes 31-13. The Boilermakers demonstrated their strength against the Gophers and Rams, whom they met on two siiccesshe Saturdays, allowing each team but one touchdow n. Last night the Boilermakers stayed at a hotel in Mudlavia, while the Badgers spent the night in Indianapolis. Both will return this morning.
Team Of ’IS— (Continued from page 1)
fore the pep session, the Purdue Military Band surrounded the banqueteers on three sides, once again thrilled alumni with the lusty notes of “Hail, Purdue.” Eight of the team wei’e on hand last night at the banquet, coming from scattered points throughout the country. They were J. E. Berns, guard; T. T. McConnell, Ag ’14, tackle; E. L. Usner, ME ’14, tackle; C. L. Wilson, M ’14, center; H. S. O’Brien, CE ’15, halfback; K. R. Bishop, Ag ”16, center; F. A. Blocker, CE ”16, tackle; and M. J. Stinchfield Jr., CE ’16, end. Others who were not able to attend are E. Q. Oliphant, halfback, w^ho was the first four-letter man at Purdue; M. W. Phelps, halfback; J. W. Purdy, halfback; G. E. Glossop, captain and halfback; H. B. Routh, guard; J. R. Finn, quarterback; U. V. Turner, end, and R. T. Abrell, quarterback. Phelps, Glossop, and Finn are deceased. Several numbers by the Men’s Glee Club brought the program to a close in time for the grads to attend the pgp session and later the Homecoming mixer. Theta Tau . , . . . . professional engineering social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: K. R. Crouch, Decatur, 111.; G. G. Ference, Whiting; H. W. Heinrich, Chicago, 111.; P. R. Jordan, Mishawaka; W. E. McMillen, Hammond; F. R. Mentzer Mishawaka; W. E. Scherrer, Mishaw^aka; E. W. Sykes, Cicero, 111.; and R. J. Wente, Hamilton, 0. Green Potter... . . . petitions may be obtained up to 5:30 p. m. today at the desk in the Union Lobby. After this time no more will be issued according to Bob Bratten, Skull and Crescent member in charge of the elections. The petitions must be signed by 50 freshmen and turned in before 5:30 p. m. Saturday, October 29, Bratten stated.
Intramural Notices
MILITARY SOFTBALL Monday IBn. IPFA vs. 2Bn. IPFA. IBn. 2PFA VE. 2Bn. 2PFA IBn. 3PFA vs. 2Bn. 8PFA. IBn 4PRA VB. 2Bn. 4PFA
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry Street Phone 7/828 / All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Wesley Foundation: Students and alumni are cordially invited to attend a tea at the Foundation house immediately after the Kame Saturday, October 22. —McFADDEN. Cancellations: Students virho wish to cancel assinrnments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible.
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—Majestic ladios $10. Bookcase ,$2.00 Phone Art Greg 31162 after 6 o’clock BADGER SKINS—For sale cheap at the Wabash Valley Trading Post Sm Ep House. ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—Continuous hot water Share with graduate student. 708 Vine.
MISCELLANEOUS
I WANT TO BUY A TUXEDO. Call 66494. Size 36-38.
WANTED—Boys to work Satuiday afternoon, October 22. Apply Purdue Union Cafeteria.
WANTED—Drummer for dance band. Call Don Pyke. Phone 3916. ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put your musical instrument in first class condition and save time and money. 614 Main St. Phone 7917.
LOST—Black Parker aummatic pencil. Engraved “Roger Rosen. Reward. Call 31792. Sfralfon Will Speak At Pan-Hel Meeting “Social Consciousness of Pan-Hel-lenic” will be the subject of Dean Dorothy C. Stratton’s address tonight at the main banquet of the third Region Conference' of the Woman’s Pan-Hellenic Association in Louisville, Ky. The University of Louisville is host to the three-day convention of Pan-Hellenic delegates, including Rufina Sexton, Frances Raebig, and Grace Reinhat, and Jean Stolz of Purdue. The banquet theme, from which Dean Stratton’s subject was chosen, is “The Fraternity as a Socializing Force.” Colleges and universities represented will be Adrian, Albion, Hillsdale, University of Michigan, Akron, Baldwin, Ohio and Ohio State, Butler, Indiana, DePauw, Franklin, Hanover, and the University of Kenta, in addition to Purdue and the Univeisity of Louisville. Gordon Belles Wins 0 Beveridge Contest Speaking on “The Demands of Labor,” Pi Kappa Phi pledge Gordon Belles placed first in the Beveridge Speech Contest Thursday night in the Home Economics Auditorium. Second place was given to W. E. Etter, who spoke on “European War Clouds,” and third place went to Irving Smulevitz whose topic was “Labor’s Racket.” The three winners were selected from a starting group of 80, advancing through the preliminary and semi-final rounds on Tuesday and Wednesday. Belles received the Hayes Cup for himself and the Ankeney Trophy for his fraternity. This is the second victory for Pi Kappa Phi; one more will give them permanent possession of the cup.
COUPON AD 10% Reduction on Typing Esfher Ambler LAHR HOTEL Good Until Nov. 1
WELCOME! Your home-coming will be more enjoyable with good food. We have it at reasonable prices. MITZI CAFE Vine Street
Football Ushers: The following men reAIl men who ushered at the Detroit game port at the Stiadium on Saturday, October
22, at 12:16 o’clock: G. V. Beard, M. S. Brinduse, J. W. Castino, L. L. Chaffee, John Clarke, C. R. DeReamer, P. W. Edwards, H. F. Fishburn, D. T. Fisher, H. F, Goforth, R. H. Graves, V. D. Harmes, R. W. Heckel, H. Laycock, D. C. Meyer, W. E. Peffer, S. R. Peterson, M. Pugacz, W. D. Rodney, R. Schrohe, C. T. Swan, D. G. Terrio, C. Wagner, K. S. Warren, R. T. Wunderlich, R. H. Wyczawski, S. L. McMormick, S. Ruck: R. A. Voigt, J. F. Spitler, and L. H. Hutchinson.
report at the same time. Any other men who want to usher at the Wisconsin game report at the applied mechanics office in Purdue Hall before Saturday, —SANDERS.
AIChE: Meeting in room 820 of the Chemistry Building Tuesday, October 26, at 4:00 p. m. F. M. Truesdale of the Hammermill Paper Co., will speak on Sulphite Paper. —JACOBI.
PIA Social Committee: Social program planning meeting Sunday, October 23, at 2 p. m. in the PIA office. All interested freshmen, sophomores, and juniors attend. —FOWLER. Freshmen Engineers: Engineering lectures will meet at 8 a. m. Saturday, October 22, as follows: Division A, Michael Golden Shops; division B, Electrical Engnieering Building; division C, Eliza Fowler Hall; division D Civil Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
TO and FROM Yes, it’s a busy week-end for grads and undergrads. Every one will be “going places.” Incidently, “going places” is our business — avoid congestion and parking troubles by jriding street cars. Fare 5c with Free Transfers
STREET RAILWAY, INC
Welcome Alumni
We're glad to see you drop in, even if it's only for a shrrt stay. She was a Great School when you were here and is a Great School today. To be worthy of the privilege of serving the folks of such a distinguished institution we have never stopped searching for more scientific methods of service. Some of you old timers remember us when we had only one truck . . . today, we stand in the front line with the finest laundries of Indiana.
©aowH IfiirsQY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
HOMECOMING VISITORS
— ZC# I* Welcome to your alma mater! This is your chance to see your old pals and a football game as in the old days, SOUTHWORTH'S In the Village