m
- u
.s /
Purdue Exponent Riveters Reader
Z-ISK
Vol. 50
No. 123
SATURDAY
February 25.1939
Lafayette. Indiana
Frosh Will Name Mtusidan... WBAA To Dedicate Composer...
Queen As They Dance To Bardo
Music for tonight’s Green Potter dance in the Union ballroom will be furnished by Bill Bardo and his 16piece orchestra. The orchestra is composed of four brasses, four rhythms, four reeds, and four violins. Each man in the combination is at least six feet tall, has a trained singing voice and is an individual entertainer in his own right. Bardo began his musical education at the age of sixf when his father taught him to play the violin, trumpet, trombone, and piano. He continued his career at the New York Institute of Musical Art under Dr. Walter Damrosch. Next he attended Columbia University. Green Backdrop According to Union officials, the backdrop for the affair will have a green center with a cream border. “Green Potters” will be printed in the border in green while “42” will be in the center in cream. Small green pot favors will be given to all who attend. Every freshman must present his passport in order to be eligible to vote for freshman queen. Balloting will end at 10:30 and the queen will be announced at the intermission.
Today's Varieties To Ill's Carmichael
. .. Bill Bardo, whose orchestra will furnish melody for the Green Potters at their annual ball tonight.
WLW Will Award
Two Scholarships
For Radio Training
Chaperones for the affair will be Dr. and Mrs. F. D. Martin, Brof. and Mrs. C. S. Doan, and Prof, and Mrs. J. Rising. The dance is open to all students and tickets may be purchased for the regular mixer price of one dollar.
Senior agriculture students in all land grant colleges will be eligible for competition for two radio training scholarships valued at $500, to be awarded by station WLW, Cincinnati, 0. ■'^'inners will receiffe a comprehensive training in all phases of radio work through a six month course from July 1 to December 31 at WLW.
Complete rules governing the contest are posted in the Agriculture Building and in the publicity director’s office for University students interested.
Stout Essay Contest Deadline Extended
The purpose of the scholarship plan is to train men as farm radio specialists qualified to produce the farm service programs over rural stations.
Campus varieties, supervised by Hank Miller, will dedicate today’s program to the Hoosier composer, Hoagy Carmichael. In order to accommodate the large cast and a limited audience, the music room will be used for the program, beginning at 3 this afternoon. The program has been extended to one hour in length. Hoagy Carmichael, graduate of Indiana U., and living in Indianapolis, is one of the greatest of the contemporary song and music writers. Purdue’s Glee Club, under A. P. Stewart, will render several of his selections -and take part in a skit of Carmichael’s life. A new quintet composed of Dick Pittenger, vocalist, and Russ Mock, Bob Fitzgerald, Carl Rasmussen and Bob Phillips has been formed and will render several of Hoagy’s 55 selections. Bill Martin and his orchestra will do the music honors and will play 25 of his numbers. Winchell Wo^nders Walter Winchell about two weeks ago, asked for the lyrical author of Carmichael’s latest song, “I Get Along Without You Very Well.” The history of this song will be given in a skit by cast members. “Hong Kong Blues,” one of Hoagy’s earliest and wierdest works will be sung by Dick Pittenger. Jo Friend and Bob Fitzgerald are the other vocalists for the program. Bob wall render “Georgia On My Mind.” Anyone interested in seeing this program will have to be in the room well before 3 o’clock in order to obtain one of the limited number of seats.
Al Stewart Fills
Choir Vacancies
To Wednesday; Mar. 1
Registration for the William B. Stout essay contest, sponsored by the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers has been extended until Wednesday, March 1, according to word received last night from officials. Anyone interested in the contest must register his name and subject in the main office of the M. E. Building before this deadline.
Applicants for the awards will be judged on the basis of scholarship, student activities, farm news writing ability, and a short thesis on the subject “How I would plan and schedule farm features for a radio station in my state.”
Limit Stags At
PIA Tea Dance
Wallace B. Kadderly, chief of radio, United States Department of Agriculture, Carl Menzer, president of the National Association of Educational Broadcasters, and John J. Lacey, director of information, American Farm Bureau Federation, will serve as judges in the competition.
Prizes totaling $40 will be given to those submitting the four best papers on technical, economic, or manufacturing subjects related to the automotive field. All papers must be submitted in triplicate form to the ME office not later than 5 p. Tn. March 16. Six papers will be chosen to Be read before a joint meeting of the Indiana and Chicago sections of the SAE late in April or early in May. ^nal judges will be William B. Stout, past president of the SAE, D. E. Gamble, chairman of the Chicago section, and M. 0. Teetor, the chairman of the Indiana section.
Philadelphia Uaiversily Club To Eatertain Co-eds
During spring vacation Philadelphia members of the American Association of University Women would like to entertain senior women who live in Philadelphia or its suburbs. Since all college graduates are eligible for membership, the club intends to contact 1938 candidates for degrees immediately.
Song hits of the week will be featured at the PIA tea dance this afternoon in the Union ballroom. Many of Artie Shaw’s “Swing Tunes,” combined with other popular songs and a few old numbers such as “Stardust” and “Time on My Hands,” will be included in the list of recordings. A limited number of stags will assure less cutting and longer periods of dancing. Eds are required to wear coats and ties. Dancing will be from 3 to 5:30 and admission will be by membership cards, non-mem-bers 10 cents, and all co-eds free.
Reprints Of Chemical
Paper Now Available
Flames...
Wesley Foundation
Senior women who expect to be in Philadelphia during vacation may notify Anne N. West, the association’s membership chairman, at 1701 Locust Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
. . . late last night in the service station opposite the Varsity Apartments attracted the attention of W. B. Keller, freshman engineer, and a group of friends who were passing by. Dashing inside they discovered a fire which had originated in a waste basket. They were able to keep the blaze under control with a fire extinguisher until the fire department arrived.
Grads Buy Business
Plans Skating Parly Power Plant Consumption Statistics
The Wesley Foundation will take over the Maple Point Roller Skating Rink for their second roller skating party of the season this afternoon at 1:46 p. m. Transportation will he provided from the Foundation to the rink where skating will continue from 2 to 4 p. m. After the skating refreshments will be seived at the Foundation. Tickets, including transportation, I skates, and food will be 25 cents per person. All students are invited and those who bring cars will receive free
tickets.
V.L.AIbjerg...
. . . professor of economics, spoke before the weekly meeting of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club Thursday, in the Central Y. M. C. A. Albjerg’s subject concerned the early educational background of Abraham Lincoln.
By Bob Beer Recent installation of a new 2600 kilowatt generator in the heating and power plant has stepped up the total available electrical output of the plant to 6,000 kilowatts per hour, according to C. D. Bushnell, superintendent of the physical department. In all there are now two large 2600 KW generators and two smaller ones of 600 KW capacity. This leaves a wide safety margin, so that if something should go wrong with any one generator, there would still be plenty of feserve strength for any emergency. Last year 98474,420 kilowatt-hours of electricity were produced. The plant operates 24 hours a day with a full-time staff of 18 men. To supply heat and light to about 46 University buildings, coal con-
sumption at the plant varies between 30 and 120 tons, or .6 to 2.4 carloads per day, depending on the weather conditions. During the month of January the six boilers in the plant consumed 6,009,402 pound or slightly more than 3,000 tons of fuel. All coal is carefully weighed then fed into the boilers by underfeed stokers. This continuous feeding of coal results in more regular burning, a more complete combustion, and consequently greater efficiency. Boiler efficiency last year was calculated to be 77 per cent. The fact that coal is fed in underneath the fire is the reason that there is seldom much smoke coming from the stack. The smokestack is 250 feet high, 15 feet in diameter at the top. Back of the plant are the pond
For First Game
With Mickinn
Piggy Lambert Rejoins Team In Attempt To Break Losing Streak Against Wolverines
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POSITION MICHIGAN Igney F Harmon Fisher F Pink Anderson C Smick Beretta G Beebe Yeager G Thomas
.. . Hoagy Carmichael, former student at Indiana University, who will be honored on today’s Campus Varieties program.
OFFICIALS—Referee, Bill Haarlow, Chicago; umpire, Joe Reiff, Northwestern.
BROADCAST—WBAA, Purdue.
From approximately 100 applicants, 24 students have been selected to fill vacancies in the University Choir. A. P. Stewart, University musical director, has announced that the successful candidates will report for their first rehearsal in the Fowler Hall studio at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, February 28. The new members of University Choir are as follows: Altos: Janet E. Avery, Dorothy Bibles, June Billeter, Dorothy Holden, Martha Moon, Bonnie Swope, and Phyllis Umfreys. Sopranos: Laura Betty Gregory, Marion Johnston, Joan Paulus, Helen Plank, and Mary A. Smith. Tenors: Wilmer Burget, C. G. Compton, John K. Coster, George R. Culp, Emilio Ratti, Richard A. Reynolds, V. L. Stine, and Raymond Todd. Bass: R. R. Edwards, George Hamilton, Robert Molitor, and Bill Thompson.
GAME TIME—7:30 p. m. Pushed down to fifth place by two straight defeats at the hands of Wisconsin^ and Illinois, Purdue’s basketball team will be out to improve its standing when it faces Michigan tom'ght at 7:30 p. m. on the home fioor. Coach Piggy Lambert has been the missing cog in the past two defeats, but will return tonight from his 4-day confinement because of infiuenza. The Boilermaker mentor’s inspiration has long been a winning influence to the Riveter teams and may be needed before the contest is over.
Potential Threat
200 Students
Hear Elliott
At Pep Rally
Speaking before two hundred loyal and lonely fans at last night’s pep session in the Fieldhouse, President E. C. Elliott cautioned the students about the grave danger of spreading flu by mass cheering tonight, and asked all those present to cooperate in an attempt to refrain from vocal cheering at the game this evening.
Stubby Meier, head cheerleader, said, “We will do everything we can to make noise as long as it won’t spread the flu germs about.”
Elliott insinuated that the University mass cheering and especially singing are not as good as that in the Philippines, but went on to add, “I trust that under the guidance of the cheerleaders, we can develop and improve our mass singing.”
The Wolverines lost but one encounter in pre-conference games, but have failed to live up to expectations since the first of the year. Paced by high scoi'ing forward Tom Harmon, Michigan still has the potentialities of a good team, and are more than over-due to start clicking. Purdue’s main difficulty this year has been lack, of accm'acy. The team has shown some fine passing exhibitions and set up many a shot that failed when the going was close in a game. Little Bob Igney is the only Boilermaker that is “on” right now, although Fred Beretta has shown some consistent pla3H[ng that has been a factor in several of the victories. With Yeager’s aggressive play and the fine ball handling of Anderson and Fisher, Purdue has the equipment for a great team.
“A Consideration of the How in the Teaching of Organic Chemistry,” by Prof. E. F. Degering of the chemistry department, as published in the Journal of Chemical Education, August, 1938, has been issued in reprint form for distribution.
Gene Anderson, captain of the squad, as a representative of the team, emphasized the fact that, “As far as the team is concerned, the Big Ten basketball race is not yet over.” Gene was supported by team mate Tom Dickinson.
Forensic Squad Will Meet Australians In
Fowler Hall March 7
The paper was originally presented by Professor Degering before the division of chemical society in Kansas City, Mo., in April, 1936.
Union Will Publish
The University debate team will meet an Australian team Tuesday, March 7, at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, according to an announcement made by P. E. Lull, director of forensic activities.
Directory Revision
D. N. Hansell, Lafayette, and Norbert J. Arth, Collinsville, 111., 1937 pharmacy school graduates, have purchased the Huffman Drug company at 306 State street.
As a supplement to the regular directory. Student Union will publish the names and addresses of all new students and any student who has changed his place of residence since the beginning of the second semester.
“Work is coming along in fine shape and the directory should be ready for distribution some time next week,” said Mary McClellan, Union vice-president in charge, last night.
I Compiled; New Generator Installed
The directory is to be in mimeographed form and will be given free to all students.
The question being debated is, “Resolved: That the achievements of science have merely created an illoision of progress.” The Australian team of H. R. Robson and F. F. Thenemann will take the affirmative while the Purdue te%m of Joe Yamamoto and Robert Sasser will support the negative. President E. C. Elliott will preside as chairman of the debate, and the men’s glee club will provide a special musical program. The Australian team was nominated by the National Union of Australian students and are making a tour of the United States under the auspices of the National Student Federation of America.
and water sprays, part of the system for cooling generator condensers. Cold water must circulate through these condensers at all times. ,Built in 1924, the power plant was expanded in 1980, at which time provisions were made for the expected growth of the University. To supply the new buildings now under construction it will be necessary to install one, or possibly two, new boilers. No more generators will be needed. In the future the Women’s Resi'> dence Halls will also be heated by the plant. At present there are no tunnels leading to them; construction of these will cost an estimated $100,000. Ultimately the plant will heat some of the farm buildings that are now heated separately.
College Caravan To Salute Harvard U.
NYA Workers Must
Declare Citizendiip
This afternoon’s College Caravan will be broadcast from Fowler Hall at 1:30. The program will consist of a presentation of the history and traditions of Harvard University and news concerning other campuses. Music will be furnished by an unnamed campus band, this broadcast being their first chance to play over the air. The band’s name will be publicized depending on its success at this first trial. The program, written by Bill Sharpies, will be announced by Bill Adams. The public is invited to attend the broadcast at Fowler Hall.
Under a newly amended act of congress, each person on NYA most file a sworn statement of American citizenship before March 1, 1989. AH students on NYA should call at the office of the Dean rd Men at once and make this statmemt. Mr. Sharp has a supply of the Man|ha. The assignm^ts of all who fail to make these statements will bo vmd after March 1.
Pi Beta Phi...
. . . wiU entertain members of the faculty at a tea tomorrow from 8 to 6:30 p. m. at the chapter hougOjk 171 Littleton Street.. \
SdMoL
THE FDBDDE EXPONENT
J-siaiuJutiu
Saturday, February 25,1939
Friendly Rdations...
, . . between students and their teachers present the next “attitude” problem we wish to discuss in our Good Teaching Campaign. The trouble with these friendly relations seems to be that they are entirely to few and far between. We believe this is not because either students or faculty men have recluse instincts. The situation exsits merely because there is very little opportunity at present for friendship or even acquaintanceship to grow. Crowded schedules of both staff members and students effectively squelch any attempts at friendly advances during school hours. It is virtually impossible to strike up an acquaintance with most instructors between classes or after school since teaching duties keep them busy. No particular person or thing can be blamed for this situation—it has come about merely because no one has initiated a movement to counteract it. The Student Union has sponsored student^ faculty smokers for different schools. These smokers have met with fair success, but have not attracted majority percentages of school enrollments. Nevertheless, this smoker method seems to be the best yet suggested for getting students and faculty together on common ground in a friendly meeting. Many things can be gained from evening get togethers of teachers and students. In addition to the encouragement of amicable relationship the meetings can be valuable to all concerned in that they give the opportunity to swap ideas. Students can learn from the staff members about conditions in industry, opening in particular fields, new inventions and developments. Instructors get a chance to find out how effective their teaching methods are—they may talk over ideas with students freely. There is a definite need for more affairs like the Union smokers. We suggest that the school professional societies and honoraries promote these affairs. Some of these groups are already doing this or planning to do it. Smokers, picnics, speeches, and forums should be regular affairs, however, and should occur far more often than they do now. These affairs should not be limited to the seniors and juniors who belong to the professional societies and honoraries. Instead they should be designed to attract underclassmen and to acquaint the underclassmen with the teachers and the upperclassmen in their own school. It is not necessary, or even advisable, to have speakers at all these meetings. The spirit of the bull session is more' appropriate for building friendship. \ Seniors under the present routine know most of the professors in their school at least slightly by the time they graduate. We believe some acquaintances should be made in the freshman and sophomore years, however. By learning to know their teachers upperclassmen can more easily find the opportunities available in their chosen field. The solution of this problem lies largely in the hands of the societies and honoraries. They are not wholly neglecting it even now, but their plans, in many cases, should be put on a larger scale and given more publicity. The professional societies themselves would benefit by such a program since more students
the Purdue Exponent Entered As second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conerress of March 8, 1879, and at the special irate of postage, provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 4917, authorized January do, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, maii subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief. H, I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor- - L. S. Hardin City Editor - D« A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M, Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H, W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J, Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor — — Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor — — R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind, Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6033 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVEHTISINO BY National Advertising Sen^ice, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago Boston ’ Los Anseles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily Coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Beer Saturday, February 25, 1939 would join as the organization became more active.
Don't Yell...
. . . tonight at the basketball game! That request may seem strange coming from a source that usually attempts to build up school spirit and encourage cheering. This time, however, we go back on our usual principles and say don’t yell for very good reasons. Flu has not yet been licked. New cases are flooding the hospitals every day—and after every large group gathering a new outbreak of the disease occurs. Dr. Miller, of the Student Health Service, has requested that cheer ing and yelling be kept to a minimum during the week-end’s ball games because flu is contagious and.the germs pass from person to person through the nose and mouth. President Elliott, at last night’s pep session, advocated forms of noise-making which do not require the vocal cords. Clapping of hands will be very much in order, while stamping of the feet will not be too severely frowned upon. Organized yelling, cheering, or booing will result in dangerous spreading of the flu germs and should be avoided.
TODAY ONLY HAHfl DOORS OFEN^ 11:30 A. M. Special Treat-ON STAGE
THE DAINTY DAREING OF THE SCREEN! Dixie DUNBAR Song and Dance Star of 20th Century-Fox Movies Assisted by JIMMY BYRNES. Sersational Tapster
— Also —
THE FAVORITE BAND LEADER OF THE MOVIELAND STARS ... I BILL HO0AN AND HIS ORIGINAL HOLLYWOOD CALIFORNIANS Radio and Recording Artists Playing Sweet Tunes, and Swinging Rhythm in Their Inimitable Style! HEADLINE ACTS OF ^AUmiLLf,
%
Allen & Growl
M
5*'®
"i’ome^y DrolIoRists Sherry Wynn ‘Blue Streak of Song’* The Elite Trio Comedy Dancers
OTHERS
STAGE 1:20-3-30-5:40-7:55-10:00
Jof, ^^0;
Jo,
itiv
Bold and Black
News: Are you interested ? The road to Happy Hollow is getting more impossible to pass . . . due to cars in road . . . and stuff ... a petition should be put out to have said road paved . . . and Speaking of paving roads .. . since the University owns airport road, why not use part of University student fees for paving expenses . , . good as for anything else ... said information comes from air-minded Web Moore. You sure keep up on important news, don’t you, Web? —B-B— The pledges always win out . . . Bob Skallerup, S. P. E. underdog . . . even if he does have a 6.3 average must ask the president of the house before answering any baffling questions ... when the flag fell down from the staff in front of the house several days ago . . . and annoyed professor called the house and said, “Do you believe in the U. S. of America ?” Bob ... on phone call... said “Just a minute . . . I’ll ask the president.” Was that original, chum ? ? —B-B— Bashful ? ? Brad Ballard is still remembering his former dates with H202 Alice Byrne ... former Chicago Cabaret Queen and now frosh co-ed . . . Brad can’t figure out whether he’s just bashful or slipping ... no future in dreaming. Brad . . . get on the ball . . . bashfulness never got a date for anyone . . .
LUtIA — LAST DAY— GLENDA FARRELL — in — "TORCHY BLANE IN CHINATOWN" — and — BOB BAKER —. in — "GUILTY TRAILS" SUNDAY-MONDAY FRED MACMURRAY
'MEN WITH WINGS' IN TECHNICOLOR
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicMy
t 11
‘I think we’ll do better on this cruise—^it’s the same one where Agnes got her husband!”
Oh Yeah! This new song, “Hold Tight,” reminds us in a vague way of dates with co-eds . . . the connection between the two that makes it so clear is the “sea food” FISH! * —by R. C.
urns STARTS TOMORROW
ARC
— LAST DAY-
11
*— and —- AJJGHT TO THE DEATH ^ TO CARRY THE MAH I
CLAUDE RAINS • ANN SHERIDAN MAY RDBSON • GLORIA DICKSON
1 RED-BLOOD AND GUNPOWDER HEROES ^ roaring from Kipling's siqried India...siorming; I She screen with the lusty life-thunder of men who \ I fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it!:
tr-jf
*, , 'vW t''. A felOKE RUNGER A
SUNDAY-MONDAY GIRLS' SCHOOL YOU'RE A SWEETHEART BETTY BOOP — LAST DAY— The most’ authentic . . . the most touching ... the most thrilling story ever told about ' ' UNCLE SAM'S WEST POINTl
oaTSEAHT.yORMWlB. IflUBUS ‘' I with Sam CiannelH, loan Fontaine jss:»-. -•« »*“•
STARTS TONITE 11:00 P. M. TICKETS GO ON SALE 10:15 P.M.
llAiri
ADMISSION — Nights and Sundays 35e Week Day Matinees ».25e Chlldtkn loc
Tickets purchased for final showing of "Radio City Revels" and "Thank You Mr. Moto" will NOT entitle patron to remain for the Midnite I’revue.
TOM BROWN LOUIS HAYWARD JOAN FONTAINE — IN— ' "THE DUKEOF WESTPQI^IT" STARTS tbMdkROW ~ ''I v" DOROTHY LAMOUR Lloyd nolan "ST. loulTblues"r,'•■,.■
Satu^ditt' FeBntciry 3S, 1990
THE PURDUE
^pahiA:
EXt^ONENT
ggpr
Frosh Candidates Semt Begin Spring Grid Drill In Fieldhouse
Faced with a staggering schedule of eight major games liext fall coach Mai Elward has launched a special intensive training season fdr freshman candidates for .next year's Boilermaker eleven. Taking full advantage of the indoor training facilities provided by,i,the new Fieldhouse, Elward has inaugurated the freshman training sessions in an effort to locate replacements for losses from last year’s squad, and to develop Capable reserves. In view of the strenuous schedule and the fact that the Boilermakers will have less than three weeks after practice opens next fall in whichp to prepare for the season’s opener with Notre Dame, Elward has been warning all of the gridiron aspirants that it will be necessary to practically pick the team this year in spring practice. “We have eight major opponents without a breather,” points out Elward, “and it will be necessary for the candidates to prove themselves this spring, for there-will be no time for experimentation next fall.” Although the Boilermakers will have an unusual number of returning veterans next fall, Elward informed the enthusiastic group of 76 yearlings reporting for the initial drill that there is plenty of opportunity for new jnen on the 1939 eleven. “Seniors will not be fixtures on the team merely because they are seniors,” emphasized Elward. “Seniors will be fixtures only if they prove that they are the best men for the job.”
w fc-
Michigan’s high scorer with 76 points is Tom Hlarmon, forward and former Hoosier high school star, who has been pacing the Wolverines throughout the second semester’s play.
Thefa Chi...
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Tom Freely, Lockport, N. Y.; Joe Benna Terre Haute; Bob Breeden, Muncie; and Charles Fisk, St. Marys, O.'
Extensive Progrp Pianned For 16th Athietk Carnivai in Fieidhouse March 23 This year will mark the return of Purdue’s annual athletic carnival, held annually since 1922, with the exception of the break last year. “Chief” Clevett, intramural director has planned ah extensive program for the event, to be held in the Fieldhouse Thursday, March, 23 from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. The carnival will be run on a point system for the fraternities, a trophy to go to the house amassing the largest total points. Only the relay event will count, however, toward the yearly participation trophy, with the money for thehi coming from paid admissions. All participants must have tickets'*for the carnival, as well as spectators. Events Events to be included are: Relays—Ward and fraternity, half-mile. Varsity track events—440, one mile run. Boxing—All-campus and fraternity bouts. Wrestling—All-campus and fraternity matches. Tug of War—Fraternity. Football pass for accuracy—Allcampus . Basketball free throw—All-cam-pus. Golf putting—All-campus. Walking Race—Ward and fraternity. Pentathelon—All campus. Novelty events—Silver derby, Kentucky derby, clown stunts, perfect man contest.
IT SCORES EVERY TIME!
Our fine, rich quality of pasteurized ^ilk builds and keeps you healthy. Make It a regular part of your daily diet, and you'll not only have a strong body, but also happy days of good health for years to corrie.
SUNSHINE FARMS
807 North 4th
Phone 5015
Captain
LEARN TO DANCE A Ptlyate Lesson Will Be Given Free of Charge WED., MARCH 1st 7:00 P.M. To Those Wishing Vo Enroll in Our NEW BEGINNERS CLASS Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
Of Course Well ■ ' ^ ( V. ' ' Beat Indiana
We may not be able to top the Big Ten but we are out to break Indiana's winning streak. The Boilermakers are alwAys "on the ball" when it comes to Indiana.
Peter Anderson Company
fA
525 ALABAMA
24-HOUR SERVICE
PHONE 4048
Mat Team Defeab Illinois State Normal Squad 24-10 Driving” an overpowered Illinois State Normal grappling squad before them, Purdue’s wrestling contingent ran rough shod over the visitors and rang up a 24-10 victory. Berkheiser, Toth and Rossi led the Boilermakers by throwing their seasoned ' opiwnents in short order.
Leo Beebe veteran guard and captain of this year’s Wolverine team, has been the steadying influence for the squad, while scoring 30 points in the eight games thus far. Purvis Gets Michigan City Fooiail Position Duane Purvis, assistant backfield coach, will take over the post of head football coach at Michigan City high school, replacing Andy Gill according to an announcement made by Principal M. L. Knapp. Purvis returned to Purdue this year after several years of wander4ng after his graduation in 1936. A member of the famous “touchdown twins” of Purvis and Jim Carter, Duane was one of the alltime Purdue greats. He is a brother of Jim Purvis, a Boilermaker star of several years before Duane.
Intramural Musings By Jim Hebbeler More things you didn’t know about the intramural dicpartment: The predecessor of the present extensive managerial setup in the department was a single manager, ^ Harry Dugan, a member of Sigma Pi, in 1923. That was changed the following year with the addition of the ward system and has grown into the present arrangement of one senior and two junior ward managers, two junior (one each semester) and four sophomore (two each semester) managers for all-campus and fraternity events, and one senior publicity manager. It takes quite a progressive organization to build up to the^present efficient system, and it is still growing. The all-campus squasn tournament drew an entry of 37 men, and is now in the second round. The tourney, open to varsity And faculty as well as students, drew a large number of beginners. Illinois Bowlers Will Meet Picked Faculty, Student Team Today Twenty Illinois bowlers will journey here today to meet a picked team of Purdue bowlers at 2 o’clock this afternoon at the Union and at the Fourth Street alleys in Lafayette. In the evening the visitors will be entertained at a Student Union sponsored banquet after which they will attend the PurdueMichigan basketball game. The Fourth Street alleys will be the scene of the games between members of the Illinois Faculty League and the five high rollers of the Purdue University Club Bowlers, Ralph Stuckey, J. P. Seaton, Glen E. Lehker, N. E. Weitkamp, and F. L. Walkey. The student games will be bowled on the Union alleys. Men students who will roll for Purdue are Paul Eckstein, Ernest Heck, Robert Zieg, Jack Kendrick, Obert Moan, and Albert Reguly. The women’s team is composed of Edith Herman, Lois Mills, Martha Reed, Eleanor Smith, and Georgia Wa,lker.
Opening the meet with a fall over his Red and White opponent, Harold Berkheiser, Purdue's 121 pound representative, vanquished Switzer in a little less than eight minutes. Berkheiser forced the match all the way. Following Berkheiser’s example, Allmon, 128 pound Riveter, won his match from Hutson by a score of 11-2. Allmon was on top after the first three minutes and never relinquished his position. As Coach Reeck’s 136 pounders were all ill, the Boilermakers were for(%d to forfeit the match. nHni Wins Winning the only other Hlini victory for the day, Jungels defeated Tyrrel in a hard-fought contest. Tyrrel was on top at the beginning but was thrown for a fall in 6:46. Ed Lederer regained Gold and Black prestige by vanquishing Elledge at 166 pounds with a final score of 8-5. Post, Boilermaker 165 pounder, overwhelmed Wright of Illinois and piled up a total of 14 points to his foe’s 3. Joe Toth, sophomore grappler, threw Asher, Illinois 175 pounder, in a fast match. Despite all of Asher’s grimaces, Toth made his home debut a satisfactory one with his surprising victory in 6:66. AJ Rossi, heavjrweight, threw visiting wrestler Holaday in 8:40. Rossi had ebniplete control over his opponent dur- . ing the entire contest. Fencing Team Will Face Notre Dame's Ramblers At ieldhouse Today Correcting previous' brroneouss reports. Captain Stepath announced; that the Purdue fencing team willi meet Norte Dame in the Fieldhouse! today instead of at South Bend.: This will be the last chance for stu-i dents to see the squad in action, r Coach Finney’s proteges will be* out to avenge a previousr-defeat by' Notre Dame’s Ramblers. With this; defeat in mind the squad members! have been battling for starting pos-,. itions. The epee division may be" weakened by loss of Levin whos^' eligibility is doubtful.' . This will be the last chance for the four seniors to bear ;the Pur-!-due colors on home courts although; there are two meets following that will be away front home. The four; seniors include Hoffman, Meierson,! Bob Meier, and Stepathi ■- •> ;
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Can’t YoutV ! Dine . . . .
WINDOW INSTALLED BY EXPERTS CaU or See HUBTECK’S.
WALLPAPER 826 Main Sti^t
PAINT
Phone 3841
■ini
DRESS CORRECIXY -from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tux^o Suits. Also correct accessories—all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST. ^ CLOtHES SHOP INC.hn"
dCocat Odiu
THE PDBDDE EXPONENT
^nticoA.
Saturday, February 25,1939
Personnel Notes
Company: Proctor and Gamble Distributing Company, sales department, Cincinnati, O. Representative: A. L. lams. Visiting Purdue: Wednesday, March 1. Intorviewing: Science seniors majoring in economics and business. Science and engineering students interested in sales engineering. Literature: Available in the Personnel Office and in the office of the Dean or Head of the school.
WAA News
Riflery practice ended Tuesday night. Since then, girls have been chosen to make up intramural and sorority teams as follows: Ward II and IV—Marjorie Rogers, Betty Morehouse, Mona Balcom, Margaret Young, Janette Morris, and Dorothy Bates. Ward III—Ruth Maddock, June Young, Naima Smith, Vera Chapman, Eugenia Hollis, Martha Schroder, Helen Waitkus, Jo Cook, and Ruth Lyoils. WRH North and South—Eleanor Harrison, Patsy McFarland, Marie Butz, Ruth Schlitter. Ward I—Mai’y Barnard, Elizabeth McKee, Marietta Johnson, Betty Wilkinson, Doris Peterson, Joan Modisett, Jane Stickler, Florrie Caldwell. Pedalion—Margaret Ide, Ivlary Jean Sefton, Ins Baumgartner, Phyllis Mae Umfreys, Joyce Davison, Margaret Johnson, Phyllis Shake, Jean Shake. Alpha Chi Omega—^Ruth Bryant, Gertrude Noble, Naomi Abel, Kathryn Murphy, Mary Riley, Yyonne Holden, Joyce Burnham, and Bette Smith.
Alpha Xi Delta—Sue Enders, Carolyn Lemon, and Marie Wetzel. Wards II and IV defeated Ward I last night in basketball by the narrow margin of 28-27. The intramural tournament will continue all* through next week.
WBAA
"THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time— Charles Powell 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:16—Greek Letter Parade. 2:45—Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties—dedicated to Indiana University.
tomorrow L^kuy^cked
Classitied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershotf, G05 Mam street.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done Phone 2637
FOR SALE FOR SALE—7 tube desk radio, cheap. Call Keller 3063
FOR SALE—Popular recording collection made this year. 36 records All 17 Shaws Cost $17 Will sell for $12 cash Call 41964 after 4pm and ask for Schory.
LOST AND POUNB LOST—Black and white Parker fountain pen Name, Betty Hiner, engraved on side Call 5031 Reward
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNiR
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/^ Vine West Lafeyette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—O.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DJ. Schultz Suildlnp 4h and Main Fhona 9T01
R. C. EISiNBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Shoe Repair
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is «il we do, but we d» it wreH. Opposite Post Offioo Wflilsco Block 322 Fbny St.
BOSSUNO Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Locksmith
• Florists f
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININO Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flewen Main at 7th Phone 6050
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phonoa 7955—8050
KEYS AND LOCKS Kays for trunks, door locks, dask locks, night latchas and padlocks. Auto kays a spaclalty. Bicyclat, oc'astorlas and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana 2t2S
- - • Electric Shop See Your West Side Contractor For Your Electric Needs. PHONE 5952 BRELSFORD ELECTRIC 213 STATE
WEST LAFAYETTE METHODIST 9:30—Men’s Sunday School Class. Dean Verne Freeman will discuss “Building Christian Character " Castles.”
WESLEY FOUNDATION 9:30—Co-ed class will study “Jeremiah.” Dean Freeman will teuch the Men’s Class, “Building Christian Character Castles.” 10:40—Sermon by Dr. Steele. “The Springs of Spiritual Power.” 5:00—Fellowship supper. 6:30—University Epworth League. Rev. McFadden will speak at the concluding service on the Religious Emphasis Week.
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL First Sunday in Lent. 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:46—Morning Prayer and Sermon. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship. ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB 9:30—Class; C. E. Dammon, teacher. 10:35—Morning church worship. Installation of newly elected club cabinet officers by the pastor. Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. Sermon, “It’s Me, Standing in the Need of Prayer.” 5:30—Club Social hour, conducted by Ross Lindsay. Ten cent lunch. 6:30—Club discussion hour. Prof. L. Hadley of Purdue will speak, “Unfinished Perfection.” 7:30—Evening church service. Sermon, “The Prayer James Taught Me to Pray.” PRESBYTERIAN AND CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS Morning program at Central Pres-
byterian Church, 7th and Columbia Streets, Lafayette. 9:30—Discussion Group led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:40—Mornihg Worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham, theme “The Economics of the Kingdom of God.” The choir, directed by Mr. A. P. Stewart, will sing “Hear My Prayer,” by Scholin. Evening program at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz Street. 6:00—Student Forum. The speaker will be Dr. G. A. Young.
Scriveners; Meeting Sunday, February 26, at 7 i46 p. m. at No, 6 Murdock Apartments, between Deac’s and Egerton’s Hardware, on State Street Bring manuscripts —JUSTIN.
Civil Engineering Building; S-Z, lecture room I^ichael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Exponent Sophomores: All sophomores who want to work on the sophomore edition, Sunday’s paper, report to the office at 2 p. m. Positions will be selected at that time. This includes the co-ed staff and freshmen co-eds. —BAILEY.
All Union Workers: Please come to office to work on directory Friday, February 24, at 4 p. m., and Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. —BRUBECK, McClelland.
Union Workers: Please meet in the Union office at 1 p m. Saturday, February 26, to work on the directory. —McClellan, brubeck.
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation every Friday night in the Women’s Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-8) —FRASER. All Foreign Students: Assemble in front of the Executive Building Saturday, February 26, at 2 p m. for group picture. —BALDWIN.
Newman Club: Important meeting of all officers and Convention Committee Chairmen Sunday, February 26, at 8 p m in room F of the Union. —KASSER
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. —MESSERSMITH.
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to Maich 1st. —F W. GREVE.
T. and I. E. Students: Picture of entire school will be taken next Wednesday evening, March 1, in the faculty lounge at 7 p. m Everyone be there —STARR
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in room F at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 28 Discussion of by laws. —ZIMMER.
Glider Club: Debris pictures taken at airport Saturday at 2 p. m Every one be there promptly —BUELL.
Ping Pong and Shuffleboard: First matches must be played off today. Courts and tables will be available Friday and Saturday, FebruarjT 24 and 26. —SCHILLING.
All-Campus Show Petitions: ihe following positions will still be considered up to Saturday, February 26, at 10:00 a. m.: Dance director, rehearsal assistant for cast, voices, orchestra, librarian, business manager, tickets and sales manager, house mant^er, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press assistant, staff manager, assiStont manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, and makeup aitist. Turn petitions in at east Union desk. —ELLIOTT.
ASME: Members who expect to enter the University bianch contest should call me at 46841 (2-28) —CLUTTER
Freshman Engineers: Those enrolled in GE 2 (Engineering Lectures) report as follows on Saturday, February 26, at 8 a. m.. A-E, room 264, EE Building; F-K, room 129, EE Building, L-R, lecture room of
Chemistry 1 and 2 Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101 of the Education Building Saturday, March 11, from 1-4 p. m. Students who plan to take the exam should register in room 127 of the Chemistry Annex before March 6. (3-6) —TEST, MARTIN, ALLEN.
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts for a month or so . . . then look back and reflect a bit . . . we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing!
©mm
Pine c l e a"n ers of fine cloth *es OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
CHECK YOUR LIFE HERE You Will Find Nothing But FRACTIONS-
• 1/6 of your life spent learning to read. • 1/12 learning what you are reading. • 1/15 going to college and working for a degree. • 2/12 trying to get a foothold. • 1/3 slaving trying to save money. • 5/60 lying about your college doj^. • 2/15 looking thru the Debris to check on the other fellow's lies.