m
bL« )
Purdue
Volume 51. No. 6
Exponent
Saturday, September 16. 1939
Opening PIA Dance To Be Heard On WBAA Headlining the season’s first PIA tea dance this afternoon will be the opening broadcast of the year of WBAA’s regular Saturday afternoon program of Campus Varieties, originating from the stage of the Union ballroom. Dancing will start at 2:30 p. m.
and continue until 6:30. The Varieties broadcast will go on the air from 3 to 4 p. m. Admission is free to all. Irvan Maury’s orchestra will furnish the afternoon’s music. Hank Miller of the WBAA staif, director and announcer of the Varieties program, which is starting its third consecutive year, has announced that it will feature many new personalities and combinations appearing on the campus for the first time. New artists include a quartet, “Charlie and His Girl Friends,” composed of Charlie Powell, Alberta Schmadel, Arsene Summers, and RuthiMcDonniels; Eddie Beardsley, who will sing “My Last Goodbye” in a style similar to that of Eddie Howard, composer of the song; and a male trio composed of Maury Mahns, Clinton Brown, and Ed Eddie Beardsly. Heine, Mock Again Pat Heine, vocalist on “Campus Varieties” last semester, will return to the program accompanied by Russ Mock at the piano. Rounding out the program will be Darlene Mahns, vocalist with the band; Bob Smith, who sings and plays the guitar, and others. The tea dance will be a stag affair with cutting only between dances. Stags will be kept at the edge of the floor so that there will be sufficient room for dancing. Jerry Hinshaw, president of PIA, announced last night that a social committee of both eds and co-eds will be at the ballroom door to introduce new students to one another and to promote a general mixer attitude. Louie Lowe's Band Ends Engagement At Tonight's Mixer Having completed the first half of their two-night engagement, Louie Lowe and his band will again play for mixer dances tonight in the ballroom. Preceding the regular 9 to 12 program, Louie will lead his band at the sedond swing session of the season, starting at 7:16 and lasting for one hour. The Lowe orchestra comes to Purdue between a summer engagement at Westlake Beach Terrace, in Indianapolis, and a fall and winter season at the Indianapolis Athletic Club, where it was a big hit last year. The band features a celeste, one of the few in the Middle West, played by Russell Stubbs, who also does the arranging. The band is strong on vocal talent, and the variety of vocal presentations—^which include novelty sketches, semi-classical and otherwise—make up a veritable floor show program. Dick Fansler, 200pound “prima donna” and bass fiddle player, does most of the novelty sketches. Director Lowe does the sweet numbers, his favorite being “Phi Delt Bungalow,” his own fraternity song. Louie graduated from the University in 1928 and was admitted to the Indiana Bar Association in 1934. While on the campus, he sang for four years in the Harlequin Club shows and was president of the sophomore class and Pan-Hellenic Council. On the side he directed the Lowe-Jarvis band.
Exponent' Staff Exponent Editoral staff: Those scheduled to work tonight are; night editor, Willsey; issue editor, Traugott; workers, Jenkins, Skallerup, and Heaton; stooge, Heiple.
Sorority Rushees To Meet Tuesday In Coulter Hall All co-eds interested in rush are asked to attend a special meeting planned by the PanHellenic Council on Tuesday, September 19, at 4 o’clock in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall. At this time rush rules will be explained, and representatives from each sorority on the campus will give a brief talk on the history, activities, and honors of her group. Sorority financial obligations will be discussed at the meeting, and questions concerning rush will be answered by Prances Raebig, PanHellenic president. Groups represented here are Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Mu, and Pi Beta Phi. Formal rushing will begin Saturday, September 30, at 1:30 p. m. with a meeting of all rushees and rush captains in the Union Building. Following the meeting, each sorority will hold open house, to which rushees are invited. Informal dinners will be held Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights. A formal dinner on Thursday night will end the restricted rush period, sorority pledging to be held on Friday, October 6. Horn To Read Connelley Play At Wesley Meeting Wesley Players, national Methodist dramatic organization, will hold an open meeting Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation offices at 435 State street. R. M. Horn, of the University speech department, will read the play, “Green Pastures,” by Marc Connolley for the evening’s program. Throughout the country there are 19 chapters of the Wesley Players established on college campuses. Persons who wish to join the organization must first become associate members and after establishing an interest are invited to become pledges. Eligibility for initiation will follow the earning of activity points, either by work on the production staff or by taking part in one of the group’s plays. Churches Prepare Religious Retreat A review of summer planning for the “Religious Emphasis Week,” which will be held on the campus, Nov. 11-17 inclusive, was presented Thursday evening before members of the “Committee of One Hundred,” sponsors of the religious activity in co-operation with the Federal Council of Churches. Student co-chairman of the committee, W. J. Harris, presided over the meeting. Everett Hobbs was appointed chairman of the retreat committee. Retreat will take place Saturday afternoon and evening, September 23, at Camp Tecumseh, where further plans for the religious emphasis week will be discdssed. Also, Prof. G. H. Graves, secretary of the committee, announced 12 major committees and persons serving as chairmen of these committees.
w N w w' Prof. Emrick Announces Exchange Payments Band Officers For 1939-40
Heidbreder, Minkler, Agnew Are Present Senior Officers
Approximately half of the receipts collected by the book exchange were refunded yesterday, the first day of payment. At closing time $1,932 had been paid out
for books sold.
More books and more money have been handled this year than by any other previous exchange. Three days still remain in which books can be purchased, but all books must be brought in before 5 tonight. All types of texts are needed. The exchange is now located in room F of the Union and will remain there until business is closed Tuesday at 5. At closing time last night $3,950 worth of books had
been sold.
A list of all books sold is now posted in the exchange office, and payments will be made every day until closing. Students are urged to collect their money as soon as possible to avoid the last minute rush. Dean Fisher Warns Dean of Men M. L. Fisher Issued a warning yesterday for all fraternities to be especially careful during the next few weeks regarding possible robbery. Robberies of fraternities at another Indiana college shortly after the start of school this term prompted Fisher to warn the Purdue fraternities.
Activities Bureau Asks Interviewers To Report Monday All sophomores and juniors who are interested in participating in the Activities Bureau by interviewing freshman students are asked to report Monday, September 18, at 4 o’clock in room B of the Union. Those sophomores and juniors who indicated their desire last spring to conduct these interviews are particularly urged to attend. Sophomores who do interviewing will be eligible for one of the six junior offices to be elected in the spring. Juniors will receive keys but will not be eligible for senior
l)ositions.
These interviews will be conducted foj; freshmen eds and co-eds to help them plan their extra-curricu-lar activities while in the University. This is the second year the Activities Bureau has sponsored these interviews.
with preliminary training in'flying will be given preference in selection of the Purdue quota for training, but the course will be open to any student who passes the necessary examinations and obtains parental consent. Information concerning the course may be obtained from Meikle; Capt. L. I. Aretz, director of the University airport; Prof. K. D. Wood, head of aeronautical engineering; or at the personnel office at the time of enrollment. Last year when the CAA collegiate training was inaugurated in universities throughout the country, Purdue trained 60 out of a national quota of 330 who won their wings. The number to be trained at the University this year has not yet been announced, but according to an announcement made in Washington recently 11,000 pilots will be trained during the coming academic year at colleges and universities over the country. Actual instruction at the airport is done by Captain Aretz and his staff. Captain Aretz and G. Stanley Meikle, of the Purdue Research Foundation, in charge of relations with industry, under whose branch the airport comes, conferred with CAA officials in Washington during the summer in regard to the training program. It is expected that the flight training will be handled this semester essentially the same as last with regularly enrolled students obtaining the instruction in connection with other studies. 1,200 Faculty Members . . . and wives will be guests of President and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott at a tea to be held this afternoon at their Seventh street home between 4 and 6 o’clock and this evening from 7 until 9 o’clock.
'Hyndred Years Of Painting' On Dispiay in Puttering Room “One Hundred Years of Painting” will be the subject of pictures to be displayed in the Music Room of the Union beginning tomorrow. This exhibit is to open the puttering room activities and will show the development of painting during the last 100 years. Bob Parks, head of the puttering room, stated that in the past students have been inclined to feel that art is not understandable by the average student, and to eliminate this feeling explanations are to be pl^ed under ea^l^ainting to interthe medning^5N;he picture and ^e](iable the observer wsee the arti’s intent. lese reproductions, the property of the University, are beirjg loaned by th0 Applied Design Departments and by the Women’s Residence Halls. All students, faculty members, and friends are urged to visit the exhibit. Need A Date? Calling all co-eds! Glamor girls, those of the home-loving variety, ancj plenty of collegianas are needed at the Date Bureau. So far 60 dates have been made through the bureau for this week-end against the 180 couples brought together last Saturday. Date Bureau tables will be maintained today in the Union lobby and in both the men’s and the women’s residence halls.
Announcement of military band officers for the 1939-40 season was made last night by Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the military bands. Appointments were based on musical ability, length of service, and executive ability. Appointments, promotions, and assignments of commissioned and non-commissioned officers are as follows: " — Commissioned officers: Bvt. Capt.
and Band Adj., C. A. Heidbreder, Sr. ME; 1st Lieut, and Senior Military Officer, H. L. Minkler, Sr. ME; 1st Lieut, and Band Librarian, J. T. Agnew, Sr. ChE; 1st Lieut, and Drum Major, M. H. Smith Jr. Sci.; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Assistant Military Officer, J. L. Hackleman, Sr. Ag; and 2nd Lieut, and Detail Offi-
cer, R. W. Bonner, Sr. ME. Also: 2nd Lieut, and Concert Mei-
ster, J. N. Tait, Sr. ME; 2nd Lieut, and Publicity Officer, V. T. Hitchcock, Sr. Ag; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Supply Officer, R. A. Krull, Jr. CE; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Assistant Director, H. A. Todd, Jr. ME; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Personnel Officer, J. E.
Crim, Jr. PSE.
Eighty-four Candidates File Flying Applications Eighty-four candidates for flying training during the current semester at the University airport had filed application by yesterday noon, according to an announcement by Director G. Stanley Meikle. Deadline for receiving applications has been set at 4 p. m. Monday, September 18. Applications should be made in the office of the Personnel Division in the Executive Building. Most of the cost of the flight training is borne by the Civil Aeronautics Authority, the student being required to contribute only 40 dollars toward the cost of the course which is designed to train each man well enough to obtain a private pilot’s license. Aeronautical students or those .
Playshop To Begin Try Outs For First Two Productions Tuesday marks the actual beginning of Playshop’s 16th season. At 4 o’clock in the afternoon tryouts will begin in Fowler Hall to select the casts for “Brother Rat” and “Winterset”. Additional tryouts are scheduled for 4 p. m. Wednesday. A Broadway hit of two seasons ago and more recently a screen feature, “Brother Rat” deals with life at V. M. I., treating it in a manner both entertaining and arresting. The type of college life portrayed is typical of a military school, featuring the accompanying troubles and strict discipline. / “Winterset” is a virile story of love and gangsterdom in New York. Strong characters predominate and tell a story capable of stirring the
innermost feelings.
These plays are particularly well suited, for the casts are large and contain a great variety of character types. Twenty-five men and nine women will be needed to fill the roles. In addition to those in the cast, a great number of students will be needed in the production department. All who wish to try out for parts, or who wish to work behind stage, are urged to come out. Copies of both “Brother Rat” and “Winterset” will be 'placed in the browsing room and the library. U. S. Ag Bureau Seleds
Non-Commissioned Officers Non-commissioned officers: Technical Sgt., R. A. Hogue, Jr. ME; 1st Sgt. in charge of all details, P. E. Hassler, Jr. Ag; Sgt. in charge of equipment details, H. P. Wentling, So. ME; Sgt. in charge of Percussion and Big Drum, C. R. Watson, So. EE; Sgt. in charge of Chair and Rack Detail, G. W. Ely, So. ME; Sgt. in charge of Music Detail, A. L. Clifford, So. EE; Sgt. in charge of Quarters Detail, R. W. Bond, So. EE; Sgt. in charge of Supply Detail, W. V. Fitzsimmons, So. T and IE; Sgt. of Publicity Staff, E. J. Mundorf, Jr. ME. Also: Principal Field Trumpeter, L. W. Mayhak, Jr. Sci; 1st Field Trumpeter, R. W. Bond, So. EE; 2nd Field Trumpeter, R. J. Pearson, So. EE; 3rd Field Trumpeter, H. O. Loper, Fr. Eng; 4th Field Trumpeter, V. L. Lawhead, Fr. Eng; and 5th Field Trumpeter, W. Frantz, Fr. Eng.
N©w Assistint Manager Eligible Lists
In connection with the broadening of the land-use planning project cooperatively sponsored by Purdue University, U. S. Bureau of Agricultural Economics, and farm groups. Associate Extension Director T. A. Coleman of the University announced today that Frank Demaree, an extension field agent with many years’ experience as an agronomist, has been transferred to the position of assistant manager of the project.
Mimeographed lists of students who were in the University the second semester of last year, and have cumulative scholastic index of 3.50 or better, are available in the Registrar’s office. The responsible officer of each student organization may obtain a copy by calling for it. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
1939 Yell Squad Will Visit Houses And Halls For Yell Instructions-Dun^hee
starting next week the Purdue yell squad, headed by Bill Dunshee, will refresh the memories of old students and instruct new students in University yells and songs in preparation for the football season. The squad will visit the various fraternities, sororities, Cary Hall, Residence Halls and co-op houses to hold brief classes and pep sessions. Houses and halls will be contacted in the near future for appointments by Cheer Manager Bill Heckman. All co-eds who are interested in trying outffor posts as co-ed cheerleaders will have an opportunity to do so Tuesday at 4 p. m. Place of the meeting has not been definitely arranged as yet but it will be announced in a later issue of the Exponent. All co-eds who are interested but who cannot attend the meeting should contact Marge Stocker at 2041. Marge will be in charge of the co-ed yell leaders this year, ac-
cording to Dunshee.
Considerable interest in the co-ed posts on the yell squad has already been shown. Positions on the squad are open to all co-eds regardless of what class they are in. Dunshee stated that the co-eds probably would not be used until the Michigan State game. The squad held its first workout yesterday afternoon and Dunshee said that the squad Was in fine shape. There is still a chance for freshmen to try out for posts on the squad. Anyone who is interested may contact Dunshee at the Alpha Chi Rho house.
Exponent Board There wiU be a meeting at both junior and senior members of the Exponent staff in the conference room at 4:15 p. m. Tuesday, October 19. INSLEY,THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. September 16, 1939
i I,
If K
V
Jinudi^ JoJUl Why Join The PI A? Union ballroom doors will open this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock for an all-University tea dance. This dance marks the opening of activities for the Purdue Independent Association, and admission will be free to all students. Later PIA tea dances will be free to members, but a small admission charge will be levied against non-members. Last year the PIA rolls included some 1,100 names. This year the Association officials have set a membership quota of 2,000 students as their goal. In order to enroll this many members, PLA has outlined a year well filled with activities. No student in college should find himself unaffiliated with some group which offers the opportunity of sociability in a f^temal organization. Likewise, no student should spend even a/year in college without attending social functions which will ‘give him a more well-rounded education, and at which he can meet fellow students outside the classroom. Every unorganized student should have some association in which he feels welcome as a member, and which offers activities in which he can participate. The Purdue Independent Association offers work on the Independent, theatrical work, student contact work, clerical work, chorus, dance classes, and other forms of campus activity. This year PIA members will have the opportunity to meet and hear independent campus leaders from universities and colleges all , over the country when the National Independent Students convention is held here next spring. All convention sessions will be open to local members, as will the convention dance on the closing night of thhe program. What A Dollar Will Buy PIA advertises “The Biggest Dollar’s Worth On The Campus.” Let’s see just what PIA has to offer in order to make that claim. Three major evening dances will be open to members, the fall dance, Christmas dance, and spring formal, besides the convention dance. Officials plan sixteen afternoon tea-dances, each with a special attraction such as the Campus Varieties program today. A theatre party is also scheduled and tentative plans are for the motion picture to be selected by popular vote from nominations. PIA members may save money by collective buying, as they are given a 15 per cent discount oh all flowers at a reputable local florist. If a small rooming house has enough PIA members and wishes to have a house party, PIA officials will help to arrange dates and plan the party. As another activity, the Association sells fire insurance at 75 cents for each $200 worth of personal property insured. If the independent student will participate in activities offered by PIA, he should certainly receive a big dollar’s worth of enjoyment. His money will certainly not be spent in vain.
diim, ami 9(bA, By Georgann Schilling
To think the freshmen have been with us a whole week now! We wonder how they’re liking things around here. Probably they’ve decided that college isn’t a weird life of purple lipstick, red finger nails, orchids and upsy-daisy hair. We hope they have learned that the faculty is really quite human, that coke consumption reaches unbelievable heights, and that the telephone explodes every two seconds. H & H It seemed like old times last night to see Louie Lowe back in the ballroom with his band. Didn’t you like his bag of tricks? Louie is one of Purdue’s popular alums who has made good in the musical world. He and Madeline^ Marguis, who is now Mrs. Lowe, scored a hit in many Union shows and other campus productions. The band is being held over for tonight’s ballroom dance. H & H We heard today that a certain young man named Johnny Jr. is coming to the campus next week in an especially built automobile driven by his chauffeur. We hear that Johnny is being escorted into the city by a police escort, and will bring gifts for all the kiddies. “Watch for him!” H & H According to the talk around campus this fall, the men around just aren’t dating this year. The co-eds, save the freshmen, seem to think they’ve hit a slump. Is it the heat, finances, or what that is keeping the men undated? Maybe it is the 450 freshman girls on campus that provides entertainment for our usually attentive males. H & H Conversations: We went eavesdropping unintentionally the other afternoon and here are some of the phrases we heard: “Ain’t it terrible! Everything you like is either fattening or immoral” ... “I’d like to have his pin but I just can’t work it into my schedule” . . . “Mother says she doesn’t know whether I came to college to pursue knowledge or men” ... “I really just came to college for the train ride” . . . “She is bright without being overwhelming” . . . “Fraternity pins are as cheap as bus tokens around here.” So long.
NOW SHOWING
Momm
CHARLES COBURN FRANK ALBERTSON
I. E.
CLIVE
Midnite Show Tonite 11:30
Hoof And Horn To Entertain Ag Freshmen At Barbecue Freshmen in agriculture who are majoring in animal husbandry will be the guests at the Hoof and Horn Club barbecue and round-up to be held on Wednesday evening, September 27, according to an announcement made last night. The barbecue will be sponsored by the animal husbandry staff, and the program furnished by Hoof and Horn, in charge of Spencer Bogue, president. Students planning to attend are to meet at the livestock judging pavilion at 4:15 o’clock in the afternoon in time for a livestock tour before moving to the dean’s pasture in the woods west of the cattle barn, for the barbecue and program.
Dear B & B Editor: Speaking of the Kappa-Delt latest pin exchange, we can’t see why the Kappas are the ones to gripe. Perhaps it serves them both right. Comm, on Pair Play. B & B The recent announcement that “Spots” Emrick is going to use female twirlers in the band has led us to believe that Purdile is really going to have a bigger and better band this year—^who knows, maybe the first concert that the band gives will include the “Beer Barrel Polka” (maybe). B &B JUST CURIOUS! What have become of the pins that Piny Sexton and Marilyn McKnight used to wear? (This might be the signal for some of you lads to get on the well-known ball) . . . Why does Maxine King get a “little” provoked when you call her “Tipsy”? Don’t let your friends draw their own conclusions, Maxy . . . ’Tis rumored that there are only five pins in the Kappa house now, don’t be backward, brothers, as second fiddle makes just as much noise as the first. B &B Each time this column is written the fact is impressed on us that it contains practically nothing—it is not our idea' to create by-roads to encourage students (and you are a student ?) to wander from the path of learning, but won’t you please wander away from school work just long enough to make the life of a B & B editor a little more bearable. B & B If today’s ^column holds no interest for you just remember that today held no interest for us. Starting next week you will get your regular B & B editor and he will probably take a greater interest in you and the messes you can get into. Ho Hum! This pinch-hitting seems to be a strike-out. B &B People are still wondering whether DICK RAINEY, ex-Cary Haller, is serious about moving his affections from the Pi Phi to Phi Mu house. It seems that little DICKY has dated every Phi Mu living in the house since school started . . . except the three who are going steady or have a corner on the house love seat . . . and where does it all leave Pi Phi Depew? ? ?
Purdue Exponent Published daily except Monday during: the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $3.50. Business office located at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. Editor-in-Chief—^R. E. Insley, (Union) 4005 Business Manager—W. E. Smith, 6038 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINa BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AvE. NewYork. N. Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • LOS ANGELES • SAN FRANCISCO
Four Broadway Stage Hits Set For Mars After extensive negotiations, the manager, H. G. Frederickson, annoimces the final arrangements of a gala festival of the drama providing for the presentation of the four great hits of the New York stage in our community the coming fall and winter. These great plays are expected to provide the highlights of the social and entertainment season and bring to Lafayette for the first time the finest the Broadway §tage accords. The plan as heralded in the press of the nation has invited the most widespread enthusiasm on the part of critics of the theater and it is a national move to revitalize interest in the theater and elevate the spoken drama to the scenes of its former glory. The hits of the New York stage which will pass in review on a subscription basis for Lafayette theatergoers are the incomparable Le Gallienne in the immortal Ibsen’s finest play, “Hedda Gabbler”; the riotous comedy, “What A Life”; the New York Theater Group’s sensational production of Golden Boys”; and the prize-winning dramatic smash-winner of the New York (Critics’ prize, “On Borrowed Time.” These productions represent a galaxy of genuine successes all of which were chosen for their intrinsically beautiful theatrical values. These presentations will not in any sense be ordinary touring attractions. They will reflect the life, labor and beauty of the finest dramatic art in America. They •will offer New York casts approved by the original New York producers and they will be staged with the original scenic investiture, properties and lighting effects which delighted New York audiences in their long Broadway runs. Your interest is invited on a subscription basis in support of this festival of the drama for which the Mars Theater has pledged an important guaranty. Not only will you, your family and friends be royally entertained, but in subscribing you will help insure the permanency of this plan as an annual event and contribute to the cultural and educational values of our community. Mail order season reservations sales open Monday and all orders will be filled as received, assuring those who order early choice seats for the plays. Through advance subscription you will effect a substantial saving and the details can be found in this edition of the Exponent. A matinee and night performance will be presented on each play.
RICHES... or the tender love •words of Lorna... who has never been adored e f o r e ?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
GLORY... or the great peace that only sweet romance can bring him?
k WARM.. LIVING.. SCREEN EXPERIENCE! 4kU«
MUSIC... that sings in your heart,.. or the cries of frenzied millions ringing in your ears?
itarrlng BARBARA ADOLPHE STANWYCK-MENJOU
WUUAM
HOLDEN
starts TODAY
4>0
m
p' Pi
'•;'ilciir.I91*l>TBnIle«FeAliiro8jndbAl*.liifc - Tm. Bet. V. S. FaL CBz-AU rUMa mened
“See, I told ya not to eat that kinda cereal—all their planes are obsolete!”
Cycle Clubs Plan C'ville Lunch Trip University motorcyclists held the first meeting of the year Thursday evening in the Agriculturalist office of the Union. Election of officers was postponed until after the “getacquainted rides,” one of which will be held tomorrow. The first ride, known as the “Cra-wfordsville-Lunch-Mill-Cruise” will begin from the foot of the State street hill at 10 a. m. Lunches must be brought. A new wrinkle in local campus actmty for the club will be the road and field formation riding practice which will be held after 4 o’clock on Tuesdays and Thursdays. The first of these formation rides will be held on Tuesday, September 19, and is open to all riders interested.
-LAST TIMES TODAY— THE THREE MESQUITEERS — inured RIVER RANGE" —ALSO — "Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase" SUNDAY - MONDAY ANN SOTHERN ROBERT YOUNG — IN — "MAISIE" —ALSO — BRIAN DONLEVY — IN — "Behind Prison Gates" 20c to 6:00 After 6:00—10-20-25C
ARC
4—DAYS~-4 Special Midnite Show Starting Tonite, 11:30; then Mon., Tues., Wed. Nites FOR ADULTS
V.
BEAUTY' UNADORNEDUNAFRAID-,-
UNASHAMED A'ROMAN'CE^IN THE NODE
ACTUALLY riLMED 'N NUDIST COLONY A C'nk' artANO PRODUCTION
Song of the Day— Three little Freshies and a co-ed, too, Wanted education so they came to Old Purdue. —Joke. 1938 Member 1999 Associded Gblie6iate Press Distributor of Golle6iate Dt6est
AIR CONDITIONED — LAST DAY —
•and —
ALSO
SUNDAY - MONDAY “LITTLE PRINCESS" “FAST AND LOOSE"
UffMMfilU — STARTS SUNDAY — More Blazing Thrills Than Any Screen Has Ever Seen IN TECHNICOLOR
— WITH — RALPH RICHARDSON C. AUBREY SMITH JUNG DUPREZ — LAST DAY — "BLONDIE TAKES A VACATION" — an D — LAWRENCE OLIVER — IN — 'CLOUDS OVER EUROPE"Saturday, September 16, 1939
fxpomnL Spo/dA. ^aqsL
Frosh Grid Squad Hears Elward At
In the freshman football meeting last Thursday night in the Fieldhouse, gridiron aspirants were addressed by Mai Edward and a training schedule was announced by Freshman Coach Elmer Burnham. Coach Burnham seems pleased with this season’s new crop of freshman pigskin toters. The boys are heavier, on the average, than last year’s squad, and even at this early date the managers have spotted a few very educated toes. Actual scrimmage hasn’t started as yet, and activities are being restricted to limbering up exercises. Coach Burnham wishes to announce that all boys who have not as yet received their uniforms should do so before Monday, and that freshmen who wish to come out for the squad may still do so.
Women's Pool
Facilities have been provided by the WAA for the Women’s Gsnmnasium pool to be open every afternoon at 4 o’clock from Monday through Friday, making it possible for all women students who are interested in swimming to participate daily in this sport. Co-eds will guard the pool during the week. Betty Spears, WAA council member in charge of arrangements for the pool, has announced that co-eds will be furnished suits and towels, but that they must bring their own caps.
Whitney, Hope Will Meet In Billiard Match On Monday Coach Whitney of the Riveter billiard team and Senior James Hope will engage in a special exhibition billiard match next Monday at 7:30 in the billiard room of the Union building. The match will be of the 18.2 balk line straight rail ts^pe. Coach Whitney will attempt to score 200 points, while Hope endeavors to score 100. In the present freshman rotation pocket billiard tomnament the leaders are Bob Rogers, R. W. Gebhart, and Joe Kolady with two victories and no defeats, while Jack Stoley and A. F. Schlueter have one victory and no defeats. Eliminated because of a defeat are Bill Dwyer, Gene Dills, H. Hoffman, T. M. Shead, B. Glazer, R. Arlin, C. Markato, G. Corbus, G. Soderling, W. Rodlick, and G. Ergman. Twenty-six entries have not yet played their first matches and entries are still open to contestants. Intramurals ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Todf^—1:15 G. Armstrong vs. J. Mann. P. J. Wood vs. R. W. Kimmell. P. D. Richards vs. E. H. Vaughn. W. Waterhouse vs. P, Shater. L. P. Myers vs. A. E. Pier. T. P. Mangold vs. W. E. Allen. S. Armstrong vs. P. Templeton. J. T. Molinet vs. W. Schalliol. N. Kitchen vs. D. R. Moeller. V. Westberg vs. J. Crutchflield. 2:00 E. E. Underwood vs. H. Andrewson. W. P. Thompson vs. R. Kirkpatrick. J. H. Shaw vs. Beidenweg. E. Mees vs. A. G. Nelson. W. J. Miller vs. J. P. Euecker. E. L. Wallace vs. E. B. Bryan. li. Osborne vs. E. Schlueter. W. L. Vaughn vs. J. Powell. R. R. Northrup vs. E. W. Johnson. M. E. Vitale vs. R. Tewksbury.
ALLE N*_ SCHOOL OF DANCINCa LEARN TO DANCE COKRECTL’^ BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Sept. 20, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS Thursday, Sept. 21, 7:30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open Sat., Sept. 30 ENROLL NOW PHONE 21^0
MARS THEATRE ANNOUNCING SEASON RESERVATION SALE ON 4 BROADWAY STAGE PRODUCTIONS TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON — NOV. 18—"WHAT A LIFE" DEC. 9—"ON BORROWED TIME" FEB, 10—"GOLDEN BOY" APRIL 13—HEDDA GABLER (Tentative Dates—Subject to Change)
ORDER NOW TO OBTAIN CHOICE SEATS — Season Reservations Sale Closes Nov. 18 —
EVENING PRICES TAX INCLUDED
Main Floor
Box Seats ... First 18 Rows Last 10 Rows
Balcony
Loge Mezzanine First 5 Rows. Last 4 Rows.. Upper Balcony
One Season Reservation for the 4 Shows
$8.00 8.00 6.00 6.00 5.00 3.40 2.52
MATINEE PRICES TAX INCLUDED
One Season Reservation for the 4 Shows
Main Floor Box Seats First 18 Rows . Last 10 Rows ..
Balcony
Loge
Mezzanine
First 5 Rows. Last 4 Rows..... Upper Balcony All requests for season reservations must be accompanied by check or money order payable to the Mars Theatre. Tickets for each production will be available at the Mars Theatre box office one week in advance of play date. Those tnalring season reservations will be given the same seats for all four performances. PURCHASE SEASON RESERVATIONS AND SAVEl
psddafik. CkoixjL
By Robert J. Deckard
FC refrained from clarifying its position on the selection of the All-America professional baseball of '39 in yesterday's column, which has caused some comment on the part of several ball enthusiasts on the campus. —fc.— Apparently several baseball addicts disagree vehemently with the selections made both by FC and Boilermaker baseball Coach Dutch Fehring, because of their undying devotion for several other favorites. A couple of lads have called on FC to defend itself. —fc— The team appears lopsided with Yankee and Red Sox performers, but that’s not FC’s fault. That’s the fault of players on the other clubs. (Simple reasoning). It picked ’em on the stuff they have shown this season, regardless of club uniform, political affiiliation, or international philosophy. ——fc— Undoubtedly the majority of critics like Di Maggio, Dickey, Williams, and Foxx at their respective positions, in addition to four pitchers, Derringer, Walters, Ruffing, and Feller. The remainder of the team might be open to speculation. —^fc— FC chose Bobbie Doerr at second base because he is hitting more consistently than Yank Joe Gordon and Cub Billy Herman. As for records afield, the trio is about even, but, on the basis of hitting, Doerr remains FC’s favorite. —^fc— ^ Another . difficult., post ..was . at shortstop. Luke Appling dances lightly and favorably before the eyes of this column, because he is walloping the pill in the .320’s and fielding as well, if not better, than any other short. Giant Bill Jurges and Yank Frank Crosetti are not doing much at the plate, but their fielding does deserve some commendation. —fc— FC selected little Mel Ott of Giant fame over Card Joe Medwick for
Heat Again Halts Grid Scrimmage
Four Riveter Stars To Help Burnham In Frosh Grid Practice Noble E. Kizer, Boilermaker athletic director, has announced the appointment of four former Riveter gridders as coaches for the freshman football squard. All four men are taking graduate work in physical education. Additions include Tony Juska of Chicago, who was a fullback candidate on last year’s eleven; Richard Ainslie, a local boy and a tackle on the 1938 squad which lost but one encounter; Harry Krause, Chicago, who played football for the Gold and Black during the 1936-37 seasons; and Charles Armon from Bicknell, a 1937 graduate who has been coaching at Wolcott during the past two years. These men will team up with Claude Reeck, head wrestling coach, and Joe Mihal, co-captain and outstanding tackle on last year’s Boilermaker squad, to complete the frosh coaching staff which has been guided during the past four years by Elmer Burnham. Galento Wins Philadelphia, Pa.—Special—^Last night fat Tony Galento earned another crack at the world’s heavyweight championship when he surprised fight fans by defeating Lou Nova by a technical knockout in the fourteenth round.
the left-field spot. Medwick is hitting about' 20 points better than Mel, but there’s really little to .choose when it gets down to sheer batting ability. Moreover, the Gothamite is a better fielder and a far better team player. —^fc— Yank Rolfe was our choice at third for several reasons. He has it over Cub Stan Hack and fifteendozen other hot-corner men, in that he waves a mean wand at the pan and plays a headier ball game on the third sack. Rolfe was the mainstay of the Yank infield consistently throughout the season.
Boilermaker Backfields Work On Kicking, Passing, Bali Handling; Don Summer Garb With old man Sol beating down on the practice field in much the same manner that has characterized the last few days, the Boilermaker gridmen again forsook their usual scrimmage for an afternoon of ball handling, passing,' and kicking. Boilermaker football forces resembled a soccer troup as Coach Mai Elward ordered shorts and T shirts in place of customary grid apparel.
Papengulh Issues Call For Varsity Swimmers Beginning to formulate his plans for an extended program of Boilermaker swimming, Dick Papenguth, new swimming coach and former lAC mentor, has issued a call to all candidates for the varsity swimming I team. All aquatic men are asked to meet in the pool at the Fieldhouse Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. At this initial meeting of the year Papenguth intends to outline plans for the rapidly approaching campaign in addition to taking inventory of the available material. This year’s version of the Riveter aquatic team will be greatly handicapped by the loss of George Wildhack, captain and ace diver who was expected to lead the Boilermakers in the coming season. Wildhack wasn’t able to return to school this fall. He was the only member of last year’s squad who was able to garner a point in the Big Ten championships when he placed fifth in the fancy diving. "Gag Men" Go To School In Radio Writing Course Arthur A. Radkey, Sc. ’37, present assistant director of the Nation’s School of the Air on WLW, Cincinnati, O., steps out in front again as the inaugurater of a course in radio writing at the University of Cincinnati this fall, according to an announcement from that imiversity. Radkey will teach his course in the evening college, in addition to his duties in the educational department at WLW.
ATTENTION
ALL FRESHMEN
SATURDAY NIGHT IS DATE NIGHT
The impression she receives on your first date may make or break you. Start your social life out right hy taking a cah! We offer you prompt and courteous service—service with a X smile. When in douht call \
YELLOW CAB CO
Phone 5023
423 Ferry
Several sets of backfields worked their way through the heat waves in a drill that centered mostly on handling the pigskin behind the line of scrimmage. A quartet, including Hennis, Galvin, DeWitte, and Byelene, showed that the Riveter fans need have no fear about this year’s backfield combinations. Brock’s Ankle OK Lou Brock, who hurt his ankle plajdng softball last summer, was running through plays with his old time vigor, and seemed little concerned about the condition of his ailing joint. Jack Brown, Purdue’s
iS/SCOK
^ ambidextrous pass flinger, also seemed completely recovered from the ingrown toenail that had kept him out of scrimmage for a few days. The fact that speed will again dominate the Boilermaker attack has been evident throughout the first few days of drill. In order to utilize to the fullest advantage the exceptional speed of the squad as a whole, and the ball-handling ability of the veteran backs, Elward has placed the main emphasis on a deceptive offense that will depend largely on deft passing, timing and speed, rather than power. Fight For Guard Positions Several keen battles hgtve developed for starting assignments in the forward wall, notably at guard where the lettermen trio of Frank Bykowski, Carl Verplank, and Jack Winchell is being pushed by a scrappy sophomore contingent that includes Tom Melton, John Brown, William Donnelly, and Jim Miller. The return to school of Basil Petry, letterman from two years ago, has fortified the center post which was weakened by the loss of Paul Humphrey, last year’s co-captain. Petry, along with Ted Axton, is expected to provide capable support for Augie Momingstar, who bore the bulk of the burden last year after Humphrey was injured. 'Two left-footed kickers. Jack Brown, senior veteran, and John Galvin, sophomore prospect, along with Lou Brock were getting off the most consistent punts, while Mike Byelene and Red Shackleton joined with the same trio in the forward passing department. John Petty, Fred Montague, and Ted Hennis were given the most attention when it came to drill on place kicks, while Augie Momingstar got off the best boots on kickoffs. Women's Honorary Oullines Program Mary Ann Carpenter, president of Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshman women, outlined the plans and activities for the coming season at the organization’s first meeting of the year held in room C of the Union, Wednesday evening. Plans include monthly meetings to be arranged throughout the year. Alpha Lambda Delta pledges for this semester will include all girls; in last year’s freshman class who made a scholastic index of five points or above last semester. Mis® Clare Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women, led a brief discussion con4 cerning the conducting of the organization’s activities.
'ililgf-fi* -
t:
bfii, t
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 16, 1939
1 >
11
JomDhhDW Qn JJte QhwuJfUiA
W^st Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30—Roger Williams Club class. Professor Noss, of the sociology department, will teach. 10:30—Church worship. Sermon by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, “I Dare You.” 6:30—Roger Williams Club social hour and ten-cent lunch. 6:30—Prof. G. A. Young will speak at the discussion hour on “Purdue Traditions.” St. John’s Episcopal Church 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon, Rev. Reese F. Thornton. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship. 7:00—Prof. P. E. Lull will read the play, “Idiot’s Delight.” First Christian Church 9:30—Sunday class; topic, “Amos the Prophet.” 10:40 — Church service, Doyle Holland preaching, “So You’ve Come j;o College!” 5:30—^Vespers. 6:00—Recreation. 6:30—Discussion. Central Presbyterian Church 9:30—Dean A. A. Potter will speak to the student discussion group. His subject will be, “What Purdue Hopes to Do for You.” 10:40—Morning worship. Rev. J. W. Findley will preach. His subject will be, “When a Man Is Born.” The choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will sing. 6:00—Supper will be served at 10 cents per plate at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street. West Lafayette. 7:00—Prof. G. A. Young will
speak on “Purdue Traditions” at Westminster House. West Lafayette Methodist Church 9:30—Dean Fisher will teach the freshman men’s class. Dean Coolidge will teach the freshman co-ed class at the Wesley Foundation, 436 State street. Mrs. McFadden lyill teach the upperclass co-ed class. 10:40 — Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach on “The Light of Men.” 6:00—Fellowship dinner for 16 cents. 6:30—Epworth League with Dean Fisher speaking to the freshmen on “Fraternities: To Join or Not to Join,” and Dr. A. A. Smith speaking to the upperclassmen on “Christian Personality.” 7:30—Meeting of all those interested in working for “World Peace.” TKA Will Sponsor Monthly Forums Tau Kappa Alpha, national debating honorary, announces its program for the coming year. Monthly student-faculty open forums will head the extensive list of activities. The open forums which proved so popular last year, follow much the same plan as that used formerly. The discussions will be opened by two faculty members who will have been specifically invited for that purpose, the meeting will then be opened to the audience for mass discussion. The faculty lounge has tentatively been selected as the meeting place for all discussions. The annual TKA steak fry will open the semester activities on Thursday, September 21. All those who have taken part in any forensic activity are invited to attend. Those attending will leave the east door of the Union at 4 p. m. for Ross farm, scene of the picnic. The seven members of the honorary are: Don Paarlberg, president; Joe Karnowsky, Joe Yamamoto, Mark Keane, Charlotte Finney, Charlotte Luchner, Jean Pechin.
fot, ^
'»en,
A HEAD START IN STYLE for men who have fheir shirts DATED LAUNDERED here. One full year's wear guaranteed for all shirts laundered by us exclusively.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Faculty Men Conduct Gary Firemen Exams Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, and A. P. Johnson 0^ the Personnel staff, will go to Gary Monday, September 18, to assist Emmett Cox of the state fire marshal’s office in conducting an examination for 76 applicants for positions in the Gary fire department. Knapp and Johnson are handling the examination at the request of the Gary mayor whose administration is cooperating with the University engineering extension department and the fire marshal’s office in conducting a training course for firemen. Dean Knapp announced today that the annual training school for firemen of the state will be held at the University October 23, 24, and 26. The school is conducted each year for paid and volunteer firemen by the engineering extension department in cooperation with the state fire marshal’s office, the Association of Fire Chiefs, and other organizations concerned with fire fighting and prevention.
NOTICES
Sophomores: Will the following: students get in touch with me this week conceming their work, past and future, on the Exponent editorial staff. H. F. Hays, liester Eobinson, Herbert Payne, William P. Etter, Kichard F. Sears, Roger F. Nusbaum, Edgar M. Katzenberg, Donald S. Powers, John C. Jarrett, Edward E. Pickett, Robert G. Bosart. If impossible for you to see me, Iea.ve your phone number with someone in the office, or drop it in the Exponent box on the main Union desk. —FRED, Exponent managing editor
in the second semester of this year should also take M. E. 88 the first semester. M. E. 98, First Term 1989-40. Add prerequisite Course M. E. 88. (9-16) —WOOD.
Christian Science Orgranization: A special meeting will be held Tuesday, September 19, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important business will be discussed. —BREWSTER.
Exponent Co-eds: All sophomore girls interested in working on the co-ed staff come to meeting Monday, September 17, at 4 p. m. in the Union Exponent office. Bring schedule cards. —SCHILLING.
All Stndenls: Student applications for flight training in the program of the Civil Aeronautics Authority must be submitted at the Personnel Service, ground floor. Executive Building, not later than 4 p. m., Monday, September 18. No applications will be accepted thereafter. —WALTERS. Science Assemblies: Freshman science students will meet in second-floor lecture room, Stanley Coulter Hall, Tuesday, September 19, at 3 p. m. —ENDERS.
PEW Bowling: All PEW bowling classes will have their first meeting at the scheduled hour in the Women’s Gymnasium. Pee of $2 should be paid at this meeting. —KNIGHT.
Classified Ads
NEWLY decorated room entirely refurnished, excellent beds. Mrs. Shurunk, 202 Russell. 46754 or 3905. ATTRACTIVE down stairs front room. Near campus. For ladies, single or double. Phone 66254. FOR RENT—One double room. Close in. 122 Pierce St. Phone 7764.
Ceres: Meeting in room F, Union Building, Tuesday, September 19, at 7:30 p. m. —NICKEY.
EACH BOARDER gets one quart of whole milk per day with plenty of good food served family style at 222 Russell Street. TICKETS—800, $1.00; 1,000, $2.00. Other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop. 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
Varsity Track Men: Important meeting for all track and cross-country men Monday, September 18, at 4:30 p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. —PHILLIPS.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 603 Main Street.
Christian Science Organization: A special meeting will be held Tuesday, September 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important business will follow. -BREWSTER.
Gimlet: Short but important meeting in room C of the Union Wednesday, September 20, at 7 p. m. All members are urged to be present. —FBAZEE.
I ROOM AND BOARD—Single b'eds. Continuous hot water. 6 Waldron. Phone 2671.
Playshop Tryouts: Tryouts for the productions “Brother Rat’’ and “Winterset” will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, September 19 and 20, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —DIETRICH.
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire in the first novice pistol group should sign in supply room prior to 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 19. —CAPT. HOLMES.
M. E. Sophomores: Those intending to study Aeronautical Engineering should take course M. E. 83 (Aeronautics, Cr. 1, not yet listed in catalogue or schedule of classes). Schedule: Div. A; W 8. Div. B; Th 8 Room M E 108. CAA Pilots may also elect M. E. 83 instead of 16 periods of evening ground school work on principles of flight. M. E. Juniors planning to take M. E. 98
Catalyst Club: All nominations for pledges must be placed in the box in Dr. Lovell’s office by Saturday, September 21. Important meeting September 21 in the Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7:30 p. m.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, September 18, at 8 p m. in room C of the Union. Bring reflectors. —REILEY.
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
224 Main Street
START SCHOOL AFRESH
Pick your campus wardrobe — choose for comfort, for ease — and for style. Come in and have a look through our store. We’ll be pleased to show you all the smart new things essential in a college man’s wardrobe. Corduroy Trousers $2.98 Wool Sweater 2.98 Slacks (All Wool) 2.98 White Dress Shirts 98 Trench Coats 2.98
Senior Cords $2.98 with zipper flies and slide rule pockets RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
Be In The “Know”
Read The Exponent Daily