^ 4
Purdue
Exponent
V6lume Uo. 188
Saturday, May 25, 1940
Brown, Breeden Head 1940-’41 Bebris Staff Electoral Board Names Jones, Swift, White New Editors
Robert E. Brown Editor-in-Chief
Late News Bulletins
• British Report- Germans '10 Minutes From London' London, May 24—Boulogne, strategic seaport of France, and 20 minutes from London by air, has been taken by the German advance on the English channel coast, usually reliable sources admitted today. Although authorities here acknowledged the important capture, the Germans had not at the time of the admission even claimed Boulogne, but said that their channel vanguard had^ advanced further than the city, and had headed for Calais to the northeast.
Robert J. Breeden Business Manager
Joseph E. White Senior Photographer
Ruth B. Swift Photography Editor
Wesleyan Downs Riveters ^ Fehring Moundmen
Yield 9 Runs, n Hits To Illinois Invaders
Education Institute To Convene Today; 500 Officials Attend Second annual Educational Institute of the Indiana State Federation of Labor will convene this morning ii> the south ballroom of the Union. The two-day conference is expected to attract about 600 officials representing various locals throughout the state. The conference will be called to order by John Acker, vice-president of the state organization. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the department of education and applied psychology, will deliver the welcoming address. “Labor and Wofld Crisis” will be discussed by Spencer Miller of New York City, director of the Workers’ Education Bureau of America, and Gordon Enders, of the department pf history, economics, and government. Social Security Highlight of the day will be a discussion of proposed social security amendnten^S by Robert Watt of Washipgtoh, D. C., international reppesefitatlve of the A. P. of L., and Clarence Jackson, executive secretary of the Indiana State Chamber of Conlmerce. George W. Dean, Michigan director of vocational education, and Russell Greenly, of the department of education and applied psychology, will speak on labor’s place in the vocational education program. Elliott Speaks At the concluding session Sunday morning at 9:30 o’clock. President E. C. Elliott will speak on “What the University Has to Offer You.” George S. Counts of Columbia University, president of the American Federation of Teachers, and Dr. J. A. Estey, of the department of history, economics, and government, will outline democracy’s future in America. The cpnference will dose with a discussibn of “Training the Putpre Official” by Edward D. Connor, assistant regional director of WPA adult education, and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management. Purdue Wheelmen . . . bicycle club, elected the following officers Wednesday evening tor the coming year: president, Vem Vanderbilt; vice-president, Wilfred Bartelt; secretary, Esther Weed; treasurer, George Shawkins.
• Deny Fall of Boulogne Pans, May 24—Fiench military news sources said tonight that small German mechanized forces are raiding the channel port area, but also reported that Allied forces are closing in from around Arras and Peronne on opposite sides of the German corridor. Military sources said today that the French troops still hold Boulogne and added that the situation at Calais is still favorhble. • Italy, Spain Threaten London, May 24—Fears lose here today that Fascist Premier Benito Mussolini has been working with Adolf Hitler in maintaining a threatened series of Italian blows in the Mediterranean and in this way is aiding Germany by immobilizing large Allied forces in the Mediterranean area. It is also believed heie thpt the enti ance of Italy and possibly Spain into the war on the side of Germany has drawn nearer.
Week-End For 'Air Minded' To Feature Airport Dance, Banquet, Flyinq Show By Gordon Fletcher At 9 o’clock tonight the last social event of the ’39-’40 school year will be ushered in by Irvan Maury and their band as they swing out for the dancers at the annual airport dance in the hangar of the University airport. Preceding the dance, a banquet will be held at 6 p.m. in room 363 of the Union for members of the Flying and Glider Clubs, their dates, and campus guests. Tomorrow afternoon the twelfth annual airshow will get under way at the airport to climax an “air-minded” week-
end.
Tonight’s “last fling” will feature
dancing in the hangar, refreshment tables on the apron and on the roof, plane rides for those so inclined, and crowning of the ’40 air queen. The queen is to be selected from coeds present at the evening’s festivities. Two couples will be given free rides for holding lucky tickets. Transportation to and from the ail port for couples not having a way out, will be provided by a bus. The first trip will start from the east entrance of the Union at 8:46 p.m. Tickets for the dance will serve as bus fare. These are now available at the west desk of the Union, at the airport, and from members of the Flying and Glider Clubs, and will be sold at bus time tonight at
(Continued on page 4)
WBAA Eds Victorious Over Gopher Co-eds Benton Burns, Hank Miller and Harry Bischel defeated a team of three University of Wisconsin coeds in the “This Amazing America” quiz program broadcast over 80 stations of the NBC Blue Network last night. They attained a perfect score of 600 points, a feat which has not been accomplished for several
weeks
The program is sponsored by the Gi eyhound Company which presents all the contestants with their expenses, and each of the members of the winning team with a $26 prize.
Worrying About Finals? Consider Then These Ways Of Studying: Stay Up Late, Early To Bed
By .rim Purcell “ ‘The time has come,’ the Wallus said, ‘to talk of many things!’ ” An4 he’s right. Consider the 600 or more courses requiring finals, during the next tyro weeks, and consider the task of preparing for and writing those finals. Some of the more interesting side-lights on finals include eccentricities of studying. Before introducing the unusual let us briefly review the orthodox method of studying. Scene: A room. Enter a student, breathing rather heavily and with face aglow with health and exercise. He has finished a marvelous game of “fiy knock in” on the front lawn, preceded by a tasteful, but rather heavy dinner. Sleepy Time It’s study hours. And he settles himself dutifully at his desk. He’s not in the mood or physical condition for studying, but the thought of that final tomorrow afternoon haunts him. After 16 minutes of tiying, perhaps he finally is able to concentrate. In an hour or two, work not finished, he grows sleepy. So sleepy. It’s no use, he’s getting nothing done, so with a muttered, beaten, “Well, I’ll get it in the morn-
ing” he goes to bed, only to lie awake worrying about wasted time for a few uhpleasant minutes, and then Into a heavy sleep. That, we believe^ is the usual method of studying for a final a day away. Of course, we ignore here the super-willed individual who forces himself to study, suppressing his sleepliness. Modern Method Now, let’s consider a questionably new, but rather unusual method of studying. Start off from where we did before: Enter the student into his room, face aglow and feeling fine after his game of catch. But this time he goes not to his desk, but to his closet to draw his pajamas off the hook. Draping his manly body in sleeping togs, he’s off to bed, carrying faithfully and lovingly in his good right hand a recommended and tested alarm clock, which is set approximately for 3 a.m. (The earliness of the hour depends on the need for study and the nearness of the exam.) With a final check on his alarm, he di ops into a firm sleep, having first resolved in his own mind to heap the alazm. j
So eai’ly, so eai’ly, in the moraing he awakes to the persistent jingle of the alarm, and perhaps the profane mutterings of his dorm-mates. Then he’s off to his room, to settle himself in the peace ahd quiet of the early morning for an intensive period of study. Calm and Collected Advantages of this latter system ai e plenty of sleep before midnight, when it is supposed to be best, allowing dinner to be properly digested, the quiet of the early morning, and calmness and readiness for work that the student has then in contrast to the post-ball game excitement. Disadvantages include the gnawing hunger that usually invades the student in that period so long until breakfast, the possibility that the alarm might not ring or be heard if it does, and the sleepiness that assaults some persons early in the morning. (Defenders of this system say, however, that these disadvantages can be done away with by “eaily to bed,” and by providing fruit or candy for the early hours ) Take your pick.
A well-balanced nine from Illinois Wesleyan once again proved that small schools can easily bump off larger schools yesterday afternoon when they trampled the Riveter diamond team, 9-5. The Wesleyan team stretched their season’s record to 18 wins and 3 losses at the expense of the Riveters, collecting 12 hits off the slants of Higgins and Wargo. The Illinois aggregation, which IS nearing the title in the Little Nineteen conference, presents a formidable line-up even on paper, for when the name of Dickey, catcher, is noted, Yankee power is suggested. Indeed, this Dickey is a piomismg catcher, solving Riveter pitchers foi three hits, including a home lun with the bags loaded, and a triple with one on base. Dickey Drives ’Em In Dickey personally accounted for the scoring of Illinois Wesleyan’s first six runs. Besides leading in the offensive chores for his team, Dickey was dependable at his place behind the bat, capably receiving the pitches of Massrand, who granted only six hits until the ninth inning. Riveter bats weren’t effective against Massrand until the final frame, when they shelled the Illinois Wesleyan hurler from the box with four successive hits, two of which were good for two bases. Zeitz promptly choked the Boilermaker uprising only after four runs had been scored. Poor Mack Felix Mackiewicz resumed his involuntary practice of hitting his sizzling drives directly into the gloves of the other team. 'Twice yesterday he connected solidly and drove the ball over 360 feet into left field, but where the left gardener had been playing all the time, anticipating such a smash. However, luck smiled on Felix in the sixth frame when his screaming drive evaded outstretched gloves and netted him two bases. A standout play while the Boiler(Continued on page 2) NYA WORK AU students who want to work on NYA work next year should get application forms before leaving for the summer vacation. Complete NEW applications are required from all. Men should get their applications from Mr. Sharp in the Dean of Men’s office, and women from Miss Houghton in the Women’s Placement Service office.
Robert E. Brown, Beta Theta Pi, from Columbus, and Robert J. Breeden, from Muncie, a member of Theta Chi, were named last night by the Debris electoral board to the positions of editor-in-chief and business manager, respectively, of the 1940-41 University yearbook. Other present juniors elected to senior positions were: co-ed editor, Jean Jones, Kappa Kappa Gamma, from Chicago ; senior photographer, Joseph E. White, from Dayton, O.; photography editor, Ruth B. Swift, Chi Omega, from Houghton, Mich. W. A. Bodden, J. H. McKee, T. R. Johnston and O. F. Hall, faculty m.embers, and 1939-40 Debris senior staff members compose the electorial board which held interviews with petitioners during the last week. Juniors named by the board to the Editorial staff are: William H. Hayt, Cincinnati, 0.; William A. Darling, Ft. Wayne; James C. Chase, Louisville, Ky.; George W. Ogden, Louisville, Ky. Sophomores elected to replace junior business men are: Robert E. Adams, Gary; Gordon McWorkman, Indianapolis; William K. Lancet, Indianapolis; and Maxine Wilson, West Lafayette. On the co-ed staff the following women were named by the Board to direct next year’s work as junior staff members composed the elec111.; Mary E. Henry, Gary; Betty Morris, Shelbyville; and Joan Cooper, Pittsburgh. Doc Miller's Advice For Final Cramming If full efficiency is to be gained in studying for finals certain health rules must be followed, according to Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the student health service. Dr. Miller’s roles are: 1. The use of stimulating drugs is always a dangerous practice. A large number of students have been using stimulating drugs for the purpose of enabling them: (a) to study for a longer period of time, preparing for final examinations. (b) to keep awakp during examinatiops. 2. Students persisting in the use of these drugs are advised to consult the student health service regarding the correct use of these drugs. 3. Six hours of sleep is the absolute minimum necessary each night. The advantages gained at the expense of nonpal hours of deep are only imaginary. 4. Students in a highly nervous state of mind or those unable to sleep the required nupiber of hours should consult the student health service at once. 5: Light n^eals and good ventilation of sleeping and study rooms, will promote mental as well as phys-^ ical well-being of students. 6. Eyes are hkelf to become tired with lohg hours od constant study, but thoy Wil4 900 W^frO dearly if they have short periods ot rest. Students shhidd ho %tt they studying: undor tho correct type of light. Sigma Phi Bpsilon . . . social fraternity announces the election of officers for 1940-41. F. H. Clark, Gary, president; R. R. Braun, Dayton, 0., vice-president; J. C. Wayne, W. Lafayette, secretary; and R. M. Skallerup, IVLiy-, wood, 111., historian.PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 25, 1948
>
> I
State Tennis Finals Today; Irish Capture Team Title It \m11 be an Irish doubles team champion and possibly an Irish singles champ as Notre Dame clinched the team crown in the Indiana Intercollegiate Conference tennis championships in the quarter-final and semi-final rounds yesterday on the men’s courts. Rolling up a total of 19 points, placing both duos ill the finals and having Dan Canale in the singles finals the Irish \ irtually took control of Indiana tennis for 'the coming year
Delta Tau Delta Win Frat Baseball Title With Fine Pitching Bj Joe Dolan Spoit" Editoi, The Pin due Exponent The powerful right arm of Ferrel Ruppert and the loquacious hickory sticks of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity lads yesterday afternoon wrote themselves on the Purdue intramural records as interfratermty baseball champions of this University for the 1940 season, defeating the Phi Sigma Kappa nine 5-0 on Intramural Field Ruppert’s performance was a one hitter, while Bob Igney held the Delts to seven blows. Delta Tau Delta didn’t waste any time getting underway Coiiell fiist man up foi the Delt’s upped a triple to right centei. Walton, Delt catchei, then pounded out a safety, followed by Ruppeit’s single that accounted foi a two lun lead. Strike, Ditto, Ditto The Phi Sig’s couldn’t do a thing in the fiist inning, three of them going out via three swings. Delta Tau Delta got a couple moie runs in the second when Fishbuin circled the bases aftei hitting a fly that fell loose in deep left fleld Adamson was safe on an error and CorrelTs easy rollei was tossed around enough to allow Adamson to score the victor’s fourth run. Igney Gets Hit The Phi Sig’s only hit came m the second when Igney slammed a low line diive for two bases; he was left stranded when Frosty Sprowl, Delt first baseman made a one-handed stab of Ernie Elkin’s hard smash down the initial base line, and that was all for the Phi Sigs From then on the winners had a field day, as they w'atched Ruppert set the loseis down with feeble popups and strike outs Correll’s two long tuples led the hitting for the day Igney and Ruppeit each struck cut five opponents
LUfeU SUN. - MON.—2 Features
IT'S FIRST RUN— jPLUS—2ND FEATURE CMRKCABIE CRAWFORD llRUKi 01169 w^h IAN HUNTER • PETER LORHI PAUL LUKAS • Albert Dekker LEAwi.enlBfoiiiberK«Eduardo CienneM
LAST DAY-~2 FEATURES CHARLES STARRETT in "Blazing Six Shooters" — ALSO — ROCHELLE HUDSON in "BABIES FOR SALE"
Purdue Second In the team title fight, the lush copped first with 19, while the Boilermakers captured second with 11, and DePauw copped third with 7. Eailham ended in fouith with five while Butler and St Joseph annexed one each By awaiding the school a point for every round after the fust that its participant advances, the team score is deiived. A majoi upset was recorded yesterday when Don Mans of Earlham defeated the Irish captain. Bill Fay, defending champ, in a brilliantly fought three-set match, 8-6, 5- 7, 6-4 Trailing 4-2 and 30 love in third set, Don rallied to win four straight games and pulled the match out of the fire. Previously the Earlham ace had defeated captain Fuente, Riveter’s last hope rn the singles, 3-6, 11-9, 6-2 This morning at nine Mans will meet Canale for the single’s laurels. Fay had previously downed Riveter Richards, 8-6, 6-2 Canale Marches By defeating two of his team mates, Dan Canale advanced to the finals He defeated Walsh 6-9, 6-2 in his fiist match and Joyce, last year’s runner-up 7-5, 6-4 Joyce had defeated Riveter Lucht, 6-1, 6- 3. The Shamrock In the doubles, which will be an All-Irish affair, the two Notre Dame combinations of Joyce and Bowler and Fay and Canale will face each other In yesterday’s doubles the Irish virtually had then own way as Joyce and Bowler defeated Berg and Merhaus, the Gold and Black pair 6-3, 6-4, while Canale and Fay, the tournament favorites, defeated Reich and Spear of DePauw, 6-2, 6-4 More N. D. Power In the quarter-final round Joyce and Bob Bowler downed the DePauw pair of Hanna and Soudei, 6-2, 6-2 The other Irish pair triumphed over the Boilermaker duo of Anderson and Lucht, 6-3, 7-5 The Riveter entry of Berg and Meihaus gained the semi-final round by a default from their team mate combination of Fuente and Hebbelei. The other Notre Dame duo was conquered in the quaitei-finals by Reich and Spear of DePauw, 6-2, 6-4
ImaiiI
TONITE MIDNITE SHOW ONLY The sweet ”pill** that makes life bitter.
-TODAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS
ShVMCBJLDBENCRNGOSTRAlGBVj, But TTiese HaU-Pint Baeketeen JIra 0eacfe<F Straight iot the Death Hoture/ >
A MONOGRAM PICTURE — PLUS — Bullions of Laughs in This New Advenlurel / Quuidpa. \ G0E$»T0WN with JAMES • lUCIlE ■ RUSSEU | GLEASON
— SUNDAY — ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT
Compefifors In State Track Meet In Ross-Ade Stadium June 1 wesieyans Down
'POfiDifS-'-<SricfrPor •fiNTi
^TPoT CAPT u^'(^mS’~NOTf^£dAM£,-HlQH(iJlJMP
An
Irishmans I llusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Maybe Puidue didn’t set the conference on fire this baseabll season, but it did win the mythical state baseball championship, and that’s some’n when ya remember that lU and Notre Dame are within Indiana’s boundaries —I-I— Puidue defeated Notre Dame twice, knocked off Butler a like number of trmes, but didn’t get a crack at Indiana Howevei, Butler played the Hoosiers—and beat ’em, therefore, by the process of elimination 01 any other process that suits ya, Purdue’s the best within
the state this season. Dutch Fehiing has developed a champion in the toughest baseball / state for colleges outside of California and New York Those conference games were headaches. No team is bad enough to lose to Illinois the way Purdue did, and yet, did —I-I— I heard a Union building loafer say something about scheduling a snap duet of games for the last home baseball games of the year in Illinois Wesleyan Mind you, young man, 111 Wesleyan subsidizes its baseball players like big universities bung m football players.
That school has been known for its baseball teams just as Notre Dame and So Cal are known for then football squads Gracious no, those Suckers aren’t a set-up club. Those boys on that club go to school at 111. Wesleyan to play baseball just as Tom Harmon goes to Michigan for an education Mmmmm. _I-I_ I saw brains, campus leadership, and athletic ability all collaborated into one man in the form of the Delt centei fielder, Herb Fishburn. Herb is a Tau Beta Pi, president of the Iiiterfraternity president’s council, and Lon Key. And he plays a darn watchable brand of baseball, too
imuem STARTS SUNDAY
SEE the roaring forest fire! SEE the gigantic tidal wave! SEE a real tropic typhoon! Tan"" DWHYLAiUR ROBERT PRESTON LYNNE OVERMAN J. CARROL NAISH
-LAST TIMES TODAYMERLE OBERON — IN — "OVER THE MOON"
TODAY only
STAGE and SCREEN SHOW
IT’S A SIGHT YOU MUST SI, SENOR! Senor"Woo"Herbert...with his Manhoftan matadors and melodears...tum the Great White Way into the South American Way!
ON THE STAGE-
-RADIO—STAGE AND SCREEN FAVORITES— LULU BELLE and SCOTTY IN THE NEW 1940 W. LW. RADIO REVUE » OTHER ACTS
SEE . . HEAR THEIR REGULAR BROADCAST FROM THE STAGE
STAGE SHOWS AT 1.25 - 3:35 - 5:45 - 7:50 - 10.00
— ADMISSION-
MAIN FLOOR
40c
BALCONY . . .
30c
CHILDREN
15c
(Continued from page 1) makers were on defense was credited to Frank Smithson, first sacker, when he grabbed a hard bouncer in his bare hand, throwing it to Hearne for a force out at second. Several sparkling plays were turned in by the Illinois Wesleyan infield with Temple, first baseman, showing some graceful footwork and ballhandling. Wesleyan Starts Fast The Illinois team quickly found that Higgins was wild and hittable, combining two walks and one hit for two runs in the opening inning. Higgins held them in check until the fifth, when two walks, a double, and a triple produced three tallies for his opponents. That was enough for the Riveter twirler and he was relieved by Wargo in the next frame Rally Falls Short An attempted Frank Merriwell finish fell short in the last half of the ninth as Boilermaker bats clicked briefly. Smithson started it with a single, which was followed by Fisher’s double, a single by McFerren. VernOn then doubled, and Kurtz singled to account for four runs and five hrts. Reamers To Choose Participation Winner Reamer club, athletic booster honorary, announces the presentatron “probably Monday” of an all-year partrcipation award to the rndependent student who has accumulated the largest number of points figured on athletic participation. Intramural department said yesterday that all candidates for the award should bring a list of their participation points to the intramural office in the immediate future. The award is to be based on points received in the following manner: 5 points for a varsity letter, 3 points for an intramural championship, 2 points for a runner-up in intramural competition, 1 point for participation in intramural contests, and 1 point for participation in varsity athletics or in freshmen varsity athletics.
NABS
BEESIY’S GiEHTEST SGiEEN TBIOiFH!
STARRING hKfaMice,
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
— A130 — DRUMS OF FU MANCHU
-SUNDAY - MONDAYMEET DR. CHRISTIAN PACK UP YOUR TROUBLES COLOR CARTOONAid
<\
‘f ^
Saturday, May 25, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Dr. Swain Praises 6®"""®* ^"*®f*®‘"
Pharmacy School
The University School of Pharmacy is the subject of a commendatory editorial in the current issue of Pharmacy and Science News, published in New York City. The editorial is based on the announcement made recently by the School of Pharmacy of a drug clerk’s symposium to be held at the University in July. Dr. Robert L. Swain, editor of Pharmacy and Science News, writes as follows: “Why didn’t some one think of this before ? was my reaction when I read the announcement that a special drug clerk’s symposium will be held by the School of Pharmacy of Purdue in July. The affair, so the
Delta Gamma, social sorority, has announced that Mrs. Alice Robinson of Alexandria will be its new house mother effective next Sep-
tember.
announcement states, will be for ‘registered and non - registered clerks’ and will be devoted to the ‘philosophy of clerk training, the psychological foimdations of human behavior, the principles of economics and salesmanship, and the other important phases of drug store operation.’ The purpose of the symposium is ‘to make sales people more valuable to themselves, to their employers, ancL to the community m which they live. Thus old Purdue deserves another slap on the back for a splendid pioneer-
ing job.”
at^e
time
CRISP AS CRACKED ICE and just as cool is this slick green and white striped sharkskin frock. It has the clean shirtwaist lines you like and a pert setin waistband to call attention to your tiny midriff. The $6.50 you pay includes a good white leather belt. Sizes 9 to 17.
:4 i III \ W
THE RED COATS ARE HERE!' Quote May Mademoiselle. Loeb's are up to the minute, of course, with a spanking new collection of the brightest, perkiest little-boy coats these eyes have glimpsed in many a moon Tob all your summer clothes frqm slacks and cottons to evening dresses with "Nautical but Nice." It's of fireman's red flannel with two shining rows of gold buttons parading down the front. $10 at the Sport Shop, second floor.
LOAF AND HIKE in smartly tailored blue slacks topped by ja shirt striped in delectable shades of pink, ! / blue, and wine. Wind the tie scarf turban-fashion around your head or use it as a soft girdle. All three pieces complete in washable spun rayon for the amazing sum of $2.98. Sports Shop.
cfaelid.
Cary Hall 10 Squad Annexes Ward Ball Crown In Tight One By Ted Clark According to the cheers of the few assembled spectators —and the chatter of the actual participants that eminated from Intramural field yesterday afternoon, one might have easily thought that Dutch Fehring’s boys were doing battle with some diamond rival. However in reality it was the game which decided the ward baseball championship for this present campaign. The new champions are the lads representing Cary Hall 10, who barely squeezedout a 2 to 1 victory over Ward 15, in a well-played, closely contested pitcher’s battle, which lasted five innings. Both teams came up the hard ■way m advancing to the championship fracas. Ward 15 defeated Wards 27 and 25 on successive days to gam their position, while the lesidence hall combine had analogous experiences in climbing the load to the coveted winner’s slot. Good Playing The playing was marked by good fielding and unusually fine pitching. As an obvious result, the hitting and lun producing activities were reduced to a minimum, only one extra base wallop being recorded and that by Lieurance, Ward 15 center-field-er. White, the Cary Hall left fieldei and lead-off man, was the most able and consistent hitter, with two resounding singles and incidentally scored two runs. “Gabby” Walter, the ward catcher, really lived up to his name, for he was never at a loss when it came to keeping his team
mates on their respective toes and the opposition on its respective ears. Furthermore he did everything and more that might be expected of a receiver. He prevented one ball from being a wild pitch and went after every foul that was anywhere within his territory. Early Scoring Each side scored once in the initial inning, and nothing was done in the way of breaking the deadlock until the third frame. In that inning, White singled through second base and advanced on a walk to Klein. The former then pilfered third base and came home with the eventual winning run on a sacrifice by Frey. Despite the fact that both infields were gpilty of one error, the battle was highlighted by a sparkling brand of fielding. At one time, an enemy batter sent a screaming liner to Hines, which almost tore the stocky second-base-man loose from his moorings. The ball was too hot to handle and the ward infielder dropped it, but recovered soon enough to execute a force play at the keystone sack. Iif the fourth round, Moller, the Cary hot-corner tender, was charged with an error on a doubtful ball that might very well have been a hit. Lefty Garret struck out five batters as did Ecklerberg, but the latter had the better record in that he pitched five innings, for since Cary Hall was in the lead they did not take their last batting opportunity. It IS difficult to judge who was the better of two splendid catchers. Walter did not hesitate to run down to first base as a backer-up when there was a play at that bag, and Conklin was very proficient in keeping men on base and trapping foulfly balls. Rev a Richmond . . . member of Pi Beta Phi, social sorority soloed last Thursday at the University airport after 8 hours and 15 minutes of instruction. She is the first girl who is not a CAA student to solo this year. Her instructor was D. A. Baldwin.
ney*
MAKES ANOTHER
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
I
The new COFFEE SHOP is just the place to get a good meal in a hurry. It's new; it's beautiful; It has good food.
The COFFEE SHOP specializes in GOOD COFFEE JhsL fiwidusL Tnmw^iaL lAniofL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Riveters Qualify Six For Finals In 40th Conference track Meet
Qualifying six men for the finals of the Big Ten track and field championships, the Boilermakers made their finest qualification showing in recent years during the first day of the annual meet, which this year is being held at Northwestern’s Dyche stadium. Michigan, however, dominated the preliminaries by qualifyjng 19 of their squad. The SIX Boilermakers eligible for today’s finals are as follows: Weber, in the shot put and discus; Tycocki, in the 220 yard dash and broad jump; Rankin, in the low hurdles, and Shackleton, m the quarter-mile. Ed Holderman and Art Edwards go directly into the finals as preliminaries weren’t scheduled for their events. Holderman IS expected to run in the mile and two mile events, while Edwards will enter the pole vault. Weber, Rankin Standouts Weber and Rankin not only qualified in their events, but also claimed the highest marks of the preliminaries in their specialties.
Weber’s heave of the shot put landed 49 feet, % inch away, a distance which topped the throws of Harris of Indiana, and Wisconsin's Paskvan. In the 220 yard low hurdles Dave Rankin finished first m his heat and also claimed the fastest time recorded for that event, which was 23.5 seconds. Although Michigan qualified almost the whole mass of their track squad, they left yesterday’s recordbreaking to Archie Harris, big negio from Indiana. Harris shattered the discus mark of 160 feet 10% inches with a heave of 166 feet, 5% inches. The former record was held by Watson of Michigan and was established only last year. Indiana Qualifies 13 Indiana, considered the most dangerous challenger to the Wolverine’s title, placed 13 in the finals, Wisconsin and Illinois 10 each; Ohio State, eight; Minnesota, seven; Northwestern, and Chicago, five each; and Iowa qualified two
Notices
No notice! will be accepted after 8 p. m. All Seniors: Who have accepted jobs are requested to advise the Personnel Service immediately (Phone 3406) In all fairness to classmates who are seeking employment, the senior who has a job should withdraw his name from the list of those desiring 1 ecommendations —WALTERS
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to. all present Juniors except Engineering-Law ; all present Sophomores except in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngineenngLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and DescripHon of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library —STONE (6-28) All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office —STEWART. (6-28)
Summer Session Students: All students planning to attend summer session are requested to file the special summer session application with the office of the Directoi of Admissions immediately —DAMMON Gimlets: The following men may obtain receipts for diploma fees and tickets at the Cashier’s office. Butterfield, Frazee, Martin, Ashton, Cooper, DeMars, Kanny, Morrison, Richardson, Williamson, Antonini, Berg, Houston, Insley, Hearne, Nevin, Frederick, McNeil, Swinney, Anderson, Fishburn, Strong, Beretta, Shackleton, Fisher, Swander, L. Johnson, Catterall, Mann, and Dunshee (5-28) —PERRIN All Students: Anyone knowing the present address of Charles Perkins please call me at 8444 —KNIGHT.
Pi Tau Sigma: Those who have paid for their composite picture may get it from Jane 'Templeton in GA’s office Seniors who have not received their plaques contact me before June 8. —EILERING
Final Exams: Please check the final examination schedule again to make sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your final exams Misreading of the schedule or failure to understand the final examination schedule are not considered sufficient causes to warrant a special examination Absence from a final examination will necessitate the recording of a failing glade m that course (5-28) —DEAN OF MEN Advanced Course Military Students: All students who have checked sabers from supply room will please return them not later than May 31. —HATTAN
Tau Beta Pi: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 25, at Rotary Park Meet in front of Union at 1 30 p m to arrange transportation —DUCKWORTH
All Students. Outing club is sponsoring a relaxation hike Sunday, June 2 Will leave the fire station at 3 p m for a hike and supper in Happy Hollow All interested please call Dwight Cooley, 66273 or John Dodds, 35293. —CORDUA ■'
Reamers' Please turn all leflector money in to Matthews by June 1 —BOHLIN
^aauMow Qjc JhiL, ChwudmSL.
University Presbyterian Church and Student Center Corner of Giant and North Sts. 9-30 a.m.—Discussion Class — Dr. Graves will lead discussion. 10:40 a.m.—^Worship and Preaching service at Central Presbyterian Church — Dr. Graham preaching. 4:00 p.m. Westminster club picnic. Meet at University Church at 4:00. Picnic will be held at agronomy soils farm.
~ Methodist Students 9:30 a.m.—Co-ed class at the Foundation. Subject: Summary of the lessons of the year. 9:30 a.m.—Men’s student class at the Church. Rev. McFadden -will speak on the message of Christianity for a world at war. 10:40 a.m.—Morning worship. Dr. Steele will preach. 5:00 p m.—Annual tree service at Battle Ground following a picnic supper. Cost 15 cents for supper, 5 cents for transportation. Return at 7:30 p.m. Prof. Prentice is to speak.
Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a.m.—Student class. Dean Fisher will teach with the International Sunday School lesson as the background. 10:40 a.m.—Morning Church service. Hubert I^eynolds will preach on the subject “Keep Growing.” This is the annual Rose Service in honor of the graduating seniors. 4'30 p.m.—Happy Hollow hike. Leave 126 Chauncey at 4:30 sharp. Program and food will be furnished. Return 7:30. All welcome
Christian Science Organization; There will be no more meetings this semester. Watch the Exponent at the beginning of school next fall for the announcement of the first meeting next year —KNIPP i
Tau Beta Pi Initiates; You can get your keys in the mam office of your respective schools —SQUIRES.
Westminster Club: Westminster Club picnic Saturday, May 25 at 4 p m Meet at church at 3 45 —THOMAS
Scrivener Pledges: There will be a meeting in the Union Saturday, May 25, at 5 p. m in room 308 Be there on time —RIEGLE.
PI A Board' The final meeting of the PIA board of the year will he held Monday, May 27. at 7 15 in the PIA office. The meeting will be short but please be present —MUSSER. <3
Plying and Glider Club Members: The following from both clubs on Baldwin’s ^committee will work with Ja> Craddock, to place and stake down all the aircraft. Chevedden, Hamprich, Kimball, Lingeman, Rothrock, Johnson, Reising, Atkinson, Hooley. Manning, wMker, Scott,' Lewis All others that have not been assigned to any committee will work with Craig Miller on the hanger clean-up Those who do not report for a work session will have to pay their clubs $1 00 Report as early after 9 a m. Saturday, May 25, as possiUe to the person in charge of the group you work with, and sign his wpj'k card —BALDWIN
PEW Riding: A mindmum of six rides is required for credit in horseback riding. Those who have missed rides may make them up between now and Saturday, June 1 Call Shultze, 36230, Purdue Riding School. —CHASE
Classified Ads
FOR SALE , \ FOR SAtiE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purebaaed. rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. Q. F. ElbersfaeS. 605 Main street. ' FOR RENT Wanted: Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year Write ^rdue Exponent, Box 226, Lafayette, Ind. c /o Circulation
New Skull and Crescent Actives: Before buying Skull and Crescent pots, contact L/fiius or Burkholder —LANIU3 (5-26)
Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions Min. $2.50 all night. Phone LOST AND FOUND Lost: Phi Kapp fraternity pin, near Military Dept. Call Stock. 2501 RewardY 4 > ^»w,yw«*«^v^»f
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sc^urdoy. May 25, 1940
JinuJi^ Jjcdk
Column itiyht
More Courses On Contemporary Subjects ... is the feeling we have after completing Gordon Enders’ course in Far Eastern Problems yesterday morning. The course was designed to give the students enough background material to allow them to evaluate the present situation. For those of us who knew little more than the fact that China and Japan were on the other side of the Pacific, Enders’ lectures provided broad basis for the drawing of conclusions regarding the policy of the United States in the Far East. One reason that the course was so well liked by the students was the fact that the lecturer was a man who has traveled all over the world and knows the Far East so well that he could interpret the current Oriental problems and attitudes with conviction. It seems to us that students are more apt to listen to someone who speaks from his wide background of experience rather than to someone who has never been in contact with the things he is speaking about. Enders made his course flexible enough so that when the European war became the center of world interest he was able to devote part o fhis time to the news from Europe. Here again, Enders, with his background as a World War I aviator, knew whereof he spoke. We would like to see more of these one semester lecture courses featuring speakers who command respect and interest by virtue of their work and experience. Strictly speaking, the University is a technical school, specializing in things scientific and industrial, but we believe that lecture courses in history, philosophy, and ethics have a definite place in the education of the scientists, engineers, and homemakers of tomorrow. We Could Say Congratulations ... to the new Debris staff, but being of contrary nature, we won’t. It’s the old staff to whom we wish to give our praise. While the rest of the campus is slapping the new officers on the back and shaking hands we turn to the forgotten men, to the ex-editors, with our congratulations. The staff of 1939-40 has put out a fine book, certainly bigger, and in our estimation, better than previous years. They lived up to their slogan of “Complete Campus Coverage,” and they gave us a permanent record of a great year in review. Then to top off their accomplishments they gave us a competent staff to fill their shoes in the coming year. To the old staff, then, we say “congratulations.” To the new staff, may we offer a suggestion. For years. Debris has been coming out in traditional, conservative style. And it has been a good yearbook, too. But for some reason students who are looking for something new get an awful letdown when they see the new book each year. They are expecting something “different” in the treatment of the photographic record of their college days. We suggest that more pictures be taken of the campus scene in general, more informal shots, and fewer activities shots. Some of the most interesting pictures we saw in the book were those taken at random and blocked in on the large P’s. To be new and different is to be radical. But being new and different means that you are thinking. It’s difficult to introduce new ideas and appear as a radical in the eyes of the more conservative, but we’d like to point out that progress is synonymous with new ideas. We offer this as a challenge to the new staff!
We were thumbing through the exchanges yesterday. Sort of a courtesy we go through before filing them in the waste basket. Right at the top of one page was . . . , * * * SCHOLARSHIP SECONDARY, COLLEGIAN SURVEY REVEALS. »: >): >l< Just goes to prove that we aren’t the only smart people in the world. We’ve been using that story on the old man for a long time. * * * The war is taking some queer twists these days. From the Daily Kansan we hear rumors of a seventh column. They are the boys that take to the hills when the shooting starts. * * * Now that school js almost over, we have been looking about for something to do with our spare Time. Best use we have devised as yet for it is to cover the holes in the soles of our shoes. + * if Time Marches On!
Purdue Exponent
K»terei H ■teondi elaaa iiUir Um poat aflUa I* 1mfayette, Indiana, under tlta act at CcnsrcM of March t. 1879, and at the aptelal tate Of postaKo provided for Ih lection 1108, act of October S, 1917, authorized Januorr 20, 1922. Publiahed daily except Monday during the resular academic year and weekly duriuir the SuaanMr Seeeion. Delivered locally by carrier for $0.00 per year, mail znb■cription $8.60. EdItor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manag-er Merle Hagemeyer Publicarion Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N, A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. I,. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. G>-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor , J. p. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. '
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Rmresentatives. 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Ochiltree Ass’t Night Editor, Amos Day Editor, Rose Saturday, May 25, 1940.
Alpha Phi Omega ... national service fraternity, announces the formal initiation of the following men: W. D. Southard, Indianapolis; M. C. Plummer, Memphis, Tenn.; W. L. Neal, Detroit, Mich.; W. H. Mansfield, Louisville, Ky.; R. B. Stecker, Leonia, N. J.; R. M. Thompson, Greencastle; C. W. Batholomai, Terre Haute; R. R. Cartmell, Hagerstown; W. L. Shalliol, Elkhart; E, W. McCullough, Lafayette; and B. L. Tormohlen, Portland.
Week-End For Air (Continued from page 1) the Union east entrance. At the banquet preceding the dance, Major James H. Doolittle, aviation director of Shell oil, will talk on “Blind Flying.” A film, “Conquest of the Air,” will accompany the speech. Other notables on the program include Major Charles E. Cox, sxipervisor of private flying development, and Captain Harold Neeley, district superintendent of CAA. Airline Stewardess Mike Murphy, famous stunt flyer, will talk on “Stunt Flying,” and Nadine Mueller, United Airline stewardess, will tell of her experiences in the air. Bill Greve, a member of the flying club, will act as toastmaster for the evening. Tomorrow’s air show, sponsored by Captain L. I. Aretz, manager of the University airport, will climax the week-end. The first event will be run off at 1 p.m. On the program will be Mike Murphy, performing in two ships, a Waco stunt plane, and a Curtiss specially rebuilt for acrobatic flying. Three parachute demonstrations will be given by Earl Stein, delayed jumper, and George Waltz, chief tester of Triangle Parachute company. Waltz will demonstrate a new type chute for the first time. Spot Landing A spot landing race for women pilots will make up another event. A “pants race” will be the outstanding novelty event of the afternoon. Participants will take off, fly to a certain spot, come back and land and remove their trousers. Then they will clamber back into the planes, fly back to l^e designated
spot and return to the field. This time pants will again be put on. The winner will be determined by bis dressing ability as well as for flying ability. Tickets for the meet will be availg able at the State street entrance ^o the airport preceding the meet.
Arm Will Replace Walters Next Year As Personnel Head Appointment of Prof. David L. Arm, of the school of Mechanical Engineering, to act as director of personnel for schools of engineering and science during 1940-’41 in place of Dr. J. E. Walters, permanent director of personnel, was made last night. Dr. Walters has been granted a leave of absence from July 1, 1940 to July 1, 1941 to direct personnel and industrial relations work for the Revere Brass and Copper company, with headquarters at the main plant in Rome, N. Y. A. P. Johnson will be associated with Professor Arm in handling this work during the coming year. Johnson has been promoted from the position of assistant to the director tc assistant director of the personnel division. Several Assistants Others who will be associated with Professor Arm in personnel work include J. N. Davis, assistant director, who devotes most of his time to the school of Science, and a half-time assistant yet to be named, H. W. Cope, University graduate, who has retired from business, and is a resident of Lafayette, will also serve as counselor for engineering students. A special faculty advisory committee, headed by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, has been named to serve for the division. Arm Promoted Professor Arm was recently promoted from assistant professor to associate professor. He was on the
intramural Department Opens New Picnic Grove Intramural office has recently opened a new picnic grove in the golf course and recreation area northwest of the Ross-Ade Stadium. A number of stoves, tables, and horseshoe stakes have been provided for the students and staff members’ families to spend an afternoon or evening this summer. A pump will be installed at an early date, but until then picnickers will have to bring their own drinking water, according to M. L. Clevett, Director of Intramural department. Reservations may be had by calling 2876, Intramural office.
faculty of Lafayette College seven years before coming to the University in 1937. Professor Arm has also had experience in industry, having been employed in the engineering departments of the Ingersoll-Rand Company, at Phillipsburg, Pa., and Pennsylvania Power and Light Company at Allentown.
Dr. A. W. Bitting Presents Gift To St. Francis Order Dr. Arville> W. Bitting, formerly of the school of agriculture, recently made a donation of a number of valuable antique books, furniture, and chinaware to the Sisters of St. Francis, who conduct St. Francis College of Lafayette and St. Elizabeth’s hospital. These gifts are from the collection made by Dr. A. W. Bitting and his wife, the late Kathrine Golden Bitting, for their residence here. Bill Martin's Orchestra Will Play For Last Mixer Bill Martin and his orchestra will play for the final Student Union Saturday night mixer of the school year tonight in the south Union ballroom, from 9 until 12. Jean Skinner and Frank Kuhn will do the vocals with Martin’s orchestra. The usual one dollar price of admission will prevail.
Robert 'Preston and Dorothy Lamour, teamed for the first time in Paramount’s Technicolor adven-ture-romance — “Typhoon,” which opens Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre.
MAY 1 2TH ISSUE NOW ON SALE
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Supplies
a Professional
"DEAC" Ev«rythin0 for ■ Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL..A. RISK DR.LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD..J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
a Florists
DR. A. M. IRION
Dorner's Flower Shop
DENTIST 119 '/z Vine W. Lafayette
Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Phone 4965
a Jewelers
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
R. C. EISENBACH
522 Main St. Phone 4781
Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Main St.
Lafayette, Indiana
CONGRATULATlOm BOILERMAKERS
and
COACHES for a successful season in Spring Sports ECONOMICAL SERVICE AT ALL TIMES Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama St. 24 Hour Service
Phone 4D48 After You We Come First
There Can Be Only One Winner At the Indianapolis Speedway there can be only one winner. . . Crown wins the approval of everyone who wants to improve his personal appearance. N Laundry ri M-E £ J^E A*'H E_R_S FIWE CLP TJ| E S
MB