By DjT^w I*earson aii4 Robert S. Allen Ar'anha Men If Vital ;Rib'^P^i^y Succeeds (JEditor’s Note — This week’s Brass Ring, good for a free ride on The Washington Merry-Go-Round, goes to Sumner Welles and Oswaldb Aranha, leading lights at the Rio Conference.) RIO DE JANERIO,' Jan. 16.—If this Pan-A^nerican conference suceeeds in lining up the Americas against the Axis—and with one exception it looks as if it will — Messrs. Hitler and Hirohito will have Undersecretary Sumner Welles and Brazilian Foreign Minister Aranha largely to thank. ■ These are the two men who have carried the ball, for a united PanAmerican war front, with President Vargas giving them potent lOh’.per cent support in the background. Strangely enough no two men could be more dissimilar. Oswaldo Aranha is an ex-gaucho from the cattle country of Brazil, accustomed to appearing at horse races with two revolvers strapped to his belt, and equally at home around a roulette table or a dinner in the, presidential palace. Undersecretary of State Welles, oh the other hand, had Roosevelt’s background of Groton and Harvard, had the same godmother as Eleanor Roosevelt, was a page at the Roosevelt’s wedding; and is an Anthony Eden edition of what the welldressed diplomat is supposed to look like. Underneath Ips somewhat austere exterior, however, SuiWner Welles is just as much the human being as Oswaldo Aranha, and together they make a perfect team of rcsoui’ceful, hard-hitting Hitler-Hi-rbhito haters. ■ • Father Of Good Neighbors Not many people realize it, but in South Ajnerica Welles is known as the father of Roosevelt’s Good Neighbor policy—^now recognized almost universally as the soundest foi’eign program put forward by any American president in half a century. It was Sumner Welles who, when (Continued on page 2)
Annual Banquet Terminates'42 Ag Conference Schricker, Barbharf Talk Qn Gonservafibn Befoire 350 Delegates Over 350 conservationists attended the ninth annual Sportsmen’s Banquet, held in the North Ballroom of the Union last night, which brought the annual Agricultural Cohfiprence to a close. Dr. H. J. Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture, served as toastmaster for the evening, The speakers of th e evening included Henry F. Schricker, Governor of the State of Indiana, Hugh A. Barnhart, director of the Department of Conservation, and M. B. Allen, of-the Westernv Cartridge Company. Schricker On Conservation Governor Schricker said that two hundred thousand dollars w,ere being spent on conseiwation in Indiana, and that ten times'that much would be a good investment for the government. He went on to say that Indiana was prepared for the eventualities of the present national emergency with her home guard, game wardens and fire wardens all cooperating in civilian defense. Barnhart asked that the conservation clubs throughout the state organize themselves more tightly and use their excess profits to purchase defense bonds. M. B. Allen gave an illustrated lecture on “Guns, Ammunition and Conseiwation.” The meeting was closed with the showing of the technicolor moVie “Wings to the North.” The afternoon progratn of the (Continued on page 4) Book Collection For Army Navy, Munitions Workers Starts In Lafayette Today Books for the use of soldiers and sailors Of the armed forces and the workers and families of munitions factories, wi,ll be collected, in West Lafayette and surrounding communities, today fay the members of the local Boy Scouts, library staff members and faculty wives. The types of books being collected are the following: fiction, technical, scientific, literature, history, biography and travel. It is permissable to write on the ..flyleaf, “Donated by (your name and address). Tippecanoe County’s quota is, ten thousand books. The national quota is ten million books. In order that the entire territory may be covered in the least amount of time as possible, the committee requests the books be ready for collection, d.l.g.
Physically Unfit? The Personnel Service has just receive^ a request for engineers who are disqualified from military service on account of inability to pass the physical exapiihations of the armed forces. In order/for the Personnel Service to, be of service to such persons, it is requested that they report immediately to Dr. Miller in the Health Service for examination. This opportunity is contingent upon the number of people available. The area comprises locations in or near Chicago, Milwaukee and Minneapolis. W. E. Vogler Director of Personnel
Qualifications for army aviation cadets in the future will be based on ability and' far less emphasis will be placed on educational requirements, according to an announcement received last night from the office of the Fifth Corps Area Recruiting Office, Port Hayes, Columbus, Ohio. Major changes brought about by the War Department’s revision of the aviation cadet requirements include: the adoption of a standard merit system of selecting officer candidates based on simple aptitude test instead of the previously required examination or college credit and the lowering of the age limits to applicants 18 to 26 years old, inclusive of 20 and 26. Married Men Too Married rpen as well as single men may apply if their dependents are self supporting and all applicants passed by the local examining board will receive immediate appointment and enlistment. All accepted trainees who wash out in their flight training will be placed in some other branch of the Air Force instead of being returned to
civilian life.
Screening Test All applicants will be given an aptitude “screening” test regardless of the amount of college they have had. Pqrpose of the test is to measure the applicant’s mechanical comprehension; his alertness to new developments in science, aviation, and military affairs, and his judgment in practical situations. Applications may be made at any Army Recruiting Office or with the Aviation Cadet Examining Board which will be on the campus from January 27 until February 3. d.e.b. Exponent Staff Schedules for coming semester are posted. Check your assignments as soon as possible.
—RUFFNER
In Defense Courses
Applicahts To Regilster In Service-Stores Now - Seniors in the engineering schools and underclassmen who plan on < dropping school at the end of the present semester are now eligible to enroll in night defense training classes being offered on the campus, according to an announcement received yesterday from Prof. C. W. Beese, director of the University defense training program. Although no: credit is given by the University for these night classes, scheduled in addition to the regular curriculum, certificates will be awarded to students who successfully complete the course. This specialized training is organized under authority of the United States office of education as a part of the national defense program and it is designed to serve an as introduction to industry for those who take the course. Variety Offered Classes will be offered in fundamentals of engineering drawing, production supervision, production engineering, pi’oductipn metallurgy, physical metallurgy and industrial safety on Monday and Wednesday evenings. On Tuesday and Thursday evenings, classes in direct current electrical engineering and alternating electrical engineering will be held. Although most of the classes stax'ted this wCek, applications will be received all of next week in the Seiwice and Stores building for the nine classes of the course. Additional Classes In addition to the classes already' in operation, courses will be offered in engineering mathematics, inspection of metals, applied X-rays and advanced engineering di'awing, if sufficient applications are received for these subjects. Sevel'al requests have been received for the inspection of metals course, according to Maurice Graney, local administrator of the program, but at least 16 applicants are needed before the course can be offered. This course includes a comprehensive survey of methods of inspecting metals with emphasis on the detection of imperfections, the determination of properties and the interpretation of results. Applicants for this course must have had a course in physical metallurgy or equivalent experience in industry,
d.e.b.
Mixer Feafures Les Brown In Union
FLASH... Carole Lombard In Plane Crash Last night at 7:30 a TWA liner crashed and burned about 35 miles south of Las Vegas, New Mexico. Among the 19 passengers aboard the plane were Carole Lombard and her mother. Miss Lombard had been in Indianapolis on Thursday, aiding in the selling of Defense Bonds at the State'War rally and was on her way back to California when the crash occurred. The plane; was missed about 30 minutes after leaving LaS Vegas. Miners in the district reported seeing a fire and hearing an explosioh. Searching parties were immediately sent out, but because of the rough terrain they are not expected to reach the scene for quite a few hours.
For New Semester
Actual Rushing Begins - Tomorrow Morning At 9 Registration for second semester coed rush will open at 10 a.m. this morning in the great hall of the Union and will continue until 1 p.m. this afternoon. All coeds desiring to go through this rush period must register and p^ay a two dollar fee. Rushing will start after 9 a.m. tomorrow morning. No invitations are to be issued before this time according to the rules of the panhellenic council. Rush will be informal with no rules as to the number of kinds of parties that each house may have. Over In A Week The rush period will continue until Saturday, January 24, at p p.m. when all rushing functions must be brought to a close. 'Pledging willbe permitted any time during the
rush period.
Band Comes Directly From Bluckhmk; No Change In Regular Admission Prfe# Les Brown and his orchestra will play for an informal in both ballrooms of the Union tonight from 9 to 12 p.m. Brown comes directly from the Blackhawk Restaurant in Qiicago where he has just completed a four-month engagement. Even though this is .the most expensive band booked so fi&r this school year, the price of admission will remain at ' 'i-ii I i.i —... Featured with Brown’s
orchestra will be Nat Polen qii ijie drums and Abe Most on the^^ clinlnet and sax. Brown will also f^turfa himself on the saxaphone, Hani^lhB the vocals will be Ralph Young arid
Betty Bonney.
Band Of The Month Brown, who was recently picked as the band of the month by Mrisic and Rhythm, musical riiagazihe, started his career with piano lessons at the age of eight. At iiirie he began playing his father’s soprano saxaphone and gave uR the piano. He continued his music through high school. In 1926 he entered the Ithaca, N. Y. Conservatory of Music, where he received his first taste of harmony, arrariging, composing and other technical subjects. From Ithaca Les went to Cornwall, N. Y., as a student ,in the . New York Military A^de^y and there continued his band Iriading activities. . In 1932 Brown entered Duka Uidversity, where he joined a banR.directed by Nick Laney, a football player. In 1934 Laney left jthri band and Les took over. In Brown took his band north-to plriy at Budd Lake, N. j., for the Supimer. After a rather unsuccess^tl season the band broke up. in the fall of 1937 and Brown retrimfid to
Annual Road School Will Open Four Day Conference Monday Twenty-eighth annual road school will be held on the campus next week from Monday through Thursday. Many of the subjects scheduled for this year’s program deal directly with emergency war matters affectipg our highways. Ben H. Petty, professor of highway engineei’ing at the University, has announced that some of the subjects that will be found on the progi'am are: “The Effect of Priorities on Highway Improvement,” “What Maneuvers are /Teaching us about Military Highways” and “Planning for the Post War Period.”
Three Sessions
There will be three general sessions during the four-day period and separate sessions will be held for city engineers, state highway men, county road supervisors and county
surveyors.
Monday’s program includes a smoker in addition to the regular sessions. The entire general session Wednesday morning will be devoted to a presentation of reports on the
Priorities To School
Book Exchange Sale Executive Conference
Receipts Total $2300 Money Ready Today
findings of the Joint Highway Re- New York. After a rather dikSp-: search Project. President Edward pointing summer in the bigy:<^y,; C. Elliott Will serve as toastmaster Brown returned to Chicago khd at the banquet Thursday night, formed his present orgattl^ritibri Governor Henry F. Schricker wiff which began to click in Febrain^, give an informal address, and Wal- 1939. j.d.s. - j'.;
ter H. Blucher, director of the American Society of Planning Of-
ficials, will speak. Traffic Meeting
A special traffic meeting will be held Tuesday morning for traffic and city engineers. This meeting will discuss problems of handling city traffic and parking. Because of the emergency, the annual exhibition of road equipment has been temporarily discontinued. p.g.h. .
Prof. V. Alhjerg
Something New Has Been Added
Sponsor Original Dress Contest
By Jean Lauer Something new has been added to the Applied Design Department of the university ... an opportunr ity; for the coeds taking costume illustratiop coui'ses to break into the, commercial dress-designing field. Since this is an opportunity of vital interest to all girls in the clothing option, it is not limited to girls enrolled in A.D. 53 and 54, the costume illustrations courses, at the present time, but Js extended to any coed in the University who has taken these coui'ses in the past. Alan Offers Prizes This opportunity is in the form of an original dress design contest sponsored by the Design Department in coopei’ation with Alan’s Store in Lafayette. Alan Cahen of Alan’s Store desires original deSiigns for any type of garment suitable for summer wearing apparel, such as sport dresses, afternoon dresses, formals, summer suits, and play suits, and is awarding cash prizes of $16, $10, and $6 for the best three designs. Five honorable mentions will also be awarded.
The designs, wfaich must all be in junior styles and sizes, will be submitted to St. Louis dress designers for approval. Those which seem to have the most possibilities will then be made either by the girl herself or by someone else if she wishes. Style Show A style show will be held in which all garments will be modeled either by the girl who designed and made the garment or by the model for whom the dress was constructed. The final judging and the awarding of prizes will take place at this time. Each girl may submit as many sketches as she choosfes. These preliminary sketches must be submitted for criticism to'Miss Ruth Austin, instructor in costume illustration and design, who will check on such items as kind of material, kind of trimming, all details of construction, colors, de"8ig!n^oT-.mater-ial, and general effect the garment is to create, February 8-—Deadline Preliminary sketches' must be considered by Miss Austin before February 8, and finishe4 sketches
must be ready for inspection by Alan Cahen not later than February 14. Those selected will be sent to St. Louis for inspection and elimination by dress designei-s there, and will be returned in one week with their criticisms. Each gii’l must furnish her own material for the construction of the dress, which will then belong to her. All di’esses must be finished and approved by Miss Austin not later than tlu’ee days before the style show is given, which will probably be around the middle of March. Winning Designs . ' , Cahen hopes to have the winning designs made up by St. Louis manufacturers, and include these garments in Alan’s summer merchandise. If possible, these winning garments will be featured in Mademoiselle and Women’s Wear Daily. Similar contests sponsored at Washington University in St. Louis have resulted in, excellent breaks in the design field for many students; it is possible that design students of this University may also receive thelf start in the commercial field by means of this contest.
Student Book Exchange will begin paying out for books, which have been sold at 10 a.m. today. To receive their money those whose books have been sold should bring the receipts. Selling will be continued until 5 p.m. next Tuesday. The Exchange will not be responsible for books of money not collected before Friday, Jan. 23. Books in biology 1, agriculture, English 32, speech 1, psychology 1, sociology 75, PEW 61, economics 1, and general engineering 32 books and' in the, advanced technical courses are still needed. Since selling began Jan. 14 the exchange has sold about 1,300 books, bringing the total receipts to about $2,200. a.l.w. Alberl Palmer To Speak Before Methodist Meeting Dr. Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, is to be the guest speaker at ,'the Methodist Church, tomorrow evening. All Students may attend the recreation program which begins at 5:30 p.m., before hearing Dr. Palmer speak at 6:30. Dr. Palmer received his B.L. degree from the University of California, his B.D. from Yale, and has received degrees from Olivet College, Boston University, and Pacific School of Religion. Since 1930 he has been president of the Chicago Theological Seminary. Dr. Palmer has written a number of books, and has traveled in Europe, Palestine, and the Orient, a.l.w.
Public school officials attending a conference on “Priorities of School Supplies” held at the University yesterday afternoon received a full explanation of a recently issued order of the 0PM which helps educational institutions to obtain repair, maintenance, and operating supplies from James Driscoll, of Chicago, 111., field representative of the priorities division. Office of Production Management. Driscoll pointed out to the 100 delegates that under the new oi’der, known as the P-IGO, properly designated school authorities can obtain a priority rating of A-10 by simply endorsing a statement of the supchase ordei' (o the pi'oducer or supplier signifying that the materials are for maintenance, repair, or operating supplies. Honor System “It is not necessary to register with the 0PM for this type of material,” explained Driscoll. “It operates as more or le* of an honor
system.”
He pointed out, however, that materials needed for .expansiph purposes' require a special order made direct to Washington, and that applicatiops . for materials. for new construction must be made by letter showing why the critical supplies are necessary. , A. B, Good, business manager of the Indianapolis Public Schools, acted as chairman for the afternoon session. An address of welcome by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, preceded Driscoll’s discussion. “Inquisitors” R. B. Stewart, University controller, led the presentation, by Driscoll, of the “inquisitors” including Walter Squires, purchasing agent and building supervisor, Rich(Continued on page 4;)
WBAA Will BroadU^ 'Lady Novelist' Todi^ “Lady Novelist,” a satire written by Sonya R. Williams, vrill be presented this afternoon by Radib Stage, WBAA’s weekly drairiatiC program. : ’ Larry Myers, Radio Stage director will produce the show, which depicts what might go on in the private life of a successful woman novelist and her professor husband* The cast includes Tom McCrum, Sally Murfey, Dorlas Tribble, Dick Kohls, and Walter Butz, sound di-
rector.
. . . and Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history department, inaugurated' a series of courses on “World Events Leading up to the Entry of the United States in the Present War,”
in conjunction with a War Depart- Q ment Directive. The military staff * * *
of the University is attending these series of classes after school hours in the Armory. Two classes have al-
... of the chemistry department has been selected by the American Society for Testing Materials to
ready been held this week and work on its advisory committee* He events from 1938 up to and includ- will deal with work on the chemical ing the Battle of Poland were dis- analysis of materials for which he cussed. has gained much recognition.
Swap Bridge Games For Welding Torcll
By Charlotte Hass Exchanging the welding torch for the knitting needle, 38 women enrolled in a special defense training course that was launched at the University this week. . Six nights a week, the welding shops in heavilon Hall on the campus are glowing with activity in an all-out training'effoSi, but it is on Tuesday and Thursday nights that the feminine element deserts the bridge table to concentrate on the inti'icacies of both oxy-acetyl-ene and electric arc welding operations. 12 Week Course Prof. R. W. Lindley, of the general engineering department, in charge of alLthe shop courses, declared that the women who satisfactorily complete the 12-week course will have sufficient basic knowledge so that with a comparatively small amount of additional training in industry they would be able to go into light production welding work. The current class, which will
probably be increased, is tnadri up of 15 coeds, 5 staff members, 18 University clerks. The Claris meets twice a week from 7 to 9 p.im with instruction pro'vided by regular staff members. Men’s Classes Too In addition to the women's class, two men’s groups, each of pupils, keep the welding shops busy the other four nights a "week as a part of the vocational trairi* ing work for which funds are provided by the federal governrrierit. Although the men’s classes are full at, the present time, and there is a waiting list of 40 men for the next classes to be inaugurated. Prof, Lindley advises that all interested in the course make their applicatioh in advance in order that they may be certain of consideration. Another vocational class in machine shop, with an enrollment, cd 20 men, meets 6 days a week from 4 to 10:30 p.m. The cOui'se, designed principally for the lathe erators, covers a Iff-wriek peri^ and will prepare students fori tory production jobs. c.f.h.“ii^; ', '
Purdue
' Oneht ' v.'-rt, i.vj! •^ Satui^dayf Jdnutiry
19®': i*-fy
^r^'Pcarson
Robert S, Allen
eiasatsm «0
(Continued from page 1) H%K Cdminissiciier to the Dominican Re’()ublie way far back in the Coolidge Administration, persuaded Charles Evans Hughes, then Secretary of State, to withdraw the Marines. This was the first step in get/fing iri SV troops out of the Carib':ltean area, always a source of suspicion to every La tin-American narion. ■ It was Welles who wrote the famous Central Ameritah treaties vdiirihg the Coolidge AdministraT 'tioh by which revolutionary govhnimehts were denied recognition, itis purpose was to prevent upstart inilitar}' leaders from seizing control of the banana republics every few iponths. However, , neither the Central Americans nor Calvin Coolidge were quite ready for this advanced stage of peace arid good neighborliness, with the. result that Welles resigned, andiCoolidge sent the Marines back to Nicaragua. Welles waited patiently all during the Hoover Administration toward the end of which he put in a lot of political punches for the elec‘tioii of his boyhood friend Franklin Roosevelt. And not generally known is that Welles chiefly wrote the foreign affairs planks in the Democratic platform adopted at tlie 1932 Chicago convention. Welles’s record for . constantly pounding the Good Neighbor .policy needs no further’' review here. Blit this week at Rio de Janerio he reached: the climax of his ambitions —the attempt to create a united front against all the dictators by all the‘Americas.: • B'esf Friend Of USA Oswaldo Aranha, Welles’s copartner in this ambition, is the son of a wealthy cattle-rancher. He was educated at a military school, spent fiye^.’years fighting in Braz.ilian revolutions—most of the time in, the saddle—and has a heel partly shot away plus a bujlet still . lodged in his shoulder to show for it. if?:-: . Aicanha; was the ni.ihtary leader i of ffieyevdiuiionary army of 1930 w'hich made Getuilo Vargas Pres- ■ i^ont of Bfazif, and won for Henry L.’ Stimeon the nickname ' “Wrong Horse Harry.” Stimson, t'Keh Secretary of State, bet on the'wrong horse and sent U. S. 'plliiies- to support the regime wnicft Aranha defeated. Aranha spent four years in 'WasHington, where as Ambassador he got to know the U. S. A. as few other' envoys. He took a motor trip to the West Coast, went to the Kentucky Derby ■with Jim Farley (where, incidentally, he won $1,500) visited with all softs of people from Herbert Hoover to John L. Lewis, and even attended the conventions of the Democratic and- Republican parties. Che of his descriptions of the conVehfiohs is still remembered in Washington. “At Cleveland,” said Aranha, “th’e Republicans promised Santa Glaiis to both the rich and the poor, while at Philadelphia, the Democrats promised Santa Claus to the poor with ■‘the rich hian’s' htbney.” Ousted Nazi Ambassador Ever since his four years in Wa.shihgtop, Aranha has been kno'W's as the chief friend of the ILJ. S. A. below, the Rio Grande. He has deserved that title; for sometimes in the face of toiigh political sledding .at .home. and rebuffs even from his
alleged friends in Washington, he has stuck by the United States. Once when he was invited on a special visit to Washington, President Roosevelt went off'on a fishing trip and kept Aranha waiting for a, full month without even inviting him to lunch, Roosevelt has thrown all sorts of fancy pairties for Princess Juliana of Holland, Princess Martha of Norway and other royalty. But Sumner Welles had to put the bee on him before he would make a definite date for luncheon with the Foreign Minister of Brazil. But nieaiTwhile, Aranha,,;always loyal to his friends, ' notified the' Nazi ambassador to Brazil that he could: not come back to Rio, aefually had him taken off a boat at Lisbon and sent back to Berlin. Simultaneously, Aranha uncovered Nazi correspondence showing that German Ambassador Dieckhoff in Washington was head man for all Nazi subversive activity in the Western Hemisphere. No one knew it, blit it was his discovery which led to the outsing of Dieckhoff and the recall of U. S. Ambassador Hugh Wilson from Berlin. Aranha carries great weight with every Latin American foreign minister, and today he is the man who is doing most to line up the Americas officially and emphatically against Hitler and Hirohito. • Merry-Go-Round WASHINGTON—Diplomats who were not anxious to travel by air to the Pan-American Conference in Rio de Janeiro, decided to sail on the S. S. Argentina January 2, arriving in Rio January 14, This 'was why the date of the Conference was fixed for January 15. A feiv days later the Navy'took over the S. S. Argentina, so the delegates traveled 6,000 miles by air . . . Soviet Ambassador Litvinoff is relying on nlillionairess Mrs. Joseph E. Davies, aunt of Barbara Hutton, to arrange the guest list for his first big reception. Mrs. Davies is giving him the list which she prepared for the reception to the 48 governors at the third inauguration of F. D. R Jack Sparling, artist for the comic strip “Hap Hopper,” an^l A1 Capp, of “Li’l Abner’? fame, arfe doing special Defense Bond strips as their bit for the Treasury . . . Coijjmdr. Walter Winchell, of columnar and radio fame, gave $40,000 to charities in one week —- $10,000 to the Navy Relief Society, $5,000 to China Relief, $5,000 to F. D. R.’s birthday fund, and $5,000 to the Red Cross. (Copyright,. 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Lt. Colons! W. Millice Receives Promotion Lt. Col. Willard F. Millice, BS ’23, recently received his silver leaf insignia clenotinK his promotion to the rank of executive officer ip, the Wheeled 'Vehicle department of the Armored Force School at Fort Knox, Kentucky.. Col. Millice, who majored in chemistry, was a member of the advanced ROTC course. He has been in’ Ihe Army for the past 19 years, and is a graduate of the Army’s Command and General Staff school. The Armored Force School is' the training center for: the thousands of technicians needed to maintain the equipment of the “blitz” divisions of the Arm-
ored Foi'ce.
Now Is The Tim& *‘7 Fbrfltst eni'b'U^'d in tHe
Uiiiv^er^ity ol'ganizatfon S’ askfiig
]^Sivfe!;''awa;^<' soiile of asking (IS to buy some more as is the usual , custom. The American Library Association, with the help of the Red Cross and the USCr is^ directing a nationwide Victory Bbpk'campaign to collect booke for men in all branches* of miliitary service. The qupta for this community is 10,000, and collectors will canVass Tippe-
cahod'county'toddy; ’V , ' '
. At the suggestion of the Student 'War Council, officials directing the lobaV ikj'ive also hdVe a'gfeefl 'to' canvass' 'fraternities, sororities, cooperative house; and residehce halls'. These organizations should have many books which they could: contribute to this effort to make life a little more' agreeable Jor po.en, in
the Service. We'know that many fratefnitife^’ , '■ "ah'd SOrofitieS"have''large libtdrieS'iri'iwhich '(-y iindst:6f''th.p bbbks' dire o'My Jbti'eii'ed*'l^^ tbie' pledgiS'Wbb; i'S assigned to dusting them off, if theV are dusted at all. These books could bp put to much metter use. in USOr houses».varmy day rpoms, ships, naval bases, and camps.. Of eodrse, it’s going to leave some vacant space in the house library,'‘but wouldn’t itibe much bbtter to have vacant book shelves in ,a fraternity or sorority than in an army canip ? ! ' Many soldiers are asking fdr technical I books'to help them : in -their army or navy training, and fiction, bibgraphy, and history wili help paSs off hours. We hbpe that PuSrdue students and faculty members wiil cboperate fully in this drive and contribute,as many books as possible.
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
HpioJUng^, jj^ dxiA.
Nniiaa-
-OABOl^
-awofi
“Here We Go Again” is the up and coming theme song of those people who are taking advantage of this war to accomplish the same thing- they did the last war. There is a lot of talk about repealing the 21sl amendiiient of the Constitution which repealed the isth. If they start prohibition again—we?re going to start a “Susan B. Anthony” movement for the men. Our motto will be—the men’s place is not in the kitchen o-ver a sink of dirty dishes; nor (as the army so politely puts it) on Kitchen Police. * —a— Personally we don’t see the point in cutting out that terrible carbo-hydrate liquid with one molecule of hydroxide. (Unless they’ve run out of ways * to tell when you’re over 21—everyone will soon have a draft card!) The Germans drink,a little rum before going into battle; and the Japs take a shot of dope;-so what are -ive to do? Vitimin tablets will never do—it says here." , Last night -ive -vyere shocked to pick up the paper alid not find the usual headlines “British Fall Back Before Japs”; “MacArthur’s Force Repulses Attack”; “Reds Claim New Gains'.” The new difference
was “Bi'itish ‘Contact’ Japanese; on Thai Border”-— if the English had wanted to “contact” the Japs before—all they would have had* to do would be to stop in any drug store and for a nickel they could haire called the whole Jap army—^by the time the operator asked what number please, the Japs would already be in the sam^ town. What this column needs is a good priority rating. It has been rumored with this shortage of petroleum —we might not be able to get our supply of grease to put on our gears—so the. new slogan is—keep ’em rotating! ' ' Just one month from today—we will have .signed up for that national lottery and ’ we don’t mean “Whose going to win the ppt-of-gold award?” liVe will really be getting popular by then—with our names on the FBI lists, the Dies Committee list, the Social Security list, the who-yote,d-for-Wilkie list, and the University’s scholastic-pro list!, r.t.e.
P'' ■Ik
It
■H’
“It is fanny, come to think of ft—^here haven’t Ifeon any j raid alarms, but our husbands have been out every night air-warden duty.”
Kneale
Health* Ser¥ice
WAA Sports Parade for the second semester announces a full program for this next Week with callouts for five winter activities. Copies of the new Sports Parade calendar, revised to meet the change in University schedule are now available at the Women’s Gym. —WAA— Basketball callout will be next Monday at 4 p.m. Regular practices will be held every Monday, Wednesday and Friday thereafter from 4 to 6, and "two practices are required for play on a house team. It’s still not too late to get into the course for girls interested in officiating , at the WAA basketball games. ■ -WAA— ' Ping-pong and shuffleboard callouts will also be held next Monday at 4, p.m. All girls are’eligible,' and ■Instructioh will be given in the finer and less fine points of these two sports. Regular practice periods will be Monday, 'Wednesday and Thursday, and two practices arc required for participation In tournament play, which will begin in the middle of February. Ping-pong contests will be singles, and doubles matches will be played in shuffleboard. Evelyn Schuber is in charge Of these two activities. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISER!^
G. W. Dicks, Eng. ’45, and J. W. Swantz, ME ’44, entered .St. Elizabeth Hospital last Tuesday for medical treatment; and J. C. Loshbuugh, Eng. ’45, entered Home Hospital for surgical treatment. Elizabeth Hagener, Sci. ’45; Betty Marriott, HE ’46; Elizabeth Elliott, HE ’44; Gcorgella Stewart, HE ’45; Lois, Veit, HE ’44; .Frances Wilbur, HE ’45; Barbara Mann, HE ’45; and Betty Purcell, HE ’45, were admitted to the WRH infirmary :f or medical treatment. ' Last Wednesday .D. H. Stalnaker, Eng. ’45, entered, St. Elizabeth Hospital for surgical treatment; and JV F. Kehl, Eng. ’45, and RI E. Newlin, ME ’43, were admitted for medical treatment. Engineering Surveys ... is the title of a neW textbook written by Prof. George E. Lommel and Prof, M-. W. Todd of tlie Civil Engineering School together with Prof, riai'.ry Rube5' of the University of Missouri. The first of three volumes takes up elementary surveying, the second, elementary and applied, and the third, route surveys. The books, published by the MacMillan Company, are a new approach to this phase of undergi'aduate training. •
Art Exhibit' Will Feature Photographs, Paintings Two art exhibits, one a, project of the Illinoi.s Ai't and Craft Pror ject of the 'WPA, and the other by the Farm Security Administration,will be on display in the Union dur"ing the next two weeks. Original paintings of the various periods in histoj'y, part of the Index of American Design, will make up one exhibir. This exhibit will be. located in the puttering shops, and will be shown for ten days. The Farm Security Administration’s galler'y will be shown in the music room for two weeks. It will consist of photographs of rural life, taken by people on WPA rolls.
. . . eo-oj> house, announces the election of Joe T. .Youngblood, president; Kenneth Doversberger, vice president and secretary; Damon .Shelton, treasurer; William Garlic, purchasing agent; Willies Bredlow., house manager; Paul Eckler, work manager; Donald Goodwell, kitchen mana.ger; Joseph Wiggins, social chairman; William McClure, educational chairman; and John Juengst and Donald Goodwell, judicial committee.
learn to dance CLASSES OPEN FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN BEGINNERS Wed., [an. 28, 7:30 p. m. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED Thufs., [an. 29, 7:30 p. m. PHONE 2150 , ALLEN’S :6.h :in<l Ferry
Everything for a College Education . DEAL’S ■ ■
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTJStS ' 400-404 Sehultx Bldg. 4th'and Main'St. ' LafayNt^
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
PwuiusL £xp0fbmL All-American 1940-^41
I ■■ ,'f ■ I
Entered as second cla.ss matter at the, p^t office in Lafayette, Tndiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate W postage provided for in- section 1103; act of October 3, 191Zi authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during Hie regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor'in-Chief . News Editor. . Sports Editor..
Ned A. Ochiltree Husiness Manager ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
.......Don S. Powers ..Iceland W‘. Rutfher Rutii Rose
Publication Staff Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Bropliy, , It. L. Hadley, F. 1. Jones, K. H. Kioper. Sports Staff: 0. 'l\ Clark, J, D. Frast-r. J. S. Keelerl Coed Staff : Mary K. Iloynton, Alico Chatfield, Jane Hamsdell. Associate Editors
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Sieas; Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. B. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. ' Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances I.loyd, Julia Martin. '
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M„ 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Sditur: Ochiltree, Hunter Uu}- Kditur: Chatlicitl iMUC Bditur: Uruphy , NiBlit Sports Editor: Kriegery/
Workers: Wickurd, Smith, Ueall. HofVmun, Soloway, Ford, liuU. Glaspio, Sea!'/:o, Hass, Shapiro, Tyson, Martindoll, Sowards, Hri’wer.
BOB VERA ViaOR WE* ZORINA *M0QRg
- LAST TIMES TODAY - LLOYD NOLAN IRENE HERVEY IN "MR. DYNAMITE" AND THR^ MESQUITEERS IN PALS OF THE PECOS' also
"JUNGLE GIRL" Serial Latest PATHE NEWS
SMARTS MIDlNifE PREVUE TONITE
One of the Great Hits of Aliy Year! -re rTTervr'ro-e-yvtry rrry* > » ' The Lady with a Devil In Her ! A bride’s Stir* rlngfightagalnst the teinptaiti61i$ that lured her husband from; her side! ; WIILIAM DIETERU, PRODUCTIOH
Edward ARNOLD Walter HUSTON Jane DARWELL Simone SIMON Gene LOCKHART Joiin aUALEN « and Anne SHIRLEY James CRAIG — TODAY — KAY KYSER IN PLAYMATES
.(■ I
Patr.qnize. Exponent Adveriisers
with WALTER PIDGEON MAUREEN O'HARA Donald Crisp - Anna Lee Starts TODAYoilermaker Racqueteers Will
Teams Here Mlay
' '' j- m s./f:
(mMlWi
\
Matmen Train
Freshman Callodt Set Fe^ Jkiesday
'f
I’anuary 17, t942L
l, ^ *y. M ^■- JV
Charles Caress By Dave Shryer » One of the outstanding members of Coach Piggy Lambert’s 1942 cageis IS Charlie “Red” Caiess. Yet on the court this quiet, poker faced lad becomes one ojWihe fieicest fighting players on the court. Charlie has the knack of getting in and sinking these almost impossible shots which do so much toward liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiig I Dr. A. M. Irion 1 I — DENTIST — I S 119 Vi Northwestern Awe. = 1'' '’Phohe 49^5 ' 1
Caiy HaU Ten Wins Class A Basketball Led by Wilbur i,iantz, who scored four field goals and a free throw for nine points, Cary Hall 10 annexed the Halls ’ class “A” basketball crown by defeating Gary Hall 11, i22-20, Thursc^j nigbt. The final victors lia(|_ previously' defeated Cary Hajl i4in tJlie semi-hnals, and the runner-ups had kpocked out Cary Hall 4. ' ^ ~ ^ Lantz,) the manager for Caiy H^ll' 10, \^as^ bested one' fioint in scoring by Geprge Singer, who scorbd five baskets for 10 points for Cary Hairil in the'cloSfe contest. Fresh'ma^li’tr^k managers callout: Meet in’ RoW rD4,,of the Fieldhouse Tuesday at 4:15. ‘ - CLOTJSER I '■■■ ■ ■ steadyjn'g' a team and unnerving their opppnen.ts. ^ , Charlie haljs from 'pne of the chief center^ oT Ipdiana basketball. Bedford, the' l\ome oi’ tbe Stonecutters, is where be got his start on a brilliant b^asketball career. Chaidie w'as a key player on the Bedford ^quad which went to the state finals in 1938 only to lose out to a stiong Hammond quintet. Bill Torphy, who now plays a lot of basketball for Indiana’s Hoosiers, was a teammate of Charlie’s in high school. Charlie, a senior in the school of Physical Education, is completing his thiid yeai as a member of the Riveter varsity. His biggest thiill took place over at Champaign-Ur-bana in 1940 when the Boilermakers came fiom behind in the closing minutes to whip the Ilhni and cop the Big Teh title. Though he has i cached the age of twenty-one, Charlie has not yet been summoned by Uncle Sam. He is a membei of the Gimlet and PMen’s clubs, and he resides with his brothers at the Sigma Chi fraternity house. When asked who led his favoute dance band, Chailie ansr-^eied, “Millei, by far.”
TOO MAMY CODKS . .
Too many bills, like too many cooks can spoil things for you. If you want to keep your expense account down, get the Union Habit. In the Union you can meet all your friends. Bowl, Read, Putter, or joe — all within limits’ of your pocketbook.
JPUL (pJUAdwL Tyijm&dcxL ^huikL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
(Editor’s Note: Going to bat for Phil Johnson, the Gestapo’s regular
hgent, is Ted Gllark, ass^ociatd sports editor.) iP’’ Consider The Poor iadgers *
We focus our attention upon Wisconsin’s beautiful campus up at Madison where small talk—if it may be called that—now concerns the malfortUne of the Badger basketball team that resides ignominiously in a
tie with Michigan for seventh place in the Big Ten.
Wisconsin has won one game—that from the hapless Maroons of Chi-
cago—and dropped three.
During a corresponding period of 1941, Coach Bud Foster’s lads were hotter than a case of firecrackers on a St. Louis Fourth of July. The Daily Cardinal, Wisconsin student publicatipn, suggests that if the Badgers would really get mad, get up some steam and stop playing on last year’s reputation, everything would be “sympatica.” The Cardinal columnist, Don Olmsted does a commendable job of exai^ining the situation and further intimates that he and his co-workers are not alone in their opinion. Indeed, the entire student body has taken that outlook,
says Don.
► Woii^f' Throw fn The Towel Yet It would not be fair to say that Wisconsin students are apathetic about their cage team. It would not even\be ^gical to say such a thing, for the Badgers won the Western Conferenee championship in 1940-41 and' also took the NCAA against some of the best opposition in the country. However, apathy might easily develop out of the situation as it now
stands.
If you will remembei last year’s edition of the Cardinal and White lost to Minnesota in the first confei’ence game of the campaign and were never defeated afterward. The Badgers just couldn'’t miss when capable Bud Foster had Gene Englund, master tip-in artist, Chaidey Epperson, Johnny “Hodag” Hotz, Ted Stiain and others. It was toward the end of the season that some clever sportscaster sat down to his “mill,” reverted to literary allusion and said Wisconsin hoped thex’e would always be an
Englund.
Sad-to relate, the Wisconsinites discovered there definlte^y would not always be an Englund. They found that out this season, to their eveilasting dismay, after Wisconsin went through three dejfeats minus the clever Gene. The 1941-42 edition also takes the floor sans guai’d and superb flooi man, Ted Stiam, but that loss is not as keenly felt. Cardinal Gridders Falter, Too But lo get back to the possibility of student apathy over a losing hardwood season: Hariy Stuhldreher’s football team of the past autumn provoke moie than a little sour comment fiom students and alumni. Badger football rooteis were as disgruntled at the close of their schedule as weie Boilelmakei supporteis We at Pin due complained because our eleven had no scoring punch, but Mai Elward’s fighting clan did have an iion-bound defense that saved or won many a game. Wisconsin, it is true, did have an offense, but the Badgei crew had no semblance of a defense. In fact, their defense was sicker than the Riveter offense. And you must admit that is plenty sick. ^ To date the Fostei-coached quintet has not only recorded a big thiee on the red ink side of the ledger, but has seoied only 175 points in foui games—that’s almost 44 per game, which is better than it sounds—as against 166 points foi opponent scoring. This despite a total of 56 maikeis racked up at the expense of Chicago, weak sister of the conference . . . and the Maioons only made 24 digits. So things just aren’t so rosy foi the Caidinals
3 For Meet With Findlay Squad A week from today, the Boilermaker wrestling squad makes its second semester debut against the squad of grapplers from Findlay College on the home mats. Although Findlay College isn’t a veiy sizeable school, it has been known to turn out some pretty agile athletic teams. Another interesting fact concerning the Findlay wrestling squad is that their coach, Lee Gi'aves, is a former fioilermaker football player, having been a member of the Boilermaker grid squad
in the years 1936-37. Findlay Meet Near
Although the me^ with Findlay is but a week away. Coach Reeck’s list of men to represent the Riveters against the Ohioa,ns is perfectly white and clean, in other words the coach hasn’t picked a team yet; however, there is some eiyiellent material to choose from, and the team will probably be picked from the following list of men: in the 121 pound class, Mickey MacDonald and Lloyd Boyd; in the 128 pound class, Casey Fredericks, captain of the team and holder of both the Big Ten and A.A.U. championships foi; his weight, and Dara Sekban; in the 136 pound class, Mark Matovina; in the 145 pound class, Warren Gregory and Bob Britt; in the 165 pound class, Jim Paratore and Roger Claseman; in the 165 pound class, Velmar Davis and Joe Hlinka; in the 175 pound class, Warren Evanston and W. Thompson; and in the heavyweight division, Italo Rossi and Frank Rug-
ger i.
Big Ten Teams Follow Following the match with Findlay College next Saturday, the Boilermakers take on quite a contingent of Big Ten teams, and lead up to the conference championship
Steady Frosty
By Bob
M. L. “Chief” Clevett’.s Boilermaker vattinf will take on a pair of teams from (iulver Military this afternoon on the Fieldhouse court. ' ' / The first match, which is scheduled to get under i 2:30, will feature a six man team composed of Culver of as the Riveters opposition. Goldstein, MacMillan, Welfe, Boii^ ■ ■ - and Boydston will be in the
ing lineup for the Gold and' Bladfe. ' Immediately following this initial the Boilermaker ,, raeqaeteera witt meet a five man teanv eempoted dT Culver cadets. Since every mentb^; of the varsity is scheduled to fdti^ at least once, the folfowing 'Saek will also display their skiK: Adand^ Fant, Hess, Wilkens, and Big JobA
Petty o*vfootball fame.
Clevett Calls
Clevett stated, yesterday afternoon that he wants all those'freshmen who intend to try out for'a berth on the squad to see as many of these matches as possible. Incidentally, all Rhinies who> are intertested should put in an appearands at the squash court next Tuesday aftdrnoon when the first practice
will be held.
The Boilermaker schedule for the remainder of the squash, caimpaig|a is as follows: January 24, at St. Louis Y (there), and Western Tourney (St. Louis); January 3S, at Culver; February 7, at Nortltwestern (2:30) and at Chicage (5:30); February 14, at Pendentdn
Sprowl will aid his tfeammates (Louisville) and at Win^
Stag Club (Louisville); Ffebruaiy 21, at Michigan (2:30> and at troit Y (7:30); February I. A. C. (here); March 7, at I. A. C.; and March 14, Western Collegiate
(at Chicago).
to down the highly rated Minnesota five when they invade the Fieldhouse January 26. Frosty’s fast, smooth st>le of offense has made him the top point maker on the Boilermaker squad and fourth
in the Big Ten.
Fred Behm
Bob Alwin
aoiici 10 m USERS OF DRAWINC EQUIPMENT Right now we have in stock the following brand new IfRAWING SETS. DIETZGEN’S—No. 576.C Commander DIETZGEN’S—No. 552.E Master Craftsman KEUFFEL & ESSER—No. 686 Pharos KEGFFEL & ESSER—No. 766 Minusa POST’S—No. 830 Primo U. S. BLUE—No. 828 A. M. While they last, these sets are low in price. All other needed Drawing Supplies priced far below the present market prices. HAYWOOD'S 5th and Ferry Sts.
. 'nate junior gu^rd of the kadger court, ^^team wijf cause the Boilerqia^eirs no end of trouble when Wisconsin invades the Fieldhou^c op February 6,
match to be held in Chicago on the weekend of March 12-13. Two weeks late r the NQAA matches are held m Lansmg, Michigan, and the Boilermaker wrestling squad then has a chance to relax until next season. Reeck Calls For Frosh Even though the varsity wrestling squad has a pretty rosy future ahead of them, after again taking top honors in the Midwest AAU match held earlier this winter, the crop of Rhime wrestlers IS m a sad state of affairs. Only 16 freshmen have lepoited to the wrestling loom as yet, and only two of these have had any experience wrestling in high school. Coach Claud Reeck would like to have forty five or fifty frosh out foi the squad. “Theie is no other spoit than can put one in the pink of condition like wrestling Coach Reeck pioudly states; and as wrestling has been boosted to a major sport, there is quite a future in it. GRAPPLING SCHEDULE The wrestling schedule the Boilermakeis have in store fbr them the remainder of the season fol-
lows: here here there here here there
... 6 ft. 2 in. gmnrd is- pne of the mainstays of the Badger squad. His height makes him a constant threat on rebounds and defense. IM Schedutas
Findlay College
Ohio State
Chicago Indiana Illinois
Northwestern
Wheaton (tentative) here Northwestern there Wisconsin there •13 Big Ten Meet Chicago •28 NCAA Meet, Lansing,
Midhlgatr. '
TABLE TBNNLS J 1:45 p,m Table 1 Sisma Chi \s Beta Theta Pi Table 2 Delta Tan Delta vs. Phi Delta
Theta
Table 8 Phi Kappa vs Theta Chi Table 4 Theta Tan vs Acacia
Table S Triangle vs Alpha Kappa Lamh^ Table b Phi Gamma Delta Vs Theta Xi ^ Table T Tan Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa
Psi
2:30 pan. t
Table 1 Beta Sigma Psi vs Delta tJpsi^Q. Table 2 Alpha Chi Bho vs Pht-Kappa Tait Table 8 Pi Kappa Phi vs Si(pi>^,.I(a Table 1 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Tan Epsilon
Phi
Table 5 Alpha Gamma Kho vs Kappa ’ Sigma Table 6 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Pi. Lambda Chi Alpha—Bye |
USED ohd NEW and SUPPLIES FOR ALL COURSES
4
Engineering Agriculture h * Applied D^igh bacteriology
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doe” Epple, ’40
•4^
/ir^WSi
IppH MmiP'"
iSovc»ty-*'five coeds signed up yes-
the
The Ration
3^3 b to 1
• •
W* were given a very jsuitable
Union sponsored Hod Gross ,iajiiije other day by Bo^ StamUtiifc’Scffistration may be \ made at He called us the “sewer of
OW-(i ampus Grbi^ps To Hear Student Musical Programs Members of University musical organizations will provide eritertainment at several off-campus
functions this week-end.
Tonight at the annual state convention of Sigma Phi Gamnia soror-
*iliy\ti»nie today at a table placed in campus.” Sorta fits ah-ight, ity 'in the Fowler Hotel, Vernon
fSinil pif:the Sweet Shop. doesn't it? Now we know what we
V The local unit, of which the co- are. We’ve often wondered. Maybe
eds will become a part, receives its we showld change the column headiftst^ctions from Washington apd ing to “The Sewer Says . . or— at-pre^nt has orders for 180,000 “Dirt by the Drip.” ' knitted helmets,'besMes pneumonia „ * # jackets and sui’gifeal dressings. All Chiick Leffert put out his Kappa materials are furnished and credit; gjg pin down at the Rendezvous on is given for work done. Fifty houits; jy Oeauty, Betty Beck. Chuck used wprk either at home or in the office keep prertty steady company with
earps a \National Red Cross pin. Each sleeveless regulation sweater knitted gives .twenty-five hours’
erbdit'toward the pin.
Hc^quarters of the unit will be in.the .sub-baseme*it of the Union and^Will be open Mdnday, Tuesday, and Thursday from S a. m. to 4:30 p. m.; At these hours the coeds may obtain material for their work and will be given training by experienced workers in bandagve making
ahd knitting, s.r.b.
Ag Conference (Continued from page 1)
Sportsmen’s Conference attracted hundreds of members of Conservation Clubs and Izaak Walton
AWS 16 Hold Fr^$hmm Calloui Tuesday; Officers Will Discuss Fundions All freshmen women inteipsted ip; working in the Associated Womep. Students office should attend the callout at 4 p.m. next Tuesday afterhioon in the AWS office in Hhe Upion. Agnes McCullough, IVlary
Westburg, concert master of the Ellen Scarff and Lynn Erganbright, University orchestra, will give sev- officers of the,organization, will diserai violin solos, and Alberta functions and the work Schmadel, soprano, will sing, Mrs. done by the freshman workers. Carl E. Funk, who was formerly ^^I’oshman and transfer student orRosemary Robinson and who was ientation work will also be dis-
accompanist and organist for Uni- cussed at that time.
Ndticeii
Alpha Shl 'Ofae^apMeotirtK Tuesday. Jan. Platal Team Tryouta: Pistol team t^youla . :2o;at,t i36 Piitii! in .rootit 807 dtthe, JiinJon. sijheduled for MbndaynlBht JaP. i' ip’his iheitiiiB Is :inrihfeftiiht!'Be. there. held Tuesday, Jan. 20. . , . ~BRQW^s
'-^SIGLER ^J,i•...-■
Indcpendent$taff:Comed^eS8edfbr'pic-
'■ .H turcs Wocinesday night. OoB will bo Up Mon-
Little fWovie Cbnvo Subscribers: The >tu- Wue'^ito?•‘sbi^^e ' di^SHor®^;
clbnt Art Guild Little Movie Convb, wifi be .bn' ’ ' ^
held in the Hall of Music on Tubsddy, Jan. at, 8:00 —SMUmsVllz
‘his everting as_pro^ouBly, i„terfoundatlon8l AShletic League: Bas-
announced. . fABKS hetball games Saturday afternoon, Jan. 17.
, at 1:30 in the PieldhouSe on Court 1:
WAA: Ping pong and shuffleboard call- Methodists vs Christians: Baptists vs PreS-
reau! All adtivittes Bur(siUi Monday, Jah, IP, at A BiW' ' neeting. ' ' : ; “rOLSPNi>.li;
outs will be Monday, Jan, 19 at 4 p. m., byterians.
at Women’s Gym. I . —SCHUBER.
-BLOCK
Activities Bureau
workers report; Mon . for, important .meeting,
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday night, Jan. 19, in room 804 of, the tlrtibij. important. ---RUFFNER
Fraternity workers report
4 p.m.
Maren Chesnutt of : the Kappas before. Guess the marble vault gals are losing their di’awing power^—or whatever po’wer it takes to drag’ in
a. pin.
The only active I^appa Sig roma nee now is that of Bob Burrows anti Chi O Dolitie McLain, This merger just took place recently. We have! otir own little romances here on the; Expo too. Donald (Short-change) Powers bet' his brothers over at the , Lambda Chi house that he’d be iharried before the week is out. Bet tliat’s one deal D. S. won’t make anytiiing on. During' the holidays,; Fred Jones kept up the Sigma Chi tradition of
League Chapters from all parts of putting out pins by placing his on the state and was presided over by Theta Donna Siess. Wliich proves G. R, Gutermuth, acting director of that all is not work around here,
the fish and game division of the * #
I^^iana Department of Conserva- Another‘pin in the Alpha Chi tibn. The Pittman-Robertson pro- kouse. Old s»tufT, but a new couple. grahV fish rearing and management rp^iis time it’s the Theta. Chi pin of and game bird propagation were all “s^j/ede” OIsob on Jeannette .Henss. ^discussed by recognized authorities, ■^on^t be long before all the Awful
^^f. C. Gi Credine and C. M. Kirk- (^^i’s are pinned. p:|taiick, of the forestry extension , ,,
departnient, gave a detailed report of studies conducted by the
University.
A; joint luncheon yesterday noon csihdhcted by the dairy, livestock and farm management groups featured C. B. Denman, secretary of thd: National Federation of Food Chains, •xVho discussed “Food Distribution Problems—What’s Ahead.” The dairj'men spent the afternoon in a series of discussions led by Uni■fersity j staff members concerning the work of the Creamery License Division, .fluid milk market compalri|on and the variances in milk pto(^ction costs and prices of dairy
products.
W. 0. Fraser, Washington, D. C.,
in charge of the livestock, meats and wool division of the USD A Agricultural Marketing Service, di.scussed the proper methods of sorting hogs for sale with the live-
stock men in the afternoon. E.’P. Wilson, state supervisor of
game, gave the sportsmen a complete picture of the quail and pheasant program conducted by the De}»artment of Conservation. Wilson
versity musical organizations four years, will provide the accompaniment. David Simpson will play the solovox for the convention
program tomorrow.
A qugrtet from the glee club composed of Joseph Richards, Marvin Smith, Ray Friend and Jim Chase will sing tonight at the local Masonic banquet/ David Simpson' will also play for this event.
p:g.h.-
. lit. .
Dr. Joseph Tiffin ... of . the division of education and applied psychology spoke before the fourth annual congress on Industrial of the American Medical Association this week.. His speech “Placement of the worker in Industry” dealt with the I'esults of research done at the University in development and application of
Junior Military S^udcn:s: ir you wish to enter 1B5 mgi. howitzer coinpetitiort Jor the second serricstcr, turn in list of squad by noon, Jrtn. 17, to Capt. Ruby. List to include two juniors, nine sophomores.
—RUBY
Senior Coeds: For information rcBardins the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technojogists, call at' the Pladcment Service . for Women. Phono' number 29B5. —SMITH GE 11 and GE 12: The examination for the removal of C and. I grades in GE 11 and GE 12 will bfe given Saturday, Jan. 24, from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. in room 301 of the
mittees will be explained by Kay Michael Golden Shops. —RISING Maggau, office committee; Harri- chemistry Major Seniors ! Those desirioiis
ette Simmons, activities committee; ficef'^room
■*WSSP Committee: Important meeting
Tuesday 7:30 p.m. Room 2)2 Union with
Bette Jean Lee, WSSF Secretary. Bene d can _hOWARD HAMILTON
Affairs Office: Sdphotnorc to office'Monflayt^^^l^dt
Rifle Club: Second Big 10 rtlflc iBBtch against Ohirt State V?U1 be ftred on Satvift day at 3 p,n^. in the Ficldhousci All. tticinbers arc requested-to attend. , , c—TA®maN
for Work done by the various com-
joh should report , at my of422, Ohemistry building, and
advise me of their training, desires as to employment and information helpful in placing them. . ' A number of assistantships are available for the coming school year in the department of chemistry. Those students interested should report to my office at once.
—DEGERING
Roger Williams Club: Sunday evening, Jan. 18, a 16-cent lunch and social hour will bo held at 6:30 p.m. at the West La-
in the evening, a business session in charge of Donald E. Gavit, business manager of the Hammond public schools, was followed by a dinner last night with Thomas Higgins, vice-president of the National Council on Schoolhouse ^ Construction, as sthe principal speaker. Ruf-
employec tests. He pointed out that PS Putman, assistant superintenemphasis has been given to vision dent in charge of business affairs requirements of various jobs and of, the Evansville public schools, actthat employees’were assigned jobs ed as toastmaster, c.f.h.
in terms of their vision qualifica-
tions.
and Eleanor Serban, residence com-
mittee. p.g.h.
0PM Official (Continued from page 1)
mond public schools; Harry Taylor,
business manager, Lafayette public 1“Llr‘'at MertodiB?Chtch°at e^rsoTm.'"”* schools; Paul Boston, superinten- , —artman dent of Greencastle public schools, a11 Military Stud^ls: The two. weeks and W. E. Wilson, superintendent >"al«c-up period for those entitled to make „ . 1 1. 1 , . up absences in first semester will include 01 Clark county public schools. the weuks of Jan. 5 to 10 an(l:Jan:i 21 to
Feb. 3. No absences from drills during the first semester should be made lip during the week of Jan. 14 to 20. Students having C or I grades will ascertain what ia required of them by coming to the Armory
office before making up absences.
—GRAHAM
All Senior Military Students: Report to main office in the Armory between 1 p.m. Friday, Jan. 16, and noon Satui^ay. Jan. 17, to collect pay.. —GRAHAM Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures Saturday, Jan. 17 at 8 a.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —KNAPP Exponent Editorial Coeds: Now schedule is posted in the office. Please check it and report on days assigned. —ROSE
A SHARU IN AMERICA The new United States Defense Savings Bonds and Stamps give all of us a way to take a direct piift in building the,defenses of our country. This is the American wey to provide the billions needed so ‘urgeritl^ fi>r National Defense. ^ United States ^ DEFENSE SAVINGS BONDS and STAMPS
CORRECTHON; Ted (Sunbeam) Clark wishes.; to announce to the outside world .that he wa.s singing “Maryland, My Maryland” down at Bloomington the other p, nU—NOT “Delaware, My Delaware” — Paid
Ad.
Not to be outdone by the Pi Phi’s —the Kappas were out at Biltz’s en mess the .other afternoon. Wish we. could distover the cause of all, thefee celebrations. Being a threeyear pledge ourself, maybe we
shoukl know why.
Theta Betty Ann McCreary returned Bill Ogden’s SAE pin during the holidays. Just catching up with us. Why doesn’t someone tell ' us these things. Keeps up out of trouble digging them up for ourselves. At any rate, she’s still dating him pretty regularly. Guess it’s one of those “understaaidings” that are so prevalent around here. Loyal Alumnus IV made the front
Havighurst Speaks To AASW Gathering “Coordination and Integration of Science” was the title of a lecture given by Prof. R. H. Havighurst qf the University; of Chicago last .flight in room lOG of the Chemistry
building.
Dr. Havighurst said that integration in science is composed of Organization, Generalization and evaluation of knowledge, and direction of future knowledge seeking. The committee which he. is associated is chiefly concerned with this integration of knowledge in the field of child development. A dinneU' was hfeld in the Union before the meeting which jvas sponsored by the local branch of the American As.sociation of Scientific
Workers.
F. /. Goldsmith . assistant dean of men, spoke at the weekly meeting of the Cosmopolitan Club yesterday at 4:30 p.m. in the Union. He spoke to the club about the Cosmopolitan. National Convention which was held during Christmas vacation at the
University.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeo.qraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main. Lafayette. Phone 2779.
PCF
. . . will change their schedule for Sunday, January 18, to hear Dr. Albert Palmer who is speaking at the Methodist church. Members will meet at the Foundation house, 1.31 South Grant St., at five
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GSLLESPiE'S 221 Columbia St. PHONE 6405
RESOLVED DON’T BE FOOLISH \ ■ ^ Take care of your tires , • • all agree that is very good advice. Likewise it is good advice when we say, fke care of your clothes. Crown cleaning service is your ^‘^First Line of Defense’’ in getting longer wear from your clothes. Regular cleaning removes grit and grime that injures fabric. HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
Top of the Hill
s^fed that it was necessary for the ture, though. (The one on the right),
state game farms to handle about 250,000 pheasant eggs and 180,000 quail eggs, and produce about 120,000 day old chicks each of both
quail and pheasant^
The afternoon session for .sportsliieji came, to a close with a panel dfrciission of activities of the Conservation Clubs and Izaak Walton Hcague Chapters of Indiana conducted by Frank N. Deer, Boonville; Chauncey Mollenhour, Mentone; Francis Murray, Seymour, and Otto
Grossman, Argos, j.dis.
page again and without it’s Kappa O’clock for supper and proceed from pin, too. There was a Beta in the pic- there about 5:40 to the Methodist
Church.
STAR SPANGLE your record library ,4M1'IUC.\ Vivlor: 20G36; 21)26: 22062 »6p .• Ueecs : 1T.43 2.C AMKUICA THE UE.VLTIiaT. Viclul-: 208'l.'.: 22603 Dcccii: 2476 37i.4.SeUOItS .4WEIGH Victor; 20203 33r GoltJaibiB : 300«M ■ 33rUttxii: 1761 . 37.BATTLE HYMN OF THE KEI’LLIG Victor: •2184); 22083 -iSc Columhio: 420o-M 33c Decca: 2428 37c COLUWItJA THE GEM 01 I HE OGh.VN Victor: 22803 ’ pcoca: 1793; 2428. • 37c THE MAIIINE’S HI MN iiecca: ‘2073... 3'C glJSU'EB F1DELI.S ^ Victor: "4392-.'22061 ; 2U97'i; 26291 , .73c . ' OoluiabiM: 421.M .. ■73c STAR SP.ANCLEU BA.NNEK 7 Victor; 20635; 21426 53c . ,;Coluiuhui: 17201 . . 53c Oewi: K43: 2100 ... :i7c
in the McLean Mueic Store .: 514 Main St.
LOVE OF MY LIFE 'XOTIC...exciting...new Perfume and Cologne. Shantung, the fragrance with a double meaning ... Mystic, Oriental overtones.. .'tingling, provocative depths. A perfume to tantalize ... stir the imagination. In graceful, Oriental bottles sprinkled with brilliant Shantung swatches., Perfume * * * * 1.50 to 18.50 Cologne « 2.00 to 5.00
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
'prr- , ^ ‘‘V' '
THINK NOW!
ABOUT YOUR
NEXT SEMESTER
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION
■p.
(F:
m