T
L'
iKf«‘> ,lh •■(;; ir/ , *'■'
xfumem
spon^^ CroM-Geantty S^l4 Meet! yf«$teJ Ufik
Volume 53# Noti 48
West Lafayette# Indiana
Sottuday# tunemb^ t. UU
Riveters Play Rams In Polo Grounds This AfternofH
Improved Eleven Faces
Russ Morgan Will Play For Dad's Day Mixer Russ Morgan has been Z Z 4.- o* Z ZZ- ZTZ • J 1 , , -rr . Jos Venuti, Steve Brown, Bix Beisigned by the Student Union derbecke and Eddie Lang, to play for the annual Dad’s Arranged For George White
BROADWAY HIT . . . Playshop Presents 'Our Town' Revival
Gillis Talks
PROGRESS
Day mixer here on Friday, Nov. 7, according to an announcement from Hal Knight, senior Union executive. Morgan and his "Music in the Morgan Manner,” is well known throughout the nation, having played for two years on the Phillip Morris "Johnny Presents” program and also on the Hotel Pennsylvania Roof, International Casino, and the French Casino in New York City, and Chez
Paree in Chicago.
Features Blonde Songstress Featured with the orchestra are Phyllis Lynne, blonde vocalist, George Henery, and Clarence Melter. Jana, “Lightning Sketch Artist,” is a lecent addition to the band’s retinue. ' Morgan worked his way from the coal mines of Scranton, Pa., to the heights of the Pennsylvania Roof. On his way up, he held positions with many organizations. In Detroit, he organized the Goldkette orchestra which included such musicians as Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey,
Later, in New York, he arranged
On WorshipMTJjre^ve Eastern team
r Ml rrogressive Wholesafe Revisions
This Evening At8 lomorrOWEdConferehce To Overcome Plague Of Injury Jinx
Buss Morgan
Production Has Original Actors Of Summer Show Purdue Players will present “Our Town” by Thornton Wilder, tonight at 8 p.m. in Fowler Hall. This production uses no scenery and the interest of the audience is held only by the emotions and interest in the
plot of the play.
All of the action takes /plac.e in the small town of Grover’s Corners, New Hampshire. At the beginning of the play, the stage manager comes out onto the stage, and begins a rambling account of the background of daily life in “our town.” Life there is complicated by all the events that take place in everyone’s life: love, marfiage,
birth and death.
Play Given Last Summer
“Our Town” was presented at summer school, and a ciowd of
Band, Glee Club Present ProgVam At Final Lunch
scores for George White’s Scan- townspeople and students witnessed
dais and the Cotton Club shows, directed music for the Brunswick Record corpoiation and played on the Rinso Columbia network program for thirty-nine weeks, k.a.k.
Fraternity Conference Closes Tonight As 120 Delegates Dine
almost the same cast as the one performing tonight. The curtain goes up on the production this evening at 8 p.m. in Fowler Hall. Those who have not already purchased tickets may obtain them at the door; the price is
60 cents.
George Cummins plays the stage
Choir Vfili Also Sing
For First Religious Convo Of Semester
Dr. James Martin Gillis of New York City, editor of "The Catholic World,” will address the first Convocation for Wor-
ship of the current semester for Today’s Children.” tomorrow morning at 10 ;30 in Elliott will address the gathering the Music Hall. The subject of of educators in the north Union his address will be "The Place ballroom at 9:30 on %indsight and of Joy in Religion.” Foresight.” Also scheduled to apDr. Gillis, recipient of sev- Pear on the mornmg program is Dr. , ,, ’ . , Stephen Corey of Chicago Umver-
eral college and university de- gjfy grees, is widely known as a visit Schools
lecturer, radio speaker and au- Yesterday the teachers visited the thor, and has appeared on the public schools of Lafayette, West
Lafayette and Tippecanoe County. At 6:30 p. m. a dinner round table was held under the chairmanship of Dr. E. L. Kelley of the University. Dr. Corey spoke on “American Youth and American Schools.”
(Continued on page 2)
By Ralph Barnes
This afternoon at 2 o’clock EST a fighting Boiletmakef eleven will enter into battle with a powerful Fordhaw team at
President E. C. Elliott will be the the Polo Grounds in New York City. The Rams are undefeated, featured speaker today at the gen- untied SO far this season, but Elward’s boys are detetmined to
T"'°r 1 ’’r do their level best to change that (act.
ing held at the University. Today The Riveter s^uad, despite rotten luck as far as injuries go, marks the final day of this confer- has shown steady improvement week by week, and today^s ence^ which is entitled' “Education game should show a powerful eleven wearing the Gold and
Black. Coach Elward has been forced to make wholesale fte- — visions in the line-up because
religious convocation progiams three times previously. Evidence of his popularity is the fact that each time he has leturncd has been upon the request of the student body and
faculty.
Widely Traveled Dr. Gillis has traveled widely, having attended the Eucharistic Congress at Budapest in 1938, and the previous year he journeyed to the Orient for the same reason. In addition, the religious program will include music by the University Choir of 250 voices under the di-
manager who pieces together the
play’s narrative. Other members of rection of Albert P. Stewart. Dr.
n,. „ioA4: i -4. 4. 4.1 4. 1 n the cast are Janet Decker, Carolyn Laurence Hadley of the mathematOver 120 fraternity men came to the campus yesterday for wood, Corienne Eckert, Virgil La- ics department is in charge of ar-
the first day of a two-day Regional Interfraternity Confer- Fuse, Warren Lull, Robert Cockran, rangemfents for the convocation,
ence. The aini of the conference, which is sponsored jointly Sarah Andrews,’ Haskell Metz, by the National Interfraternity Conference and the Frater- ®ecky Pervine, Marion Smith, Paul
nity Affairs Office, is to make stronger interfraternal bonds
and discuss the current prob-
lem^ facing undergraduate fraternity leaders. Close to 45 fraternities from 20 universities and colleges were represented at the conference. The delegates registered from 8 until 9:30 a.m. After being welcomed by President Elliott, they continued their activities '■for the day. These consisted of discussing the qualities necessary to a good chapter, rush and scholarship. On today’s piogram will be talks on the “Futuie of Fraternities” by Paul C. Beam and “Alumni Relationships” by R. B. Stewart, University Controller. The afternoon will be taken up with a “Question Box” at which the delegates may ask any questions they desire. As a finale to the conference, a banquet will be held tonight at 6:30
Home E( Association Will Meet Here Today; Matthews Will Speak Annual meeting of the Indiana State Home Economics Association will be held here today in the Home Economics Building. The theme of the convention will be “The Why of
Home Economics.”
Events of the morning session will include registration, a tour of the campus, and speeches by Dean Mary L. Matthews, Agnes McCulloch, and Nancy Poiter of DePauw University. There will also be group
of the University staif have parts
in the production.
During “Our Town” people distributed among the audience ask questions of the narrator. Costumes and lighting effects are the only stage props used, a.l.w. Tickets On Sale Now For Michigan State Game Dad's Section After opening sales yesterday ^ afternoon, 450 tickets for seats in the special Dads’ section for the Michigan State game are still available. The block of tickets takes in
Mixer Features Mack Tonight As Hallowe'en Time Spirit Prevails Eddie Mack and his ten-piece band will furnish the music for tonight’s mixer from 9 to 12 p.m. The dance, which will continue with the Hallowe’en theme, will be held
discussions on progiams, ways and sections 4 and 5, which are located
means, administration, and membership. Immediately following this a business meeting which will include election and introduction of
in the Union. Don Douglass, last new olficeis will be held, year’s president of the Intel frater- Miss Frances Hawkes of Indiannity President’s Council, will act as apolis will piesent a talk on fashtoastmaster and Harry Clifford ions at the afternoon session enNorthcott of Northwestern Univei- titled “Why Bother?”
sity will be the featured speaker. k.r.
Tau Beta Pi
. . . all-engineering honorary, announces the pledging of two additional seniors, W. C. Killin, CE, and W. M. Watson, EE.
Over 150 guests from all over the state are expected to attend. There will be lepresentatives fiom Indiana University, Butler University, DePauw Univei sity. Ball State Teacheis College, Indiana Central Normal College, Indiana State Teachers College, St. Maiys of the Woods College, and Manchester College, m.a.f.
between the 30 and 40 yard lines on the Michigan State side. Ticket sales will be resumed on Monday and will continue throughout next week from 4 until 5:30 p. m. at the entrance to the south ballroom of
the Union.
Price for these tickets is the usual $2.50, and students who have already bought the regular $2.50 tickets for seats not in the Dads’ Day block may exchange them for tickets in the special section. Any student who has not yet turned in coupon No. 3 of his passport may obtain a seat in this section by adding 23 cents for government tax. No regular student tickets may be exchanged in this manner, s.b.
‘ Eddie Mack
I
in the south ballroom of the Union. Bonnie Scott and Paul Blair will piesent vocal selections, accompanied by leader Eddie Mack at the piano. Specialty numbers and novelty selections by both the band and the vocalists will add vaiiety to the
evening.
Eddie Mack and his band have played at some of the country’s leading night spots in its six yeArs of touring from coast to coast. Mack’s band presents an individual style for dancing pleasure, a.l.w.
We Wuz So-o-o-o Cold, And Then—
Old Man Winter, Defense Priorities
Combine Tactics While DU's Freeze Auction 60 Animals
In Annual Sale Here
Hereford Breeders
of the injury jinx, but has gained almost as much pre# tige in defeat as would have been gained in victory. Second Half Comeback §> In the Ohio State game, against a strongly favored Buckeye eleven, the Boilermakets staged a thrilling comeback in the second half, piling up fonrieen points in just ten minutes ptkying time. Many expels have stated that if the boys had'had a few minutes longer to play, the margin of victory would have been ours. Sophomore Kenny Smock, who was doing such a fme job of filling injured Johnny Galvin’s shoes, is definitely unable to play against (Continued on page 4) NATIONAL DEFENSE. Daugherty Issues Call For Industrial Safety Course Men V. R. Daugherty, district representative of the defense training program, announced yesterday that several additional men are needed for a defense training class in Industrial Safety which will open here next week. “Safety is one of the most important factors in increased defense production,” Daugherty said. “In 1940 the total production loss from accidents would have built 15,000 large bombers . , . the rate of accidents must be reduced if this country is to work efficiently for de-
fense.”
Meets Twice A Week
This Industrial Safety course, which will meet for two three-hour periods each week, covers the causes of accidents, management’s responsibility, plant organization, mechanical guards, protective equipment, safety^ hazards, fire* prevention, and first aid. ' Those already signed up will be notified about the class schedule next week. Additional applications are being received at the Defense
* By John Kieran Training Oflfice in the Sex'vice and The visitor was the amiable Bob Woodworth, the "public Stores Building, m.j.l. relations counsel” for Purdue, and his official mission was to beat the drum for the Boilermakers who will meet Fordham Will Sponsor at the Polo Grounds this Saturday. But somehow the conver- Game Broadcast At 2 sation got off the ground and away up in the air. a a -n i . mr, 41 4.U 11 J 41 4-1. -D -1 1 41 4.1 • WBAA will carry a play-by-play The lootball record of the Boilermakers so far this season account of this afternoon’s Fonihas been spread where he who runs may read—and some el- ham game, by telegraphic reporj, derly alumni, upon reading it, keep right on running. Fifty- dii'ect from New York. The broadfifty is the score to date; two victories and two losses. There series of sporte have been years when the Boilernjakers were as powerful a group as any plunging along the College gridirons. For that and will start at 2 p. m. d.e.b. mattei, this is no weak-kneed, self-
University Will Offer 18-Week Lab Course In Science Of Metals Starting today the University will offer an 18 weeks laboratory course in the science of metals. This course, which will be taught by Robert J. Raudebaugh of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering School, is open without cost to all men who have studied elementary physical metallurgy or who have had equivalent industrial experience. Sponsored by the University as a part of the defense training program this class will meet on Saturdays from 1 to 5 p.m. in room 112 of the Chemical and Metallurgical
Engineering building.
The object of this course is to acquaint the students with the equipment and procedures used in metallagraphic laboratoiies. Also during the course the students will use microscopes in studying the structure of non-ferrous alloys and the effect of heating and tempering on plain carbon and alloy steels,
d.w.o.
•Team's Ready'—Johnson Purdue Exponent, Purdue Memorial Union Bldg., West Lafayette, Ind. ^ Westchester Country Club, N. Y., Oct. 31.—All is in readiness here at the headquarters of the Boilermakers in the palatial Westchester country club for their an- ' nual invasion of the Polo Grounds against the third ranking team in the nation, the Fordham Rams. Altho betting odds are against them five to one the aroused Boilermakers are still on the upswing after their winning battle with the Hawkeyes last week and are fully intent upon springing one of the season’s major grid-
iron upsets.
This afternoon following a brief session by another visiting Hoosier team the Irish of Notre Dame, Coach Elward ran his charges through a spirited light session emphasizing precision of past offense and a speedy signal drill; considerable time was also devoted to punting and kicking
from placement.
Tonight the team will remain here at the club, leaving tomorrow morning in time to arrive at the famous playing field by noon. Co-Captain Tom Melton participated in the warmup drill here this afternoon and there is a possibility, although very slight, that he will be able to break into the lineup tomorrow. Ken Smock, sophomore flash, will not be in uniform for the fracas. The Boilermakers starting lineup will probably consist of Rush and Combs at end, Warren and French at tackle, Johnson at center, Hajzyk or Smerke at quarter, Petty at full, and Berto and Cook at left and right half, re-
spectively.
Phil Johnson
Sports Of The Times
Editor’s Note: The following column, written by John Kieran, New' York Times sports reporter of “Information Please” fame, is here re-
printed by permission fiom Thursday’s Times.' The Air-Minded Men Of Purdue
By Ken Roquemore
Last night marked the end of a long vigil of cold days and even more chilly nights in the DU house. To the tun« of loud cheers (to say nothing of shivering hands, chattering teeth, knocking knees, etc.), a new boiler was finally installed.
Buyers from many sections of the country attended the annual con-
folding football team that Coach Mai Elward is bringing eastward to meet the undefeated men of the
Maroon.
There are many enthusiastic residents of the Bronx who believe that the Ram is-sprouting golden fleece this season, but football is football and there might be a shearing job
signment sale of the Indiana Here- done on the Bam if the Boilermakers stated the other night that men on ter than $1 apiece.
rectly interpret the significance of ability of changing the chapter song the boiler’s dying gasps. to “Throw Another Log on the
The one good thing about the Fire.”
dead boiler was that it brought the It’s AU Over, All Over Now!
national defense situation closer to It’s all over now, though, and all ford Breeders’ Association held yesthe minds of the DU’s. In answer to that remains are about 50 worn-out terday at the Livestock Judging Patheir attempts to purchase another overcoats and a few buckets of ice. vilion. Auctioneers were Earl Gar-
Here’s the story behind the new heating unit, the boys ran against It is our hope that this little tale tin of Gieeirsburg and W. V. Eastboiler: One morning about three the stone wall of defense priorities, will explain many of the questions burn of Lafayette. Henry Mayo, weeks ago, the DU’s awoke to find Fire Place A Cozy Spot in the collective minds of the cam- member of the University animal
icycles dripping from the hot water During the three weeks of the pus. For instance, the dirty faces husbandry staff is secretary of the laurels so nonchalantly that they spout and frost forming on the reign of Old Man Winter, Delta which appeared during the time association. were almost run over by their per-
Hungry Duke University Frosh Gets Cookies From Vox Pop Fan By B. G. Smith ' ^ —
jury which rated her two dojsen
One of the Lodde speech finalists “Vox Pop” cookies at slightly bet-
go at it with the right utensils. This is fair warning, if Fordham needs any warning after the T. C. U. game. In that contest the Fordham
the campus get just as homesick as girls but managed to hide it much better. It’s a fact that some of our gentler freshmen long for home.
fellows scored two touchdowns in ^^4 what home means—especially a hurry and then lolled back on their mother’s cooking. Which brings us
to home-made cookies.
A cookie is a cookie—but a pi ize-
steam radiators. Well, it’s been that Upsilon chapter activities were con- that the comparatively minor dif-. The sale included 39 females, 8 sistent pursuers. They finally woke winning cookie is a woik of personway ever since. fined to a semi-circle with about a ficulty with the water heater was bulls, and 13 steers suitable for 4-H up and dashed ahead to victory, but ality. If this weren’t true, RemWarning Didn’t Take! 10-foot radius, namely, the heating being cleared up and the many beef club calves. Nine of the bulls it should be a lesson to them against brandt would have been a house-
Misses Mother’s Cookies
Mrs. Wade, who was a business woman until just three years ago, said she happened to tune in on the recent CBS “Vox Pop” broadcast at Duke University. A lonesome :foosh told a coast-to-coast audience that he missed his mother’s cookies. Parks Johnson, announcer for “Vox Pop,” promptly offered to pay $35 to any member of the listening gn-
The boiler tried to warn the boys range of the fire place in the house, limping DU’s. These were the boys and females were shown at the last sleeping on post ejuring gridiron painter, like that Bad Man Adolf, dience who could fix up two of its impending failure with two In the closing days of the cold pe- who were unfortunate enough to Indiana State Fair, where they warfare. And to prove the point, Mrs. Clara cakes for the freshman. Thpxo loud and ominous explosions on the riod, the chief topic of discussion in stub and break off their toes during ranked high in their respective But the conversation didn’t linger C. Wade, a housewife of Aurora, a deluge which kept dietary fypeytji nights before, but they didn’t cor- chapter meetings was the advis- the three-week cold wave. classes, s.b. (Continued on page 3) 111., just collected a prize from a (Continued on page 4); 4^ 41' If-' ■>.
I
F"'"^'"’'Vi‘vl>' f''-J/':- '>'/"'1) >11*-' ’' 1'*k'’'.''.f'^', ’ *^t,..vf -“irff ■>;'W’,i''V '(4^‘Cl‘i'’*C'I 'i-:'''Wf'«''p, / ■'- /, , ^ I"'*- ‘ -.y ' ' '.'^v ,C C i' . ' '’'’ . ' ’' Purdue Exponent \ Saturday, November l, I941
ifC 1
'k^-'
®)TC iSfeNIORS: C^e Your Personnel ^u, :^^^'^llicyttV/mipa^
Skf^lif^; iton^t Say ‘WHaPs The Vse?’
One of the principal topics of discussion amonetlNi^seniors today is employment after graduation. 'Most of them are enthusiastic because of the many opportunities, but there is one group, the boys in the pOTC, that is not^^arjr heappy about pres^pt circumstances. Thdije tafeng advanced military training feel that they are going to be called into the army as soon as they graduate, and as a result have adopted a “what’s the use” attitude concerning‘interviews and employment. Those who feel this way evidently haven’t given the matter enough thought, or they would realize that^the best solution is to approach the, empldymeht and army problem as if we were in normal times. ROTC men shouldn’t feel that all they can do is sit back and wait for the army to .get them, but instead they should go ahead and arrange for interviews, discuss employment problems, and try to find a company they would like to work for. Never again will a senior have the opportunity to talk with representatives from so many companies. Those taking advanced military can make full use of this opportunity and should keep the names and addresses of the personnel men with whom they talk. If they are called into the army, they will find that company relationships established during school will be very valuable upon release from the service. There will be no need for expensive job hunting expeditions because contacts will already have been made and necessary employment information will be in the company files. Furthermore, some of the future reserve officers will receive jobs now, since many companies are able to get deferment for them. Also, some organizations may offer a military student employment and then hold the job
open until he leaves the army. For every senior enrolled In the ROTC there are between four and five companies visiting the campus; with so many concerns interviewing at the University there should be good opportunity for everyone. Also, many of the men in military training have an added advantage because they are leaders in scholarship and student activities. Leaders of American industry realize the debt we owe those in the army, and every effort is being made to find places for them as they come out of the service. The \Jftiversity persopnel department is planning to establish industrial contacts for these men; if they have interviewed employers while in school, the department will have their interview records and can send the men to the proper companies. N This military problem is being discussed by university officials, industrial leaders, and the army itself. They all believe that here is a serious problem of morale. Members of Purdue’s faculty who are interested in the students believe that this is a matter of importance to all, and all agree that the best solution is to plan interviews even though faced with the possibility of being called into the army. Furthermore, we know that employers will be willing to talk with ROTC men, and that the personnel department will make it their policy to schedule interviews regardless of military status. Seniors in advanced military training should forget their “what’s the use” attitude. It’s their own misguided thinking that causes it. Many are trying to do something to improve the ROTC man’s position, and they all advise that the best plan is to drop this “I’m going in the army” belief.
Goes
On Here?
By Bud Eberts
(Continued from page 1)
Section meetings starting at 10:45 this morning are open to all teachers who have particular interests in some specific field of child education. Prominent leaders in this field
Now that Hallow’en is officially of education will conduct these 13 over maybe things will return to meetings, to discuss various topics normal—but we doubt it. Costume of interest to the teaching profesdances can leally insure a lot of sion. The features of these meetings fun and meriiment; those last night will Jbe panel discussions, which will were no exceptions, as everyone en- have teachers from many of the
joyed all 180 minutes of the af-
fairs.
WGOH?
“Skull Pancq” will be the thenm of the annual pledge 'dance at the Phi Kappa Sigma (Skull) house tonjght. Right along with the Hallowe’en spii'it, everyone will come very informal and decorations will consist of bones and skulls placed around the house. (Spooky, but fun!) Iiv Given and his orchestra
will keep the spooks swaying with g ee c u .
his melodic tunes. Speaker for the luncheon will be
WGOH ? • Langdon, president of the , ' , , National Association of Nursery
Also tonight will find the Iheta Education, and member of the Chi pledges enjoying a three hour Directors of the Progres-
dance in their honor. The local chapter house will be filled with the music of 'Maury Malm’s orchestra. Those attending will have to pass thiough a “fun-house” maze before
reaching the dance flooi.
WGOH?
Della Tau Delta membeis corn-
year.
WGOH?
The Bottle leek ’CROSS TOWN ADVENTURE The Coi’k doesn’t want to set the world on fire either; we just try to hit a happy medium between studies.and joeing. Not wanting to unbalance the medium by too much concentration, last Tuesday after our three o’clock we took a trek across the river to take in a matinee (it’s cheaper). As we stood on the corner of Fourth and Main, deciding whether ,to let Lana, or Paulette do things to us, we happened to glance up at the sculpture on the side of the court house. Three immobile figures were crouched, deeply engrossed ip some problem. We didn’t catch on, but suddenly a fourth figure appeared. We didn’t make distinguished last semester, but we were intelligent enough to conclude that even with modem design, statues still don’t move. But then we noticed that our subject of interest wore white overalls and he carried some kind of instrument in his hand. Immediately we knew that our Hollywood dream girls would have to perform without us as best they could for the afternoon, for the Cork was on the trail of NEWS. The heavy doors on the court house seemed to have been built for protection against hostile, flying tomahawks and whizzing arrows. We started imagining things, such as how a long parade of all those who had ever entered the courthouse would seem. At the head of the parade would probably be huntsmen bringing in animal hides for bounty; that would change into young men registering for World War I; and on down to the WPA contingent and lately to more young men again. Secretaries chattering consistently aroused us from our drea’ms and we began to move toward a stairway with a massive wooden banister, but a man in an ele-
vator motioned for us to come over there; patronizing him, we did. He zipped us up to the third floor. Columns seemed to be sticking up everywhei’e, and near the ceilings are carved wooden borders against the wall. In the middle of the hall on the third floor is a gigantic round hole in the floor. Around the floor is a banister, and we went over and looked down. The hole extends on down through the second floor, and we thought that the interior certainly consisted of some interesting arrangements. • —• A man wearing a conscientious face saw us looking with curious eyes down through the holes. He said that he was the custodian and asked if there was something he could do for us. We said that we were primarily interested in what the little man in the white overalls was doing out on the ledge. He told us to come into his office and he would tell us about it. Richard Vandermay was the custodian’s name and we said just call us the Cork, thank you. He explained that they were giving the upper part of the coult house, which for the most part consists of metal, a little cleaning up. It has been 11 years since it was all last painted. Mr. Vandermay went on to inform us that the building is very well put up, having been built in 1881. The stone for the building was brought up from the southern part of the state and dressed right on the ground. The cost of the building was in the neighborhood of $250,000 which would buy a lot more then than now. He said he was soiry that it was so neai' closing time because ho would like to show us some interesting things about the place, the observation tower at the top, just under the statue of Miss Justice, for instance. About Miss Justice, he said that she had been discovered several weeks ago with the laurel leaf, which adorned her head, missing. Wheie it went no one knew, but now her headgear has been replaced. If we would come back in the afternoon some time he’d tell us a lot more, goodbye. We said thanks a lot.
Novelty—will be featured at the annual Delta Gamma pledge dance tonight. The affaii will take place at the Fairgiounds with Western and popular music supplied by a piivate band. Eveiything fiom horses to barbeques ovei a bonfiie will be on the ordei of a leal Western Rolnid-up.
WGOH?
Kappa Alpha Theta have hired potential development, w.s. Duncan Hall to be the scene of their annual pledge dance tonight. The lepoit given out states that this dance will be strictly foimal. Doc Mu a will have his band on hand to play foi the Thetas.
WGOH?
Prom 2 till 5 this aiteinoon, the Chi Omega soroiity will have a tea dance in then local chaptei house. Decoration will be in keeping with the Hallowe’en season even to the lights, which will be covered with
pumpkin-faces! . LAST DAY
University To Begin Night School; Offers Variety. Of Courses starting Monday, Nov. 3, night school classes will be otfei’ed by the University to high school graduates unable to enter in the regular classes. This arrangement will assist ' youn^men without the requisite college training to meet the army edu-
cational icquirements for aviation cadet tiaining and will qualify len for commissioned rank in one year. Variety of Courses Classes will be held Monday and Wednesday evenings at 7:30 and will include plane trigonometry, plane geometry, algebra, arithmetic, English composition, grammai, U. S. history, general history, physics, inorganic chemistiy and modem languages. Those interested in enrolling in these courses should contact Director G. S. Meikle,
Prof. H. L. Solberg . . . head of the school of mechanical engineering, attended a committee meeting of the Midwest Power Corporation in Chicago last week. Prof. J. Liston ... of the Mechanical Engineering School, is spending a few days at Wright Field in Dayton, Ohio to study their aeronautical power plant testing laboratory.
PuhdusL £xpon&nL All-American 1940-'41
£nt«r«dl as second class matter at the post oifice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, .1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier foV $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Edil
Ne
Bpo
iipr-in-Chief Wb Editor . ortB Editor
Ned A. Ochiltree EuBiness Manager John L. Traugott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
, Don S. Powers Leland W. Ruffner Ruth Rose
‘ Publication Staff
Business Staff
1 Abbotiate Editprs Editorial Staff: J. F. Arooe. J. H Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, 8ll L. Hadley, F. 1. Joneb, E. G.^Kieper. SpaMa Staff: 0. T. Clark, J U. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. C«c4 Staff; Mary K. Buyiitun, Alice Chatrield, Jane Ramsdell.
Cued Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bossong Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, B. K. Saxton Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D Millard Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Mditin.
Phonei: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 ‘ Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Ji
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine , College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madibon Ave , New York, N. Y.
il^t iJiu
Editor I Brophr lue Editor: Smith
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: Chatlleld Statl: Wak.iiil Piantnpi, Laiipr, Flanagan, Deall, Hiinlci, Oehiltiee, Sutnmuia, Kloason, Glaapie, Uoqucmorc, PeMars, Bparta Editor: Fraser Dawaoii, iiainob, CabBidj.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE MEETMil.BIG of The U.S.ARMY ★ ★ ★Wh«n Ihe captoia’s out ond the lieirteMDt’s busy, the ''lep-kltk”doe5 his stuff ...mid what Mulligan doesn’t ^ do to his rookies ’ shouldn't happen to n dog,^ ★
ARC
a UEtUBlIC FICTUBB — AND — His newest thriller! THE mi STM. A Columbia Picluro !
ALSO
CAPTAIN MARVEL FIRST RUN NEWS
LUMA
SUN.-MON.—2 HITS
JOHNNY DOWNS MISCHA AUER WAITER CATLETT SUNNIE ODEA IRIS ADRIAN Rosario & Antonio
ToPnnmm^ NAT PENDLETON CAROL HUGHES • STERLING HOLLOWAY fi- MARJORIE REYNOLDS ^ FRANK CHARLES f FAYLEN'HALLI A MOHOGRAM NCTURt n
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE STRANGE ALIBI with ARTHUR KENNEDY —plus— NAVY SECRETS
QURlElfS Aunt
LAST DAY —2 HITS RONALD REGAN in Nine Lives Are Not Enough —Also— DICK FORAN ANDY DEVINE LEO CARRILLO in THE KID FROM KANSAS
Today On H' WBAA
various schools throughout -the
state on the board. Glee Club Will Sing
Clirhaxing the morning sessions will be a luflilsheon in the south ballroom of the Union at 12:16. Reservations for this luncheon must bo made before 10 a. m. in order to make adequate prepai’ations for the visitors attending. The program as announced featuies the University
sive Education Association. Dr. Langdon’s topic will be “What Is Happening to America’s Children.” Authority In Field She is recognized as an authority in her field as she has been in charge of several national surveys on parents’ problems with children, and
pleted aiiangements for the use of surveys of kindergarten and grade North Ballroom of the Union to- schools, training of nursery school night as the scene of their annual teachers and similar problems. Only pledge dance. A dinner will be recently she was in charge of a seived at the house before the dance meeting of WPA supervisors in for the members and their guests. Chicago. Chairman of the luncheon On the band stand will be the Wa- will be T. R. Johnston of the Unibash Ambassadors, who have played versity publicity department, for many of the local dances this Afternoon Speeches
10:00—News 10:10—Cuiio Man 10:16—Music 10:30—^WBAA Presents 10:46—Theatre of Song 11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Music 11:30—High School Guest 11:60—Purdue News 12:00—Woman Shopper 12:16—Tune Time—Charlie
Powell
12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—The Army Speaks 1:46—^Pre-Game Dope 2:00—Football Game—Fordham vs Purdue 4:30—Afternoon Melodies 4:46—Little Miss MulTcU 5:00—Just Relax 6:30—Music 5:46—Curio Man 5:60—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:46—Music 7:00—News of the Week 7:16—Music 7:30—Petite Musicalc 8:00—Musical Albums 8:15—Scientific News 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:46—Prom the Press Box 9:00—^Umon Mixer 9:30—^Music 9:50—News
Afi Guild To Pr^nt 'Movies March 0n' Student Art Guild will present “Movies March On,” a bfief history of American movies, tomorrow afternoon in the West Reception room of the Union. Twenty minute shows will be given at 4, 4:30, 6 and 5:30 p.m. They will be shown in connection with the Art Guild exhibit now in the reception room off the main hall of the
Union.
This film was produced by the March of Time and is based on the collection of the Museum of Modern Alt, New Yolk City, film library. The rise of motion pictin es from 1897 to 1939 will be traced. Sections from great movicS, or those typical Of the times, and cxceipts .showing famous actois, will be shown. The deficient lighting and sound effects and the over-dra-matized acting that characterized early films will be exactly reproduced. a.m.p.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS 400-'I0‘l Schulfi Bldg. 4th and Mam 5t. Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Session of the afternoon will be started at 1:45. Dr. L. A. Cook of Ohio State University and i Dr. George Axtelle of Northwestern University will address this final gathering. The chaiiman will be M. E. McCarty siipeiintendent of the
Lafayette schools.
The purpose of this conference is to stimulate the understanding of the glowing.child with reference to the reconstiuction of the educational and social needs for the child’s
and EAT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST m LummoN , 0 BimER • REFRESHING TREATS t YOU’RE ALWAYS WEICOISE AT WALOREEN’S mm STORES 410 Main Street
Jl-ANl. TTL
^BOMAte
AHER»E
Starts TOMORROW MFiniSTTi^
LAST TIMES TODAY
^ilE
TYRONE POWER
BETTY GRABLE
lOHN SUTTON . REGINALD ' ‘
S&w**
Starts TODAY MARS
1*
4I « V
'I '
' »
I ^
i
i.
i .
I
Satlff^a^^ NB^emMr $\ %041 ' \
A
PUrdue
" H '.>1 M^i,
W^j^nnsoh
Wesif^n
Oft fhli AWernodri Stiife fn VeW's Last Dual
With Phil Johnson in New York covering the Fordham game, this column was written by Jim Fraser, junior associate sports editor. • On The Land For the benefit of statistics hounds, we humbly present some figures released by the Big Ten concerning the leading giound gainers in the conference. At the present time, Bill Daley, of Minnesota, seems to be the man of the hour. The Gopher back has piled up a total of 240 yards in two games and kports a classy 6.6 yard average for eveiy time he has taken the ball. Chasing Daley for the offensive honors, his teammate Bruce Smith with 166 yards in two games and the Illini’s Don Griffin with a 73 yard average accomplished in one game. But closer to the fast stepping Daley than either Smith or Griffin, is Pat Harder, Wisconsin’s amazing sophomore, who has sparked the Badgers to victory in their last two games. Harder has averaged 97 yards a game in three games. • In The Air Billy Hillenbrahd, of Indiana, leads the conference passers with 167 yards gained through the air. All this was accomplished in the Hoosier’s only Big Ten start, which was played last week against the Badgers. Nary a one of Hillenbrand’s heaves was intercepted. The other leading passers stack up in this order: Otto Graham and Bill DeCorrevont, of Northwestern, with 65 and 67 yards, respectively, and Michigan’s Tom Kuzma with 62 yards. • And Off The Instep In the very important punting department. Smith is at present the conference’s best. His average is an even 40 yaids. Tom Kuzma, the Michigan sophomore, is second best with a 38 yard average.
Put These On A P.M. Wrapper^
If the boss can stick his neck out every Friday in an attempt to read the sassafrass leaves and make himself a prophet, there is no reason why we can’t do the same and make a stab at picking today’s winners. The MinneSota-Northwestern battle should be a honey. The Wildcats are always dangerous, but we’ll stick to the Gophers’ power: Minnesota, 7; Northwestern, 0. To finish up the Big Ten—Indiana, 20; Iowa, 0; and Michigan, 27; Illinois, 6. • And See What- Happens!! The Buckeyes are playing the much pushed around Pitt team and with Graf back in the lineup playing fullback, the Columbus eleven should ring up another win for Paul Brown. Here’s our guess: Ohio State, 16; Pitt, 6. • lEast- Meets West Wisconsin will spend the afternoon tiying to solve the new “Y” offensive that Syracuse has sprung on the football world, and still devote some time to an offensive of their own. We predict that the Badgers will accomplish only the second of then aims. It’s Wisconsin in a thriller: Wisconsin, 25; Syiacuse, 21. • More Guesses Here and there acioss the nation: Coiiiell, 7; Columbia, 0 . . . Texas Christian, 13; Baylor, 7 . . . Duke, 20; Georgia Tech, 7 .. . Harvard, 14;
WHERE TO GO for those ''important” dinners
The Chestnut Room in the Union is the place you have been seeking. Bring your family, your sweetheart, and your friends here, where fine food, good service and pleasant surroundings will make every dinner an important one, every evening an event. ’v. JPUL fllVtjdwL WjmiiiLaL lAniofL a If If ti I, i f j The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Today’s football fare is highlighted by several outstanding interseetional clashes in addition to a brittle that may decide the winner of the Western Conference title. Smith Doubtful - Faced with the possibility that their ace halfback and captain, Bruce Smith, will be unable to see action, Minnesota’s mighty Gophers will meet Northwestern today in a game which may determine the Big Nine Championship. With two conference victories over Iowa and Indiana tucked Under their belt, Wisconsin will play host to a strohg Syracuse Squad in one of today’s major intersectional tilts. The Badgers, led by sophomore Pat Harder, Will be the favorites despite the fact that Syracuse trounced Rutgers last week 47 to 0. Hawks At Full Strength Indiana’s Hoosiers, whose offensive strength is finally coming.from under cover, will do Imttle with Dr, Eddie Anderson's Iowa eleven which is in its best physical shape since their opener against Drake a month
ago.
Bob Zuppke will probably reach fai down into his bag of tricks today in an effort to produce a spark for an Illinois upset of Michigan.
WAA Will Act As Host At Speedball Playday Today WAA will hold its annual Speedball Playday. Both Indiana and DePauw Universities have been invited to send teams to compete in the speedball contests. Visitors will register this morning between 9 and 10 a.m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. At 12:30 p.m. lunch will be served in the WAA cabin. The charge for the lunch will be fifty cents. Tea Will Close Playday The Playday will officially close with a tea in the Memorial Gymnasium, which will follow |the last speedball contest. Chairmen of committees are as follows: Catherine Ade, food; Betty Galbraith, games; Ruth Walker, the tea; Jackie Hariison and Gwen Curry, entertainment and decorations; and Barbara Foid and Gail Hennis, leccption. m.a.f.
The Wolverines Will be tfying to get back ih the win column following their loss to Minnesota last week, 7 to 0, and at the same time even the series over the past seven years Which stands at 4 to 3 in fafor of the Illini. Pitt Trys Again Ohio State’s Buckeyes, minus their powerful colored end Charlie Anderson, will meet Pittsburgh at Pitt Stadium this afternoon in what should be another win for the boys from Columbus. In another outstanding eastern clash the Red Raiders of Cornell will tangle with Columbia in a lenewal of their ageold rivalry. Duke’s powerful Blue Devils, one of the few major undefeated teams in the country will attempt to keep their slate clean in their clash with Georgia Tech this afternoon. Also in the south, Texas A. and M. will be favored in their meeting with Arkansas today. The Aggies so far this season have proved to be one of the strongest teams in the southwiest. Vknderbilt Going Strong Vanderbilt’s Commodores, leading the Southern Conference with an average points per game of 33, will face Tulane’s Green Wave in one of the South’s outstanding battles. The University of Texas, ranked with Minnesota as the country’s finest gridiron squad, will train their long range guns on Southern Methodist’s Mustangs, and it is expected that they will remain undefeated. In the East, Notre Dame’s Ramblers will be out to make it six straight victories at the expense of the Army Mule, in one of the day’s most colorful intersectional clashes. Indians Meet Bronchos Stanford’s Indians, beaten only by Oregon State this season will be battling for the Pacific Coast Championship when they take on Santa Clara today. The Bronchos have not as yet lost a conference game, but tasted defeat for the first time last week in their intersectional contest with Oklahoma. Other important games on the west coast will find California’s Bears scheduled to meet U. C. L. A. in an outstanding tilt, Oregon will take on Washington State, and Oregon State, conquerors of Stanford, doesn’t expect to encounter too much trouble from Idaho.
Wiltord Davis
'4p\
Kieran On Sports (Continued from page 1)
There never was a better time to bring it up. Purdue is the most airminded educational institution in the country. We have whal^ I believe is the largest engineering
IM Schedule
Piinceton, 0. This is just a stab in the dark: Penn, 7; Navy, 0. The Middies were off to a flying start this yeai, but last Saturday’s scoreless tie (vith Harvard has the experts guessing. Talk of Navy going to the Rose Bowl didn’t ring quite true after that surprise. Penn doesn’t have Reagan any more, but they are still rated as a power in the Eastern ciicuit. <1
• The Old Army Game
To finish up this mess, we stick our neck out anothei inch. Notre Dame, 14; Army, 13 . . . Mississippi, 21; Maiquette, 6 . . . Michigan State, 10; Missouri, 7 . . . Stanford, 19; Santa Clara, 13 . .. Oregon, 7; Washington
State, 0 . . . California, 14; U.C.L.A., 12.
• We Almost- Forgot This One Rivei Falls Normal, 14; Eau Clau’e Teachers, 0.
TOUCHBALL Monday, November 3
Field
2 Ward 32 vs Ward 10 Meyer 3 Ward 11 vs Ward 12 Tepas 4 Ward 22 vs Ward 27
Olds
5 Ward 30 vs Waid 25
Jones
6 Ward 29 vs Ward 26 Bernhard 7 Ward 23 vs Ward 24 Captain 8 Ward 8 vs Ward 33 Stephans 9 Ward 1 vs Ward 28 Rafferty 10 Beta Sigma Psi vs Triangle
Cooper
11 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Phi Ep-
silon
Plummer CARY HALl, BASKETBALL Monday, November 3 (Practice games) Court 1: 7 00 Cary Hall 1 vs Caiy Hall 13 7 15 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 9 8 .00 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 5 Court 2 • 7 OOCary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 8 7 16 Caiy Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 Court 3 • 7 .00 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 10 7:15 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 14
From the intramural office comes word that basketball officials are in demand for the coming intramural season. Chief Clevett requests that all those interested in officiating should sign up immediately in Room 111, Fieldhouse.
Forensic Club Picks Frosh Debate Squad
For the convenience of those stu-
Stadium in which our Boilermakers play football when they’re at home.
We have 368 acres in our airport , , , „ , , and testing ground for aeronautical ®
research”
With a Boilermaker background _!!
like that, Fordham might have to
make ready for a parchute attack at the Polo Grounds. Or maybe they were just feinting at Fordham and preparing for Hitler.
No Fooling
“No fooling,” said Mr. Woodworth. ^‘There’s a flying Boilermaker squadron now training with the United States Naval Reserve. Did you know that Mai Elward, our football coach, was in the Naval Air Service in the last war?” If so, it looked like long-range planning on Elward’s part. But Mai was a Notre Dame product. “That’s right,” said Mr. Woodworth with a grin, “but he was airminded even at that time. He played on the team that Rockne, the one that went to West Point in 1913 and opened the eyes of the East to what could be done with an air attack.” A great date in football history. That was the day when Gus Dorais tossed those passes to Knute Rockne and Notre Dame ran over Army
by 35-13.
“Just so,” said Mr. Woodworth.
V.
• Buy yourself The University Gab—a brand new LEE Water-Bloc* that costs only $5. You’re in one of the smoothest hats you ever Wore (with matching gabardine band and brim binding) . . . you’re in style with your hat and in clover with the gals!
LEE HATS 358 Fifth Avenue, New York
1- Reg. U S. Pat Off.
Eleven men, selected in competition for the beginning freshman debate squad, weie announced yesterday by the forensic board. They are: Robert Chestnut, Ray Goldsmith, William Conlon, Tim Tilton, John Davis, Hugh Studebaker, Jack Wrl
The first squad organization meeting will be held Monday, Nov. 3, at 4 p. m. in room 310 of Univer-
sity Hall, m.a.f.
FRATERNITY BULLETINS Menus, Paper Napkins and Nibroe Paper Towels ' PHONE >7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
^ GILLESPIE'S Stqre, Restaurant and Bar Supplies 221 Columbia St., Phone 6405 LAFAYETTE, IND.
SOOM^IN
G
cumiES ttMPiM:.
are exclusive dealers for the LEE HATS ill Lafayette aud West Lafayette
Prices $3,50 and up
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — I19'/e Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNER'S CLASS •For,Ladies iphd Gentlemen OPENS TUES., NOV. 4th 7:30 P. M. Walts, Slow and Fast Fox Trots Tapgbt 5 PHONE 2150 AXjLEN^S 6th and Ferry
ALL SIZES!
Improve your game with these regulation bowling shoes! They'll give you more comfort and better control. Come in and try on a pair.
Sold exclusively cit KiNNEy:r
, slrl B Photographic Greeting cards made from your own snapshots " * - • Bring the-upgatives of your favorite snapshots to Out store. Choose from the many designs we offer the type . of card you wish. Then leave the rest to us. For your mathng list you’ll haVe a card thaPs pOrsOnal and distinctive, yet the cost will be surprisingly low. FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP ^ 411 State — West Lafayette "'"1 Park in Rear and Use Rear Door . ^
‘ I
At approximately 11 o'clock this morning the cross country team will go in search cif (ite^'
^dual meet season in the team’s history. Baying heSIteii
anay Ohio State, Illinois, and Wisconsin thus :iar the Riveters are favored to beat Western State,.
opponent. One should, not, however, believe that the medt js to be a pushover. Western State's record so far is almost as
good as that of the Boilermakers. is
' Seven Will Rdn'^ ^
As a result of th& itnte trials that were held in the Middle df the week the seven following men will make the trip; Ed Holderman, captain,
long at the ground level of the grid- Woody Appleton, Don Kemp, t>»iron. First there was a light literary Tell Roach, Charlie Duesler, Keith flight. Bob Woodworth is a collat- McLaughlin, and Bob Jarvis.^ Coodi eral descendant of the Samuel Herman Phillips would not commit Woodworth who wrote that famil- himself as to the mltcome 6f the iar poem, “The Old Oaken Bucket.” meet Saturday but seemed pleased Having admitted so much, he added with the condition of the squad, that George Ade, the distinguished While Boilermaker students have humorist, was an enthusiastic Pur- had little opportunity to see the due alumnus and Booth Tarkington team in action this season, there spent some time in the classrooms being only one meet here, they will at Purdu^. have a chance on both November “But here’s something that most 8th and 15th to see the squad up football followers don’t know,” said against tdp tompetition. On the Mr. Woodworth, “and maybe they above mehtioned dates the state amd don’t care—but I’ll tell you, anyway. Big Ten meets respectively will'be
run on the Riveter course. Prepare For Big Ten Meet For the last week the squad ha:
been running four miles each night instead of the usual three and one
... stellar halfback on the Michigan State team, will be here as half of the combination of Davis and
Davis, touchdown brothers, as the , , . .. Spartans meet the Boilermakers in ^ ^ half because of the fact that both
Ross-Ade Stadium next Saturday. engineering
i and research. We have our own air- over-this distance. In his
port, hard by the campus. It was the gift of David E. Ross, the Lafayette ^ HoWerman ran it ih industrialist who chipped in with gQ-gg ^hich is just tweniy seconds George Ade to build our Ross-Ade over the accepted world’s record for
the distance.
that all who wish to see the team run may do so. Also the meet will be over in plenty of time for everyone to get home in time to hear the broadcast of the Purdue-Wisconsin football game that afternoon, w.h.c. Chess Teem To May Tomorrow Afim-noon Entering the contest with a veteran team made up entirely of last year’s members, the University Chess Club will engage the Indianapolis Chess Association in a match tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock in room 263 of the Union. The team, under the direction of Dr. F. D. Martin, faculty advisor, will be composed of five students and an equal number of faculty members. Scheduled for the future is a match with the Indiana University Chess team at Bloomington on November 22, which happens to be the day of the annual gridiron classic
“Well, Mai Elward was Rock’s sub- between the Boilermakers and iU. stitute at right end. So he khew the Last year the Indiana Chess team value of an air attack—and defense journeyed to the University where —that long ago. Then he was in the they were beaten in a closely conNaval Air Service during the war tested match. The trophy which is and at one time he was in the same annually presented to the winning outfit with Admiial Byid, who team to be kept in their possession wasn’t an ddmiral then. Now Mai ^or a year can be seen in the game IS domesticated at Purdue, which is loom of the Union. ■ *
ijQvio iiv-i XI xjx-uv.x:ucxrx.x;x otx^rx t, ix- luost aii'-mindcd univci'sity in A tradition that has come down Hams,’ iT^DakyrcTarencrCkitter^ country. Tommy Melton, co-cap- through the years of these chess Hans Wormser and Bob Giiner. ^ ^reat guard on this foot- matches shows that whenever the
ball team, is on the list for the Boilermakers triumph on the footUnited States Naval Air Reserve bah held, the chess team is beaten (Continued on page 4) by their downstate rivals, and vice
versa, a.p.h.
ifwmm matt-vy ROUNI
Hwtgry Duke Prof. Knapp To Head/Crerdri On Dr. Bryan Will Speak
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Cotton-Labor Deal Stalls Price Control Legislation; Martin Gags Republicans WASHINGTON, Oct. 31, 1941.— American Farm Bureau President, Ed O’Neil, speaking at Montgomery, Ala., recently, warned farmers that “inflation is a greater menace to them than to any other group.” It was sound advice, and the farsighted farm leader might well have addressed it to the farm meriibers of the House Banking Committee, who for' more than three months have blocked action on the price control bill, designed to avert the in^ flation which the farmers fear. ' The price control bill was drafted by Price Administrator Leon Henderson after weeks of careful study, and turned over to the Banking Committee in July. The committee had nothing on its docket and could have considered, it immediately, but recessed fOr a month instead, so the boys could go home to ' look over their political fences. A month later they drifted leisurely back to the job and began a series of hearings that dragged out until last week. Meanwhile inflation, only a threatening shadow in July, ■became a grim and rapidly snowballing reality. In the wasted three months, price indexes have soared and all sorts of economic, financial and social complications have resulted—including strikes. Labor Helps King Cotton Meanwhile the Banking Committee stalled—and here is the inside reason. They wanted to kite the price of farm products—chiefly cotton, which they hoped to get up to 25 cents. The maneuvering was made possible through an undercover logrolling deal between committee members from cotton districts and labor sections. These latter were afraid of a ceiling on wages. There is no wage ceiling in Henderson’s bill, but there is strong sentiment for it and the laborites were afraid such a curb may be written into the bilk on the floor of Congress. So with King Cotton scratching King Labor’s back, these two groups were sitting on legislation crucially needed to control a terri-
(Continued fi’om page 1) at Duke busy for two weeks testing entries. Asked for her recipe, Mrs. Wade stoutly declared her contempt for “mathematical formulas.” Use your instinct, she says. It takes a sharp eye to gauge the quantity of flour according to the size of the eggs . . . and it’s a matter of whim as to how you toss in added whisps of spice, she insists. (This is too deep for us. Paging the Home Ec School!) A Pinch Of This And For the record, however, here’s what she used to win the prize; 2 cups su^ar . . . 2 eggs ... 1 cup dates ... 1 cup raisins ... 1 cup bacon grease ... 1 cup black walnut meats . . .2% cups flour . . . 2 cups oatmeal... 1 teaspoon baking soda ... 1 pinch salt. The process : run the oatmeal, raisins, dates, nut. meats through a meat grinder before mixing. The recipe makes four dozen cakes. These Duke freshmen get all the breaks. Maybe it’s because they’re not so bashful as Purdue freshmen. Or is it because we have a breed of cave-men here ? fying danger to the nation’s internal stability. Finally, with the flood of antilabor resentment over the coal strike, cotton congressmen are definitely considering a modified form of wage restriction, and the price control bill is being reported out of committee to Congress. That’s the kind of lofty statesmanship being displayed these troubled days in the Congress of the United States, one of the few free legislative bod- ' ies stilt functioning. Inner Republican Strife That fiery speech against Wendell Willkie by Representative William P. Lambertson (R. Kan.) was loudly acclaimed by isolationists, but it won no kudos from Joe Martin, Republican House Floor Leader. • Martin strongly disapproved of the speech, partly because of its vindicative tone and partly because it came at a time when he is struggling to preserve unity inside .GOP ranks,. preparatory to launching next year’s congressional campaign. However, what irked smart GOP leader Martin most was Lambertson’s failure to tell him beforehand that he was going to make the scorching address. House Republicans always “talk it over” with Martin before getting into controversies, especially one affecting party interests. But Lambertsbn ‘side-stepped because he knew Martin would advise against the Willkie blast, or else tone it down di’astically. Martin didn’t remonstrate with Lambertson after the damage was done, but he had plenty to say to friends of the Kansan, who carried back a blunt admonition that he should '.have put “party interest above personal animus.” (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Fire Fighting School Firemen from all over the state of Indiana interested in becoming instructors in their own localities will attend a Fire School here from Nov. 3 to 7. The purpose of this school is to train firemen in the advanced theory of fire fighting and prevention in order to make all units more efficient against this hazard. The first three days of the school will be devoted to teaching new pupils while . the last two days will be given over to old instructors, returning for more training. Prof. W. A. Knapp o fthe Univer-. sity will be in charge of the school and will attend to the preparations and details. Emmet Cox of the Indiana Regional Instructors’ Council will instruct the firemen during the sessions which are to be held in the Union, w.s. Riveters Meet Rams (Continued from page 1) the Rams because of a twisted knee suffered in the Iowa game, so ward has shifted the fleet Red Car--ter from right half to left to work with Bob Chester and Walter Cook. With Carter vacating his spot at right half, Ed “Cy” Cycenas, Chicago sophomore who has yet see much action, will join Meakim and Bei'to in taking over the wingback position. Chances are pretty slim that CoCaptain Tom Melton, brilliant right guard, will be able to play against the Rams, although his injured ankle has been improving steadily. John Andretich, the powerful sophomore fullback who sparked last Saturday’s touchdown drive against Iowa, is slated for considerable action today as relief for “Jarrin’ Jqhn” Petty. Petty Plenty Potent Speaking of Petty, the Rams have som'ething to worry about in “the coach’s dream,” as the Fordham sports writer put it. John is not only a smashing line plunger, but also an accurate, passer and kicker as well. He is one of those oddities known to the sports world as a good triple threat back, and, as Fordham’s Hal Boudreau says, “Purdue is darn lucky to have him.” Today’s game will be the seventh against the Rams, the Riveters’ record for the series being two wins, three losses, and one tie. In the first game in 1934, Jim Carter, older- brother of the versatile redhead, sprinted across the goal line to score the only and winning touchdown of the game, the final score being Purdue 7, Fordham 0. The team has the enviable record in easter intersectional competition in fifteen clashes of winning nine, losing five, and tieing one. The
(Continued from page 3) ' and expects to be called for training in February.*' The Pilots Of Purdue Maybe Purdue sent out its football scouts in scout planes and took photographs from the air of enemy elevens in practice. “I guess we could,” said Mr. Woodworth with a chuckle. “You know that civilian pilot training program set up by the Civil Aeronautics Administration? Well, it was started with air schools at about a dozen institutions and the Boilei’makers put the first man in the air four weeks earlier than any of the other institutions. Of course, we had quite a start on the others. Away back in 1934 we got money from one of those alphabetical Federal groups in Washington to develop our airport gad in September, 1934, we had the hangar up and the first plane rolled out and took off. Now we have a four-man weather staff at the Purdue Airport and our 'field has been in continuous operation since 1934. We had the first student to qualify, for a pilot’s license under the C. A. A. program and 500 students have qualified since the first bunch of fifty gave their planes the gun in 1939.” That was quite a record of accomplishment in the air and more than enough to offset any slight slump in groundwork such as football games. Getting Back To Earth “Well, we’re not so bad on the ground,” said Mr. Woodworth cheerfullyj, “for one thing, we have a pretty good air defense. In four games we have held our opponents to a total gain of ninety-eight yards in forward passing.” But Fordham was a running team. They had backs who could shoot through the line or scurry between tackle and end. “You saW what 'Vanderbilt did to Princeton, didn’t you?” countered Mr. Woodworth. “We held Vanderbilt to a 3-0 score—and now everybody knows that Vanderbilt is one of the best in the South—or in the country, maybe. Ohio State gained only seventeen yards against us in the second half. I was talking about our aviation work at Purdue because I figured that was pretty important at this time, but don’t think our gang isn’t going to give Fordham something to think about on Saturday. We’ve had a lot of ‘firsts’ in college aviation. Maybe’we’ll be the first to stop Fordham this season.” Saying which, Mr. Woodworth of Purdue modestly bowed himself out. (Copyright by New York Times) eastern teams played since 1926 are: Navy, Harvard, N. Y. U., Carnegie Tech, Fordham, and Pitt, this year’s game being the first against the Panthers,
Here Mondiay Evening Dr. William Lowe Bryan, former president of Indiana University, will be the speaker at the; annual “Tippecanoe Day” meetings of the Tippecanoe County Historical association to be held in the west faculty lounge of the Union building,, next Monday evening. A dinner will precede the program. The public is invited and those not wishing to attend the dinner may come later. Dr. Bryan’s topic will be “Some History-Making Ho.osiers I Have Known.” Hens an authority on this topic having been made vice-presi-dent of Indiana University in 1893, president in 1902. He has also studied in Berlin, Paris and Wurzburg and holds many honorary degrees from many American colleges. Prof. 0. F. Hall is chairinan of the committee composed of Mrs. Hall, Prof, and Mrs. W. N. Hepburn, Mr. and Mrs. M. Evan Sherry, Miss Gertrude Fink, Miss Jessie Moore and George L. Lewis, d.l.g.
Classified Ads
Money to Loan: on anything of . value. Albert’s Loan Office^ Pawnbrokers and JewelerSj 407 Columbia St. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost: Slide rule, probably in Union building. Handsome reward for finder. W. F. Sprurger, Phone 2305. Lost: M. E. 143 note book. Name TsuTao Tang. Reward: more than new note book value. Call 36614. Wanted to Buy; A good used Dietzgen Champion drawing set. Toland, room 417,
Chem. Bldg.
Notices
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every week-day front 4-6 p.m. Tumbling and, hand-balancing every Tues., Thurs., and Sat. Apparatus work every Mon.. Wed. and Fri. Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times. —POZER Silver Mask: Regular meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4. in room 302 of the Union. Pledging to be discussed. —TOWER Omicron Nu: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 4, at 10 ;20 p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union. —COLLINGS AIChE: Chem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the following: Borns, Kraybill, Ray Smith, Santini, Lerner. —KRAYBILL Hillel Society: Radio dance Saturday, November 1, from 9 to 12 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. Admission is 36 cents per couple or stag. —WEISBERG Catalyst Club: Debris picture will be taken at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Nov. 4, in North Ballroom of Union. ‘ —KRAYBILL Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire fourth novice pistol group starting Nov. 4 should sign up in supply room at once. Thiis includes students who may have signed up prior ■ to Oct, 23. There are vacancies in this group for students desiring to fire same. LT, BROWN Alpha Zeta: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 4, at 9:40 p. m. in south ballroom of Union. Wear suit coats.
—SWAIM
'-■iHome Ec; Get your tickets foe the;,College Club Section of the, ISHEA meeting on Sat., Nov. 1, from the office in the Home Ec Bldg; or from Betty Brown'. Deadline Friday, Oot. 31. —BROWN Mechanical Engineers: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building, —BOLZ PIA Membership Salesmen:,Please check in membership bpoks with money by Friday evening, Nov; 7. Also have any dance
tickets that; you might have.
—GORIS
Alpha Phi Omega: Overnight hike Saturday, November 1, to Gary Camp. Leaving Union 7:30 p. m. Call me (2648) for reservations any evening atter six p. m.
—SIGLER
Reamer Club: Formal initiation' Sunday, Nov. 2 at 6 p.m. in tower room of the Union. Initiation banquet in room 382 of the Union at 6:30 p.m. Dean Fisher will speak. —RUFFNER. Freshman Engineers; Meet for Engineering Lectures Saturday, Nov. 1, at 8 a.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seating assignments are posted near main entrance of Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP AWS: There will be a meeting of the Independent Coed House Presidents Council Monday, Nov. 3 at 4 p.m. in the AWS office. If you cannot come please send a representative. —NITSCHE Ail Freshmen: interested in working on business or literary staff of Schiveners, literary magazine, report to office room 68 of the Union, Sat. Nov. 1 at 2 p.m. —HOWARD Episcopal Students: There is to be a student breakfast following the 8 a.m. communion service on Sun., Nov. 2 at St. John’? Church, 6th and Ferry. —THORNTON ■WAA Speedball: There will be a practice for those teams which play in the Speed ball Playday Sat., Nov. 1. Black: J. Rusk, M. Brown, L. VerHoeven, E. Baughman, M. Lafuze, B. Galbraith, N. Cooper, B. Wilcoz, A, Artman, J. Vansickle, J. Kersey, V. Gear, A. Waterbury, M. Heine, M. L. Wright, M. Denby. Gold: B. Burgler, B. Cox, R. Rule, G. Hennis, M. Pidgeon, K. Hinshaw, J. Wampler, J. Richardson, M. Mennen, M.- Lepley, H. Campbell, B. Willingham, L. Turner, A. Bardelier, L. A. Cox, K. Reitzee, O. J. Kirkpatrick, E. Horton. —GALBRAITH WAA Archers: individual tournament must be shot by Friday, Nov. 7. You may shoot any night at 4 p.m. —JOHNSON Home Ec’s: get your luncheon tickets for the College Glub Section of the ISHEA meeting on Sat., Nov. 1 from the office in the Home Economics building or from Betty Brown. Deadline Friday, Oct. 31..
—BRO'^N
Military Code Classes: instructions will start Monday, Nov. 3 in room B-4 of the Armory. Class rolls' are posted in hall of Armory. —BURKHART WAA Hockey: Class tournament schedule Mon., Nov. 3, Sr.-Soph ; 'Wed., Nov. 5. Fr.Jr.: Fri., Nov. 7, All Star practice. Mon., Nov. 10, Sr.-Fr.; Wed,, Nov. 12, Jr.-Soph.: Fri., Nov. 14, Jr.-Sr.; Mon., Nov. 17, Fr.Soph. —BLAGRAVE Outing Club: Make reservations for trip to McCormick Creek State Park on Nov. 8 and 9 with Opal Blagrave, 6765 or Gail Hennis, 2907 before Monday, Open meeting Wed., Nov. 6 at 6 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. —BUERGLER YWCA: membership drive will close Sat., Nov. 1. There will be no second semester drive. All interested in joining must come to the office Fri. at 4-6:30 p.m. or Sat. at 10-12 a.m. —REED POMM: special meeting, Mon., Nov. 3 at 4 p.m. in room 105 of the Armory. Firing battery for the Armistice Day salute will be organized and initiation will be discussed. All actives be present. —BUSHNELL HKN: Debris picture will be taken at 6 :50 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 3 in the North Ballroom. —SOUTHMONGEL
Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 7:30 p.m. in Moto 184 of tho EE Building. Aniateur theory classes;,'will start. . ■ .y—MILES Christian Science OrganizatlW: Regular meeting Tuesday, Nov. i, at. 7:80 p.m. in,; room 303. of the Union. UPCKWOOD Scriveners: Meeting. Sunda-yi''Nov. 2, at 7:30 p.m. in room 268 of the Union. ■ —RIEGLE AIChE: Chem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the follovfing: Barns, Kraybill, Southard. Ray Smith, Santini, Lerner. —KRAYBILL AIChE: Meeting in room 129 of EE Buildin at 7 :30 p.m., Wednesday; Npv. 6. R. J. Kryter of Esterline-Angus. Co., will speak on instrumentation. —KRAYBILL Theta Alpha Phi: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 9:46 p.m. In sduth ballroom of Union! Men wear suit coats. —STRONG Camera Club; Debris group picture will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 4; At'3 :30 p.m. in north ballroom of the Union, ^ Sophomore Union Workers: Report to third floor. Executive Building ; at 4 p.m. Monday, Nov. 3. —STECKER Elkhart tnd. Students r' Those wishing to see Mr. N. E. Adams from the Junior Academy of Science of Elkhart,'meet In Ftoom 263 of the Union at 3 p.m.! Sunday, Nov. 2.
—FORD
'Virginia C. Meredith: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 10:15 p.m. in south ballroom of the Union. All members included. —^BLANK Camera Club: All darkroom committee members meet in darkroom No. 38 at 1 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 1. —TRUEBLOOD
TO TURN A YOUNG MAN’S FANCY
Camera Club Darkroom Committee: Meeting: Saturday, Nov. 1, at 1 p.m. for the purpose of changing darkrooms. —HUSTREDT POMM Pledges: Meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4, at 7:20 p.m. in armory. Attendance rer quired. —THOMAS
With the formal season coming you’ll want to have a new evening gown. In a dream of a dress, It’ll make the evening a date for him to remember. REMEE’S DRESS SHOP South Side Square
F TO \ HOOD STAOT
HE BOneUT lE SUBSVm
THE EXPONENT ^ NOW HE’S IN THE KNOW — VT ABOUT , CONVOS DANCES ' CAMPUS GOSSIP LOST AND FOUND CO-ED HOURS
Victory Isn’t So Far Away In One Sense, BUT It Is Today. In Fact, It’s Some 850 Miles Away In New York City When the BOILERMAKERS “DE-HORN ” THE RAMS
Lj/ .^J^aued ior tLe
-am Dazzle your (date in a fasFiion-hit formal ! Begin the formal season with a thrilling new gown — styles for every personality, at prices for every purse,
J'omial
ceeddones
Formal Wraps ' Evening Sandals ^ Evening Jewelry
Formal Bags
• Formal Gloves ^ • Formal Slips "'JF' J- • Formal Brassieres
I' W'E
* 'I
^' ti