iff- Is
Hf ; '■’’ ' J * ^'S '’f f "'i S'* 'll ^ f ^ Vli ^ wVNtflllljjJ * It ^ Pf^ ' si''S>f-), S f 'T' '^™ A'#*^',’' ) ' ’’’ "^ S w ^ «J J „» ' , <-1 ^ '‘5$^? ■■ ,* .'l/'' ' " V./’' , vV‘ t ^ . , • ' ,
f
" t
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY September 10,1038 (^ Laiayette, todkiaa VOL. 50 No, 1
University Receives PWA Grants For New Buildings Over two million dollars in PWA grants during the summer have made possible an extensive four million dollar Universitybuilding program that is already well under way. Forty-five per cent of the funds will be provided by the PWA and the remaining 55 per cent will be raised by private bond issues. The PWA funds were divided into six grants which include: Women’s Residence Hall $166,320 Men’s Residence Halls 466,363 Chemical Engineering Building 271,584 Union Building Addition 474,545 Music Hall v - 504,000 Campus Development 201,321
Total $2,084,133 Union Addition
Debris To Feature 70th Anniversary Built around the central idea of “Purdue’s 70th Anniversary,” this year’s annual, the 1939 Debris, went on sale for the first time this fall at a desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building yesterday afternoon. pAced at four dollars per copy, the book will be on sale at a booth in the Armory during registration. Later in the year, the price will rise. According to Editor-In-Chief F. W. yiTinter, the ’39 annual is already well under way, many of the campus pictures having been taken during the summer to get the beauty of the scenery. Photographs will be taken during registration and orientation, helping to make this year’s book complete and up-to-date.
Addition to the Union Building will be made on the north and west sides and the addition to the basement will extend south of the present foundations. Increase in the size of the Union was necessary because of the increasing demands of the University’s large enrollment for more extra-curricular activities and public demand for more convention and meeting space. To date, the Union has cost approximately $1,110.000. Therefore, the $1,054,000 addition will amount to doubling of its facilities. The two new men’s residence halls included in the program will bring to six the number of halls in the completed quadrangle. Two units on the north, two on the south, one^ on the west will form the quadrangle. Music Hall Bids Bids for foundation work on the Music Hall, to be erected southeast of the new Executive Building, will be accepted about October 26. Total cost of the Hall will be near $1,120.000. Excavation and foundation construction work on the new Chemical Engineering Building is under way opposite the Administration Building. Karl H. Kettlehut, West Lafayette contractor, will build the foundation. Contract for the superstructure will be let about October 19. Total cost of the building will come to approximately $603,000, according to a statement by R. T. Hamilton, construction superintendent of the University physical plant. Contract for the Union bowling alley addition will be let about October 6, although the contract for the Union addition proper will not be let for a few months. Must Start Work Soon November 10 is the date set for bids on the two new men’s residence hall which are to cost approximately $1,025,000. Women’s residence hall bids will be received September 26. The new hall will cost about $369,000. According to PWA regulations, all buildings will be completed within a year after work begins. Work on the projects will begin within a few days after letting of contracts. In all probability, both residence hall projects and the Chemical Engineering Building will be ready for use by the opening of the 1939-40 school year. The remaining projects will be completed by January 1, 1940. Frosh Advised In The Union At noon today an information desk will open in the Union foyer, where incoming freshmen and others may have their questions answered. New students will fill out cards with their nani(e and address during orientation, and these cards will be at the desk in an alphabetical file, enabling any freshman to locate a student friend. An extension telephone for inquiries will be placed at the desk and connected to the Union switchboard; Maps of West Lafayette showing the location of fraternity and sorority houses and other buildings will be available for inspection at the desk. The information desk will be conducted jointly by the Student Union, Inter-fraternity Council, and the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Uouncil.
The New Partnerships Again it is my privilege to direct the attention of the old Purdue to the new Purdue represented by the Freshman Class of 1938; and to be reminded that without this annual festival of newness there would be no celebration of power of the oldness. You are here because you think you need Purdue. Purdue extends an enthusiastic welcome to you. Purdue knows from long experience that it needs you. May we continue to be convinced that we need each other until 1942,
and after.
This morning more than two thousand new partnerships are formed for the carrying on of an all-important human business. We hope that it is to be a profitable business for you, for the University, and for the country. It is assumed, of course, that you are prepared to invest in the business your own sound capital; such things as ambition and ability, determination and dependability. Above all, your share of the partnership demands character and the variety of curiosity that adds so much to the satisfactions and the power of learning. You are here. May each of you prove, day by day, that the new partnership with Purdue was an important event in the human affairs of 1938.
EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President, Purdue University.
Purdue Building Is Big Attraction At Year's Indiana State Fair, Indianapolis Located in the center of the Indi- —■
ana State Fair Grounds, Indianapolis, stood the Purdue Building, which proved to be quite an attraction. Although the major part of the exhibit was contributed by the Agricultural school, off in one corner was “Hank” Miller telling all the curious farmers and spectators about WBAA, Purdue’s broadcasting station, and other information they desire about the ether waves. The University exhibit was basbd principally upon keeping rural communities clean and making for more economical farming. Sanitation was stressed by cleaning up barnyards, painting buildings, proper ditching around buildings, eradication of
rats, etc.
Modern farming methods were brought out by contour crop cultivation, ridding the country of the noxious barberry, feeding balanced rations to growing livestock, planting good clover seed, and other things that would help the farmer to get 'ahead. The home economics department displayed modern canning methods and other ways of making
^ndidpendahie
Apensai
During / Your
Collegiate
Career
• The Purdue Exponent
household duties easier.
Results from the annual junior livestock judging contest gave a trio of Knightstown boys first place when they scored 1,799 points out of a possible 2,250, more points than any team in previous years had scored. The winning boys were Russell Hardin, Robert White, and Eugene Beck, coached by A1 C. Sharp,
Ag. ’26.
Hardin won individual honors in the contest which gave him a $100 scholarship to Purdue University. Truman Hayes, Bainbridge, coached by Gene Akers, Ag. ’37, was presented mth a $75 scholarship for winning sb^nd place. Both awards were made possible by Kingan and Co. Official judges in the contest were Prof. ff. C. Gobble and J. T. nnued on page 3) Board Authorizes Carving of Stones At Union Entrance After many years of discussion and controversy, the University trustees have decided to have the two large uncut stone blocks over the main entrance of the Memorial Union Building carved as was originally int^ded. Miss Frances Rich, a well known American sculptress, will do the cutting and will be supervised by Carl Milles, the internationally famous Swedish sculptor. Each of the blocks is to be carved in bas relief on three sides, according to a small model already submitted by the sculptors. The carvings will be reliefs depicting life
on the campus.
Before actual work can start, however, a full size model must be submitted. and approved by the board of trustees. Cutting of the stones will probably "begin next spring and will take about a year
to complete.
Dr. Elliott Will Sail For Manila To Act As Foreign Advisor President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will sail from Vancouver, British Columbia, September 17 for Manila, where the President has been invited to serve as consultant in matters relative to the administrative organization and educational policies of the University of the Philippines. The University Board of Trustees approved a leave of absence for Dr. Elliott in order for him to make the trip to the Orient. In Dr. Elliott’s absence, the affairs of his office will be under the direction of a special administrative committee consisting of Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the President; Controller R. B.-Stew-art; Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, and Professor H. J. Reed, acting director of the agricultural experiment station. First Vacation This leave of absence will be the President’s first vacation from his office since he assumed his duties 16 years ago. Dr. Elliott will stay at the Manilla Hotel while in Manilla, and is due to arrive in the Philippines on October 9. He expects to rejurn to Lafayette about the middle of January, possibly flying back to the United States via the China Clipper. Dean Paul C. Packer, of the school of education at the University of Iowa, will work with Dr. Elliott in the Philippines. Dean and Mrs. Packer are due in Manilla tomorrow. Dr. F. Scheuch Wi Act As Fraternity Affairs Consulfant Dr. Frederick C. Scheuch ME ’93, former head of the modern language department of the University of Montana, has been appointed Consultant in Fraternity Affairs at the University. Dr. Scheuch expects to come here in late September or early October and spend several months in contact with the fraternities, aiding them with their various problems. “In order to enable the University to render further service to the fraternities now operating within the institution and in order to provide an agency for the continued stimulation of these important organizations, for the attainment of their educational ends, the trustees have authorized the appointment of a consultant in fraternity affairs,” Dr. Elliott said in announcing the appointment. They Always Come Back Dr. Scheuch, a native of Lafayette, studied in Germany and Spain, and then attended the University here.
Orientation Begins For 2J00 New Students This Morning In Fieldhouse Upperclass Registration Begins Monday, Ends Wednesday, Ciasses Start Thursday University activities will officially begin for nearly 2100 freshmen this morning at 7:45 o’clock when this year’s enrollment of pot-wearers will gather in the Fieldhouse for the introductory convocation. Doors will open at 7:15 for this first convocation in the 15-year-old freshman orientation program. Group Singing
Opening exercises will consist of group singing, after which President E. C. Elliott will welcome the new students. Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton and Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will be introduced and Registrar R. B. Stone will explain the steps in registration. Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the educational reference division, wilL irlain the orientation tests.» Special orientation tests in psychology, English, and mathematics will continue for the rest of the day and physical examinations will begin Monday for every new student. Ar Union mixer has been planned for aU new students this evening in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building and special services have been arranged by all the local churches for tomoirow morning. Registration for upperclassmen will begin Monday and continue throli^ Wednesday. Freshmen will register the 13th and 14th and classes will begin the 15th.
Distinguished Students
Distinguished students of last June have the privilege of registering at 8 o’clock Monday morning or at any other time during the registration period. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record and are not on probation, will register alphabetically from 8 a. m.
to 4 p. m. Monday.
Undergraduates and special students who have unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record, but are not ' Continued on page 3) Sal Palma To Direct First Variety ttour
For Freshmen
Only
Tonight in the Memorial Union Ballroom, the “Union Freshmen Variety Hour” will get under way at 7:15 p. m. with Sal Palma, star of last year’s All-Campus Musical Production, as master of ceremonies. Featming Bud Bryant and his 12 “sophisticated swingsters,” others included in the show will be Jerry Ciral, Clark Langworthy, Benny Burns, Bill Ash, Russ Mock, and Hank Bremer. Freshmen only, will be admitted to the Variety Hour upon presentation of orientation cards earring their personal number. Bud Bryant will present several novelty num bers, including “Annie’s Cousin Fannie,” and theme songs of famous bands. (Continued on page 7)
Student Senate Nominees Await Registration Vote >eventy-two students, representing nearly every school in the University, have petitioned the Student Senate for positions as student representatives of their respective schools and classes for the next two semesters. Voting will be done by the students themselyes at registration. Senators will set up a voting booth at the south end of the Armory, and the students will vote for their candidate before leaving registration. “I would like to see as many students as possible avail themselves of the opportunity of voting for a candidate in their respective schools and make a special -effort to do so before leaving the Armory,” stated Senate President C. G. Elliott when questioned about the appaient lack of enthusiasm on the part of the student voters. Need Schedule Cards Students will need their schedule cards to vote, according to J. H. Jacobi, senator in charge of elections. The following students have petitioned for Student Senate berths for the coming years: Agriculture—Sophomores: W. D. Knepper and J. A. Stewart. Juniors: J. W. Greenburg, V. T. Hitchcock, D. Paarlberg, and G. E. Sears. Seniors: D. Cottingham, D. W. Glover, G. L. Hutton, E. J. Prusiecki, and D. D. Schinbeckler. Home Economics—Sophomores: V. Royce, P. Terstegge, and P. Zwierlein. Juniors: L. Daniel, M. Mitchell, F. Raebig, M. L. Swaney, J. Thomas, and G. Walker. Seniors; J. Beemer and M. Johnson. , Science — Sophomores: R. Bennett, R. Hoffer, J. Jones, and J. R. Ogden. Juniors: M. S. Estey and R. Hall. Seniors: M. Baker and R. C. Walters. Electrical Engineering — Sophomore: J. W. Wise. Juniors: R. Colby, H. 0. Monson, R. Obenehain, H. E. Russell, and J. C. Woodson. Seniors: W. J. Cure and L. F. McNeill. (Continued on page 2)
Student Book Exchange To Open Monday
Union ballroom doors will open Monday noon on the second Student Book Exchange, non-profit, cooperative enterprise organized as a service to Purdue, students. Books will be received for exchange at that time, but none will be sold until Wednesday morning. Regular exchange hours will be 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. and during that time student senators and student Union workers will volunteer their services as clerks and salesmen. On Friday and Saturday nights next week the Exchange will close at 7 p. m. so that the ballroom may be cleared for mixers. The Exchange will be closed all day Sunday. Students bringing books to be exchanged will leave them at a receiving desk, where they will be given
a receipt slip, whi(e an identification slip is pasted in each book. Students will be allowed to set their own prices on all the books, although the receiving clerks will advise them them if they are in doubt of the books’ worth. After the books are sold notices will be posted on a bulletin board in the Union and students may collect the money for them. Books will be received for sale until next Saturday, and will be on sale until some time in the middle of the following week. Book Exchange personipel includes: Sully Mason, chairman; C. E. Bui'toQ, records manager; R. A. Buckles, publicity director; H. I. Stanback, secretary; C. G. Elliott,
m
book receiving manager; J. A. Ricltardson, personnel manager; P, T. Cooper, equipment manager; Mary McClelland, assistant records manager; and R. C. Kany, assistant publicity manager. When operated for the first time last year the Book Exchange was eminently successful. Over $2,400 worth of books were sold for students and the entire project was car-ried on without charge to the students served. The same system will be in use this year with oidy slight modifications. There will be a meeting of all persons interested in working at the exchange in the Faculty Lounge at 2:30 p, m. tomorrow.
^11-
£dHoJdaI
THE PURDIJE EXPONENT
3<aaJbuJdiA
Saturday, September 10, 1938
Welcome^ Class Of ^2 . . . . . . to Purdue University and your new fouryear home. We of the Exponent add our sincere greetings to those which will pour forth on you from all sides. Starting this morning the University will begin to cultivate your acquaintance, at first through the meetings, speeches, and examinations which make up your formal Orientation period, and later by the everyday mediums of classes, convocations, and extracurricular activities. Most Important . . . . . . among the tasks that await you is the necessity for acclimating yourself to the University life and atmosphere . . . the job of fitting yourself into the army of 6,000 men and women that swarms daily across the campus and nightly partakes of both recreation and study. The job can be hard or easy. At first everyone will take an interest in you. Fraternities and sororities will beckon, churches will seek your attendance, activities and hobby clubs will ask for your help and participation. Make the most of this interest —^find out what you want to occupy after class hours, where you want to live, and whose company you wish to keep. Don’t attempt too much in the way of social life or activity work, but find worthwhile things to do in the few idaily hours left over after sleep, classwork, and home study hours. You Enter Todays, . . ... a growing University. Your class is the fourth of a series of large freshman classes which have filled classes to capacity and taxed facultymen to the limit. Yes, enrollment has been swiftly mounting, and this year should see another increase of 600. Campus growth, too, has not been neglected. While you were deciding on Purdue as an alma mater this summer, PWA grants and state appropriations made possible over four million dollars worth of new buildings which you will begin using your sophomore year. Just in the last three years a new Fieldhouse, new residence halls, an executive building, and two agriculture buildings have been constructed. Changes and improvements have come thick and fast m the three years of the present seniors’ ken. Last year was inaugurated -a cooperative, non-profit.. student book exchange, which during that first half-year of existence exchanged for Purdue students nearly 2,000 books. Last year also students successfully started a movement to have final examinations filed for study purposes in the library. This year fraternities will conduct a Fraternity Week which will replace the much criticised individual Hell Weeks with a campus program of probation and pledge education. Last year an Activities Bureau was started. This year it will begin early in ac-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class nsatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published dajly except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally njl carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $3 BO
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C. Houston, B E Insley, W A. Kroeplin, D. G Terno, J C Woodson Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E M Antonini Circulation Manager W F Berg Sales Manager V Daugherty National Advertising Manager H W Nevin Accounts Manager W E Smith Art Director D J Henninger Editor Sally McKee CO-ED STAFF
Joy Johnson
Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF R. L. McDonald J A Hebbeler,
R Jenkins, R J Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
Associate Editors
Editor
Associate Editors
d:^]
^J^im and ^JdeF*
By Georgann Schilling
Dean Welcomes Freshmen
Something diffeient, something new—today we present the first of oui society column senes. Our idea IS not foi a news column, nor one foi gossip oi diit, but rathei squibs about what is happening in the social world of the campus —o— We hope to give you a glance at each week-end’s festivities and report the dance highlights for you. The original plans also include announcement of trade dinners, sorority and fraternity doings, and campus night life. Tonight’s mixei program calls for music by Bud Bryant’s orchestra. Although he has already received a degree from the University, Bud IS going to be appearing with his band at least until January. Glen Goff will also have a campus band this year. His musical organization was new last spring and played for several campus dances before the close of school. Elizabeth Pyke, former co-ed Exponent editor and a 1938 graduate of the Home Economics school, has been employed as a receptionist at the New York World’s Fair. She returned last week from a vacation abroad —0— Orrin Tucker and his band from the famed Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago are scheduled for an appearance on the campus next weekend. Tucker is a former student of Northwestern University. The Edgewater Beach Hotel is especially known atnong college students lor their popular College Night held every Friday. The admission cost is reduced to $1.30 per couple, and the floor show is composed of an alleollege cast usually from Northwestern. Lawrence Gobble, Gilman Stew-
ait, Chestei Kessler, Harry Nevin, Bob Cooley, Roger Anderson, Jack Swmney, Jack Broberg, Howard Crane, Andy Pen in, John Spitler, and Dyer Buttei field have returned to school after a nine week vacation in Euiope. Th§ boys worked their way over on a cattle boat and toured England, France, Switzerland, Italy, Germany, Holland, Belgium, Sweden, Denmark, and Scotland, They bicycled about a thousand miles of the trip.
Senate Nominees (Continued from page 1)
Civil Engineering — SophomoreL. B. McCammon. Juniors: L. A. Luth and R. L. Reiley. Seniors: R. H. Fatout, G. W. Shartzer, and M. D. Stepath. Mechanical Engineering—Sophomores: D. Heiple, R. A. Dilts, J. D, Fisher, G. A. Knapp, and M. Kline. Juniors: D. Gridley, W. A. Hart, and R, Oblingei. Senior: J. D. Baker. Chemical Engineering — Sophomores- A. Clarke, J. C. Van Horn, R. G. Massey, and H. F. Poll. Juniors: C.- C. Boyd, H Fishburn, W.
J Hams, C. B. Metz, D. Meyers, and H. D. Wilmeth Seniors, D. H. Meisner and B. D. Witwer. Public Service Engineering, Physical Education, Pharmacy, and Engineering Law—H. N. Behrends, G N. Gieey, P. L. Hamman, H. F. Layson, R, Potter, J. M. Rice, and J. Swandei.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT Will Be On Sale At ORIENTATION
REGISTRATION • ^ UNION LOBBY
DEAC'S
SOUTHWORTH'S
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklity
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergiaduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are Hvritten by* the editor-in-chief
quainting you new students with Purdue extracurricular organizations and helping you find which of them suit you best. All these things and many others have indicated the progressive trend that has characterized both students and University. This year for the first time in 16, Purdue will be without a president for five months, President E. C. Elliott, who will speak to you this morning leaves soon for Manila on a wellearned vacation leave. In his absence a special administrative cpmmittee will attend to Purdue’s executive duties. This morning’s meeting with our prexy will be your last for the semester, freshmen, so make the most of it. Friendly Advice . . . . . . will come from all sides, but the best advice we can give is . . . get an early start, make friends with your fellow students and instructors, keep at all times abreast of your work, and don’t attempt too much too soon. Keep some of your ideas and ambitions for the next three years.
New students are the life blood of an institution; without them the institution would soon cease to open its doors. Some wag Ijas said that freshmen are yery' profitable to a University; they bring a good deal with theny^nd take very Jittle away. Whetlje/ this be true or not, depends upon how one looks at it. Anyway today we are happy to see so large a number of new faces on our campus. The Dean of Men and his office staff are anxious to be of service to you. We are a clearing house for information. If other sources fail you, try us. I sincerely hope that you will find Pikdue all that you had hoped and morqand that you will have four years of mappy and profitable experience. J M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men,
Hello, hello, hello. The school bells ring, and we check in too. Another year, another paper, the year’s first column—^just for you, our freshmen (and of couise for the group of upperclassmen already engaged m a rat i ac^known as Rush ) Perhaps this morning you only glanced through the pjaper and by chance stumbled on our Bold and Black column. But then, yjdu’lrv learn. In less than a week you’will have become accustomed to jumping out of bed, dashing for a paper and madly searching through the items for the mosta of the besta of the worsta dirt.
Summer Time—Ah, the changes it brings. Did you notice the wedding column, and we’re really just beginning to get aiound. WINNIE GREGORY IS said to have whispered to CARL SWAN, SAA prexy, a promise to “go steady” as the phrase goes. We’ve heard of no pm exchange though, as yet. FRESHMEN- Beware of a beap^ tiful blonde clerk in Deac’s bookstore. A fellow rhine went into the store the other night to buy a bag of peanuts. However, before he left MARTHA had sold him $45.00 worth of books and supplies. Such salesmanship! No wonder she’s featured in the DEBRIS. The last name is WOOD. 0 And ROSIE MILBURN, who finally hooked a fish and now wears a Beta pm, has aiianged to live acioss from the Beta house wherein dwells hei love, BILL ELSTUN About the gayest time we have had described to us is the Southern trip taken by DICK POPHAM, BUD RHODES, CHICK MEEHAM, and JOHN SW4RDI. They claim to have celebrated hilariously on Kentucky’s famed Ram’s Head Ale, and now they’re ailing. Sad’ NOTICE TO FRESHMEN WOMEN- The Debris photographei is searching for beauties to photograph foi display woik. Last year’s beauties didn’t wear so well. Bewaie, young and lovely (and the other four bundled and forty-nine fieshmen gals, too). Don’t be roped in' LOCAL BOY MAKES GOOD—or politics scores again. So runs the story of Alpha Gamma Rho TOMMY GRAHAM who was an ace campus pohtician in his day. Tommy is carrying on as before only he now has a job in Meosha, Missouri, and is living in great style with the mayor of the town. Some class! —o— MARTHA PLACE, Chi 0 cutie, has decided to trod the last mile and say “I DO” instead of continue in search of knowledge. The groom-to-be IS SPE BILL GARMES.
“My life is over,” says the look in DON TERRIO’S eyes when someohe speaks of MARY ED JOHNSTON’S decision to not return to PURDUE. She is among the many Kappas listed as “Missing” this fall. Can you imagine MARGE (Of Thee I Sing) STARRET, who recently became the wife of JOHN (Speech Instiuctor) DIETRICH, attending a meeting of the wives of the English department. Perhaps they’ll give her the juvenile lead in one of their dramas. —0— School days. School days Dear old golden (SLIDE) Rule days, Reading’, Writin’ and Calculus Taught by the rule of the “Purdue Honor System” IT SEEMS that the activities at Foit Knox were not confined to Militaiy Science and Tactics. The Purdue Division had a battery “A” girl by the name of Bette Day, but I understand that she was a much bettei “Bette” at night. FOR DETAILS on the jabove ask Mathews and Millholland.
“His Majesty’s recommendations for the national defense are: 10,000 cannon, 100,000 soldiers, 1,000 battleships, and 5,000 planes — and if we can’t get it in chocolate, he wants it in vanilla!”
W
4 V
Copt I93B by United ^«aiu^e dyncivate Inc
He d be quite a catch, daughter—he s my only salesman on a straight salary!”
Fletcher Henderson Plays For Summer Session Prom Four hundred couples, led" by Prom King Cecil Isbell and Queen Kathleen Zollman, swayed to the sweet and hot rhythms of “Christopher Columbus” Henderson’s orchestra on the night of June 29 as Purdue’s first Summer Prom.^limaxed the social activities of the 1938 Summer Session. The Summer Prom, a new fea-
THE ORGANIZED boys have started a new rush song for the fraternities this year, its title is “The Cary Hall Blues.” Now if the sororities think they’ll need a sequance for the above, may we suggest “The Flat Foot Floogie.” QUESTIONS & ANSWERS Q. Will the soroiities continue this cut-thioat lush program? A. Yep OVERHEARD IN THE UNION UPPERCLASSMAN—“Well, the freshmen guls are lolling in.” FRESHMAN — “They’re rollin’ all right.” SUMMING EVERYTHING up the news on the campus tapers down to the fact that there is a new phonograph in the Sweet Shop, with “OF Man Mose” holding top honors. IT WOULD be nice to tell about the pin-pushers of the summer months but this column is limited. The caption would be “Pin Pushing Progress Plunges Pass Previous Peaks.” FAMOUS LAST LINE: If you want to read DOIT of the first water, send some in.
ture of the summer social season, became an actuality after an overwhelming majority of students and staff membeis approved the idea in the Exponent-Union poll. The tickets were pi iced at $2 in accordance with the desiies of the majority of the voters. Annual Summer Prom At 11 o’clock popularly-selected Piom King Cecil Isbell and Queen Kathlqen Zollman were introduced to the crowd by Grand March Chairman Sully Mason who presented the queen with a dozen roses and the king with a slip good for two dollars worth of refreshments in either the sweet shop or gull. “We’ve decided to hold a Prom some time in July during every Summei Session,” said Union Manager L. M. Vallely after the Prom. “I’m completely satisfied with the Results of the first affair of this kind.”
The name of the University of Michigan, as given in its 1817 charter, IS “Catholepistemiad or University of Michigania.”
Haivaid University has more than 60 squash racquet courts, more than any other college or university in the United States.o I,
Saturday, September 10, 1938 /'
THE PURDtlE EXPONENT
miSm
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty Colonel Donald Beere Will Replace Blakely As PMST
5''^'
Cop, ISM ky Cnttot rtatm Synatcplo, lao.
‘There are 30,000 people out there waiting and watching, men —go out and fight—give them everything you’ve got!
& the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings ! Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. IRION DENTIST 1 19 Vz Vine West Lafayette ^ Phone 4965
• Jewelers
• Florists
.J R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
CLARK'S Floral Company Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue students. 527 Mam Phone 5432
e Dine
RUDY'S DINE DANCE Afternoon and Evening U S 52 at Lindbergh Road
Donald M. Beere, colonel of field artillery in the United States Army, has been detailed to replstce^olonel C. S.« Blakely as commandant of the University Corps. ColonelNBlakely retired from active duty lai^ June after the completion of the school year. The new commandant assumed his duties as professor of military science and tactics here September 1, coming from Fort Bragg, N. C. Colonel Beere had heard of the University Corps before he came to Lafayette and said in a recent interview, “The Purdue ROTC has a perfectly splendid record throughout the Army, and I consider myself fortunate to be detailed as PMS&T here.” “It’s been my observation that AIR-CONDITIONED
SUNDAY •—MONDAY TOoc I ncix I I nc URST TIME, GABLE ,“*™CpLBERT, a. FRANK CAPRAfifo/odiin I ^ —AND— ^
LAST TIMES TODAY lack Randall in 'LAND OF FIGHTING MEN'
Ralph Morgan in 'THAT'S MY STORY'
'ZORRO RIDES AGil^N' "DONALD DUCK"
HELP WANtEP...MALE! But it was no trick for Nancy to get her man... because this little gal could cuddle, kiss and cook! The Year's Surprise Laugh Hit!
MNET GAYNOR , SWEKTHEAHT OF "A STAR IS BORN'* ROBERT MONTGOMERY BRILLIANT STAR OF~‘'YELLOW JACK" FRANCHOT TONE
C — starting TODAY
MARS
mome:
liiGim m
ALL WEEK Starting TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY MARTHA rate in 'GIVE ME A SAILOR'
LAFAYETTE
Cinema Cues
the army appreciates the wholehearted support that Dr. Elliott and the faculty give the ROTC unit here, and many army officers who have never been detailed at Purdue have remarked about the fact,” commented Colonel Beere in elucidating on the University Corps’ reputation. Other New Officers Other new corirmissioned officers on the ROTC teaching staff are Capt. David Larr and Capt. Charles O. Wiselogel. Captain Larr comes here from Port Sill, Okla., while Captain Wiselogel left Hawaii to come to the University. Colonel Beere’s military history began with his entrance in the U. S. Military Academy June 15, 1905. After being graduated in 1909, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Fourth Field Artillery, sef-ving first at Fort D. A. Russell, Wyo. In 1910 the Colonel went to the Philippine Islands, being engaged part of the time in a military survey of the Island of ^j^on. On August 23, 1913, he be<iame an instructor of mathemaf^sat^he U. S. Military Academy, and he was promoted to first lieutenant in 1915. Receives Service Cross During the World War, Colonel Beere served in the Marbache Sector and St. Mihiel and Metise-_Ar-gonne offensives, being elevated to the rank of Colonel. He was awarded a Distinguished Service Cross for “extraordinary heroism in action” near Buzancy, France, November 3, 1918. After the War he was returned to the grade of captain and then promoted to major. He served at Camp Knox, Ky., and Port Bragg, N. C., and then entered the Command and General Staff School in 1922, where he was graduated as an honor graduate in f923. JFrom September, 1927, to June, 1928, Colonel Beere was a student officer in the Army War College. '
SUNDAY — MONDAY
MARK TWAIN’S Best loved story in brilliant technicolor THE
With TOMMY KELLY MAY ROBSON
LAST DAY “”2 BIG FEATURES GENE AUTRY in “SPRINGTIME IN THE ROCKIES” —AND— The amazing story of the wom-an-eating white tiger ... “BOOLOO”
NEW LOW PRICES Matinee 10c-20c Night 10c-20c-25c Night prices prevail on Sunday and Holidays. ’ «
“Alexander’s Ragtime Band,” to be shown at the new Lafayette theater starting tomorrow and continuing all next week, is a production of Twentieth Century Fox under the direction of Henry King, famous for his “Old Chicago” picture. The picture boasts the starring trio of Alice Fay, Don Ameche, and Tyrone Power. Prom Barbary Coast honkey tonks in their pre-war heyday to a jazz concert in Carnegie Hall • in 1938, the story of Alexander’s great musical career is linked with that of singer Stella Kirby. Through the love story of these hot heads is woven a chain of memorable events and 28 Irving Berlin songs, from the famous “Alexander’s Ragtime Band” to the very newest hit, “Now It Can Be Told.” * * * “Three Loves Has Nancy,” a breezy comedy starring Janet Gaynor, Robert Montgomery, and Pranchot Tone starts today at the Mars and will continue through September 14. Nancy, of course, is played by Janet while Bob is cast in a comedy role as Malcolm Niles, a novelist, who meets Nancy, a small town girl on a tour. Franchot Tone, the novelist’s publisher, falls in love with Nancy and the three battle it out for her favor in a series of capers. Guess who wins! i|c « * Lf you haven’t met Mark Twain’s Tom Sawyer and friends they live again on the screen in “The Adventures of Tom Saywer,” coming Sunday and Monday at the Luna Theater. It is a result of the production of David Selsnick, who formerly produced “The Prisoner of Zenda” and “David Copperfield.” Life along the Mississippi in technicolor is portrayed by a cast of Tommy Kelly, a new “find,” and Jackie Moran, May Robson, and Victor Jory. * M! * At the Arc Jack Randall in “Land of Fighting Men” and Ralph Morgan in “That’s My Story” furnish the double feature for today. A western short “Zorro Rides Again” and a Donald Duck comedy complete the bill. “It Happened One Night,” Prank Capra’s hit comedy of 1935, may be seen at the Arc Sunday through Wednesday. Claudette Colbert and Clark Gable in this romance of a Park Avenue heiress and a newspaper reporter. H * -H “Mother Carey’s Chickens,” the
Frost, both of the University animal husbandry staff. The former was in charge of the contest. Vegetable Judging Robert Arvidson, of West Lafayette, also won a |100 scholarship in the vegetable judging contest although he placed second to James Schell, Terre Haute, who was ineligible, since he has another year in high school. J. W. Jones, of Whiteland, was announced as winner of the Linwood farm $100 scholarsiiip to Purdue for his 4-H Club achievements and his record as a Percheron horse breeder. Record breaking crowds attended the fair on Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday with this year’s total well above that of last year which broke all records. On Tuesday the track record was also broken when Greyhound trotted a mile in the phenominal time of one minute and 56% seconds. This feat bested Angel Child’s trotting record of 2:00% and Minor Heir’s pacing record of l:58y2. Although the grey gelding failed by % of a second to better his own world record of 1 ;56 he set last year at Lexington, it has been equalled only once in trotting history and that being by P^ter Manning back in 1922 when he went the route in 1:56%, a record Which stood until last year.
Orientation— (Continued from page 1)
on probation, will register alphabetically Tuesday from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m, and Wednesday from 8 a. ct. to 11 a. m. t Old students on probation wiH register according to their orientation numbers from 8 a. m. Tuesday top. m. Wednesday. New undergraduate and special students will register according to their orientation numbers |tom 8 a. m. Tuesday to 2:30 p. m. Wednesday. Graduate students will register alphabetically from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. Monday and from 8 a. m. to 3 p. m. Tuesday.
chief attraction at the New Main Theater, will be shown in a midnight show tonight and will continue through Wednesday. Ruby Keeler and Anne Shirley appear as the eldest chickens in this story based on Kat Douglas Wiggins’ best seller while Fay Bainter gives another motherly performance as Mrs. Carey.
‘ STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:30.
A PICTURE THAT DARES TO BE HUMAN AND TRUE! ...brought to tho screen from Kate DouglasWiggins glorious novel of American girlhoodi
MOTHER CAREYS CHICKENS' ^ with ANNE SHIRLEY < RUBY KEELER JAMES ELLISON*FAY BAINTER WALTER BRENNAN Frank Albertson Alma Kruger ^ ^ Virginia Weidler ^ $250,000 “Movw Quia" Contest Pictnio
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE SQUADRON OF HONOR with Don Terry — Mary Russell —Pius— DANGER—LOVE AT WORK with Ann Sothern — Jack HaleyV./V,-‘| ;' i^i;’-''-S|lf
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
. Saturday^ September 10, 1938
IG 10 ^ancfwasroji
Most of the Big Ten football teams begin practice today. Along with the Boilermakers, Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota have only two weeks of practice before their openers. ♦ * ♦ Home fans at Illinois will be witnessing the beginning of Bob Zupp^ ke’s second quarter of a century as head coach of the lUini when his team-^meets Ohio University September 24. McDonald, veteran center, will lead the Orange and Blue defense. His play in the middle of the line was largely responsible for the shutouts administered Notre Dame and Northwestern last year. Jay Wardley and ex-Boilermaker Chuck Purvis are two of the main figures in Zuppke’s backfield plans. 5»! 5H sp Iowa is counting on rising in the B igTen gridiron ranks. Last season, Ira Tubbs’ first year as head coach of the Hawkeyes, they won only one game, against Bradley Tech. This year, with 19 major letterm en back, Iowa fans are sure "'that the showing will be better. Among the men who will carry the ^ mail for the Hawkeyes is Henry Luebcke, the heaviest man who ever played for Iowa./ He tips the beam at 275. One of the quarterbacks "for Iowa weighs 122 pounds less than the big tackle. ‘Ray Eicherly and Niles Kinnick are the two backfiete headliners. ^ % H; At Minnesota they ar,e saying “If we get by the Huskies , . .” We might add, “Then there’s Nebraska, then Purdue . . Van Every is. the man to watch. He made two touchdowns, on 58 and 75 yard runs in his first game last year against North Dakota State. H: % Hi Wisconsin, the second Big Ten opponent of the Boilermakers, has 16 tackles who weigh.200 pounds or more. Stuhldreher, now in his third year at the Badger institiig. tion, worked his' system in using mostly sophomores two years ago, and this year pre-season dope has it that he will have only one soph in the starting lineup, the rest being veterans of at least one full campaign.
* *
Chicago has 37 members of the 1937 squad returning, including 11 major letter winners. Triple threat Hamity, 190 pound signal caller, heads the Maroon attack. They meet Coach Stagg’s College of the Pacific team at Chicago November 22 in the Season’s highlight. Michigan claims to be the most colorful team in the country this year... The men will wear “(1) emerald yellow and blue headgear, (2) light, dazzling royal^..JWue, silky jerseys and stockings,^and (3) knitted^ pants of,. a striking champagne hue,” word from the Michigan press service relates. . jjc * % Although without Heap and Van-. zo, Northwestern’s Wildcats have a wealth of veteran material. Halfback and signal-caller Ryan, and tackles Voigts and Cutlich are the standouts among the vets. Quarterback Conteas weighs 200 pounds. ♦ ♦ * At Ohio State Coach Schmidt will try to keep up his amazing winning percentage. Since coming to the Buckeye school he has won' IS out of 21 conference games and 25 put of 32 games altogether in four years. Co-captains Kabealo and Kapl'anoff are the outstanding men on the squad. * * * Radio announcers will have a tough job keeping folks in mind of the fact that Bucchianeri is from Monongahela, Pennsylvania, but he is due to see a lot of action as a soi)homore tackle for Indiana this fall. A lot depends upon Captain Graham, last year’s sub for Corby Davis.
Postmaster Warns Hew Students About/ Letter Addressing The Lafayette Post Office attempts at all times to improve the service, and in this endeavor the Purdue students can assist very materially, if they will. One of the most serious mattery is mailing. With each school year\ there is an increasing number of letters and cards mailed by students (as well as some who are not student) either carelessly addressed or not addressed at all. The address is the most imporfant part of a let-ter-—not properly addressed, it does not get far. As a double insurance of correct handling in the Post Office', each letter or package should bear in the upper left hand corner, the name and address of the sender. This enables the return of the letter or parcel if for any reason it , cannot be delivered. Proper postage is another "thing, that should be watched, carefully because it speeds up delivery if the letter or parcel is covered by. required postage. Students moving from one address to another * should promptly report changes of address, so that when mail comes to them at their old addrdss it can be changed 'by postal distributors'. •
' ■'X,
■ For the convenience of the student body, a postal sub-station has been opened in Cary Hall, under the chargter, of Director" G. p. ' Arbuckle. Mail will be delivered to this station regularly, and mail will be picked up three times daily—the last collection being at 8 p. m. This station will do a regular postal business, and it is hoped students will patronize it so that future extensions will-be justified. -Students are asked - to report promptly to postal authorities or the civic police, any destruction or abuse of government property.. There is a great local pride taken in the appearance of the postal property—it is kept "painted up, clean, and attractive, and I ask the students to help keep it that way. And they can dO'So).if they will at
once report any abuse of government property to the authorities. The Lafayette Post Office and its branches seek to serve all'its patrans in a prompt and satisfactory manner, and to -do so asks, the cooperation of the Purdue student
body. ings.
Exercise care in your mailRHENO M. ISHEfeWOOD,
Postmastefi
By J. A. Hebbeler
Once, classes begin and the grind of scho(?I >vork gets under way, the sports mindeu students will start looking for recreation to-break the monotony. For this purpose the University has established the in-
tramural department which corf ducted 61 tournameifbs in 16 sports during the last school year.
Equipment for most of the sports is available at the check-out window in the basement of the fieldhouse, and instruction can be arranged for in many of the games. Those with hidden ambitions to become adept at fencing, archery or any Other of a number of the lesser sports will find a chance to fulfill this desire through the intramural department.
Freshmen intei’ested in trying out for the position of Intramural Manager are asked to report to the Intramural office. Thursday,' September 16, at 4:00 in the afternoon. The men will work throughout their freshman year assisting With’ the sports program and will thep be eligible for one of two sophomore
positions and later the junior managership..
Starting today the swimming pool will be open throughout the day, to cool off and freshen up the weary men. ^Temporary locker arrangements can be made for the time in the pool at the check-out. windows by those not having permanenti lockers.
Freshmen ..with aSpir’atidns for places onJ fhe tennis tehm might do well tp take part in the coming fj’eshman* and all-campus tournaments this fall.. Although there will be no call for the, yearling squad until n^t spring;" the acquaintance^ and expCTience game^will be helpful. Ent^ blanks af« posted outside the checkrout officerittsthe fieldhouse. ■ .
HOWDYf / Come in and look ^ over. We’re ready to, serve you tempting meals'at popular prices. PURDUE COFFEOhOP . (119 Vine Street
HAYS JEWEI,RY CO. East Side of Square SHE AFTER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
WELCOME STUDENTS See us first for everything you need. Come in today and see what you save on supplies and every day needs.
Purdue 5c lo $1.00 Store Wesf Lafayette We also carry a complete line pf Drawing Instruments and Drawing Supplies.
Frosli . . . * When business interferes with lunch let business go to — ; and let us go to TOM'S ARMORY Restaurant for one of those t^sty, economical meals. TOM'S ARMORY toAURANT
EVERYONE IS HEADING FOR
COLLEGE INN CAFETERIA f ^ ' Across from the Union
STUDENTS Protect your Personal Propertyand Cameras. Low Rates. Easy Terms. W. P. Weiss, Luif Agency Room 4, Sharp/Bldg. Phone 2566 Lafayette
to Purdue
It Is Good To Repack And In The Swing Of Things Again . . To Greet Old And-New Friends In The Student Haunts MILK IS AS-^ESSENTIAL TO STUDENTS AS FRIENDS
For Four Dairy Needs Call
FARMS
807 N. 4th Street
Phone 5015' "■ - ''Sllii',;
. Saturday,' September 10, .1.938.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
ti
I
1/
> I
Presenting ’^to Freshmen
the NEW
1939
/
ESCRIPTION OF PURDUE
TERNAL MEMORIES
EAUTIES OF THE CAMPUS
EVIEW OF THE YfAR
f -
NTERESTING SNAPSHOTS OF STUDENT LIFE
Sororities Remodel Houses, Prepare For Returning Co*eds Fresh paint, naw wall paper, and new locations will greet the co-eds who are" members of the seven Greek letter sororities when they return to Purdue this week. Members of Alpha Xi Delta will
move into their new brick and stucco house in the 500 block on University Street this fall. The new house, which is built -in old English style, will accommodate 35 girls. The residence consists of three stor-| ies and a basement and includes a: modern fire tower which has already been approved by state auth<|rities. The cornerstone has been set in such a way that it may be-removed for the dedication ceremonies this fall. Mrs. Nina Mahin,^ Alpha Xi (Continued on page 6)
Registration Schedule I. Distinguished students of June, 1938, have the privilege of registering Monday, September 12, at 8 A. M., or at any other time darnug the registration period. II. Undergraduate and spSbial students Who have no unremoved C, D, I or F grades on record, and are noton probation, register according "to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
Aa-Bi Mon., Sept. 12, 8:30 A.M. Bj-Cha Mon., Sept. 12, 9:00 A. M. Chb-Di Mon., Sept. 12, 9:30 A. M. Dj..Gan Mon., Sept. 12,10:00 A. M. Gao-Hel Mon'., Sept. 12.10 :30 A. M. Hem-Jz Mon., Sept. 12,11:00 A. M. Ka-Lo Mon., Sq;>t 12, 1:00 P.H.
Bp-Min Mio-Pe Pt-Bz Sa-Sn So-Uz Va-Zz
Mon., Sept. 12, 1:MP,M: Mon.,3na.l2, 2:OOP.Bft. Mon.. Sept. 12, 2:30P.M. Mon.,Sept. 12. 3:00P.H. Mon., Sept. 12, 3:30 P.M. Mon.. Sept. 12, 4:00 P.M.
^WELCOME BACK! fFE’RE GL4D TO SEE YOU.
The Tried and Tested '"‘‘Tru-Foint”Dress Shirt
Trii-Point—the distinctive dress shirt with the smooth, stay-fresh coilar! Can't wilt, curi or wrinklel Points lie flat and stay that wayl Fine pre-shrunk broadcloths in wide choice of plain colors or prints. Excellent tailoring.
SHIRTS--SHORTS 35c Value 25t
Each
Sears exclusive Pilgrim brand! White Kilburn combed cotton shirts;-sizes 30 to 44. Sanforized sTirunk fancy or plain white broadcloth shorts; sizes 30 to 44.
J
PAJAMAS
$1.00 Values
88c
Good, fast-- color broadcloths in plain and fancy colorings. Full cut. Choice of middy . . . coat-size . . . collarless or with notched collar. Sizes A, B, C, D.
RUiEER RAINCOAT
$2.50 Value $1.98
100% waterproof. Lightweight. Popular single breasted style. Will not crack or peel. $2.50 value. Sizes 34 to 48.
SHOP CAPS
35c Value 25t
Practical and cool! One-piec^ cap in washable cotton fabrics. Assorted stripes. Nonshrinkable visor. Sizes 6% to 71/2.
SEARS ROEBUCK & CO
3rd and South Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
III. Undegraduates and special students who have unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the , first letters of their surnames, as follows: I
Aa-Bak Bal-Bot Bon-Gan Cao-Cri Crj-Dox? Doy-Foli Fom-Gri Grb-Her Hei-Hz la-Kes Ket-Lev
Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues.,
Sept. 18, Sept. 18, Sept. 13, Sept. 12, Sept. 13, Sept. 13, Sept. 13, Sept. 13, Sept. 13, Sept. 13, Sept. 13,
8:00 A. M. 8:30 A.M. 9:00 A. M. 9:30 A. M. 10:00 A.M. 10:30 A. M. 11:00 A. M. 1:0O P. M. 1:30 A. M. 2:00P. M. 2:30 P. M.
Lew-Mal Mam-Mi Mi-Or Os-Pz Q-Sap Saq-Sha Shb-Sto Stp-Ti Tj-Wel Wem-Zz
includint'-all Me and Mae. Tues., Sept. 13, 3:00P,M. Tues., Se^ 13, 8:30 P. M. Tues., Sept. 13, 4:00 P.M. Wed., Sept. 14, 8:00 A.M. Wed.. Sept. 14, 8:30 A.M. Wed., Sept. 14, 9;00A.M. Wed., Sept 14, 9:30 A.M. Wed., Sept 14.10:00 A. H. Wed., Sept 14.10:3Q A. M. Wed., Sept 14.11:00 A. M.
IV. Old Students on-probation register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
A-E F-K
Wed., Sept 14, Wed., Sept. 14,
1:00 P. M. 1:30 P. M.
Lr-R S-Z
Wed., Sept 14, 2:00 P.M. Wed., Sept 14, 2:30 P.M.
V. New undergraduate and special students register according to their numbers in the Orientation Period, as follows:
1- 20 it- 40 41- 60 61- 80 81-100 101-120 121-140 141-160 161-180 181-200 201-220 221-240 241-260
661- 630 631- 710 711- 790 791- 870 871- 950 961-1030 1031-1110 1111-1190 1191-1270 1271-1350 1361-1430 1431-1610 1511-1690
Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept. 13, Tu., Sept 13. Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept. 13, Tu., Sept. 13, Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept 13, Tu., Sept 13,
8:00 A. M. 8:30 A. M, 9 :e0 A. M. 9:30 A. M. 10:00 A. M. 10:30 A. M. 11:00 A. M. 1:00 P. M. 1:30 P.'M. 2:00 P. M. 2:30 P. M. 3:00 P. M. 3:30 P. M.
261-280 281-300 301-320 321-340 341-360 361-380 381-400 401-420 421-440 441-460 461-480 481-560
1691-1670 1671-1760 1761-1830 1831-1910 1911-1990 1991-2070 2071-2160 2^-2230 2231-2310 2311-2390 2391-2470 2471-end
Tu., Sept 13, Wd., Sept 14, Wd.. Sept. 14, Wd., Sept 14, Wd., Sept 14, Wd.. Sept 14, Wd., Sept 14, Wd., Sept 14, Wd.. Sept 14, Wd.. Sept 14. Wd.. Sept 14, Wd.. Sept 14,
4:00 P. M. 8:00 A.M. 8:30 A.M. 9:00 A.M. 9:30 A.M. 10:00 A.M. 10:30 A.M. 11:00 A. Ml 1:00 P. M. 1:30 P.M. 2:00 P. M. 2 :30 P. M.
VI. Graduate students register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follo"ws; .
A-Bl Mon., Sept 12, 9 :00 A. M. M Bo-Ch . Mon., Sept 12, 10 :00 A. M. N-P Cl-D Mon., Sept. 12, 11:00 A. M. R-Sh E-Gi _ Mon., Sept. 12, 1:00 P. M. Si-Sz Gl-He Mon.,Sept. 12, 2:00 P. M. T-V Hi-J Mon., Sept. 12, 3:00 P. M. W-Z K-L Tues., Sept. 13, 8:00 A. M.
Tues., Sept. 13, 9:00 A. M. Tues., Sept 13, 10:00 A. M. Tues., Sept 13,11:00 A. M. Tues., Sept 13, 1:00 P. M. Tues., Sept 13, 2:00 P. M. Tues., Sept 13, 3:00 P. M.
Finest Drawing Instruments LOWEST PRICES B. L. Horwitz ^28 Main Street SPORHNCGOODS / / . Open All Next Week Until 8 P. M.
\
Learn to Fly!
Learn to^ fly while in school from a compe^nt instructor AT L0W/4\TES
PURDUE UNIVERSITTAIRPORT
C^pt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee
Phone 41641
y
ENIOR PICTURES and PORTS V
THE PURDUE \ YEAR-BOOK
HOWDY, STUDENTS, CAll A YIELLOU can
5023
3071
, PHONE
/Baggage Service 25t PFR PASSENGER ANYWHERE IN LAFAYET1E OR WESI UFAYEnE
t
BUCK CARS FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS PEOPLES CENTRAL CAB CO^+»?*■■•
Im
X,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. Septei^er 10. 1938
President's Office Announces New Faculty Members' Names
Names Of Many 1938 Grads Appear On Lengthy List
D. D. Baals, assistant in the e ngineering experiment station; F. D. Barlow, graduate teaching assistant in farm managem&t; H. S. Barnaby, assistant in chemistry; G. V. Beard, assistant in ch^mistryv. D. M. Beere, Colonel, F. A., U. S. A., professor of military science and tactics; R. O. Belcher, assistant in general biology; J. F. Bell, assistant in the engineering experiment station. R. D. Best, assistant in chemistry; Carl Bordenca, assistant in cheniistry; C/j^. Boswell, fellow in pharmacy; Eleanor Breemes, assistant in division of. education and applied 'psychology; J. E. Brock, assistant in applied mechanic^ D. G. Brodie, as&istant in pharmacy; C. A. Burlchard, fellow in chemistry; T. M/Burton, assistant in chemistry; A. Campbell, assistant in chemistry i R. E. Campbell, assistant in chemistry. Mai^jorie Case, assistant in physical education for women; R. H. Chinn, assistant in short courses and exhibits, department of agricultural extension; J. R. Clarke, fellow in divisioh of education and applied psychology. Eleanor Clizbe, assistant foods manager and^ housekeeper, Cary Halls; Dorotfiy Coan, assistant foods manager and housekeeper, Cary Halls; 0. D. Collins, graduate assistant in home economics, agricultural experiment station. Harold Conrad, fellow in pharmacy; J. C. Dibble, graduate assistant in farm management, agricultural experiment station; R. H. Downing, instructor in mathematics; R. E. Dunham, assistant in chemistry; P. H. Egli, assistant in the engineering experiment station; K. E. Eldridge, graduate assistant in agricultural chemistry, agricultural experiment station. Opal Emmons, fellow in division of education and applied psychology; P. C. Emmons, assistant in mechanical engineering; W. L. Ettesvold, gra4da|e teaching assistant in farm man^ement; R. L. Farabee, acting ass^ate professor of
chemical engineering; A. E. Finholt, assistant in chemistry. R. A. Fraser, instructor in physical education for women; M. T. Gannon, assistant in electrical engineering; C. K. Ganong, instructor in economics; N. B. Gewirtz, assistant in division of education and apjplied psychology;. W. W. Glenny, assistant in department of engineer- . ing extension. P. R. Godfrey, assistant in chemistry; William Goetz, assistant chemist, joint highway research project, engineering experiment station; LeRoy Donald Graves, asr sistant soils engineer, joint liighway research-project, engineering experiment station. ' L. F. Green, graduate assistant in agricultural chemistry, agricultural experiment station; R. S. Green, instructor in engineering drawing; J. E. Halstead, assistant in applied design and clothing and textiles; R. L. Henry, assistant chemist, department of agricultural chemistry, agricultural experiment station. M. E. H. Houk, instructor in agricultural chemistry; H. W. Jacobson, assistant in chemistry; Isabel Jakway, assistant in home administration; A. P. Johnson, assistant to director of engineering personnel. ’ E. M. JohnsoiVinstructor in English; J. R. Johnson, assistant purchasing agent; E. P. Kendall, graduate assistant in agronomy; S. 0. Kessler, assistant in farm management, department of agricultural extension; David Larr, Captain, F. A., U. S. A., assistant professor of military science and tactics. C. H. Lawshe, research assistant, joint highway research project, engineering experiment station; H. S. Lecky, fellow in chemistry; H. F. Lefevre, fellow in pharmacy; Winifred Lynsky, instructor in English; G. W. McAlpin, fellow in civil engineeiing. R. P. McClamrock, graduate assistant in agricultural engineering, agricultural exi^riment station; R. A. MacGregor, assistant in applied
Play Golf at
3<MdA. Lafayette’s Public Golf Course % of a Mile North of the Field House Students, Members of the Faculty and Employees of the University can procure coupons good for a round of golf at THE MEMORIAL UNION and the ' INTRAMURAL OFFICE at the following SPECIAL UNIVERSITY REDUCED
PRICES
40c 9-Hole Coupons 25c 60c 18-Hole Coupons 40c University Coupons are valid only by Students or| Employees and members of the Faculty of Purdue Uaivej-sity.
//
r
.a
Looking Toward A New School Year
Freshrrien and old co-eds — start this year off right. Appearance means so much to your success on the campus, so why not give us a chance? We're prepared to help you make the most of your natural beauty. KII^NLY BEAUTY SHOP 822 Main Phone 7727
mechanics; W. A. McKinzie, assistant in agricultural education; T. P. Marsh, assistant in chemistry; D. W. Marshall, assistant in vocational agriculture pfactice-teaching; D. C. Miller, assistant in the engineering experiment station. S. G. Mittelstaedt, assistant in pharmacy; J. B. Montgomery, assistant in chemistry; W: R. Moore, assistant in chemistry; M. L. Moss, assistant in chemistry. G. H. Mossop, assistant in physics; H. C. Murray, assistant in macteriology; H. F. Owen, assistant professor of engineering shop practice; George Perkins, XR fellow, engineering experiment station; K. J. Perkins,_assistant in psychology; J. A. Pianfetti, fellow in pharmacy; G. H. Purcell, assistant in physics. C. A. Reichelderfer, XR fellow, engineering experiment -station; R. IJ. Pigterink, assistant in chemistry; G. F. Roedel, assistant in cheih^ istry; M. A. Sampson, assistant in psychology; F. C. Scheuch, consultant in fraternity affairs. Naomi Schiller, assistant in education and applied psychology; Betty Schilling, assistant in foods and nutrition; R. L. Schmoyer, instructor in machine design; Frances Schneider, instructor in home eco^mics education, resident teacher Trainer. P. M. Seal, assistant in electrical engineering; D. R. Shreve, instructor in mathematics; R. P. Siskind, associate professor of electrical engineering; Charles Slesser, assistant chemist in the engineering experiment station; H. E. Swaim, assistant in home economics education, supervisory teacher in hom6 economics education. H. P. Sweany, assistant in agricultural education; H. B. Taylor, instructor in agricultural education; E. C. Thoma, assistant in testing materials; F. E. Vanderploeg, assistant in home administration. J. B. Vaughan, assistant in pharmacy; J. L. Waling, assistant in applied mechanics; G. C. Walters, assistant in chemistry; K. S. Warren, assistant in chemistry; R. E. Wean,
assistant professor of biology. M. S. Webster, instructor in mathematics; N. E. Weitkamp, graduate assistant in animal husbandry, agricultural experiment station; R. W. Welborn, assistant in the engineering experiment station; A. C. Whitaker, assistant in chemistry; Donald Whitson, graduate assistant in poultry husbandry. C. W. Widaman, graduate assistant in poultry husbandry, agricultural experiment station; H. F. Wiegandt, assistant in thi engineering experiment station; J. W. Wiley, instructor in economics; H. E7 Wilkening, instructor in physical education for men, freshman track coach; 0. R. Wilson, assistant medical adviser, student health service. W. H. Winslow, assistant in the
engineering experiment station; C. O. Wiselogel; Captain, F. A., U. S. A., assistant professor of military science and tactics; J. H. Wright, assistant in psychology; B. B. Wuethrich, R. N., assistant university nurse; M. Zunich, fellow in chemistry.
Sororities-
(Continued from pageS)
Delta national treasurer, and Pearl Jackson, local chapter president, will re-lay the cornerstone. The present Alpha Xi house at 781 Russell Street, will serve as a Cary Hall
annex during the coming year. The Pi Beta Phi’s have repainted and cleaned their old house at 171 Littleton and will occupy it during this year. However, this fall, work will be staii^ed on their new house which is to be built on the three lots at the corner of Russell and State Streets. It will be of Georgian style architecture, red brick, trimmed in white with two-story pillars on the front porch. The house will contain two main floors, a basement, and a dormitory over the entire building. The Phi Mu’s willA)CCupy the old Kappa Kappa Gamma house at 102 Andrew Place, which was used by the Pedalion Club last year. The Pedalions are living at the corner of Third and Waldron Streets this year.
IVelcome to LafayetteStudents of Purdue
Again, as we have done in former years, we take this opportunity to tvelcome you to Lafayette. Whether you are a freshman, a sophomore, a junior or senior, we feel that in choosing PURDUE you have done wisely and will profit by it. We, as merchants offer you our many shopping facilities, we want^ you to come in and inspect the various sections catering to your personal needrand feel free to ask us any questions. We are here to serve the public; appreciate your patronage and are always open to suggestions to improve our service to you. LOEB&HCNC COMPANY FOR 6S YEARS ON THE SQUARE
Be In The ‘‘Know”
Read The Exponent Daily^ ^ '^ ^ c J i?/^ si ^ -. f-i ^ ^ ^_ i^ \ ^ f ^ . ^ '^ '* # ^ 1 '^■'^C ^-S^ V Ai-^”^ ^
-y:
r 1/ ' \
Saturday. Septeuiber 10. 1938
J'ScdufuLi
TIitE PUBDDE EXPONENT
TlewA
Purdue Not A Playground—Potter
Purdue University is an institution of higher learning where men and women work at the tasks of creating, imparting and acquiring knowledge. -Those of you who do not have a serious purpose in life and a definite "interest in learning are bound to be disappointed, as Purdue University is not a school for cWldren or for others who are mainly interested in play and social diversions. Those of you who are looking for easy lives will find Purdue Univerr sity the wrong type of college, as this institution is interested only in individuals who are willing to study hard and to prepare themselves thoroughly for careers, which require men and women of character, industry, ability and personality. Your teachers are always ready to aid with your problems, but will not do the studying for you. They will help you in preparing for right living and for a useful career, if you are willing to work hard and to make the best use of the opportunities oifered to you by Purdue University. A. A. POTTER, Dean of the Schools of Engineering
Dr. Paul G. Fay of DePauw University has found that “B” students do poorer work if inforj^ed of their marks during the term.
Tulane University officials are considering instituting a non-com-pulsory course in naval science and tactics.
Fisher, Stratton Laud This Yearns Student Handbook “In my opinion this year’s Freshman Handbook is one of the best productions ever issued by the University and the student body. New students will find in it a wealth of information not easily obtained elsewhere,” said Dean of Men M. L. Fisher when questioned concerning his opinion of the new handbook. ' Edited by Herbert Fishburn, the new freshman bible contains ^137 pages combining all books previously issue^^y the Student Senate, Fraternity Presidents’ Council, Pan-Hellenic -Council, and WSGA. In addition to the publications of these organizations, the entire freshman orientation program was included in the one volume. Copies were mailed to all incoming freshmen, and 100 clothbound copies were sent out to the heads of the schools apd student activities. Five thousand copies were printed. “The new student handbook represents a distinct advance in orienting the new student to the University. I congratulate Mr. Fishburn and his assistants upon their achievement,” Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton said in commenting on the publication.
Father Sheen Will Speak At First Of Unfversity Religious Convocations First in the current series of University Religious Convocations, Father Fulton J. Sheen of the Catholic University of Ameriga, Washington, D. C., will speak on “Religion and Democracy,” Sunday, October 30, at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Father Sheen is a leading educator, lecturer, and radio speaker.
GERRY TdOHLMAN Welcomes You Back to Purdue And Is Happy To Inform You That He Is Ready And Able To Take Care Of Your Needs In OPTICAL — Testing of eyes and replace- ^ ment of broken lenses one day service. JEWELRY—We have a large and complete ^ line of watches Wd jewelry. WATCH REPAI^NG—We have three ex- ^ cellent watchmakers always at your service. 1 GERRY MOHLMAN 434 Main St., Lafayette 308^State St. (in Southworth's) West Lafayette
On November 20, Dean Robert Russell Wicks, who appeared on the campus two years ago, will be the speaker for the second Religious Convocation. Dean Wicks is dean of the Princeton University Chapel, and is one of the most distinguished clergymen that has come to this campus. Prof. L. Hadley, chairman of the religious council, stated. Christmas Program The Purdue University Choir, 160 voices under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will present a program of Christmas music on Sunday,- December 18. The hour for this program has not been set, but will be arranged so as not to interfere with the laafayette church programs. Dr. Charles W. Gilkey, dean of the University of Chicago Chapel, will be the guest speaker at the convocation January 16. Dean Gilkey spoke at the baccalaureate service here in June, 1937, and also at a religious convocation last January. An inspiring speaker. Dean Gilkey has always been popular with Purdue audiences. Professor Hadley stated. g, February 19 will introduce Rabbi Lewis L. Mann, of Chicago, Illinois, to the University campus when he speaks in Fowler Hall. Although his first visit to Purdue, Rabbi Mann has had much experience in addressing college audiences. Phillips To Speak Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips, of Cleveland, 0., will appear at the convocation on March 19. A comparatively young man, an author of some note. Dr. Phillips is the pastor of a large Cleveland church. Because Easter Sunday occurs during Spring vacation, the University Eastern Services will be held on Thursday, March 30, at 8 p. m. The University choir will present a concert of special Easter music. This convocation will con-
clude the current series, all of which will be hel<f in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Surveyingr Make Up: C E 6 exam will be held in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, September 17, from 1 to 4 p. m Permits to take the exam must be secured before this date in room 102. —LOMMEL
Sophomore Workers—^All sophomore Union workers interested in participating in Student Book Exchange meet in faculty lounge of the Union at 2:30, Sunday, September 11. —RICHAEDSON
Scriveners—Business meeting Saturday, 3ept. 10, at 126 West Lutz Ave., at 2:30 p. m. ' —JUSTIN
Episcopal Students—^All students are invited to attend services, Sunday, September 11, at St. John’s. Episcopal Church. Holy Communion will be held at 8 a m. with prayer and sernjpn at 10 a. m. The chiyrch is located at 6th and Ferry streets, Lafayette, one block north of Main street. —REVEREND THORNTON
Notice—Senior E. E. vote for L. F. McNeil for Student Senate.
General Electric Radios—Student models $12.95 up. Central Appliance Shop, 422 Columbia St.
LOST—Package containing knitting between South and Vine streets. Return to Union desk.
TYPEWRITERS — All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. EbershofF, 605 Main street.
MODERN furnished rooms suitable for students—^running hot water. Good location. Phone 71201.
(tIelcomjLf Old and New Students. Good food means goodTiealth. Quality food at lowest prices. MITZrS CAFE 213 VINE ST.
[
Here - -
For a Refreshing Drink During Warm Fall Days — Pause Beside One of the Many Red Coolers and Enjoy a Delicious Cold Coke, 509-11 Salem Street, Lafayette Phone 4828
Delicious and \ Refreshing /
Freshmen Take Note Of This Registration Story
r
By Sally McKee Registration ? To which question you may get any answer plausible or implausible. One friend tells us, “I never had any trouble with registering; spent eight hours one semester.” Another we saw leaving after only a!h hour’s work moaning about how awful the orde\il had. been. The faculty insists that it is a most wonderful, most efficient method, though they too must work. Wh^n you come to the west door of the Arpiory on Tuesday or Wednesday, they will not let you-vin until time comes for your numper group. So if your number is 1^4, wait until Tuesday at 1:30 to appear with the 1190-1270 group. Slowly the line will wind itself into the Armory in a snake curve' to a desk where you will be given a small blue assignment card, with notations, if any, of placement in advanced chemistry, English, or mathematics. In^ addition you will get a tentative schedule and a booklet containing the schedule ^of every University class, with division num-" ber and instructor. Make Duplicate Card If your tentative schedule needs ^o changes make a duplicate and take it to the table marked for your school. If it does, not fit your requirements, armed with the schedule booklet, you may make out another schedule trying to make as few changes as possible. When you are satisfied take it to the school deputy to see if he is. If so he will initial it, and you may now try to cross the ropes. The “hawk eyed” assistants who will prevent your going farther without a thorough examination will check to be sure you have performed the above mentioned duties.' Now you pass down the line of tables at which, in alphabetical order, ?you will find repi'esentatives— two or three—of every University department. To each department under which you take a course, you will apply for a card giving the course and division number. In case the class is full you must go back to the schedule book and find another division which will satisfy your demands an^ take your cards to the school deputy for the change. Make no changes without his 0. K. ^ Will Check Class Cards Now ge£ the rest of your class cards. At the erid of the depart-
mental tables you will ^d a half dozen clerks ready to see that the departments have given you the right card,1l^fore presenting them. Next go through the break in the ropes at your right and after receiving a “iSilrOad ticket,” a blue schedule card, and numerous other blanks you sink into a chair at a convenient table and fall to work signing your name at least 60 dozen times. When everything has begn fully filled out and no blanks (use the word freshman instead of 1942 in blanks that call for class) you may start at the tier of tables leading south. Have Picture Taken Here all your blanks will be checked so that 'all schedules are alike and conform with the blue assignment card and with the class cards. At one table you will leave the class cards and a schedule—at another the “railroad ticket.” Next step is to have your picture taken to grace your passport. Armed now with, only an assignment card, a schedule card, notice of any fee exemption, and proof you’ve had a picture taken, you may now apply at the desk of the cashier’s clerks who will, after investigation, inform you the (irice of your first semester at Purdue and the amount of the check, money order, or "bills required, all now into line before the little wooden booth windows and when you have reached it prepare to shelel out the above mentioned amount. With a sigh yott leave after first being harassed by salesmen of De-. bris, Scrivener, Exponent, or Engineer. The boys will be turned up the ramp by Sergeant ^‘Shorty” Perchla to be fitted out if possible in breeches, coat, hat, and belt of the monkey suit.
Vdrt^yrHour ■ (Continued from pagel^
Following the Variety Hour, which will end at 8:15, Bud Bryant will play for the regular mixer from nine until midnight. Jo Friend, “vest pocket Venus of Song,” will be the vocalist for-the mi3i;^r tonight, which carries the usual price tag of one dollar per couple.
AUTO INS1IRAKCE ,, '«■ ' Meefmg Purdue University Requirements Lowest Rates — Easy Terms ^ Lux Agewy ------ W. J. Weiss Room 4 Sharp Bldg. Phone 2566 Lafayette
(AdTertisement No. 5)
September Special 200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ESjyELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS TOG-ENVELOPES " OR 100 MONARCH SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
RYTEX TWEED-WEAVE PRINTED STATIONERY For town . . . country . . . campus . . . RYTEX TWEED-WEAVE in DOUBLE THE USUAL QUANTITY . . . only $1 . . . printed with your Name gnd Address on Sheets and Envelopes in Blue, Black or Brown ink. Your pen will glide over the smooth surface . . . you'll find the colors delightful . . . Bon-bon Blue, Coral White, or Gumdrop M Pink . . , and yur budget will welcome the low price . . . DOUBLE THE USUAL QUANTITY . . . only $1. HAYWOOD’S Retail Department Established 1826 Filth & Ferry Sts'.4-^
Pf-’'’’ -
■’{ S
V
it
THE PURDUE ^QNENT
Saturday, September 10. 1938
J pt I
\
An Open Letter to Freshmen Dear Freshmen: , ' >
"The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities,” in a short by-line, refers to the location of a buildings on the southeast corner of the campus and to ip place in the day to day activities of the average student. However, the Union, the Purdue Memorial Union, is much more than a building. It is an idea, something intangible, an organizatkSn to which every student belongs as soon a^'he'nptriculates. Its active history before the building began is longer than the history of the present brick and stone. Thousands of alumltii and students-generously contributed some $600,000 that this pres-
ent gerieratioh might use and expand its facilities.
No state appropriation or tax money has or will be spent on construcAon, operation, or maintenance. , The Union has for sale many services and facilities thought most necessary for students. Food in the large Cafeteria, ^hestnut Room, Sweet Shop, andTjrill is good, clean, and wholesome, and is at reasonable prices. Play on billiard tables, bowling alleys, admission to the Union Saturday night dances, sleeping rooms, telegrams, long distance telephone tolls, barber service,
or merchandise must be paid for with the usual cash..
Nevertheless, a large part of the Union’s space and efforts are devoted to facilities for activities that are withopt any financial cost to the user. And it is sUch facilities that the Union is most anxious to advertise and sell. Become familiar with the Union as soon as you can. Ask at either of the two desks for information. Learn to use the Browsing Room on the firs-t floor, the Music Room on the second floor, rehearsal ■pianos, and the Game Room on the ground floor for chess, checkers, and cards. Become interested in the extracurricular work of the Student Union Board which manages the activities within the building and'themany oth^ activities which have offices and facilities within the building, such as the Purdue Independent Association, Women’s Self-Governing Association, the Debris, Engineer;^ Agriculturist, and Y.W.C.A. Participate in the splendid amateur drarnatics of Playshop or join the Camera Club and use its dark roorti in the sub-basement, or find
others to join with you in following your own hobby.
Use the Union to make new friends and keep-old ones. Make a habit of just walking through the Union once a day, and don’t ever feel embarrassed within its walls. Frequent the Lounges. Telephone your local friends from the Union without charge. "I’ll meet you at the Union” is smart. So, for a happy, successful college career, use all of these free facilities. Please remember always, that no matter^ how frequently advertisements in these pagessask for younmatronage in the Barber Shop, Cafeteria, Billiard
Room, Grill, Sweet Shop] Union Club roorhs. Chestnut Room, or Bowling
Alleys, that the Union isfjustJas anxious that you read in its Browsing Room, play music recordings ipr^ the,Music Room and use its free facilities without
ever spending a dime.
INSPECT THE UNION TODAY AND TOMORROW AND WATCH THE NEWS AND EDITORIAL COLUMNS OF "THE PURDUE EXPONENT” FOR IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS. THE PURDUE MEMORIALJJNION The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities
J
■'V.'
iMiiMiiiiiMiuiHiiiiiiUHiiiiiHiiiillllllllllllllllllHllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIHHIIItlllllHIlHHIIIMIIIIIMIIllllllllHIIHIIIillllllllHIHIIllWlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltilllllllHHHIIIIIIIIIIItllinillllllllinilllHIlllllllHlllli^^
miiiiiiiiiig