' f'i I u
; Z"' r ■^‘' .'■:V ‘.y ' ' , ' “ 'ft ''‘■■l•''‘.
J
1 V..
- J M v;
dlTE Purdue lEx'uuneitt
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MAY 15, 1937
NUMBER 154
Spriog Spree To Provide
Fun, Contests
Alpha Phi Omega’s Spring Spree, the faculty-student get-together and picnic, will be held this afternoon at 2 p. m. at Ross Camp. This outing, sponsored by the national service honorary, was originally sched uled for April 24, but because of bad weather was postponed until today. Features of the afternoon’s events will be a treasure hunt, with a number of 10, five, and one dollar bills as prizes. Prof. “Bill” Miller’s famous tug-of-war team will be on hand to test its strength against a team composed of students. Games Baseball, horseshoes, three-legged races, relays, and several other picnic type games will provide plenty of opportunity for everyone to have a good time. Refreshments will be served at 6:30 p. m. and the picnic will end at 7. For those who do not have transportation to and from the camp, a bus will leave the Union Building at 1:30 p. m.
Dr. Robert Phillips Has Book Published
“American Government And Its Problems,” by Dr. Robert Phillips, professor of government in the history, government, and economics department, has just been published by Houghton, Mifflin Company. The book is the first of a series on political sciences and is designed as a textbook in colleges and universities, and will be used by the classes in government here next year. Dr. Phillips has taken up the different governments by their respective branches and departments, instead of the usual discussion of the national, state, and local governments as separate units. The book is also enlivened by the relation of interesting anecdotes in connection with government procedure.
Agronomy Students To Attend Picnic
Students taking agronomy, and members of the agronomy faculty, will hold an all-agronomy picnic today at the Soils and Crops Farm grove. A program has been arranged for the group, including a baseball game between the faculty and the students.
Tickets for the picnic are priced at 26 cents for students and 30 cents for faculty members. Those desiring transportation are to meet in front of Agricultural Hall at 2:30 p. m.
WSGA, YWCA Plan Joint Mass Meeting
Contrary to the announcement in yesterdays Exponent, the joint mass meeting of W. S. G. A. and Y. W. C. A. will be held Tuesday at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Building auditorium. A moving picture of the annual Geneva Conference for Women to be held June 21 to 29 at Lake Geneva Wis., will be shown at this meeting. Ther,e will be a bus to take all girls from Indiana colleges to the conference. The meeting is to acquaint co-eds with the activities of the conference and to hear reports from the vocational guidance committee, the transfer women committee, and the orientation committee. These reports will be made by Dorothy Martenet, Louise Bain, and Georgianha Huber.
Student Union Will Entertain Faculty
Members of the English and applied mechanics departments will be entertained Monday at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building by the Student Union. Other staff members will be entertained in the Union at the same time.
Sigma Delta Chi Opens First Newspaper Day; Journalists Will Sjieak; To Initiate Pledges
T. R. Johnston, originator of the Newspaper Day plan, who will play an important role in today’s activities.
Vanderford Chosen Captain Of Zouaves
At the recent election of the Purdue Order of Zouaves, • J. Vanderford was elected Captain, R. O. Dirmeyer was promoted to First Lieutenant, and R. R. Hannas and P. P. Frangos were advanced to Second Lieutenant and First Sergeant respectively. With his retirement as Captain of the Zouave Squad, Cadet Major W. E. Winter brings to a close a highly successful period of service. Under his direction, the squad reached a remarkable degree of proficiency.
Community Chorus Will Give Musicale
Under the direction of Edward W. Frank, the Lafayette Community
Chorus will present the weekly mus-
icale in the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Miss Bernice Baugh will accompany the chorus at the piano. The recital is in eight parts and includes a piano solo, “Andante Finale,” a left hand arrangement, by Morey Doyle, Ch. E. '39, and the singing of four American Indian songs by Frank, a tenor. The songs ai-e “Prom The Land Of The SkyBlue Water,” “The White Dawn Is Stealing,” “Far Off I Hear A Lover’s Flute,” and “The Moon Drops Low.”
The program is supervised by the Union music room committee of Jeanne Perkins, Louis Putze, and Herbert Wiegandt.
Emrick Announces Band Promotions
Professor P. S. Emrick, director of the Purdue Military Band, recently announced the promotion of the following seniors in the band: Captain and Band Adjutant, F. B. Wilson, M. E., Richmond; Brevet Captain and detail officer, P. E. Flebbe, M. E., North Platte, Neb.; First Lieutenant and technical officer, K. B. McEachron, E. E., Pittsfield, Mass.; Second Lieutenant and assistant technical officer, H. Strang M. E., West Unity, 0. These promotions came as a result of the efficient service given to the development of the band’s illumination system in preparation for the Kentucky Derby Festival Parade, which was held oh May S. Also one non-commissioned officer was appointed to fill a vacancy; Lance Corporal of the quarter’s detail, J. L. Hackleman, Ag., Connersville.
Cosmopolitan dub
Cosmopolitan Club announces the election of the following officers: president, y, Caracclolo; fdcbpresident, j^Yelyn B^essler; treasurer, Id. Neptiuib: secretary, ,W, W. McElyea; sergeant at arms, R. Blandon.
Indiana Press Men To Give Afternoon Addresses: Noland To Talk At Founders’ Banquet
Under the sponsorship of the Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic honorary, the University’s first Newspaper Day will officially open this afternoon at 2 in the Memorial Union Building. The event has been planned to stimulate interest in journalism and to provide all students who are interested in writing with the opportunity to learn more about journalism.' This afternoon Ned Gorrell, publisher of the Pulaski County Democrat and Paul Riddick, editor of the LaGrange Standard and News will speak on the subject, “The Weekly Newspaper Field.” Other speakers at the afternoon session include Wray Fleming, President of the Hoosier State Press Association, and Gardner J. Thoriias, publisher of the Marion Leader-Tribune and Chronicle. At 4:45 R. N. Gilbert, managing editor of the Purdue Engineer, R. F. Obenchain, recently elected sports editor of the Exponent, and D. M. Meacham, editor of the Purdue Independent, will be initiated into the local branch of Sigma Delta Chi. A. M. Smith, publisher of the Crawfordsville Journal - Review, and Frank Thompson, one of the publishers of the Bluffton News-Banner will be taken into the organization as associate members. Medal Winners ; All past winners of the leather medal, a medal given each year by Sigma Delta Chi to the person contributing the most to the University during the course of the year, will be present tonight at the Founder’s Day banquet. This year’s winner of the medal will be announced at tonight’s banquet. Tickets for the dinner are priced at $1. Stephen J. Noland, editor of the Indianapolis News, will close the first Newspaper Day with a talk on ‘The Newspaper Of The Future.”
To Pick Ten ‘Best
Soldiers’ Today
Ten “Best Soldiers,” five from the freshman and five from the sophomore basic military students, will be chosen this afternoon by members of Scabbard and Blade. Both practical and theoretical tests will be given the competitors. Contestants should be at the Armory in uniform at 1:30 p. m., according to those in charge. The five men placing highest in each class will receive medals and citations. The next five will receive citations only.
300 Expected For Pan-Hel Banquet
Three hundred Pan-Hellenfc women are expected to attend the banquet this afternoon at 1 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The Lafayette Pan-Hell-enic Club is sponsoring the dinner, which is to be an informal get-to-gether for the active sorority girls on the cami)us and the members of 18 national sororities represented in Lafayette. The local Kappa Kappa Gamma alumnae chapter is in charge of the plans. Mrs. Frank Hunter will give a welcoming introduction, the Purdue Women’s Ensemble will provide music, and Professor P. E. Lull will read the 1937 Pultitzer prize play, “You Can’t Take It With You.”
Chemical. Honorary Plans Faculty Dinner
Sponsored by the Catalyst Club, a banquet in honor of the Chemical Engineering faculty has been arranged by the senior chemical engineers. The dinner at 6:30 next Tuesday, is to be held in the reception room of the l^emom} Union ing, and will be Ipllbvecl by a sBort program eff suitablb entertaiiwhoiit. All aeniors who baTeii’t yat signed for the banquet, are requested by those in charge to sign in Dr, Lovell’s office before 2 o’clock Monday.
SDX Will Award Leather Medal
Awarding of the leather medal to the individual, who has contributed the most to the University during the past year will be made tonight during the evening session of the first Purdue Newspaper Day. Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity will make the annual award. Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer, received the leather medal last year.
Jimmy Cathcart Plays For Co-ed Hop
Jimmy Cathcart and his eleven piece orchestra fyom Indiana University played last night for 300 couples at the annual Mortar Board Ginghain Gallop. The last co-ed bid dance of the year saw informal long and short dresses of cotton and all kinds of materials. Cathcart and his orchestra, who play daily for visitors at the Indiana Union Building, made his first appearance here a success.
White To Speak At Literary Banquet
To pay tribute to the literaryminded members of the student body, the annual Literary Banquet to be held in the Memorial Union Building next Saturday evening, will, feature William Allen White, noted -Emporia, Kan.,' editor as principal speaker. President E. C. Elliott, who describes White as an “effective and entertaining speaker,” has accepted the invitation to again serve as toastmaster on the occasion. Tickets have been placed on sale at the Union Desk, in the English department office, at Deac’s and Southworth’s on the West Side, and Decker’s in Lafayette. Various prizes for outstanding attainment in literary fields will also be awarded, such as the William H. Winterrowd $100 award, the George Ade Cup, and the David E. Ross cup.
H. R. Sennstrom, Nellie Harris Wed
H. R. Sennstrom, M. E., ’37, and Nellie L. Harris, B. S., ’36, were married at 2:30 yesterday afternoon at the home of Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Sammons, 118 DeHart street, West Lafayette. The couple left immediately for a honeymoon to southern Indiana, but are to return by Monday. Sennstrom is former editor of the Purdue Independent, a member of Signia Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, and a member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. The former Miss Harris was co-ed executive of the Purdue Independent Association, and acted as president of that organization from January until June, 1936.
The couple will live in Pittsburgh, Pa., after Sennstrom’s graduation this Jxme, where he will be employed in the engineering department of the Westinghouse Air Brake Co. The wedding was conducted by the Rev. T. F. Williams of the Trinity M. E. Church, and was a quiet service.
Contests To Feature Foresters’ Field Day
Chopping contests, sawing contests, and baseball games will feature the Forestry Club’s field day tod«y. The outing will be held at Caitn;^ local scout camp. Both students and, faculty memheiu„ 0#the forestry department may attend the event. Tickets, priced at 25 cents each, may be purchased from J. W. Scatterday.
EL H. Morris
Morris Becomes
Managing Editor Of Attica Paper
E. Hugh Morris, retiring managing editor of the Exponent, has accepted the position of managing editor of the Attica Ledger-Tribune, Attica. Morris will take up his new duties Monday. Morris, a mechanical engineering student, has had a varied journalistic career. Before becoming managing editor, of the Exponent, he served as editor of a high school weekly and as a sports writer for the Louisville Courier-Journal, of Louisville, Ky. While in the University, Morris was an announcer on the WBAA staff for two years as well as serving as treasurer of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity.
Mortar Board Will
Initiate Sunday
Mortar Board, senior co-ed honorary, will hold its initiation Sunday morning. May 16, at 7:30 at home of Dean R. G. Dukes, Stadium aven-
Alumnae, advisors, and initiates will be the guests of the actives at a breakfast following the formal initiation. The advisors of Mortar Board include the following faculty members: Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, Miss Laura Partch, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, and Miss Helen Schleman. The initiates are Dorothy Bryant, Jeanne Janousek, Mary Jean Light, Lorna McLeod, Dorothy Martenet, Elizabeth Pyke, Virginia Slocum, Jean Small, Betty Ann Stewart, and Margaret Ritchie.
Nina DeWitt To Head Virginia Meredith Qub
Nina DeWitt, sophomore home economics student, was elected president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club for next year at the meeting held yesterday. Before the election Miss Ruth Atwater gave a talk on canning which was accompanied by lantern slides. Other officers for next year are Pearl Jackson, vice-president, and Rosemary Gossard, secretary-treas-urer. Margaret Amsden, Helen Conver, Margaret Douglas, and Mary Kay Hudson were appointed to the advisory board.
Prof. Bray Will Speak At AIChE Meeting
Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, will speak on his experiences in South Amev^ ica at a meeting of the A. I. Ch. E. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall Monday evening at 8 p. m. At this time the annual awarding of the prize to Ihe freshmai^in the chemical engineering school who has the highest scholastic index for his first year will be made.
Close English Conference At Noon Today
100 College Teachers Meet Here For 2-Day Conference
Nearly 100 college English teachers, representing practically every college in Indiana, arrived on the campus yesterday for a two-day conference on matters pertaining to their organization, the Indiana College English Association. Teacher’s Views
“From High School To College,” a discussion of high school teachers’^ viewpoints, led by Miss Mary Kibele of Burris High School, Muncie, and Miss Margaret Southwick, of the Gary Public Schools, will engage the attention of the cOBfinUaR at 9 o’clock this morning. “The Priest And The Levite,” by Prof. L. J. Mills, of Indiana University, and “Is ‘Christabel’ A Fragment?” by Prof. A. T. Smithberger, of Notre Dame, are subjects listed for discussion later in the morning. A business session will close the conference at noon.
. Open Forum An open forum discussion on teaching standards began the meeting yesterday afternoon, and was followed by committee reports and an informal reception. An Association dinner at 6:30 in the faculty lounge was addressed by Prof. Ernest Bembaum of the University of Illinois, I
This is the fourth annual meeting of the Association, and Purdue's first role as host. Meetings of tlM Association rotate among the various colleges in the state.
Bill Hogan To Play For Mixer
Bill Hogan and his Californians will play for the regular mixer tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom. Hogan played here for the Military Ball in November and for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Dance last year. Hogan’s father originally wanted him to be a dentist, but finally yielded to his son’s pleas and gave him $1,000 with which to start an orchestra. With that beginning and what he terms a lot of “good luck,” his band has contracted to play in many of the nation’s finest entertainment spots during the past few years. The mixer will continue from 9 o’clock until midnight, and the regular admission price of one dollar will prevail.
Kidsy Here^8 Your Big Radio Chance
How would some of you kids like to go on the air ? That is, you kids under 16 years of age. Do you know that “Just Euds,” a radio program devoted exclusively to young entertainers, is presented by WBAA every Saturday morning at 11 a. nr.? This program is a part of the radio extension service of WBAA. All youngsters possessing talent of entertainment value are offered ample opportunity to display their ability via the University radio station. Mary Wien In Charge Qualified broadcasters must communicate with Mary Wien, program director, to make arrangements for presentation. Auditions are not held, and there is no red tape to go through prior to the broadcast. Correspondence from audiences indicates that this program enjoys much popularity and is universal in appeal, for listeners represent all ages. “Just Kids” originates in Uie Purdue Memorial Union, and tbe ' eral public is invited to attood Uiese broadcasts.
Alplia Cill Rlio
Alpha Chi Rho frp^tomity announces tbe pledging oil! R.. S^uirto, Richmond, W. IL .Ruiisheis of Glencoe, 111.Pitttc Twi
THE PtJRi:)UE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 15,1937
/I
$urliue exponent
Fonnded in 188S
Kntered as aeeond clww natter at the post office, Lafayette, Indianju Delivered by «»*i $8»80 per year; delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year, cold byaeinglecopy, 2 cente.
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BnalneM Phone
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Editor->n-<3h>ef Managing Editor ABBOciate Bdifcors
EDITORIAL STAFF „ „ „ R P Manion J. E Brock D. A Bailey, L. S Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I Stanback, D R. Vance
BnBiness Manager Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
BUSINESS STAFF
D C. Miller J P Girard W. J. Gilhlan H R Hensler JM. C. Beeves
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF B. F. Obenchain J S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
WOMEN'S STAFF
Elizabeth Pyke
Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—^R. H. Dyer.
Helium And Experience For Progress
To the Editor: From yesterday’s editorial “Hydrogen And Progress” it would seem that there is a gross misconception of the merits of helium in airship operation. Actually helium, although twice as heavy as hydrogen, exerts a bouyant effect 92.5 per cent as great. This, unfortunately, leaves us no such simple alibi as weight to explain our magnificient failures in lighter-than-air craft. As a glaring example of the German supremacy in the rigid airship field, let me point to the Los Angeles. This airship, built before the war by the Count Zeppelin works, when filled with helium saw many years of uninterrupted service in the United States. At the same time the newer and supposedly improved Macon and Akron met ignoble ends. The design and construction of the great buildings of today are founded upon thousands of years of engineering experience. Engineers attempted the Empire State Building only after a multitude of lesser structures had proved successful. It seems ridiculous that we should build airships only upon the twisted wreckage of their predecessors. Let us first find success with smaller ships before attempting another Akron or Macon. By gradual evolution of airship structure and design and by this means only has Germany achieved her place in the sky. The German Zeppelin Company has built 120 airships, each an improvement over the one before, and has carried a million passengers since 1906 without a fatality until the recent Hindenburg disaster. That one blotch on their otherwise unblemished record was caused by hydrogen, not the faults of construction and operation which spelled disaster to our own rigid airship hopes. Progress in the lighter-than-air field lies in helium and experience. R. C. Blume Ch.E., ’38
Hydrogen vs. Helium
To the Editor: Yesterday there appeared in the Exponent an editorial “Hydrogen and Progress,” on the relative merits of hydrogen and helium for use in dirigibles. Several of the statements made in the editorial were in error. The statement was made that “weight for weight, hydrogen will lift four times as much as helium.” This is incorrect. A given weight of hydrogen has 2.16 times the lifting power of the same weight of helium. Furthermore, a comparison of equal weights is not valid, since a dirigible will contain a fixed volume of gas rather than a fixed weight of gas. Comparison of the lifting powers may be obtained by con sideration of the following densities in grams per mole (at standard conditions of temperature and pressure): hydrogen, 2; helium, 4; air 28.9. The lifting power of hydrogen is 28.9 minus 2, or 26.9 grams per mole and of helium, 28.9 minus 4, or 24.9 grams per mole. The relative lifting power of hydrogen is 26.9 divided by 24.9, or 1.08 times that of helium. In other words, a given dirigible filled with hydrogen has only 8 per cent more lifting power than when filled with helium. The statement that '“the relative cost of hydrogen is only one-thirteenth that of helium” is incorrect because it is based on a lifting power for hydrogen of four times that of helium which is in turn incorrect. According to the cost figures given, a certain lifting power in hydrogen would cost thirty per cent as much as if helium had been used. However, losses of hy drogen through diffusion and leakage are much greater than those of helium. This increases the cost of using hydrogen to considerably more than the 30 per cent figure. Quoting the editorial: “Using helium, no progress can be made; only a bulky, inefficient airship can be built at best. From the above considerations, it may be seen that the use of heluim instead of hydrogen makes very little difference in the bulk or efficiency of an airship. The comparison of Germany’s record of accidents with dirigibles to our own means very little in the argument of hydrogen versus helium. Germany’s hitherto good record is generally attributed to expert navigation in avoiding bad weather. Their record was made in spite of hydrogen, rather than because of it. Had the Hindenburg been inflated with helium, the recent disaster could not have occurred. Dirigibles are tremendously expensive to build and maintain. The experiences of our country have shown them to be at the mercy of storms. They are much slower and much less efficient than airplanes. Their principle advantage is that they may remain aloft in spite of complete failure of motor power and are not forced to land. Because the disadvantages of lighter-than-air craft have seemed to outweigh the advantages, the United States has discontinued building them. Ted Brewer E.E. ’37
Editor’s Note: Evidently we made a couple of slip-ups yesterday. The construction and operation of dirigibles and the use of hydrogen and helium in them is a controversial topic and we rather anticipated some replies from our refers. We intend to avoid errors in the editorial column, but once made we shall be glad to print letters correcting us. Letters of opinion differing from ouFs will also be published if they are of good taste, of acceptable length, and bear the writer’s name.
Ct
imesi
Bj OUTB SCHATZLBT
Baptist Students—The student class will meet at 9'30. There will be no social hour in the evening. Regular meeting at 6:30 with V. D. Bistro, of Jugoslavia, speaking. Formal dedication of the new Cynthia Jones Hall will take place at 10:30. Dr. W. G. Spencer, president of Franklin College, will deliver the address. At 7:30 p. m. there will be a community dedication service with T. J. Parsons, Indiana Baptist Executive Secretary, as the principal speaker.
Presbyterian Students—At the morning service at Central Presbyterian Church Dr. Graham will have for his theme “Thy Kingdom Come.” The choir, under the direction of A. P Stewart, will sing “Gloria in Excelsis,” by Mozart. The service is held at 10:40. The discussion group, under the leadership of Dr Graves, will meet in the student rooms at 9 30. The Sunday Evening Club will meet in the Educational Building, 7th and South streets, at 6 o’clock
den will lead the co-ed class at the Foundation House at the same time. The regular Fellowship Hour and supper will be held at the Foundation House at 6 o’clock. The talk at Epworth League at the church at 6*30 will be on “Mexico.” Miss Bloye will be the speaker.
WELL ! !
WBAA To Give Audition
Methodist Students—The annual retreat of the Council of the Wesley Foundation will be held at Battle Ground at 9 o’clock tomorrow morning Cars will leave the Foundation House at 8 30 In the absence of Rev McFadden, T J How will teach the men’s class at the church at 9 30 Mrs McFad-
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
WBAA will hold an audition Wednesday at 7 p m. in the broadcasting studios in the Electrical Engineering Building for students de siring to act as announcers during the summer.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
Loretta Young and Don Ameche
‘Ramona”
Lew Ayres and Mary Carlisle
“Lady Be Careful” —also— “Silly Symphony Cartoon”
LAST TIMES TODAY
‘Valley of Terror”
“Without Orders”
‘Undersea Kingdom”
••OWLARlpugf I ^ rowsAH,r,,
. with
a
WALTEH WINCHEll BEN BERNIE ALICE FAYE PATSr KELLY NED SPARKS JACK NALEY
Grace Bradley Walter Catlett leah Ray Joan Davis
flashola!
Nine new song hits by Gordon & Revel!
Cartoon In Color
Pete Smith Short
TOMORROW
ewib/tnlMaTwHareWmUcite.'InB ~ ' \ ‘How many directions do you get to the gallon?”
Read The Exponent Ads.
THE YEAR’S FINEST FUN-CAST!
You’ll just love Wally os the "old soak". . . and thrill and cheer, amidst your howls, os he mokes good in a pinch! His grandest role!
-EXTRA
“Popeye the Sailor Meets Sinbad the Sailor” 2 Reels In Technicolor
UNA MERKEL ERIC LINDEN JUDITH BARREH BETTY FURNESS TED HEALY JANET BEECHER GEORGE SIDNEY iram play "The Old Soak"hv Don Moraul.
Starts TOMORROW
LUMA
—LAST DAY— Stan Laurel Oliver Hardy in ‘Way Out West” —and— “TUNDRA”■i ■,
Satqrday, May 15, 1937
tBB PUBDUB EXPONENT
P»Ke fhrw BseaasastEaaaar
Boilermakers Bow To Wolverines, 4-3
Diamondmen Lose Close Game In Final Innings
Six hits, four errors, and cold weather conspired against the home baseball squad yesterday afternoon, with the result that it came out on the short end of a 4-3 score in a close, hard-fought battle with the Michigan Wolverines on Bussell Field. The game was fast moving and full of action, with a ninth inning rally by the Boilermakers that almost pulled the game out of the fire. Score Two Runs The Riveters took an early lead, scoring one run in the first and the third innings. However, Michigan came back to score one in the fourth and one in the sixth, tying up the game at 2 all. The eighth inning was the disastrous one. Uricek of the Wolverines batted out a hit and Kremer drew a walk, putting men on first and third. Campbell then hit one to Sammy Lyboult at second base, which Sammy juggled for awhile and then threw wild to Dean at first while two runs were scoring. Breslin started oif a breath-tak-ing ninth inning rally for the home squad by knocking a clean single. Baker fanned, but hits by Dean and Art Bredewater drove in Breslin. Malaska and Mangas both connected with hard hit balls, but they turned out to be high flies, which the Wolverines took to end the game. \ Bredewater Pitches Arnold Bredewater performed on the mound against the visitors, fan-
-mma-
SUNDAY — MONDAY
SINGTIME MUSICAC^
swings into porti Love, laughs, thrills set to Cole Porter's hit tunes I It’s
glorious!
COLE PORTED HIT SONGS! “Buy to Love" “I'vo Got You Under My Skin”
“Swingin' the
E Away"
jinxi
“Hev. Baba. Hav"
^wlth nOTORB JAME$ STEWART VIRGINIA BRUCE Uno Merkel SId Silvers Prances Longford Raymond Wolburn Alan Dinehort 6uddy Ebsen
-LAST DAY-
Buck Jonea in “LEFT HANDED LAW” —and— Hugh Herbert in “THAT MAN'S HBEB AGAIN"
ning five and allowing six hits. The visiting pitcher, Smithers, gave out five hits while striking out two. The base umpire got himself involved in a couple of very heated arguments in the third and fourth innings. A close decision at first in the third and one at second in the next frame brought the whole Michigan team out on the field to protest, but after five or ten minutes of spirited discussion they went back to the bench. The box score:
Purdue Malysiak, cf Lyboult, 2b Bartz, rf Breslin, ss Waling, 3b Dean, lb Poulos, If Malaska, c Bredewater, p Bredewater, c Baker Mangas
AB 2 3 3 4 3 4 2 3 2 2 1 1
R 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
H 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 1 1 0 0
Totals Michigan Peckinpaugh, 3b Lisagor, 2b Beebe, c Uricek, ss Kremer, cf Smick, lb Campbell, rf Heyliger, If Smithers, p
30 AB 4 5 4 5 2 2 4 2 2
3 R 0 0 0 3 1 0 0 0 0
5 H 0 0 2 2 0 0 1 0 1
Totals
30
Eight Survive In Greek Horseshoe Tournament
Eight fraternities survive after the preliminary play-off in the in-tra-mural horseshoe tourney, and will meet Monday to decide the winner of the trophy and participation points. The finals will differ from the preliminary meets in that a teamfs put oqt^of the running by being defeated once, and does not have the opportunity to play again. The winner will be selected from the following surviving teams: Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Tau, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Phi Delta Theta.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
MASS
—LAST DAY— On the stage
JliWIEf OF TNI GHEAT MHTi
Stage Shows at 2:00, 4:40, 7:25, 10:00
Prices All Seats 25c from 11:30 a. m. to 1 p. m.
1:00 to 5:00 all seats 30c
After 5:00 Main Floor, 40c Balcony, 30c Children ( all day) 16c
the Screen
HALCROW Chicago—Middle Distance
Golfers Beat Ohio In Big Ten Meet, 17-4
Winning both of the morning foursomes and four out of five afternoon individual matches, Purdue’s golf team had a comparatively easy time defeating Ohio State here yesterday in a Big Ten dual meet, 17-4. David Stars John David, Indianapolis sophomore, was the star of the meet, as he chalked up medal 72’s for both morning and afternoon rounds. In the afternoon, David was out in 33. Gene Anderson, erstwhile basketball star, also had a medal 72 in the afternoon.
Purdue To Play Two Games Today At Notre Dame
One of the features of next week’s sports schedule will be the appearance of Lew Fonseca, American League baseball emissary, here in Lafayette . . . arrangements have been made for him to work out with the Boilermaker club in a baseball demonstration on Russell Field, on Wednesday afternoon .. . —fo— Jack Bixler’s golf combine will be the only sports squad to see action here at home today . . . both the baseball and track teams are trekking north to meet their competition . . . the golfers have made a better showing this year than they have for some time ... witness their
17 to 4 trouncing of the Buckeyes yesterday, —fc— On the subject of track ... Coaell ''Orv” Martin says that he is going to train Lemen to run the 440 hurdles next year and expKects film to take a first in them at the Drake Relays. . . this versatile track star took a third this year and never did any preparatory work for the meet . . . —B. D. W.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
One of the mainstays of the Maroon track squad, which will meet the Boilermakers at Chicago today, is Halcrow, who made an enviable record for himself in the 440 yard dash.
Thinlies Meet Chicago Today
Purdue’s baseball team Will provide the sports attraction at South Bend today when they meet Notre Dame. The Ramblers were scheduled to play the first of a two game series here earlier in the season. Last year the Boilermaker squad was cast as the underdog of a similar set-up but they stepped out and took the lead early in the game in spite of the odds against them. There is a change in the baseball schedule next week. The team meets Wabash at Crawfordsville on Monday, Illinois here Tuesday, and has two games with Indiana at Bloomington on Friday and Saturday. *
Purdue’s nomadic track team will take the road for the third straight time in two weeks this morning to invade the University of Chicago in their last Big Ten dual meet of the year. The Boilermakers will be pointing for a win today, as they endeavor to get on the top side of a .500 averTo date
age for the outdoor season, they have won two meets and lost
two. In the indoor meet the Martinmen came out on the large end of the final score and they expect to repeat their victpry by virtue of their strength in the field events, which were not included in indoor track.
Ole Man Winter Comes Back For Ward Track Meet
By R. L. McDonald Chilled to the bone by a cold wintery blast, which swept down oii the stadium like an iceberg with wings, a handful of independent trackmen completed the Ward track meet yesterday afternoon with the honors being shared by A. E. Bachman and J. J. Denzler. Seven events were slowly and chillily run off to complete the contest begun Wednesday. Undoubtedly some startling times would have been clocked if the runners could have kept the 40 mile an hour gale at their backs all of the time. As it was, the men in the high hurdles had difficulty in settling back on the track once they had taken off to clear the high-sticks. The results of Friday’s freeze-out session of the meet are as follows: 220 Yard Dash—Won by A. E, Bachman; J. Hulvershorn, second; D. G. Malcolm, third; J. P. Andres, fourth. Time :24.8. Two Mile Run— Won by A. J. Kochlas. Time—11:15. 120 Yard High Hurdles—Won by R. B, Reed. Time—:23.6. High Jump—Won by R.^B. Reed. Half Mile Run—Won by C. Hunger; A. J. Golden second. Time— 2:09.8. Javelin Throw—Won by J. Denzler; C. R. Fuller second; A. E, Bachman, third. Distance—115 feet 9 inches. Broad Jump—Won by J. Denzler; A. E. Bachman, second; J. P. Andres, third. Distance—18 feet 6 1-2 inches.
That “one-armed paper hanger” we’ve been hearing about in prov erbs for so many years is really alive and is working in Page Hall on the campus of Ohio Stute University. “He’s the last one Fi says the foreman on the job.
Sigma Delta Psi Holds National Field Day Monday
Monday marks the long awaited date of the mass field day which is bejng held by the nation’s sports honorary, Sigma Delta Psi. Competition will be open to all students regardless of whether or not they possess a varsity letter or have entered into athletic competition at any previous date. The events to be run off are as follows; 100 yard dash, 120 yard low hurdles, 20 ft. rope climb, 100 yard swim, one mile run, bar vault, football punt, javelin throw, baseball throw, 16 lb. shot put, running broad jump, and the running high jump. Gold Medals Gold intramural medals will be awarded to the winner in each event, while a special trophy will be given to the individual high point man. Points will be awarded to first, second, third, and fourth place winners. Any man taking a first place in this field day may count his win as an intra-mural championship, substituting for any one of the required tests of Sigma Delta Psi, except in swimming. Since the 100 yard swim is one of the scheduled events, it will be held at 4:15 in the Memorial Gymnasium pool, on the same day.
STANDINGS
Pittsburgh St. Louis New York Brooklyn .
Chicago
Philadelphia
Boston
Cincinnati
—National League— Won Lost
15
12 11 11 10 8 7 6
4 8 8
10 10 12 13 12
Pet. .789 .600 .678 .523 .500 .400 .350 .333
Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 14; St. Louig, 4. All others rained out.
-American League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
Philadelphia
10
5
.667
Cleveland
.. 9
6
.600
New York
10
8
.555
Boston
8
7
.633
Detroit .
.. . 10
9
.526
St. Louis
7_
10
.411
Chicago
7
11
.388
Washington ..
7
12 »
.368
Yesterday’s Results St. Louis, 6; Detroit, 6. , All others rained out.
ARB YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Your light clothes will be given proper care if sent to the American Laundry. Either laundered or dry cleaned we give them that care that brings them back to you the way you like them.
Call 3085
American Laundry
HAYWOOD’S
RETAIL DEPARTMENT
LAFAYETTE, IND;iiiiiiiiiiiiijii
iiiiifKUMiMiittttiiHifi
ft
Dearie, E. G. Didier, L. B. Goldstein, H.
Hutchison, T. J.
Kirsch, J. L.
THEiioJltiWy
Saturday. May 15,1937
FRESHMEN VARSITY GOLF
^TODAY Meet 1:30 at Public Golf Course. Jade Bbcler, Golf coadi in chaege. Curtin, W.M. Kolb, R. M.
Sheay, R W.
Tulley, F. Waller, L. Ware, L. Weldy, S.
FRATERNITY CLASS DOUBLES
TODAY—1:30 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. —2:30— Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta\ Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Acacia. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi. Theta Xi vs. Theta Chi. —3:30— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle. Phi Pi Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa. Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho.
To Conduct Classes For Swimming Examiners Starting May 17 at 7:30 p. m., W. A. A. will hold a class each evening in the Men’s Gym for girls desiring to qualify as swimming examiners. Under the leadership of Miss Marian Russell, instructor in the physical education department for women, women students who passed the senior Red Cross life saving test may qualify for examiners.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry Sonth Third Street
Darner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main'at 7th Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
RINTIKG ones SfHnwety . . InvRiBaM OHONE • fcto i*olc»,Ele..., ^628 CASSEL'S
P
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:30,—4-H Club Program. 12:00—^Market Reports. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes From The Headlines. 12:46—Charles Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—St. Boniface School Band 1:45—:Eugene Finengan Trio. 2:00-—Campus Varieties. 2:30—Frankfort High School Drama. —MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashtes. 12:00—rAgricultural Forum by Glen Lehker, R. O. Cole. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Athletic Reyiew by Bob Heine.
TYPEWRITERS^ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C.-F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Wanted—To exchange with student, a very desirable first fioor room during summer for work in yard, etc. Apply at 333 S. Grant.
Tickets—1,000 for $100.00 and down—Down—DOWN to $2.00, at Kane’s- Printshop, 401 South 29th. Phone 205.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Best Soldier Contestants—All freshmen and sophomores in the Scabbard and Blade best soldier contest report to Armory in uniform May 16 at 1 ;30 olclock. —HOOPER.
Industrial Education Students—Call at my
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Jailer Skatefs for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. KIBE DK. HASOLD J. KIBE DK. KOBBRT G. K5SK DK. LUTHKR A. KIBK 400 Scholts Bldg. Phono 5701
DR. A. M. mtON DENTIST 110^1 Vino Woot Lafayotto Phono 4905
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free DeHyery F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
"tt’B a box of gardenia seeds from that Mr. MacTavish I was out with last night.” .
office arid make put schedules for next semester. —HOFFMAN.
W. A- A. Golf—"fhe following matches ar|Bto be played by May : Elstun vs. Guthrie, Little vs. Moorhead, Jones vs. Hall, Lyman vs. Baxter, Richards vs. Humphreys, Hiner vs: Callison, Randall vs. Hanley. Winter rules are to be observed. Play is to be match play. Turn score in to the W. A. A. office. —WILEY.
Seniors—B. F. Martin, Assistant Dean, Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration will interview on May 16 seniors who thay take a graduate pourse in Business Administration at Harvard. If interested call the Personnel Office. —WALTERS.
Purdue Lutheran Student Club—All of the members will meet at the Memorial Union Building at 3:30 p. m. May 16, for an outing at the W. A. A. Cabin : please
be prompt. —MAAHS.
W. A. A. Cabin Leadership CourseMeetings May 16 at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. at the cabin. In case of rain, call the gym.
—SWICK.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—There will be two make-up classes May 16 at 10 and 11 a. m. Horses will be at Women’s Gymnasium. Following girls report at 10; Marion Frazier and Virginia Huffman. Following report at 11; Margaret Meredith, Betty Brelsford, Ruth Wiley, Marie Wetzel, Mary Holtman, Virginia Beck and
There’s More di m Grown Gleaned Glothes
Plenty of places you can thiok of yOu have always wanted to go. Crown Cleaned clothes will take you there with a smart personal appearance.
Betty Jo Sexton.
Scabbard and Blade - report to thP Armory 15 at 1 o’clock.
—HAZELTON.
Active members n uniform May
-BAKER.
Reamer Club—Meet at HeavilOn Hall tower. May 15 at 7 p. ni. The attendance of pledges is compulsory. —TILLETT.
Student Senate—Members get keys of J. W. Townsend. —ROHYANS. W A.. A. Orchesis—Meeting at 4 p. m. May 17. All members please be present. —HARRY. P. E. W. Horseback Riding Class—Make up class at 10 and 11 a. m. May 15. Two
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES How about that Bulletin or Rush Letter ? • Your Banquet and Organization Menus? Many Fralcrnilics arc using paper napkins.
Phone 7828 for prices.
Lafayette Printins Co. 511 Ferry St.
LYLEE.|iTSHER Watchmaker This is all we do, bilt we do it well Opposite Post OflBce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Five Stores The five Lafayette Piggly Wig^y Stores are conveniently located: 110 Vine Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building > 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street 1616 Bfain Street
O T H
more girls can ride at 11 o’clock class. Horses' wiii be at the Women’s Gymnasium. —HAZELTON.
Glider Club—Wing splice will be started this afternoon. The following members will report to Bill O’Neil in the attic of the M. E. Building at 1 p. m.: Belsley, Beall, Braithwaite, Hammer, Wells and Reed. The following men report at 3 p. m. Hauprich, Hinkle, Johnson, Leshop, and Fiillenwider. The tow car about ready for assembly. The following men report at the tow car garage at I p. m.i Fairbanks, Welcott, Morgan, Crosby, Bayles, Giffen, Howard, and Eade. The ifollowing men report at 3 p. m.: Heiss, Kueck, Coen, and Schnebiin. ’The trailer is half finished, and the following men should get in touch with Kroeger before 1 p. m. at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity; Smith, Fink, Scott, and Osborne. , —WILTSHIRE.
W. A. A. Archery-^—Inter-class tourna-
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. Went Lafayette
Hm thlnkliur fellAw ealla A YELLOW V-S FORD TAXI CAB Black CaxB for Special Occaaiona 2Sc per pacaenger any part #f tha city 5022 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
ment May 17. In case of rain the tournament will be postponed until May 18. —WARD.
Mortar Board—^Meeting in W. S. G. A. office at 12 o’clock May 16. Very important. —ADKINS.
will
Mortar Board Pledges—Initiations be held at 7:30 a. m. May 16.
—ADKINS.
A. I. Ch. E.—All members are expected to be present for the election of officers and a talk by Professor Bray in room 209 Heavilon Hall at 8 p. m. —PFORZIIEIMER.
Alpha Bhl Omega Members—Call me at 7026 to tell me how many tickets you have sold. -FRANCOS.
W. A. A. Baseball—Class practice will be May 17 at 4 p. m. May 18 practice will be at 4:46 p. m. Those girls who have not participated in intramural games must be present at. all three practices. For
those who have particiimted, two practices are required. —TOWNSEND. W. A. A. Life Saving Examiners Course For Co-eds—Class for women students who passed senior Red_ Cross life saving test and are interested in qualifying as examiners, and those who want to requalify as examiners, will be held evenings in the men’s gym starting May 17, at 7 :80 p. m. and will continue through the week. —RUSSELL.
R. J. BATH Watch MaJopr 608 Main Street
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39c Ib. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100 lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers. JOHN SPERB HbW
/
Turn Your Assets
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to wll
; ; iV-.i
Lef an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer,
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad,