\s
QThc ffuriuE TSxaanent
Publish^ Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVitt
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATUBDAT, FEBKUARY 6,1937
NUIfBEB90
Union Board Picks Cast For “Castles In The Air” Betty Crangep And Bill Jones Get Leads; Unusual Array Of Talent
By Don Paarlberg
Surviving a strenous week of tryouts, successful students were named by the Union Board for the cast and choruses of “Castles In The Air,” the Union musical drama to be presented
at the Mars Theater on March 13.
Betty Granger and Bill Jones are to take the leads, Jones as
Carol of Latavia, whether • _ _ Prince or pretender no one PlanS
knows, smd Betty Granger as Evelyn Devine, romantic American girl who innocently rocks the Latavian throne. Fred Ahrens takes the part of Monty, an irrepressible collegian whose practical joke mixes the identity of the
Members of the cast and all who have tried out for the show, including the singing chorus, report at 1 p. m. today in the tower room. The girls’ pony chorus will appear in the ballroom,at 2, and the boys’ dancing chorus is scheduled in the ballroom for 3:30.
entire troupe and involves the Americans in a tangle of foreign intrigue. Knows The Answers Mary Ed Johnston, who plays op/ posite him as Annie, has an answer for everything that comes her way. Dave Thompson plays the part of Rodman, Evelyn’s wealthy guardian and a friend of “Ju-Ju” Durant, impetuous French opera star, played by Martha Whitehead. Louis Juillard, as General Slodak, (Continued on page 3)
February 6, 1937 “WHERE’S mother?” was the inquiry received by John Higgins, of DePauw University, in a letter from his father in New Albany. “I don’t know where your father is,” came in a letter from his mother the same day ... so John went home to tell each of the flood-separated parents where the other could be found .. . and they were only two miles apart. —30— CENTURIES ago, boys were named after their fathers by adding the word “son” . . . which accounts for Johnson’s, Williamson’s, etc . . . Today, fathers in the Borneo jungle name themselves after their sons and become known as Johnsfather, Williamsfather, or Richardsfather . . . -JOSTILL another suggestion on the way to prevent the spread of germs by kissing reaches our ears . .. another co-ed too ... she says, “If the kiss is hot enough the lips will be sterilizej^.” —JOONE psychology instructor at Ohio State believes in mixing business with pleasure . . . students in his two classes will dance to some of the best “swing” music the campus musicians can offer next Friday at a tea dance he is giving for them. The instructor explains that this will make students better acquainted . . . and he plans to do it every semester . . . —30— My rooms, sad to relS, Came 2 in a terrible stS. Tho he’d had 2 glasses Of something strS He st6 to the story ’Twas something he 8. —30— STUDENTS at Oklahoma are kicking about the new university ruling which assesses $3 for each hour of failure . . . 1,000 of them have signed a petition claiming that it is a “money-getting scheme of fhe universitys" ... They also say it kicks the student when he’s down, it’s graft, it will heighten cribbing and cheating on exams, and it is unconstitutional.,. outside of that they don’t object.
Open House This Sunday Students, Faculty Members Invited Between 3,
5 O’clock
With an invitation to all students and faculty members of the University, the Women’s Residence Hall will be open for inspection on Sunday afternoon, February 7, from 3 to 5 o’clock. Co-eds of Women’s Residence Hall Annex will greet the guests at the door, and will act as guides on tours of inspection through both buildings. Tea, coffee, French chocolate and wafers will be served continuously during the afternooiuj Final Plans In Making Miss Helen B. Schleman, with Georgianna Baker, Catherine Davis, Louise Schickler, and various committee chairmen aiding her, is making final plans for the affair.
Former Miami Univ. Coach Will Head Iowa Grid Staff Irl Tubbs, coach of Miami (Fla.) University for the past two years, was named head football coach at the University of Iowa Thursday, after a lengthy consideration by the board in control of athletics at the Iowa school. Tubbs, who revived Miami University football fortunes during his two years at the southern university, will succeed Ossie Solem, who resigned to accept a similar position at Syracuse University. Tubbs was selected from a long list of applicants including Arthur ‘Dutch’ Bergman of Catholic University, Jim Crowley of Fordham, and Charlie Bachman of Michigan State.
Wesley Players To Present ‘‘The Rock” Tryouts for the Wesley Players’ production of “The Rock” will be held at the Foundation House Monday and Tuesday, February 8 and 9, at 4 and 7:30 p. m. Nine men and six women are needed for the cast; a production staff of electricians, stage workers, costume managers, and make-up experts will be picked at the same times. Arrangements have already been made to give the play 4it Dayton, Fowler, and Delphi.
YWCA To Give Valentine Style Show A Valentine Style Show will be given by the Y. W. C. A. Thursday, February 11, at 4 o’clock in t)ie faculty lounge. This is an open meeting of which Sara Alice McIntosh is program chairman. Dresses and models will be furnished by Palais Royal and will include many spring and winter styles. Everyone is invited to attend.
EXPONENT MEN
All freshman, sophomore, and junior men, only, of the editorial and sports staffs must attend the meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 2 o’clock this afternoon. Bring copies of clkss schedules. Work schedules for the paper will be arranged. —MORRIS,
Debris Ed Bound By Bet To Remain Single For 8 Years By Hugh Forster The romantic fate of R. Wesley Dwight, Jr., has been signed and sealed. In the Debris office, hidden under the debris on the editor’s desk is a handsomely framed document. Printed on a blue card in modernistic letters is the following statement: “I, Paul S. Hawkins, promise to pay to R. Wesley Dwight the sum of twenty-five dollars if by the first day of August, 1945, I have ever married.” Wes Also Bound Wes reluctantly shows the statement to anyone who discovers it but neglects to mention that Paul S. Hawkins, an artist for the Indianapolis Engraving Company, has a similar document which binds Wes to a non-marriage bet. ^‘Oh, we got into a discussion about who would get married first and it ended in the bet,” Wes explains. “But, boy, oh, boy .. . eight years is a long time,” he continues as he rubs his chin. “You may quote me as saying, I’ll split the twenty-five bucks with any girl who can nab Paul,” he concludes glumly.
Agriculturist ' Staff Positions Open To Ag Students Students in the school of agriculture will be given an opportunity to become familiar with agricultural journalism and ag school activities any evening next week between 4 and 5 p. m. when they may sign up for work on The Purdue Agrieidturist. Although the present staff is nearly twice as large as last year’s staff, there is ample opportunity for several students, especially freshmen and sophomores, to develop an active interest and knowledge of the activity. Necessary To Start Now Students cannot expect to be given any serious consideration by the electoral board of the magazine when the 1937-38 staff is selected early in April unless they begin to exhibit a definite interest in the activity immediately, K. T. Caldwell, business manager of the monthly magazine published by ag students, stated.
Today in Japan, as during the past 1,600 years, a marriage ceremony consists of passing a cup of wine 18 times between the bride and groom.
E.N. Cox Again Leads Junior ROTC Cadete 158 Entered In Advanced Military Course For Increase Of 10 The military department announced yesterday the relative rank of the following uniors listed below. This year 148 juniors are listed in the advanced course compared to 168 who were enrolled last year. The first 26 juniors in order are: E. N. Cox, W. C. Musham, J. R. Murray, D. D. Baals, W. H. Wood, P, S. Emrick, N. E. Reinhard, F. L. Coers, E. C. Alexander, R. 0. Wickersham, B. C. Kingsbury, D. A. Morrison, C. L. Sadler. R. P. Griffenhagen, J. G. Conway, W. Fusiek, C. E. Maahs, D. J. Goodman, C. Lemasters, G. M. Martin, R. J. Aull, M. L. Underwood, E. E. Criss, G. Poehlmann, P. B. Ewing.
Union Radio Skit Today Broadcast From Music Room At 2 Over WBAA The Student Union will again present a Saturady afternoon radio program over WBAA today starting at 2 o’clock. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will furnish the music while the vocalizing will be taken care of by Sally Schaaf, Mary Ellen Foresman, and eJanne Beemer. Jim Shoemaker and Bob Heine will again handle the announcing part of the program. Miss Schaaf and Jack O’Haver, as the “Sally a'nd Jack” team, will again present some more comedy in their second trip to the microphone together. The program, which will be given from the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building, will last 45 minutes.
Halt Testifies In Hiram Walker Suit The Hiram Walker and Sons distilleries were awarded $1,810,070 yesterday in a suit against twelve insurance companies. Dr. W. K. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineering, testified in the case for the Walker concern as a timber expert. The suit involved a fire that destroyed the company’s warehouse No. 3 in Peoria, III., on July 22, 1935.
Elliot Roosevelt, the President’s son, has been appointed a member of the board of directors of Texas A. and M. College.
Student Collectors Only Human, Say Bartenders
By L. S. Hardin Just how safe are your guest towels, ash trays, cocktail glasses, salt and pepper shakers, and linens when Joe College or his sister Carry Coed drops in for a day or twoj Should a general alarm be sounded upon his arrival and someone hurriedly dispatched to twist the keys in all the locks ere Joe spots something he takes a fancy to ? Should he be regarded with a suspicious eye, even when paying an hour’s visit ? In making a hasty survey of Boilermaker haunts (in the daytime with no expenses paid!) it was revealed by certain hotel clerks, bartenders, and other affiliated persons that all the Joes and Carrys don’t have slick fingers; in fact some are quite sticky. Perhaps, after all, Joe is working his way through sdiool and isn’t it work to arrange a lamp in a small handbag without causing noticeable bulges? Rate High On the whole, though, students rate rather highly in the eyes of clerks and bartenders, especially. “Yes, they pick up a glass once in a while, when a bunch of them get together and get to feelin’ good,” said one jovial beer jerker. “But aft-
er all,” he continued, “they are only human, and who doesn’t want a souvenir once in a while?” Perhaps tap room operators think that the glass will soon pay for itself in advertising from its new location in someone’s room. Hotel Losses However, hotels do not fare so well. Losses in one Lafayette hotel in the form of silverware, towels, ash trays, bottle openers, lamps and shades, rugs, mats, linens, ink, and pens amount to $500 or $600 per year. This loss, of course, is not attributed to students alone. In fact, visiting basketball teams and students in general are considered among the best of guests. “They seem to have a mania for our barber shop globe,” said one hotel manager. “Just as soon as we put a new one on top of our sign, someone takes it or breaks it in the attempt.” So unless you operate a hotel, you need not flash the danger signal when,Joe or Carry comes up your walk. Best beware, however, if he attempts, as a certain ed once did, to wear a sewer lid home on his watch chain.
Martin Reappointed Brigade Commander
ROTC Selects New Cadet Officers; Brigade Staff, Other Positions Named Cadet Colonel Glen W. Martin has been selected to retain his position as brigade commander of the University R. O. T. C. for the second semester according to an announcement last night by Captain B. F. Hayford, by order of Lieutenant Clolonel Brewer. Appointments for other senior positions were also made. The four other cadet col* onels named were J. M. Baker, C. E. »37; M. E. Love, E. E. ’37; D. N. Wait, M. E. ’37; and J. R. Wergin, Ch. E. ’37. Cadet laeutenant Colonel F. Milner retains the position as brigade executive which he held last semes-
ter.
Brigade Staff The following men will compose the brigade staff: W. E. Winter, C. Brewer, L. D. Wood, and D. F. MuR. Other military appointments are listed below, but only the cadet captains are named in order of rank. Cadet Lieutenant Coltmel J. E. Burroughs, P. Milner, BL R. Swinford, L. F. Lischer, W. P. Luginbill R. H. Dieterich, P. C. Wray, O. W. Buenting, E. W. Anderson, J. L. Palmer, J. E. Anderson, R. A. Hartman, F. G. Wahl. Cadet Major W. E. Winter, E. P. Krebs, R. K. Williams, C. Brewer, J. W. Wright, R. L. Burkhart, W. T. Hooper, L. D. Wood, P. E. Dieterle, R. M. Kelley, E. G. Rothenberger, D. P. MuU. Cadet Captain R. P. Royster, S. P. Davis, G. E. Hines, C. E. Bryan, D. R. Moore, R. O. Borton, R. N. Lemen, N. J. Pultz, O. S. Aikman, W. Scholer,.B. P. Johnson, E. W. WMte, E. G. Lommel, R. R. Steward R. H. Lucas, R. E. Johnson, C. L. Klaiber, J. R. Burkhart, E. C. Miller, C. E. Rmley, W. I. Spitler. W. S. Chancellor, A. P. Ganimr, N. Belury, J. O. Williamson, L. W. Buchanan, G. B. Long, D. R. Tam, C. C. Hamilton, P. P. McDowell, H. J. Geder, P. W. Reed, R. H. Walpole, W. J. Lukey, S. D. Daniels, D. F. Williams, B. A. McCandless, H. L. Snodgrass, E. S. Lowman, G. Iddles, J. R. Brown, H. F. Antonini. P, G. Schurman, C. E. Capron, M. Drake, R F. Carton, J. Camhi, H. L. Coplen, S. T. Brewer, P. H. Justin, G. H. Nutter, C. J. Bank, E. L. Keller, R. S. Harrison, R. J. Hulse, L. B. Bornhauser, A. L. McCoUoum, J. H. Anning, W. C. Hunter, J. E. Shideler, J. C. Lome, P. P. Verdicchio, W. G. Logan, C. L. Baum.
Glen W. Martin
30 Co-eds Sign Up For Rush Sororities May Pledge All This Week Thirty girls have signed up for second-semester rush, which wifi begin Sunday, February 7, and will last until midnight Saturday, February 13. Upon registering, the girls paid one dollar fee. Aline Marshall and Marjorie Marquis were in charge of registration yesterday when 16 co-eds enrolled. Since there is no definite date set by Pan-Hellenic Council for the pledging, sororities may pledge a girl at any time during the sevenday period.
PIA ‘‘Independent Night” Program Set For Thursday An “Independent Night” program will be staged by the P. I. A. Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. This program, the first of a series which are free to students and the faculty, will consist of two pla3^, guest artist appearances, and music by the P. I. A. orchestra. “Tobacco Alley,” a humorous skit by William M. Randall, will be the first on the program. The cast of the play is: Maw Jeeters, Helen Steffee; Maw Tulliver, Jane Bauer; Jeeters, Bob Hughes; Clem Tulliver, R. G. Gibson; Henery, W. Briscoe; Dangerfield, W. Russee; Surveyor, C. Bowers; and Samantha,
Jeanne Campbell. “Tempered Justice”
“Tempered Justice,” second place winner in the Southworth Script Trophy contest, by Fred Verber, will be the second play of the evening. The cast for this play will be chosen this afternoon at 1 o’clock.
Minnesota Law Pupil Made Judge Twenty-one-year-old Mildred Melmar, law student at the University of Minnesota, has been elected as justice of the peace in the village of Ossea, Minn. Pretty, blonde Mildred explains and comments on the nature of her extra-curricular activity, “I ran for office because I felt it my civic duty, I felt someone who knows a little about law could do a better job. m gq^to my law classes in the monung and be a justice of the peace in the afternoon ”
Kavelin Engaged For Fraternity Presidents^ Ball A1 Kavelin, who recently completed an engagement in the Mayfair room of the Blackstone Hotel in Chicago, has been chosen for the Fraternity Presidents’ Ball next Friday. Kavelin is noted for having developed a unique arranging qual> ity that distinguishes his offerings, whether they are the salon type of music, the lively rhumbas, or the slow dreamy rhythms. (hi the night of the dance, a formal affair, 2 o’clock hours will be granted to co-eds. Tickets are now in the hands of all inter-fraternity presidents.
Cloudy And Cold Hr Tempy TIm XapoMBi
I went to the barb«a^ shop yratntday afternoon to get my tail trimmed. As usual I fell asleep In. the head rest (you can’t sit down when your tail is being tdmmed).. When I awoke, I found the barber bad dor prived my tail of its wither prophesying qualities. X took that as an omen. There will be an ecRpae of the sun today. P, S. ^^E^paed’* my tan wly can’t I ecRpse the sunt If the sun is showing the e<dipeae^ occur, othervdse it wHl he ideudy and e<dd.
>%
■>‘i''u-i'i'' ,. . ‘ ' V, ~
f
THE PUEDUE EXPONENT
Satarday» Fetinmry 6, 1987
Public Service vs. Private Eiuployment The difficulty of obtaining and keeping capable men, especially for higher govemi^ntal work, is constantly brought to notice. Emc^ ently trained individuals frequently do find their way into public service, but when their abilities are discovered they are usually tempted by private enterprises with propositions considerably more attractive toancially than any kind of government work open to persons of equal mental caliber. Persons holding the lower salaried government offices, say those with a remuneration of $2,500 a year or less, are compensated favorably in comparison with the pay that thmr services would merit in private business. The average American voter, however, being a person of modest income, cannot see how anyone can be worth more than $6,000 or $8,000 a year; large corporations, on the contrary, are willing to go to almost any length to secure the best executive, legal, and technical skill of the nation. As a result major executives of private companies receive salaries from 100 to 500 per cent in excess of those paid by government positions of corresponding responsibility. Columnist Paul Mallon, in a recent “News Behind The News,” tells of some current troubles of President Roosevelt in keeping valuable men. Chairman Landis, of the SEC, it seems, was offered the undersecretaryship of the Treasury several weeks ago in an attempt to get him to turn down an offer of the chair at the Harvard University law school. Landis considered the possibilities of the two propositions and decided on the teaching job. Now a similar promise is reported to have been made to Edward F. McGrady, assistant secretary of labor. But a large business corporation has given the labor trouble-shooter a $35,000-a-year offer, and McGrady may accept the latter job. Nevertheless, opportunities for men trained in public service are continually becoming brighter. The president’s proposed government reorganization bill is indicative of the slow trend toward replacing politicians by trained experts.—^R. P. M. Tuition Trust Fund How many persons have you known who would have gone to college but were prevented from doing so because the financial status of the family took a turn for the worse ? Depressions can not be prevented and the usual result is that education suffers. High school graduates who ordinarily would continue their education are unable to do so. In the future, however, if present plans work out, parents who plan carefully can be reasonably sure that the education of their children will continue despite financial conditions; unless, of course, the family is wiped out completely. The Princeton Tuition Saving Trust Fund plan, described recently in an article in the South Atlantic Quarterly, showed how this can be done. The article stated, “Under the Princeton plan all who will, whether alumni or not, may create a beneficial interest in a trust fund by depositing ten dollars a month, or any multiple of that amount. The money thus paid in is credited to the account of the depositor who names the beneficiary in whose behalf the saving is being undertaken. If, in the fullness of time, the beneficiary turns out to be college material, he may be fortunate enough to find some or even all of his college expenses paid, for in advance. If, however, the beneficiary should go loco from the standpoint of Princetonians, turn Yale minded, and remain there, Princeton still stands ready to pay his bills in New Haven as long as the trust fund of which
he is the beneficiary holds out “Provisions are also made for the students who never come to college. The Princeton plan meets this situation* by including in its terms a provision whereby any participant who desires to revoke the trust fund can do so by giving thirty days, notice of his intention. In case of revocation the deposit is payable at the option of the University in either cash or in United States government bonds at their par value. The Princeton plan may have its faults, but it at least is an attempt to solve a problem that has been more or less left to chance in the past. If financial conditions remain good, many families send their sons and daughters to college; if conditions are bad, the college education is forgotten. A college education is too impoHant to be left to such hit and miss methods. The Princeton plan, of course, is dependent on the cooperation of the parents^ or whoever sets up the trust fund, but, if carded out faithfully, the problem of financing a college education is provided for regardless of what financial conditions might be when the time comes for the son or daughter to enter college.—C. D. S.
tl|ie|$aci>ue exponent
rouide4 In 1881
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANGELES • PORTLAND > SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana. DeUvered by maU, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold hy single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
I>aily Student Publication of Purdue University
■diti»vin<Cbief„
EDITORIAL BTAPF
W. T. Hunt
Editor „.JB. H. Morris f—Editors■■■— ■■K.. A. Barnette, J. M BroclL A. H. Forster,
R. Pe Manion. C* 1m Sadler
Sopbomora Assistants .W. M. Anthony, D. A, Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. KeUogg, K. E. O’NeU,
WOMEN’S STAFF mMtar. . . .. .. .
AaannintaEdlfaHni .... Jeanna Janonadc. Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke Adrartblng Uanajrar... JBetty Barnett
BUSINESS STAFF
n .T. yrnlan
Mn^nid AireriRtim Manager. IfanuffMr
,».X. H. Brown D. 0. Miller
tflfi'i uiffTt^rry — ---r r, , ■
9. P. Girard
SfOBTS STAFF
L. D. Wood
ionniiiiia Mftpm—W. H. Fffldd, S. K. Griffiths, B, P. Obenehain
iRSlie Editor—'D. A. Bailey
NYA—An American Institution Nearly 10 per cent of the young men and women attending colleges and universities in the United States this year are earning a part of their expenses through employment on the Student Aid Program of the National Youth Administration. Preliminary figures compiled from reports of the state directors for December, which are subject to some slight corrections, showed a total of 124,818 young people enrolled on N. Y. A. projects in .1,686 colleges and universities in forty-eight states and the District of Columbia. Recent estimates by the United States Office of Education place the total college and university enrollment this year at approximately 1,788,000. Both the number of students receiving aid and the number of institutions participating in the program this year show increases over comparable dates for 1935. Whereas in November of that year 109,001 N. Y. A. students were listed in 1,602 colleges and universities, there were, in December, 1936, 15,817 more students receiving assistance in eighty-four more colleges and universities. Total monthly allocations for college and graduate aid in December were $1,869,143, according to the state directors’ reports. This was divided $1,770,533 for undergraduate aid and $98,610 for graduate aid, as compared with $1,559,645 and $79,300, respectively, a year ago November. Aubrey Williams, executive director, has pointed out that the 1,686 institutions of higher learning which have instituted student aid programs this year represent about 98 per cent of all institutions in the country which are eligible for such aid. Eligibility requirements are that the college or university shall be non-profit-making and tax exempt, which embraces practically all degree - granting schools in the couptry. “Such splendid cooperation on the part of the nation’s educators,” Mr. Williams added, “is one of the most encouraging aspects of the program. “It is no secret that the National Youth Administration was regarded with skepticism by some educators when it was established in the summer of 1935. Fears were expressed that it was an ‘opening wedge’ toward ultimate federal control of the educational system. “Such fears have been allayed completely as the program has developed. The N. Y. A. has not interfered in any way whatever with matters of curricula or administration, and the actual working of the program in each in stitution has been left almost entirely in the hands of the institutions’ own authorities. “The fact that approximately 98 per cent of the accredited colleges and universities in the country have adopted this program as a means of assistance to students of limited means, is adequate testimony of its value.” About 800 students are receiving National Youth aid at the University of Texas, and the education 6f almost 20,000 Texas youths is being made possible through N. Y. A. benefits. The monthly allocation to Texas ranks among the five largest amounts distributed—$97,540 —^with only California, Illinois, New York, and Pennsylvania receiving larger sums. The institution that National Youth Administration has grown to be^ cannot be supplanted in our American educational system. —Dally Texan.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
A vacation episode just breaking into prinIr-TOM WELDON and another student spent one night of their vacation in jail... while hitchhiking down to the flood area the car which picked them up hit an immobile object... supposed owner high tailed it, at the same time yelling “Run, boys, it’s a hot car” . . .
SIMILES; —^as hard as a D Chemistry course ... —as quiet as the Chi O steps at quarter till one any Saturday night, —as frequented as the airport... —as popular as Heavilon Hall tower at midnight . . . —as frequent as Sig Nu JOHNNY HUTZLER’S change of gals . .. —as downhearted as the pledges who didn’t make their grades . . . -as mild as a TOM COLLINS ... —as studious ? ? as STU TRUITT and his 31 hours of work . . . Some of my readers disagreed with me upon my choice for the woman with the biggest line . . . their opinions have it that BETTY JO SEXTON should be the winah, because of her recent two-hour telephone conversation ... I don’t classify that as a good qualification for line-slinging champ ... it is more a lack of control of the continual movement of a tongue . . . rather the best telephone line . . . While voicing our opinion of the SEXTON sisters—^there is RUFINA to be considered ... the home town boy, DAVE DEBTS, who has completely monopolized her time so far isn’t in school this semester ... a break for the rest of us—fish. Every one wonders why Sigma Chi BOB ‘D^eam Child’ HURT never has campus dates ... it is because he doesn’t want some poor, sweet, demure, little co-ed to fall for him . . . he’d hate to HURT her feelings because of his love for his Chicago gal . . . right egotistical, but honorable of BOB ... LOST—My knitting and glasses
DOTTY KUEHN. (Eds Note—DOTTY is getting absent-minded in her old age . . . she claims she lost the above in the UNION office, but really DOT ...)
FAMILY SUNDAY—MONDAY
il l LARI OU Si TOGETHER
morriad anolher fellow to please her boy-friend! UUAjUiaw.
—LAST DAY— Charles Sfarretf “WESTBOUND MAIL" and Noah Beery, Jr. "THE MIGHTY TREVE"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
a pair of skates, and ah—a pair of trousers with two seats.”
ROTH, FLORIST Lafayette, Indiana
To GENEVIEVE BERRY, Women’s Residence Hall, West Lafayette, Ind., Jan. 22nd. Lily Stuart Krauss 60 Postage Blomington, Ind 26 Total account $ .76
The above bill is one sent to TREVA BERRY ... a similar one was sent to VIRGINIA WILKING . . . these flowers were sent to their Indiana boy-friends during the latter’s finals . . . they were sent to the Delt and Sigma Chi houses here instead of there . . . Announcement of the winner of the 4 MARS PASSES will be made in Tuesday’s EXPONENT. . . .
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Phone 2779.
For Rent— Neat, single room, handsomely furnished. 342 Lawn avenue at corner of Grant. Phone 76882.
For Sale—Ford roadster. Took. Phone 31792.
For Sale—Dietzgen drawing set. Call 4667. D. R. Maple.
For Rent—Single room, good location,. 249 Chauncey. Phone 31291.
WBAA TODAY 11:00—Just Kids Program. 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Noon Melodies, Charles Powell. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Newscaster. 12:46—Markets. 1:00—Radlio Stage. 1:30—St. ^oniface Band. 1:45—Melody Moments.
—FINAL TODAY— BORGESS MEREDITH in ' "Wilifrerset" ■"■■Pills DONALD COOK In 'Ring Around the Moon' Sunday—Monday—Tuesday—^Wednesday STARTING MID-NKHT SHOW TONIGKr -11:30 iVAete heti aha Ireen all uout itpe?
With Herman Bing Mischa Auer Lucille Ball Frank Jenks
Added NEWS—COMEDY
5 long hiti by Sh. oompoior oi “Th. Littia Show” .and a lot oi othar big Whowil ^ ’Sturdily, Febtiiarar 6t 16S7
I'HE PtfRDUB EXPONENT
Minnesota will be the Boilermaker netmen’s first Big Ten foe of the second semester as the Purdue basketball squad meets the Gophers at Minneapolis Monday night. The Gold and Black team will be under Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s direction again and will be trying to come out of the post-exam slump
that was very noticeable in the
Notre Dame game last week. An intensive drill was held yesterday under the direction of Coach Ward Lambert after which he left for Minneapolis to scout the Min-nesota-Ohio State game tonight. Another practice will be held to-
day under the guidance of assistant coach Melvin Taube. After a good night’s rest at home, the Boilermaker squad will leave for Minne-
apolis tomorrow morning.
The starting lineup for the game Monday night will probably consist of Jewell Young and John Sines at
STARTS TOMORROW
FINAL TODAY RAY MILLAND SIR GUY STANDING in 'Bulldog Drummond Escapes"
YOUTH SACRIFICED!... ON THE ALTAR OF POWER!
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMA
LAST DAY GEORGE BANCROFT In "A DOCTOR'S DIARY" and CESAR ROMERO In "SHE'S DANOEROUS".
Netmen Re-Open Big Ten Fight
Co-Champs Leave For
Gopher Tilt Tomorrow Lambert To Guide Team; Young, Sines, Seward, Midaska And Downey Expected To Start By Bill Fifield
ielder’s.... ....choice
•By Bob Walpole
What is it that the Purdue has-, ketball team has that other schools don’t have? ... the answer is showmanship that draws over-capacity crowds . . . fans were turned away at Indiana, Notre Dame, lowr and all of the home games . . .
—^fc—
Jewell Young has committed only 20 personal fouls in 13 games in which he has participated this season ... he is far in advance of his nearest rival in the individual scoring race in th§ Big Ten, which is due to get underway at Minnesota in Minneapolis on Monday night .' .
—^fc—
During this second semester schedule for the Boilermaker netmen, they will meet every team in the first division with the single exception of Ohio State ...
—^fc—
Of the regulars that have been seeing the most action to date on the 1936-37 schedule, the most distant home town is accredited to Gene Anderson who resides in the city of Franklin, a distance of 86 miles . . . next in line is Co-Captain Jim Seward who hails from Indianapolis . . . the rest of the guys are practically neighbors, living within 33 miles of Lafayette . . .
—^fc—■
Keep in mind the dual swimming meet for this afternoon . . . this will be the initial showing of the varsity mermen . . . until grades were announced. Coach LaBree had high hopes of one of his best seasons . . . drop around anyway, and see what they have . . .
BASKETBALL MANAGERS
Candidates for sophomore basketball managerships please report at Memorial Gymnasium at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon. —PHELPS.
forwards, and either Jim Seward or Gene Anderson at center, Pat Malaska at floor guard, and Glen Downey at back guard.
KEYS Keya for tmnka, door locks, desk locks, nlcht latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
A R € SUNDAY—MONDAY
FLOOD PICTURES! —Plus—
and
Barbara Stanwyck and Robert Taylor in “His Brother's Wife" also Betty Boop Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY "Desert Justice" The Final Hour' "Darkest Africa'^
W^/?0 LAM&/EfZT PUi?DU£ COPCH Piggy Lambert, Purdue’s wellknown basketball mentor, has just recovered from an attack of the flu. Coach Lambert will be on hand to direct the fight between the Boilermaker hardwood five and the Minnesota team next Monday, evening.
‘‘Fighting Hoosiers” Invade Hawkeye Territory Tonight Indiana’s “Fightin Hoosiers” will make their first Big Ten start of the second semester against Iowa Saturday night at Iowa City. Coach Everett Dean will take 10 men on the trip. The Crimson team will be minus the services of Fred Fechtman, 6 foot 7 inch center, who ended his competition at the start of the second semester, and Willie Silberstein, junior forward, and letterman, who has withdrawn from the school.
Union Board Picks (Continued from page 1)
lends his dignity and foreign accent to the atmosphere of the play, and Karl Mueller, as the villainous Count Draaga, a romantic adventurer, supplies a touch of old-fash-ioned melodrama. Character parts are taken by Gaby Roe as Queen Regent, Jerry Ciral as the chancellor, and Leonard Everett as the Court Jester, whose antics create occasional uproar. Most of the leading roles call for dancing and a good voice as well as dramatic ability. Supporting the leads, and attractions in their own right, are the girls’ and boys’ choruses, who supply a background of music and beauty. Successful in their tryouts for the choruses are: Girls’ Pony Chorus Ruth Angert, Louise Bain, Treva Berry, Etta Best, Phyllis Crossman, Willie Gross, Dorothy Hardin, Betty Hayes, Betty Hixon, Blanche Kernel, ElizabethHunter, Edith Martin, Virginia Richards, Mary Jean Sefton, Betty Jo Sexton, Rufina Sexton, Margaret Stocker, Peggy Timberlake, and Virginia Wilking. A specialty dance will be put on by Betty Jo Sexton, Rufina Sexton, and Don Muller. Boys’ dancing chorus: Bill Ash, George Claypool, Dick Fink, Bob Fowler, Bob Helm, John Keck, G. Lewis, Don Muller, Jack O’Malley, Bob Reid, F. Robbins, Bob Schlendorf. Gene Wright, and Bill Yoeman. Singing Chorus Thomas Arnold, Jeanne Beemer, Betty Bennett, Harry Brenman, Benton Burns, Maurice W. Campbell, Charles W. Crouch, W. C. Compton, Mary Alice Craig, Glenora Cullipher, Louise Daniel, Estella Dix, M. E. Disney, Bob Engor, Mary Ellen Porseman, Tom Garlad, Clark George, Bob Gibson, I. Glassman, Hugh S. Henry, Mary Lou Hinchman, Helen H. Howard, Chick Jackson, Dorothy Johnson, Marjorie Louis, Margaret McBride, Sqmuel J. Martinez, J. A. Moore, Martha Moorhead, Betty McKee, J. S. McWilliams, Dorothy Newman, Martha Norman, Maxine Peters, Leland S. Phelps, J. R. Phister, Charlotte Pike, Ruth Bandall, Ruth Renfroe, W. C. Rogers, Malcolm D. Ross, J, W. Scatterday, Sally Schaaf, Martha Smith, Martha Spring, Clyde Stewart, Donald Terrio, Georgia Walker, Fritzie Walkey, W, C. White, Mary Wein, Jean Whitney, and Fred 6. Wright.
Tankmen Face Hoosier A. C. Boilermakers Contest Capitol Team In Memorial Gym Today The Gold and Black swimming team will provide the lone, home sports attraction this week-end. The tankmen will swim a splashfest against the Hoosier Athletic Club, of Indianapolis, at three o’clock this afternoon in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. The team has been temporarily disrupted by the ineligibility of Closson, Whitcomb, and Kerber, all veterans, but Coach LaBree hopes for the early reinstatement of the former two. However, the team’s ace backstroker, Kerber, will be out for the remainder of the current
season.
Coach LaBree’s swimmers will open their Big Ten schedule against Indiana in the Memorial Gymnasium pool next Friday evening at 3
o’clock.
BASKETBALL
TODAY
Court 1—Official, Abell 7:00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 7x (B). 7:15—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 2 (B). 8:26—^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi
Plmnbing, Heating,. Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
D6mer*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
The thlnMiiar fellow ealb A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Bpeeial Occaoiona 25e per paeunarer anp part of the city 5028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Alpha
Sigma Kappa (A^. 8:40—^Triangle vs. Siguia Epsilon (A). Conrt 2—Official, Chapaaa 7:00—Ward 4 vs. Ward 6 (B). 7:1&—Ward 8 vs. Ward 9 (B). 8:25—Ward 10 vs. Ward 11 (B). 8:40—Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta (A). Court 3—Official, Hobart 7;0(L-Ward 12 vs. Ward 15 (B). 7:16—Ward 14 vs. Ward 12x (B>. 8:26—Ward 16 vs. Ward 17 (B). 8:40—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Pi (A).
February Only! RYTEX TWOTONE GREYTONE PRINTED STATIONARY Very new and very smart with contrasting pastel color inside the Sheets and Envelopes. The outside . . . smooth white vellum with faint Grey lines . . . the inside lines in subtle shades of Blue, Green, Orchid or Ivory. 50 DOUBLE SHEETS 50 ENVELOPES
$1
With Printing on Sheets and Envelopes Note Sheets Clever little note sheets in the same delightful color combinations as the double sheets. 50 Note Sheets and 50 Envelopes .. . including printing . . . only $1 HAYWOOD'S Retail Dept. Lafayette, Ind.
It's time
SHOE ICE-SKATES $4.00 to $7.95 JOHN SPERB/Hdw. 822 MAIN STREET
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
SPECIAL R. O. T. C., Band and Officers' Uniforms CLEANED AND PRESSED
57c
Shirts 10c, Ties Ic, Belt Ic, Overseas Caps Ic, When Sent in With Uniforms PHONE 3085
Amerkan ^Laundry■€' *
vf*” 1' K'‘ ffipv: ■( I"' ‘ i?< V'' ■ t'i5
TH^J PtritDUfi E3tlc»0NBNf
Garbo, Taylor Co-Star In Dumas ’ Immortal ^Camille ’
SUDDEN ^RVICE
PRINTING
P
PHONE I 6 S 8 CASSEL’S AOSIFERR^P I
Offie* SUtionwy. > >)/«<kilns InviUUoM Mu Books, E(e....
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
We Can
Not Describe
the Goodness of This FRESH FLAVORED APPETIZING
BUTTER
You Will Have to Try It
♦**
Sunshine Farms
Phone 5015
Begins Tomorrow At Mars With “Name” Cast
Sftttirdtty. yel»rtittify 8* t88*r
Ci
imtEi
By OUVB SCHATZLBY
Methodist Students: The Wesley Foundation Council will have its regular breakfast meeting tomorrow .morning at 8 o’clock. All of the council members are urged to attend. This is Race Relations Sunday, and that theme will be carried out in the various seirvices throughout the day. Thfe co-ed class will meet at the Foundation House with Mrs. Burtsfield as the speaker. She will give a book review of the W. F. M. S. book “Congo Crosses.’’ T. K. Noss will speak at the meeting of the men’s class on “Race Relations.” Everybody is invited to enter into the companionship and good fun at the fellowship hour at the Foundation House at 5 o’clock. Supper is served for 16 cents. The Epworth League program will concern “Race Relations” with Allen Smith and Anna Lewis as the speakers. This service is at 6:30 at the church.
Garbo in love with Robert Taylor! The most glamorous, most alluring, most talked about actress in the world in an enthralling romance with the handsome young screen star who has achieved the most phenomenal rise in popularity in the annals of Hollywood. This is the sensational love team presented in the-long-awaited Met-ro-Goldwyn-Mayer filmizations of the celebrated Alexandre Dumas play and novel, “Camille,” directed by George Cukor who directed “Romeo and Juliet,” and opening Sunday at the Mars Theater. The meteoric Taylor, as Armand, becomes Garbo’s seventeenth lead ing man in her eleven years of stardom, while he, within two years has climbed to the peak of popularity opposite eleven of the screen’s leading stars. Others featured in a typical Garbo cast of “big names” include Lionel Barrymore, Eliza beth Allan, Jessie Ralph, Henry Daniell, Lenore Ulric and Laura
Hope Crews.
Christian Students: The students’ class program will begin at 10 o’clock, while the regular morning program starts at 9:30. The morning worship service will start at 11 o’clock with Reverend Mullen preaching on “Marks Of Greatness.” This is a continuation of the preEaster series of sermons. The Christian Endeavor program will begin at 6:30 with a social hour and games, followed by a luncheon at 6 p. m. At 6:30 Mildred Minniear will lead the discussion period. Reverend Mullen will preach at the
evening services.
Have your hat Crown Cleaned and Blocked—om new method makes them repellent to Water.
You’ll get clothes economy at lowest cost you use Crown Cleaning Service regularly.
FINE CLEANERS 01^ FINE CLOTHES
NOTICES
Na noticM Kcaiited aftor B p. m.
Freshman Fencing—Freshman fencing vsrill start February 9 at 4 p. m. There will be a meeting in the fencing room which is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the Recitation Building. —LACEY.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gynmasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. ' —MAIER.
WBAA Operators and Aspirants—Meet in Studio A of Electrical Engineering Building February 8 at 4 p. m. —LAWBENZ.
Reamer Club—Important meeting February 8, at 7 p. m. in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building. —BUXTON.
. P. E. W.—^A new bowling class for beginners has been added to t^ winter term schedule. This will be held Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a. m. —HAZELTON.
W. A. A. Bowling—^Two practices necessary to enter intramural bowling tourney. Please get these in and report to your managers before February 9. —BOEHM.
N. Y. A.—All N. Y. A, checks, including those from Wa to end of alphabet, for period ending January 10, are available at the cashier’s office. —HOLLBNSBE.
W. A. A. Bowling—Two practices necessary to enter the Intramural Bowling tournament. Please practice before February 9 and report scores at the alley. —BOEHM.
Y. W. C* A. Music Committee—^Meet in Y. W. C. A. office February 6 at 1 p. m. —WIEN,
Playshop Stage Crew—^Important meeting February 8 at 4 p. m. in the Union sub-base-ment. —GLOVER.
Union Workers—All sophomores report at 2 p. m. February 6 in the workshop, finportant. —PUTZE, REED, CLAYPOLE.
Graduate Students—First meeting of the Graduate Forum this semester will be held February 7 at 6:80 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation House. Dr. Present will discuss “The Sit-Down Strike." —HOW.
University Orchestra—^Important rehearsal February 8 at 7 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
Pi' 1. A.—^Regular Monday dance class will meet promptly at 7 p. m. February 8 in the Women’s Gymnasium. —BU’TCHER.
P. E. W. Freshman Esemptlon TestFreshmen wishing to take the exemption test so that they may take life saving for credit will meet in the Women’s Gymnasium February 8 at 4 p. m. —ELUS,
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m. February 9. —DRISCOLL.
Presbyterian Students: “The Feneral Motors Strike” will be discussed by Dr. W. V, Owen at the Sunday Evening Club. Supper will be served promptly at 6:16. The talk will begin at 6:30 in the Education Building. At 9:30 Dr. Graves will lead a discussion of “Jesus And Our Present Economic System” in the student rooms of the church. Mr. Findley will speak at the morning worghip service on “Facing The Future With The Equipment Of The Past.” Central Church is located on Seventh street at Columbia in Lafayette.
DR, A. M. IRION DENTIST
119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
Baptist Students: Dean Fisher will teach the Koger Williams class tomorrow morning. Communion will be served at the 10:36 service. Rev. Joseph B. Gleason wil Ispeak on “Jesus, The Man Of Prayer.” The C. C. C. “Hill Billies” will play during the social hour. Supper at 6 p. m. Election of officers will take place at 6:30. Prof. G. A. Young will speak on “Purdue Traditions” after the election. Hymn singing will constitute the Happy Hour Service at 7:30.
Episcopal Students—There will be a celebration of the Holy Communion, with music and sermon, at 10:46 a. m. The Young Peoples Fel lowship meets at 6 p. m. for supper and at 7 o’clock Prof. Frank Hall will speak on the topic “The Fate Of Religion In Communistic Rus-
An All-Denominational vesper service will be held in room A of the Memorial Union Building on Thursday at 4 p. m. Dr. Hadley will speak on the subject “Pause A Little, But Not Too Long.”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Pull Over Sweaters
Made of fine worsted yarn, plain stitch — ribbed cuffs and tail — Black, Oxford, Maroon, Blue Heather, $2.95
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO.
322 MAIN ST.
l®4
Our New Spring »"^f""HaYe Just Arrived
. CiotWng ft.,
:I00 They adapt themseWeS'sP a
place it cou • of co ' |,ack.
hi r.S..= “ ” ’”“3:;uCE suits
*25.00 129-50
topcoats
|22.50 125.00 Terms if OesXtei
122.50
“POSTS” QUALITY DRAWING EQUIPMENT THAT MEET ALL UNIVERSITY REQUIREMENTS ]0"-30°-60° TRIANGLE ,...$ .59 SLIDE RULE, LEATHER CASED l..$9.95 DRAWING PENCILS, VENUS F-2H-4H-6H $ .09 DRAWING BOARDS $1.19 IRREGULAR CURVE , $ .39 RUBY PENCIL ERASER " $ .05 PENS, HUNT #4, HUNT #512 2 for $ .05 PENS, LEONARD #516EF—GILLOTT #404 2 for $ .05 KECO'INK25c; PENHOLDERS - $ .05 T SQUARE—CELLULOID EDGE $1.39
HEAVY QUALITY COVERALLS
Blue or Hickory Stripe Full Cut
$1.89
SHOP CAPS Gray 19c
LEATHER GLOVES with Leather Guffs 45c
LAUNDRY CASES Fiber $1.69
LAUNDRY CASES Cloth 99c Fillers 15c
SHOP APRONS 39c
LEATHER GLOVES 49c
WOOL PLAID lACKET COATS $6.98 Purdue Colors
SUEDE LEATHER JACKETS $8.79 Belted Pleated Backs
SEARS. ROE BUCK AND CO
LAFAYETTE, IND.
3rd and South Sts.
PHONE 4039