V
'The Morning Shamerock' . .
Z.IM
FoiiiiM In 1889
x^pMiem m Dellr SIMM 1906
CmnM MonSair lUljHMllHaif PTWMFMMMMJpe
Volume 52, No. 138
West Iiciiayette, Indiona
Scrturdoy, March 15, 1041
University
Parents
Draft Board Announces University To Offer Harem Scarem , Co-ed Capers'^ Open Student Reclassification House Highlight Week-End's Activities
Reclassification of all college students now under blanket deferment from compulsory military service must be made before July 1, National Selective Service Headquarters in Washington, D. C., announced yesterday. The University has possession of material connected with this reclassification, and it will be made available to students involved within the next “few days,”
officials made clear last night.
State Draft Directors Notified Brigadier General Lewis B. Hershey, deputy director of draft administration, notified state draft'directors that “in reclassifying students, all facts in the possession of the local board at the time of the student’s classification in I-D or I-E shoiild again be given full consideration, together with any evidence of changed status which may have occurred since classification.” General Hershey said that if, on reclassification, a student is determined to be “in training or preparation” for ^iny industry, business, agricultural pursuit, or governmental service which is “necessary to the national health, safety, or interest,” then that student should be given occupational deferment. Scholastic Standing Considered Further excerpts from General Hershey’s statement are; “In determining whethei or not a student is a necessary man within the provisions of the Regulations the local board should give due consideiation to such factors as the length of time which the student has been pursuing the course in question, his relative progress and standing in such course, and his relative chances for employment or placement in the activity for which he IS preparing ” “Contracts of employment or other reasonable assurances that the registrant will engage in an essential activity” will be determining factors in the granting of occupational deferment. “The proper classification of students and others in training or preparation constitutes one of the major problems of the Selective Service System. Marked concern has been manifest by educators and other interested persons with respect to the status of students after July 1,1941, particularly those students enrolled in professional, scientific, technical, or highly specialized fields of endeavor.” Necessary Men Deferred “Students or other registrants undergoing instryction may be deferred in Class II-A by the local board where the activity for which the registrant is in training or preparation is one essential to national health, safety, or interest, and the registrant is found to be a necessary man.” —- General Hershey stated that this period of occupational deferment may not exceed six months but that the deferment could be renewed from time to time if the local board deems that such an extension is justified under regulations. He added, however, that “in applying these board provisions there must be no deviation from the clear statutory prohibition against group , deferments,” and that local draft boards “must decide each individual case on its particular facts.’I This policy letter, selective service officials said, will be sent to all state directors fpr immediate release to the 6,500 local draft boards. 850 CoufJes Attend Cary Club 'Joe Hop' Dressed in sweaters, sport coats and “bum” shoes, over 860 Cary Club “joes,” their friends and their dates danced to Tiny Hill’s “Music With A Mood” last night from 9 to 12 o’clock in the south ballropm of the Union.
Scabbard And Blade Announces Pledges As 400 Couples Dance During intermission of the Scabbard and Blade dance at 10:80 o’clock last night, Cadet Colonel B. W. Gibson, chairman of the pledging committee, announced the names of 38 Scabbard and Blade pledges for this year. The new pledges are: F. J. Wood, L. L. Stahl, H. W, Hale, J. A. Bierlem, R. A. Dibos, J. S. Evans, W. B. Farber, D. W. Chrisman, R. V. Youkey, C. W. Petersen, J. H. Parks and G. C. Dodson. J. M. Schnaible, C E.~*Schwartz, R B. Stecker, W. A. Campbell, W., L. Sullivan, N. W. Raber, R. D. Coleman, E. L. Gregory, E. P. Neate, R D Mellin, A. E. Snyder, H. V. Bull, J. L. Cullen, H. E Gommel, G. B. Robbins and J. E. Fant E. M. Tingley, F. E. Laramoie, W. F. Gunkel, B. M. Smith, M. M. Moorhead, H. H. Truitt, S. L Matthews, P. L. Fenn (band), D. E. Haines (band), and C. G.” Yates (band). Profs. H. R. Allen and H. L. Solbeig and F. L. Willis were also pledged as associate members of the organization. Over 400 couples danced to the music of Eddie Mack and his University of Illinois band from 9 to 12 o’clock last night at the Scabbard and Blade annual military dance in the north ballroom of the Union. d.t.b. British Newspaper Advocates Big Push In Greek Battle Aid (Editor’s note: Are the British prepaiing to offer powerful resistance to a combined German-Italian assault on Greece and thus create a second front? Correspondents in Great Britain and Greeve have not been permitted to send precise information on that vital topic but the -following dispatch strongly hints that Britain means to help Greece in a big way. George Weller reported from Sofia on Feb. 21 that important British contingents had left Cairo for Greece.)
By William H. Sioneman SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily Foreign News Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, March 14—On Tuesday the London Times, in referring to the Balkans, ventured the opinion that “it is hopeless folly to abandon the initiative” and indicated that the British government would not be guilty of this folly. Continuing cagily to examine the situation, today’s issue emphasizes that “a fresh offensive by the Royal Air Force, on the Tepelini front was reported yesterday. “All help, on whatever scale, that can be given to the heroic Greeks, whom no superiority of numbers or threat of fresh invasion can intimidate, has been earned a thousand times and is of immediate benefit to the common cause,” it concludes.
In 'Preparedness' Course Scheduled For
Prospective Draftees
To meet th^ growing demand for a program of physical preparedness for University students registered under the National Selective Service Act, a new course, PE 12, “Physical Preparedness, has been organized to start immediately following spring vacation and continue until the end of the current semester. Eligible, interested students must make necessary arrangements between Monday and Thursday of
next week, March 17 Jo 20.
AU Registered Students Eligible All undergraduate students who are registering for selective service' and expect to be called by September 1, 1941, or who are enrolled in the ROTC and will receive their commissions before September 1, 1941, providing they have a health service rating of A, B, or CR, are eliigble for the physical preparedness course which required four hours of training each week and earns two semester hours of credit. The faculty executive committee has approved a plan to permit all students enrolled m the course to cancel, as of March 22, any threecredit course, now on their schedule, except military training, with the perijiission of the head of the school or division concerned and to substitute the new two-credit course in
physical preparedness.
Registration Begins Monday All interested, eligible students are requested to legister between Monday, March 17, and Thursday, March 20, in room 110 of the Fieldhouse, which will be open from 8
a. m. to 4:30 p. m. daily.
There, a questionnaire pertaining to selective service status must be filled out. The student will then report to the head of his school or division and discuss the course to be
dropped.
When the “drop and add” slip has been signed by the head of the school or division, it will be taken at once, together with the questionnaire and the student’s schedule card to the Registrar’s office. Registration must be completed not later than Saturday, March 22. The first classes will start the week of March
21.
Classes Arranged Tentatively Tentative arrangements call for classes as follows: Division A, Monday and Wednesday from 4 to 6 p. m.; Division B, Monday and Wednesday from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.; Division C, Tuesday and Thursday from 4 to 6 p. m.; and Division D, Tuesday and Thursday from 7:30 to^:30 p. m. The course will consist of activities promoting body development and activities promoting skill. The degree of improvement by enTolled students will largely determine the grade received for the course. Interfraternity Dinner Will En4 Greek Week Over nine hundred fraternity mei^bers and pledges are expected to attend the annual Interfratemity Banquet in the south ballroom of the Union tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock. The banquet is held as a climax of the campus’ “Fraternity Education Week.” Each fraternity will send all pledges, their chapter advisor and at least five members bf their active organization. Norman Hackett, national secretary of Theta Delta Chi, will be the principal speaker. Each fraternity will be seated at its own table at the banquet. r,s.k.
“Mid-Term Folks Day”—^the first one to go down in the annals of the University—commences its interest-packed schedule of activities for visiting parents and visited students this afternoon at 1 o’clock. All student organizations and activities, as well as University ofiicialdoin, are cooperating to give the “folks” a comprehensive idea of what goes on in a student’s spare time.
Sevitzky ToConduct Symphonic Request Concert Tomorrow Fabien Sevitzky will conduct the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in its second appearance on the campus this season tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Hall of Music. The all-request program is sponsored by the Northwest Indiana Section of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra Society Women’s Committee. In addition to Ravel’s “Bolero,” promised to the University students by Sevitzky when the orchestra played at a convocation here last fall, the program will include “La Mer” by Debussey, “Fugue for Eighteen Violins” by Dubensky and Symphony No. 2 by Sibelius. Tickets Now On Sale Tickets for the concert aie now on sale at the west desk of the Union, or they may be obtained at the door tomorrow. Balcony seats are 50 cents and main-floor seats are one dollar. Over 1,000 letters requesting numbers to be included in the program were received by Fabien Sevitzky from students and other music lovers, of which some 476 mentioned the “Bolero.” j.h.a.
Today's Program For Mothor And Dad 1:00 p. m.—Registration of parents of unorganized students—Student Union Office. 1:30 p. m.—Bowling—"Doc" Miller's "Pill Rollers" vs. All-Star Fraternity Team—Union Bowling Alleys. 3:00 p. m.—"Co-ed Capefi"—South Ballroom, Union. 4:30 p. m.—^Tea Dance—North Ballroom, Union. 6:00 p. m.—Dinners at houses and residence halls. 8:00 p.m.—"Harem Scarem"—Student-Produced Musical Comedy—Hall of Music. 9-12 p. m.—Mixer—North Ballroom, Union.
Paul Reedy's Band To Play At Union Tea Dance Today Paul Reedy’s band will play for the Student Union tea dance in the north ballroom of the Union this afternoon from 4:30 to 6 o’clock, following the Co-ed Capers program in the south ballroom. All students, and especially parents here for “Mid-Term Folks Day” are invited to attend.
"Hare'm Scarem" Will Climax Folks' Visit Tonight « As Cast Of 100 Present Show In Music Hall At 8 With Doc Miller’s double co-starring with Ollie Lynch, Wells’ and Hayt’s new Union Show, “Harem Scarem” or “The Sultan Is A Lady” will get under way at 8 o’clock this evening in
the Hall of Music.
“Hai em Scarem,” a principal feature of “Mid-Term Folks Day,” is sponsored by the Purdue Dads’ and Mothers’ Association and the Stu-
dent Union.
The show, with a cast of over a hundred persons,. represents six weeks of effort that started with the writing of the words and lyrics of the show during mid-semester vacation. The music will be provided by Bill Martin and his band. Tickets priced at 16 cents are still available and can be ;^urchased at the door tonight. The doors will open at 7:15 o’clock.
Mahn Will Play For Mixer Honoring Visiting Parents Maury Mahn and his campus band, following the presentation of “Harem Scarem,” will play for the regular Saturday night mixer in the north ballroom of the Union. The dance to be held immediately after the show, will be free to visiting parents of students. The regular miXer price of one dollar will prevail for others. r.s.k. Elliott Addresses 152 Short Course Grads As 4 Receive Awards President E. C. Elliott s^oke yesterday at the graduating exercises for 162 students who completed the University agricultumshort courses of eight weeks. Of the 162 students who received their ^certificates, 17 -graduated with honor, signifying extremely high grades of scholarship. * Short talks were made by Dean of Agriculture H. J. JReed and Associate Dean V. C. Freeman. Another feature of the program was the presentation of scholarship awards to the top ranking student in each of the four options of study offered. These awards were presented to C. F. Walker, Hartford City; P. R. McLain, Cincinnati. 0.; R. H. (Jammers, Grand Rapids, O.; and E. N. Nussbanm, Monroe.
Eight Co-ed Groups Compete In'Capers' For Decker Trophy This afternoon at 3 o’clock m the south ballroom Co-ed Capers will be presented as a part of the “MidTerm Folks Day.” Co-eds will compete for the Decker Trophy with their presentation of ten minute
skits.
Alpha Chi Omega with Eloise Green in charge, will present “Turnip Greens”; Alpha Xi Delta, Janet Kendall chairman, “AT Book Review”; Chi Omega, Ann Van Hook, “Downfall of William MacCaully”; Delta Gamma, Virginia Creason, “This is the Life”; Thaeles, Lois Fried “Evolution of Melodrama”; WRH North, La Vern Zeno, “Knock, Knock, Who’s There?”; WRH South, Emily Lloyd and Wood Hall, Emily Squires, “And the Lamp Went Out.” The winning skit will be picked by the following judges: Mrs. F. B. Knight, president of the YWCA advisory board. Miss Irene Feldt, director of the placement service for women and Robert Horn of the speech department. Tickets are now on sale outside the Sweet Shop for ten cents. The proceeds from the sale of tickets will be used to send delegates to the annual YWCA conference which will be held in Geneva, Wis., this
year.
Jane Julin is in chhrge of Co-ed Capers, and Alice Reed is chairman of the program committee, Jane Blank is in charge of tickets and Vivian Peterson and Jeanne Weil are in charge of publ^ity. Dinner Concludes ASME Management Discussion Walter Stephenson, president of the Indiana Manufacturers^ Association, last night discussed the problems of the manufacturer in the present defense program at the annual joint dinner meeting of the student branch and the central Indiana section of the ASME in^the Union. • Last night’s program concluded a two-day discussion of management problems attended by key men in management and engineeidng prac.-^
tice.
Activities Will Open Doors To Visiting Parents Today University student activity groups housed in the Union will hold “open house” this afternoon from 1 to 4 o’clock as a feature of the “Mid-Term Folks Day” program. Union workers will be on duty in the Union Building during the afternoon in an effort to direct visitors through the building and to activities’ offices. The following activity offices will be open for visitors’ inspection: Exponent, Puttering Shop, Music Room, Camera Club, Aeromodelers* Club, Debris, Student Senate, Agriculturist, Student Union and PIA.
Campus Art Groups Pool Resources in Exhibition The Puttering Shop and the Camera Club are pooling their resources today and tomorrow to present an exhibition in the East Reeeptien Room of pictures ^nd art objects produced by their members. « This exhibit is a part off t^jb'^'MidTerm Folks Day” celebration. The display is one of the most comprehensive ever prepared bythese two organizations. Union officials said last night. It includes 15 moimted pictures by the Camera Club, and linoleum block prints, record albums, clay models and other art objects of the Puttenng khop^ Bob Parks of the Pattering ^op is in charge of the exhibit. b.g.s. Data Shaat Prices Tn lUsa, Activities Bureau Warns The price of personnel data sheets published by the Activities Bureau wiU rise from ?3.16 ta $3.50 next Friday, bureau officials annoimced yesterday. Data sheets, recommended as helpful in obtaining placement bv several industrial concerns, will go .on sale at a booth in £ront of the Sweet Shop beginning Monday-.r&W i'
y'
'#' ’l" ^ >- ^ s, *^\ \ ■*
r 4^-, >« j
, s?
fijctg^L l^SpoAtiL
Saturday, March 15, 1941
(pJuJidtJUL £xp0iumL
I#
FWe Wrestlers "^Leave For AAU Tourney Today Matmen Compete At 1 At Indianapolis YMCA Traveling to the AAU wrestling meet at Indianapolis today are five Riveter matmen, who will compete against wrestlers from colleges, clubs and high schools at 1 o’clock tiiis afternoon in the Indianapolis YMCA. Malcomb MacDonald, Riveter 118 pounder from Tulsa, Oklahoma, a 134 pounder from East Chicago, held the state championship at his weight two years. Mark Mativana was runner-up in the state meet two years ago, and he won the championship at his weight last year Three Tough Boys Warren Gregory, 145 pounds, from Southport, held the state championship at his weight last year. Jim Paratore, 158 pounds, a sophomore from East Chicago, Indiana, was the runner up three years ago and two years he was state champion at his weight. Sam Williams, a 146-pounder from Columbus, Ohio, did not do any wrestling in high school but is possible varsity material for next season. Coach Reeck stated that these men should provide him with some good varsity material for next year’s team. There will be one more tournament for the freshmen which is two weeks away. It will end their season, the varsity team having already completed its schedule. w.a.f. W. M. Hilt . . . graduate of the School of Electrical Engineering, has joined the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing company’s graduate student course preparatory to entering the central station sales department
By Joseph Patrick Dolan You probably noticed the front page story on the new physical education course for Purdue men of draft possibilities and advance military men who will enter the service before September 1. This movement represents one of the finest innovations this school has made in its curriculum since many of us entered school four years ago. —I-I— The usual picture we have of a college man is the well-conditioned young man of vitality and energy, but those of us who are truthful and near the campus life find very, very few men in the “pink” of condition as our hypothetical “rah-rah boy.” Reason enough is the soft" life the student leads, the only muscle groups getting exercise are those delicate ones above the eye brows. -1-1— Even the modern athlete, only four months out of season will find .himself putting on weight at an alarming pace, after the close of his training activity, I realize that with the present assignment rate handed out by instructors we can’t “aiford” to take time for conditioning, and it’s no more than right that the school produce a plan that will foster physical improvement as well as graduation credit for it. —I-I— And that is just what Dr. Elliott and Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood did. If you are of draft age and your number IS up, you can take the conditioning course of two hours credit, drop that course “that you were talking into taking,” and at the same time get the same as “three hour credit,” because one hour will be
DOUBLE HORROR SHOW
THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL! It’s Creepier and Chillier than Cemetary on a Foggy Night.
IT WILL TURN YOUR BLOOD TO ICE! BORIS KARLOFF as THE APE — PLUS — Sinister Oriental Murder Mystery! The Phantom of Chinatown with KEYE LUKE
NO SISSIES ALLOWED
uriii
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
TODAY—The Saint in Palm Springs PLUS; You’re Out of Luck
mf'
It's u UN-CIVIL WAR of Jfea^/ TM nm n. m smt South » for Ihit Yankto wit I hoittyful blonde!
M
Starts TODAY
Frosh Swimi^ers Nosed Out By Varsity, 38-46 The annual freshman-varsity swimming meet ended in a blaze of varsity glory Iasi night in the Pieldhouse pool, as Coach Papenguth’s veterans were forced to exert themselves to great lengths in order to wipe out an early Rhinie lead and finish strong with a 46 to 38 victory. The two relays proved to be the
undoing of the freshmen as both events went to the varsity along with the extra value in points. The closeness of the contest may be judged by the fact that the varsity took firsts in five events while the frosh were taking blue ribbons in four. The veterans opened the program by sailing in with a win in the medley relay and then stood helplessly by as the irate freshmen took the next three events in succession. The varsity victory drive was then
subtracted from your original graduation requirement. —I-I— When I was a kid in grade school, I used to wonder why “Doc” Elliott always walked from his home in Lafayette across the river to his offices, or vice versa. He always had such a nice big car that we kids wondered if he wasn’t a little inappreciative when he allowed it to “rot away” in his big garage. But if you will look at Dr. Elliott’s physique, you’ll see no surplus weight as many men of his age carry with them. _I.I__ Telling secrets: One evening ten years ago, when we were in the habit of watching Purdue’s football squad practice every evening after school, I met Dr. Elliott returning home via the exercise route of walking. I walked (or rather half-ran) all the way “across the levee” with the president that evening and he related why he didn’t use his “big” car. He told me that he was playing a game with his watch. He would set a certain time for his arrival home, and if he missed it by morethan one-half a minute, he lost, and “time” was the victor He was staying in shape, too. _I.I— Who says competition ends at 40. I don’t know if Di. Elliott appreciates my memoiy, but there it is.
DANCE RECITAL TUES., MARCH 18Hi PUBLIC INVITED ADM. FREE New Children's Classes Open Sat., March 22 CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE—ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ALLEN’ScTH & FERRY
Starts TOMORROW THE AGELESS WAR OF WOMEH FOR THE MEN THEY LOVE...
EMILIE... Bcworcl H«r tovcIlMu c(in fvm into
,Th0
HESTER...I ^ wlio's tkotlciiiQly ^ c
horppot...
mmit^
BERGMAtBAXTEII Sffmnnmx vomsom\
with
Susan Hayward • Fay Wray Ridiaiti Banning • Rob't Shaw
Baiadupon LEGACY", the belt- > ••llino novil by Charles Bonner
LAST DAY
ttankt Thomas MITCHELL GeraliHaeFITZGEIULB bnn STEPHENSON Jiffriy LVNN Moil MARIS
AN EASTER GIFT Your Portrait by OLAN MILLS STUDIO Call Today for an Appointment DIAL 3413 dial 3413
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
-^AND-
Irs FIRST RUN
ALSO
'Winners of the West" Serial --ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAY STARDUST FIVE LITTLE PEPPERS IN TROUBLE COLOR CARTOON
Top Greek Keglers Gold And Black Battle'Doc'Miller's Track Men See Five In Union Today Action At BU
started by Herr’s victory in the 100 yard free style, lagged for a few moments while Johnny Dilley helped the Rhinie cause with a victory in the 160-yard back-stroke, and finally reached a climax with a wide margin triumph in the 400-yard relay. Outstanding on the freshman squad was the swimming of Johnny Dilley, national YMCA champ, m the backstroke, Dilley returned from Huntington yesterday afternoon, after spending several weeks at home recovering from an attack of the measles. Another fine display of freshman talent 'was unveiled in the diving where Bauer and Yuengst copped first and second places, j.d.f. The summary SOd-yard medley relay—1st, varsity, freshmen Time 8:12 7. 220-yard free style—1st, Hansel, freshmen , 2nd, Slier, varsity, 8rd, Branner, varsity 50-yard free style—1st, Staney, freshmen , 2nd, Herr, varsity, 3rd, McCarthy, varsity. Time 25 3. Diving — 1st, Bauer, freshmen, 2nd, Yuengst, freshman , 3rd, Farkas, varsity. lOO-yard free style—1st, Herr, varsity, 2nd, Krptyer, varsity: 3rd, LaBaw, freshmen. Time 56.4 150-yard hackstroke—1st, Dilley, freshmen , 2nd, Anderson, varsity, 3rd, Ancker, varsity. Time 1:42.8. 200-yard breaststroke—1st, Tingley, varsity ; 2nd, Carroll, freshmen, 3rd, McCay varsity Time 2:47. 440-yard free style—1st, Carney, varsity i 2nd, Ifansel, freshmen , 3rd, Horn, varsity Time 6 ,08 440-yard relay—1st, varsity , 2nd, freshmen Time 3 48 Articles By Kemler Appear In Journals Piofessor E, N. Kemler of the school of mechanical engineering has recently had two articles published m national trade journals, one on “Sucker Rods” appearing in International Oil, Volume II* and the other entitled “Flow of Liquid in Pipes” included in the March issue of Industrial Power. The first article discusses the engineering problems involved in selection of sucker rod materials and in the design of sucker rod strings for oil wells General problems concerning the flow of liquid m pipes, using Reynolds’ number as a basis for selection of the friction factor, are outlined m the second article, f i.j
The five top keglers of the recently completed fraternity bowling tournament will lock voices and bowling balls Vfith “Doc” Miller’s much-publicized quintet this afternoon at 1:30 o’clock on the Union alleys. The match-will be part of the festivities Sponsored by the Student Union for the “Mid-Term Polks Day” week-end. Emil Navta and Jack Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi; Jack Kendrick, Delta Tau Delta; Joe Starek,, Delta Upsilon; and Johnny Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma, are the five fraternity men who will attempt to administer a verbal and physical beating to the “Executive Building Butchers.” Tennis Hopefuls Look To Hard Nel Schedule With a nucleus of three returning lettermen, Coach Larry LaBree is attempting to groom his tennis squad for the first match, which is scheduled'for the middle of April, Hampered by the three-deep situation in the Pieldhous4—^baseball, track and football; the tennis squad has been unableto practice regularly during the past few weeks. Two seniors are members of this spring’s team, Captain Anderson and Fred Richards. The other veteran IS Ray Lucht, a junior who was active in most of last year’s matches. To boost the chances of this newest court edition, LaBree has three capable sophomores who are fighting for berths. Gus Armstrong, Dick Stettner and Bill Van Camp are the second-year men from which the coach will choose his staiters. r.o.s
e
Indianapolis Team Meets Svfordsmen iiWhen the Silver Mask fencing club meets the Indianapolis Fencing Club this afternoon at 1:30 o’clock on the second flooi of the Fieldhouse, the only home sporting event of the week-end will take place. The Indianapolis team invades the campus with a fine competitive record behind it, having the only fencing squad which could even scratch Notre Dame in the state meet last yeai. Wearers of the Gold and Black this afternoon will be as follows: foil—Tower, Burl, Wegner, and Okes (alternate); saber—McConahay, Reade, epee—Sol off, Burl. The last Sunday of spring vacation, March 30, will mark the occasion of the state fencing meet held at Indianapolis. This is the first time a Riveter team has entered the meet.
Silver Mask . fencing honorary, announces the following members of the spring pledge class: W. J. Ross, South Bend; F. W. Rice, Indianapolis; R. F. Jackson, Indianapolis; Y. H. Tong, West Lafayette; M. C. Plummei, Memphis, Tenn.; W. F. McCaughey, Park Ridge, 111.; C. M. Hoskins, Libertyville, 111.; W. Choate, Poitland, Me.; F. K. Levin, Indianapolis; R. H. Brewster, Rockville Center, N. Y.; J. W. Koerner, Lafayette; A. M. Kaufman, Cleveland, Ohio; R. A. Johns, Peru.
LUMA SUN.-MON. —2 HITS!
NucmHir
kllliRY MARTIN - ROCHESTER SLWIICI
ALSO
— LAST TIMES TODAY — CHESTER MORRIS in 'MEET BOSTON BLACKIE' also DON BARRY in "WYOMING WILDCAT"
Twenty Riveters Join In Rivalry Of Annual Relays At the Hoosier eapital city and waiting the call for their events in Butler Relays are 20 Boilermaker athletes. Departing in two groups, the Gold and Black cindermen arrived in plenty of time to accustpm themselves to the peculiarities of the Butler Fieldhouse, since competition does not begrin until this afternoon. Large Field Real Rivalfy should be felt by ^11 entrants in the tourney for approximately two dozen colleges and universities are entering their best performers. While all indications seem to point to another victory for the Indiana trackmen the final outcome of the meet remains rather uncertain. Earlier in the season a strong Notre Dame track contingent all but tripped the present Big Ten championship Hoosier team in a dual meet while the Riveter squad just missed accomplishing the same feat two weeks ago today. Continuing during the past week the grooming process which brought Gold and Black cinder performers to a peak for the conference meet last Saturday, the Riveter forces should be in good form today. Medley Relay, Captain Holderman is to run the mile while teammate A1 Jentsch is scheduled for the three-quarter mile event in the medley relay. Burt Anthony who took a third place in the conference meet in the quartermile run will see action in this event again tomorrow as a part of the same relay team. In all probability the same foursome that took fourth in the mile relay last Saturnday will again run tomorrow; the four lads are Anthony, Gaulke, Wente and Banacker. Big Jake Weber will represent the Riveter team in the shot put event while Dave Rankin will run in the low hurdle race The men making the trip to Butler are as follows: Weber, Rankin, Cripe, Stroyeck, Conant, Gaulke, Baniker, Carter, Kron, Keim, Teneyck, Anthony, Wente, Holderman, Jentsch, Kemp, McLaughlin, Stanley, McEachern and Jarvis, d w.m.
WAA News By Virginia Barson
”r
At the WAA mass meeting Thm s- ^ I day afternoon, Mary Pidgeon was nominated from the floor as a candidate for the presidency. With a ^ quorum fo members present, primary elections will be presented to be finally voted on Wednesday: for president, Eleanor Harrison and ^ Mary Pidgeon; vice-president, Gail Hennis and Barbara Ford; for treasurer, Jane Blank aDd Opal Bla- | grave; and for secretary, Ruth Walker and Monica Burgler. Elections will be held in the Union from 8:30 a. m. to 6:30 p. m. Wed- ^ nesday. Those members who have twenty-five accumulated points can vote any time during the day by ^ presenting their passports to the co-ed in charge. Results of t^e election will be announced in Thursday’s Exponent. j
—^waa—
Thursday evening at 6:30 o’clock the WAA Winter Formal Banquet will be held in the Home Economics Cafeteria. At thsi time tKe WAA officers will be installed, the Sportswomen will be pledged, and numer- *' als and trophies will be presented
—^waa—
High-lighting the occasion will be ^ Dorothy Bennett, guest speaker of the evening. Miss Bennett, staff member of the Museum of Natural History in New York, will tell of the experiences she has had since she left the University of Minnesota several years ago. Everyone is invited to come to the banquet. Tickets aie on sale now at the houses, halls, and book stores for 60 cents. Those who cannot attend the banquet may come at 7:30 o’clock to hear Dorothy Bennett speak. Townspeople are wel- i come '' JL ii iv
Xi J , I c','. -\i
^ ^ Kfi ^■''^ i \ '< ^ 1 y ' ^ f
'' * 4 f» \ 4 t|g,
^«98«. 4-
Saturday# March 15# 1941
fiu/uiwL £xfUMUMJt
at fiwuiwL ... . . . each year spring brings to our campus many events. Since Spring marks the beginning of the new things, a beginning of a new annual event at Purdue . . . Midterm Parents’ Days, makes its way into our campus life. May we be among the first to welcome this event to Purdue as well as what comes with it.
The Purdue Memorial Union Extends a Hearty WELCOME to the Parents on This MID-TERM FOLKS’ DAY ^ ^ ^ Here for your Pleasure and Comfort are: JfuL lAniofL ^lub... For those of you who plan to stay a day or two, make it a point to stay at the Union Club . . . immaculately clean, attractively furnished, comfortable beds, and excellent service ... all contribute to your comfort. JhsL 4 £ajtm^ PlaceA— . The CHESTNUT ROOM; Quiet and friendly surroundings. The CAFETERIA: Two fast moving lines pass you by the best selection of foods possible. The COFFEE SHOP: Light plates, sandwiches, breakfasts and quick service go^with them. - , The GRILL LOUNGE: Sandwiches and soft drinks for you. Chut £oi. yojuA, £xJtha, Jam... The BROWSING ROOM: For reading time promises comfort and relaxation. The BOWLING ALLEYS: for those of you who like a bit more strenuous form of recreation. The CARD and BILLIARD ROOMS: Are always favorite spots for many. The UNION LOUNGES: For that little chat with old friends, sons or daughters.
P *Kl,:
Xi'-’m ‘ ..'
s?
fiuJidua, £xpi>ttimL
Saturday. March 15. 1941
WeCan Tell You Now Now that the Congress has ended its fiftythree day bit of intellectual discussion, the middle-aging, fat females of the shrew division of the America First Committee have quit shrieking on senatorial doorsteps, the American Students Union has uttered its customary denunciations, the business of this Lend-Lease Bill may get started, " Our foreign policy, perhaps every country’s foreign policy, depends on what Franklin Roo^velt feels must be done to fulfill the announced policy of the Administration' To see that England doesn’t lose. Congress has done what it considers an excellent job of appeasing all U. S. factions. It may look pretty sour six months from now, however; Everybody wants to keep out of war; that is, the shooting part; so Congress made everybody happy by amending the Lend-Lease Bill to prohibit our navy convoying supplies. At the same time Congress was gleefully ridding itself of a responsibility that it knew eventually someone must accept. Quite aside from the question of whether our announced pohcy is right or wrong, it is certain that if we are going to stick to that policy, convoys are going to have to be used. Our esthetic reverie is a lie. The threat of war under the Lend-Lease bill will be ever present. That “short-of-war” cliche is stupid, and it would be an excellent accomplishment if every one would figure it out for himself. But lie or not there is no point in arguing that the idea of dangerless, clandestine warfare does not prevail in the American mind. For some ungodly reason, we feel that we are completely protected now that the “no convoy" amendment has been placed in the LendLease Bill by Congress. So when the day comes when it is necessary to send convoys to fulfill our policy, a great many million people are
going to scream that they have been betrayed. ' But congressmen and government oflicials knew that the “no convoy” provision was futile; they knew that it was probably uncoiistitutionai. On the pot bellies of congress rests the responsibility for being too cowardly to inform the people. By enacting the “ho conyoy” provision Congress has certainly usurped one of the exclusive and plenary rights reserved to the President by the Constitution. In 1939, Justice Sutherland, no lover of F. D. R„ in a Supreme Court decision described the power of the President over foreign affairs (and by analogy the army and navy) as “a very . . . plenary and exclusive pbwer of the President , . . a power which does not require as a basis for its exercise an act of Congress.” It is clear from numerous other Supreme Court decisions that the President is supreme commander over all the country’s military forces and has the sole authority to direct and employ these powers in time of peace or war, in or out of the United States, Lincoln, Wilson, and Theodore Roosevelt have all taken delight in ignoring Congress when it encroached on these powers. Lincoln threw a Congressional protest over one of his acts in the field of foreign relations back into its pompous face when he said, “This is a practical and purely executive question, and the decision of it, . . belongs not . . . to Congress', but to the President
of "the United States.”
There is even plenty of executive precedent for the use of our battle fleet against the wishes of Congress. Thomas Jefferson, Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt did it, ^ Therefore when the day arrives that the President must use the navy (as he shall) to fulfill the intent of the Lend-Lease Bill, there are going to be many angry people, but the responsibility rests not with the President but with Congress for enacting a provision it knew was unconstitutional and for failing to properly inform the people of the nation. Yes, there will be a terrific cry raised and marvelous disunity, and certainly such people as Colonel McCormick aren’t going to startle anyone by
telling the truth, j.l.t.
Colnnui
The Britisk have been coming over Adolf’s munitions factories with a load of bombs every night recently. And when they go home they,don’t have the bombs. So, Adolf has cooked up a scheme. To build his munitions factories in the Ural Mountains. In Russia. With Joe furnishing the factories and the,raw materials. And Adolf furnishing the gien. If we were;, ' Adolf though, A^e would provide some means of Identi^^ fying our workers. So that Joe ... Wouldn’t accidentally mistake them for a batch of his generals. We see that Knpdsen has released the cost of defense contracts awarded to date. And according to him they total twelve billion dollars. Which is very nice except that ... . Contracts don’t kill anybody. Except the workmen in the factory when it blows up. Out in Hollywood, Anne Sheridan has finally gotten tired of playing hard to get. And according to her studio she’s going to start a picture right away. Which is very nice. Because ... We like to look at her. Mr. Warner, of the American Legion, is urging that we use the U. S. Navy. To convoy shells and stuff to Britain. He may be right, but personally we don’t quite agree with him. Because in the first place Adolf probably won’t like it. And secondly. It seems like a rather certain method *of getting rid of all those ships .
The Purdue Exponent
News Slditor....
■ tlDllvflT'IOII wcaiF
.J. H. McKee
K, Helplt
Managing Editor'..;.—.. ..... ....... u, ^ neipu Associate Editors; N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W.
' .Ruffner, R. M, Skallerup,''J.:;.l,. Traiigott.
Business Staff ■
Local Advertising Managers: O. S. Powers, Q:. C. Landers; Promotion: Manager, C.';.:E.. .DanglemaJer; 'Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadtord: Cir'culatlolii IVtonager, B. M.
Recktenwald.
Co-ed Staff .
Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.,
Sports Staff Editor..... ; ; .J. p. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O, Swaim. #
Rhone: Editorial 4005;. Business 5038; Shorts 2792 Represented for national advertising by-National Advertising Service. Ino., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Pnrcell Assistant: Hadley Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: O. L. Allanson, D. T. Brophy, R. Kolb, J. Armstrong, M. L. Losey, W. E. Rafert, J. Fickle, P. E; Burkhardt, V. Barson, B. G. Smith, D. W. Meier, J. UT Fraser and W. A. Fleming.
That we are going to loan to Britain. s!* ♦ * Down in Greece things are moving along with a bang. And Adolf says. And Benny too. That the Greeks are licked to a frazzle. So now all they have to do now . . . ^ Is tell the Greeks, ola
Deadline For Poller Theta Epsilon
Essay ConlesI Today
Agriculturist Applicants To Fill Blanks Wednesday It was announced last night by the board of managers of the Purdue Agriculturist that all agricultural students interested in working oh the Agriculturist staff next year must obtain application blanks at the publication’s office after 4 o’clock next Wednesday afternoon. All applications are to be submitted at a special meeting of all applicants Wednesday evening.
Grain Graders Neel On Campus March 17 A grain grading school will be held at the University March 17 and 18 to enable elevator operators, grain dealers, AAA loan supervisors, , and others to become better skilled in detecting grain damage, to understand grading standards, and to be informed about “sick wheat.”
Newman Club ... will sponsor a dance this evening in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, starting at 9:30 o’clock.
Subjects for the ASME essay conte.st on “The Engineer in Public Service” in competition for the A. A. Potter award of $50 are due at noon today in Professor W. J. Cope’s office in the Mechanical Engineering
Building.
Essays of less than three thousand words on any civic project' made successfifi through application of sound engineering principles' are to be submitted by May 1.
. . . Baptist college sorority sponsored a' chili supper March 14 at 5:30 p. m. in Cynthia'^Jones
Hall. .
Student Co-ops ... will dance this evening in rooms 355 and 363 of the Union. Entertainment will begin at 9:30 o’clock.
TELEPHONE 4277 Lafayette Tent & Awning Co. Henry J. Ebershdff, Jr. MANUFACTURERS OF TENTS, AWNINGS, PORCH CURTAINS IF IT’S MADE OF CANVAS WE MAKE IT 114 Main St. Lafayette, Indiana
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
e Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK •1th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• jewelers
Complete Student Supplies ^ SOUTHWORTH'S
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
PAINT UP FOR SPRING Flat Wall Paint ^ .......79c qt. $2.49 gal. Gloss Wall Paint .89c $2.98 gal. Screen Enamel 59c qt. Ace Enamel .$l.l9 qt. Ace Calsomine 5 lbs. 35c Ace Paint Cleaner 5 lbs. 59c Casein Paint .$ 1.69 gal. Sponges and Chamois All Si2es and Prices
John 822-24 Main St.
Co. I Phone 2777
FOR GENERAL SPORTS AND SPECTATOR WEAR BUILT FOR WEAR, STYLE, COMFORT AND WARMTH GREEN, TAN, BROWN AND GREY ALSO-—Spun Rayon, Silk and Broadcloth Sport Shirts,
I:::;,
224 Main St.
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
224 Main St.
You can’t fool a little feathered friend about spring migrations I The smart bird knows that Greyhound is the easiest way to flit home to the family nest and back to collegct again when vacation time’s over. The saving is plenty big—in both time and money — and the trip’s more fun in a Super-C!!oach full of friends. There’s an extra saving, as usual, on roui^-trip tickets. So be kind to your pocketbook—and to yourself—go Greyhound.
Sample
' » ■
Hound-Trip Paraa
Indianapolis..
.$ 2.10
Chicago, ill. .......
3.80
New York, NY*...
.22.80:
Hammond, 1 hd....
. 3.80
Cincinnatti, 0....
5.2$
Bloomington, Ind.
4.15
Evansvilje, Ind. .
7.45
Vineenns, Ind. ...
■ 5.65
Columbus, 0. ....
6.85
Cleveland, 0. .....
- 9.75,
St. Louis, Mo. ...
8.50:
Louisville, Ky. ...
5.60
Springfield, 0. ...
- 5.80
Richmond, Ind....
. 4.45
GREYHOUND LINES UNION 5th and Ferry Sts. GREYHO
JLmMM
BUS STATIPN : Phone: 2l|$
UNO
M-';!
'■S'-' "'it
Hi
y.
r
l:
%pjuAdbUL £xfmuint
Saturday* Match 15* 1941
Pma, S^^anakid.
TAP Triad Features 'Air Correspondent' ‘f Snggesb Brilisli Air
Ministry Be Chanjed
From the bandstand of the south ballroom tonight Bob Barnes and his band 'will send forth their music for the annual Alpha Gamma Rho, Bi K^pp0 Phi and Triangle triad
danoe.
TChe triad, which is scheduled for the hours of 9 to 12 o’clock, will b^ precoded tiy formal dinners at each of tho fraternity houses. Bob Barnes, hailing from Indiana university, is well known to University dance crowds. Several times this year he has played successful engagements here, including the “Battle of the Bands” after the Purdue-Indiana football game and the Newman Club’s Barnyard Frol-
ic.
Barnes is currently being featured daily at tea dances in the Indiana imiversity Student Union. Petite Annabelle Alexander •will be ti»e fetttred song-mistress with the band, p.e.b.
PAT AND... MIKE Had Nothing On Us.. . Because Monday Morn We'll Have — ‘THE MORNING SHAMEROCK’
By Helen Kirkpatrick
w
SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily Foreign News Service Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, March 14—^The reform of Britain’s Ministry for Aircraft Production, as advocated by prominent personalities in the aviation industry, is supported by the London Daily Telegraph whose air correspondent considers the time ripe for consolidation and implies that Lord Beaverbrook, head of that ministry, could be spared for other tasks. Lord Beaverbrook’s department is already understood to be in the process of reorganization, but changes foreseen will probably be mainly a subdmsion of jobs at the top to facilitate greater efficiency. Praising Lord Beaverbrook for “stimulating production and cutting red tape,” the air correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, in his article printed yesterday, declared: “The main question now being raised is whether the ministry is performing its duties with the utmost efficiency or whether further changes are needed. Lord Beaverbrook is recognized as ha-ving performed services for which he receives the gratitude of the entire nation. He infused new life into the essential processes of aircraft production. “The only question now being debated is whether aircraft production should now be subject -to slower processes in order that the fullest use be made of our technical possibilities.” Since Lord Beaverbrook was selected to head the Ministry for Aircraft Production last May, several resignations have occurred from among his colleagues. Parliament earlier this week undertook debate on the question of reorganization.
Popular college gjrl^ keep well groomed with a Playtex Make-up Cape Proms... between-class detfss... t«a dances... important for college girls to look well IpfOomed/ That’s why a Playtex Make-up Cape is the first accessory in every college girl’s trunk.^ She whisks it on whenever she combs her hair or powders her nose to make sure no stray locks or powder smears mar her charming new clothes. It’s made of that amazing material, smooth liquid latex, with a useful little swing pocket for puff, tissue, lipstick, or hairpins. In shell pink, heavenly blue, gardenia white, and daffodil yellow. Saves cleaning bills. Delightfully gift packaged for going-away presents, .jj .00 Mail and 'phone orders Ailed
rennE GooKa-smcrsins
soa-io f-miE mmm WBAf LAfAMffl'K MBf
Letters To The Editor An Explanation.. Dear Sir: Some few days ago a letter was published in the Exponent that was, to put it mildly, rather sarcastic in relation to WBAA. In substance it stated that the writer had called the station and asked for our school song, “Hail Purdue” to be played during the intermission of a ball game, and had been informed that that i-ecord was not among the WBAA stock. Then things varied from the theme slightly, and a club was put forward, to be called the “Buy a Record for WBAA” club. Now, we at WBAA don’t mind the club in the least; as a matter of fact, nothing would please us more than to have a club buy our records for us without cost to the University. What has us “riled” is the fact that a mis-statement of the case was presented to the student body thmi the letter. I personally was on duty at the time the call came in, and “Hail Purdue” was not the record asked for. Instead, the writer asked for a portion of the “Big Ten Medley” that was marked “No Good” for technical reasons. We have, in stock, ten records of “Hail Purdue,” recorded by the Purdue Band, and specially pressed for the station by RCA at more than eight times the usual record price. We invite all students to listen to the eleven o’clock sign-on any time that the first program is not a class lecture. At this writing, I am informed that another pressing of the record in question has been obtained. If this is through the efforts of the “Buy a Record for WBAA” club, then we solemnly eat our words without niustard, and humbly salute the great amount of school loyalty and patriotism that must be present. —Yeh!!^ Sincerely, C. B. Lester, operator, WBAA.
South of State By Dale Butz Dr. A. J. UlstrUp, of the botany department, will speak before ,the regular agronomy seminar to be held Monday afternoon, March 17, in room 208 of Agricultural Hall. Ulstrup will speak on “The Inheritance of Susceptibility to Infection of Certain Important Diseases in Corn.”
D. C. Pfendler, assistant to the dean, spoke before the regular meeting of the Shadeland Grange Wednesday evening on the Importance of Continuing Education in the Coming Years. Dr. E. L. Butz, of the farm management department, talked to the same meeting on Real Estate Prices.
Prof. J. C. Bottum, in charge of extension work in farm management, attended a meeting of farmers held Wednesday night at Winchester in Randolph county for the purpose of forming a system of farm record keeping in that county. Randolph county is the 84th county in the state to establish such a system and approximately 900 farnlers are now keeping farm records in the state.
The forty-six seniors majoring in agricultural education will leave this week-end for high schools throughout the state where they will spend the next two weeks doing practice teaching. They will teach and participate in the regular teaching duties of a vocational agriculture instructor.
mmmm¥rom All Fronts.-— Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Serviie. Copyright. 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • English Shipyard Hit Hard Nazi fliers struck at Glasgow and its shipyards for the first time in the war. Liverpool was raided for the second consecutive night, and London was bombed with a fury described as unequaled since the early days of the winter. * * * • British Advance In Ethiopia The imperial column from Kenya yesterday had swept up within striking distance of the important road from Addis Ababa to the sea. Robert J. Casey radios that “ the big news out this way is that Mussolini’s dream of empire is rapidly being washed up.” Jje * • Yugoslavs—Nazis Agree The deadlock between Germany and Yugoslavia as to the extent of Yugoslav co-operation with the Axis has been broken, diplomatic sources in Belgrade report. The report was not officially confirmed and a German plane in readiness to take en-
voys to Berlin was kept watting. ♦ * ♦ • Nazis, RAF Trade Bfdws Great Britain and Germany traded heavy air blows Thursday night, the British delivering their greatest assault to Hamburg. Berlin admitted 60 dead in this raid. Other targets included Rotterdam.
• 'Need Naval Help'—Britaiii Quick help from the United States is needed to bolster the British merchant marine, it was said in an official London statement announcing the dispatching of Sir Arthur Salter to America to work details of assistance to shipping. * ♦ ♦ I • Britfsh Revamp Finances Canada and Newfoundland probably will be asked by Britain to take payment in part for war materials m the form of British “direct investments" in the United States, cables William H. Stoneman. Thus forced selling to pay debts would be avoided.
• Rumor RAF Reorganization A campaign to remove Lord Beaverbrook has begun in Kritain. Helen Kirkpatrick Cables that probably the only changes in an approaching reorganization will be a subdivision of jobs to promote efficiency.
Dr. T. K. Cowden, of the farm management department, spoke at a farm meeting, held Monday night at Wingate, on the subject of Marketing.
Urcel Walley, of the Walley Agricultural Service, will speak before a meeting of the Farm Management club to be held Wednesday, March 19, in room 342 of the Union. The subject of the talk is “Professional Farm Management.” Everybody, especially farm management and general agricultural students, are urged to attend.
ARMOUR FERTILIZER 100 lbs. $3.25 50 lbs. $1.75 BEST QUALITY LAWN SEED 35c ib. LAWN ROLLERS TO RENT Moore and Kemple Hardware Co. 330 Main Sh Phone 2577
BIG NEW 1941 SUPERHETERODYNE
ALL OF THE LATEST 1941 FEATURES! df Built-in Wavemagnet dr Streamlined Brown Plastic Cabinet 12% inches wide dr Big, Black Airplane Dial 1,10 volt AC-DC Operation dr 5 tubes, including heater ^thodo rectifier tube HSAR THIS m£AL RADIO FOR THE KITCHEN OR GAME ROOM SEE m
MODEL 5D6I0
PFROMMER BROS. 705-707 Main Stireet REIFERS FURNITURE CO. 9th and Main Streets
DON’T LET THIS HAPPEN TO YOU!
Come in and let us check your bus before you go ho^ae for Spring Vacation. Our experts will tune it up so that it will get you there and bring you back. Try our 24 hour service today! Nit Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St After You, We Come FirstP 4
fiaga, 6- TlatuaA,
Saturday, March 15, 1941
fiukduM, ^xpotuad.
Personne/ Notes
COMPANIES NOT VISITING CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MEN THROUGH THE PERSONNEL OFFICE.—
Co.,
Please consiilt bulletin boards in the schools for further information.
COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS WEEK OF MARCH 17.— United States Rubber Co., Detroit, Michigan, March 17, 1941. Sr. ME and Sr. and Graduates in Chem, & Physics. National Carbon Co., Cleveland, Ohio. March 18. ChE and ME. Prest-O-Lite Co., Indianapolis, Indiana. March 18. ME. Associated Factm-y Mutual Fire Insurance Companies, Chicago, 111. March 19. EE. National Supply Co., Toledo, Ohio. March 19. ME. Wabash Railroad, Decatur, Illinois. March 19. ME and EEl. Ashland Oil and Refining fo., Ashland, Ky. March 20. ChE, EE, and ME. Edgar T. Ward’s Sons Co., Pittsburgh, Penn. March 20. Engineers. Inland Manufacturing Division of G. M., Dayton, Ohio. Maixih 20. ChE and ME. Duquesne Light Co., Pittsburgh, Penn. Marsh 21. EE and ME. Westinghouse Air Brake Co., Wilinerding, Penn, March 21. ME.
Boy Scouts of America. Engineers, Science, PE, Ag, and P. Chicago Pneumatic Tool Co., Franklin, Penn. ME. Kingan & Co., Indianapolis, Ind. ME. Stone and Webster Service Corp., New York City. ChE, EE, and ME. York Ice Machinery Co., York, Penn. ME. A C SPARK PLUG DIV. OF G. M., Flint, Mich. EE and ME. j DEVOE & REYNOLDS CO., Louisville, Ky. Srs. and Graduates in Chem. and ChE. RANGER AIRCRAFT ENGINES, Farmingdale, L. I., N. Y. ME. SOCONY-VACUUM OIL, Brooklyn, N. Y. Junior ME and ChE. V. E. SPROUSE COMPANY, Columbus, Indiana. ME. WESTERN ELECTRIC CO., Kearney, N. J. ME. Calco Chemical Division, Bound Brook, N. J. ChE and ME. C. G. Conn Ltd., Elkhart. ME seniors or graduates. Defender Photo Supply Co., Rochester, N. Y. Grad. Chemists, Sr. ME. Kline Brothers Co. All seniors.
Rockfbrd Life Insurance Rockford, 111. All seniors. Tennessee Valley Authority, Knoxville, Tenn. All seniors. Ebasco Services Inc., New York,
N. Y. EE.
WRH Dinner Tomorrow
To Honor Candidates
Automotive Gear Works, Richmond, Indiana. ME.
For AWS, YWa WAA
Standard Railway Equipment Manufacturing Co., Hammond, Indiana. ME. (Industrial or Railway Option). The Travelers, New Haven, Conn. All Seniors. The H. K. Ferguson Co., Inc., Cleveland, Ohio. ME. The Panama Canal ,Wsinrga The Panama Canal, Washington, D. C. MEandCE. McDonnel Aircraft Corp., Robertson, Missouri. ME. Ingalls Shipbuilding Corp., Pascagoula, Miss. CE, EE, and ME. Please consult your school bulletin board for further information. Companies Coming to campus— Date to be announced. AMERICAN VISCOSE CORP., Wilmington, Del. Date—Indefinite. ChE, EE, ME and Chem. CARNATION COMPANY, Oconomowoc. Wise. Date — Indefinite. ChE, ME, & Agri. (dairy). B. F. GOODRICH CO., Akron, Ohio. Date—Indefinite. Sr. in Eng. or Science (economics).
You're Socially Secure
When Your Clothes have been Cleaned and fiefinished by Crown. If you want to “click” be sure and have your clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly.
Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE C LOTH E t
FRATERNtTIES and SORORITIES
Get those pledges on the ball. Make our town, campus and residences so clean even I. U. will admit it.
Support This CLEAN-UP WEEK All of Your Clean-up Supplies at
EDGERTON HARDWARE
Phone 4354
In Hie Village
For Your Convenience
Attention!
House Managers
RIIFIRS
Specialize in Battleship Linoleiim
Armstrong’s Tile
Broadloom Carpet
Rugs
Draperies
Venetian Blinds
Everything Perfectly InstdMed
Call 4091 for Free Estimate
iiiFiiir
Lafayette?8 Leergeat Furniture Store
WEEK-END HIGHLIGHTS
MID-TERM FOLKS’ DAY
TAP DANCE
FRATERNITY BANQUET — UNION SHOW
\ Ride in Style and Be on Time—Call
3071
or
5023
YELLOW CAB CO
Candidates and retiring officers of YWCA, AWS and WAA have been invited to attend a dinner given in their honor by the Women’s Residence Halls at 12:30 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. After dinner, a “coffee hour” will be held in the North Hall Recreation Room, when^ Jeanne Chandler, governor of WRH Club, will introduce the presidents of the three organizations, who will in turn introduce the present officers and candidates. The booster committees of the Halls, headed by their chairmen, Virginia Fitch, Lucille Chaminade and Anne Wickard, are in charge of the arrangements. The hospitality committees of North, South and Wood Halls and the respective social chairmen, Margaret Meltzer, Jacquelynne Carr and Jeanne Weil have assisted with the program planning. This combination of dinner and “coffee hour” is an opportunity for all WRH Club women to acquaint themselves with the candidates for offices in the women’s organizations of the campus. The faculty sponsors of the different organizations have also been invited. These include. Dean Dorothy Stratton, AWS; Miss Ray Fraser, WAA, and Miss Clare Coolidge, YWCA, m.1.1.
Hjl JhSL QhwudhstA.
xCbiurch of Christ Corner bf 4th and Ferry streets in the Wallace Building 10:46 a. m.—Sunday Services. Subject: “The Priesthood of Christ” Minister: Paul Himes Everyone is cordially invited to attend.
University Presbyterian (jhurch North street at Grant street Sunday, March 16 Rev. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m.—The group will continue its discussion of “Christianity and Democracy” led by Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m.—Rev. Findley will preach on “The Great Renunciation.” • Friends Discussion and Meeting. 4 p. m.—Mary Agnes Kelsey will lead the discussion, “A Quaker Coed at Purdue.” 4:30 p. m.—Silent meeting. 6:00 p. m.—^The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper in the church basement. Following the supper, Professor T. K. Noss will speak to the group. All students are cordially invited to join in the fellowship.
Methodist Students (Day of Annual Election) 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed Class taught by Mrs. Margaret Webb Men’s Studerit Class taught by Prof. Hadley. 10:40 a. m.—Dr. Steel will preach. 6 p. in.—Fellowship Hour, radio play in charge of Paul Eckler 6:30 p. m.—Prof. E. L. Kelley will speak on “Mental Hygiene” 7:15 p. m.—Candlelight worship service led by Jean Vansickle. 7:45 p m.—Cocoa party at the Foundation—election returns.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program \ at Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North Streets 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Prof. A. A. Smith of the Sociology Dept, will teach. “The Fine Art of Getting Along with People” will be the subject of this particularly popular speaker. 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject: “Power for Happy Living.” 4:00—Speaking Choir Practice at 126 S. Chauncey. 5:16 p. m.—10 cent Supper at 126 S. Chauncey. 6:00 p. m.—Forum. The program includes recreation, singing, discussion and worship. Henry Mangus is beginning a new series of discussions. His topic is, “What Is God Like?” Jim Billingsley will lead in worship. 8:30 p. m.—^Prompt Adjournment,
Classified Ads
Lost: Elgin wrist watch In or near Chemistry Building. Please call 75898. Reward. P. A. Wiseman, '
Notices
Independent Staff: Meeting Wednesday. March 19, at 7:89 p. m. It is important that all members attend, afT the “tnm edition” will be discussed. —SBUtOWITZ.
Christian Science OrgsniiaUon: Regular meeting Tuesday, March 18, at 7 p. m. Will be held in room 306 of the Union because of the convocation. We will deet officers April 1. —BURROUGHS.
Triton Club: The club will meet on Monday, March^ 17, at 7:39 p. m. In the pool in place of the regular Tuesday, March 18, meeting. Any swimmer who wishes to qualify for membership may present themselves at this meeting and take the qualification test. All members ar6 asked to he present. —RUSSELL
Concert Choir: Compulsory r^Karsal Monday, March 17, at 4 p. m. in Musie Hall. —STEWART
Scriveners r No meeting Saturday, March 16. —ALEXAHPER.
Phi Lambda Epsilon: Meeting Wednesday, March 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Business, distribution of keys and sheepskins are scheduled. Members must attend to establish active rating. —^ALEXANDER.
PIA Board Members: Meeting scheduled for Monday, March 17, at 4:30 p. m. Full attendance needed. —MU8SER
PIA Dance Class: Advanced class will meet Wednesday, March 19, at 7:80 p. m. Beginner's class will meet Thursday, March 20, at 7:30 p. m. —HUMPHREY
PIA Ward Candidates: The following persons who have taken out petitions for ward chairman please report to room 306 of the Union at 4 p. m. Monday, March 17: Russell Bain, Larry Myers, Miltqn Rebman, Maxine Abshier, J. L. Compton, William F. Gunkel, Dale W. Martin, N.^ A. Oelborne, Frank C. Robinson, Anna Jhnsen, Carl Smith, E. L. Johnson, Lewis Captain, Felix J. Losson, Luther Cree, William J. Boms.
Frank J. Suto.
Removal of Xkinditibns ip Geology:.. All students who wbb to remove O gradim of last semester will take make-up examination March 16, room 6, Chemical and Metallurgical building. Permits to take ttb examination must be obtained before March —SERVISB.
Removal of Conditions in EngUah and Speech: Examinations will be heldq* room 101 of the Education building' Skthrday, Mareh U, at 1 p. m. —OBEEK.
Surveying (CB 6): Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday aflwnoon, March 16. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMJfEL.
GE 16: Descriptive Geometry makd-up examination for removal of "C” and “I" grades will be held Saturday, Mareh 16, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 808, Ciidl Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made by March 14. —ELROD.
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA eab'pas'. " ""
inet positions for next yef^ Should send petitions to Mbs Bryant or Mbs Coolldga before March 19. —BRYANT.
ME 30 C’s and I's: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 30 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room ME 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 15. —COPE.
All Students: Who desire to cancel courses without a grade must 4° so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads Of departments and must be signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER.
All Co-eds: Those wanting tickets for the WAA banket March 20 may get them at the WAA office or at sorority houses. ' —WESTOVER.
CE 21 Examination: The examination for removal of C and I grades in CE 21 wiU be given from 1 to 4 p. m., ^turday, March 16, in room 310 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
ASME: Deadline for filing 1940-41 membership applications b Saturday noon, March 16. See Miss LaCave in the main office. —PEPPLBR
To Whom It Concerns: AH lost and found articles in Senate office must be claimed by Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right to claim them. —LAWRENCE
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Comer Columbia and Chauncey Sts. Joseph Baird Gleason Pastor of Students 9:30 a. m.—^Roger Williams Club Class. T. K. Noss, teacher. 10:36 a. m. — Church Worship. Sermon: “Your God, Your Christ, Your Church, And Your Pledge.” 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour. Supper at 6 p. m. 6:30 p. m.—^Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour. Simon Heemstra, a local business man, will speak on “The Business Man, Roligion, and the Church.”
Sophomore Chem. and Met. Students: Date on which sophomore comprehensive exams will be given wlU be decided by popular vote. Have your vote in at office of the head on or before Mareh 15. —BRAY.
Dbtingnisiied Students: $80 refunds are now available atthe cashier's office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Purdue Players: Crew head petitions for "Bachelor Born” are due at the Playshop office by Saturday, March 16, noon. —KECK.
Agriculturist: Apxilicatlon blanks for positions on next year's staff may be obtained from the Agriculturist office after 4 p. m. any evening up to Tuesday, March 18. 1941. —ADAMS.
College Widow Cast: Rehearsal at 2:00 p. m. Saturday, March 16, In the Green Room of Fowler Hall. —CARMICHAEL.
ME 31 C and I Make-up: Final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101 of the Mechanical building. —KBMLER.
P Men: Keys are in; obtain them from Ted Axton. —AXTON.
Virginal C. Meredith Club: Party Sunday, March 16, from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. —McCULLOCH.
TypewrlteM and adding mashlnss, mw and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AS makes of portable typewriters. $S0.7i to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. EbetahoS, 606 ' St. Phone, 2770.
Newman Club: Radio dance will be held ' in the faculty lounge of the Union after the Harem Scarem show. Admission b free to all members. A slight charge will be made for non-members. —BBNNA.
For Rent: Ruis-Rent-A-Oar Banriae. Can for all occasions. Min. $1.60 all night. PhoM 8407• For Rent: Single room for co-ed or business girl. Close to campus. Phone 2480.
All Seniors: Please ch^k spelling of your name for the tentative commencement program list in the office of your school. —ELLEY.
POMM: Meeting Tuesday, Mai oh 18, at 4:00 p. m. in the Armory. Pledges will be selected. —McCAMMON.
Lost: Elgin wrist watch left in Union wash room. Please call O. P. Smith, 2648. Reward.
Lost: Technical and Scientific Frenih book. T. T. Taylor, 841 Cary Hall East. Reward.
Lost; Black Wahl Eversharp pen with name engraved. Reward. Ed Boedeker, 4061.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will meet in Fowler Hall on Saturday, March 16, at 8:00 o’clock. Students who were aaslgned to EngineeringJIecturea last hemester (GE 1) will occupy the same seats they used last semester. Students who did not take Engineering Lectures last semester will find their seating assignment for Fowler .Hall posted on the bulletin board just inside the main entrance of Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
T
r
y
j: If