Exponent Board Names 1940-’41 Staff
R, W. Donahue Editor-in-Chief
Merle Hagemeyer BuBiness Mansger
J. H. McKee, Jr. News Editor
D. K. Heiple Managing- Editor
Beth Simpson Co-ed Editor
J. P. Dolan Sports Editor
Purdue Exponent
Volume 51, No. 182
Saturday, May 18, 1940
Enders Predicts German Prof. J.T. Gunn Announces Convocation
Triumph 'In Two Months'
Presenting an “Orson Welles” story of the outcome of World War II, Gordon Enders last night told Indiana newspaper people at the annual Sigma Delta Chi Newspaper Day banquet that Great Britain and France might be “in my wild guess” completely crushed by German mechanized forces within the next two months.
Caipus Varieties Will Present Final Broadcast Today Making its last appearance of the present season, WBAA’s Saturday afternoon broadcast of Campus Varieties will present a gala show this afternoon m Fowler Hall from 3 to 4. A cast of over 90 persons will participate, the largest group every to appear on the show at one time, including three campus orchestras and the Men’s Glee Club. Paul Reedy’s Campus Commanders, Bill Martin’s band, and Irvan Maury’s band will share the honors on this program which is to be a revrew of the program since it was originated in 1937. Highlights of the outstanding programs of the last three'years will be presented by those persons or groups that originally performed them. Melody Maids Besides the bands and their vocalists and the glee club, others to appear on the program include the Melody Maids led by Jean Skinner; the trio composed of Russ Mock, Bob Fitzgerald, and Dick Pittenger, Pat Heine; and Charlie Powell. Alberta Schmadel, Ervin Underwood, Frailk Kuhn, Benny Burns, Marvin Smith, Darlene Mahns, Nona Reedy, Jim McKillip, Eddie Beardsley, and Bob Henderson are others that will also appear on the program. The trio of Russ, Bob, and Dick appeared on the program last year but has not been together this semester due to the absence of Fitzgerald who is returning from South Bend for this program. They will do the musical skit concerning the Three Trees which was a hit on one of last year’s shows. ‘Hittin’ the Books’ Iivan Maury’s orchestra will play the recent composition of Clint Brown called “Hittin’ the Books” and a special arrangement of “Hawaiian War Chant.” The Campus Commanders will play “Cherokee” and their version of “Moon Ray,” with Jean Skinner singing the vocal, Ervin Underwood will play a xylophone solo of “Limehouse Blues,” the Melody Maids will sing Jean Skinner’s interpretation of “Remember,” Pat Heine and Dick Pittenger will sing a novelty called “Would ’Ja Mind,’' and Pat will solo the song of “Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea.” The Glee Club Avill sing the song “Roll Chariot”
Enders, world tiaveler and soldier and now teacher of a University course in contemporary Far Eastei'n history, presented the principal address in the concluding session of Newspaper Day which was attended by many Indiana editors of weekly and daily papers. He stated that German armored cars, which he described as mobile forts, are immune to any military equipment that the Allies possess and that German columns will he in Paris within 36 hours “unless a miracle happens.” Enders stated “I am crawling out on a limb and I sincerely hope that what I am saying is a lot of tripe, but all evidence indicates tha6^ is probably true. The German armored cars are private self sufficient forts impregnable to hand grenades or small caliber artilleiy. Several thousand of them are launched in an attack on one point of a fortified zone and simply keep going until they have bioken through and are in the interior of the country where they play havoc with enemy lines of communication.” Describing in detail the method of parachute attack which has been employed by the German forces, Enders predicted a plan in which the Germans may use these parachute troops in “an invasion of the British Isles, pj:obably within the next week.” . In what was the most startling statement of a startling speech, Enders predicted a mass exodous from the British Isles and France within the next few months to the various empire colonies.
which was written by Noble Cain, Purdue alumnus of Chicago, and dedicated to A1 ^ Stewart and the Purdue Men’s Glee Club and Schubert’s Serenade with Marvin Smith as soloist. Carmichael Song The Carmichael Song of the Week, to be played by Bill Martin’s band, will be Stardust and will be played from the original orchestration that was written for Hoagy Carmichael’s band at Indiana U. in 1927. The program will be conducted as usual by Hank Miller who organized the program in November 1937, since. Bill Fall will substitute as and has been producing it ever announcer for Virg Duncan who is ill. As usual, the program will be open to the public, however, station officials announce that in 'an effort to reduce noise during the program, the doors of Fowler Hall will be closed at five minutes to three.
Ten different programs, ranging from distinguished lecturers to appearances of both the Indianapolis and Chicago symphony orchestras, have been definitely booked for the convocajtions and public lecture series for the next academic year, it was announced yesterday by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee on convocations. Prof. Gunn also stated that there would be one or more additions to the present program, all of which will be held in the Hall of Music. These attractions already scheduled are: Oct. 15—Rockwell Kent, “Art for Everyone.” Oct. 24—John Charles Thomas, baritone. Nov. 19—Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. Dec. 10—Ballet Russe de Monte
Carlo.
Jan. 9^—Josef and Rosina Lhevinne, duo-pianists. Feb. 4—Chicago Symphony Orchestra. Feb. 11—Stuait Chase, economist, “Where Do We Go From Here?” Mar. 18—Eve Curie, lecturer, “Women and Science.” Apr. 10—Marian Anderson, con-
tralto.
Apr. 24—-William Lyon Phelps, “The Romance of Science and the Truth of Fiction.” Rockwell Kent, who opens the year’s program, is regarded as a brilliant and polished speaker, who is as much at home on the lecture platform as he is before his easel or at his typewiiter. In his illustrated lecture on “Art for Everyone” he tells of the rise of art in America and its social significance. John Charles Thomas, Metropolitan baritone, has been praised by critics for his work on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera, his radio broadcasts, and his concert tours. The Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and "iphe Ballet Russe dd Monte Carlo, both of which have been received enthusiastically on previous convocation appearances, will be followed by Rosina and Josef Lhevinne. The Lhevinnes are recognized as masters of the art of ensemble playing.
'40 Debris Will Come Out Monday At Noon Announcement was made yesterday by the Debris staff that copies of the 1940 Debris will be made available to those who have their copy, at noon on Monday, May 20, instead of 4 o’clock on Monday as was previously announced. For the convenience of those still wishing to purchase the Debris and who have not yet done so, salesmen will be in the Debris office and at the previous location of the old west desk of the Union all day to/ day from 8 until 6 o’clock.
Following the appearance of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Stuart Chase, noted commentator on economic and social problems, will lecture on “Where Do We Go From Heie ?” Chase, who has written several books, analyzes economic problems with informal humor and tries to make them of interest to the
layman.
Eve Curie, who is famous for her biography of her mother, has witnessed the discovery of radium and the work that Madame Curie carried on until the end of her life. Marian Anderson, contralto who has achieved international fame, will appear on the final musical program. Called the “greatest singer of our generation,” three times within six weeks she sang before overflowing houses last season at Carnegie Hall. “One of the great drawing cards in music,” according to the New York Times, she has .achieved “box-office supremacy in America.” 1,0D0 State Industrial Foremen Here Today For Institute Meeting Nearly one thousand industrial foiemen and executives from over the state will convene on the campus this morning for the day-long Foremen’s Institute of Indiana. This conference is the first of its kind to be held in the state. Largest group which has made advance reservations consists of approximately three hundred foremen and executives of Evansville. Other large groups, varying in size from twenty-five to one hundred, are expected from Valparaiso, Logansport, Kokomo, Gary, and New-
castle.
/
Donahue, Hagemeyer, McKee, Heiple Simpson, Dolan Get Senior Positions Robert W. Donahue, a junior in the school of chemical engineering, has been chosen editor-in-chief of the Exponent for 1940-41 according to a statement made by the electoral board last night. Donahue hails from Summit, 111. Co-operating with Donahue on the editorial staff will be James H. McKee, news editor, and Dan K. Heiple, managing editor. McKee is a junior in the science school and is a native of West Lafayette. Heiple, a junior public service engineer, is from Peoria, 111. . Merle Hagemeyer, also a junior in the science school, will fill the one senior position on the business staff, that of business manager. She is from Norwood, Ohio. Beth Simpson, of Fort Wayne, a junior in the home economics school, will head the co-ed staff for the coming year as senior co-ed editor. Joe Dolan, a junior in physical education and a native of Lafayette, was named to the position of sports editor. II New Organization
Today’s progra^ will deal with methods by which foremen may be better able to handle personnel responsibilities and with new trends in methods of production. Following an address of welcome by Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, and an outline of the purpose of the conference by Prof. Russell J. Greenly, C. S. Craigmile, vice-president of Belden Manufacturing Co., Chicago, and Thomas H. Quigley, professor of trade and industrial education of Georgia School of Technology, will present the principal speeches of the morning. Craigmile will discuss “Profits from Good Industrial Relations” and Quigley, who will fly from Atlanta, Ga., for the conference, will talk on “The Foreman of Tomorrow.” Louis Ruthenberg, president of Servel, Inc., of Evansville, will talk on “The Foreman’s Place in Management” before the assembly at luncheon.
Playsbp, WBAA Deliite Announce Citatiens, Staffs Playshop Thursday night announced the 1940-41 Playshop Board managers at the annual Stage, Stump, Studio Banquet held at Lincoln Lodge, and at the same time varsity debate published the appointments of the 1940-41 varsity forensic managers. Also at the dinner, WBAA, Playshop, and varsity debate awarded recognition Citations to members of the respective staffs. Leudeka Heads Playshop Board Ed Leudeka was chosen business manager of Playshop for the coming season'and will be supported by a staff composed of Harold Rodenberg, assistant business manager; Merle Keck, stage manager; Chester Vanada, advertising manager; and Peggy Howard, house manager. Playshop presented the Southworth acting award to Benny Burns in recognition of his outstanding work in dramatic roles during the 1939-40 season. Bernice Beisel, Bob Hettema, and Pat Heihe received gold medal recognition awards for their contributions to the success of Playshop during the past season. Silver medals were awarded to Roger Lindsey, Merle Keck, Joe Martin, and Sam Wells; bronze medals, to Bil Heath, Juanita Sebum, Don Salmond, and Charles Hart. Forensic Manager Appointments Continuing the appointments Robert HuRgren was named varsity forensic manager for the coming year. Other newly appointed members of the board are: junior assistant managers, W. B. Lawler and L. L. Stahl; co-ed staff, Marilyn McKnight and Gene Pechin, senior managers; Mary Jean Hutchinson and Mary Lee, junior managers; student speakers’ bi)^eau, Victoria Milea and Arthur Witham, senior managers; and Janet Morehouse, junior manager. The varsity forensic organization presented citations for outstanding work to Donald Paarlber^, Janet Morehouse,” Richard Springgate, Peggy Howard, and Maurice Udes. WBAA Citations WBAA awarded citations to Hank Miller, Dick Pittenger, Joyce Burnham, and Ernie Morehouse for efficient work in announcing, staff organization, and dramatic productions.
According to the board, changes have been made in both the editorial and business staffs. Reorganization of the editorial staff consists of the addition of the news editor. The only addition to this staff organization is the creation of a Junior Board. On the business staff, the position of senior advertising manager was abolished. The advertising lay-out work, formerly associated with the local advertising staff, has been combined with the national advertising staff. All of these changes will be explained in further detail in today’s and future editorials. New Junior Editors Sophomores elected the junior editor positions (night editor) were William E. Heaton, Ned A. Ochiltree, James A. Purcell, Leland W. Ruffner, Robert M. Skallerup, and John L. Traugott. Mary Kay Miller, Ruth H. Rose, and Donna Seiss were chosen as junior co-ed editors (day editors). Juniors on the sports staff will be John F. Adamson, Philip Carter Johnson, and Robert 0. Swsim. On the business staff, George C. Landers and Don S. Powers were named to junior positions on the local advertising staff. Charles F. Dangelmajer will be junior head of the new promotion staff; Richard J. Shadford, junior in charge of accounts; and Richard M. Rectenwald, junior in charge of circulation. McCartney Plays For Mixer Tonight Jack McCartney and his 12-piece band from DePauw University will play at the mixer tonight in the north ballroom of the Union. McCartney will be featured on the diums, and Jack Harrison will supply the vocal swing. Tonight’s appearance will be the last before the band starts a full summer engagement on June 8 at Pottawatomie Gardens on Lake Tippecanoe.
Ward
. . . “Piggy” Lambert, University basketball coach, will be guest of honor at a “celebrity” party sponsored by George Ade, prominent alumni of the University, at the Hazelden Country Club on Wednesday night, May 22. Last season “Piggy” developed his eleventh championship basketball combination in 23 years of coaching at Purdue.MKi
l M'
P0BDOE UPOMEMT
Saturday, May 18, 1940
JoUl The Month Of May . . . annually brings joy to some activity men and women, disappointment to others. All last week the Exponent Editorial Board interviewed sophomore and junior petitioners for junior-senior staff positions. Hours of 'discussion followed, as pros and cons were weighed in the effort to obtain the most efficient staff personnel for the 1940-41 Exponent. Late last night the outgoing senior board took over the Exponent office in order to announce results of its own elections in today’s paper. To those men and women who were named to their desired position, we offer our congratulations. To those who were disappointed, we sincerely regret that too many dam good newspaper people were eligible for too few positions. We hope/hat they may find an outlet for their ambitions in other worthwhile activities, and that they continue to help Exponent from time to time with their suggestions and criticisms. Pictured on page one today are four men and two women, the new senior staff members. Duties have been altered, two positions dropped and a new office created, in an effort to increase Exponent’s value to John and Mary Purdue. Activity elections are never twice the same . . . personalities, abilities, and ideas of the existing board are never duplicated from year to year. Since the Exponent is representative of the entire student body, we would like to outline the 1940-41 staff organization, in order that news-seekers and editorially-minded students and faculty members will know just what duties fall to senior officers on their newspaper. Agaih Exponent has divided its senior editorial responsibilities into three editorships; editor-in-chief, news editor, and ipanaging editor. These three men will work together, each contributing his own best talents and ability to the paper. Robert Donahue as editor-in-chief will direct the policies of the paper, and will be chairman of its editorial board. The position of editorial director has been dropped in favor of a news editor, and a major part of the editorial writing and execution of campaigns will fall back into the editor’s hands. Both news editor and managing editor will help to fill the editorial page, however. With duties somewhat similar to the city editor of two years ago, but more extended in scope, will be News Editor James McKee, Jr. It is often difficult to obtain good news continuity with night editors changing each day of the week, and Jim will supervise the actual daily content of the paper as day-to-day continuity man. He will be directly concerned with the why or why not of getting news into the paper, and one of his most important duties
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Iiudey BdKor-tarCWtf W. E. Smith BasincM ManaKer D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, manasinE editor; K IrL Antonini, senior advertiainE manaser; G. SchillinE, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, aporta editor. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, tinder the act of ConEreas of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage protrided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durinE the reEular academic year and weekly durinE the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publiahers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Purcell
Ass’t. Night Editor, Overman
Saturday, May 18, 1940.
Day Editor, Rose
Winner In Contest T o Receive Pos/f ion On Magazine Staff By Chas. Suesse Who wants a job this coming summer ? Well, here’s a way to get one that is as easy as falling off the proverbial log. Scribner’s Commentator is offering a job to the undergraduate who can write the article ipost suitable to be printed in the Commentator. The decision of the editors of the Commentator will be final in the judging of these articles. For a sample of the type of story for Commentator we suggest that you consult a current issue of that magazine. The contest closes June 1. Manuscripts must be typewritten and double spaced. The maximum length of a story is 3,000 words, and subjects are optional. Mail your entries to Contest Editor, 654 Madison Ave., New York, New York. Manuscripts may be mailed any time between now and the closing date of the contest. All manuscripts will become-the property of Scribner’s Commentator and none will be returned. One Hundred . . . and sixty members of the Student Cooperative Association attended a picnic held last night in the stock judging pavillion on the
south campus. Part of the evening’s entertainment was a series of skits presented by the various co-opera-tivp hpuses on the campus.
Classified Ads I BOB SAUI FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street. For Sale: A good drug store doing an excellent paying business in a good Ohio City Goris Hockema Realty Co, 411 Ferry St, Lafayette, Ind.
For Sale: 1928 Sport Deluxe Buick Cpe., good tires, good running condition. See this before buying. Address 808Vi Highland. Phone 7706
For Sale: Underwood typewriter for sale. Like new, bargain if taken at once for cash Write immediately Box 225, Purdue Exponent; c/o Circulation.
FOB RENT Rubs—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Mm. $2.59 all night. Phone 71644.
Wanted—2 men students for large downstairs room for September. $22.60 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160. 176 Littleton.
For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2148.
L08T AND FOUND Lost: National Championship Music Medal. Would appreciate greatly its return. Reward Roy Goers, 6028
STARTS SUNDAY
Found: Camera equipment. Owner claim by identifying and paying for insertion. Call 46634 between 7 to 9 p m
Madeleine Brian CARROU AHERNE Louis HAYWARD NYmlirsM! with LARAINE DAY HENRY HULL JOSEPHINE HUTCHINSON — Last Times Today — LANA TURNER JOAN BLONDELL GEpRGE MURPHY
Notices
Debris Petitioners: There will be a meeting at 1 p.m., Saturday, May 18, for all Debris staffs in the Debris workship. —McNEIL.
Musical Organizations: Those planning to attend the spring dinner please sign up with Miss Mann before Saturday, May 18. —ROBINSON.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will meet with the Heads of the schools or curricula in which they have chosen to enroll in next year.’ Civil engineers will meet in room 201 Civil Engineering Building; Chemical and Metallurgical engineers, room 101 Michael Golden Shops; Electrical engineers, room 264, Electrical Building; Mechanical Engineers, room 129 Electrical Building; Mechanical Engineers, room 129 Electrical Building; and Public Service engineers and Engineering Law in the Conference Room, ground floor in the Executive Building. —KNAPP.
MT 6—Section E: Study paragraphs 37, 40, and text matter, page 96, FA book 204 for Saturday, May 18. —LARR.
will be his position as chairman of the new Junior Board. Managing Editor Dan Heiple will be the personnel man of the paper. He will control the day’s news within the proper limits, and will have the daily duty of “marking” the paper. Call-outs, training schools, the style sheet, and making of all schedules except for the co-eds will be his responsibility. Dan will approve all columns before they appear in the Exponent, and the editorial division of all special editions will be under his direction. These three officers will work together, and hold frequent meetings to keep the paper united in tone and polidy. The managing editor will also have the option of planning staff parties, meetings, or dances, as implied by the personnel requirements of his office. The Junior Board is a new part of the Exponent organization, and will be composed of the three junior co-ed day editors, the six junior night editors, and the news editor as chairman. This board will meet frequently, bi-monthly or weekly, as the occasion demands, to discuss matters of publication and coverage. Co-ed and sports staffs have remained unchanged, but the business staff is headed by only one senior,_Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer. The office of advertising manager has been dropped because three capable men have been placed in junior advertising positions. The business juniors have been named to definite staffs, because rotation of junior responsibilities does not provide equal efficiency of operation. The national advertising and art staffs have been combined into a promotion staff in order to give equal chances of advancement to all juniors. These explanations may clear up some of the questions which will arise today wheh names of the officers are known. We regretfully turn over the editorial reigns to our successor, leaving behind us four years of happy Exponent work. We ask the new editor only space for one last farewell in tomorrow’s Exponent . . . which will actually be the traditional introduction to the new persolnalities who will guide Purdue’s newspaper in its fifty-second year of publication.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election of officerb Tuesday, May 21, at 7 p.m. in east reception room of Union. —KEEN.
Radio Club: Picnic Tuesday, May 21; leaving from front of EE building at 4 :20 p.m. Reservations must be made by Monday. Call 71334. —PITCHER.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, May 21, at 7:30 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. —KNIPP.
Independent Students: All men students interested in starting a new men’s coopeiative house will meet in room 54 of the Union at 7.30 pm, Monday, May 19. —ZUSTSKI.
YWCA Cabinet: Meet at Women’s Gym at 1 .-30 p m , Saturday, May 18. Please be prompt. —BRYANT.
Hillel: Picnic Sunday, May 19, at 4 15 p m. at Murdock Park Everyone except the senior members in good standing, bring twenty-five cents. —GLUCK.
All Freshmen Union Workers: Those who can work at the door for the mixer and Triad dance on Saturday, May 18, please sign up befoie tonight in the Union office. ” HULS.
Junior Group AAUW: Planning old fad picnic for Monday, May 20, at 6 p. m. west of stadium Girls in slacks, etc ; members only. —FELDT.
Camera Club: No meeting this week. Get exhibit prints from Student Union office. (5-19) GEPHART.
MT 8, Military Second Tear Advanced Course: Final date for make-up of work missed is Wednesday, May 22. —THOMPSON.
Pi Tau Sigma: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 18, at 2 :30 p.m. at G. A.’s bee farm. This is across Grant St. from the new high school. Election of officers at this time. —DUCKWORTH.
SAE Members: Student chapter is going to Indianapolis Speedway on Saturday afternoon, May 26. We will have a chance to go through the pits. Anyone wishing to go must sign up before this Saturday, May 18, on bulletin board in basement of ME building so that Kratz may order pit passes. —CAHILL.
Registration Workers: Student who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 9, 10, and 11. are requested to make application, before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s o ce. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —R. B STONE, REGISTRAR.
Creighton University medical students and faculty members last year treated free of charge 30,000 patients.
IMaiII
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
TO THE HiU-T WiTH imHSf The Weaver Brothers attdUviry ‘Go~To~ Town'to teach the city folk how to live i,.,Jn the good ok mountain manner!
DOUDLE FEATURE BORIS KARLOFF — IN — BRITISH INTELLIGENCE — PLUS — TOMBOY
miN AND DEAR IT
1- I
‘Will the prescription have foam ? My husband will drink any medicine with plenty of foam!”
Radio Club: Picnic Tuesday, May 21. We will leave from in front of the EE building at i :20 p m. Make reservations with me by Monday, May 20 Those who have cars let me know when making reservations. Phone 71334. —PITCHER.
Wesley Foundation: Wiener roast this Saturday, May 18, from 4 to 7 p.m. at Happy Hollow. Sign up now at foundation house. Group will meet at house and hike out. —WAGNER.
Campus Varieties Cast: The show for this Saturday, May 18, is now set for Fowler Hall. Members of Irvan Maury's, Bill Martin’s, and Paul Reedy’s bands report on the stage by 1:30 p.m. so that a set-up may be worked out. All others report by 2 :30 at the latest. Please. —MILLER.
PI A Board: Meet in PI A office at 8 am. Sunday, May 19. Bus leaves west entrance of Union for Turkey Run at 8:16. Dress for hiking. —ARCHIBALD.
Purdue Religious Council: Last meeting of the year will bq Wednesday, May 22, in room 68 of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —MANAGERS. Gimlet: Election of officers Monday, May 20, at Sigma Nu house at 8 p.m. —FRAZEE.
All Students: Outing Club hike to Potter’s Hollow Sunday, May 19, 1940. leaving State St. and North River Road at 11:30 am. Bring bathing suits. Call John Dodds, 36293, or Dwight Cooley 66273, by Friday if interested. —COOLEY.
Undergraduate Dames: Picnic has been changed to this Sunday, May 19. Meet at Katherine Shades at 9 a.m. —GERSTUNG.
Alpha Lambda Delta actives: Initiation Sunday, May 19, at 8 a.m. in room 304 of the Union. Make breakfast reservation by Friday at 5 p.m. with Peg Davis. Every active plan to attend. —CARPENTER.
Linu —SUNDAY - MONDAY—
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
—LAST TIMES TODAYJONES Family fn "ON THEIR OWN" • —ALSO — "Ghost Valley Raiders"
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
1.1 iiiih. wii-iiiiiniv. A Pa,< , ou .1 P,c.u,. '
— AND — RITTER crashes through the toughest outlaw stronghold on the range...to rescue the girl he loves from a bandit chief!
OF
THE
RIDERS
FRONTIER
* AND HIS HORSE "WHITE FLASH>*
— ALSO —
'DRUMS OF FU MANCHU"
Serial
—SUNDAY - MONDAYMAN in tlie IRON MASK BEWARE OF SPOOKS FERDINAND THE BULL'
A TOOTIN', SNOOTIN' NIOT
.. PfOAOS,
'-HI// ELLEN DfiEW ANDY DEVINE PHij. HARRIS VIlifilNIA DHE lILtlAN CORNELL DENNIS DAY/ CARMICHAEL bro ROCHESTER
—5 BIG DAYS— STARTS TODAYA %
PW?“
i '
•r-^" ‘ '. v'--. y
Saturday. May 18. 1940
FUBDUE EXFONENT
$qilerm9ker Track Tearn Meets Strong Marquette Squad Today Meet records aplenty should fall this afternoon if the athletes of the Purdue and Marquette track teams live up to past performances as they clash on the athletic field of the Milwaukee school. Ross-Ade stadium was the scene of the first meeting of the two universities in 1938 when a driving rain and muddy track prompted such startling figures as 10 feet 6 inches in the pole vault; 5 feet 5 inches in the high jump; 27.8 seconds in the low hurdles, and 10.4 seconds in the hundred yard dash.
With every report indicating favorable conditions for this year’s meeting, eyes of Middlewest track fans are turned to the contest as a final proving ground of two outstanding squads. Each squad has, during the present season, defeated four of the toughest teams the Middlewest can muster, and the Hilltoppers carry into competition an unbroken string of eleven victories begun in the spring of 1939. Three Men Weakened Heartening to Boilermaker fans is the news that three of the allpowerful hosts—Kinert, sprinter, Butler, quarter-miler, and Monahan, half miler, —^may be below top form due to injuries. A javelin thrower who tossed the pole 206 feet on one occasion and placed third in the' Drake Relays; a pole vaulter who has cleared 13 feet 8 inches; a first class sprinter; and a quarter miler who has turned in 48.3 will furnish plenty of competition to make it interesting for Coach Hermon Phillip’s proteges. To match these outstanding performances, the Boilermaker mentor is counting heavily on such men as Ed Holderman, whose 4:13.2 mile is the fastest turned in by a col-
legiate runner this season, and Forrest Weber, who works with the weights and has shown plenty of improvement. Phillips believes that the big fellow may break 50 feet in the shot put, and records show a mark of 137 feet in the discus as his best toss. Captain “Red” Shackleton cannot be overlooked for his 49 second performance in the quarter nlile, nor can Tycocki’s 21.4 in the 220 be forgotten. Another bright spot in the Boilermaker layout is the mile relay team, which defeated the touted Marquette organization by two yards in the Drake Relays. Versatile Dave Rankin, dashman and hurdler, should also give the Hilltoppers plenty of trouble in his events, although he may be weakened by a cold which he contracted this week. Final Tune-up As a final dual meet test, this afternoon’s competition should add finishing touches to the condition of the squad which will carry the Gold and Black colors to Northwestern for the Big 9% meet a week hence.
Rhinies On Varsity Field; Conduct Lively Practice Since Dutch Fehring’s varsity baseballers are in Ann Arbor,’ Michigan, to do battle with the Wolverines of the University of Michigan, the Rhinies took over the Ross-Ade baseball diamond and went through a spirited intra-squad game. __________________________________ Pop Doa,p, surveyed his charges.
Indoor Race Held In Lieu Of River Swim
Winning the first 1,500 meters race ever held in the Fieldhouse pool. Jack Carney, freshman track star, led the field to the tape in a gruelling race that required 66 laps of the pool to finish. Carney swam the distance in 20:66.5 to win top honors in the freestyle event. Williamson and Branner finished second and third respectively. In the 1,600 yard breaststroke race, McCammon lead the field, finishing in the fast time of 23:26 to edge out Williaipson and Branner, who were trailing closely. In the final race of the match, Ted Anderson copped the 66 lap backstroke affair in 23:29 minutes to win easily from Shaw and "Bunting. The top three men in each of the three ventse will receive medals for their prowess. The 1,500 meter races were inaugurated to replace the former annual river swim. The river swim has been disbanded due to the polluted condition of the river and the scarcity of safety boats.
goimg-GOIMG-GONE FROM 9:00 A. M. TO 6.00 P. M. TODAY You may purchase your 1940 DEBRIS at a desk in the Union neer the phone booths.
Act now—there are only a few left.
(DebAJUL
(^ompdidsL QamftuA, QovsAaqsL
mo
Ensenada
1 ^
SLACK SUITS Comfortable hot weather togs just the right weight for all summer sports acti-
vities or just for lounging around. Made
|Vj|
from cottons, well cut and roomy. In
1
solid colors only.
\ /
r %
$1.98
up to $3.75
Sms. reliable ’S 1 -1 v ; ’I '"I'.111 '! ; '■
CLOTHING STORE
picked out the teams and captains and remarked, “This is the day we have been waiting for. The team has been severely handicapped by inclement weather conditions for a great portion of this spring. However, with this good sunshine and the varsity field for practice we are looking forward to a big day.” Pop gave some more directions to the lads, announced the batting orders. Then he continued, “We really have a better than average bunch of ball’players this year and I expect some of them to be fighting next season for the positions left vacant by varsity men who grad-
uate.”
Competition Sharp McCaffrey, Hinks, Riley, and Rarick all have an opportunity to fill the gap at the hot comer that Captain Felix Mackiewicz will leave vacant this June. Green and Carl “Shorty” Potenza are the outstanding candidates for the second base position. Coach Doan intimated that the latter has much more than pepper and is really a good infielder. Hearne is playing his last year at shortstop for the Riveter varsity, but will have two able replacements from the frosh in Meyers and also Brown. Then there is Cook, until very recently one of the hopefuls on Mai Elward’s spring football crew, who is probably the outstanding prospect. Grace and Crumley are almost equal in abilities at the initial sack, but Crumley is a converted catcher and a splendid hitter. Carson, McDaniels, and Frazier comprise the outfield with Churchill and- Seely close in line. The latter has just recently reported, for he also plays football. Excellent Batteries The pitching and catching assignments seem to be handled admirably by a number of boys. Smith and Roger Classman take care of the catching chores, while Janish ranks as the top man among four other hurlers, namely, Leifeit, Iru Classman, Petrick and Walker.
Buckeyes Crush lU Netters 9-6; Meet Riveters This Afternoon Ohio State’s strong tennis squad handed the Indiana University racquet team their second straight shellacking in as many days yesterday afternoon on the Boilermaker courts north of the Fieldhouse in the second round of the triangular match which will be terminated this afternoon. The Buckeyes ruled supreme throughout the meet to defeat the downstaters in straight sets by a shut-out score of 9-0. ____________________________ The Buckeyes will meet the Riv-
eter tennis squad this afternoon iii a dual-match to complete the three way meet. Yesterday the Boilermakers defeated the Indiana team by the top heavy score of 7-2. The match this afternoon will determine the mythical champ of the
week-end meet.
Hoosiers Impotent The Hoosiers were unable to annex a single set as the Buckeyes swept the six single matches and three doubles to win without a blemish. The complete summary of yesterday’s meet is as follows: Singles: McFarlane, OS, defeated Wood, I, 6-2; 6-3; Fillimon, OS, defeated Chiddister, I, 6-4, 6-1; Rosenthal, OS, defeated Feighner, I, 6-2, ,6-1; Lewis, OS, defeated Haynine, I, 6-2, 6-0; Jones, OS, defeated Weber, I, 6-1, 6-0; Stevens, OS, defeated Lugar, I, 6-4, 6-2. ' Doubles: McFarlane and Fillimon, OS, defeated Wood and Chiddister, I, 6-3, 7-5; Rosenthal and Lewis, OS, defeated Haynine and Weber, I, 6-0, 6-1; James and Stevens, OS, defeated Feighner and Lu-
gar, I, 6-2, 6-3.
Riveter Golfers Face I. U. In Season Finale Five selected Boilermaker linksmen left Lafayette yesterday afternoon for Columbus, 0., where they will match stroke for stroke with Indiana in their final dual match of the season today. A victory over the traditional rivals would add a happy ending to a rather unimpressive season. Coach Harry Allspaw announced the members of the squad who made the trip to Ohio after a final wind-up yesterday afternoon on the home course. His selections were Captain Bob Hoffer and Gebrge Dahl, of West Lafayette; Turner Curran, of Gary; Bob McKenzie, of Elwood; and Doug McDaniel, of Fostoria,
Ohio.
Following their match with the Hoosiers this afternoon, the Boilermakers will remain in Columbus to enter the Big Ten Championships on Monday and Tuesday. The squad will attune themselves to the Buckeye course over the week-end before teeing off Monday against the fine linksmen of Northwestern, Illinois,, and Michigan. The four best scores of the five-man teams in the 72-hole medal play will be recorded for the honors. Annual WAA Picnic Set For Thursday WAA members will gather for their last social function of the year, the annual WAA spring sports spread at the cabin, Thursday evening starting at 5:30. The girls will hike to the cabin where they will have a picnic supper. Following supper there will be a program presented by the WAA council. Tickets for the picnic are now on sale for 26 cents and may be purchased from any WAA officer or council member.
Antique Rni$h Ui f
AND X UP
% For the first time we offer you Antique Finish in two-,tone shoes! Rich new combinations of tan and white, 'that you’ll want to wear the mii^ute you see them. We apply, hy special process, a real antique finish to the tans only. It gives them a distinctive character that you won’t find anywhere else. B & W iHOE CO. 121 No. Fourth St.
■ |”YpttR F|ET ARE WORTH FORTUNES!*'
! .r,
Roosevelt Startles Nation With 'SteerCaused' Tardy Talk Dr. Max Steer, University professor of speech, gave engineers of radio station. WHN of New York City and the listening world in general a rather dubious thrill Thursday when through his current research on President Roosevelt's speeches he brought about a six minute discourse on drought and crop conditions which was climaxed by the statement that “ . . . tomorrow is Labor Day.” It all happened because Robert D. King, instructor in the speech department and contemporary oF Steer in his research work, who was in New York collecting data for Steer’s study of the chief executive’s voice, as to its intensity, moods and quality, paid a visit to station WHN. King was listening to recordings of former speeches of the president over a private line when an overanxious engineer, hearing the president’s voice and knowing that he was soon to go on the air, plugged in WHN, which in turn went ,on the air. That’s what startled the public, and the engineer, too. For the nation had been awaiting the president’s national defense plea, and the nation instead was getting one of his former speeches on drought and crop conditions, and, of course, that “ . . . tomorrow is Labor Day.” helped to startle also. In solution, engineers switched from their NBC channel to CBS where they discovered the president Was talking about Ameri<;^’s defense needs. Things were normal again. And if that engineer didn’t say, “Whew” when things at last were set right, he should have. IM Schedule ALL-CAMPUS GOLF Saturday, May 18 Must be idayed by Saturday, 6:00 p.m. Laddon vs Spangler Dittmer vs Shook Darr vs Polk Kona vs Palmer or Canham Fsping vs Lehr Moss vs Bauman Nuetzel vs Dwyer Swab vs Gipe Armstrong vs Burnham Mueler or Artz vs O’Brien or Overly Karnisky vs Kuntz Haas vs Koschmann Clevett vs Hamilton Barnes vs Stewart or Stegman BASEBALL Monday, May 20 Diamond Umpire 6 Acacia vs Phi Kappa Sigma R. Glasser 7 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Tau Delta ' J. Close 8 Ward 25 vs .Ward 15 P. Wehrenberg 9 Ward 27 vs Ward IS 0, 10 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 8 J. Benaa
FOR SALE so acre farm for sale, 5 milee north of Piudue; good six room house with ele^ tricity. $1400 cash, balance long time loan. ^ Good location, rural route and school bach ^ pass the door. Phone 5268
. A:-. ■' ''v-
'"3I i
a
M 3
a
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 18, 194i
J'isddsiJiA QPwks.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Sopplioe "DIAC" Everything for a College Education • Jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. e Florists Darner's Flower Shop Qeality Plewera Mein at 7th Phona 6050
e Professional
Risk Dental Cfhik oa. PAUL A. RIK , ML LUTHCR A. RiK I ML HAROLD ). RHK
4th a Main
mi
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 V^i Vina W. Lafayatta Phone 4965
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMrrRIST
522 Main St. Phone 47i1 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
e Dairy Products MILK 10 Vz Quarts Make I Po of Buffer Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
By Robert J. Deckard HAIL AND FAREWELL Comes the day of announcing next year’s Exponent staff, and everybody IS in a flutter. . . . The sophomores have especially been keyed up to the situation as this is their first experience of being quizzed and studied by the electoral board as prospective associate editorial and sport editors and business managers. The juniors are not excited openly, but the decision of the board either makes a dream fade away foy them or come to a realization. . . . For the seniors on the board, the day is one for a sigh of relief. . . . Four years ai-e gone, and their college newspaper career has come to an end, which is marked by election day. —^fc— One of the integral parts of a newspaper is the sports staff, and its sports pages. . . . Actually, more comment centers around the sports pages of a newspaper than the other pages, perhaps with the exception of front page. And, in view of that fact, the person who is appointed “sports editor” must be one of responsibility insight, and eptness. . . . His job is a big one and a tough one. . . . He keeps the entire staff on the proverbial ball. . . . He is a walking bxireau of sporting information. . . . He knows all the “big shots”. . . . He must mix with all characters with poise and carriage, because everything he says and does is under the most close scrutiny of his readers. —^fc— For the sports editor of next year’s Exponent, the electoi'al board has chosen Joe Dolan over such outstanding associate editors as Marshall Richai’ds and Stewart Marquis. . . . From the comment of the board on these three meil, we were advised that these three men are hard to beat as newspapermen. . . . But Dolan, according to the board, was the man to head next year’s taff. —^fc— In case you don’t know Joe, keep an eye open for a Model A Ford, that looks like it has beeen on sight-seing tour of the Maginot line. . . . The driver is Dolan, who hails from Lafayette. ' Joe is well-qualified to be sports editor. He is a junior in the physical education school and has been connected with newspaper work for a number of years, at one time being a member of the Jefferson high school paper, the Booster. Joe worked on the Lafayette Journal and Courier intermittently vthroughout his high school and college newspaper career. . . . He is a Lambda Chi Alpha and has been intensively interested in intramural activities. . . . We understand that Joe’s ambition is to be a newspaper man. —— As Dolan’s three associate sports editors, the electoi-al board has selected two agriculture students and one mechanical. . . . John Adamson, Glencoe, 111., is one of the three, being the mechanical student. . . . John is a Delta Tan Delta, a member of Skull and Crescent, and co-rushman chairman of his house. . . . John is likewise an active participatee in intramural activities. Phil Johnson, Mooresville, is the second associate editor of the trio. . . . Phil is an ag student and a member of Phi Delta Theta. . . . He engages -extensively in intramural activities. The last member of this group is Robert Swaim, Mai-shall. . . . Bob is an ag student and a member of Pi Kappa Phi. ... As the other two, he is an intramural activity addict, and a member of Skull and Crescent. —^fc— As we write these words, we are drawing our own college newspaper career to a point of termination. ... Not trying to be egotistical, but we started four years ago with the seven present senior editors and worked alongside of these six men and the present co-ed editor. It’s been great fun. . . . We’ve gained a helluva lot of experience. . . . Had a lot of hard knocks and tears, but fun along with it. . . . All in all, we aver it has been the greatest and finest experience that ever came our way. ... So to our readers, the staff, and others we have met and dealt with, we give our warmest thanks for their consideration. . . . To next year’s staff we wish a lot of luck and fun. —^fc— And we end up this column and our college newspaper career with that newspaper symbol that marks the end of every “story”; —30—
Jomovtow Hjl Jhn, (^hwtchiUL Methodist Students 9:30 a.m.—Co-ed Class — Panel discussion on “Social Service at Fort Wayne.” 9:30 a.m.—Men’s Student Class” “—The Christian and War” by Dr. M. S. Webster. 10:40 a.m.—Morning Worship — Sermon by Dr. Steele, Red Rose Recognition of Seniors. 5:00 p.m.—Picnic Supper at the WAA Cabin — 15 cents. Fireside discussion of Epworth League programs for next year. Junior AAUW . . . will hold its last meeting of the season Monday at 5 p.m. This meeting will be principally a picnic, held some place west of RossAde Stadium, AAUW officials said yesterday. Mortar Board . . . senior co-ed honorary, will hold initiation for nine recently announced pledges tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock at the home of Prof. Elizabeth Mitchell on Stadium road. The initiation services will be followed by a breakfast for all alums, acthes, and new initiates. Initiates will be Ruth Bennett, Paula Zwierlein, Georgia Cari’oll, Merle Hagemeyer, Jean Jones, Beth Simpson, Joyce Burnham, Virginia Royce and Peggy Terstegge.
8:00 p.m.—Presentation of “The Tinker” at Morton Schhol. Public is invited free.
Presbyterian and Congregational Churches All services will be held at the new University Church and Student Center, located at Grant and North streets. 9:30 a.m.—Student Discussion Group—Dr. Graves leading the discussion on: “The Christian Attitude To War.” 5:00 p.m.—Congregational Meeting of the University Church, in lounge on first floor of the new church. Election of church officers will be held. 6:00 p.m.—Westminster Club supper hour, discussion group. Supper is served at 6:00 (15 cents); at 7:00
there will be a musical program, and greetings from members of the Board, and from students. Mr. Findley will outline some of the plans for the next year. All are invited.
Initiation
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program in Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a.m.—Student Class. Dean Fisher will teach. This is the first in a series of two. 10:40 a.m.—Morning Church Service. Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject, “Is the Spirit of God in Modern Life?” 6:00 p.m.—Forum—Jean Steigerwald will lead in recreation. Henry Mangus will lead in discussion, Alice Robbins will lead in vespers.
. . . services will be held by Alpha Lambda Delta, national freshman women’s scholastic honorary, tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock in room 304 of the Union. Breakfast for all former members and new initiates of the organization will follow the initiation. Girls being initiated are Alice Altherr, Dorothy Arvidson, Clara Jane Ballard, Marjorie Ann Bollman, Doris Bower, Roberta Buechele, Mary S. Johnson, Doris Muth, Martha McHaffie, Bonnie McPherson, Janet Rossell, Helen Schickler, Phyllis Scholl, Martha Jane Trost, Faith Wayne, Marian Widmer.
Ready to Go You’ll hear this many times a day at Crown. Our efficient workmanship and speedy delivery service assure you of your garment when you want it. There’s a Crown truck past your door every day.
m Jil-E CLEANERS JBF FINE CLOTJlESi
13^ of each dollar of revenue goes to taxes Government service and facilities, like commerce and industry, have been sorely tried, this past decade. And more support from business, property and individuals has been necessary — support in this case meaning taxes. This Company paid, this month, the semi-annual installment of property taxes for 1939. The total annual property tax amounts to ^1,132,723. Other taxes, including gross income, social security, etc., bring the year’s total up to ^2,100,034 — all to be set aside from the monthly payments we receive for utility service to you. This hjuge total tax bill averages out to 84 cents per month per customer served! It represents an increase of 16% over our taxes payable last year. And it requires 13 cents out of each dollar of revenue from service. Taxes up 83^ . . Electric rates down 21^ Total taxes for this Company have increased 83.4% since 1932, BUT this heavy added load has not yet blocked the traditionally steady DECREASE in electric service rates to you. For in the same period, with taxes up 83.4%, our average revenue per kilowatt hour for electric service has gone DOWN 21.0%! Residence service alone is down 27%. This, in a period during which the prevailing economy has been for higher prices in the interest of prosperity, is a record of which we have a right to be proud. Greater use of electric service, due, of course, to its always in-o-easing usefulness, plus thrifty, careful operation — that is the answer.
S ERVICE-^-COMPANY^OF**! N