vt \ i< '
I i^ssr •Sr^wi^TMi (fi R
^ \ y if ^ ^ ^ ' 4'^
<N
Nazis Claim US Sold Out Yugoslavia Failure To Intervene Draws German Gibes By David M. Nichol SPECIAL RADIO To Chioago Daily News Foreign Servlcei Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc, Berlin, April 11.—^The controlled press here gibed more and more openly today at the United States and said that President Roosevelt’s policy is a “gigantic betrayal.” The writer in the Boersen Zeitung, who often speaks for the highest circles here, said: “Yugoslavia was to have boen the test for the American intervention policy on European soil. This policy forbids to the small nations of Europe reconciliation and friendship with the Axis powers, just as it forbnde any further concessions on the part of the English and French after Munich. Calls President’s Policy ‘Bluff’ “If the Greeks and Serbs are beaten, then these nations, and others, will realize that Roosevelt’s policy is a gigantic betrayal, a policy which tries to substitute what it lacks in the military spirit with bluff, propaganda and boosts.” Roosevelt was-accused of “enticing the credulous into the abyss.” If the struggling Balkans are defeated, “as it is now certain that they will be, then Roosevelt and his interventionist policy will also have suffered defeat,” the paper said. Police Ban Gaiety. It was in such an atmosphere that the celebration of Good Friday occurred 'here. Stores and places of entertainment were closed, police regulations forbade the playing of any but “Sferious” music, and theaters were permitted to show only those pictures which were specially approved. Traditionally, the somber Easter period extended to Tuesday, but regulations for the remaining days are less strict. Unter den Linden appeared as it does on Sundays, with even larger than ordinary crowds, most of whom were intent on seeing the state library and the roped-off opera building, damage to which at the hands of the Royal Air Force provoked a violent outburst of rage in last night’s newspapers and the promise of* “hundred-fold vengeance.” Air Squadron Officers' fraining Course Opens Thirty-five colleges and universities are represented among the 49 engineering graduates enrolled in the air squadron engineering officer’s training course which opened at the University Monday, Enrollees come from 21 different states, according to Prof. K. D. Wood, who compiled the ibtatistical information. The graduate students are taking a three-month speed-up course in aeronautical engineering. After a second training period at Chanute Field, Rantoul, 111., following completion of the training here, they will be commissioned as air corps engineering officers, j.h.a.
Z-Its
FouihI^ Im 1889
X4UUie4U § Daily ShiM 1906
Volume 52, No. 154
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, April 12, 1941
Latest News Briefs
Washington, April 11. — President Roosevelt today opened a longhaul, U-boat free shipping route over which United States ships will transport war equipment almost all the way to the battle-torn Balkans. This new route was made possible by virtue of a slight readjustment of the “combat zones” defined under the neutrality act, making the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea legal for entrance of American vessels. Ships may now go into the Suez Canal from the east and make port in Egypt.
Detroit, April 11. — Governor Murray D. Van Wagoner announced the close of the strike at the River Rouge plant of the Ford Motor company today with the acceptance of his three-point peace program by the UAW-CIO union and a conditional acceptance by the management. This was the end of a lO-day strike.
I AH
Committee Names Del Casino To Play As 'Ind Prom Band' By Bill Wendel Contrasting with the blues style of Woody Herman, cpme next Friday night, will be the smooth rhythms of Del Casino and his newlyformed orchestra as they play for the ’41 edition of Prom. Casino, a Latin late of Brooklyn, N. Y., formed his orchestra only a short time ago, leaving a rather prospering radio singing career to do so. Del does most of the singing in the orchestra himself and, ’tis said, creates an atmosphere of “romance m the air” for his feminine listeners. Evidently, Del is versatile, then, for not only is he a “charmer” but also an amateur boxer. Choir, Orchestra Give Easter Cantata Before
Riveter Diamondmen Shade i Western Illinois State, 5-4
Del Casino
4 Vs To Receive Laffle Co"™ Audience.
4 Tickets Each
For Graduation Each_ graduating senior will receive four tickets for the class of 1941 commencement services upon payment of his graduation®^ or diploma fee, it was revealed last night by the committee in charge. Commencement exercises will start at 2:30 o’clock on Sunday afternoon, June 8, in the Hall of Music. These tickets will be reseived seats for parents and friends, two upstairs and two downstairs in the Music Hall. Concerning the sale of invitations and announcements, Ted Axton, committee chairman, said last night that seniors should not confuse the Dutch-fold announcement with a commencement invitation, as it is simply a formal announcement of commencement. The two booklets on sale, however, contain invitations to the commencement exercises. Invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University bookstores, and the west desk of the Union. Sales end, definitely, on Thursday, April 24, Axton stated. M. T. Reynolds . . . will give a demonstration lecture on “Simplified Field Strength Measurement for the Amateur” before members of the Radio Club next Tuesday, April 16 at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 of the EE Building.
1905 Debris Recalls Memories Of Ade's 'College Widow' Days
By Virginia Barson It all happened so suddenly . . . there we were, sitting in the library going through the worn pages of the 1906 Debris. We had been talking about George Ade’s “The College Widow” which will be presented by the music and dramatic societies, May first and third for the Gala Week celebration. We wondered what the campus was like back in the “good old days” so we took an hour off and rummaged up an old Debris. As we leafed through the first few pages, we learned a great deal about the history of the University /Which was first called The Indiana Agricultural College. In 1869, John Purdue donated fifteen thousand dollars for university improvement and the name was changed to Purdue University. In 1906 the campus was a small colony of about five or six buildings, enough to accommodate the fifteen hundred students who attended.
Even back in those days we were noted for our engineering school, agriculture came next and medicine and liberal arts followed. Most interesting, however, were the students themselves. They were “great ones” for horse play including those famous tank fights and peculiar monkey business organizations. Some of the more prominent organizations at the time were. The Mustache Club, mot•to. Take Time By the Forelock; The Poker Players, motto, There Are None for Whist Is Now King; Swell Head Club, motto. So Act That All Men May Notice; and The Lovers’ Club, “Love Looks Not with the Eyes but with the Mind.” Before you go to see “The Collie Widow,” leaf through some of those old Debris. You’ll soon find out the college isn’t what it used to b^. George Ade’s famous play brings back the 1906 college spirit, some of which we still have, and most of which we’ve lost.
Climaxing the adacemic year’s religious convocation programs, the University Choir under the direction of Albert Stewart and the University Orchestra last night enacted an impressive performance of John Stainer’s beautiful passiontide cantata, “The Crucifixion,” before over 4,500 interested Students, faculty members and townspeople in the Hall of Music. The white-robed^ choir of 250 voices, seated before a backdrop lesembling a stained glass church window depicting the crucifixion of Christ, sang the 20 part meditation on the Sacred passion of the Holy Redeemer. Especially fine renditions on the program were the A Cappella anthem, “God So Loved the World,” sung by the entire ' choir; the duet by Marvin Smith and Wallace Woodrow> “So Thou Liftest Thy Jpivine Petition”; and“The Adoration of the Crucified,” a hymn, also sung by the choir. Radio station, WBAA, made a one-half hour lecording of the program at a special leheaisal previous to the convocation yesterday evening. This recording will be heard ovei'^WBAA tonight from 6 to 6:30 o’clock. Soloists for the cantata were Marvin''Smith and Henry Amt, tenors; Charles Powell, Wallace Woodrow and James Chase, baritones^' and Donald Pyke and Joseph Shepherd, bases. Joanne Lloyd and George Osborn assisted at the piano and organ. d.t.b. FratemityOffice Elects 4 Junior Secretaries It was announced yesterday that of the fifty men who petitioned for Junior jobs at the Fraternity Affairs Office, the following selections have been made; Rex Mayfield, Beta Theta Pi;'Robert Burrows, Kappa Sigma; Robert Pearson, Alpha Tau Omega; and Paul Schnedler. Beta Sigma Psi. These four men will each head a committee of the newly formed organization, made up of sophomores who have reported for duty. The above officers will hold office until the end of May, when one of them will be selected as a senior officer for next year. At the same time, four new junior officers will be chosen from the ranks of the sophomores. Election of officers was made on a basis of interviews and petitions submitted to a board selected by'the Inter-Fraternity Presidents’ Coun-
cil. b.g.s.
Sigma Pi's
. . . and their dates will dance tonight from 7 to 1 o’clock to the music of Harry McCrady and his orchestra at the fraternity’s annual state dinner-dance in the Travertine Room of the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis.
. . . was named yesterday by the Prom committee as the “second band for Prom.” WBAA Will Broadcast Prom Preview Today On Campus Varieties “Promcast,” campus varieties show, will present an inside view of what to expect at this year’s prom at the WBAA audience studio in the Music Hall this afternoon from 3 to 4 o'clock. For one hour Larry Meyers and Betty Erick will introduce entertainers, including Woody Herman, Irv Given and his orchestra, who will take over for “Woody,” and Charley Powell and Janeth Dixon, specialty singers. A typical campus couple will give the listeners a preview of prom night. Others who will appear on the program are Bill Stewart, Ruth Bryant, and John Hobson. Charley Powell has appeared on several previous campus varieties programs. In addition to singing he also is adept on the piano. Janeth E^xon will make her first appearance on the radio this afternoon, although she has previously sung as a star in the musical show, “Sweethearts,” last spring. She will sing “Because of You” and “I Give Yon My Word” this afternoon and will accompany herself on the piano. WBAA officials have announced that no one will be admitted in the audience studio later than 2:45. The entrance to the studios is through the ground floor entrance behind the Executive Building, a.c.
Welcoming Address By Elliott Will Open YMCA Convention President E. C. Elliott will deliver the welcoming addreSs to the tenth annual state YMCA Young Men’s Conference Saturday evening, April 19, at the opening banquet in the Union building. The two-day convention sponsored by the.local Phalanx Club and the Lafayette YMCA will open Saturday mdming at 10 o’clock with registration in the YMCA building. Profs. Z. M. Smith, and M. F. Stigers, of the education and applied psychology department, C. Murphy, of the history, government and economics department, and G. H.,Graves, the the mathematics department, and Bob Parks, of the puttering shop, will lead discussion group meetings Saturday afternoon. At the close of the first day’s registration a tour of the University campus will be conducted for the delegates. Points of interest on the tour will be visits to the airport, Fieldhouse, armory. Hall of Music and the Memorial Union. Delegates are invited to the novel “Draft Dance” in the Union ballrooms after the banquet Saturday night. Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history, government and economics department, will speak at the closing exercises of the conference Sunday afternoon, April 20, at 1:30 o’clock. Over 150 delegates from every part of the state are expected to register for the meeting. d.t.b. Jane Blank Chosen Head Of Home Economics Club Jane Blank was chosen president of Virginia C. Meredith club,’Tiome economics organization, yesterday in the elections which were held from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. in the Home Economics building. Jane, a member of Alpha Xi Delta is a junior, and is ^majoring in dietetics. She was sent by the Virginia C. Meredith Club as a delegate to the home economics convention held last June in Cleveland. Other officers for next year are Mabel Vaughan, secretary; Sally Beal, treasurer; Mary Bailey and Marjory Williamson, senior representatives ; Doris Bower and Jeanne Anne Burkholder, junior representatives; and Elizabeth Baughman, sophomoie representative, a.c.
Walk Forces In Winning RunWilhTwoOutInNiniti By John Adamson Associate Sports Editor i Pinch - runner Mc4dani3 wanciered in with the winning run in the ninth inning of yesterday’s game to give the Boilermaker diamondmen a 5-4 win over Western Illinois State Teachers. McAdams replaced Leifheit, who had started the final frame with a single and walked home when Captain Dan Fisher eked a pass out of the visiting twirler with the bases loaded and two out. Today’s Game At 2 P. M. The • two teams will meet again this afternoon in the last of their two game series. The encoimter is scheduled to start at 2 o’clock on the Ross-Ade diamond. Neither team wasted much time in causing their opponents some anxious moments, but it wasn’t until the third inning that the Boilen- „ makers managed to open the ^coring with a pair of runs. Two walks kept the basepaths busy for the visitors in the first inning, while another set of walks and an error loaded the bases for the Riveters. Boilermakers Get Two Liefheit slashed out the first hit for the Riveters in the second, hut got no farther than first base. In the third, Janisch tripled to score McFerran from first, and continued home on a bad throw to the plate. The Macomb lads went ahead in the third when they combined two hits, a walk, and an error for a trio of runs. The Boilermakers didn’t waste much time in tying it up, however, for they immediately pushed across a tally on a single by Cook and Liefheit’s second hit, a double down the third base line. Ahead Again Janisch put the Riveters back in the lead in the fifth fnning when he was safe on a fielder’s choice, advanced on an infield out and scored on 2 very much-disputed balks. The visitors tied the score again in the seventh inning by putting three hits together, and just missed getting another tally when Carson’s perfect throw from the outfield nipped Lester at the plate. Then came the afore-mentioned victorious ninth.
W. St. Teachers Purdue
000 300 100—4 002 110 001—6
Exponent Sophomores and Juniors: All workers expecting to petition for junior and senior positions must sign list on bulletin board in office before tomorrow. —DONAHUE.
Town Churches Plan Easter Services
By Don Brophy Tomorrow is Easter Sunday. And as a toight sun rises in the early morning University men and co-eds will take their places in the Easter parade. Dressed in their new finery, they will join the march of the faculty and townspeople to services at the various churches as the steeple-bells ring out their joyous Alleluhias in honor of the risen Christ! Fair Weather Predicted With fair and warm weatker forecast for tomorrow we may really feel that spring is at last here and winter has definitely been exiled. Lent, too, will be at an end, and witji the coming of the Eastertide niany students who ordinarily do not attend church services will want to start out the new season by going to their favorite church, taking their place among the congregation and joining in the singing of the glad Pascal hymns.
These students will find that the churches of Lafayette and West Lafayette are planning to conduct some very beautiful and impressive services tomorrow. Three of the town churches will hold sunrise services at early morning hours. The Purdue Christian Foundation group will leave for services at Happy Hollow at 5:30 a. m. from 126 South Chauncey Avenue. The parishioners of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will meet at the parsonage, 140 South Grant Street, at 6;46 a. m. for services a few miles out of town on the Nortk River Road. The Methodist group will convene at the Foundation House at 4:60 a. m. for the 5:20 a. m. sunrise service on the hilltop behind the RossAde Stadium. The various church choirs will sing special Easter hymnal programs in keeping with the spirit of
the Pascal season. The Universi^ Presbyterian Church choir have arranged a special program of favorite Easter songs at the morning services. The Baptist. senior and junior choirs will also sing special numbers, and the Methodist choristers will leave the Foundation at 6 a. m. for caroling. St. John’s £tpisc<^gid Church and St. Mary’s Hmnan Catholic Church will include special hymns in the choir repetroires at the morning services. Breakfasts PIuummI - - Baptist and Mathodist ehuix^es are planning special Easter breakfasts for early chureh attenders, and the Rogers Williams dub of the Baptist church will prmtent a sperial E^ter play, “The Other Cross,” atN^ p. m. at the Cynthia Jones HaU. So come on out and get in tha “Easter parade.”
\
A
4^ ,
'•(Jilt j
, i-T ,
^ hfiapL2-£dltL
Saturday, AprU 12, 1941
lpjuJidu&. £xfwnanL /
r
iM.Froin All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
To Piuly N«ws Porclgn Service. Otnrri«)rt< Chkaco Dailr News, lae British expeditionary forces have gone into action against German panzer divisions on a northern front of about 60 miles, it was oflacially announced yesterday m Athens. The Nazi threat was said to be the greatest near the juncture of Albania, Greece and Yugoslavia, e * ♦ Soutliem Serbia Taken—Nasi The last ^roup of the Yugoslav Army still capable of fighting has been smashed in southern Serbia, the Berlin high command asserted yesterday. An advance on Belgrade was said to be progressing. * * * Hungary Invades Yugoslavia Four months after the signing of a treaty of perpetual friendship, Hnngarian troops invaded Yugoslavia yesterday, between the Danube and Tisza rivers. Adm. Horthy said, “This action is not directed against the Serb people.” * * ♦ Roosevelt's Policy Attacked The controlled press in Berlin, radioed David M. Nichol yesterday, “gibed more and more openly at the United States and said that President Roosevelt’s policy is a 'gigantic betrayal’.” :(i Nc * Demand Treaty Discussion “A group of French senators, bold enough to offer resistance to any automatic cession of colonial territory, has demanded parliamentary discussion of the scheduled treaty with Thailand,” radioed Paul Ghali from Vichy yesterday. * ♦ * Coventry, Birmingham Bombed “For the second time in three
Mary Johnston Receives 3-Year Music Scholarship Miss Mary Johnston, daughter of T. R. Johnson, director of the University publicity bureau, will begin a three-year scholarship in vocal training at the Curtis School of Music in Philadelphia in October, following her graduation from DePauw University, it was announced yesterday. Miss Johnston, a junior in the University School of Science last year, has been studying voice in this, her senior year, at DePauw. Numbered among the graduates of the Curtis School of Music are Marian Anderson, n^gress contralto who appeared here at Thursday night’s convocation, and Helen Jepson, Metropolitan soprano. Former Staff Member Accepts New Position Dr. Herman J. Nimitz, a member of the University agricultural chemistry department from 1917 to 1921, has been appointed superintendent and associate medical director of the Hamilton County, 0., Tuberculosis Hospital. In 1921, Dr. Nimitz took a position with the Ubika Milling Co., Cincinnati, O. While in Cincinnati he became interested in medicine and started to study at the Cincinnati University evening school. Following this he served as intern and then took up practice in one of the city’s suburbs, e.j.k.
nights Coventry and Birmingham weie pounded by German bombers last night,” radioed William H. Stoneman yesterday. Two German battleships in the harbor at Brest were among targets of British flyers Thursday night.
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY —
— AND —
GIRL IN 513 FLORENCE RICE KENT TAYLOR LIONEL ATWILL Koiharim ALDRIDGE
ALSO-
WINNERS OF THE WEST Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
-SUNDAY - MONDAY— BOYS FROM SYRACUSE MISBEHAVING HUSBANDS SELECTED SHORT
LAST DAY — 2 HITS
WILLIAM BOYD in "BORDER VIGILANTS" — ALSO — WILLIAMT LUNDIGAN RICARDO CORTEZ IN 'A SHOT IN THE DARK'
Never has the screen offered so much! The all-time^ best-seiling adventure story... brought to life by fiimdom’s three most dynamic stars...in a woy yov'H never forgetl
Thei
The Ratio— 3.93 I • • to 1
Just about a week ago we were “griping” about the weather being too cold and wet,^nd now that it’s warm, we’ve already heard some “griping” that it’s too hot to wdric. Guess there’s just no satisfying people. Well, how about some pins just to start tilings off! John Zuck and Chi 0 Betty Jacobsen have gone and done it. In fact it has been done for quite some time, but no one knew about it until Betty was initiated'. Sigma Chi Paul Zimmerman put his jewelry on Jean Yahres lately, too, and also we hear that there’s a little underhanded business being carried on by “Petey” Bartell. Maybe we should say “under-dress business,” because that’s where she’s wearing a Phi Gam pin from Indiana. Ashamed of it, “Petey”? One more. Pi Phi Jean Thuerk has been pinned by Pi Kappa Phi Bob Horne. Sylvia Pittman is doing her best to confuse people these days- She swears up and down that she is not going steady with Burkholder, and everybody knows that she dates nobody else on Saturday and Sunday nights. Well, that may not be going steady, but she sure isn’t giving anybody else much of a chance. By the way, Carl Tafel of the Phi Belt boys actually broke down the other day and sent Dottie Ann Canfield a corsage when she was recently initiated into the sisterhood of Kappa Kappa Gamma. For an old bachelor likd Carl, that’s an announcement of some sort. What be it, Carl ? The Phi Psis are up to it again. This time they started using wire brushes oil themselves just before vacation started so that they could leave early, supposedly suffering from the measles. Pretty smart, but some day Doc Miller’s going to catch on to you guys. Hear tell that the Beta pledges were up against it during the bridge tournament. Seems as though “Swing Master” Crow was m the thing so he had all the pledges over running around with cokes and stuff. Still can’t understand why he didn’t have them keeping score.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
louho May Alcott’* Noval, with KAY FRANCIS JACK OAKIE GEORGE BANCROFT Jimmy Lydon • Ann GUIIs ChariDs Esmond and
— TODAY — QUEEN OF DESTINY PLUS
UP IN THE AIR
The g^th Colnnm
Berlin’s beer hall baron demobilized the Dutch Boy Scouts. Which Would indicate that the Nazis consider Dan Beard’s boys a military menace. If they’ve got the right slant on things, we may soon see . .. Little Johnny at the draft board. , III 4i And while Hitlef banishes boy scouts in Holland, the Axis armies are having trouble coming together in Gfeece. Nazis whip Greeks. Greeks rout Italians. It looks as though things may end with the Men of Greece retreating . . . " Right into Italy.
And the'ltalians will vacation 0 0 *
On the Riviera.
The luftwaffe has taken another crack at Coventry. Adolph is apparently dissatisfied with non aryan parables. Nazis don’t carry coal to Newcastle. Instead they. , . Carry bombs to Coventry. 4i Ht And on our west coast we find the Japs altering and redefining their diplomatic policy for the 12th time. They now speak of their movements as “purely economic and peaceful.” However, if they happen to find a small piece of land that needs protection or liberation, they will take care of the matter. It’s what they call... The yellow man’s burden. * * * The Nipponese are carrying this peace pantomime to great ends. Nowadays they paint their battleships a dove *gray and design them to transport heavy cargo . . . At long range and high velocity.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second «lau matter at the pMt ottiao in lAtayette, Indiana, uhder'ibe act of CongfesS At Uareh S, 1879, and at the apemi rdte of postage provMed tor in section 1108, aot of Oetofaer 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular acadeude year and weekly during the Summer Stsssion. Delivered locally by carri» for |8,09 per yem^, mall sub-
■' - fTpr
SCription, $8.60. Editor-in-Chief.... Business Manager.
R. W. Donahne Moris HsgSmSyer
Publication Staff News Editor . J, H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Bhiple 'Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell,*L- W. Ruffner, R, M. Skallorup, J, L. TraT^ott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Iianders; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor. ... _ _ _. ... Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor „ J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. — ' Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertuing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue^^ Night Editor: Hadley Day Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Purcell Night Sports Editor: Adamson Workers: D. P. Brophy, J. H. Armstrong, O. A- AUnnsop, £. G. Kieper, H. G. deBruyn, B G. Smith, V. C. Barson, A. L. Chatfield, W. N. Wendel, S. G. Peterson, H. T. Wallace, E. C. Young, D. W Meier.
That man in the White House opened the Red Sea to our ships today. Harking back to the neutrality act, he apparently considers Great Britain no longer a heligerent. From now on, the affair in Greece wip be officially referred to as . . . Maneuvers.—^rms
They might have done a little better. Bob Strause over at Cary Hall, tqok it “on the chin” the other day. Seems as though his girl goes to Stevens and he had his girl goes to Stevens and he had invited her down for a dance or something. Well, anyhow, the other day he receives a collect telegram from Stevens which read something like this: HAVING A FINE TIME STOP GLAD YOU ARE NOT HERE. Signed, MARGIE AND BILL, Well! Gree/i Potters Plan Second Hop Of Year Plans for the second Green Potters Dance will be formed Tuesday, April 15, at 4:30, in room 304 of the Union. Delegate^gfrom each fraternity, sorority and Cary Hall, WRH and PIA will be at the meeting. Tentative plans set the date for Saturday, April 26.
Starts TOMORROW
NEW “BOYS TOWN” HIT!
« 2 years after famed "Boys Town"...comes its heart-thrilling encore! The same great stars...in still greater performances 1
niMtCB __ MICKIV Timer roRet
9
tOYlTOWN
Bobs WATSON , 9(91(1 LAST TIMES TOPAY — mmm mm
Letter To The Editor: Questioning University Convocations . . . Dear Editor; I have been told that the University convocations were designed to stimulate student interest along certain cultural lines. If this is their purpose, I feel that the convocations are being a partial failure, because I believe that the apparent in-' ferest that the students show is not altogether sincere. I realize and appreciate the fact that the convocation committee brings the very best of talent to this campus to pre^nt at the convocations, but I feel that they hold too much to certain lines—symphony, contralto, baritone, duo-pianists, etc. Why is it that so many students leave the Music Hall before a program is over? It surely isn’t because the students are bored —or is it? If the convocations are for students as much as faculty, why isn’t the student body permitted to select by ballot at least one program for the-coniing year ? It may be in the form of an offcampus play; it may be some national radio program; it may be a good dance band, but I feel that the students would show a real and sincere interest in the program that they had selected to be put on the stage.. I am not writing this' letter as destructive criticism. I think that we should be proud that we have heard the notables that have been on the stage of the Music Hall, but I, as one student remarked, believe that the convocation committee is leaning too much to “high-brow” music. I wish to further point out that this is not a reflection on the Marian Anderson program, it is to be considered as a general criticism. Perhaps I am wrong about the entire matter. If I am, I would like to know about it, but if I am correct, I think steps should be taken to increase the variety of convocations and to determine student interest. ^ Sincerely yours, HENRY MANGUS. Sleuth Discovers Real Objective Of Sinister Drillers On Campus
^ S. G. Petersgh No, it’s not a new buildingan outdoor swimming pool or a garden project, in case you’ve been wondering what’s going on over by the Home Ec building. In order to make the grass on our campus^ on golf courses and elsewhere to ^ow in a more pleasing way, the greens section of the U. S. Golf association in co-operation with the Agricultural Experiment Station and the University maintenance crew is conducting a fertilizer experiment on the bluegrass east of the Home Ec building. ‘ What Makes Grass Green According ta Joe Steckel at ihe Experiment Station, twelve tests are to be made with and without limestone apd with organic and inorganic sources of Nitrogen, Phosphoric Acid and Potash. This is one of the four tests of this kind to be made in Indiana and one of fifty to be made in the nation. Six hundred pounds of fertilizer pbr each acre of campus sod is responsible for the
luxuriant growth of grass we now have. Nor were they watering the elm trees along the Mall by Fowler Hall about a month agp with air drills. Instead of being an air compressor 01 welding machine as some may have thought, the machine in question was a force feed fertilizer drill used to force 260 pounds of special fertilizer per,tree with water at a pressure of 400 pounds, 18 inches down to the feed roots. The reason for doing this, according to Wm. Graber, campus fpreman, is to prevent the falling of leaves which has occurred the past few years in late summer due to dry weather and root starvation. These activities areliattwo of the outwarji glimpses the public gets of the work being done by the men of whom one hears very little— the men responsible for much of our progress ahd modern ease of living —the research men of the Government and private industry. We say, ‘hats off to them for their untiring work!’IrUhnai’s
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
, To(3ay there are four happy men on this campus — they are the coaches of minor sports who have been almost given a pass-port to heaven by the SAA vote yesterday making their activity a major letter puitiit. Purdue can nhw place her sp'^called little sports on an equal footing with other conference and country schools in swimming, cross cpuntry, tennis, and wrestling. Latry LaBree is especially happy. Larry-has been here five times as long as the other coaches benelited by yesterday’s vote, and during all that tinie, he has stuck to his fight to make tennis and others a major sppit. Today he wears the smile of a man who has accomplished a task that took an abundance of grit and disappointment and face, but the tpugber the task—the greater the enjoyment after that job is completed. ' —i-i— . ■ Congratulations, “minor sport” athlei^ and coaches, and thanks, Piirdue students. ■ —LI—■■ ■ Diuring the baseball game yesterday, played again under ideal midsummer coniiitibns, we spent five inning talking baseball with Dr. Elliott, and believes you me, our presi^frit really knows his baseball. The Squeeze play and pitcher’s balk so emphatically displayed during the afternoon was no mystery to prexyv
Personnel Notes
Please consult bulletin boards in the schools for further, information. COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS WEEK OF APRIL 14, 194L Union Switch and Signal Co., Swissyale, Pa- April 15, 1941. EE. American Viscose Corpbratioi^ Wilmington, Delaware. April 15 and 16, i941. Sr. ChE, EE, ME, Chemists.- V ■ ■■ - . American Machine and Foundry Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. April 18, 1941. ME.
In Intra-
Battles Black today Tennis Team
For Season'
If the weather man is as nice today as he has been the past few days, the Boilerinakers will hold a little pigskin preview •this afternoon in the nature of an intra-squad game. Such a game was supposed to have been reeled off last Saturday before the eyes Of some 300 assembled coaches, l)ut rain and wet grounds stymied the affair. In view of the fact that jthe baseball game will be on at the same time, no large turnout is expected. New .Rules _—, , •
COMPANIES NOT VISITING CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MEN THROUGH T H E PERSONNEL OFFICE. Agfa Ansco, Binghamton,'New •York. Seniors. Chem., Physics,, Ch E;: Banner - Wbitehill, Indianapolis, Indiana. Science Seniors. B'endix Products Div., Bendix Aviation Corp., Soilth Bend, Ind. Eng. and Sci. ,
New rules for 1941 will be in effect as the Gold and Black'elevens come to ,grips. One of the most important of these is the one which permits handing the ball forward in the backfield. This is of special significance on spinner plays, which play a large part in the Riveters’ Notre Dame style of attack. In yesterday’s practice, a good deal of time was spent on passing plays, with Tony Berto and Bryan Brock doing a major share of the throwing. Guards and centers practiced and checked their blocking assignments, especially against the submarining tactics of opposing
guards.
Lots of Backs Because of an unusually large number of good backfield meh. Coach Mai Elward is having difliculty in selecting his first string unit, Some shifting is going on and the problem will probably not .be settled until September. The line will need some attention because of the loss of such men as Axton, A1 Rossi, Neff, Rankin and others. Several fine freshmen prospects are on hand, ihcluding Stoelting and Johnson,'centers, French, a huge tackle, and many more. Parade of Subs? Elward will probably use as many men as he can profitably do so in an attempt to observe the bulk of the squad under game conditions. This Wifi be a regulation 60-minute game and the kick-off is at, 2:30 o’clock, e.c.y. Foundation Plans'Surprise' Dance Saturday, April 19 The Purdue Christian Foundation will hold a dance Saturday, April / 19, in the faculty lounge of the Union from 9:30 to 12 o’clock. The dance is being sponsored by the foundation as its major activity for the month. Manitowoc Ship Bldg. Co., Mdnitowoc, Wisconsin. ME. Shaw -Walker Co., Musfiegon, Mich. All seniors. Sperry Gyroscope Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. MEandEE. Trojan Powder Co., Allentown, Pa. Grads, and Srs. ChE and Chemistry. ' ■ 1 '■
WAANews By Virginia Barson
We have been wondering if the eds ever read this column. 1 hope they do because here is something that may interest them as well as the co-eds. WAA is offering a Camp Craft course for both girls and fellows. They have been meeting every Tuesday from 4 till 6 at the Intramural Field. The purpose is to train students who are interested in the, ways of camping and at the same time meet new people and have two hours of real enjoyment. Come bn out and join the fun. Girls have been going over in slacks and overalls. The campers build a fire and cook their own supper. If you come once, you won’t want to ever be left out. —waa— Everyone likes to play baseball. When the weather is warm we all like to be outdoors. Here’s a chance . to get your sorority, ward or hall friends out in the air having a swell time—^form a baseball team. Practices are being held every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Tell your friends. Sign up now., -waa-— Ping pong semi-finals should be played as soon as possible. Get in contact with your opponent now. - —i-waa— ■ Tennis mixed doubles are starting. Get a partner and go down to the gym and sign up. Three practices are required for WAA points. Professor Buxton . . . of the Engineering Extension Department, talked to the Rotary Club , at Washington Thursday on “Is There to be a New Social Economic Order. in America ?^’ Professor Buxton is conducting training courses for railroads, factories, and mines in many Indiana cities.
After months of conditioning and practice under the Pieldhouse roof, the .tennis team is at last coming into its own element. The favorable weather of the past few days has made it possible for Coach Larry LaBfee’s charges to get out and find the range: of the opposition’s court in their natufal environment. Its first encounter with an outside foe less than a week and a half away, the net corps is doing all it can to polish both its offensive qrirt and its defense. First meet scheduled for the present season is to be played at Greencastle, Inddiana against the DePauAV raqueteers on April 22. ' Counting rather strongly on three returning lettermen. Coach LaBree is building the remainder of his team frQm sophomorfe material. Captain Bob Anderson will probably see action in the number one spot, Ray Leucht and Fred Rich;ards are the other t^o Veterans returning to the court battles again this year. Dick Stettner and Gus Armstrong, bofh of whom are neophytes as far as varsity competition is concerned are also quite Certain of berths on the 1941 team, Two other first year varsity-men who are in the fight Yor positions are Bill Van Camp and H. Vaughn. Several other lads also have prospects of seeing action before the season closes, but at present Mentor LaBree believes the above mentioned men are the ones most likely to make things really hot for the Gold and Black net adversaries. Six Big, Ten matches mixed ; in .with eight non-conference clashes should keep the Riveter netterff very much on the go this spring. Although the season is yet to see its opening smash, it seems likely that the Boilermaker net squad will finish the year in a better position than they found themselves last year. ' TENNIS SCHEDULE FOR 1941 April 22-r-DePauw. there April 26—111. State Normal, there April 26—-Illinois, here April. 30—-Irid. St. Teachers, there May 4—Butler, here May 2—Ball State, here May 6^—Michigan, there May 6—Michigan State, there May 9—=411inois Tech., here , ' May 10—Iowa, here May 16—Ohio State, there May 16—Indiana, there May 17—Earlham, there__ May 19—Chicago, there May 22-24-—State Meet at Earlham May 29-3J—Big Ten Meet at Chicago
Little Brown Jug Victory Tropfty Goes To Winner Of Today*s Meet Michigan State’s Spartans and their supporters will this afternoon get a chance to see Coach Hermon Phillips unveil the -Riveters’ 1941 outdoor cinder team, as well as their own, as the two squads clash at East Lansing at 2 o’clock. The Riveters vdll be seeking to prove that last year’s 69-53 success, the first over the Spartans in three years, was no fluke by administering a second dose of the same medicine. This will mark the fourth consecutive year that the two rivals have met on the cinders. Jug' At 'Stake ' , . '' '
Also at stake is the Little Browh Jug, now in possession of the Boilermakers. This trophy, somewhat similar to the one which Michigan and Minnesota battle each other for on the gridiron each fall, symbolizes the success of the victors each year. As was the cage during the indoor season, the Riveters are counting heavily on such proven performers as Dave Rankin, Ed Holderman, the team’s captain, and big Jake Weber, Rankin is slated to appear in the shot put and discus events in addition to his main forte, the hurdles. Holderman In Mile Weber will compete in his specialty, the shot put, and Holderman is entered in the mile. Bob Jarvis may accompany him on this grind, I M Scli«diiles BASEBALL Monday, April 14 Diamond 1. Ward 2 vs Ward 28 2. . Wfird 27 vs Ward 1 3. Ward 26 vs Ward 6 4. Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 1 6. Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 2 6. Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 9 7. Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 3 8. Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 13 9. Cary Hall 12. vs Cary Hall 4 10. Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 14
Jarvis also, being entered in 'the half, mile run. Bancker and Gaulke are entered in both of the dashes and "Burt Anthony will be the chief threat of the invaders in the 440 yard event. High, jumpers Anderson and MacEachern are expecting plenty of trouble from the Spartans’ Arrington, who, it is said,-jumps in the neighborhood of 6 ft. 4 in. This fellow is also a troublemaker in the broad jump, in which event he has a habit of leaping 24 ft. Such tactics would probably earn this lad a brace of first places. Last year he did just that, but it failed to disturb the Riveters. Beyond Arrington, the strength of the Michigan State i^m is not very well known. However, they have consistently come up with good track teams in the'past and there is no reason to Believe that this year is the exception. He May Remember Perhaps Rankin will decide to gain some measure of revenge for the discomfort he experienced here a few months back. "V^le performing’ at end for Mai Elward’s grjdders, AlLAmerican Dave received a broken nose. To make matters worse, the Boilermakers lost the game, which was bitterly foughtTime wifi telL e.c.y.
dancing classes open STUDENTS AND CO-EDS— ENROLL NOW BEGINNER'S APRIL 16fli 7 :30 P M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS— ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANGIP CLASS APRIL 17th, 7:30 P. M, INDIANA'S largest DANCING SCHOOL P. M.X AtLEN. NATIONALLY KNOWN lh|ST^MCTO|| 6th & Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Schrafft's Easter Candies SPECIAL EAStER BRICK ICE CREAM ^ RABBIT CENTER 39c Headquarters—Model Airplanes Fre^ Parking in Rear Free Delivery
“Next to Post Office N. J. Arth’37 D. N. Hanscll’37 305 Statf) Street phone 4094
Men’s Shop
Street Floor
Easter Dinner Easter Diniier Easter Dinner
• The ° Union Cafeteria • 'The Union Cafeteria • The Union CafWeria •' The Union Cafeteria
ThePurdue Mernorkd Union The Corner of the Compos— Yet the Center of College Activities
• Union Cafett^^ • The Union C^eteiia • The Union Cafeteria • The Union Caf^erla
Easter Dinner Easter Dinner Easter Dinner
.
' ; 'Jri ^ r'-M#1 = -‘K, “ • ^ t ’ ''“''i. '
fia^ - "SonsJuxL
Saturday, April 12, 1941
life
fijuhdwL SxpoimiL V
T/iree Represent University At All Women Conference
Irene Feldt, director of placement for women, Ann Sickman, head resident of the Women’s Residence Halls, and Polly Zwierlein, president of WSGA, have been invited to attend the All-Women Conference at Indiana University next Monday and Tuesday, April 14 and 15. Approximately 25 alumnae and friends of the University will attend the conference 'as friends of the University. The conference has been arranged for the university women in order to assist them in pl-eparing for their careers after leaving college. “Feminine Frontiers” is the theme for this year’s conference. The principal speaker will be Dr.
Mary Ritter Beard, prominent in woman and labor movements. Dr. Beard will speak in the new auditorium Monday evening following the dinner for 400 senior co-eds. The visiting alumnae, friends and speakers will be guests at the dinner held in Alumni Hall. Speakers Tuesday will include Mrs. Davis B. McCarn, counselor for Women at Northwestern University, and Dr. Isabel King Wallace, vocational and placement officer for women at the University of Rochester. Miss June Brown of Indianapolis and Miss Rachel Stoner of'Tipton will be co-ed h,ostesses for the Purdue women while on the Indiana campus, v.m.b.
WOODY HERMAN
and His Orchestra —on
DECCA RECORDS
3693 Everything Happens to Me Sleepy Serenade
3643 Blue Flame Fur Trapper's Ball 3630 Sorrento Oh Look at Me Now
OS
EM
3617 Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy Bounce Me Brother with a solid Four
3461 Dream Valley Whatever Happened to You?
3501 Blues on Parade Peach Tree Street
3577 Chips' Boogie Woogie Chips' Blues
3500 Calliope Blues Dupree Blues
3g44 I Should Have Known You Years Ago The Stars Remain
3272 Herman at the Sherman Jukin'
3528 You're the One Love of My Life
2629 Dallas Blues River Red Blues
the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
DEAC'S
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
If It's Hardware W6 Have~lt
Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH
Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
• Tailor
Keys and Locks Kaws for tninks, door locks, ntaht lalehei and pMOcks, Auto keys a spedajty* Bicycles, accessed and repriring. MULHAUPrS S0..1I iLsniSc.
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building
SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Daily Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phone 46214
President E. C. Elliott To Preside At Annual Literary Dinner May 1
WBAA Men Receive
/
Commercial Posts
Joein ’ ^Round By Peggy Howard
Alice Miller, Anii Pierce, Janet Morehouse, Bill Fall, Seymour Udell, Harold^^ Roderberg, I,arry Myers and Mack White. —LULU.
At the fourteenth annual Liter-
ary Banquet to be held Thursday, May 1, at 6:30 p. m. in the Union
A student mathematician announces there are 305,259% bricks on the outside of the seminary building at Mount Angel college.
ballroom, awards will be made for the winning literary works submitted by University students. President E. C. Elliott will preside and the main speaker of the evening will be Mary Ellen Chase, professor of English at Smith college. As in previous years the following awards will be presented: the George Ade Cup for the best play, the David E. Ross Cup for the best poems, the H. G. Reisner Cup for the best short story, the Governor Townsend cup for the best informal essay, the English department prize for the second best essay, the Dean Ehders’ prizes for essays on science, the Hockema - Stewart prizes for historical essays, the Merriam Webster Company dictionary prizes for the freshman vocabulary contest, and the Winterrowd prizes for book collections. All students are eligible to compete for these prizes by April 25. A student may enter as many manuscripts as he wishes. Tickets for the banquet will be seventy-five cents. Professor Paul Fatout, of the English department, is in charge of the banquet. Tickets will be mailed if order blanks are filled out and sent in to Prof. Fatout in University Hall. v.b.
Several students who worked at the WBAA studios while they were in school have accepted commercial radio positions recently. Mai Ross and John DeYoung have left school to join the staff-of WKMO, new Kokomo radio station. Dick Pittenger has gone to Champaign, HI., to join the WDWS staff where he succeeds Hank Miller who was employed there last year. Delbert Greenwood left in February to join the WDAN staff at Danville, 111. a.c.
_ Purdue Chrietiaki Foundation: For dance tickets see either Jean Steigerwald, Wanda Harbaugh, Henry Mangus, or William Hudson. (4-16) —HUDSON.
Playshop Will Present Last Drama April 16-19
University Offers Course In Sodoiogy For Farmers
In order to meet the demands of farm leaders throughout the state, the University will offer a three week course this summer on “Sociology for Agricultural Extension Workers.” The course is to be given June 16 to July 5 under the direction of Di’. Lowry Nelson, pi’ofessor of sociology 'at the University of Min--nesota. All students passing this course may apply three credit hours toward advanced degrees, b.l.w.
Wednesday night the curtain will go up on Ian Hay’s “Bachelor Born” when it will be presented by Playshop at 7:30 o’clock. Run for the production will continue through Saturday. This purposeful comedy deals with difficult situations which arise after an elderly woman and three girls move in on a boys’ school. The school is definitely against any fiiendships between the students and the invaders but all opposition is to little avail. The director, William L. Deam, termed the three feminine characters “brats” which indicates the type of part they play. The cast is made up of^seasoned players and new talent, bringing together some new combinations and sharp contrasts. “Bachelor Born” has been given on London and New York stages and well received on both, running for 663 consecutive performances in London. A special Mothers’ Day presentation will be given on May 10. As usual, student coupons may be exchanged for reserved seats for this performance. The curtain will go up at 7:30 o’clock on Wednesday and Thursday nights and at 8 o’clock on Friday and Saturday nights. The box office in Fowler Hall is still open for direct exchange of coupons for reserved seat tickets. m.j.f.
Yes sirree. We’ve got the problem all solved. Due to the war situjition the price on eggs has increased alarmingly in some vicinities. But we’ve got a plan. Which is better than Townsend’s. Our plan is twofold. First, we’d advocate a mass production of Easter Bunnies, Then they could bring more Easter eggs. (How should we know where they get them. What do you think this is . , . “Information, Please”) With more bunnies bringing more eggs, the Roosevelts could invite more children to their annual egg rolling on the White House lawn. This would take care of distribution, because a law would be passed against eating them at the White House. (Anyway the shells clutter up the lawn; and besides look what shells have done to Windsor castle.) But if this wasn’t effective enough, our second proposal would cinch it. We’d pay Bob Hope and Jack Benny a bonus for an increase in egg-laying; each week.
Scriveners: Meeting; Sunday, April 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Guests coming;. —REIGEL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7 rSO p. m. in room 306 of the Union, —BURROUGHS.
Triton Club: There will be a meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:16 p." m. in the women’s pool. All members should attend. —ROSENCRANS.
Model Airplane Committee: There will be a meeting Monday, April 16, at 4:16 p. m. in the Union office. This includes B. I^wis, C. Lewis, Nelson, Cosset, ArtMt, Bauer. Conboy, Hess, Herrman, L. Johnson, Mellon, Murray, Peel, Phillips, Purman, Stpelting, Wallace, Lefevre and Sperlik. —KNIGHT.
UndergVadnate Dames: Formal initiation dinner at The Larches Tuesday, April 16, at 7 p. m. Initiation will follow dinner in room 307 of the Union. —GERSTUND.
WAA: Baseball practice Monday, April 14: Wednesday, April 16, and Friday, April 18. These are final practices. The intramural schedule will be posted next week. Come out and support your team! —COOPER.
Exponent Staff: Sophomores and juniors check the list on the bulletin hoard in the office, if you intend to petition for a job. —BLACi;; DAN.
All Cheer Leaders: Turn in your uniforms Wednesday, April 16, at 4 p. m., in room 166 df the Fieldhouse. Be there! —ZUCK.
Classified Ads
ME 31 C’s and I’s Make-up: Final fdr C and I grades in any division of ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering Building. —KEMLER.
Senior Milita^ Students: Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appointment to have pictures taken. > ' 4-19 —JOHNSON
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. Ail makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. B^jershoff, 606 Main St Phone, 2779.
Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Petitions for sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau are due on the 16th. Any questions you have, see me. —WALLY.
Radio Club Members: Order your membership pin by paying deposit at meeting Tuesday, April 16. FRAED.
Far Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Lost: Bulova wrist watch in Ghem Annex. Call 2604.
Radio Club: Meetiug Tuesday, April 16, at 7:80 p. m. iu room 184 EE building. M. T. Reynolds will give a demonstration lecture on “Simplified Field Streng^ Measurement for the Amateur.” A radio equipment exchange will also be held. —FREED.
Notices
Catalyst Actives and Pledges: Formal initiation will be Wednesday, April 16, at 7:16 p. m. at the Chem and Met Building. Sign up for the party in Dr. Lovell’s office before Tuesday boon. —BBRGSTEDT.
Writers Groupc Meet in room 304 instead of room 212 of the Union Monday, April 14. —TILFORD.
Intramural Baseball: Anyone in Ward 18 desiring to play baseball call 66168 and leave your name. —OLDS.
Stage-Stump-Studio Committee: Will the following people meet in room 101 of the University Hall on Saturday, April 12, at 6 p. m.: Charlotte i Finney, Joyce Burnham, Betty Erick, Jean Fassnacht, Mary
Purdue Christian Fund: Sunrise Service and breakfast at Happy Hollow Easter morning. Meet at 126 Chauncey at 6:30 a. m. If you are not signed up and want to go, call Dick Smith at 61191 or 4398. —SMITH.
Your New Spring Clothes will stay attractive if, you use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
C L O T H
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will irfeet Saturday, April 12, by schools as follows: students whose names begin with A-E, room 129, Electrical building; F-K, room 261, Civil building: L-R, room 161, Michael ' Golden Shops; S-Z, room 264, Electrical building. —KNAPP.
Newman Club: Meeting of the executive committee and the chabel committee Tuesday, April 14, at 4 p. m. in room 302 of the linion. ^ , —LUERS.
Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation will be held at 6 p. m. on Thursday, April 16, in room 365 of the Union. Banquet will be in room 368 at 6 :36 p. m. Prof. Murphy of the history department will speak. Actives, alumni, and honorary members welcome. Make reservations with Ruth Swickard. —NORQUEST.
Life Saving Corps: Meeting at 6 p. m. Monday, April 13 , —GOURLEY.
CE 12 Conditions: Tepts for removal of C’s in Highway Construction will be held Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 266 of the Civil Building. —PETTY.
WAA Tennis: There will be tennis instruction every Wednesday and Friday at 4 P* m. for all interested. Virginia Baxter will coach. Those wishing. to be in 4;he tournament must sign up by Monday April 14. —MOFFITT.
Skull and Crescent Pledges and Actives: Meet on 66-yard line in Stadium Monday, April 14, at 8 p. mr Bring flashlight, paddle, notebook and pencil. —SAYLES.
In the SPRING
a
Man’s Fancy
lightly turns to other things besides, BOOKS. Before starting on your Easter week-end trip bring your car around and let us-give it a thorough Spring Check-up.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Come First
P r' <
r
r