1^
4P;f ft ^
' ^
.'i-! ^'i^^iV''-'"*'^ ■ '■ -<i^^'r ‘ ‘ ' ' ' ’ ' . ' , / ’ ' ‘
1 -V4. ' ?-p,.
.,';} r' ■,
M4rry<Go*Round Tells Of Congressional Fight ' For Alaskan Bases
Established 1889
xpxmem. f Daily Since 1906
Girtn, Where There^, Smoke There's fire; See Today's Editonat,
Volume 53, No. 130
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, February 23, 1$MI2
Boilermakers To Play Hawks On Iowa City Court Tonight
Chapman, Sprowl Will Hold Personal High Scoring Duel
Sprowl Forward ttilcy Forward Menke Center . Polk Guard .. Blankcn (C) Guard .
Hill - - .Chapman Kuhl Siegel (Co-C) Ilarsha
. By Ted Clark
' Iowa’s improved basketball team will entertain the Boilermakers at Iowa City tonight in an attempt to overhaul the visitoj's and break the existing tie of eight wins and four losses which couples the two teams with Minnesota and Indiana in second place. The
game will pit the highest scoring team in the conference against the best defensive
quintet, the Riveters.
Anothpr highlight of tho battle should be the personal scoring duel between Pi’osty Sprowl and Tom Chapman, high scoring enemy forwards. Howc^^cr, the leg Fro.sty pijurcd against Northwcstern’.s beef trust Monday night at Evanston is still troubling tlie senior set' shot artist enough to make it que.stionablc that he will be able to stay in the lineup for a full game.
Frosty Follows Kotz
Sbi'owl is second to John Kotz in the Big Ten basket making department with 155 points, followed by Otto Graham with 154 and
Chapman with 151.
Boilcrmaker-IIawkeyc games rilWays seem to be of tlie breatliIqkiing variety, as witness tlie 4544 hair raiser the Riveters pulled out‘Of the fire here three weeks ago and ,lhe 62-49 overtime battle that leggy’s lads won at Iowa City last
year.
Should Be Close Good ^i‘due teams liave always had troui)le beating mediocre or poor Iowa teams on tho latter’s
court.
Freshman Engineers Will Rate Instructors In Student Senate Poll Student Senate will conduct a student reaction study of instructors of freshmen mathematics, English, chemistry and drawing in the freshman engineering lecture in Fowler Hall this morning at 8. The study will be in the form of a secret ballot. Each freshman engineering student will fill out one ballot for each of his instructors. The results will be’tabulated and the instructors will be given a summary
of the results.
Tlie students will be a.sko(l questions about the presentation of lectures, discipline, method of testing and the use of class discussion. Two of the questions arc “Does his leaching inspire you with a desire to work hard?” and “Would you aelvisc another student to .schedule this instructor in this course?” A place on the ballot is also provided
for comments.
According to Prof. F. C. Ilockc-
' Following the game with Coach ma, assistant to the president, these Bollie Williams’ team the rambling studies help to build up good teachBoilermakers will adjourn to Ann ing in the University. Confejcnces Arboi', Michigan, Monday evening arc lield with the teachci-s who are for a game with the Wolverines, rated low by the students so that \yhom they defeated 36-18 earlier they may profit from the criticism, in the season. Center Jim Mandlcr This is the first of a series of ))erwill be the major Michigan threat iodical tests to improve the i|ualit.v
New Band Will Play For Mixer Tonight In South Ballroom Campus Commanders Feature Pete Candoli Featuring the “Campus Commandei’s,” the regular weekly mixer will be held in the South Union Ballroom tonight from 8:30 to
11:30.
The “Campus Commanders” i.s a newly reorganized hand which formerly was under the direction of Paul Reedy. Featured with tho orchestra this week will be Pete Can-
Pctc Candoli
(See HAWKEYES on Page 3) Editors Will Speak To SDX At Initiation Ceremony Tonight Dave Tliompson, editoi’ of the Prairie Farmer, and .1. R. Benham, editor of the Terre Haute Star, will .speak tonight at an open meeting of the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity. The meeting, scheduled for 7:15, will be hehl in the old Chestnut Room in the Union and will be open to all students and faculty
members.
Trie meeting will be preceded by an initiation ceremony at which Thompson and Benham will become profcastotiftl'members of the campus chapter of Sigma Delta Chi. The meeting will follow a dinner to bo attended by members of the
chapter.
Both speakers are well known in midwest journalistic circles. Thompson, ns editor of one of tlie nations leading farm journals will speak on agricultural journalism. Bepham, who in addition to being editor of the Star, was recently reelected President of the Indiana Associated Press, will talk on the effect of the war, on the city daily. J. L. Bray To Speak On 'South America' “South America” will be tlie subject of a talk given by Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, for tho Sunday Evening club of the University Church tomorrow. The talk will follow a supper which will be served at 6 p. m. The meeting is open to the public. Bray will discuss South America, as he has known its people during some years spent in the practice of liLs profession in various paits of that country. “
of instruction. Similar tests have been given in tlie applied mechanics department last month and in tho Pharmacy School for the last two
years.
Senate oflicials stress I he im|)orLance of real criticism and lionesly. The ballot says “the information is useless if it reflects undue spite or grievances.”
doli, first trumpet for Benny Goodman’s band. Pete Candoli played with Paul Reedy’s gi-oiqi last year, but left in June to play with Sonny Dunham. Last September Candoli joined Will Bradley’s hand as fir.st trumpet man. Recently, he was signed by Bonny Goodman’s orchestra. Next week Pete is leaving for New York to meet Goodman and from there Iho hand will go to the west coast, lie will play trumpet ami .saxophonc for Goodman. AJso witli the “Campus Cominaiiders” is Nona, “sweet singer'of songs” who has been singing with the band for tliree years. Slic is idanning to leave the band shortly for New Yoi k to acipiire more vocal
training.
The usual mixer price of .jil.lO will iirevail.
Firebugs Beware! 2,000 Fire Extinguishers Cover Campus
By Don I’l’icr
Fire! Fire! But (here is no lire—because— Our campus is iiroLocLed liy the presence oi‘ more Ihau two thousand lire extinguishers alloled one to every five thon.sand square feet of floor space in all campus buildings including the residence halls and the livestock barns. We frequently pass by these shiny, two-foot, copper cylinders with- - out roali/dng their utility or
Playshop Will Hold Auditions For Cast Of Final Production
the meticulous care which
they receive. , Serviced Each Year I
Two men of the physical plant spend two months of each year eleuiiing, icpairing, and refilling those gadgets which are the delight of fire inspectors. Operations for
Playshop will hold tryouts lor (.yrrcnl yeai started about the
middle of January, and the service
the cast and crew of its final pro-
duction, “The Male Animal, next gotten as far as Univer Monday and ruesday afternoon at ^.j(y jj.^n vvhen our leiiorter caught 4 p. m. in Fowlei Hall. A east of building they 13 characters will be reiiuiicd, eight ehL’ckiiig a sulfuric acid and men and five women, besides iiu- bicarbonate in fifteen of the merous extras. Auditions will be “Sofi-Acid” type of spark squeleh-
condueled by playshop director, Bill
Deam. Previous Playshop experi- Ainaleuf Fire Marshal euce will not be requiicd. Any stu- Qm. fne marshal, who dent who wishes to try out may do “sharpy” in freshman chem
(lie says), asked the workman if
“The Male Animal,” written by that eoiieentrated acid_, didn’t eat James Thurber and Elliott Nugent, away the metal and i ubber pai’ts was run on Broadway at tho Cort of the extinguishers. “No,” was tlie Theatre for several years, The plot chuckled l eply, “these babies usualtakes place on a University cam- ly last 20 or 30 years unless somepus. Excitement is centered around thing happens to them as it did a football game, football heioes, a over in the Chem Engineering young college professor and a rad- Building. One of the distracted boys ical student who writes for the cam- came out of a test, grabbed one off pus magazine. (See FIREBUGS on Page 2)
Coy Of OEM Will Address Special Convo University To Dismiss Classes On March 12 Wayne Coy, liaison oiriccr for Emergency Management in the executive office and special administrative assistant to President Roosevelt, will discuss present-day America at a special student convocation to be held Thursday, March 12, at 11 a. m. in the Music Hall. According to an announcement received last night fi’om Richai’d Dibos, chairman of tlie .Student War Council, .sponsor of tliis convo, classes will be dismissed at 10:50 Thursday morning so that all .students may hear the talk liy Coy. Native of Indiana Wayne Coy is a native of Indiana and is a graduate of Franklin College. While attending school there he worked on the Franklin Star. He later bought the Delphi Citizen and served as its editor for awhile. In 1933 Coy became an undersecretary to Paul "V. McNutt while he was GovernoP of Indiana. He retained that position for four years; and when McNutt went to the Philippines as High Commissioner, Coy accompanied him as secretary. Coy was active in relief work while in Indiana and served as head of NYA and district director of WPA for a time. About two years ago Coy returned to tho United States and served under McNutt in his present ofiiee of Social Security Administrator. Coy has been sci’viiig as a social administrative assistant for a little over a year now and ranks as one of the tog men in the present admini.stration. WAA To Hold Primary Elections Wednesday At 4 in Women's Gym Candidates for WAA ofiices for next year will be introduced at a mass meeting in the Women’s Gym next Wednesday at 4 p, m. The primary elections will he held at this time and nominations • can be made from the floor. The candidates arc: for president, Barbara Ford and Gail Ilennis; , vice president, Ruth Walker and Elizabeth Baughman; secretary, Nancy Cooper and Jean Steigcrwald; and treasurer, Jane Blank and Virginia
Rapp.
Elections will he held on Wednesday, March Ji, in the hall of the Union. Only active WAA members will he able lo vole. In order lo (pialify a.s an activi’ member a girl nmsl have paid her tiues and have earned 25 points during the year. A list of all aelive inemhers is jiosted on (he WAA biillcLin hoaid in I he Women’s (Jyni. Ap|ihcalion blanks for po.sitions on Ihe WAA council aie available in (he WAA office in tlie gym. 'riiese blanks must be turned in before March 10 and any WAA member may petition for a position. Applicalions can he made for the heads of the vaiious sjio'rls, cabin leader, social chairman and other council liosilioiis. Army Aviation Cadet Board Will Conclude Interviewing Today Army Aviation Cadet Examining Board will continue its week-long interviewing today between 8 a. m, and 4 p. ni. at tlie Cenliai YMCA in Lafayette. Jntere.-ited students and local men between the ago.s of 18 and 2(! years will meet with the hoard for educational and physical examinations. Suceossflil ajiplicants are to be lilaced on the enlistment waiting list and will become aviation cadets as soon as possibh', according to Major Thomas S. McConnell, head of the board. _ The mimmuni age limit was reeeiiUy lowered to 18 years lo accommodate the additional men needed in the Army Air Corps now that the nation is at war. Married men are also eligible provided they can prove that dependents have sufficient means of support.
Musical Groups To Present Annual Convocation Tonight
Officers of fhe various musical organizations, which will present the annual musical convocation tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall are picture above. Small Student Group Hears Robinson Talk Approximately 150 students attended the defense convocation held yesterday afternoon in Fowler Hall. “The Bill of Kiglits in Time of War” was discussed by J. W,- Robinson, professor of political science in the department of history,
government and economics.
Robinson’.s opening remark.? concerned the universal restriction of personal liberty, through which any type of government i.s characterized by its degree and method of enforcement. He summed up the di- —
lemma of the amount of freedom in democracy by saying that the United States is a “middle-of-the-road” nation, and allows some freedom but not enougii to destroy its so-
ciety.
Robm&oii brought a reviev/ of American censorship law up to date with the present draft evasion law, the Espionage Act of 1917 which is now in effect and the so-called Alien Registration Act passed in J940, all of which pz’ovidc for punishments of .$10,000 fine or ten years imprisonment or botli. Tire Alien Registration law is an oninibus hill of 10 sections, 18 of whicli provide for restrictions of expression. Restricting Laws in JO 10 tliere were 42 separate laws |•esLri(■Llng civil libcilies on the (looks. Ono-of llu’cc, the Wai Bowers Act of J017, wa.s <lustc'd nlf after Bcarl Harbor lo give Ihe Pirsideiit jiower to e.ytuhlish censorship, wlucli he di'l through (he office of Censorsliip lieaded by Byron Pi ice, former e.\ecntive of Associaled Press. The Olfiei' of Ceiisorship now foihids jHibliealion of iiifoi nialion coneerning JO,5 suOjiils, and eensoi's outgoing new's. Ten days ago one luoie resLiiclion liill, the “Official oi War Heccrets Law,” was ciitezed in Congress and if passed will, aecoiding Lo Dr. Robinson, prove highly unpopular because il off'eis restrietions fa)- beyond any now in elfect. Robinson closed vvilli a condem-n.-iLion of Ihe iindeiuoei ;itie altituile whieh diseonrages expression of opinion by sneers, ostracism, hoyeoLL, threats, and lufnsal of auditoiiums to s|)cakcj-.s. He stated thal litis iitlitude is Llial wlueli we are lighting, and is out of place when carried out withoul suppoit of leg-
I' lation.
Personnel Notes E. I. duPoiil di’ Nciuouis & Co., Wilmington, Del. All ME’s (Iiuluslrial), EE’s and CE’s who are interesled in an interview with this ('onipanj, eome to Hie Pcrsoiuicl Olliee immediately and schedule a time. A company represeiitaiive will visit tlie eanipus on March 0 and JO. Firestone Tire and Rubber Co., Akron, Oliio—March 2, 3, 4. (Croup meeting March 2 at 4:00 p. m., 120 EE). Dow Chemical Co .‘PQcpe a4,RO Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Oklahoizza—MtU’ch 4.
Lull To Direct Contest Of Discussion Groups On State Of Americas Prof. P. E. Lull, diz'ector Of forensic activities, has been appointed district maizager of the National Extempore-Discussion Contest on Inter-American Affairs. Six awards of louz’s Lo the other American republics are planized for national
winners.
The distz’ict contest wzll he lield hez’e Thursday, March 19, with students from Notz'e Dazne, Mancliestor, Wabash, azzd sevez'al other .schools also participating, 'flic con-fez-ence is open to the public. Latin American Office This nation-wide contest is being held to interest University students and inform Uic public concerning inter-American affairs and foz’mzilatc solutions for lieinispbei ic problems, It is sponsored by the Office of tile ('oordiiialor of iiiter-Ameri-can Aifairs, tlirough tho National ['u))lic Discussions Coinimttce, Inc. 'riic conference will consist of round table discussions hcgiiiiiing at 1:20 p. in. anil an exteinpozcdiscussioii forum at 7:30 [i. m. Two outstanding students from eacli district will meet at regional contests. National Conference Winners from each region v. ill be delegates to the National Intercollegiate Conference in Wnsliinglon, and each delegate will be awarded a conducteil tour of the oth.-r Ameilean Republics tliis summer/ About 400 colleges and uiiiversiLies are taking pa{l in the contest according lo Dr. Nicliols, national director. “The response has been Ihe greatest in Hie Jiistory of such undertakings among college and university sUulents and ic convineiiig evulciiee that young men and women today are fully aware of tlie iinportaiicc of the other Americas and of hemispliene solidaiity,” lie
declared.
PIA Tea Dance Today To Entertain Nurses Again this week PL\. vvdl eiiterl;uu the iuiz.es from Home and St. ISlizahuth Hospitals al the legular tea dance from 1 to 5:30 this afternoon ill the south ballioom of tho
Union.
Reeci'ds will iirovule the music, atul as usual PI A members and coeds vvdl be admitted free. All others will be charged a ten cent admission fee.
Doors To Open At 6:45; Music Begins At 7:30 Choirs, Glee Club, Band/ Orchestra Will Take Part All-campu.s musical talent will combine efforts to produce the annual musical convocation tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall. Doors will be opened at 6;4S. Passports will admit students and season tickets will be honored. Single admissions will be available at the door for 55 cents. Included on the program will be the Men’s Glee Gub, Concert Choir and University Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart; the University Orchestra under the direction of J. M. Ragains, and the Symphonic Band directed by P. S. Emrick. The band -will pz’esent three symphonic numbers an'anged from the original scores by Director -P; S. Emrick. These will be “The Mavriage of Figaro” by Mozart, “Voices of Spring,” a Strauss waltz, and Tschaikowsky’s “Overture 1812,” Musical Review Of U. S. A musical historical review of the United States from the revolution to the present will be presented by the University Choir, Concez-t Choir, and Men’s Glee Club. They will also give a interpretation of WebstePe Charleston speech. The oz’chestra will feature “The Oberon Overture.” Music on the campus has gained much recognition through the efforts of directors Stewart, Ragains and Emrick. Recognized as among the best, are the Men’s Glee Club and the Concert Choir, which traveled 2600 miles for out-of-town ehgagements and appeared on campus some thirty times. The band has the All-American rating. Outstanding work was done by the Concert Choir in assisting Paoi Robeson, famed negro baritone, in singing the “Ballad for Americans.” The Glee Club won the Chicagoland Music Festival several years ago and has filled engage^ ments at the Palmer House Empire Room, Hotel Sherman Panther Room, on nation-wide hookups, conventions and banquets. This year a radio series ov6r WBAA has featzzred the varions organizatioizs on alternating weeks. The University znusical organiaitzons pz’ovide the music for religious convocations, Christmas and Easter Cantatas, and have been requested to give concerts in Chicago and Indianzipolis. The 60-piece orchestra accompanies the choirs in cantatas, and pi’csents occasional recitals on the
campus.
Tickets Still Available For Playshop Drama Deam To Present Last Production Next Week Reserved seat and single admission tickets for “Beyond The Horizon,” may still be obtained at the Playshop ticket office in the north wing of Fowler Hall. The play is under) the direction of W. L. Deami and 4'ill begin at 7:30 p. in. on Wednesday and Thursday and 8 p. 111. Friday and Saturday. Tlu' play, written by Eugene O’Neill, is Playshop’s third this jiar. and was first produced by thfi Little Theatz’c in New Yoz’k. tik thice acts involve two bzrolherb whoce love for one girl disrupts ^ their lives. These thi’ee character are portrayed by Arthur Barab,'!^ Leinberger and Betty Erick. The set for this play will probably lie the last produced imdor thfl direction of Sam Maz-fcs, who baa been called to active service in tb* Naval Reserve. His I’ecent sets hava attracted professional atteutien.
-•>,7 Xe,r'- ’^14 ’’V' "Mjf aI <5^^'
htge 2
Purdue Exponent
Saturday^ February 28^y 1942
Smo^e Gets in Your Eyes
Our coeds ai'e at it again—the third powder I'oo'm fu'c of recent months occurred Thursday in the Union Building. E\idontly the incendiary minded coeds aren’t to be halted in theit do-or-die attempt to destroy the Union. All of these fires have been started by lighted cigarettes thrown in waste baskets, and obviously frem their location, they have all been started by our incomparable coeds. Of course, girls will be girls, but they seem to be going a little too far when they start more l^azes in a period of three months than the men students have in a period of several years. Perhaps our chemistry courses should place more emphasis on combustion, since the coeds don’t seem to be aware of the fact that a lighted cigarette plus paper equals fire. Thus far the fires have done no damage except burning some waste paper and scorching a little woodwork. However, even these minor damages take time and money to repair, and if the fires continue to be so frequentj the repair bills will add to an appreciable sum. Of equal importance is the fact that if one of these powder room blazes should occur when there are few people in the Union, considerable damage might be done. The fires have all been the result of pure
Personkll Notes
\ -
If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of which is in your school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when to
schedule an interview,: <
Dayton Power & Light Company,
carelessness, a characteristic of the American people that has severely handicapped the war efl’ort in the past few weeks. The Normandie now lies on its side in the Hudson river because of carelessness; several laborers were killed in the engine room of a ship at Baltimore when someone carelessly opened the fire
extinguisher valve; and Purdue’s Union build- “Franchot Tone”'Chapman of the
ing may be reduced to a pile of ashes because Belt clan. He’s beeh dating two gals Dayton, Ohio — Junior EE’s ifor of the thoughtlessness of the coeds. They —Mary Cech and Maxine Barrett work. Sign up in Personnel would do well to remember the fourth point of —legulaOy of late. m bcfoic Saturday, Fek 28. -o • 1 4. nur 4.4-> r>-n r tj v, called up Maxine foi a date Oidnance Department, 'RochesPresident Elliott S Bill of Responsibllties for Cotillion. No soap. Then Mary. Y.—Maich 11. ME, CE, EE. Purdue students which states that “the cam- 0. K. Maxme calls our hero up for gjg’j.^ j,., Personnel Office before
pus will tolerate neither the intentional nor Pan Hel. Mary had asked him Match 4.'
the thoughtless vandal who destroys, defaces, tirst. The payoff came when romeo chemical, Midland, Mich.— or add* to the cost of maintaining buildings Theodore was seen walking ’cross 2. Organic, inorganic, and nnri o-rnnndc: >’ campus With both gals! Neither analytical Chemistry, Ph.D., M.S., ana grounus. ^new he dated the other. They do gjr; me. Schedule an interWe haven t any suggestions for the prevqn- now. What a rat we are. (Ed Note: the Personnel Office before tion ef these fires; perhaps fire wardens Bad English—but you are.) 10:00 a. m. Saturday, Feb. 28. , should be placed in each powder room pr the Navy Department, Bureau of walls papered with fire extinguishers. It Another of those few and far be- Ships, Washington, D. C.—All enmight even be necessary to either close all tween letteis we get reached our gmeers, particularly women, Seof these rooms or prohibit the coeds from ‘Afternoon. It cure an application blank from the 01 ,mese rooms 01 piOniDlt me coeas irom ^ Personnel Office before March 10. smoking. , , ^ pei.meating, gosh- Navy Department, Bureau of However, our advicq to the coeds iStthat if awful odor of perfume we’ve ever Ships, Washington, D. C.—^All enthey are determined to burn something, they had occasion to smff. Signed by the gmeers, particularly W'omen. Secure should have, their matches and give little “Siggies” it contained a crack an application blank from PersonAdolf a hot-foot. about the Betas. Good crack, but riel Office before March 10.
we’ve done the Betas enough harm
I , as it IS. Besides . . . they’re good
baibers.
ntemsiiMTdN Merry-oo-rouhp
defense production, but a dead sea horse is not one of them. The authorities -formally went on record to this effect in reply to a unique letter from a woman biology teacher in a small mid-western college. She wrote in anxiously inquiring if it would hurt the defense program if she purchased the following items needed for the
instruction of her cla&s:
One embalmed sea horse; one
lizard; one pig embryo.
She was assuied that the articles were not yet on the “critical list.” However, it took several letters to convince a Montana sheriff that he also didn’t need a priority rating to preserve law and order
in his county.
“My old gun is on the blink,”
Firebugs-
. (Continued from page 1) The lucky little coeds got to stay
out till one in the morning, didn’t ’*^ke wall, and threw it cown re
stairs. That was hard on it. v\e
BLANCHE LA BOW Joe Sandeis, nationally known musician and dance band leader, brings his broadcasting orchestra and entertainers to the Mars theatre stage today for a special one day engagement. Sanders and his Nighthawks were first heard over the air from Kansas City, where the band was organized, with Walter Winchell in the Lucky Strike Show and has been very popular in Chicago night clubs and restaurants. Blanche LaBow, also from Kansas City, is the featured singer with the band while Pam Meriyman, aciobatic dancer, and A1 and Margie Calvin, stock comedians, help to add variety to the entertainment of the orchestra.
Near-Sighted Legislators Peril Alaskan Protection Measures Allied Offensive Against japs Must Include All-Out Sustained Attack To Interest Russia In regard to our present lack of Alaskan bases, here is some unwritten history which is significant. In March, 1940, the House military subcommittee on Appropriations killed a War
Department appropriation of $14,000,000 for a certain base in the sheriff complained, “and i want
Alaska.
When Governor Gruening of Alaska, wdio was then in Washington, read about it next morning, he hit the ceiling. With General Marshall he hot-foot-
ed it to the Capitol, almost got down on their knees to Representatives Ross Collins of Mississippi, Lane Powers of New Jersey, Francis Case of South Dakota, and J. Buell Snyder of
Pennsylvania.
But the C o n g 1 c s s m e n wcic adamant. The Alaskan base was mo
expensive.
A month later, however, Hitler overran Norwaj and the base W'as put back into the bill. Latei that summei, the Goveinoi of Alaska had the ironic plea.suie of welcoming this .same subcommittee on a torn of inspection ol the base which they had rciectcd in March They stayed 24 houis Congressman Snyder had his picture taken diiviiig a nail—and the base was siaited. Note: It is going to take seveial bases, and a steady stieam ol planes fljing to Alaska befoie we are leady foi any offensive “ovei tlie top ot Asia ” And so iai, a lot of the plane.s flow 11 noith bj the Arm,v have ciacked up in the Rockies—partly because of subzeio weather, paitly because ot inexperienced pilots, partly because the Canadian Government has lieen slow in letting us develop the easiei shoit-cLit to Alaska aci oss the
pi allies.
• Far-East-ern Strategy
they? How do jou feel this a. m. gals altci such a strenuous evening? You can look torwaid to Pioin now. Rumoi has it that horns will be extended to one-thiity for that momentous occasion Rest up
ineanw hile
have a little trouble, too, with the we put over in the practice houses. The girls found that the fluid filler was the same stuff that the dry cleaners use, so the University often furnishes the material for small scale cleaning operations.”
Inspect Cotton Hose
B M.O.C. Dick Dibos supplies us these Umveisity employees with the following tale. Kappa the lucky lads who-inspect pledge Dons Pickering swoic up the war-dictated, cotton covering of and down and sideways that no the coeds’, lower limbs, but they do
male at oui gieat Umveisity could evci 01 would evci have the enviable pleasuie ol kissing her. Oui Richaid bioke tliat up in a huiiy
pull the kinks out of fire hose— thiee miles of it—distributed all over the campus in fifty foot lengths? Each piece of hose is taken
Tw6 pledges i uined at the same
time
below the equator to Java. Regal ding the lattci strategy
the Japanese, if not careful, will buy a gun without a special rating,
get themselves in the same difficult and extended position of ourselves and the British—sending supplies thousands of miles to battle fronts
half way round the woi'ld. That is why U. S. munitions
are being rushed to China by air, instead ot by the old Burma Road, so that China may be used as a base against the extended Japanese supply line. 'Phis, however, will take time. For supplies bv transports planes can onlj go
in driblets.
Regarding the fiist strategy — bombing attacks via Siberia—the Russians have made then- position
quite cleai to us, and both Roose- foj nia aiipiane lactones and ship
to buy a new .38 caliber Colt volvoi. I’ll have to send away for it, which moans a lot of pi 101 ity led
tape. Please send me a rating right lecenth aiouiid hey-e The first is aw'ay so I can uphold the law out that ol Bettj Learning and Ernie hcie.” Moichouse. The othci has Frances The sheriff was advised he could “'Pex” Kramer and Marion “Red”
Carte' —loimei Purdue lootballcr
0 Merry-Go-Round —^be jiai ticipants. CongiatulaA I m.ir, 4-. I «TT .1 lions and good luck, lolks.
As early as 1939, Gcncial “Hap ^
Arnold, Chief of the Air Corps, told
officials of the Insular Affairs Bu- Nine moic weeks toi the senior lean that if he wcie an enemy he blight boys; nine inoie months lor would like nothing better than the the junioi bnght boys; etc. Loid assignment of bombing Pearl Hai- knows how long the likes of us boi. He pointed out that the Navy will lie around. We do our pait, W'as always huddled close together anyway. We don’t eat sugai. dn the haiboi, that the haibor’s — ■ - —— —
mouth was narrow, making it difficult to get out, and that it was a pel feet taiget for an efficient air attack. . . . The Truman Committee IS investigating sensational ehaiges by the Long Beach (Calif.) Independent that southern Gali-
The lust date in tact What a man. its cabinet, checked for de-
terioration and Ibosc connections, and refolded 'so that the folds do not come at the same places as bc-
Two engagements have oeeuiiecl fore. . '
So'—if you sec a fellow wrth a fixo extinguishei under each arm and a leel of hose ovei his shouldei, don’t assume that he’s worried about future residence at the scene lOf Dante’s inspuation—he’s just following- a smoker so he can practice on the snipe that is sme to be
dioppcd.
Prom Contest Will End Tonight At 6; No Entries With 6 p. m. today the UoadJine in the Student Union’s annual contest tor Piom backdiop plans, no efitiies have yet been submitted. The final sketches may be tinned in to Ilaiiy Hudson oi Jim Reeves in the Student Union office, and will be judged by the Piom Committee. Plans must be original and piovido foi backdiop, band fionts and any additional decoiations for the ceiling or wall at an approximate cost not to exceed $100. All const! uction details must be given with
the entiy.
Majestic Furndees and Will-Buit Stokers F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 USE. State St.
Anyone with a majj—and the Japanese have good map'-—^an figuie out futiiie U S ofieir-ue ^tiategj agaiii'-t the w nild-be lulej-s of the Pacific 1. To ^strike at (he lu-aif ol Japan with bombing planes via Alaska and Sibeiia. 2. To use China to cut Japan’s long supply line extending dow n
velt and Chuichill agree with them.
They point out
1. Vladivostok is surrounded on tvv o sides by Japanese, could be cut off rather quickly, if used
as a bombing base.
2. The Russians have sent some ol their best troops and planes from Siberia to Moscow. 3. Russia will join us in any real bomber attack against Japan, but it has to be a sustained and continued attack lasting tor
months.
In othei w Ol d.s, it we aic meiel.v eoing to send a tew bombeis ovei Japan, thev say to Moscow- “Gentlemen, we have lun out of bombeis, 'Oil cany on alone,” then the Russians aien’t at all inteiested. They want to see a continuous supply loLite, a low ot good Alaskan bases, witli a lot ol liombeis in leservp. Till n they will slait blowing up
Tokyo
0 Defense Didos • Piioiities oliicials can enumeiate a long list of things essential to
yards are far behind schedule, having been delayed by cost plus charges, slowdown taclic.s, aibitrary union hiiing, extoitionatc initiation fees, farcical inspections. It IS also charged that one plant, scheduled to be in lull pioduction la.st June, is far tiom even fi actional production. Meanwhile local plants stand empty awaiting goveinment oiders. New influx into Washington is the .Vustralian War Supplies Mission. About 180 ot them arc coming into town. . . . Although a Democrat, Congressman Vincent Harrington ot Iowa made the Republican Lincoln Day address at LeMar.s, Iowa, last
month.
A goveinment filing tleik found the name “John Bull” mentioned in conespondence on lend-lease aid to England She biought the lettei to a superioi and asked, “Who is Ml Bull?” (Copyiight, 1942, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc.)
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GILLESPIE'S 221 Columbia St. PHONE 6405
LUNA
LAST DAY
2 HITS
penoutonV ANNE GVMYNNt) ROBERT PA1GE\ WARREN HYMERl SAMUEL S.HINDSV
PLUS
Charles STARRETT IN “The Royal Mounted Patrol'
SUN, - MON. — 2 Features
• Amazing new “Magic Feed" ends all normal causes of pen messiness. No flooding. No dripping. Writes like magic!.,, and you get the set for a price you would ordinarily pay for a pen alone.
tlllllllllllliliUllliUliilllliillllllllllltllillllltllllimiiilli^ D'r. A. M. Irion | — DENTIST —• I 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. g Phone 4965 1 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifliiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiir
w/f/i CHESTER: MORRIS •? HARRIET 'HIUIA
PLUS llack OAKIE • Lmd.i DARNELL IN
ummm LAST TIMES TODAY — STARTS TOMORROW
ON THE STAGE
T«n» in BVERSHARP’S "TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT”
ARC
LAST DAY —2 FEATURES
fiiUidusL £xponmL All-American I940-'4I
Filtered ah second class matter at the post office in I.alayette, Indiana, under the act of Congre.ss Ilf March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. I’ublished daily except Monday during the icgular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by cairier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, §1.00.
N«wb t^dftor fcportF
Ntd A OthiUree Husiness Manager John I>4 'J raufrott Managing Editor Phil Jolintfon Coed Editor
Ddn S. Powers licUnd W. Kuffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff ABBdClxJt* hdllurH Editurial Staff. .1 J Ainu ) 11 Aim Irmig, U. '1. iJroiiby, K E Hndh y, E 1 JuiHb. h h Knpr Staff: Olaik, J JJ hra.tr. J b Kctier < eui Staff: Mary K. liuinlon, AIicf t IhitliiliJ, Jane JRumadcli.
Business Staff (oiil ItusinesB Maiiagir: Duiinu Sicsa; Office Manager: hec liOf MOfIg Ltna) Ad^f?rll8Ing Managers: K K Gjemro, R E. Saxton; t‘irrulatio!i Manager: W. T. Ih*JJ; Accounts Manager: W. D Millaid. Junior ( oed Managers: Joan rruriKcnbcrry, Francos Lloyd, Julia Marlin.
Pbenes: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
KcpiesrnUiJ for n.'itional advertising by National Advertisiiig ,S( rvjci Ine, College Publishers Representativea, 420 Madison Avt, New York, N. Y.
- )0H( ikit pmnl . tyHStaMKOOHMO
la&i
i
— WITH — TOM BROWN PEGGY MORAN ALSO
“jUNGLE GIRL"—Last Chapter LATEST NEWS
TODAY Only • IN PERSON THE HIT OF CHICAGO AND THE NATION "The 0!e' Lefthander" SANDERS /%iid lli.s Nig Hi III Links — FEATURING — Blanche LA BOW
Al and Margie CALVIN Sock Comedy Team Pam MERRYMAN Acrobatic Dancer
Stage Shows at 2:05-4:4^7:25-9:55 — COME EARLY ALL SEATS 12:00 to 1:30
o On THE SCREEN » Mike Shayne Chases Diamond and Dames! LLOYD NOLAN
ALL SEATS 1:30 to 6:00
6-.00 P, M. TO CLOSING
Balcony 40c Tax Inc.
Main Floor
Children (All
50c Tax Ine ft,
Day) iTcTaxinc; Maty Beth Hughcs
STARTS TOMORROW Madeleine CARROLL — Sterling HAYDEN
MiDNITE PREVUE TONSTE
—the way you really love her — in a supedi screen verstOtt oT the famous Lillian Hellmaft playThe
TKiieiiii
Directed by WHIIAM WHER
ii-
i i/
r
8
V I<* tf s >-"■ -•y^ i n-i
■')? >7-fifr~i-"’’' %’'‘T
BoilerhiSKer Swimmers; Boxers Engage Foes
RIVETEI? PUGIIISTS FIGHT si.
TDtilGHT i FillGHbUSE V3 / ^ ^ Boilermaker boxing fans will be treated to their first taste of intracolilegiate b»xing oo the home court tonight at eight o’clock „when Student Coach Joe Benna turns the Boilermaker boxing squad lose
against the boxing team from ’ ■ '>■ St. Jo'seph College, Rensselaer, Saturday# February 28/ 1942
on the Fieldhouse floor.
First Home Boutd
For three years Joe Benna, former Golden Gloves champ, and student boxing coach here at the University, has endeavored to ai-range a home boxing match, and this
« '''
Page 3
Riveter Aquatic Sqiiad Invades HawkeyesToday
Illinois' Pool For Swim Tonight
. 1 By Clint Sowards
Coach Papenguth loads his station wagon with the Boiler-
season through the assistance of j^gker swimming team ,at 1 this afternoon and heads towards former athletic director, Mai El- JU., where fhe Boilermakers meet the Illini in the
Illinois pool at 7:30 this evening in a Western Conference
swimming meet. ^
Intramural Potpourri
ward, his desire has been fulfilled. 1 Fdtd seems to have a frown on whenever glancing at the Boilermaker boxing team, as on this allimportant date in Boilermaker boxing history, three members of the Ivarsity squad will be unable to
By Bob Krieger
Finals for Fraternity Glass B basketball will get under way next Tuesday. At the present time, Sigma Pi and Phi Delta Theta are
(Continued from page 1)
in the fourth of five consecutive road battles for the home forces. Coach Bennie Oosterbaan’s basketball fortunes at Michigan have been anything but good this year and the conference Standings find his team tied with Ohio State in
eighth place. Both have four vie- leading the procession with four
The Boilermakers, who have for the last week been per- tories and nine defeats with two victories and no defeats. Phi Kappa
games remaining on the schedule. Psi, Sigma Phi Epsilon and Phi The Boilermakers will close the Kappa are close behind the leaders, 1941-42 season next Monday night but one of this trio %ill be elimi-
participatc in the fray in favor of ness, will once again have An- sota, Chicago, and Northwestern; Champaign-Urbana against the nated from competition before the injuries. Don Elfin, 175 pounder derson and Kreuck back in the winning from’ Kansas State and Ihinois conference-leading sopho- finals start, and one of the two Boilermaker swim of things, but Erickson Iowa State. Iowa State has held giants of Doug Mills. Mor€ HardwOOd Finals
boxers with a peifect record in the the Big Six swimming Champion- Traveling Squad
vnw+nis ,B r.,iv«iT,cr n i->i nVpr. coHsecutive The Complete squad of 12 making hardwood fence, we find that finals
years. the trip includes Captain Don will get under way next Friday. Riveters Win Two Blanken, Charley Caress, John Con- Ward 3 will face Ward 83, Ward 10 A glance at the Boilermaker lec- Dufe Fnend, John Galvin, will meet Ward 17, Ward 32 clashes
forming without the services oi Curley Anderson, Cliff Erickson and Jim Kreuck due to ill-
ring this season is nursing a bioken _ it • wrist, and will be out of action for duties at Illinois, quite some time to come. Outcome Uncertain
More Injuries to the probable outcome of the Prank Alexander, 135 pounder, gplashfest tonight. Coach Papenpainfully sprained his shoulder in g^th stated, “We should beat ’em a mid-week practice which puts ^gt one nevei knows.” The Illinois
ord for the season shows a pair of Howard Hoifman, Rudy Lawson, A1 with Ward 28, and Ward 24 takes
him on the shelf as far as the match heie tonight is concerned; and “Doc” Savage, who earned a fiactured pioboscus in the last match with Muriay State Teachers College of Kentucky, still is unable to stick this part of his anatomy very thoioughly into his business in the
ring.
Dropped Two Matches
So far this season the boxers have met all the breaks going the wrong way, both of their matches have been dropped. The first op-
loses balanced by a pair of wins. Ohio State and Michigan topped the
aquatics have dr opped three out of squad for the black marks on
Menke, Cecil Polk, Bob Riley, on Ward 8.
Pr osty Sprowl and Mickey Tierney.
five this season, losing to Minne-
the ropes by a iiaiiow maigin. Next Benna and his boys joui
neyed to the far southern edge of ^hus far into the sea-
Riveter’s record; and a match with Michigan State followed by one with the fightin’ Hoosiers from Bloomington added the pair of vic-
Superman Rodgers
Pall tennis was completed last Thursday night with Wells being the final winner, and Siener finishing second. Preshman Dave Rodgers from Cary Hall walked off with
Tough Illini
A few of the members of the host
Kentucky to meet the boxing squad from Murray State Teachers college in Muriay, Kentucky. It seems
that Muiray College specializes in squad that are expected to make boxing like Notie Dame takes to trouble for the visiting Riveters tofootball. Then squads usually con- night are Biekke, Middjeton, and sist of a crew of boys vciy well Hartman. Brekke is a freestyler,
ponent the Boilermakeis faced'was versed in the ways and iiicaiis of swiiiiining the 220 and 440 events, the team Irom Michigan State who the iing, this match the Boilei- fiom all leports doing a fine job of with fhe advantage of familiar sui- makeis also diopped by a none too it, something for Captain Dick roundings, took the Riveters across substantial maigin ^ Kratzer to keep an eye on. Middle-
ton is a sophomore diver whose excellent poise m all appearances this season has gained him considerable recognition. Hartman in another
sprinter who has been swimming laurels in both the All-Campus the middle distances with chain- tournament and the Preshmenpionship foim plus. Sophomore competition. Boilermakers Expectant Cooperative basketball starts •, , T ,TT, next Monday and Praternity voUeyPor the Boilermakers, Joe Wil- Thursday. Prac-
hamson is piimed foi' a win in the
An Old Tinier Looks Back On Purdue As It Was Way Back
In 1941-42
• • •
Little do you know how valuable your DEBRIS will be twenty years from now. Picture yoiirbell looking back into the past at old Purdue through the medium of your old 1941-42 DEBRIS. You recollect the good times you had in those days, remember the faces and names of your old classmates and last but not least, your old profs, and instructors, even if they did give you that D in Chemistry or Math. The DEBRIS is published for the good of the student and his services. The DEBRIS gives you the follow-
breaststroke, Dick Kratzer is expected to get his usual points in the freestyle events, Johnny Youngst and Herm Bower who took first and second respectively in the dives against Michigan are expected to do a fine job in said event this evening. A loster of the swimmers making the Illinois trip includes: Kratzer,
tice sessions for Cary Hall riflemen
are now being held.
Ward 1 Defeats Ward 2 To Claim Basketball Title Ward 1 defeated Ward 2 to win the women’s intramural basketball tournament sponsored by WAA. Winners of league 1 were Ward 1 and a team composed of members
ing:
• Reference For Your Schools, and Friends • Enjoynjenl • Something to Remind You of Your Days at Purdue ipJUA. DEBRIS buy now and beat the 1 price rise MARCH 6
ELMER'S TUNE HAS CHANGED he’s living at the UNliN CLliB liow betaiisfet THE SERjFICE IS PERFECT THE kdOpis ARE MdDERN THE MtES ARE ECONOMICAl THE location is CONVENIENT FOInITURE is edioRTABLE ^ Jha
TJliumiiaL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
What A Grand Start
We’ve watched athletic directors and coaches come and go in mailF universities, but we’ve never seen such a unanimous reception that lia» greeted Red Mackey and Elmer Burnham in their new jobs, YestCrdajr afternoon we were in both of these men’s offices, and noticed the maajr hundreds of tdlegiams and letters from faculty members, alumni, epaehes of othei; institutions, and many other friends from one end of the country to another, all of them pledging their support to these men. Boilei maker fans wherevei they may be are expressing their satisfaction of the new arrangement. Not the least of those who voke approval aie the members of the newspaper profession, who hold an unpicdjudiced attitude toward the officials of all universities. Por instance—the editorial in the Indianapolis Star yesterday morning. ^ A Swell Combination “The Piesident and trustees of Purdue University evidently have been reading “Acres of Diamonds.” Instead of searching throughout the country for a “big name” football coach and athletic director, they recognize the piesence of sports gems on their own campus. The selections should not be regarded as temporary replacements during an uncertain war period. The two men undoubtedly will have every opportunity to make good in their own light. Their records indicate ability to shoulder heavier responsibilities.” » ^ 'The First Sergeant Becomes The General" Bill Fox, sports editor of the Indianapolis News, wrote, “One of the toughest jobs to be found m a major university that conducts football on a Big Ten basis is that of boss of the freshmen. A freshman coach is to the university what a flist seigeant is, oi used to be, to the army. Purdue has made a wise choice in lifting its first sergeant to the rank of commanding genei’al. Fortified, too, with familiar assistants and operating under the able guidance of Guy “Red” Mackey, one of Purdue’s most popular alumni, who is the new athletic director, Bui nham fits like a glove into a picture that was on the verge of becoming a stiip cartoon.” ► Offensive Minded Says Francis J. Powers, well known Chicago Daily News sports wiiter, “So Burnham starts his regime as coach with solid baekmg but a ’42 schedule that presents Fordham, Vanderbilt, Ohio State, and Northwestern over the first month and a squad that has been riddled by graduations and enlistments. Still the stout man is not at all worried. He coaches to win, and prefeis offensive football to the defensive sort; which means the Boilermakers will be throwing the ball around.” But the one thing that Poweis and the lest of the wi iters admire most IS Burnham’s statement, “I think the kids should get fun out of football.”
Herr, Branner, Kreuck, Hansel, from Wood Hall and the Delta Horn, F. Lake, Ancher, Anderson, Gamma House. Ward 2 and 3 won Tingley, Williamson, Jaungst and the second league, and Ward 1 and Bauer. 2 won the semi-finals.
Squads Will Compete In Gunnery Tuesday Spiing 156 mm Howitzer Squad ■ competition will be held in the Aimory next Tuesday at 7:30 p. in. Foiinerly a yeaily event, the competition is being held twice this year because of inci eased inteiest. After tiaining for six weeks under supeivision of junior cadet officeis, the squads will offer the public a chance to witness well trained] gun squads in action. Ten squads w'lll compete, each composed of ten sophomores trained by two jumoi cadet officeis. The competition will consist of inspection of the sounds, knowledge of the howitzcis and peiformance in gun dull,
Cecil Polk
JOHNNY long
• You heard him last night.. Hear him forevermore on DECCA RECORDS No. 4179 Papa Wiccolini As We Walk Into the Street No. 4145 We're the Couple'ar The Castle Boy, Oh Boy! No. 4139 Pretty Little Busy Body Chances Are No, 4126 Russian Rose The Night We Called It a Day No. 3409 Shanty in Old Shanty Town Swing Me Bach Records — You'll find 'em all . . . Victor, Bluebird, Decca, Columbia, Okeh, Commodore, Top Hat, Radio, Musicraft. THE FOSTER SHOP EAST SIDE SQUARE DIAL 4900
Sixty Teams Enter Bridge Tournament Sixty teams have entered the annual all-campus contiact bridge tuiunament. The first round will be played at 1 next Saturday afternoon. Entries aie due by tonight at the west des’i of the Union. Gold and silver trophies wull be awarded to the champion and run-nel-up teams. The wnnneis of each lound W'lll receive cigarettes. Each team is composed of two members this yeai. Last year the bridge teams weie composed of four membcis , Dottle Webei and Chuck Lewis, Union vice-presidents, and C. B. Kemmei are m charge of the tournament this year.
Hays Jewelry Co. :: I3I North Fourth St. Fine |ewelry at Moderate^>rke
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Mam St. Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S .
GREETING CAROS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Across From UmoQ Sammoiui* R
' jy -tKJ! J
I W(
Jj,}
r rt« 1
1«^
Purdue Expdnent
Saturday, February 28> 1942
9fL Jha. QhwuduLdL. TW Foundation Sundai
Program
Fust Metliodi'st Church (Cornel Chauncei and South)
9'30—Thiec “itudent classe'? 1 Docs It Mattel What I Belle^e‘' taug^hi by Rev E R Balslev 2
The Scinion On The Mount, taught machinei
by Mis 6 R Balslei 3 A Maioi Social Question taught b\ Mis J
C Franklin
10 40—Moining woiship Di 0 S Steele im^I pi each on the theme “The Pcisonal Gospel” Di C 0
Former Governor Will Discuss Farm Issues Here Today
AWS To Sponsor First Lecture Of Marriage Series Next Tuesday
Speaking on “Machineiy foi the Aimi and Machinei y for the
Farms, M Cliffoul Townsend foi Lectmes on mauiage, spom^oied mei goveinoi of Indi ina and at Associated Women Students, piesent diiectoi of the Offiei of west faculty Agiicultuial Defense, ivill addiess the Union staiting next a meeting of U'lm "■!' boaids faim Tuesday at 7 30 p in emeigenci committees These leetuits will be open to all faim implement dealeis and faim senioi women and junioi women eis this 11101 iiing at 10 30 may attend by being gianted spe In his talk he fiist Mill discuss P^imission Those luniois who
the seiiousness of the shoitage of
Wonted Tull time stcnoKraplicr and ecncral ogicc nssistant Purdue back frround preferred Apply bv letter Ex ponent Box No 1
ScrlvencfB Meeting Saturday Peb 28 1 30/ p m in the office to ffnioh the so Uction of manuscilpts Also bring money fiom sales This moans everybody —just IN WAA Ping Pong Second round of tour luiment must be played off by lueaday March 1 He>ckart vs Fouta M Bvergler va Meinrer Evens vs FaUlich Cooper Vs Williamson Miller vs Bradshaw Wamplei vs Raderstorf Menncn va Bvergler Johnson vs Rosencrans —SCHUBER
luiiior Mets! Tiintor Metallurgical Engl mers Inspection trip Bus leaves west dopr of Chem and Mot Building Monday March 8 at 8 a m Bus will leave on time
—SCHALLIOL
Itille Club Match Saturday afternoon, 1 eb 28 at 3 Ihls is importaht —1 ADMAN
Alpha Phi Omega held tuesdav March the Union
Open meeting to be 3 at 7 <10 p m in —SIGLER
Typewriters Adding Mai limes all makes Slid lented lepairid and purchased Mime graph vvoi k done C J Lbershoff 005 Main lafiyelte Phi m 2(^9
The Christian Science Monitor it the University Book Stole
on saic
Pi Tau Sigma Veiv important meeting Tuesday March 3 1 p m in rending lOom of M E building Election of spring pledges Tail Bela Pi Election of members Ihmsdny March 5 at ^ 30 p m Attbnd eiice reiiuired Place to be announced later
ASMb Deadline fo'r membership in
ASME this vcai will be Mond&y, March jS
Exponent Sophomore Coeds Sophomores Membership blanks are avnilnblc In M E will work as (lay editors starting Wednes office —^TOPXNKA
day Ecb 25 Schedule for this week js ■—- —
Wednesday Hass Thursday Stenberg 1 ri- yy^A Shulflcboard Second lound of dav Beall Saturday Wickard Scludulc tournament must be played off by Tuesday for next week is postcil in office If you iyi„rch J Bower vs Wampler Shell va cant work on assigned day please see me Hoeven bhuber vs Suttner Johnson
^ —ROSE vg Merclcy —SCHUBER
ML 30 Make Up cxarlis* Examinations to EE-192 Make-Up Exams Examinations for remove C and 1 gradi s in ME 80 Will be removal of C and I in all seetioiis will be given Saturday March It at 1 p m In room held at 1 lOO p m Saturday Peb 28 Ih 101 of the ML building Plcnbo notify mo loom 134 of the LE Building HARDING
if interested —GEIGER r Reamer Club Meeting at 7 15 p m
NYA Workers NYA cheeks for period Monday March 2 in West raciilty louflgc ending rib 7 are now available at the of the Union Docs movies will be shotlfh
Cashier s ofllce in the Executive building Pledges will appear at 7 40
lepair paits and new niadiiilen He will aUo diiswLi questions askttl
LcCMillsingabantone'^olo, andan attendance FollowinR anthem will be furnished b3 the the talk thcic will be a lound table Ghon discussion on othei questions asked 5 4o—Weslc3 Vcspeis Duiing famicis The asiiciiltui al the discussion peiiod of this seiv eiiRineei iiv staff will take pait in KO Di T F Williams will speak discussion
on the theme ‘ What Should Be
The Attitude of the Chiistian Student in Times Like These ” A dis cUssion will follow E'cn Puidue student is coidial Iv united to paiticipatc in anj or all of these seieiees
The afternoon’s pio,„iam as scheduled will offei an oppoitunit3 foi inteiested peisons to discuss then individual piobleins with state 1 cpi esentatives o1 the \aiious tax m
equipment maiiufactuieis who have by Di Rilph Geiald
Uiiiveisity ol thieieo phvsiei in
desiie to listen to the talks must see Jane MeCoueh oi Allies MeCul loch in the AWS offices befoie the
fiist lectint IS qivin
Di Mane Wessels Chieai,opiae ticing ph^siean will ,,iyt the fust talk on Maiiiage as a iNoinial I unction ’ On Mai eh *) Di Fi mee-, Ilannett Univeisit^ of (hiei-,o 1 hysician will discuss Hippincss in Maiiiav,e Tuesdaii Maich 17 Di Lueien Towei will Live a lee tuie on “Hygiene in Mainaue ” The list leetui e on Maich 24 will be
Notices
Skull nitd CrcKiciil mil get
Klvs nil. ill Come HEMLER
I rcsbmun Engineers Mist fiir Luguiccr u k li u b itiii IIV I cb 28 8 p m in Ili/i r wltl Hull Selling assignments 1 til icir th intiuncc t Miehcal Clin Shop KNAPP Distingiiislied students Relimls in n ivv e I ll Ic It til shi I I IVict in the 1 veiutive Building HOI I I NbBl
Alpli 1 Pill Omega M ml V M reb C uv H ill b r
Sb it ixeenlivi meet ’ (I 1 m It 1 in 1 SIGI LR
Baptist Students cst Lafa3ette Baptist Chuich Cornet of Chaunce^ and Columbia Joseph Baud Gleason, Student Pastoi 9 30—Roger Williams Club Class Houi Dean Fisher, teachei 10 35—Chui ch w Ol ship service Sdimon “Oui Flags and Then Meaning ’ Dedication of Amcnean and Christian flags Solo “I Had Not Seen ” bv Vnginia Uliey ‘The Lord Is Exalted bv the chon 0 00—Rogei Williams Club Fel low ship Houi Bill Hannon in charge C 00—Fifteen cent lunch G 30—Rogei Williams Club Dis eussion Horn Fiank Hall will peak on “Chiistian Living” 9 30—Movie “The Challenge ’ given in eoopeiation with the State Police Dcpaitment, in Cynthia Jones Hall
been asked to be piesent at then 1 espective local stoies and sales
establishments in tow n
Lniversitv Prtsbjtenan Church John W Fnidlev, Ministei Jim Chase Chon Dneetoi Joanne Lloyd, Oiganist 9 JO—Student Class, ltd b\ Di G H Giaves 10 30—The Loicl s Suppei will be celebiatcd m connection with the morning ’Woislnp Seiviee 6 45—The Sundaj Evening Club will meet foi suppei Following the i-uppei Piofessoi J L Biav, Head of the School of Chemical and Metalluigieal Engmeenng will talk of South Ameiica fiom the stand point of his expellencc as an eiigi ncei in diffeient eountiies of that much discussed continent The pub lie IS eoidially invited
Radio Technicians' Course Will Open
Here Monday Night f jrst
Fust eouise in this eommunitv foi ladio technician tiaimng will I open at the Univeisity next Mon
dav evening
The classes will covei mathe matics diiect ind alteinatmg cut lent theoi V and cneuits, vacuum tubes wiie telephonv and audio electi omagiietie tiansmission la dio communication ladio ti insmit ters and leeeivei s fiequenev modu lation ind tiansnnttei lines The classes will miet tlnee nights a week foi two sixteen week peiiods Registiation was held last Thuis dav foi the ladio tiaining class engmeenng ehennstij, and foi two dav classes in engmeenng diavv mg and engmeenng mathematics The en..,mc(- in,., chcmistiv eouise is similai to fiist veal college clem istiv and coveis the pioeesses m volved in modem mdustiy Upon the successful completion of the 1 tdio tiainm„ eouise the membois will be quilified to take advanced tiainmg miniediatelj upon enteimg the umed seivices oi foi civih 111 lubs m the opeiation and mamtamence of detection and communication equipment
ol
who will talk on Mainage Fiom a Man’s Point of View Jane MeCoueh is m ehai ge of the leetui es Anj questions mav be an severed by calling 8413 and speak m., to Jane MeCoueh oi Apiits Me
( ulloch
Kcnmcr Clnh
luN Much 1
Uni n I) c
also
til
me It
I 11
m f( 1 meeting M i I ten ch in,-,cd to TT 5 (. f ii u amII till Ic theu I Ud^cs ( m n the
RUI FNLK
Eni^inccrmK Students n tut, f th ASMI I 1 MI 0 at R) 1 Di J I Rett dial m1 ) lI G 11 1 bi I It, CJ I i 1 tl ttlK 1 \ it d to J tt nd this nj(
Ihti vill I i lucsdac Mauh 1 m The spcnlti 1 \ enk on ll lb ( h irucal n lL il I j,iiu( IS ll in (.tine, lOPINKA
r I
n Si cial mcctii
1 nt mci lb i mil Wc liu da\ Ml i 1 I i! . A II ill sen biy lu ni
d 1 fiL hm nt
DUFi LY
All Suphumorc Union Workers Meet with JIal Knijrht and JJnrb Follows m the Un 1)11 OITicc Monday Mur - iit d 15 pm Impoitant Bl there —1 BLLOWS Siffmn Delta Clii Initiation followed by 1 i jfcssional dinnci nieelint Saturday I tl 28 at 5 00 \ m m the Union Dave Ihomp n ( liloi f Prainc Farmer rind J H Benham cditoi of the Terre Iti^utc Star will SI calc IRAUGOn VIA Jea Dint will be held Saturday I tb 28 fi )m 3 l< 10 p m in llu Soutli Bulhucm of the Una n —ABSUIER Student Ushers Stud nl nsh( rs and po lu at V ir itv ba kctball ^imts fe.ct thoir moiuv it the ticket oITiec in tlie I i Idhousi
DOAN
Purdue PlaytTh New ni mbers who deslu I c will pica c 1 av( llicii n imcis and $2 ) with the setr tarv at 1 iwler HaU h fore 12 00 n on Siturdij I cb 28 —GOLD bocielv of Automotive rn^inccrs Will li] m mbtrs who have already lomcd th ucictv 1 lease sn,ii the list on the SM I ulletin bond m the autonioti\o labora L i\ We n ed vo r i ini nlelu scs and 1 hone nuinherb to te n pletc our records
—KLIG
WAA I cncint pncliec F riduy I eb 2 u d liicsdi\ March 3 Irictices art re <iu led for participation in tournament —EMUOIF
HOLLLNSBE
Modern Dance bveryone be at piactice rnday Feb 2) at 4 30 p m Saturday Feb 28 at 1 00 p m Monday March 2 at 4 00 p m Performance wiU be Monday March 12 at 7 00 p m in the Home Economics cafeteria — SLRBAN
RurrNEE
All Students An\ont Interested in c« tolling in red cross life aaviiip senior of Jrt structor class please call or report to Di bastwood jn his olTice room 110 flcldhouse before Saturday 1 eb 28 Phone 10 <0 —PAPENGUTII
V»wiwvv%w»wvw%wv%^w%vwvv\^%wwww^%v%\»v»vwww
Suits fitted to you and you alone Your new suit will fit you to perfection if it IS ci^tom tailored by liAHL lAILOII Pliouc 6030
>V%WVVWW%VWWWVWVWW\‘V%%W\WVVVV«‘VVVW%WVV%VV%«WVVW4$
I urduL BIij tr*, I 111 I Plaiir 1 r H II M I 1 iv
II
vill b
nil. til
Ihe fiiet el iss loi lunioi inspec toi tl unees foi the umv oicliiance dcpaitment opens tod iv iccoidmg to Plot C W Bees( dueetoi of defense tiaimng it the Univeisitv Vpplie itions toi the class hid been leceived ill list week Men between the ages of 18 Hid 15 who h ive eoinpleted one ve u in an e igineeim.., sdiool oi two Veais of legulai college vvoik m cludm,., eouises in eheniistiv phvs ICS and mathematics, ue eligible
foi the eouise
O M Inip I t 1 1 I n 1 1 mint I 1 ill 1 1 t\u
V I oar I 01 low nl I 1 m
K LG h
1 icelin^, M n lu\ it I !w ir 1 w ill Att nd me is r ONC '
Linditionnl Vthietic I cni,UL Ha me 11 I h Id S it n d v I e I ^) 1 e uU 1 in th fi I liilim Ir In ten ms Mill B pt t I 1 i u 1 a f 11 t TOI' BLACK
, Workers H V e Mai h Bi ol I
Uku mU b a I I F p m, cum 11 1J p m C ai Int
SI ill I K itt I h S epi
1 \li Ivi I i \ I
on Nl h 1 ei
Sii,ma Pi Muel a -T t e Iti i
Impoitmt mcctim-. M 1 1 n II room lib H del u VAN C\MI
Purdue Chriufetian Foundation Sundaj Piogiam Lafavette Chiistian Chuieh Sixth and Noith St 9 15—Catch iide tiom 131 S Grant 9 30—Student Class Assemble downstaiis Impoitant business Election of foundation offieeis toi summer term Come and expiess voui demociatie piivileges’ Speak ei of the moinmg Hubei t Rev
Holds Subicet The Peisonalitv ot Jesus 10 40—Chuich Woiship Seiviee Rev Dov le Mullen will pi each the seimon entitled “Religion and Life s Pioblems ’ second in a se ries of thice on the piaetieal le souices ot leligion 5 15—10c Suppti at IJl S Giant 5 45—Leave foi Climeli Bldg 6 00—-Sundav Evening Foiimi Movies vmII be shown of the Civil lan Public Seiviee Camps Theie will be election of Foi urn ofiiceis Woiship leadei is Cecil Williams
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT
QUALITY FOOD REASONABLE PRICES FRIENDLY SERVICE
lolcireen drug stores 410 Main Street
Aniiouiiriiig
Breathless
y
k iiPH cologne
By Gharberl
Il’b iicM —a capliN aliiig fragrance . . . by far 111 c crowning achicNcinenl ol (.UAKBERI’. CIIARBERT has created man) original fragrances in colognes. . . . and now—BieatlUesSf — truly, is the most breath-taking ol them all. DECKER’S INC. 518-20 Mam ... Phone 5086
5/
There's something pleasantly exciting about icecold Coca-Cola. Delicious taste that charms and never cloys. Refreshment that brings a happy aftersense of thirst contentment. You trust the quality of tlw real thing ...Coca-Cola.
You trust its quality'
BOTTltD UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO
In Lafayette, Only Crown has this— MONITE Protection Against Moth Damage.
Monile fabric - Monitc.
is an exclusive procc-s lor niolh proofing wool — Crown has the exclusive franehise in Lalayelte for
Top of the Hill
February 27, 1942
Dear Students:
Awake to the fact that the Purdue Ex-
of what is going one does to find
ponent is your one source on about our campus. All
out about Activities meetings or call-outs, is to look in the NOTICES. If you have lost something valuable, the most logical thing to do is to announce it in the CLASSIFIED AD section. Read about the latest National Events in the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND. Why wait any longer? Subscribe to YOUR school paper NOW! Sincerely, The
6th and Salem
Lafayette Indiana