/ \ S
BASKETBALL TEAM f Plays DePauw V-5 / In Opening Game
FASHION COLUMN [ Tells Of Wearing f Apparel For Carnival
EstabUBhedl88l
Kasap, Riggs
Voluble 56, No. 88
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, Decemfier 11,1943
Riggs, Kasap Rule Winter Carnival Childs' Band Cadettes
Will Rule As Othes Kings Tonight
ROSEMARY OJISCH Queen of the Icy Mists Student Senate To Hold Callout Next Thursday Student Senate will hold a callout next Thursday at 4 p. m. in room 360 of the Union Building for all service men and civilians interested in working with the student gover-ning body, Mitzi Konicek, in charge of publicity for the Senate, has announced. New projects and plans for the semester will be discussed at the meeting. As the only group of student representatives, the Senate sponsors all Student elections. This includes the Green Potters’ election, which is to be held next Tuesday. Of special need in the Senate office is a painter or artist who can help publicize Senate activities by posters. Varied Activities Other activities sponsored by the Senate are lost and found department, tutoring instructors, senior ]^drade" and mustache fights. The lost and found department operates constantly, collecting from campus buildings each week all the articles that have been left.
To Play At Formal Since attempts to secure hours for serivce men on campus to attend next Friday’s dance have failed, few uniformed men will be on hand when “The Rolling Styles” of Reggie Childs and his orchestra open the University’s formal season December 17 from 8 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union, under the sponsorship of the Student Union. Played Here a Year Ago Childs last visited the campus a year ago when he was signed as the second band for Military Ball. The band leader, who spent seven years at the Paris Conservatory perfecting his violin technique, was featured with Paul Whiteman, Vincent Lopez and Wayne King before organizing his own orchestra. Keeping his finger on the musical pulse of the nation, Childs frequently adapts his orchestra to the changing tastes of his audience. Loretta Vale and Deck Williams are featured with the group. A Christmas theme will prevail in the backdrop, which shows a couple seated before a window through which Santa Claus can be seen. Betty Cantley and Bob Holmes are in charge of arrangements. No Corsages While the dance is formal for men as well as women, corsages will not be in order. Tickets may be purchased now in front of the Sweet Shop for $1.66, and Monday they will also go on sale at the west desk of the Union. According to AWS, regular 12 o’clock hours for coeds will be main-
tained.
^By ,Jim Ackerman With more votes cast than even the President of the United States can garner, the Kings
Graduate Tuesday
Tuesday afternoon at 4 in Eliza
and Queens of the SDX Riveter’s Rassle managed to gather over 256 million votes. Martha Lee Riggs became Queen of Snowflakes as she polled 32,356,630 votes. The Marines went to bat for Mike Kasap and brought in 31,767,541 markers to mak^ him the ruler of the Snowflakees. With “Winter Carnival” as theme for the Riveter’s Rassle this year, the dress for the affair
will be strictly informal with all types of winter sport costumes in style for the evening. Two Fowler Hall 83 Curtiss-Wright ca- ■ - —— outstanding novelty acts have dettes will be honored by a gradua-
» been brought in from the out- ceremony which will mark the
Side world to entertain the end of their 44-week intensive train-ciTA-xT- j. ^ , ing course at the University, acSDX guests. One is Don Bal- cording to Prof. C. W. Beese, war don, a sensational tumbler and training director. They will now juggler, who has played thea- go to work in Curtiss-Wrigh't diviters all over the world. The si®” plants doing liaison work, trac-
ing, drafting, testing, structural analysis and laboratory work. Prof. Harry L. Solbei’g, head of the schools of mechanical and aero-
MARTHA LEE BIGGS Queen of the Snowflakes
other act is Helene Carroll, an ex-
otic dancing star.
Featuring vocals by Darlene, Maury Mann and his orchestra will
tune up at 9 p. m. and play until nautical engineering, will be in
i. L
Announces Safety Plans
midnight tonight. For those desiring tickets, there still remain a few tickets in the hands of SDX mem-
charge of the graduation exercises. Pi of. J. L. Lingo of the UniverMrs. Lillian Gilbreth, University sity public safety institute has anfaculty member and woman engi- nounced plans which will make it
bers and at the west desk of the program, possible for the group to offeT as-
Upion for 1.64 4-5 cents. Tickets will also be on sale at the door.
Since Mike
bragging that he is two men, maybe because of his size, the Thetas really stuffed the balloting files with votes for the Vaughn Twins. Thus Marge and Mary will reign as Queens of the No'rthern Lights. Dick Butsch’s allies made a last minute drive to put him on the
Prof. K. D. Wood of the aeronautical engineering department will
. , present the cadettes and Dr. A. A. U ZT Potteu dean of the schools of en-
gineering, will award the certifi-
cates.
Entered Last February
sistance to Indiana cities in making post-war improvements in traffic
control and public safety.
Under this new service, members of the institute will prepare detailed traffic surveys and recommenda-
The girls started their ten-month tions for both present and post-war course last February. Twenty-one changes. The program has been states and a score of colleges are developed in cooperation with the represented in the group. Seven Indiana Economic Council.
throne of Northern Lights with schools throughout the country par- Compiles Booklets
ticipated in the Curtiss-Wright
Recently staff ntembers prepared
xraming program. . j, • , . • , .... ,,. . . ., , , ,, , , V a new series of industrial protection The public IS invited to attend the .... 1.,..^, t,-
training pamphlets for Indiana industries. Covering such topics as
MARY AND MARGE VAUGHN Two for Queen of the Northern Light
Adivities Bureau Billiards Team Takes Will Hold Forum Eighth Place Thursday At 4 Wednesday In National Tourney
Activities Bureau is sponsoring an Activities Forum Wednesday at 4 p. m. in room 355 of the Union Building for all service men, freshmen and transfers who are interested in activities, Faye Tyler, Activities Bureau executive, has announced. Short talks are to be given by thfe heads of different activities. These will include Union, Debris, AWS, YWCA, Exponent, PIA, WBAA, Student Senate, Activities Bureau and Playshop. Representatives of these different groups will tell what workers are expected to do, how many are needed at the present time and the benefits that will be gained from their particular activity. To Show Movie Following the speeches, a movie will be shown on campus life. The film, which belongs' to the Activities Bureau, was made last year, and includes pictures taken at dapces, basketball games and other University functions. Attending this meeting will help to clarify exactly what the different activities do and it is open to ail students who are interested in activities. Radio Stage Will Present 'Dust On The Moon' Today Radio Stage will present a dramatization entitled “Dust on the Moon” pn its regular Saturday afternoon performance over WBAA at 1 p. m. The theme of the tale centers about two shipwrecked sailors and their heartless captain, and the ensuing mysteries when the captain selfishly leaves the'sailors behind on a deserted isle. Bill Murphy will play the part of the captain, Phil Wygant and Leonai’d Thompkins will portray the two sailors. Supporting cast are Justin Meacham and Sara An- . drew.
National Key Shots billiard tournament, which was played last Thursday; ended with the Riveters scoring 266 points and finishing in eighth place. Final results of the tournament sent from Cornell placed Indiana first with 383 points and Michigan second with 376
points.
Riveter competitors in the National Straight Rail tournament were Hal Roberts, M..J. Barrenechea, C. R. Yates, W. D. Keplinger and J. Culp. Results from this tournament are not to be announced until next Wednesday, when winners will be awarded the Noble Kizer trophy. Intercollegiate Next Week Another billiard contest is in the stage of preparation. Yesterday the preliminary local tournament of three cushion billiards was played, and the regular Intercollegiate tourney will be played next
week.
Also entries for the annual Coed Pocket Billiards tournament will be acc'eptqd until January 6. Tournaments for the coeds are to begin a week later. Glider Club Breaks Previous Record Last Sunday the Glider Club broke their previous record by making 103 flights in their field near the airport. Three students. Art Williams, Larry Johnson and Joanne Harkins, soloed. The club, is working night and day on a new glider and they pjan to complete it as soon as possible. Pi Tau Sigma ... national mechanical engineering honorary, met Tuesday to elect a new vice president and a new treasurer, selecting Paul C. Zmola and Donald C. Anderson, respectively. At the next meeting, on Wednesday, Dean of Engineers A. A. Potter Will be initiated as an honorary member of the fraternity.
graduation exercises. Curtiss-
Wright officials from two of the ^ . , ,. . . , , .,1 “Sabotage,” “Police Tactics,” “Safecompany s division plants will , ,, , • „ , ^
ty Inspections” and “Plant Protection,” these booklets present information compiled over a period of three years. Since the inauguration of the program, the institute has rendered services and training in over 400 Indiana industries, with over 2500 guards attending the
training courses offered.
MApON LIVELY Queeen of the Silver Skates
CAROLYN WILBUR Queen of the Shimmering Skis
Phillips Predicts Post-War League At Ag Conference
“The organization of a general league in Which every world power, large or small, will have a place, but with an inner circle of the four
AIEE To Elect Nine Students For Cabinet
over thirty million votes. Beautiful Rosemary Oesch, the choice of many of the campus mimeograph machines, will rule as Queen of the Icy Mists along with A1 Lindskoog of the Student Senate. In the last moment, several unforeseen gremlins came on the scene and elected Carolyn Wilbuz’, Exponent managing editor, and Rusty Squros, a Sigma Delta Chi member, as the rulers of the Shim-
mering Skis.
Originally Dusty Rhoades started out as a nominee for the Queens, but in the last minute (again), millions of scraps of paper flew in the window from as far away as Chicago and placed him in the I’unning for the Kings. In fact, when the
SDX began to light matches to the YWCA, which held its semester votes to see how long they took to membership drive this week, closed burn and thus estimate how many the drive last night with a retreat votes there were after counting in Lafayette for old and new mem-
them four times, Dusty came in bei’s of the organization, accoi'ding „ " ■ j. n j fifth for the kingship, even though to Doris Hahnenstein, pi’esident of were ins a e is
he finished eighth in the balloting YWCA. /Following dinner, the for the Queens. Though Dusty is group adjourned to the YWCA
King of the Silver Skates, if he house across town,
still insists, he will be allowed to At Hiis meeting Dean Clare Coolkiss Battleship Mike Kasap. Mar- idge, Mrs. G. R. Thornton and Miss ion Lively, the Kappa aspirant, will Jamieson led group discussions in be his partner on the throne of the planning projects for the coming
sp'eak, R. D. Carleton, engineering manager of the Louisville (Ky.) plant, and Humphi'ey Keever, planning engineer at the Columbus (O.)
plant.
YWCA Holds Retreat; Makes Year's Plans
AWS Installs New Executive, Judicial Boards This Week Members of the AWS Executive
Silver Skates.
year. They not only set up their
The program of the dance will goals for the year, but organized start popping at 10 p. m. when the the club as well. xr r a novelty acts will display their Officers of the club held an open Board wares. At 11 the grand march will house last Wednesday in the Tower
week in the AWS office. Officers ai’e as follows: Nelda Reed, president; Beth Ludbefg, viee-president7 Martha McCulloch, treasurer; Virginia Warren, secretary. Betty Murphy is junior representative; Katie Bii-d and Barbara Sanders are sophomore representatives, and June Hansen and Caiyl Lofquist are freshman repi’esentatives.
The Judicial
Ludberg,
BSard consists of
start with the crowning of the room of the Union whei'e Dean Beth Ludberg, chaii'man; Betty Kings and Queens. Sigma Delta Coolidge gave a speech telling ex- Wedge, Fay Gumper, Jeanne Crane, Chi has promised that the Igloo Pas- actly what the YWCA stands for. Peg Luehrs, Marilyn Loomis, Lucy AIEE members on campus are gion Palace (not pit) will open its Although formal membership drive Goetz and Virginia Feller.
electing the nine persons who will doors in the dance at precisely 9:30 has ended, girls ^re still encoui'- Standing committee chairmen in-
semester’s AIEE cabinet, jq and fi’om 11:15 to 11:30 p. m. aged to visit the YWCA office any elude Barbara Sanders, vocations;
great powers taking a position of Ray Smith, present vice chairman, with all of those who have griev- time and to get acquainted with the Marian Lafuze, residence; Barbara
primacy, is the logical post-war m- has announced. Five p. m. Wednes- ances against the world, the Snowternational organization,” was the day is the deadline for balloting, ball Throwing Concession will be conclusion of Dr. Robert Phillips of Votes will be accepted in the office ^-gady for target fire at the same the department of history, econom- of the Electrical Engineering time that the 'Palace opens. The
ics and government in his discus- Building,
sion yesterday before county agri- Nominees Announced
cultural agents and other Indiana
agricultural extension workers. contested for by eight persons: J, New Officers j p. qostas, J. A. Henderson, J. H. Officers for the year were elected Jeungst, R. E. King, R. L. Larson,
Thursday . as follows:
girls working on that activity.
Cuiiy, elections; Mercedes Golden, activities; Judy Jones, office; Mar-
Alnkn I r%mV\A^ Swanstrom, war effort; Mary Alpha LamDOa ueiia ozientation; Frances Al-
400 million votes that were cast in — I 'j.' j. nf J (assistant chairthe’election will be on display and I O Initiate rieOgeS man); Pat Patterson, social; Caro-
The office of chairman is being anyone who doubts the word of the ^ lyn Wilbur, publicity; Katie Bird,
counters may have the privilege of TQfYlOrTOW In UniOn book; Miss Coolidge and Miss recounting the ballots. McCulloch, advisers.
^ Many a surprise awaits those Initiation of 18 Alpha Lambda All old and new board members
Jesse Wood Shoals- first vSprrs- a T‘ W^ who walk in the door of the,Win- Delta pledges will be held tomor- ,^111 be entertained by Miss Mc- ’ ^ A. J. Weinbeigei. The one receiv- Carnival. For all one knows, row morning at 8:30 in the old Culloch at 7-30 on Thursday at
ident, C. A. Alcorn, Aurora; secre- ing the highest total will fill that the reindeer of Santa Claus may Chestnut room of the Union, fob Wood Hall ' tary-treasurer, Alfred Hesler, Cov- position, with the next three taking be there. It is doubtful that Santa lowing an initiation breakfast for in^ton Ray Burger, Mt. Vernon, the vice chairman posts, in charge ^ill be able to get there, as, accord- actives and pledges, was elected third vice president as of publicity, programs and mem- i^g to a letter which the SDX re- Pledges to the national scholaslepiesen a ive o assis an coun y bership,^ respectively. ceived last night, he was being held tic honorary for freshman women agen s ,an ^ ^ two nominees for the secre- over in the Az-ctic because of popu- who have made an index of 5.25 ter, was elected second vice presi- tary position are O. G. Myers and bar demand. during one semester of their freshen as zepzesen a iim o ozne q, p, Iddings. There is no contest jt .^ras rumored az-ound the cam- man year have caz-ried candles on emons za ion agen s. e a so wi for treasurer, since only one pez-- pus that those who wished to mime- campus during the past week.
son, Priscilla Hendricks, has been ograph any impoz'tant papers would Those to be initiated are Jean
nominated. have to wait until next week, as Leer, Mildred Maple, Mary Louise bers of the ASME Wednesday on Class Representatives eveiy machine on or near the Uni- Haymaker, Dorothy Doddridge, the latest developments in heat Also to be elected is one repre- versity’s property was being used Betty Katzenberg, Marge Steck, transfer. He told of his recent exsentative each fz-om the senior, jun- by backers of the contestants in Ruth Klausmeier, Olive Peterson, periments with the transfer of heat ior and sophomore classes. Senior the race for the Kings and Queens. Avalyn Lane, Juanita Garrett, through pipe walls, taking into accandidates are F. E. Funk, C. C. When the total number of votes was Laurie Wear, Margene Fawbush, count not only the axial (direct) Maztindell and W. L. Schoonover, counted, the marker committee Jean Burnham, JuJianne Reed, Cleo flow, but also by the convection and F. J. Vegh and W. J. Williams found that more votes had been cast DeKay, Shirley Eldridge, Mary flow. Prof. Boelter is noted all Over are the juniors. Only sophomore than thgre were people in this coun- Martha Bertsch and Mrs. Dorothy the country as an expert in this nominated is G. L. Briggs. (See KINGS, QUEENS, page 4) Benzer. beld of research.
serve as president of demonstration agents’
tion.
the home organiza-
K, Boelter Speaks At ASME Meeting Prof. K. Boelter, mechanical en* gineezing specialist of the University of California, spoke to mem-
Eta Kappa Nu Raymond R. Nuding Alan W. Weinberg Gerald D. McMullen
Robert G. Young Lester KoenigPurdue Exponent
/ Saturday, December if, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Gdrtibin^d with
Purdue Independent
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. fn., 5377
‘Eiiiot Businesfi Manafrer.. News Editor., Mana>ihR Editor..-;. Sports Editors
........Ellis Mtirpli: Mary Dilts William H. Tysoi Carolyn WilbP ..Raymond J. Smith, Russell M. Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Abbott, Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A. Gretnos, .Jahio.s T. Richardson, Margaret Y. StofTes, Jamo: Ackerman. Frank Vogh. Phyllis Mhnii. Martha Roe Katy Howe.'?. Service Staff: Morris Bettor, Gabriel Elias, Leo Friedman. Jack Manirc, Jay Newman, .Terry Koetting, Bob Baker.
Business Staff
AdvprtifiinR: Manager: C. L. Gaunt. AasiWant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney, Circulation Manager: R. G. Saxierman.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Vegh Day Editor; RiggJ City Editor: IIowcs Issue Editor: Tuesbur/ Sports Editor: P. Garber . Reportcr.s: Streeter, HcUTrich, Bird, Mertz. Yargar. Win<?r Pagliariilo. R. Girgory, Mtn*j)hy. VVclsh, Krc. StefTes, Brooks
Staff Photographer: W. C. ToJber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay . ett«, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectior 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorii^ed January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday. Thursday and Saturday mbrninga during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered dailj; by carrier for $1.2r) for a semester; by mail for 31,60 for s semester. Sub.=icriptions muj' be obtained at the Exponent office or at the We.«t Desk of the Union. Reprcsenled for iiational advertising by National Advertising . Service. Inc,, ■ College Publishers Representativeu, 42t Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. . ‘ .
mSUlHSTOH
Tm U. $. f.l. Of*.
• y amARSON Senator Vandenberg Reveals True FRets of Soldier - Vote; Russian Army Pauses For Big Drive
Tbkd Championship
Tonight we start another chapter in our history book of Boilermaker sports when the basketball team opens its season against the DePauw pre-flight team. We have just completed one of the most successful chapters by winning two Conference championships during the fall term. Tonight the members of the squad that Coach Lambert chooses to send into, the game will have the intention of continuing the success that the football and cross country teams have enjoyed. It takes a little more than the hard playing of the actual pei-formers to bring home new championships. It takes the strong, wholehearted support of the students. By virtue of the experience gained in the several games played thus ■''ar this season the Navy five are slight favorites to win the game, but with the support of li; : : ; uiients the team will have enpugh incentive to overcome the disadvantage. Since only three games Uflll be played at home before the Indiana team comes to take its beating, this will provide the spectators a chance to learn their players. Let’s pack the Fieldhouse to capacity tonight, and give the team a real send-off for the THIRD Conference championship of .the year.
Fashions For Femmes
By Carolyn Wilbur
Tonight,/ fashion at the SDX dance is trying to encourage old man winter to redecorate the country side as it was yesterday morning by displaying a winter carnival scene. Every coed can be a queen. It is all according to that personal quality termed “appearance” w-hether or not she looks like the Queen of the Icy Mists or of the Shimmering Skis. Who.ever saw a lady dressed in a rayon chiffon gown with velvet around the neckline or a black Celahe.se crepe dress with heavy gold accessories at a Winter Carnival? We hope no one. This evening the coeds can show off their sport’s attire which the moths have been forced to view through gas masks during the long summer If it is the desire to impersonate the Queen of the Silver Skates, it is suggested that a red and white wool jacquard pullover with lots ofi reindeer be worn with a navy blue or black pleated skirt. By the way, don’t forget the white sweat socks and mocassins to complete the outfit. Perhaps Queen of the Northern Lights Is the goal. If .so, a man-sized brightly plaid shirt should give plenty of color. Queen of the Icy Mists may be dressed in a heavy white wool turtle-neck sweater with lots of ribbing at the waist. Queens'of the Silver Skates may be seen gracefully gliding by in beige corduroy jackets, olive green or rust sport shirts, and brown box-pleated skirts. Long wool ribbed kneelength socks will be just the thing. As a few last suggestions, a gardenia aids in putting across that “come hither” approach and a little Tigress will keep the King closely by all evening. And not to neglect the Kings, a wonderful sug-gestior is in the form of dressing like his re.spective ()u"^‘ri, v.-nether it be each in a reindeer swc. a corduroy jacket with matching coloi-uu skirts and trouser.s and socks. If it is a service man, trying to decide which shij-t, lje> or socks he should wear, let us suggest—the cleanest.
WASHINGTON.—Two-fisted Senator Vandenberg of Michigan, no friend of the Roosevelt Administration, summed up the soldier-vote bill situation whefi he said that the Eastland substitute would’ “make it practically impossible for absentee Michigan servicemen to vote.” “A man is entitled to .vote as well as fight,” concluded Vandenberg. One thing he had in mind is the fact that most State legislatures are not scheduled to meet next year, and a number will not meet until after elections. Thei’efore, it is a safe bet that few legislatures would act on the recommendation of the Eastland Bill to pass absentee soldiers’ vote legislation. Vandenbel'g’s statement, together with the fight wagjpd by Senator Scott Lucas of Illinois, co-author of Hhe Original soldier-vote bill, were among the few higjr points of statesmanship in one of the worst debacles of democracy so far seen among the so-called statesmen of the U. S. Senate. In contrast, there were many low points, one of them stirred up by white-thatched Senator James M. Tunnell of Delaware, who declared of the Eastland substitute: “If the Senate does not want the boys to vote, let it say so fearlessly. Let us not use a subterfuge and pretend we are giving them something when we are not.”
them aw;ay. > . " Shocking revelation number two concetfis ttie role of the Greek sisters. I'h^ ijelta Gammas battled the Sig !Eps fov control of the mimeograph rttachine in the Fraternity Giiiice." kote: the DG’s won. Although the Sig Eps’ attempt to vote for one of the queen candidates ivas frustrated, there were other eVidenctiS Of cooperation between groups on campus as witness the note on the WRH bulletin board which read, “Everyone vote for Mike “Ro.sebud” Kasap, Final uninasking of the people behind the election concerns SpX’s reason for sponsoring the thing. Por weeks the fexpohent’s supply of copy paper has been low and a stuff-the-ballot-box affair like the Rassle election was the cheapest way the resourceful business manager could’ find to replenish the supply. Such, uninitiated mortals, is a portion of the undercover work which has been occurring on the campus. Evert we would have to blush if we told you the whole story. But the Boss certairily will be interested in it.
;30^—Musical Varieties
:5J)-Nows—News „ - ’ . . :00“ Afternoon Melotlies—Mari'/ Louise ■ Reppert, ititttfist ’ f' ;16~Mlisicrt—'The. jobiReporter.i_ :80,—Tea Time 'runes —MtmicnLVa*’ieties ;66.'—News-News . '■ / . ’ :00—Tea Time Tunes.--Tea Time-Tunes :li() •-Siis’t lloJajt~‘3/list Relait . , ’ .
:S5—NewB—rMeWs
•M-—Little, Miss. MUifett—Little;iMiSB.
Muffett . . :16—Music-—Music -
:S0—^Go to ChuKlh Sufi{]ltyr--Y<!sp(!rB :
MB—Music—Spprts Review.,: ■
:(I0—Minute of Prayer- rMihulie Ot Prayer ;01—The Dinner Hour—The Dinner Hour
;B5—Nows—News'
f:J.O —ijavy. JJusie—Cl\in<5se, Sto^o,;.
:ifi-H ome Deferisq-r'Allies ■'vs. -.30—Mua'Ic—^Tratie Winfls Tayerh’
MB—NetliOI'iaiidit RiuliO NbWS—MCSie :66—^Draniatizeel News—-Di'amatized- News
;1B—-Music—Music,
:00—Music—The Bookman :30—Hasten the Day—Voice of the ATrity
:t5~Muisie—Music iBij.—News—'Nows .
:00—Hniop Mixor^—Musfcana ;30— Anyfhih'k hut SWinfe—Ahj/thifiK Rut
••BB—News—'News ,
;0B—GFf TH® AIR—OFF T|JE :^IB
WBAA Schedule
‘That’s the recreation hall where the U.S.O. entertains us 29 days outsi the month—payday we shoot craps.”
10:4511:00-
Senator SmSth Replies
To this, Senator “Cotton Ed” Smith of South Carolina replied: . “Doesn’t the Senator believe his State is patriotic enough—as are other States—to call a special session of the legislature to provide an oppoi'tunity for the precious boys to vote?” Raging with fury, Tunnell shot back: “Why does the Senator speak so sarcastically by saying ‘the pre‘’"cious boys’?” Smith sputtered in confusion, did not answer the question. Finally regaining his composure after the emotional slip-up, the South Carolinian asked Tunbell if it would be “impossible” to call special sessions of State legislatures. Tunnell replied that it would' be “impossible to get the soldiers to vote in accordance with the proposed substitute, and no one knows it any better than the Senator from South Carolina.” “I do not know any such thing,” replied Smith meekly. “Then the Senator doesn’t know as much as he should know,” countered Tunnell amid laughter from the galleries.
the witches’ beat..
- by the harriffans;-
11:50T1 :B3* 12;06. 12:1S' 12 -.SO12 :4B. 12 :53.1:00. 1:1B 1 ;30-
Hallo. Elsewhere in this issue the results of the elections for Rassle royalty are announced. As witches, weVe had to do less work on this election than on any other-we’ve meddled in. In fact, all we have left to do is to tell you the story behind the story. First startling disclosure: the election was not honest. It was run by unscrupulous Sig- — ^
1 :BS. 2. :00-
Saturdays Monday ■-NGWs-~Ne\vs —Smile Time—Smile Time ---Morning Melpdies--"“Dipl()matic History of the U. S.”, Prof. L. Sears -^Music —Purdue News—-Purdue News —News—News —Music—Farm Forum —Meet tho Band Meet ihc Band —Markets , • —News-r- News —Radio Stage—Home Makers Club of -- ' Music 1-Marching to Victory—Parents’ • Forum the Air' — Markets —News—News • ' -Story a Day—Story a Day . —Petie Musicale:—Concert Hall
ma Delta Ghis, those ersatz Exponent mimeogriiph machine journalists, who are typified by before the contest was anT- nr j 11 ur j 11 j-1, nounced and used up quarts of ink Jim Wendell. Wendell was the , . , , ^ 4.v, turning out votes for one of the alias used by the SDXer who candidates. What puzzles us is why counted the votes and wrote he even bothered printing the votes the publicity for the dance. As an since the votes he counted disapindication of the honesty of the peared immediately afterward. He election, Wendell “borrowed” the claimed the janitor had thrown
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
SUNDAY - MpNbAY
-—and TERESSA WRIGHT
'SHADOW OF A DOUBT' — ALSO — POPEYE CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY
"BLACK MARKET RUSTLERS” "HI YA CHUM" "DAREDEVILS OF THE WEST” PATHE NEWS
Quief' Oh Red Front
The Big-Three conference is sure to be followed by a luU on the Russian front. Military experts agree that the Red Army will pause to gather strength for the roads are now boggy. But principal factor will be the west, and south. Weather will play some part in this lull, for Russian coordinated blow against Germany from the east, need to gather forces for the winter drive, timed to strike Germany at the same time as the invasion of western Europe, and a possible operation against the Balkans. The Red Army has advanced so far that lines of supply are stretched thin, and large areas between the fighting front and the bases of supply are ravaged by the see-saw of armies. Roads must be built, wires strung, and rail lines changed back from the German to the Russian gauge. Thus, the Russian forces will be doing more engineering than fighting in the next few Weeks.
One Man-Wendell Willkse
Here are the inside facts behind the isolationist' book, “One Man—Wendell Willkie,” a critical take-off on Willkie’s “One World”, brought out as a part of the Stop-Willkie campaign. The author, G. Nelson Sparks, former Mayor of Akron, Ohio, did' most of the writing, but the office of Senator Gerald Nye of North Dakota and a former secretary of Herbert Hoover had a hand in the book’s preparation. Gerald W. (“Spike”) Movius, long-shanked, maga-zine-writer secretary of Senator Nye, ghost-wrote the first chapter and part of another, also assisted in editing the book. The original manuscript was submitted for suggested changes to both Movius and Ray Richmond, executive secretary of Hoover’s “National Committee on Food for Small Democracie.s,” which folded up just before Pearl Harbor. Another who had a hand in the actual writing was Geoi'ge Briggs, a Minneapolis free-lance writer who sei ved on Sparks’ publicity staff vvhile the latter was promoting the campaign of Frank Gannett, New Yoi’k Newspaper publisher, for the GOP Presidential nomination in 1940. The book, a colored narrative of alleged incidents in Willkie’s political career-including his story-book nomination by the Philadelphia Republican convention in 1940—i.s aimed at stamping Willkie as a political accident. It is published by E. C. Rayner, a small New York publisher who went to high school with Sparks in Ohio, according to friends. , Sparks tried to get Publisher Gannett to “angel” the work, but Gannett apparently didn’t consider it a good business proposition. The author finally had to put up about $4,000 of his own money. The rest of the initial publishing cost was supplied by the Rayner firm.
Starts TOMORROW
NOT SINCE ‘TELL IT TO THE MARINES’ has there been such an exciting, actionfilled, laugh-studded story of America's fighting Leathernecks.. . and their gals I
ROY ROGERS — In "SILVER SPURS" — PLUS—
"THE CITY THAT STOPPED HITLER" "HEROIC STAUGRAD"
Ramey^s New Career
Broad-shouldered Representative Homer A. Ramey of Ohio, who collects old coins, almost collected some money from an unexpected source the other day. As Ramey was about to leave his apartment hotel lor the office, he noticed an elderly lady in the lobby who .seemed in great distress. Burdened with two large suit-cases, she was trying to make a train, but couldn’t find a porter. “Let me help you, lady,” offered the Ohio Congressman. He carried the suitcases outside to a taxi. As he was about to leave, the woman handed him SS
cents.
“Thank you, George,” she said. Red-laced, the $10,000-a-year Congressman re-turned-the tip. “My name’s not George,” he explained diplomatically. “ That’s the name of the porter in this apartment house.” , (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc,)
liiAIIS
itn 0iir .. ntfPemn BORRIIH minEUITCH
TRe Screen’s Most THRILLahle Threesomef
MARi
Starting TOMORROW
»nAV tVENlNO POST
STORVV
PRESENTS HIS
WITH THEIR OWN REVUE
FEATURING
BILL McEUVE
AND HIS BEVERLY HILLS NIGHT CLUB ORCHESTRA — PLUS — , ^ PATSY MONTANA FEATURED SINGER FROM WLS BARN DANCE And Tex Justus and his Kentucky Hill Billies
ON THE SCREEN
ADMISSION THIS ATTRACTION
11:45-1:30. ALL SEATS 33c 1:30-CLOSING BALCONY ...44c MAIN FLOOR 55c CHILDREN ..20e
STAGE SHOWS AT: 1:18-3;30-5!42-7:58-10:10
Starting TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY-
ALLBRItTON BARRYMORE ROBERT PAIGE ,
:'ifv
:’W%:■7WS"
up
Mh
!Xrmy,^ Nmy, M«rm^ News
Sj^tufday^ December 11, 1943
For Serviee Met^, By Service Men
Pa0^ f
Playshop To Give Service Show MI Temorrow Playshop, campus dramatic otganissation, will give a sefvitife men’s peiformance of “The Pursuit of Happiness” at 2 30 p m tomorrow in Fowler Hall All service men will be admitted free and may bring dates for tire rejgujar single admission price ol 76 cents This performance is an experiment to ^eteijmine whether shows for service mep can be presented in the future Without taxing the Playshop treasury !Pull royalties must be paid if anyone not in the service is admitted, so some charge must be made to cover this If (BnCugh men hrrng d^tes, the royal ties can be paid and the test will a success t'hen more shows of Jihis |tind may be expected N^ice Service i^en, Jhave you a Christpias jpai^^ge to send home’ The Activities l^ureau will help you with (popping, wrapping or mailing your presents home. Drop in at room 3^6 at the Union or call Activities Bureau office between 4 and 5 p m.
Notices
LectUte Oh Glads t Sigtria Na tiozial *Honorai^ir Society will spon sor a popular It'dtuie Glass Its History aud It«; Usds to be giVcn fcy th K Lftl^k-ttdfoVitF The pldcd 6t ihectiitg bt. tHe itl&ih lec tuip nail loom i()3 of the Phystcs Buildmt, at 8 p m on Monday December 13 JHud tratiotis ^lll be feivch ivith hrt tlass 'f^om vaiibuB Idcdl cblllctions rfnd Tamp hnU slides Irom the Steuben OiViSion of the Corbirig Glass Co ^rhc \ai‘ioUs Exhibits of rare art glass will be 6pen to the public in
... .. —
room 103 at 7 30 p m
WENDELL
HAVE YOU VISITED THE MODERN, WELL-EQUIPPED FOWLING ALLEYS IN THE BASEMENT OF THE UNION? IF YOU HAVEN’T, REMEMBER—BOWLING IS NOT ONLY FUN, BUT IT HELPS YOU TO KEEP FIT. SO, DROP DOWN TO THE BOWLING ALLEYS THIS AFTERNOON OR TONIGHT
JhjL (pJUUtdjUSL TBmwimL IdmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Lutherans Sunday devotional will be held December 12 at 7 SO p rti m the West Eac ult^ LoUnge of the Union The topic and discussion will be led by Dick Wallace ‘-MaI’THEWS Omicron Nu Initiation and banquet on Monday Dfee IT at 5 30 p m ih dininj^ room third floor of H E building ^SHIVELY Christian Science Orffanization Meeting will be held ’TiresddAy DeTr 14 at 7 30 P m in room 863 of the Union —SCHWANDT Activities Bureau All workers leport to oftice at 4 p m Monday Dec 13 —JONES Frdshman Engineers Both GE 1 and GE 2 meet Saturday Dec 11 at 8 a m in room 120 of the Blectrldal Engineering Building Seht assignments foi those Who Wete absent on Dec 4 will be found posted on refit hf ICeturt room nefii north dooi —KNAPP Cfitalysls Sn,n up in the Chemical Engi nekuing office before Wetlneseday Dec IT foi the chicken dinnei to be held Saturday Dec 18 All students faculty members aiid plt(lj..eh in },uod standing will meet at the Chemical and Met illingicbl building at T 15 p m Saturday BREMER Pi Tau Sigiha Aetives and graduate mem bers bt si re to attend the initiation of Dean Potter on Wedntstday Dec 15 at 7 p m in the Mechanical Engineering Building -WORMSER
JluL ^[juxJuf Baq. By Jcty N^man, A S , USNR • AN INTRODUCTION TOM PIPER, A S Foi no particulal leason, Maurice Pifer has always been known to his shipma|;es as “Moot” Anyone iieing introduced to Maui ice would be invited to “meet Moot, the Boot” Until lecently his only claim to fame lay in his Wieid nick name This week, however, Moot levealed to the startled Woild anothdi peculiai attribute he is a pianist And what a pianist' When bieakfast is ovei tKeie aie usually seveial minutes left for the boys of Co A to lelax and enjoy a smoke in N W Caiy lounge befoie 080Q classes begin It is during this time that Moot wanders into the lounge, sits down at the piano, calmly stretches his fingeis, and begins A few soft notes and then a thundering ciash endo fills the air The effect IS always the same Reads jeik around in the dnection of the quiv eiing piano, cigarets fall from open mouths, and eyes blink unbelievingly Poi Moot has followed one tiemendous chord with another and is now in a veiy fienzy of activity His hands fly over the keyboard as though it were red hot, his face becomes tense and his hair falls into his face in the most traditional manner The music which comes out is liable to be Rachmaninoff s, Schubeit’s, or just plain Pifei s But it is always good So good, in fact, that rarely is a woid spoken while he le playing The peifoimance is apt to be erratic Moot has ten year’s of playing expeiience, but he hasn’t really practiced toi neaily a year He’s liable to pause right in the middle of a ^lassage to cool his hands Or he may lepeat the same lun thiee times until it sounds just light His abiupt pauses give new meaning to the title “The Unfinished Symphony” His audience however is alwavs delighted and asks foi more Befoie he gets famous, we hope Moot will be allowed to change his name back to the mOie acceptable Maurice
Coeds Prove Themselves Good Engineering Students
Faulkner Will Speak To Soil Silence Society Edward H Faulkner, falm editor of radio station WTAM, Cleveland, Ohio, will speak befoie a meeting of the Soil Science Society of In diana to be held in the west fac ulty lounge of the Union on Monday night at 7 o’clock , In his recently published book, “Plowman’s Folly,” which has at ti acted nation wide attention, Faulkner expresses the belief that the commonly accepted plow brings about the complete destruction of the top soil by leaving it naked and exposed to wind and water erosion As a substitute foi plowing he advocates the use of a disc to keep the soil protected with an oiganic mulch of plant lesidues
• SHOCKING STORY We walked into House No 1 recently and lound the boys walking around the mam deck with fluoiescent light tubes in then hands Every once in a while, one of them would touch the tube to a ladiator and it would light up in a brilliant glow, just as it does when it’s m a desk lamp Now being a well informed person, we were entirely familiar with getting heat from electricity That’s easy But here vere these sailors calmly walking around getting electricity from heat, and that just isn’t being done The explanation tuined out to be simple Everjone has had the experience of walking acioss the rug on a cold daj, touching a metal object, and getting a nasty shock This is the same thing Walking across the carpet on the mam deck, these fellows had picked up a large electric charge When they held their finger on one entl of the tube and touched the other end to the radiator, a dischaige had taken place causing the tube to light up momentarily Incidentally, we asked a professor in the electrical building about the whole affair, and he said the human body could build up a charge m itself which Would create a potential of several thousand volts And that’s enough to knock you down with several elections left over
• FAMOUS LAST WORDS ‘ Hey, eveiybody come get a piece of the fiuit cake I just got fiom home ” “That’s a nice pictuie theie on your diessei Who is it youi giand mothei’s ’ ” ‘ Boy, I can’t wait until they start PE classes again ” “Lissen I’ll take caie of the cars When I say ‘by the right flank march’ you march, see’”
And now Beau Brutnmell gives you a victory tie to meet the consumer demand for years. It’s the 4Fold MINUTE TIE ... a washable fabric by Goodall in a wealth of smart colorful designs. A companion to 4Fold Palm Beach Ties. See this new creation today. Be thrifty — wear Beau Brummeli 4Fold MINUTE TIES. MADE IN AMERICA
TRULYiS.^ . y.4WE»WESQE
Men's Shop — Street Floor
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luKgage typewriters Albeits Loan Office 40 Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo prraph woik done C P Ebershoff 606 Main Lafayette Phone 277J Wanted—A boy to Woik at the An port fiom 0 30 to 8 p m Must bo able to drive car Apply Puulue Unu n Cnfoteiifi Office Trumpet tenor and ilto sax man wanted Ph nc 60015 aftei > TO Lost—Bi \\n billfold w th Gaiy address "^f found rctuin to Lou Jean Brigjrs 146 N Crant Lost—An aqua stone r ng with small s ir lounding setting neai Chem annex Reel tation liuilding oi Heavilon Hall last Friday Return to Heavilon Hall mam office Re war i Will pay cash for 1040 or 1941 automobile convertible club coi pe sedanette Jose Dosamantes Latin American Group Union building 84 1 Lost—Brown billfold containing 3 asspoit conditional license Black Hills Fission Play pa etc Rctiin to Charles Lee B itler ‘^IS Waldron Phone 2390 Rewt id I ost—Gold Elgin wrist watch—gold sti 13) Rcwaid Call Ma lan Donham 2o 0 Lowell L Martin attorney 339 Vin^. needs dr \ci foi cai Mu t 1 tiong Desirable 1 <m pait compenbation Res phone 5339 Office phone 09 )3 Board—Poi male st dents Gtol fool 18 meals served pel week Location 204 Mar stellar sti eel Phoie2410 Buy War Bonds
By Martha Lee Riggs Coeds aie coming into then own once again In past yeais many as piling coeds of the Univeisity have found then ways into the engineei ing schools and have maintained then light to he there By way of then ability, they have paitially overcome the opposition and pie judiced lesentment that men pei sist in having against them But the men aie evidently begin ning to be convinced now, and this year the engmeeiing schools have collaboiated with the home ec school to include women in a new engmeeiing cuiiiculum created pui posely foi them The new cum culum IS listed as “housing ” and has piomises of becoming a veiy populai one as it continues to de velop Fifteen Students Enrolled now are about 16 coeds who are, of course, either fresh men or sophomores who have erther rnitiated the curriculum here or have transfer red from some other university All of them speak very enthusiastically of then piospeets, and they seem paiticularlv glad of the oppoitunity to get s^rrethmg a little moie i evolutional y than the tiaditionglly feminine field of home economics and yet not to have to go to the extieiije of enteiing the engineei mg schools that eds insist upon pieseivmg foi themselves Although housing is a couise in an adventuious field, it is also a veiy practical one with many pos sibilities foi its giaduates It is only iiatuial that vomdir should be Intel ested in making a well planned home from a \vell planned house, and it IS only piactical that as stu dents in housing they should be po tential authorities on the subject Wide Curriculum Then educational set up piepares them for just that Besides six gen eral engineering courses these co eds are also required to take more intensive work in electrical, me chanical and civil enigneeiing When a person has completed this work, she will have complete and up to date intoimation not only on furnishing's of a home but also on the actual constiuction and tunda mental planning oi that house in the beginning The possibilities of remodeling and what it involves will also have been consideied Jobs on which these giaduates
may apply then technique are numerous One field is that of consumei seiwice m which a person may act in the capacity of adviser to prospective consumers on building their new homes selecting their standaid equipment and supervising its inteiioi decoiation Also manufactuieis have an open field for the dlstiibutioii of then building products and household equipment, and then advertising will require reliable authorities on all related subjects Large Open Field Finthei more, research in housing IS lea'^hing a new high There is now and theie will be greater post wai demand for technicians m laboi atones wheie new household and building pioducts are being developed and tested Housing m its form as a course at the Univeisity skillfully combines wide technical knowledge with practical application The curriculum includes veiy technical woik in chemisti-y math engineering and phvsics Also included are general home economics courses and the practical application is emphasized m Home Management House Fren Men Interest in the course is increasing because its piospeets aie very encouiaging Besides being a practical satisfaction for the adventurous urge of coeds, it should also be a bumper course for eds who have become interested in home economics some of whom have entered the school and excelled in the traditional field for women There are unlimited possibilities for them in industiies concerned with the building and equipment of homes Shorthorn Cattle Sell At $500 Each Thirty five head of/^olled Shorthorn cattle, ^old at the second annual sale at Lynnwood farm, brought $17 600 an average of $500 each Lynnwood farm, located near Carmel was given to the University in 1942 by Chailes J Lynn of Indirnapolis This sale, held seveial weeks ago was one of the best ever held in the cential states for this bleed of cattle Try An Exponent Classified'
SpAuce, lAp,
FOn CHRISTMAS!
FREE DELIVERY
Northwestern at Vine Street
FREE DELIVERY
Phone 4081
No Boys, it’s tho DEBRIS
Absolutely Your Last Chance to Get the CAMPUS CATALOGUE for $3.50 Price Goes UP to $4.00 on December 12WT
f-H
i V
■" ^ '■ If \ I’f
p^i
Pursue Exponent
Saturday^ December 11, 1943
iMn^
Boilermaker Netmen Open Campaign Tonight
DePauw V-5, Riveter Contest Starts At 7:30
PURDUE
Lodge
Horn or Gustafson Kennedy or Frazier
Haag Friend
PROBABLE LINEUPS Position
F F C G G
9n, JfuL Initial Swimming Meet
Scheduled For Today
DEPAUW V-5 Sadowski Cartier Sehroeder Wendland Tourek
OFFICIALS—Referee, Karl Dickerson, Crawfordsville; um-
pire, T. R. Smith, W. Lafayette.
BROADCASTS—WBAA, Purdue; WDAN, Danville, 111. Built around a pair of major letteimen and two holdovers from last year’s biilliant freshman team, Coach Ward Lam-, bert’s twenty-seventh Boilermaker basketball team will launch the 1943-44 season tonight at 7 30 as they meet the highly outed DePauw V-5 quintet, winners of six out of seven games played this yeai As of last night, Lambert DePauw team will be Caitiei, a 6 was undecided on two of the ^ inch foiwaid fiom Maistarting assignments He did, Wednesday night the cioss camhowever, indicate that Paul pus nvals of the DePauw V 5 Friend and Charlie Haag will team, the DePauw Umveisity handle the duties of the guaids squad, will piovide the opposition Starting at centei Mill be eithei foi the Boileimakeis in the second Jack Kennedy oi Steve Fiaziei Bill game of the yeai at the Field Lodge Will be one of the staiting house The DePauw Umveisity foiwaids, while the fifth man to team has lost only one game this take the couit will be eithei Denny yeai, losing to the V 5 team fiom
DePauw 4l 40 They have defeat ed Cential Noimal and Indiana
Umveisity
Lf. H. B. Schfeman foimei diiectoi of the Wom-
Wesley Foundation Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev. E. R Balsley, Minister 9 30—Sunday School 10 40—Morning Woiship at the Fust Methodist Church The sei moil theme is to be “The Kingdom of God ” Music will include a solo by Marjoiie Zumstem and the anthem IS to be “And the Gloiy of the Loid,” fiom the Messiah 6 15—F-eiroWsKip suppei at 15 cents a plate 6 00—Theie will be a hymn and caiol festival led by S E Keller Doiothy Weis will give the stones of the hymns and caiols 7 00—Closing woiship 6 45 on Thuisday—Town Hall
meeting
Coach Papenguth announced yesterday that the initial swim meet of the year will be held in the Fieldhouse this afternoon
at 3:30
The meet will feature the breast stroke, free style sprint, 220 and 440 free style, back stroke, and diving. The back stroke team will include Huntington, Nelson, Kar- '' ' I IM John, Wolverton, and Cum-
ming with Porter, Kann, Parry, Leach, Glasser, Lawson and Salmon, the most outstanding of these, making up the free style team The 220 and 440
Horn 01 James Gustafson
Stars Return
Fiiend was a legulai on last year’s vaisity, playing the position of guaid, as was Jack Kennedy Lodge and Haag weie membeis of last yeai’s fiosh team, while Fia
ziei played with Southwestern of Residence Halls at the Univei Kansas in 1942 Gustafson comes sity who is now an executive offi to the team as a foimei vaisity ^ei of the SPARS is featuied in player for North Dakota Horn is an article concerning the activities the only man among the possible oi the Women s Reserve of the starters who has had no college Coast Guard published in the Deexpeiience He is a freshman from cembei issue of the Crescent,” na
First Christian Church Corner Sixth and North Rev Doyle Mullen, Minister 9 30—Sunday School The speak er IS Alice Ford Wright 10 40—Church Service 5 to 7—Sunday Evening Club Saturday the 18th—A party in the basement of the church at 8 A P Sunday the 19th—Kappa Beta pledging at 9 a m
Princeton, Ind , where he played for the local high school Lt Everett Case’s Navigators from Gieencastle, having hit mid season form in winning six games, will take the court as slight favor lies The only team to administer defeat to the DePauw squad is Wis consin, wiming out by three points rn the closing seconds of the game, While the Flyers hold victories over several professional teams includ ing the famed Harlem Globe Trot ters Wendland, Sadowski Stai Case will be banking heavily on Russ Wendland former Northwest ern captain, and Ed Sadowski Lo las College star Rounding out the
tional publication
Beta
of Gamma Phi
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 o’clock noon Decern ber 18 Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of de partments These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject s given Ihe cards should then be hied in the Registiar’s Office —DEAN OF MEN TRY AN EXPONENT CL \SSIFIED
Universitj Presbyterian Church North Street, near Grant Rev John W Findley, Minister 9 30—Class for Bible Study under the leadership of Dr Graves of the mathematics department 10 30—Morning Worship service The guest preacher. Rev Dale Robb, will speak on the theme “Let’s Open the Book ” The music will in elude ‘Melodie Celeste” by Koschat and Sibelius’ ‘ Finlandia ” Lucille Tostevin will sing Schubert’s “Ave Maria ” 5 00—Erening Fellowship with games food and a social get togeth ei The group will sing Christmas carols in pieparation for next Sun day’s caroling Janet Place is song leader
Former Purdue Stars Shine In Charity Game Two former Boilermaker basketball stars, Forrest “Frosty” Sprowl and Charles “Red” Caress, figured prominently in a recent all star naval basketball game staged for the church charity fund at Fort Schuyler, N Y The rosters of the two competing squads read like a basketball “Who’s Who ” In addition to Sprowl, the East West squad, whrch chalked up a 59 50 victory over the Mrdwest crew, included Bob Davies, Seton Hall, Gene Englund, Wisconsin Bill Bornheimer, Georgetown, Lefty Steffin Ken tricky State, Fred Rehm, Wiscon sin, and Carlo Barberi, Central
Michigan
Caress appeared with a squad that included Ed Riska, Notre Dame, Wilbur Schumacher and Bob Dietz Butler, Harold Hull Marys ville Teachers Chips Sobek, Notre Dame and Gilbert Huffman, Ten
nessee
Sprowl led the scoring for the victors by racking up a total of 19
points
Freeman To Speak Every two weel s during the aca demic year the rgionomy depart ment holds a seminar and this Mon day it 4 Atisociate Dean V C Freeman will speak Dean Freeman will address the meeting on Resi dent Teaching in Agronomy for a Post War Agriculture ”
Boilermakers Lose Lanky Jack Swantz To Armed Forces John Swanfz, rangy veteran center, one of three holdover major letter men on Purdue’s basketball squad, has been ordered to report for rnduction tomorrow to his selective service board m South Bend and has withdrawn from competi
tion, it was learned today
Loss of Swantz, a 6 foot 4% inch 185 pounder who is a senior in the School of Mechanical Engineering, reduces the major letter man roster to two men. Jack Kennedy, center and forward, and Paul “Duffy”
Friend, guard
The Boilermakers will launch the season heie tonight against a strong DePauw Pre-flight quintet that has won six out of seven starts so far this season and will be in
nrid-season form
squad will be led by Phil Hansel, brother of Vein Hansel, who holds the varsity record for the 440, and will also include Lyon, Brogan and Friedman The breast stroke candidates are MacMullen, Barnard, Laud and Baker The diving part of the program will be taken care of by Bower This meet is open to the public and IS free of charge Kings, Queens (Continued from page 1) try But the Exponent needed copy paper, so then method of collect ing scrap was not in vain The prize phone call of the contest was a long distance call from Kansas City, where several high schools had a balloting contest and found that Mike had won hands down From Pittsburgh and Chicago came wires for the Vaughn Twins From Evansville, Ind, Mr Riggs, father of Martha Lee, came up personally to direct her cam paign The Archbishop of Chicago’s secretary even called up and wanted to place one million votes for Dusty Rhoades
COULD BE' But these days no one is buying anything but the absolutely essential new things' Since you’ve enlisted your present clothes for the dura non you’re rightly de pending on oui SANITONL cleaning service to keep them wearable And we will not let jou down
OeU/46c(tt
4 MONTH INTlNStVE
Secretarial Course for
COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES
A thorough, intensive, secretarial course — starting February July <• October Registration now open
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES BEGINNER'S WED, DEC 15th, 7 00 P M ADVANCED THURS , DEC 16th, 7 00 P M
ALLEM'i
ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 6th & FERRY
Regular day and evening school throughout the year Catalog ^ A SCHOOL OF BUSINESS PREFERRED BY COLLEGE MEN AND WOMEN THE e@iLEGE President John Robert Gregg S C D D rector Paul M Pa r M^A G H Michigan Ave feisphone STAta 18B1 Chicago,
' The LifWJiat never lets you down" V Jt s no secret any longer about , I those secretly processed ^ cushion insets jn PEBMAirLIFT Bras women everywhere are talking about them T/iey re miracle marvels a soft cushion inset at the base of the bra cups that gently lifts the bosom holds a firm rounded contour puts the nix on ridges that used to mar your marvelous shoulders And PEBMA \ LIFT lasts through seasons ol donning and dipping S|25 lo $2®®
Palais Roqal
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery JiniL. ShswuL omL fiaiJjiisA.
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PUI^DUE
No. Name 24 Lodge 3 Horn 9 Gustafson 23 Kennedy 27 Frazier 30 Haag 25 Friend
2^
DEPAUW PRE-FLIGHT No. Name Positior 71 Sadowski F 81 Cartier F 77 Sehroeder C 76 Wendland G 75 Tourek G,
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
Ward (Piggy) Lambert
i
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO. GOODYEAR TIRES and BAtItERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX / Corner of Salisbury and Main
Everything for a College Educaliotl DEAC’S