liai'i
iit'i' ,‘f ‘' , ' ' ' ,.', ’'', ' 1^,/"' i *■ • ‘i. ' ’'\ It-. ''^ ' 1, ^. ,*M,') -* 'j 1 li-^ i' ’^ ' ■' ;» <-«V 'J '' ' I ‘ ^ , • ^ •-, V>.v‘^ -« < ’'l , i i’’ *<
SPORTS STORY Announces Program For Gala Week
/?-!< • \l ■fiif ;
Eitablilhed 1889
xfmieM I Daily Since 1906
MUD FIGHT mm Season Of Anriual Greek Brawls
Volume 53, No. 177
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, April 25r 194)1
Bxty Ag Students To Compete
fti Caftle Judging Contest Today l*««iP's '«'“l » Sdl 350 Arlitles
Navy Announces Changes In College Training Program
Concert Choir, Glee Club Give Benefit Tonight
New and important changes concei^ning Class V-1, the Navy’s new
University Men’s Glee Club and
Hoof and Horn’s Annual Freshman Livestock Judging Contest will be held today in the Judging Pavilion on the University Farm. Each participant will judge eight rings of livestock and appear before committees to give his reasons for the placings. Approximately 60 freshman agricultural students will take
part in the contest.
Faculty, Seniors t’orm Committee
Committees will consist of fac- Cpncert Choir will present a bene-
tifaining program for younger col- ulty members and senior students fl. concert for the CrinnleH ChilIfege mep, were announced today by who were on the livestock judging aj tt-t. naval authorities. The new system team last semester. There will be ® Adams High is d^Si^ed to replace enlistments both individual and team corppeti- School in South Bend tonight at for Class V-7 which will be closed tion. Various freshman sections will 8:30. The concert is sponsored by to civilians on May 1. Class V-7 compete in the team competition, the South Bend and Mishawaka KitrainS midshipmen for ensign com- Medals will be awarded to the three wanis Clubs in cooperation with missions. students placing first in the indi- the South Bend Purdue Alumni AsUnder the new program, midship- vidual judging. sociation. R. L. Groif, University man training given under V-7 will Winners will be announced %t a Graduate, is in charge of the pro-
fit available only to men enlisting dinner to be held tonight in the duction. in V-1 or other enlisted men in the Alpha Gamma Rho Fraternity.
Howard J. Brandt of Wabash, secretary of the American Belgian Horse Breeders’ Association, will be
the speaker. ”
Senate Closes Lost And Found Sales; Youngs, ShtBVBf
KbIIbt Will SpBak
Navy.
Changes In V-1 System
Recent changes in the V-1 system allow applicants to choose between training as aviation cadets or deck or engineering officers. Those choosing aviation will becomcf eligible for civilian flight training during their freshman or sophomoi’e year, and then take the V-5 course for Naval Air Force commissions. Ahother revision in the plan makes it possible for a V-5 candiddate Who does not remain in college for two years or who fails to pass the V-1 classification examination
Gala Week Attracts Noted Alumni For Annual Reunion
By Bill Tyson Gala Week is almost here again
with a sufficiently high grade to go and with it will arrive alumni from to one of the Navy’s flight training every part of the nation. Among centers providing he can pass both the noted alumni on the campus tothe physical and mental examina- day are Dr. Henry A. Houston, ’82, tions for prospective aviation of- and Charles Cottingham, ’92, here fleers. for their 60th and 60th reunions
V-7 Candidates Continue School respectively.
Candidates for the V-7 classifica- Houston was the first man tion who fail to pass the Navy com- receive a post graduate degree petitive examination will be allowed H-om the University. He studied to finish their second calendar year, under Dr. Wiley, head of the Chemnow equivalent to approximately School at that time, and re-
Jacklin To Play Piano
The program will include numbers by both the Glee Club and Concert Choir; piano selections by Art Jacklin, recently named as accom.panist for University musical organizations next year;, numerous solos, and the climaxing Gypsy
Caravan presentation.
Professor George Davis of the division of education and applied psychology will read some of James Whitcomb Riley’s poems. Preceding the concert, members of the Glee Club and Choir will be guests of the South Bend Purdue Alumni Association at a banquet. They will remain in South Bend tonight and return to the campus tomorrow.
In their annual Lost and Found Sale which ended yesterday afternoon at 5 p. m., the Student Senate disposed of approximately 350 of the 400 articles which had accumulated^ in their office throughout the past year. The sale was held yesterday and Thursday in room 267 of the Union between the hours of 8
a. m. and 5 p. m.
Receipts from this year’s sale totaled approximately $60 which means that the value of the articles sold was between $160 and $200 for no article was offered for more than 26 per cent o;f its original value. The money received from the twoday sale will be turned in to the University fund -which sponsors the Student Senate, while the articles left over from the sale will be turned over to the Good Will Organiza-
tion.
Usual Books, Pens, Hats For Sale Among the featured articles pf this sale were a log-log decitrig slide rule and pair of women’s formal slippers; while th(i usual number of books, pens, hats and articles of clothing were offered to prospective buyers. ^ Senate officials stated that they were well satisfied with the results of this year’s sale which, they said was one of the most successful to be held in recent years. Don Thomas and Jack Sandleben, junior-elect Senate representatives, were in charge of the sale.
Scientists
Discuss
At Math MBBting
Curricula
)
As part of a plan to reorganize high school curricula throughout the state, a number of scientists) educators, and high school principals met in th Union yesterday morning at 10. Several universities throughout Indiana have been assigned the task of revising some part of the high schools’ courses of study. University has organized the State Curriculum Committee on Science, under the supervision of Prof. B. L. Dodds, division of education and applied psychology, and Prof. K. LarkHorovitz, head of the physics department. Committee Asks For Funds At the meeting yesterday it was decided to ask for funds for research investigation curriculum. Present at the meeting were Prof. Dodds and Prof. Lark-Horovitz from University; Dr. Havighourst, Chicago, who gave the luncheon address; Dr. Mengei pnd Dr. Pepper, Notre Dame; Dr. Mackell and Dr. Kinsey, University of Indiana; S. Allen, superintendent of high schools in In-diana;-and C. Benz, C. Sellars, and J. Cooper, high school principals.
University Starts Drawing Courses In Defense Program
To Receive Skins Bob Fowler
For WAA Adivities Plays At Union
Two classes in engineering draw-
three Tchod'^earT un7erth7rew ceiv;d his degree as ’ i^nalytical ing opened on the campus this week
speedup program of most colleges, chemist. “At that time,” Dr. Housbefore they are assigned to active *-on says, “there were only three duty as apprentice seamen. The for- of the present buildings on the mer ruling permitted them to finish campus: Purdue Hall, University their sophomore year. Hall, and the old Chemistry BuildSecretary of the Navy Frank ing.” Tliere were, of course, other Knox recently wired the heads of buildings, but they have since been 1,000 colleges and universities urg- torn down or replaced, ing their support of the new pro- The Heavilon Hall tower chimes
gram. were presented to the University of these classes will be accepted America Counts On Students by Dr. Houston’s wife. She was a Monday evening, Knoy’s class meet“Amcrica is counting upon the na- member of the Rhineburger quartet ing in room 201 of Michael Golden tidh’s college freshmen and sopho- which was musically famous shops, and Elrod’s class in room 301
throughout the country in the 1890’s. The chimes were bought from prizes won by Mrs. Houston
and the quartet.
(Sec GALA WEEK on page 4)
gram. Maurice Knoy of the Rostone Corporation teaches the beginning class with 28 men and women enrolled. The advanced class with 16 students enrolled has Prof. S. B. Elrod of the general engineering
department as instructor.
Additional applications for both
more classes to provide future officers for the United States Navy,”
the message read in part.
“This special college program which is known as'the V-1 plan is democracy’s intelligent and practicable way of meeting America’s urgent need for thousands of young
(Sec NAVY on page 4)
This training is available without cost to both men and women as part of the defense training program authorized by the United States Of-
fice of Education.
light [(liton Corner
Bojangles ^ill Bring Thrills^ Chills Tonight
By Jack Thompson
You’ve heard of it, it’s here again and it will probably come again and again and again, each year for years and years. That’s right it is Bo-
pcct a long line of stage door jolinnies to be waiting without and promise to do a strip-tease back stage if enough engineers come back
there.
'■n;'.' Bi.ckout u,,,. i.,
before six o’clock; refrained from tootin’ faice put on by the lads who
tearing curls however and decided occupy our famous, in more ways forever live ,n the minds
to let news take its course. Several than one, Cary Halls.
Among the brilliant acts is one
sarcastic calls were received saying why the hell didn’t we get our paper today and decided that one of the caiTiers was off the ball. Sent some copy at five-thirty to typesetters, but cab driver didn’t deliver it until about six-thirty. Type-
setters were unhappy.
Decided to do something different and run the first important
of men and mice. The Blackout Boys
I’lay Starts At 7:30 (;o svire. These little cotton pickThe thing gets underway in Fow- ers will endeavor to tell a few new ler Hall at the wicked hour of 7:30 jokes of World War II vintage. They in the evening, of course, and at the have played in practically every horrible hour of 9 that same evening groggery from “Memphis to Modoctors will be sent through the bile” and on to Saint Joe. audience to stitch up the sides of Because a few hand-picked handthose poor laughing souls who let clapping oratory went nuts last year their glee run away with them. over a certain part of that play, the After begging and pleading with Rebels have decided that they are
words in the front page stories in j^j^hard Gast who is, m name at good enough to run again—just like bold face. Began getting swamped j,, charge of the play, the the Democrats, with news about eight, but large Y^,,.i(;gl. discovered that'this yeai’s Other Members Of Cast staff took care of it. Junior coed show would be a take-off of that un- Also runs in the production inday editor left with pin man later ;i'orgetable comedy which literally elude: a Houdini junior, an installOn and we asked sophomore coed had millions in the aisles and under ment of a renown radio serial—the to sit behind desk and get some .j-hg seats of billions of theaters and Junglebunny Family—and a tight experience—in handling stories. playhouses all ovei the country, tight-i ope expert who should go far Jack Thompson, retired senior Hellzapoppin’! vertically. This last mentioned editor of the Independent, came in Women Live In Cary Halls genius will be tiaversing a piece of looking for something to do. seems that a few women are wire stretched from the balcony to Asked him to do “Bojangles” and hving in the Halls now, for Gast has the stage during the entire performho went to work enthusiastically, managed to dig up a girls’ chorus ance and is expected to fall at least Sent some sophomores across with iVom out of the labyrinths of the forty times. Don’t worry, there will more copy. Don Frier appeared be- cellars undei the Halls where reside be doctors in the ciowd. fore the copy desk direct from the many mysterious horrors and The great Lockwood and his Harimud slinging and we induced him freaks. This chorus has, with much Cary orchestra will furnish a semto put the dirt down in the form thought, been named the Caryettes. blance of music to quiet the nerves of a feature. With the can-can and a few other of the many spectators. Not much to do now. Waiting for notable ballets to their credit, the Gaspingly Gast predicted a knockKrieger and Sowaids to finish their gals will retire to their lespective out show—everyone will be knocked .sports stories and tjien we’ll leave dressing looms to await floweis and out, and he also remarked, “If it for the Fifth Street Bedlam. Hope dates from out of the audience, ain’t better’n Hellzapoppin’ we will tp get through befoie 2:30; prob- Though this act will be their first give the audience ice cream cones ably have a math test tomorrow. and last performance, the ladies ex- as they pass out.”
Senior girls who have demonstrated outstanding interest and ability in activities sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association, will be awarded skins in recognition of their achievements at the Spring Sports Spread which will be held at the WAA cabin next Tuesday. All girls will hike out to the WAA cabin at 6:30 p. m. Spread Is Annual Event The sports spread is an annual affair sponsored by WAA as the final get-together for all its members and for the announcement of the winners of the skins by a special committee of students and faculty members. Ill order to qualify for a skin, a coed must meet the leadership, scholarship, health, and sportsmanship requirements. She must have jiroviously lieen awarded a monogi’ain, ami have attained an accumulative index of 4 point. Clip Awarded To “High-Pointers” To the house, sorority, or hall that has gained the most points during the school year, an Intramui’al cup will be awarded. 'I’his cup was won by North Hall last year. The class cup will be likewise awarded at the Sports Spread to the class having won in the most tournaments. Girls having won a thousand points will be awarded monograms, and those with a hundred lioints or more will receive their numerals. All Girls Are Invited All girls aie invited to attend, and tickets may be obtained for 35 cents from any member or at the WAA office. The chairman for the picnic is Jane Blank, assisted by Barbara Ford, Gail Hennis, Joan Steigerwald, Evelyn Schuber, and Shirley Emhoff.
Mixer Tonight
Drs. J. W. T. Youngs, D. R. Shreve, and M. W. Keller of the mathematics department, will speak this afternoon at the nineteenth annual meeting of the Indiana section of the Mathematics Association of America being held at Wabash College, Crawfords ville. Youngs To Discuss Kakeya Puzzle Dr. Youngs will present a paper on the “Problems of Kakeya,” a puzzle proposed by an ancient Chinese philosopher, Kakeya, and accidentally solved and proved by Besico'vitch, a Russian officer in the last war. Dr. Shreve and Dr. Keller, who is secretary of the Indiana section of the Association, will discuss the result of a diagnostic testing and remedial teaching program, which they have used for the last three years on freshman engineers. Fifteen other members of the mathematics department are attending the meeting. Other papers to be presented in today’s session include those on the curvature of surfaces by Prof. Karl Mengcr, Notre Dame university; on the value distribution of meromorphic functions by Dr. F. J. Weyl, Indiana university; “Linear and almost Linear Sets” by Pz'of. P. M. Pepper, Noti-e Dame University; and on curves in 3-space by Dr. Peter Scherk, Indiana University. Prof. H. T. Davis of Northwestern University addressed the group yesterday evening after the annual dinner. His topic was “Dinner with Archimedes.”
Officials
Suppress Magazine
Golden Blackmail was dead today after it was announced by the editors of the projected campus humor publication that the magazine had been suppressed by University officials. / According to the editors the magazine was nearly printed when it was banned. It would have gone on sale next Wednesday. The Blackmail was to have been 30 pages, with content being predominately satire, cartoons of campus locale, and photographic art. Editors Issue Statement The editors of the magazine yesterday issued the following statement to the Exponent: “We had hoped to print in the Blackmail the best of the humor and satire written by Purdue students. We thonght that articles of this nature could be well done and of literary merit and popular appeal without being smutty or off-color. The University evidently did not think so. We still hope that someday a magazine of this type will be allowed to circulate at Purdue.”
Agriculturist
Regular Union Mixer will be held tonight in the north ballroom from 8:30 to 11. Bob Fowler and his orchestra will fui'nish the music. Fowler’s band has been playing for many engagements throughout the state, including a campus appearance at one of last fall’s mixers. Fowler Plays Marimba Fowler applies his talents on the marimba in the Red No^o style, and with the Bobcats, a small swing combination. He is a graduate of the Cincinnati Conservamry of Music and has played wHh several name bands. 5
ans
Releases ApriT
For Kew Members Magazine
After Registration
Second annual conference of the Indiana Frozen Foods Association closed yesterday after a meeting in the east Faculty Lounge of the Union. The meeting opened at 9 a. m. with a series of motion pictures showing various subjects of interest to the organization. Business of the meeting included election of officers for the coming year. Throughout tfic convention, special emphasis was placed on the relation of industry to tfic war cffoi t.
YWGA membership drive will begin after summer registration. A representative from each house and residence hall has been sent a letter telling what YWCA has done and acquainting them with the drive. Representatives will meet with cabinet members next Wednesday at 4 p.m. m the YWCA office
for further instructions.
Cabinet Members Dine Thursday Cabinet members will be entertained at dinner by the advisory committee at the home of Mrs. Floyd T. Romberger next Thursday at 6 p.m. All members wishing ^
R.E.Erb
... of the University staff, will be in Newcastle, April 30 to May 2, to assist with the district 4-H judgin'g contest.
ride should meet at the east door of the Union at 5:45 Thursday. Because of the 'dinner there will be
no board meeting on that day. Prof. Muriel McFarland of the
Education and Applied Psychology department, spoke to the YWCA cabinet on Thursday evening on the subject, “Leadership Traits.” Miss McFarland stressed the need for
leadership in a democracy. Vivian Peterson, president of
YWCA, recently announced the purchase of two $75 bonds from surlus ill the YWCA treasury. Pur-
se of these bonds was in keep-
ing with the national defense pro-
gram.
On the cover of the recently released April edition of the Agriculturist a powerful team of horses pulling a corn planter, is shown. The cover suggests that horses may again come into prominence. Author Stanley Watts brings out the fact the lack of new delivery trucks may cause firms to switch to horse drawn vehicles. Another article explains the value of farm machinery repair schools sponsored by the U. S. D. A. Extension Service and the University staff. The story is entitled “Farm Machinery in National Defense.” “Aggressive Ags” Are Named Concerning the orchardist will be the article “New and Noteworthy Apples.” “Cooperative Lamb Pools” are explained on another page. The “Aggressive Ags” of the month are Bob Swaim and Damon Elder, two of the outstanding senior agriculture students.
Skull And Crescent
. . . sophomore honorary, announces the election of the following officers for next year: Dick Wel^, Phi Delta Theta, president; Rob Chestnut, Alpha Tau Omega, vice president; Bob Hansen, Phi Sigma Kappa, secretary; Bob King, Delta Tau Delta, treasurer; and Gene Matrewitz, Phi Kappa Tau, ser-geant-at-arms.
Debris Distribulion To Begin Monday
In Editorial Office
Neophytes Throw Mud; Battle For Supremacy Of Farm Wagon
Distribution of the 1942 Debris will stait on Monday at 4 p.m. at the Debris editorial office in the east wing of the second floor of the Union and will continue until 6. On Tuesday and Wednesday they will be distributed from 1 to 6. In older to obtain a Debris, full payment on the book must be made and stubs received at the time of sale must also be presented. Paitial payments should be completed at the business office in the west wing of the Union.
Sigma Delta Psi
. . . swimming tests will be held this afternoon at one o’clock in the pool at the Fieldhouse.
By Don Frier The muddy wagon fight held last night between the neophytes ot Phi Kappa Tau and Kappa Delta Rho has officially closed the season for the Greeks’ classic annual brawls. The PiKA’s have eaten pie with the Pi Kappa’s, the DU’s have had their “regetta” with the Kappa Sig’s, and the Sigma Nu’s and Theta Xi’s have donned their “evening clothes” for a quick, collective, and competitive date with the Theta’s. And now in a cloudburst of mud the Phi Tau’s and KDR’s have done each other dirt. Tactics Employed In the deepening dusk of yesterday evening a tight group of thirteen Phi Tau’s milled in uneasy anticipation around a mud-covered
farm wagon located in the creek bed across the road from the KDR house. At 8:03 the babble of the spectators’ voices was overpowered by the battle cries of twelve KDR’s as they charged down their front lawn and deployed for the attack. The defending Phi Tau’s threw out a barrage of mud as soon as the attackers were within range. For a few minutes only mud was exchanged, but soon the tussle began in earnest with the Phi Tau’s jumping or being dragged from the wagon into the surrounding two foot deep mud. Wagon Forgotten The original object of the fight was soon forgotten as the boys got down to the serious business of submerging and depantsing the opposition. Although the fairer component
of the several hundred spectators was not shocked by any total nudity, several parrs of drawers were sooti evident; and many of the lads will be cleaning mud from their ears, nose, mouth, and hair for several days to come. Combine Efforts To Free Wagon When the fight was ended at 8:^ by blasts from the horn of the officials’ car, the wagon had sunk into the mud up to the hubs. It was necessary to combine the efforts of thd battlers in order to lift, push, and drag the wagon from the tenacioua muck. This was accomplished aftdT a few minutes of grunting and mwlsprtting, and the combatants repaired to the KDR showers for another battle—against the emineiji^ Russian militarist, General Mad,
■it's;;,
■li
yi'
mmmmm;, jR%e 2
> .. •■ V
v^¥ -7-^^
ii^iii|»*»*»'ini ' i"«» ■■ Pursue Exponent
AH-Amencan 1940-'41 Offices Editorial and Business,
Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005
SfrorH, Fiefdheuse, Phone 27Sf2
Editorial Phone After 10-p m, 5377
Gditer m Chief Ne^S Editor Matiairme Editor Busiticis Mnnairor Cirrnlelion Manaucr Coed Editor
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Arrostrone William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Fditors Cdtional Staff R W Bo winklt D 1 Butz W G Hoakms, A P ifuntor D W Ochiltroc W E Rafert Sports Staff IX L Rri.\ici J S Diwson E L Karpick R W Kncger Coed Staff ballv Beall Charlotte HabS Jean Lauer Dons Pickerinfc Business Staff Coed Bnsiness Manaeer Julia Martin cdvertismic Manasrers J M Wright D L Johnson Circulation Manager G H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim,
Steff For This Issue
Issue Editor Blackburn Sport Editor Krieger
Night Editor' Boswinkic
Day Editor Hass
Reporters Tyson Fori Tiernty Parsons Freyman Thomp son Altherr Frier and Soriards Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for m section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily exe^t Monday during tho regular academic year ano weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by car ricr for $3 50 per year mail sabsenptions $4 00 Represented for national advertising by National Advertis inff Service, Inc College Publishers Representatives, 42( Madison Ave New Tork N Y
More Rif levy, Please Thuisday evening of this past week we did the first iifle shooting of oiu career We didn’t hit the bull’s eye veiy legulaily but we did enjoy firing the iifle We hope to improve For the past thiee weeks we have met in the Fieldhouse each Tuesday and Thursday evening along with about 35 othei students for instruction in handling and shooting rifles Fred Holmes and Myion Gildersleeve of the West Side conducted the course which was designed aftei some of the basic training offered at Camp Pen j, the aimy’s small aims school First need foi the couise was felt when some of the ROTC officeis who left Puidue in January reported that one of then first assignments was to explain the handling and firing of a iifle to then men This piov ed quite an assignment since some of them had nevei pieviouslv handled a gun We might explain here that the iifles that weie used for instiuction were 22 calibei because it was impossible to get the 30 06 used by the legular aimy The diffeiences between the two was fully ex plained The coLvise was designed piimaiily for ROTC undeigiaduates so it was taught with the idea that the men who weie learning would be able to teach Othei peisons were not e'^^cluded tiom the couise howevei, and a numbei of potential selectees like ouisehes got in, too It IS still doubtful whethei the couise will be offered during the summei In oui minds there is little doubt about the \ alue of the instruction and the need foi it We feel that there aie many othei s both in and out of the ROTC who would appieciate and benefit fiom this shoit couise as we have Peisonally, we would like a second senes of classes designed foi fuithei instiuction, too Race Prejudice Or Axis Propaganda Some time ago wc published a condemnation of what appealed to be a lace not at Sojouinei Tiuth houBing pioject in Detioit It now stems that ap ptaiances weie dtcening A poition of an aititlc which appeals in the tuiient ‘ \EW REPUBLIC follows
The Febiuaiy 28 lace not at Detioit, generally described by the pi ess as an expiession of somehow undeistandable albeit unjustihable indignation by white nejghbois against Ncgio occupancy of the Sojouinei Tiuth war housing pioject, is now levealed for exactly what it was—an oiganized piece of pio-Axis sabotage, a delibeiate demonstration against demociacy and unity Thiee of the oiganizcis of this armed attack on Negiocs who wcie attempting to move peacelully into then new homes have been indicted by the fedti 1 gov einment on charges of seditioiu conspiiacy to hinder the execution ot a law of the United States and of v lolating civ il lihci ties and tw o ot ihese men, Paikei Sage and Cailand L AI dciman, aie levealed to he officeis of an oi ganization which is disseminating pio Axis piopaganda As foi the ‘indignant white ncighbois” a check of the license plates of ' ca,i piescnt at the not ''bowed that man> of them had come fiom as lai as twenty five miles awa> These men aie working toi Hit lei, and the just lesentment of the Negioes can aid Hitlei’s effoits to split Ameiica un le ,1 vve act immediati Ij again''! intoleianee * apd for demociaej j Ilvoumi B the metal clip that L'-cd to luld lead ])tn f* cJI eiaselj lelictl ihat tin mcldl uid wruld make ) lihout 1j,000 000 taitiid,c ci cs ffi lU) ol lici^
I
Lv Utojjing the cuffs oil tiouseis manufat 1 tui-edw in the pi’ocess of manulactuit WPB will sa\ i enough wool loi 300,000 additional suits win the
Exponent Editorial And Feature Pas^e Saturday, April 23,1942
mii
tuffii fiom just 21 pans of tiouscis a\c enough cloth
to make u coinplctc aimj uniloim
MERinr-60-MWMD By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alten Hopkins, Back From England, Present's Opt-ipiist-ic Picture Of War Situation This Spring WASHINGTON Apiil 24—Pollowing his tup to England Haiiy Hopkins is giving close fiiends a veiy optimistic pictuie about the wai situation He IS coiiMnced that Hitlei is leally alaimed at the tough lesistance of the Russians the glowing wai stiength of the llinted States and the feai of an in vasion on the Euiopean continent One of Hitlers gieatest weaknesses Hopkins be heves is inanpowei Geiman mdustiy has done a gieat lob hitheito But now with an incibasing diam on both industiy and the Geiman aimy, the tiemen dous losses at the Russian fiont aie having a delinite effect To his close friends. Hairy HopkiBs is known as tine of the most optimistic men in the Administration But even discounting this natural optimism other war chiefs in a position to know seem to have a fairlv bright look m their eyes recently It \m11 be a long time beioie we can begin to do any leal Cl owing, foi the situation in the Neai East is al most as soul as the veiy veiy soui situation in India It does look howevei as if the spiing had definitely biightened the wai pictuie • Mussolini's Dotage Inside wold hi ought back fiom Italy by those in the know gives a desolate pictuie of Benito Mussolini He has been pietty well isolated fiom the wai command and fiom duection of the government both of W(^h aic dictated diiectly oi mdiicctly by Nazis Mussolini has gone in foi leminiscing on his young ei daj s when ho was a militant young socialist pait of the time exiled in Switzeiland He has even sent tor his old socialist filends in eluding some previouslj exiled to France And thev haie sat aiound talking about the good old dajs when Ihej weiejoung Most significant is the fact that Mussolini lets his mind wander back especially to the days when he had no monev no pomp no saluting legions Maybe this is insanity Maybe it is just getting back to s inity aftei tw enty long yeai s of delusions of „i an
deui
• Shipping Shakeup The executive oidei lequi itioning all U S nei chant ships was jneceded by a discussion in the Piesi dents piivate office which was no tieit to Rcai Ad mil il Emoiy S Land despite the fact that the oidci ^leitiy enlaiged Ins luthoiity as Wai Shippin., Ad ministiatoi In the piesenee ot Capt Ldw aid Maeaulev ni( mbci ol the Mnitime Commission and Mis Anna Rosen beig While House adMsei who in iecen+ weds his become in effect de taeto Seeietaiy ol I aho the Piesidcnt ga\e land a ouiet diessing down foi the muddled stite ot the Mtal shipping situation Po hip ping IS now the souiest spot in the w ii pictuie I ve decided not to tuin o^ ei fhe mei chant marine tothcNavv toi the time being the Piesident sud m effect I m i eqnisitioning all eessels and putting them in youi hands But I expect a lot of impiovement The picsent situation la far fioni satisfactorv and it m ist be bettered at once Furthei the Picsident diieeted I and to turn ovei to Capt Maeaulev the handling ot all shipping labor problems I his was n even shiipci lebuke than the fiist spankiii Behind the scenes L ind and M leauley hav e been at log^,ei leads ovei laboi issues Although a foi mei sliip opeiatoi Macaule-\ h is made an outstanding leeoid on the Miiitinie Commis ion in eliminating la boi difficulties He did away with still es gieath im pioved tiaininp facilities to atti ict men to the mei chant mu me ind intiodueed nianj new vaf nieas lues toi then piotoetion at ei Despite this leeoid howevei when Land w is m ide Shipping Administi itoi ])lus ehaiiman of fho Mui time Commission he appointed as his laboi lieutenant Dan Ring henchman ot Joe Rjan Rvan is AIL boss ot the Fast Coist wateifionts undei investigation by the FBI » Risig-Roynd-Ths-Rosy Iv n is vehemci tJv ciipo ed to the n un n ol ii I st Coast shippii „ c/ai is w is done on the Pacific Coast when the situ ition has I c eii ti emendousn im pi ovei Ihciebj Icaiin; his ''tianj Ic hold on the At 1 intie Coast wateitiout would be hi ol en bj an imp u till govoinnicnt aibitei Rv in has fought this tooth ind nail bo I aid s ippointmenl ol Rin,, a'' his 'aboi assistant pi i\ ed paitlv into Boss Rj in s meaty h incls I and ha' followed the Rvan Ring advice despite the fact tint weeks a„o the Piesidcnt fold him to select i competent min (o clean up the veiv smelly List Coast shipping situation Macaulcj has long uiged that this be done Vi hethei it vv ill now tint I and has been eiiieeted to shelv e Ring icmains to be seen In fact it remains to be seen just what Land does about the orders legaiding Ring It nothing IS done in explosion m the Mai itime f omniission is hkelv Besides being an old pei o nl tiiend ot the Piesident Maeaulev does not shove uound easilv Note Administiationite fi lends of Joe Kenneeiv ex Anibassadoi to C leat Biitain aie high piessuung be hind the scenes to hue him named E ist Coast shiji 1)111,^ 4./ai Bi} obslade in Kennedy s path is his lios t 1 F to Biitun Did Russia Wai Ti inspoitition Ai' n 1 iistiatoi Joe F istnian otfeied Kennedy i job to iiiitu ceitain laihoid ki ots but Kennedy Liuiied it
dow n
• "Ivory Hunter" Roberts The An Coip has meknamed one of its officeis lvoi\ Hill tei He is It Col M illi un A Robeit djnanue v oun„ eomniinelei of tlie officeis school ot till All Cmps Tic meal Tiaining Command it Miami I asoi thev c ill Pobeits Ivoiy Huntei is th it he has been eliligcntlj seaicliing foi piofcssois who aie both hud boiled and leainod to htlp man i iinicjue school—to tiain aelministiative officeis foi the An ( Ol ps fhough most people clout leali/e if onlv a small number ol men in fhe Vir Coi ps aetualh flv The est arc meehaiiies teehnieians experts on tiansportatioii buvmg warehousing etc fhe care and movement of flu maeliines on (he ground aie almost as nnpoitant as flving the machines in the an So with the' All ( Dips exiianding i ipielh Col iiob e 1 ts has been placed in command ot a new school in the Vandeibilt Hotel it Miami Beath to tiain adminis ti ative ofheeis Atmgh biain biistei himselt be is lookin foi eeiialh lough bi un nionitois (topjiight 1942 1\ United I eatui 0 Sj ndieate Ine )
Today On WBAA
“Frankly, I think my lecipe is much more satisfactory—I use 2 cups of smokeless powdei, 3 tablespoons of nitroglycerine and just a pinch of theimite and spiinkle liberally with old nails ”
University Calendar Saturday, April 25
1 00 PM—Michigan \s Piueiuc Tennis Meet 1 00 P M —EE Student Staff Picnic 8 30 P M —Student Co op Dance 9 00 PM—Union Mixei
Vaisity Coiiits Picnic Giounds West Faculty Lounge Union South Ballioom Union
(L U)ah. JMa- (i}s9L
evei incicasmg vvai need
Bv Beverlj Paisiins fust ivvenfj five jears ago list night Un 1 Sam issued i t u leaching call foi ten thousand of ficeis to enlist in his new u np Fiom the p iges of luidiie hi-,toij vve find th it ei^ht hunched pitii otic citi/en ciowdod into the small confines of tho Eleetiical buileiim it 7 pm tint ni„ht to he u Pie i dent Stone e\plu the pin pose ind Ol gani/ation oi the Officeis li un
ing Coips
R"C|Uii 11 tills el ip 11 el u eel ehaiaetei ind ol 11 tv ejutit m mil si Ultimo 11 In i v i i ui i \ 1 keln o 1 ol il ihtj toe im i 1 the le peet ol othecis incl eiil * 1 men uul uleeiLiicv of edu ition lodij thci e i e nr 11 s leel r o i ig men t enli t loi ofii ti ti ining Com u Ton 1 (ffie is e tu mei out b\ the ih u id Ji n li glint eolk ts thioush id Li ni tion Al 1 \ c (I 11 el 00 fide fs fo adv D ee 1 m lit in oi tl e bisi of sti let ment t! md jihv le il e\ un inUiQiis in addition to pievious scholastic uul utivilies leeo ds it the univeisit\ This \eu ippioM 111 ileh one hill died ind eventv five ol oiu giaeluifes will eiitei the I inks of active eommissioned ol fieeis—Puidue s eontiibutions to an
l#IFa¥!£TK — LAST TIMES TODAY — MAX FLEISCHER’S CARTUNE HIT*
Ids vvcie also feeling the call to fashion Southwoilhs, then J iques ind SoLiUiwoilh Comp uij w is lea 111 iin the Hula Hull tiom Hono lulu-—the vvondeitiil lie ot the veai the neckwe u i ige ei fhe e ist— ihe Ol e ml o h seiif th it evei wept New Foil men off Iheii le spcetivelect Foi twowecls coedo woie blmdeis—th j hadn t \ct dis e ovei eel the m^steij of eluk glass
II ippv Iloilovv vvas iheaeh on the m ip too Comb it pioblems of a e ulet eoips weie held on this h il lo e g oimel Ihe n'peetm„ of fieei In 1 n e itiei m fo mile t vti tl at the 1 v e V I esults weie to 1 e L ot my imversi \ he had 1 ))(( fe I da ))'} Hollow ahvajs ilRi brin icsulls
mh% FILM Developing * Frinfing Enbrging FOSTER’S CAMEBU SHOP Opposite Puidue Union
TECHNICOLOR Starts TOMORROW
dottt sy/iNGS
DOROTHY WIILOIM LAMOUR-Horn-BRACKEN IIMMY DORSEY and his ORCHESTRA BOB E^RLY and HELEN 0 CONNELL
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
Guns Blazing Rhythms Rgari
AL50
KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAY HAMILTON WpMAN NIAGARA FALLS PHANTASY CARTOON
SATURDAY News The Cuiio Man Lafayette Tiafflc Couit Theatie of Song News Just Kids Music News Woman Shoppei Tune Timt—Chailie Powell Meet the Band Maikets News Radio Stage WBAA Bam Dance Music New s , Music Sciipt Musical Albums News Music Afternoon Mllodies News News Tea lime Tunes WPA Piogiam The Cm 10 Man News Just Reli\ Go To Chiu eh Sunday Little Miss Muffett New s Dinnei Houi Spoils Review Weights mei Meisiiies News ♦ Mointoi s News Round Up Home Defense Paiade of Business
7 45 Music ^
7 55 News
8 15 Dave Hall—pianist 8 30 Fiom the Press Box with Stew Wolfe 8 46 Eventide Echoes
8 65 News
9 00 Union Mixei Band
9 30 Music 9 56 News
10 06 Off the All
Daily Heal Service Report
Last Tuesday I E Housei, Ag ’15 enteied St Elizabeth Hospital foi an opeiatton Wednesday, Lai lainc Lind, HE ’43, enteied the WRH infiimaiy'’ foi treatment C A Lubbehusen Ag ’45, enteied the St Elizabeth Contagious Waid H H Noian Ch ’41 enteied St Eliza belli foi smgeiyi A I Stme Ag ’12 cntei ed the Home Hospital foi tieatment Thuisday Sue Vaiideien, HE '43 was dischaigcd fiom St Elizabeth Hospital Rev. Maipne Will Talk At University Church Rev J Waltei Malone Doctoi of Divinity of Chicago will be speakei at the Univeisity Piesbyteiian Chnieh tomoiiow morning at 10 30 Di Malone was foi some yeais pas toi of the McKinley Memoi lal Chinch of Champaign adjacent to the campus of the Univeisity of Illi nois
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
\t the same time people weie dis eussing the tiaining coips the baby of the Union show w is miking its ipponance ■— ippiopuately called the Iluldquin Club Show riien is 1 ow the show just wasn t complete V ithout the tl idilional display of eminme wiles Puidiu coeds dai ngly bared then inkles and fluffed then hill loi the sake ol aht ind bioimht the veiv latist styles with in the focus of all eligible males
LUMA LAST DAY—2 HITS
Richard Arlen — Jean Parker IN
PLUS
GENE AUTRY IN HOME IN WYOMIN'
AIN
HELD OVER!
His Funniest Feature Show! WALT DISNEY'S
With 9 Heart Lifting Tunes plus Ha-Ha Happy Hit’ SING YOUR WORRIES AWAY with Bert Lahr Jung^ Havoc — Patsy Kelly Buddy sen Alvino Rcy Orchestra
MIDMITE Show TOMITE DUMBO
DEFENSE BUY A SHARE IN AMERICA The new United Sntes Defense Sat mgs Eondb and Stamps give all of us a way to take a direct part in building ttie defenses of our counti y, This IS the American way to provide the billions needed so urgently for National Defense. lUr United States defense'SAVINGS BONDS and STAMPS^ i <
KT^
Saturday^ April 25, 1942
BoiiermaUer Sports
ti^cqueteers To Meet Michigan Here Tdddy
By Bob Ktieger
Coaeh Lairy LaBree’s undefeated Boilermaker tennis squad \vill make its local debut this afternoon at 2 o’clock, wheu the racqueteers meet the powerful Michigan net squad on the clay courts which are located directly behind the Riveter base-
ball field /
The Wolverines will present practically the same team which Captured the Big Ten title last j^ear, when the boys from Ann Arbor went through the en- -■ " ■ - tire campaign without losing fine weathfer will continue With a single team match Coach continued coopeiation by the wea LaBiee emphasized the stiength of theiman, theie is eveiy reason to
the visitors m an mteiview with the ^
writei last night, and ventured the tovmament will unfold before the
eyes of the local tennis fans this
Speaking Ol Sports
opinion that Michigan and Noith western will furnish the sliffest competition for the Rivetei net squad thioughout the entire ten nis season The Rivetei mentoi
afternoon Coach LaBiee plans to use the same combination against the de fending champions which has al
Starr To The Rescue When the Cincinnati Reds met the Pittsburgh Piiatcs m then open ing senes of this veiy young baseball season, Manager Bill McKechme nominated Elmei Riddle to stait one of the contests Elmei enjoyed a mighty fine season last year with the Reds but on this particulai aft ernoon the Buccaneers started to hit piactically eveiything that he tossed up to the plattei, scoring five luns in the very fiist inning and sending Riddle to the showeis Ray Stau then took the mound foi the Reds and pitched the lemaindei of the game allowing just one more lun to be scoied by the Piiates Ray's No Rookie Stan IS a newcomei to the highly touted Redleg mound staff, but he IS by no means a strungei to Big lime pitching mounds Ray is 36 yeais old, and he has been knocking around baseball’s highways foe 17 sea sons In the falPof 1932 he was recalled by the St Louis Caidinals fiom then chain gang and turned in some mighty fine pitching jobs for the Mound City team
stated that today’s tournament i^ady scored victories ovei Butlei "YtsdiGdi ToGiailf'S
should be close, although he admit ted the Michigan squad held the edge when it came to the mattei
of expenence
Fine Tournament The local couits aie in fine shape and all hands are hoping the pies
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119'A Northwestern Aye. Phone 4965
and Ball State Captain Ray Lucht ■wjll hold down the No 1 position, followed by Gus Aimstiong, Dick Stettnei Ed Wells and Walt Dud zinski j The next match on the Riveter net caid is scheduled foi next Mon day afternoon when the Boilermak CIS play host to the net squad fiom DePauw These matches aie slated to get undei way at 4 o clock m the
afternoon
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
“MEET ME WALGREEN'S” DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED ^ YOy’HE ALWAYS WELOOiE AT WALSREEN’S 410 Main Street
Yaii’l! Like Esfinq Here
Oiiickj Convenient SEttVICE Appeiiziriii, lifeallliy FdODS Pleasant, Friendly ATMOSPHERE Prices that Stress ECOIOMY ill tilt! CAFETERIA JhL fiiViduiL OflmwimL lAniofL The Comei of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
But Stall was not the only Caidinal owned pitchei who enjoyed a highly successful season in the minors that year He Was joined by a couple of othei iighthandeis named Jerome Heiman Dean and^x Carle ton Duiing the wintei which followed Managei Bill Teiry of the Giants shipped Bill Walker who had been McGiaws piize leftbandei, Jim Moody Bob 0 Fairell and Ethan Allen to the Caidinals in exchange foi Stan and eatchei Gus Maiicuso
Terry Gets Stuck
Teiiy though that he had added some leal pitching stiength,to his mound staff when he pulled this deal but he failed to reckon with the genius ot Blanch Rickey foi letainmg the piize plums of the Caid faim system 'and tiading those who do not have what it takes to stick in the majois The 1933 season was not very old befoie Memphis Bill Teiiy found out that as fai as pitcheis went Stan was just anothei gold buck Stair was soon tiaded to Boston and fiom theie he eventually drifted back to the minois
Ray Comes Back
Last season Ray pitched foi the Indianapolis Indians, and it did not take him long to establish himself as the bell cow on Managei Wade Killefei s mound staff The Reds landed Stan fiom the Indians last Septembei taking him ns then fiist choice off the club by light of a woiking agi cement vhich they had with the Indianapolis team In his fust stait with the Reds R ly lost a heaitbieakei to the Piiates by a seme of 1 to 0 fhen he appealed against the Caids in a lehef lole and was hammeied ioi five luns
Stops Dodgers
In his next ippeaiance Ray went in as a lelitf pitchei against Leo Duiochei s Brooklyn Dodgeis The bases weie loaded at the time no body had been letiied and the dangeious Dolph Cainilli stepped into the battel s box Stan fanned Camilli and foiced Lew Riggs to hit into a double play The Reds won out in the next flame and Ray was ciedited with tin vietoiy In his next two staits he beat the Phillies 4 to 0 and the Cubs 5 to 0 In his last 20 innings of pitching he did not allow a lun and gave up a mere ten hits McKechme Lucky Considei ing the fine peifoimince which Stan turned in against the Pirates this yeai, it appeals as if he has finally anived as a majoi league pitchei Since the two mainstays of the Redleg mound staff Bucky Walucis ind Paul Deiringei aie getting along in veais we think Bill McKechme uill be mighty glad to have Ray aiound this summei
Golf Squad Meets Ohio State Ted^y At Columbus Coach Haiiry AUspaw’s Boilei maker golf squad will endeavor to hang up their first victory of the current golf campaign today when tJiey meet the strong link sq/uad from Ohio State on the laftei’s couise at Columbus Things have not been going veiy well for the Riveters who fg; abbed the state title last season witn pi ac tically the same team In yie open ing match of the season tiiey jpur neyed to South Bend, wjfieie they came out on the shoit end of the score with the Irish of Ntoti e Dame Returning home ,they» met the Noithwestern link squaid, and once again they went down to defeat, this time by a scoie of lAVe to 9% Among those who will repiesent the Rivetei s today are Wade Knipp, Geoige Dahl and Roger Schutt IM Schedules
i
Buy Defense Bonds And Stamps EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
The following fraternity tennis singles games will be played Monday evening at 4 Couit Sigma Alpha Mu vs Kappa Sigma 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 5 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Theta Xi 6 Phi Delta Theta vs Tiiangle 11 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Pi Kappa Phi 12 Tau Kappa Epsilmi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 13 Delta Upsilon vs Theta Tau 14 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Chi 15 Alpha Chi Rho vs Alpha Gamma Rho 16 Beta Theta Pi vs Theta Chi 17 Phi Kappa Psi vs Delta Tau Delta 18 Both “A” and B” aoubles finals will be played Monday night at 4 Will the following fraternities see that they have completed their Mass Golf schedule by Monday morning Plan to have your men on the University Course either Saturday or Sunday Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Theta Pi Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sig ma Pi Theta Chi, Theta Tau Due to the fact the Fraternity Track will be held Monday and Tuesday, the Fraternity Baseball games will not be played until Wednesday and Thursday Sport Short Membeis of the Yankees aie will ing to bet that pitchei John Lindell Mill outiun Joluiny Hopp of the Caidinals who is consideiecl by many to be the fastest playei in the majoi s
Riveters Ldse . T6 Michigan, 134
^ 6 “I
Ann Arbor, Mich , April 24 —(Special to Purdue Exjpgii^t) —Scoring 11 runs on 8 hits and 3 walks in the last half €£t|ie first inning, the Michigan diamond squad completely outclassed the Riveters here this afternoon by a score of to Walt Leifheit started for the Boilermakers, but ran into difficulty at the very starl and was relieved by Tony Berto ufter giving up five runs j The Wolverines opened the fatal first with three straight singles coupled with a walk to draw first blood White,^ the
Michigan right fielder then
poled a long triple to deep cen- and one unearned marker durrog tie tei to clean the sacks Aftei the next mnmg stretch The Wolverine man had hit safely to left Dutch walked only three of the BolWFehring yanked Leifheit who had makers while setting eight men
up until this time been the Rivetei s 4own on strikes most effective hurlei Riveters Score
Berto Takes Mound Riveters tallied their lone m
, in the second on Boim s wild pitdi.
..r „ Harry McFerren opened the itmBg Lefty Beito was sent in to face ^ base poke throngh the the powerful Wolveiines Two more p,tcher’s box After Hipp had forced hits coupled with a walk scored an McFerren at second, George Bargothei run, leaving the ba-es loaded ^
At this point Chamberlain, the big
Michigan thud baseman put the third Tony Berto then worked «ie game fai beyond the reach of the p,tcher foi a base on balls, loading inva eis by sending a towering the sacks Hipp then scored as Bonn home iunovei the wall Tony then uncorked his first and only wild settled down to retiie the side p,tch of the encounter Following this rather shaky pei In the eighth frame Walt Sfiiith foimance in the first, Tony pitched started things off with a single to great ball allowing only two un left Bob Riley, who had come in at eained luns and three hits thiough fiist base for George Bnrghardt, out the remaining seven fiames He reached first on a base on balls walked thiee men in all and struck Howevei, the lally was cut diort out two of the Wolverines when McFeiren hit into a double
Michigan Hurler Tough play
Meanwhile the Riveteis could Scoie by innings solve the slants of Boim the Mich Pm due 010 000 000 1
igan moundsman, foi only six hits Michigan
6 3
1100 020 OQx—13 43 1
P emB> Attyovneed oeer/
Gala Week To Feature Heavy Sports Card
By Clint So wards
Climaxed by a big Gala Week home piogram for returning alumni. Boilermaker spring sports squads will faee their heaviest schedule of the outdoor season during the coming week. Regular intercollegiate engagements for the basebajl, trapk, tennis and golf teams will be supplemented by the spring :^tball finale on Saturday after- — noon ,and a novelty Galafcade performance by the swimming awardii^of “F’ j T-. 1C ovyiiniiniig blankets to senior major lettermen squad on Friday night, follow- The principal speakers at the faaning the annual banquet of the quet will be Guy Mackey, ne^wlyInternational “P” Men’s Club ' ’ ' ~
Complete Program
The complete spoits calendai foi
the week "ollows
MONDAY
Tennis—DePauw hcie Golf—Detroit here
TUESDAY
Baseball—At Butler WEDNESDAY Tennis—At Illinois
FRIDAY
Baseball—Ohio State heie
(4pm)
Tennis—^At Noithwestein Swimming—Galacade (8 15 p m ) P Men s Banquet—Union Build ing (6 30 p m ) SATURDAY Baseball—Ohio State hcie
(10a m )
Tiaek—Noithwestein Iowa and Minnesota heie (1 30 p m ) Tootball—Final Spiing Game
j p m
Tennis—At Iowa Golf—Michigan heic Former Stars At Banquet In addition to the inteicst in tht competitive piogiam foimei Beil eritiakei athletie stais inioiij, the letuining xlumni gioups foi Gala Week aie expected to tui i out m foicefortlu annual “P Men shin qi^^t on l^iid^y^night ^lyhich will be
elected athletic director, qnd, glitter
Burnham, head football coa?h. AAU Runners To Meet In
Stadium Today Between 75 and 100 ^ithletes, including representatives from a host of the state’s universities and colleges, are expeet^d to compete in the annual Indiana AAU track and field championships in Ross-Ade stadium here
this afternoon
Collegiate entiics, most of whohi
will compete unattached, include Puidiie 20, Indiana 11 ^ Notre Dame 8 Butler 7 and DePauw, 1 The meet is open to any amateur •ithkie in the state, and individiml entiles have alieady been received fiom Marion, Greencastie and Indianapolis Among the outstanding: stars definitely cnteied in, the meet ue Fred Wilt, of Indiana, former
BigJTcn two mile champion P VTRONiZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS!
You know the story of Axis “dictatorship”—the lesson is there for all to read: Schools and coUeges closed—or turned into breedin|g grounds for lies and hate. Freedom of speech—rerholen/ Freedom to choose your friends—verboteni . . AU you need to learn ia to obeyV* Now they would attempt to put the yoke on us—on you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give qur soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for Victory, Put your dimes and dollars into fighting uniform now by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—^because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend il(. You can start buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 cents^ Starl buying today—and keep it up! Save . . . and Save America with U. S. Savings BONDSASTAMPS
USE THE BUS -Be smartIT’S SAFE— IT’S DEPENDABLE— IT’S economical— imilTl TRiSIT CO., Inc.■fill
yt ffW
XYprw
k ihi 4
Purdu^ Exponent
L f
Saturday^ April 2S, 194^
Sn, JhsL
QhWuduidu Af Wesley Foundation
Dr. Gilkey Will Speak Represent Roger Williams Club
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Prog i am At Lafayette Chnstian Church Sixth and Noith Street 9 15—Catch lide from ISl s Grant St *} SO—Student C!as«i Hal i let Res Holds will teach the class on the subiect “Tht Church Todai and To nioirow ” 10 40—Church Worship SeiMCt— The trtle of the sermon to be preach ed by Hubert Remolds is ‘Face the Future ” All graduating seniors are tspe cially invited to be present tor the Annual Rose Service in then honor, rust piecedinc the communion serv ret 4 30—Special Pro Foium incctin,, in honor of the smiois at 131 S Grant This is the last chance to be together in a Sunda\ t\tnin!>: pro gram 5 15—Leave for the Church build iiig 5 30—I 01 um p r o g i a ni roinecl with a special sacrificial supper at the church building This is a unique program which will dismiss before 7 30
Tomorrow Evening
English Department At Meeting Today
To Hold Spring Picnic
Notices
Woslmlnster loundatluni the annuiil Hprlnn pit nic will be held on Sunday April /i() The giOUlf -will meet at the church at 8 30 p m nhd hike to Happy Hollow Lvery one is invited to attdid A chaige of 16c Vvill be made for BUpper —THOMA
Guest speaker at the Wesle^ Foundatibn vesper seiMce tomoi row evening at 7 will be Di Cbailes W Gilkey dean of the Rockefcllei Memoiial Chaptei at the University of Chicago The meeting will be held 111 the Fust Methodist Church at the corner of Chaunce\ and South Streets Di Gilkey s (ducation and travels abroad have included tup to India as the Banows Lectuiei to thi Uni \eisity of Indiana and study at the univeisities of Berlin Mai burg Glasgow Edinbuig and Oxfoid Dean Gilke> has been a spi akei and pieachei seveial times at Re ligious Coinoeations The publie is incited to attend the cespei seivice tomoi low evening
Professors I H McKee and P Patout aie representing the Uni versity depaitment ot English at the annual convention of the Indi ana College English Association, whieh IS being held today at Earl hanr College Richmond The con vention convened yesterday Professor McKee is serving as chairman of one of the sessions, a panel discussion on the methods of teaching composition Discussions Will be given by lepiesentativts from Indiana University Eailham, Evansville Goshen, and Butler
Annual spring picnic of the Roger Williams Club of West Lafayette Baptist Chuith will be held at the Vawtei Big Rock Cottage on the Tippecanoe today Those attending will meet at the church at the cornet of Columbia and Chauncey streets at 1 p m There will be a small charge for transportation and the evening meal
ZaiiavcH Ihosc wlahini? to ntteiul picnic Wtdneaday April if) bIbu list on senior order board in Armory —^GRAF
Military Code Students Code cerlillentis are ready in the instructors room in tlic Armory —BURKHART
Alpha Pill OmeirB Formal initiation at f pm Sunday April 26 in loom 265 of the Union with the pledges mectmp: in thi Swedish lounge Banquet will follow at C 1) m 111 room 232 of the Union SCHALLIOL
PI Tan Sigma! Annual picnic will be held Wednesday April 29 starting at 1 p m Officers will be elected and plliques, dlss tributed Cats will be leaving MSI building at variotis times during the afternoon Members planning to go pIoBse sig^ Shtfet in Mr office as soon as possible —GREGORY 1
Ail Military Students Ihere will be no more Corps Days formation this semestei —RIORDAN
Gold I’cppcrs Please pay yoiii 42 cents f 1 the picnie this wiek Ihe bills must be 1 ajd Put the money in an envelope and plaec it in the WAA mnilb->x in the Me iiiorial Gymnasium if you eannot Snd me FORD
Pistol Team Banquet will be held tVed* nesday April 29 at 6 20 p m in the Chestnut Room in the Union All liiHo Will attend contact luisig Dodds or Bunker by 1 p m Monday at the latest —DODDS
Marriage Course
student Senate There wi/i be a meeting’ of. the ntwly elected student senate mem hers fueaday April 28 In the Senate of hcc —NEl r
Applications Are
Military Uanquet Committee Final mc<i ini, Monday April 27 at 4 in in lo^m 20r of the Armory —GRAF
Lutheran Students liu final meeting of the present simester of the I utheian stu dents Association of America will bo h Id at tho himt of Rev II C Stolid rf. (20 N 9th Sliett on Sunday evening April ( at TO p n A short bubiness meeting will be fcih wc<i with Karnes and refresh ments 1 vciyonc is urj ed to all nl this meelii u ~ ANIAI
All Male Students MI students who have completed the Advance Course IlOTC^ dr wiH eomplcto liu Advanced Course KOTO bv Mov 6 HOC important notices ott 2Ad flooi Armory Bulletin boards —RtORDAN
Acromodclers Important mcetinff Thurslay Apiil 20 in room 80 of the tTnlon LUetion of olTiters Lveryono be sure and come —SMltH
Due Today
Navy
Gala Week
Lnirersit> Prebhrterian Church North Street at Grant Stieet John W Findley Pa‘'toi and Di rector of the Westmin'-tti Foundation Tcanne Llo^d oiodiiist Jini Cha'ie chon diiectoi 9 30—The ■student clas'^ will con tinue their discussion of the ‘student facult3 lelation^hip undci the lead ei«hipofDi Gia\ts 10 30 — Theic will hr a „uest pieaehei in the pulpit J W altei Ma lone, D D the foimei pastor of Iht McKinle3 Memorial Church at Champaign, Illinois will dtlnti tlu ■-ennon 3 30—The annual spi ing picnic will be held it Happy Hollow and the group will leave the cluiich at this time to hike out then Even one IS milted to attend and thcie Will be a 15c charge for supiin
West Lafavettc Baptist Church Rc\ J B Gleason, Minister and Pastoi of Students 9 oO—Roger Williams Club Class 10 35—Chuich Worship Seivicc Message Rev Gleason Un changing Principles in a Changing World ” Music bv the chon As Toi lents in Summci’ bv EUai and i solo by Pi of Eric Giienficld, ‘ Come to My Heait Loid Jesus ’ 5 30—Roger A\]lliams Club Fcl lowslnp Hour 6 00—Supper 15c b 30—Discussion gioiqi The pio giam will be kd bv Eugene Bv < i and will featuie the giaduatni„, sen lors of the Club 7 00—The Club will attend tlu services at the Fust Methodist Church with Dean Gilkev as the speaker
(Continued from page 1) While holding the position of In diana State Chemist Di Houston witnessed many amusing incidents in the state legislatuie During one session a bill to appiopiiate money to the vaiious state schools was being introduced The Univeisitv was to receive one twent eth of one per cent of the state funds while Indiana and several other st ite schools wt®!^ to receive one tenth One labid anti Lafav ette con giessman was veiv bitter about the tact that Puidue vv is receiving what he consideied one tentli of a per cent moie than the othei um veisities Theiefoie he heatedh suggested that Puidue he cut down to one tenth This was p issed and the Univeisitj faction icioiced Chalks Cottingham woild tiav eki and kctuiei and Civil Engi neeiing giaduate built the Chicago World s Fail ol 1892 93 and helped in the constiuction of the Panama Canal in 1911 On his letuin to Panama in 19j6 precautions taken igunst siboteuis vvtie so rigid that only attei wading through a great deal ot red tape was Cottmg ham able to view the control loom ol the Gatun locks which he him self had helped to build According to Cottingham the Panama Can il IS next to the great wall of China the gieatest vvoik of min Cottingham has ilso been prom inent in the held of aeionauties fiom its veiv beginning He has a collection of tuck devices ill bised on aeionauticil piincipks among which IS a device which will rotrte in eithei diiection in a wind de pending on which wav it is started
(Continued from page 1) college trained officers without breaking down our educational sys tern Ol forgetting future needs +oi training them for civilian life after the war is won ’ Through nation wide co operation with the V 1 piogiam the Navy hopes to eommission a minimum of 35 000 officer s a year lor duty with the Naval An Force and the fight ing units at sea
Seniors who desire to take the marriage course next semester must tuin in then applications today to H E Wilkening at his office, room 316 of the Executive building The application must include name, ad dress telephone number fatuity reference and reason for taking the course The course is open to seniors only, and it IS a two eiedit hoiu couise The class will meet once a week from 7 30 until 9 30 p m
Student War Council Important dintici IiieetinB of nil old and new membtis at f 30 1 m Tliurndav April 20 in the L lit Reciption Room of the Union Past present and future plans will he diseu&std -DIBOS
Alpha Phi OiiicBa I’lcdKCs Seoi ters Rally <hiif,(d I Wedtesiaj April 2) il I wicr Hall at 7 20 pm SCllAIl ION
Person Who Lost Chronograph You may elaini it at Student Senate Lost and Found Dll irtment or hy calling Bandy at 4061 —SANDLEBIN
AIML Memiicrs I iectii ii if ITieeis fii e m uf, year ii r i 110 f Cli ii aid Mit Buildiiif, We lnesda> Aj nl I it I i n fa rARKI Y
CoHinupolitaii Club No meeting Fridiy Meet at 1 list end ot Union 6 30 SaturdaS’ April 26 for transportation to Lincoln I 0 Ige —KELLER
Gala Week Committee Meeting Monday April 27 at 4 p m m Eth Ba igh offic Important —DIBOS
Tau Beta Pi Plaques for seniors are now available See Vern Vuiideihilt 121 Cary Hall West —YOUNGBLOOD
Advnnecd Military All i Iv ii t d mil Illy stud It eall at Cishi rs (fi e aft r ham I r Jiv Apiil 24 to rie ive ill i y lue them for uniform allow inn • LllUt BROWN
Soeicty of Automotive EnHineerU AH numbers desiring to go on picnic should sign th( list on the bulletin board In the Automotive taih before Monday, April 27 I h( s who don t sign won t get anything t) lat Paitieulars of the picnic will be sent t m mherb via postcard —KEIL
Gimlets Men initiated last fall can got their keys from me —tRASl R
Roger Williams Club All members are uigcd to attend tli aniual picnie at Vaw ters on Saturday April 26
Iiinlor Military Students lieU Is f r militiry hiiiiqiiel A| nl 28 will hi distnhu t I in gunnel y i lass s this week Th s de snug t itt ill who did n t igii fust list may pmeliase tliim f r la h GRAl
Sophomore Miliiary Students All spphomores wlioso names appear on the list of ih) e aecepted for the advance course jnuSt sign e iitracts in the main office of the Armuiy prior to April 25 —BIORDAN
V 1 Apirhcdirts on Inactive Duty Student applicants toi VI are enlisted as appientiee seamen in the Naval Rebelve They are placed on inactive duty howevei until then college peiiod of tinning is com pkted Hi„.h school scnioi s who have been aQceptgd tor admission at ae eiedited colleges or tieshmen ind sophomoi es at such colleges vv I o are not less thin 17 and under 20 yeai s ot age ai e elmibk The standaids tor the V 1 physi e rl examination will continue to be the same as those ipplyin,, to ap pi entice seamen Application forms can be obtained tiom Deans at most colle-,es Ol at any Navy Reeiintin,, Station
Tea Dance
Glider Clul> and Flying: Club Meet ui V st door of Union at 7 JO p m toniKht vith or without dates Bnnt one dollar ARl
ItOT( ScnfofH Ail candidi t s f r con mi sioT in the OTTiptit. Rtsdvt Ciris Army of tlu Ui it d State \vh ^Mll paitieip tc in Commincement exercises Mav 2 in the RO rc (cremony will ni ct.^-Fusday April 28 11 a m in loom 10c) Armoiy fir in sti etion and j lattice PUIVLR
Ail StudciitH Those interested in takinfir Span sh "J (Eni?r Spanish) this aUmihtir please call mt at 8444 before April Course includes study of conversational and piactienl Spanish M L 61 62 are prerequisites —SHEEHV
today from 3 until 6 30 m the North Ballroom of the Union will feature music by leeoidings Admis Sion will be ten cents tor all eds and tree to all coeds This is the last in the senes of ‘ pt dances this se mestei
All AgriciilturiBt Staff Mcmhcm Turn in kivs at lice in the i ffice Meeting Wed iitsilay April 29 at 30 in Union Biiildii s foi I rcbentation of individual awards Room will he announeed latei ARVIDSON
Sigma Delta Psi Meetii g ii loom 302 of thi Uni at i m 1 le I iv Apiil 28 r/ietioi f ffiiir will I III Girtihinte foi loeni memhersliip aie hue HANSFN
Union Board Members Meet at Ui ion S inday April 26 at 12 30 for picnic HUTCHINS & NELSON
All Lxiionent S iphomores S g i I I i Uni i ffice Iiif r | m M t lay Aj iil 27 il voi lie gong to be ii scloil I nig the ummti simt t i ARMSIRONG
Aeronautical Lngincers! All sophomorofl wl c 11 imib appear on the Advaiuidd Cl iir i ROIC accepted list and who plan to (ak Aeiotiaiilicsl Engineering (Currlcil* I im A ) should report to the Adjutant in Ihi main office of the Armory without dd1 y —RIORDAN
Alpha Phi Omega Pledge hike 7 pm Saturday April 26 Meet at WMW steps of tie Union —SCHALLIOL
Town Girls To Hold Picnic At 3:30 Today
I own Gills picnic will be this alt ernoon at Happ'v Hollow All girls attending meet m the West Lounge
ot the Union at o 30
Maigaiet Graves and Dama lie land eo chan men of the social com mittee h rve made all ai i angements
Classified Ads
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTR'JTION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
We Know Our A-B-C’s
in Dry Cleaning
You catiuot acquire dry cleaning perleelioii in a hhorl lime. Il requires years ol scientific study and practice. For a quarter ol a century Crown has been putting into practice new developments, as they arise, that builds for perfection.
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
Typewriters—Addii ff Machine*' ali makes 5(11 rci t d r pairc I ni 1 i irchnsed M me ograi h work done C J Lberahoff OOo Mum Lafayette I hone 2 7 )
I ost ( I tel 1 N Itl I tr I J n u 1 ) I C 11 I 0 b
I or bale 1 Uluibd Coll; C II 8
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
@nowii Laubory
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD i RISK — DENTISTS —
dOO 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
iversiiv Book Store
Across From Union Bed San inoi s 29 Doc Ej pie 40
Top of the Hill
Wesley Foundation Sundav Services (Corner Chaunctv iiid South) 9 jO Student classc^' 1 The Piiii cipks of Chiifatian Bi other hood will be taught by Mi s 0 S Stcck 2 A Better Understanding ot God vv ill Ik taught bv Di C 0 Ltt 10 40—Moinmg 3\oi‘'hip Scivki thm facivici Doctoi O S Strili w ill u‘-c as his theme Tin \' oi Id Christian Communitv S ]) t e i 11 music will hi tiunished by the chon 6 00—eskv Vespeis This pio gram will bee,m at 6 p m with games and fellow ship De in C h ii It s W Gilktv IS the ,,uest spealti sehedulcd to sjieak at 7 00 p m
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
GOOD PRINTING
PAINLESS PRICES Mort Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop
401 S 29th St
Phone 5205
SENIORS
Wr have made suh&erihiiig lo Ihe EXPONE^ r a-
AH you Iiav<‘ io do is Jill out Ihe coupon, keep the reeeijtt, and bend (he rcbl lo ns in IIh' ein elojte pro> ided.
EXPONENT W
DEAC SAYS: Fellows—Now that the Prom is over get out of the hole by selling your used books.
50% CASH
is payed on all used books.
325 State Street
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE
— Established 1908 — West Lafayette, Indiana
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
STUDENTS! Lei’s all play our part in this great Defense Program by buying stamps NOW! Come lo the PURDUE UNION and
BEY E S. DEFENSE BOIVDS and STAMPS
IP-,