'.' ?■"■' .l,t I ■
\ ^
jir ly Jfi
»• 7
t \
/ i‘V *; r^' ^ i
EDITORIAL Finds Many Coeds Returning Next Term
Established 1880
xftMiem 9 Dance Tonifirht
MERRY-GO-ROW^ i Says Wallace's Detroit Speech Tough^t
Saturday, )uly 24/ flSMlt
Volume 56, No. 37
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Enthusiastic Audience Hears Henry Scott At Convocation Pianist Thinks Humor Belongs On Concert Stage; Dubs It Most Hare, Ellusive Of Arts
By Peg Steffes
In a Music Hall filled capacity, Henry Scott, pianisthumorist and one of the most colorful, likeable personalities ever to perfornl on the campus,
To Speak Wednesday Dean A. A. Potter, of the school
of engineering, will spfeak on the topic, “The American Patent System, at an engineering meeting, Wednesday evening at 7:30 in the
Harry Reed To Play For Open Air Dance Tonight At 8:30
HENRY SCOTT
had the audience eating out of his hand last night, begging for more boogie-woogie, classics and concert satire. The sandy-haired pianist continually tossed hilaiious remarks to an enthusiastic audience, who responded so perfectly that he was ^uspected of hai boring stooges. Scott laughingly denied this,-and said he liked his audiences so well that not even one sailor’s bronx cheer could annoy him. Entertains Servicemen He has been entertaining servicemen all ovei the countiy, including West Point, Annapolis, canteens, navy yaids, and army camps. He is scheduled to appear at Notre Dame next week. Scott has originated his own theoiy about humor. He believes it is a fine art, and therefoie, belongs on the concert stage. In order to make it woithy of the stage, he uses music as the medium. He practices about 18 hours a day when not on tour, but still doesn’t consider himself a master of the ait. Admires Chaplin, Rogers "I used to watch Will Rogers and Charlie Chaplin. To project genuine humot fiom the stage is difficult .yoi’k,” explained Scolt. as a crowd (See SCOTT, page 4)
Playshop Concludes Hart Kaufman Hit Production
1
Sykes Does Peppery Job On Whiteside While Banjo Captures Audience Appeal
By Margaret Baynes
Playshop coi^cluded three nights of “The Man Who Came To Dinner” in a riot of Egyptian mummies, mating cockroaches, hatchet-murderers, and sweetly singing choir boys, with their
production last night.
With the troupe of thirty-four actors prancing on and off the stage with the regularity and cheerfulness of a three-ring circus, playgoers found little time to note the one stray dog Elaine Kail,
and several assorted insects that wandered busily in and out of Fowler Hall during the en-
tirity of the play.
Sykes Man’s Whiteside
Sheridan Whiteside, who was well manned by George Sykes, took immediate hold of the plot and keep it going with many and varied peppeiy remarks; as he did not succeed in taking the “ants out of her moonlit pants” the I'omance between Maggie Cutler, the “Man’s” secre-tary-played by Caroline Wood, and Bert Jefferson, played by Glenn
Alabach, ended well.
From the moment in which Whiteside presents himself on the steps as a guest until h'fe leaves, the Stanley home is merely fouV walls suriounding the great personage and his managerie of
friends.
Five Home Ec Grads Receive Commissions
Five graduates of the School of Home Economics at the Umveisity
Bunt of the great ones sardonic are among the recent group of army remarks was “You old puss bag” dietitians who have been commisMiss Preen, characterized by Con- sioned as second lieutenants, accordnie McCoid. After being tenderly ing to word received here, called a sex-starved cobra, and The graduates commissioned and frozen custard, Miss Pieen de- their assignments are as follows: parted with a flourish to a muni- Thelma Bacheller Forsythe, tions factory for peace and quiet. .35^ Station Hospital, Boca Raton Slate, Richland Appeal Field, Boca Raton, Fla.; Mrs. Jeanne Especially appealing were, Sarah Hunter Hexamer, '37, Oliver Genthe cook, Margaret Slate; the best eral Hospital, Ga.; Mary Frances horse doctor in town. Dr. Bradley, McLaughlin, ’40, overseas; Ruth Robert Richland; Banjo (Where did Jayne Williams, ’40, Camp Atterhe git that shirt), Robin Padorr. bury, Columbus, Ind., and Dorothy Fur swathed and greatly be-dia- Ells, '41, Station Hospital, AAFTS, mond Lorraine Sheldon, play by Sioux Falls, S. D. Betty “I’ll play any pait with lush” The dietitians are the latest proWedge, had the audience biting fin- fessional group to be granted comgernails until she disappeared with- missions in the army. They are atin the mummy case. The small town tached to the medical corps and are family, which becomes a slave on its immediately commissioned as secown doorstep, is Mr. and Mrs. Stan- ond lieutenants with the opportunity ley, alias Waldo Margulis and for advancement to higher ranks.
DEAN A. A. POTTER
Another Hit
McCutcheon's Book Tells
In Pacific
Of Jap Drive By Elizabeth Ford John McCutcheon Raleigh, former University student and author of “Behind the Nazi Front”, has scored a second hit with his recently publinshed “Pacific Blackout”. The material for it was gathered first hand while Raleigh was broadcasting for CBS from Batavia and Sydney. During this time he also served as United Press correspondent in the Netherlands East Indies. Much of “Pacific Blackout” is made up of spot repoiting of the Dutch and native population of Borneo. Raleigh begins his story by describing his trip by boat to Manila, the first lap on the way to Java.
Native Morale
The native morale in Java highlights the book. Raleigh tells of seeing native soldiers eiect a budge across a ninety-foot river, cross over it, and then destioy it, all within the space of five minutes. He also tells of a native tribe of backcountry warriors that traveled in full tribal battle kit for five days through Borneo to offer to fight on the side of the Dutch against the Germans. The news that Holland had been invaded had inspired them to march from the interior to report for duty. When they realized that no conflict was imminent, they
threw down their weapons. Since they could not fight, they could at least offer their aims they reasoned. Although the Dutch in Java formally surrendered on Inarch 8,1942, not all of the Dutch aimy ceased fighting on that day. Guerilla warfare is still being carried on by two Dutchmen who retreated into the mountsjiins with several thousands of troops. Jap troops and police are forced to stay close to their campfires in order to avoid sudden death which accompanies stealthy raids into cities and small towns by these mountain troops. Describes Port Darwin Raleigh interestingly describes Port Darwin, Australia. He vividly pictures it as it was before it came to be entirely under military control and shows its likeness to a boom town of the old west. As the war shadow deepened over Darwin, all tradesmen suffered. The manager of the New Darwin Hotel was not the least affected by the approaching danger. His staff was gradually reduced to one maid, who tried valiantly to seivice forty rooms, two waitresses, a handyman, and a chef who threatened to quit daily. Leaving Darwin presented more
difficulty than getting to it had envolved. Raleigh tried in vain for several weeks to book passage to Melbourne. Then the commander of the United States contingent in Darwin obligingly agreed to put him on the first army plane traveling south that had an extra seat. The realistically colored description of this trip is one of the best examples of Raleigh’s ability to enable his readers to relive his experi-
ences.
As an American looking at Australia, Raleigh desciibes Sydney under its first trial by air raid. What was at first believed to be night filing practice turned out to be shelling of the city from an enemy submarine a mile or so off the coast. Untold events and their unsung heroes add to the news interest of “Pacific Blackout.” Raleigh tells the full story of the Peary odyssey and goes into detail about Lt. William Sheppard, who was shot down behind the enemy lines near Vigan and walked 250 miles to Baguio to rejoin his unit.'^ After an absence of three years, Raleigh recently returned to the United States and at present is broadcasting from station WCCO in Minneapolis.
East Faculty Lounge of the Union. The meeting will be sponsored by the combined engineering societies of the University. Dean Potter is the author of several hundred papers and books on power engineering, thermodynamics and farm motors. He came to the University as Dean of the Schools of Engineering and Director of the Engineering Extension Service. Potter has served as a consulting power engineer for several years. He was appointed Executive Director of the National Patent Planning Commission by President Roosevelt in 1942. His work on the commission includes investigation and examination of existing patent laws, the results of which he will disclose at the meeting Wednesday. The meeting is open to all engineering students and staff. All army, navy, marine, Curtis sWright, RCA, and Wright Field, groups are also invited to attend. SAE Meeting, Aug. 4, Will Feature Engineer William A. Mdaurin At a meeting on Wednesday, August 4, the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will hold a meeting m the East Faculty Lounge of t)ie Union. The main feature of the meeting will be a technical paper which will be presented by William A. McLaurin, Chief engineer of a Diesel Engine Company in Dallas, Texas. The paper will cover the evolution and design as well as the manufactuiing of the Guibeison Radial Cooled Engines. These engipes are now being produced in large quantities for use in light tanks. Also, in the expel imental stage, aie models of this engine designed for use in
ail Cl aft.
Engine On Display Aecoiding to the present plans, the engine itself, along with the ciankcase assembly, crankshaft, lods and beaiings, pistons with pins and rings, accessory housing assembly, fuel pump, cam assembly, and cylinder and head assembly, may be on display. • Dr. Lark-Horovitz . . . head of the department of physics, was guest speaker at a senes of lectures and seminars Thursday, Fiiday, and today at Iowa State College, Ames, Iowa. Topics foi the lectures weie “Radioactive Tiacers” and “Signficaiit Research in Pi ogress at the University.”
Notice
Subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have moved in the last feW days please, call at the Engineer office in the Union and have address changed. —J. T. KIMBRELL
Gen. W. N. Porter Gives Compliment To Protection School In a recent letter to President' Edward C. Elliott from Major General William N. Porter, Chief of the Chemical Warfare Service, Washington, D. C., the work of the Civilian Protection School at the Univer-'^ sity was paid a real tribute. The protection school provided intensive instruction in various phases of civilian defense for 1,265 adult leaders from 22 states, Canada, and the District of Columbia in a little more than one year of operation. Porter Writes General Porter wrote as follows: “The cooperation of the University in the civilian training program in which we have been associated has been most cordial, and I am certain that our whole war effort in the middle west has been notably advanced by the generosity of the University in making its facilities available to the War Department for use in this important training
activity.”
The fir^t class in the Civilian Protection School was opened in Cary Hall on June 14, 1942, and the thirty-fifth and final class came to a close on June 26 this year. The students in the school received courses varying from a few days to ten days in length. Leaders were trained to return to their respective communities and organize training groups in OCD work. Horseshoe Singles Scheduled For Aug. 4 The Ward horseshoes singles tournament is scheduled to get under way Wednesday, August 4 at 4:15. All matches will be played on the University courts; horseshoes may be borrowed from the Intramural Department. Entry blanks will not be sent out on this event, but they will be posted on the bulletin board outside the Intramural Office and on the bulletin board in the men’s locker room. Anyone interested in entering this meet should sign up im-
mediately.
Fifteen Coeds Will Serve i As Servicemen Hostesses Tonight’s-^Dance under the Stars” at 8:30 on the women’a tennis courts will feature a new idea to make the entertainment of service men more enjoyable all the way aroilnd. sorority, co-op house and residence hall has appointed one t() act as hostess at the dance. Wearing a badge in this capacity, she will introduce men to dancing partners, eoke-drink-ing partners or talking part?*
ners.
The girls will meet at 8 p. m. on the tennis courts with the Deans of Men and Women and Lt. (jg) Lee Somers, recreational officer of the Naval TraihlAg programs. The same girls wyi he there for three consecutive Satur-
Next Monday the SeaBee cruiser nights, and from this group a is to dock in Lafayette. The U. S. permanent committee of the tbsee Navy’s famed 50-foot land cruiser ^ost efficiently successful hosteblEeS is scheduled to lower its gang plank ^ilL be chosen to take chorge of and welcome visitors aboard start- service men’s entertainment in the
ing at 9:30 in the morning. It will future, drop anchor on the east side of the informal
court house square, remaining on
exhibition there until 9 at night. ^o admission charge, sy^temaThis is all in connection with a drive and Hai-ry Reed’s otby the Navy to obtain 100,000 more important fea-
tures at the dance. Planned by tha committee for service men’s activities, the dance is for all civilian Wudents, RCA, Curtiss-Wright and Wright Field girls. Cut dances will be announced from the bandstand in order to give everyone a fair chance. Dress will be strictly infotmhl, the cooler the better. Outdoor dancing was experimented with last
Seahee Cruiser To Visit Town Next Monday
SeaBees—“can do” men of the
navy.
The cruiser is a well equipped lounge built into a 50-foot trailer. It is fully decorated with interesting displays, sound motion pictures, and a public address system. A crew, headed by Lieutenant Halley, of the civil engineers corps, sent fiom the navy department’s
bureau of yards and docks, will be mer in the form of two dancns, ^d on hand to answer questions and since dancers took to the Cwd give talks, as will the caravan re- ning breezes more enthusiastically cruiting staff, headed by Lieutenant than to the heat of Union balbrooiK^ W. B. Timberman, assistant officer the idea has become traditional., in charge of navy recruiting for the Decorations for the star-da^(^ Indiana area. which is the third in a series of &nr
Through the action of the SeaBee cruiser, many young men will get the opportunity to see for
themselves what the SeaBees have blue, to offer in the way of navy trade able,
schools for teaching lecruits a
trade.
campus entertainments for
men and women, will be carried ont in cabaret style with red, white and
Refreshttiants will be avail-
Faculfy Notice The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, July 26, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. —Edward C. Elliott President
It is hoped that the weather nmn will cooperate to the extent of ho rain tomorrow, for the dance is the season’s first outdoor affair. {
Editorial Staff ^ Pictures of juniors petitioning for senior jobs will be taken day afternoon. Schedule is on deploy in the office. —BEALL
Good Wearing . .
L S. Ayres^ Stylist Describes Practical^ Non-Dated Clothes
By Dorcas Anne Wolfe “A classic,” according to Mrs. Elizabeth Patrick, stylist for L. S. Ayres and Co. of Indianapolis, “is ageless, timeless, tried, and true. It IS a garment that is made over the same pattern yeat after year and continues to be good.” Classics aie always the simple designs which are practical to wear, look well on the human figure, and can be worn foi' years without becoming dated. It pays to be able to recognize these as good buys. Most of the clothes that are considered classic at L. S. Ayres are the typically American garments found in the sportswear department. These are especially good investments for the college girl because she will be suitably dressed in them wherever she goes. She can buy them today apd wear them for the lifetime of Ijhe garment. They are adapted to the figure of the normal woman, and usually are not made in the larger sizes. Fabrics Change Classic dresses are generally made rather long waisted with wide, adjustable seams. The types of fabrics used in these dresses may change from year to year. The “Grace Ashley”, an example of the classic shiitwaist dress, is made of Evei grand crepe and comes in three basic colors. It has been part of the classic stock for four years. Its cre-
ator, Grace Ashley, began her career by making a single blouse and skirt. Marshall Field, her first buyer, ordered twenty-four pieces at once! Grace Ashley completed the contract, and her success was made. The blouse and skirt were later combined into a dress. This dress is frequently copied, but the original “Giace Ashley” has remained the same. Women’s classic shirts are characterized by the convertible neckline, one pocket on the left side, and usually long sleeves. French cuffs were formerly most characteristic; however, because of the present curtailment of the use of fabrics, plain cuffs are now used. Botany flannel shirts are a comparatively recent addition to the classic shirt family. Classic Sweaters Too! The pull-over and the cardigan are both classic sweaters. They are nearly always long sleeved and can be either the fitted waist-length type or the long, straight hiplength. Classic wool skirts are plain colored—^brown, black, and navy are stocked most heavily. They are either gored or pleated in back and front with no unusual effects. Theie are two types of classic coats—the leefer and the box coat. In suits there are the classic tweed with the Paddock or boy coat and the man-tailored suit. A medium
weight fabric is used in winter coats and suits. Zephyr weight is used for spring and snntqi^0r wear. Black, medium browh*, dark green, and cherry red are 1^ classic winter colors. These are augmented by yellow, light blue, and soft beige green in summer. Shoes are generally censidm^ classics when the lasts remain good even after the styles change^J^'* amples of shoes which have popular for a number of yearn are still good are saddle shoes, spectator pumps, plain poQMJs, moccasin type Oxfords, and pthhtsr soled nurses’ shoes. The siny^le walking Oxfords with one and onehalf inch heels that are being worp by the WAACS and WAVES are classics. Pearls Are Classic Jewelry “ Single strand pearls and peal;! button earrings are the truest and practically the only classic^ hi jewelry. \ With the present conditions unsettled and with the uncertainty oi the future, it is essen|ipl, to ^ospr the classics and to make ^he most of this knowledge, Frivolity in clothes is ridiculously out of in a country at war. Buy the garments possible, aijid7wear longer. Before making a pviB}k»s$» the purchaser should ask, "la it ageless, timeless, t^ied, and timiT'*m
.1, ■'i' ■*
m.
Purdue ExpoHmit
Saturdayf Juty 24,
a
f^rdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memoriel Union, Phone 4005 l^oUK, ‘Fteldhous^, 1>hone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Beporasr Editor...
Sonorary aone^ry
.William G. HoBkina
Dale E. Bntz
aonorary fid|tor....v. "• fia^noBa Manaser ...Gerhard H. Klouman
WtA tna CoHirB
Editor...... Baalnesa' Manager..... aaws Editor..... Mnnaiclntr Editor Ad^^^^Matibger.....
..Hobert BoawInWe Mnry,®iltf .Sally BeWl Donald E. Brawer ... .A. Jane Keiih ........JoaBph S. Datraoh ......Jean Lauer
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
atoeiite Editors: H. B. Abbett, C: C. Martindeli, E. F. Mur- : phV,'W. a. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur, i^ed Staff: Buth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Eoitherine Howea. Bparta Stalf: R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith. C. E. Sewards,
Ads
Business Staff Aaaiatant Adeertlalng Manager: C. li. Gaunt. Layont Director; J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauemran.
The Purdue Independent Bdltor-ln-Chiet
..Bert‘S4tller
Staff For This Issue Night-Editor: Gebrgesdn Issue Editor : Murphy Itay Editor: WilbUr Sports Editor: Lipes Heporters: Steffes, Kropf, Baynes, Woerner.
Entered ns second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, atM at the special rata of postage provided 'for in section nt)8, 'act of October 3. 1917, authorized Januaj-y 20, 1922. EltbllSbe'd on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings dur--ing the year, except certain vacation perit)ds. Delivered daily by carrier for 31.25 for a semester ; by mail for $1.60 for a Semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent •ffice or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mtldisdn Ave., New York, N. Y.
Front Line Newsmen... ■ AiW^rican newsmen and photographers h^ve always been rated as among the best in the ijvdrld, not only because they have enterprise an^ grit, hut because they can sense a news story before it.actually breaks into print. >0ur newsmen have, however, also learned when to keep a world-shaking scoop under their hats when they were requested to do so. The most notable, and most recent, example of. the American newsman’s ability to keep a ^ory occurred in the invasion of Sicily, General Eisenhower had taken the press into his co’ntidence and had told them some time before the actual invasion just where it was to take place. The American press kept its secret. !Not one word was sent home giving even the slightest inkling of what was to take place. Kpt one of the correspondents tried to sneak a ^message through to his editor. The invasion came off as planned. Mr. Average Citizens in the United States was surprised, but tlu' Gfi mans and Italians Were surjprised most of ail. The Axis had expected ah invasion, but it had its money placed on other spots along the European coast. The toughe.st press in the world had kept its secret, and its reward was the privilege of going along on the attack on Sicily. The largest force of foreign correspondents and photographers ever collected Was ordered to cover the fighting that was to herald the bfeginning of the European invasion. More than fifty correspondents from Britain, the United States, Canada and Australia set sail from North Africa. These correspondents are the best in their field. They will give the United States and the rest of the free world an accurate picture of what is happening, for it is an American heritage that we shall be the most informed people in the world. Hitler and Mussolini hated the American newsmen in time of peace because they said that our newsmen never knew when it was tithe to quit. News seemed to run in their veins. This final drive against the European devils will cost dearly in the lives of both our soldiers and newsmen, but when one dispenser of news falls another will rise to take his place ajid continue to give us the best news coverage in the world.—h.b,a. Always With Us .. . Those persons who have been worrying about whether or not coeds were planning on taking a vacation en masse during the September and October intrasession will probably be relieved to know that an informal .survey has shown that a large proportion of them are planning on attending the University during that tiihe despite the appeal of a two moriths’ rest from studies. Of the eight sororities on campus, six are definitely planning on keeping their houses open. Since most of the houses must be nearly full in order to maintain expenses, this is a definite indication that a large number of the coeds are convinced of the value of intrasessibri' to them. The other two houses’ answer, “We only wish we knew whether we could remain open,’’ suggests that at least a certain bdihber of the girls in . those houses de.sire to TbtuBn. 'i'hose coeds who have already decided to re-icnroll in the University in September are lo be highly commended while those who are «tin undecided .should seriously con.sider their 'obligation to the University as well as the adwaiitiag^s of intrasession before they do decide. As President Elliott pointed out in a mes-
Tib Ri?. U. S. Pil. Ort.
• y DRE W . pVaRSON Wallace Will Put Plenty Of Fight In Detroit Tomorrow; Cox Tops Nepotism Record WASHINGTON—Those who have peeked at Vice President Wallace’s address to be delivered in Detrciit Sunday, say that it is the fig-htingest, toughest speech of his career. That is saying a Idt, since he has delivered a couple of others which made Republicans indulge in name-ceiling and which were read with avid interest all over the world. lUside fact is that Wallace was planning a fighting speech even before his public row with Jesse Jones and his rebuff from the President. The VP plans his speeches a long time in advance, sometimes spends weeks preparing them, writes them almost exclusivfely himself. So, any acid statements in the Detroit speech will not he the result of the Jones row. Basically they will result from the fact that the Vice President has decided to take up the old liberal mantle where Roosevelt dropped it with the war.** The President has given complete approval to Wallace picking up the mantle. He read every word of the Detroit speech and even put in some'punch lines. However, whether the President approved or not, the bets of those who'know Wallace are 100 to 1 that he will continue the liberal fight. Basically shy, not given to easy expression, Wallace doesn’t rouse easily. But'when he does get started he doesn’t stop. He now feels that the old economic-social issues Which Roosevelt faced during, the bank holiday period of 19.S3 are hack again, and that someone has to carry the hall. Cox Tops'Em Gongi’essman Eugene Cox of Georgia has now set the all-time high for helping himself and family at the expense of American taxpayers. Other Congressman from time to time have put their relatives on the government payroll, but none has ever come anywhere near Cox’s record for getting so many feet in the feed-box. At present he has six relatives on the payroll, for an annual total of $30,120, including his own Congressional salary. . In addition he has now secured from Congress a handout of the taxpayer's’ money to tlie tune of $60,000 to investigate the Federal Communications Conimis.sion after that Commission unearthed a check for $2,600 allegedly received by Cox for lobbying. It is a criminal offense for a Congressman to lobby with a government bureau, so the FCC referred the matter to the Justice Department. Whereupon Cox persuaded his brethren on Capitol Hill to investigate his PCC accusers and make him “impartial” chairman of the pi'obe. i Here is the detailed breakdown of Cox’s nepotism: Rosa Robinson, Cox’s secretary, is his sister—$.3,380 a year. J. Chaney Robinson, her husband and Cox’s brother-in-law, is a.ssistant House bill clerk—$3,120 a year. Grace Cox, wife of the Congres.sman, is a clerk in his office—$3,120. Robin Cox, Sr., a brother, postmaster at Donalsonville—$2,400. . Mrs. Jim Cox Hoggard, a sister, postmistress at Camilla (Cox’s home town)—$2,550. Charles M. Cox, a nephew, senior administrative officer of the Agricultural Adjustment Administration’s special program division, who says he got his job without Cox’s aid—$5,600. Congressman Cox’s yearly salary—$10,000. Merry-Go-Round U. S..officials, visiting Britain are struck by the fact that a British air officer can breakfast with Ids family, see the children off’ to school, and. in two hours he over the heart of enemy territory on a bombing missipn. . . . Politicos are wondering if there is any significance behind the move of astute Frank Gannett, New York State publisher, in opening a Washington news bureau in charge of Cecil Dickson,'formerly of the Chicago Sun. (Copyright, 1043, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIN AND BEAR
IT
:'BlfiSilr
sage to the students which was published in the Exponent last month, one of the major advantages of coming to school during intrasession is that the cpntinuity of training will be maintained. Those coeds who are preparing for jobs vital to the war effort such as dietetics, chemistry or bacteriology among others will agree that the value of this is obvious. Besides maintaining continuity of education, the intrasession will also enable many of the students to graduate sooner than they would be able to if they did not attend. Those who need extra hours of “B”, transfers who need less than a full semester’s load of credits, and sophomores who will be able to pick up an additional nine hours of work in their remaining semesters can all graduate a semester sooner by coming to intrasession. However, there are valid reasons for some of the coeds who are not returning, the additional cost to those who will not be able to graduate sooner being one of the most important. ' Coeds who are now living in houses which will not be able to remain open have a definite responsibility in seeing that valuable living quarters do not go to waste for two months. One possibility is suggested by the coed cooperative house which has already been leased to navy wives until November. The coeds’ duty regarding attendance at intrasession was ably expressed by an Exponent editorial published last April which concerned coeds'retufning to surnmer session. “The coeds of the University feel that they are far removed from the war, but they really have a stake in the struggle, and it is imperative that they complete their traim'ng as soon as possible in order that they may help to fill the many jobs which require people with their training and education.”—k.m.h.
“Book at her showing off. Why, at home, before she got this job, you could scarcely see through her windows.” Personnel Notes
Companies sciiecluled to visit the campus: North American Aviation, Inc., Inglewood, Cal.—^July 26.' InteTestecl in M.E., A.E., E.E., C.E., Physicists, Mathematicians. RCA Manufacturing Co., Camden, N. J.—July 28 and 29. Interested in' August and December E.E., M.E., P.S.E., Ch. e!, Physici.sts, Met. E., Chemists. The Glenn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Md.—Date to be announced. Interested in August and December A.E., M.E., C.E., E.E., P.S.E. The following companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment: The Standard Oil Company of Ohio, Cleveland, Ohio—^Interested in M.E., Ch. E., Chemists. Sign by Saturday, July 24. Armour & Company, Chicago, Illinois—Intei’ested in M.E.’ Sign by Wedne.sday, July 28. Shell Developent Company, Emeryville, California—Interested in Chemi.sts (B.S., M.S., Ph. D.), Ch. E., M.E., Physicists, C.E., E.E. Sign by Wednesday, July 28.
Students must have their laundry done even if it is wartime. To facilitate and expediate this necessary service, students at Princeton bring their laundry to a designated spot where it is pickdcl up by the Campus Railway Express Agency. —E-P— Home economics students at Cornell U. felt they had to aid the V12’s stationed there, so they set up a trouser shortening department. An assembly line of five groups.
Placement Notes For Women The Civil Service Commission at Washington, D. C. announces positions at the National Bureau of Standards at Washington, D. C. for technical aides' in quartz crystals (Trainees) at $1620 per year plus over-time pay. Persons interested in this may receive further information at Placement Service for Women (2955). -Irene Feldt, Director.
rippers, pinners, stitchers, pressers, and packers, was set up, with the janitor acting as a model; the girls, altered 60 pairs of trousers in an hour and A half. Their only regret Was thatythe sailors had not put their telephone numbers on the tags. ^ . —E-P— Males at the University of California are chafing under the new invasion of the female sex into their hidden recluses. Since the army invaded the ASUC Coffee shop, the men’s tap room, a former male haven, has been opened to Co-eds so that they too can get lunches and snacks. ■ , ■ —E-P— . V-12s have their difficulties. At Michigan, one poor sailor is having a terrible time with red, unbecoming hands. But whites must be white and so the poor boy has advertised for some kindhearted coed to do his laundry, or to at least lend him an iron. Hope he gets his request. —E-P— Carnegie Tech is one of the few Universities in the country that has been selected to train ovei' qualified men. These men are considered over-qualified for the regular ASTP program and so will be given post graduate work. -E-P-. : Attention, enlisted men stationedhero at the University. The following latter has been taken from “The Michigan Daily” of the U. of Michigan. “We’re protesting against your unfair attitude toward the Michigan coeds. We’re neither “unfriendly” nor “cold”, and we’re most anxious to make the stay of all servicemen on our campus a pleasant one. But—the responsibility doesn’t lie with us alone. Since you’ve been here, we’ve tried to be hospitable, but it has been impossible to walk across cainpus without wading knee
University Presbyterian Church North Street near Grant John W. Findley, Minister, Evelyn Shell, Choir Director. Virginia Branting, Organist. 9:80-^Student Discussion Group, led by Professor M. S. Webster of the Department of Mathematics, ' 10:30 — Morning Worship. The sermon theme will: be, “The Good Fight.” The special music will im clude a baritone solo, Robert Humphreyville of the Marines and '‘'Cast Thy Burden upon the Lord,” by the choir. 5_The Sunday Evening Club will meet at the church, going from there for a picnic. Destination to be announced.
Holy
Trinity English Lutheran Church 610 North Ninth Street Monon Shops Bus A “Good Neighbor Party” with a touch of South America will be held Sunday at 7 p. m. Wear your gayest colors and be prepared for a hot time.
Wesley Foundation Sunday School will be held 9:30 Sunclay morning. Miss Clara Jakes will teach the class on “Christianity in Education.” Church services will be held at the Methodist at 10:40 a. m. Rev. Baisley will deliver the sermon on “From Whence Cometh Our Help.” The regular fellowship supper will be at 6:15 p. m. with a cost of 20c as cover charge. After the supper Rev. Charles Surber, Presbyterian minister, of Dayton, Indiana, Will lead the discussion of Religious Aspects of Post War Problems. Vespers will be held in the Great Hall at 7:20 and will be out by 7:35 p. m. All cadettes and servicemen are welcome.
deep in fresh remarks. This has created a strained situation between the coeds and you. But if you’d be a little more congenial, you’d find us all just as anxious to meet you as you are to meet us.” —S.H.A., S.A.G.—Coeds. Try An Exponent Classified!
Information can be obtained at the Personnel Office regarding employment opportunities in the Indiana State Service for: . Power House Engineer Plant Maintenance Engineer Interviewer Bacteriologist Welfare Visitor
LUNA
Starts TOMORROW ; ^ I I tvervone’s Talking About PoromounI's
MIDNITE PREVUE tONITE 11:15 P. M.
Tickets on Sale 10:30 P. M.
CHARLES BICKFORD • GlADViS COOPER ALAN CARNEY • HENRY STEPHENSON —ADMISSION— Nights, Sundays and Holidays....35c Week Day Matinees....; 25c Children 10c plus tax
COOL WASHED AIR
SUNDAY - MONDAY
Geo. Montgomery • Ann RuttieHord GLENN MILLER 1 AND HIS BAND
Lynn Bar(*Carole Landis ’Cesar Romero
' and -
Fia
RICO^Radio Picture with PAT O’BRIEN •«E0RGE MURPHY WN£ WYAn.lACKIE'COOPER .Clttl ESMOND. MAX BAER — ALSO — DONALD DUCK CARTOON
-LAST TIMES TODAY "THUNDERING TRAILS" "MEXICAN SPITFIRE'S ELEPHANT" "G-MEN vs. BLACK DRAGON' PATHE NEWS
YOUR MERRIEST MOMENTS IN MONTHS..: ; With Young laui^h Sensation!’
Starting TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY “CHATTERBOX” with JOE E. BROWN JUDY CANOVAXrmy» Navy^ Marine News
^aturday^ July 24, 1943
^or ^erpice Men, py Servwe mien
F9$&'S
Intrq-^r^y Softball
Will Begin Monday 4t.„ ^
Teams To Play Two Matches Weeklp Contest Will Take Place Among Sed'ions Intramural softball for all AST’s will begin Monday, according to an announcement by M. L. Clevett, head of the Intra-
mural Department.
First rOhhd'Will be initiated Monday night at 6:15 when the first 12 matches will be played, according to the schedule listed below. Games will be 'held ev-,— ,i.
t
Leo Friedman
Union Opens Puttering Shop To Servicemen
By Cpl. .lack Martire
In an accelerated program such as those nndeT which the soldiers, sailors and marines ai’e working,
available whereas mits will not be there of necessity must be a cha>pce
ery Monday and Thursday night hereafter. Each section
will compete as a team.
Teams which are not provided with equipment should delegate the athletic manager of their section to obtain it at the checkroom in the fieldhouse, according to
Olevett.
Balls, bats and masks will be
supplied. The diamonds to be used are on the north end of Intramural
field.
Postpone Game For Rain Games which are rained out will be played at times other than those scheduled and when convenient for both teams involved.
to relax. Those who know say that use of the hands and direct physical creating is about the best method of recovering from nervousness caused by excessive “brain-work”. With this in mind the “Puttering Shop” has been opened in the basement of the Union Building for all
According to Clevett, Navy soft- interested servicemen. In the welball will also begin next week with come coolness of the sub-basement,
games being played in all probability on Tuesday and Friday. Schedules will be available next Monday or Tuesday. ‘ Scliedule For Monday, July 26 Games Begin At 6:15 p. m. Diamond— 11 A 1 vs. B 1 ''' 12 A 2 vs. B 2 13 A 3 vs. B 3 14 A 4 vs. B 4 • 16 A 6 vs. B 6 10 A 6 vs. B 6 17 A 8 vs. C 1 18 C 2 vs D 1 19 C 8 vs. D 2 20 C 4 vs. D 3 21 C 5 vs. D 4 22 C 6 vs. C 7 A 7 drew a bye and will not play until Thursday. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
diletanttes or experts may do what they will with the raw materials of wood, leather, clay and paint. All the needed equipment is supplied by the Union for the free use of the men. Staff Will Help For the complete novices there will be members of the Applied Design Staff and sevei’al local artists to help out with questions. The shop will be open today from 3-0 p. m. and 7-10 p. m. tomorrow, and every week end there after between the hours of 2-5 p. m. Notice Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar. Try An Exponent Classified!
IF yOU’RE 0^ mm cdpyvlET YOUR GUESTS STM M TOE CilPUS! Reserve TJiem ROOMS at the Purdue Uuion The Union Rooms Me: GOUT and RTSTFUi NEHR TRySPORTMIO^ COiENIEITEY EOGMED
By'ifc.
The following questions and answers, taken from the booklet “Fifty Questions and Answers on the Army Specialized Training Program”, are presented to you as the most official reply available to many of the questions that may have been bothering you. In btoad general terms, they cover every phase of the program—why? how long? what does it .get you? where do you go from here? how important is it? and many others that have needed clearing up. What is the Army Specialized
Training Program?
“It is a plan to train soldiers for specific army needs, utilizing the faculties and facilities of colleges and universities. It is anticipated that most of the soldiers who receive Army Specialized Training will be recommended for Officer Candidate School. To such soldiers the ASTP is preparation for OCS.” This statement is however qualified by an enclosure added after publication of the “Fifty Ques-
tions”:
The answer to Question No. 1 indicates that successful graduates of the ASTP may be recommended for OCS. While this statement is perfectly true, it must be realized that the number of soldiers actually appointed to Officer Candidate School will always depend upon the number of openings at any given time. Inasmuch as the number of openings has recently been sharply reduced, this statement has been prepared for inclosure within tljie booklet in order to avoid any semblance of a mis-statement of fact. What Are the Army Needs? The Army needs soldiers with specialized training in engineering, psychology, medicine, mathematics, science and also in the field of foreign language and ai^'ea study. How important is the ASTP in the opinion of the Army? Very important. It has been assigned a priority rating following only direct assignment to Officer Candidate School or to Aviation Cadet Training. What about a soldier who is eligible but who wants to get into combat service as quickly as possible? Combat duty requires careful training and preparation. Basic military training is one form. Specialized training is another. Soldiers who are qualified to receive both must realize that it is their responsibility to prepare themselves to the limit of their capacities for combat service. What is an Army Specialized Training Unit? An Army Specialized Training Unit is a unit established at a college or university where enljsted men receive their instruction in specific curricula and terms. (to be continued) AH AGR Members All members of Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity, servicemen, student members, faculty members and alumni members are invited to'a smoker to be held Sunday afternoon at 3 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union.
(festlL A6£ MOU.KIOOM',?
The Foruin By.Pfc. Gabriel Elias
By Cpl. Jack Martire Tonight at 7:30 p. m., Playshop will present its special performance of “The Man Who Came To Dinner” for all servicemen and their
dates.
The play opened on this campus last Wednesday night at the Playshop 'theatre in Fowler Hall. A near-capacity crowd was present to see this uproaring comedy and to see George Sykes play the part of Whiteside. Sykes had been in sickbay and until the afternoon before the curtain went up, so that his appearance was not a certainty. The Exponent review of the performance said that the first-night audience enjoyed the play. Servicemen are fortunate in that a college
The Ivory Tower
Editor's Note: The Forum is the service
men’s personal column. Should he agree, _
its best on the
ferent (within reason) that’s bothering last night. The first feW evenings them, should write to the 'Forum, c/o the j ^ i j_» //. Sxponent, Uiiion Building. We’ll hash it ^^6 Warm-ups and tonights peiTorout in this column. mance should be even better than II—CLIMBING DOWN those of the previous three nights. It’s old, very old. It is suggested that thosS who The relationship between educa- do not know about Heavilon’s tion and true democracy is so old chimes not worry when they sound that our Ivory Towerites dropped during parts of the play, the subject a long time ago for ' <
more novel intellectual fripperies.
Programs Dramatize
Fortunately the college training programs of the armed services have dramatized education’s role in our attempts to perfect the ideals of the American Revolution. In 1813 in a letter to John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, the great apostle of the common man wrote: , “There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents. Formerly, bodily powers took plao^mong the aristoi; but since the invention of gun powder has armed the weak as well as the strong with missiles of death, bodily strength, like beauty, good humor, politeness and other accomplishments, has become but an auxiliary ground for distinction. There is also an artificial aristocracy founded on wealth and birth, without either virtue or talents.—■ The natural aristocracy I consider as the most precious gift of natui’e for the instruction, trusts and government of society.—May we not even say that that form of government is the best which provides the most effectively for a pure selection of these natural aristoi into the offices of government. The artificial aristocracy is a mischievous ingredient in society and provision should be made to prevent its ascendancy.”
No Selection Of Qualified
But Jefferson realized that there pan be no selection of those best qualified (because of their superior
talents) if trailing and education is the'bullVti'n board barracks 9 and
to be restricted to the privileged few who are able to pay their way; so he introduced in the Virginia legislature a bill for education, so far reaching in its scope that we have not yet attained its goals. Describing this bill, Thomas Jefferson continued in his letter to Adams, “This (bill) proposed to establish in each waid a free school for reading, writing and common arithmetic; to provide for annual selectmn of the best students from these
|liir4yE uNWjiiTiit mi dry,
JhL fijjUlduSL TJUmsfuciL lAjnlofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Hi
A^ajty to Wder M
Mo muss. No fuss. Not a depilatory. ^ Equally effective on chin, cheeks, upper lip, arms and legs Leaves no stubble. AKmys ready for use. In handy compact you can carry with you anywhere. <|.00 Full season's use
Marine Writes Corps Poem By Pvt. Leroy Evans, USMC
Parris Is SC.
You can have your army khaki. You can have your navy blue. But there’s another fighter,
I will introduce to you. His uniform is different,
The best you’ve ever seen. The girls all call him “Devil Dog” ButTiis real name is marine. He trained on Parris Island,
The land that God forgot.
Where the sand is 4 inches deep. And the sun is scorching hot.
He has set many a table,
And many a dish he has dried. He also learned to make his bed, And a broom he sure can guide. He has peeled a million onions. And twice as many spuds, He also spends his leisure time.
Washing out his duds. Now, girls, take a tip, I’m telling it to you,
Just get yourself a marine. For there’s nothing he can’t do. And when he goes to heaven.
To St. Peter he will tell,
“Another marine reporting. Sir, I’ve served my time in Hell.” This poem recently appeared on
le bulletin board barracks
reprinted here by request. The marines in V-12 training haven’t been to Parris Island yet, they haven’t marched in 14 inches of sand, and they haven’t peeled many spuds or onions, but don’t worry, they will, many of them sooner than they expect. The rest of the poem, however, fits our situa-
tion perfectly.
Use Elbow Grease
When the marines moved in here
schools, who might receive" at the the fraternity houses lacked a lot of
public expense, a higher degree of education at a District school; and from these district schools to select a certain number of the most promising students whose work was to
te completed at an University, where all useful sciences should be
to square them up. Floors had to be scrubbed, windows washed, woodwork washed, and all the corners and closets had to be dug out. Things have to be kept that way,
Cosmetics — Street Floor
taught. Worth and genius would too, ;ind they’re beginning to learn thus have been sought out from that Mom doesn’t have such an easy
every condition of life, anil com-
pletely prepared by education for Most of the fellows came here defeating the competition of wealth with enough clothes to last 10 days, and birth for public trusts.” the time orders said it would be beServicemen Realize fore uniforms were issued. Most of the servicemen here real- Two weeks have gone by and it ize that our training programs are will be four more before uniforms practical applications of these great will be issued. Laundries are slow, ideas <of Jefferson, and are proudly and the average Marines’ financial doing their utmost to bring credit situation isn’t so good so bathrooms on their units. Fortunately the in- are turned into laundries, sipid, who can conceive no interest Frequent sayings heard ai’ound in anything beyond their immediate the houses are, “Hey, Joe, does this personalities, are few in our midst, look clean?” “Anybody got any The servicemen of vision are the soap?” Who swiped my ‘T-shirt off ones who will make ASTP, V-1,-7, the line”, and “Who who walked all and 17 history; for, to them, these over the clothes I had dr-ying on the
programs carry too much hope to lawn?”
be legaided lightly. marines are doing every-
We see.demociacy reaching its thing these days,
ultimate in the field of education by granting to what Jefferson calls the natural aristoi, through these programs, scholarships of tuition, subsistence and pay; and we are determined that democracy shall not
Roy J. Horstman ... a graduate of Electrical Engi-
neering in 1933 and an all-Ameri-
be thwarted through any fault of can football player on the Univer-om-s, sity team at that time, has just
been appointed executive engineer of the Jefferson Electric Company of Chicago. Before Horstmann
entered the Jefferson Electric Com-
pany, he played two years of pro-
fessional football.
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Public Minded AST’s Form Needed Society Air Men Found ACAPB And DMTMJJS To^ Extinguish Jealousy For Corps By Pfc. Leo Friedman More in pity than in anger, more with charity than with malice, a small group of earnest, public-minded citizen-t^oldiers of tho ASTP here at the University is diligently addressihg itself to a herculean task—the extirpation of the doubtlessly propagandistically fostered jealousy men of all other army - branches seem to have for the
air corps.
When they met originally, this small group of men, it was with no particular crusading purpose. Probably it was nothing more than loneliness for fhe golden worlds behind them, and the kinship they felt to others who spoke the language of the hangar and the runways that brought them
together.
At any rate, they were then a purely social group, meeting in the Gary Hall chambers of such characters as T4 Leonard “Goo Goo” Gordon, that deceptively rdffish looking emigre from Bolling Field, or pink-cheeked Keith Glancy, that homespun Hoosier, but lately removed from Link training, to read each other’s comic books and mooch each other’s oatmeal cookies and now and then to brood over the Sunday fried chicken dinners and other glories of time past. But all about them were whispers, evil, malicious Whispers, that would not down. “The air corps man is a goldbrick,” the voices said. “The air corps man is all goldbrick.” Voices All Around Pi’om everywhere, everyone, the voices seemed to come from cannoneers and from infantrymen and even from AGF headquartersmen and medics. Did a drill master peirchance call a right flank on the wrong foot, the whisper, “Oh, he’s an air corps
man.”
Did his voice perchance fail to caiTy to the last two or three ranks ? The whole section Offered up the explanation, "He's from the air corps. What do you expect?" Did he perhaps salute a"Navy petty officer? “Those air corps stumblebums!” And s with every merest deviation from IDR, every slightest goofoff. “That’s the air corps for you!” Explanation Tried Individual birdmen tried to explain—but there is a point whcfre honest dignity is outraged. After all, if an air corps'man’s voice is shrill, it might well be from shouting to be heard above the roar of a B 17's motors—and that should be treated as a service wound rather than jeered at, shouldn't it? And yet, the air corps men realized, these are our comrades. Is it not enough merely to turn the-niiher cheek? Obviously not. The arms must fight together. Realization Gets In And after all, they, realized, tfae emotion they had to contend with was not ignorance alone. Iteep at the heart of it was clearly a core of wistful yeaming, more concretely expressed when these same scoffers had signified their choice of branch after they left ASTP—the Air Corps by an overwhelming major-
ity.
And so was formed the Air Corps Alumni Benevolent, Protective And Don’t Mind Them, Men, They’re Just Jealous Society, a purely informal organization dedicated to teaching (entirely between 7 and 7 ;30, sir) army men in general and the aforementioned scoffers in particular that far from being a bunch of palookas, goof-offs and excuses for soldiers, the air corps man is iirdeed a flower of the military. Funchion Is A Secret Just how the ACABP and DMTMTJJS works is a closely guarded secret. Sometimes it ^ies its listener with cokes and bonbons to keep him rooted while mindcleansing goes on. It helps him with statistic problems. It tells him jokes so that he may pass as a wit with his own cronies. It lenils him pocketbooks. But mainly, and always, through its collective membeis, it talks. But that is far from all. we write, the program committee of the ACA, etc., is busily engaged in drawing up a' plan whereby,' for « small honorarium, of course, thA’infantryman and the armored can be taught the rudiments of how to look and sound like an air corps man himself—the casual swagger, the pre-occupied look, the proper way of identifying a passing firmly (even if erroneously) as a B 19 or a P 47, everything. Then perhaps some day everyone can pass himself off ah a flower of the military. Won’t that be something? ' J>
Coeds" Songs
Overwhelm
Beta Soldiers
By Cpl. Jack Martire
We are overwhelmed. What to say? What to do? Wednesday night will be one that is long remembered at the Beta House. It happened
thus:
Around ten in the evening about seventy weary men were finishing their studies and getting ready to sleep. In fact, some were already in bed. The evening was cool and the
men were tired.
Surprise
Then it happened. Picture the situation: from the lawn of the Beta House came the lovely, pleasant and thruthfully welcome voices of young ladies offering a serenade to the Beta soldiers. A gross understatement: we were surprised. For a moment we didn’t understand what was happening, but that daze soon wore off and soldiers went to the windows and porches to listen.
Compliment
The girls knew how to sing and that made their presence even more exciting; they varied their lyrics from humor to sentimentality and seventy soldiers were impressed as they have never been impressed before. The cueus nave made a gesture that promises to continue happy relations between the servicemen and the feminine students. TJie Beta soldiers are sincere in their appreciation and they feel only more respect and warmth for the coeds.
Warning
Let anyone who makes future remarks about coeds beware. If a Beta soldier is around, the offender will find a foot in his gluteus maximus or a club on his occipital com-
plex.
We remain overwhelmed.
Schedule Of Events 8 p. m.—Purdue Playshop’s “The Man Who Came to Dinner” in Eliza Fowler Hall. This is a free performance for all servicemen. There will be no reserved seats. Servicemen are invited to bring dates. The doors will be open at 7:15 p. m., cur-
tain at 8 p. m.
8:30 p. m.—“Dancing under the stars” sponsored by the University Student Union at the Women’s Tennis Courts (North of Armory on University St.) Open to all service-
men.
Sunday, July 25 Church Services in Purdue Hall of
Music:
Catholic Services—8:30 a. m. Protestant Services—9:30 a. m. Jewish Services—10:30 a. m. 2-5—Puttering Shop in Union Basement will be open to servicemen. Program same as scheduled for July 24. V-12s Learn Tricks Useful for Open Sea By Pvt. Welvin West USMC One of the most practical phases of the' V-12 physical fitness program is that given in swimming. Use of the pool is shifted between the various sections so that each many may swim* at least one pex'iod each week. Non-swimmers, a group which consists of approximately 25 per cent of the men, are being taught the basic strokes in swimming. Men who already have some ability receive exercises for more endurance in the water, and are learning to jump safely from heights. They ai'e learning how to swim undef water to escape machine gun strafing by airplanes, and to swim through binning oil. This type of training will undoubtedly save many lives should these men see action such as many of our soldiers, sailors and marines have already experienced. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED“■j 1 fl'jjte ' ,v:
t f
•
Fufidue Exponent
SaturSaf, July 24, 194S
BURNHAM HAPPY ABOUT '43 FOOTBALL PROSPECTS
^ V' J:;: ^ \ '■ ^ s,
DICK BARWEGEN MAKES COLLEGE ALL-STAR TEAM
U.S. Fighting Forces Get First Class Medical Care Football Squad
By Ellis Murphy
In addition to being the best fed fighting force in the world, the armed forces of the United States can also claim to be the best protected fighting force in the world. Our forces, according to releases received from Washington says that medical care such as the United States furnishes to its fighting men is the best since history began This extensive meicy” sys- beds 01 moie and aie the equivalent tern starts with the soldier of the best hospitals m the United himself. Each man carries States Heie the wounded soldiex ,, , j T j.ii j? j. j stays until he is completely cuied
with him into battle, fastened
to his belt, a first aid packet ijj^g expeitness and efficiency of and a package containing sulfadia- these medical units attached to the zine tablets and sulfa powdei Sulfa fighting foices is well illustiated by diugs aie of coinpaiatively lecent actual figures which show that 97 development in the field of medical pgj cent of the men \\ ounded at science and have cured blood dis- peail Haiboi have recoveied, and eases, infections and pneumonia that of 4,039 patients tieated m the Soldier Treats Own Wound aiea of the Solomons and GuadalIf a soldiei lemains conscious af canal, the moitality late was only ter being wounded he will take the 0 18 pei cent tablets and dust the sulfa powdei on
the wound himself Howevei, this seldom happens since men fiom the hospital coips usually leach a wounded man befoie he is able to help himself, consequently, the sol-
IM Schedules
Fraternity Softball
Monday Evening, July 26—6 45
dier is undei competent caie as soon
as the injuiy is discoveied
The coipsman has a laigei pack-
1 Acacia vs Theta Xi
2 Navy Flight 1 vs A T 0
&
age of supplies and is able to sup- pfij Sigma Kappa
plement the equipment earned by the soldiei The coipsman administers a quick tieatment involving the
Alpha
4 Sigma Alpha Mu vs
Sigma Phi
5 Beta Sigma Psi vs Theta Chi
use of the sulfa p6wdei to stop in- ^ pj Kappa Alpha
fection, tourniquets if necessary, g Delta Tau Delta vs Navy
and an injection which stops pain pfight 2
almost immediately As soon as his 7 Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa work IS completed, the coipsman gigma & Sigma Nu ties a tag desciibmg the tieatment g Tau Epsilon vs Lambda Chi
administered,to the soldier’s leg and Alpha & Sigma Pi
ties a piece /of gauze to a stick or an upright bayonet to attract the littei bearers to the wounded fighter
Hospital On W’heels
The litter bearers cany the soldier to the battalion aid station which IS located from 400 to 1,000 yards back from the fiont lines Here, on what is literally a miniature hospital on whels, there is a staff of two physicians with assistants and practically all necessary equipment needed f,oi primary care of the ordinary wounds The most important thing contained in the battalion aid station, a counterpart of the hospital emergency room, is blood plasma Of secondary importance are anesthetics and ojriates which are used to relieve pain
Conveyed Farther Back
After being in the battalion station less than a day, the wounded man is transported still farther back behind the lines by means of the ambulance or jeep or other type of conveyance to another mobile hospital known as the Collecting Station Heie the soldier is given a veiy complete examination, and complete lecoids are kept as to the type of wound and what treatment IS needed or recommended by the doctors Each case is classified and taken caie of by a specialist, if nec-
essary
Next in line comes the field hospitals, sometimes called eracuation hospitals, which are also mobile and aie usually stationed about six miles back of the main lines, al thoughj if the emeigency is gieat enough or if things aie quiet enough, these hospitals, too, may be biought up to the fiont These units are equipped with six wheels, four with double tiies, foi travel ovei soft and rough ground Expert Suigeons These hospitals on wheels aie equipped with the most modem medical and suigical supplies, staffed by expert suigeons and aic always ready loi instant use Heie specialists in all types of suigciy, emeigency and otheiwisc, aie .‘•ta
tioned
In these modem medical centers a major suigical opeiation can be peifoimed a few minutes after the soldiei patient has incuiied the
wound
Act As Way Stations In spite of then complrteness, the field hospitals aic still meielj way stations for the wounded in then battle lor complete iccovcij J ai thest back aie the gcncial oi ba'-e hospitals, fai lemoied horn the fighting aTea, and the wounded aie earned to them by long ambulance rides, in tiucks 01 tiairis, 01 possibly the wounded man may be flown back to the base hospital These geneial hospitals have 1000
9 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi and Sigma Phi Epsilon 10 Phi Sigma Theta vs Triangle
Notices
PlA Members Picnic Julv 21 nt 2 p m in Columbian Paik Picnic dinner and swim mink Call or leave message for James Penile 26 0 or eBtty Jane Ribard> 34’"1 —PERILLE EpiscoH Students Service on Sunday July through August Tt the St John s Church 6th and Ferry Sts will start at 8 a m Mith holy communion and the morn ing seivice at 9 45 —IHORNION Omicron Nu Important meeting Tuesd iv JuJv 26 at 4 p m in Ihc Hom^ Economici, builaing OlTiceiS will be elected Be there
—BEAIL
Staff Members Members who wi-sh copies of the new e italoguc may get them by tele Xihoning the cditois oftice oi calling m perbon —BODDLN Math Conditions Fxaminations to remove conditions in mathematicfa will be giv n July 24 1 30 p m in room 218 ot the Recitation building A permit to take the cximination must be obtained at the Math olfiee not latci than Fridiy noon Julv 23
—AYERS
Student Senate Meeting Monday July 26 at 8 p m in the Senate oihee
—THOMAS
Freshmen Engineers No meeting of GE 1 OI GE 2 baturdiy July 24
—KNAPP
Triton Club Impel tint meeting Mond iv luly •’6 at 8 p m m womens kjm Pie ise he thci BROWNE Independent Girls ihose in or interested in taking, pirt m the coed show the H t
k> m Satin d ly 2 ^0 p
Dick Barwegen, outstanding sophomore guard on the Boilermaker football team last season, has accepted an invitation to join the College All Stars in then battle with the piofessional Washington Redskins at Dyche Stadium, August 25 Barwegen, who played only one year on the Riveter eleven, was the 39th player to accept an invitation to play in the game which is being sponsored by the Chicago Tribune
Chanties
Despite his shoit collegiate caieei he was recognized as being destined to become a star nr the Western Conference He was a member of the Fengei high school team ot Chicago which won a championship title At the present time he is awaiting call to the armed forces Well Grounded In Football He played foui years in high school and Fenger’s team was rated by many as capable of playing <vt least a iiimoi college schedule He continued his iootbaU lessons for a season on the Boileimakei ficsh-
inan squad
Barwegen weighs 215 pounds He IS 6 feet tall and handles his pounds with the agility of a halfback He was assigned the left guaid position on the Boileimakei varsity at the beginning of 1942 practice He was a legulai fionr then on BaiwegeU majoied in daily man ufactrning and he hopes, of couise, to letrun to the Univeisity and com plete his couise He is a inembei of Phi Delta Theta liateinity Cecil Isbell, new Boileimakei hackfield coach, who holds the foiwaid pass ing iccoid in the National lootball league as a inembei of the Green Bay Packers, is his favorite athlete Barwegen Is Enthusiastic “I appreciate the inritation to join the All Stais,” Baiwegen wrote in his letter of acceptance “all the more because I have not finished my college caieei I am happy that I will have the oppoi trinity to play with the All Stais, an oppoi trinity I might not hare had because of
the war ”
Scott
for reheufadi
-HERD
Kdppa Delta Pi Initiation will bt Tiu (laj nikht July 27 in loom 105 of the Idiicition Builtlink al 7 30 Alumni mcm bers aiL invited —JOHNSON ^Dtlta Rho Kappa Mittim? i ucsd i\ luly 27 it ) p m in ro m ■’0^ tf the Union New idd^t's be sur to bi. theie
LEVIN
Reamers Meetirik will be held Mond ly Jul> 26 at 30 p m —BOSWINKEE All Exponent Workers “YE LAST SUPPER” will be held luesday, July 27, b p. m. at Blitz’s Restaurant Sign list in Exponent office by Saturday night it expect to attend. This is impeiafn e. —BREWER.
(Continued fiom page 11 of autogiapli hounds jammed his diessing room door waiting impa tiently foi a close look at the exubeiant humoiist “Humoi IS the most elusive and intangible ot the aits, theic is such a fine line between the leal thing and non humoi Music is tangible, and a peifect inteipieting medium His fiist offcimg was a senes of imoiessions of Vincent Lopez, Teddy Wilson and Eddy Duchin who “is famous foi Ins octave span and piofile ” Scott imitated Dnchin’s gestiues extiavagantly, even to wildly thiashing the an above the keyboaid with hisjaims Ihe audience laughed unceasingly at the “Clcat Conceit Pianist”, Scott’s Intel pi etation oi a mad musician with led mop of a wig and hunched shouldeis “Ihc man binned foi losing the Lost Choid, Aithui Sullivan, was a typical musician who nevoi put the choids back wheie he found them ” Scott demonstiated the impossible method of sciaping choids to the middle of the keyboaid, explaining that Sullivan’s piano “was a incsb'” He then gave out with a boogie woogic version oi “Kitten on the Keys” to piove that he was not the villian who absconded with the Choid At Intel vals, Scott piesented clevti pantomimes, one ot these
Peggy Rj an and Donald O’Connor in Unnersars caietiee comedy musical, “31istci Bib,” starting tomorrow at Latajette Iheatie was of a young man sewing on a button—tiue to the last snag He ga\e any budding swing geniuses piesent pioiound advice to the etfect that popular iniisic needs a rich, fine academic background in the classics 'lo emphasize this statement, Scott never permitted pure humoi to dominate the pio gram—ho offered such clrssics as Lis/t’s Second Hangarlair Phan sody and Scailatti’s Pastoial Ihe ballad “A.11 The Ihiii^s You Are’ was another example of his vci^a tility One of the nro t riprouious of Scott s impressions was the Little Boj Genius Glows Up, in which ho imitated three sragCo ot piano playing Each letainc 1 the same de tails—flat notes finger crught in piano bench, audible expressions— but they all mellowed with age Just befoie iiitcimission Scott iniiouiiced, “And now we will take up a complete couise in music ap pieciation, then an eight minute in iei mission, druing which and then I’ll be right baiSk ” He demonstrated the three essentials of swing—rhythms ot tom toms, close harmony, ui dan outrageous melody of which he said, “I could have done better it I had'the time ” Incorporating all three essentials, he produced a complete musical catastiophe entitled Tlan^h, I ists, Arms and Elbow s ” Suddenly Scott jumped up fiom the piano and said, “You kiiovv what I led like—r penguin ” And with this he waddled back and foith on the stage in pcilcct impersonation Staccato clapping biought the pianist back toi three encores, one oi which was a boogie woogic version of “Dark lown Stiutters Ball” and “Alexande ’s Ragcime Band ” In the meantime most of the audi ence was tapping it’s feet, shaking shoulders and clapping in tiuc hepcat fashion T he piano seemed to icspond entiicly to Scott’s touch, loi he proved himbcll a style master ot the keyboaiif Baseball Players Impeliant meeting ot all varsity baseball men Wednesday, Inly 28, at 4 45 p m in the Fieldhouse Please be theie on time. —C S DOAN
GIVE YOUR TIME TO WAR WORK 'IAa, (Do ^JaunrOup
FREE DELIVERY
Northweslern at Virte Street
FREE DELIVERY
Phone 4081
Sunday Columbian Park Will Feature New 'Ladies Night' “Ladies Night” will be featured Sunday at 8 30 p nr at Columbian Park Stadium when the Lafayette Red Sox meet the Muncie Citizens in a conlinuation of the Ohio-Indi-ana semi pro championship senes. Although the game will be one of the highlights of the local season, with Lafayette and Muncie battting to retain then lead over Cincinnati, the management has announced that all feminine baseball fans will be admitted without charge upon payment of the Lequued federal tax of five cents In addition to admitting women, all servicemen iii uniform will be admitted free, a special invitation has been extended to University ti ainecs Abelson, Skopek, Caryl Win Howitzer Competition Awards Winneis of the 105 mm Howitzer competition for the summer teim, 1941, were announced today bv Col B M Beeie, conimanding officer of the 3516 Service Unit and ROTC at the University Squad No 6, Battery D, with Cadet R D Abelson as Chief of Section was awaided first place Squ d No 8, Battery D, with Cadet R E Skopek as Chief ot Section was awaided second place, and Squad No 5, Battery H , with Cadet L II Caryl as Chief of Section w is awai led thud place Each incnibei of the fiist three squads in the com petition was awarded 24 merits and tyvo citations Membeis of seven other hig/ily rated squads yyere awaided 12 merits each Ward Trade Meet To fndyde 5 Even! The 1913 AVaid outdoor track meet yviil lie held iMonday evening, August 2 at 4 15 Theie are five events scheduled to be run They are the 100 yd dash, the 220 yd dash, 140 yd run, the half mile, and the mile run Ihe winner of each event yvill receive a medal Entry blanks are being sent out to most of the Wards, but some of the Ward managers have moved, and it IS impossible for the Intramural Office to contact them by
letter
Gridiron Enthusiasm Pleasing To Burnham Commenting after practice last night, Head Football Coach Elmer Burnham remarked that he was veiy pleased with the enthusiasm that the many prospects for the 1943 Boilermaker gridiron squad are showing. In regard to shaping a squad for the forthcoming season he said, '‘My team will be built as a team and not as a team of in- —
dividuals." “Because of the draft and the uncertainty of the status of any of the players who are m the armed services, it would be very unwise to build a squad around one particular star Any coach doing this would be left holding the bag if that one player was transfer red or changed to another location ” Backfield Scarcity So far there are no outstanding backfield prospects for next season There are many good linesmen showing their stuff in the daily woikoiitb, but a good speedy, hardhitting backfield man is very scarce Some of the outstanding linesmen and backfield men include Jimmy Dan, Elliott, Dabucki, Joe Buscemi, Leo Milla, Moiiow and Sam Bacanti This of coruse is only a small list, there are many more nren out but the coaches haven’t had a chance to completely observe them as yet Already a week and a half of the four week summer practice session is over, and at the end of the thud week sciimmage and contact work will start The piesent daily workouts are group sessions m which the playeis are divided up accoidmg to then position and then sent through dulls which will give them a chance to iiiipiove then physical condition to get the feel of the ball
again
Cecil Isbell, new Boileimakei backfield coach is expected to aiiive tailv next week and join Burnham’s stall of assistant coacnes
Sports Shorts Six moie football playeis, five of them hnemen, have reported to Coach “Slip” Madigan as candidates for the University of Iowa team iheu aiiival means that 43 uniforms have been issued and that 29 of the candidates aie fieshmen Twenty two ot the playeis aie 17 ^eais old
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding maenmes all rriakes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Eberfahoff 606 Mala, Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds, watchefl, guns liipgagi typewriters Albert b Loan Office 407 Columbia Wanted—To lent alto saxophone, good condition C ill 76^02 Buza Haegcr Lost—Candid c imcrn Cerman Virgin in ro( m 101 Ed ication Building Rtw ird J I. Gould Phone o225 Lost—-LED Dfcitrij., blide Rule ML Building Kenneth R Scudder on e ibe Reward 8286 Lost—1 oia fre'^hmen by two sophomores If f( unci please rctuin to the peisonnel ofhee ot the Purdue Band Buy War Bonds
The hi-tle-ho man of swing, none other than Cab Callowaj, has a top role in “Stormy Weather,” the torrid, tuneful musical due today at the Mars Theatre With Lena Horne and Bill Robinson, Cab makes sure there’s plenty of entertainment in the 20th Centuiy-rox film.
She Wanteb a Part in Winning the War! ANN, A REAL AMERICAN GIRL, JOINS THE WAVES
HAVING BEEN $W0RM IN ANN l$5ENT TD ATFAININ6 ^tiOOL mm 5H£ Reams navy pay and food, QUARTERS ETC AT HO COST 70 HER
JUST TONI y ITS HARP TO } ANN, A ^believe! #200 CO^PLETE^ WORTHofCLOTHIHG
Asmiws > A LOVELY CAMPUS?
'iZ'T»
man
THE FUNDAMENTAWofDRILUN6
icrr
fLAHK,
AIMM.THISJ FOOD IS , good! AW J PLENTY
SURE is! I NEVER FELT BET IN MV Lll
YOU WILL HAVE THE SAME ' PRIVILEGES AND ^RESPONSIBILITIESAS . ANY /AAM IN THE NAVV'
TIME OUT R3R SPORTS ANii RECREATION AMD PATES,,
WATCH TOR THE FURTHER APVENrURESoFANN«»