%
A
i it -U't
1/ ll'"
if}.
©lie PuriiuE Tixpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1937
NUMBER 129 SSBSSBBEBSBaBV
Dance, Play At Tonight’s PehnyCarnival
An electrically lighted sign and archway over the entraftce to the Women’s Gymnasium will be a feature attraction at the Penny Carnival to be held there from 7 to 11 o’clock tonight. A charge of five cents per person will be made for admittance. Various co-ed organizations and sororities have constructed booths and are participating in the evening’s program. ' Booths
One may “buy a duck” from the Alpha Xi’s, be hit by a dart from the Theta booth, gamble away the life’s savings with the Alpha Chi’s, see the Kappa's present a floor show or find out what surrealism is from the Chi 0’s—all for one c^nt each. The organization responsible for the booth judged the most original will be awarded a prize. Starting at 8:30, Charles Williams and his colored band will take over, and from then until 11, guests may dance for ten cents per couple for each dance, Tne Penny Carnival is sponsored by Purdue Sportswomen, co-ed honorary organization.
Sockman To Speak At Religious Convo
Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church, New York City, will address the last University Convocation for Worship of the present academic year, Sunday morning, April 18, in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee in charge of the religious convocations, announced today. Dr. Sockman, who is the only one of the religious convocation speakers ever to be invited to come three consecutive years, will speak on “New Horizons.”
April 10, 1937 CERTAINLY yesterday’s column, written by Mary Cooley, was excellent ... in spite of the transposed line in the first paragraph. . . —30—
Bud Bryant To Play For Newman Club Dance
TWO earthquakes that shook the Miami University campus in successive days, not so long ago, really threw a scare into one of the in'structors . . . —30— , PROFESSOR Gross, a lecturer in accounting, was speaking to his class: “Last week my class was interrupted by an earthquake /. .” his hands trembled as he spoke, “and last night while I was preparing the lecture notes for this class, my desk got up and starred to hop across the room. It was another earthquake . . —30— SUDDENLY the windows of the classroom rattled gently. “Good heavens! What’s that?” he whispered hoarsely . . . —30— “JUST a truck going past,” replied a bored voice from the rear of the room . .. —30— WHICH all brings to mind a story \^ith a touch of humor to it that reached my ears recently. It seems that the seriousness of the flood discussion in a Wisconsin classroom was suddenly disrupted . . . —30—
A STUDENT who had read a great deal about conditions in the inundated areas gave a short talk on the height of the water level, the means of controlling the flood, and various other phases , . . —30— WHEN he had finished, the instructor called on a tall yoqth, who 'had been paying rapt attention to the speaker, asking additions. “Well,” he replied, getting to his feet, “I don’t believe I have 'anything to add to the flood.”
Any registered student may attend the Neyrman Club annual spring dance tonight at Allen’s ballroom from 9 till 12 o’clock. Tickets for the aifair are priced at one dollar and may be obtained at the door tonight, fropi club members, or at Kienly’s drug store. Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra, which made such a hit recently in Fort Wasntie, will play tonight.
Two Seniors End
Forensic Careers
At Chicago Today
By R. P. Manion Sixty-four intercollegiate debates without a defeat. That’s the enviable record rolled up by Dick Petticrew and Bob Royster, affirmative debaters for the University. Both men are seniors and complete their collegiate forensic careers in the Big Ten tournament at Chicago today. Two years ago Royster and Petticrew assisted the Purdue squad in setting a record that has never been equalled in a Big Ten tournament. The University negative team, made up of C. R. Loveless and J. R. Fenstermaker, and the affirmative team, consisting of Royster and Petticrew, each won three debates for a tournament record of six straight victories. Dick and Bob repeated their three-victory performance in the tournament last year, but the negative team did not fare so well. Teamwork The primary value of these two men to the University in speech work is their ability to work as a team. “Purdue has had a number of good student speakers,” says Prof. P. E. Lull, manager of University debating, “But never a team that worked together so well as Petticrew'and Royster.” Only once have they spoken against each other in forensic competition, and that was in a non-de-cision radio debate at Chicago on March 20, when Royster took the affirmative side of the current Big Ten debating question and Petticrew spoke on the negative side of the question. Almost Split Team Professor Lull considered splitting the team at the end of their sophomore year, since graduation left him short-handed on negative debaters. It was only after considerable deliberation that he decided to leave them together. Throughout the Big Ten and other schools of the Midwest, Royster and Petticrew have gained the reputation of being a topnotch team. Purdue visitors to other schools hear of the University’s famous “senior debating team.”
Edgerton To Address Ceres Group Tuesday
Members of Ceres, agronomy honorary, are holding their second open meeting of the semester in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building next Tuesday night at 7:30, E. C. Miller, president of the organization, stated last night. Palmer Edgerton, prominent farm manager and member of the University board of trustees, will deliver the principal talk'. “Pat" Henry, chairman of the education committee of the Chicago Board of Trade is also expected to be present.
Lily Pons WiU Return To Radio Lanes April 14
With the exception of two or three guest-star appearances, the voice of Lily Pons has not been heard over the air for nearly a year. The tiny French star has been busy these past twelve months—.making pictures, and doing concert trips be tween opera engagements. Beginning April 14, Miss Pons will return to the air with Andre Kostelanetz’ orchestra on the Chesterfield program every Wednesday uight at 8 o’clock. The star promises to sing more “popular” songs, although she ’vyill not abandon the famous operatic arias that have thrilled millions of her listeners,
Becker Speaks Tuesday Night
“Bob” Becker, outdoor editor of the Chicago Tribune, will give an illustrated lecture Tuesday evening in Eliza Fowler Hall on “Let’s Seek And Find Adventure.” Becker, who is a nationally known dog authority as well as an outdoor expert, IS being brought to the campus through the sponsorship of the Forestry Club, West Lafayette and Tippecanoe County Conservation Clubs and the University chapter of Xi Sigma Pi, national honorary forestry society. In addition to having the unique distinction of being the only man in radio to be paid for taking fishing trips, Becker makes forays into the jungles after rare specimens of animal life and also finds time to act as a judge for dog shows and field trials.
PIA Will Give Tea
Dance Today
P. I. A. will give a tea dance this afternoon in the Union ballroom from 4 until 6 o’clock. The P. I. A. orchestra, led by Tommy Frame, will furnish the music for the occasion.
This is the second time the orchestra has played for a P. I. A. dance this year. They previously played at a dance given for the P. I. A. dance class in Allen’s ballroom last month. Only couples presenting at least one P. I. A. membership card will be admitted.
Representatives Of CCC Camps Hear Superintendents
The relation of forestry practices, to rodents, sodding and seeding, and physical properties of soil occupied the attention of over 50 CCC camp superintendents and engineers yes.terday, who are attending a four day CCC Drainage Camp Conference, which started here at the University Wednesday, and will come to a close today with a program featuring an administrative seminar. Improved methods of laying tile under adverse conditions were discussed, as well as discussions of bridge design and hydraulic research. Camp superintendents and engineers from several Indiana and Illinois CCC camps conducted the discussions. Prof. D. DenUyl, forestry department, G. C. Oderkirk, entomology department, M. O. Pence, agronomy department, and Prof. J. P. Seaton, also of the agronomy department, were the speakers of the morning session.
Alpha Lambda Dejta To Entertain Alumnae
Active members of Alpha Lambda Delta, sophomore co-ed scholastic honorary, will entertain collegiate alumnae and the prospective pledges at a tea, April 15 from 4 to 5 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The tea will be an informal affair to acquaint the former, present, and future members. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton and Miss Clare Coolidge, advisors for the organization, will also be guests. Pledges Those who have been invited to pledge are Shirley Anderson, Treva Berry, Catherine Cooley, Joanne Edson, Sister Mary C. Faulkner, Janet Gaylord, Peggy Gran, Patricia Heine, Jeanne Horowitz, Sister Mary L. Klein, Charlotte Lockner, Martha Moorhouse, Janette Morris, Catherine Mounce, Ruth Randall, Louise Schickler, Anna Louise Sickman, Helen Steffee, Eleanjo^ Ward, Betty Wickard, Marianna Wilson, and -Shirley Yanover.
SDX Awards
Cup Tq Paper
The Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic honorary, awarded a cup to the Indiana newspaper having the best front page, at the annual banquet of the Hoosier State Press Association held in Indianapolis last night. C. M. Hardin, president of the local chapter made the presentation of the Purdue trophy. ' Other Awards The two other chapters of Sigma Delta Chi in the state also awarded cups. The Purdue award went to the best daily located in a city of less than 6,000 while the Indiana chapter made a similar award to tbe newspaper with the best front page published in a city of 6,000 to 25,000 in population. The Butler cup went to the winning weekly publication, in the same contest. The winning publications were selected by a committee from the state press association. The Purdue chapter made the award as a part of their present educational journalistic program. Governor M. Clifford Townsend and H. S. McCarthy, regional director for social security in ^ndiana, were the principal speakers at the banquet.
Announce Campus Concert Program
Flams Sports Dinner New W. A. A. council members are planning a sports spread for the old council members at the W. A. A. cabin next Thursday night at 6 o’clock. The affair^will be a farewell party for the out-going council. The new council members were electe4 twq we^ks ago. Mabel Camp bell is in charge of the spread.
Albert P. Stewart, University musical director, has announced the complete program for the Campus Concert which the musical organizations of the campus will present in Fowler Hall next Wednesday evening. A variety cf numbers, ranging from Handel’s “Holy Art Thou” to the modern dance number, “May I Have The Next Romance With You?” are included in the retinue. Eighteen selections will be included in the evening’s entertainment. The University Orchestra is to open the program with three renditions, followed by the Girls’ Glee Club singing semi-classical and popular pieces. The Men’s Glee Club will present four numbers for their part in the program. Climaxing the show will be the combined choruses, accompanied by the orchestra, singing Handel’s “Holy Art Thou” and the “Italian Street Song” from “Naughty Marietta.”
Alpha Phi Omega Names April 24 For Spring Spree
Plans have been completed for the first annual “Spring Spree,” a faculty-student picnic sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary fraternity. The outing will be held at Ross Camp on Saturday afternoon, April 24. The purpose of the picnic is to bring the faculty and students into closer friendship, besides the pleasure that picnics naturally bring. Tickets Tickets will go on sale Monday and will be available from any member of Alpha Phi Omega and at the Union desk for 50 cents each.
Estey To Address Military Banquet
WSGA Annomices Prom Hours; 5 a. m. Deadlme
Girls desiring to leave town during the week-end of Prom must submit a written permit from their parents to Dean Stratton before next Wednesday, April 14, stated Betty Ann Stewart, W. S. G. A. president, last night. Hours for this year’s Prom require that all women students must be in their place of residence by 5 a. m., or one hour after the orchestra stops playing. If a chaperoned breakfast is being held at the residence, men escorts may stay one hour later, or until 6 a. m.
High Schools Will Visit University During Gala Week
A new feature of Gala Week programs “High School Day” has been established for purpose of giving seniors and other high school students an opportunity to look over the University. This feature was established in response to many requests from high school principals and teachers, and will be combined with the annual Vocational Industrial and Industrial Arts Round-up on April 30. To See Game
The visiting students will be the guests of the Purdue athletic department at the Purdue-Indiana baseball game in the afternoon. During the week-end the various departments of the University will hold open house, the shops and laboratories being open for inspection. Regular tours are being arranged by the schools of agriculture, science, and home economics during the afternoon, for the high school classes that wish to attend Gala Week activities.
Scabbard and Blade, honorary military organization, will hold its initiation banquet in the Memorial Union Building next Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock. Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the history and economics department, will be the principal speaker. He will discuss the situation in Europe today in relation to war. Pres. E. C. Elliott will be among the honored guests who will be called upon to say a few words to those present. O, W. Buentin^ is in charge of the banquet.
A figure-finder at Northwestern University has discovered that rain —carbon dioxide and water^ as it strikes the limestone buildings on IjJie campus will dissolve the structures in 72,000 years.
Stewart Speaks On Fraternities
“Fraternities must develop men” was one of the significant statements made by R. B. Stewart, University controller, in his speech before the thirty-eighth annual convention of Alpha Chi Rho at Madison, Wis., recently. A complete copy of the speech appears in a recent issue of ’Garnet And White, official publication of the fraternity. “A fraternity is only the lengthened shadow of the boys themselves” said Stewart, and in illustrating his point, he used the University residence halls. He cites these “four fundamental precepts of conduct” to Cary Hall residents: No drinking; be moral; no gambling; and respect the rights and the privileges of those with whom you live. Other Problems “Fraternities must develop a respect for proper conduct, a higher level of scholarship, and proper relationship of the chapter interests to problems of the whole university. “When a youth accepts membership in any fraternity, he assumes a solemn obligation to uphold the principles and purposes of that group. When such a youth realizes his personal responsibility to fulfill that obligation, he should be a more reliable, a more stable man and an infinitely better citizen. Here the fraternity has a unique opportunity—the personalization of individual responsibility, of character •the building of betteir men.”
Pres. Elliott To Conduct Browsing Room Meeting
Dr. Edward C. Elliott will conduct an open meeting in the Brows ing Room, April' 14, at 7:30 o’clock. The subject of the discussion will be “Ten Books I Shall Keep”. Dr. Elliott is an exponent of reading, and it is his contention that college students do not read enough.
Grid Cliiiic Closes With
Game Today
Purdue’s sixth annual Footlmll Clinic will be brought to a dramatic close this afternoon when two teams picked from the Boilermaker varsity take the field for a demonstration game for the benefit of the numerous coaches who have attended the clinic’s two big days of football discussion, pictures, lectures, and exhibits. The starting lineup has not been announced, but it is expected that coach Kizer will use most of the men who have shown up well in spring practice so far. Morning’s Speakers This morning’s program «viH be conducted for the most parfny several out-of-state high school and college coaches. Among those who will lead in the discussions and lectures are Paul Brown, director of athletics, Massilon, O., High School; Glenn Holmes, Oak Park, HI., high school football coach; and Dr. C. W. Spears, director of athletics at Toledo University. Equipment Display A feature of the clinic, which has been of special interest to the Purdue students as well as to the visiting coaches, is the sports equipment display in the reception room of the Union Building. The exhibition includes displays of equipment for all kinds of sports and sport events by the leading manufacturers of these articles.
Mortar Board To
Fete Honor Co-eds
Junior and senior co-eds who received distinguished ratings last semester will be entertained at a buf-
fetj supper by the active members of Mortar Board at 5 o’clock, April
18, in the faculty loxmge in the, Memorial Union Building. The faculty advisors of Mortar Board, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Prof. Elizabeth A. Mitchell, Prof. Laura Partch, and Miss Helen B. Schleman will be guests at the sup-
per.
Present Concert In Music Room Tomorrow
A Sunday concert, sponsored by the music room committee, and featuring Dr. Carl Lark-Horovitz of the physics department, will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial
Union Building.
Dr. Lark Horovitz will play the viola. Appearing with him will be Thelma Thrasher junior science student, violinist; Marshall Howenstein, cellist; and Mrs. Sasser, pianist.
The string trio vrill play Beetoven’s Serenade, Opus 8, and the entire quartet will play Schumann’s Opus 47, in four movements.
Show Conference Films YMCA, YWCA Sunday
Films of the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. conferences, which were held at lake Geneva last summer, will be shown Sunday evening at two churches, first at the West Side Baptist church at 5:30 p. m., and second at the Presbyterian Church in Lafayette at 6:30. Those in charg^ invite anyone interested in thes^ activities to attend these films that show what takes place at the summer conferences.
Raymond^ Forestry Grad Awarded Scholarship
High School Students Visit University Campus Seventeen members of the junior and senior classes of the Francesville High School, visited the campus yesterday. G. M. Frier, of the University conducted the tour about the campus showing the points of interest. The group was under the leadership of Guy G. Sharp, principal of the school.
Mace Raymond, who was" graduated from the forestry departmmKt of the University in 1936, and who has since been working as technician on the Harvsprd Experimental Forest at Petersham, Massachusetts, has just been awarded the highest paying fellowship on the Forest. Raymond, who was a member of Xi Sigma Pi, forestry honorary, will begin work for his advanced degree next September.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. April 10, 1937
/
V-)
®t)e ^^uriiue exponent
FonnOed in 1883
^aocimted wUtgiato
-5J934 (£itle^ttlrMpee4 '^^seMaWSOH W1SC0K9N mbmbkntw ron nationau advbrtisino by National Advertising Service, Inc Col^eie PMisktrs Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. n. Y. Chicago • Boston • San Francisco LOS ANGCLBS • PORTtANO • SEATTLE
Business Phone 6088
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
editorial board op control R J Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech. E H. Morris. L D Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF aSSSS -K" a. Bmetli 3. E. Brock. A H Fmotcr. R P o’! S»lto iSSS». A...U.U i EH Kellogg. K. E. O’Neil Bold and Blaisk Editor - J. C. Ohaver
Business Manager _ — - National Advertising ManagerLocal Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager - Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF j L. H. Brown D. 0. Miller W J Gilhlan. R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves J. P. Girard " ” " " p. C. Robbins. F. T. Swain
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF ~ W. H. Fifield. S R. Griffiths. R. F. Obenchain
EMitor — — — Associate Editors Advertir hg Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF Jeanne Janousek. Dons McCartney. Fyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—M. S. Estey
Hell Week And Scholarship Fraternity men who uphold Hell Week ridicule the idea that that period of chastisement seriously affects the grades of the ^2*00^^ T)l0(iffGS« “Oh, Hell Week lasts only a few days,” they assert, “and any student who is worth anything can recuperate.” Students involved may be able to surmount the accumulated work in some instances, but especially in courses where new work is taken up during Hell Week do both the pledges and the upperclassmen in charge of road trips and other escapades suffer. The University realizes that a good start is desirable, and sometimes almost imperative, for mastering a subject and consequently refuses to permit students who fail to attend the first session of a class to continue in the course unless provided with proper authorization or excuse. One fraternity pledge, for instance, slumped seriously in a course in which a new phase of work was started during a recent Hell Week ordeal. The freshman had earned a high ‘B grade in the preceding course of last semester and was doing rather well this semester. While his fraternity was conducting Hell Week, however, he failed to turn in written work on the stipulated date and asked for extra time on the assignment. Again the pledge asked for more time in preparing the work and also requested for an explanation of the material. Now the subject matter had been covered thoroughly in the classroom, but evidently the freshman, who according to previous records is a good student, was too sleepy and worn out from Hell Week to grasp it. . ■, 3 This same freshman was required to take a test in the course during Hell Week. He cried when he handed in his paper, not so much from the realization that he had flunked the test as from physical and mental exhaustion. Hell Week is stated as the reason for delinquency of freshmen on several yellow slips, but not in proportion to its actual effect, as many younger instructors are still too closely bound by fraternity ties to disparage the actions of those organizations. The pledges themselves are usually reluctant to tell the instructors the real reason for their poor work. It is such undesirable results of Hell Week that are bringing about its abolition, especially through action of the national chapters. The national organizations are composed of older men, some of whom have sons in college, and these men are going to «ee that their sons are not hindered scholastically by out-dated barbarous customs.—^R. P. M.
AND THEN IT HAS BEEN SAID UNTO ME ... my dear man, what a rap you took in that column of yours yesterday . . • nice girls, these co-eds ... NOW TAKE WHATA WOMAN KUEHN . . . the pride and joy of the Union . . . she think that she be smart . . . she ask two men .... take her big dance last night . . . she want play safe . . .• the men . . . GLEN MARTIN and JOHNNY VAN NATTA . . . didn’t co-ordinate . . . they pull walk-out last minute ... you no can win no how, DOTTY. The rest of the column will be the composition of the TIPPLING TEETOTALERS . . . they’re back again—see how you like ’em . . . Such stuff: No Doit, No Nothin . Wotta Life We here by the paper all the news ’ats goin’ ’round. Straight Stuff—Anyone desiring dates with Jeff High’s best, Call 75582 and ask for NORM GAMSO .... the gals are classified as to age height, weight, and UMMMmmmm Paid Ad—J. C. Bergsma. TRIPLE FLASH—TOM SHEETS was fixed up last P. M. with our adorable Dean DOROTHY STRATTON Congratulations BIG SHOT' The Kingfish of yesterday’s column BOB WILLIAMSON . . . says he don’t see how he’s a fish ’cause SHE REALLY loves him . . . Still Lost—WAIT’S Pantz. . . . Quoting from Tuesday’s Indianapolis Times, Page 6, Part 1, “Celebrating the five cent an hour raise which went into effect yesterday, the 300 hundred employees of the Craig Underwear Factory are holding a picnic and a d^nce at the Riverside Park Pavilion in Spencer, Indiana Music for the occasion will be furnished by DON BESTOR’S Orchestra “Gals, we think you’re d ^n lenient only asking for a
Edward- Wallis Simpson Affair Did Not Inspire Film, Say Producers Hollywood, Apiil 9 — Anybody around Warner Brothers’ studio will tell you it was all a mistake. Merely coincidence. Amazing, yes, but just one of those things that give Hollywood’s film moguls gray hairs. Of course, “The King and the Chorus Gill”, does deal with an exmonarch’s love for an American lady. Of couise, Ferdinand Gravet does look and talk like the Duke of Windsor But it’s still merely coincidence,
and—
“Really, Mr Hays, we didn’t have the Edward-Wallis Simpson affair in mind at all when we started production. Why, we wouldn’t think of such a thing, Mr Hays!” Such were the frantic denials of the film executives when England’s King and Emperor suddenly quit his job right in the middle of production of Director Mervyn LeRoy’s latest film romance. “But now look here, Mr. Hays,” they added plaintively, “there won’t be any harm m adveitising that it was inspired by the affair, will it’ Czar Puts Foot Down But Moxie Czar Will Hays, whose heart is sometimes described as twice as hard as diamond and 20 degrees below zero, emphatically replied that there would. He wouldn’t permit it. It’s Mr. Gravet’s American debut and its’s remarkable how many scenes there are in which he suggrests Great Britain’s abdicated king. Sometimes you see the reaembhuace in the mouth, again in
Star Resembles Edward VIII.
the eyes, or again in some man
nerism.
The story of “The King and the Chorus Girl,” an original yarn by Groucho Marx and Norma Krasna, written prior to the Simpson case, will open tomorrow at the Mars. Mr. Gravet, as a bored ex-H. R. H falls in love with an American chairmer (Joan Blondell) in the chorus of the Polies Bergere. During a private dinner party in his suite, she finds it necessary to slap him and walk out. Intrigued, the former monarch of all he surveyed decides that here is a girl worth marrying. And so he does. Edward Everett Horton is seen in the role of His Royal Highness’ gentleman-'in-waiting.
three dollar refund.”
FLASH ., “BLIGHTY” PHELPS called up the Beta house Thursday p. m. and got RALPH HOBART on the fone. She says, “How come RALPH, all de guys over at your house know I got your pin?” He says, “I told ’EM.” Anyhow it was not HOBART anyhow. It was two other guys she talked to . . . And then there was the Alpha Chi which was so dumb that she defined a buttress as a female goat.. Colonel BREWER’S understudy, BILL WRIGHT, was seen Thursday evening prattling contentedly on KIENLY’S floor. Inebriation? Integration? .. NO! Seems as though he couldn’t find a chair. Das is Allis I A SPLIT UP .one MARS PASS for BILL STEVENS ... that am an excellent idea . . . the other MARS PASS goes to BETH McCOOL . . . it’s nerve she’s got ... so here it IS . . . they’ll be at the Union desk by noon . .
Wallace Reviews Book For English Club Meeting Miss Frances Wallace reviewed Paul de Kruif’s recent book “Why Keep Them Alive,” for the women's group of the English Club, Thursday evening at the home of Mrs. Paul Sidwell Scott Elledge and Victor Gibbons presented papers to the men’s group which met in the Memorial Union Building faculty lounge, at the same hour.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
ARC SUNDAY - MONDAY Frances Lederer and Ida Lupino in “One Rainy Afternoon” —and— Alice Faye and Adolph Menjou in “Sing Baby Sing” —Also— “Mickey Mouse Cartoon”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Roamin’ Wild”
‘Smartest Girl in Town’
‘Undersea Kingdom”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
^ ^ 1837 by Bolted Fcatwe Syndicate
“I’d like to take these, but they’re the same ones I brought in to exchange.”
Jordan Entertains Alpha Xi Delta Thursday Evening Members of the Alpha Xi Delta alumnae club were entertained on Thursday evening by Miss Ruth Jordan, Science ’20, at her home. She was assisted by Mrs. George Davis. Plans were made for the founders’ tea and musicale to be
MATINEE TODAY 2:30 TONIGHT 8:30 The Dramatic Event of Many Seasons Taylor Holmes in The Stage Success of the Century 'TOBACCO ROAD' Good Seats Still Available Matinee 55c, 83c, $1.10, $1 65 Eyeninr 83c, $1.10, $1.65, $2.20 Tax Inclnded PHONE 7903 For Reservations Box Office Open at 9:30 A. M.
When a man is bold...anda woman*s lips are willing...who else but the screen’s most thrilling singing sweethearts can brmg you such unforgettable romance ...surpassing "P.ose Marie”and ''Naughty Marietta”... throbbing to the magic of Sigmund Romberg’s finest love songs!
—EXTRA Popeye in “Fm in the Army Now” STARTS TOMORROW LUMA
JOHN BARRYMORE HERMAN BING • TOM BROWN —LAST DAY— Roland Young in H. G. Wells’ “ The Man Who Could Work Miracles” —and— Ricardo Cortez and Gail Patrick in “Her'Husband Lies”
held at the Athletic Club in Indianapolis on April 18.
To prevent future deaths m coal mine cave-ins, Dr. Helmut Landsberg, assistant professor of geophysics at Pennsylvania State College, has contrived a simplified seismograph to predict otherwise imperceptible movements of the earth long before the crash. =r--r=
HSSBSB c CB9B8
I NEW
A
III
Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed.
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
He was a gambling fool until he met a queen who topped his ace! He didn’t rate much with the officers . . . but he went over big with the general’s daughter . . . crowding a lifetime of love, fun and excitement into less than a day and winning the biggest bet of his life with a queen of hearts!
HOURS! LEAVE
JAMES EiLISON t ERR y WALKER
Midnite Show Sat. 11:30 Preview Showing ot—
It will tug at your heart-strings! A Tender Love Story That Will Stir the Imagination . . . Thrill Your Senses .. . Acted to Perfection by your Favorite Screen Sweethearts
BOY%
" >■ s
Saturday, April 10,1937
» 'l "5-1" , - rri. Ort ^ 5^-e
THE PUBDtJE EXPONENt
• 4
Purdue And Wisconsin Win In SpringPracticeTournament
With the referee’s whistle, the last quarter of the Purdue-North-western practice game went into full swing, despite the frost in the air. Both teams settled down on their haunches for some tough scrimmage work. Cody Isbell’s pass to Nesbitt gave the 200 or so fans a real thrill, as the latter plowed away for a 16 yard gain for Northwestern. There were plenty of signs of smart, fast playing on both teams as the boys dug in for every yard. Outstanding Players Among the outstanding players on the Purdue team during all four quarters was Jimmy Welch, playing right half. After intercepting Cody’s lateral, he took the ball for a ten-yard ride up the field. A real pretty play was Jim’s completed pass to Zachary which sent the Boiliermakers ahead 30 yards. All in all, with the 18 points he scored m the four quarters, Welch made a pretty good showing on the field. One of the most spectacular plays of the game was Gene Britt’s endaround play, sending ihe Boilermakers around left end for a total of 30
Family SUN.—MON. luwwr »»!•§$? iT i 60T IT'S A Ui?
THB WORLD'S ■ ^funniest COMICS »i.hJACK BENNY MARTHA RAYE GEORGE BURNS GRACIE ALLEN MARY BOLAND M^sha HiiNT Elfiannrfi WHITNFY
—LAST DAY— Johnn> Mack Brown in “Lawless Land” —and— .Jean Muir in ‘Her Husband’s Secretary’
yards. Zachary put the ball over for a touchdown in the last few seconds of play; Pranks made the conversion good for the Black and Gold. As the whistle blew ending the last quarter, the score stood Purdue 31, Northwestern 6, a good omen. Spectacular Run Wisconsin received the kick-off in the second game and the other half of the Isbells, Cecil, dug his cleats in for a good 20 yard run-baCk. With Brock and DeWitte doing some splendid broken field running and Cecil making the conversions good, the Wisconsin team had little trouble in scoring two touchdowns. With Cecil’s pass to Brock and the latter’s spectacular running, he went over for two touchdowns. DeWitte showed the fans some fast and clever running as he neatly tucked the ball away for a 30 yard trip around left end for a touchdown. The Badgers pulled out the winners over the Ohio gang to the tune of 56-7.
BASEBALL
MONDAY—APRIL 12 Diamond 1— Theta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 2— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Sigma Nu. 3— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 4— Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 5— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 6— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa 8— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Chi 9— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 10—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
'General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Guy Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry
i
ielder’s.... ....choice
.—By Bob Walpole.— Expect a slander suit to follow yesterday’s issue ... one of the Eds called our very able stooge. Bill Fifield, a member of the co-ed staff ... must be a slip somewhere, ’cause Bill is a Junior Sports Editor . . . —^fc— Football IS in the air, for the week °nd at least. . coaches upon coaches have gathered for the Purdue Football Clinic . . . —fc— Concentrated outdoor track practice has been in effect all during the past week in preparation for the initial spring meet two weeks from tod(ay . . . Coach Martin, if every thing pans out O. K., will send a larger delegation than usual to the Drake Relays . . . —fc— , Nippy weather is still prevalent which adds little to baseball practice . . . however, Dutch Fehring’s nihe is still going strong . . . the choice for starting pitcher for the Wabash game at Crawfordsville on 'Tuesday, seems to have narrowed itself down to either Bob Rosser or Arnold Bredewater , . .Arnold will not be caught by his twin brother. Art, fbr a while at least ... on the southern trip the catcher member of the family split his hand open in catching a pitched ball —fc— All these threats that major league ball players make about retirement for a year, to grow peanuts on their southern farm, end just as the great Dizzy’s proclamation . , . Paul Waner finally signed to bring the list of hold-outs just about to a close . . .
Forty Freshmen Fence For Medals Frosh fencers will show their wares next week as they go into a round-robin tournament to try for their numerals and a berth on next year’s team. About forty of the first year men will make up the competition which will be separated into four groups, each group sending their three highest men to the finals. Out of these 12 aspirants, ten of them will receive their cherished “40’”s. Medals As an added reward. Silver Mask fencing organization, will award medals to the ones who finish one, two, three. All prospective candidates should get in contact with Scott McWilliams, S. A. E., varsitv co-captain.
CHILDREN'S CLASSES ORGANIZED BALLET AND TAP DANCING Enroll Sat., April 10th Indiana’s Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
coft cw HO KEEP AIV^VE ON THE BX-KIIW! The royal robes were tails and a top-hat, his scepter a champagne glass, his crest. ., two hearts entwined! It’s the coming-out party for Europe’s most popular screen star. His Royal Hi-de-Highness.. < FERNAND
HCARI 'for Yoo', 'Oo A* Rut 0* U P*bf
GRAVE WARNER BROS, present a new star in a new type of picture by a new producer, THe KlNQ and! ^tke itoRus qua JOAN BLONDELL Edw. Everett HORT ON ALAN MOWBRAY-MARY NASH •JANE WYMAN*KENNY BAKER«LUIS ALBERNI A MERVYN lEROY PRODUaiON A Womar Broi NcCiir* •Scmbii play by Nqrmon Kratna ond OraiMba ^•ni * Mask and lyfk* by Wmimh t. and fad KaoblBr
gone* rcfgnnononr.no more—rntJ she's the Mwoa why!
•t,
A A HAAI STARTS fcJAM TOMORROW
—EXTRA— OUR GANG comedy Silly Sympiiony Cartoon in Color
Batsmen Show Form On Trip By A. I. Traub Back from a victorious tnp into the Southland on wfiich the University’s baseball team won four out of their six encounters, it has only recently occurred to us how really well the squad made out. All former records were smashed by “Dutch” Fehring’s boys as they marched triumphantly through the south. University fans can look forward to a bigger and better season for their favorites of the diamond. High Averages As a forecast of coming events, take the batting results of the team during their training season. Eight members of the squad broke into the select ,300 class. The official averages for these men were as follows: Robert Rosser, 2 hits out of 4 times at bat, for a .600 average; Richard Ainslie, 1 hit out of 2 times at bat, for another .600; James Lyboult, 1 hit out of 2 times at bat, for the last .500 average; Thomas Bresling, 9 hits out of 24 times at bat, for a swell average of .376; John Baker, 4 hits in 11 times at bat, for a .364; Arnold Bredewater, 2 hits in 6 times at bat, for a .333; Carol Mangas, 1 hit out of 3 times at bat for the last of the .333 averages; and Joseph Waling, with 5 hits m 16 times at bat for a good .312. As can easily be seen, “Dutch’s cracksmen” are just raring for Big Ten competition, and the wearers of the Old Gold and Black are going to be plenty hard to stop this spring. Fehring Busy It IS altogether fitting and proper at this time to mention the coach of this swell little ball team, Dutch Fehring Only 24 years of age, Fehring in addition to his duties as head baseball coach, is assistant varsity football coach, and head freshman basketball coach. A great achievement for a great guy. There has been one thing troubling the members of the coaching staff since the season began and that IS a battery of identical twins. The Bredewater twins from Greensburg, one a pitcher, and the other a catcher, are the nightly puzzle of the entire team until they pick up their gloves. By means of deduction the squad finally worked it out that Arthur is the catcher and Arnold the pitcher, but the names don’t mean a thing until the boys take their positions, as they are alike as two peas in a pod.
wrnammSmmm
Baseball Schedule a April 13—Purdue at Wabash. April 14—^Wabash at Purdue. April 22—^Wabash at Purdue. April 24—Purdue at Chicago. April 26—Purdue at Butler. April 27—Notre Dame at Purdue. April 30—Indiana at Purdue. May 1—Indiana at Purdue. May 6—Purdue at Hlinois. May 7—Chicago at Purdue, May 10— Louisiana Tech at Purdue May 11—Louismna Tech at Purdue May 14—Michigan at Purdue. May 15—Purdue at Notre Dame. May 18—^Illinois at Purdue. May 19—^Purdue at Wabash. ^ May 21—^Purdue at Indiana. May 22—Purdue at Indiana. May 24—Ohio State at Purdue. May 27—^Purdue at Minnesota. May 28—^Purdue at Miimesota.
Jimmy Thomson, who can drive a golf ball farther than any other person, was eliminated from the ’Frisco open because he couldn’t putt SIX feet.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB 822-24 Main
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflSce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
ARE YOU GETTING AN exponent?
I-M Mass Horseshoe Tournament Begins Another intramural sports event which is hot^on the fire at the present time IS the mass horseshoe program. This is to be run off independently by each fraternity and the results handed in as soon as possible. In fact, the first Greek organization to hand in its completed record will receive five extra participation points. All members and pledges of the house must enter into the competition which has to be finished by April 24, The games can be played on the University courts and shoes can be obtained from the intramural department. If the completed record is handed in by the specified date, the winner Of the separate tournaments will be given a gold medal.
Illinois Prepares For Boilermaker Bciwling Invasion Out to repeat the defeat of the Illini pinmen scored earlier this season. Boilermaker bowlers will invade Champaign, Illinois today. Three different sets of teams will provide the play, there being faculty. boys’ and girls’ teams. Those making up the female part of the contingent will be Margaret Richey, Margorie Sundvahl, Lois Mills, Louise BUin, Marian Long, and Bernadine Barnes. Boys’ Squad Composing the boys’ squad will be Fred Burnside, Wayne White, Paul Eckstein, James Esterline, and Paul Plapp. On the faculty combine Jerry Seaton, Jack Wilber, Jack Frost, Ben Pettey, and Ralph Stuckey will see action. Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Vallely and Helen Hazelton will go along as
Baseball Seasoii Opens Monday In Creek Bush League Having broken in their baseball mitts and polished up their ftddmg: form in a week's preliminary schedule of warm-up tilts, the Greek bush league will start in with active competition this Monday, April 12. Two different divisions will make up the first rounds before the finals with the fraternity teams being sifted into the divisions on the basis of last year’s performance. Eight of the weaker teams will form the first contingent which will send two squads to the finals and the other group will be made up of the stronger combines and will furnish six teams for the finals. On the overage, about two games a week will be the quota for each Greek team if the weather stays favorable. Last Year’s Champ Last year the Sigma Chi's sailed through their competition without losing a game and clinched the title after downing the S. A. E.’s in a fast and furious battle which ended 8-2. I
chaperons and five of the Union board urill also accompany the keglers on their westward trek. 'They will be Ruth Grimm, Dorothy Euehn Mary Mytinger, Jim Shoemaker, and Harry Pforzheimer.
A typewriter that tsrpes names on golf balls has been invented.
For Limited Time Only ONE 8xt0 PORTRAIT PHOTO 25c For lowest prices and guaranteed work see A. JACOBSON 709 MAIN ST. UPSTAIRS Lafayette
COLOR IN SPORT SHOES
$098
You'll find a fine selection of Patterns BLUES—GREYS—BROWNS—WHITE Budget Shoe Department Downstairs LOEB & HENE CO.
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Don’t put your winter clothes away before having them cleaned. Moths thrive on dirt, and we remove the dirt. We send the clothes back to you perfectly clean and thoroughly sterilized. In moth proof bags if desired. Phone 3085 American Laundry
f ’P&IP6 Four
THE FORDDE exponent
Saturday. April 1,0, 1&37
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F EbershofF, 606 Main street Phone 2779
Metal Type Table—Poitable vie tiola Monaich typewntei Tuxedo suits, size 40 Mooie’s Colonial Maiket, 220 Noith Fifth street
Co-eds At University Represent 24 States; Eds Have Choice Of Accents
NOTICES No noticos accoptod after 8 p. m. \ Aencultural Engineering Conditions—Ex aminations, for removal of conditions m A E 22 for surveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Build ing at 1 o clock April 10 Applications must Le made in same building before spring —SPENCEK
Physics lb—A condition examination will le given April 10 at 1 p m in room 2 of ,he Physics Build,^ -SHEKMAN Farm Management Conditions—^Examina tions for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 “ —MAUCH General Chemistry Conditions—Examina tions for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and t will be held in room 101 of the Education Ifailding at 1 p m April 10 Applications tnust be made at the freshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7 _^lLEN HASS TEST Scrivener Club—Important editorial meet ing April 11 at 2 30 in the Scrivener office —BROCK
Reamer Club—Meeting Apiil 12 at 8 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of Purdue Memorial Un ion All actives and pledges are urged to be present —BUXTON Scabbard and Blade—Pledges report to Aimory at 6 p m Apiil 10 —BUENTING
Purdue Lutheran Students Club'—Meet April 11 at 7 30 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building All member^ please be present —MAAHS
Graduate Students—The graduate forum meets on April 11 at 6 30 p m at the Wes ley Foundation House Dr J C Burkle will discuss Socialized Medicine ‘ —HOW
Glider Club—Work and flying sessions at 1pm April 10 Meet in Tow Car Garage —WILTSHIRE
Purdue Student Alliance—Meeting April 12 at 7 30 p m in room B of the Union Question and answer period will be held The public is invited —BUCKLES
Christian Science Organization—-Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Memo rial Union Building at 15 p m April lOll* —WINTER
PEW Horseback Riding—The follow ing girls are to lepoit to the Women s Gym
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Boys, do any of you have a longsuffeied weakness for a “sho’ nuff” South'n gal, or is youi secret ambition the desne to shatter the icy bairieis of a leseived Eastern miss ’ Perhaps you'd jJrefer a Western peach (not hot-house plant—and giown out-of-doors, of course) or maybe a Noithein damsel, say a snow queen If you even dare be fussy about the femmes in these 48 states, theie is a bonny lassie fiom Toionto, Canada, and another captivating dancei fiom the Canal Zone It IS doubtful whethei any or many students lealize that the girls at this univeisity hail from 23 dif feient states not including Indiana In fact, 143 of the 930 women stu dents registeied in the fall of 1936 are fiom out of state Illinois sends the laigest numbei, a total of 60, Ohio contiibutes 27, while distant New Yoik state surpiised the statistic takeis with 10 The exorbitant fees and tuition in many eastern schools makes attendance almost piohibitive for some, the tianspor tation expense and out of state tui tion for this univeisity appears menial in contiast Eight Badgers There are eight co eds from the Badger state, 6 from Michigan and Pennsylvania each, four from Ken tucky, and three from Colorado Washington, D C lends distinction to our campus by claiming two of the young women students. West Virginia, New Jersey, and Iowa are also doubly represented A single representative is sent from the faroff states of Arkansas, Connecticut, Florida, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Wyoming So instead of yearning for “the old folks at home” (or the young folks, in this case), Ladies and Gentlemen of the Boilermaker crew, dig out your student directories and go to work (and to town) You would be surprised how many young couples there are on our campus this spring, who are natives of the same state but who didn’t know it until “meeting up” at Purdue
Club Notes
Mrs R E Smith, Mrs M L Thompson, and Mrs E E Van Lone will be hostesses for the Edgewood Club when it meets m Duncan Memorial Hall next Monday afternoon Topics will be presented for discussion
The Lafayette Reading Club will hold a meeting at the home of Mrs Henry Abbett, 421 Robinson street, next Wednesday afternoon at 2 30 “The Nine Old Men”, a recent book by Pearson Allen, will be reviewed by Mrs J C Bottum
AFTER THE SHOW Hamburgers and Chile Manhattan Sandwich Shop Across from the Lahr House
Phi Lambda Upsilon Initiation April 14 at 30 in room 320 of Chemistry Building —WERNER P I A —Tea dance for P I A members April 10 from 4 to 6 p m in the ballroom of the Union Only one membership card is necessary for each couple —SCHLUNDT
‘Deac” carries a full line of Harry C. Lee famous slotted-throat tennis rackets.
Tennis Players Li ke OUR SERVICE
If you, have ideas about how you want your racket strung, here’s the place to come. We do expert work/ quickly and efficiently ... and our low prices are music to everybody’s ears. We also carry a complete line of rackets, balls, and other tennis equipment. Pay us a visit real soon.
H. 6. ^'Deac" REISNER Student Book Supply Store Everything for » College Education
The Home Economics Club will meet at the home of Mrs Carl Aiv idson, 411 Maple street, next Wednesday afternoon The subject dis cussed will be “Posture ”
April 12 at the specified hours At 1 30— Betty Driscoll Joan Edson Blanche Kernel June Stewart Helen Wilson Rubydell Wil son and Silvia Zussin At 2 30—Janet Cal vin Jane Cook Lucile Dobson Mary Jean Jarette Lyda Lyon Elizabeth Pyke and Betty Simpson —HAZELTON Gold Pepper Pledges—-Be at the faculty lounge in thq Union at ^ 45 p m April 11 Important —PARLON W A A Baseball—Final practice April 12 at 4 p m Report at gymnasium before going to field Two practices are lequired for paiticipation in intramural games —TOWNSEND
The next meeting of the Fortnightly Club will be at the residence of Dr and Mrs L A Test J B Cummings has charge of the program which will be on “India ”
Mrs A B Coynei will be hostess for the Round Table Club next Tuesday The program is to be in charge of Mrs W A Ostrander
The Agapai Club will be enter tamed next Monday at the Owen Butchei residence, 146 East Stadium
A social meeting of the Arachne Club is being held this afternoon at the home of Mrs S B Pershing, 829 North Mam street
Edna Tyne Bowles, a contralto from DePauw who is well known thiough the state, will sing at the meeting of the Lafayette Musical Society Tuesday evening at 8 00 m Duncan Memorial Hall Miss Bowles will be accompanied by Edward Shadbolt, pianist and com mentator They will offer operatic monoties sung m English—some thing comparatively new to the mu sical world
Sonja Heme, greatest woman figure skater m the world, is drawing down $100 a minute for her act
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISE DR. ROBERT G. RUE DR. LUTHRR A. RISE 400 Sehnlti Bldg. Phone S701
KEYS Eeya for tranlu, door loelu, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette. Ind
^^UDDEN Service
P
RINTING Office Stationery . , Wedding Invltatlone
PHONE - Sale. Book., Etc ’‘15162 8 CASSEL'S doet-ERRl/
DR. A. M, IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
Darner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION ^ H. G. REISNER
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasiona 26c per passenger any part of tho city 5023 PHONES 3871 YELLOW CAB CO,
Have You Had Your Winter Overcoat Moth-proofed?
All Garments that are Crown Cleaned and Pressed are mothproofed No extra charge for this service
FINE CLEANERS
OUVB SCHATZLBY
Baptist Students—Methodist students Avill meet with Roger Williams Club tomoiiow evening for moving pictures of the Lake Geneva Y M C A Conferences Supper will be served at 6 o’clock F T J Yee will speak to the discussion group At the 7 30 seivice the two churches will hold a union service m the M E Church with the Community Or chestra furnishing the program Baptist students are reminded to sign tomorrow with Dean Wright, Bill Bowman, Leroy Smith, or Olive Schatzley, for the Baptist Student Conference to be held at Indiana next week end
Presbyterian Students—The dis cussion gioup will be conducted by Dr Graves at 9 30 At 10 45 the regular morning service of worship will be held Mr Findley will preach on the subject, “The Distinguishing Characteristic of a Christian ” At
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
6 o’clock, the Student groups from St John’s and from the First Christian Chmch will be guests of the Sunday Evening Club Moving pictures will be shown presenting Lake Geneva and the Student Summer Conference
Methodist Students—The annual joint breakfast of the Freshman Commission and the Wesley Foundation Council will be held at the Foundation House at 8 00 Sunday morning. The Sunday School classes will meet as usual at 9 30—the co-ed
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
THE SHAVING KIDS are prepared to give you the proper grooming for the Prom Red’s Barber Shop 327 State St
FISHING TACKLE All Kinds for Early Spring Fishing Toys and Novelties THE KLEINHANS STORE 16 North Third St Between Columbia & South Sts Lafayette Ind
Five Stores The five Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stoies aie conveniently located 110 Vine Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street 1616 Main Street
class meeting at the Foundation House and the Men’s class meeting at the church The Methodists are joining with the Baptists to see films on Lake Geneva at the time of the regular fellowship hour This meeting will be at the Baptist Church at 6 30 A supper will be served for 10 cents 'Everybody is invited Professor Giaves will speak at the Epworth League service at the church at 6 30 His subject will be “The Power Of Non-Violence ”
“C.” CARTER for New Lawn Mowers Pennsylvania Quality Trade in allowance on old mower Free coupon with each lawnmower sharpening job We Call for and Deliver Phone 2291 State & Main Sta.. W. L.
Gel* Our Prices on Dance Programs
Menus and Fraternity Bulletins Lafayette Printins Co. Phone 7828
TIES25c 48c 65c
Shirts or Shorts 25c T-Shirts 48c French Shorts 25c Anklets sw...... 25c I RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.