e- j«| ‘i}!''l'"
t' \
Purdue
Z-185
Lafayette, Indiana
SATURDAY
Dean Spencer, Chicaqo, Addresses IASS Group
Dean W. H. Spencer, of the Chicago University School of Business, spoke before 100 members of the Indiana Academy of the Social Sciences representing colleges throughout the state, at a banquet last night held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The educators are at the University for the annual spring meeting of the academy. Sessions will continue throughout this morning. Labor Problems Dean Spencer spoke on “A Comparison of the Railroad Labor Act and the Wagner Labor Relatfons Act.” He pointed out the contrast in the intelligent relations that exist between railroad employees and owners, and bitter ones that exist in the big industries. He stated: “There is a great need for the setting up of efficient arbitration machinery in the NLRB. “The Board should be completely divorced from its powers of enforcement of its findings; as in the railroad act this should be left to the courts. The NLRB should be used as a mediation body only.” Discussion Professor Merwyn G. Bridenstine, of Butler University, and president of the Academy, presided at the various sessions which were held throughout the day. At the afternoon period a discussion of the Wagner Labor Relations Act was held. Prof. W. H. iDowney, of Notre Dame University, presented a paper on “Economic Aspects of the NLRB,” and Prof. Ford Hall, Indiana University, discussed “Administiative Aspects.” Discussion leaders were Prof. G. V. Owen of Purdue, and Prof. R. M. Robbins, of Butler University. After the dinner, a smoker and an informal “get together” was held in the Union music room. Sectional meetings will be held today starting at 9:30 a. m. Sections will be as follows: Economics, in rooms 1 and 2; sociology, in room A; political science in room B; and business administration in room C, all in the Union building. A noon luncheon and business session in the Union reception room today will conclude the two-day
WBAA Will Close Campus Variety Programs Today Closing the year’s series of WBAA campus varieties programs, Irvan Maury and Harry McCrady and their orchestras will share the honors of swing on the Fowler Hall ^age this afternoon. Beginning at 3 p. m., the broadcast will" be a review of the shows throughout the year, with the most popular numbers from all of them. A true dramatic skit from the life of Bob Edwards, recent recipient of a Carnegie medal for heroism, will be featured. Bob will play his own part in which he pull& a man who is overcome by gas from a furnace which he had been repairing. The afternoon’s performers will be Pat Heine, Russ Mock, Bennie Burns, Charlie Powell, Marvin Smith, Ervin Underwood, Verne Groge, George Osborne, and the trio, Russ, Bob, and Dick. FACULTY The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 22, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT. President.
ff
Compton Speaks On "Cosmic Rays At Open Meeting
“Illustration of what is done in research” was the theme of Dr. A. H. Conipton, professor at the University of Chicago, in his lecture before the members and new initiates of Sigma Xi last evening in the Electrical Engineering Building. This talk followed the formal initiation of new members of this scientific honorary at a formal dinnet in the ballroom. New members of this honorary are: Victor Anhorn, W. W, Binkley, Julian Dorskey, Cleota G. Fry, R. M. Goldrick, H. J. Hibshman, Vivian A. Johnson, G. K. Miller, F. R. Morral, E. H. Pierson, R. P. Siskind, A. Slesser, and M. S. Webster. Sigma Xi Aims In opening his talk Dr. Compton stated the aim of the society in these words, “Encouragement of research in science and technology.” His first few paragraphs were spiced with amusing anecdotes concerning his inability to explain his subject, “Cosmic Rays.” Illustrating his talk with slides. Dr. Compton related his experiences in the decade of research carried out in various parts of the world. His work carried him from Chicago, his starting point, to the West Coast, thence to Hawaii, the South Seas, Australia, Mexico, and the Arctic Circle. In all these travels the slides showed numerous charts and graphs affecting the measurement of the rays. Henry Picard He related his experiences with Henry Picard in the Chicago World’s Fair ballbon ascension connecting them with an amusing anecdote concerning his wife’s bed clothes which were used to wrap the electrical measuring instruments to protect them from the extreme cold of the stratosphere. He concluded his address with a brief explanation of the film. Dr. Compton, as the chairman explained, recently turned down an offer to become the president of one of the largest universities to remain as professor of physics at Chicago University. He has been actively engaged in cosmic ray research for the last ten years and is a recognized authority on the subject.
T!" i Exponent
May 20, 1939
Vol. 50
Now 187
Indianapolis ’39 Grads Will Meet In Union Tuesday Members of the class of ’39 who are intending to live in Indianapolis after graduation are invited to meet with members of the Indianapolis section of the Purdue Alumni Association Tuesday evening, May 22, at 7:30 in the Reception room of the Union. Plans will be discussed for the organization of a “guidanc committee” for the purpose of assisting graduates, working in Indianapolis, in becoming acclimated. Tentative plans call for committee composed of Henry Steeg, chairman; L. G. Gordner, George Davis, Chet Reynolds, and two women who have not be^iJv^amed as yet. In addition to aiding graduates who are just getting started, the plan is expected to promote interest in alumni affairs. Junior Editors On Purdue Engineer Staff Annonced Eight Streamlined Issues '39-'40 Aim Streamlining the Purdue Engineer for 1939-40, an entirely revised staff will publish the eight issues next year. Editor-in-chief W. J. Harris is going to introduce many new features, including a book review page and more student and staff articles. New Positions Two new poptions have been added to the senior staff; staff editor R. B. Squires will manage the staff and the office and conduct a training course; and advertising manager H. 0. Monson will take charge of the new business campaign. Business manager W. R. Ott, and managing editor W. E. Catterall will turn their attention to the business staff and circulation. They ^re planning to make the business staff a much more effective unit for the promotion of the Engineer. Junior Editors Junior editorships have been cut from six to three, with the new three responsible for making up the issues and supervising routine office work. Their duties will be more important b'6cause there are only half the men to accomplish the same work. G. 0. Gale, E. A. McChntock, and J. C. McElroy have been named junior editors. W. A. Hart, associate editor, is in charge of campus news. His column will contain summaries of the important speeches given before the professional engineering societies.
Illinois Nine Defeats Purdue 1-0; Bailey Grants Six Hits
Alpha Phi Omega Will Fingerprint Students, Faculty Do you have positive proof as to who you are? If you don’t the chance to gain such proof will be yours next week. Alpha Phi Omega, the scout honorary on the campus, will have a booth in the great hall of the Union Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday in which you may have your fingerprints taken. The prints taken will be kept both in the state’s files at Indianapolis, and in the national files at Washington, D. C. There is no expense connected with having these prints taken, and there are absolutely no other ties. The work is being done in an effort to aid the Federal Bureau of Investigation in its drive to obtain the prints of every citizen in the United States. The prints sent to the F. B. I. will in no way be connected with the criminal files already established. They are to be used for identification only. Identification in the form of establishing insurance claims, proving the identity of victims of accidents and of amnesia. The faculty as well as all students are invited to make use of this opportunity. PIA Will Sponsor Tea Dance Today Carrying out the post prom atmosphere, the last PIA tea dance of the year will feature Russ Morgan recordings this afternoon from 3 to 5:30 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Decorations from Prom will still be up, according to the committee in charge. The dance is free to all PIA members and co-eds; to others the price is ten cents. An unlimited stag line will be allowed with cutting between dances only. Coats and ties are required for eds. W.E. Prescott... . . . Eng. ’42, left his residence in Cary Hall, North, Wednesday night, leaving only a note telling his mother “not to worry,” and has not been heard from since, according to reports received from police. A state-wide search has been launched to locate him. Prescott was said to have been worried over his grade, but achieved a 4.6 scholastic index last semester.
Cocky Robbins and His Dixie Land Band...
Boilermakers Drop From First Place As Yeager, Dickittson Get Only Hits
... a distinctive dance orchestra coming direct from the Indiana U. campus, will play for the post-Prom dance
Saturday in the Union ballroom.
Robbins and his band played for twelve weeks at Estes Park, Colorado, last summer. Carrying fourteen members, the band includes many vocal stars. Amotig them are featured songstress Arlene Owens, Bud Swartz, “Trigger” Alpert, and glee club members. Playing in a style similar to Artie Shaw’s, the band is popular for its novelty numbers and original swing compositions. The swing band was originated at Indiana University two years ago by Cocky Robbins and has played at lake resorts throughout Indiana and Michigan. Members of Tommy Dorsey’s band, while vacationing in Estes Park last summer, heard Robbins’ orchestra and pronounced it one of the finest campus units they had ever heard. •
650 Prom Goers Dacne Till Dawn In Southern Setting Jamming the ballroom and cafeteria to capacity, 660 couples danced till dawn in the Union building last night to the melodies of Russ Morgan and Hal Lieber. At exactly 4 a. m., two weary bands and 1,300 wearier people called it a day, and the i!939 Junior Prom became his-
tory.
Southern Hospitality An atmosphere of summer time and good old southern hospitality were produced by the tall white pillars and stately front of a southern mansion, garden walls, illuminated fountain, and the white coats and formals of the dancers, all blending into a background of lakes and mountains. The grand march, led by Prom Queen Caroline Scott and committee chairman Bennie Burns wound around the ballroom at ,12:30 o’clock. At 10:30 a special edition of the Exponent was distributed to Prom goers. WBAA Broadcast. With special permission to be on the air, WBAA broadcast the final two hours of Prom music with commentator Hank Miller dividing his time between the ballroom and the cafeteria. College Caravan Will Present Last Broadcast Today Burlesqueing a year at Purdue, Bennie Burns and Bill Alexander will head the cast for the last College Caravan broadcast of the year over WBAA today from 1:30 to 2
p. m.
The entire show was recorded'last Monday night under the direction of Bill Adams for presentation today, the first time in the history of College Caravan broadcasts. A resume of the year’s programs will supplement the music of Bill Martin and his orchestra and vocalist Jo Friend, the vest pocket venus of song. A mixed chorus composed of Charley Powell, Marvin Smith, Hank Arnt, Jody Paulus, Ilda Irwin, and Jane Caldwell, will sing A1 Stewart’s arrangement of “Heart and Soul” and “Cookoo in the Clock.” Speech Clinic Staff Attends Indiana Voice Corredion Meeting Members of the Purdue Speech Clinic staff and graduate students majoring in speech correction woi'k are attending an all-day meeting of the Indiana Speech Con-ection Association today at Bloomington. The group is headed by Dr. M. D. Steer, head of the Purdue Speech Clinic and president of the Indiana Association. E. K. Jerome of the Speech Clinic staff will read a paper this morning entitled “Diagnosis and Treatment oif Voice Quality Defects.” Dr. Steer will preside kt the afternoon meeting.
By Rolfe Jenkins Exponent Sports Editor Champaign, 111., May 19.—^Wally Roettger’s University of Hlinois baseball team knocked the Boilermakers out of first place in the Big Ten here today, shutting them out 1-0 on two hits and scoring the only run of the game in the first inning. To a minor degree the game was a contest between two sophomore hurlers. Bob Bailey and A1 Grant. The latter allowed only four Purdde men to reach first base, and no two of them were on at the same time. While the Boilermakers got only two hits, Bailey held the Hlini to a half dozen, three of which were infield scratches. However, two of the hits came in the first inning, and, followed by a long sacrifice fly, gave the home team its winning margin. ^ ^ Fielders Save Grant Taking nothing away from A1 Grant, who retired the last 19 Boilermaker batsmen to face him, the credit for the Illinois triumph goes to a large extent to the great fielding which the Orange and Blue exhibited. Shortstop Tony Psrrz repeatedly cut off base hits behind second base, whirled, and threw his man out at first. Yeager and Thompson were victims of Pyrz’s snappy shortstopping in the fourth and fifth iimings respectively, and MacMewicz grounded out to him in the sixth and again in the ninth. Pyrz set the Gold and Black down one, two, three in the final inning. Bill Hapac caught two fly balls on the run in right center, and picked Dickinson’s seventh inning line drive off his shoe tops to rob the Boilermaker of what would have been his second hit of the day. Drish and Vitacco also sparkled in the field. First toning Hearne groimded out to open the game, and Dickinson cracked the first Purdue hit to right field. Mackiewicz hit a roller toward first and was thrown out, Conley to Grant, while Dickinson was going clear around to third. However, that was the closest the Boilermakers came to scoring, as Art Bredewater then grounded out to retire the side. Wtih one out in the home half of the first, the Illini pushed across the lone score of the day. Hapac hit to right center and went to third on Drish’s single to left, Drish took second on the throw in. On the next play Capt. Tom McConnell lofted a fly to Yeager in right field, and Hapac scored easily after the catch. Bailey held the Illini to four hits in the remaining seven innings, but walked six men, getting into trouble each time the head of the batting order came up, twice loading tho bases. Each time he pitched his way out. Yeager Wastes Hit Yeager started the second inning in promising fashion with a clean single to center, but Grant picked him off first base. Smithson then walked, but died at first. When Cavallo juggled Dickinson’s grounder in the third inning it was the last time a Purdue man touched first base. Grant went on from there to complete seven hitless innings and set down 19, Boilermakers in a row, the last six of whom were retired at first on grounders. Drish got three of the six hits off Bailey, two of them being infield scratches. Each pitcher struck out three m,en. In the seventh inning the Boilermakers executed the only doublet play of the game when, with the bases loaded, Ziemba gi*ounded to Smithson, who threw home to force out the runner on third, and then returned to the bag to take the throw (Continued on page 3>'4
f
£dibfuaL
THE FDBDtIE EXPONENT
J^UHiWUUL
Saturd(sy« May 20# 1939
Amlia Earhart...
is well remembered in the hearts of many Purdue men and women. It was on July 2, 1937, that Amelia’s plane went down somewhere near tiny Howland Island, scheduled stop between Lae, New Guinea, and Honolulu, while navigating her “flying laboratory.” July 2, 1937, and then . . . the great Silence. Amelia Earhart was consultant on careers for women at Purdue while she was on her ill-fated trip around the world. She took a real interest in the University, and became personally acquainted with many faculty members and students. Part of her work was financed by the Purdue Research Foundation. Today Amelia comes again to the University, this time in the form of a full-length oil painting. The portrait was presented to Purdue by her husband, George Palmer Putnam, of Hollywood, Calif., and was unveiled Wednesday by President Elliott in the Women’s Residence Hall following a commemoratory dinner. The painting of the famed axiatrix in her flying togs was done by Strandenaes, a talented Norwegian portrait painter. He produced the picture in 1928, following Miss Earhart’s solo flight across the Atlantic ocean. The flyer lived at the Hall on her trips to the campus when she conferred with Purdue girls on their future careers or was looking after her “flying laboratory.” July 2,1937 ... almost two years ago. But, no, Amelia, the campus has not yet forgotten.
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at tbe post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mardi 8, 1879, and at the special rate of i>ostage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academie year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chlef W. E. Smith - Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager R. Jenkins ^ - Sports Editor G. Schilling Co-ed Editor Junior Staff Editorial Business Sports „ „ „ _ — , J. P. Dolan S- §• S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hall m. M. Richards D, K. Heiple A. Hite Co-^ J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer 11# Burtafleld M.L.MierB T. Petty « J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. g' gimpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director PHONES Editorial Sports Business 4005 Z792 5038
RBPRB8SNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING! BY National Xiivertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ' BOSTOn ' Los ASSSLES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, editeA and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universl^. All (pinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. '
Night Editor—DeHoog Issue Editor—^Traugott Saturday, May 20, 1939
We approve the proposed change from street cars to buses made by the Lafayette Street Railway Company, especially if the five-cent fare can be retained. But we wonder just what will happen to the wondering
DoksLolihsL WBAA Censorship? Dear Sir; Why hasn’t someone stuck a pin into WBAA’s posterior before this ? Their censorship of programs is utterly ridiculous. Harry McCrady and his band wanted to play the popular “Tain’t What You Do, It^ the Way That ’Cha Do It” Saturday Campus Variej^ program but will not be a^wed to do so as the words ^e'^“too suggestive!” Their ban on swinging the classics is silly enough, but this is too much. What say we have a super “purity” campaign on the campus and jail everyone who whistles “Sea-food, Mama,” too? Is WBAA afraid that our noble body of clean-minded, innocent eds and co-eds would be shocked by this slight allusion to a vice, to-wit, viz., i.e., “Tain’t What You Do, It’s the Way That ’Cha Do It?” , Robert B. Reed, ME ’41. Editorial Director’s Note: WBAA officials say they do not bar any specific song, but rather insist that certain types of music be barred from WBAA programs. Perhaps when they banned this song they were considering that WBAA in itself represents Purdue University to a mumber of rural listeners. Same rules apply to Luncheon Dance Time that apply to Campus Caravan. WHA, at the University of Wisconsin, plays no popular music whatsoever ... so things could be worse! Roger Williams Club To Picnic Tomorfow The Roger Williams Discussion Group will hold an outdoor meeting in Happy Hollow Sunday, May 21. Refreshments will consist of roasted wieners and marshmallows. The group is to meet at the church on the comer of Columbia and North Main at 5:30. In case of inclement weather, the meeting will be held in the church. This is the last meeting of the year and everyone is invited. Dr. M. D. Steer... . . . director of the University Speech Clinic, will talk on “The Science of Speech” at the Physics seminar Tuesday, May 23, at 7:30 p. m. in the large lecture room of the Physics Building. Research work in speech now being done at the University will be explained. The public is invited to attend the lecture.
tomorrow 4n the / uf*ckeS
J
PRESBYTERIAN CONGREGATIONAL Central P/esbyterian, Lafayette 9:30—Discussion Group. Speaker, Proff E. H. Parfitt. Subject, “Science and the Good Life.” 10^45—Morning Worship. Serby Dr. W. R. Graham. Music 3y the choir, directed by Mr. A. P. Stewart. 3:00 — Presbyterian, Congregational, and Episcopal students will meet at Westminster House and go to Camp Tecumseh for their annual outing and fellowship meeting. ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL 8:00—Holy Communion. Bishop Kirchhoffer celebrant. Breakfast in Parish House for students following this service. 10:45—Confirmation Service. Sermon by Bishop Kirchhoffer. 3:00—Episcopal, Congregational and Presbyterian students will meet at Westminster House and go to Camp Tecumseh for their annual outing and fellowship meeting. WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST ' 9:30—Class. T. K. Noss, teacher, 10:35—William H. Cummings, Purdue graduate in Ag Chemistry, now of Pyinmana, Burma, will speak at this hour. 5:30—Meet at the church. If weather permits there will be an out door supper and meeting at Happy Hollow. This will be the last meeting of the Discussion Group for this season.
LAST DAY
Maureen Henry Ralph O’SUUmN-FONDA-BELUMY
STARTS TOMORROW
' ' Cecil B. DeMine's UNION PACIFIC Barbara Stanwyck - Joel McCrea •fiih AMm TamirBff' Rfbert freslin •iynnip Owrttian: •rim Pfiilevy* friAucM an|( DIrecttil-by Cei?iri- OcMiljp - \
ARC
LAST DAY
_ WITH — THE GLEASONS — and —
WORSTED lJUSTICEi
— with — TOM TYLER —-alto—FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS SERIAL
SUNDAY-MONDAY JUST AROUND THE CORNER ALGIERS SHORT SUBJECTS
K
student who now gets home on Saturday night by “following the street car tracks across the levee.”
Saturday reflection . . . Prom comes but once a year... thank goodness.
METHODIST CHURCH 8:00—Council Breakfast. 8:30—Leave by car for the annual Council Retreat at Battle
Ground.
9:30 — Sunday School. Co-eds taught by Julia Peek. 10:40—Dr. Steele will preach on “The Christian Dynamic.” 5:30 — Fellowship Supper in charge of Harold McCutcheon. 6:30—Epworth League. Senior talks on “Christianity in My Pro-
fession.”
Zouaves End Year’s Activities; Re-elect Hurst President The Purdue Order of Zouaves concluded their year’s activities Monday with the election of officers for the coming year. Cadet Second Lieutenant F. H. Hurst was reelected captain for another year. Hm'st’s extensive military experience has made it possible for him to lead the Zouaves through a very successful season. Cadet Second Lieutenant R. W. Huffman, who held the position of second lieutenant this year, was advanced to first lieutenant and will assist Hurst in the training of new men. W. A. Ward was awarded the position of supply officer with the rank of second lieutenant. J, W. Hudson was made first sergeant. The latter two officers have just completed their first year as members of the Zouaves.
Mai a MIDNITE PREVUE TONIGHT 11:30 THE Plm CHINESE DETECTIVE SENSATION!
BORMS
'We OP
-r-TODAY— SALLY EILERS — In — They Made Her a Spy — PLUS — Almost a Gentleman
GRIN AND BEAR IT
B^Lichw
IT HAS ... . . . always been my one joy to watch the beautiful imports walk gaily down the hall, escorted by their handsome, smiling, and proud Joes. Last night proved very fruit-, ful.. . Prom beauty Caroline Scott takes the pride. I can sMely say she was the queen^f^them all. Don’t you think ste^eckard? —B & B— WHAT DO . . . . . . imports talk about when they get home ? Do they rave about the campus, the orchestra, the college eds, or even the Prom? I’m just curious. —B & B— Observations in the Library . i . Purdue Co-ed—walks briskly into the library reading room, sits down with girl friend, remarks about heavy assignment, spreads enormous stack of text books about her, remarks that she must make a 100 in coming test, turns page, notices good looking boy, follows him with eyes, turns unread page, decides her pencil needs sharpening, changes text books, changes back, asks her friend to sharpen her pencil, goes to sharpen it herself, on returning she remarks about a “cute” something or other she saw, says she must study, turns page after reading topic headings, sighs, smiles foolishly at boy across from her, goes to magazine rack, brings back Vogue, remarks: “cute dresses,” “darling houses,” “cute this,” and “heavenly that,” sees only pretty ads, takes magazine back, brings another, whispers louder than before that the “darling” things she sees—AND I AM SUPPOSED TO BE STUDYING GOVERNMENT!—M. J. T. —B & B— MAYBE IT’S . . . . . . the heat, and maybe it’s a bet. A bunch of Delta Tau’s were seen riding on top of Bob McGhee’s flivver. They were seated on a couch balanced precariously on the roof. Maybe it’s the heat, and then again. —B & B— DAFFYNITIONS . . . Think up a good daffynition for love, professor, co-ed, finals, college, and money. You can always find time during lecture periods. Drop them in the Exponent box at the
H<)/ '< ‘'i,
“Where’s Buskin? His office looks like it ain’t been slept in for some time!”
west desk of the Union. The best
Ohio Wesleyan’s first co-ed never
daffynition of any one of these will spoke in class during her under-
rate the writer’s name under it. Here is an example: Job: What you must have the patience of to get a. John Jones, ME ’44.
Rhode Island Hall of Brown University was one of the first college buildings in the country used for the teaching of science.
graduate career. The University of Denver has acquired a book on accounting printed in 1494.
J\\ the N&W
bWER? ryaugkmJs JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
LUNA
LAST DAY
GEORGE MURPHY — in ^— “RISKY BUSINESS" — AND — 3 MESQUITEERS — in — ’Call the Mesquiteers'
SUNDAY-MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE ELEANOR POWELL BURNS - ALLEN ROBERT YOUNG — in — "HONOLULU" — PLUS — w'ALTER ABEL BEVERLY ROBERTS — in — "FIRST OFFENDERS" — IT'S FIRST RUN —
TODAY
ONLY
4 STAGE SHOWS AT 2:30 - 5:00 - 7:30 - 10:00 Last Complete Show at 10:00
- ON OUR STAGE -
NOTICE
DOORS OPEN AT 12:30
Due to the immense size of this production we are forced to delay opening of theatre for one hour. Not since the famous Marcus Show has Lafayette been privileged to see such an outstanding presentation
STARTS TOMORROW DEANNE DURBIN -inthree SMART GIRLS GROWN UP"
OntScfieeMe^
Two Camera Daredevils on the Loose RIP-ROARING ACTION! PLENTY OF LAUGHS! RED BLOODED THRILLS! 'XHASING^DANGER"
— with —
Preston Foster-Lynn Bari-Wally VernonSaturday. May 20. 1939
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
I
0fi
rK-
Ann Arbor, Michigan.—^(Special) —Qualifying four men in the finals of the Big Ten outdoor championships yesterday, Purdue’s track squad continued its blazing trail through the track world that began with last week’s Cotton Carnival victory. A fifth entry, Ed Holderman, automatically entered the finals as his event, the mile run, has no semi-final eliminations. The four qualifiers. Forest Weber, in the shot put, Steve Guttifig in both the 120 yard high hurdles and the 220 yard low hurdles, “Red” Shackleton in the 440 yard dash, and Art Bodeau in the 'half mile, qualified in the five track events that have sterling performers competing from all the Big Ten universities. Starting the qualifying rounds with a Riveter victory, Steve Gutting poured bn a 14.4 time in the high hurdles, to tiS with Elmer Gedeon, Michigan’s ace. Gedeon won the outdoor event last year in 14.4, five-tenths of a second mote than the Big Ten record, but Gutting is expected to lower the qualifying round time in his battle with Gedeon in the finals. Gutting also qualified in the 220 low hurdles, following in the footsteps of Robei’t Lemen, last year’s Purdue track star, who won his event in :23.6. The Big Ten record, set by Jesse Owens in 1935, is 22.6. Forest Weber, who has improved greatly since his Illinois meet rec-ord-breaking toss of 48 feet % inch, qualified after William Watson, Michigan shot putter, threw the shot 52 feet 6 inches to make the best distance in the preliminaries. Watson won his event last year with a 52 feet, 11% inch fling. “Red” Shackleton was the lone man of the Boilermaker quartet of quarter milers to qualify. Fisher, Simmons and Luther were unable to attain the time necessary to enter the finals. Present title holder is
Harley Howells of Ohio State, who won his event in :48 flat last year. Shacklbton won his Cottpn Carnival event in 50 seconds flat on a slow track. Despite his spiked foot, an injury sustained at the Carnivals,, Art Bodeau defeated the Cream of the Big Ten half mile field and won his right to enter the finals to defend his indoor half mile title which he won at the Big Ten indoor meet this winter. Outdoor winner, Charley Fenske, of Wisconsin, has graduated and Bodeau, who ran second to Fenske last year, is the outstanding favorite in the race. Last year’s winner won in 1:52.9 time, one-tenth of a second faster than Bodeau’s best time in practice and dual meets. . f ( Ed Holderman, who automatically enters his event, won the mile in 4:16.9 at Memphis last Saturday, after winning fourth place in the Big Teh indoor meet at Chicago this winter. Although Charley Fenske, last year’s victor, isn’t racing, both Mel Trutt of Indiana and Walter Mehl, Wisconsin senior, are the threats towards Holderman in his attempt towards victory in his first Big Ten meet ace. Both Mehl and Thutt have broken 4:14 in past years while Mehl won the indoors mile in 4:16.3.
1,3 In
le
In a close-set game. Kappa Kappa Gamma nosed out Wards 1 and 3 yesterday by a score of 7 to 4. The game was the final one in the WAA intramural baseball tournament held this spring. Both teams are now tied for championship of the tourney. Possibilities of a playoff for the winner will be decided at a later date.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
An athletic pot-pourri of figures and facts for you today, my dear “readers.” —^fc— Felix Mackiewicz, Boilermaker third baseman and leading batter of the local ^outfit, boosted his Mtting average from .273 to .304 in the recent Ohio State-Boilermaker baseball double header . . . Up to date, Mack has collected 21 hits from 69 times at the plate, received seven walks, whiffed out five times. —^fc— Boilermaker slab ace. Bob Bailey, has pitched 51% innings since he has been laboring for Coach Dutch Fehring . . . The sophomore has allowed 12 earned runs, 30 hits, 20 bases on balls, struck out 43 . . . He has compiled a pitching average of .671, winning four games and losing three. —-fc— Since its participation in Western Conference competition, the Boilermaker track squad has never garnered a Big Ten track crown ... Michigan has won that honor 16 times, with Illinois following close behind, taking the blue ribbon on 12 occasions. —^fc—■ Jesse Owens, former Ohio State track star, at the present time holds four world, American, Big Ten, and collegiate records, respectiyely . . . Included in his repertoire of marks are the 100-yard dash, 220-yard dash, broad jump, and the 220-yard low hurdles . . . Recently Owens filed papers in court stating his bankruptcy after a short career in the laundry business. —fc— The oldest records in Western Conference track competition were made in 1916 by Binga Dismond, of Chicago, and Arlie Mucks, of Wisconsin . . . Dismond toured the quarter-mile at Northwestern in :47.4, the closest time to Dismond’s mark being made by Indiana’s Ivan Fuqua in 1934 . . . Fuqua had a time of 47.8 for the same distance . . . Mucks set a new record of 155 feet, 2 inches at Northwestern in the discus.
Colgate University has a new plan of awards for athletes of minor sports as Well as major sports.
The University of Denver has annoimced special fellowships to train experts in local government finance.
Purdue Golfers Meet Ohio State Here Today Heading for their fourth straight Big Ten victory, Purdue’s linksmen meet Ohio State this afternoon at the West Side golf course. The golfers beat a strong Chicago squad last Monday by a score of 12-6. Led by Capt. John David, the Boilermaker squad including Marshall, Hill, and Hoffer have been improving steadily in their practice rounds under the tutelage of Coach A11 s p a w. David’s par-cracking round of 68 in the Chicago doubles match has been the constant target this week. This match, the next to the last before the Big Ten meet in Chicago on May 28 and 29, will be followed by the golf team’s final match with Illinois Monday, May^ 22. Baseball Bloomington, Ind. — (Special) — Indiana’s baseball team defeated Ohio State’s squad here yesterday by a score of 11-2. Gentil pit^^ed for the Hoosiers while Dagenhard took the credit for the loss for the Buckeyes. Other Big Ten Scores Iowa 1; Northwestern 0. Michigah 8; Minnesota 4. League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE W. L. Pet. St. Louis - 14 9 .609 Cincinnati 15 10 .600 Boston .13 12 .520 Chicago ...r 13 13 .500 Brooklyn ...11 12 .478 New York 12 14 .462 Pittsburgh 11 14 .440 Philadelphia 10 15 .400 AMERICAN LEAGUE W. L. Pet. NewYork..... .19 5 .792 Boston 15 6 .714 Cleveland :....... 13 11 .542 Chicago 14 12 .558 Washington 10 14 .417 Detroit 19 18 .357 Philadelphia 8 16 .348 St. Louis 9 17 .346 AMERICAN ASSOCIATION W. L. Pet. Kansas City 20 10 .667 Minneapolis 18 11 .621 Milwaukee .18 14 .563 St. Paul ............ 16 13 .552 Columbus 15 13 .536 Indianapolis 14 16 .467 Louisville 9 18 .333 Toledo 8 23 .258
MAILED ANYWHERE-ONLY SOjzT
Subscriptions will be taken at Deacs, Southworth’s or Union Desk.
Intramural Musings
By S. D. Marquis Going into the last week of school with finals not far away, most of the intramural competitions will be finished off by next week. Eleven Greek baseball teams began to fight for the fraternity championship this week. The Delta Chi and Alpha Gamma Rho teams have already advanced to the semifinals, while the ATO’s, Beta’s, Phi Kappa Sig’s, Phi Pi Phi’s, and Theta Xi’s are still battling for the third semi-final position. The final gafne will be played on Friday. Ward lOX and Cary Hall 10 are the only teams which have yet advanced to the second round of the ward baseball finals.
Only eight potential marathon swimmers have signed up for the annual River Swim to be held Thursday. The two and a half mile grind seems to have frightened off the supposedly husky Purdue eds. Swimmers will start at Lincoln Lodge and swim down the Wabash to the finish line at the Brown street bridge. Johnny Graham, distance star of the 'Boilermaker varsity. swimming team and two time winner of the swim, isn’t planning to compete this year, so the field is wide open. Boats Are Needed Since a boat will be needed to follow each swimmer, the intramural department requests that any student who can furnish one notify them at once. Fred Richards and Harry Deutman have survived the list of 29 entries in the All-Campus tennis tournament and will meet Thursday in the final and deciding match. Evers, Jervis, and Burnside have completed the preliminary rounds of the All-Campus golf tournament and will play off for the championship next week.
11:00—-Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest ProgTam 12:00—Market Reports. 12:15—^The Woman Shopper. 12:30^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—^College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:15—Greek Letter Parade. 2:45—Paul Punk, pianist. 3 :00—Campus Varieties. STUDENTS The University is fortunate in having several necessary buildings under construction. The contractors are cooperating by making every effort to have these buildings ready for use at an early date. Complaints have been made to this office that students have been interfering with the construction progran^ by climbing the iron works and engaging in other dangerous practices around the buildings now being erected. The contractors have been notified to report to the police all such cases of trespassing. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Riveter Neffers Rained Out At Western Illinois Rained out in their match at Kalamazoo, after three matches and a part of a fourth had been played, Purdue’s netmen were unable to continue their battle against Westeim Illinois State Teachers yesterday. The Boilermakers had traveled to Western Illinois after being defeattd by Michigan at Ann Arbor, Thursday, by a score of six matches to one. In the first match of the Illinois meet, Fuente of Purdue was defeated by Ruehl, Western Illinois star, 6-1, 6-1. Alexander, Riveter ace, put up a good battle against Judd of the home squad but retired from the field beaten by the score
of 6-3, 6-4.
Jim Hebbeler lost the third and last complete singles match to Vandermier of the Teachers team, 6-2, 6-2. Blitz won his first set 6-3 and was tied 5-5 in the second set of the match, but the rain became too heavy at that time and the match was called off.
Illinois Defeats Purdue (Continued from page 1) from Art Bredewater which retired Ziemba. The box score and summary: Score by Innings R H E Purdue 000 000 000—0 2 1 Illinois. 100 000 000—1 6 1 Illinois (1) AB R H E Mazeika, If 3 0 10 Hapac, cf 2 110 Drish, rf 4 0 3 0 McConnell, c 0 0 0 0 Conley, lb 2 0 0 0 *Miller ....: 1 0 0 0 Ziemba, lb 1 0 0 0 Vitacco, 3b : 4 0 10 Pyrz, ss 4 0 0 0 Cavallo, 2b 3 0 0 1 Grant, p 2 0 0 0 26 1 6 1 *Batted for Conley in fifth. Purdue (0) AB R H E Hearne, 2b 4 0 0 0 Dickinson, cf .....1 4 0 10 Mackiewicz,. 3b 4 0 0 0 Bredewater, c 3 0 0 0 Yeager, rf 3 0 10 Stamm, If 3 0 0 0 Smithson, lb 2 0 0 0 Thompson, ss 3 fh 0 0 Bailey, p 3 0 0 1
29 0 2 1 Runs batted in, McConnell. Sacrifices, McConnell, Hapac. Double plays, Smithson to Bredewater to Smithson. Bases on balls, off Bailey (6), Grant (1). Struck out, by Bailey (3), Grant (3). Hit by pitcher, by Bailey (Mazieka). Left on bases, Pu^ue (3), Tlfinois (8). Paid attendance, 1,286. Umpires, Stack and Mattsoon. Time of game, 1 hour and 41 minutes. Kelly Will Speak To
Dr. E. L. Kelly, professor of psychology, will speak at a joint meeting of men and women counselors Tuesday afternoon. May 23, at'd o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Kelly’s, lecture will be on “The Qualifications of a Student Counselor.” This joint meeting will clima^ the separate meetings held by the counselors, who were chosen from sophomore and junior students. They will conta|et freshmen duidng the summer and assist them throughout \ the next year.
SPE RECOI 20
CiAL! (D SALE ^ ea.
McLEAN 514 Main
MUSIC CO. Phone 7917
m
I
I €IsjE
|ST;
^itXtxL (MSu THE PORDUE EXPONENT Entire A Soturdoy, May 20, 1939 «
• *
W!-
Earl Taylor's 'Revue Glorified'
A scene from the season’s gayest musical revue, Earl Taylor’s “Revue Glorified,” coming to the Mars Theatre Saturday, with a cast of 45 singing, dancing musical stars. Not since the famous Marcus Show has Lafayette been privileged to see such a large and outstanding stage presentation. Due to the magnitude of this production the theatre will be forced to delay opening it’s doors for one hour, until 12:30.
Ciassifiecf Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED—Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write to the Purdue Exponent, Circulatjop Department, P. O. Box 225, Lafayette; hnd include your present phone number.
SIX ROOMS—Half of double. Highland Park, 803 Central avenue, east side. Vacant June 1st. Phone P. M. Allen, 2150.
50 NAME CARDS 60c. Kane’s Shop, 401 S. 29th, Phone 6205.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and. portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75.' Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1936 Pontiac coupe in excellent condition. Phone 7791. State and Main, West Lafayette.
Nonces
Exponent Editorial Staff: There will be a meeting of all freshmen, sophomore, junior, and senior members of the sports, co-ed, and editorial staffs in room E of the Union Saturday, May 20, at 1 p, m. —mSLEY.
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the. end of the present semester. —STONE,
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
Union Sophomores: Petitions for vicepresidential positions on Purdue Student Union Board for 1939-40 must be turned in to senior office by 12 p. m, Saturday. May 20. Petition blanks are available in senior Union office. Interview schedule will be posted shortly afterward. —CABONARGI.
Musical Organizations: Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall, how for. department banquet to be held May 25th. —STEWART.
Mikado Cast: Pictures are now available in Miss Mill’s office. All those who desire at the end of the year. —BREUER.
Summer School Students: Students who are planning on attending summer school should secure the necessary forms from the Director of Admissions’ office at once. By filling out these forms and returning them now much time can be saved June 16. (5-26) —DAMMON.
WAA Tennis: These matches must be played by Saturday, May 20: Intramural tournament—Heiser and Harrison vs. Kirkhoff and Pidgeon; McKnight and Reimann vs. Shake and Davison; Ward and Morris vs. Mather and Schilling. —MATHER.
WAA Baseball: Class baseball practices Friday, May 19, and Monday, May 22. One practice is required. —COOK.
Freshman Engineers: Report for lectures Saturday, May 20, at 8 a. m. according to schools chosen for the next year as follows : chemical and metallurgical engineers to lecture room, Michael Golden Shops: civil engineers to C. E. lecture room; electrical engineers to room 264 B. E. Building; mechanical engineers to room 129 E, E. Building; those taking public service engineering or engineering law report to conference room, ground floor. Executive Building. —ICNAPP.
Presbyterian and Episcopal Students: Joint picnic at Tecumseh Camp Sunday, May 20. Meet at 129 Sheets at 3 p. m. —LYLES.
Tau Beta Pi: All members who were initiated last fall hnd who have not received their certificites may get them from me at 162 North Grant (6-21) —DUFFEY. New and Old PIA Board: Bus will leave the east Union door at 9:80 a. in. Sunday, May 21, for Turkey Run. Please be prompt. —HENSHAW,
Univeraity Choir: Important rehearsal and meeting in Fowler Hall studio Tuesday, May 28, at 4 p. m—STEWART.
Delta Rho Kappa: All members please contact me as soon as . possible. (5-23) —HANNAS.
Award Smoker: Freshman livestock judging award smoker will be held Saturday, May 20, at 7:30 p. m. at the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. —BOGUE.
Alpha Phi Omega: All members interested and all pledges who have not completed their two hour service period, please contact me either in person or by phone, 8421, in connection with the fingerprinting project. Please make contact before Monday. (5-24) . —YATES.
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers : Plans are under way for organization of cooperative buying plan. A meeting will be held early next week to sign agreements and make initial deposits. Please do not sign fall buying contracts. See Viehe, Breuer, Houston, or me for further details. (4-25) ' —CATTERALL.
Wesley Foundation: Annual_ Planning Conference at Battle Ground is Sunday, May 21. Leaving Foundation after 8 o’clock breakfast and returning at 2:30 p. m. One car load will leave the Foundation, at 10:15 a. m. All Council members for next year should attend. Cost: 35c. —McFADDEN.
WAA Archery Tournament: Class team tournament will start on Monday, May 22, and will continue until Thursday, May 25. Members wanting WAA points must turn in their score sheets at gym office by Thursday, May 25, at the latest. —MOREHOUSE.
Exponent Will Poll Student's Choice Of Summer Speakers Co-operating with the summer school session office, the Exponent will conduct a poll of student opinion Monday through Saturday of next week to decide summer session convocation speakers. Students will be given the chance to choose a speaker who will be invited to give one of the convocation lectures. No limitations have been set other than President Roosevelt and the British Prime Minister. Suggestions may be dropped in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union or brought into the Exponent office.
Promenader... ... a special Prom edition of the Exponent was distributed to Prom goers at 12:30 o’clock last night following the grand march. The'annual edition contains special feature stories concerning the dance and Prom personalities of the past, present, and future. Copies are pi’iced at 10c and a limited number will be on sale at the Union desk today. They are printed in booklet form with a light blue cardboard cover. Inside pages contain complete information on the Prom, illustrated with numerous cuts. Trio And Ensemble Offer Music Room Program Tomorrow Semi-classical numbers will be presented by a triple-tonguing trio of trumpeteers from the University concert orchestra in the music room Sunday afternoon. May 21, at 4 o’clock. This is to be the last of a series of programs which have been presented throughout the year. This trio and several wind ensembles will emphasize a different type of imusic than has ever beenpresented in the music room. Approximately 4,000 people have attended these Sunday afternoon programs this year. Thais Crepps and John Richai’dson, Union vicepresidents, have been in charge of all the programs.
Mike Murphy Will Lead 11th Air Show All Day Tomorrow Featuring the eleventh annual air show, which will be held tomorrow from 8:30 a. m. to 4:30 p. m. at the University airport, will be Lieut. Mike Mui’phy leading his crew of Murphy Flying Aces through a series of intricate smoke, precision and power maneuvers in addition to appearing in stunt flying and high-power, precision acro.batic acts. An educational highlight of the full-day program will be the model airplane contest during the morning from 8:30 to ll o’clock. Gas-pow-ered and “still scale” models will have separate divisions of competition, with contestants being grouped into age classes. Winners in all divisions will receive either merchandise awards or cash prizes. A total of $100 in prizes will be; given. The program for the entire day. ■ is as follows: 8:30 to 11:30 a. m.—Model airplane contest. 2:30 — Opening number, pilots Moose, Leach and Murphy in Travelair Specials and Taperwing 330 'ih. p. Special. 2:46 — Dead Stick , Acrobatics, 2:45 — Dead Stick Aerobatics, pilot Bill Moose in 220 h. p. Travelak SpeciaL
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8 ;30 a. m. • —BURNHAM;
Marionette Group : All those having speaking parts in ‘‘Treasure Island” report to the WBAA offices in the EE building at 4 p. m. sharp Saturday, May 20, for final rehearsal and recording. No exception. Be prompt. —GRIER. Scrivener: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. Sunday, May 21, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO.
Pi Beta Phi: Open house Sunday, May 21. Students and faculty members and their wives are invited to come from 3 to 6 p. m. and from 7 to 9 p. m. RAEBIG.
Intramural Schedule
TENNIS Today 1:15 p. m. Class “B” Doubles Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Freshmen Venable vs. Barlow or Pruitt. Deutman vs. Clark or Keilman. Davidson or Murray vs. Howe or Klein.
The four colleges of the City of New York have a total enrollment of 52,000,
EVERYTHING FOR THE LAWN
Lawn;
Hose Sprinklers Mowers Rakes Brooms
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
3:00—^^Crazy Flying, Mike Murphy in 56 h. p. Piper Cub. 3:10—Sky Writing, pilot Ed Leach in 260 h. p. Travelair Special. 3:26—Landing cub airplane on top of auto. Pilot Mike Murphy flying 60 h. p. Piper Cub. 3:40 Trio Number, Moose, Leach, and Murphy in Travelair Specials and Waco Taperwing 330 h. p. Special. 4:00—330 h. p. Taperwing number, Pilot Mike Murphy. 4:20—Bat Wing Parachute Jump, Earl “Whitey” Stein. Seniors Presented Medals, Awards, At Cary Hall Dinner At the Senior Dinner held Thursday night at Cary Hall Arthur Levin, Hal Lownie, John Gantz, and ;Fred Brasse were awarded a gold : medallion, an award presented to each Cary Hall unit’s outstanding senior each year. The Potter Scholarship Award was p^S^nted to Glenn Tobin. President Elliott awarded the Elliott Award to Walter D. Lahey for outstanding participation in inter-x collegiate athletics. John Consoli, associate editor of the Engineer, was presented wiht the Spitzer Literary Award.
Give Europe its "Black Shirts'" and "Brown Shirts"—we'll give you the "White Shirts"—spic and span every week from laundry service as modern as you can buy, yet it costs no more. Once you've tried this dependable, convenient, economical service you'll have no other.
Y ,
a
t I
CROwn hmBm T” I N E C t E AN E R S OF F I N E CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent <•- Service Directory
• Booktfores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. Irion DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafeyatle Phone 4965
• Florists
• Jewelers
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mein at 7th Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
e Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS Keyt for trunk*, door iacfcs, d«*k lock*, night Mxihe* wKl iMcBeofc*. Auto key* a *peelelty. Weyde*, ec'Htuorie* and rapairmg. MULHAUPT'S 209-n N. 5th St. Phanazsas
R. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
r 1
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH I Use THE Purdue Exponent CiLASSlFlED SERVlCiE ■ ’i ■ Business Pfione — 5038