5 f. < ./ ^ ' -n, -
X'-rtC s
. , ^ i , ^ .:5!'riW, /■ f i j- ^ ^-0/
rtx " j
I ^
K I . I*' -i,
(Eht Pur0ut TSxaanent
Publidh^ t>{iily by StfHiebtd of Purdue Uuiveraity
VOLUME XLVIII
Dinner Closes Annual Floral
Conference
Large Crowd Attends Oosing Banquet, Display In Union Indiana florists closed tljeir tenth annual conference last night with a banquet held in the Memorial Union Building. The banquet was followed by a specially arranged floral musicale. More than 200 registered for the conference and approximately 150 exhibits of flowers were entered in the special floral display, according to Professor E. R. Honejrwell, of the horticulture department. Morning Session The morning session was held in the University Greenhouses yesterday with R. B. Withrow, J. P. Biebel, and Dr. C. T. Gregory directing discussions on growing plants without soil, growing commercial crops in gravel and cinders, and abnormalities of plant growth. The feature of the afternoon’s program was an illustrated talk on “What Can We Learn Prom Europe?” by G. J. Ball, West Chicago, 111.
Halls To Give
Annual Dance
Cary Club members and their lady friends will dance to the music of Lee Bennett and his orchestra from 8 till 12 this evening when the two Cary Halls combine to present their/ annual dinner dance in the North Hall. 125 couples are expected to attend the closed affair. A winter motif will be used to decorate the lower lounge and dining room of the hall.
44
30
//
By Hugh Morris
March 6,1937 “SCOOPS” are probably the most sought after things in the newspaper world. Daily, reporters risk life and limb hurrying to the scene of some big news event ... in an attempt to “scoop” the rival paper... yet the biggest “scoop” in the history of American Journalism almost passed unnoticed ... —30— OVER 160 years ago. Editor Benjamin Towne, of the Pennsylvania Evening Post, ran a story on the front page of his July 2 issue. No banner headline, or heavy type display was carried over the story . . . in fact it was almost buried under an 18-line account of a meeting of the Committee of Safety . .. —30— BELOW the story was an advertisement offering a brigantine for sale . .. and on one side was an ad offering a three dollar reward for the return of a runaway slave . . . The story"? Well, it read like this: —30— “THIS day the Continental Congress declared the United States free and independent states.” —30— EDITOR Towne’s news beat is one of the sidelights on the Declaration of Independence ... a sidelight on American journalism . . . and a sidelight that wasn’t worth a headline . . . ■ '30 ' ‘ FROM the Daily Illini comes the following article: “Don’t take our word for it that this will work, but somebody rating an A in a course (preferably psychology) might try it.. . —80— . “ANYWAY, a student in an examination at Marquette University ran out of material after writing three pages, and he wrote: ‘I don't think you’ll read this far, and just to prove it, I’ll tell you about the basketball game. I saw yesterday.’ He told about for the next five pages . ,. and hasn’t been called* in for it yet.” ,..
am
sum
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MARCH 0, 19^7
ii
Sigma Chi To Give Union Supper Skit Tomorrow Night
“Time Marches On” will be the title of the Sunday supper show to be presented tomorrow night at 5:30 by the Sigma Chi fraternity in the cafeteria of the Memorial Union Building. This will be the second show of the current semester. The schedule of the remaining performances this term follows: March 14, Pi Kappa Alpha; March 21, Phi Gamma Delta; April 11, Kappa Alpha Theta; April 18, Phi Kappa; April 25, Alpha Gamma Rho; May 2, Alpha Chi Omega; May 9, Alpha Kappa Lambda; May 16, Alpha Xi Delta; May 23, Sigma Phi Jlpsilon,
Florists Show
Style Trends
Co-eds Model Spring Gowns, Bouquets
Power of flowers to enhance beauty was visibly displayed last night at the tenth annual florists’ show in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The program, announced by Gil Hutton, consisted of Spring Holiday scenes, with the concert choir serving as a musical background. Escorted by Jjim Shoemaker, Louise Hanley, in a blue satin formal7 opened the show with a carnation set. Wallie Craig escorted Betty Barnette, who wore red roses. Rosemary Milburn and Dave Lawrie represented Valentine’s Day with yellow carnations and ageratum. Mary Wien, Gene Wright, Isabel Hodgkins, and Gordon Chandler ^pictured Saint Patrick’s Day with green carnations and hyacinths. Palm Sunday, Easter, and Mother’s Day were modeled by Jean Hanley, Bill Hodgdon, Captain and Mrs. R, C. Singer, Pern Honeywell, Richard Freeman, Sonja Gershuny, Bob Helm, Mrs. Ruth Love, and Dave Light, with jonquils, ageratum blue daisies, and carnations. Mrs. Dooley, as a bride, and her husband, D. L. Dooley, brought the program to a close with a bridal bouquet of pansies and fresias in the wedding scene.
Fowler To Conduct
Special Classes In Freshman English
Murray Fowler, of the English department, will conduct classes at 4 o’clock in room 201 of the Education Building for anyone wishing assistance before the condition examination for English 1 on March 20. The classes, which will be held from Thursday, March 11 to Friday, March 19, are open to anyone without registration or fees. On Friday, March 19, a general review will be held to cover all the questions or matters omitted in the special session of spelling, grammar and punctuation. Thursday and Friday, March 11 and 12, there will be special spelling reviews; on Monday and Tuesday, March 15 and 16 there will be grammar reviews; and on Wednesday and Thursday, March 17 and 18, punctuation reviews will be held.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 20th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men . M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men
Cotillion Sale
\
Starts Today
Attendance Fol* Sopliomore Dance Will Be
Limited To 700
Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion, to be held Friday night, March 19, will go on sale this morning and may be secured from any Skull and Crescent member at the price of two dollars each. This year’s sale is to be limited to 350 tickets, it was announced by committee members last night. Announcement of the prominent eastern band engaged to play this four-hour foimal is being withheld until Tuesday pending final signing of contracts. W. K. Millholland, the chairman of the dance committee, stated however, that this musical organization, now playing in New York City, had been brought to the campus only once before in the history of the University. Though primarily a function of the Sophomore class, any student or staff member desiring a ticket may purchase one as long as the supply lasts. Dance program stubs are attached to the tickets and may be exchanged for programs at a later date. A list of freshmen prominent in underclass activities, with good scholastic records, and well known among their classmates as well as among upperclassmen, has been submitted to the Skull and Crescent committee in charge of pledging. Prom this list, after careful analysis of each man’s recommendations, approximately forty men will be selected to carry on the activities of the organization next year. These names will be announced at the Cotillion some time during the evening by Skull and Crescent president, W. R. Penstermaker. ^ Any Skull and Crescent member not yet having secured his tickets may get them from T. D. Cabonargi at the Delta Upsilon house, or from R. R. Hensler, Sigma Phi Epsilon house.
Co-ed Dance Bids Available
Dii;k Hartom To Play For Gold Pepper Affair Next Friday
Tickets for the annual Gold Peppers co-ed bid dance, to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom next Friday night, are on sale now at the sorority houses, at the Women’s Residence Hall, and at the Union desk, at $1 each. Pledges to Gold Peppers, a co-ed activity honorary, will be anounced and pledged during that evening. Dick Hartom will bring his University of Illinois band here to play for the affair.
Concert Choir To
Sing In Rochester
Members of the University Concert Choir will leave here tomorrow afternoon at 1:15 by chartered bus to fill engagements at Rochester and Kewanna in the afternoon and evening. Morey Doyle will act as guest pianist. The choir will sing a varied program at the Methodist Church in Rochester at 4 o’clock, and at 7:30 will present their music at the M. E. Church of Kewanna where they will be dinner guests of the church at 6 o’clock. Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart will chaperone the trip.
Senior Women To
Hear Dr. Strauss
“Marriage as a Normal Relationship” will be discussed by Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, Chicago psychiatrist and physician, at the first of a series of four marital lectures sponsored by W. S. G. A. Tuesday evening, March 9. These lectures are open to senior women only. Dr. Strauss has spoken on the campus in previous years concerning similar topics.
There's Nothing Like A Soldier
Battery To Go Into Action
Sham Battle To Provide Finale For Carnival
All the thrills of actual combat; the stirring action, the vivid flashes of cannon, the thundering reverberations of shot and shell, and the quick, nervous charges of trained soldiers will greet 3,000 spectators at the Military Carnival March 17 when battery E-2 b^ts the cap on the evening’s program with a true-to-life sham battle.
Just imagine a fourth of July demonstration, a last minute Purdue victory over Indiana, an earthquake, and Niagara Palls all in one room at the same time and you will have a pretty good picture of the climax of th,e coming carnival as Cadet Captain J. R.^ Burkhardt leads hi^ men into action.
Supposed Scene The supposed scene of the conflict is in a previously quiet sector of the front with the battery moving forward to occupy a position in preparation fbr a coming offensive. As night draws on, a hplt is called and the men prepare to camp for the night. Regular camp routine
prevails with the inevitable but ever welcome chow line followed by even more welcome slumber after a hard day’s march. The comparative quiet of the scene is rudely shattered by the put-put of a motorcycle and a mounted messenger rides up to report the approach of enemy infantry who have broken through the lines and are preparing to attack the position. Quick commands, the clang of the alarm gong and the camp becomes a bee-hive of activity as men spring from their blankets and hurry to positions. Machine gunners mount their chattering weapons and soon the rapid staccato of rifles and mu-chine-guns fill the air as the battle moves into full swing. Under cover of the supporting in-fantry-men, the battery makes a burned displacement to the rear, where it goes into position and lays down a heavy fire. The booming guns,t bursting shells, and small arms fire conver't^^the scene of conflict into a veritable inferno under the intensity of which the enemy break and retreat. The battle has been won.
Deadline For Prom
Queen Petitions Set For Noon Today
Petitions for the honor of serving as queen of the 1937 Junior Prom must be turned in at the Student Senate office between 11 and 1 o’clock today, Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee, announced last night. Each candidate IS also required to submit a photograph of herself. The candidates for Prom queen are asked to report to the selecting committee at 1 o’clock this afternoon. The committee will attempt to reach a decision in choosing the queen at this meeting. Two Petitions Returned Two of the 10 petitions taken out were returned yesterday, Craig said. Co-eds for whom petitions have been obtained are Louise Bam, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Catherine Ann Cromer, Alpha Xi Delta; Margaret Dicks, Pi Beta Phi! Jeanne Hallam, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Judith Jones Kappa Kappa Gamma; Lyda Lyon, Chi Omega; Mary Alice Masters, Kappa Alpha Theta; Alice Parlon, Kappa Alpha Theta; Virginia Richards, Alpha Chi Omega; and Jean Whitney, Kappa Alpha Theta.
Co-eds Defeat Illini Debaters National Youth Admin-
istration Features Suecessfufly Upheld
Purdue’s affirmative co-ed debate team, composed of Elizabeth Maier, Virginia SidWell, and Mary Wien, were successful in their encounter with the University of Illinois -debate squad Thursday night in a formal Big Ten debate on the question, “Resolved: That The Essential Features of the National Youth Administration Should Be Made Permanent.”
The effectiveness in delivery, refutation, and analysis of the Purdue team were the deciding factors in the decision of the judge. Prof. J. H. McBumey, of the Northwestern department of speech. As a follow-up of the debate, the Purdue negative team will meet the Indiana University affirmative team on the same question at Bloomington next Tuesday night.
Brisk^
nion
Show Ticket Sale Reported
Plenty Of Good Seats StiU Available For Both Performances
Brisk ticket sales for “Castles In The Air” were reported by Union officials after a checkup on advance reservations. Plenty of good s^ts are still available for both the afternoon and evening, however, and arrangements have been made to accomodate the ticket rush that is expected as the show draws near its opening, a week from today. All seats are to be reserved. Tickets are available at both the Union desk and in the bowling alleys Requests for ticket reserva-tio-is may be made at Deac’s and Southworth’s in the Village, and at Kienly’s drug store and McLean’s music store in Lafayette. Matinee prices are 50c for the mam floor and 35c for the mezzanine. For the evening performance, main floor tickets are priced at 75 cents, with the rear of the main floor and mezzanine at 50 cents. Seats in the balcony are 35 cents. A number of fraternities have already made their reservations in blocks and will attend in a group. Union officials expressed satisfaction with advance sales. Tickets are expected to go on sale at the Mars Theatre box office early next week.
Pat Clinton To
Play At Mixer
This evening’s regular mixer wfll feature Pat Clinton and his campus orchestra when the couples dance in the Union ballroom from 9 till midnight. The regular one dollar admission fee will prevail.
Chi O’s Have State Damee And Lunchemi Today
Chi Omega sorority will hold its annual state luncheon and dance today at the Severin Hotel, btdhuiapolis. Miss Elizabeth Dyer, na^nal vice-president, will be the speaker at the luncheon which wiU he followed by a round table discussion of the benefits derived from extracurricular activities.
Nine Debris Beauties Model New Spring Selections At AlUAg Dance
By E. C. Pyke
As the music becanie a soft background for the nine Debris beauties, the 260 couples at the All-Ag dance last night stood back to make way in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building for the stunning mannequins to feature Palais Royal’s new spring selections. Miss Ruth Ezra, one of the beauties, supplemented the models’ appearances with comments on the various costumes. She wore a white formal in which the bodice tied in a knot in the back; a bunch of DuBonnett and navy blue flowers on the left shoulder added emphasis to the gown. Among the many attractive dresses and suits,the crimson andpurple changeable, taffeta, evening wrap modeled by Mary Ellen Foresman was especially outstanding for its^ unusual color. As Jessie Graham walked slowly up the aisles in a black Xsenberg street dress, many admiring cwnments were heard. Inserted in the blouse and sleeves were cbantilla lace and rhinestone buttons. Two three-piece suits in the new shrimp color were modeled, one by Mary Ellen Foresman and the other by Virginia Hulse. While Betty Barnette circled on the /stage. Miss Ezra described her double-duty street dress of blaok and gold. Frankie Fwrd caused comment in a du^ty rose, spoH dress of Louise i Mulligan design. ^ Amid feminine oh’s and ah’s Lou-
ise Bain trailed through the baUroom in a corn-flower blue chiffon formal. With a military air Rosemary Milburn appeared in a dusty green military cape. The jacket of the three-piece suit was split up the back on either side in a mannish fashion. In a jigger suit of black and white plaid Dorothy Kuehn appeared quite jaunty to the audience. Two plate buttons and a scarf dressed up the front of the suit.
Pi Kappa Phi Pledges To Have Banquet Tonight
Frankfort Out!
'■WA
^lUMBEB m
Something new in pledge activities has been originated by the pledges at the Pi Kappa Phi :l^ternity, a ^nner for ple«^;es only. The dinner will be held in room 1 of the Memorial Union at 8 o'clock tonight for nine pledge and their dates. After the dinnmr the couph^ wiR attend the mixer.
Founder's Day was observed by the Phi Mu Alumnae club with Mcsv Helen Mullen as hostess and Miss Zella Yates, assistant hostess^
Frankfort high school, defendhig state basketbaR Uam|do% vtaa out of the runnk^ in th» secthmal tournament hmee last n^t by tha Rossville h^b school 1^ h U to 8ft score. . ^
fL
J - A
J
A
,1%
■A;] i ‘
A ^ < * 1'
■ X
h
\imUm
« . .1 il»STihii I siTHE PURDUE' EXPONENT
Saturday, March 1SS7
I-:
3H:'
(rte $urliue exponent
r^MHM in i«u
Mil 1^1 na Moond dua natter at the poet otnee, laifayettfc Indihn^ Dettwred hy Bail, tm P* r***/ delfrweed by carrier, $2.60 per year; aold t»y a aingla eopy, t cents.
BariMn Phone KOSt
OFPICB-8ie North Fifth Street
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
SS^WiltZSL'X tortte, jrBi’Br^', Ara Fow^i R. R C. Aasistanta W. Vl. Anthony, D. A. Bail^ J. A. Ctopin, J. R Clwk
....H. H. Morris
SwhoBiare Assistants.
Bold and Black Editor
L. S. Haidin, C. D.' sihrieder, ^ L SUmb«k. D. R.
1 J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Bnsiness Manacer National Adrertisins Manager.. Local Adrertbins Manaarer Circulation ManaRor
.R. J. Hulse L. H. Br^wn "■ _ J). C. Miller ;;;J. P, Girard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor Associate Editors..
......L. D. Wood ""w! BL Plfleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenqhain
Editor-
Associate Editors AdrertiBiaR ManaRer..
WOMEN>S STAFF Jeanne Janousek. Doris McCartney, Elizabeft Fyk® Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—D. R. Vance
is laid aside when Skull and Crescent invites the freshman coeds and eds to meet each other at the annual freshman tag dance. Upper class “women enjo;:^ attending the dance for it is the one time in the year wheh a girl feels popular—^in the common sense of the tirord. ^ Many magazines carry amusing and helpful articles on how not to be a wall flower and what clever lines a co-ed may throw out to the different boys who cut in on her. What chance has a girl to develop into a witty conversationalist while she dances with only one man ? It is not probable that tag dances will occur immediately on this campus. What might happen is,more trading of dances between couples at mixers and formals. With Prom time advancing and election promises of longer hours for the big event nothing seems more boring than dancing from nine until three o’clock in the morning with the same man. If more people will agree to trade dances, a suggestion by either the boy or girl to exchange a dance will not be considered an insult to the other. —E. C. P.
Boilermakers they will either: 1. Spit it out. 2. Drink it behind the horsebarn 3. Develop a bad cold. 4. Start to blow foam. —swiped.
Eliminate Finals?
An editorial recently printed in the Syracuse Daily Orange advocated elimination of final examinations. In the article was cited the opinion of Dr. Earl R. Gabler, of the New York University School of Education, that final examinations as given under the present system have little practical value, and are often harmful because they are based on the psychology of
fear.
“In the main, the examination as now used is a vestige of the old education which emphasized facts out of a book, removed from life, abstract and wordy,” Dr. Gabler explained, “Its acquisition was based upon fear and drive of the teacher. A mathematics professor of the University, at the beginning of the second semester, outlined for his classes his idea of the purposes and advantages of tests and examinations. His opinion was that hour tests, given during the course of the semester, should give the student an idea of his standing in the class, and should show him just what parts of the subject he had not learned well. This professor pointed out that the final examination was given partly to aid the instructor in assigning grades, but mainly to encourage the student to review the semester’s work as a unit. This last idea is perhaps the vindicating virtue of the final examination. During the whole semester most college men and women absorb knowledge in doses. Each “dose” consists of what is learned between hour tests, since such tests are generally given at times when the courses naturally divide into comparatively unrelated units. Engineering courses especially are prone to have such divisions. At the time a student takes an hour test he is supposed to know that unit. But what about the preceding units? Are they ever reviewed except to the meagre extent required by their application to the following units? If in a particular course, each unit must be reviewed completely and thoroughly mastered in order to learn each succeeding unit, a final examination is unnecessary and would not be justified for the mere purpose of ascertaining grades. If any course, however, does not fit these specifications, it seems evident that the complete review required in studying for the final is certainly imperative. Until some better method of inducing students to consider whole semesters of study as completely unified fields of knowledge, to be considered as a whole and not as separate units, can be devised, final examinations should by all means be continued. Also they should be appreciated more by students, most of whom fail to realize the advantages of review and look on the final examinations as evil things ,to be taken like doses of medicine.—^H. I. S.
NEW DOIT, OLD DOIT, DOIT TODAY ... Tap the keg And lift the Stein, Here’s to the class
of ’39.
Who’s their prexy? Harvey Cline. —Stumbling Stu. THEYSATONASOPALIKETHIS But she was a demure Miss And now they sit Like This. Delt-—I guess you’ve been out with fellows worse looking than I am, haven’t you ? Theta—(No answer—Thetas are like that). Delt—I say, I guess you’ve been out with . . . Theta—I heard you the first time . I was just (trying to) thinking. Just who is this little Sunny? Who seems to think he’s so funny? He writes from rumor But rumor may die. And liars like him Go to h ^1 to fry. If he doesn’t want people To step on his toes Tell him to watch Where he sticks his nose. He’s no Winchell ! ! ! —^Tube-itz. One of the gals in Nursery Lab. says the stuff they give brats for their stomach smells like liquor. The brats like it ... if they are true
What Price Jobs? With the present open campaign for Prom over, a few errors have been brought to light. Although the Student Senate tried to give the campus something new and different, it failed on one point. That concerns unlimited campaign expenses. , , . Although the cost of publicity, propaganda, and advertising didn’t amount to much over the price of a Prom ticket per person in this last election, the next campus election promises a considerable rise in expenses for those involved. Students who intend to run will be forced to meet the higher campaign expenses, or drop from competition. Surely it was never intended that student would have to pay high prices to get campus positions. Each election following this last one will outdo the others in money spent. With no limit on cost, parties and persons with the most capital will hold an edge. The Student Senate, who is supposed to not only govern all campus elections, but to see that only fairness and square-play are involved, should consider this fact about campaign expenses before the arrival of the next election.—K. E. 0.
Grab Him'! Get Him! No,' a culprit isn’t on the loose, it’s just someone trying to corner a waitress in the Union Grill . . . . THE PRESENT AND FUTURE When the Army makes you drill, On some slimy gooey hill, Then you know for certain friends That good ol’ spring is here . . . —FOO. THIS HAS TO HAPPEN Hark to the cries Of pain so shrill There’s a sit?down strike In the old tack mill . . Thirty days hath September, April, Schlitz and Kentucky. All the rest have peanut butter; except Pasadena, which has the Rose Bowl. Little grains of powder, Little dabs of paint. Make the tired school girl, Look like what she ain’t.
man B team came in second by winning 76 per cent of its games. Two all-star teams were picked to play at a mass meeting of the W. A. A. today at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. The members of the all-star ‘A’ team are: Van Rie, Thatcher, M. Campbell, Brasaemle, Wiley, Auld, Clymer, DeVault, and Young as a substitute. The all-star ‘B’ team: Cook, Halstead, Patterson, Vandiver, Raebig, J, Campbell, Mounce, Rawlen, and Townsend as a substitute.
Seniors Win Women’s Interclass Volleyball Beating the juniors, 30-23 in the Women’s Gymnasium yesterday aft ternoon, the senior class became the champions in the women’s interclass volleyball tournament. The fresh-
While it is admittedly true that in some instances the amount of money spent by a party in conducting a campaign might have definite results in determining the outcome of an election, it is our belief that a vigorous campaign could be carried out by a party with a very small amount of money expended. The personalities of the candidates are of far greater importance in a campus election than in any other sort, and it is known that some of the most hotly contested national elections have been won, not, by the moneyed interests, but by the candidate who impressed the voting populace with his personality.
Tag Dances
The Mason and Dixon Line, besides dividing the United States in half, cuts a co-ed’s chances for a good time at dances ninety per cent. For south of this invisible landmark stags are permitted at social functions. To the northward a girl must dance through the entire evening with the same escort, who may or may not be entertaining. An unwritten law seems to be controlling the social activities of the co-eds at this University. Once a year the custom
This Film Was Written in the Life-blood of 10,000 Innocent Americi
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMIA
—LAST DAY— Double Feature Binnie Barnes William Gargan Wendy Barrie in “Breezing Home” —and— Roscoe Xarns in ’'Clarence*'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Lunch now being served in the diner!”
The registrar at the University of Oklahoma proved statistically that students with the thinnest wallets get the most “A’s” when two state legislator’s complained that the $3 “flunking fee” is a hardship on poor‘students.
ARC
SUNDAY AND MONDAY
Joan Crawford and Robert Taylor In “Gorgeous Hussy” —ana— Gertrude Michael in “Return of Sophie Lang’ —Also— Color Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY “Wildcat Trooper” “Counterfeit”
V
“Darkest Africa’
This Year's
Kisses •: IVe Got
: j|^y love 'fei' Keep Me V Worm y The Girl Op The Police Gazette . He Xin’t G6t: Rhythm r ; You're ipughingAtiyte i' Slgro\
rhlrig Op Park'i ' :' , Avepoe, ■ J
MADELEINE CARROLL
DICK
POWELL
ailCEFiyi BlIZBrate
Stepin Fetchit
NOW EQUIPPED WITH THE LATEST IN SOUND
STARTS TOMORROW MiM
Westerti^Etcctric MIKKOPHONIfi, SOUND SYSTEM
—LAST DAY-
WARREN WILLIAM Lewis Stone 'Karen Morley in “OUTCAST”'S,^'"^-^'?:'^ ’ A-^;;> ';^f’^i^'\^'\':u ;;;f '/t '/> 5-" '
><, ■
THE PURDUE
EXPOI^EilT dimtKammmimmammm
Track Team Leaves
For Chicago Relays Indoor Track Carnival Will Feature Marty Olym pic, Intercollegiate Champions Eight members of Purdue’s indoor track squad will leave this morning at 9:00 o’clock for Chicago to conapete in the Chicago Relays sponsored by theChicago Daily News. The indoor track carnival, which will be held in the Stockyard Ampitheater on Chicago’s south side, wiU feature many Olympic and
intercollegiate champions.
The feature event, the revival of the Banker’s mile, will see Glenn Cunningham, the world’s fastest miler, representing the New York Curb Exchange, meeting such outstanding stars as Archie San Romani and Gene Venske. Representing the Boilermakers will be co-captain Williamson in the high jump; Bodeau in the 1000-yard run; Lemen in the high hurdles, and Terhune, Luther, Lemen, and Wadleigh in the one-mile relay. Lakie Glendenning, former Purdue distance star, will accompany the team to compete unattached in the special 600-yard run. Famous Stars In Meet Record holders by the drove will be assembled to add to the thrills of the day. Glenn Morris, Colorado’s decathlon champion, will perform in four special events; Burke noted Marquette high jumper will meet the threat of high powered competition; Earle Meadows, Olympic pole vault winner, will renew his battel with the Japanese star, Suee Ohe, and such celebrated athletes as Cornelius Johnson, Bob Grieve of Illinois, Don Lash of Indiana, and the Bideout twins, Wayne and Blaine from Texas. Six Big Ten relay teams, as well as mile relay combinations from
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Caro for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES < 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUI, A. RISE DR. HAROLD J. BISK DB. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. . Phone 5701
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
FAMILY
SUNDAY—MONDAY
Dodge City Trail” —and— “Penrod and Sam”
Marquette and Notre Dame, are to be seen in this huge track carnival. Northwestern, Illinois, and Chicago are matched in the one mile relay. In the other all Big Ten conference relay test, teams from Ohio State, Purdue, and Indiana will compete. Joie Ray, five time winner of the Bankers’ Mile, will be an honored guest when the race is revived.
Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts To Begin Tuesday In Gym
ielder’s.... ^choice ..By Bob Walpole
To the fraternity men who can achieve Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic fraternity, will go five participation points for his organization total. Tryouts will be held each Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoon from 4:00 to 5:00 p. m. After spring vacation all tryouts will be held at the Stadium. Previous to this all contestants will work off the indoor portion of the requirements in the small gym of Memorial Gymnasium. 4 participant may have as many trials as he needs to pass the test, and everyone is welcome to try out for Sigma' Delta Psi. Active members of the local chapter will be in charge of all tryouts. Anyone who desires to take the tests may do so by reporting to the small gym at the times specified above. The national officers of the fraternity have approved a three Hollar certificate membership. The events and qualifications for each are as follows: 100 Yard Dash—11 3-6 seconds. 120 Yard Low Hurdles—16 sec. Running High Jump—6 feet. Running Broad Jumj)—17 feet. 16 lb. Shot Put—30 feet. 20 it. Rope Climb—12 sec. Baseball Throw—250 feet or Javelin Throw—130 feet. Football Punt—120 feet. 100 Yard Swim—1 min. 45 sec.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Ofiice Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
KEYS Keya for tnuiks, doer locks, dcdt locks, night latchM and padlock*. Ante keys and handle locks- a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Did.
We have selected All-Opponent teams before, so let’s try again . . . this team is selected, from those schools that Purdue faced during the basketball season of 1936-37 ... from the Big Ten .... —^fc— Forward Combes, Illinois Forward Townsend,. Michigan Center Riegel, Illinois Guard Seebach, Minnesota Guard Andres, Indiana —fc— Second team of the following men Forward Addington, Minnesota Forward Boudreau, Illinois Center Gee, Michigan Guard Rolek, Minnesota Guard ' Huffman, Indiana —^fc— From basketball to track .. . that is what Johnny Sines is doing . . . with a little practice he finished second'in the pole vault at the Butler dual meet on Wednesday, clearing more than eleven feet. . . —^fc—^ The question of Chief Clevett’s horsepower machine came up in Bill Hiller’s H. and V. class yesterday . . . assuming that the device is correct to read that a football player weighing 200 pounds exerts 1.66 horsepower per hour in charging, it was found that he would lose 15.9 pounds per hour . . . working like that it wouldn’t take long to diminish the football squad to a mere nothing . . . —^fc— Daily spring football practice is keeping the squad in form . . . lots of boys out to try to make good for next fall’s eleven . . .
One Mile Run—6 min. Front Hand Spring, landing on feet. Hand Stand—10 sec. Fence Vault—Chin High. Good Posture—Standard B (H. B. M.). Scholarship—Eligible for varsity competition.
VoUeyballTo Start Monday
A new activity bursts forth from the ever active intramural office, in the form of the inter-fratemity and Ward volleyball tournaments, this week. These six-man encounters should' prove real enjoyment for those who enter, with plenty of excitement from the strong competition. To the winners on the best Ward team will go medals, while the fraternity teams will fight it out for a trophy and individual medals. Competition for the Wards will begin Monday night while the fraternities will swing into action Wednesday evening.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT:
MAItl
Sun.—Mon.—^Tues.—ed. STARTING^ MIDNITE SHOW TONITE ir:30
If. you were born under the sign of the Crab» 'don’t let it worry you. You’re going to laugh dull care away under the sign of the Bull!
ftWHdUy^
FIRST LAFAYETTE SHOWING
Mlarian Marsh • Fred Keating • Edgar Kennedy
Purdue Tfaiulies
Tie With BuOdogs
Fighting to a 43-43 tie with the Butler Bulldogs, Purdue's track team met with their third battle of the indoor season Thursday night. The outcome was a free for all up to the very test, with Purdue on the short end of a 43-38 score as the final event, the mile relay, rolled around. Here the relay team dashed into a ten yard/ lead and held the upper hand throughout the rest of the race, gaining the Boilermakers five much needed tallies and ending the meet in a deadlock. Purdue Wins Three . The Martinmen captured second place in all of the nine team events and chalked up three firsts. Bodeau won the 880 yard run, Williamson ouoo oouuu uu ueaolaluur uuus captured the high jump, and the relay team won.
Summary: 60 Yard Dash—Holmes (B) first; Wadleigh (P) second; Boa (B) third. Time, 5.6 seconds. 50 Yard High Hurdles—Holmes (B) first; Lemen (P) second; Boa (B) third. Time, 6.6 seconds. 440 Yard Dash—Olsen (B) first; Terhune (P) second; Luther (P) third. Time, 52.01 seconds. 880 Yard Run—Bodeau (P) first; Richardson (P) second; Weiner (B) third. Time, :2.3. Mile Run—Won by Weiner (B); Goory (P) second; Bodeau (P) third. Time, 4 minutes 31.03 seconds. Two Mile Run—Griffin (B) first; Long (P) second; Knapp (P) third. Time, 9 min. 46.6 sec. Pole Vault—Stout (B) first; Sines (P) second; Boa (B) third. Height, 11 feet, 9 inches. High Jump—Won by Williamson (P); Lemen (P) second; Topmiller (B) third. Height, 5 feet 11 inches. Shot Put—Blackaby (B) first; Murphy (P) second; Grant (P) third. Distance, 44 feet, inch. Mile Relay—Won by Purdue (Wadleigh, Luther, Lemen, Terhune). Time, 3 minutes 29.7 seconds.
Ellsworth Vines
Perry, Vines Play At Butler Fieldhouse
Match Will Mark First Appearance Of Pro’s In Indianapolis
Fred Perry, former star of the British Davis Cup team, noted as the outstanding , amateur tennis player of the world, will make his first appearance in Indiana in a match with Ellsworth Vines Wednesday, March 10 at the Butler University Fieldhouse in Indianapolis. Play will begin at 8 p. m. Vines was generally recoznized as the greatest professional player in the world until Perry test fall decided to give up the somewhat ephemeral amateur honors for the more solid sum of $25,000 and become a professional. Lott Also Plays In addition to the Perry-Vines encounter, George Lott, former star of the American Davis Cup team, will play Bruce Barnes, one-time captain of the University of Texas tennis team. Lott and Perry will be paired against Barnes and Vines in a doubles match.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The fates stepped in for the fourth time in the Sigma Pi’s conquest of the fraternity basketball championship Thursday night as they defeated the Phi Kappa Psi’s 30-23. First, let’s go back and trace their winding path through the competition. They opened up by beating the Phi Sigma Kappas in their first game of the final round and in their next were beaten by the Phi Psi’s. This threw them over into the loser’s bracket where they again were called upon to play the Phi Sigma Kappa’s and won again. Fate has struck three times already, count 'em. ' Aftet winning the loser’s side of the schedule, the Sigma Pi’s played the Phi Psi’s again Thursday night and after trailing them "most of the game, turned the tables an(} eked out a win to throw the finals into a deadlock to be decided by a final and third game between these two teams who by this time are determined to bring home the other’s scalp after this next battle or else. Football Stars Play In spite of the fact that the Sigma Pi’s lineup sounded like a football roster, with Zachary, Gift, Bykowsky, and Woltman, the game was still far from being the “knock-down-and-drag-’em-out” battle that was expected. Both teams played good heads-up ball. At the first of the game the Sigma Pi’s dashed into a lead of 5-0 which failed to hold as the game progressed and the half showed the Phi Psi’s leading 16-8. At the start of the second half both teams tried to turn on the heat but things still stayed pretty even until, with only about three minutes to go, the trust from the Sig Pi house, sprang into a six-point lead and stayed in front in spite of the frantic efforts of the Phi Psi’s. The final record reading 30-23.
Sigma H Wins BaskelJball
Championship Beat Phi Psis In Final
Game Of Oass A Basketball Tourney
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119^4 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
^SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING
Offles SteOonsry . . *9F*dcllng InviisiloM
PHONE - — 1-^6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408lKERHi
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
^■SKSaMaSl'
Varsity Squmh Team Meets Port
Harrisaii Today Eager to sink its teeth into another victory, the varsity sqnasb team will meet the Port Henjnntin Harrison squad at Indianapolis today. Lucek and Fields, the two maintstays of the team will enjoy a much needed rest, while the others get in trim for their next eneotmter with the University of Illinois, the following week-end, at home. The lineu]^ for today's eneotmter is as follows: Wakefield, Sokolowski, Juve, Linn, and Jackson. 'These same men with the addition of Lucek and Fields and five facility men will participate in the ten man contest with Illinois. To fill the schedule for the following week, four of the best varsity men will participate in the Western Collegiate Meet to be held in Milwaukee on Saturday, March 20.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Domer’s Flower Shop Qqality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
F
The New Taylor Cub just arrived at the field. You should take at least one lesson of 30 minutes for only $3.
Purdue University Airport Captain L. I. Aretz, Lessee Phone 41641
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
PATRONIZE THE EXPONEOT ADVERTISERS
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
We give special attention to the Cleaning and Pressing of Formal Clothes.
Send them to us now and have them ready for the coming formal events.
You will like the way we do your dress shirts too.
. Call 3085 or take them to our West Side office.
American Laundry
.A.'^>K
K‘> ■> i ^ I
J
J
‘ ".}k. , ,' '' ^ Si' f. -
Oold And Black Aces To Play For Police Benefit
Joseph S. Smith, general chairman of the local police benefit ball, announced yesterday that the Gold and Black Aces had been engaged for the ball on April 14. The tickets will go on sale Monday.
Theta Chi’s Hold State Dance In Indianapolis
Theta Chi fraternity will hold its eleventh annual State Dance at the Indianapolis Athletic Club tonight, Ted Nering and his Theta Chi campus band from Indiana University will furnish the music for the din-ner-dance. .
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of Dick Wendt of LaPoite.
WBAA
TODAY 11 00—Just Kids 11 30—High School Guest Program 12 00—Charles Powell, Baritone 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time, Bud Biyant’s Orchestra 12 30—Footnotes on the Headlines 12 45—Markets, Weather 1 00—The Radio Stage 1 30—St Boniface School Band 1 45—Bioadeast of High School Sectional Tournament
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Plans For Play Day Made At WAA Meet
About sixty gix’ls attended the W. A. A. mass meeting yesterday. Plans for Play Day were discussed, and girls were asked to volunteer for Play Day committees. A summary of winter sports was given, and plans for spring sports discussed. As a feature of the W. A. A. Play Day program on March 16, an exhibit':i2, .ion--olation volleyball game will be played. Girls chosen to play in the exhibition game are Betty Arnold, Barbara Auld, Betty Brasaemle, Marjorie Charles, Mary Clymer, Dorothy Cook, Mildred Fitch, Georgia Halstead, Frances Raebig, Catherine Mounce, Maud Wilson, Charlotte Rawles, Louanna Thompson, and Minnie Venneman.
Chi Omega and Ward 2 will play for the intramural basketball championship Monday at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. Ward 2 was successful in defeating Kappa Kappa Gamma by a 29-23 score last night.
Chi Omega Elects
Chi Omega announces the election of the’ following officers: Jeanne Janousek, president; Mary Gene Janett, vice president; Emily Tubbs secretary; Jeanne Stiles, treasurer; MdiS- Alice Loam.ug, piOuge mother; Virginia Laramore, house treasurer; Marjoi’ie Rose, house manager; Marian Groves, rush chairman; Florence Sequartz, social chairman; and Marcia McKinsey, personal chapter correspondent.
STRONGEST GUARANTEE EVER WRITTEN
ALL STATE CRUSADER TIRES
29x4.40-21 $4.90 30x4.50-21 $5.40 28x4.75-19 : $5.75 29x5,00-19 $6.15 28x5.25-18 $6.85 31x5.25-21 $7.55 5.50-17 $7.50 29x5.50-19 $7.90 30x5,00-20 $6.35 29x4.50-20 $5.20
k i/^\ v/Buy asLittle asOne Tire or Battery (Add Accessories if rVL/W You Wish) oh Sears tiBERAL TIME PAYMENT PLAN
Steering Wheel Knobs 49c Fender Guide 69c Mirror Clock $1.69 Headlight Visor 19c Ignition Parts < 14c
3rd and South
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
“We don’t accept bets on the rabbit, lady.”
THE PUKStlE BXrOHEKT , ■
i-l’
Hi
Household Notes-"
By Marian Kidd Although it seems almost impossible, this is Lent and Easter is almost here so let’s glance over some delectable Lenten salads.
First let’s try crabmeat salad. Take four cups of crabmeat, pick over carefully removing all particles of shell, and add one half teaspoonful of salt with one-eighth teaspoon of paprika. Marinate in French dressing and chill thoroughly. When ready to sei’ve, arrange on bed of crisp lettuce leaves in salad bowl and spread with mayonnaise, decorating top with strips of pimento and capers.
As a combination meat and fruit salad, there is the popular shrimp and pineapple salad. First remove black lines from one and one-half cups cooked shrimp and cut into pieces. Then marinate in French dressing and chill. Drain and chill one and one-half cups cut pineapple and combine shrimps, pineapple, one cup chopped celery, one-half teaspoon salt and one-eighth teaspoon of paprika mixing with mayonnaise. Serve this salad on crisp lettuce leaves and garnish with olives.
Here’s a delicious Lenten luncheon salad. Soak one tablespoon of plain gelatine in one fourth cup of cold water and heat one small can of cream of tomato soup to boiling point. Add to the hot soup the gelatin and one package of cream cheese. When slightly thickened add one-half cup of chopped celery, one-fourth cup sliced stuff Spanish olives, one chopped green pepper, and mayonnaise. Mold in individual molds, chill, serve in nests of lettuce, garnishing with spoonful of mayonnaise, and olives that have been sliced. Serve for luncheon or supper with whole wheat bread and butter sandwiches, small cakes and
tea.
When Easter rolls around try this Easter apple salad. Hard cook six eggs in the top of a double boiler half an hour. Shell and while'hot, press between thumb and forefinger into shape resembling an, apple. Dissolve a few drops of red vegetable coloring in cup of water and drop each egg into the coloring, leaving until delicately pink. Insert clove in one end to represent blossom end of apple and a leaf (hot house rose or artificial leaves may be used) to represent stem end of apple. Place each apple in a bed of crisp lettuce and serve with sandwich spread.
PIA Makes Plans For Another One Act Play
Purdue Independent Association is planning another one-act play for the next Independent night, March 21. The setting of “The Lady And The Law,” by George W. Cronyn, is in a deserted “^host” town out in New Mexico. The three characters, a lady and two “tough gun-totin’ homhres,” the sheriff and an outlaw with plenty of action, work themselves into a much involved murder plot which, as all murder stories do, finally works itself out smoothly. Ralph Maby and Emily Jayne Myer, the directors, will start the try-outs Tuesday, March 9.
Martha Scudder, who graduated from Purdue in 1932, attended the twenty-sixth annual convention of the National Dry Goods Association recently held in New York City. Miss Scudder participated in a panel discussion on “Improving Consumer Relations.”
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Learn To Danc^ Correctly—By enrolling in our new Beginners’ Class Wednesday, March 10 at 7:30 p. m. Indiana’s Largest Dancing School, at 6th and Perry streets.— Allen’s.
Improve Your Dancings—By enrolling in our New Advanced Class which open Thursday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m.—^Allen’s.
BBitt
man needs to be an LJylGlISEjbjK in this day to work out hi^ budget
Crown Cleaning service will help you get more from your clothing budget and keep your personal appearance good looking.
FINECLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
NOTICES
No notice* accopted aftor t p. m.
Removal of Math Conditions—Sbeaminations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. —MARSHALL.
P. M. 16—Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in descriptive Geometry will be held Saturday, March 6, from 1 to 4 p. m., in room 808 of the Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to taking the examination. —PORSCH.
Basketball Game Staff—Faculty and students who acted as ticket takers, sellers, etc., during the basketball season, report at the ticket office immediately for payment. —KIZER.
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Meeting Sunday March 7 at 7 :30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All members should attend the important meeting —MAAHS.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building-before the Spring recess. —^NELSON.
English and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p m. in room 201, Education Building —CREEK.
English 1 Conditions—In preparation for the condition examination on March 20, coaching classes will be held as follows;
Spelling, Thursday, March 11, Friday, March 12 ; Grammar, Monday, March 16, iSiesday, March 16; Punctuation, Wednesday, March 17, Thursday, March 18: General Review, Friday, March 19. All classes will he held at 4 p. m. in 201 Education Building. No fees, no registration. —FOWLER.
Pnrdue Student Alliance—^Volunteers to make posters please report to the Reception Room in the Union at 1:80 p. m., on March 6. —BUCKLES.
All Cadet Officers—^Read information on Qorp review for Military Carnival now in boxes before X hour or corp day drill. —HAYFORD.
Faculty—Members of the faculty who desire tickets to the Military Carnival and who did not receive application blanks may obtain tickets by sending an informal request and a return envelope to the Adjutant, Military Department. These application must be in the Adjutant’s office before 4:80 p. m. March 9. —HAYFORD.
W. A. A. Basketball—Open practice for class basketball will be held March 8, 9, and 10 in the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. m. —SHAFFER.
Christian Science Organization — Regular meeting will be held in room f of the Union Building at 7 :15 March 9. —WIN'TER.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS LITTLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pierce
Univereity Orchestra—Rehearsal March 9 at 4 p. m. with chorus. —PHILLIPS.
Prom Qneen Candidates—Return petitions and bring photograph to Senate office by I o’clock this afternoon. Also report in the Senate office at 1 o’clock. —PROM QUEEN COMMITTEE.
Prom Qneen Committee—^Be at the Senate office at 1 p. m. today. Very important. —ADKINS.
Union Committees—My freshman and sophomore committees will meet in Union Workshop today at 1 p. m. — PUTZE.
Louis L. Haas, ’36, has enrolled at the Kelley Air School in San Antonio, Texas, this semester. He was a member of the Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY New Beginners’ Class For Ladies and Gentlemen
Opens Wed.j> March 10 7:30 P. M.
Phone 2150 6th & Perry
Turn Your Assets Into
CASH
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to sell
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer.
CALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad.