* 5^ # i a
' ^ ' /J '• \ ^ - ' ‘V T' I ^ U T' iTy*nV ' ‘V? , .M , . .>;^'.’i'‘ ^'> ,'“ 'r ‘ '.s;, . \ i''« , ' * I ' ^ J ^ V - ^ * ' .^ 1 , ^
V ^
EDIT ASKS WHY No Journalistic Honorary For Women
BUTSCH, LIVELY J Lead In. Balloting For SDX Sovereigns ,
Established 1881
Rassle Tickets Ready
Volume 56. No. 85
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, December 4,1943
.M ,
Ballet Theatre Will Grill Will Open Comp?'")'
■M ■
For Juke Dancing Students To Gain Admission
American Type Ballet
Ballet Theatre with its repertoire described as “Russian Ballet for American audiences,” is coming to the Hall of Music on Thursday night at 7:30, as the fifth number on the regular pro-
By Passports, Recreation Cards Grand opening of the Grill for afternoon dancing will be held Monday at 4 p. m. Uptil recently the Grill was used as an officer’s club for the Navy. It has now been turned over to the students for dances which will continue Monday through Fri-
day from 4 to 5:30 p. m.
Music will be furnished by a nickelodeon.' Admission will be by passports or social recrea-
tion cards. Only couples will be admitted to the dance, which is being sponsored by
the Student Union.
Refreshments will not be sold in the Grill as formerly was done'. However, cokes may be carried in from the Sweet Shop. Sundaes and sandwiches will not be allowed because of the difficulty in getting’ help to keep the floor and
tables clean.
Attendance will be limited to a comfortable number of students. The Grill will remain open only as long as student cooperation is had.
WRH Christmas Dance Features Winter Time 'Snowball' Theme Contrary to original announcement, t“Snow Ball,” WRH’s annual Christmas dance, which will be held tonight in the recreation rooms of North and South Halls and the Wood Hall grill, will be semiformal instead of formal. Betourne’s band will play in South Hall and the music will be carried by a public address system to the other halls. A dark blue backdrop with a white snow figure, blue streamers with cotton hanging from the chandeliers and two life-size snow figures will carry out the theme of wintertime. The committee in charge of the ball is composed of Betty Glass, South Hall, WRH social chairman; Beth Belts and Marilyn Glenn, social chairmen of North and Wood Halls respectively, and social committees from each hall.
Judy Jones
Receives Senior Job
Activities Bureau Elects Faye Tyler Wednesday afternoon the Activities Bureau held elections and named Judy Jones, Kappa Alpha Theta, as director. Faye Tyler, Alpha Chi Omega, was elected senior executive, and Chuck Moeller, Delta Upsilon, junior manager. Nancy Horne, Pi Beta Phi; Ruth Legg, independent, and Margie Matson, Kappa Kappa Gamma, were made
junior executives. Activities Forum
The Activities Bureau will hold an activities forum on December 15, when leaders in all campus activities will describe the opportunities for service in their group.s. Although the meeting will be mainly for the information of freshmen, all students will be welcome. The most important functions of the bureau every year are the interviewing of all freshman‘men in relation to activities, checking the eligibility of all students participating in extra-curricular activities and the running of surveys in Collaboration with the registrar’s of-
■fice.
Two Senior Girls
Ballet Theatre troupe of American origin which will present Russian ballet designed for American audiences at Thursday’s convocation. Stars of the company include Alicia^ Marhova, Anton Dolin, Lucia Chase, Nora Kaye and Andre Eglevsl|y. The performers are called “stream lined athletes”.
gram of convocations.
Starring in a highly cosmopolitan company Alicia Marhova, Anton Dolin, Nora Kaye, Andre Eglevsky and Lucia Chase have added several new choreographic compositions to
the company’s repertoire, including “Mademoiselle Angot”, a French comedy, “Fair at Sorochinsk”, and “Dim Lustre”, After attracting record crowds of 22,000 nightly at the Hollywood Bowl and setting a new high for American ballet perfoi’mances by doing an eight-week engagement at the Metropolitan Opera House in New York City last spring, the company is now on its Pledge week for 18 pledges of Alpha Lambda Delta, national freshman women’s scholastic hon-
, , , , , . . . , . ,, , , , . orary, will begin Monday and conannual Christmas program staged m origin and is an attempt to bring Saturday, according by the musical organizations each ballet out of the “platinum price Mary Trimble president The year in the Music Hall. This year’s range.” The troupe emphasizes its pledging was held yesterday at 4
, , ,, _ ., _ escape from “long-haired art” and program will be held on Friday, De- ^nprepeu^ealile Russian names, cember 17 from 8 to 9:15 p. m. Several of the company are AmeriAn organ prelude given by Al- cans from Connecticut, one is a Chibert Meyer, V-12 stationed on cam- one a Philadelphian and
Christmas Convo Features Varied Musical Program Al Meyer To Open With Organ Prelude
Alpha Lam Begins Pledge Training; To Initiate Dec. 12
Eighteen Girls To Garry Candles
Announcement was made yester- second coast-to-coast tour, day by Al Stewart, director of mus- Theater Is American in Origin ical organizations, of the date of the The Ballet Theater is American
Intra-Squad Net Play Held Tonight V-12's Meet Riveter Netmen; First Game Starts At 6:30 Basketball fans will get a preview of what this year’s team will look like when the squad divides into four teams tonight to provide action in the pre-season game sponsored annually by the Reamer Club. The first game featuring a V-12 team against a combined civilian V-12 squad, will start at 6:30, and will be followed by a clash between V-12 men -from other schools and civilians, sailors and marines
Lt. Hamilton
Will Speak At Convo Veteran To Recall
Action On PT Boat
Lt. (jg) Edward T. Hamil- f combined
ton will be the sneaker at a Schmidt, a memton wm oe tne speaker at a ber of last year’s Boilermaker baseconvocation arranged by Prof. ball team. Other players on the F. C. Hockema, assistant to team include Cline, Mullins, UnverPresident Elliott, which will be zagt, Sokel, Kriegbaum, Billion, held Friday, December 10, in McCormick, Becker and Bennett. the Music Hall. *>“«” "“I '<>««”-
ing sailors: Parker, Pnchowskii
Entering the Navy as an Carpenter, Morrison, Harriett, Chaordnance officer two years ago, leff, Oppen, Broduer, Shue and
Hamilton wound up in a PT boat Kreisle.
squadron right at i the time the 7:30 a powerful civilian and Navy was starting to feel its way V-12 team will take on a squad of into enemy territory. He was one V-12 men from other schools. This
who ha^e been students previously at the University. Since freshman teams are out for the duration, tonight’s double-header at the Fieldhouse has been arranged to take the place of the annual frosh-var-sity game. Besides affording the players with valuable experience, the games will give Coach Ward Lambert a chance to see what material he has before making the final
cut in the squad. Newcomers to Play
First to take the court tonight
ci’vilian V-12
pus, will open the convocation. Fol-
several are New Yorkers.
p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Betty King, assisted by Marion Swanstrom, is in charge of the initiation. Katie Bird and Lucille Mattinger have arranged a breakfast in the cafeteria following the
. , . December 12. Prof. Muriel McFar-
Ardmore, Okla., who is one-quarter T •»Tr/41 ri VI ,
ent.
The initiation for next week re-
Train Holds Up Receive Awards Irate Students p|.Q^ Pan-Hellenic
, . , Perhaps the most American of . o j lowing this, the University orches- ,, • n -ti- s initiation Sunday morning,
^ ,,, the group is Rosella Hightower of 19 P.n-F m^v.-.i
tra under the direction of J. M. Ragains, assistant choral director, Indian.
will play selections from the Nut- Admission by Passports, Etc.
cracker Suite and a Christmas med- Beginning its eleventh season, the quires that each pledge carry a 9x12 ley. Hurok troupe publicizes its per- sign bearing the full title of the orStewart plans to use six choirs formers as “streamlined athletes” ganization; wear red, yellow ahd in a carol processional similar to instead of the heavy beauties of the white ribbons on her coat sleeve; , , , _ , traditional Russian ballet. Its rep- carry a six-inch candle, and be one use wo yeais ago. ei caio jg designed for swiftness of equipped,with a box of candy to singing by the audience the pro- pace, replacing the old, slow-mov- oft’er any active member. Each gram will close with a Christmas ing themes of harem intrigues or member remains active for two sechoralogue written by W. B. Olds. French impressionism. mesters, but at the first meeting
of those early-war famous characters glamorized in “They Were Expendable” and other war books. PT Boats Saw Early Action Lt. Hamilton’s squadron made PT boat history long before major units of the U. S. fleet ever managed to go into action against the Japs. The work of the PT boats
game will see six varsity men from last year in action along ■with several members from the football team which closed a highly successful, season. It looms to be one of the most interesting games to be played on the spacious 5'ieldhouse court in the past few years.
Not this Year’s Tdam
The Purdue team which is not
disorganized the Jap supply lines
to such a point that they actually ««
brought about a turning point in the
southwest Pacific.
Included in their “bag” were en-
Hoffman, Bill Lodge, Jack Kennedy, Horn, Jack McPherson, Jack
, , . , Swantz, Paul Duffy Friend, Char-
emy barges, submarines and trans-
ports Hamilton and his men not j^odge, Kennedy, Haag,
only fought on the sea but landed and fought alongside the Army and
An acappella choir will form a Students will be admitted to the
of the semester it will be decided
Marines ashore. He was decorated a number of times for gallantry in
action.
Hamilton Now in Flight Training
At 8:58 yesterday morning at the railroad tracks behind the Chemistry Annex, 50 irate students were shouting furiously at an engineer as he cavorted his train back and forth, thereby preventing the enraged students from getting to their 9 o'clock class on time. On the other side of the busy train there wei’e no doubt as many breathless people haranguing the poor engineer. Modern language classes siiffered from the same train during their 9 to 10 classes when *it made so much noise that the person trying to recite could not be heard. Probably many of the industrious language students were sorry when the train was finally huffed and puffed
out.
Musical Purduettes To Entertain Dec. 8 Purduettes, campus melody group under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will entertain members of the annual conference of Agricultural Extension Service on December 8 in the Home Economics Building. Featured will be Dorothy Martin, accompanist and vocalist for the purduettes; William Luhman, glee-club accompanist, who will play “boogie woogie,” and Lucile Nitsche, dancer of the group. Special lighting effects will be handled by Fred Bauchwitz, Music Hall technician.
At an informal tea Thursday afternoon at the Pi Beta Phi house two senior sorority women received PanHellenic Council awards for achieving the highest scholastic record during the past year. Miss Marian Darr, scholastic chairman, presented the awards to Betsy Jansing, Kappa Kappa Gamma, experimental science group seventh term senior, and to Jean Thompson, Delta Gamma, eighth term senior in home economies. Mary Lou Sternberg, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Shirley Crawford, Pi Beta Phi, received honorable mention after Betsy Jansing, while Marselda Jacobs, Chi Omega science student, and Emily Lloyd, Kappa Alpha Theta pharmacy student, followed Jean Thompson. Pi Beta Phi sorority received the awai’d for having the highest chapter record of the year. The informal tea was to replace the large dinner usually given in the Union and was attended by alumnae, house directois and representatives of the eight national sororities on campus. R, C. Brundage . . . will consult next week with federal officials at the Central States Forestry Experiment Station in Columbus, Ohio. Plans will be made for cooperative work in forestry and conservation. /
musical background for the narra- convocation by passport, and Army Alpha Lambda shall retor of the choralogue, who will read and Navy trainees by recreation ^ social organization or only
the Christmas' story. The chora- card. Others may see the ballet honorary society, logue is divided into three episodes: by presenting season tickets or by 5-25 Index Requii’ed
Annunciation, Vision of the Shep- paying general admission of $1 plus Ariy girl who makes a scholastic herds and Visit of the Magi. tax ($1.10). (See ALPHA, page 3) induefees For Air Corps Receive Sixty Day Period Qf Conditioning Extensi^Dn of the basic training period for air forces inductees to a 60-day period of rigid
conditioning is described by the Lincoln Army Air Base’s AM. j
The basic training period for air forces men had been sharply reduced since the beginning of the war, particularly in 1942, when army men were being sent to technical schools. The new schedule places increased emphasis on marksmanship, as well as increased braining in military sanitation, malaria control and other fields. Ods m camouflage, chemical war*- section of the battalion discovered
Leading the attack of the V-12ers will be Sam Vacant!, quarterback of the football team and former Iowa varsity star. Other team-
On his return from the Pacific mates from the football team playtheater of war Hamilton was sent mg \vith,Vacanti are Chalmers Elon a speaking tour, then entered ijott and Herb Hoffman. Rounding flight training. He hopes, on re- qu^ j-gst of the navy s^uad are ceiving his wings, to return to the 'Walley, Schweizer, Raymond, Frawar_ zone, this time as a combat zier, Gustafson, Bohac and Halpin.
pilot or PT squadron leader.
A sui’prise feature between the
halves of the main game will be a free for all basketball game between the Gimlets and Reamers. Pi’oceeds from tonight’s affair will go toward? the support of minor sports and intramural athletics. University Men Attend Forum Praise was given to the University for work in construction at the
A substantial period is de- ^are and other types of drill and in the nick of time that they had voted to various phases of ^he Pf roll for the unit,
proximating those of field duty. so they were left behind, with in- ' structions to work all night and not Shorts: The Army’s Desert to touch a bit of food or water be-
marksmahship and firing, with the men receiving instruction in Ml’s, ’03’s, pistols, carbines, re-
Training Center has been renamed yond the allotted quotas, cross their
volvers, tommy guns and Browning the California-Arizona maneuver hearts. . . . Super-duper bulletin machine guns. area. ... A recent casualty is the board, maybe of the whole army. One part of the program is de- practice of censors adding “cute” is an airdrome squadron’s at Gulfvoted to field conditions, with men notes to the mail they pass on. The port Army Air Base, according to going out on field problems, firing War Department has expressly for- the News theie. It’sijtept as a sort for the record, pulling guard duty bidden it. ... A wrinkle in training, of magazine. Ten feet long, it inand otherwise receiving training in reported by the Camp Polk Armor- eludes pin-ups, a huge map of the phases of actual field work. reader—a 24-hour hardship test for world with pins for battle lines, imAn increased amount of time will the reconnaissance battalion of an portant headlines and stories on he spent on military sanitation, in- armored division stationed there. It war developments from latest availeluding a new couise in malaria included a long road march, no sleep able papers, aircraft recognition control. at all, and one K ration and one silhouettes and other trade business Also covered are extended peri- canteen per man. The personnel —and bulletins, orders and memos.
have served both in PT boats and aviation, two of the most dangerous and fascinating phases of the Navy. New Book Based on Exploits Lt. Hamilton is in training at the University under Lt. Comdr. E. G. Vetter, who was so impressed by the former’s exploits that he has written a graphic account in a new book titled “Death Was Our Escort.” The book depicts the hardships as well as the exploits of Hamilton and his contemporai'ies and
gives an excellent description of the highway research board’s 23d ansouthwest Pacific. nual meeting which is now being The convocation will be open to held in Chicago. A joint highway the public wjth no admission charge, research forum is in progress and
several University men are presenting papers. They include K. B. Woods, T. E. Shelburn, B. J. Belch-
j. TT i. T ui. • er, R. E. Frost, Charles Slesser and
. former Riveter lightweight McClelland.
The conference stresses research work as fundamental in highway construction and maintenance in the
future.
Major G. J. Dix
boxing champion, was awarded the Aid Medal for “Meritorious service in aerial flight over enemy occupied continental Europe.” Major Dix, whose parents reside in Sullivan, is operations officer of a Thunder-
bolt group stationed there. Besides the Air Medal, Major Dix
also wears the order of the Purple Heart for wounds received when an aircraft carrier on which he was be-
ing transported to Java was dive” will start promptly at 7‘.30, with bombed by the Japs, Mr. 'hnd Mrs. M. R. Zelle in charge.
Faculty Bridge Club . . . will hold their* second contest meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Monday evening. Play*1^
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, December 4, 1943
PUrdue Exponent ^ combined with Purdue Independent Offices ‘ Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spoif$, Ficidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial PHone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business Manag:er News Editor Manafirinfr Editor Sports Editors
EIIis Murphy Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Rn'imond J Smith» Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbott Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Grptnos Janits 1 Ricl ard on Maiparot Y htettes lamt Ncktrmnn I nnk V 3) Ih Muji Martha I ec Rijrjts Kat\ Hoam*? SotMcc Staff Morr s Bettor Gabriel Elns Leo Friedman lack Martirc laj Newman Business Staff Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Maney. t irculation Manager R G Sauerman Staff For This Issue Niftht Editor \ egli Day Editor Rippetoe (itj Editor Ford Issue Editor Donharo Sports Editor Wright Reporters Ober \ irgnr Bud Sttftos Goetz Maienschoin Fhimai Lewis D df^o Miner Jameson Mitchell Berquist Vai Li w Wiici Cic^or C i i rett Gold Lasley Hclftiich Billmgs Slroetrr Bru K Ku Maigolis Minci Kistnei 1 apharu) Btb 1 Ta nor Staff Fhotographer M C Tolber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana un lor the act of Congress of March S 1879 and at the special rate of postip-c provided for in aectior 3103 act of OcioUr 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thurs lay and Saturday morninsra dur ing the yea except cert i n vacat on periods Delivered daily by earner foi '^3 - f r i semest r by mail for $1 60 for a 8 mest r S b c ij tions m ly be obtained at the Exponent offic or t the West Desk of the Union R presorted for i alional advertising by National Advertis ng Sen ct I c C( lltge 1 ubhshcra Atepresentativea 4iS0 Madison Ave New York N Y
niie wAsyraoH Tfp Re? U S Pel Ofi. MIRRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON More Recognition Of Small Nations Important To Peace; Tax Bell Gets Casual Attention WASHINGTON—One lesult ol the Big Fom con feienees inaj be i gieatei piiticipation oi small na tions m the United Nations Councils Piesident Roose \elt IS known to advocate this Also he would like to shift the Council meetings iiom London to Wash
in^^ton
The idea ol greater recognition of little nations is based not onlj on fan ness and equitj, but also o nthe lact tint Latin American nations aic getting increas inglj hurt if not provoked, over being left out ol import int United N itions parleys \ large number of small nations are now belliger ents having declared wai against Germanj while at least two of them—Bi azil and Mexico—are strategi cally vital to the Aval M ithout Brazilian bases, foi instance it would be almost impossible to terry planes back and forth to North A.fuca with such lapid effi
ciencj
It was oiigmally pi innecl in rdvance conveisations (piioi to Moscow) between cx Undei Secietaiy of State Sumnei Welles and Roosevelt also between the Piesident and Chuichill to include smallei membeis ol the United Nations in an ovei all oiganization A smai ei com ol Gieit Biitain Russia, the United States and Ghini w is to aide the ovei all oiganization but the SI ions were to be iveiy definite and impoitint ]) u t tic set up Also it was planned to have United Nations head quaiteis in the i°shei moie idealistic atmospheie ot WashuKton not in the Old Woild itmospheie ot Lotidoii Sccietaiv Hull was not quite able to put these two ideas across it Moscow but the President s persuasive influence on Stalin ind Chui chill may do so He con sideis both items impoitant to getting a peimanent peace oiganization off with the light '•oot ioiwaid Tax Bill Hearings What should be one of the most impoitant tax bills in recent history is up foi haphazaid desultory Con giesbional discussion It will decide what piopoition of the war bill is to be passed on to the boys now fight mg ovciseas and to then childien Also, it will help decide whethei there will be inflation But despite its impoitancc the tax bill is being handled with biazen left handed Congiessional caie lessness as il most solons on Capitol Hill wcic com plctcly tax unconscious On the day afiei Secictaij Moigcnthau p,.esented his case at the ojiening of the tax healings bcfoie the Senate Finance Comn it+ee onlv two incmbeis of the committee—Chau man Gcoige ol Georgia and Sena toi M alsh ol Alassachusctts—attended the cntiic day s htumg A lew Rcpublicms diiltcd in iluiing the moininh -among them Michigan s Vandtnbuig But 111 the aftcinoon the two Dcmociats held the he rung
alone
It was a diovsv ts'-ion—lew questions asl ed Witnesses dioncd on In ihc Hoii e ol Pc]) escntitivcs the ti\ sessions weic 1 bit livcliei though not much The House pissed the t IV bill al tei one d iv oi llooi considei i tion and V ith veiy little debate Ihc ittitudc oi most f ongicssnien was that then h ui to he i 11\ bill — but m ike it as low aS jiossible The House W i\s and Means Committee gave moi c tunc and studj to ta ccs but on'j a handlul ol mem beis 1 cally woiled al the job Jhev included Noith (aiohna fhaiimin Doughton who ically knows ta^es rennesseea Jeie ( oopti one oi the best men on Inc committee Oklahoma s Ui nev also a ital ex put Viiguuas Lobeitson M iseoiisin s Wisitiewski and Kans is ( ai Ison Iliwcvci the lica uiy which believes in highci taxes w IS huicd fiom m my sessions Congiessnien wai ted no intciieicnce with then eonspiiacy to push tl jougn ihc injst painless tax bill in wai tunc histoiv Congressional Nepotism Stvciul inontiis igo this column rev<*alccl (hat Bill ( lunowctii liail been cpi (he* pavroll ol his lather Ktprcscntalive J 1 dtai ( htiioweth of f oloroda lor al most two ytais nlult altendiiig college in ( olorado and Vf asiuiij ton loday voung ( heiiowclh is no longer being paid for nol working in his lather’s oflitc However t heno wtlh Senior, didn t droji a stifeli in lus nepotism kiul ting Hardly had his son left the payroll when a
Women's Journalistic Hpnorary, Top ... In the last edition of the Exponent, an editorial appealed wondering why coeds oh the campus are excluded from running for office in the Gieen Pottei’s election There is still another issue to be bi ought before the students which IS primal ily of interest to the coeds That is the idea of starting a lournalism honoraiy for women For years Puidue has had the Sigma Delta Chi, men’s lournalistic honorary, but no recognition has been given to women outstanding in the field of wilting Such honoiaries are common in libeial arts schools such as the Univeisities of Wisconsin, Northwestern and Indiana Purdue is not a liberal aits school, but more emphasis placed on the arts could not be detrimental The national women’s lournalism society is Theta Sigma Phi It was founded at the Univeisity of Washington in 1909, since then, chapters have been established at many institutions The purpose of the honorary is to confer the proper honor upon those college-trained women who are engaged in or who propose to engage m the profession of journalism, and to further social life while on the campus and after graduation Membership m this honorary is the highest honoi to be achieved by women journalists Theta Sigma Phi chapters already established at universities have as their objectives the impi ovemeni of working conditions of women of that profession and to inspire individuals to gf eater effort They sponsor traditional dinners, many for Sigma Delta Chi, men’s journalistic honorary, sponsor journalism scholarships , give ring awards to the outstanding seniors, and sponsor dances and banquets War has caused many changes at the Umveisity One change has been the coeds taking ovei the jobs previously held by the eds on University publications Alter the war gills will be discontent to take a back seat such as was their position before the war They are going to demand to be on an equal with the men in the field of journalism A society such as this would create more Intel est in writing, thus giving coeds a greatei incentive for journalistic work on campus and peihaps journalistic professions after the wai At any rate is is an honorary worth investigating Puidue needs a Theta Sigma Phi as well as any liberal arts school
daughter, Wanda, was inserted in the job at $1,800 a year a $600 raise Congiessman Chenovveths case is only one out of many on Capitol Hill Here’s the loll call on other House members who have relatives billeted on the
taxpayers
Representative Paul Stewait of Oklahoma—a step daughtei Mai y Ellen Smith gets $3 200 a yeai pi at tically half of his yeaily cleik hue allowance Representative Albeit E Caitei of Califoima—His wife Maiy Lee Caitei, is paid $2 300 a yeai loi vvoik mg in his office ottasionally Representative Haiiy Dwoishak of Idaho—Mis Dvvorshak is a $1 200 a yeai assistant Repiesentative John S GiBson of Georgia—Mis Gibson listed on his payioll as ‘Jimmie’ Gibson, is paid $3 000 a year by the taxpayers NOTE With puces high and not even a Little Steel foimula salaiy inciease foi Congiessmen, many an Al legislator is finding it hard to educate his chil dien and live on his Congressional salaiv Washing ton IS one of the most expensive cities m the countiy in which to live Soldiers' Overseas Vof’e Admmistiation leaders used every pailiamentaiy tuck in the book to defeat the Budges amendment to the soklieis vote bill—an amendment which gives the Demociatic and Republican National Committees a voice m the selection of the Ballot Commissioncis Admmistiationites aigued that the amendment was a “leflection” on the President ihc day before the amendment was adopted by the Senate its author Republican Senator Budges of New Hampshiie tued to lailioad a vote when there were only eight Democrats on the flooi Senator Scott Lucas ol Illinois co authoi ol the vote bill, suggested the absence ot a quoium However the quoium call failed to bung moie than fouiteen Demociats to the Senate flooi So Lucas played his next card He demanded individual “yeas and nays ’ on the vote This would give Demociatic colleagues who were attending committee meetings time to declaie themselves Senate Republicans, who outnumbeied Democi ats 2 to 1 opposed the motion but the piesid ing officer Demociatic Senatoi Einest McFailand of Aiizona nonetheless ojdeied a ‘yea and nay’’ vote This stiategy cn ibl^d many absentee Demociats to get to the flooi anef the Budges amendment was licked by a tie vote, 33 to 33 Afterwards Senatoi Al thill Vandenbeig Michigan Republican whoappie ciatos pailiamentaiy Jegeidemain even in an oppo nent walked ovei to McFailand and, gunning, said, Senatoi, let me congiatulate you on yoiu eyesight ’ (Copyiight 1943 hy United Featuie '=iyndicate Inc)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus: The Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Okla —Decembhl 9 Interested in EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemi',ts (B S , M S , Ph D ) Cainegie-Hhnois feteel Coip , ChU cago, 111 —Tuesd?iy, December 7 Intel ested in Met, P S E , M E , E E , and C E Zenith Radio (oip, Chicago, 111 —Fiiday, Decembei 10 Interested in EE Corn Products Refining Company, Algo 111—Puclay, Decembei 10 Interested m draft exempt men, and women with B S , M S , oi Ph D m Chemistiy or Chemical Engineei mg Eastman Kodak Co , Rochestei 4, N Y ■—Date of visit to be announced latei Intel ested in EE, ME, Ch E , Chemistiy, Physicists, 4 F men, and women in business admin istiation, accounting statistics, and women with secretaual tiaming Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Decembei 10
Mudball hey clki once i heard some students gupmg the other day that they were leading a dog’s lile what’s wiohg with living a dog’s life all my dog evei does is sleep all day and chase w abbits all night love rnudhall <
“^^'nTgomg to write my gal and break our engagement—^when this IS over, I never want to eat out of tin cans again ”
University Calendar
Saturday, December 4 7 30 P M Basketball—Intel Squad Game Fieldhouse
Alpha
(Continued fiom page 1) index of 5 25 in either semester of her freshman year becomes a member of Alpha Lambda The pledges this seniestei aie Jean Leei, Mil died Maple, Mary Louise Haymak ei, Doiothy Doddiidge, Betty Kat zenbeig Mrige Steck Ruth Klaus meiei Olivei Peteison Avalyn Lane, Juanica Gaiiett, Lauiie Wear, Mai gene Fawbush Jean Buinham, Julianne Reed Cleo DeKay Shiiley Eldiidgc, Maiy Maigaiet Beitsch and Mis Doiothy Benzei
JhsL QhwudhsA, St Maiy’s Catholic Chinch 12th and Columbia Rev Edward Holland, Student Pastor 6 30 8 00 9 30 11 00—Miss 3 00 5 45 and aftei 7 15 on Sat in day—Confessions
Mixer Backdrop Theme To Feature 'Old Oaken Bucket' ‘ Old Oaken Bucket” will be the theme of the student mixei back chop tonight in the mam balliooms of the Union fiom 9 to 12, an nounced Betty Cantley co chan man in charge of publicity The backdrop m the south ballioom will pay tiibute to the winning football team and is earned out in gold and 1)1 rck — Pat Haiywoods band featuiing Maltha Millei will play foi couple dancing m the noilh ballroom Low ell Meade with Betty Hilton as singer will play m the south ball loom where stags will be allowed
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie interested m students for employment Holley Carburetor Co, Detroit Mich —Interested in ME ■—Re search and Development Sign bv Decembei 4 National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, Langley Field, Hampton, Viiginia—Interested in A E M E , C E Sign by Decembei 4 Ken Rad lube & Lamp Corp, Owensboio Ky—Intel ested in M E , and E E Sign by December 10 SocoUy-Vacuum Oil Co, Pauls boio, N J—Interested in B S or M S Ch E Sign m Personnel Office by Friday, Dec 10 Sherwin Williams Co , Chicago, III—Interested in B S Ch E Sign 111 Personnel Office bj Piiday, De cembei 10
Notices !»■ Ddta Tau Della All Dtlts in the armeiJ ft rces stationed on the campus art irwiteil to (1 op ovti at the hois ti call 1)021 in the ncai fntiut. so i stt toi,tthei palfv can be planned rHANlCS WAA Connell mtetinp: Mon lay at 4 p m Dte 0 in WAA offiqe BRACKMAN Mathematics Condition Txaminations to lemove eondit) tns in mathem itics will be Sivtn on Saturday Decembei 4 at 1 “10 p m in r om Z18 Reeitati n BuildinK Dtt I ermits to take examination al the miitht m Itics office m t Jatei thin 11iday Dec 4 at 1 p m AYRES Ushers antj Ticket Takers Money may be fltainid at ticket offiet startini, Dec 2 wendEu Pla>shop Ushers Impoitant mectimt for all will wish to usher foi the Dec 9 10 t r II peiformances Mextint, on Wldnestlay Catalyst Club Meetmir election 11 pledtes Wednesday Dee 8 al 10 p m in Chem eal and Metallui Bieal rnirineermi, builditiB Hove itc mmendati n s in b> ruesday noon GAU>a Catalyst Club Si ec al iieetim, Thuihlav Dee b at 4pm in the Chimieal and Meti lIiiiBical Fnt,inc lint, buildinR GAUNT Reamers Ackerman i. eommitlec will meet it west baski t at ( p m Saturday niirht ACKERMAN
Attention Men in ASTP Teims 5 and 6), NCTP (Teims 7 and 8) Carnegie-Hlinois Steel Corpora tion, Chicago 111—Inteiested in Met, PS E ME EE, and CE service men Sign m Peisonnel Of fice by 3 p m Monday Decembei 6 Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Classified Ads
Mon^y to Loan—On diamonds watohei Kuns luffgage typcwutcis Alboits loan Office 40” Columbia Typewriters—Adding machines all makeU old renttd repaiied and purchased Mimeo graph woik done C P Ebeishoff 605 Mulp Lafayette Phone 27(9 Lost—Loir I og Dm 1 x Decitrig Slide Rulf Itcwiud Gall 2^46 Jack Miller Lost—Cuivfd t(m i le in BiQWHinff Rot m bin] i c ill ”016 Richaid Smith
Ijniversitj Presbyterian Church North Street near Grant Rev lohn W Findley Minister 9 30—The class studying the Gos pel oi Matthew under the leader ship of Di G H Giaves will meet in the lounge The class is continu . mg the study of the Gospel by Matthew 10 30—Moiiiing Woiship Music furnished by the choii will include “Beautiful Savioi” by Chiistiansen Ml Findley’s topic will be “Kings ” 4 30-—The Session of the Chinch will meet in the lounge 5 00—Eieiiing Fellowship with informal recreation supper at 15 cents a plate, and a discussion The subject will be “Why Does God Pei mit Evil ’ ’ 7 00—Vospei SeiviCG 7 10 to 11 on Friday—Paity There will be organized recreation and dancing
Wesley Foundation C orner State and Sheetz Streets Rev E R Balsley, Minister 9 30—Student Class 10 40—Moining Seivice 10 40—Morning Service Di Steele s subject will be “The Evei lasting Chi 1st” The anthem is to be ‘ O My Soul Bless God the Fa thei ’ Di W S Gillam will sing a solo Out oi the Deep ” 5 15—Fellowship suppei 6 00^—Discussion 7 00—Closing worship
SsJUlioL SiAipM.
Lt. Samuel Garrigues toimei student ol the University has been pio moted to the i ml ot captain He is stationed at Sol man I leld Monioc La, whcie he is assistant an
inspectoi
He was commissioned i second lieutenant and w,is awaidcd navigitoi’s wings at Juinei 1 leld Albany, Ga , in January ol last yeai
Hillel I oundation 116 Sheetz Street Rahbi M H Simon 10 30—Moining Woiship The SCI vice will be conducted by one of the At my tiainceo, Pvt Lionel Rebhun Rabbi M H Simon will
speak
5 00—Cost suppei and a discus Sion piogiam lollowing
LUMA Starts TOMORROW i in Coffimar^
r"-|^
iS I
MnmsTtt — NOW PLAYING —
HIT OF
— LAST TIMES TODAYGENE AUTRY SMILEY BURNETTE — in — "IN OLD MONTEREY" — Pius —
From the celebrated Novel by feRNEST HEMINGWAY Stiffing GARY COOPER INGRID BERGMAN
W Ih
Akim Tamiroff • Arluro de Cordova Joseph Calleia ond Katlno Paxinou
Produced ond
Directed
Sam Wood
St John’s Episcopal (lunch Sixth and Fcny Rei R r I hornton, Rectoi ^ 8 00 i m —Holy Communion 10 45—Holy Communion The music will include “Jesus Word ot God by Gounod, and the seimon topic IS Holy Bible^Plan and Dc sign ol the New ”
—ADMISSIONS— MATINEE (except Sunday) All Seats 75c U S Armed Forces In Uniform 50c EVENING Mam Floor Jo Balcony 75c U S Armed Forces in Uniform 75c FEATURES 1 13 3 55 6 37 9 19
NOT TO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR ADULT DANCING CLASSES BEGINNER'S WED , DEC 8th ADVANCED THURS , DEC. 9th 7.00 P M. ADULT TAP CLASSES PRECEDE OUR BALLROOM CLASSES
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MlllER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
MARS NOW SHOWING
iSVO'RIFiY.ING pc
EOMiiin'IC ijpIOUEEI^
ISPIEIT
ALLEN'S — 6f’h and Ferry Sfs.
Sweeping aorosa the acieeo tfth breath taking dramatic Lenaity'^ “‘““r“ “the heritage oi Amer.cW pioneer heroism «“• .^ortal.zlng the ^ conquered the earth lor th* women they loved to pulse quickening Ulo W rbBlhantstarcrowdedj.^X
JNf ^
The Pin-Up Girl (Dear to Every Heart of the Male Sex) Asks You to Do Your Christmas Shopping Early This Year WRAP EARLY! SHOP EARLY! MAIL EARLY! Loeb’s bring you all star gift accessories in their best Christmas tradition. Maybe not every single gift you had expected to find . . . but something wonderful for everyone on your list. / Start shopping on the Street floor . . . filled with articles of national renown/quality products, yet moderately priced. Then take the elevators to the 4th Floor and shop down the specious aisles for gifts for the home, follow the stairway to the 3rd Floor for another collection of charming gifts for the liome. On the 2nd Floor are magnificent collections of wearing apparel for your dream girl and mother too. Toyland is located in the Downstairs Store. Should you get lost in the shuffle, don’t despair . . . there’s always someone there to aid you in your selections. Loeb’s a friendly store . . . has been for over seventy years.
landstand Echoes By Ray Smith BASKETBALL TONIGHT Those who wend then way up to the Fieldhouse tonight aie going to be rewarded with two good basketball games, among members of this yeai’s vaisity candidates Ihe first of the Reamer sponsored contests will get undei way at 6 30, and will pit a oivilian-V 12 team against an all V-12 five Most of the playeis appealing m this game aTe thos6 who reported fate for the team because of football practice. In the following encounter a similar pair of teams will meet in a game that is slated to get under way about 7 30.
GAMES IMPORSANT TO COACHES, PLAYERS 'We haveIbeefi watching the teams piactice this week, and we tan say that theie is a lot of fighting foi vaisity positions going on even duiing ordinary practice sessions Since the regtilai season gets stalfed next Saturday, Coach Lambert has only one week in Which to choose his s'^arthigr'fiVe '^'For this leaSon peiformances in tonrght’s'fckmes will weigh heavy Whep, the decision is finally made The playCis realizing this ale mtendidg to give their very best to show the coach how good they^ate under ftre * jf nd< f 11 t BOILERMAKERS GET NATIONAL FAME A^Sife'Icall tgpms ^re staiimg^to loll oht from all paits of the na tiort now, and Purdue playeis afe being given caieful consideration in most cases Bill Stein’s choice appearing in Look Magazine places Alex Agase on the first eleven, with Biltlfovich and BarWegen on the second team Stem watched the Boilei makers in actihn against Gieat Lakes and Ohio States t 0 1
NATIONAL FOOTBALL POLL ^'1‘lle^rie'cent iresu'ltJ o:^ Ihe national football standing did not exactly me4b with oui approval, especially when the Riveteis, the only majoi tshdefektcd, nrttied team in the countiy, wound up the season in fifth placet Since the ratings weie annCUnced, we have been thinking about the diethod in which the teams aie lated As fai as we aie concerned it is nnt possible foi a peison to judge the ability of a team without having seen it in action, and that is what is done in the national poll We will aglee that the method used seems to be the only piactical one, but we wondei about the aecuiacy of its results The same thing will be tiue about most of the all-star teams that aie chosen viiteis will place men that they have not seen play, meiely becaPse that individual has accu mulated a large amount of publicity, of which he may oi may not be deseivmg Prom oui obseivations we would say that the most important factor in attaining national honors is publicity
HERE AND THERE A story in the Camp Hood newspaper says that Hank Stiam is keeping in football shape by playing touch football until the war is ovei and he can rethin to Purdue The Big Ten voted to maintain a full schedule of sports during the winter and spring The Hot Stove baseball league is'in full swing with trade minors floating around the major leagues The ban on PE and Intramural contests during this week will probably mean that the season will be reduced in order to complete the play offs befoi e the semester ends
Buy War Bonds knA Stamps
GIFTS FOR HIM
Whether THE man you are shopping for is on the home front or in the armed forces you are sure to find HIS gift at ROSENTHAL'S.
See Our Complete Selection I of Gifts.
ROSENTHAL’S 322 MAIN STREET
Let COSTLIER LEATHERS and FINER SHOEMAKING tell their own story in MASTER-FITTER SHOES
One of Ihe fines! shoes afoot k . . for civilians or men In the service It takes masterful shoemaking and cosily leathers to give a “Plain Toe" such character. Select Norwegian Calfskin, plump and pliant Protective double welt Be sure of fit k . . 9«t MASTER FITTERS
\ \
X-RAY FITTINGS
A. B. C. Shoe Co.^ Inc.
406 Main St.
badgers Renew Court Rivalry At Marquette Madison, Wis—A state iivaliy on the basketball courts that dates back 25 years will have its annual renewal heie today when the Univeisity of Wisconsin meets Mai quette Univeisity in the fiist of then 194 3 44 two game'senes Despite waitime cuts in the lanks of inateiial and veteians, this yeat’s battles should be the same haulfought affans as in the past Mai quetfe has but two legulais back flom last season, Bill Chandlei Ji , sort of the Hilltop coach, who plays both foiwaid and guaid and How aid Kallenbeigei, a high scoiing forwaid The lemaindei of the Hilltoppeis’ fiist quintet is made up of Call Wiesnei, a fiosh fiom Mil Waukee, Bill Downey, who meas uies 6 feet 6 inches and was a le serve last yeai and Chuck Polzin, a newcomei who plays guaid and hails flom Mosinee Against such a staiting lineup, Coach “Bud" Foster of the Badgeis can start a team composed ot two letter winners and three leseives from last veai The Wisconsin coach has centeied most of his at tentlon on this all civilian five which is comtiosed of Ray Pattei son, Veteran center, Des Smith and Bill Lovshm, both reserve forwards last year, and A1 Rysei and Bill Johnson, guards Johnson won a “W" last season The Badgers seem better fixed for reserve power, in fact some of the second stringers have been coming so fast that they may soon rate vai sity berths despite Fostei’s hopes of keeping the fiist five all civilians Of these newcomei s, Glen Selbo a freshman fiom LaCiosse, has shown great possibilities, as has Gene Matthews, fiom Green Bay Both these boys are guaids At center, Leland O’Brien, a naval trainee on the campus and last year a performer with Marietta College, is a big powerful player who excels tin defense play Clarence Dyk stia fiom Racine has looked good at forwaid and Bob Gallagher cap tain elect of Cornell University, is a great fiont line shot maker Gal lagher is also a navy trainee at the university The Badgeis and Hilltoppeis will meet again in Milwaukee on De cembei 18 but that tilt may find the Badger coach short handed due to a navy ruling on tiavel foi paitici pants in spoits Howevei, other re serve material may come along fast enough to give the Wisconsin legii lais lests in the hard contests that are usually fought between the two schools Football Fans Pictures of the Purdue-Indiana and also the Purdue Great Lakes games will be shown Monday night at 7 30 in the Music Hall Admission will be free Radio Stage To Air Menace From Mars Radio Stage will piesent its legulai Saturday atteinoon peifoim anee ovei station WBAA today at 1 p m The play is entitled “The Black Deacli’’ The stoiy concerns a teiiifying menace fiom the planet Mais and the successful effoits ot a newspaper correspondent to solve the mystery
Hiitipn Harriffj Basketball Squa(|E In Contests Today j Now that Michigan has closed a highly successful 15^4 3 football son, athletic attention has ahdied to basketball The Michigan Version of the game will he exIitbHetl tonight m Yost Fieldhouse Tfee opposition for the Wolverines m tlie openei will be furnished by Central Michigan The WoUeiine coach Bennie Osteibaan does not have the full schedule foi rclea'^e as yet, but he expects to be able to give it out some time next week Among the games which have been definitely scheduled aie two contests with Western Michigan numerous service contests and a full slate of Big Ten teams Service Mfn Lsed The Wolveiines aie expecting to fill then basketball squad from the same pool that served their grid11 on squad '=0 well, namely, the sail01 s and maimes Of the entire Vfolveiine squad this yeai the service men claimed ovei half of the top ranking positions In addition to these the squad will also be bolsteied by Bob Wiese, Dave Strack and Don Lund leturnmg letter winners of last season Osteibain is expected to start Paton Thompson, Shtider, Stiacfc and Lund in tonight’s contest. Wiese Weils and Oxen are also expected to see considerable action. This game will maik the first meeting between these two teams Track Starts Today also maiks the first appearance of *he 1943 Michigan tiack squad in the foim of some rntia squad '’ompetition between fhe civilian and service membeis of the squad Thiee foimei champions will be competing with civilians They aie Bob Utei, woild record holdei and champion of the indoor 440 John Roxboiough, half mile champion and Ross Hume, mile titihst The Wolverines aie last season’s indooi and outdooi track champions 'Eigie' Eigenmann Added To PE Staff Meet the newest addition to the phcsical education department, E. J “Eigie” Eigenmann His wfork is in a new department, one which cooidiiiates the advice of the health seivice with the activities of the physical education department. Eigie is well tiained foi these new duties coming here altei being dilectoi of physical education at Ottumw a, la , foi 33 veai s Through his office loom 207 in the Fieldhouse, come all army, navy and civilian students who aie incapacitated in some foim or other and can’t take the legulai PE 12. To these students he gives advise on how to collect then difficulties. He assigns special exeicises for all kinds of ailments liom heait tiouble to flat feet Right now, however, his biggest problem is the common cold against which good hjgiene is the best weapon, though it seems haid to convince everyone ot the fact \heady thiee or four liiindied Tame ducks” pass thiougfa his oftice daily but he states that he IS well equipped to handle many
«.. it*s D6W! ... ifs yOlir stay-on-lmger lipstick! ...ifs an Eisenberg Original!
Wonderful new lipstick Smooth... easy-to-put on ... scented delicately with your favorite Exatement perfume by Eisenberg And you’ll love its brave, red, patriotic luate case... so smooth in your hand' Shades are LIGHT, MEDIUM, DARK, TRANSPARENT (for just a hght touch of color) Sold, like Eisenberg Originals, only at (your store) in (your city). Priced
$1.30 plus Federal Excise Tax
Palais Rouqj■i
m
Ml'
f
\
li'iS
SaturSay^ December 4
No Parking Hazards at Southworth s
Free Parking Directly Across the Street
INQUIRE ABOUT OUR COMPLETE WRAPPING SERVICE
Christmas Comes First...AND OUR DOWNSTAIRS GIFT SHOP OFFERS A
For HER Jewelry Hankies Cosmetics Boudoir Boxes Musical Powder Boxes Dresser Sets Manicure Sets
For the HOME Lamps Pictures Mirrors Shadow Boxes Gilts in Wood and Crystal For the KIDDIES Stuffed Toys Games Dolls Woodettes
For HIM Smoking Accessories Bill Folds Robinson Reminders Linen Handkerchiefs Bar Accessories Shaving Kits Desk Supplies
SEE OUR SERVICE MEN'S CANTEEN The latest in insignia jewelry, portfolios, and the practical gifts for those in the armed forces. Inquire about our complete wrapping services.
Soufhworth’s Downstairs Gift Shop
BBmBBWMMaiW
SojuikwDMLPg'BBiiB
' a V
.1
f..
Sai^day, SecSnBet S, l94S
lUl
i^ur^uS Eieponent
i PagSS
SDX Atlhounces First Results Massive Drum Returns To University
CoX4 Band Clad In New Skin, Paint Job
From King, Queen Balloting
Meetings of the annual conference of the Indiana Agricultural Extension Service have been sehed-
' By Jim Wendell
With the, first tabulars in for the choosing of the Riveter’s Rassle King and Queen, Dick uied for four ''days starting TuesButsch, Gintlet president, and Mike Kasap, of football fame, lead the men for the |tonors of according to Prof. L. E. Hoflfthc monarch, while Marion Lively, Kappa, and Marge Libbert, Pi Phi, are-leadjng the race for (^p^rt^ent agriculture the female ruler. The balloting which ends this coming Wednesday afternoon Jias been very ' Tuesday, December 7, the slow up to date. Only 18,3611/2 votes have been cast for the rulers.of'^he Biassle, which is conference win hold its first meet-
scheduled to come off a week from tonight, or in case you can not figure, December 11. The person who has been stuffing the ballot box for Butsch please notice: the SDX members wish that you would change your brand of paper, as the
IL
Wisconsin University Chih Li Comes Students Attempt To UniversiiY To Join Labor Unions ror Degree
ing at 1 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, the program starting with music directed by A. P. Stewart. At 1:16 Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, will speak. Following Dr. Elliott’s address, Reuben Brigham, assistant director of extension for the United States Department of Agriculture, will discuss “The
General Food Situation.”
Hold Annual Dinner
J. G. Bottum of the University
Gimlet initiation, however. “Battle- . .~ ship” Mike'Kasap has amassed 1400 ^ <=«"stitution adopted, officers
Exponent cannot be printed on bath- . . „ , m .-i,.-, t • • -i room cleenex. If the balloter must American Federation of Mo Chih Li, 1931 civil engineer use this type, please try to get a Working Students, labor union for graduate of the University, is back
better grade of material. So far working students on a campus, has in this country to study new meth- agricultural economics department Dick has received 2,166% votes, been organized at the Univei’sity of ods of road construction which may will speak, and at 4:30 there will Most of these came in befwe the Wisconsin. Plans have been worked be used in China after the war. annual meeting of Epsilon
Sigma Phi, extension workers’fra-
Prof. Li reported that his univer- ternity, in the we^t faculty lounge
elected and the group has voted to sity, now named National Tsing of the Union, followed'by a Farmjoin the A. F. of L. if possible. Hua University, has been bombed ^ers Institute workers’ dinner. Founded in ^rder to raise wages, out of two locations and is now at The sessions of the Indiana COun-
Lively ahead with 2060 marks, while better the working conditions and Kumming where 3000 students are Agents’ Association Marge Libbert holds second with place students in better jobs, the . • ^ j- meet in the faculty lounge of 1,664. Someone slipped up on the American Federation of Working their studies. the Union Tuesday evening at 7:30.
bhllots for when they were counted Students is the first student labor Prof. Li, having already acquired Faculty to Report
Thursday morning it was found organization to apply for a charter his master s degree and his doctor- Other speakers on subsequent
By Al Tavcnor It required a big bull session to do it, but after a three-year wait the big bass drum of the University Military Band has at last regained its head. — Probably very few students on the campus have had occasion to hear the big drum in action, for during the 1940 gridiron campaign the massive drum head split due to rapid changes in atmospheric conditions. Up until now no drum manufacturer has been able to supply a skin capable of covering the massive structure. Towers Eight Feet in Height And little wonder—for the huge instrument towers eight feet in height and is a mere four feet wide. Although there has been some disagreement during the 22 years of
action” shortly before being damaged in 1940, the huge existence, it is probably one of 8-foot bass drum of the University Military Band will soon be back in ^ arges i no e argest rum
Shown
working condition after a three-year layoff, of the largest of its kind in the world.
The $1,200 instrument is one
counters to take second lead. In the femme line, the Kappa Exponent workers pushed Marion
that Marge Vaughn had one more with a national labor group, than her twin sister Mary. They Committee Gathered Statistics have garnered 1201 and 1200 re- A special labor investigation comspectively. mittee gathered statistics on the So far only one-half of the cir- necessary'wages required by a stu-
UAA To Show Green Pollers Football Movies Reply To Coeds' Monday Night Queries On Voling
ate, is now working on his profes- ^ays of the conference will be Dr. sional dep-ee and will be here soon Gladys Gallup, who will speak on
to take his examination for this dp “Neighborhood Leaders, Their will show movies of the Purdu@-In-completed his thesis place in 1944 Extension Work”; Dr. diana and also the Purdue-Great
. J. .. i _ ,,, , . ®st6y, head of the history, eco- Lakes games Monday at 7:30 p. m. cular file ih the Exponent office has dent putting himself through school as his subject. Vrot. Li has ^qj^Ics and government depart- the Music Hall. There will be no been filled. The circular file, or and revealed the maximum number cci over is pa severa pp ments, will discuss “The Post-War admission charge.
and besides his teaching is a high- Financial Policies of the United
in the world today.
Hopes had been raised that perhaps the drum would be back in action for the fall gridiron program, but it was not until a few short weeks ago that the Leedy Manufacturing Company of Elkhart, Ind., condescended to supply a covering for the brain child that they had created for Prof. Paul “Spotts” Emrick, director of bands,
in 1921.
Shipped Last Week to Maker Necessary arrangements were
concerning freshmen girls being made and last week a vigilant grouy represented on the Green Potter of band detail workers, supervised Board, Jim Jennings and Bill Mets- by the staff bf officers, began the
University Athletic Association In reply to the editorial Thursday
ker, co-chairmen in charge of Green tc<Jicus and tricky job of removing
more commonly called waste bas- of hours a student could spend on . . , . .. , , ket, at the west desk has run over outside work without hindering his engineer in his native land
only twice ..which is not enough for studies. Affiliation with the A. F,
the two days of balloting.
The game with Great Lakes was
Potters election, offer this explan-
the dram from the basement of the
„ States”; and Dr. Robert Phillips of * ' Hall of Music to a truck for shipHe repSrts that material and the history^ economics and govern- flayed before service men only and ation. Elkhart. Driven by Band
- - --P Article one of the- constitution Captain John Anderson, the trip
of L. has had to await the national equipment are the big problems of ment deparements, whose subject ^fgtoe ^^This'^game^^s^oifsidAccording to Ellis Murphy, presi- meeting of that organization, at road building in China, not labor, will be “Problems of Post-War In- be the best Tame
dent of Sigma Delta Chi, each vote which time it is hoped that ar- All the Chinese heed in the war is ternational Organization.” played by the Boilermaker squad
must be on a separate piece of pa- rangements “may be made by a con- more armament, and his nation On Wednesday and Thursday season per and when more than one vote stitutional amendment, whereby could raise any army of 20,000,000 there will be sectional meetings of
is cast they must be bound togeth- students will be offered an oppor- easily if it could lie equipped,
er. Do not let this worry you—if tunity to join the national organiza-
there more than one vote on- a tion at reduced fees. TtlOmfOn SpCdRS
states: “Membership shall be extended to all duly registered freshman men of the University.” This seems to be the first objection raised
was made without calamity and rumor has it that the drum will be back as an active member of the
band in a matter of weeks. Two years after Prof. Emrick
the
piece of paper they will be counted too, as the other members of SDX realize there is a paper shortage. In fact, so does the president, after seeing the number of ballots cast. All he could say was “Is that all?” The voting as it now stands for
King is:
Dick Butsch . . .
21661/2
Mike Kasap
1400
Bill Gross .
957
Ed Timm
940
Gabby Elias ....
742
Jack Swantz
. 448
Jack Abbett
367
Al Lindskoog
365
Jack Heinz
296
John Woolling
174
The prospective queens nave the
Extension School Of Jasper County To Aid Farmers
At Town Meeting Thursday Evening
various groups for further discus- Past custom has been to show , ,, , -
sion. Director H. J. Reed and C. pictures of any games in the Union by the women to the type of repre- made his initial request for the
W.' Jones of Sears, Roebuck & Co. ballroom. However, with the ball- sentation required by
will figure in the meeting Friday ?t)oms b6ing used to serve the Potter constitution. „ • • t j-
armed forces, this practice has been . ^ Fair in Indianapolis. During the discontinued and as a result there change the interlude an extensive “cow hunt’' has been no public showing of away constitution for the present elec- had ensued for skins measuring 100
Green drum in 1919, the enormous affair made its debut at the Indiana State
morning.
from home games this season.
Farm Forum To Air
Hog School Next Week Association
tions, but the Student Senate and inches in length, a lot of “bull” in the newly elected Green Potter man s language. The Kingan
Meat Company at last solved the
board will give the matter every
consideration.
Farm Forum, a regular noon-
Offers Scholarship For Optometrist
“Are we fighting to rid the world of racism?” was the question dis-
First extension school of winter cussed by Dr. G. R. Thornton of the hour program of WBAA, will feaseason was held yesterday in Jas- education and applied psychology ture the Hoosier Hog School of the per County to supply information department at the Thursday even- Air Monday., Wednesday and Friwhich will help farmers meet food ing meeting of the University Town day, in connection with the agriculproduction goals. Meeting held at the Wesley Pound- tural extension conference activi--
Since there have been more re- ation. The meeting was opened by ties.
quests for extension schools than Rev. E. R. Balsley. in addition to the hog school, in scholarship to study optometry to continue physical education for sturegular University specialists can Dr. Thornton noted in his speech which 2748 are enrolled, the radio one student who has completed onn ^nd cspivicp mpn for one wppk
Recently the University has been notified that the Indiana Association of Optometrists will offer a
problem with two “wrappings” from South American bulls. Work Began on Case Nor was the task yet finished, for then work began constructing the seven-foot shell to encase the skins. The drum sides were made of hard vulcanized fiber reinforced with about five strips of hard sugar
maple.
, , , . „ , A massive drum stick was also
dents and service men for one week
Dr. Miller Givei Aids In Preventing Colds
It has been deemed wise to dis-
handle, several members of the ag- that not all American soldiers farm service includes interviews year of college work. The scholar- beginning December 2 and includ- ® drum, and the tl riculture teaching and research know what they are fighting for. with agricultural authorities, Indi- ship is worth $300 for the first year, December 9 because of a mod- ovation that greeted the
2060 1654 1201 1200 1111
. . 367
following number of votes:
Marion Lively Marge Libbert Marge Vaughn Mary Vaughn Carol Wilbur. Rosemary Oesch
Dusty Rhodes .... ^ Maggie Grotnes Martha Lee Riggs Jean Gibson ... Pat Harding
In the wee hours of the night the adding machines were busy trying to figure out the number of votes. After this was done, the reporters tried to find new angles for the story. When he asked one of the female reporters for the news editor’s phone number, the funeral home was given him. This was very discouraging. The next phone number brought the Kappas out of bed
staff have consented to give time According to a poll taken of high anapolis market I'eports and latest and $900 if it is i-enewed through-
to farm help programs. Those who school students about 70 per cent agricultural news
directed the one-day Jasper County of them indicated they thought the meeting were Prof. G. D. Scarseth, was being fought for liberty, head of the agionomy depai-tment; democracy and other American Prof. J. W. Schwab of the animal ideals, proving that young people husbandry department and Prof, are strongly in favor of an idealMiller, agricultural economics. istic interpretation of the present
To enable farmers to attend ex- war, stated Thornton.
361 schools in spite of gas and Continuing by enumerating what
349 208
tire rationing, several meetings other governments are fighting for, were held in different parts of the -pbornton concluded his talk by list-
Debris Offers Students Opportunity To Vote For New '44 Cover
out the course.
In addition the association has
tial listeners was overwhelming. A smaller stick was therefore produced for band work. Various carriages have carted the drum around the country with the band, the earliest being an early, model Ford
county.
War Fund Drive Goes Over $106,000 Mark; Campaign Ends Soon
erate epidemic of respiiatory dis-
eases.
In order to aid students in pre-
presenfed each college hbraiy with venting and cuiing colds Dr. Miller a copy of Wilbur Bracket’s “Story has given the following advice:
of Optometry” so that students in- i. Proper clothing should be chassis. When loaded the drum terested in entering the profession worn in wet and cold weather. This stood a full nine feet off the ground, may obtain a background of infer- includes hats and caps, rubbers, ga- Returned for Repairs mation. University guidance coun- loshes, raincoats, top6oats and over- Three years after its debut the selors have received full informa- coats in wet and cold weather. drum was returned to Leedy for tion in regard to the association s 2. Moderately warm baths fol- repairs in the form of new flesh
For the first time in the history scholarship. lowed by cool ones, taken before re- hoops around which the skins were
ing the recent actions taken by the Debris students will be allowed^ Approved optometric colleges tiring, are an excellent measure for wrapped. To offset further diffigovernment in the fight against rac- color of which will honor the scholarship are either preventing or curing colds. culty these were replaced with steel
cover that they want. Voting will Columbia University, Ohio State 3. Extra clothing should be put hoops. Again in 1937 the drum
A discussion followed the talk, held later in the semester, an- University, University of Califor- after physical exertion. Those made a brief exit for reconditionand the group voted to hold a spe- nounced the staff today. Students schools of optometry. Northern with colds should not try to work ing, but was back on the scene uncial meeting on "fbursday at 5:45‘^iii offered three possible cov- Illinois College in Chicago, South- them off in the gymnasium. til the 1940 catastrophy. The curp. m. in the Wesley Foundation to gj.g they can then make their c'^n College in Memphis, Pennsyl- 4_ Sleeping in a drafty cold dor- rent rehabilitation program will incontinue the discussion. About 46 choice. vania State College of Optometiy, mitory or room should be avoided, elude two hew heads and a shiny
persons attended the meeting.
Because of present conditions Los Angeles and Massachusetts Rooms for studying also should be new paint job.
Over $106,000 has been collected
and also a few more votes for Ma- for the war fund in Tippecanoe rion Lively. Not to be discouraged County during the drive which is this reporter continued to try the now being held, T. R. Johnston, genlist of phone numbers and find Ty- eral chairman of the drive, has an-
son. nounced.
After a few more sorority houses, ^ order .that the campaign may plus a garage, a hospital and nu- be brought to a close, members of
meraus
Electrical School lends Champagne To Round Out University Boxing Staff
“Starting today boxing will re-
Residents Of WRH Finish Knitting Wool Afghan For Soldiers
kept at a moderate temperature. • 5. Cross ventilation while driving in automobiles should be avoid-
ed.
The drum has been made the subject of numerous cartoons in midwestern newspapers during its history and has brought fame to many
Residents of WRH have complet-
6. Sneezing and coughing in pub- of its players. Probably the crownlic must be prevented. ing moment in the history of the 7. At least eight hours of sleep affair was in Evanston, 111., on Oceach night are essential to prevent tober 5, 1935, when the drum was colds. part of an illuminated formation 8. A balanced diet, including fruit that brought nation-wide response
styles and designs will necessarily Schools of Optometry,
be limited to some extent, but the quality of former years will be
maintained.
Rumors have been flying across the campus to the effect that there is a possibility of a smaller book this year, but the staff has dispersed them with a guarantee of “just as
garage, a j the Uniprsity staff who have not sume its active part in the way of big or bigger.” ^ _ 11° bT+b””' ■ t ^ Th ' y®*' contributed to the combined Boilermaker sports,” said Coach A large part of the book will be ed knitting a wool afghan for the juices, cod liver oil, alkalinization and fame to the University Military he e coiiec one. en ^^ged Jim Beers, as he announced that a devoted to the service organizations Red Cross, according to Miss Agnes and vaccines are of value in ward- Band. That in itself was practicalto his dismay e ou^n a 1. q. W. Beese, chair- new coach had been added to the because of the important part they McCullough, head resident of Wood ingmff colds. ly reimbursement for the $1,200 inTyson ad re 11 e ® University campaign, staff. He is First Class Petty Offi- have in campus affairs at present. Hall. It will be on display in the 9. Bacterial conditions of mouth vested in the dram,
would not be awakenea tor even tnis that those cer Neal Champagne of the electri- Service men and civilians alike Home Economics Building sometime
lowly reporter. increase their contribu- cal school, who will form the coach- are urged to order their Debris beThus the story had to be built should do it as soon as possible, ing team of Champagne and Beers fore the price changes from $3.50 around Dusty Rhodes, who rema.ns Almost every mail delivery has to push the pugilistic idea in the to $4 on December 12.
high in the standing for Queen, brought in more checks, indicating Fieldhouse.
Farm Underwriters
Dusty, it seems, cannot figure out g positive response to the drive. The All Navy, Marine and ASTP men how he is still in the race, as he contributions may be sent to the who desire to fight are urged to rekeeps putting in votes for the other president’s office or to the Commu- p^rt in the Fieldhouse any night queens instead of himself. If sailor nity Fund, 211 Wallace Building, after 4 p. m. at the boxing arena
Rhodes would ask the girl at the Lafayette,
west desk who he gives his votes
and throat should be improved by
after Christmas. use of th,e proper mouth washes and
Mary Wagner and Virginia Feller gargles,
were 'chairmen of the war effort 10. Kissing is dangerous at any committee which sponsored the time and more especially when eithproject. The afghan measures 4x6 er or both persons have colds,
feet and is made of six-inch squares
L Wilhelm Wins Poultry Award
Award Scholarships
to, he might find out why. It seems that the girl is so enchanted by Dusty’s good looks that she just has to vote for him.
Hall, Ault Write Article For 'Machine Design'
Tickets are now on sale at the west desk and they can also be pur-
Allen S. Hall and Prof. E. Stanley Ault of the School of Mechani-
on the third flopr. Navy and Marine V-12’s will be excused from PE 12 the nights they work out with the gloves. Much new equipment
has been added, such as gloves, 11 , . . „ „ „ . , t... ,
new punching bags, masks and head
gear.
of brown, beige and orang,p yarn. It will be used by the Red Cross for convalescing soldiers.
11. Drinking intoxicating liquors
should be avoided.
Prof, Wm. T, Miller
Sherman McKee Jr., a member of the Avon Future Farmer chapter and vice-president of the Indiana
ard Balser, a member of the Delphi F. F. A. chapter and state F. F.
Faculty Newcomers To Meet Sunday
L. A. Wilhelm of the agricultural extension service of the University, has been announced the winner of an award for outstanding work in extension work in the field of poul-
try husbandry.
The award consists of $100 in cash and a scroll stating terms of
. , , x- XI A J ■ • i X- award, and is presented by the nical adviserlor the Administrative Association of the
... of the School of Mechanical and Aeionautical Engineering has been commissioned to serve as tech-
chased from any SDX member. {.^1 and Aeronautical Engineering They are only 1.64 4-5 cents. If have written an article, “ Auxiliary you don’t want to miss something Points Aid Acceleration Analysis, X 1 1 , which appeared in the November isspectacular hurry and buy your j, x- t, • »
sue of “Machine Design magazine,
ticket now as the number of ducats explained some seldom sold is limited. The number is a mentioned but very important military secret. points in machine design.
Faculty Members The December meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, December 6, at 4 p. m., in room 103, Physic.s Building. A full attendance is expected. —EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Faculty Group of Newcomers will Building Council of Indiana by Gov- United States and Canada. Prof.
A. reporter, have each been award- meet at the home of Mrs. Wi L. C. W. Carrick, also^ of the poultry ed a $100 scholarship by the F^’in Ayres for supper Sunday at6p. i/^|| •» loader of the association, Underwriters’ Association of Chi- m. Entertainment will be provided Rred GoldSmith the presentation at the agricago. ' by, Mrs. Jule Baiimgarten, Mrs. cultural staff luncheon last Monday. McKee plans to use his scholar- Decmar Golomh and Miss Brita . . . Dean of Men, has returned to Wilhelm’s principal work ship for the winter short course at Kroeplin with discussion of “Christ- the campus after attending the Na- been in the development of the the University and Balser is already mas in Other Lands” and the sing- tional Inter-Fraternity Conference “Poultzy School of the Air’* ia which enrolled in the School of Agricul- ing of carols led by Miss Dorothy which was held at the Commodore an increasing number of Indiana ture. J Ross. Hotel in New York City. farm people are now enrolling.Exponent ' ^ Satu^t^, iA
;, ■ > ■
pde glances Af Service Aloe’s Santa List Reveals Tremendous
Chemists Hold Important Wor Jobs In Labs
ions
By Margaret Baynes Twas-the month before Christmas, and all np and down the Union service men chow line crept two fixponent reporters who were shedding joy, sunshine and questions such as, “If you were a service man, what would you like for ChnsLinas?” “Five feet two, i;yes,.of blue,” shouted the whole chow- line, turning as a body. The reporters picked themselves up as the shouting continued: “Tell the sarge to bring me a tricycle,” screamed a handsome brute, “or a jig-saw’ puzzle or a map of this University.” The reporters explained patiently that the editors wanted gift suggestions of a more material or practical nature, such as something mom or the girls could send. “I don’t want nothing,” drawled one soldier. “I don’t smoke and I don’t drink, so I don’t want nothing.” Another soldier said he did •smoke, so. cigarettes would make an excellent gift. Match books are welcome, too. House slippers, pajamas, leather (not knitted) gloves, GI neckties and gifts of money were rattled off by sailors, soldier,s. and marines in a chorus. “I’d like a home-cooked chicken and Rita Hayworth,” said one hun-gry-looking marine, “or Hedy Lamarr would do instead. Send her and it to Dick Saunders.” “Well, a-a-a, T ^ire could go for some candy-..or nuts or fruit, and half a dozen pairs of Skippy shorts, or a new pipe,” piped up one small sailor. “I’d like a subscription to Esquire and four roses,” came frdm the head of the chow line. The reporters thought how touching that the service men were so fond of flow’ors. Cookies arc the most popular eating material, candy next and cake a close third. Chocolate chip, peanut butter, nut and other cookies come in for the most eating, while fruit cakes are the most Christmasy and angel food cakes travel and keep well. The boys will tolerate sewing kits, fountain pens, pencils, shoeshine kits, service rings, identification bracelets and w'atches if they don’t already possess one. Then radios, magazine subscriptions (if he is, rathei’ jjermanently located), photograph albums, ■ money belts, billfolds and stationery, are never refused, though food is more excit-
And then the most surprising answer came from a soldier who said he didn’t want a thing; all he wanted was to be 25(1 miles nearer home. Promising to send him an -honoi'able disehai’ge, the/ reporters grabbed some CT. tnh'o scraps and marched out w/d.'- xiie chow line cheered.
By M. Baynes Our professional stage career began Wednesday^ evening, December 1, at 7:30 in the Music Hall when we made our ap-pearance backstage with oyer 50 other members of the teeming populace, in response to a call for Passion Play exti’as. We mobbed the Music Hall stage among screaming children, giggling little boys, roaring a’dults, stray cats, and A1 Stewart, as members of the cast tried, to herd us in the right direction. After informing us that we were standing on the wall and several trees (the Scene: y Wasn’t up for the rehearsal) the r.ctorsj who were in ordinary street clothes, emoted their lines, then ran the extras back and forth across the stage. We shouted, “On to Rome” several times, were issued stage door passes and diis'missed. The next step in our careei' came an hour before the matinee Thursday afternoon when we were poured into flowing robes, bright sashes and modified headrags which pinched our ears. We were hurried to the wings of the stage when a man stuck his head in the door .and called dramatically “Fifteen minutes.” Stumbling our way through the dark, we heai-cf the stage crew hurling scenery expertly around, saw high priests and Roman soldiers running briskly to and fro, and watched little boys stumble around in their nightgowns and turbans. Growing weary while waiting, ' Carol Elward, dressed becomingly in a red striped goWn with an orange sash, leaned against a black mass. The mass snorted, kicked and rolled over on its side while children i-an in all directions. The other camel lay placidly chewing a section of the house curtain. We shouldered our water jug, keeping a safe distance from the camels, who were glassily staring into space, and tripped onto the stage. A merchant muttered a cue in our ear, so, after a moment of protest, we flapped elnbarrassedly down the footlights shouting “Hail, hail.” Then immediately afterwards, we backed across the stage, still shouting “Hail, hail” and waving palms; we tripped over a small boy and sprawled at the feet of a high priest. Restraining a desire to kneel to the Christus as he walked by, we returned to our street clothes and ate dinner at the Union in order to be back in time for the evening performance. Seated not far from our table were two members of the cast, so we hastened over to give them pointers on the play.
WBAA Schedule SaturMy-' “‘■t'iPv’.'/'s’. 10:3(k-^News 10:45—Smile Time 11:00--r-Morning Matinee 11:30—Music. ■' 11:56—^News ; ( 12:00—Music . / 12:15—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets i, 12:55—News • 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Marching to Victory 1:65—News 2:00—Story a Day 2:15—Petite Musicale 2:30—Musical Varieties 2:55—News 3:00—Afternoon Melodies 3:15—Music. 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax 4:55—News 5:00—Little Miss Muffett 5:15—Music 5:30—Go To Church Sunday 5:45—Music 6:00—Prayer Minute 6:01—Dinner Hour • 6:56—News 7:00—Navy Music 7:15—Horae Defense 7:45—Netherlands Radio News-7:65-^News 8:00—Music 8:30—Hasten the Day 8:46—^Eventide Echoes . 8:56-News . ' 9:00—Union Mixer 9:30—Anything But .Swing 9:55—News 10:05—Off the Air
Monday 10:30—News 10:46—Smile Time 11:00^—“Diplomatic History of the U. S.” Prof. L, Sears 11:50-Purdue News 11:55^—News 12:00—Farm Forum 12:30—Meet the Band 12:56—News 1:00—Home Makers Club of the
Air
1:15—Music 1:30—-Parents’ Forum .1:45—^Markets 1:56—News 2:00—Story a Day 2;15-—Concert Hall 2:55—News 3:00—Mary Louise keppert, pianist
By Kurt Groffe Little is known of the work ddtte behind the closed door of the secrecy hiding the activities of the cheimists working for war. Right here on this campus there are those doing woi’k that makes them invaluable to the war effort, yet they can hot get one bit of publicity.; Late oh into the night they work developing new processes for making chemicals used in modern warfare. These men could earn more working at some high-paying factory job, but they choose instead to hide themselves away here working long hours for small wages. What they work on is strictly hush-hush for all concerned.. These chemists risk their lives playing with dangerous chemicals that are powerful enough to eat the flesh off the human body in a matter of seconds. They earn no medals, they get nO recognition in the newspapers; all they get is the satisfaction of knowing that they are doing their part for our
country.
Late into the night they work, trying to get the bugs out of a new process. Clothed in the uniform of work shirts and old ti’ousei’s, they shoot chemical headaches at the enemy. For instance, there is one experimental project that grew into an actual production job. One of the University’s Undei'graduate chera engineers had much to do with this job and was considered so important that he'was prevented from entering the army. As I write these very woi-ds, work is being done over in the unprepossessing looking , structure called the Cheni Building. Its importance, like so many other home front jobs, cannot be directly estimated. But one thing is sure— those men \yorking over there will never have to blush when their grandchildren ask them what they did in the big war, for they are fighting just as much as the soldier in Italy, the sailor with the fleet and the marine fighting in a foxhole in some Smith Sea island.
Mary Lou Mitchell and Marise Berquist
If you’re like us because you sfill can’t 'finh' that gift for thh special ones at homevfollow Ulottg as we haunt the shops and find some wonderful selections for all you weat^-worn Christmas shoppers.^ ' , . " ■ Hop down to the viliage or take the Monon to town and follow thru ,some of these 1®M^ Here we go—Wiritcjr is ijere to stay a while and we’ll give you 2 to 1 that dad wotild i'eally
' appreciate a pair of rieM fur-
Prof. D. S. Wark Enjoys Job Of Supervising Registration
lined dfivihg gloves
teed to keep hiS haiids Ivafni
eVen ih shb'-zero Weiither,'
’ Hey, but hold on a rhlnute. We can’t forget every fellpiv’S favorite girl friend, his numr. The Shulton Company has packed n trunk with Early American Old
By Margaret Baynes
Perhaps the only man who views -were the AWS girl guides, who the process of registration as a shoved freshmen and service men
challenge, a joy and an inspiration in the right paths. One service Spice which she possibly already is Prof. D. S. Clark* of the mechan- man, looking down the packed class knows of and loves. In the case— ical engineering school. To Clark card aisle, said, “This thing isn’t a 4. bottle of toilet water, doubles belongs the entire responsibility of process, it’s a project.” ©n both salts and talcum powder handling, planning and carrying Glai*k emerged smiling from his and three cakes of soap, all in a ■out registi'ation. pile of new registration plans long very pretty package, too. Around
enough to say: “I wish to congratu- .;p3 plus tax.
late the entire staff on the handling speaking of the perfect gift, of a difficult problem efficiently.” jjek more than
In the old days registration was held in University Hall, then later in the Administration Building. When registration was moved to the Armory, G. H. Sheppard was in charge, and he Was succeeded by
Clark six years ago.
Clal'k emerges from each regis-
tration period full of fresh ideas and new plans; since the war started problems have doubled and the staff struggles with civilian, army,
navy and marine scheduling.
Registration Staff Includes Helpers
NavY Enliided Men To Wear New Uniform
a friendship ring with an extta wide band ? They come in sterling sib vef in the newest designs. They are really something special. If there is a young lady on your list, think twice about the. ffpeep scuffs in bright colors by Oomphies. For $8.60 a pair, they will be hailed by anif age. ;/ ■ For theiittle angels of your fonv
The man was Arthur Davis, high priest, and the girl Diane Fauntelle, who played Salome. The play, they said, originated in the Black Forest region in Luenun, Germany. The summer home of the play is in the Black Hills of the Dakotas, so it has come to be known by that name.
3:15—The Job Reporter 3:25—Music 3:30—Musical Varieties 3:55—News ’ : 4:00—^Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax 4:55—News 5:00—Little Miss Muffett 5:16—Music 5:30—Vespers 5:45—Sports Review 6:00—A Minute of Prayer 6:01—Dinner Hour 6:55—News 7:00—Chinese: Stories 7:16r-Trade Winds.Tavern 7:30—^Allies vs. Hitler 7:45—Music 7:55—Dramatized News 8:00—The Bookman 8:15—Musje; 8:30—Voice of the Army 8:45—Music - 8:55—Ne\vs 9:00—Musicana 9:30—Anything But Swing 9:55—News t6:06—Off the Air
Enlisted men of the Navy will soon be wearing gray undress, or
working uniforms, aboard ship un- ily or friend's family, why not a
Besides a large staff for taking a-recent change in regulations, washable blackboard-that theyicaVi care of the various class cards, according to the Glenview Naval do their arithmetic and spelling Clark plans for three roving help- Air Station Exhaust. problems on? Orforallthosh Simiers to help erase bottlenecks. Since -phe grays will differ from pres- ny Jims, how about an airplahe rec-* most students have irregular classi- g^t uniforms only in color. De- ognition set for amateurs, complete fications time is lost in the actual and fabric will continue un- with the model makings? This planning of schedules. changed, but the trousers, jumpers swell gift sells for $1. Out of post-registration plans and hat will be in slate gray for Do you have someone on your list grew the class card system, which better blending with the color of -who is definitely the career type? is known as the P(?vvers system,. An vessels and hence better protective Well, then, Why not'a beautilfhUy elect! ical connection is made be- coloration fqr personnel. tailored billfold in colorful leathers, tween the dots on the cards and the Specifications are now being designed for the busy woman of cards are distributed to the proper drawn up by the clothing division today? It has' ample room for school and class. of-the Bui'eau of Supplies and Ac- money, cards, licenses, etc. Youfll Considering future registrations, counts. It will be several months be glad you bought it and so wjU
Clark stated the possibility of reg- before the new uniforms are avail- she.
istering some service men at the able for issue. If you also have a service ifign end ofthe preceding semester. The . — on your KsV why not take a fhVi idea is still in its infancy and will From the same paper comes word suggestions from our Christipks
probably take several more convo- that 19 per cent of Navy personnel canteen? A flat-bottomed, cowhide cations to develop it. is under 19^—result' of a survey utility case lined in water repellent Strange Happenings. made at the beginning of the cur- cloth is really a super gift. It ruris Strange things happen during rent fiscal year. near $5 but is well worth the pi'icC. registration; a civilian filling out Of the youngsters, 2 per cent are Every service man needs shower a selective service questionnaire had 17, 8 per cent 18, 9 per cent 19 and scuffs and we’ve seen them made to sign the blanks under oath, so another 8 per cent 20. of tough water-repellent cottoh Clark and the student retired to a The largest single group are the poplin in navy and khaki colors, convenient corner where Clark ad- 21-year-olds—11 per cent of the to- Worth $1.95 at all men’k stores, ministered the oath over the up- tal. Close behind are the 22-year- The whole family will enjoy and roar of registration. olds—10 per cent. appreciate one of the new record
Another new addition to the scene (See NAVY, page 7) albums. '
6. L
Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the pharmacy school was elected chairman and H. L. Kendall of the pharmacy student health service was elected secretary-treasurer of the Indiana Inter-Profes.sional Health Council at the regular annual meeting held in Indianapolis Tuesday. The council coordinates the health .service.s of the .state medical, dental, pharmaceutical, veterinary and nursing associations.
KEEP YOUR SHOES IN THE PINK Complete line of Polishes, Brushes, and Shoe Cloths
221 State St.
Phone 2240
Prepare for the Holidays NOW!
specialized
Delivering to Frals ' and Sororities
QUALITY
Swkdu (hsL jthjL SdmL
Easy to Mail and Welcome with Everyone
See Latest Fiction and Meference Books Now on Display!
(across from Union)
The Best Christmas Pie You Ever Atel
Gur pies are tempting, palate-teasing pastries . . . and think of the work and ration stamps they save. Order yours now.
HOMEMADE PIES
'^Bakers Great Since ^7S’Xrniy, HfiiJir, Martne News
I
Suturitay, December 4, 194S
For Service Men. By Service Men - - » 'ir/ \ ■» ^ ^
Page 7
Servile Men Receive Naismith Directs Navy Recogtlizes SarVlCg
M|ny Hints In
SliQPping For Best Girt
aristmASTP l^^ion pjight School Efficiency
, By Jean Yargar Christmas, comes but once a year and on fifty bucks a month m|0St khaki on campus are glad of it. After removing a little for bonds, a small cut for wine and wolfin’, then loosing some Jfettuce with loaded dice, there doesn’t seem to be much left for Chtistmas shopping. Never mind, though. The little woman will Understand your status quo and willihgly let you weep on bfir shoulder when you hand — ' her a box of Hershey bars, “Him.” Then they became pracpartly gone suggestions. Most Who is kidding? The little gift seemed to be a big - - ® _ . - _ , photograph. Beiore, during and woman would probably hand after studies you will be looked at, back‘the cahdy and warn you bragged about, argued over and benev^rib’d^rkenher door again, come completely approved of by LettWbe'liwii'rningandanincen- other women living near the light tive fo'-itart hbarding cash. of your life. Advice to Malh Shoppers Next in prominence of coed deWith the assumption that some-sires is jeweliy. The types range cash is available and more will be f^'O™ diamonds to junk pins and soon, the following list has been ac- bracelets. Nine “lems” weie so cumulated with one purpose alone, bold as to say that they expected giving advice to male shoppers. diamonds, but most of the girls Not that advice should be given, wanted lockets, identification biacetiut the desire of 100 women is not und seivice pins, to be completely overlooked. Worn- Perfume, Cologne Are-Popular 6n really want the same things— Perfume and cologne ran a strong luxuries, since no one wants some- second with jewelry. For some reathing that they buy easily them- son all gals want some expensive selves. Some of the gifts suggest- perfume that would otheiwise be ed are expensive and some ai’en’t, considered an extravagance. Of but that will all depend upon depth course you can always gripe when 9f affection such as love, for in- she begins soaking your letters in
stance. Cogds Want Him First
the stuff. Seveial suggested a teddy bear.
When the very blunt question. Don’t laugh, because coeds collect “What would you like a man or your aU sorts of stuffed animals. So if man to give you for Christmas?” you are feeling in a gay mood, buy was asked, most of the coeds ac- her a stuffed giraffe, elephant or quired a di’eamy look and answered, even a doll. Fewer in number, but
POPCORN SACKS 5c TO 50c
FURNAS ICE CREA PINTS 20c — BARS 5c
DAD'S PLACE — Russ Harshbarger
If Pete gets my Jeep fixed in time— ril be seein’ ya.
Peter Anderson Co. AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
By Cpl. Jack Martire
Editor’s Note: This is the fourth in a serids of articles on,the AST officers of the 1545th S. U. * •l^iblliv ' 0 r Wileil t'he local cffHcaturist was over at the Beta house, one of hisjaljcomplishmenfs was drawing a pictqre entitled “Sam”. In ajl^itioi^o the poTb^it there were the background effects, consisting of an “accusing finger” ^nd a list of Union rules, which wei^q quite indicative of the role played by Captain Naismith on last semester’s cam pus. Ye^, he'was the battalion recreation officer and as such was in charge of all the AST “pauses that relax” programs. Perhaps the most famous contribution to campus life for the last year was under his supervision, namely, “Khaki on the Kampus.” A better liked officer is not to be found. Members of “K on K” will emphasize that fact with gusto. ^
Changed Company
But that Was'last semester and now the captain is commanding officer of Company F, which is located out near the cows in the Ag Engineering Building. Captain Naismith came to this newly created company—it was activated on October 10 from C company, where he had, in addition to his other duties, acted as executive officer. A former University student.
CAPTAIN NAISMITH
just as desirable, were those who asked for cigarette cases, cashmere sweaters, compacts, manicuring sets and phonograph records. Lightweight Luggage for Traveling Last and most expensive are those gifts for the gals already wearing a diamond on the third finger left hand. They want light luggage, and three guesses why? Traveling to Fort Banning or elsewhere certainly requires lightweight luggage, especially when the trips are often on such a spur of the moment. Some would like watches, radios or phonographs, but those are practically on the rationed list. Then just to make this Christrqas extra, why not send flowers, too ? Every womaiv likes to receive flowers and if you want to announce your partiality, why not show it with one dozen I'oses ?
Captain Naismith was graduated in 1935 with a degree in mechanical engineei-ing and with a reserve commission as a second lieutenant. That was during peace and thus he went to work with the Armstrong Cork Company as sales engineer. From that position to one with CarnegieIllinois Steel as a blast furnace foreman was the next move and this latter job kept the captain in Chicago, which town has been his home. No Clothes In the fall of 1941 Captain—then Mr.—Naismith transferred to the main offices of- U. S, Steel and was in charge of blast furnace committees as assistant to the chairman of operating committees. But the call came, as it must'' to all men, and First Lt. Naismitk—he had been promoted in 1938—reported to In-dia-fitown Gap and then to Fort
Bragg for active service. J^on. arrival at Bragg the lieutentM; fo\ind himself without clothes. He had not expected to stay at Indiantown Gap for longer than a day, but that 24 hours extended to a week. Reaching Bragg Lt. Naismith found his foot locker but no key. After many struggles in the Carolina heat and after breaking a hacksaw—it was a new lock—the lieutenant, through perseverance and perspiration, forced the lock and again becaipe presentable as an officer. Incidentally, perseverance seems to be one of his virtues. After five weeks of the field artillery refresher course Lt. Naismith was assigned to a trainingregiment as an instructor in gun mechanics. But with the fall, namely September, the lieutenant returned to the University as an ROTC field artillery instructor for the freshmen. Commamjing Officer When the AST unit was organized on the campus in March, 1943, Lt. Naismith was appointed commanding officer of Company B and was later assigpied to Company C as executive officer. Confusion at battalion headquarteis last semester was the result of the second addition to the Naismith household. It seems that diapers were the center of controversy but the matter of obtaining them must have been straightened out, since the new young lady is now 3 months old. With a 3-year-old boy the result is a family of
four.
As regimental athletic officer the captain must keep in good condition. Thus, when the weather allows, he finds the golf course an excellent place for diversion. But the elements not permitting “othersports are initiated.” According to usually reliable sources the captain believes that “an excellent game of golf would result from use of Burton’s liquid center balls.”
By Marion Donham Recognized by the United States Navy as one of the most efficient flight instructor schools in the country is the war training service flight school located at the University airport. Lt. Cmdr. Ernest G. Vetter, officer in charge, indicated recently that exceptionally fine cooperation between the Navy and University has resulted in this recognition. Now in the process of changing from a flight officer’s instruction school to a naval cadet school, the airport still has two classes of flight officers to graduate. Both of these remaining classes will be graduated approximately by the end of December. Then the change to an aviation cadet school will be com-
pleted.
Flight Officer Training The flight officers have been following a seven months’ training progiam with one month devoted to officer indoctrination and six months to flight training. The six months of flight training is broken up into two-month periods, the first consisting of instiuction in precision flying, including acrobatics and landing in small areas. The second two-month period is a cross-country course, and the third and final two months are used for training on how to instruct. All flight officers who graduate will be instructors for a short time at least, so they are taught methods of instruction. The aviation cadets, on the otherhand, remain for three months’ training and fly for the first time under the Navy while they are here. The cadets have completed a three to four months’ non-flying course ment, described by the Jacksonville Naval Air- Base Jax Air News is a fire resistant and water resistant plastic impregnated fabric to be used for life jackets. Both the standard life jacket and the new knapsack jacket are being made of the new material.
Navy
STOP!! 1 LOOK!! LISTEN!!
DROP DOWN TO THE CAFETERIA IN THE UNION FOR DINNER BEFORE TAKING YOUR DATE TO THE SHOW.
DEUCIOUS FOOD MODERATE PRICES
fijUJldjUJL TJfhmwhiaL lAmofL The Corner of the Camffus— Yet the Center of Activities
Bl
(Continued from page 6) From there they taper off to onetenth of 1 per cent 45 or older.
Development of a paper parachute for use in dropping supplies from the air is noted in the Badger Navy News of the University of Wisconsin Navy Unit. According to the News, the parachutes are already in production. Intended especially for'situations where troops in combat areas are temporarily cut off from ground supply lines, the chute can carry 100 pounds on release from a plane traveling at 180 miles an hour. Constiuction is of a specially treated kraft crepe paper. Another new technical develop-
A gleaning- of odds and ends o« Navy customs and traditions from odd ship’s papers reveals: That no United States man-of-war has ever mutinied or been in the hands of mutineers, though in other squadrons whole navies have. . . . “Tar” comes from a quaint old custom British soldiers picked up a couple of hundred years ago of tarring- their trousers and other parts of their uniforms to make them waterproof. . . . The buttons on the cuffs of British midshipmen go back to the fact that in Nelson’s time and thereabouts middies went to sea at the age of 13. The boys were continually crying- and sniffling from homesickness and wiping their noses on their cuffs, so the buttons were put on to keep the uniform clean.
Christmas Greetings Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
before coming to the University, and go from here to a pre-flight
S'chool.
Civilian Instructor.s Although the flight training program is under the .supeivisiort of the Navy and war training service, the instructors in many of the courses are civilians. There are civilian managers, 30 civilian flight instruhtors, 40 mechanics and office helj) contributing to the training of the Navy pilots. Vetter Experienced in Aviation The naval officers’ staff is headed by Lt. Cmdr. Ernest G. Vetter. Commander Vetter has been in aviation work for 15 years, and in the Navy more than three years. With three books concerning aviation, meteorology and radio already published, Commander VettCr has just submitted a new book entitled “Death Was Our Escort” for publication. The new book depicts the experiences of Lt. (jg) E. T. Hamilton’s P-T boat squadi-on in the south Pacific. Lt. Hamilton is in training at the airport. Commander Vetter’s various successes in the aviation and literary world have earned him a listing in “Who’s Who in America.” Former Sports Editor at Airport Lt. (jg) John F. Senn is in charge of the ground school training. He was^ formerly known as Jack Senn, sports editor for the Toledo Blade and youngest sports editor of any metropolitan newspaper in the coun-ti-y. He is still writing and reported some of the University’s football games this fall. His ground school training includes navigation, code, semaphore, blinker, engine construction, theory of flight and meterology. Men who complete thi^ ground school course are trained to navigate planes any place in the
world.
Lt. C. O. Anderson, former AllAmerican football player fi-om Colgate, is in charge of the military training, including drill and development of good officer habits. A color ceremony is held twice each day. The flag is hoisted at 8 a. m. and lowered at sunset. During the day each man who leaves the airport turns and salutes the flag before passing through the gate. Flight Training Supervisor Lt. Frank Hand is the operations / officer. He supervises all flight training'. With 15 years’ experience in aviation, Lt. Hand has been in the Navy two years. Before entering the Navy he operated an airfield of his own. Ensign Franklin W. Matthews is the newest arrival at the University, having been here about 30 days. He is assistant to Lt. Hand. Ensign Matthews was proprietor of a garment shop in Boise, Ida., before entering- the Navy about one year ago. Lt. (jg) Dean Ambrose was an optometrist befoie becoming an officer in the Navy, and is still working in a related field. He has charge of instruction in plane and surface craft lecognition. The Navy standard requires that the plane or craft be recognized in l-75th of a second, but Lt, Ambrose is trying to speed that time up to 1-lOOth of a second. These are the men who make up the Navy personnel now supervising instruction for both flight officers and aviation cadets but soon to be working with the cadets only.
/
Tlow DfL
Latest Assortments of
If 1
Christmas Cards fiJknJhf, io (^hooML J-Jcom,
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (across from Union)Saturday, December 4, 1943
- ni-';'
‘iff"
MbdetiM^er
Whiz Kids To Meet Illinois Team Teight
June Macklin, Daughter Of ^
Tenin .
Workhorse back of the recent Western Conference football season was Ernie Parks/" 18-yeai--old Ohio State negro. Parks, Ohio high scliool sprint champion and a gangling 190 pound six footer, carried the ball 99 times in five games, just one short of 20 times per game. TThat is an unusual number of rushes for any player, any time, but exceptional in the case of a fi’eshman. The only other player to pack the ball 90 or more times was Tony Butkovich, high scoring Purdue fullback, and he worked even harder than Parks. Butkevich played only three Conference games before going into Marine boot camp, but he lugged the ball 95 times and also established a new scoring record. Boris Dimancheff, Boilermaker halfback, carried the ball 89 times and Dean Sensanbaugher, another Buckeye freshman, made 87 forays in five games. Eddie Bray of Illinois was an 80-time packer and there were five others who earned 60 or more times. Wisconsin, which had a constantly shifting personnel, used 17 ball cai’riers over the season, while Indiana had the fewest, just eight. Ohio State had only nine carriers, Iowa 10, Michigan 12, Minnesota 11, Purdue and Illinois 14 and Northwestern 15.
Champaign, 111.—The Whiz Kids of Illinois will return to the scene of som? of their greatest triumphs tonight to give Doug Mills’ young 1943-44 basketball squad its first test of the season in George Huff gymnasium. Pour of the famous five—Ken Menke, Art Mathisen, Gene Vance and .lack Smiley—will be on hand for the tilt,. Andy Phillip, who is in Marine training at Pan-is Island, S. C., will be unable to play. With Phillip not available. Herb Matter, track star and a member of last year’s basketball squad, will round Out the starting alumni team. In reserve will be Ray Grierson and John Kjellstrom of the 1942-43 squad, and Bud Riegel and Hale Swanson of the 1937 Big Ten champions. Grierson,.Vance, Kjellstrom and Matter are all stationed at Illinois in the ASTP. Against this experienced combination Mills will start Stan Patrickj senior transfer from Santa Clara, and Bob Morton, Elgin freshman, at forwards; Don Delaney, Navy V-12 junior from the University of Detroit, at center, and Game Captain Dick Foley, Parish freshman, Sand Walton Kirk, Mt. Vernon sophomore, or Howard Judson, Hebron freshman, at guards.'
Retails Gridiron Experiences Of Father
by Nita Garrett dune Macklin is an individualist in spite of having a father Who was a famous football player, June, a freshman in the experimental science school, is the daughter of Paul Revere Macklin, all-state halfback on the University’s varsity team of 1922. Debris had this to say about his and a teammate’s performance in the I. U. game that year: “To, Macklin and Watson go the honors for this game, both of whom carried the ball for long gains around the ends and through the line,” and, “the spectators wefd--constantly thrilled with . . . the line bucks of Macklin.” Plans Career as Archeologist June, .who is exceedipgly proud of her father, plans to have a distinctive career of her own. She intends to become an archeologist. Besides her interest in some day searching for fossils and , the remains of ancient civilizations, June makes a hobby of musiq. She played xylophone duets with her sister in vaudeville foV four years, travel-
always wished fhat I cqukl be a boy and play football.” June has only one brother. “Jerry would love to play football, but his heart is bad and the doctor won’t let him. He has to be content with heing manager of the Portland High School football team. ■-
“I didn’t even know much about dad’s football career until I began looking through out copies ofDebris. Even then mother told me about most of his experiences; There was one game he tdlcl me about, though. It was one of the biggest thrills in his life when he played against the great George Gipp in the game with Notre Dame. ■After the.game he was complimented by RoCkne on his playing.” Unusual Experience of Father June went on to say her father had the , unusual experience of starting as a quarterback, qnd being changed to the halfback posi-
tion even though he was almost the smallest-man on the team. He was only 6 feet 4 inches tall ahd weighed 146 pounds. His stocky build made up somewhat for his short stature.. Father on Wrestling Team, Not only was “Shorty” Macklin, as he was known during his college , days, a football letterinan, but he"’ also captained the varsity wrestling team. In the army during World War I, he was in training at the University When the armistice wassigned. An agriculture student, he was a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. Now'a vocational agriculture instructor •,and football coaich at Portland, Ind., the former bantam halfback, according to hts', daughter, considers this year’s team “about the best Purdue has ever had” and predicts that it will be “well able to hold its own against Indiana,”
Basketball Schedule
Dec.
Dec. Dec. Dec, Dec.
Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan, Jan. Jan. Jan. Feb. Feb,
11—Naval Pre-Flight of Greencastle, here 16—DePauw, here 18—at Great Lakes 23—at Notre Dame 28— at Greencastle, Naval Pre-Flight 3— Notre Dame, here 8—‘Indiana, here 14—-Minnesota, here 16—^Minnesota, here ^ 21— Michigan, here 22— Michigan, here - 29— Del^aul at Chicago 4— at Ohio State 6—at Ohio State
Feb.ll—Wabash, here Feb. 14—Great Lakes, here Feb. 18—at Iowa Feb, 19—at Wisconsin Feb. 26—at Chicago Feb. 26—Northwestern, here , Mar. 4—at Indiana
' ,(-<4
Notice
Service Men in Cary Hall: Several of you neglected to put your room number down when you subscribed to the Exponent. If you will Fring your receipt down to the Circulation Office and correct' this error, you will start receiving your paper.
Fifteen members of the 18-man Iowa basketball squad are freshmen. . , 14 of them are 17 or 18 years old . . . Dick Ives, one of the current starting forwards, won’t be 18 until April.
A total of 57 passers tried their arms during the Conference season and once again Wisconsin utilized the most, 11. Ten passers worked for Iowa, ^nd, with the exception of Indiana and Purdue, all the others tried six or more. The only Hoosiers to pass were Bob 'Hoernschemeyer, the sensational freshman, who threw 97, and Allerdice, who pitched three. For Purdue -the throwers were Vacant! with 63, Darr with five and Hibler with one. A total of 71 players scored points during the Conference season, 55 with touchdowns and 16 entirely on conversions. Northwestern had the greatest number of scorers, 11 with touchdowns, and Alex Kapter, who specialized in place kicking. Michigan was second with 14 scorers and 11 by touchdowns, and then
came Purdue with 10, Wisconsin, which scored only five touchdowns, had only three point makers, while Ohio State and Iowa each had four. The Buckeyes made eight Big Ten touchdowns and they were divided between Parks and Sensanbaugher. Indiana and Minnesota each used seven scorers and Illinois six. There were only three field goals all season, two by Bill Barbour of Iowa and one by John Stungis, Buckeye freshman. The kick by Stungis was the most vital, since it defeated Illinois in the now famous game when Ohio won on a last and extra play reprieve.
Notice All Army, Navy, fraternity and ward basketball games have been called off until further notice; Watch the Exponent for date and schedule when play is resumed.
TRY AN EXPONENT ' CLASSIFIED
ing over most of the middle west. She is also a cellist in the University oi'chesti'a and an amateur violinist. She considers her older sister, who is majoring in music at Ball State Teacher’s College, , a much better musician than herself. When talking of going home for Christmas she says, “I want to go sleigh riding if it snows. • Dad gave me a small sleigh of my own last year for Christmas. And I want to see Miss Dixie and Sultan.” Miss Dixie is June’s own riding horse, a Kentucky mare with Arabian lineage. Sultan is her 6-monthsTold colt, so named because he too has Arabian blood. Miss Dixie, according to June, is a horse of no small acsomplishment. The mare has been trained by June’s father to do a number of tricks, including following at a command, taking a handkerchief from her trainer’s pocket, and counting by tapping her hoofs. June herself has taught Miss Dixie several gaits. Wishes She Were Boy She continually comes back to the topic of her father iiuher conversation. “Naturally dad hoped to have a family of football playing boys,’’’ June explains a little sadly. “I’ve
CONSERVATION IS VITAL
1. BUY WISELY. Only the clothes you neecl Ask clerk’s if they can be dry cleaned.
2. TREAT KINDLY. Hang them up, brush them off, and air them in the room overnight.
3. DRY CLEANING. When dry cleaning’s necessary, send your clothes to us for Sanitoning, and please send a hanger with each garment.
AMERICAIV LMMDHY SAMITOIE CLEANERS
SMITH’S
SMITH’S HAVE THE VERY THUG FOR HER CHRISTMAS GIFT
Smith’s have a varied assortment of Christmas Gifts . . . Purses, Gift Slippers, Shoe Trees, Hosiery.
423 MAIN STREET
' V: :
■fir's .
CHRISTMAS GIFTS for WHOLE
at
s
SPECIAL VALUES AT DEAC’S
Last chance to get windbreaker with zipper and the Purdue seal.
Purdue Sweat Shirts
Satin and felt pillows and pillow covers with the Army, Navy, Marines and Purdue insignia, the Purdue seal.
All wool gloves for women and men $2.00, 2.50 and 3.00 Lantz Brothers’ Fruit Cake
Christmas Cards 40c, 50c, 60c, I.OO, 1.10 Raw Silver Friendship Rings 50c, 75c with turquoise setting 1.00,1.50 Ear Muffs 30c, 50c, 60c Bullet-proof Bible which may keep you from harm. Hundreds of Photograph albums. 2,000 picture frames for your selection. Army, Navy and Marine crested jewelry. Necklaces, pins and bracelets
Established 1908
H. G. Reisner Book Store
H. G. Reisner H. G. Reisner, Jr.
325 State Street West Lafayette, Indiana