'>-1
1
ii
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Saturday, October 9,1937
NUMBER 23
Boilermakers Attempt Comebaek Today
Complete Homecoming Program Awaits Grads
\
Football will be king today as thousands of Purdue grads come back to see the Boilermakers tackle the Carnegie Tech “Tartans” at Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon. But this morning the homecoming program will include another football game between the “Purdue Future Greats” on upper Stuart Field at 10:30. At the same time thete will be a field hockey game on the north field. The class of ’ll will hold their 26th reunion in the Union ot 11:30. Fraternities and sororities will
All
America Ratings
I—ByCHRISTY WALSH-
Member All-America Board of Football
Out of every corner of the gridiron map, words of praise for outstanding players flashed this week from football writers, officials, and coaches, on whose expert recommendation the weekly ratings are determined. More than 50 reports reached the All America Board, many of |;hem confidential, desiring no mention of the sender’s name. From this array of convincing information it is no easy task to select 10 names ahd eliminate the balance, but the others, if their good work continues, will appear in this column very soon. The following 10 players, the second group of names for 1937, have been certified as candidates for the All America team and will receive the customary Card of Merit:
be hosts to the homecoming grads an hour later. The afternoon’s program will begin at Ross-Ade Stadium with the main event of the homecoming card. Following the game, classes will hold reunions on the fleld. A smoker and dance will fill in the time between the game and the banquets at the different fraternities and sororities. The class of ’07 wfll celebrate their 30th year out of Purdue at 7:30 in the Union. Boyd Raeburn will conclude today’s program in the Union ballroom with the annual homecoming
mixer.
4000 People Crowd Stuart Field As; Pep Session Hold!$ Sway
HARTMAJV. Georgia. Fullback. Called by Ed Danforth, Atlanta, Georgian, “A rarity in football—a triple-threat fullback,” this monster athlete smashed the line, averaged 46 yards on kicks, tossed strikes to his pass receivers and backed up the forward wall against South Carolina in a manner to make him a favorite for No. 1 ranking, in 1937 Dixie football.
PINGEL. Michigan State. Halfback. Tossing passes with abandon but always true to the mark, this triple-threat ace was the key-man in a close fought, seesaw victory against a determined, ancient enemy., With no end of nerve and nonchalance, he side-stepped charging Wolverines, surveyed his moving target, whipped the ball unerringly to the spot and proved a continual, demoralizing influence, especially when Michigan had a temporary lead.
Augmented by spectators from the Jeff-Crawfordsville football game, 4000 students, alumni, townspeople joined together last night on upper Stuart Field in the 50th annual Homeconjing pep session. Led by the Purdue band, a torch parade followed by decorated autos marched from the village to the huge bonfire. Instilled with President Elliott’s new battle cry, “Carnegie must be destroyed,” the crew'd responded enthusiastically to 1912 cheerleader Dan Hayne’s Purdue series yell. Coach Mai Elward and Captain Marty Schreyer both predicted a Boilermaker victory in today’s encounter with Carnegie Tech. The pep session broke up with the band playing “Hail Purdue.”
Freak Fraternity Decorations Herald Approach Of Carnegie Game Today
By R. E. Insley
Great variety of queer mental quirks seems to be the vogue in this year’s fraternity house homecoming decorations. With a silver cup or a silver service set at stake, many a fraternity or sorority mind functioned for the first time this semester. Pi Phi’s went into a huddle and came out with plans to erect a big plaid candy sucker, symbolizing Carnegie Tech, and the perfect pun, “When butterscotch are made, Purdue will make ’em,” beneath.
Kappa Sigs Won’t Talk Kappa Sigma did not choose to express any opinion on the matter, being firm believers in the fallacy that everyone is losing sleep over the thought of plagiarism. When ye reporter rang the Phi Gam house, some last year’s rhinie jumped on the phone and poured a continuous dribble of nothing into the trans-
mitter about the “few boards” and “stupendous things” planned by the Russell street boys.
Alpha Gamma Rho decided to let the public in on its big secret also. A large railroad train, engine and all, loaded with Boilermakers is shown in the midst of a crossing crash—-the ill-fated car being filled with Carnegie men. The theme, we understand, is to.be “The Wreck of Carnegie Tech” or “What happened to the team after the second quarter.” Carnegie Tech Dies? Various other little interpretations of the forthcoming gridiron battle consist of big emery wheels (ATO), statues of Andy Carnegie and John Purdue in combat (Phi Delt), a circus “measure your strength” machine (SPE), and the regular coffin scene with Carnegie Tech in the role of corpus delicti, by Beta Sigma Psi.
Kizer, Lambert Part
Of Picture Display
HOLLAND. Cornell. End. Inspiring his underdog teammates to overturn the 14year Colgate jinx, Brud Holland, scored three touchdowns in the last quarter, two of them on end-around play. He was a smashing, unstoppable ball-carrying, wingman whose rugged figure domipated every important play of the game. 'dSolland is the first end to receive a Card of'Merit this season.
ANDREW^,^ Nebraska. Halfback. Sharing stellar honors with several of his teammates who scoffed at Minnesota’s five-year victory reign—this driving halfback witht the basebdil arm, made Nebraska’s scoring possible by his amazing forward passing. He receives a Card of Merit for his all around excellence.
McCarthy. Notre Dame. Halfback. This shifty, heady halfback played a bangup game on defense. He tossed timely passes that netted touchdowns and pi'ovided the highlight thriller of the afternoon with an 85-yard touchdown run from scrimmage. McCarthy rates All America consideration.
MARKOV. Washington. Tackle. Weighing 212 pounds, this husky lineman shoved his Tro;^an opponents in all directions. Royal Brougham. Seattle Post Intelligencer, wires that Markov has been the bgst lineman on the field in both Washington victories to date. He is a fast charger, smart player and a fine defensive tackle especially under pressuie.
HUSTON. Oregon. Guard. The accurate toe, the perfect poise and the coordination of mind and muscle as exemplified by left guard, Joe Huston, proved to be the end of Stanford’s domination over Oregon and game No. 13 in their series brought a, long anticipated victory to the determined players from the northwest. Huston’s conversion ol the extia point after touchdown, proved again that a good kicker is indispensable to a good team.
ROGERS. Texas A & M. Halfback. After three hard periods of up-hill football, witli every indication of defeat, the Texas Aggies defeated Manhattan in the closing period. Rogers, brilliant halfback, was tHe kev man in the winning drive. His line bucking, spinning, open-field running and great competitive spirit, supplied the spark ot final victory.
HALL. Brown. Halfback. Pounding away at the line of a sturdy foe, blocking holes in the defensive line, taking out (Continued on page 4)
Co-ed Cord Skirts Are Now Available
One hundred and seven senior women bedecked in the chosen yellow cord skirts will enter the stadium in a body this afternoon before the Homecoming game. The girls will meet at X :30 o’clock at the Fieldhouse corner. When the group reaches the stands, they will scatter to their respective reserved seats. The yellow cord skirts are available at Gullion’s Clothing Store any time this morning, Mary Alice Masters is chairman of the committee in charge of skirts.
Attention of the visiting alumni is directed to the pictures of the UniviefTsity’s famous football and basketball men that have recently been placed on permanent exhibition in the game room, of the Memorial Union Building. Pictures now in place include those of “Nobe” Kizer, “Piggy” Lambert, “Dutch” Fehring, Oliphant, Kessler, and many others. Additions will be made from time to, time as prints of other “past” notables become available and as new names are made in the present and future history of the University. Aiding in the selection of the pictures Were Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, and Robert Woodworth," acting athletic director.
Students, Grads Dance
At Homecoming Mixer;
Varsity Show Turns
The Radio Spotlight
On Purdue Campus
A cross section of college life went over the "air to a potential audience of 15 million people last night as the Pontiac Varsity Show, that was groomed and polished to a split second accuracy, put Purdue in the nation’s collegiate spotlight with a half hour of skit, song, and variety
“We’ve had excellent co-opera tion from the University,” said Paul Dumont, veteran announcer, who with Jack Roche, helped whip the show into shape. “You’ve given the other universities a mark to shoot at.”
Top-Notch Talent
“The talent was top-notch,” com mented Roche. “Nothing amateurish about it; they took it like a bunch of professionals.”
Injured Ends Handicap Team's Hope Of Victory
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE Position CARNEGIE TECH Britt LE Keller Schreyer (C) LT Sutherland Bykowski LG Kawchak Humphrey C Miskevics (C) Grant RG Pyzynsld Woltman RT Campbell Vergane RE Cratsley Cody Isbell QB Kopesak Cecil Isbell LH Matelan Brock RH Camelly Juska FB r. Lee
OFFICIALS-—Referee, Fred Gardner, Cornell; umpire, Ray Eichenlaub; Notre Dame; field judge, Dick Miller, Indianapolis; head linesman, Joe Lipp, Chicago.
AMPLE PARKING FACILITIES Enlarged parking facilities that will provide ample space for all automobiles will greet the crowd that gathers for the Pnrdue-Car-negie Tech game. In addition to the old parking lot southwest of the stadium, a new large parking fleld is in operation northwest of the stadium. Entrance to the new parking lot may be made from State Road 52 just north of the West Lafayette city limits, where the turn will be well marked with signs. In spite of a brisk advance ticket sale, plenty of reserved seats, as well as several thousand bargain general admission tickets, priced at only $1.00, including tax, will be available at game time.
BROADCAST—WBAA, Purdue; WHBU, Anderson; and WIRE, Indianapolis (NBC Blue Network) following World’s Series baseball game, starting at about 3:15 o’clock.
Carnegie Tech’s imposing array of veteran gridders, scenting a chance to^ duplicate their victory of two years ago, will invade the Ross-Ade Stadium here this afternoon to meet a determined Purdue eleven in a colorful Homecoming encounter that promises to be one of
Raeburn Play^ Tonight
Iron Key Selects Nine
Senior Activity Men
Iron Key, campus secret honorary for senior men, announces the induction of nine members of the University class of 1938. New Iron Key men are William H. Barry, school of chemical engineering; Charles D. Ehinger, electrical engineering; A. Hugh Forster, public service engineering; R. Paul Manion, public service engineering; William C. Musham, mechanical engineering; Louis E. Putze, public service engineering; Daniel J. Rohyans, science; F. Thomas Sheets, civil engineering; and Ward K. Stallings, mechanical engineering.
A giant drawing of Captain Marty Schreyer, surrounded by photographs of senior gridmen, looked down upon dancing couples last night at,the homecoming mixer in the Memorial Union ballroom. Phil Levant, composer of last year’s hit tune “Afterglow,” and his orchestra, played for the students and grads in for homecoming, after completing a six months’ engagement at the Walnut Room of the Bismark Hotel.
I Boyd Raeburn and' his orchestra will provide the rhythm for the regular mixer tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 9 to 12 p. m. Raeburn has previously played at the South Shore Country 'Club of Chicago. The regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail.
(Under perfect control, a capacity audience filled Memorial Gymnasium and responded heartily to a lively, moving program carried on wholly by student oganizations. The band, the concert choir, the glee club, the orchestra, and individual numbers, interspersed with clever skits, keyed interest to a pitch that released itself in an ovation as President Elliott’s message was read and the show was concluded with mass sing of “Hail, Purdue.”
Inspires Loyalty Those in the audience felt a new loyalty to their alma mater as they heard and saw familiar campus figures present Purdue to the world.
“It was a fine program,” came the word from those who heard the program over the air. “Clear reception,” said others.
“There is no part of the civilized world where this program could not be heard with a good radio,” said Dumont. “Just think about that for a minute.”
Subscribe To Exponent, $3.50 At Union
A streamlined Exponent, carrying latest campus news, in your mail six days a week at $3.50 for the school year . . . that’s the offer made to today’s visiting alumni by this paper. Although selling to University alumni at last year’s price, the Exponent is publishing six issues weekly this year, one better than the 1986-37 offering. The extra paper comes out on Sunday, carrying a play by play description of the preceding Saturday’s football game and final scores of the nation’s leading gridiron contests. Another feature of the 1937-38 Sunday Exponent is “The Week’s News,” written by associate editors of the paper. Follow Purdue sports, keep up with University improvements in teaching and equipment, read campus humor ip “Bold and Black,” gel your Exponent subscription and free copy of the paper tpday at the Exponent desk in the Memorial Union Building.
the outstanding intersectional games of the season. Crowd Expected With the homecoming urge added to the pull of a game packed with spectacular possibilities, a near capacity crowd is expected to be on hand at the kick-off, although plenty of reserved seats and general admission tickets will be available at game time. Prom the standpoint of the spectators, considerable color will be added to the game by an impressive flag raising ceremony at 1:45 p. m. in which senior officers in the R. O. T. C. will join with the band, and a between-halves formation by the justly famous Purdue military band which will burst forth with a brand new, elaborate drill. Veterans Out Although the Boilermakers will be minus the services of both of their veteran ends, Don Powell and Jim Zachary, due to injuries, they are banking on a passing attack built around the accurate hurling of Cecil Isbell in the effort to hit the comeback trail. Ca,rnegie, always noted for its defensive tactics, will present a veteran stalwart forward wall combination that is expected to provide a tough proposition for running attempts. The invaders, although caught napping with a reserve eleven on the field after they had piled up a two touchdown lead on N. Y. U., displayed new-found scoring power last Saturday, and eastern critics, discounting the opening loss, believe the Tartans headed for one of their greatest years. Under a brand new coaching staff, transplanted bodily from the Pittsburgh campus, the Tartans have developed a typical Pittsburgh type of power attack that will provide the acid test of a Purdue line that was badly battered by Ohio State last Saturday.
Alumni Dine In Honor Of 1912 Grid Squad's Silver Anniversary
Last night 300 Purdue alumni met in the ballroom of the Union to honor the 1912 football team, and in particular seniors of the squad. Silver football figures were given to the seniors of the ’12 squad. Another award was given to Dan Hayne, of Kansas City who was yell leader in 1912. Hayne is said to have been “tops” as a yell leader when in school.
President Edward C. Elliott made the principle address. Mal Elward, acting head coach; David E. Ross,*^ President of the Board of Trustees; and Bob Woodworth, acting director of athletics, spoke. Burr Swezey president of the general alumni association, presided. H. R, Safford, Houston, Tex., who is a 1895 grad and at present is executive of the Union Pacific lines, acted as toastmaster.
Deflated Life Raft May Be Clue To Earhart
A possible clue to the fate of Amelia Earhart, Captain Noonan, and the Purdue plane came to light Thursday when a deflated rubber raft was tossed ashore at Hawaii.
The main feature of the program was the “Var'sity Show.” The glee club, dressed as football players, sang several numbers. Ruth and Ruby Colgrove, Purdue ’36, did several specialties.
County Agent Conference Ends With Banquet In Union
The Extension Workers’ Conference, annual conclave for county agricultural agents, home advisors, and vocational agriculture teachers which began here last Tuesday, was brought to a close yesterday noon with a banquet in the Memorial Union Building. Dr. E. C. Elliott, acting as toastmaster, introduced the speaker. Dr. G. I. Chinstie of Ontario, Canada, former director of agricultural extension woi-k in Indiana.
agent leader of Neuf York State, and W. P. Jackson of New York City also addressed the gathering. Dean J. H. Skinner spoke at the morning session.P'i-i;’:
m
l5n i-SS^v'
ft:I-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT;
Saturday^ October 9, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
tn o c-K ^sociiitrd gbUegiate 'jgrcss
RBPREBBNTBD FOR NAllONAu ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CtllCAOO - BOSTQH • t08 AlicELES - SAH FRAMCISCO
Editorial Phone 6087 Campus Subscriptions $S per year
OFPICE^312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF .
R. P. Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. G. Miller
ISSUE EDITOR. Torrence October 9, 1937 NIGHT EDITOR .......Schroeder
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. The Campus Is Yours, Alumui The Purdue campus is yours today, Alumni . . . yours for inspection, contemplation, retrospection, and enjoyment. During the remainder of the school year we students pretty well monopolize the University scene, but today we step aside for the men and women who have been the Purdue of the past. You will find many evidences of the progressive spirit of the University today. Alumni; you will find actualities that were the dreams of your Purdue past. Foremost among those realized dreams is a nearly completed Fieldhouse—a $652,000 fieldhouse whose plans for construction were announced at last year’s Homecoming and whose building was made possible partly through your generosity. Purdue’s new Fieldhouse is a magnificent structure, fully capable of housing the indoor athletic activi-
ties of a large and growing student body. The Fidldhouse is only a part of the campus building that has been finished during the past year and which is now in the process of construction. Another residence hall, for women was just completed this summer; additions are being made to the Physics Building and to the Service and Stores Building; plans are underway for two new men’s halls, for a new chemical engineering unit, a new horticultural building, and for the remodeling of Eliza Fowler Hall into a student playshop. You will find almost 700 more students on the campus today,, than were here a year ago—6,176 students in all, a 12 per cent increase over last year. Largest engineering institution in the iworld last year, the University boasts 400 more; prospective engineers in 1937. Purdue’s only fully motorized ROTC unit in the nation now includes 2,568 students and is divided into two brigades that assemble for separate corps days each week. But you will learn all these things as you attend the programs that have been planned for you this week-end. Make the most of the class luncheons, banquets, reunions, of the cross country meet and the freshmen football game this morning, of this afternoon’s gridiron struggle with Carnegie Tech, of tonight’s smokers and dance. Get around over the campus to see the traditional homecoming decorations.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main street.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
FOR RENT—Furnished student rooms. Modern. 117 E. Oak street. Telephone 3739 afternoons or evenings.
WANTED—^ Roommate. Private near campus. Phone 41061.
FOR RENT—To University staff member or acceptable party. Seven rooms furnished, from October 16. Only $85. 405 East Stadium. Phone 45094. Large grounds. Fine views.
FOR RENT—Room for one, board for three. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
ROOM AND BOARD—^Vacancy for one student. 108 Waldron. Ph. 41852.
LOST—Brown Waterman fountain pen. Elbert J. Drazy. Phone 65932. Reward.
LOST—Black Schaffer fountain pen. Mary Ruth Thornburg, 129 Russell. Phone 2641.
ROOM AND BOARD—Place for one student. 219 S. Grant.
LOST — Wednesday. Shaeffer pencil in power plant or M. E;. Building or between. Name Reinhard on it. Call 35571. Reward.
, FOR sale—1936 model men’s Braeburn semi-over topcoat, gray. Phone 61261. ;
ROOM FOR RENT—To men students, modern, close to campus, reasonable. 339 West Oak.
ENGINEERING STUDENTS — Get subscription to Purdue Engineer from Monson. Call 2501.
Popcorn
Candy
Drinks
Home-comers will find our place convenient for their
wants and everthing first-class.
DAD’S PLACE —So Handy
PRIEDMAN’Q * FINE FOODS 8th and Main - Lafayette
All Popiilar Brands of Beer We solicit fraternity and sorority accounts. Call Mr. Friedman for prices. Open Every Day and Sunday Until 10 at Night Phones 3021 and 3022 We Deliver
mm-
-LAST DAY-
Johnny Mack Brown —in— “BAR Z BAD MAN” —and— John Wayne “I COVER THE WAR”
SUNDAY — MONDAY WALLACE BEERY WARNER BAXTER “SLAVE ^HIP”
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
10% DISCOUNT 10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office, 132 Vine St. We also do dry cleaning, hat cleaning and shoe repairing. Pick-up and delivery service if desired. Phone 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY 132 Vine St.„ W. Lafayette 641 Main St., Lafayette
Holding the ice pack in one hand and this rag in the other^ please try to keep the ice from dripping onto the p'age. Wotta nite, wotta nite! Wandered into the Blazer last night, and wotta rat race. Grads, grads. Under the tables, rolling on the floor, playing hide and seek, everyone buying everyone a drink. We saw “pretty pipes” Mary Ed draped over a cocktail lounge. Resting up after that broadcast she was with her mudder and some frans. There was Bud Rhoades sitting beside her coifing up one whole greenback every time for a round of drinks for Mamma and the bunch. The sweat was streaming qif his brow. My God, what a fish. Glenn “Fish” Brown, Gimlet prex is still trying his damndest to date Ga. Huber. Still no luck. She just doesn’t realize wot a big shot Brown
Speaking of Gold Diggers, How nice—I guess—to have a date a whole month ahead. Dick Oblinger S. A. E., has a date with a freshie by the name of Evelyn Goodwan.
WELCOME GRADS W ells-Y eager-Best The Prescription Drug Store West Side Square
Girdle Brassiere
$3.50 $1.00
GRIN AND bear IT
By Lichty
‘Oh’, I don’t know her very well—only enough to talk about her!”
HOT STUFF! What do the SAE’s have?????? Blanche Kernel and Sweet Shop Hallam were browsing around the
Thieme & Wangerin Co. 622-24-26 Main Street
—PLUS—
SlGim^NEVER BIFOlfiSEERI
—COMING SUNDAY— WARNER BAXTER LORETTA YOUNG VIRGINIA BRUCE in “Wife, Doctor and Nurse”
Blazer as usual. They cudn’t pass it by on homecoming.
—COMING SUNDAY— RONALD COLEMAN in “LOST HORIZON”
la a"iiJ
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
The Rough and Tumble Musical Hit of the Year!
Cl.A^aKtka£r
—todaypublic WEDDING THE SHADOW STRIKES
The Latest Issue of MARCH OF TIME
For the Twenty-Seventh Time OLD GRADS We Bid You WELCOME The Varsity Boot Shop West Lafayette
Imm
Saturday, October 9, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Frosh Gridders Clash To Entertain Alumni
A preview of future Boilermaker grid teams will be flashed on upper* Stuart Field at 10:30 a. m. today when two picked freshmen teams meet in a game arranged for the entertainment of alumni here for the annual Homecoming. All Set To Go One team of freshmen will be clad in gold uniforms and the other in black jerseys. Coach Elmer Burnham of the freshman squad hSs been'l)utting his charges through a stiif series of workouts and rehear-
sals this past week in preparation for this grid prevue. A squad of 50 picked players has been divided in half for the gold and black teams. The Black team has been coached in Carnegie Tech plays and has been scrimmaging with the varsity this week. The gold team, using Northwestern plays pits its strength against its freshman opponent before using the new plays against the varsity next week.
For Varsity Town Clothes $19.75 Visit $22.75
THE HUB Corner Main and Fifth Streets
Welcome Home Purdue Alumni Make This Homecoming the Best Yet B Purdue I Carnegie Tech T
All American Value! Keep warm at the game withone of Penney's fancy BLANKETS $1.59 Large Size
All American Value! See our line of MACKINAW jACKETS Blue Melton $2.98 Plaids $3.98-$5.90 Plaid Goats $7.90 Parka Hood Mack. Coats $11.90
Pihllips' Thinlyclad$ Meet little Giants' Today, 10:30 a. m.; Run Over New Course
Purdue’s new three-and-a-half mile cross-country track course will be inaugurated today at 10:30 a. m. when the Boilermakers cross country team entertains the Wabash’s “Little Giants” in a dual meet. Second Meet It will be the second meet of the season for Coach Hermon Phillips’ gold and black thin-clads who journeyed to Pittsburgh last Saturday and were defeated, 34-21 by the University of Pittsburgh. “Whoever wins this race Satur-
day is bound to set a new course record,” Coach Phillips laughed. “It’s a new course that we’ve just finished laying out and this will be the first meet to be run over it.” The course starts m the stadium and covers some rough and, according to the cross country trackmen, very interesting territory. Course Still Unfamiliar The Purdue track men will have very little advantage over the Wabash men as far as familiarity with
Don’t Take A Chance When Buying Food For Quality Visit The Big Rock Market
All American Value! Men Here Are Values SWEATERS $1.98 - $3.98 LEATHER JACKETS $6.90 - $10.90 SHIRTS 98c and $1.49 SOCKS 19c and 25c TIES 49c and 69c RAIN COATS $3.98 - $5.90
All American Value! Penney's carry a full line of merchandise for the ladies. Dresses, Coats, Hats, Underwear, Hose, Shoes, Gloves, etc.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Sil udent
“DEAC” Everything for a CoOege Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. itlSK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette < Phone 4965 ^ Dine —— DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the ‘ VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Qt^ality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortmeat of eorsacres available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 I
Locksmith
“C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing: Bicycle Rentals and Repairing: Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
99
“Bowll We Go? TO GAME— . TO DINNER —
TO DANCE
Does this bother you too? Why not let us help you? Lafayette Street Railway is here to offer you quick, dependable transportation day and night—rain or shine, for five cents including transfers.
Lafayette Street Railway
the course is concerned. The course is so new they aren’t familiar with it themselves yet, although Coach Phillips has been putting them through stiff workouts this week. Time trials were run Wednesday afternoon over the new course, and six men who will run in the meet Saturday were selected. Those who qualified for the meet and the order in which they finished are: Knapp, Marozick, Long, Mazur, Bell, and Bodeau. The squad has been ’improving fast and expects to be near top form for Saturday’s meet. Bodeau fin-
Jeff BroiKhos Tied The Crawfordsville Athenians last night tied the Jefferson Bronchos 13-13 on upper Stuart Field, Jeff led at the half, 13-0, on touchdowns by Allen and Lancaster. But Crawfordsville came back to match the two Broncho tallies, the next half, on runs by Britton and Thompson.
ished first in the field at Pittsburgh, but the new course bothered him in the trials Wednesday,
WELCOME
ALUMNI
STUDENTS
FRIENDS
The Lafayette Insurance Co
F. L. ALEXANDER, President
E. L. MARSHALL Vice-President W. R. SMITH Field Vice-President X
J. W.LENK Secretory-Treasurer R. G. YEAGER Supt. of Agencies
A MUTUAL LEGAL RESERVE COMPANY
WELCOME BACK TO OLD PURDUE
Deac has 100 different kinds of Purdue souvenirs for your selection. If you want to take back a remembrance of your old school; drop in and we will be glad to show you the new souvenirs.
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
iS is®THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday/ October 9, 1937
ARC
LAST DAY-
—ALSO— WARNER BAXTER and GAIL PATRICK in “THE WHITE HUNTER” plus "Robinson Crusoe” Serial SUNDAY AND MONDAY JEANETTE MacDONALD and NELSON EDDY > I in “MAYTIMl^”
All America Ratings (Continued from page 1)
tacklcis for his own teammates and deliverino: two touchdowns at the end of sustained maiches and well executed plays— Hall was the outstandinK player aKainst one of the best defensive teams seen in the east this season SIVAK. New York University. Halfback. Paced by two sensational teammates, Sivak, a foul th quarter substitute, rose to dramatic heights, eluded enemy tacklers, snared a forward pass and capped his great perfoimance for the afternoon with a gamewinning touchdown Outmaneuvered, outplayed and completely out-scored for two quarters NYU thundered to victoiy behind the momentum of this All America prospect (Copyright 19371
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Subscribe for the Exponent
P. I. A.: All mteiested In enrolling 1 dance class call at PIA office from 4 to
5:30 p. m. any day until October 9. —CLYMBR.
W. A. A. Tennis: The followiibg games must be played by October 9: Rumann vs. Swift; Sexton vs. Merritt; Heeter vs. Demoret; Swick. vs. Thelmas j Walker vs. Stocker; Owen vs. Mather ; Kesler vs. Rendall, Schilling vs. Morris; Anderigg vs. Beck : Jackson vs. Petticrew ; Spry vs. Baxter : and Meyer vs. Davidson. See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents. —JENKINS.
ganization will be held in room C of the Union Building at 7 ;30 p. m., October 12. —WINTER.
A. S. M. E.: All interested in joining the A. S M E , sign up in G. A. Young’s office by October 11. —CLUTTER.
Christian Students: Meet at the church at 1 -30 Octobei 10 to go to Kemmer’s cottage. There will be a 16 cent charge. —CRISS.
Forestry Club: Turn in membership books before October 9 —YOUNG. W. A. A. Riflery: Practice October 11. Waid 4 at 6 ;16 p m , Ward 1 at 7 :00 p. m., and W R H North at 7 :46 p. m. —CHRISTENSON.
Junior Military Students: Draw 3unior uniforms in cadet officers’ room October 11 and 12. —WHISTLER.
Senior Cadet Officers: Those participating in the flag raising ceremonies October 9, weal white shirts —WICKERSHAM.
Christian Science Organization: Regulai meeting of the Christian Science Or-
Baltimore Clothes Shop Store for Men QUALITY CLOTHES Hats and Furnishings Special Showing 50 Topcoats r
Hello Grads! Use a dependable Yellow Cab to and from the stadium
5 0 2 3
3 0 7 1
YELLOW CAB
Back Home Again In Indiana WELCOME ALUMNI
T0DAY,,.as we have done so often, we welcome you back to the campus of your alm^ mater PURDUE, YESTERDAY...when you rdamed the campus...the halls of learning...the fields of spohts, are in all probability pleasant memories, TOMORROW...when you go back to your field.of activities...your versions about PURDUE will be rather enlarged and full of fascination. PURDUE...from a small beginning has grown into one of the largest schools of learning in all the world... thanks to the splendid leadership of its president Dr. Elliott. L0EB'S...has not stood still in all these years, the store has expanded and is recognized today as the leading shopping center of Northwestern Indiana. If you have time to spare,'would you be kind enough to pay us a visit and view all the modern improvements we've made since you'were at Purdue, just as you wonder at the <many huge new buildings added to the campus in later years? We're Glad To Have You With Us and extend all of our many Service Facilities to you, LOEB & HENE COMPANY
Ushers and Police: The following men, in addition to those who ushered at the Butler game, report to the stadium. Gate 2, at 12:15 October 9. H. Ahrends, W. E. Bartling, G. E. Baumle, J. D. Beals, H. N. Behrends, W. S. Bendell, P. O. Black, D. M. Boatright^ R. O. Borton, H. Brenman, A. D. Brown. E D. Carr, R. B. Clark, C. J. Crum, J. A. DeLaCroix, E. W. DeWitt, J. H. Dinius, S. J. Dix, R. S. Ferguson, P. T. Frartgos, P. S. Fullion. G. N. Gardner, A. V. Gaulke, J. E. Glardon, J. Greiner, Paul Hannah, L. C. Hess, R. J. Hines, V. E. Holmes, G. L. Hutton, J. Jackson, E. C. Kelly, L. T. Kurtz, W. D. Lahey, C. A. Lavengood. H. S Laycock, L. E. Lucas, U. L. McConnell, J. N. Maudlin, C. B. Miles, M. I., Miller, J. O. Mills, R. Ray. H. Schlldnjeier, J. L. Simons, R. J. Spencer, Donald Stangle, C. H. Watkins, P. H Weisman, C. E. Whistler, J. E. Wundeilay. —SANDERS.
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges will meet October 12 at 6:15 a. m. near the bridge back of the Civil Engineering Building —WALING.
Union Sophomores: All sophomores report to Kappa Kappa Gamma house at 8 a. m , October 9, to help on Homecoming arrangements. —TAYLOR.
M. T. 2 Condition Exam: An examination for the removal of C 'grade in M. T. 2 will be held in room 103, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 9. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the
Armory office before noon, November 6. —HAYFOED.
Speech Clinic: Clinic will be closed October 11, 12, and 13. —STEER.
M. T. 4 Condition Exam: An examination for removal of C grade in M. T. 4 will be held in room 201, Aimory, at 4 p. m , November 1. Students desiring to take this exam should report to me at the Armoiy office before noon, October 29. —HAYFORD.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: There will be a short meeting in the cadet officers’ room in the Armoiy^ at 4 p. m. October 11. —BARRY.
Football Managers: Report at the fieldhouse at 12:30 p. m., October 9. Manageis not having classes report at Stewart Field at 9:30 a. m.. —BROWN, CAMPBELL.
W. A. A. Hockey: Alumnae vs. underclassmen game October 9 at 10:80 a. m., at the Women’s Athletic Field. Sophomores: Men wishing to apply for sophomore debate manager meet in Mom 301 of University Hall on October 11 at ^ *’• *"• —HORN.
Senior Military Students: Meet at south end of the football field at 1:30 wearing regulation uniforms with garrison caps and white shirts. —MUSHAM. Gold Peppers: Report to Kappa Kappa Gamma house the morning of October 9 to help deliver balloons. _sloCUM. Gold Peppers: Get sweaters at Chi Omega house after 9:00 p. m. October 9. Bring money. —SLOCUM.
Don’t Forget Hires Root Beer Milk Shakes Sandwiches Delivery or Curb Service Green Gables
WELCOME ALUMNI STUDENTS FRIENDS If you follow the crowd — and if you do you can’t go wrong— you will get extra quality and quantify in food for lower prices. AT HUTTON'S CAFE
418 FERRY ST.
LAFAYETTE
Treat Your Homecoming Guests to VELLINGER’S Home Made Ice Cream Butter Toasted Salted Nuts We deliver to the West Side. Phone your orders. Phone 2727 or 8232