r
i /C
4 t
■» * - ^ <
z.iis
FoumM In f889
Dally Sfaien 1906
Volume 52, No. 148
West Lafayette# Indiana
Saturday# Afxiil 5# 1941
i^y
Nazis Assert British Mass At Serb Line Indicates More General Move Against Holdouts Anting Balkan States By David M. Nichol SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Serrice. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, In«. Berlin, April 4—The ap*pearance in the German press for the first time today of assertions that British troops have landed in Greece and marched to the Yugoslavian border was believed here to indicate that Germany may undertake to settle its Balka'n difficulties in a 'more geperal move, aimed to jar the remaining holdouts into conformity with the “new order.” The announcement of English troop landings assumed special significance in the light of Hitler’s speeches earlier this year in which he said that the English would feel the full force of the German armies whenever and wherever they attempted to gain a foothold on the continent. Atrocities Are Depicted _ Authorized circles here today declined any further comments, however, in connection with Greece. They repeated that the situation in^ Yugoslavia has shown no improvement from the German view, and the German press continues to publish accounts of alleged atrocities and threats against persons of German descent. The campaign has been somewhat dimmed here by news of the German successes in Africa. German accounts of the British tioop landings assert that in the last week the English forces in Greece have reached a strength of 150,000 to 200,000 men. 56 Teams Enter First Round Of Bridge Piay Fifty-six teams of four player* are entered in the first qualifying round of the all-campus contract bridge tournament, sponsored by the Student Union, which is scheduled to open this afternoon at 1 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. A second qualifying round will be played in two weeks, and two elimination rounds and a championship round will follow in successive ■weeks. No eliminations will be made until after the second round. Teams receiving highest scores for each of the five sessions will receive cartons of cigarettes. The winning team will receive a gold trophy and a silver cup will be awarded the second-place team. r.l.h. Campus Varieties . . , will not be presented this afternoon at 3:30 o’clock as previously scheduled. NOTICE; NAVAL RESERVE COMMISSION APPLICANTS Several weeks ago juniors and seniors in the engineering schools at Purdue were encouraged to apply for United States Naval Reserve Commissions. As yet we have no indication of the action which the Navy Department is planning to take regarding these applications, but it is our belief that only a small percentage of the applicants recommended will ultimately receive commissions. Dean Potter agrees with me that these applicants would bo wise to make industrial connections. There are many good companies still coming to the campus for men, and opportunities for employment are still being presented to our seniors. David L, Arm, Acting Director of Personnel
lnter-Squa4 Game Closes Football Clink; Campus Co-ops Host To Mid-Western
Leahy, Foster Talk At Morning Sessions
By Ed Young
Winding up this afternoon at 2 o’clock with a regulation game between two picked Boilermaker squads, the tenth annual University football clinic must be chalked up as a noble success. This morning the contingent of over 300 high school and college coaches listen to W. J. Foster, Newport, Ky., high school coach, discuss “Assignments Against a Switching Defense,” plus a discourse on “Football Strategy” by the new Notre Dame athletic director and football menton, Frank Leahy. Kearns Entertains .. - . ■..■■■ .
The highlight of yesterday’s session was the evening banquet, where James Kearns, Chicago Daily News sports writer, spoke. Kearns declared that while most newspapermen admitted that there are some things wrong with intercollegiate football, in the main, they
are solidly behind it.
He pointed out that coaches should stress eligibility in the high schools, impressing on athletes the difference between high school and
college.
Conference; Hull Will Speak Tonight
Researchers Prepare 19 Papers; Record For AChS Convention University staff members will present 19 papers at the semi-an-fiual meeting of the American Chemical Society in St. Louis next week, Monday through Friday. This is the largest number of papers from the University that has ever been presented at a meeting of the society, although at last September’s session more papers were presented from here than from any other institution. \ Staff members collaborating.* on the papers are H. R. Kraybill, Hugo W. Nilgon, C. L. Comar, F. P. Zscheile, Jr., J. E. Leys, Ed F. Degering, C. R. Porter, W. B. Ligett, L. P. Biefeld, Philip J. Elving, Wilbur R. McElroy, Grant S. Winn, Ralph C. Corley, Ernest Anderson, Leslie A. Gillette, Millard Seeley, S. Golden, H. H. Remmers, Karl Schaef, Albert A. Dietz, H. H. Schopmeyer, E. T. McBee, Elizabeth F. Riley, H. B. Hass, M. E. Bailey, J. H. Mitchell, Jr., G. Bryant Bachman, Melvin J. Astle, Thomas DeVries, Ben T. Collins, R. H. Ewell, L. M. Welch and E. M. Burdick. Dr. Degering of the department of chemistry will preside as chairmain at the student program Thursday morning. Gary Dads, Mothers Hear Elliott Tonight President E. C. Elliott will address the dinner meeting of the Purdue Dads’ and Mothers’ Association at 6:30 o’clock tonight in the Gary YMCA. Following his talk. Dr. Elliott will lead a discussion period and answer any questions regarding to the University and its curriculum that the parents may have. Three students, Wallace Woodrow, baritone, and Vernon Westburg, violinist, accompanied by Richard Thornton on the piano will provide the evening’s musical entertainment, Mrs, Eugene T. Lehman of Gary, president of the association, will preside at the meeting, e.k. Purdue Religious Council To Present Play Tomorrow “The United States of America vs. Arle Brooks,” a one-act play, will be presented by the peace committee of the Purdue Religious Council tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock at the University Presbyterian Church. Technical assistance will be given by the Wesley Players. The cast includes Dale Moffet, Charles Jay, Tom McConaha, Ed Gilbert, Howard Hamilton and Dojrt Hamilton. Admission will be free.
Sportswomen Present 1941 Penny Carnival At 7:30 Tonight In Gym University Sportswomen will present their annual Penny Carnival tonight in the Women’s Gymnasium. As in previous year^ the gym will be lined with booths erected by the various participating groups. Admission into any booth will be one cent. Doors will open at 7:30 o’clock. Starting at 8:15 o’clock a program consisting of badminton game played by Don Douglass and Lou Thomas vs. Hyman Goldstein and Hazel Smith will take places Shirley Emhoff and Pat McFarland will give a fencing demonstration, and tumbling clowns will put on a novel
performance.
Swimming Exhibition A water ballet by the Triton Club will be givqn at 8:30 o’clock and again at 9 o’clock Patty Aspinall from Indianapolis will give a short demonstration of her national rec-ord-breaker breaststroke. Balloons, which will decorate the ceiling o fthe gym, will float down among the carnival goers about >9 o’clock. Within some of them will be found free tickets which can be exchanged for candy, cokes and
popcorn.
Dancing will be held from 9 to 12 o’clock. The price is ten cents for one dance or thirty-nine cents for all evening. Price for entrance into the carnival is ten cents. Union Presents First Informal Stag Dance To Campus Tonight Been waiting for a chance to meet the “Blonde Venus” that is always going the other way as you perambulate along to your 1 o’clock? Could be that she will be at the first of the Union stag dances tonight in the south ballroom of the
Union.
The mixer is informal with saddle shoes, sweaters and sport coats'in order. Cutting will be permitted only between dances. Music will be by Bill Martin and his band, and the vocals by Jean Skinner. The backdrop will depict a lonely man leaning against a lamp
post.
Funeral Services Today For Mrs. G. M. Greene Funeral services will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock for Mrs. Gertrude M. Greene, wife of Prof. Laurenz Greene, head of the University horticulture department. Services will be held at the Roger and Henderson Funeral Home, in charge of Rev. J. W. Findley, University student pastor. Mrs. Greene succumbed Thursday night following an illness of several weeks.
Today
Dr. Rice To Present ^ h.HuF/ 'Physician's Marital Views'At First Talk AWS Will Sponsor New
Marriage Class Series
Dr. Thurman B. Rice, professor of bacteriology and public health at Indiana university extension, will be the speaker at the first of a series of two marital lectures, sponsored by AWS, Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 101 of
the Education Building.
The subject of his talk will be “Marriage From a Man Physician’s Point of View.” Dr. Rice has been a speaker for the University mar-
riage course.
“Marriage Prom a Woman Physician’s Point of View” will be discussed by Dr. Elizabeth Straus of Chicago at the second lecture of
the series.
Previously four lectures were scheduled and only senior women were admitted, but this year there are but two lectures, and junior and senior women will be admitted by
passport?. '
Jane Server is in charge of the arrangements, and cards will be sent out this week by AWS to all iumor and senior women.
... is the lust day of the Student Senate rummage sale which is being held in room 230 of the Union. Everything from coats to shoe-trees can be found there. So far, fiftyfive dollars have been taken in, which will be used by the Senate for running expenses.
350 Future Farmers Attend Dinner Ending Three-Day Convention Three hundred and fifty of Indiana’s two thousand Future Farmers of America will return to their homes today after the closing of their three-day* state convention held on campus. One of the highlights of the convention was the banquet held last evening in the south ballroom of the Union. Prom the opening songs furnished by three pretty girls from Camden until the closing announcements the three hundred and fifty guests were entertained in royal fashion. Gerald Alexander, Parke county school superintendent, was the principal speaker of the evening and in his talk he pointed out that in order to have a rich and full life the yoking men of today must love the soil, their home and parents, their work, their country and their fellowmen. d;e.b. Baker Fellowship Awarded To Moss The J. T. Baker Chemical Company Fellowship Committee last week awarded a $1,000 research fellowship in analytical chemistry to the University chemistry departmentf M. L. Moss, graduate student in chemistry, has been selected to receive the fellowship and to work under the direction of Dr. M. G. Mellon. The project of the fellowship will be the study of problems related to colorimetry in analytical chemistry. The University chemistry department is well equipped to carry out this project, as it is the only educational institution in America possessing a recording spectrometer as part of its equipment. Professor Mellon was“a. member of the selection committee that awarded the fellowship to the University. The committee is composed of the five most outstanding analytical chemists in the_ Middle-west. This is the second time that Professor Mellon has been named to serve on this committee, d.t.b.
. . . general manager of the Indiana Farm Bureau, will address delegates of the Mid-West Federation of Campus Co-ops and members of the Student Co-op Association of the University at the first annual banquet of the SCA tonight. The text of his speech will concern the relationship between student and national co-operative groups. —From All Fronts—^ Today's Summary
Of War News
to Ckicago Daily News i^oreien Service. Copyrtekt, 1840. Ckicsgo Daily News, Ine An attack may come at any time it was believed yesterday in Belgrade, following the receipt of reports that German trobps moved southward all night through Budapest. Yugoslavian confidence was bolstered when the Croat leader
swore allegiance.
The Royal Air Force yesterday attacked fiercely the 20,000 motorized Italian-German troops — two armored divisions—making up the force that caused the British to give up Bengasi and to retreat to the uplands of Libya preparatory to making a stand
) “Nothing is added today to the official report of the evacuation of Bengasi,” radioed Robert J. Casey yesterday, who is with the Middle East Command, “but there is plenty of encouraging news from Eritrea and Ethiopia.”
The British and the Germans traded blows in the air during the night Thursday, the Royal Air Force delivering its strongest attack on the port of Brest, where two German battleships are at anchor. 'The Nazis attacked a British town for four hours.
The appearance in the German press yesterday for the first time of assertions that British troops have landed m Greece was believed to have special significance, radioed David M. Nichol, in view of Hitler’s previous threats if Britain should attempt a foothold.
Organization, Sodal Life, Education Part Of Two-Day Program Climaxing a semester of activities as the head of the MidWe^t Federation of Campus Co-ops, the SCA, student cooperative organization on campus, will act as host to a semiannual convention of the MFCC beginning this morning and lasting to tomorrow noon. This is the first time the student co-operative groups of the mid-west have met here. Organization, education and social life of campus- groups will Im discussed at the convention. Feeding and housing cO-ops, student book stores, co-operative food distribution depots and bu3iing organizations will be described to delegates and people attending the
Today's Program Morning 9-12 Registration—Great Hall of the Union.
Afternoon General Session — Rooms Radio Broadcast, WBAA, “Co-ops on the Mid-West Campus.” Committee Meetings — Rwms 363, 355, 356 of the
Union. Evening
Combined Banquet of MFCC, SCA —South Ballroom of Union. Radio Dance — East andWest Faculty Lounges. Tomorrow’s Program
Morning
-General Session — Rooms 363, 355 of Union. Committee Meetings. Adoption of Constitution, Election of Officers. 12:00 Adjournment. -.
1:00 1:45
2:00
6:15
9:00
8:30 9:30
10:00
“Under German pressure to resist British propaganda,” radioed Paul Ghali yesterday, “Vichy’s government today instructed the French radio in occupied France to ‘jam’ all British broadcasts.” Paul Reedy Plays For Phi Mu 'Senior Hop' Tonight Phi Mu social sorority will entertain at a formal “Senior Hop” tonight in the north ballroom of the Union. Paul Reedy will play for dancing from 9 to 12 o’clock. Large Greek letters of the sorority and the names of the gi'aduating seniors feature the blue and white backdrop for the dance.
meetings in an effort to explain setting-up procedures and maintenance. This afternoon a radio broadcast, “Co-ops on the Mid-West Campus,”' will be presented by station WBAA. Persons taking part in the discussion are Larry Myers, of the University; Betty Zunk, Michigan; Erv Bruner, Wisconsin; Curt Kiirnkin, Minnesota; Ray Howard, Chicago, and Ellen Suttner of the University. Hull To-sSpeak I. H. Hull, general maimger of the Indiana Farm Bureau,, will be guest speaker at the first., annual banquet of the SCA in the south ballroom of the Union at o’clock tonight. The text of HuB’sr speech will be the relationship between student and national cooperative organizations. Dr. W. S. Walters, local dentist, presenting a program of sleightnfhand tricks, will demonstrate the unfamiliar adage, “The Hand Is Not Quicker Than the Eye, but It Is Cleverer.*^ Also, the PIAChoms» under the direction cf Irving SmuMvitz, will present a short program at the banquet. ^ Scholarship Awards ^ The William McFaddeu award for scholarship among co-ops will be awarded to the highest ranking womWs and men’s houses, Gleuwood for women and Chaunqrqf for men. An atbletic partieipatum trophy will also be presented to the Chauncey House. In the evening, all delegates and members of the SCA are invited"^ to attend a radio dance to 1^ held at 9 o’clock in both Faculty Lounge of the Union.S^aqjL 2 - J’jtatWuiA,
Saturday# April 5# 1941
(puAduiL £xfummL
9iL JhSL QkuuudhsiA. Unirersity Presbyterian Church Regular Friends discussion group followed by a meeting will be held in the University Church at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Sutton Myers will speak on “Alaskan Expferibnces.”
For Episcopal Students At St, John’s Church, Sixth and Eerry, Lafayette Holy Communion and Blessing of Palms, 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion, including parts of Stainer’s “Th.e Crucifixion” sung by choir of boys and men, also Faure’s “The Palms” sung by Prof. L. W. LaBree and choir, 10:45 a. m. At University Presbyterian Church, North Grant St., West Lafayette Seabury Society meets with Sunday Evening Club, 6:00 p. m.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Comer Columbia and Chauncey Sts. Joseph Baird Gleason, Student Pastor 9:30 a. m., Roger Williams club class; Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m.. Palm Sunday worship service. Decision day and Communion. Music by the Children’s Choir. Sermon: “The Meaning of Salvation.” 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams club social hour. Ten cent lunch at 6 p. m. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams club discussion hour. Louise Peterson will lead the discussion on the “Meaning of the Cross.”
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
She was the school ugly duckling... till a fraternity prank turned her into the sweetheart of the campus ...with a man for every moment of the day!
romance
— TODAYSCATTCRGOOD BAINES
PRIDE the BOWERY
Service related to Palm Sunday. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon: “Man Meets A Master.” 5:16—10c Supper at 126 Chauncey Ave. 6:00—Forum at the Church. Recreation, singing, and discussion will prevail as usual. Prof. Roger Mayhill of the History Dept., will lead our thinking in discussion of the subject: “Imperialism.” 7:00—“ETERNAL LIFE,” a oneact play, will be presented by the Disciples Players as part of the worship program.
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street Rev. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster Foundation 9:30 a. m. The group will continue its discussion of “Christianity and Democracy” led by Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m. The new organ hymnals will be dedicated at the morning worship service. The program will consist chiefly of organ selections played by Miss Joanne! Lloyd, and selections by the choir under the direction of Richard Thornton. Wallace Woodrow will sing “The Lord’s Prayer,” and Vernon Westburg, violinist, will play “Ave Maria.*’ 6:0O p. m. 'the Sunday Evening Clnb •^ill meet in the ehtirch basement for stipper. FolloiVing the suppetj EVof. P. E. Lull will tfead the plap “Family Fortrait.’* All stndents ate invited to join in the felloVrship.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday program at Lafayette Christian Church 6th & North Streets 9:30—Student class. Professor C. OTiLee ^f the School of Pharmacy will teach. His subject is: “The Social and Religious Responsibilities of a Pharmacist.” 10:40—Church worship service.
TODAY Only
— ON THE SCREEN Lloyd Nolan IN '^SLEEPERS WEST" — COME EARLY — All Seats 79/* 12:30-2:00 p.m. A 01 2:00 p. m. to Closing Main Floor 44c, Tax Inc. Balcony 33c, Tax Inc. Children 15c All Day
Tax Inc.
Starts SUNDAY
MU»H BEUAMY • AUN NAIE in fAWK* • Aum fMOHt • lucu wation
Methodist Students 8 a. m. Breakfast of the Student Council. 9:30 Sunday School. Subject: “Becoming a Christian.” 10:40 Church Worship. Dr. Steele will preach on: “The Power of Love, or The Love of Power.” The baptismal service will be administered. 6 p. m. Fellowship Hour and Radio Progr^am led by Martha Cullop. 6:20 Discussion on “Becoming a Christian” led by Rev. Bill McFadden. 7 p. m. Worship Service, led by Bob Tirmenstein.
.The Ratio— 3.93 »• • to 1-
You know, they say in Indiana that if you don’t like the weather, just stick around for about tan minutes and it will ohaUgb fbr ybu. Well, be that as it may, the springtime around here seems to be the exception that proves the case. Wonder if it will ever stop raining? The only activities that the rain seems to be having a dampening effect on are the outside ones. The inside activities and sports, and I think you know what 1 mean, are being carried on as usual. Funny thing about those activities—spring fever also affects everything but them. For instance, one fellow we know. Theta Xi Jim Karn, has a one-track mind about some things. Jim had some back luck over spring vacation and got his jewelry back, but he still wakes his brothers up during the night, calling out her name. Funny what the sub-conscious will think of. / Take Ralph “Bootnose” Heckel for example. His favorite “cry in the night” is, “Didn’t lay a hand on her.” Somebody played a nice trick on Ann Julian the other day. Ann, you know, is now dating Bill Redlich of the Sig Ep house, and somebody sent her a telegram congratulating her for landing him, and signed it, “The Sig Ep House.” Evidently the boys over there didn’t have much confidence in her abilities. By the way, we found out the dope on Bob Reed and Nelda Byrum, just in case you’re interested. The pin isn’t out yet, but Bob expects results sometime before Prom. Nelda is probably waiting for initiation. Noticed that Katie BertSch is wearing a Phi Gam ring these days. There are two theories about the whole thing. One is that it belongs to her Mother, and the other is that it belongs to Ken Gossett. The latter sounds more likely. The trouble with getting a cold these days, fellows, is that first you give it to her and then she gives it back to you.^ This cycle is the only known form of perpetual motion, so take heed Chuck Brandt and Calista Creel. Isn’t that right “Doctor” Miller?
Starts SUNDAY
nE«V SIDES ASMS ... down romantic Mexico wayl HIc NCW 1941 thrill drama I
W.M LIONEL BARRYMORE LARAINE DAY RONALD REAGAN — LAST TIMES TODAY
IlNtotMMl.A iiciM PiHitti
»• 5<» Colimm
Franklin Delano came out with a new statement the other day. Mentioning the fact that the possibility of our using naval vessels for convoy was absurd. That may be true and we hate to be cynical, but. .. We give him 15 days to change his mind. That ought to giVb him plfenty of timfe . . . To whip up the necessary emergency. And ns a chaneb to turn down dur Navy edmmisbioH. On the home front, the American people, tired of being an arsenal and a soup kitchen, have rolled up their sleeves for the sterner business at hand. And by way of practice, spend their days . . . Beating the devil out of one another. At Ford’s plant they have declared a five day truce while they soak their knuckles in brine and wait for the mediators to try and decide whether the sole bargaining agent . . . Will be the CIO. Or the CIO. As for the Unions, their big problem seems to be whether this strike will be solved . . . With brass kntickles. Or bare knocks.—dkh
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the iiost office In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and dt the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October-8,1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published didly except MondEiy during Uie regular academic year and weekly during th^ Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mfUl subBerdption, 88.80. Edit6r-in-Cfil«f. R. W. DoMHliO Business Manager Meile Hagemeyer
News Editor. Managihe Editor... Assoeiaiie Editors: Buffner, R. M. I Local Advertising
Promotion Mai Manager, R. J. Recktenwald.
Publication Staff
..J. H. McKee
Editor. ! Associate Editors:
Siess.
Editor Associate Editors Swaim.
I, .,D, K. Hfeiple S. A. Oehiltfke, J. A. Percdl, L. W. iK^etab, J. L. TrkngOtt.
Bualnesa Staff
ManEucets: D. S. PowefO, G. C. lenders; lager, C. E. Danglemuer; Aecounts ffliaafOrd; OirculatiOn Manager, R. M.
Co-ed Staff
Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rosv, Donna
Spetia Staff
J, P. Dolan : j. F. Admneon, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Phone: Editbtial 4005; Buslnesi 5038; Spotti 2^92 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. , Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Puredil _ Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Brophy Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: R. L. Hadley, J. H. Artastrong, J. F. Zinski, B. G. Smith, W. E. Rafert, V. Baraon, A. Worsley, P. Howard, M. Planagan, D. E. Butz, E. C. Young, D. W. Meier.
Delta Upsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Robert Riley, West Lafayette; George Card, Indianapolis; Robert Oliver, Elkhart; Forest Payne, Georgestown, 111.; 'Barry French, Sioux Falls, S. D.; Kenneth Roquemore, Maywood, 111.; Donald Lord, Port Washington, N. Y.; Thomas Eiekhoff, Bridgeport, and the pledging of the following men: William Cross, Middletown, O.; Donald Hoderlein, Rochester, N. Y.; Larry Martin, Cleveland, O.; William Schwer, Gary; Wayne Summers, Rochester, N. Y.; Reeley Wiley, Marion, and Gordon Wood, Evanston, 111.; James Drake, Detroit, Mich.; Dale Duffin, Villa Park, 111.; Brent Pinch, Cincinnati, 0.
O. A. Day
.... formerly on the staff of the department of agricultural statistics here, has joined the staff of economists for Wilson and Company, Chicago packers.
Here’s something for the women, for a change. Before marriage a man is willing to admit that he is unworthy of his wife, but after marriage he acts as though he sacrificed himself. Moral: Don’t get married.
LAST TIMES TODAY Richard ARIEN Andy lEVlNE
-ALSO-
'Winners of the West” Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
— SUNDAY - MONDAY— HOWARDS OF VIRGINIA COURAGEOUS Dr. CHRISTIAN ELMER ELEPHANT CARTOON
Civil Service Commission Announces Several Exams Civil service examinations in several fields were announced Wednesday hy the United Stdtes Civil Service Commission. Applications will be rated as received at the Commission’s Washington office until further notice, but qualified persons are urged to file their applications at once. Exams will be given for shipyard inspectors in various fields such as hull, machinery, electrical, joiner, and hull outfitting. Salaries^ for these positions range from $2,300 to $3,800 a year. Commodity exchange specialist in economic analysis and in investigations will also be included in the examination schedule. These salaries vary from $2,600 to $4,600 per year. Full information as to the requirements for these exams and the applications forms may be obtained from C. P. Singley, secretary of the board of U. S. Civil Service Examiners, at the post office. f.i.j.
Ceres
. . . honorary agricultural fraternity, announces the following juniors as members of the spring pledge class: Harry Anderson, Lyons; Eugene Byer, Kimmel; John Conrad, West Point; Porter Davis, Greens Pork; Damon Elder, Spencer; Don Hampton, Battle Ground; John Larsen, West Lafayette; Lee Lumpkin, Losantville; Wilmer Reibold, Somerville; Eugene Snyder, South Bend; and Robert Swaim, Marshall.
wrlM Rufh HUSSEY d John HOWARD Round YOUNG » John HA.WDAY
South of State By Dale Butz The April meeting of the Dairy Club will be held Tuesday night, April 8, in room 108 of Smith Hall at 7:80 o’clock. Features of the meeting will be the election of officers and moving pictures of New York City, Florida, and the Wisconsin and Indiana hRsketball games, shown By Sanford Pfazee, a dairy student. Everyone, particularly dairy students are urged to attend. "
Gordon Fredine, a specialist in wildlife conservation and management and formerly of the State Department of Conservation, St. Paul, Minnesota, has joined the forestry staff.
Thirteen juniors in the school of animal husbandry accompanied by Prof. W. W. Smith took an inspection trip during the week of spring vacation. The group visited the Horneman farm, Perryville; Con-nor-Prairie farm and Lynwood farms near Noblesville and the University of Illinois farm at Urbana.
The regular agronomy seminar will be held next Monday in room 20l of Agricultural Hall at 4 o’clock. S. R. Miles of the experiment station staff will address the group on “The Effects of Seed Quality on the Yield of Com.”
Frank Lapehske, freshman at Iowa State Teachers college, has won wide renown for his leathercraft. •
LUMA MST DAY — 2 HITS
Gene AU T R
Smiky 8URNETTE\ MAHrUf'CAIOl ADAMS fERinfcr/Kioi^GEQjclA^tAiNi:::; A ntrnntic pifTiiRt
ALSO
J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department, will be sworn in this week by the Governor of the State as one of the seven members of the state egg-board. This board is charged with the administration of the egg marketing law.
Prof. E. C. Stair, of the horticultural department, returned recently from Georgia where he supervised the planting of stock tomato seed for the seed certification agency of the experiment station. He is now in Tennessee lot the same purpose.
C. M. Hardin of the farm management department has accepted a position as marketing specialist of the department of agricultural economics with headquarters at Madison, Wisconsin. Hardin will assume his new duties July 1.
W. A. Baker, M. Schlosberg and L. H. Patch of the Com Borer Laboratory at Toledo, Ohio, were on the campus Tuesday and Wednesday of this week confering with botany and entomology staff members on com borer research.
T. K. Cowden of the farm management department addressed the annual meeting of the Louisville Bank for Co-operatives held Tuesday at Indianapolis. Cowden spoke on “Co-operatives and the War.” The Thomas Saye entomological society will hold their annual banquet Wednesday, April 9, in the Union. Paul Ullman, assistant state entomologist, will be the principal speaker. Tickets are seventy-five cents and may be obtained from Dr. B. E. Montgomery or students R. P. Mullett and E. Richman.V *<'
m
.
} Si
fijuAdtuL £xfi0mnt
Saturday, April 5, 1941
fiaoL 3 * Sp^^-
')
<)-
'
Starting Lineup Still Uncertain As Date
For Opener Nears
With the opening game less than a week away, the Riveter baseball machine’s starting lineup is still not definitely decided upon. Coinpetition for most of the positions is so keen that Coach “Dutch” Fehring will probably wait until the day before the contest to announce his startbrs. Captain Bud,Fisher appears to be a certain starter. Fisher is one of the four returning major lettermen. The others are Wes Waterhouse, slugging outfielder; Harry McFerren, clever second sacker; and Johnny Emmert, a consistent hurler. Count On Veterans Emmert is expected to be one of the mainstays of the mound staff, while McFerren and Waterhouse are probable starters in next Thursday’s fracas with Notre Dame. First base, third base, shortstop and two positions in the outfield are pretty well open. At the initial sack, Howard Hoffman, Bob Riley and Forrest McCaffrey, transplanted third sacker, are fighting it out with perhaps the latter holding a slight edge. Chuck Rawles appears to be the leading aspirant for^he job at the hot comer. Althhugh bespectacled Walter Cook, etstwhile halfback, seems to have the inside track at short, the post is as tvide open as the old barn door. Bob Gantz, Dick Myers and Keith Cbrtell are all determined to keep tlie isSue alive. Cbntesting the outfield berths are Mikfe Byelene, George Doherty, Metlin Q^tz. job Brady. Don Roberts and Bill Carson. The spirit of competition for these and for all positions is very keen ahd probably the last tilrO or -three days of practid^e p’iH decide the issues, e.c.y.
Swimming Club Will
Present Galacade
J.E-Gerding To Represent Local ASME At Conclave
Water Show May 2
lllisiois
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Having just returned from Mai Elward’s football clinic being held in the Fieldhouse, I can see that in the past ten years the game of football has taken long strides toward safety in athletics. This was even more accentuated by the inspiring and informative talk given by Dr. Dan Levinthal, Chicago surgeon. —I-I— Staying .just as far from the twenty-cylinder dictionary of his profession as he could, Levanthal illustrated the three most dangerous and contplicated injuries of football—knee, ankle and shoulder (ball and socket) injuries. He terminated his talk with a moving picture of an actual removal of the cartilage from the knee, which was. the first sight of actual operation any of the^f^OO coaches had ever seen—and they looked it, too. -1-1— Pictures of the heart-breaking Ohio State-Purdue game of last fall were showp. These pictures had the coaches straining at their seats in an effort to help Purdue stop Ohio’s seven offensive formations. Bill Combs, playing right fend in that ghme, provided brilliant defensive pictures in boxihg-off four blockers to force Kincade out of bounds in a wide sweep around Bill’s end.
In slightly less than a month the Dolphin Club, swimming honorary, will produce the aftermath of last fall’s Aquacade, but the new production, the “Galacade,” promises to overshadow the earlier show in actual competition. Scheduled for Friday, May 2, the affair will embody the National Junior, Mid-States, and Indiana AAU indoor swimming championships. As one of the features of Gala Week, this water show is expected to be well attended by campus visitors.
A total of 19 events have been
arranged for the competitive part of the program. The lone national junior event, the 160-yard individual medley for men, will draw many starlets of-nafib^al reknown. Four events are carded for the MidStates championships, all of the 100-yard variety and one being an event for women, the 100-yard breast stroke. The state AAU part of the show will consist of three events, two of which are for women.
I M baseball Monday^ April 7 Diamohd 1 Ward 28 vfe. Ward 16. 2 Watd 27 vs. Ward 16. 3 Whrd 25 vs. Ward 18. 4 Ward 24 vs. Ward 11. 6 Ward 21 vs. Ward 10. 6 Wpfd 8 vs. Ward 6. 7 Whtd 6 vs. Ward 3. 8 Ward 2 vs. Ward 1.
—I-I— Those pictures also showed some great play by a couple of Purdue sophomores — Bryant Brock and Bill Buffington. It was Brock’s beautiful 35-yard pass to Byelene that set up Burdue’s second touchdowh, and then it was Buffington’s refusal to quit wheh tackled two yards short of the goal line that scored Purdue’s second marker. .—M— Those pictures also showed thdt jdarn Maag fellow kicking those illegal three points with 65 seconds left to play. —M— Our all-star voting machine continues to roll on, with 6l0 votes
having been cast to date, showing that Purdue students (some of them, at least) really follow basketball like real Hoasiers. Forwards: Mangin, Washington, 610; Koontz, Newcastle, 500;^ Butler, Decatur Central, 469; Campbell, Kokomo, 450; McKinney, Lynville, 439; Jones, Twelve Mile, 430; Shriner, West Lafayette, 380. Centers: Minor, Froebel, 580; Ertel, Elwood, 568; Hoehammer, Bryant, 560; Williams, Colfax, 545; Young, North Side of Fort Wayne, 450. Guards: Blemker, Huntingburg, 567; Grimes, Burris of Muncie, 564; Ulm, Jefferson of Lafayette, 564; Server, Madison, 500; Rowland, Martinsville, 497; Martens, Central of South Bend, 456. (Editor’s note: This poll closes this evening at 7 o’clock. All votes to be tabulated should be in by that time, as the Purdue all-state team will be announced in tomorrow’s edition of the Exponent).
“Characteristics of Tungsten - Carbide Cutting Tools” was the theme of the illustrated talk that won first place for J. E. Gerding in the local competition to determine the University’s representative at the annual Midwest Con-, ference of Student Branches of ASME. Gerding was awarded the first prize of ten dollars and will compete against representatives from fifteen other Midwest schools at the Detroit Conference April 14 and 16. J. W. Godbey received second place in the contest for his talk on technical phases of color photography. He received a five dollar cash prize and will act as alternate at the conference. The competitors will be accompanied to Detroit by Chairman Thomas Peppier of the University branch. Secretary Roclfwood and Professors H. A. Bolz and W. Cope of the mechanical engineering department. An exhibit for open house, beginning May 2, is being planned by members of the University branch of the organization. Various mechanical devices will be exhibited and explained to visitors, b.p.
Kappa Delta Pi
. . . national education honorary, announces the pledging of the following: Mary Hunter, Cecelia Witty, Jeanne Lehmann, Rosemary Keifner, Marjorie Fippen, Monica Buegl^, Truman Hays, Marybelle Halstead, Mary Henry, Howard Hamilton, Rosemary Anderson, Betty Briscoe, June Busby, Don Blemker, !l^ith Wildermuth, Edward Nowicki, Mary Pidgeon, Gustave Phias. Dale Sheets, William Rohr, Anna Kay Williams, Agnes McCullough, Mary McGaughey, Lois Plause, Joseph Franklin, Wesley Waterhouse and Alice Collings.
P-Men's Club
Professor H. Wellington Stewart, organist at St. Lawrence university, recently was stung on the finger by a wasp during a radio concert. But the show went on without interruption.
. . . announces the election of the following officers at a meeting Wednesday night: Bill Combs, Alpha Gamma Rho, president; Frosty Sprowl, vice-president; and Jim Rush, Phi Delta Theta, secre-tary-treasurer.
Among the qpcupations of working students at Whfeaton college is com detassling.
PURDUE VS NOTRE DAME
April 10th on the Boilermakers Home Diamond
INTRODUCING THE 1941 BASEBALL SEASON
A hard-hitting, well-trained squad plus some good enthusiastic rooting from the bleachers, is a formula that should yield the Boilermakers a bang-up season.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. Alter You, We Come First
Links Pros Guide Discussions (? At Golf Clinic Starting Tuesday
Instruction of instructors is to be the keynote of the second annual golf clinic to be held on the Boilermaker campus. With many of the top-notch golfers of the country scheduled to be in attendance for the three day clinic which is to get under way next Tuesday, college and high school link coaches should be able to gather some valuable information. Activities of the clinic should ■
reach a peak on Tuesday evening when Tommy Armour, top professional from Raton, Florida, will take charge of things following a banquet in the Union. Another highlight will loom up on Wednesday night when Byron Nelson, national P.G.A. champion, will be featured in indoor demonstrations at the Fieldhouse. Amofag the numerous other celebrities of the golf links who will add color to the event by their presence are Tom Walsh, P.G.A. president, Byron Nelson, Dick Metz and Johnny Revolta. Frank Sprogell, secretary of the P.G.A., will act as master of ceremonies for the banquet at which Armour is to be the principal speaker. Tom Walsh is to furnish verbal explanations at Wednesday’s demonstration. Down To Business Most of the actual business of the clinic will take place in sessions at which leaders in various fields )pdll lead discussions^ Dir. E, L. Kelly and Homer Allen of the University Physical Education Staff will lead one of the sessions which is to emphasize learning processes
and muscular mechanics. Wednesday morning’s meeting is to feature college and school instruction and is likely to be one of the more important get-togethers of the three day affair. Thursday morning will be occupied by discussions concerning publicity, literature and research. The afternoon of the same day will hold one of the most interesting events of the clinic from the lasunan’s point of view. • Pros Demonstrate Outdoor demonstrations on the practice course just north of intramural field will be held at this time. Byron Nelson, Dick Metz and Johnny Revolta are among the professionals who will be present to add real interest to this event. The old Scotch game of golf is due to get a real boost from the pioneering done in the clinic. At least, this is one of the ends that the men in back of it are hoping to attain. With men like the Intramural Department’s Clevett behind it progress should be made in the right direction, d.w.m.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Profeiiional
Risk Dental Clink M, RAU. A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HARCi.D J. RISK 4th a Main Sts. Phone 5710
School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
It
/^ - ^emhoL
Saturday^ April 5, 1941
fijuAduA, £xponenL
I—M
Placement Service Survey Reveals High Scholastic Indexes Of Women Workers
By Mary Lou Losey Working co-eds score high scholastically! A survey conducted by Miss Irene Feldt, in charge of the placement service for women, has revealed that despite busier days and lack of time, the co-eds who earn part of their way through school manage to pile up grades that yield a highei^ scholastic index than do those of other women students. The survey reveals that eighteen per cent or 239 of the co-eds enrolled in the University this year are earning part of their way through school. This is approximately the same percentage as has been found for the past several years, and it does" not include those who obtain summer employment to help meet college expenses. These industrious co-eds are found doing housework such as serving as cooks, caring for children, or waiting tables in private homes. Se^en are serving as tutors in the Residence Halls. Some boost their budgets by doing office work or clerking in the local stores. A large numbei are on assignment from the National Youth Administration. This work includes duties in the offices, laboratories, and class rooms about the campus as well as aiding in certain local wji 1 f a r e organization programs.
There are others who have united wherein each girl serves several hours a week in work that keeps down their own living expenses. One freshman co-ed in the school of Home Economics carries twentythree hours of class work a week and has a scholastic index of 6.67, one of the highest in the University. At the same time, she works as a maid in a faculty member’s home and also on NYA to earn the rest of her expenses, m.1.1. Newman Club Opens 2-Day Spring Retreat The Newman Club will hold a retreat program today and tomorrow to be presided over by Father Gabriel, OM Cap., from Huntington. The program begins this afternoon with litany and conference, which will be followed by stations and rosary at 3 o’clock and ends with the Holy Hour on Sunday. Other portions of the program are conferences at 4 and 8 o’clock this afternoon and confessions at 8 o’clock; Mass and Communion breakfast at 9:30 o’clock tomorrow morning and conference at 2:30 o’clock tomorrow afternon.
How to Make Sales and Inflnence Customers If you are the operator of au eating place be sure your employees are dressed in clean Linen. WE SUPPLY ON A RENTAL BASIS
Im Dated
THE
Year*Round
GREATER SHIRT ECOMOmrHelAAara
• Yes sir, he looks better and he saves money because of our "Dated Laundered Shirt" guarantee. His shirts all wear longer, cutting down his bill for new shirts, assuring him of day in and day out fine shirt appearance.
CROWN LAUNDRY
Laundry
Phone 4073
Dry Cleaning
Omicron Nu Pledges 8 Home fc Students Yesterday afternoon in the Home Economics Building eight co-eds were pledged to Omicron Nu, home economics honorary. The pledges were chosen on a basis of scholar•ship, leadership and activities. Their cumulative index must be over 6. Fledges are Nancy Sackstedder, Agnes McCullough, Cecilia Witty, Cornelia Caldwell, Peggy Davis, Mary Ann Carpenter, Marybelle Halstead and Alice Ceilings, b.p. 'Eternal Life' ... a one-act play, will be presented tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in the Lafayette Christian Church by the Disciple Players of the Purdue Christian Foundation. The play, written by Fred Eastman, takes place m an air-raid shelter in England. Special Meeting ... of all frosh track men has been called for Monday at 4:30 _p’clock in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. Anyone not able to attend should get in touch with Coach Wilkening as soon as possible.
Classified Ads
Typewriter* *44111# macMnee, new end need, tor anle, rent nnd repaired. AU makee of jrartable typewriters, $29.7S to $69.60. Office sappUes. Mimeosraph and multigrraph work. C. F. Bbemhoff, 606 Main St Phone, 8779. For Kent! Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara tor all ocoasiona. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
office in the Executive building. t-6 —HOLLENSBE
10 to 11 a. m. Thursday, to Saturday, April 8-5. —COOLEY.
All Students: Sound motion picture, "Lead Mining," will be shown^to all interested students and staff members Monday, April 7, at 7:80 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —^Bl^Y PIA Men's Chorus: Meet in the PIA office at 7 p. m. sharp. Come dressed in dark suits and ties. Be prompt. —SMULEVITZ
Purdue Dairy Club Meeting: Tuesday, April 8, at 7:80 p. m., in Smith Hall, room 108. There will be election of officers, movies and refreshments. —BROWN.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Guests coming. —’RIEGLE
Thomas Say Entomology Club: Annual Entomologists' dinner wUl be held Wednesday, April 6, at the Purdue Memorial Union in the East Faculty Lounge. Paul T. Ulman of the State Entomology Office will be principal speaker. —RICHMAN.
Lost: Phi Kappa Tau jeweled pin and guard. Call Jim Roman, 6088.
AIChE Members: All members are requested to attend the special business meetinging Wednesday, April 9, in room 302 6f the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. Matters of great importance to the organization will be voted upon. —MASSEY
Religious Council: Regular meeting date is second Wednesday (April 9)—no meeting April 6. —BELCHER
Lost: Ronsay Wrist Watch. Call 7242.
Lost: Green Sheaffer Eversharp, M. Long engraved on gold band. Phone 41612. Rewaid.
Fraternity Affairs Office: Deadline for junior petitions is 12 noon Saturday, April 6. Leave petitions at west Union desk. —JACOBSON
WAA Council: Meeting for neW and old council members at a breakfast Sunday, April 6, at 9 a. m. Meet at gym With 26c. —PIDGEON
Notices
Newman Club Contact Committee: The following members will meet at 4 p. m. Thursday, April 10, in room 302 of the Union: Rivan, Lanuti, Ford, Lowey, Luers, Hannon, Enz, Clark, Moser, Taylor, Walz, Singer, Benna. Please bring money and ticket. —McCONAHAY
Wesley Foundation: Annual elSbtion Of ^ board members on Sunday, April 6. Vote* may be cast at any service. —MePADDEN
WAA: Baseball practices will be held Monday, April 7; Wednesday, April 9: and Friday, April 11. Two practices required for points. Meet in the gym regardless of the wdather. —COOPER
Senior Military Students: Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19 —JOHNSON
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, April 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Please be present. Pledges will appear at 7:4B g. m. —BOHLIN Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, April 6, by schools as follows: those whose nam^ begin with A-E, Room 264, Electrical Building; F-K, Room 129, Electrical Building; L-R, Room 201, Civil Building; S-Z, Room lOL Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP
Modern Dance Club: The following people report for Varsity Show practice Wednesday, April 2, and Friday, April 4, at 4 p. m. as well as Monday, April 7, at 7:15 p. m.: Anderson, Antenen, Arndt, Barrett, Buechele, Cleavelin, Heather, Deisch, Gillespie, Ixiwey, Overly, Newcomb, Percefleld, Stroble, Swope, Sclimeltkopf, Meyers, Serban, Ramsdell, Scull, Wood, Metcher. —KNIGHT
6E 107 Students - first semester: Get your Personal Analysis Reimrts at the Personnel Office. —-JOHNSON
Airplane Committee: There will be a meeting of all sophomore and freshmen Workers on the airplane committee Monday, April 7, in the Union office at 4:15 p m Please be on time. —KNIGHT
Purdue Engineer Sophomores and Juniors: Petitions are due by Monday, April 7. —GALE.
All Engineers: All engineers who have not paid their subscription to the Purdue Engineer please remit one dollar during the next two weeks. Office in Union open 4-6:89 daily. —LARITZ.
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending March 16 now available at the Cashier’s
Agriculturist: Meeting of electoral board originally scheduled has been postponed. New date announced later. —ADAMS.
ME 31 C’s and I’s Make-up: Final for O and I grades in any division of ME 31 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering Building. —KEMLBR.
Lavish Show On Mars Stage
ASME: Members get row cards and emblems from me in Profekior Cope’s office
GE 35: Examination for removal of condition April 12. Make arrangements ip room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, April 11. —OWEN.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Marvin Boone and Helen Taft, youthful exponents of the tap dance, comprise one of the many entertainment features of “Midnight in Miami,” star-studded revue depicting Miami night life, which comes to the Mars Theatre stage today.
J
‘Don’t tell me you didn’t smoke when you were a girl, mother! — what did you do whenever you felt you couldn’t live another minute without a cigarette ?”
WHAT'S THIS FELLOW SO
HAPPY ABOUT?
5 0 2 3
3 0 7 1
His ‘‘Gal” loves him because he always calls for Her in a YELLOW CAB. Our drivers are dependable, courteous and mind their own business. Be a Smart Fellow and CALL A YELLOW