I .
. \
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette# Indiana. Saturday, November 6, 1937
NUMBER 47
All America Ratings
■ByCHRISTY WALSHMeihber All-America Board of Football With this week’s listing, 60 players have received Cards of Merit, assuring them of consideration by the All-America Board when the final line-up for 1937 is selected. Thirty additional players will be honored in the next three weeks and it is known that fully one-half of the positions in the All America lineup are still wide-open—and will be decided on the observations of special scouts and members of the Board, attending the crucial games of the coming fortnight. This situation emphasizes the importance of the release listed below and the 30 names to follow. If your son, or brother, or favorite player, has not been certified to date, it does not mean 4is season work has gone unnoticed—next Saturday may be the game in which his showing will definitely rate him All America.
Rams 2 To 1 Favorites Over Boilermakers
In Polo Grounds Clash Today
Andy Grant Expected To Resume Guard Post, Fordham Enters Fray Undefeated
Military Ball Attracts 650 Couples; Scabbard And Blade Names Pledges
Six hundred and fifty couples danced to the music of Joe Sanders and his band during the annual Military Ball held last night in the Memorial Union ballroom. The ball was presented to Brigade Commander W. C. Musham by Brigade Executive R. O. Wickersham. The entire Union, was thrown open for
the exclusive use of the danc-
ers.
SWEENEY. Notre Dame. End. Repeating ius inspiring defensive work of a week ago, this sensational goal-line performer, savagely crashed by players screening the Minnesota kicker—blocked the conversion and robbed a favored team of its chance to escape defeat. Twice in eight days, this determined, ruthless tackier has assaulted the enemy on its own goal line and almost single-handed, preserved .yictory for his teammates.
STRUCK. Harvard. Fullback. Shining brilliantly in a line-up of heroic teammates this tireless, versatile back was the mam cog in the great Harvard football machine that crushed Princeton. Robert P. Kelley, New York Times, rates him as follows: "The name of Struck was on the lips of everybody leaving the Stadium, and there was justice in this, for certainly this fullback drained the last drop from the chances presented him by his blockers.”
WASYLIK. Ohio State. Halfback. In a runaway game, presenting opportunities for a piayer to disregard the rudiments of the practice field, Wasylik carried out every assignment with high regard for footbajl fundamentals. He passed and ran superbly and turned in a defensive game that was highly satisfying., Coach Robert Zuppke of Illinois, particularly compliments Wasyiik tor his punt return trom the 34 yard line, eluding five tacklers and going 66 yards to score.
McNAMARA. Pennsylvania. Guard. His sixty-minute performance puts him in the “iron man” class and his charging, tunneling, and vicious tackles scattered the best laid plans of Navy’s quarterbacks. Press box observers classed this powerful guard as one of the real outstanding players of the day and rate him on a par with any guard in the East. Navy found McNamara's sector ot the line practically impregnable.
During the evening Captain Donald Baals, head of Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, announced the following pledges: seniors, E. H. Martin, R. A. Harte, F. L. Goers, G. E. Simonton, 0. B. Gibifon, E. P. Hurley, W. H. Barry, D. R. Bell, M. T. Wakefield, R. Isenbarger, W. H. Shealor, J. R. O’Connor, R. E. Johnson, J. E. Brock, G. V. Kellner, J. A. Miner, J. F. Azbell, B. Olsen, W. A. Allee, and E. C. Denny. Juniors selected as pledges are: R. 0. Dirmeyer, J. M. Rudolph, W. L. Hostetler, D. A. Williams, and R. W. Oyler. R. D. Birge and W. H. Deitch, members of the military band, were also selected as were the following associate pledges: Col. C. S. Blakely, Lt. Col. J. A. Pickering, Capt. F. B. Porter, Capt. F. H. Morse, and E. C. Miller.
Band Acquires Eight New Pieces To Swell Musical Equipment
HESSBERG. Yale. Halfback. At the psychological and dying moment of a game apparently lost, this plugging, plodding, perservering team-worker, snagged a pass out of the twilight,’ evaded frantic opponents whose superior tackling had confounded a Yale offensive from the first kick-off; wiggled, dodged, squirmed and raced through 30 yards of darkness and scored a tying touchdown.
PATTERSON. Baylor. Quarterback. An exhibition of kicking by this triple-threat sparkplug, not surpassed on southern gridirons this season, kept a scrappy Texas Christian opponent on its heels for 60 minutes in a close-tought contest. Patterson staited the show with an exhibition of forward passing that led to a touchdown and his educated toe was Baylor’s best defensive weapon after that..
SOUCHAK. Pittsburgh. End. Harry Keck, Pittsburgh Sun Telegraph, sings the praises of this aggressive, senior, right-end in the following recommendation—“Frank Souchak smashed into the Tech backfield throughout the game. He was all over the place on defense. He kicked a 26-yard placement field goal that put his team ahead 9 to 7 and added two points aiter touchdowns. His end play has not been surpassed this season, in this section.”
HARP. Tennessee. Halfback. The scales barely quiver at \4i> lbs. for this pint-size dynamo, but Ed Danforth, Atlanta Georgian rates him as the best of the three Volunteer gallopers against Georgia. He threw a perfect 46 yard pass for one touchdown and scored another himself on a 21 yard run, after all his interferenpe had been knocked down. Danforth adds: “Harp is the best safety man in this section and was in rare form last Saturday.”
ANDERSON. California. Fullback. Supplying most of the bucking power in a backfield of stalwart buckers, this great fullback of the undefeated Bears, played a magnificent game on defense and offense. The few rival players who sifted through the California forward wall were smacked down by Anderson and his blocking, tackling and competitive spirit was a highlight in the latest exhibition of a wonderteam in the making.
SHIREY. Tackle. Nebraska. Right on top of every move, for 60 minutes, in a game characterized by extraordinary line play, Edward W. Cochrane, Sports Editor of the Chicago Evening American, and Ne-braska-lndiana game referee, wires: “Shirey is the best tackle I have seen and the outstanding man of a splendid line which is the main reason for Nebraska's pronounced success this season. Shirey weighs 206 lbs., stands 6 feet 1 inch tall and is a p.pwerhouse on offense and defense. Shirey, almost duplicates Ed Weir, once called ‘the greatest of tackles,' by the late Knute Rockne”.
Eight new instruments have been added to the equipment stock of the military bands. The latest additions are two alto glockenspiels, two sousaphones, two snare drums finished in sparkling gold to match the giant bass drum, a string bass, and a piccolo. ^Hie new glockenspiels bring the number in the band to four, giving the military band the largest section of these instruments of -any band in the counti’y. Alto glockenspiels are of Purdue origin being first conceived by ProD. Q. *^Spots” Emrick two years ago when he was looking for more unique effects to brighten up the band music. After the original instuments of his design were tried out in the 1936-37 band, the Leedy Manufacturing Co., of Elkhart, manufacturers of percussion musical equipment, added these instruments to their regular line of merchandise. The Symphonic Band will use the new string bass along with the three which the band already O'wns. The two new sousaphones wilT be used by the marching band, bringing the number of sousaphones to 12. Marching practice of the band has ceased while the Symphonic Band is making preliminary preparations on several numbers which it plans to present in a concert some time before the Christmas holidays.
Religious Conference Scheduled For Today
University students and about 125 students from five state institutions will attend the third annual Indiana Christian Student Conference, which opens today at 10:30 a. m. with an address by Dr. Hiel Bollinger, former minister of the Wesley Foundation, at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. The conference will adjourn at 3 p. m. tomorrow. All students are invited by the Purdue Religious Council, to attend the sessions for which a registration fee of one dollar is charged.
Varsity Show Held Over Until Today
Campus Varieties, the Student Union’s Varsity Show, will be presented this afternoon at 2 p. m. in the Memorial Union ballroom. The time of presentation has been changed from last night at 7:30 to this hour, because the Military’' Ball committee had the entire Union reserved for its dance last night The variety show will be broadcast by WBAA, with Dave Thomp son, who took par^t in the Pontiac show, as master of ceremonies. The entire show has been revised with scrip by Robert McCaffrey, and
music by Pat Clinton,,
WBAA Will Broadcast Fordham Game At 2:45
According to arrangements completed late yesterday by the Purdue Alumni Association, WBAA will broadcast the Pur-due-Fordham game from a telegraphic report starting at 2:45. Bob Heine, regular announcer, Wirt give the play by play account in what will be the only broadcast besides that of WISM of New York. The New York station has a contract for exclusive broadcast rights on Ram football games, but the Alumni Association made special arrangements by phone with the Fordham publicity director for
the broadcast.
Byron Dunbar To Play For Mixer
Byron Dunbar and his orchestra direct from Hotel Biltmore, New York City, N. Y., will play for tonights regular mixer in the Union ballroom. The dance will last from 9 till 12 with the regular dollar ad
mission prevailing.
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE
Position
FORDHAM
Powell
LE
Jacunski
Schreyer (C)
LT.
Franco
Bykowski
LG
Kochel
Humphrey
C
Wojciechowicz
Grant
RG
Bernard
Woltman
RT
Barbartsky
Zachary
RE
Druze (C)
Cody Isbell
QB
M Fortunate
Cecil Isbell
LH
Kazlo
Brock
RH
Granski
Ippolito
FB
Principe
By Dick Obenchain Exponent Sports Editor RYE, N. Y. November 5—Purdue’s Boilermakers arrived here this morning on their way to New York to meet the Fordham Rams tomorrow afternoon at the Polo Grounds. The Purdue squad held a light workout this afternoon and are primed to meet the Rams on the morrow. The Boilermakers will be in perfect physical condition for the first time this season.
H. E. Kazey Named Head Of Washington Purdue Alumni
Harry E. Kazey, Sci. ’36, has been elected secretary and treasurer of the Washington, D. C., Purdue Alumni Association. Kazey is employed in the federal department of accounting, and is taking graduate work in the school of foreign service at Georgetown University.
Goodyear Co. Senior Interviews Delayed
T. W. Prior, of the sales and office personnel department of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co., has postponed his interviews with chemical, and mechanidal enginefering seniors, because of the senior inspection trips. Seniors interested are requested to consult the head of their school if they wish to be considered for interview. Those obtaining positions with the company will be, upon graduation, enrolled in the company training course at a salary of $125 per month. No future date has yet been announced for the interviews.
‘There’s Something A bout A Soldier; ’ Co~ed Hears Inside Story On ‘Something' By Alice Martens
As I strolled out of the library and fell into step behind the couple, I noticed a very dissatisfied look on the face of the senior in dirty yellow
^“You gals are all alike,”he snorted with disgust. “Just let a lyniform come into sight and you start running. If they just DID something! But they spend all their time in the Sweet Shop shining their boots and prob’ly fixing up in front of the mirror!” “I know, dear,” the little blonde girl replied placatingly, “but really—” “THAT MILITARY DEPARTMENT!” said he, with gusto— “It doesn’t do a damn thing except turn
out Boy Scouts by the hundred whose nnly excuse for living is the thrill they think they give the coeds ! They walk around the campus all day just to give the girls a treat! Why every time they pass a window they look in and straighten all their medals!” ' “But I I’eally thing, dear, that the discipline—” “That’s another thifig!” he interrupted. “All day yuh gotta say YESIR, NOSIR, THANKYUSIR! And what does it getcha? A UNIFORM with little straps and buttons and pins and stripes and stuff ;fchat no real man would wear in the first place! Just so a lotta fool girls will turn around and say, ‘Oh dear, isn’t (Continued on page 4)
Andy Grant is now in top form and is expected to hold down his guard position tomori’ow after his injury in the Northwestern game. Cec Isbell is suffering a light injury and will probably be unable to play a 60-minute game. The Boilermakers are keyed to a high pitch for the game tomorrow, as it gives them their chance to prove their strength to the Purdue fans and the football world at large. Fordham is a 2 to 1 favorite here
in New York as the Rams are as yet unbeaten and considered as a Rose Bowl candidates. The Purdue squad however,Js of the opiViion that this Rose Bowl march of the Rams will be interrupted very suddenly tomorrow at 4 p. m. Weather is predicted to be rainy whifch will handicap the Purdue squad and help the strong Fordham defense.
Hoffman To Address Engirieerlng Soder/
Twenty Boys' Teams To Compete In Fruit Contests Today At 8
Professor J. D. Hoffman, head of the department of practical mechanics, will speak on “Mechanical Warm Air Heating” before the Michigan chapter of the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers at their meeting in Detroit, Mich., on Monday. The Detroit Purdue
Don Cossack Chorus
Alumni Association is also planning to entertain Hoffman at a luncheon Monday. Professor Hoffman was named a life member of the society at its last council meeting, on October 14. He is an author of a handbook for heating and ventilating engineers, and in 1935 edited “Gravity Warm Air Heating,” a resume of results Of experimental work conducted by the University of Illinois in cooperation with the National Warm Air Heat ing and Air Conditioning Associa
tion.
The Don Cossnek ChoruB, who will sing for the convocation Monday
night at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium.
^These 36 singing horsemen of the Steppes, conducted by Serge
Debris Sales Near Last Year's Total
Jaroff, will' travel over 40,000 miles in fulfilling their engagements
for the season.
Since their exile from Russia in 1921, the Don Cossack Chorus has sung over 3,500 concerts in Europe, America, and five other countries.
Boosted by a sale of 400 last Tuesday when the price rose from $4 to $4.50, the total sales of the Debris approached last year’s mark of 1885. Hoping to bettet this mark, 32 Debris salesmen have sold 1650 copies so far this year. A schedule for group pictures for the Debris has not been worked out as yet, but the photographer will start work November 15. The Military Ball tonight will be the scene of some snap shots to be put in the
year book.
More than 20 teams of boys from high schools in all parts of the state will compete in the fruit and vegetable judging and identification contests this morning at 8 o’clock as the second day of the Annual Horticultural Show gets underway. The apple judging contest will be held in room 301 of the Horticultural Building while the vegetable judging and identification contest will be held in room 201 of the same building. Plaque In Danger The large plaque, furnished as an award for the vegetable contest by the Indiana State Vegetable Growers’ Association, will be in danger as the Klondike team needs only one nioie wilt to gam permanent possession of the trophy. A large loving cup, donated by Hays Jewelery Co. will be given as a prize in the apple judging contest. Other trophies in the contests include gold, silver and bronze medals. Special Exhibits Among the exhibits that attracted special attention as the show opened yesterday were an autumn garden scene prepared by freshmen floriculture students, an exhibition of the evolution of the greenhouse by sophomore students in the same school, and a junior floriculture display illustrating the various subjects found in the floriculture cur-
I’iculum.
Altogether 15 educational displays have been prepared by students and staff members to add to the 300 fruit and vegetable enti’ies placed on display yesterday. I The show will continue through today and tomorow with the visiting hours as follows: today, 8 a. m. to 12 noon, and 1 p. m. to 9 p. m.; tomorrow, 1 p. m. to 9 p. m. There is no admission charge for the ex-
hibition.
Davis Eleded Member Of Pest Control Assodaiion
Professor J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, is the first person to be elected an honorar'y member of the National Pest Control Association. His election was made at the annual meeting of the organization held dm'ing the first of last week at Memphis, Tenn.
I■ ■>■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. November 6, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Fonpdeil in 1889
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—812 North ^fth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $8.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF ....... R. P. Manion Editorial Staff
BUSINESS MANAGER . . . . . . D. C. Miller
MANAGING EDITOR..
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Co-ed Stdff
CO-ED EDITOR... .....EUssabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS .Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee.
Business Staff assistant BUSINESS MANAGER..... J. P. Girard Local Advertisinff Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER..... R. R. Hensler National Advertisinjr Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff circulation manager.... M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR - R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS... J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
NIGHT EDITOR..... Schroder November 6, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR Kroeplin
The Profit In Glory
this “official Who’s Who.” Endorsements of the publication by leading^, college executives and by business meri were included—only the endorsements were accredited to such mysterious persons as “President of Eastern College,” “A Northern Dean,” and “Rhodes Scholar.”
This business of capitalizing on colleges, whether by exploiting the names and artistic talent of the institutions or by working on the vanity of their students, is quite a racket. Publishing concerns throughout the nation which issue annual “Who’s Who Among American College Students,” or volumes with similar names, use the latter approach.
Oh yes, the book could be purchased. The regular price was five dollars, but any student whose name, was listed therein might obtain the complete volume for only $3.25—if his order accompanied his biography.
Several weeks ago the leader of a prominent University campus organization received a letter asking for the names of the nineteen most outstanding students at Purdue, the names of which students were to be published in an “official” college “Who’s Who.”
Yesterday there came to our office a letter asking publicity on another book one of the purposes of which was “to provide a dignified and permanent annual reference book for giving national scrutiny to the outstanding graduates of our leading colleges and universities, a group which contains many of our future national leaders.”
This campus “big shot” talked over the matter with other big men about the campus and together they drew up the list—of course modestly including their own names on the roster for “Who’s Who.”
And these outstanding members of the class of 1938 were to be chosen by vote of the senior class! A logical and fair method of making the selections, we should say . ... no jealousy, no politics—only unprejudiced consideration of your fellow students’ ability.
A few days later these student personages found in their mail letters congratulating them on having met the strict requirements necessary for having their names listed in the volume. Also enclosed .was a four-page blank on which each student was to set down his complete history and accomplishments during his undergraduate life.
This book was priced at $5 also, but,students were given a special rate of $4.50. Any student who has several extra dollars might buy one of these volumes. They should contain some interesting pictures.
Profuse were the explanations and assurances of the honor connected with having been selected for
We only hope that those students who are so “fortunate” as to get their names listed in a college “Who’s Who” don’t get such a swelled head that they will be of no usefulness after graduation.
L@tters to the Editor
Anjr letter to the editor most not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and most be accompanied by the writer's sirnature.
Dangerous Propaganda? Dear Editor: Thursday night at the Mars theatre a prepotent example of the rising war hysteria was well displayed. The spark of pity for the underdog and misplaced fear of the more aggi’essive nations is, it seems being fanned by ill advised press and film propaganda, mbst of which originates in not-to-be-condemned desire of the press to furnish the truth. 'i The specific incident was Mme. Chiang Kai-Shek’s appeal for every American citizen who values his life and property and that of his fellow men to join in a boycott of Japanese goods. Mme. Chiang KaiShek’s appeal probably in itself created no great peace hazard, but it is to be remembered that this incident prepares the American mind to be more receptive to further an-ti-Japanase propaganda . While Mme. Chiang Kai-Shek’s talk evoked more than a little enthusiastic clapping, the single brave citizen who dared cheer upon Mussolini’s appearance was hissed with vehemence. This is a further f^xhibition of the vast power of the propaganda, which if allowed to expand at will, could embroil this country in another major conflict. I am no sensationalist. I do not believe that these hatreds have arisen from a deliberate attempt of any agency to promote a war, but we must inhibit the growth of a too strong reaction, either pro or con, if we are to prevent a future war in which we would undoubtedly be the loser socially and economically. Let’s sterilize the seers before they beget a monster. R. C. Blume, ChE’38.
from true experts, people who have learned by living and working with others. F. R. Morral, G. ChE P. S. I have lived for some twenty years in Spain, in times of monarchy, class struggle, dictatorship, military “manifestos,” republic, all of which were climaxed by a few months of anarchism. I have lived nearly one decade in the United States, some years in Sweden and Cuba, some time in Germany and France. Hence I am well aware of the truth of the first statement above. P. P. S. At present I have relatives and friends in Spain. They are fighting for justice and working for peace. F. R. M.
Union Music Room Program To leafure Four Soloists
Four soloists from the University Choir, Glee Club, and Orchestra will perform for the Sunday afternoon music room program at 4 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Rosemary Robinson will accompany the vocalists.
Richard Thornton, pianist; A1 berta Schmadel, soprano; Janet Gregor, violinist; and Paul F. Worcester, tenor, will render selections for the program.
Dear Editor: The points I tried to make clear in my communication to your paper were: First, a visit of three and one half months, or even of a year, to Spain, or any other country, does not qualify anyone, be he a communist, capitalist, or social worker, to give an intelligent and accurate one hour talk on the subject in question. Second, we have heard so much from “amateur” professionals about almost everything. I want to hear
The human propensity for taking seats in the backrow, prompted Pro fessor Scott at the University of Minnesota to request his students to move forward and use up the front seats. All came forward except one lad who kept his remote seat. “Move down to the front, please,” said the prof. “I can’t,” the boy said, “I tore my pants.”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARG
Last Times Today
moHPfcnm “N pnsva \ .
and LESLIE FENTON
“HOUSE OF SECRETS” also “Robinson Crusoe” Serial plus ‘Major Bowes on Parade”
Sunday and Monday ‘LOVE IS NEWS’
‘CRIMINAL LAWYER”
Walking Race AH men interested in the AllCampus Walking Race please sign up for the event on the Bulletin Board in the Memorial Gymnasium. The race is scheduled for November 10.
Lym
—LAST TIMES TODAYTWO BIG FEATURES
with Gertrude Michael Lee Bowman Sandra Storme Larry Crabbe Robert Cummings
—PLUS— rHEIRTIME IS LOVE TIME!
wHK
RONALD REAGAN*JUNE TRAVIS tJdi* Acuff • Ban Waldan • Robart Barral
r-COMING SUNDAY— ERROL FLYNN JOAN BLONDELL .in ^‘The Perfect Specimen”
collegiate
By Mary Cooley Many business men and industrialists prefer college trained men in their organization, but rarely does any occupation exclude entirely employees who have not attended college. In Washington, however, there is one business which employes college men only. The National Escort Bureau, which furnishes—for a price—personable young men to escort dateless women to the Capital’s night spots, will not consider any applicant who does not have a college background.
Incidentally, the National Escort Bureau is strictly business and no monkey-shines. The escorts must meet rigid requirements and are strictly prohibited from putting their professional engagements on a personal basis.
“Two per cent of the people do the thinking for the remaining 98 per cent and you are a part of the two per cent.” Dr. William F. Quillian, Director of the General Board of Christian Education of the Methodist Church, South, flattered students at Birmingham Southern College. '
The University of Iowa possesses one professor, in the college of education, who understands the undergraduate mind. He occasionally warns the students, “I think I’ll sleep through class time.” And he does. * iji * # The operation of a machine which may be the means for purifying the entire human blood stream and the consequent eradication of numerous diseases is explained by Dr. K. Hensson, of Cornell University. The doctor, co-inventor of the device, says it will destroy harmful bacteria in the blood by means of an ultra-violet light in the patient’s blood coursed through the machine and back into the body.
One of the biggest All-University dances, of the social year at the University of Texas is the Pledge Night “German.” Approximately 10,000 students attend this fall function which has become more or less of a tradition on the campus. It seems that way back in 1902, two young sororities took it upon themselves to celebrate and show off their pledges. Gradually, more and more sororities and, needless to say, the fraternities were brought into the affair. Now they all openly admit they turn out to look over the
you V«'ILL JHRILLI
To Gilbert & Sullivan’s Great
Operettas When Vou Hear Them On The Screen For The First Time.. .With The Original American Gilbert&SullivanCasti
— — TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
There Goes
Sea
My Girl
Racketeers
with
with
Gene Raymond
Weldon
Ann Sothem
Heybum
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE11:30 ’
you WILL^SING. you WILL CAUGH
■A ««*■«« “sr
with IRENE HERVEY ' and ROBERT ARMSTRONG
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
■'■f
‘—andj I might remind you that a watched pot never boils!’
Are you a bit weary of hearing of the “culture” and “suavity” of the East—“The sea boa’d.” We are and so we were very much heartened and pleased to hear that one of our fellow students from that select part of our great continent had exclaimed over the politeness of Hoosiers. “Why they’re much more polite out here than we are,” he said. “When a lady comes running up the street for a car, Purdue students wait for her to catch tke car and get on before they get in. At home we would just scramble aboard. And after these mid-westerners get on the car, if a lady, or sometimes even an old man gets on the car, up they get to offer a seat when the car is full.” , ;
crop of freshman women. And Jimmy L'l^nceford’s negro band was there to keep people moving this year.
The University of Texas claims the distinction of having the only self-supporting student union in the country.
Sorority pledges at the University of New Hampshire are convinced that the quickest way of losing five pounds in 10 days, is to go through “rushing.”
'n
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
TWO nm RUN HITS!
SMITH BALLEW
‘WESTERN GOLD” —AND— JOHN WAYNE
“IDOL OF THE CROWDS’
-coming SUNDAY—
MARTHA RAYE BOB BURNS
‘MOUNTAIN MUSIC’
today
Direct from a week’s engagetVIATlf O#- -fllA ¥ .trt*-! a. ^ a.*.,,, Theatre, Indianapolis.
Stage Shows at 1:50—4:25 7:00—9:40
Bargain Matinee
On The Screen
COME EARLY
WILLIAM GARIGAN
25(
All Seats 11:30 to 1:00
JUDITH BARRETT DON WILSON
30c
All Seats 1:00 to 5:00
* in
5:00 P. M. To ciosing Main Floor ...40c
"BEHIND
Balcony .. Children—
30c -All Day 15c
the MIKE"
COMING SUNDAY-JOAN CRAWFORD
“THE BRIDE in WORE RED”; ' . ^'i;„
0
fl
Saturday, Novemiier 6, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
House Of Davis Takes Ward Softball Championship
Cross Countrymen Meet Bulldogs At Indianapolis Today Butler University will be host to the Boilermaker cross country team this morning on the Bulldog’s regular three and one-eigljith mile course. Phillips coached track and cross country at Butler for 10 seasons beBoilermaker cross country team^ fore coming here this fall, compiling five straight victories over 'Boilermaker cross country teams in first trip back to the Indianapolis University with the Riveter squad. The following nine men are making the trip today: Bodeau, Knapp, Marozick, Bdll, Long, Gaulke, Patout, Mazur, and Denzler. I PE Instrudor Will Give ledure At Urbana Today Miss Helen Knight, instructor in the department of physical education for won^en, will speak this morning at the Illinois State High School Conference being held at the University of Illinois, Urbana, 111. She will give a special lecture on, “Modem Dance and Its Place in the Physical Education Program.”
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Field General
Cody Isbell, veteran Boilermaker quarterback, who will start as field general against the Fordham Rams in New York today.
Sports Staff All members of the Exponent sports staff and anyone interested in a sports position, attend the meeting in room E of the Union at 4 p. m. today.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Delicious Food cooked just right. Every meal is so pleasing to your taste that you will think Mother cooked it. Try a Special Noon Plate Lunch 25c in the Union Cafeteria
J/UL PwulujL TnsufuoimL lAjvmL Corner of the Campus-^Yet the Center of Activities
Gophers, Buckeyes Defend Unmarred Big Ten Standings With the Big Ten schedule now over half completed, only two teams remain undefeated in conference games. Minnesota and Ohio State, co-favorites to capture the crown this year, face Iowa and Indiana respectively in tough games. Gopher Victim The Gophers, who journey to Iowa City for the Hawkeye’s homecoming are fresh from the one point defeat by Notre Dame last Saturday. Last year Iowa caught the Minniesota team on the rebound from their first defeat in several years and took a 52 to 0 beating. The I^awkeyes have their two regular ends off the inured list but look to be in for a bad afternoon before the old grads. At Columbus, Ohio State will have its hands full with the Hoosiers, who have been doing everything well but scoring in the games so far and are about due to break loose with some points. However, the Buckeyes have thrown up a defense that has been penetrated only by U.S.C., Ohio State’s only defeat, and rate the favorite position in most experts’ minds. Maroons vs. Wolverines Michigan will attempt to take out some of its spite on the lowly Maroons of Chicago when the two meet at Ann Arbor. Jay Berwanger led the Maroons to a 27 to 0 win over the Wolverines in the last meeting, in 1934. Chicago has no Berwanger on the team this time and Michigan has been showing good football in its victories over Iowa and Illinois in the last two games. Wildcats Defend Title The defending champions from Northwestern will try to maintain
Track Coach Phillips believes in entertaining his charges when they go on trips . . . Today he plans to take them to the Butler-Wabash game after they meet the Bulldogs in the morning. —^fc— Seeing that predictions are always in order at this time of each week . . . five members of the sport staff made use of their special knowledge of crystal gazing, palm reading, astrology, and spiritualism to arrive at the probable scores for six of today’s games. —^fc— The sum total of these prognostications are as follows: Minnesota, 27, Iowa 6; Michigan 20, Chicago 0; Indiana 13, Ohio State 7; Northwestern 14, Illinois 0; Notre Dame 13, Pittsburgh 7; and Purdue 7, Fordham 0. ^ —^fc— The Purdue score took a lot of figuring but after due process of thought . . . looking in some other papers . . . and asking the editorial staff their opinion . . . the epoch making conclusion was derived that the Boilermakers will win today by a touchdown.
their slight chance to share in the title again when they meet Illinois at Evanston. The Illini showed up with quite a defense against Notre Dame, as well as in other games, especially on the ground. The Purple may not have the easy time that they expect. Wisconsin has an open date, following two hard games with Pitt and Northwestern, and will be preparing for the coming of the Boilermakers next week.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Take your Laundry and Dry Cleaning to our West Lafayette AWA pAV/AAApl <tAI«a service. 10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at this office. Or if you desire pick up and delivery service, call 3085. AMERICAN LAUNDRY
GOTHAM,,, fiSlD'StR'lPE
in new day and night shades
They're lovely, flattering . . . sheer iridescent 2-thread hosiery with a rich shade by day a lustrous glow by night. f Other Gold Stripe HOSIERY
85c to $1.35
$1 .15 Pr.-
Wins Over Cary Hall 2,5-2, Making One Run in Second Stanza Plus Four in Final Inning Playing on a slippery Intramural Field diamond and up into the dark of the night, the House of Davis (Ward 2X) scored once in the second inning and Jour times in the fifth to win the ward softball championship with a 5 to 2 defeat over Cary
Kail 2 yesterday afternoon. The ward champions chalked up seven hits against Cary Hall’s Art Levin, who had allowed only five scattered hits in five previous games and pitched two no-hit contests. Coach Bill Devaney, home run star of" the House of Davis, gave the
losers only two hits.
The winners’ lineup consisted of Corem, If; Higgins, ss; Barrett, c; Devaney, p; Egnatz,’ lb; Fairow, 2b; Isenbarger, cf; Pearch, 3b; Kochlas, sf; and Arnold, rf. These 10 men and also six members of the House of Davis squad will receive medals as players on the championship ward team. Blume, Downey, Graves, Manion, Stutzman, and Woronka make up
the rest of the team.
The scores by innings for the
game were:
House of Davis 010 04—5 Cary Hall 2 000 02—2
Ward, Greek, Touchball Tournaments To Start Final Rounds Next Week Ward touchball will reach its climax this coming week when the remaining ward teams play their final games of the , ward touchball season on Intramural Field on Monday and Tuesday. On Monday Ward 4 will encounter Ward 5, and Ward 11 will play either Ward IIX or
Ward 7A.
Fraternity Finals
Interfraternity touchball, also in the final stages, will start the play-off on Monday and Tuesday, but because of the Engineering inspection trips, games will be discontinued until the following week. Alpha Chi Rho and Alpha Tau Omega are leading in the Greek contest with four victories and no defeats. Also in this group may be the Theta Chis and the Sigma Chis, as both of these teams have garnered three victories with no defeats, and are scheduled to play their final
games next week. Second Division Teams In the second division, with three victories and one defeat, are Phi Kappa TaiL Phi Pi Phi, Tau Epsilon, Phi, Beta Theta Pi and Delta Chi.
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAL” 1 Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic SR. PAUL A. BISK SR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROB^T G. RISK SR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is ell we do, but we^do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Oi^osite Post OflSce — Photography — ^ J p , Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
— Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN . *— Shoe Repair - BOSSUNq Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Ifn. Jg— Bicycle Rentala anX Rep^rias^ C^n Eveaini^ Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Florist — Domer’s Flower Shop Quviity Flower* Main at 7th Phone 6050 OjVRK’S FLORAL COMPANY • e Most exclnsiye aaeortiaent of cor■aaes ajrailable to Pordae Stndenta. 527 Main PKone 54S2 —- Dine ■— fitubA. DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Read —— Confectionery — Try Some oi Oiir Home Made Ice Cream ond Condy Glotz's Confectionery Mamendi Sixth Sts.
•Bnrfters—
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette *THIIEE GOOD BARBERS”THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, November 6, 1937
5;:
There's Something -
(Continued from page 1)
the army wonderful! ! !’ It’s all the bunk.” “But darling, everybody says it’s such wonderful training and evei’ything.” “My gosh, what for?” he yelled. “Yuh don’t have to join the army to know how to fire a gun! My gosh, yuh don’t have to wear a uniform to know how to fight! I bet I could fight better’ll a whole regiment of S.S.M.O.’s right now. Yuh know where they’d be in a war, dontcha ? Way back where there wouldn’t be any danger of getting their nice uniforms dirty!” “Yes, dear,” said the little bloriiSe, “but—” “And what in the heck are they wearing SPURS for ? How many of those birds will ever be on a horse They couldn’t even ride one! The only thing they’ll ever use the spurs for is to keep their feet from sliding off the desk!” I glanced over at Heavilon Hall and saw* that I had exactly three minutes to get to class, so I left the couple to enjoy their military argument in private.
Foundation Enacts ‘The Enemy ’ Tonite Under the direction of William McFadden, student pastor of the West Side Methodist church, the Wesley Players will present Channing Pollock’s play, “The Enemy,” tonight and tomorrow night at 8 p. m. in the Jefferson High School Auditorium. Students participating in the play and the character they will portray are, respectively, James Dinius, Carl Behrend; Jane Hall and Opal George, Pauli Arndt; Alice Breit^ weiser, Baruska; Robert Hamilton, Bruce Gordon; Damon McFadden, August Behrend; Donovan Faust, Jan; William Harris, Jr., Mr. Arndt; Fairie Totten, Mizzi Winckelman; Frederick Willis, Jr., Kurt; J, W. Godby, Fritz Winckelman. This play, to be given under the auspices of the Ministerial Association, was prounounced by Fred Eastman, of the University of Chicago Dramatics Department, the greatest peace play ever written. Tickets may be obtained, without charge, from members of the Wesley Players.
WAAAnnouces ‘A^ ’ Cabin Leaders I WAA announces the following “A” cabin leaders: Marie Byers, Josephine Cook, Mary Miller, Edith Whinery, Margaret McBride, Alice Harrington, Janette Schaffer, Elizabeth Maier, Rosline Jackson, Doris Christenson, Muriel Sands, Marjorie Rogers, Virginia Blank, and Pauline Swick. “B” leaders appointed are: Janette Morris, Mary Ellen Delaplane, Martha Schroder, Joyce Davidson, Betty Lochner, Ruth Holten, Mary Hollnan, ^nd Virginia Beck. Cabin leaders serve as guides and chaperones for groups going to the WAA cabin.
—TODAY— Horticulture Show: Horticulture Building. YWCA Business Girls’ Club Meeting: Faculty lovfnge of the Union. Mixer: Ballroom of the Union. Delta Upsilon Dance: Chapter house Phi Gamma Delta Dance: Chapter house. Phi Kappa Sigma Dance: Chapter house. Phi Kappa Tau Dance: Chapter house. Sigma Phi Epsilon Dance: Chapter house.
Local Ads
report to Union tower room 4:30 p. m. November 5; or call 3810 after 6 p. m.
Notices No Notice* Acoeptod After ■ t
Motorcycle Riders: Sign your name before November 8 on the paper at the main Union desk for the purpose of getting official recognition of the Purdue Cycle Club. —GLENN.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSEESMITH.
Freshmen Basketball Squad s The following men report for freshman basketball Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, 3 p. m. to 6 p. m. All other candidates will report
“All freshmen must ask permission of a member of the Student Court for every date.” This new ruling elicited groans of despair from freshmen at Midland Colege, Fremont, Neb.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LEARN GERMAN—Easily from Friedrich Wolfgang Strassmann of Dusseldorf, Germany. Call 2401.
WASHINGS WANTED—Try us for reasonable prices. Laundry experienced hand ironers. Phone 7255.
LOST—Black speckled Sheaffer fountain pen, name on side. If found call 55611. Reward.
FOR RENT—One-half nice double room. New desk. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
WANTED—Ticket for Military Ball. Call 46213 between 11 and 1 or after 4 p. m.
WANTED—Slide trombone, tenor sax and drum men wanted. Strictly freshmen dance band. If interested
Victor Release Release No. 239 • 25697 THE BIG DIPPER MIDNIGHT IN THE MADHOUSE Lari’y Clinton and Orchestra • 25698 CLOSE—WALTZ ROSALIE—FOXTROT Leo Reisman and Orchestra • 25699 OBJECT OF MY AFFECTIONS JUDY Lionel Hampton and Orchestra • 25701 EVERYTHING YOU SAID CAME TRUE MAYBE Guy Lombardo and Orchestra dir^fe0i4i McLean Music Co.
MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
There’s a Girl I’d like to meet! Of course you want to make a good first impression... how about your personal appearance? Have your clothes Crown Cleaned regularly. No extra charge for Monite moth proofing.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Jackets, $5.98
VALUE DAYS Trench Coats $2.98 Mackinaws $5.98 up White Dress Shirts 98c up Corduroy Pants $2.98 Pajamas, Flannel $1.19 Gloves 98c
for trial Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Bausnlan, Bosse, Brough, Brinkerhoff, Chamberlain, Cramer, Coplen, Gilliam, Hertzing, Hardy, Igney, Minney, Partridge, Pauline, Rechenbach. Richards, Reeder, Rohrbough, Rieth, Stallings, Swartz, and Witsman. ' —LAMBERT.
Newman Club: Meeting of the Contact Committee at 4:1B p. m. in room A of the Union Building on November 7. —McCONAHAY. Peace Committee: Meeting November 6; 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Tickets for Armistice Day Banquet will be distributed. All interested organizations please send representatives. —BUCKLES.
C.hess Players: Everyone interested in playing competitive chess attend Chess Club meeting November 9 in the game room of the Union. —BELLINGER.
Senior Military: A test will be given to students deficient in History in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m. November 6, and at p. m. November 8. —PICKERING.
Playshop: Stage crew now working on flats for “Hell-Bent Fer Heaven,”, every night in the Union sub-basement. ' —BRENMAN.
Mortar Board: Meeting November 8 at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. Please bring outline maps of the United States. —RITCHIE.
Alpha Lambda Delta: New members pay dues not later than November 10. Pins are $3.60 extra. Leave money at the Union desk for Janette Morris. —MORRIS.
Debris: All sophomores on sports staff and all those working on copy for the sports section please meet in the Debris office at 4 p. m. November 8. —LEWIS. WAARiflery: No practice November 7. —CHRISTENSON.
Student Senate: Handbook Committee will meet November 8, at 4 o’clock, in the Senate office. —MONTFORT.
a. m. November 6.
-MASON.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomore men workers report to the work-room at 1 p. m. November 6., A radio will be present to receive the game broadcast. —MASON.
Phi Mu: Meeting is po8tponed_ until November 10 at 7 o’clock in the Union. —GAYLORD.
Delta Rho Kappa: Cohipulsory meeting^ of pledges November 7 at, 3 p. m. in Union —MERRITT.
Sophomore Union Workers: All typists report to the Union office any time after 8
Zouave Candidates: Will the following candidates report to the Armory November 8 at 4:15 for formal pledging. Wear dress uniforms. G. E. Baumle, E. L. Blakslee, A. Botsford, J. A. Clark, W. M. DeWitt, C. J. Echterling, J. W. Flett, B. Gibson. L. Hess, C. L. Hobbs, R. W. Huffman, R. W. Jerram, R. F. Jones. F. Leverette, R. Luthi, R. C. Meleney, R. F. Miller, B. H. Morgan, R. S. Nail, E. E. Plummer, G. B. Posson, T. SolHt, L. Stallwood, F. Starshank, R. A. Stull, P. Swisher, P. V. Teeter, R. Wagner, C. Woodhull, R. C. Zimmer. / —EXTON.
See Us for a Large Variety of Indirect Lamps SOUTHWORTH’S
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
DECKER’S We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps 518-520 Main Phone 6477
We Carry an I.E.S. Lamp for Every Purpose H. G. (Deac) Reisner
(r’"
I
itHsm