Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
LafoyettOf Indiana
SATURDAY
May 13,1939
VoLSO
No. 181
University will Honor fSotners Today
Boilermakers Trounce Buckeyes, 9-3
Campus Organizations Arrange Special
Two Day Program For Visiting lAothers
Bailey Fans Sixteen As Dianiondmen Widen Board Cartwright Will Play For
Big Ten Lead; Riveters Get Thirteen Hits
Bombarding’ the cream the Buckeye pitching corps with a long due barrage of hits, the Boilermaker baseball team tightened their hold on the ^op rung of the current Big Ten pennant ladder yesterday at Columbus as they trounced the wilting Ohio State team to the tune of 9-3. Sophomore Bob Bailey, ace of the
Pledges Nine
Mothors' Mixor Tonight
Mortar Board, Senior co-ed scholastic and activity honorary announces the pledging of the following girls—-
r
Purdue hurling staff, turned in a topnotch pitching job as he annexed his fourth conference victory in as many starts. Bob held the hopeful Buckeye team to eight scattered hits. Sixteen Ohio batters went oub via the strikeout route as Bob turned on the steam. Thirteen B[its Starting out as if determined to show dubious experts that their position at the head of the conference pennant contenders is no mistake, the Boilermakers got to Dornbrook in the first inning for the initial score of the game. Dickinson singled. Mackiewicz, batting in his well-earned cleanup post, followed with another one-bagger, Dickinson going to third. Dickinson then scored on Stamm’s long, hard hit fly to left field. In The Fifth Smithson opened the fifth inning with a clean single. Hearne then drove him home with a powerful triple to center. In the Purdue half of the seventh inning, the Boilermakers showed their real hitting power in a five run scoring spree. Two Buckeye errors and smart singles by Bailey and Heame again set the stage for Mackiewicz. Mac stepped up to the plate and drove out a tremendous 400 foot homer to clear the bases. Dornbrook held the Boilermaker batting machine in check in the sixth inning, but was powerless to stop the combination of Yeager, Bredewater and Bailey in the eighth innig. I Yeager started things with a single. Bredewater followed suit, sending Eli to third, Bailey’s single then drove Yeager in with run number eight for the Boilermakers. Giving the Buckeye team and fans their last glimpse of Purdue hitting power until today’s game. Tommy Dickinson, leading Boilermaker batter ,poled out a long homer in the ninth to complete the Purdue scoring for the day. Score by innings:
R
Purdue 100 010 611—9 Ohio State . 000 110 001—3 The Boilermakers will meet the Buckeyes in the second and last game of the series this afternoon. Coach Dutch Fehring expects to start either Wargo or Bredewater
today.
Riding Club To Stage Special Program For
Mothers Tomorrow
Special feature of tomorrow’s Mother’s Day program, sponsored by the Student Union and the Purdue Riding Club will be Riding Gymkhana to be held on the Intramural Field beginning at 2:30 p. m. Starting out with a picturesque mounted drill with the riders will be dressed in similar uniforms featuring ascot ties.
The pledges: Treva Beri^r Catherine Cooley Althea Jorgeson Martha Moorhead Margaret Saurer Louise Schickler Georgann Schilling Ann Sickman Betty Wickard
Charlie Cartwright and his orchestra will furnish the music for the annual Mothers’ Day Mixer tonight in the Memorial Union Building ballroom. Students accompanied by their mothers will be admitted free. Students bringing dates will be charged regular prices unless accompanied by their mother and their date’s mother. Regular mixer prices will prevail, Dancing will be from 9 until 12 o’clock. Cartwright’s orchestra plays at the Inglaterra ballroom in Peoria, 111., and is composed of students of Bradley Polytechnic Institute in Peoria.
“This year’s Mother’s Day turnout is sure to be the biggest in Purdue’s history, and we intend to make it the best,” stated Gordon Matthews, president of the student union in an interview last night. The programs are being sponsored over the week-end by various groups for the entertainment of the mothers of Purdue students. All of the programs are being given for the mothers and students together, although other visiting members of the family are invited to attend the ' ■■■-■■■■■ various meetings.
Thirty-Seven Units Will Participate In
9th University Sing
Press, Radio Are Not Competitors Says Publisher Pulliam At SDX Newspaper Day
As one of the main features of the Mothers’ Day Program, 37 separate groups of singers, including independent students and fraternities will present the annual University Sing in the Oval by the English Building tonight at 6:20. With each group singing for five minutes, the program will continue for three hours.
Thirteen events including horsemanship, gaited horse exhibition, trick and fancy riding, amusing contests, and a jumping exhibition will feature the program. Riding exhibition for high school boys and girls and a saddle pony riding contest for children under ^ 15 years of age will also be included in the program. Among the more enter\aining riding contest will be the musical chair game for men and the balloon contest for women. Horses are ridden around a circle of chairs in the musical game until the music stops. There being fewer chairs than riders some riders are eliminated each time until all but one man is left.
With Eugene C. Pulliam, co-foun-der of Sigma Delta Chi and publisher of the Lebanon Reporter, as the principal speaker, the Third Annual University Newspaper Day wound up last night with a Founder’s Day banquet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Uj^on Building. Twenty-five newspapermen, representing editors and publishers over the state, attended the session Six speakers discussed the different phases of newspaper work in the various programs held throughout the day. Pulliam, who is also owner of radio station WIRE, Indianapolis, spoke on “Newspapers and the Radio.” He debunked the idea that radio is supplanting the newspapers of the country as news reporters.
ture will see more and more national and other advertising eliminated from the newspapers because of competition of radio and television. The way for the press to offset this competition is to create novel advertising promotion plans. This especially holds true in the field of classified advertising ”
Although a public addres^ system will be used to facilliate announcing, the singers will not use it.
In The Morning
The 1 elation of agriculture to the rural newspaper was discussed durthe morning by S. E. Boys, publisher of the Plymouth Pilot, and Prof. Lynn Robertson, assistant chief of the Purdue Farm Management Department.
Mrs. Ralph Thrush, music instructor of the DePauw choir, and Donald Malin, a noted instructor, will judge the singers and awards will be given immediately after the sing. If it should rain tonight, the Union ballroom will be the scene of the Sing. The State Police have agreed to patrol State street. All students are requested to refrain from blowing their horns if they should drive past the Oval, while all street cars are to run three miles an hour in that vicinity.
In the balloon race each woman riding has a baloon tied to her wrist and the object being to break all the balloons without getting yours broken.
Most of horses being exhibited are from the Purdue Riding Stables, however, the meet has attracted state wide interest and a number of outstanding privately owned animals will be exhibited and entered in the contests.
H 13
8
Co-ed Hours
All co-eds desiring out-of-town permissions the week-end of Prom, May 19, 20, and 21, will be required to present written consent from their parents along with the usual permission blanks. This announcement was issued by Dean Dorothy C. Stratton yesterday afternon. . .
13 Pledges Before the banquet Sigma Delta Chi initiation was held in the Union Buildipg for 13 pledges to the national professional journalistic fraternity. Two associate members, A. J. Huering, editor of the Winslow Dispatch, and J. M. Batterton, editor of the Lebanon Reporter, were named. The active initiates were as follows: G. W. Frederick, R. W. Deckard, W. E. Gatterall, D. G. Terrio, K. C. Houston, G J. Tafel, L. D. Kingsley, K. Burbrink, Jl. E. Insley, J. C. Woodson, R. Jenkins, and W. Kroeplin. In the afternoon session, Harrison McDonald, manager of the McDonald Advertising Company of Lafayette, and national authority on advertising, spoke on “How To Develop Classified Advertising.” In contrast to Pulliam’s remarks at the banquet, McDonald stated, “The fu-
Beside McDonald’s talk, E. C. Gorrell, publisher of the Pulaski County Democrat, and Wray Fleming, Indianapolis, president of the Hoosier Press Association, spoke on “Opportunities in the Weekly Fiel^” and “How 1939 Legislation Concerns Indiana Newspapers,” respectively, during the afternoon ses-
^Debris'
Don Bailey, president of the local chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, presided at the day’s programs. James C. Kiper, Chicago, national secretary of Sigma Delta Chi, attended the sessions.
Debris distribution will continue today from the Debris office in the Union between 12:30 and 1:30 p.m. Due to the Mother’s Day activities, books will be passed out only during this hour. Approximately 400 copies are still to be delivered, according to Boyette Edwards, business manager of the Debris.
Playshop
Alpha Chi Rho...
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of D. W. M. MacMillan, Ag ’42, Bedford; R. G. Beer, PSE ’41, and K. J. Thompson, ME ’41, of Mansfield, O.
By previous arrangement with the University Administration, the curtain on tonight’s performance of “Journey’s End,” current Playshop production, will be drawn promptly at 8 p. m. Inasmuch as latecomers cannot be seated during the first act guests attending the University Sing are urged to enter Fowler Hall by 7:50 p. m.
Mother’s Day Program (Saturday, May 13) 10:30 a. m.—Style Show—^Home Economics Auditorium. 12:30 p. m.—^Luncheon—^Union ballroom. 3:30 p. m.—^Women’s Self Government Association program— Union ballroom. 4:30 p. m.—-Union Reception and Tea—Faculty lounge. Union Building (immediately following WSGA program). 5:30 p. m.—Dinner hour. 6:30 p. m.—University Sing—On the Oval. (In case of rain. Union ballroom.) 8:00 p. m.—^Playshop Production, “Journey’s End”—Eliza Fowler Hall. 9:00 p. m.—Mothers’ Day Mixer— Union ballroom. (Sunday, May 14) 8:30 a. m—^Breakfast—Union ballroom. 9:30 a. m.—^YWCA Service for the Mothers—^Eliza Fowler Hall. 10:46 a. m.—Religious Services—^At Lafayette and West Lafayette Churches. 2:30 p. m.—Gymkhana—^Purdue Riding Club Program—^Intramural Field. Registration for all mothers will take place today fronl 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the main lounge of the Union at a special desk. All mothers are urged to register during this time, and tickets for all events will be on sale. There will be no reserved seats for either the limcheon or dinner, and students are urged to attend both with their mothers. Program Review—Saturday 12:30 a. m. — Luncheon—^Deans Stratton and Fisher and possibly President Elliott will speak briefly after the luncheon. Marvin Smith, tenor, will sing several numbers. Limch and program will be ovmr about 2:00 p. m. 3:30 p,m.—^WSGA Program. Feature of this program will be the crowning of the May Queen, Jessie Graham, and introduction of her court. Mortar Board pledges will be officially announced. Mary L. Switzer’s piano pla3nng, several • numbers by the Glee Club, and four dances by the Modem Dance group will comprise the entertainment. 4:30 p. m.—Union reception and tea-r—Many of the University offi(Continued on page 3)
¥ r
let Students Develop Brain Power By Thinking For Themselves'-D. D. Ewing
“Just as the football coach who keeps his men inside all the time would be unsuccessful, so also is the instructor who does* all the student’s thinking for him,” is the belief of Professor D. D. Ewing of the school of electrical engineering. “I try to develop the student’s mental muscles or brain power by making him do the thinking for himself. I give him the problem and expect him to do all the dirty work from there to the final solution.” One of the finest types of courses, he believes, is a six hour lab where the student is given a particular industrial problem to work out by himself. In this course he develops his initiative as well as preparing himself to bridge the gap between classroom instruction and postgraduation work in industry, where there is no one to tell him the right answer, and the method of solution is not as simple as solving two simultaneous equations.
Start On Common Ground One point Ewing believes is overlooked too often by instructors is the desirability of starting the semester with work that the student is already acquainted with. He says, “Get the teacher’s and student’s mind on the same level before proceeding with the advanced work.” This way no one is hopelessly lost before he starts. “Form the habit of good judgement in the student, and train him to use it.”
Ewing is impartial on the question of final exams. He has taught under both systems with and without finals, and he believes that they both have their good and bad points. A lot is learned in reviewing for the final which makes our system advantageous. The no-final plan natfirally places more stress on getting each day’s work because the semester’s tests count more in the absence of the final.
He doesn’t believe in number grades because he says grading undei that system is too inflexible. It takes a good stietch of the imagination to tell whether a paper deserves a 73 or a 74. On the other hand, letter grading is easier and more accurate. The instructor can easily tell upon reading the examination whether it falls in the H, A, B, or P class. When we asked him how we rank with the student of 26 years ago Ewing replied, “Students today can be started at a higher level in a course because of their previous information on the subject acquired outside of class.” The most deplorable condition that exists today that was extinct a few years ago, he believes, is the ability of the student to misspell ordinary words. ^ Farmer, Golfer, Etc. “I always considered teaching as much of an avocation as a vocation.
Always had trouble distinguishing between them. However, you can say that I am a farmer, a hunter, a golfer, a director of the Duncan Meter Company, and I also like to fix watches and clocks. I use my summers in consulting work, research, or editorial work.” Ewing served for seven years as contributing editor to ' McGraw Hill Publishing Company. He graduated from Ohio Northern in 1906. Came here in 1912 as part time assistant and graduate student and has been here ever since. Any copy of Who’s Who will give the details of his life. He worked for the Pennsylvania-Ohio Telephone Company when he was just starting out in industry. Ever since he saw the old pumpkin vine train run by his farm he has had the railroad “bug.” He took a job in St. Louis with the railroad for a while and then went back to Ohio Northern to teach for four years.
His philosophy of teaching stresses the importance of the “Why” of the problem rather than the “How.” Descriptive matter he believes useless unless supplemented by experimentation by the student himself. “I do very little formal lecturing unless the problem involves lots of engineering technique which the student is not familiar with.” The student should develop his power of precise and systematic thinking rather than rely too much on books, because obviously specific information is too soon obsolete.
Good Teaching. *
. . . and the personalities of those at Purdue who possess this art will receive recognition in the series of articles being published in these columns. This is the eighth of the series.
“I believe that the practice of grading on a curve is unfair because no sampling of the student body is large enough to be used as a basis for grading. If several thousand students were taking the same course, then, pei-haps, this system would be an accui'ate method for grading. Before the law of averages may be used in grading, a large sample or cross-section of the student body should be used. Try to find out early in the semester which students do not prepare their lessons and try to persuade them to drop the course rather than get a C or D at the end of the semester. Often it is necessary to advise a student who is delinquent in his work, due to absence from school for a long period of time, to go back and take the prerequisite over again. This will nish him with a refreshed working knowledge of the problems in the course at hand.
I^dihfdoL
THE POBDTJE EXPONENT
J^udufUHL
Saturday, May 13.1939
Readers, Meet Seven... Editorial ’We
. . . hard-working, enthusiastic, and capable persons—^next year’s senior staff. Their one big aim next year is to make the Exponent more your newspaper than theirs. With this high aim in mind, it seems fitting that you know them better, so this editor’s final message will take the form of an introduction. Mrst, meet Editor-In-Chief Robert Ellis Insley, a hoosier born and bred, hailing from the capitol city. Bob has livened up the office for three years with his dry wit and effervescent spirits, but beneath the happy-go-lucky exterior lurk unexpected talents and an unlimited capacity for work. Electrical engineering courses have claimed most of Bob’s class hours, but his afternoons and evenings have been crowded with many extracurricular activities. Student Senate, WBAA, Radio Club, Skull and Crescent, Gimlet, and Sigma Delta Chi have all competed with the Exponent for Bob’s participation. Grade and high school experience has wellfitted Insley for his editorship. First acquanitance with printing came in grade school years, while journalistic enthusiasm first came to the fore in Arsenal Tech high school where Bob' was elected co-editor-in-chief of the Arsenal Cannon. Editorial Director Donald Grey Terrio came to Purdue from Oak Park, Illinois, to fill a job new to the Exponent. Born 21 years ago in Houghton, Michigan, Don has led a life which placed him in such varied occupations as Chicago life saver and machinist in a Crane Company shop. Untiring energy and undaunted ambitions characterize Don in every project he undertakes. As a junior editor this year he has fairly haunted Exponent offices working for the job which he hopes will help prepare him for a career in journalism. Don has earned more than half of his college expenses, but still has managed to make the distinguished student list. He spends his summers working on Chicago newspapers or life-guarding in the shadow of the Edgewater Beach Hotel. George William Frederick as managing editor is quiet, hard-working and efficient. Bom to the taste of printer's ink, "Fred” has worked on newspapers in junior high as editor, and in senior high as humor editor. At Purdue Fred is interested in electrical engineering and is preparing for a job writ- ' ing publicity in an engineering corporation. He has cooperated with Insley in putting the Exponent on the air over WBAA, and is also a member of Gimlet and Sigma Delta Chi. Two Sig Ep fraternity brothers will guide the paper in the mysterious field known as “business.” Business Manager William Edward Smith, Jr., hails from Rocky River, Ohio, and has only one hobby—business. He’s even been accused of being nuts on the subject because he takes great interest in following industrial news. A confirmed woman hater. Bill is blessed with good looks and a 1939 DeSoto. The combination is inexplicable to his friends, but Bill remains aloof from the fairer sex. Edmund Marion Antonini, who’ll be senior advertising manager, leaves the folks at Mitchell, Indiana, when he comes to school for his mechanical engineering education. For three years Ed has been famous in the office as the “business staff clown." The level head on the “clown’s” shoulders, however, has worked overtime to fill many an Exponent column to the hilt with ads. Space and time prevent adequate biog- - raphies of new Co-ed Editor Georgann Schilling and Sports Editor Rolfe Jenkins. Georgann and Rolfe have been among the paper’s most conscientious and most faithful workers on both regular editions and summer papers. Georgann lives in Delphi, while Rolfe is a local product, commuting daily from his Lafayette home. After handing over the reins to a new editor and a new staff, all that now remains to be done is to clean out the traditional desk and write the last traditional “thirty” at the end of an editorial farewell.—H. I. Stanback ’39. Here’s To The Boys... . . . that spent many hours of their valuable school time working on the Exponent staff, only to be dropped in the recent election. If you should drop into the office nowadays, you would see how we really miss you. But practicability forbade the carrying over of the large personnel that would have included all of the fellows we would have liked to keep on the staff. Any little speech we could make in an editorial of this nature would fall far short of expressing the gratefulness and thanks that we owe you. Fellows who spend from eight to 12 hours a night, two nights each week, and 36 weeks out of each school year they have attended the University really deserve much more than this written commendation. So don’t consider your activities at an end, fellows, get in the running and find some other activity that interests you. You can always count on us to back you. 'ITien, too, time can always be used to advantage in hitting the books and making up for the laxity that necessarily accompanied your days on the staff. We don’t want this to be “Goodbye” now, drop in and see us anytime. What this whole editorial is trying to put across can probably be said just as effectively in two words, “thanks, fellows.’’—G. W. Frederick '40.
. . . came into a new meaning today with the reorganization of Exponent’s staff for the year 1939-40. Three men were chosen to direct the editorial department of the Boilermaker daily. These three men are going to do all in their power to make the Exponent the official publication “Of, by, and for the students of Purdue.” We will welcome and encourage any contributions by faculty and students alike to our columns in the sincere belief and hope that by so doing we may secure a more representative paper. It seems to be a necessity that one man assume the responsibility for the paper’s actions, and determine its policy. This will naturally fall to the editor. However, much of the actual editorial writing and campaigning will be under the supervision of the Editorial Director. This system will leave the Editor free to represent the paper on the campus and elsewhere when necessary. Fred, your new Managing Editor, will work with the junior and sophomore assistants in an effort to attain a better mechanical paper. He will direct the training of new recruits to our editorial ranks and strive, as will we all, to make the new Exponent accurate in every detail. We three want the University to feel that they are now a part of the paper. We would gladly welcome any criticism whatsoever concerning the content or presentation in our columns, and want you to feel that the new Exponent is ready to work with you on any proposition that will make for a bigger and better Purdue University.—R. E. Insley ’40. Editorial Reins... ... of every college newspaper are taken over at least once each year by an entirely new staff, a change necessarily caused by student turn-over. The Exponent is no exception to this rule, and today a "new junior-senior staff is named in the fiag. Methods of editorial presentation and individual viewpoints may change slightly from year to year, as different men take over the editorial page. Exponent’s 50-year policy will still hold, however. We will support those moves which we believe are beneficial to the student body, and will carry out campaigns designed to better University conditions. We will be equally quick to oppose those measures which seem detrimental to the best interests of Purdue University. Letters to the Editor .. . . . will be published in these columns, and readers are invited to express their views in this manner. Letters should be short, preferably under 250 words and double-spaced typed, if possible. Extremely long letters may be subjected to editing, otherwise they will be printed as written. Letters should be written in good taste, and in a constructive tone. For publication, all letters must be signed. Former Staff Members ... . . . whose names do not appear in the flag today, we will miss those names on the editorial “dog” and on business letters. Working with you for two or three years, as the case may be, has made us sincerely appreciative of your efforts. We regret the necessity of yesterday’s cut in staff personnel. You will be welcome in our office at any time, whether it be to criticize us, praise us, or offer suggestions. You are invited to drop in any afternoon or evening for a good oldfashioned friendly “bull-session.” — D. G. Terrio ’40.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of i>ostaKe provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earner for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley D. G. Temo G. W. Fredenck W. E. Smith E. M. Antonini R. Jenkins G. Schilling
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R H Donahue E K Heiple J H McKee M L Miers J H Willsey
^ Editor-iiirChief Editorial Director Managing Editor Business Manager Senior Advertising Manager Sports Editor Co-ed Editor
lunior Staff Business R Fisher R Hall A Hite M, Hageraeyer T Petty G Cox, Sec
D. J. Hennmger, Art Director
Sports
J W Dolan W D. Marquis M. M. Richards
Co-ed
M Burtsdcld G Carroll B Simpsoi^
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RBPRB8KNTKD BOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York N Y CHicAso Boston Los ANasLss - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Mueller Saturday, May 18, 1939
'Broadway After Dark' Will Play Mars Today Dazzling entertainment is to be offered patrons of the Mars theater tonight when an extensively elaborate stage show featuring Broadway performers will be given as a one-day special attraction. Headed by Ted and Art Miller, the offering is entitled “Broadway After Dark,” in which the jovial jesters are surrounded by an array of exceptional talent. The aggregation includes high class entertainers of several types, and the presentation of a colorful hodge-podge of mirth, music and dancing girls, comedians and good musicians. “Broadway After Dark” is a bang up show from start to fnish. Featured with the Miller brothers are the Six Decardos, stars of Billy Rose’s Casa Manana; Haig and Haig; the Three Siegfrieds; Ratliff and Rae; Mannie Hour; Ten Rose Bowl Girls, and the Jitter Bug divers.
LUMA
LAST DAY
JOHN LiTEL MARGARET LINDSAY — in — "ON TRIAL"
-and-
ROY ROGERS —-IN — ’SHINE ON HARVEST MOON" SUNDAY-MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
so
‘Father promised me a couple if I didn’t smoke till I was 21
Members.
... of the Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, Pi Kappa Phi fraternities and guests danced to the music of Earl Betourne last night in the Un-
University of Pennsylvania co-eds have orgamzed a personal appearance clinic to teach correct dress
ion ballroom. The occasion was the and make-up.
STARTS TOMORROW
Out of the greatness of their love came an American miracle of achievement!
Twentieth Century-Fox Presents DARRYL F. ZANUCK’S production of
DON LORETTA HENRY AMECIE-YOUNG-FONDA
= MIDNITE PREVUE = TONIGHT 11:30 Pulsing Drama of a Little Big House! BOYS TAKING THE CHANCE FOR A NEW START IN LIFE BOYS' REFORMATORY with Frankie Darro — Grant Withers A FIRST RUN HIT
RICHARD DIX in TWELVE CROWDED HOURS
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE JOE FENNER — in — I'M FROM THE CITY
MFHVBItt
LAST DAY
STARTS TOMORROW
Hiettc ]DWis U^ark ^ctory” with ^ GEO. BRENT.HUMPHREY BOGART
today ONLY
• ON THE SCREEN •
MICHAEL JEAN ROGERS CHICK CHANDLER
• ADMISSION • All SEATS 25t All SEATS 30t '£ 2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40c BALCONY . 30c CHILDREN, ALL DAY I5e I — — - — Stage Shows at — 1:30 - 3:50 - 6:00 8:10 - 10:00 LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 10:00
annual Tap dance, and over 100 couples attended.
1^Ji-*
Saturday. May 13.1939
Batting, Fielding Averages Reveal Smithson Best Fielder, Dickinson, Best Batter On Team In spite of the fact that the Boilermaker diamondmen have set the lost three, and tied three in 15 pace during the early stages of the starts. current Big Ten race, the batting it is only by looking behind the and fielding records of the Purdue records that one can read the real squad are unimpressive. Not one story of the Boilermakers’ success of Dutch Fehring’s regulars has on the diamond. It has been their been able to make a better than .277 ability to hit in the clu|;ch, with average at the plate. Only three of men on bases, coupled with excelthe regular infield have been able lent pitching and infield support in to handle the ball with .900 effic- cruciaj^ moments that has accounted iency . for their fine showing. Including Tuesday’s Butler game Following are the records up to the Boilermakers have won nine, and including the Butler game: BATTING AND FIELDING AVERAGES G AB H W SO Avg. TC E Avg. Ruppert 1 1 1 0 0 1.000 0 0 .000 Warner 2 2 1 0 0 .600 6 1 .800 Navta 1 2 1 0 0 .500 2 0 1.000 Vernon 4 9 4 0 1 .444 3 0 1.000 Emmert 6 6 2 3 1 .333 9 0 1.000 Bredewater, A. R 3 6 2 0 0 .333 9 0 1.000 Dickinson 16 65 18 2 3 .277 36 4 .889 Wargo 7 . 11 3 0 0 ..273 17 1 .941 Mackiewicz 15 05 15 7 5 .273 17 1 .941 Lyboult 11 40 10 4 3 ' ‘ :.250 57 5 .912 Thompson 14 46 11 9 10 .239 78 , 8 .898 Hearne 6 26 6 3 6 .231 30 3 .900 Bredewater, A. J 13 36 8 10 1 f.229 83 3 .964 Smithson 16 64 11 4 6 .204 170 2 .988 Stamm 11 40 8 ’ 5 7 .200 14 9 1.000 Yeager 7 21 4 2 3 .191 11 0 1.000 Bailey 6 16 3 0 3 .188 15 1 .933 Fisher 6 12 2 3 1 .167 30 6 .800 Dean 13 37 6 8 2 ,162 8 1 .876 Kurtz 7 10 1 4 0 .100 2 0 1.000 Danowski 4 3 0 0 1 .000 0 0 .000 Doherty 2 2 0 0 1 .000 0 0 .000 Doan 3 1 0 0 1 .000 4 0 1.000 Totals 16 501 117 64 55 .234 636 45 .929
THE PURDUE
SfiOiiSL
EXPONENT
SSSbIS Dick Papenguth, Former lAC
Home Match, 15-3
Continuing their wiiming streak, Purdue’s golf squad defeated Butler 16-3 yesterday afternoon on the Riveter home links. The Boilermakers won every match but one individual event. In the individual matches, Purdue won three out of four. Hoffer, Purdue man, vanquished Crawford of the Bulldogs, 3-0. David, Riveter leader followed by defeating Gold-
Head, To Coach Swimmers
stein of Butler, 3-0. Harris of the Indianapolis squad won the only match for the Bulldogs when he defeated Marshall of Purdue, 2-1, McKenzie, Riveter linksman, retaliated with a win over Foxworthy, Butler, by a score of 3-0, ending the match.
Richard 0. Papenguth, swimming coach since 1926 at the Indianapolis Athletic Club, has been signed as varsity swimming coach and instructor in physical education, according to an announcement made yesterday by Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics. Coach Papenguth will assume his duties next fall. Prof. L. W. LaBree, present coach
BoilermakerTennis Squad Defeats Indiana^ 5-4 Extending its winning streak to four consecutive matches, the Boilermaker varsity tennis team nosed out its downstate rivals from Indiana'yesterday in a closely contested battle at Champaign, 5-4. The Purdue squad won four out of the five singles matches and one of three doubles tilts.
Herb Fuente, playing number one
CLASS “B” TENNIS DOUBLES Today 1:30 p. m. Kappa Signia vs. Beta Theta Pi. Sigma Pi vs. Phi Pi Phi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Singles Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. All Campus H. Deutman vs. Moses. F. Richards vs. Waddington or Coerss.
A University of Texas instructor has devised a process to mathematically “photograph” the atom.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONEN1
position on the Boilermaker team, gave Kingdon a good fight before losing the opening singles match, 6-4, 2-6, 6-3. Alexander beat Blankenkritz, 6-4, 3-6, 7-6, to give the Boilermakers their first victory. Hebbeler came from behind to win from Haynie, 3-6, 6-3, 6-4, putting
the Purdue team in the lead. Blitz increased the Riveters’
lead by downing Chiddister of the Hoosiers in two straight sets, 6-2, 6-3, Mann forced Indiana’s Eldridge to go to seven games in the
SLACKS Sp^dnj^ Inner - Outer - Shirts..98c and $1.48 Bush Coats $1.98 and $2.98 SPORT COATS •h White - Single or Double Breasted
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO. 224 Main Street Phone 5730
Wear Smart New-Like Clothes
T-
h
Double your summer wardrobe by the wise use of Good Cleaning. We'll make your garments do twice the service, look better, last longer. Get the habit, for appearance's sake.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
first set, but lost, 7-6, 6-3. Jackson returned the Boilermakers to winning ways as he turned back Lugar in two easy sets, 6-4, 6-1. Mann and Alexander struggled stubbornly in the first set against Kingdon and Haynie of Indiana, forcing the Hoosier netmen to go to 12 games, then fell down to lose, 1210, 6-0. Blitz and Hebbeler gave little resistance to Blankenkirtz and Chiddister as the Hoosiers won, 6-2, 6-0. In the last and crucial match of the tourney, which was to decide the final score, Jackson and Fuente first string doubles combination outfought Eldridge and Lugar, 7-6, 6-1. In another conference meet played at Champaign yesterday, the Illinois tennis team defeated the Ohio State Buckeyes, 7-2. Continuing its week-end schedule at Champaign, the Boilermakers will face the Buckeyes this morning and Illinois this afternoon.
If You Want a Real
of swimming and tennis and in charge of corrective and remedial gymnastics, will be ^lieved of his duties as swimming coach so that he wHl be able to devote the amount of time necessary to class work that has become much greater during tbe last few years due to the tremendous increase in number of students. Plans New Swim Program Plans are being made to develop . a swimming program for the student body as a whole, Papenguth will devote his energies to this program, taking advantage of the 01-ympic-size swimming pool in the Fieldhouse. Papenguth was graduated from the University of Michigan in 1926, having assisted in anatomy and doing practical research work in public hygiene while at that school. He assumed his duties at the Indianapolis Athletic Club immediately following graduation and has since compiled an outstanding record as swimming coach there. lAC members have won 18 National Junior AAU titles, one relay title, and one water polo title. His Outstanding Proteges Among the outstanding swimmers he has developed are Frank Kennedy, who established several Big Ten records while competing at the University of Michigan; Frank Fehsenfeld, who won national collegiate high and low board diving titles at Michigan; Hal Benham, captain of next year’s Wolverine team and rated the third best diver in the country; George Wildhack, fancy diver who will lead next year’s Boilermaker team.
COLD DRINK Try Ours
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
; " ' TiX J' -
(tf
A PRI6WAN mg two fatnoufi quality leathara, ' Whiiu IBucikski^i; ^
, A - Brown
Oar word for it -“f wa'vo suoh ooatly loathora in ^Oi^^to nt-lhfe modorato prtca,
and built by^ maslot 'X 'VK
■ ■■ ■
A. B, c Co
«
406
Main
Street
University Will (Continued from page 1)
cials will be present to meet the mothers and students. 6:30 p. m.—University Sing. At least 37 groups will sing in the Oval before University Hall; in case of j rain the sing will be held in the Union ballroom. Over 1,000 chairs will be placed in the oval. After the sing will be a brief community sing while the judges decided upon the winning group. 8:00 p. m.—“Journey’s Ekid.” The show is a student Playshop production debunking war. 9:00 p. m.—Mother’s Day Mixer. Charles Cartwright will play for the mixer. Students accompanied by their mothers will be admitted free. Tickets Tickets for the Sunday morning breakfast, which will be held in the ballroom instead of the faculty lounge as stated on the programs, must be purchased in the main lounge sometime Saturday. Mrs. Lynn Miller, vice-president of the new parents’ association, will speak briefly. She will be introduced by Mrs. Hall, toastmaster. YWCA chief speaker will be Dean Stratton. Special show for Sunday will be the Gymkhaan given by the Purdue Riding Club. The show will start promptly at 2:30 p. m. in the intramural field.
ARC
LAST DAY
VICTOR McLAGLEN
A NEW UNt^RSA^PICTURE — and —
iBfteHESi
— also — FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS SERIAL
IMaiiI
TODAY-SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
wtih LUCILLE BALL aiUN UNE OOMaiD MacBliaE
— PLUS— Ytpet! He’s <t bronoh bustin* budtatoo out West where the fim begfnsL
IM Abo DONALD DUCK CARTOON3[aoaL diA.
THE PiniDOE EXPONENT
TUdtiaUL
Saturday. Mos^ 13,1939
Members of Alpha Gamma Rho, Triangle, and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities danced in the ballroom last night at their annual TAP formal. Chuck Coe and his band played for the Pedalion spring dance at the chapter house last night while at the Airport dancers swayed to the rhythm of Bill Martin’s band. Quite a night for dancing. —H-H— If you happen to be entertaining your mother this week-end, you should have little trouble finding things to do what with the numerous activities planned. The important thing to remember is that these two days are red letter times for mother, and this is your chance to repay her just a little for the unmeasurable sacrifices she has made for you. Of course, mother won’t care to run around like a typical coed, but we’re betting that she will like to get around some. So here’s your chance to do some super escorting. —H-H— Cardboard figures of Mickey Mouse, Pluto, Dopey, and other popular personalities will furnish the background for the ATO dance tonight. Harry McCrady and his band will play for the dance, which is a spring formal and will be given at the chapter house. —H-H— The Ides of May are upon us and final exams are in sight. Memo to everyone: Start to study. We imagine the seniors are meditating long hours on the prospect of going forth into the cold world. We have been thinking a little for them and have decided that: 1. A sheepskin is less important to the senioi's than to the sheep. After all it holds the sheep together, but we doubt if it will do as much for you. 2. That diploma is not a ticket to luxury and happiness, but Seniors can use it to cover up a hole in the wall if they have common sense and energy enough to acquire a
wall.
3. All the cups they’ve won at bridge and intramural sports will come in handy as shaving mugs and drinking glasses. They can get the silverware by saving soap flake box
tops.
4. Even to the person who can never get into that upper income bracket, a college education is valuable it gives him something to think about while he’s digging a lot of ditches. Chocolate Shop Four Wins Annual Bridge Tournament C. Retry, R. Wehring, C. Isbell, and E. Anderson of the Chocolate Shop Four won the fifth and final round of the Contract Bridge Tournament Thursday evening. Second place was taken by the Pour Aces while third and fourth places were taken by Phi Gamma No. 1 and Local No. 101 respectively. The contest, sponsored by the Memorial Union and in charge of Jim Williamson, was directed by Julius L. Born. Members of the winning team will be awarded individual keys or a team trophy according to their choice.
Agronomy Department To Picnic This Afternoon Agronomy students, research and extension workers, and teachers will hold their third annual picnic this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock at the Soils and Crops Farm grove. The afternoon will be spent in a program of student-faculty games topped off with the awarding of the Sickle to the winner of the most events. In ’37 the students won the Sickle, and last year the faculty took it back. Following the games refreshments will be served. Picnic-goers will leave from in front of Ag Hall at 2:15 p. m.
aawBAA **THK VOICE OP PUROUK* 11:00—Just Kids.' 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program 12:00—Mothers’ Day Broadcast. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:16—Greek Letter Parade. 2:46—Paul Punk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
lar Epworth League will be held. —BROWN.
Christian Science Orgranlzation: The reglar meeting will be held Tuesday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
ment. This equipment will be delivered to the supply room lii approximately two Weeks. —FAULCONER.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, May 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. Compulsory for pledges. —MUNRO.
PI A Dance Class: All former and present dancing class members are invited to a final dqnce class to be held in the Memorial Gym on Monday, May 15, from 7:80 to 10 p. m. —WELLS, Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, May 14, alj 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. Compulsory for pledges. —MUNRO.
Newman Club: iiiiection meeting Sunday, May 14, after the 8 o’clock mass. Membership cards must be presented for voting. ' —KASSER.
tomorrow
— '
C lassiiied
Ads
Radio Club: Picnic and treasure hunt, Tuesday, May 16. Leave EE Building at 5:30 p. m. Free to “hams” and members —26 cents to all others. Those planning to attend phone Adams, 8421, or me at 66102 by Monday evening. —PATTERSON.
All Student Bowlers: Interested in bowling for the University singles championship should sign up at the alleys in the Union Building before Tuesday evening, May 16. All entrants will bowl 3 games and the entrant making the most points will be declared the winner. All games must be rolled on Wednesday or Thursday, May 17 and 18. • —MACKEY.
8:Q0—Mother’s Day breakfast at the Wesley Foundation. 9:30—Dr. Hadley will teach the Men’s Sunday school class at the West Lafayette Methodist church. 10:40—Dr. Steele will preach on “A Mother’s Ambition.” 6:30—Picnic Supper at the Stadium. 8:30—Annual Star Service of worship. Speaker—Prof. Todd. PRESBYTERIAN AND CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS 9:30—Prof. B. H. Petty will speak to the Student Discussion Group on “Science and the Good Life,” presenting the subject from the viewpoint of the engineer. 10:45—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Music by the choir led by A. P. Stewart, music director of the University. 6:00—Supper will be served after which Miss Coolidge, Assistant to the Dean of Women, will speak on the subject “Boy Meets Girl.” ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB 9:30—Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:35—Mother’s Day service. Sermon, “]\^other O’ Mine” by the pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason. 5:30—Social hour with lunch at 6 o’clock. 6:30—Roger Williams Club presents, “The Mother of the Arttist.” Director. Helen Ruth Cox.
MISCELLANEOUS
REDUCED summer rates. Shower, single beds, large rooms. Across from Union. 166 N. Grant St.
Tau Beta Pi: Paper weights are available for all actives. See me at the Triangle House. (6-14) —WITWER.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
ROOMS FOR RENT WANTED on August 16th, three or four room unfurnished apartment in West Lafayette. Call 626^.
Freshmen Engineers: All those enrolled in engineering lectures report in Fowler Hall Saturday, May 13, at 8 a. m. , —KNAPP.
Prom Ticket Holders: Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs in at the cashier’s office by Wednesday, May 17, at 4 p. m. —BURNS.
WAA Archery: All girls in WAA archery must have at least three rounds in by Monday, May 16. There will be practice every evening at four this week. —MOREHOUSE.
M&iices
Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the supply room all day Tuesday, May 16, with samples, for the purpose of taking measurements and orders for ORC equip-
Exponent Juniors: Temporary arrangements for News of the Week stand as follows : National—Willsey, Foreign—DeHoog, Business—Miers, Washington, and Heiple. Please get the columns in at a reasonable time today. May 13. —FRED.
PIA Board: Meeting Tuesday, May 16, at 7 p. m. in PIA office. I —HINSHAW.
Wesley Foundation: Annual Star Service Sunday, May 14, at 8:30 p. m. at the Stadium. Prof. Todd will talk. —McFADDEN.
Wesley Foundation: Mothers’ Day breakfast at the ‘ Foundation House at 8 a. m. Sunday, May 14. You are invited to bring your mother. Tickets 10c. —McFADDEN.
Reamers: Picnic Monday, May 16, at Ross Camp. Price is 50 cents. Meet at the east door of the Union at 5 p. ra. —HOFFMAN.
Wesley Foundation: Star service will be held Sunday, May 14, at 8:30 p. m. Professor Todd will lead. Social hour will be at 6 :30 in the form of a picnic. No regu-
^11 the NEW
FUOWERS SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONt 2777
A Mother’s Day Message
in Flowers
The perfect tribute — flowers to carry your message of love to Mother on her very own day. You know she'd love a beautiful corsage to wear to church next Sunday. Some lovely cut flowers, and your wearing a carnation in honor of your Mother will be deeply appreciated. May we suggest that you place your order early.
ROTH’S Inc.
Luna Theater Building
PHONE 7955
635 MAIN
to Double the Life of Your Car,” now available in Professor Jacklin’s office. (6-14) -HERR.
SAE Members: Alt memuevs planning to go on the SAE picnic Wednesday, May 17, consult SAE bulletin board in auto lab. immediately. —HERR.
SAE Members: Those members of the recent inspection' trip visiting 'the Perfect Circle Co. should call for their copy of “How
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
MOTHER, MY PAL Mother, you bore and you reared me. Despondent, you helped and you cheered.me. Comforted when others jeered me. Mother, my pal. When I think of the things that you told me. The things that in life will uphold me. I feel your arms.once more enfold me. Mother, my pal. And after your voice has been stilled, dear. When your body—Oh God—lies there chilled, dear. My heart still with love will be filled, dear. For mother, my pal.
Courtesy of — RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler
605 MAIN ST.
PHONE 6377
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated, exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices. CROWN UUNDRY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everythino for a College Educetlon H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST M9Mi Vina West Lafayatfa Phone 4965
• Jewelers
• Locksmith
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door lacks, desk locks, night latdias and pacHooks. Auto keys a specialty, aie^laai, ac':essorles and repairins. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana UU
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowen Main at 7th Phona SOSO