Purdue
Z-186
Eixponent
■tel
SATURDAY
April 29, 1939
Loioyette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 169
Song Leaders Meet Pidn Mothers' Day Program Decide On Details Of Dress, Attendance As Committee, Choral Director Draft Rules Thirty-three fraternity singing leaders met yesterday afternoon with Student Union committee members in charge of the Mother’s day program, May 12, to decide on rules for the annual inter-fraternity sing. A1 Stewart, director of choral organizations, led the discussion on common problems and practices, with Union vice-president John Richardson opening the meet-*
Seniors May Obtain i^li Al M. ^ *1 Gala Week Tickets DGOdtCfS IViGGt; COnSluCr
At Cashier's Office
mg. Principal purpose of the meeting, according to Union committeemen, was to gain greater cooperation between fraternities and officials, and to make a smoother and more effective program. Rules decided upon at the meeting concerned dress, songs, and general program. Dress Optional Dress for the sing will be optional. Stewart recommended dark suits with white shoes, or white coats, however, the fraternity may decide on any informal or semi-formal dress. Each fraternity and sorority will be limited to two songs. The interfraternity sing will be held outside in the oval before University Hall if the weather permits. However, separate plans are being arranged to hold the meeting in the Union bhllroom in case of rain. Attendance Rules Another ruling decided upon states that 80 percent of the fraternal group must be present for the singing. Reasons for this were discussed by AI Stewart. He said this large a number was to obtain a cross section of the singing ability of the group and also to further group spirit which is present in any singing group. Purdue Independent Association will be represented by a group of approximately 30 independent student singers ,according to PIA president Jerry Hinshaw, who was present at the meeting. Fifty Register At Opening Session Of Newman Conference Approximately 50 delegates from schools throughout Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Kentucky, and Tennessee registered last night at the thirteenth annual Newman Club convention. Registration will continue this morning from 8 to 12 in the Union, and according to officials should total over 150. At last night’s meeting following registration, Edward J. Brennen, province chairman from Kent State University, led the delegates in a discussion of the progress of NewClubs throughout the nation. Immediately following today’s luncheon the convention will be divided into discussion groups which are to last until 4:30 when all will again reassemble to elect a province chairman and chose a site for next year’s convention. At the banquet in the Union ballroom at 6 p. m. the Very Reverend Vincent Mooney, national director of the NCCW Youth Conference, will be the principal speaker. The conference will draw to a close tomorrow morning with mass at 9:30 and a breakfast immediately following. Mortar Board To Fete Distinguished Co-eds Fifty sophomore, junior, and senior co-ed distinguished students will be the guests of Mortar Board at a “Smarty Supper,” tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. The supper is an effort, on the • part of Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, to promote good scholarship. After the buffet supper, which will be served on the terrace if weather permits. Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton will speak to the group.
Annual Tri-School AIEE Conference Opens At 9:30 Today AIEE will hold their annual tri-school conference on the campus today. The three schools participating in the conference are the University of Illinois, Rose Polytechnic of Terre Haute, and Purdue. Registration will begin at 9:30 a. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. C. P. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, will give the welcoming address at 10 a. m. Following Dr. Harding’s address, students from each school will present technical papers. Lovell To Speak Professor A. H. Lovell, vice-chair-man of the fifth district of the AIEE, will be the principal speaker at the luncheon in faculty lounge at noon. Lovell is professor of electrical engineering at the University of Michigan. Tickets for the luncheon, priced at 65 cents, may be secured from members of the local chapter of AIEE. R. H. George and H. J. Heim of the electrical engineering staff, will give a demonstration and lecture on television at 2 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. At 3 o’clock J. K. Karr of the electrical engineering staff will conduct an inspection trip to the television station, the EE Building, the Airport, and other points of interest on the campus. At 4 p. m. R. E. Seely, E. H. Lederer, and R. D. Elbourn will give a Tesla Coil demonstration in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Huld Will Speak At Tau Beta Pi Banquet Dr. Henry T. Heald, president of Armour Institute of Technology will speak at the All-Engineering Banquet, in the Union ballroom on Wednesday, May 3. Dr. Heald has been at Armour since 1927 and was elected president of the Institute in October 1937. Previous to that he served as Professor of Civil Engineering and as Dean of the school. Dr. Heald is a member of Tau Beta Pi, Sigma Tau, Phi Kappa Phi, and Chi Epsilon honoraries. The All-Enginering banquet is an annual affair sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, engineering scholastic honorary. The banquet is open to members of the faculty, members of engineering honoraries, distinguished students, and upper class co-eds. Andy Hansen Plays Toniffht Andy Hansen and his University of Illinois band will furnish music for the regular mixer in the Union ballrom from 9 to 12 tonight. Hanson, who is a member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, national music honorary, features a mello-swing style of music. The usual price of one dollar will prevail.
According to members of the Gala Week committee, seniors may obtain tickets for Commencement by paying the diploma fee at the Administration Buildjing. Eaich senior will be allowed four tickejts. Verle Farrow, in charge of the distribution of programs to the seniors, has urged that orders for the commencement invitations and announcements be placed before May 3. Orders may be placed at Deac’s or Southworth’s. Two types of invitations are now available. One is plain white with a raised sketch of Heavilon Hall Tower. The other made from the same die is stamp on black, artificial leather with the tower silhouetted against a gold background. Virginia C. Meredith Ciub Eiects Yeager President For Coining School Year Mary Glenn Yeager was elected president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club for 1939-40 at elections held yesterday in the Home Economics Building. Other officers chosen were: vice-president and program chairman, Jean Shake; secre-tary-treasurer, Agnes MdCulloch; senior representatives, Janet Gaylord and Myra Lewis; junior representative, Barbara Warren; and the sophomore representatives, Mandy Guthrie and Mfiry Henry. Members of Omicron Nu and the Virginia C. Meredith Club have arranged to have Miss Hazel Manning, professor of clothing and textiles at the University of Wisconsin, as the principal speaker at their annual banquet to be held May 4 at 5:30 in the Home Economics Building. At this time the Omicron Nu Medal will be presented to the most outstanding freshman co-ed in the home economics department. Committees for the banquet are headed by Agnes McCulloch, decorations; Jean Hudson, program; Ann Slocum, publicity. Any co-ed or faculty member desiring to attend may obtain tickets for 50 cents from Treva Berry, ticket chairman. NYA Checks Arrive NYA checks for the period ending April 15, arrived yesterday morning. Workers may obtain their pay at Cashier W. W. HoUensbe’s office in the Executive Building
New Deal Legislation Today
Literary Contest Manuscripts Due By Noon On May 18 “All manuscripts intended for the All-University Literary Contest must be handed in at the English office or office 204-A, University Hall, by noon of May 18,” annoirnced officials in charge of the contest yesterday. Prizes to be awarded will be the Reisner Cup for the best short story, the George Ade Cup for the best play, the David E. Ross Cup for the best* poetry, and the Governor Townsend Cup for the top informal essay. Cash prizes to be awarded are Dean Enders’ awards of $10 and $5 for the best science essay, the Hock-ema-Stewart prizes of $16 and $10 for the best essay on a phase of Indiana history, and the English department’s two $12.50 prizes for the second best informal essay and second best short story. Winners in these various classifications will be announced at the annual Literary Banquet to be held in the latter part of May. Exact date of the affair will be announced in the near future. WSGA Picks Boaid; r Installs New Officers WSGA executive and judicial board members for next year were announced at the installation of the association’s officers last Thursday evening. Executive board appointments were given to Marianna Wilson, Margaret Mitchell, Bonita House, Doris Gamble, Ellen Bassett, Mary Jane Carr, Elizabeth Barmes, Margaret Saurer, Treva Berry, and Georgia Carroll. Leaders of all co-ed activities automatically holding seats are Catherine Cooley, Gfeorgia Walker, Emily Jane Meyer, Frances Raebig, and the co-ed executive of the Union, Debris, and Exponent who have not been determined yet. Making up the judicial board will be Martha Moorhead, chairman, Margaret Crankshaw, Alberta Densford, and Betty Morris.
Over 4 Miles Of Tunnels Carry Steamy Wafer From Power Plant
By “Chico” Approximately four and a half miles of tunnels connect campus buildings with the University power plant. Through these tunnels run the high and low pressure steam lines, most of the water main§, and electric conduits which carry power to the University buildings. Steam for the low pressure heating mains is taken from the exhaust of the turbines and fed into the lines at seven to 10 pounds pressure. In very cold weather the amount of steam exhausted from the turbines is not sufficient to maintain the proper pressure in the lines and additional steam is fed into the lines from the high pressure boilers. Steam For Laboratories Steam from the high pressure boilers is also fed into special mains for use in the laboratories in Heavilon Hall and the Mechanical Engineering Building. Generally steam from the turbines exceeds the amount needed fov heating buildings and this excess steam is condensed. Water which is used to cool the condensers is pumped to the cooling basin behind the power plant where it is cooled before being pumped back to the condensers to be used again.
Tau Kappa Alpha Members From Midwest Universities Convene At Model Assembly Tau Kappa Alpha delegates from 10 mid-western schools convene at the University today to discuss legislation pertain-
ing to the New Deal.
Approximately 50 members of the national forensic honorary will register at the Union Building at noon as guests of the Purdue chapter. Following a luncheon delegates will name subjects to be brought up before the model legislature session to " " ■■■ "" be held this afternoon.
SAE Names Winners Of Essay Contest At Banquet In Union Fifty-five members of the Society of Automotive Engineers rep-
resenting the Indiana, Chicago, Day-
ton, and campus sections met last night for a banquet in the Union ballroom and afterwards reassembled in the Reception room of the Union to hear the final eliminations ip the William B. Stout stu-
dent paper contest.
Results of the competition awarded first prize of $15, and the $10 prize for the paper containing the best English to D. E. Lowman who wrote on “Production Testing in the Aircraft Industry.” Second prize went to Stephan Luther talking on “The Process of Rubber Reclaiming.’’ Third was given to Marshall Wickersham and his paper on “The History of the Automatic Trans-
mission.”
Judges were M. 0. Teter, chairman of the Indiana section; T. E. Gamble, chairman of the Chicago section; Harold Nutt, of the BorgWarner Corporation of Chicago, and Prof. H. L. Creek, head of the Eng-
lish department.
Preceding the banquet the delegates were taken about the campus on an inspection tour of the various
engineering laboratories. Army Offers ROTO Honor Graduates Lieut. Commissions
To Co-eds On Hygiene
Bob Sasser, representing the Purdue chapter, will present a bill calling for a “Subsidy for Commercial
Aviation.”
Submit Proposals Other proposals to be submitted include railroad regulation, a government reorganization bill, revision of the Wagner Labor Act, a WPA deficiency appropriation biU, repeal of the undistributed profits tax, and revision of the Neutrali-
ty Act.
Committee hearings will be he held on these measures and they will then be taken back to the general assembly with Prof. A. H. Monroe, of the speech department, presiding. The assembly will vote on
committee reports.
The following telegram was received last night by Professor P. E. Lull of the speech department: “Congratulations on your model legislature. Greetings to alL Wish
I were with you.”
Signed,
LOWELL THOMAS, National President of Tau Kappa
Alpha.
After having disposed of this calendar, the congress will hold a brief business session, to be followed by a banquet. Delegates will attend
the mixer in the evening. Committee In Charge
In charge of the convention is a committee composed of P. E. LuU, Purdue; R. Huber, Indiana; George Beauchamp, Manchester; and A. H. Lindbloom, of Western State. Bob Buckles, president of the local chapter of Tau Kappa Alpha, wiU act
as host for the visitors.
All tunnels have been constructed since 1926. Before then pipes were laid in cement ditches with a tile covering over the top. The tunnel system constantly is being expanded to keep up with the University building program. Present tunnels are about seven feet high and vary from five to 10 feet in width, and have electric conduits laid in grooves along the sides. Whenever possible tunnels are laid under the sidewalk and heat from them keeps the walks free from snow and ice in the winter. Inspected Daily The tunnels are inspected every morning by a crew under the direction of O. L. Peterson, who has charge of maintaining the system. The heating system of each building is also inspected daily to see that no leaks have developed during the night. In about 60 per cent of the buildings the heat is controlled automatically. While the installation of thermostatic control has cut down the excess consumption of heat, surveys show that due to the fact that there is no control over ventilation, the amount of steam used in comparatively warm weather is as much as in zero weather.
Honor graduates of the Univer-
sity ROTC unit will be eligible for commissions as 2nd Lieutenants in the Regular Army, the Air Corps, excepted, according to an announcement from the U. S. War Department. This should not be confused with the Thomson Act Appointments, where the candidates are called to active duty for one year and then must take an examination
for permanent appointment. Appointments will be confined to
honor graduates in the Military Department graduating during the current year. Further requirements are that the candidate shall carry an excellent scholastic rating in the University, and shall be able to pass the prescribed physical examina-
tion for commission in the Army. Honor graduates of senior ROTC
units of other institutions who hold a commission or certificate of appointment in the Officers Reserve Corps, and who will graduate from Purdue this semester, are also elig-
ible for consideration.
The War Department requires that names of interested candidates be submitted by May 1st. Those interested should file their application with Col. Pickering or Capt.
Morse today or tomorrow.
Winifred Gregory... . . . HE ’39, has recently received an appointment as student dietition at the Good Samai*itan Hqspital, at Portland, Ore. She is the first Pm--due grjsiduate to enter a hospital in that section of the country. '
Of Marriage Tuesday Dr. Elizabeth Tower, woman physician from Chicago, will address senior co-eds on Tuesday, May 2, in the Women’s Lounge of the Union Building. “The lecture, contrary to information on cards sent to senior co-eds, will start at 7 p.m. instead of 8 p. m.,” Betty Jo Sexton announced last night. “The Hygiene of Marriage” will be Dr. Tower’s subject for this next to last co-ed marital lecture. Passports will be necessary to attend the lectme. Dr. Elizabeth Tower has spoken to graduating co-eds for several years in the past and is one of the most popularly received speakers on the program. In addition to her work as a woman physician, she is also married. Last of the senior co-ed marital lectures will be held on Thursday, May 4. Dr. Ralph Gerard will speak on “Marriage from the man’s viewpoint.” Joe Cappo's... . . . 11-piece band played sweet dance tunes with accordion accompaniment for 250 gingham-clad galloping gii’ls and their chosen escorts last night in the Union ballroom. Oil the backdrop was hung a gingham cloud looming over sevei'al colorful umbrellas. The event was sponsored by Mortar Board, national senior women's honorary.
1 J %£dihydat
THE PUBDtIE EXPONENT
J’naiuJUiA.
Saturday, April 29, 1939
Action Is Underway...
... up at the Fieldhouse to form a much needed missing link between managers of the various major sports. Under the guidance of SAA the organization would be called the Purdue Athletic Managers Club and number among its members junior and senior managers of football, basketball, track, and baseball, the four officers of SAA, and the athletic director.
“Create a feeling of cooperation among its members” will be its purpose. Among its duties are (1) to help fellow members during their busy seasons, (2) to sponsor a mass meeting for prospective freshman managers, and (3) to set up specific qualifications for the junior manager positions.
Such an organization, when OK’d by Nobe Kizer and incorporated in the SAA constitution, will fill a much-needed place in the sports regime, furnishing sufficient man power in emergencies such as large athletic events on the campus, and bringing the heretofore hazy selection of student manager down to earth. —R. E. I.
Alumni Association...
. . . offices are buzzing with activity these days, as Executive Secretary Eth Baugh and his staff prepare for their fast-moving Gala Week program, Friday, May 5, through Sunday, May 7. Eth felt quite pleased, for he had received news that the Founders’ Day Banquet on May 6 would be aired by the Mutual Broadcasting System.
the Purdue Exponent
Ehitered m Meond dara matter at tbe poat office in Lafayette. Indiana, under die act of Coneresa of Hareh 8, 1879, and at tiie apeoial rate of poatace provided for in aection 1108. aet of October 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jannary 20, 1928. jhibliabed daily except Uonday dnrlns tiM resrolar academic year and wedcly dnrfntf the Summer Seaaion. Delirered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail anbacriptlon $8.50.
Editor-In-CMef Business Manager
H. I. Stanhack ..... R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF HanaylnK Editor i L. 8. Bardiii City Editor D. A. Bailey Aasoeiate Edltora G. W. Frederick, K. O. Honston, B. S. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. O. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoosr, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McEeighan, M Miens, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A. Yates.
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 811 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Pnrdne Fiddhouae, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2798
RSPRESENTSD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Pubhshers Representative
AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaso Boston Los Aroelbs - San Francisco
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are stadent opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by
the edKor-in-^ief.
\
Night Editor—Beer Issue Editor—Traugott Saturday, April 29, 1939
“Binding the past with the present for the future of Purdue” is the Association’s motto which also says, “Purdue’s Best Advertisement Is Her Alumni.” Supporting this. Prof. A. G. Young questioned 500 sophomores last year, “li^y did you enter Purdue ?” Over 85 per cent answered, “Because of an enthusiastic alumnus.”
address clubs in Washington, New York, and Boston before returning here for Gala Week.
The Alumni Association aims to keep Boilermakers in every comer of the world informed about Purdue activities. Individual club members all over the country will gather for their own Founders’ Day banquet, stag, smoker, or meeting to hear the half-hour coast-to-coast broadcast originating in the Union ballroom. Furthest away of the Purdue clubs are Shanghai, China, and Manila, P. I.
President Elliott is strong for the Alumni Association and its work. He spoke Thursday to the Ft. Wasme Club, and last night to the Detroit group. Now Dr. Elliott flies east, to
collegiate
Scrivener Club Will
Meet Sunday, Select
By Joy Johnson CRAZE-CRAZY . . .
Pledges On Monday
. . . collegians have figured a new way to get into the limelight. The streamlined student has been eating his fish course raw, and instead of tough steaks, he chews victrola records. Now to add to the general beauty of the beast, he has his hair shaved off, every last curl. The exponent of this latest idea, and he only won five dollars, was a sophomore at Ohio State. He must have been pretty hard up.
—C—
Last guest meeting of the Scrivener Club will be held Sunday evening at 7:30 in room 2 of the Union. Approximately 35 freshman who have expressed an interest in writing will have attended the club meetings. They will be considered for pledges to the club. Monday night a meeting will be held to determine who the pledges will be. Pledges will read an assigned paper, and will be initiated after May. There will be a formal banquet on the evening of their initiation.
testants will meet at the airport at 2 this afternoon for their instructions. Entry blanks should be given to Capt. Aretz at or before this time. Individual prizes will be awarded to the winners in each event and a grand prize will be awarded for the greatest accumulation of points. CAA pilots are invited to attend, and the time spent will count on the regular CAA time.
WBAA
■'THE VOICE OF PURDUE*'
HITLER RESIGNS . . .
... or “It Can’t Happen There! A Political Impossibility,” is the fond hope of one Harvard junior in a recently published pamphlet. The junior, Arthur Isenberg, predicts an an easy and less destructive outcome of the present world political crisis than most well-known observers will. In fact, he pictures Hitler in his resignation speech, saying, “As I sit here before the microphone, I am overcome with the realization of the sins that I have committed in the past.” Der Fuehrer’s resignation and the subsequent liberation of the Jews causes such an uproar in Italy that Mussolini himself retires to dedicate to “my home and family,” says the booklet. To keep in step with the times, Stalin commits suicide and recommends that communism be replaced by a democracy . .. Well, it’s a nice game if you can work it Mr. Isenberg.
Flying Club To Hold Annual Air Meet Tomorrow At 1:30
Purdue Flying Club will hold their annual air meet tomorrow afternoon at 1:30. All pilots who have had five solo hours are eligible to enter the meet. The contest will consist of three events, spot landings from 600 feet, spot landing from 1,000 feet, and bomb dropping. Entry fee is 60 cents and entry blanks may be secured from Capt. Aretz, director of the airport. Con-
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—^High School Guest Program 12:00—Charles Powell, Tune Time. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 1:46—Baseball Game — Western State Teachers College vs. Purdue.
SLIP-STICKS . . . . . . can’t be kept out of the news or the limelight it seems. It’s such an expensive and necessary part (along with the raincoat) of an engineer’s education, that University of Michigan eds have set up a new method to cut down on replacements made necessary by loss or theft. The Wolverines have established a registration and identfication bureau for all slide rules. Each one will be numbered so that in the future the misplaced or stolen rules will be easier to recover.
LUHA
LAST DAY
WALLACE BEERY — IN — "TREASURE ISLAND" — AND — W. C. FIELDS — IN — 'DAVID COPPERFIELD'
SUNDAY- MONDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
RONALD REGAN — In — 'Secret Service of the Air' — PLUS — CLARK GABLE NORMA SHEARER
• in -
'IDIOT'S DELIGHT'
ARC
LAST DAY
with RICHARD CROMWELL MARSHA HUNT
AND-
— ALSO — FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
SUNDAY-MONDAY
“OUT WEST WITH THE HARDY’S’
“MYSTERIOUS MR. MOTO’
K
SSSI*
We sure liked the way the Theta pledges snatch in on each other’s boy friends!
Purdue should be proud of her alumni. They have a country-wide reputation as strong supporters of their Alma Mater. At Big Ten banquets the Purdue contingent is usually strongest.
Gifts and financial aid from alumni come less to a state institution than to an endowed college. Even so, Purdue alumni gave over $150,000 for the Fieldhouse. They gave this not because somebody strongly “requested” them to, but because they really wanted to. The Purdue Memorial Union owes its very existence to gifts from alumni and life memberships.
Every student may look forward to an enjoyable Open House and Gala Week. When today’s student receives his degree, the Alumni Association will do its best to keep him in close touch with his University.—^D. G. T.
Who said this skool doesn’t lead to insanity? Soc classes are planning a visit to L<^|:ansport next week . . . that’s what we get for going to Purdue . . . just a degree from Long-Cliff!
Evidently some girl thinks HACK METZ . . . Tau Epsilon Phi . . . has lots of good features ... in a recent letter she says he is smooth, swell dancer, and one grand person! Gee, pal, after all that, can you still wear a hat?
Some people have all the luck . .
iMAItl
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30 New Laughs
New Thrills
New Fun
5^
the \ts
scr®rj
%e
A' 'll
JAMES EUASON lUEILE ClEASON RUSSIUGIEASSN
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
RAMON NOVARRO in A DESPERATE ADVENTURE — Plus — THE SAINT STRIKES BACK
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidily
WOMEN REDUCED TO A FORMULA— Symbol—W, O. Occurrence—Can be found where man exists. Physical Property—All color and sizes. Always appears in disguised condition. Surface of face is seldom unprotected by coating of paint or film of powder. Boils at nothing and freezes at any moment. Melts when properly treated. Very bitter is not used correctly. Chemical Property — Extremely active. * Possesses a great affinity for gold, silver, platinum and precious stones of all kinds. Violent reaction when left alone by man. Has ability to absorb all kinds of expensive foods. Turns green when placed next to a better appearing sample. Ages very rapidly. Fresh variety has great magnet attraction. Highly explosive and likely to be dangerous in inexperienced hands. —WARREN DUBSKY.
(MO^
r.MSS by United JPenUnr* Byndle***
T’m not interested in the price! How much is the first pasnnent ?”
“I wanna girl . . . just like the girls what took those damn fraternity pins . . . wance I had a swell girl’s trio for my dumb radio programme but now they went and took pins . . . makes all the boys very unhappy ... must find another bunch of cuties . . . like PAULAS, CALDWELL, and IRWIN..Just call me “Bucket” ADAMS.
here we sit in our glooms while MARY LOU SWANEY hops off to Columbus for a gay ole week-end. Some kind of a Phi Mu delegation. We hear that the Ohio State boys are really on the ball, MARY LOU.
That’s enuff. Here I go to find excitement!. . . goodbye . . . gotta watch the turkey’s run.
SEE YOU AT THE MIXER TONIGHT!!
O. K. all you Sherlock Holmes . . try your hand at this mystery at the Lafayette ... But first, hand in a contrib and get that free pass.
This Ouija Board business is becoming pretty serious . . . preety soon, someone will commit suicide just because the Ouija says too. MARIE JOHNSON is a confirmed believer in this little man’s predictions . . . Latest development: To receive a certain fraternity pin (Alpha Chi Rho) on Friday, April 28. All that we can say is, this morning either her faith will be shattered or her faith in the systics increased.
PRAYER OF A GOON BOY: Both beautiful and dumb Must my true love be .. . Beautiful so I’ll love her And dumb so she’ll love me.
Well, here I sit at my desk Lookin into space With my eyes half closed No expression on my face.
LAST DAY
SIRARTHUR CONAN DIMES
Gf
me.
msMimms
RICHARD BASU WgNOV GREENE-RATHBONE-BARRIE
STARTING TOMORROW Exciting Journey Into the Bad
Lands of a Wild and Lawless Era . ,.
-aV,
\
wmm
__WITH — CLAIRE TREVOR JOHN WAYNE ANDY DEVINE GEORGE BANCROFT
TODAY
ONLY-
A GLORY OF GIRLS: A RIOT OF FUN *:
oLues
i'Aiaott
CAST OF 40
6 BIG ACTS
Stage Shows — at — I;15 - 3:25 5:40 - 8:00 Last Complete Show at 10:00
— ON THE screenaction—LAUGHS—ROMANCE
STARTS TOMORROW
BOB BURNS — IN — I'm From Missouri"
—ADMISSION ALL SEATS 25c AU SEATS 30c
11:30
to
ItOO 1:00
to
2:00
AFTER 2:00: 15c-30e-406
y
X
.1
hi
•* ''U
,
Saturday, Apzil 29, 1939
THE FUBDUE
EXPONENT
Tennis Squad Wins; Boilermaker Nine Tied 6-6
Net Squad Overwhelms Iowa; Six Matches To One Iowa City, Iowa, April 28—(By Telegram to the Purdue Exponent)—^Boilermaker tennis hopes soared when the Riveter net team overwhelmed Iowa U. in their opening Big Ten matches, six matches to one. Four of the five singles matches were won, and both of the doubles teams emerged victorious.
QhoisJL By Bruce Witwer
Hebbeler and Blitz won their singles matches from Wollenweber and Fouchek of Iowa in straight sets, while Fuente and Alexander were being forced to three sets before they set back their opponents. Mann was the only Boilermaker member to suffer defeat. In losing, however, he forced Kulp of Iowa to three sets by winning the first one 1-6, before bowing in the last two 6-1 and 6-2. Both of the doubles teams were forced to three sets. Alexander and Mann paired together to defeat Sandler and Douthett of Iowa 1-6, 8-6, and 6-2. Blitz and Hebbeler had to fight an uphill battle to win over Carle and Hatch by th escores of 6-2, 6-7, and 8-6. Today Coach LaBree’s charges travel to Evanston where they will
meet Northwestern’s netmen. The Purple of Northwestern will furnish much tougher opposition than was offered by Iowa, and should the Boilermakers return victorious in both matches, they will rank high in the Big Ten standings. Intramural Schedule TENNIS TodayDoubles—1:15 p. m. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma or Phi Pi Phi. „ tt Theta Xi or Pi Kappa Phi vs. D. U. or Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta or Kappa Delta Rho. Beta Theta Pi or Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Mu or Phi Kappa. Singles—2:00 p. m. Alpha Kappa Lambda or Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta or A.T.O. ^ ^ Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon or Sigma Pi. „ , Sigma Nu or Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho or Tau Epsilon Phi.
PICTURE FRAMING Ready-Made Frames of all Kinds
Hineas
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
By Robert J. Deckard (Pinch hitting for Bruce Witwer) —fc— Talent galore was evident in the Boilermaker-Western Illinois Teachers’ six to six stalemate yesterday when^ host of Boilermaker potentialities popped out of Coach Dutch Fehring’s bag of tricks . . . Eye-pleaser number one was Bud Fisher, promising sophomore backstop, who displayed a “wing” comparable to big league stuff ... Not until the eighth frame did the lad have a chance to come through . . . rifling the sphere down to Hearne at second to catch Lambert by three feet, who was trying to make a steal from first. —fc— Number two was Joe Doan, senior pitcher and son of “Pop” Doan, the erstwhile athletic ticket manager at this institution . . . the lad had a ball so slow the batters could count the stitches on it as it came floating in toward them.
Relay Bulletin Des Moines, la. — (Special) — Steve Gutting and Forest Weber both qualified for the finals in the Drake Relays. Gutting won his heat in the high hurdles With a time of 14.8 seconds, five-tenths of a second short of the meet record of Fred Wolcott of Rice, whom Gutting will be running against today. Jake Weber qualified for the shot put finals today with a distance of 46 feet and 7 inches. His distance was third in this event, and he should secure some points for the Boilermakers in the final standings. Riveter Linksmen Meet Wolverines Having overwhelmed Indiana’s linksmen in their first Big Ten tilt, Purdue’s golf squad meets Michigan today at Ann Arbor in their second match of the season. Despite the strong opposition the Wolverines are expected to give to the Riveters the Boilermakers are entering the match as favorites on the basis of their Indiana victory. Coach Allspaw, in a previous statement, has commented that “David looks a couple of strokes better than last year” and Captain David has borne out his coach’s prophecy in the Indiana match.
Game Halted By Darkness As Riveters Tie In Ninth Highlighted by a parade of Boilermaker pitchers to the mound, a homer by Felix Mackiewicz in the first inning, and a barrage of wild pitches. Western Illinois Teachers’ encounter with the Riveters yesterday was turned into a 6-6 tie when the Boilermakers came from behind to score in the ninth. Four Riveter pitchers trekked to
The Union-
is just a cottage on the hill for 6700 Purdue students. Use the Union daily— you can always feel at home. Get into the swing of things and visit the Union regularly. JhsL fiWviuSL ^YnmufdaL lAniotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
n
m*4
nothing a ohafige of shoe@ lo' add new color* new interest* and new Me' to your summar apparel - Step out in Freeman Brown*and-Whitea* and you step up to the top of th© fashion chart,
A* B* C» Shoe Co*
406 Main Street
the mound in an effort to check Illinois singles, the best thing the visitors had to offer during the entire game, which was called off by Umpire Fred Willis because of-darkness at the end of the ninth. ] The Boilermakers got the jump on the opposition with a pair of runs in the first frame when Bud Stamm singled and Mackiewicz teed off on a long homer, which rolled almost to the Fieldhouse wall in centerfield for a round trip ticket. Illinois Scores Twice Western Illinois retaliated in the fourth when J. Willard singled and went to second on Lambert’s sacrifice bunt. Stewart slammed out a single to ^nd Willard scampering across the plate for Illinois’ first run. Western Illinois scored their second tally of the inning when Stewart crossed the plate. J. Willard started a second rally in the sixth frame by walking and was again sacrificed to second by Lambert. Stewart singled for his third consecutive time and Lester walked, filling the bases. Thompson’s wild throw to Heame on Fulks’ roller allowed Lester and Stewart to score. Thompson grounded out to Hearne to end the inning. Illinois Leads 5-2 Stamm singl6d after Dickinson was out on a bunt in the last half of the sixth, moved to the keystone bag on Fulks’ error of Mackiewicz’s fly as Yeager walked. Thompson’s single to deep left scored Stamm and Mackiewicz. A walk, single, and then two walks accounted for Western Illinois’ lone run in the final marker to boost the score to 6-5 in favor of the visitors. Hearne doubled to deep left on the second pitch, reached third on Stamm’s roller to Stewart, and scored on Thompson’s passed ball in the ninth to tie up the ball game. Wargo started the game for the Riveters, Doan came in the sixth and was relieved by Danowski, who in turn was replaced by Emmert. Thompson went all the way for the Illinois squad, who will play the Boilermakers a secopd game today at 2 o’clock.
BASEBALL STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
W
L
Pet.
Cincinnati ..
-r 5
2
.714
Chicago
. .. . 5
3
.625
Boston . ..
.... 5
3
.625
St. Louis .
4
3
.571
Philadelphia
4
3
.671
New York
.. 3
4
.429
Brooklyn
2
4
.333
Pittsburgh ...
1
7
.125
—^Yesterday’s Results—
Cincinnati,
7; Chicago,
6.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W
L „
Pet.
New York ....
5
1
.833
St. Loms
4
3 >
.671
Detroit
5
4
.666
Chicago ..
4
4
.600
Boston . . ..
. 3
3
,500
Washington .
3
4
.429
Cleveland
3
5
.375
Philadelphia
2
5
.286
—Yesterday’s Results— St. Louis, 9; Cleveland, 8.
PURDUE AB R H Heame, 2b 5 0 1 Dickinson, cf 5 0 1 Stamm, If 5 2 2 Mackiewicz, 3b 5 3 2 Yeager, rf 2 0 1 Kurtz 1 0 0 Smithson, lb 3 1 0 Lyboult 1 0 ‘ 0 Thompson, ss 3 0 1 Fisher, c 4 0 1 Wargo, p 2 0 0 Doan, p 0 0 0 Dean 1 0 0 Danowski, p _...0 0 0 Emmert, p 0 0 0 Totals 37 6 9 WEST. ILL. AB R H G. Willard, ss 5 0 1 J. WiUard, 2b 3 2 1 Lambert, 3b 1 0 0 Stewart, lb 3 2 3 Kraushaar, cf 4 0 1 Lester, If 3 1 0 Fulks, rf 4 0 1 Lockhart 1 0 0 Svob, c 3 0 0 Thompson, p 3 1 0 Totals 30 6 7
the nm
;OWER9 SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONI 2T77
Classified Ads
msCELLAITBOUS
TTPEWRITEBS. aU makes, standard and portable, sold, pnvehased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff. 60S Main street.
E. ROVER—CONTRACTOR for carpenter, cement and brick work. Excavatinsr. Phone 4787.
GLASS—^Por autos, desks, dressers, furniture. Mirrors. Wauthi§r’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Rimless grlasses in black case. Reward. Call 8407. J. E. StalL
#3 I3^mmL OdA,
THE FOBDUE EXPONENT
Entire A.
Saturday, April 29, 1939
t
if
Cattle Feeders Will Hear Rusk This Afternoon Prof. H. P. Rusk, head of the University of Illinois animal husbandry department, will be the principal speaker at the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feedel's’ Association, which will be held here today. Questions of the hour with regard to rations for roughing cattle through the winter will be the main subject of the session, one which should attract a large number'of farmers. According to Prof. Frank King, head of the Purdue animal husbandi’y department, the Purdue cattle feeding experiments during the last wdnter were based on seven pens of 15 calves each, all of which were various grades of “westerns.” When the feeding tests were started in December, the calves averaged in weight approximately 400 pounds. Indiana lamb feeders will find the spring meeting of interest inasmuch as a report will be made on the value of cutting hays of various varieties, based on tests made during the past winter with eight lots of 25 western lambs each. Apparently it is thought the presence of silage in the rations affects the comparative value of the rations’ protein. The cattle feeding report of this year’s tests will show the value of soybean oil, meal as compared to cotton seed meal both with and without silage. The report will also cover the feasibility of grinding ear corn as compared to the feeding of shelled corn.
Personnel Notes
Company: Valvoline Oil Co., Cincinnati, 0. Correspondent: G. P. Dali. Employing: ME and ChE’s for a course of training preparatory to sales work. Complete explanation of system, salaries, etc., in ME and ChE main offices. P. J. Just, of the Real Silk Hosiery Mills, is interested in contacting undergraduates interested in sales work this summer. Both men and women living in or near one of the following Indiana cities: Indianapolis, Tipton, Frankfort, Lafayette, Kokomo, Logansport, Anderson, Elwood, Shelbyville, should write to Just at the Real Silk Hosiery Mills, Indianapolis, at once. This company sells a complete line of socks, haberdashery, hosiery, and lingerie. Salesmen receive a minimum commission of 15 per cent of sale price plus bonuses. Company: Illinois Central System, Chicago, 111. Correspondent: C. C. Cameron, vice president. Interested in: Science seniors for enlployment in the traffic department to sell the services of the railroad. Those interested sign up in Dean Enders’ office. M. F. Vaughn, Personnel Director of International Milling Co., Minneapolis, Minn., may employ a few science graduates interested in business administration. These men will start as traffic clei’ks in midwestern plants of his company. All those interested in being recommended to Vaughn sign up in Dean Enders’ office. Trane Company, LaCrosse, Wis., is now recruiting for its six months’ training course for heating and ventilating engineers. Those engineers interested in this industry should read the-bulletins in the main offices of the engineering schools and sign up if desiring to apply for this training.
H. E. Geiger...
tomorrow
j
L^kur'ck
e6
METHODIST STUDENTS 8:00—C®-ed breakfast at Wesley Foundation Ho,use. Miss Yeasoon •.xojIBods ‘n8xo;a jo loqo 9:30—Men’s student class. Rev. McFadden speaking on “Faith.” 10:40—Seventieth Anniversary Service. W. Lafayette Methodist Church. 5:00—Leave for picnic supper at WAA cabin. Discussion on “Task of the Wesley Foundation.” ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB OF WEST SIDE BAPTIST CHURCH 9:30—Class. Discussion of recent Exponent questionnaii’e. Leader of discussion will be Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. 10:35-j—Sermon by pastor. Subject: “Why I Am a Baptist.” Two baptismal services. 5:30—Social hour. Lunch at 6:00. 6:30—Discussion hour. Speaker, Rev. J. A. Lord, former World War chaplain. Subject, “With the Book and the Boys in the Trenches.” PRESBYTERIAN AND CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS Morning program at Centi’al Presbyterian Church 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. 9:30—Dr. A. A. Smith of Depart-
Co-eds Will Take Orders For Mothers' Day Corsages Actives and pledges of Alpha Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshmen women, are taking orders for corsages for Mother’s Day in order to raise money for the organization. Joyce Burnham, president of the honorary, has asked the cooperation of all students who wish to send corsages for Mother’s Day. Orders will be taken and delivery will be handled. Those who wish to make orders may contact Miss Burnham, phone 2631, or Joan Le Boexif, phone 4051. ment of Sociology will give talk on “Science and the Good Life.” 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Choir music directed by A. P. Stewart. Evening program at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz Street. 5:30—Worship service led by R. P. Carter. 6:00—^Supper. 6:45—Student Forum. LAFAYETTE BIBLE CHURCH 308 1-2 State St., West Lafayette. Over Southworth’s Store. 9:30—Sunday school. Bible class, expositions on the epistle to the Romans. 10:30—Morning service. Subject, “The Origin of Life.” 6:30—Young People’s Meeting. 7:30—Egangelistic service. Subject “The Greatest Mystery in the Bible?”
32 Teams Survive Bridge Elimination Forty-six teams of four each competed in the second qualifying round of the Capipus Bridge Tourney hold Wednesday evening in the Union Ballroom. Out of these the following 32 qualified to play in the semi-finals in the ballroom Thursday, May 4, at 7 p. m.: Kappa Alpha Theta, The Ducers (Kappa Kappa Gamma), Kappas, Beta Sigma Psi, Phi Gamma Delta No. 2. Phi Kappa No. 2, The Four Aces, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Chocolate Shop Four, Local No.. 101, Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Upsilon No. 1, Delta Upsilon No. 3, Black Buzzards, Theta Xi No. 1, Phi Kappa Delta No. 1, Sigma Phi Epsilon No. 1, Kappa Alpha Theta No. 2, Cary Club Aces, Sigma Nu No. 1,’ Tau Epsilon, Phi (B), Phi Kappa No. 1, Alpha Chi, Black Aces, Tau Epsilon Phi (A), Cary Club Varsity, Pour Deuces, Phi Delts, Rickey Tickies, Four Voids, Beta Theta Pi, and the Purdue Novices. At the present time the three coed teams. Kappa Alpha Theta, The Ducers, and the Kappas are well out in front. Top teams in their sections Wednesday night were Kappa Alpha Theta, Four Aces, Black Aces, and the Rickey Tickies. Tournament director Julius L. Born, in commenting on the tourney stated, “This is one of the finest bridge tournaments I have ever conducted.
. . . who graduated from Albion College in ’36, and received his master’s degree from Purdue in ’37, formerly an assistant in Educational Reference and a graduate student in psychology here, has accepted a position as instructor of psychology and sociology at Albion College, Mich., for 1939-40.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
HURRY TO SEARS FOR THE LATEST IN LAWN AND GARDEN SUPPLIES
"4-STAR" GARDEN HOSE $j.95 25ft.
• America’s greatest hose “buy” . . . that’s why it’s a Pour-Star Value! Guaranteed 4 years! Built to stand over 12 times average city water pressure. Made like an auto tire —with 3 tough plies . . . thick, seamless inner tube of tough rubber . . . heavy nonkink reinforcement of husky, tightly-braided cotton cord . . . and sturdy corrugated outer cover of ribbed green rubber. All three layers vulcanized under terrific pressure into one inseparable, flexible, non-kink unit, %- inch X 50 ft. Forged brass couplings—gold color lacquered—included at the low FourStar price! •ys-inch X 25 ft. $1.95
fOM PANION
"4-STAR"
COMPANION LAWN MOWER
14-in. Cut
$g.25 A $9.95
Value
• No finer mower in America at the price . . . that’s why it’s a Four-Star Value! . . . extra strong. New steel in blades and bed knife will hold 4ts edge three times as long as usual! New closed type wheels. New ex-tra-large, semi-pneumatic tires. New dustproof oilers for all reel bearings. Five selfsharpening blades, held by 4 rigid brackets. Improved raised-lip bed knife maintains perfect alignment. Oversize precision-type ball bearings. Big 10-inch wheels. All gears accurately machined.
BAMBOO RAKE
GRASS SEED
GARDEN TOOLS
• This fine quality rake won’t injure your lawn because it’s fine bamboo. 33 teeth are securely bound and fastened to 4 ft. bamboo handle. Exceptionally fine value!
9gc 5 lb. Bag
• Quick growing. Germinates in 5 to 7 days. Clean, high-grade seed. Contains no timothy. In 1-lb. carton; or 3 and 5 lb. bags.
HOSE PARTS
Tubular Mender
... 5c
Clincher Mender 19c
Hose Clamp
Hose Washers, pkg. 12 . 5c
Clincher Coupling .
apiece • Heavy gauge steel, green enameled. green and securely fastened into metal socket. Remember ... You Can Buy Anything Totaling $10 or More on Sears’ Easy Payments.
Sprinklers for Lawn or Garden • For the lawn or garden.
Spike Sprinkler
Fair Type Revolving
10c 23c 23c
SEARS, ROEBUCKANDCO.
THIRD AND SOUTH STS.
DIAL 4039
Notices
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, May 2, at 7:80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
English I, Spelling Class and Ex^i A spelling class will meet Monday through Friday, May 1-6, at 6 o’clock, in room 101, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. First semester ptudents, with C’b for spelling. Whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room.211, Uni-, versity Hall, on Monday afternobn. May 8, at 6 o’clock. _WYKOFP.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday, May 1, at 7:15 p. m. in PIA office in UnXon. —HINSHAW.
Kappa Beta: Important meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Monday, -REES.
Scrivener Subscribers: Following subscribers get their current copies at the office any afternoon before May 5: Buck, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong, Schafer, Gerstuhg. —PAARLBERG.
WAA Baseball: Tuesday, May 2, at 4 p. m.: Alpha Xi vs. Wards 1 and 3; Pi Phi vs. Residence Hall. COOK
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending April 16 may be,obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. (6-1) —HOLLENSBE.
Freshmen Engineers: All divisions of GE 2 meet at 8 a. m. Saturday, April 29, in Fowler Hall. Attendance will be cheeky by seating lists. If you do not already know your seat number, check with the list in Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Alpha Lambda Delta: See notice on bulletin board in WSGA office or in Miss Coolidge’s office. (6-2) —LE BOEUF.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Tuesday, May 2, in the Union ballroom at 7 p. m. Attendance compulsory. —ZIMMER.
Fraternity Presidents: Regular meeting of fraternity presidents will be held Wednesday, May 3, at 7:16 p. m. in the Union. Both incoming and outgoing officers must be present. Full attendance is necessary. —DEAN.
Best Soldier Contestants: Be sure to have your uniforms back from the cleaners for the Best Soldier Contest, 1 p. m., Saturday, April 29. —DOAN.
Glee Club: Report to Fowler Hall Sunday,. Apiil 30, at 2:45 p. m. in business suits. —FORCESTER.
Scabbard and Blade: All members report to help at Best S6ldier Contest Saturday, April 29, at 1 p. m. —ZIMMER.
YWCA Officers: Installation of officers postponed until Tuesday, May 2. —KLINE.
Glee Club: Orders and money for keys must be in music office by 12 o’clock today, April 29. —WORCESTER.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party Saturday, April 29. Meet at the Christian Church at 9 p. m. All members please attend. —MANGUS.
Debris Sophomores: Important meeting for all sophomore workers on the editorial, business, and photography staff, Monday, May 1, at 4 p. m. in the Debris office. —WINTER.
Activities Bureau Sophomore and Photographers: Keys can be obtained at the office every day at 4 p. m. until Saturday, April 29. -JACOBSON.
WSGA Board: Junior executive board members please be in women’s lounge in the Union at 6 :46 Tuesday, May 2, to usher for marital lecture. -SEXTON.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Election of officers will take place at this time. —BROWN.
Guard Your Personal Appearance a?
CROWN LAUNDRY West Side Office—Top of the Hill
Scriveners: Last guest meeting Sunday, April 30, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members please come. Manuscripts accepted. —JUSTIN.
ASME: Indianapolis motor speedway qualification pit passes will not be issued until the 2nd or 3rd week in May. Watch for an announcement at that time. (6-2) —ERR.
t
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lefeyctte Phone 4965
• Locksmith
• Florists
KEYS AND LOCKS » Kay* for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night lateho* artd imkNo^ Auto key* a specialty. Blcyclee, ec'essorle* and repelling. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Fhene 2121
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
( '
T /
‘1 I