hH’^ 1'ii, ‘ ’*",■''' '' I ,’ f''^'Ww"'‘^' - 'li'~< ’’■'' *’'•' '‘ 'f ■'"'s -•■''' ^ "■/’“' V /'' f, ' ”’ ' > 4’ / - * ’ \ ^ 1 ' ' _,,, " '‘ t■' ‘‘ '^v^f^ , «, ,iw . . '■.I.-'," ^ % rj
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiatia: Partly cloudy and warmer today; rain turning to snow tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
SATORDAY ^ December 10, 1908^ LafotFelte, Indkiiici VoL 50 No. 79
Beauties Vie For Debris Honors In Union Tonight Tonight at 7 o’clock in the Union Ballroom, instead of 8 o’clock as previously reported, 70 of Purdue’s most promising beauties will line up for the foui* beauty spots in the 1939 Debris. Co-starring with the girls. Bud Bryant and his orchestra will supply the musical background. Russ Mock, pianist, and Ruth Swith, accordionist, will also appear on the pro-
gram. '
'Venus of Song' Say, Some Staff! Snow Statue Shows Smooth Symmetry
Paul Cooper will act as master-of-ceremonies. He will announce the girls as they appear, and take charge of the,variety hour. Walk Stressed Yesterday afternoon Mr. W. J. Henderson, former professional model of Maurice Freed, New York, instructed the girls in the proper way to walk. “Walking is the most important part of the show, it will either make or break the girl,” said Mrs. Henderson to the girls. At 2 o’clock this afternoon Mrs. Henderson will watch the girls, who want to come, practice their walking again. Girls who want to appear in the final show at 8 o’clock must appear at the rehearsal at 2:46 this afternoon according to boss Dick McNeil. The judges of the contest will be Miss Eleanor Nangle, editor of the “Through the Looking Glass” section of the Chicago Tribune; Elmer Taflinger, prominent Indianapnolis (Continued on page 3) McCrady's Orchestra To Play For Caravan, Variety Hour Today Starting at 2:15 this afternoon, Harry McCrady and his orchestra will be featured on two WBAA programs. College Caravan from 2:16 to 2:45 and Campus Varieties from 3 to 4. Both programs will originate in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, and WBAA officials invite the public to attend. College Caravan will honor the University of Chicago with songs by Martha Lommel and the Collegians’ Chorus. The Chorus will sing Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta sorority songs. The program is in charge of Mary Alice Miller and Bill Adams. At 3 o’clock Campus Varieties will feature members of Playshop’s “Dracula” cast, McCrady’s orchestra, Martha Lommel, Pat Heine, Jim Hoffman, Russ Mock, Ed Scrapopolis, and a new blond singer just discovered. Program directors request anyone interested in taking part in future Campus Variety programs to call WBAA and leave their name, telephone number and what they are interested in doing. Harding Entertains EE Staff And Wives Prof. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering will entertain members of the engineering staff and their wives, at a social gathering to be held Tuesday evening, December 20. Dr. Harding will give an illustrated talk covering highlights of a three month tour of Europe which he and Mrs. Harding made last summer. The program will begin at 7:30 o’clock. Rabbi Simon To Speak Before Methodist Group Rabbi Meyer H. Simon in charge of religious work among Hebrew students, will speak to a student group at West Lafayette Methodist Church tomorrow evening at 6:30 o’clock. His talk will be on “What I think of Jesus,” and Rabbi Simon will also discuss the liberal Jewish viewpoint concerning Jesus. Donald Goings will be chairman of the service. The student choir, under the direction of Katherine Shearer, will sing special Christmas music.
Reporters Braves Dangers To Catch Dracula Backstage By The Bat With a white ambulance parked ominously before the main entrance, the curtain went up on the third performance of playshop’s current production, “Dracula,” last night in Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. Having seen the preview from the audience a week ago Wednesday, your wandering reporter sneaked back stage last night to see what made it tick. In the black-out before the first curtain the weird musical buildup seems even more eerie and the bong of the clock striking midnight, created with the Hammond electric organ, gave creepy feelings along the spine.
I
Dracula Goes Batty Bats and wolves are all very easily managed from behind scenes, but the masterpiece of trickery is the act of getting Dracula on and off stage without being seen. The Count manages this by the simple expedient of transforming himself into a bat, flying out the window, and changing back into human form for his immediate reappearance. Between acts everything moves swiftly and surely; stage hands change the set; prop and sound effects men gather their materials; and propipters and actors simply get out of the way. Budding backstage romances include Benny Burns and the white mouse, borrowed from the Biology department, and the madman and the maid. Finally, after discovering all the secrets and promising faithfully not to tell, your wandering reporter by avoiding wolves, enormous spiders and bats, and narrowly escaping Dracula himself, rereturned to tell you the whole truth. THERE ARE SUCH THINGS!
Jo Friend, “Vest-pocket Venus of Song,” who will sing with Bud Bryant’s orchestra at tonight’s mixer.
Mixer Bulletin Band Bud Bryant Place Union ballroom Time Tonight, 9 to 12 Price One Dollar
By Jack Frost Mighty chest! Mighty arms! The features of a Greek God!—on our campus? Yes! All of these becoming features serve to emphasize the manliness of the snow statue of “A Boilermaker” which originated last night just south of University Hall. William C. Fox, a freshman engineer from Indianapolis was the sculptor. While on the way to Playshop’s “Dracula,” Fox and two of his friends stopped in the middle of the expanse of snow to erect the magnificent construction. The statue rises from a blob of snow, follows through with a manly chest, and terminates in' a brainy caput. All in all it reaches a height of approximately four feet. Finishing touches were put on the project at 8:16 last night. This was not a WPA project.
Bowery Bums Jam Union For Brawl Political arguments, bars, kissing contests (candy), and wild-eyed forms of student entertainment jammed the Union last night as bearded Boilermakers desported themselves at the Sigma Delta Chi Bowery Ball, highlight of the current soci^ ' ■ season.
Senate Officials Explain / Vote Machine Procedure While political campaigning for coming Prom and G'iala Week elections continued unabated last night. Student Senate officials madfe announcements concerning Tuesday’s voting. Rules governing the use of voting A sample machine will be here Monday from noon until 6 p. m. to instruct voters. The machines are set for seven junior and six senior candidates and will automatically throw out any votes cast for more than the proper nufnber. Parties will be arranged together, making it a simple matter to vote a straight ticket. Concert Orchestra To Present Program Sunday Purdue Concert Orchestra, under the direction of Bob Phillips, will present a program tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the Union ballroom. The program will be varied to suit the students’ likes and to appeal to the faculty and townspeople. It will feature a triple tongueing trio and five marimbaphonists. Started on the campus two years ago, the Concert Orchestra has now grown to its present size of 60 pieces. Fifteen girls and 36 boys are included.
machines, which will be brought to the Union for elections, were released by Martin L. Estey, in charge of publicity for the Senate committee. He urged that students read them carefully in order to facilitate voting. Voting Rules 1. Pull the large lever at the top and center of the machine to the right, closing the booth. 2. Pull the large lever at the extreme left of the row Of names to the right, thus clearing the board for action. 3. Cancel names of the candidates for whom you do not wish to vote by pushing up the small lever above the individual name. 4. Finally push the .large lever at the top center to the left, recording the vote and opening the booth. Other Rules Other instructions regarding voting procedure are that passports will be necessary, no voting by proxy will be allowed, and no campaigning in the Union will be tolerated.
Howitzer Squad Under Unger Wins Annual Competition Howitzer squad competition was completed last night in the Armory with the squad under the command of W. E. Unger and R. H. Tumbell placing first and that of 0. Duckworth and J. D. Hoffman taking second honors. Of the 18 who originally wished to compete, only the first eight who signed up were allowed to compete because of the the lack of facilities for their training. Out of these eight the winners were chosen on a basis of “knowledge of characteristics of the 165 mm. howitzer, personal inspection, and service of the piece including actual gun drill wherein accuracy, time, discipline, and simulation of actual firing conditions were weighted. The competition has been under the direction of Major J. W. Faulconer with Capt. J. M. Whistler’s assistance and the judging committee was composed of Capts. Hayford, Porter, Beckley, Graves, and Larr. Each squad was composed of two juniors and eleven sophomores. The sophomores on the winning squad are: Vana, Staley, Mackenzie, Klinker, Searcy, Lantz, Vincent, Carmichael, Elldn, Adams, and Myers. Second place: Davis, Swaha, Montgomery, Knapp, Welch, Claussen, Wurtenberger, VanCamp, Reilly, and Spencer. Prof. F. L. Servlss... ... of the chemical and metallurgical engineering school was recently elected a member of the Mineral Industries Division executive committee in the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers.
There's No Use Turning The Page—We Tried It!
Just about everyone on the campus guessed the names of the quartet of girls who backed into the picture for yesterday’s installment of the Debris beauty guessing contest. Debris officials announced yesterday, however, that the lucky winner will have to come doseet to guessing all 10 co-eds. The state-
ment that separate prizes would be awarded each day was erroneous. Today snapshots of six more of the bashful cuties appear above. They have all consented to pose for full face portraits for Sunday’s paper, however, so pictorial answers will then be given. Cmitest Rules Rules of the contest as set up by
Debris are as follows: 1. Guess the names of the ten girls whose pictures appear in yesterday’s and today’s Ebc^nent. 2. Put your entries in the Debris “beauty box” at the Union west desk, _ ‘ 3. All entries must be in by ,3 o’dock this afternoon. 4. Have the girl at the d^k
Rouged wenches in short skirts danced with ugly bearded Bowery Boys, and the bustled feminine aristocraxqr galloped around the floor with their .tail-coated gentlemen friends. Prizes for bears in the various classifications and costumes went the following: Best All Round Beard—John Jay. Reddest—^Allan Shackleton. Curliest—Ed Little. Baby Face Complexion — Ralph Reiley. ' Best Bowery Costumes — Bob Cooley and Caroline Hedderich. Gordon Enders Will Tell Church Group Of Life In Far Easf Gordon B. Enders, lecturer, will give an informal talk tomorrow at Westminster House, following the group supper at 6 o’clock. The lecture wiU be open to all students. A charge of 10 cents, will be placed on the supper, although it will not be necessary for students desiring to hear the lecture to attend the supper. Well known as an author and a traveler, Enders’ knowledge concerning the far east and world affairs in general, make him capable of discussing these varied subjects with accurate first hand information. Childhood Abroad Some of the interesting incidents in Enders’ life are his residence in Tibet at an early age, attendance at a school in India, and service as an aviator in the World War. He later became a friend and adviser to the Grand Llama of Tibet, and was the first foreig^ner to hold a cabinet post and to be given a Tibetan title. Bruce Barton, Boake Carter, Lowell Thomas, and others have commended Enders as a satisfying talker over world-wide subjects for even the most discriminating audiences. Wi/f Discordant Cry Become A Tradition? “What do you think about rearranging the present chant *ooOOh...» into an eerie, discoirdant victory cry, and listing it among Purdue’s traditions?” rooter king Stubby Meier inquired of students yesterday. Spontaneous wailing may be started by the crowd he suggested, or then again cheer leaders may institute the cry. At any rate it should be pom^d out in a minor key, “Yells mentioning ye Alma Mater will be led so that “Pursue” is yelled alternately between the opposite sides of the floor. “Watch for the cheering staff’s snappy “Hello Monmouth.” With the cooperation of the Men's Glee Club, a unique throat opener has been developed,” said Meier.
Detour!
cord the time you submit your entry. 5. The decision of the judges will be final. 6. Sample Entry: The girl in the hoop dress with the stripes is Nancy Nice, Junior vice-executive^ Kappa Theta ChL Submitted! by Joe Doakes—10:37 p. nt.
Efforts to carry an Austin automobile through the east door of the Union were frustrated by Union Manager Vallely last night at the SDX dance. Energetic auto-movers had the car halfway through the door when the appearance of Val caused a reversal of direction. Wxe auto had been bodacious^ rmnoved from Grant street
<4]* f
^ I
I
£dijttfdetL
THE FUBDOE EXPONENT
J^tcduMA,
Saturday# December 10# 1938
Out-Of-State •.. . . . students who own automobiles will find that Indiana police this year are going to strictly enforce a license plate law which requires Indiana registration for all student cars. The law very clearly states that “a nonresident who has been duly licensed in his home state may operate a motor vehicle upon the highways of this state for a period of not more that sixty days in any one year.” Superintendent of State Police Don F. Stiver has written University authorities warning them that students will have to buy 1939 Indiana plates for their cars in accordance with the above regulation. Heretofore state police have neglected to enforce this law rigidly in the case of students, but their orders next year will be to arrest on sight. According to the letter of the law, students arriving in September would have to buy new plates in the middle of November, but police have agreed to allow out-of-state licenses until the first of the year. The University auto ruling will be changed to comply with this state law within the near future. It will then require that all students have both Indiana license plates and Indiana driver’s certificates. This year for the first time the University has set up a Traffic Safety Committee, composed of both students and faculty. The odd work of this committee will be to consider problems of both automobile and pedestrian traffic around Purdue’s campus and in the town of West Lafayette. Working strictly in an advisory capacity the committee will present its findings to the University faculty and to the West Lafayette city administration. Student auto and pedestrian traffic to and from classes constitutes the present main subjects for consideration.
tile Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the
regular academic year and weekly during the Summer
Delivered locally by carrier
Session
mail subscription $8.60.
for $8.00 per year.
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. - Associate Editors
.. SaUy McKee • Joy Johnsc
Joy Johnson,
Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
Editor-In-Chief. H. 1. Stanback Business Manager JR. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor.. D. A. Bailey Associate Eklitors ..G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. —M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonin! Circulation Manager - .W. F. Berg Sales Manager _..V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager —JBT. W, Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
Editor Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
REPRESSNTID FOR NATIONAl. ADVERTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ' BOSTON ' LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Willsey Saturday, December 10, 1938
^J^im and ^Jde
er
Bv Georgann Schilling
WLW To Broadcast Ag Alumni Program
“If eyes were made for seeing, then beauty is its own excuse for being” according to Emerson’s explanation on the reasons for the existence of beauty. Perhaps that can he one of the reasons offered for the Debris Beauty Contest tonight in the ballroom. This event offers a chance to see Purdue’s pulchritude on parade as well as listen in on a choice Union Variety Hour. Surely even the most demanding connoisseur of entertainment could not desire more amusement for one evening. Seven is the hour set for the program’s beginning, and the space is limited, so—, you know. —H-H— Fraternity radio dances are the popular favorite for tonight’s dancers. Pi Kappa Alpha, Tau Epsilon Phi, and Phi Sigma Kappa will dance at their chapter houses to the strains of yadio music. Cary Hall Annex is also giving an informal radio dance tonight, while the Pedalions hold their annual Christmas dance at the chapter house. —H-H— “Everybody’s doin’ it”—^we mean the horrid hiss and arm raising accompanying the Dracula attack. The sweet shop and grill is the scene of many such movements these past few nights when the play-goers drift in for a little relaxation after several hours of tense drama. Tonight is the closing performance; and if you haven’t viewed the production yet, you’re missing something, —H-H— Christmas is looming lusciously near, and the wheels of most study schedules are clogged about this time with thoughts of the gal or guy at home; what will I buy for so and so; and gee, imagine two weeks of vacation! Have you made any noble efforts at concentrating? We have attempted such action with furrowed brow and profound resolutions. Time slips by. Perhaps weird strains of B. Goodman and his boys are emitting from yon set of tubes. ’Tis time for all good jitterbugs to concentrate on public affairs of the hour. Why be class conscious anyhow ? ?. —H-H— Famous Last Thought: The man who said “Love makes the world go around, certainly never tried a Singapore Sling,
“Hoosier Agriculture Goes on the Air” will be the theme of the final broadcast of a series, sponsored by the Agricultural Alumni Association, which have been given over Indiana stations this week. This special program is to be broadcast over station WLW this morning between 7:30 and 8:15 from the Memorial Gymnasium, where a special wire has been installed for the broadcast. The aim of the program is to show the contributions of the Agricultural Experiment Station to national agriculture. The contributions shown will be along two main lines: the work done on hybrid seed corn and the improvement of the poultry rations. Dr. George Hofer, formerly of the experiment station, will speak on the principles of hybrid seed com, and C. W. Garrick, head of the poultry department, will discuss poultry rations. The program will feature music by Purdue’s “All-American Band” and the University Glee Club. Professor Frank Hockema, H. J. Reed, acting director of the experiment station, T. R. Johnston, head of the publicity staff, and Leroy Hoffman, president of the Agricultural Alumni Association, will be speakers on the program. George Bigger, farm program director for WLW, and John Merrifield, announcer for the program, arrive here today to handle final plans for the broadcast. Following the broadcast, an agricultural alumni breakfast will be held in the old chestnut room of the Union Building.
K. University of Minnesota survey indicates that college graduate may expect to be earning between $2,000 and $3,000 annually eight years after commencement.
collegiate
By Joy Johnson
Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute students recently cornered the faculty experts with a student-written teehnienl questions in n program of ^Information Please” variety.
They don’t have any fuss over electing Prom queens at Ohio State. The honor goes by tradition, to the date of the class or organization president, the popular fellows. —C— There are many kinds of manias but the worst we’ve heard of is the “queenmania” at Ohio University. Last year there were 27 reigning beauties in all. Interfratemity led the list with 11. They were afraid to hurt anyone’s feelings, the sissies. In 1936-37 there were only 13, for nine months of school; that makes an average of 1.44 queens a month.
ARC
— LAST DAY-
— with — Robert Paige Jacquelin Wells — and — BOB
A REPUBLIC RELEASE ’ Also —
BM4
What has happened to SAE DICK OBLINGBR and Alpha Chi JANE FLEIG? That used to be a thick combination. Could it be they never agreed on politics?
An old face appeared around here the other day. VI DAMMEYER came back to see the girls at 325 Waldron and, maybe, sdmeone else. She probably was interested in seeing where she would have been if she had stuck around.
This year only eight have been chosen so far, with a prospect of seven more. The most important one though is the “Queen of Queens” who reigns at the senior ball. The men don’t do so well. They can boast only of a pie-eating champion, the ugliest man, and the junior prom king. —C— Eddie Duchin and Joe College are getting on the nerves of the physical science professor at Temple. They persistently sign the roll and cause the instructors to waste a lot of time looking for their registration cards. When the prof requested these two fellows to stop roll signing or produce registration cards, Donald Duck and Joe Palooka made their appearance to keep up the good work. —C— At the Syracuse Daily Orange’s 36th birthday party, all the editors from 1904 on came back to put out an issue of the paper. They came from law offices, furniture businesses, pulpits, and a few from newspaper city rooms to get a big kick of deadlines, heads, copyreading and putting the paper to bed Some birthday party! —C— Eds and co-eds at Breen College have refused to go to class anymore—that is until the professors allow them to sit together. Segregation of boys and girls is one of those things that happened a long time ago. Nobody remembers why. But the students say that couples are able to work together and so they have formed a sit-down strike to try to abolish the tradition.
GERRY BURKE of the Oh So Peachy Girls is no fool. She dates engineers and takes them to the library to help her on her physics, while'BILL CHAPIN sits home and boils. (Secret—he’s a science student).
Notice to the co-eds: All the bearded eds hope you admired their achievements instead ofi gripping at the prickly sensation produced.
Every day at 11:00 a. m. Kappa Sig BOB SCHLENDORF and PAT POTTER can be seen talking things over in a little corner in the north end of the recitation building— what’s wrong, POTTER, can’t you find anyone else that will date you or has SLINKY really got something that no one else has discovered as yet. . .
JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS OPENS EIGHTH GRADE AND HIGH SCHOOL Sat., Dec. 10th, 7:00 P. M. DEPORTMENT AND BALLROOM DANCING PHONE 2150
ALiLEN’S 6th & Ferry
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
Also MICKEY MOUSE
-TODAY-
PINKY TOMLIN • 'i in “SWING IT PROFESSOR” Plus “FUGITiyiBS FOR 4 NIGHT” I I W
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liditir
PETER QUILL has learned of a choice bit of faculty intelligence for today. It seems that a group of professors were discussing the problem of left over mimeographed sheets, blank on one side. Professor A complained of never having a sheet of scratch paper blank on both sides because he felt it was his duty to use the' mimeographed sheets. Professor B (in a brainstorm) nobly suggested an NYA project for pasting two sheets together, printed side in. But Professor C (the wisest of the three) thought the printed sides ought to be out, explaining, “Then you can throw them away withput hurting your conscience.” Some bull session!
“I thought I lost a $20 bill, but Charlie tells me I spent it here last night—Boy! was I relieved!”
8:30 p. m 8:45 p. m. 9:00 p. m, 9:00 p. m.
of Fun with Frank Hodek’s orchestra, WMAQ. -Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN.
-Luck Strike Hit Parade, WBBM.
12:00 noon-
12 :00 noon12 :00 noon12 :30 p. m.12:46 p. m.-
1:00 p. m.-
1:00 p. m.2:00 p. m.-
2:16 p. m.3:00 p. m.3:30 p. m.4:00 p. m.-
4:00 p. m.4 :00 p. M.-
4:00 p. m.4:30 p. m.4:30 p. m.6:00 p. m.-
6:45 p. m.6:00 p. m.-
6:30 p. m.6:30 p. m.6:46 p. m.7 :00 p. m.-
7:00 p. m.7 :00 p. m - 7:30 p. m.-
7 :30 p. m.8:00 p. m.8 :00 p. m.-
8:30 p. m.-
TODAY —America Presents with Dolan’s orchestra, WMAQ. -Lana’s orchestra, WGN. -Tune time, WBAA. —Luncheon dance time, WBAA. -Emery Deutach’s orchestra, WLW. -Metropolitan Opera Company (Wagner’s Siegfried), WLW, WMAQ. -Anthony Candelori’s orchestra, WGN. -Saturday sing song (Program from England), WGN. -College caravan, WBAA. -Campus varieties, WBAA. -Dancepators, WFBM, WBBM. -Cosmopolitan rhythsm, WMAQ, WIRE. -Library of Congress, WENR. —Football (UCLA vs. Oregon State), WGN. -Make Believe Danceland. WCFL. -Giay Gordon’s orchestraj’WLW, WENR. WIRE. -Swingology variety program, WMAQ. -El Chico, Spanish revue, WENR. -Les Brown’s orchestra, WLW. -Saturday night swing club, WBBM. -Joe E. Brown with Harry Sosnik’s orchestra, WBBM. -Adrian Rollini’s orchestra, WIRE. -Lives of great men (Desiderius Erasmas), WCFL. -Quaker Party with Tommy Riggs and Betty Lou and I,arry Clinton’s orchestra, WMAQ, WLW. -Johnny Presents with Russ Moigan’s orchestra, WBBM. -Heidelberg concert orchestra, WGN. -Fred Waring’s orchestra, WMAQ. -Jan Garber’s orchestra, WGN. -Hawaii calls, WGN. -Christy Walsh’s All American Football Team, WBBM. -Saturday night serenade with Gus Haepschen’s orchestra, WBBM.
9:30 p.m 10:00 p. m
■Symphony orchestra with Artur Rodzinski as guest conductor,
WMAQ.
9 :30 p. m.—Phil Spltalny’s orchestra,
WMAQ.
-Tiny Hill’s orchestra, WGN. •Glen Miller’s orchestra,
WBBM.
-Yar concert orchestra, WGN. -Little Jack Little’s orchestra,
WGN.
-Lou Breese’s orchestra, WLW, WMAQ. -Anson Weeks’ orchestra, WGN. ■Henri Gendron’s orchestra, WBBM.
10:00 p. m 10:16 p. m
10:30 p. m.-
10:30 p. m. 10:46 p. m.
11:00 p. m.—:
11:00 p. m.11:00 p. m.11:00 p. m.-
Benny Goodman’s orchestra,
WGN.
-Kay Kyser’s orchestra, WBBM. -Earl Hines’ orchestra, WMAQ.
-Moon River, WLW.
LU^
— SUN.-MON.—
-LAST DAYWILLIAM BOYD
PRIDE OF THE WEST -- and — BRIAN DONLEVY
SHARPSHOOTERS
STARTS TOMORROW
The untold drama of the heroic “Splinter Fleet”...and one of the grandest romances ever told!
A 20fh Century-Fox Picture will Richard Greene • Nancy Kelly • Preston Foster George Bancroft • Slim Summerville • John Carradine * Joan Valerie Henry Armetta • Warren Hymer • Douglas Fowley J. Farrell MacDonald Maxie Rosenbloom
LAST DAY-
DICK POWELL OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND "HARD TO Gjar’
imfusm
STARTING TOMORROW
ADOLPH ZUKOK pMWOU
Ronald Colman in FRANK LLOYD’S IPIWERE
KING"
mth Frtuiceg Dee • BasR Rathbone Ellen Drtw*(!.V. FOnwRniTWIIcaiM — LAST day-
mickey ROONEY LEWIS STONE ‘OUT WESt’^ WITH THE HARDYS”0 iSaturdcty* D^^dmber 10« 1936
Tte PUBDtffi
EXPONENT
• •
Annual Elimination Boxing Tourney Opens In Fieldhouse
200 Witness First Round Of Golden Gloves Bouts Five Purdue boxers advanced one step nearer to the final Golden Gloves eliminations last night, before approximately 200 enthusiastic fans fathered to witness the opening round in the annual elimniation tournament preceeding the selection of the Purdue Golden Gloves team by Coach “Punchy” Maxwell.
Three excellent exhibition bouts.
Fast Iowa Offense Raises Hopes Of Coach, Students
“Just fair, but likely to improve,” are the words of Iowa’s b^ketball coach, Bollie Williams, as to the position of Iowa in ttiQ coming conference race. With these words the Iowa hardwood director assures a dash of complications for the calculations of Big Ten experts who prognosticate the league’s out-
come. ■
The Hawks are_likely to have a fast club, but during modern stream- ^ lined basketball in an organization as tough as the Big Ten, a quintet must have a second group of cagers as capable of holding their own as ^ well as the varsity. In this respect Williams expects to outlast his rivals with four or five sophomores ^ who so far have shown no inferiority complex in the warm up games. Captain Stephens Leading the Iowa cagers will be Captain Bud Stephens, holder of Iowa’s all-time scoring record, who ^ has led his team in scoring during the last two seasons. The leader of the Hawkeye’s defense will be dependable Erwin Prasse, who covers offensive stars like a London fog. During the past seven years, Hawkeye basketball teams have ^ played before huge crowds drawing an average attendance of 6,333 fans to each home game. During that time the Iowa clqb has won 43 ball * games and lost 19. The largest crowd ever to pack the big Iowa fieldhouse was 13,200 who watched
the great 1934 Purdue team in action. During last season’s play in the conference, the Hawks broke ^ven, winning six and losing six games. However, the Iowa lads were not dismayed by the 50-50 record, as they set a new Iowa team scoring mark of 743 points for 21 contests.
Deadlines for entrants in the ping pong and shuffleboard tournaments have been extended until Wednesday, December 14, Dorothy Schilling, chairman of these sports, announced yesterday. Ping pong players will compete in a singles tournament, while the doubles teams will vie in the shuffleboard contest. New ping pong equipment is to be used. All co-eds are eligible for participation in the tournaments, and may sign up in the gym office.
As Varsity Engages Air Corps Officers Purdue fencers start their regular schedule today as the swordsmen travel to Rantoul, 111., to engage the Air Corps oificers squad stationed there. The meet will consist of matches in foils, epee, and sabres. Purdue Fencers Foils entrants against the Army Corps will include Carl Huffman, Alwin Maeirson and Lafayette Sink. Epee fencing representatives will be Art Levin and Bob Meier, Captain Myron Stepath and Louis Schmidt will compete in the sabre
division.
Only members of varsity squad are making the trip. Others out for the team are Pitcher, DeBroff, Fox, Whitsill, Tripplet, Smith, Mort Meier and Neptune,
Schedule
Remaining contests on the fencing schedule are: Dec. 17—Varsity vs. Alumni and coaching staff. Jan. 7—Notre Dame, here. Jan. 14— Northwestern, here. Feb. 4—Ohio State, there. Feb. 11—Illinois, there. Feb. 17—Wisconsin, at Chicago. Feb. 18—Chicago, there. Feb, 25—Notre Dame, there. Mar. 4—Conference Meet at Illinois. Inframural All-Sfar Touchball Squad Will Be Selected Friday With the recent playing of the touch football finals, ending the annual intramural touch football season, intramural recommendation sheets have been sent to the ward and fraternity athletic managers for their opinions as to whom should be given all-star recogni-
tion.
These recommendation sheets should be turned into the intramural office by Thursday evening, as the all-star board meeting will be Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the office of “Chief” Clevett. 15 Man Team The recommendation sheets from the team managers should mention two or three opponents who were outstanding during that manager’s competition period. A pool of the officials and the board’s observations will complete the information used in selection of the 15 man team, consisting of nine linemen and six backfield men.
f
ielder’s... 1.. choice
By Bruce Witwer
After Wednesday night’s encounter between the varsity and freshmen, the varsity has been laid wide open because many people thought they made a pretty bad showing . . . even going so far as to call down the wrath on the heads of the belated cagers for their “high school” playing ... we are inclined to disagree a bit on that score.
—^fc—
After all, with the season not started as yet, a smooth working, polished quintet would be a miracle but that is evidently what many of the fans expected to see . . . some persons may have vivid pictures in the backs of their minds retained from last year when the championship team put on some real shows ..
—^fc—
The only trouble is that usually only the best plays are retained in the memory and the poor showings are shoved back into the dim recesses of the mind to be forgotten ... we can remember several times last year when the great Purdue team looked like a bunch of school teachers on a night off but they still came through with the goods . . . last year’s game over at Ohio State was one of just that type mentioned.
—^fc—
All of which boils down to the fact that we think the varsity was a little ragged in spots, but that was to be expected, and should not have been looked upon as a surprise ... it must be admitted that they did display some flashy passwork and precision at times.
—^fc—
We hope that Wednesday night was just one of those nights as far as sinking shots is concerned, because entirely too many rolled off the hoop instead of through it to allow one rest in comfort . .. this next week and a half should provide some real material to work with in regards to the team power and form .. . after that, there will be some concrete statistics to base opinions on . . . more stable than a ’ freshman-varsity game.
WBAA
TODAY 11 ‘00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood—soprano 11 ‘30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time—Charles Powell. 12:15^The Woman Shoppei. 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time 12 46—Market Reports. 1.00—^Radio Stage 1:30—College Caravan 2:00—Paul Funk—pianist. 2.15—Saturday Musical Review. 2:46—Stamp Club of the Air. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
POPCORN for Parties Order it fresh when you want it. DAD’S PLACE — Where freshness is guaranteed
We are early in wishing Purdue Students a happy holiday season, but not too early to suggest a complete winter service job on your car. Wise motoring means happy times. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Sermce 525 Alabama
A/ier You We Come First Phone 4048
Varsity Squash Squad To Meet Dayton Club, Wright Air Corps Today At Dayton Coach Clevett and five members of the varsity squash squad will leave this morning for their Ohio invasion, which will see them in action against the Dayton Club of Dayton, 0., and the officers of the Wright Air Field. Both matches will be played Saturday at the Dayton YMCA gymnasium. Team Members The members of the team who are making the trip, named in their respective rank are: Captain Tony Sokolowski, Jackson, Eberhard, Juve, and Blitz. “The playing of this year’s team has not been as good as last year,” Clevett stated. Last year the Boilermaker squash squad defeated both the Daytan Club and the Wright Air Corps in single matches. The scores of these matches were identical, 4-1. In the all-time rivalry with the Dayton Club, the Riveters have been defeated once, while they gained decisions in four matches. They have never lost a match to the Wright Air Corps. Arrangements Made For Rifle Aspirants To Use Fieldhouse For Pradice With the increasing popularity of riflery, the intramural department has completed arrangements whereby everyone can enjoy this sport. Nimrods who wish to shoot should sign up at the intramural office in the Fieldhouse as soon as possible. Range Hours According to “Chief” Clevett, the rifle range will be open from 4 to 6 p. m. daily and from 7 to 9 p. m. on Monday and Wednesday evenings. No one will be allowed to shoot more than four periods a week and only 10 men will be in each hour. Because of the limited facilities only about 75 persons can be accommodated. The Rifle Club is an organization to which all sharpshooters may belong. Members act as range officers and they control all activity on the range. The club is planning several “mail order” matches to test the nimrods’ skill. In this type of competition opponents do not meet in actual combat, but scores are compared by mail. Eta Kappa Nu Attends Chicago Conference Twenty members of Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary, accompanied by Prof. C. W. Caldwell, left the University yesterday morning to spend the weekend in Chicago at the second annual employment conference, sponsored by the alumni chapter. Members of all Eta Kappa Nu chapters in this district as well as several of the national officers are at the conference. Prominent engineers of Chicago and vicinity are scheduled to speak on some of the unusual fields of employment for engineers and discuss the mechanics of job hunting with the delegates. J. A. Dienner, EE ’10, now a Chicago patent attorney, was initiated as an honorary member at the conference dinner meeting last night. Thursday night the local chapter initiated N. W. Aram, J. Bali, J. F. Clark, J. M. Crump, P. S. Dinius, J. R. Dorsey, G. S. Johnson, E. H. Lederer, R. L. Mansfield, C. E. Parker, C. A. Richards, J. W. Rieke, fl. B. Stone, J. H, VanHora, G. M. Adams, B. Brown, and R. N. Keen.
spaced between the elimination matches, provided an insight to the more experienced material around which this year’s Golden Gloves team will be built. Pyle and Threlfall Win Dave Mills and Johnny Pyle, fighting in the 135 pound class, provided plenty of excitement in the opening match with Pyle winning the final decision from the judges at the end of three rounds. Floyd Slate and John Threlfall, fast 118 pounders, fought one of the closest matches of the evening in the second bout. Thielfall carried the fight to his slightly smaller opponent from the start, but Slate exhibited an excellent defense and managed to keep out of the way of any hard punches. In the final round, Slate came back with a rush and kept Threlfall dancing around the ring, but he was unable to overcome the lead in points which Threlfall had amassed in the first two periods and lost the judges’ decision. Youkey Outpoints Schafer Youkey and Schafer, in the 147 pound class, battled through three fast and furious rounds with both boys throwing plenty of leather. In the final round Youkey landed a neaj; blow to Schafer’s head which drew blood, and continued with a fine offensive attack which won for him the decision of the judges. “Black” Diamond outpointed “Red” Dietz in the sole ight in the 175 pound class, after three rounds of fast boxing which had both boys well worn out by the time the final bell had sounded. Pence Wins Heavyweight In the last of the elimination bouts, Irel Pence won a close decision over Blaise Jackewicz in the heavyweight class. Shorter and stockier than his opponent. Pence appeared to be losing the fight until the final round, when he came back to win the judges’ decision.
BeautiesVie— (Continued fi’om page 1)
artist, who has been judge of several Debris beauty contests; and Jerry Carlon, of Dexhiemer-Carlon studios, Indianapolis, who will take the final beauty pictures. Entries The girls to appear in the contest tonight are: Mary Jane West, Caroline Shaw, Jane Caldwell, Marjorie Baumgart, Mary Schnaible, Rosemary Goodman, Betty 'Trexler, Virginia Beehler, Janet Avery, Gladys Cox, Evel3Tn Smith, Alice Martens, Mary Jane Smith, Bonnie Ketcham, Georgianna Baker. Winifred Gregory, Ellen Kepner, Virginia Hulse, Ruth Bennet, Margaret Stocker, Jeanne Burner, Georgialou Fleager, Marie Freeland, Bunny Evans, Nan Ward, Jean Jones, Betty Joe Sexton. Rufina Sexton, Jessie Graham, Pat Potter, Jane Haltom, Betty Hegele, Dorothy Andrew, Vivian Peterson, Muriel Smith, Helen Wilson, Maxine Chaille, Estelle Young, Carolyn Lemon, Josinah Allen, Mary Glenn Yeaper. Treva Beiry, Patty Roesch, Helen McQueen, Mary Petticrew, Dorothy Miller, Caroline Scott, Geogianne Schilling, Barbara Hyman, Ona Morrison, Val Armstrong, Meuttha Brown, Martha Wood, Mary Catherine Kern, Eleanor Kistler. Peg Little, Peggy Davis, Virginia Royce, Corrine Reifers, Betty Cambelt, Ruth BEyhBt, Helrni Dangei Barbara Roderi^h, Yvonne Priee| Jf>att Kalmond, 39,1m Ostranderi Marjorie Blocker, Brnrothy Bryans and Ihurathy Kalfir^f
• «
^^oaxL dtiUi,
THE PDBDtIE EXPONENT
Saturday^ December 10, 1038
tomorrow /^t in the / C^kui^cked
Julia Coburn Talks To Co-eds On Careers In Fashion; Stresses Business Angle
Wesley Foundation g;00 — Freshman commission breakfast. 9;30__Co-ed class, “Parable of the Leaven.” Men’s class, “Jesus: Authority on Personal Problems.” 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. Steele on “The Essence of Religion.” 5:00—Fellowship supper, Marjorie Hoover, chairman. 6:30—Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak on “What I Think of Jesus ”
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 — Sunday morning class taught by Dean Fisher. 10:35—Sunday morning worship. Sermon, “In a Thousand Tongues,” Rev. Joseph B. Gleason. Choir directed by Paul Worcester. 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour. Christmas carols. Lunch. 6:30—Helen Cox will read a Christmas story. 7:30—Christmas play, Dickens’ “Christmas Carol” by the Ladies Union. Twenty-six characters, directed by Miss Emma Cunningham and Mrs. Buit Prentice.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Dr. F. B. Knight, diiector of the division of education and applied psychology, will discuss “A Working Philosophy of Life.” 10:40 — Morning worship. The pastor, Di. Graham, will preach. 6:00—Mr. Gordon Endeis, traveller, lecturer, and author, will tell of his experiences in Tibet, at Westminstei House, 129 Sheetz street.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning piayer and sermon. 6:00—Young people’s fellowship supper. 7:00—Program.
By Fairie Totten “There’s a great advantage in being on the bottom rung of the ladder of success, because then there’s only one direction to go,” said Julia Coburn yesterday afternoon when she spoke to a large group of coeds in the faculty lounge^ of the Memorial Union. “There are two possible kinds of fashion careers,” she continued. “The avenues open are the creative end in the field of design, and the ’business angle. There are more possibilities for women in the latter field.” Field Over-Exploited Miss Coburn believes the whole field is over-exploited and publicized. She cites one reason for discouraging designers as the set-up of American fashion—that is, mass production of clothes. “Costume designing may be compared with other arts,” she said. “Few designers have a possibility of succeeding. However, if you feel
Tobe-Coburn School Offers Scholarships The Tobe-Coburn School for Fashion Careers, located in New York City is offering five scholarships to members of the nation’s graduating class of 1939. These scholarships pay the $700 tuition to the school. Only one girl from a college will be chosen following an examination in February. The contest was announced yesterday afternoon when Miss Julia Coburn spoke to the co-eds in the faculty lounge. Co-eds who are interested may register for the examination on blanks which are available in the Home Economics Building, in Dean Stratton’s office, and at Miss Houghton’s office in the Executive Building.
First Church of Christ Scientist 9:30—Sunday school. 11:00—Lesson, sermon. Wednesday evening testimonial meeting at 8 in reading room 66 and 67 Loan and Trust Building. All are welcome.
Purdue Christian Foundation with Lafayette Christian Church 9:30—Student class. Prof. Frank R. Hall will speak on “Religious Refugees.” 10:40—Morning woi’ship. Rev. Doyle Mullen, “The Need.”
that you really have ability in the creative end, don’t let anyone discourage you.” Possibilities In Business The business angle oifers more possibilities. Mentality and personality are necessary. The girl suited for the'business end is the bright, alert person who sees what is going on about her and tries to combine art with business. Miss Coburn especially stressed the selling angle as necessary experience for all types of jobs in the field of fashion. Other types of positions not in department stores but following department store experience, are stylists for manufacturers, free lance office writers, magazine writing, and advertising.
LOST AND FOUND
FINDEK please return log-log duplex slide rule bearing name Ira V. French. Call 31722
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EbershoR, 606 Main street.
HOPKINS MOTOR SERVICE—Storage and repairs; 24 hours service. We call for and deliver. 331 South St. Phone 8069. TUTORING in physics, mathematics, applied mechanics during the holidays, for Chicago residents. Mr Stevens, 112i8 S Church Phone Cedarcrest 6914.
REWARD—Lost yellow winger, led fuselage TYj foot wing span airplane. East of Purdue airport Dec 7 $1 00 rewaid Call Union or 6226. Jim Ashton
Connecticut College students have organized an eight-week series of daily chapels to stir religious interest among students.
Pleas Hull, official University of Georgia bell ringer, estimates he has rung the instrument 250,000 times in six years.
Student vespers and young people’s evening group will be in the form of an exchange meeting with the Christian Church group at DePauw University. Those who wish to go should be present at 2 p. m. at 117 Main street. West Lafayette. Transportation to Greencastle is 25c per person.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19 ’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Photography
• Locksmith
Make your Christmas Gifts personal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette, Ind.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Florists
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, nidnt latches and padlocks. Auto ke^ a specialty. Bicycles, acressories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DECKER’S
618-20 Main St. Phone 6477
Honorary Plans Party To Raise Scholarship Fund Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed scholastic honorary, will sponsor a benefit card party this afternoon in the Union faculty lounge at 2 o’clock. The party is planned to raise money for the sophomore scholarship fund, which the organization is sponsoring for the first time this year. Prizes will be awarded to the high scorer at each table and refreshments will be served. Tickets are on sale to co-eds and faculty members in all sorority houses and from Joyce Burnham or Johanne McLean. Pi Kappa Alpha... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Albert E. Hunt of South Bend, and Wayne W. Haase, of Martinsville.
strong, R. E. Bailey. R. A. Beck, M. Bell, D. F. Blankin, A. C, Bodeau, A. J. Bredewater, A. R. Bredewater, H. W, Bremer, M. S. Brinduse, J. L. Brock, R. O. Burke, R, W, Burrough, M. Byelene, P. J. Bykowski, E. D. Carr, J. D. Chapman, L. W. Combs, J. T. Conrad, E. C. Cook, K. B. Correll, G. 8, Craig, P. L. Danowski, B. H. Dean, L. R. DeWitte, L. J. Diehl, J. A. nuts, J. T. Doan. G. H. Doherty, W. J. Donnelly, E. A. Dose, E. R. Doty, B. L. Fisher, J. C. Forsythe, H. Prazee, G. N. Gale, J, E. Gavin. A. V. Gaulke, A, R. Gilpin, S. H. Gutting, G. W. Hearne, C. W. Hedges, H. W. Heinrichs, T. E. Hennis, J. W. Hillenbrand, P. E. Humphrey, A. S. Ippolito, J. H. Jacoby, R. W. Jarvis, L, A. Johnson, A. M. Juska, C. M. Kessler, A. P. Knapp, B. C. Korschot, J. P. Krause, J. M. Kurtz, A. J. Kurza, W. D. Lahey, R. Wj Lehr, P. C. Liebrecht, H. J. Ludos, J. C. Lyboult, W. B. McAdams, R. M. McGhee, E. M. Mcllwaine, F. J. Mackiewicz, J. R. Maloney, C. W. Mann, R. B. Marozik, A. Melahn. L. E T. Melton, J. Mihal, R. H. Miller, P. H. Montague, A. E. Momlngstar, E. P. Navta, J. R. Nesbitt, P. L. Oliphant, J. C. Oliver, P. J. Pauline, I. V. Pence, John Petty, R. H. Pirnat, C. A. Polk, R. C. Potter, D. W. Rankin, C. W. Raynor, C. H. Rechenback, J. R. Reed, A. N. Rossi, I. A. Rossi, J. G. Rush, A E. Santow, H. A. Schumaker, J. L. Simmons, F. A. Smithson, G. G. Spehn, F. H. Sprawl, M. L. Stamm, R. A. Stapleton, C. T. Swann, J. Lewis Thompson, S. J. Thursby, H. F. Timperman, G. Tredwell, I. J. Turon, T. A. Tykocki, D. D. Utter, W. L. Vergane, C. J. Verplank, R. J. Vyverberg, R. A. Wargo, H. E. Warner, W. J. Waterhouse, F. J. Winchell, J. H. Winchell. —SANDERS.
Agriculturist Staff: All sophomore and junior editorial workers report at the Agriculturist office for work afternoon and night of Sunday, December 11, , ' —KINiiSLEYi
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 18, in room C of the Union at 7:80 p. m. —MACK.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Satuiw day, December 16, at 2:15 p. m. In the tower room of the Union. —PHILLIPS. ^ Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Sunday, December 11, at 4:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. —AYASUN.
WSGA House Presidents^ Council: Meeting Tuesday, December 18, room B of the Union at 4 p. m. All members are reguested to be present. —JAKES.
Playshop Stage Crew: Come to Fowler Hall at 7 ;80 Saturday, December 10. —MILLER.
It
Riding Club: Supper ride Sunday, December 11, starting from the stables at 8:80* p. m. Those wishing to go call Summers 4944. —SUMMERS.
Chemistry 1 and 2 Students: Examinations for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, January 14, from 1 to 4 p m. Applications must be made before January 12, in room 103 of the Chemistry Laboratory Annex, Fees must he paid before examinations are taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Modem Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Mon- ^ day, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN.
“P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, December 18, at 7:80 p. m. at the D. U. house. —ANDERSON.
Basketball Ushers, Police: The following men are to report at the southeast entrance of the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. Monday, December 12: W. G. Abolt, D. C. Adams, L. E. Arm-
Purdue Engineer; All collection agents turn in money and receipts to the office by 5 p. m. Monday, December 12. —BEHRENDS.
Union Workers: Our committees please meet in the Union workshop at 1 p. m, Saturday, December 10. —COOPER, KANY.
ASME Members: Meeting in the tower room of the Union at 7:80 p. m. December 16. Dean Dukes will be the principal speaker. —CLUTTER. ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions wlU be held In room 801 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than DecemW 10. —BINDER.
Get the PLUS in Value in Crown
HAT CLEANING
50^
Hat Factory Methods as Used by Crown does a Job as only a Hatter can do*
SAVE on buying a car Will sell credit on any car at local auto dealers at appreciable discount Call 5672 after 6 p. m
b^waiKS?'
Suggestions for Father The Code of the West.. ..Zane Grey TheAmerioinGunMystery.E, Qwrcn Gamblin’ Man E. B. Mann -M* The Informer Liam 0‘Flaherty High Courage Jackson Gregory The Thin Man.... DasbiellHammett km Work of Art SmcUtr Lewss^g^ Case ofthe Howling Dog.. .Gardner SJJJL One More Spring... .RobertNathan Diamond River Man.R. CgmimgAum jW The Hash Knife Outfit. ..Zatte Grey 0. Srsf. W. Suggestions for Mother Ramona Helen Hunt Jackson ^ We Ride the Gale Emibe Lormg SSt Jalna.. Mazo de la Roche T&L yS True by the Sun Lida Larrimore Matched Pearls Grace L, Hill Love’s a Puzzle. Faith Baldwin jEB The Prison Wall EtbelM. Deling ijSJ And Now Good-Bye.. .James Hilton Two Black Shetp. Warwick Deeping sSl. Lovers Most Live Pauline Stiles The Greater Courage... .M. Pedler Always Tomorrow.. .Ruby M. Ayres ^ ^ 1 Suggestions for Sister Freckles Gene Stratton-Porter Wt l/jR Crimson Roses .Grace L, Hill Emmy Lou.. .George Madden Martin /iiR* is? The Enchanted Barn. L. Hill Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm Kate Douglas Wtggin Poor Little Rich Girl.. Eleanor Gates When Patty Went to College Vg Jean Webster Understood Betsy. .Dorothy Canfield Seventeen. Booth Tarkington Jewel Clara Louise Burnham fSil The Secret Garden...F.H. Burnett ja ^ Mary-Marie Eleanor H. Porter ^ Suggestions for Brother ^ is? The Call of the Wild. .Jack London fjOf Tatzan and the City of Gold E.R. Burroughs ^ vS! Penrod Booth Tarkington ^ ^ "'We" Charles A. LhtMergb In The Virginian Owen Wister ^ The Last Days of Pompeii . w Buhver-Lytton Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come John Fox, Jr. I The Covered Wagon.RmerJtwHoggfi The Three Musketeers... .A. Dumas The Hoosier Schoolmaster Edward Eggleston
FINE C L E A'N ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Perhaps.
It
you think it is a bit early to advertise Christmas .; presents. Mister Merchant. But, now is the time that students are doing most of their buying. Your ads in the EXPONENT ‘ will do your selling. THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038