V
rVJ, 'f
'N'^r;, jjji 1 ,j( jf,'■*'*'■> ;j?‘,> 'i'V'V*'”'.'i'l t j’i ' ^‘ I i ' ' i , J , * ' '; • ' ' ,''"lUM V* ir.; A ‘I,- , ^ 7“ >'-‘y - ‘ 1 'k'V'-; ‘ ,** > • ,, 1 ! I
HI T. r (<7 '/,v "
Published Daily by Studeuts of Putdue University.
VQLiJiyife XLVIH
LAFAYETTE; INDIANA, SATURDAY, APRIL 17,1937
NUBfBER ld4
Sockman To Speak At Last Sunday Convo
Appearing as the feature speaker in the last convocation for worship.
Dr. Ralph W. Sockma^ pastor of Christ Church in New York City, will speak on the subject “New Horizons” at Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock. For several years Dr. Sockman has used the radio from time to time, and last November he suc-
'' 2)/?. ':1^/,4ocKMfiN ceeded Dr. S. Parks Cadman on a regular Sunday morning program which is broadcast by more than 40 radio stations. Speaker’s Literary Work Among the books that the New York minister has written are; “Suburbs Of Christianity,” “Men Of Mysteries,” “Morals Of Tomorrow,” and a volume of sermons in the “Harpers Monthly Pulpit.” Special music will be sting by the University Religious Choir of more than 100 voices. Studepts will be admitted to Fowler Hall 10:30, townspeople after that time.
Griiiiiii-Ti*ees
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Grimm, Indianapolis, announced last iiight, the engagement of tiheir daughter Ruth, to Mr. Charles J. Trees. Miss Grimrij is a member of Chi Omega sorority while Mr. Trees is a member of Sigma Nu fi”atemity. i
700 Stockmen
Convene Here
More than 700 cattle and sheep feeders from Indiana and neighboring midwestern states attended the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association held at the University yesterday by th^ animal husbandry department, in charge of Prof. F. G. King. Results of feeding experiments were released at the meeting. Seventy head of cattle, to be marketed in a few weeks, were found to have done better on molasses when selffed than when hand-fed. Cane molasses was found to have about the same feeding value as corn. Feeding results on 250 head of sheep, to be marketed next week, were also discussed. Paul Gerlaugh, of the Ohio Agricultural Experiment Station, discussed feeds and F. M. Simpson of Chicago, director of agricultural research for Swift and Company, spoke on the cattle market. R. E. Findling, of Windfall, is president of the cattle feeders’ organization.
ASME Convention
Apfil 17, 1937 OH ME! Oh ipy! What a dance! What a party! What a head! What a Prom! What a—^wonder whq threw that stove at me ? I suppose I’ll live, but I’ll never be the same . . . that last sasparilla was too much for me . . . —30— SAY—I heard a good one last night. It ^eems that several men of different nationalities were required to write pn the eleiphaqi, Well, (so the story gopg) tho Frenchman visited the zoo aftd thep wrote: “L’Elefapt et Ses Amours.” The Gerpian went to the lihrayy, studied six years, and pro4uoe4 fou^ volumes entitled: “Introduction to a Monograph on the Elephant.” Then the .... —80— ENGLISHMAN went to Africa, organised a hunt, and submitted for pphlication: “Elephants I Have Shot.” The Russian grabbed a bottle of vodka (the only thing they were not drinking last night) and after a sui^ble interval, emerged with a sliin volunie: “The Elephani— Does It Exist?” The . . . —30— AMERICAN just started to write and his best seller rambled on through 1,654 pages about; “Bigger And Better Elephants.” The prize was finally awarded to a man who was not entered in the contest . . . that man .... —30— ALP Landon, who on November 4 last, picked up his pipe and banged out a treatise on “The Elephant Never Forgets,” or “That’s What You Think.” ' —30— WHICH, after looking it over, certainly proves that when bigger and better Proms are held ... Purdue will hold ’em .. .
Will Open Monday
Twelve members of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will leave here this week-end for Chicago where the Great Lakes division of the National society will hold a two-day convention, its chief pose being to exchange ideas among the numerous chapters throughout the country. Technical papers of 16 minutes length will be rep^ by many members and prizes awarded to those stn^nnts who present the most outstanding papers. Northwestern Uhiversity will be the host at this year’s convention and many of the lectures will be given on that school’s campus. Students who plan to make the trip and have nqt yet sii^ned up should eontaet R. K. Weldy, president of the local chapter.
University Plant Rust Studies Are Published
Dr. J. C. Arthur and Dr. George B. Cummins, of the botany department, have had two papers based on studies ms<ia of plant rusts on the Philippine Islands published in the Philippine Journals of Science. Observations for the reports were made in the Arthpr Herbarium of the Agrionltnral E^cperiment Station, and cover a total of 103 specimens of this type of fungus, the most extensive research ever made on this subject.
Home Ec Staff Members
Attend Kokomo Meeting
. Dean Mary Matthews and Several other members of the home economics faculty left yesterday afternoon for Kokomo to attend the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association. Accompanying Dean Matthews to this two-dpy program are Misses Gamble, Clark, Rloye, Schuck, Palmer, Uowe, and Jordan. Miss Ruth Anstin of the faculty will attend the meeting but will not leave until today.
Wesley Foundation To Elect ’37-’38 Officers
Wesley Fopndation will bays its annual election of officers at the regular activities next Eunday. The following candidates are up for election; president, Robert Henry and Don Hurd; for co-ed vice-presi-dent, Edna Faye Moore and Muriel Barnard; secretary, Mary Louise Hess and Ruth Reeder. Minor officers will also be elected at the same time.
Concert Choir
•^LBEIST *7? pSrJSW/=tiZT
Concert Choir
Sings Sunday In Music Room
Under the direction of A. P.. Stewart, the Concert Choir will present a program- tomorrow afternoon in the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock. An alto solo by Arsene Summers and a piano solo by Morey J. Doyle will be features of the program. The complete program follows: I. “A Spring Song,” Pinsuti. “A Bowl of Roses,” Clarke. “In The Gloaming,” Harrison. Sung
by Arsene Summers, alto soloist. “Morning,” Speaks. Sung by Choir. II. “Rigoletto Paraphrase” Verdi-Liszt Morey J. Doyle, pianist. III. “Adoramus Te,” Palestrina. “Cherubim Song” (No. 7), Bortaniansky. “Nunc Dimittis And Glory,” Tsches-nokoff-Cain. Sung by Choir. “Homing,” Del Riego. “I Won’t Kiss Katy,” Jugo-Slav Folk Song. Victor Herbert Medley: “Kiss Me Again” (Mile;Modiste); “Italian Street Sing*’ (Naughty Marietta). Sung by Charlotte Stewart, soprano soloist for the Choir.
30 Baptist Students Attend I. U. Conference
Approximately 30 Baptist students will journey to Bloomington today to attend the annual Indiana Purdue Student Conference. The first session of the yearly affair will get under way this afternoon at 3 o’clock.
There will be a banquet for all members of the conference at jthe Indiana Union Building this evening. Sunday will be spent in other conferences and the group from the University will return ip the evening. Roy Kelly has hqaded the registration committee here and has^ had Bill Bowman, Leroy Smith, Olive Schatzley, and Dean Wright to help him.
Tritons Will Elect New Officers Soon
Triton Club, women’s swimming organization, will hold elections for next year’s officers on Tuesday, April 20, at 5 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. The first project of the new officers will be the Swimming Carnival, which will be held in a few weeks as a party open to the public. Fancy dives, form swimming, and novel races are scheduled:
Emily Tubbs, who is in charge of W. A. A. swimming, urge^ any co-ed who can swim to pass the requirements for membership. She stated that Triton Club woqld have a wider range of activities next year, with a pool at its disposal at all times.
Cooperatives To Givo ‘The Answer’ Wed’sday
The I*urdue Cooperative Association, made up of five cooperative houses, will present “The Answer,” a drama in three acts in the Memorial Union ballroom on Wednesday evening, April 21. Admission will be free.
This play is being presented by the Student Cooperative Associa^ tion in order to inform the campus concerning the. cooperative movement. Guest tickets may be obtained from any of the members.
Alcohol, tobacco, tea, and coffee moderately used, do riot cause any disease of the heart or blood vessels says Harvard’s Dr. William H. Robey.
Lark-Horovitz Will
Lecture On Glass
Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, of the physics department, will give a nontechnical lecture on glass Monday night in the lecture room of the Physics Building at 7:30. The uses of glass for art and for practical purposes will be discyssed, and exhibits from Dr. Lark-Horo-vitz’ own collection will be on display. Sigma Pi Sigma, honorary physics society, is sponsoring the lecture, which is open to the public.
J. A* Diener Discusses Puteat Law With Seniors
J. A. Diener, EE ’10, at present a prominent patent lawyer in Chicago, spoke before a group of senior e|tgrineering students recently qn thv subject of patent law. His deflpition of a patent was most concise and unique; i. e. “A patent is ari idea documented in accordance with law to reduce that idea into a legally recognized form of property.” Diener pointed out the importance of an engineering education as a basis for patent law and presented' many valuable suggestions to students to enable them to proceed with and evaluate potential inventions.
Hold Last Rites
For Mrs. G. A. Young
Funerril services werp held yesterday for Mrs. G. Young, who died 'Wednesday morning. The funeral services were condycted by Reverend W. R. Graham of the Central Presbyterian Church Interment was in Grand View cemetery in West Lafayette. Classes in the school of mechanical engineering were dismissed In i;he afternoon in observance of the funeral.
Dr. Sears Speaks At €hi Epsilon Initiation
Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary, held its spring initiation banquet last night at 6 o’clock in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. L. M. Sears spoke on “Words Of Wisdom.” The following men were initiated into the fraternity; B. C. Thoma,, F. T, Sheets, D. H. MePadden, B, A. Royer, L. Rowan and L, A. Rieth,
Frivolity Reigns Over ’38 Junior Promenade As Don Bestor Presides
Soft Lights Play Over Dancers As They Swing “Beside A WaterfM.^^
By J. A. Chapin
With soft rippling light from the colorful waterfall in the middle of the decorations flickering over the 600 couples dancing to the rhythms of Don Bestor’s orchestra the 1938 Junior Promenade brought to a zenith the current social season last night with a six-hour period of gayiety opening at 10 p. m. and ending with Prom break-
fasts in the early morning. At the stroke of midnight Judy Jones, prom queen and Thomas W. Graham, Prom king, followed by the 1937 and 1938 Junior Prom committees and their partners, led the Grand March, traversing the dimly lighted length of the ballroom in fours from the orchestra stand to the hall entrance, where the Promenaders divided, flanking the floor, to return to the bandstand. There the March became a column of eights which melted into dancing couples again at the ballroom entrance. Frivolity reigned supreme in the Memorial Union Building, closed to all save Prom-goers. Laughing throngs coursed the halls between dances and the “Corner of the campus” was truly a gala rendezvous. During an early morning intermission, representatives of WBAA taking the air by special permission from Federal authorities, broadcast exclusive interview with Tom
Graham, Prom king, Judy Jones, Prom Queen, and the members of the committee who engineered the arrangements of the successful occasion.
Exhibit Shows Modern Poster Artists’ Style
Attractive commercial posters designed by some of the best commercial artists here and abroad, are now being displayed in rpom 202 of Building 2. These posters, that have been done in the decorative rather than the naturalistic style, present a colorful and striking appearance. They have been used by travel agencies and railroad companies in foreign countries as well as in America. This exhibit, which is sponsored by the department of applied design, will continue imtil the end of April.
Phi Kappas To Present Sunday Union Program
Phi Kappa fraternity will present a musical show in the Union cfifeteria tomorrow starting at 6 o’clock The main acts of the program include s selection of mount^ii\ sopgs by “Wild Bill” Tyrell, an pccordion arrangement by M. J. Doyle, and J. M. Suardi. Several other musicpl briefs will also be presented.
Television Article Featured In April Issue Of Engineer
The April issue of the Purdue Engineer has just been released and is now being distributed among subscribers. Professor Harding, head of the EE school, has written an article in this issue on the future of television entitled “Seeing Is Believing.” Other feature articles included are: “Germany Nationalizes Chemical Industry” by J. A. BurgessDye, Ch. E. ’37; “Lighting Highways With Sodium Luminiares” by J. P. Taylor, M. E. ’39; and “Engineers Achieve Lightning Control” by K. B. McEachron, EE ’37.
Chicago Dad^s Club To Meet April 22
Fathers of Purdue students living in Chicago and nearby cities will gather the evening of April 22 -at 6:30 at Henrici’s Restaurant in Chicago for the annual spring meeting of the Dad’s Club of Chioigo, it was annoimced yesterday by J. W* Favorite, LaGrange, 111., president of the club. Several speakers from the University will be on hand to discuss various phases of the University work. They will be Dr. E. C. Young, assistant dean of the graduate school; Ward Lambert, basketball coach; G. Stanley Mei^e, directer of the University Research Foundation; and T. R. Johnston, director of public relations.
June Lippert Aeeepts Job As Lighting Expert
June Lippert, senior home economics co-ed, has accepted a position wit^ the New York State Eleetrtc and Gas Corporation to be assumed after graduation in June. In her position as home-lighting expert, she will demonstrate and lecture to groups of men and. wenpen on proper and efficient home lighting, and will also advise purchasers. Miss Lippert will attend a threeday employees’ school at tHe Nela Park Institute, Cleveland, O., on April 19, 20, and 21.
Rank Signs First For Gala Week; Golden Origin Of Idea
By D. R. Vance Registration for Gala Week has already started. Although the eyent is two weeks away, Harry E.^ Bknk, of West Lafayette, who ^aduated in the class of 1884, h^s filed his registration in the glumni office. From 1926 until last year Rank was the first to indicate that he would take part in Gala Week activities, but last year the honor was denied him—an alumnus from Philadelphia came “back to old Purdue” and registered on the Wednesday proceeding the event. Rank registered the next day. This year he purchased the first ticket for the banquet from President Elliott. In 1904, University alumni began coming back at Commencement time. Michael Golden, then head of the practical mechanics department, suggested that the faculty take the alumni who had returned that year out to dinney. The class >of 1907 took the cue fi'Om the genial Irish-
man and planned an oia-.-^-.. gram for iho firal; Ifwl .i.— time until last year, Qal» has taken place in Jime just hafoie eommencement. .
Date Advanced
This year. Gala Week uriB he held while masses are stiU In progress so that a program can he presented by the students and so that the campus will hot seem so deserted. Since this is the thirtieth anniversary of the class of ’07, which started Gala Week, an effort will be made to especially honor graduates of that year. Letters that the alumni office has received show that this year, there will he graduatea here ftom all over the United States. Otoe alumni, from Arisoini|, ptens |o go to Los Angles and tahe a plane here to participate in the festivitles» and, when they are over, to take a plane back in oi*der that he may he hai?h, at work the next day.
-''-J
~‘h
" vCA
■r,‘ 'C
s' .
0' ' 7%'
s.i
'fiMPage Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ss^atsass^Besaassssasss^sss^^^^aBBa^sM '’
Wfn $nrtine exponent
Poanded In 188S
I
mc.r*ic9c.i<( gtotaocinted 6ottt0iate 9ns»
MMMSOH ' ■ —• VASCOMSM mPRSSBNTCO FOR NATIONAU ADVBBTIBINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc ColUtf PmbUskers Rtfresentativt 4SO Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • BAN FRANCISCO 1,4>S ANOELBS • PORTLAND • BEATTI-E
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
/^so^®^t..J:k.X Ba;iette.“,L'E:'BTOck; X"^ P. Hanlon, C. H Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. BaUey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark
..E. H. Morris
Bold and Black Editor..
"l," S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H, L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K, E. O’Neil J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager National Advertising Manager. Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager— Circulation Assistants
R. J. Hulse ..L. H, Brown
D. G. Miller
’."IW. J. Giiiiian, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves
J. P. Girard ........f!"C, Robbins, F. T. Swain
SPORTS STAFF
Editor Associate Editors....
.L, D. Wood
.’.'’.’.’.'.’.’.'."’.'..W. Hri^fieid, S.'H'Griff^^ F. Obenchain
Editor. Associate Editors Advertising Manager.
WOMEN’S STAFF
.Helen Creech
Jeanne iaiiousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—W. A. Kroeplin
A Clean Slate For years University students have been carrying-on periodic campaigns to get a mirror installed in the men’s lavatory in the Library. Periodically a mirror has been placed in the room by the custodian of the building, only to have irresponsible students carry it off. The campaign during the current school year has been unusually heated. Slogans, ditties, cartoons, and signed petitions, in fact almost all the propaganda accompanying a political election with the exception of stump speeches, have been brought into play. An observer could scarcely help wondering, however, whether the authors and artists were being prompted by righteous desires to defend student interests or whether they were: satisfying literary and artistic ambitions; succumbing to the caveman impulse to magnify one’s personality by carving or writing one’s name in conspicuous places; or just following the infantile instinct that causes persons with reformative tendencies to draw mustaches and spectacles on photographs. At any rate the defacing of the walls of the lavatory cast a more objectionable blot on the decorative aspects of the room than did the lack of a mirror. Perhaps it was the fact that the means resorted to in the campaign for a mirror were so offensive that brought about the recent installment of a looking glass. The new reflector has been imbedded into the wall so that any pilferer will have to apply a jimmy or a,hammer and chisel to pry it from its setting. The walls have undergone a thorough cleaning. We are starting again with a clean slate; let’s keep it clean.—^R. P. M.,
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The fUnldiir fellow ealla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occasions 26c per passenKcr any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Darner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at Tth Phtme 6050
Here is a Suggestion for a Dish That Will Please Everyone
SUNSHINE FARMS
Phone 5015
Scobe^s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Family SUNDAY—MONDAY
IMMORTAL FIGHTING MEN!
CODY AND CUSTER RIDING TO THE WARS AGAIN!
—LAST DAY— Bob Steele “The Trusted Outlaw” —and—’ Frankie Darro in “The Devil Diamond”
US TEETOTLERS have tippled for the last time? .... 'Tis a ton of thought well spent: Our best was none too good. AMEN. No hard feelin’s we hope . . . ■ » a , ;:&@?(|@&@ And How. With a head as big as one of STUCKEY’S bowling balls. Ladies and gentlemen. This .column is dedicated to none other than Our HARVEY CLINE. A man of his fortitude is to be honored. All the way to Chi to meet his Fair One. The Chi O’s really outdid the rest on corsages last night, especially DELAPLANE.,. Now the Prom is over?? GRAHAM and the rest will be speaking again. We hope. Those were cuSsed good fixin’s at the Prom. We know, we heard ’em cussed. P. P. S. There were 40 suckers last night who drug co-eds. About 100 co-eds played the sucker and bought some poor “Joe” tickets. Kampus Hiccups—“BUCK BENNY” BUSH rides again. NATE claims these yere new Dodges will only do 70. Anyway he was only doing 70 when the law nabbed him in Indianapolis Sunday night—(and that little man in the blue sit and the brass buttonsj still wants Theta Tau GOERS)—^we would like to know what the Kappas are going to do for a refrigerator next year if HEGELE doesn’t come back—'K Paid Exponent ad pays plenty, as GAMSO gets 19 calls for Jeff dates, three from Cary Hall boys. Mrs. GAMSO threatens authors’ well being, so we say please don’t call after 11 bells. — POME: ANY CORPS DAY— Boys in monkey suits march by. Battery colors taunt the sky, The air is rent asunder by The blaring of the brasses. Four thdusand feet keep perfect step, Two thousand boys damn the ‘hep’. Suits and boots are soaked with sweat— (I’m aching for those passes.) —D. B. Reamer Prexy BUXTON reforms —‘“NO drinking, No smoking, and no making Merry,” says he. Sucha liar ....
c#
fmesi
By OUVX SCHATZLBY
Christian Students—^Veme Freeman will conduct the student class at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Rev, Doyle Mullen will speak at the regular worship service. The social hour will be held at 6:30, supper at 6 o’clock, and the discussion group will meet at 6:30
Presbyterian Students—The morning service of worship will be held at 10:36. The pastor. Dr. W. R. Graham, will have for his theme “Calling Out The Reserves.” The choir, under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart, will sing. Dr. Graves will lead the discussion group at 9:30. Mary Cooley will have charge of the program of the Sunday Evening Club. The program immediately follows the 6 o’clock supper.
Baptist Students—There will be no church service in the morning. Sunday school will be held at 9:30. There will be no social hour for students on tomorrow evening, but the group of students who go to Indiana Student Conference will give some reports at the 6:30 discussion group.
Episcopal Students—There will be a corporate Communion at St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry streets, at 8 a. m. tomorrow for all Episcopal students. Breakfast will be served in the Parish House afterwards, to which all attending the service are invited to participate. At 6 p. m., supper will be served. The program which follows will be given by Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart and Glenn Wright, accordionist.
Methodist Students—The Wesley Players will hold an initiation for new members at 7:15 a. m. Sunday. This affair will be followed by a breakfast at 8 o’clock for both old and new members. The Sunday School classes will meet as usual at 9:30—^the co-ed class at th§ Foundation with Mrs. McFadden leading a discussion on the Book of Acts on “What Happened After Easter” and the men’s class at the church with Rev. McFadden speaking on “The Christian Attitude Toward War.” The regular fellowship hour and supper’will be held at the Foundation House at 5:00. The subject at Epworth League
; - / PICTW& <^R£AT£R THAN WORDS' CAN
STARfS TOMORROW NiAm
—EXTRA— Pete Smith Short —LAST DAY— Victor McLaglen in “Nancy Steele Is Missing”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“You sure you can support a family, young man? Rememberthere are seven of us I”
—held at the church at 6:30—will be “Why A Peace Strike?” R. A. Buckles and J. Biebel will be the speakers.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR.,LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry South Third Street
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING Office Stationery . Wedding Invilationt
PHONE " *“'**
-4! 628 CASSEL’S 408rERRy
ARC SUNDAY—MONDAY Bing Crosby and Frances Farmer
—and— Carol Lombard in “Love Before Breakfast” —aiso— Silly Symphony Cartoon.
LAST TIMES TODAY “Last of the Warrens”
“Shakedown” ‘Undersea Kingdom”
—LAST DAY— Jeanette MacDonald Nelson Eddy in “Maytime”
TOMORROW LUNAS^rd^^^dll^l087^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Outdoor Sport Carnival Scheduled For May 12
By B. D. Witwer This year’s intramural sports program will feature a new item which is a brain-child of “Chief” Clevett, director of intramural athletics, and which will be the first of its kind ever seen on the University calendar. A spring intramural outdoor carnival, which is dated to come off on May 12, is the new addition, and will be staged on a, mass basis that is only approached at the present by the indoor athletic carnival. However, due to the larger space which will be available for activities in the stadium, its scope will put that of the indoor session to shame. Want Ideas Although the plans are still partially in the embryo stage, “Chief” has been getting ideas for two or three years for events to be run off, from his gym classes. He said that he would like to have other suggestions from the students as to novel relay races, games, or any other material which could be incorporated into the general scheme of the plan. The intramural mentor went on to say that anyone with such choice ideas would further the cause by writing them down and dropping them in the mailbox in the gymnasium. Just to put across the basic idea
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Closing Out ^ Price ^ De Foe Art Colors J. SPERB HDW.
822-24 Main
NEW imk ■
MIDNITE PREVIEW Sat. 11:30 ‘DON’T TELL THE WIFE”
SUN. THRU WED. Double Feature
A HUNDRED SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK
.G U Y K I B B E E ^UNA MERKEL LYNNE OVERMAN A First Run Laugh Hit —and— OUT WHERE ALL LAW ENDED... JHEIR LOVE BEGAN! GODS COUNTRY AND THE WOMAN' Fr«M l«mat Ollvar Curwood'a ealabmkad with i GEO. BRENT BKVKRLY ROBERTS BURTON MhUNE.ROBERT BRRRRT • RIRH HALE Kl.( • Joieph CribH b BrMAll • Additoa RicbuBt Filmed Entirely in Color.
of the carnival, here is one of the events put up by Clevett as characteristic: A fraternity steeplechase featuring either horses or donkeys as the modes of transportation, and with hazards made up of bales of ^ay, or whatever else happens to be at hand. In addition to this type of events there may be a comedy May Day dance or some surrealistic nightmare turned in by a student going hasTwire from too many studies, but the contests all have to be akin to some type of physical activity to be useable. Right now the types of events to be used are the most important part of the preparation, so everyone with suggestions, crazy or otherwise, be sure to drop them in the gymnasium mailbox.
Boilermaker Golfers Drop Iowa Contest The University’s golf team was beaten by Iowa yesterday, 10^ to 7%, in the season’s opener for the Boilermakers. The Hawkeyes piled up a 5 to 1 lead in winning both of the morning foursomes, but their margin was whittled down as the Boilermakers won the afternoon individual matches, 6% to 5%. Purdue lost a chance to tie the match on a technicality on the fifteenth hole. Thompson hit the pin in his match with Capt. Bob Smith of Purdue, and the Boilermaker captain automatically forfeited the hole under the rules. As eventually played out, Smith actually won the hole, but the loss meant the difference of 1% points. The summary: Foursomes—Thompson and Carey, Iowa, defeated Smith and Anderson, Purdue, 2% to Rhue and
Tielder’s.... * ....choice
jb .By Bob Walpoleii.i.ii.I— Took a run out to the baseball field long enough to take a gander at the ball club at work . . . take it from us if you wish, the 1937 squad is the hardest working outfit to represent Purdue in years . . everybody is busy every minute . . and you can give that credit to Dutch . . . Piggy'has been helping on the batting ... —^fc— With the batting low, as seen by the opening game with Wabash last week, concentrated effort h^s been made on that division of the game . . . the regulars were at bat during our brief stay while the second and third strings alternated in the field. —^fc— ' No game this week-end, but plenty of activity next week -.. the conference season opens at Chicago on Friday with a couple of warmup games previous to the Big Ten season debut ... Incidentally, the postponed game of last week with the Little Giants will be played on the Purdue diamond on May 6. . . —^fc— Guess Jack Ohaver is a sissy . . . but perhaps he has nothing to say to defend the Beta Theta Pi organ-; ization . . .
FRATERNITY MASS GOLF
Monday, 4 o'clock Sigma Nu vs. Phi Pi Phi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Xi. Tnesday, 4 o’clock Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Shelleday, Iowa, defeated David and Freese, Purdue, 2% to VzIndividual Matches—Thompson, Iowa, defeated Smith, Purdue, 2% to Vz; David, Purdue, defeated Shelleday, Iowa, 3-0; Miller, Iowa, defeated Dickinson, Purdue, 3-0; Anderson, Purdue, defeated Carey, of Iowa, 3-0.
What’ s SO Attractive About Him?
He’s SMOOTH SHAVEN!
You can be too, in the
atlet Sl
7
Downstairs
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Corner of Campus—Center of Activities-
I-M Mass Golf To Swing Into Action After Week-End Intramural mass golf will get under way Monday at the public links as 18 fraternities vie with each other for the trophy which is displayed in the Chocolate Shop window. The men will go out in .two-somes, three-somes, or four-somes according to how they arrive. No two men from the same fraternity can go out together, however. Each man will play a round of nine holes and the Greek houses with the lowest scores will then play in the finals Wednesday and Thursday. Managers Busy This is the one proposition in the sports year which calls for real work on the part of the house athletic managers, because they have to get a certain percentage of their house’s membership to go out for the matches and then have to keep them out. Keeping them out is the big job and if they fall short one man of the required number, they‘are out of the competition. In past years quite a few fraternities have fallen by the wayside for this very reason. One man gets disgusted and quits and the whole house is out of it. Fifteen fraternities have to complete the play or there will be no medals given to the members of the winning team, so it is up to the managers to really keep on the job. The numbers of men who have to participate in the intramural golf competition are as follows: Sigma Nu 13, Phi Pi Phi 8, Alpha Tau Omega 9, Sigma Phi Epsilon 10, Sigma Pi 8, Sigma Alpha Mu 7, Beta Theta Pi 16, Phi Kappa Psi 15, Phi Delta Theta 14. Kappa Delta Rho9, Delta Tau Delta 14, Phi Kappa Tau 9, Delta Upsilon 12, Pi Kappa Alpha 10, Alpha' Chi Rho 10, Sigma Alpha Epsilon 15, Kappa Sigma 15, and. Theta Xi 10. .,
Geoirge Washington UniversilSy Hospital researchers have developed a new :an^hetic for use during child-birth.
“DE,A<C” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
WBAA
TODAY 11:00—Just Kids. 11:30—High School Voice of 'The Air. 12:00—Charles Powell, baritone. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines, T. K. Noss. 12:45—Market reports. 1:00—The Radio Stage. MONDAY 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum, R. O. Cole, O. G. Johanningsmeier. 12:16—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—^Athletic Review, by Bob Heine. 12:46—Noon Musicale. 1:46—Markets and Weather.
MGtmAt Diainoltd ' 1— Phi Kai>i>ti Tatt vs. Delta Tati DeHa. 2— Triangle Kappa Sigma. 8—Phi Kappa Sigma m Beta Uteto Pi. ■4—Sigma Alpha Mo vs. Phi Kappa P»f, 5—^Delta Upsifon ve. Sigma W. 8—Phi Kappa vs. SigmitChi. t—Kappa Delta Rho va. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Taa Omegra. 9— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 10—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma n»i Epailon
Make your tennis reservations for Saturday and Sunday in the Intramural office. All entries for I-M tennis must be' in today. ♦ —CLEVETT.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
SMART ... But Definitely
WILSON SKIPPER SPORT WEAR Here's the smartest fad you students have taken up in years—and we guarantee any of these expertly woven slip-overs—will make a dashing Adonis out of the most ordinary man. They're ultra-comfortable, handy and in all an entirely useful garment. In the East, we hear, some men are even wearing them to the office on sultry days. $1.00 to $1.50
Baltfmore Clothes Shop
THIS BIRD SAYS:
44
Stock Up
For
Spring V ^ and the best tonic I know of is some new shirts, new ties, new socks and underwear. They'll make you feel like a new man—so come in and get outfitted today—^splurge a little— spend some money on yourself. I guarantee you'll be chirping too!"
SHIRTS White or Colored $1.50 - $1.65 $2.00
HOSE I nterwoven 35c and 50c
SHIRTS AND SHORTS 35c and 50c BOW TIES 50c
DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
iafaykths
''1 >1
: IfrJ
. '"‘im I '-dW. •■St- ■ '•'' ' ' '
, ' ' ' " ’ : ’ 5* ;J’y,\' '■>•."ij''i^''^‘'I rl'^’’'’, ?'■' 7,'*/'ftT-'*' 7: ' :'' ''' ' 'lo--'7
Fx •■ ->
Vm»Vtn» •sSssesfissa
*/ A'f .,;
satt
rm i^mtym ^xponb^t
■
m
s
Ea
EO
m
SI
meaning
Auto
Service
Ea
m
m
Bl
6th at Alabama Z4 hour Service
Howard Co. High School Pupils Visit Campus
Fifty-six pupils from Clay Township High School, Howard County, visited the campus Thursday, inspecting various departments and features on the campus. They were accompanied by their principal, Mr. Lee, and Mr,, Harry Gray, vocational teacher.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADLING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebersholf, 605 Main str- et. Phone 2779.
Tennis Racket Restringing—$1.60 to $5.00. W. B. Allen, 472 North Salisbury street. West Lafayette; Phone 4864.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmalcer This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding
and
New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Roller Skates for Rent. Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.'
Monarch Typewrlter^Reftsohabld Metal typewriter stand. Tuxedo suit, size 40. Other tuxedos, other sizes. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth' street.
NOTICES Mo noticM acMiitwl aftwr 8 p. m.
Farm Management Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1
p. m.
-MAUOH.
P. E. W. Bowling—WoMen who wish to elect bowling may do so on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 and 10 a. m. and on Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a. m. —HAZELTON.
A. S. M. E.—Members wishing to attend the midwest convention at Chicago April 19 and 20 call R. K. Weldy for reservations. —WELDY.
Civil Engineers—All students expecting to attend Civil Engineering camp report to the University health department at their three hour periods during the week of April 19, 26. and May 3, for tsrphoid inoculations. —TODD.
C. E. 21 Conditional Examination—Will be given April 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 301 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please see instructor in advance. —SONESON.
Sophomore’ Union Worker.#^—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to me by April 24. Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office. —SCHOLER.
Camera Club—All bills must be paid by or on April 22. —CLAYPOLE.
W. A. A. Tennis—The following games must be played by April 21: Christenson and DeWitt vs. Moore and Wilson, Reith and Alexander vs. Demoret and Decker, Rose and Conklin vs. Halstead and Smith, Jenkins and Mills vs. Mounce and Raebig, Merritt and Walker vs. Baker and Randall. —JENKOJS.
Wesley Foundation Hike—The freshmen commission invites all of the Foundation members to attend the hike to Happy Hollow April 17. Hikers will leave the Foundation at 2 p. m. Refreshments will be 10 cents. —MYERS.
Scrivener—Editorial staff meeting April
Sensational Offer of I Summer Shoes
A few weeks from now you’ll thank your lucky stars you had the foresight to buy at least two pair of these cool smart looking white shoes for hot weather. They’ll take you through the whole season with comfort, style and economy.
^1.98 and $2.98
Reliable Clothing Co.
224 MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Good Dry Cleaning not only keeps you looking fit but prolongs the life of your clothes. Send them to us regularly and see how much better they look and how much longer they last.
Call 3085 and have our driver call for anything you want dry cleaned or laundered.
American Laundry
*■ ,V '
trown Cleaniiig Service Outsells all Other at Purdue
Youf suit Crown Cleaned is moth-proofed at the same time by Monite moth-proofing process.
% — Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
18 at 7:30 p. m. in Scrivener office. Please be present. * —BROCK.
Purdue Engineer Staff—^All sophomore staff members and all freshmen interested in working on the Purdue Engineer next year must attend meeting in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. April 19. —GILBERT.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—^The following girls report to Women’s Gymnasium on Monday, April 19, at the following hours: 1:30— Betty Driscoll, Joanne Edson, June Stewart. Blanche Kernel, Ruby Dell Wilson, Sylvia Zussin; 2:30 Janet Calvin, Lucille Dobson, Jane Cook, Mary Jean Jarett, Betty Simpson, Lydia Lyon. —HAZELTON.
Sophomore Union Workers—Petitions are available for sophomore workers in the Union now. Please fill out and return to the Memorial Union Building. —SCHOLER.
Union Workers—Our committees please report at the Union office as soon as possible after 1 p. m., April 19. —MYTINGER, McLEOD, PERKINS.
W. A. A. Baseball—Following games will be played at 4 p. m., April 19: W. R. H. vs. Alpha Chi Omega; Ward 2 vs. Pi Phi’s and
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phon.e 4450 1622 East Main
LAWN MOWERS
Sharpened
NEW and USED MOWERS
Free Delivery
F. JOS. MULHAtrPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
Alpha Xi’s.
-’TOWNSEND.
Baptist Students—All those who are going to the conference at Indiana University meet at Rev. Gleason’s at 12 o’clock on April 17. —KELLEY.
Newman Club—Communion breakfast on April 18 after 9:30 mass at St. Mary’s. —CARTON.
Graduate Students—Graduate forum will
meet April 18 at 6:30 p. m. in Wesley Foundation house. R. A. Woodson will lead the discussion on "Religion in Everyday Life.’’ —HOW.
Glider Club—Short work and flying session. Meet at tow-car garage at 1 p. m. April 17. —WILTSHIRE.
P. I. A. Orchestra—Meet in P. I. A. office April 17 at 2:30 p. m. Engagement tonight. Very important. —STEVENS.
LET’S GO ROLLER SKATING
MAPLE POIKT RINK
New Management Good Music Good Skates
Roller Skate for Health*s Sake A €k)od Body Builder
ARE YOU CHOOSY
ABOUT YOUR FOOD?
THEN DINE IN A REALM OF GOOD FOODS — WHERE YOU WILL ALWAYS FIND AN INTERESTING SELECTION OF TEMPTING DISHES:
There Is Always
Room on the Second Floor in the Colonial Room
Continuous 24 Hour Service
WHEELER’S LUNCH
410 Main
Phone 6810
Lafayette
'1x4'