the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette. Indiana, Saturday, October 30, 1937
NUB<1BER41
All
America
Ratings
—ByCHRISTY WALSH-
Member All-America Board of Football Any collegian deserving to wear the spangles of an All America player must qualify for football’s highest honors under every circumstance and condition, and this week’s quota of recommendations tells of great deeds performed in the rain and mud of New England, the snow and blizzard of the Middle West and under the sunny skies of California. The following week the same teams may perform under climatic conditions extremely opposite, but the All America candidate in the lineup must expect no quarter, or allowance. In like manner, the player destined for football’s Hall of Fame, must never have a let-down, never grow careless, no matter how weak the opposition and above all, “one bad day” must never appear in his season’s record.
The following players came through with flying colors in their last engagement and will be considered by the board when the team is picked for 1937:
WOJCIECHOWICZ. Fordham. Center. Aside from his amazing endurance and his physical powers, this veteran center has few equals in any position in the matter of divining the strategy of a rival quarterback. On offense, he tears holes in the enemy line and against a band of inspired Texans, he frequently lead his own ball carriers to long gains, through dead-center.
HEAP. Northwestern. Halfback. Rated by Coach Zuppke of Illinois as one of the star halfbacks in the Middle West, Don Heap Northwestern’s stalwart leader was the best all-aroun(| offensive player against_ a powerful adversary at Columbus. Ohio State was victorious but not until after Heap, single-handed, had bucked their mighty line up and down the field.
KINARD. Mississippi. Tackle. Justifying the high praise of Pop Warner and many coaches, Oiis giant lineman is having another remarkable season. Last Saturday Kinard held opposing backs to a loss over his position, kicked four points after touchdowns, made half the tackles for Ole Miss and scored a touchdown, unassisted in one play, beating his teammates to a ball he had kicked off, recovering it over the goal line. Kinard weighs 216 pounds.
KARAMATIC. Gonzaga. Fullback. For the fourth game this season, George Karamatic, 195 pound ace performer, has been the best man on the field, according to a recommeildation from Royal Brougham, Seattle PoBt-IntelUgencer, who wires as follows : ‘‘Every coach and scout who has seen the kicking, passing, and running of this fullback and halfback, rates him without a superior in college football today.”
HUTCHINSON. Dartmouth. Fullback. Supported by superb blocking the speed, the judgment and open field dodging of this sophomore sensation carried him triumphantly half the length of the gridiron on two occasions, through a maze of bewildered Harvard players. On top of these two spectacular touchdown runs—one for 60 yards and one for 66—Hutchinson proved himself a great mudder, with a third touchdown in the final water-bogged period.
RABB. Ohio State. Fullback. An outstanding star in the victory over Northwestern, defending jconference champions, this versatile fullback piled up yardage on offense, piled up Interference on defense, and turned in one of the best fullback jobs of the 1937 season. He weighs 178 pounds, hits the line low and hard, and many coaches rate him as the No. 1 fullback of the Big Ten group.
GOLDBERG. Pittsburgh. Halfback. A ‘‘marked” player, Goldberg’s speeding legs and gritty determination have defied all opposition and Harry Keck, Pittsburgh Sun Teleg)rsph, demands a place for this junior in the final All America lineup. ‘‘Goldberg carried the 81 yards in five plays the first touchdown, against Wisconsin, * wires Keck, “and went 69 yards in two plays, following second half kick-off, for second score.”
DAVIS. Kentucky. Halfback. “New York writers here with Manhattan College, agree Bob Davis is one of the smoothest combinations of runner-passer-punter in college football,” thus advised Laurence J. Shropshire, Lexington Leader. He fooled Manhattan with his first long pass and that won the ball game. Hfe had very little interference 'on his 73 yard touchdown run. He does everything, with a professional smoothness and his constant threat had a demoralizing effect on Manhattan.
BOTTARI. California. Halfback. Praising the drives of fullback Anderson, against Southern California, Coach Howard Jon^ reports, “What hurt us most was Bottari’s slants and quick cutbacks. Without Bottari, early in the second half, the Bears were reduced from a great eleven, to just another good squad. The spark and speed of Bottari revealed how important it is to have a man who can go on his own. When holes are not quite big enough.”
HINKLE. Vanderbilt. Center. Ed Danforth, Atlanta Georgian, leaves no doubts about Hinkle, with the following vivid rating, “He turned in a game at center against Vanderbilt that stamps him as All-Ameri-can. ' Playing 60 minutes against the power plays of L. S. U., this veteran senior was caught out of position only once. It whs his ninth, game in three years without a substitute. Fastest center in the south and a marveloxiB offensive blocker.”
oilermakers Meet Iowa In Last Home Game
Of Season; Dads Day Events Fill Program
Wing Positions Will Be Strengthened As Don Powell, Jim Zachary Return To Lineup
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE Position IOWA Powell LE Lannon Schreyer (C) ; LT (C) Harris Bykowski LG Brady Humphrey C Anderson Bremer RG Allen
Woltman RT Zachary RE. Cody Isbell QB. Cecil Isbell LH. Brock RH. Juska FB.
. F. Gallagher Prasse Kinnick Eicherly W. Gallagher McClain
OFFICIALS—Referee, Joe Magidsohn, Michigan; umpire, A. G. Reid, Michigan; field judge, Meyer Morton, Michigan; head linesman. Jay Wyatt, Missouri. BROADCAST—^WBAA, Purdue; WIRE, Indianapolis; WHO, Des Moines; WHBU, Anderson.
One of the hardest fought series of the Big Ten will be continued here this afternoon when two enraged elevens meet in Ross-Ade Stadium to determine which shall retain the cellar position in the Big Ten standings. Iowa will, be depending upon the strength of a powerful line and the deceptiveness of their sophomore star, Nile Kinnick, to bring them their first conference victory of the season. Purdue will match them with a welhbalanced attack that de-
Juniors Join ROTC
Junior cadet officers in the University ROTC corps will join the seniors in today’s pre-game flag raising ceremony, according to plans revealed last night by Cadet Colonel W. C. Musham, brigade commander. The group will form at 1:30 p. m.
It has been especial emphasized by Cadet Colonel Musham that the regular uniform will be worn by all men participating in the ceremony with the single exception that a white shirt will be substituted for the regulation uniform shirt. Qverseas caps are, regulation and not garrison caps. 4
According to the announcement, all men will fall in, initially facing the south. As the American flag is raised, the band will play “The Star Spangled Banner” and the cadets .will “present arms.” When this maneuver is completed, the units will “about face” and present arms as the Purdue flag is raised to the tune of “Hail, Purdue.”
Bryant Will Play For Blanket Hop Tonight
In order to purchase “P” blankets for senior major letter winners, a Blanket Hop, sponsored by the Student Union, will be given this evening at 9 o’clock to the accompaniment of Bud Bryant’s; orchestra, with an admission price of one dol lar prevailing.
A large, golden “P” will be centered upon the jet black, backdrop with a gold border for the danc^. All profits from the affair will be donated to the purchase of senior awards. These blank,ets will be presented to the senior lettermen at a future date. Complimentary tickets will not be honored tonight.
pends upon speed and deception. Powell, Zachary Return Bolstered by the return of their two veteran ends, Don Powell and Jim Zachary; rejuvenated by a two weeks’ layoff in which much of the roughness noted in their early season play has been smoothed over, the Boilermakers will take the field tomorrow with the odds decidedly in their favor. Battle of Lines With the Boilermakers able to match the Hawkeyes with such ball carriers as Cecil Isbell, Lou Brock, Tony Juska, and others, it appears that the final outcome of the game will depend upgin the battle between the two forward walls. As Andy Grant has been forced out of the game witk a leg injury, it is expected that a number of the sophomores who showed to advantage against the Wildcats will see considerable action before the final gun.
Phi Lambda Upsilon Announces Pledges
Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school, welcomed new pledges to Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemistry honorary, at the pledging ceremonies yesterday afternoon at 6 o’clock in rooih 320 of the Chemistry Building. The pledges are:
University Directories The first shipment of University directories is exhausted. No more copies will be available until further notice. Ralph B. ^tone, Registrar.
Juniors—D. Duffey, W. D. McEachron, and D. S. Martin. Seniors—W. H. Barry, C. W. Dudding, P. H. Egli, D. J. Goodman, H. Hopkins, K. M. Linn, L. C. Sellers, J. A. Vitale, R. W. Welborn, H. F. Wiegandt, and R. C. Woerner. Graduates—W. A. Bittenbender, J. C. Crane, J. D. Danforth, H. M. Grubb, R. L. Heider, F. W. Hoover, and D. Rankin. Faculty—G. K. F'oresman.
Purdue Invades Phillip I Morris Program Tonight
A salute to Purdue will feature the coast-to-eoast Philip
Morris program tonight at'8:30
over the Columbia Broadcasting System. Russ Morgan will offer his rendition of “Hail, Purdue,” and the remainder of the program is thus far undisclosed.
Ofhposing Leaders
• • •
Captain Marty Schreyer, brilliant Boilermaker left tackle, will make his last home stand for Purdue as he leads the Boilermakers against the Hawkeyes today.
Remaining Tickets For Luncheon, Game, Go On Sale In Union Lobby At 8 This Morning
Four hundred remaining tickets for the Dads’ Day luncheon and 98 remaining tickets in the special dads’ section for the Iowa game will be on sale from 8 to 11:45 a. m. today in the Memorial Uniqn Building lobby. Luncheon tickets are 65 cents, and the game tickets are $2.75. The luncheon will be at 11:45 in the Union ballroom, preced-
Iowa’s football captain, Homer Harris, 188 pound, six foot one inch end, hails from Seattle, Wash. Capt. Harris will give Purdue plenty to Wjorry about in his final appearance against the Boilermaker squad here Saturday.
ing the game at 2 o’clock. Glee Club To Sing The men’s glee club will make its first appearance since the Varsity Show at the luncheon, and the Pur,due Zouave Squad will go through maneuvers.. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the newly formed division of applied psychology, will deliver the principal address. Contests will be run at the 7:30 smoker in the Memorial Union ballroom to determine which dad is the tallest, shortest, fattest, and who has come the greatest distance. A suitable prize will be awarded to the winner in each division. Students and dads may both attend the smoker. The glee club wilhsing'“The First Time I Saw You” with a trio composed of Rosemary Skinner, Jo Friend, and Leonard Raftree at the smoker among other numbers. The glee club will close this program with “The Honor of Old Purdue.” Mothers’ Banquet Although they may attend the luncheon, mothers will have a special banquet at 6:30 in the faculty lounge, where the concert choir will present a program. Tickets for the banquet are on sale for 75 cents at the Memorial Union desk. ' Fraternities will have special programs for dads, and Dads’ Day will close with the Blanket Hop in the Union ballroom at 9 o’clock. Paul F. Royster, of Lafayette, was named president of the Dads’ executive council and Arthur McQueen, of West Lafayette, was reelected secretary-treasurer of the council at a banquet in the reception room of the Union last night. President Elliott spoke at the dinner, and a proposal to organize dads’ clubs in Fort Wayne, New York City, South Bend, and other cities similar to those in Chicago and Indianapolis was brought up.
Student Undergoes Hurried Operation
stricken with appendicitis about 12:00 Thursday night, C. R. Pandel, sophomore’ Forestry student and a member of Phi Kappa fraternity, was taken to St. Elizabeth’s hospital where he was operated upon early yesterday morning. Although Pandel is unable to receive visitors yet, his condition is described as satisfactory.
Course Cancellation Students who wish to cancel assignments without ‘ grades should do so before Saturday noon, October 30th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if > possible, by the head, of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 30th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. ' M. L, Fisher, ’ Dean of Men.
Debris Posipones Group Pictures
Band, Flag Raising Open Game Today
Including in its lineup the motorized bass-drum, the University's 145 piece military hand will execute formations at the Purduelowa game today in honor of Dads’ Day. Equipped with new boots, the band will join the cadet officers in the flag raising ceremony before the game. Sixteen trumpets will herald the beginning of maneuvers at the half as the band breaks from its three separate units into the various formations. The main feature of the maneuvering will be in the form of a salute to the Dads as the band strikes up “Back to Old Purdue” and simultaneously spells D-A-D, while marching down on the gridiron.
Freshman Captures Pigskin At Pep Rally
Inasmuch as many campus organizations have not as yet selected their pledges, a change in schedule of Debris group pictures has been arranged. Groups originally scheduleu for the week of November 1 have been postponed until the week of November 15, according to Chuck Ehinger, editor. Chairmen of organizations will be notified by postcard and telephone of the time of their group’s sitting, and schedules will also appear in the Exponent. In past years, many organizations have not received a fair representation in their group pictures and some Debris readers have received the wi’ong impression of the organization. This year, the year book is pointing toward 100 per cent attendance at the picture sittings which will be held in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building.
“Get Hot Purdue; Pop That Iowa Corn.” “Blacken the Hawkeyes.” These billboard-sized signs waved above the heads of the band and a cheering crowd of students as Ransome H. Greenfield, Jr., freshman engineer, received the autographed football donated by the Reamer Club at the pqp session last night in the Armory. “I attribute my success to my fondness for baked ham,” said Greenfield, as he caressed the pigskin. Greenfield was a little late in getting to the platform because he cpuTdn’t find the location of the number on his passport, but with gi’een pot in hand he beamingly accepted the prize. G. A. Young made a short talk before the drawing, in which he called himself “Exhibit No. 1,” after 43 years of Purdue association. “G. A.” recalled the “good old days” of past Boilermaker battles and traditions, and in addition added that he did not like the term “Riveters,” since “Boilermakers” sigrnifies a more complete product. Mel Taube, assistant football coach, said “1 believe the team is in better shape for tomorrow’s game than it has been for any game up to now.” He also brought a message from Mai Elward, the few but forcible words “we are going to win.” Captain Marty Schreyer expressed his mingled feelings at attending his last pep session before a home game. Jim Zachary followed Schreyer on the stand, and after the drawing F. B. Ernst, CE ’00, vice-presi-dent of the American Steel Foundries Co., closed the pep session.
Prof. Lgnczos To Lecture Tomorrow, Not Monday
Professor Cornelius Lanczos will present his lecture on native Hungarian music and play several compositions on the piano the music room of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 4 p. m., instead of Monday as was erroneously stated in the Exponent yesterday.
Hallowe’en Riotingr It should be understood that any Hallowe’en , rioting on the part of students* will not be condoned by the University, Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to propperty will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. Edward C, EUiolt, President.SiShSS ^■aCB <
pv
the Purdue Exponent
Fonnded in 18M
Bditorinl Phone 60S7 Ounpon fiabneriptiona It por year
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Lnfnrntte, Indinnn
Business Phone 6088 Kail Subscriptions |8 80 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P. Manion
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR.
J. E Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS J> A Bailey, L. S Rardin C D Schroeder, H I Stanback, D R. Vance
CO-ED EDITOR. - ASSOOIATB EDITORS
Sally MeXce.
Cs-sd Staff
__ EUsal^th Pyke .JIary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
BUSINESS MANAGER
Business Staff
ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER Local Adecrtisinir Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER . National AdTsrtisins Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER Circnlafien Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER — _
Spejrts Staff
SPORTS EDITOR — 1 ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, t ^ B D Witwor.
D. C. Miller
J P Girard R. R. Hensler W. J Giliilan M C, Reeyes F. fflbenehain L. ^Donald,
NIGHT EDITOR
Schroeder October 30, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Frederick
What Have We Got For Dad? Today we are celebrating Dads’ Day on the campus. We’ll go to the game, cheer as the band spells out D-A-D, and tell our own Dad what a swell guy he is. We’ll thank him for what he has done for us, the fine home with which he has provided us, the fine heredity and fine environment of our family. We thank him for our education, the privilege of coming to Purdue. We’ll thank him for all the favors he’s shown us, the extra five spots he sometimes slips in his letters, the extra money to go out of town for a week-end. We’ll thank him for lots of things; we’ll use the best language at our command; we’ll try to make him feel how much we appreciate what he has done for us and how much we care for him. But mere words cannot convey what we really feel. Those things we do mention will be an appreciation for all the material things he has done for us. We cannot tell him how much he means to us, what a grand guy he is. But we can try to show him these things in the attention we pay him. We’ll take him to the Dads’ Day luncheon, the game, the Dad’s Smoker. We’ll introduce him to all the fellows with a pardonable pride. We’ll do all in our power to show dad that we think he’s the best scout in the whole world.—J. E. B.
University Calendar
—TODAY— Dads’ Day'Truncheon: Ballroom Memorial Union Building at 12 noon. Football: Purdue plays Iowa in the Ross-Ade Stadium at 2 p m.
Dads’ Day Smoker: Smoker in the ballroom of the Union at 5 p. m. Union Dance: Mixer in the ballroom of the Union at 9 p m
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
Have you ever worn a Sears "Royal Ascot" Dress Shirt?
• Genuine trubenized collar • Comfortable fitting • Made of finest material and woikmanship. Try a “Royal Ascot,” be convinced
What a shirt' Packed with value in every thread' Style, quality, fit—it’s got them all' The label “Royal Ascot” tells you the story Strong lustrous broadcloth Fine tailoring Hand finished Trubenized collar Ocean pearl buttons and many other features of shirts that sell up to twice the price Vat dyed colors, pre-shrunk. Choice of dark or light fancy woven patterns also solid blue/ navy blue deep-tone, light brown deep-tone or white. Buy Royal Ascot for guaranteed long wear! Sears' "PILGRIM' Dress Shirts All Sanforized-Shrunk All With Fused Collars
In fabric, tailoring and fit— they’re tremendous values! Dependable broadcloth and fast color patterned shirtings—guaranteed to give you long wear and good looks Non-wilt soft collars.
98c
SEARS.ROEBUCK AND CO.
X^afayette, Ind.
Phone 4030
Co-Edits
Welcome To The Dads Today we co-eds with the rest of the campus are welcoming the Purdue Da^s in an effort to show our appreciation and gratitude foi the opportunities which have been offered to us By the crowded schedule which has been pre-arranged for the fathers and by the sincere animation we feel upon pater’s arrival, we are determined to make the fathers proud that they are Purdue Dads Attendance at the Purdue-Iowa game, dinners at sorority houses, mixer dates are merely outward, physical signs of showing how much we think of the Dads The Student Union has planned an extensive program for the mothers as well as the dads so that the entire family may bask in the brilliance of this occasion, originaly designed for the fathers. Por these students who have not been home since last summer the arrival of the dads is especially exciting. Whether we have seen oui parents every week-end or not, we hope that the dads and guests enjoy their short visit with us
ARC
•LAST DAY—
mowN{ .immiiil'
GLORIA STEWART “GIRL OVERBOARD” —also— ‘Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY ‘ON THE AVENUE’
“EASY TO TAKE’
plete 1986
f-Delto'
“Delta” Motor-Driven Tools take all th« drudgrery out of woodworking:. Save time and money Easy to operate No siiecial experience reanired. Priced surprisinsly low. New improvements and new features make the eom-
line of
Motor-Driven Tools of unusual interest to all Woodworkers. The “Delta” line includes* Grinders, Simpers, Jointers, Circular Saws. Band Saws, Scroll Saws, Drill Presses, Woodtnmina: Lathes, Boring:, Routing:, Sandinfc, and Uortisinc Attaeliments, and a complete line ef accessories.
See our complete dLvUy of **Delto'*
“Quality” To^
SPER6 HARDWARE
822 Main St.
SEE THEM TODAY!
“Red the Terrible,” you’re hired. If you can uncover as much dirt as you say you can, we’ll print it. Yofi have oqr word for that. .*. let’s se0 ho^ ^od your wor4 is.
POME
Our first genuine contrib of the year. An orchid to the writer* DON’T GET WRONQ I threw my arms Around her neck And squeezed her very tight; And thought I’d see How she’d treat me Before I'd say “Goodnight.” Her body was So warm you see It sent chills up my spine; But she was just So nice to me That I couldn’t help but mind. I laid my hands Upon her chest And whispered in her ear, And said that I Sure needed her And that’s why she was here Her soulful eyes Persuaded me To stay light by her side, Her nice white teeth And ‘soft-licked lips Were awful hard to hide And so you see This thing to me Deserves a thankful bow It’s milk I prefer And it’s up to her For SHE’S our only COW
PRINTED WITH YOUR NAME Gay "heart' warming" greetings that say "Merry Christmas" with real old fashioned cheer . Yet designed in the most modern manner
Sl’tl
PRINTED WITH YOUR NAME ON CARDS AND 50 PLAIN ENVELOPES Please Note! Be sure to see the new RYTEX line of Cards af 25 for $1 00 For you who wanf a slightly better card but still reasonabl|y priced, here are the Season's smartest greetings 25 Cards for $1 00, printed with your Name 25 Plain Envelopes
HAYWOOD'S Lafayette^ Ind.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Saturday# October 30# 1937
By Lichty
“Perhaps if Madame submits a photograph first, we can better plan our mode of attack!”
A scallion to Dick Craig for having taught the Sig’s great Dane, Caesar, the ways of lovin’. Dick, vou’Il have the dog as bad off as Humphreys has made the DU mongrel.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
bAid
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
‘MARY THE GIRL” with HUGH HERBERT MARY BOLAND Also “HERE’S FLASH CASEY” with ERIC LINDEN
Midnite Prevue TONITE 11:30 rWO-FISTES CREATING A BOMBSHELL WITH HIS FISTS
fOWARO i AlRItSOf
^NH/S / PICTURE
. m .fell HEAR /Wy EVELYN DAW SING
-i^8>TiiaL —LAST baytwo FIRST RUN HITS!
Johnny Mack Brown in “The Gambling Terror” -plusjack HOLT in “Trapped by the G-Men”
SUNDAY — MONDAY ROBERT TAYLOR IN “Broadway Melody of 1938”
—LAST DAY-
TWO BIG FEATURES
JTNEW universal PICTURE with LEWIS STONE lARBARA READ • TONI BROWN
COMING SUNDAY BUDDY ROGERS MARY LIVINGSTONE
IN
"Iliis Way, Please"
So startling .... It makes film history. A picture you never will forget !
“The Life of
Coming Sunday
Paul Muni in
Emile Zola"
4)
it
iv.
*n
m
*4\
Sfftvu:4ay« October 30, 1937
\
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Purdue Dad Places Photos On Display
Purdue Dads will have a chhnce to witness an exhibition of phqtor graphs by another Purdue Dad, Thomas O. Sheckell, father of R. 0. Sheckell, ’40. This exhibit, which may be viewed in the music room
from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m,, opened yesterday, and will be shown th'rough next Thursday. Mr. Sheckell, Indiana ’06, was president of the law .class at that university in his senior year. '
Some of the prints shown have been exhibited in 60 countries—one of them was voted the most beautiful tree photograph by the Amer-
Hello Dad—Welcome
?(ow ahojuL CL > -
(-Ec^
Getiuihe Eye-So^f^ctinip
Save your son's eyes. He can study four or five hours at a time with this lamp without tiring or hurting his eyes.
H. G. (Deac) REISNER Book Store
ican Forestry Association. The exhibit will consist of portraitures, landscapes, nudes, and many modern “odd angle” photographs. It is the first of a series which the Camera Clpb, in conjunction with the Union^is featuring. D. A. Samuelson, Union vice-president, stated last night, “We are arranging to show some of the finest of national photographic exhibits.” The Camera Club will have their own exhibit on December 6.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
If You Cqme to Lafayette, Try a Special Dinner at
THE NU CHINA 409 Columbia
AMERICAN MENU 35c 11 A. M, to 2 P. M. CHOICE OF MEAT
Baked Short Rib of Beef Fried Lake Trout Fried Calf Liver and Onion Roast Fresh Ham Mushroom Omalatte Fried Scallop Roast Veal
Soap. Two Vezetabloa. Solod, miUo or Breid and Butter, Ice Creom. Sherbet or Pineapple, Coffer, Tea or MQk Included.
CHINESE MENU 40c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. CHpICE OF MEAT
Cblufse Chop Suey
Aipericai
effii Chop Suey
Chop Suey Chow
Extra Fine Chop Suey
Rice, Rolls or Bread and Butter, Ekk Foo Young:, Ice Cream, Sherbet, or Pineapple, Tea, Coffee or Milk Included.
Also have your party at our pri" vate banquet dining room, or call 4966 for orders to take out.
Four Tournaments Are In Progress As Purdue Opens Billiard Season At Union
. Purdue’s billiard season is now under way with four tournaments being held in the billiard room of the Purdue Memorial Union. Tournaments are being held in straight rail, three cushion, rotation pocket, and 14.1 pocket billiards. Leaders in the different tournaments are, in the straight rail division with two games to their credit, J. Shafer, W. Love, and William Fullerton. In the three cushion meet with also two games won are L. Daily and E. H. Stinebaugh. L. Daily is leading the 14.1 pocket billiard division with one game to his credit and C. F. Melvo is running a close second having one Victory and one defeat. Two men are tied for first place honors in the rotation pocket tournament with two victories. They are R. N. Witherell and D. Fruin.
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS SINGLES
Monday, November 1 Anderson vs. Vaughan. Morse vs. J. H. Johnson.
Boilermaker Cross-Country Squad To Meet Illinois At Champaign This Moraing
Hoosiers To Meet
Tough Nebraska Team Saturday
With one of its stiffest assignments coming up, the Indiana football team concentrated on defensive tactics during its practices this weqk in preparation for the Nebraska tussle at Lincoln, Neb., today. The Hoosiers have been crippled by injuries to key men and showed only fair work against freshmen using Nebraska plays. The lineup is still in doubt, with James Sirtosky, guard, and Charley McDaniel, tackle, unable to see full time service. In the backfield, Bill Anderson and Don Heistand are still on the inactive list. The contest is apt to become a battle of lines with Nebraska holding the edge with a forward wall including Charley Brock, cehter, Shirey, tackle; English, guard; and Amen and Dohrman, ends.
Welcome Purdue Dads We carry a complete line of clothing, furnishings and shoes.
Quality Merchandise for ‘Less
J.C. PENNEY CO.
DEPARTMENT
STORE
Intent on adding another victory to that garnered last year, Purdue’s cross-country squad left town last night, headed for Champaign where they will race against the Illini squad this morning.
The team spent the night in Danville and will get into Champaign in time to run at 9:00 a. m. and then leave in time to get back to Lafayette for the Iowa football game.
Codch Phillips announced that the Boilermaker outfit would consist of those men who went to Indiana last week, namely: Mazur, Kbapp, Bodeau, Long, Bell, Ganlke, Denzler, Marozkk, and Fatout. The new track mentor went on to say that he was confident of a victory unless the Illini showed up with some sudden outburst of strength that hasn’t been apparent as yet.
Quite a bit of rivalry has been built up for this meet, between Knapp and Bodeau. Art Bodeau won the first two meets, but followed Knapp across the tape in the Indiana contest. Now Knapp «ays that he is going to beat Art again at IlliUois and vice versa. It’ll he interesting to see how things turn out.
ALL-CAMPUS DOUBLES
Playoff This Week-End Brodsky and Morse (Senior) vs. Powell and Brackman (Frosh). Frye and Berg (Sophomore) vs. Blitz and Richardson( Junior).
The
Corner of the
Campus-
Yet
the Center of
Activities
V Meet Dad in the Union and show him around—^let him see for himself the many services we have available for you. He will enjoy pleasant surroundings and be interested in the place yon spend your moments of relaxation.
JhiL
a ^WviusL TI^himjOiiaL lAmon, K>1<^ Hi qgoH fSla ^
ipipI.
1 < ip w W^' »r^'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 30, 1937
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED—Student to fire furnace in exchange for room. Call 35044 evenings.
WANTED—Student washings at I’easonable price. Call for and deliv er. Phone 75402.
LOST—ATO pin Thursday afternoon, probably on touchball field No. 2. Call Robbins, 3035.
Notices No Notices Accepted After S pjB.
test report to Ross-Ade Stadium at 12:16 p. m. October 30. i —SANDERS.
Enfi:ineer Subscribers: AU subscribers who have not received October issue of the Purdue Engineer call 4006 before November 1. —ANDERSON.
AIChE: Student branch meeting in the reception room of the Union Building, November 2 at 7:80 p. m. —JACOBI.
WAA All Star ilockcy Team: The following report to Womens Athletic Field, October 30, for Dads’ Day hockey game: Delaplane, Bailey, Shafer, Harry, Dobson, Wiley, Swick, Vandivier, Merritt, K., Bonton, Roderick, Walder, Weishaar, Strickler, McKnight, Neimann, Cook, J., Cook, B., Mathers. —DOBSON.
October 30 to work on Dads’ Day smoker. —CABONARGI, MASON. Union Sophomores: Our committees report to the music room October 31 at 3 :46 p. m. —WOOD, CABONARGI.
Union SophomorCs: Our committees report to the Memorial Union ballroom-' October 31 at 4:30 p. m, —CABONARGI, MASON.
Music Room: The music room radio will be tuned to the Philharmonic Orchestra program on October 31 at 2 p. m. All students are invited to listen. —WOOD.
WAA Cabin Leadership Course: First aid meeting will be held November 3, 7 :16 p.m. at the Women’s Gym. i —SWICK.
PIA: Advanced dancing class meet in the ballroom at 4 p m instead of 7 :30 on November 1. —CLYMER.
Purdue Sportswomen: Meeting October 31 at 8 a. m. at Miss Russell’s home. —TUBBS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Debris pictures, November 9, 7:65 p. m , tower room of the Union Building. —RASDELL.
Zouave Squad: All members report to the Union Building at 7 p. m. October 30. —VANDERFORD.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of all pledges November 2, at 7:30 p m in the Armory —AULL
Animal Husbandry Club: Meeting November 2, at 7:30 p. m in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. —GOBBLE
Christian Foundation Stqdents: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Ushers and Police: All students who ush- Union Sophomores: All available workered and policed at the Carnegie Tech con- ers leport to the Union ballroom at 7 p. m.
Knitting Club: Contestants can get their knitted aiticles from the Union check rooms October 30 —WOOD.
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Jewelry — R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, . but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office — Photography Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Cond^ Glcxtz's Conlectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Shoe Repair —• BQSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairlnr Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Florist Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 54S2
— Dine
JLudu^ DINE * DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Co-ed Fencing: Meet on November 1 at 4 p m. in Women’s Gym. —DANIEL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room F of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. November 2. —WINTER.
ASME: Group picture for the 1938 Debris will be taken November 2, at 7 :40 p. m. in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. All members are requested to be present —WOLVERTON.
PIA Orchestra: Practice October 31 from 2 to 4 in tower room of Memorial Union Building. —SHINN.
Here's where “Dads” agree! That there is no better deaning than Crown Cteaning. Every measure is taken to see that Crown customers are given the utmost in Cteaning Service. Att woot garments moth proofeci by the MONtTE mothproof process--no extra charge.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
FLY The new Cub has arrived. Come out and fly it. Learn to fly while in school, at lower rate, by competent instructor. Take your Dad to see Purdue from the air in the Stinson tri-motor. Remember, it is heated—^Why not fly to Madison to see the Purdue-Wisconsin game? Purdue University Airport Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee, Phone 41641
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
) Percent Discount On att taundry brought in and catted for at our West Lafayette office, 132 Vine Sf. if you prefer pick-up and delivery, catt 30S5. AMERICAN LAUNDRY
SHOW DAD THE TOWN This is the day to be host to Dad. An indirect way to §how your appreciation for what he has done for you. Show him a good time. Show him the town. i The Lafayette Street Railway is at your service. Ride the street cars. It is a sure way to arrive safely. A sure way to avoid those "big time" traffic jams. Show Dad the town via Lafayette Street Railway. He'll appreciate the service and economy. The Lafayette Street Railway
PATRONIZE THE PURDUE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS ! !
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
I'LL SAVE YOU AS MUCH AS $100 ON PURCHASE PRICE ALONE
I KEEP FOODS FRESHER...you CAN HAVE ICE CUBES IN 5 MINUTES!
Don’t let Coolerator’s low price fool you into thinking it is a small refrigerator. It is big, modern and beautiful. Air conditioned to keep foods fresher—Coolerator uses ice in a new way so that one filling lasts ordinarily from 4 to 7 days.
If you would like to save as much as $100, tty a Cbolerator in your home 10 DAYS FREE— and decide if it isn’t everything and more than you will ever want in a refrigerator— at an amazingly low price.
FULL
FAMILY SIZE
ONLY
Other Models as
Low as
^*^”"*"*^^”*****^*^^^^1 $39.75 ingly low price. Co^Iemtor
THE
REFRICERATOR
LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. 4th & Salem Sts. Phone 5078
110 VINE ST. West Lafayette 501 MAIN ST. In the Lahr House 910 KOSSUTH ST. 1616 EAST MAIN at Five Points 1301 NORTH 14th ST. Two Blocks North of St. Elizabeth Hosp^l
<1