./ X
*5
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
Lafayette* Indiana
SATURDAY
June 3, 1939
Vol. 50
No. 197
Faculty Poll Shows 47% Favor Abolishing; Exams II 41 > r 1 Sixty Percent Dissatisfied ~ “ Hdll AnnOUnCGS ExtGnSIVC yyifiy present Exam System Dr. Elliott Will Preside At
Commencement June II The largest class in the history of Purdue University will be graduated at the 65th annual commencement exercises to be held at 3 o’clock Sunday, June 11, in the Fieldhouse. Upwards of 1,100 persons will be counted as members of the class, including nearly 900 who are candidates for degrees at the close of the present semester, 101 who received their degrees last August and 65 who were graduated at the close of the last semester
in January.
Summer Social Program Students who attend the twenty-seventh annual summer session, June 15-August 12, will be provided with a wide variety of entertainment and recreational opportunities, according to the complete program announced today by Vrof. 0. F. Hall, chairman of the committee on summer session convocations,
social and recreational activities.
Summer social program will be launched with a free recep-tion-mixer in the Memorial Union building on Friday evening, June 16, at which all students and faculty members will be guests of the Union. Other mixers are definitely scheduled for June 30 and July 14, while the Summer Session Prom on July 28
will climax the social season.
Science School Announces New Co-ed Curriculum School of Science announces a new curriculum for a selected group of 40 women students to 'be offered beginning next September. The course of study is designed for students of exceptional ability who are interested in obtaining a background in the sciences, but who do not expect to do professional scientific work after their undergraduate education. High Standards Students for the new courses will be selected only on recommendation of their high school principal and after personal interviews. During the freshman and sophomore years new survey courses in the sciences, expected to give a broad, cultural background in sciences, will be offered. Further information regarding the course may be obtained from Dr. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women. Faculty committee which has been planning this new course was composed of Prof. Helen Hazelton, chairman; Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz, Professors Ruth Houghton, C. F. Gobble, J. A. Es^, Amy Bloye, Russell Greenley and Miss Helen Schleman. Irvan Maury Will Play For Final Mixer Tonight Irvan Maury and his band, with Darlene Mahns as featured singer, will play for the last mixer of the regular ’38-’39 school year tonight in the Union ballroom. Regular mixer prices will hold, with dance music being played from 9 to 12 p. m. Irv Given, leader, and the band have a full summer engagement at the Palais Royal in South Bend, besides having played in many schools and ballrooms around this part of the country.
Outstanding program of musical events will get under way on Sat^ urday night, June 17, with the finals of the Indiana Music Festival at which Edith Mason, leading soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Company, will be the guest singer. Winners in the various classifications of the Indiana Festival will represent the state at the Chicagoland Music Festival later in the summer. The first “outdoor sing” of the summer will be held in the stadium on June 28, with the second to be held on July 19. Judging from their popularity in the past, the “outdoor sings” will each attract well over 5,000 people. Other musical features will include a cantata to be given on July 2 at the close of the music leadership school, and a program of sacred music at a religious convocation on Sunday evening, June 25, to be addressed by Dr. Henry Hitt Crane, pastor of the Central Methodist Chuich, Detroit, Mich. For those with a dramatic interest, out(|[oor plays will be staged in the stadium on July 12 and August 2. Among the other features will be a picnic for summer session students at Turkey Run State Park on Saturday, June 24, and the summer session banquet on Thursday evening, July 13, which will be addressed by Charles H. Newcomb, professional humorist and news commentator. “Games on the Green” Plans have also been made to stage “Games on the Green,” informal recreational play periods under the direction of Prof. Helen Hazleton, of the department of physical education for women, and Prof. M. L. Clevett, of the division of physical education for men, on four evenings during the summer session. The “Gam^es on the Green,” to be held from 6:30 o’clock to 8 o’clock, have been scheduled for June 29, July 6, July 20, and August 3. In addition to the formally scheduled program of events, the facilities of both the Memorial Gymnasium and the Men’s Gymnasium, including the swimming pools, will be available to the student bo^ throughout the summer session.
Housemothers From American, Foreign Colleges To Attend First Training School
Housemothers fi'om American and foreign colleges will come to Purdue this summer from June 19 to July 14 for the first training school for housemothers in college histoiy. Eighty-six housemothers have enrolled for the school. Enrollment includes housemothers from Beta Theta Pi at Lincoln, Neb., Sigma Nu at Arkansas, Tri Delt at Butler, Chi Omega at Kansas, and housemothers from Tennessee, Ohio, Nevada, Oregon, Missouri, and Ontario, Canada. The training school is under the sponsorship of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology, Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, in charge.
Forty-seven per cent of the University faculty, polled in an all-campus faculty survey last week, are in favor of the elimination of final examinations. Nearly sixty per cent of them are dissatisfied with the presnt system of conducting finals. These results, which show a gTeat divergence of opinion, were gathered from questionnaires which werg returned which had suggested five plans alternative to the system now being used by the University. Out of 400 questionnaires sent out, approximately one-half were returned. Final Percentage Results The questions and percentage answers were as follows: (1) Do you think that an oral quiz by a board of instructors in each department should be substituted for the present written finals wherever the size of the department permits. Yes, 14.8 per cent; No, 85.2 per cent. (2) Should tests during the year be entirely eliminated and class attendance be made optional with the pupil being allowed to take the final, written or oral, at any time he feels he has satisfactorily learned the required work? Yes, 5.7 per cent; No, 94.3 per cent. (3) Should final examinations be entirely eliminated and the semester grade be determined entirely by class work plus a series of tests to be given at regular periods during the semester? Yes, 47.3 per cent; No,
52.7 per cent.
(4) Should the semester grade be determined by an average taken from daily quizes, entirely eliminating finals? Yes, 14.8 per cent; No. 85.2
per cent. i
(5) Should the present system be continued with a change from letter to numerical grades? Yes, 9 per cent; No, 91 per cent. (6) Do you favor the continuance of the present system without alteration? Yes, 40.5 per cent; No. 59.5 per cent. Although the second question received the smallest number of affirmative answers, a good many of the instructors believe that it would be a good idea for graduate students. A typical answer was: “The placing of all the responsibility on the student would be impractical; however, graduate students should be allowed to gauge the speed at which they wish to complete a course, and for them this would be a good plan.”
Not Worth It
Reasons that were given in favor of discontinuing the final examinations were: “Purdue had no finals for 40 years. The cost in time and emotional strain is away beyond their value.” (Wednesday afternoon Indiana State Teachers College, Terre Haute, abolished final exams on the ground that they degenerated into a mere memory exercise of factual data.) What Do You Know? On the other side of the question were those^ho believe that: “The student should not be graded on what he dogs during the semester, but on what he knows at the end of that semester and what he has gotten out of the course. Finals are the only means of getting this data. It is my opinion that 90 per cent of the value of any examination lies in its use as a teaching tool. Finals give the student the chance to review and correlate the course as a whole.” As was pointed out in one letter, however, the various departments already have the power in effect to eliminate finals if they so wish by merely raising the number of exemptions so as to make the final J;he exception rather than the rule. Would Change Time Several instructors stated that they would eliminate the final examination period, but would give tests during the last two regular class periods. This, however, while it would undoubtedly be easier d?i the instructor, would probably entail a physical and mental impossibility in studying for those students who had five or six different subjects in those last few days. To the suggestion that an oral final be substituted for the present written ones, the following comments were received: “Oral exams were tried with graduate students in language subjects, but were abandoned because the student could not do his best because of nervousness. The ununiformity of exams was unfair. The tests also required too much time on the part of the instructors, and no permanent record of them could be made.” However, one instructor pointed to Francis Bacon’s idea, “Speaking makes for the ready man.” Letter or Number Grades? The question of whether the semester grades should be changed from letter to number grades was considered immaterial by many, and those who did express an opinion were overwhelmingly in favor of the present
systeni^
Dissatisfaction with the present system was expressed by a large majority, although for many different reasons. Trend Is Toward Abolishing Finals It is interesting to note that a similar 'poll taken by the Student Senate revealed that only 27 per cent of the faculty wished to do away with finart examinations. This would seem to indicated that a definite trend away from finals is taking place in faculty opinion.
Housemothers will live in the South Hall during their stay at Purdue. Meals will be served to the housemothers in South Hall, and also to summer session students living in North Hall. Mrs. Lean MacDougle, housemother at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house at Purdue, will serve as hostess for the housemothers living in the South Hall, and also will be in charge of the social program for the training school. On Monday, June 26, the school will sponsor a tea for housemothers. Dr. Gale Gilbreth, only woman member of the board of directors for the University, will be the honored guest at the tea.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Eugene Kiser, Indianapolis; John Krieger. Willow Springs, 111.; Richard E. Kentner, North Tonowanda, N. Y.; Ten ell W. Dawkins, Memphis, Tenn.; and Bradley Ballard, Detroit, Mich., and the election of Archie D. Steele, house manager.
In line with a policy inaugurated by President E. C. Elliott several years ago, there will be no commencement address. Dr. Elliott himself taking only a few minutes for a final word to the graduates, with bis message printed as part of the new style diploma adopted here some years ago. Baccalaureate exercises were held Sunday, May 7, when Dr. Alan Valentine, president of the University of Rochester, Rochester, N. Y., was the speaker. The two winners of the annual Best Teacher Award and the Leather Medal Award, for the staff member who does the most for the University during the year, which were won by Prof. Siebert Fairman of the Department of Applied Mechanics and R. B. Stewait, Controller of the University, respectively, will also be presented at t?ie commencement. The awards are made annually by the Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary at Purdue. Fairman is a professor of Mechanics at Purdue. CAA May Be Expanded Students who would enroll in the CAA private flying training course, if and when passed by Congress, are requested by Purdue Research Foundation Director J. Stanley Meikle to leave their names at his (^ce in the Executive building. If the proposed measure is passed, which woud enroll 15,000 student pilots in the United States, these students will be notified by mail. ‘ Course arrangements should be completed this summer, if Washington passes the measure. News Flash Birkenhead, England, June 3— TheAdmirality announced that divers had heard faint tappings inside the hull of the Submarine Thetis and that rescue efforts would be continued despite abandonment of all hope by builders of the submarine. Builders estimated that the air supply would have been completely exhausted when the tappings were heard and have abandoned all hope of rescuing the 90 men who are trapped on board.
Sports Program To Feature Swimming An extensive program of swimming, under the direction of Miss Marjorie Case, will be the main feature of the sports program for women in the University this summer. The following is the schedule for afternoon swimming: 2 o’clock, instruction in swimming for credit; 4 o’clock, swimming for faculty wives and clerical staff; 4:45 o’clock, mixed swim. A regular ticket will be issued to townspeople for 4 dollars, or a single swim at 25 cents. A lO cent service fee will be charged men and women students to cover cost of furnishing suits and towels. Committee Approves Eleven Fellowships Special committee on the selection of research projects under the Purdue Research Foundation met in the Board of Trustees room of the Executive Building yesterday and approved 11 “XR” research fellowships for graduates, valued at $10,000. The fellowships will be divided as follows: two agricultural, one chemical engineering, one civil engineering, one education and applied psychology, one mechanical engineering, one organic chenaistry, two physical chemistry, one physics, and one biology. Holders of these fellowships have not been fully decided upon. Also meeting with the committee, which is composed of J. K. Lilly, chairman; G. Stanley Meikle, and David Ross, were Dr. Elliott and the graduate council committee under Dean R. G. Dukes. Special Faculty... . . . meeting will be held on Thursday, June 8, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. All faculty members are expected to attend this meeting. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
35 Best Prints Form Collegiate Digest’s Traveling Exhibit On Display In Union
Editor’s Note: This is the first in a series of all-campus polls;a series which will be continued next fall by the Exponent. These polls will deal severally with one subject of interest—campus, national, or international. Both students and faculty members will be polled. The poll reported today was restricted to members of the faculty in the belief that, considering the subject, they should be better informed. Kappa Delta Rho... Marshall Welch...
. . . Taylor University student, was recently selected to fill a part time assistantship teaching position in the University Chemistry department next year. He will work on his master’s degree while at the University; Welch will graduate Magna Cum Laude at the Taylor Commencement exercises Tuesday.
Featuring photogi-aphs taken by college students all over the United States, Collegiate Digest’s exhibit of portraits, landscapes and trick shots is now on review in the upstaiis corridor of the Union building. “Sylvan Serenity,” by Robert Buckles, Purdue student, is displayed conspicuously with another shot “Portrait on Relief” also by Buckles, a cameo portrait of a girl. Another porti’ait showing every freckle and pore on the face of a football player, “Gridiron Warrior” by Julian E. Agoos of Harvai'd, gives the spectator a view of the face behind the helmet that is not often seen. All types of people and things are on exhibit ranging from “Captain Jack” by J, V. Noble of Penn-
sylvania, a sea picture, to “County Harmony” by J. R. Vandell of Massachusetts State, picturing three hick student farmers vocalizing. Student activity in the lab is demonstrated by two portraits, “Spark Arcs” by Minnesota student Kenneth Sigford, and “Experiment” by E. M. Stokes of Alabama Poly, a self-portrait doing a chem experiment using elaborate equipment. The dregs of city life are opened up' and shown in “Harlem Tenements” by Jack Mendelsohn of C, C. N. Y., a photo taken in a typical backyard showing Negro children playing in the dust and dirt heaps. An exhibition of the abilities of students is something to see, especially when theyhre prize winners.Ml
^dibfdaL
h, ‘.sTMih’
THE FUBDTIE EXPONENT
3»SUXiuJULlL
Saturday, June 3, 1939
Vi
Over 20 Students... ... are in Lafayette hospitals for some reason or other today, and we suspect most of them are worried about final examinations. Several/ thousand more students are also worrying about finals, but at least are not in the hospital ... yet. It is the first group with which we are most concerned at the present time. Under present conditions, some of these students may be expected to take their finals next fall, after they have left the hospital and the regular school year starts again. With cooperation of the Dean of Men, Student Health Service, and instructors involved, it would seem that those students who have been in the hospital only a short time could receive grades without taking their finals at such a far-distant date. This would hold tnie at least in cases where hour tests and dailys form sufficient basis for giving a semester grade without the regular final examination. Instructors do not like to give I grades and make-up examinations any more than students like to take them. While jiving a semester grade without the final might be impossible in some cases, and not within the instructor’s power, such action could be made legal by Executive Committee action, or at a regular meeting of the University faculty.
Many students who are able to find fairpaying jobs this summer can well afford to work. Summer school registration will be June 15, however, for those students who cannot secure jobs or who would take extra courses. The Summer session also provides opportunities for recreation which are not available during the winter session, besides offering a cheap way to get ahead scholastically.
Purdue Exponent Entered m aecond elnaa matter at the post offlea la Lafajette, Indiana, under the aet of Consress of March 8, 1878, and at the speetal rata of poetace provided tor in section 1108, aet of Oetober 8, 1017, antborhKd JTanu. ary 20. 1822. Published dally exeapt Monday durlntf the resnlar aeademle year and weekly dnrlns ttie Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 p«r year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board H. E. Inriey ,.....Edltor-ln-CMef W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick .Managing Editor R. Jenkins Sports Editor E. M. Antoninl Senior Advertidbng Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor Junior Staff Editorial Bnsinees Sports R. F. DeHoog R. Fisher g. D. Marquis M. M. Richards D. K. Heiple A, Hite Co-ed McKee M. Haz^eyer jj. Bnrtsfield G. Carroll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. g. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director ,
Editorial 4005
PHONES ^ Sports n92
Business 5038
RSFRK8BNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College PubUibers Represeate/ive AZO Madison Avb. New York, n. Y. CniCASO ' BOSTOR ■ Los ASeSLW - SAR rRARCieCO This ’ newspaper la written, edited, and pnbtlsbsd by nndergraduato stadents of Purdue University. All opiui. ions in it, unless otherwkw aesreditsd, ars stolen! opinions, and do not nseessarlly eoinsids with the offielal University vlewiioint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—DeHoog Issue Editor—Smith Saturday, June 3, 1939
It was a cozy 500 mile race Tuesday at the Indianapolis Speedway, aside from the fatal accident and Meyer’s tough luck. In the pprace parade, however, we saw a rather insignificent drum labeled “Indiana University.”
Why not write Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker about having our mighty truck-carried Purdue drum and a few boys down there next year. Band Director Spots Emrick? We have a number if fraternity and sorority group copper cuts, which were given us by the Debris staff. Officers may have them for chapter publications or other use by calling at our office.
Exam Schedules
Period 9 Satui'day, June 3, 8-11 A. M. Coure and Divisions Room Agr 132—All - * AH 108—All AE 202 AM 1—E-I * am 2—B Pur 304 B 142—All SC 14 ChE 127—All - Heav 202 ChE 226c—All * Chem 2—AG-AO Ed 101 Chem 30—B EE 129 Chem 105—All - .FHG 106 Chem 120—All * C&T 129—All - - * DH 8—All Sm 112 Econ 1—A , —• Econ 112—All „....EE 360 Econ 128—All * Econ 136—All * Ed 35—All * EE 7—All — - * yingl 8—D Ed 208 Engl 3—XD Ed 13
Engl 132—All .... GB 12—G,H GE 104—B Gov 9—B Hist 3—A-C Hist. 16—A Hist 107—A HA 8—All Hort 26—All IM 36—All . Math 1—A,B,XA . Math 2—A-G Math 3—C.D.XC . Math 11—B,XB,H . Math 118—All Math 120—All Math 222—B ME 70—A,B ME 70—C ME 70—D-F ME 103—D ME 103—E ME 103—F ME 121—All Met 106—A Met 109—B Phar 26—All PE 34—All
ME 101 EE 254 SC 211 Chem 320 Chem 106 CE 201 Hort 112 HE 100
..JdE 108 ME 3 ME 207 G 101 !mE 103
Phar 311
PEW 92—All ChemAn 129 Psy 1—A * Soc 177—All Phys 202 speh 14—v,w,y * Speh 14—X Univ 211 Speh 14—Z Univ 302 Speh 16—A,B * Speh 60—All * Speh 116—A.XA * Period 10 Saturday, June 3, 1-4 P. M. AD 50—All * AE 130—All
AH 21—All Ag 118 AH 118—All - * ChE 129—A : Heav 202 ChE 142—All * Chem 1—F,G ,.Ed 101 Chem 24—All „.Ed 101 Chem 126—All Chem 220 Chem 201b—All Chem 220 CE 23—All CE 101 CE 103—All CE 201 CE 228—All CE 108 DH 10—All * DH 114—All * Econ 1—B,C EE 2B4 Econ 12—K JBE 264 Econ 120—All Chem 106 Econ 124—All Chem 820 EE 17—All EE 129 Engl 19—A ME 3 Engl 19—B ME 108 Engl 27—A SC 14 Engl 27—XA * Bnt 32—All Ag 108 FMgt 106—All J. Hort 801 For 29—All For 31—All * GE 12—I.J * GE 35—Y ( G 101 GE 101—All - * GE 110—A ME 207 Gov 10—Tues 10 SC 211, ME 108 Hist 16—C * Hist 107—C * Hist 117—All * HA 14a—All - * MM 18—All - • Math 1—C,D * Math 2—I-P * ME 202—All ME 114 ME 244—All ME 101 Met 222—All Heav 108 ML 46—All • ML 130a—All —* PhC 2—All * Pahr 34—All * Foul 108—All * Psy 160—All — * Psy 174—All * Soc 76—C Ed 201 Soc 178—A CE 808 Speh 14—A * Speh 14—XA Univ 201 Speh 14—B * Speh 14—C Univ 102 Speh 142—All Univ 101 Period 11 Monday, June 5, 8-11 A. M. Course and Divisions Room AH 116—All ♦ AM 1—J.KJSr-Q, * AM 1—L - ME 3 AM 1—M ME 101 AM 2—C,F EE 254 AM 2—D,E * B 2—Fri 8 SC 211, CE 201 B 119—All SC 12, 14 B 162—All SC 114 ChE 242—All - * Chem 2—Y,Z,AA-AE Ed 101 CE 164—All * C&T 23—All HE 108, 109 Econ 11—A Chem 320 Econ 11—E ChenoAn 233 Econ 11—F Chem 106 Econ 12—F .Ed 201 Econ 12—G JdE 103 EE 22—All EE 129 Engl 3—F Ed 13 Engl 3—K -Hd 208 Engl 118—B Rec 313 Ent 106—All Ag 103 For 113—All * F&N 132—All * GE 12—C.D * GE 36—W G 101 GE 110—C ME 207, 209 Math 1—I.J * Math 2—AG-AN * Math 116—All Rec 219 ME 30—A-E ME 301-312 Met 1—All Phys 202 Phar 36—All PE 2L—A FHG 106, 106 ' Period 12 Monday, June 5, 1-4 P. M. Course and Divisions Room AD 51—A,C-E -SC 211 (Continued on page 4)
Air Conditioned Cool
NEW
STARTS SUNDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
The Saga of Amerca’s Dirty Faced Kids . .. And the Breaks That Life Won’t Give Them! ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES — WITH — JAMES CAGNEY—PAT O’BRIEN Humphrey Bogart — The ’’Dead End” Kids
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30 ’’Star Reporter”
— Plus — He’d Trade a Kiss for a Headline Anytime!
STAR REPORTER with MARSHA HUNT —WARREN HULL
SHOCK I
Confessions of a
EDW. G. ROBINSON FRANCIS LEOERER • Paul Lukas George Sanders • Henry O’Neill
5 BIG DAYS Starting Today MARS
LUMA
DOUBLE FEATURE —SUN.-MON.—
A dark horse becomes a blonde mayor!
‘ioEchy mns ■fotTHamr
with GLENDA FARRELL BARTON MacLANE
ITS A FIRST RUN HIT!
FREORIC MARCH JOAN RENNEH TfiJkOl NffJlllS
— LAST TIMES TODAY— BRUCE CABOT RAY ROGERS
'MYSTERY OF THE WHITE ROOM"
"COME ON RANGERS"
YOU’LL GET /I^BANG OUT (if BING!
— LAST daymickey ROONEY LEWIS STONE — in — ’THE HARDYS RIDE HIGH’
EXTRA—POPEYE Starts Tomorrow
L 11-
“We certainly save money on a budget—it takes so long to get the accounts straight we never have time to go anywhere!”
HAYS JEWELRY CO. i:ast side of squake FINE JEWELBY AT MODERATE PRICES
Cold Candy Bars—
DAD’S
We are making every efforf to supply you with
PLACE
candy bars that won't be sticky when you un-
So
wrap them.
Handy
90 Days Sales Work Can Produce $300 to $1,000 -COMMISSIONThe FROSTEE SNO BALL CO., originators and world’s only Manufacturers of Illuminating Sno Bails used for Christmas tree ornaments and Synthetic Sno in Blocks widely used for Summer Window Displays, is effecting a country wide sale expansion and is arranging an especially interesting and profitable proposition for College Students to solicit orders from merchants around their home communities during vacation period. If interested write immediately, giving both home and college address. FROSTEE SNO BALL CO.
1740 N. Kolmar Ave.
CHICAGO
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Booktferet
• Professional
"DEAC" Everythtno ter ■ Colleg* Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Virw West Lafayctt* Phone 4965
• Jewelen
• Locksmith
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dssk locks, Neht IsAehos omI pedtoolw. Auto ksys • spocMty. Meyclss^ aetoBsorios and rspoirtna. MULHAUPT'S 20f-l 1 N. Sth St. Hmmm mm
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
a Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowara Main at 7lh Phena MM!> r
Stthirdciy, jfvme 1. 1939 Riveter Trackmen Beat Four Purdue Records Marked* by 'a definite renaissance in track interest among Boilermaker fans and a real upswing in the quality of track performances, the 1938-1939 season saw the eclipse of four Purdue track records as the Riveters strove to put Purdue on an equal footing with the other members of the Western Conference. /
Speedy “Red” Shacldeton, newlyelected captain of the Boilermaker track squad, made the first new record in the Illinois meet early in the outdoor season He traveled the 440 in 49 5 seconds to cast the previous record of 50.2 made by Crossman in 1933, into discard. Steve Gutting tied one Purdue record and broke another to climax his final year of competition Competing against Butler in the Fieldhouse he ran the 60 yard high hurdles in 7 4 to tie the mark made by Ken Sandbach in 1934 and equal the world’s record At the state meet he bettered Sandbach’s record of 14 8 in the 120 yard low hurdles with a time of 14 3. Jake Weber, sophomore field star, put the shot 48 feet and one-fourth inch in the Illinois meet to beat Ed Skoronski’s 1935 mark by two feet Ed Holderman, ace sophomore miler, turned in the best time that a Boilermaker has ever had in an ofiicial mile when he won that event at the Cotton Carnival in Memphis in 4 16 9 The previous record was held jointly by Martin and Mooie with 4 20.4
P H O N E 2 0 0 0
SERVICE!
That’s one of the vital points that has built our business. LINEIV, when you want it, on a Rental Basis.
WHY BUY • . WE SUPPLY
60% Trade 60% 50% Cash 50% USED BOOKS $ We will pay 50% cash or 60% in trade for books in good condition, to be used next September. Regular discount on all others. $ SOUTHWORTH'S m THE VILLAGE
THE FUBDUE
SpOiid.
EXPONEiU
Hoffer, Marshall To Lead Golf Squad Although Capt John David, veteran Boilermaker captain, is leaving the squad at graduation time, the Purdue golf squad will be ably captained by co-captams Bob Hoffer and Tom Marshall through the 1940 spring golf season. This year’s squad won six dual matches and lost one during their early spring sports season Two weeks ago, the Boilermakers came out a close second behind Notre Dame in the Indiana meet. Capt. David won the individual title, I breaking the state record in the at- ^ tempt Last week, the Riveter linksmen had a couple of tough breaks and came in tied for seventh in the Big Ten competition at Chicago Tom Marshall is an Indiana boy living at Culver, while Bob Hoffer IS a home town boy from West Lafayette. David IS from Indianapolis.
Hawkeyes Blank Badgers, 8-0; Win Big Ten Pennant Finishing their almost perfect record in Big Ten baseball circles, the Iowa Hawkeyes defeated the Wisconsin nine yesterday, 8-0 The Hawkeyes won nine games and lost two in their successful bid for the conference pennant. When the Boilermaker grip on the first position in the league standings relaxed in midseason, the Hawkeyes stepped in and held the lead through the rest of the schedule. If the Iowa team had been defeated by the Badgers yesterday, they would have had to be content with only a piece of the title, since Indiana was just behind them. The Hoosiers won seven and lost three Big Ten games to take the runnerup position First of the Hawkeye defeats was at the hands of a determined Boilermaker team in the opening game of the season at Iowa City Sophomore Bob Bailey limited the Hawkeye sluggers to three hits and one run. Three IM Champions Crowned This Week Three new champions were crowned in four events this week as the intramural season drew to a close Raymond Lucht added two new tennis crowns to his laurels when he defeated Harry Deutman 6 3, 6-4, in the finals of the freshman tennis tournament, and yesterday w^t on to defeat Murphy 6-2, 6 4, for the Ward championship. The Sigma Chi’s won the class “B” doubles to complete their sweep of this spring’s tenms crowns They had previously won the class “A” doubles and Harry Deutman, Sig Chi freshman, had annexed the allcampus singles championship Jack Jervis won the all-campus golf crown when he defeated Ard Evers in the finals of the tournament.
Riveter Sports Teams Hit By Graduation Of 67 Senior Lettermen Graduating seniors will draw heavily on Ptirdue’s athletic squad Commencement Day when 67 seniors close their college sports careers. Football coaches will bemoan the loss of 16 lettermen while the baseball squad will be thinned by 14 major lettern^en Basketball will lose nine and track eleven. Major football loss will be Joe Mihal of Gary who also won a major in basketball and a minor in baseball Mihal was named the most valuable player on the grid squad last year. Basketball and baseball star, Tom Dickinson, will be missed in his dual capacity He was named most valuable player on Dutch Fehring’s nine Gene Anderson, basketball captain. Art Bodeau, tiack captain, and John David, golf captain, wil^ be missed by their squads Other Riveter stars who made a name for themselves in the Big Ten sports world, and who now graduate are Ross Dean, baseball and basketball, William Vergane, football and track, James Lyboult, basketball and baseball, Richard Ainslie, football and baseball, Alden Knapp, track and cross-country, Raymond Marozick with the same sports, Dave Blitz and T O Jackson, tennis and squash, Charles Mann, tennis and football, and Nate Poulos, football and baseball Merritt, Shaffer Win Highest WAA Award Honored for their outstanding leadership in the Women’s Athletic Association, Kathryn Merritt and Janette Shaffer were recently presented with the highest award offered by the organization, a brown leather skin with the University seal. In addition to leadership, the
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
FRATERNITY - SORORITY HOUSE MANAGERS
Summer Prices on Cool Are in Effect NOW
Get Our Estimate Firstl
North Star Coal 308 Brown Street
Co. Phone 2405
Simply GraiK^!
So good you have to pinch yourself to know you're not dreaming . . . when you eat a piece of delicious cake ipade as only Graves know how. Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
All-Star Board Selects Honor Baseball Squad Terminating its year’s activities, the all-star board met yesterday and picked the intramural all-star baseball team composed of fifteen men picked from fraternity and ward baseball teams.
The player receiving the most attention was E S Brogue, the pitcher for the fraternity champion Alpha Gamma Rho nine. The leading ward hurler was Rechenbach, of Ward lOX Jim Welsch’s great defensive catching earned him a place on the team, while Conklin’s hitting awarded the Cary Hall 10 catcher a place on the honor fiifteen. In the innew and outfield departments, Bill Vergane of Theta Chi, an infielder, and W. Rectenwall of Delta Chi, an outfielder, earned the most respect from opponents Vergane’s ability to catch anything at first base that was thrown “within a block of him” made an unmiss able target for the Theta Chi infielders to throw at Rectenwall’s extra base hitting proved to be the heaviest m both leagues ALL STAR BASEBALL TEAM Pitchers E S Brogue, Alpha Gamma Rho H E Meeker, Lambda Chi Alpha C H Rechenbach, Ward lOX E S Eickelburg, Cary Hall 10 Catchers J L Welsch, Lambda Chi Alpha R H Conklin, Cary Hall 10 Infielders J J Dudzinski, Ward 2A F W Ulrich, Ward 5 A E Evers, Phi Kappa Sigma W L Vergane, Theta Chi A E Mormngstar, Beta Theta Pi Outfielders J M Hendeison, Waid lOX J Ainsworth, Alpha Gamma Rho W Rectenwall, Delta Chi W C. Stevens, Ward 7 award is based on scholarship, health, and sportsmanship In older to be eligible for this award, candidates must first win the “P” monogram given for outstanding athletic ability
Ward 10X Beats Ward 2A To Annex BaseballTitle Slugging out a 13 0 victory over Ward 2A in the finals of the mtramural baseball season last Wednesday, the Ward lOX diamondmen easily captured the independent baseball laurels It was the seventh straight victory for the winners Pitcher Reckenbach of the victors held his opponents to three scattered hits while his teammates were amassing a total of 10 safeties off a pair of Ward 2A twirlers. Reckenbach helped out his own cause by collecting two hits along with shortstop Havercamp to lead the winnei’s attack. Catcher Dick Hurd of th§^ losers made two of the thre^^ifs off Reckenbach Dr. J. E. Walters... . of the University personnel service spoke last night in the company of three other representatives of leading Indiana colleges, over WFBM The progiam was a foium discussing the prospects of the newly graduated college man for obtaining smtable employment Robert S Richey, state NYA administrator, led the discussion which was designed to piesent a fairly accu1 ate picture of the employment field in its present condition.
EVERYTHING FOR THE LAWN Lawn: Hose, Sprinklers, Mowers, Rakes and Brooms. JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
LAST DAY
RKO RADIO Laugh Hit with Ruth Doni^ Bradley Page. Ralph Feibes, Frances Mercer and-
THRILLING HISTORIC SAGA!
—ALSO— “Hawk of the Wilderness,” Serial
SUNDAY-MONDAY LETTER OF INTRODUCTION BLOCKADE
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 —NOW for pick-up.
Opportunity is at Your Door!
Are You Dressed To Open It? Suit CLEAN and WELL-Pressed? Shirts, Shoes, and Hat—^as they should he? Remember the business world does NOT accept an alibi on this matter. If you are not quite ready. Call American NOW for pick>up.
Phone 3085
Americanl Dependable Dry Cleanwe• «
AhooL (Ha,
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
TboiwiA.
Saturday, June 3, 1939 Q
i'k
Finals...
(Continued frojn page 2) AD 51—B,F,G EE 129 AD 105—All ; - * AH 148—All _....Ag 206 ChE 34—C • ChE 129—B&G —CE 201 Ch'E 226a—All * Ghem 134—A Chem 201c—All Ghem 106 Ghem 234—All Ghem 220 DH 1—A * DH 1—B,G Sm 112 Econ 1—E,F : * Econ 12—J ;... .....SG 14 Econ 119—All Econ 189—All : SG 114 Ed 17 PEW—All GhemAn 233 11 162—All EE 347 EE 246—All * Engl 8—A Heav 108 Engl 6—A - ....ME 3 Engl 6—E,F ; EE 360 Engl 10—B Univ 202 Engl 19—E ...Ed 13 Engl 19—F Ed 208 Engl 27—B ME 214. Engl 27—XB .• ME 114 Engl 31—G-H.J,M ..Ed 101 Engl 31—Q,R,U EE 264 Ent 6—All Ag 103 Ent 103—All Ag 103 FMgt 3—All Hort 210, 225, 226, 301 F&N 13--A11 • F&N 134—All i * F&N 222—All : : HE 202 GE 12—A,B : .....* GE 110—B ...ME 108, 106 Geol 103—All * Hist r20—All ;...* Hist 122—All Rec 313 IM 38—All * Math 11—I-M : * ME 31—E-G,XE .....ME 301-312 ME 93—A : me 103 ME 93—B me 101 ME 96—All ME 207 ML 61—AU -Phys 204 ML 126—All ...:. : * ML 150a—All * phc 133—All ..: * Phar 12—All ; ^ * PE 22—All * PE 44—All * PEW 60—All ...:..ChemAn 233 Phys 106—All * Phys 146—All Phys 202 Psy 1—B ....G 101 Psy 9—B : * Psy 102—All ....: .* Psy 181—All : * Soc 50—A Ed 201 Spch 14—D.E.XD ..: * Spch 14—F EE 134 Spch 16—D
Salem Vocational Group Visits University Campus Twenty-eight members of the vocational agriculture class of Salem High School spent Thursday afternoon and yesterday morning visiting the various schools and departments of the University. Thursday afternoon was devoted to a tour of the agricultural campus and the adjoining farms. Yesterday morning the group visited the soils and crops farm and the engineering schools. William Branaman, vocational teacher at Salem, accompanied the group. Prof. G. M. Frier was in charge of the tours of the University which they made.
Tau Kappa Epsilon.. . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of four students. Initiation took place last Sunday. The four initiated were: Joseph Sheetz, Lucerne; Robert Pelke, Gary; Delmar James, Crawfordsyille; and William Jessup, Goshen.
Classified Ads MISCELLANEOUS
ATTRAGTIVE double sleeping rooms in modern, private home. Phpn'e 31892.
TYPEWRITERS—AU makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main St.
Notices
Exponent Editorial Staff: The following are scheduled to work Monday, June 6: Heiiole, SldweU, Ochiltree, SkaUerup, Ruffner, JJeHoog, Heaton, and Hupp. —FRED. Women Students: There will be swimming in the Women’s Gymnasium pool at 4 p. m. every day during the flnpl examination period. The pool will' be open to co-eds only. —KNIGHT.
and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the 'schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE. Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashierts office. —HARPER.
Reamer Club: All members please leave summer addresses and date of return to campus next fall with me in PIA office. Plans for fall activities will necessitate correspondence with all members. —ARCHIBALD,
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending May 16 may_ be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive building. (6-6) —HOLLENSBE.
plans have been worked out, and the modified proposal will be presented. It is important that all interested houses be represented in order to sign agreements and to understand fall buying arrangements. Please be prompt and the meeting woa't last long. —CATTERALL.
Seniors: Get commencement announcements at Deac’s or Southworth’s imme-
Omicron Nu: Old and new members should pay their 26 cent ass^sments to me before leaving school. —MITCHELL.
Fieldhouse Gym Locker Holders: All lockr ers must be vacated arid deposits claimed not later than noon Jurie 10. —KIZER
Glee Club: Rehearsal will be Saturday, June 8, at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —COCHRUN. Freshmen: All freshmen who intend to work as sophomores on the Student Union next semester please sign the list posted in the Union office before June 8. (6-6) —BRODD. Military Students: AU those interested in purchasing copies of pictures taken by the Life photographers see Captain Wiselogel immediately. (6-6) —WISELOGEL.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the R^istrar dtu^f^g the first semester registration, September 11, 12 and 13, are requested to naake application before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous- experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. (6-6) —STONE. ASME: All members who joined the Purdue branch after February 14 will receive July to October issue of Mechanical Engineering at their home addresses in place of back issues. The following should call at my office, ME 112, for back issues due them: M. Bell, T. J. Barley, W. B. Clqrke, F. Derigler, R. O. Dirmeyer, R. H. Elliott, J. E. Hammer, W. E. Heuk, A. A. Kuzmitz, D. E. McCoy, R. C. Meleny, B. P. Senk, J. Schafer, J. K, Langfitt. —COPE.
diately.
(6-6)
-BASSE
Ward Managers: Medals are now ready at Clevett’s office. (6-6) —CLEVETT,
Catalyst Club; New initiates may receive their keys from G. A. Omohundro at 314 Fowler. (6-6) —OMOHUNDRO.
Gimlet: Get your keys at the Alpha Gamma Rho house Saturday and Sunday, June 3 and 4. —HARVEY.
Undergraduate Dames: Farewell picnic Saturday, Jurie 8, for husbands and wives at, 6 p. in. Meet at my house on Northwestern Heights. —JOHNSTON.
G. E. Il4fe—^Engineering jurawing: Students desiring to remove "C’s” and 'Ts” before the close of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Pi Tan Sigma: Picnic and election of officers will be held Saturday, June 8, at 4 p. m. at G. A. Young's lot on North Grant street. New members nmy obtain their shingles from Fred Robbins. . —HARVEY.
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers: Meeting tonight, Saturday, June 3, at y p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. Leghl details of the cooperative buying
, Mixed Swim: In 'the Women’s Gym Saturday, June 3, from 4 to 6 p. m. Co-eds-will be admitted free. A charge of ten cents will be made for men. Men are requested to bring dates. —CASE.
SPECIAL SUMMER RATES—Single and double rooms. 125 S. Grant St. Phone 31824.
FULLY INSULATED, shaded room in new home. Twin beds, inner spring mattresses, continuous hot water. Available suriimer, also next winter. 306 S. Grant.
LOST—Pair of rimless glasses in blue case. Call Widman, 8421. Reward.
All ME Drawing Students: All drawers in desks in the ME drawing rooms must be emptied by June 10, 1939, in order to allow inspection and repair during summer. Those who will need to use desks during summer zchool may obtain permission from Mr. Bolz to use special desks. Locks remaining on drawers will have to be out. Material remaining in desks after June 10 will be considered as abandoned and can not be guaranteed safe keeping. —AULT.
LOST—Black wallet containing credentials belonging to Gene Vernier. Cary Hall East. 8421.
LOST-—Blue single breasted suit coat. Label reads “Spartan.” Please call Don Terrio at 2671.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Perfex camera 2.8 ’38 model. Accessories. Phone 2896. 211 South.
Sophomore Chemical, Metallurgical Engineering: A vote of the students concerned has indicated that June 9 and 10, 1939, will be more convenient dates for the Sophomore Comprehensive Examination than those previously arranged. Since there will be no conflicts every student holding a sophomore card in this school must report for these examinations at the times and places indicated. Bring to the examination writing materials and slide rule. The possession or use of any books, tables, papers of any kind during the examination is forbidden. —BRAY.
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical.
REMEMBER DAD ON FATHER'S DAY, JUNE 18 BUY HIM A GIFT FROM
CLOTHES SHOP INC
FOR SALE—1 share in Purdue Flying' Club. Reasonably priced. Fly new 66 horsepower ship. Call J. W. Bailey. 5057.
FOR SALE—1929 Ford coach. Perfect running condition. May be seen at 445 Vine St. Call Hank Agonis. 71902.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
Decker's
JANTZENS for Women.. JANTZENS for Men.....
.$4.95 up .$2,95 up
Jantzen has created gorgeous new knitted swim suit fabrics. They are arch-flatterers in and out of the water. Lovely new textures have been developed. There is “Velva-Lure", soft and velvety. There is "Satin-Knit", rich and lustrous. "Knit-In Prints" for vibrant color and gayety. The miracle of Lastex yarn has been added for two-way stretch that molds the body in trim slim lines. To see these lovely new Jantzen Glamour Fabrics is to covet them. ’
518-20 Main St.
Decker
Phone 6477
FRATERNITIES ■4 . . and SORORITIES Now Is the Time to Repair Tin and Sheet Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of All Kinds JOHN BALKEMA Tin Shop 104 Main St. Phone 6852
Give Europe its ''Black Shirts" and "Brown Shirts"—we'll give you the "White Shirts"—sple and span every week from laundry service as modern as you can buy, yet it costs no more. Once you've tried this dependable, convenient, economical service you'll have no other.
Crown hmm F' i N E C L E A*N E R S O F F I N E C L 0 T H' E S OFFICE ATT OT" OF THE HILL
Good Luck on Your Finals
And now that- they're nearly over, you'll soon be starting out on the road for a vacation. We wish you a very pleasant time. But to insure a safe and enjoyable trip, stop in first and let us put your car in perfect running order.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048
14c
39c