\u
".''a T
L,«4
y <■ If
, ^ ^ y ,?*s ^ ^ 'ffmm T V ^ s \ % I''' -
»#fty
dhr Puriiuc TExpanenl
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVXII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1937
NUMBER 106
Revamped Net Squad Faces Indiana
Dengler To DeKver Two Convocation Lectures
To Talk Monday^ Tuesday Nights On
Play At Union \European Affai
Clinton Will
Morris To Announce For Noon Music Program In Cafeteria
Beginning Monday, Pat Clinton and his campus band will broadcast daily from the cafeteria of the Purdue Memorial Union Building from 12:15 till 12:30 p. m., with Hugh Morris doing the announcing for the program. Aside from the WBAA program, Clinton will play from 12:10 to 12:35 for the benefit of students lunching in the cafeteria.
Bollman To Give
Math Tutoring
Free consultation in mathematics will be offered to about one-half dozen interested students by Fred Bollman, who is associated with the adult educational activities. Students interested in the consultation service being offered by Bollman may make definite arrangements by meeting him in the men’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building, Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Bollman will give instructions in quick methods of computation in areas and volumes.
February 27, 1937
SOME guy at the University of Minnesota got more than he bargained for when he ran the following advertisement in the Minnesota Daily: Wanted: Girl for fraternity party Saturday. Blonde, 5 feet 5 inches, good looking, good dancer. GLAdstone 2133, “Z” . . . —30—
DEMON reporters of the Daily called GLAdstone 2133 time and time again in an attempt to get the “low-down” on Mr. Z, but the line was busy ... so newshawks contacted the girl who took the ad, but all they could learn was, “He was sorta nice looking.” But the Z-man got his girl and then some . . . —30—
WHEN he was finally reached for a statement, Mr. Z remarked that, “they kept the ’phone pretty hot. I had a hard tiine convincing some of the girls that it wasn’t a gag . They just called up to shoot the bull a while. I’m always willing to do that, of course, but I was really sincere about getting a date for the party. Everything’s fixed up now, though,” he added . . . “she’s got a car!” —30—
CO-EDS at the University of Western Ontario are threatening to use their “parking-power” if the student administrative assembly rules against wearing corsages at formal affairs. “Down With Flowers For Mademoiselle!” petitioned the men to the student assembly. But the women have countered with an “I Won’t Dance” attitude and threaten a sit-down strike. “We’d rather stay at home than attend a formal without a corsage,” they assert . . . —30—
ON January 26, this column ran a line or two about Texas Christian’s University’s “Ugliest-Man” contest. Now a new version comes to light at Hardin-Simmons University . . . the ugliest boy on the campus . . . to be decided by vote . . . can have a subsidized date with the campus’ most beautiful co-ed!
iirs
Lecturing Monday night on the subject, “Education In Europe,” Dr. Paul L. Dengler, director of the Austro-American Institute of Education, Vienna, will present another feature of the convocation series.
Tuesday night. Dr. Dengler will give another address on the subject “Danger Zones In Central Europe,” both convbcations to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall, open to the public as well as students.
Biography Born m 1886, Dr. Dengler studied humanistic subjects in an Austrian gymnasium and afterwards psychology and romanesque philology at the University of Vienna and in Grenoble, France. In 1909 he received his doctor’s degree. His life has been wholly devoted to an educational career, and in 1911 he became the first organizer of the “International Student Camps” under the official Austro-Hungarian a^^pices, establishing several such camps in‘Lausanne, Geneva, Neufchatel, and in Eastbourne, England. Lecture Experience He has had a great deal of experience addressing audiences on the European continent and Great Britten. SoJne(/^ars was, the Austrian'speaker at th^^rague' conference on “Peace Througli The School,” and in the summer of 1927 he was one of the speakers at the World Confei^ence on Education at Locarno. This is his eighth lecture tour in America.
TimeRatesPurdue~
Minnesota Game Season ^s Highlight
Purdue’s last minute win over Minnesota was the high spot of the nation’s winter sport program, according to an article appearing in the current issue of Time magazine. But after the defeat by Michigan, the Boilermakers are “apparently out of the running” in the Big Ten basketball race. Our only consolation now, says Time, is in knowing that the likely winners, Illinois and Minesota, are using variations of Figgy Lambert’s fast-break gamt..
Bookkeeping Programs Elicit Commendation
Bookkeeping course broadcasts direct from the Jefferson High School commercial department via WBAA have inspired commendatory letters ^nd telephone calls from this city and surrounding communities, according to reports from L. G. Minier, commercial instructor at that school, who originated the program. The broadcasts, which will be sup-' plemented by extra material sent out by mail, are scheduled for Tuesday and Thursday morning from 11:30 to 11:50 o’clock. The course and material are free.
Purdue Plays At Wisconsin Monday
The Boilermaker netmen will go to Madison, Wisconsin, Monday night for their final game of the season. Playing without the services of Glen Downey, outstanding guard of the conference, Purdue will be forced to the utmost in winning from the red team. A,lthough well down in the Big Ten standings, the Wisconsin team has defeated some very good teams during the season and should provide plenty of opposition.
Dr. Paul L. Dengler, director of the Austro-American Institute of Education, Vienna, who will give two lectures on the European situation.
YW To Form New Cabinet
Applications For Positions Due Before The
Spring Vacation
Members of Y. W. C. A. may apply for positions on the organization cabinet anytime before spring vacation. The applications should be given to Pat Jones, president of Y. W. C. A. or left in the officfe for her. Each applicant will be intervieired by members of the 1936-37 cabinet after her application. The new cabinet will be ^chosen finally by the new officers and the old president after spring vacation on the basis of interest and participation in the activities of the organization this year. Shortly after the new cabinet is formed. Miss Marcia Seeber, secretary of the Geneva Y. W. region of nine states will attend a meeting of the old and new cabinets to help them with plans for 1937-38. The general form of application to be used is: “I —
should like to apply
for a position on the Purdue Y. W.
C. A. cabinet of 1937-38.”
350 Couples Attend Pan-Hellenic Ball
Three hundred and fifty sorority members and their escorts danced to the music of Jimmy Garrett and his band at the annual Pan-Hellenic ball in the Memorial Union Building last night. The head of a beautiful girl silhouetted against a light blue background fianked by cylindrical columns formed the decoration theme.
Egrlham College Plans Quadrennial Festival
Earlham College will hold its quadrennial May Day celebration May 7. About 500 persons will appear in costume during the four hour program which is produced by the faculty and the students. Earlham’s May Day celebration is an authentic reproduction of the festivals held in England during the reign of Queen Elizabeth. This will be the fifteenth such performance in the history of the college.
^The Barracks’Elects Amsden As President
The Barracks, one of the earliest co-ed rooming houses to organize, announced last night the election of second semester officers. Margaret Amsden was elected president, Margaret Ida, secretary-treasurer; and Frieda Rieshers, social chairman. Eighteen ^irls live in The Barracks at 102 Andrew Place chaperoned by Mrs. 1. Lewis.
T.G. How To Talk At Graduate Forum
Graduate Forum will hold a meeting at the Wesley Foundation House at 435 State street, tomorrow at 6:30 p. m. Mr. T. G. How, instructor in the physics department, will lead a discussion on “Strikes And Property Rights.” Graduate students are invited to attend.
Ceres Awards Presented
Paarlberg, Chinn Win Cups; Medals Given To Finley, Luke
Donald Paarlberg, freshman in the agriculture school and' worker on the editorial staif of the Exponent won first prize in the freshman division of the essay contest sponsored 6y Ceres, agriculture honorary. R. H. Chinn, junior ag, won first prize in the upperclass division of the same contest. Paarlberg will receive for a year the Ceres essay cup, and Chinn will receive for the same period the Dickenson Seed Company cup. Other Honors Medals were awarded to second prize winners in both divisions, Roger Finley in the freshman division and C. R. Luke in the upperclass group. The cups and medals were presented at the first open meeting of Ceres for the semester, held last night in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Speaker of the evening. Prof. M. 0. pence, discussed “Better Pastures.” About 50 persons attended the meeting. '
Hoosier Co-eds To
Be Play Day Guests
Athletic women of sixteen Indiana colleges will be guests at the annual Play Day to be held at the University on March 13. During the day co-eds will take part in badminton, shuffleboard, ping pong, and volleyball games. There will be, however, no intercollegiate contests. Miss Elizabeth Hulsey, athletic leader from Iowa University, will speak at a luncheon, on “The Op^oitunity For Leadership Fpr Girls On Campus And In Communities.”
Howard Will Speak On Grime Tomorrow
Mr. Ralph Howard, superintendent of the Indiana State Farm at Putnamville, will speak on “Crime And Yoimg People” in the Education Building of the Presbjrterian Church at Seventh and Columbia streets, tomorrow evening at 7 p. m. The faculty, student body, and the members of other organizations have been invited to attend the address.
Thetas Lose To Chi O’s In Net Game
In the W. A. A. basketball series played last night the Chi O's defeated the Theta team 28 to 15, and Ward 2 lost to Ward 3, 34-4. Pi Phis, who were to play the Kappa team, and the Alpha Xis, who were to play the team of^Ward 1 and 4, forfeited their games.
MERIT SCHOLARSHIP HOLDERS
Special merit scholarship holders may receive refunds on deposits made last fall by presenting receipts given last fall in the cashier’s office of the Executive Building. ' —HOLLENSBB
Four Regulars WiU Be Missing From Lineup
Youngs Malaska^ Sines Benched; Downey Injured
By S. R. Griffiths, Jr.
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE Position INDIANA Zink or Hutt F . Johnson Anderson F Etnire Seward C Birr Dickinson G Gunning Mangas G Andres OFFICIALS—^Referee, Lane of Cincinnati; Umpire, Nipper, Indianapolis. .... And out of the south will come a legion ... of Indiana men grimly determined to put the somewhat frayed Boilermaker feather in their own l^bts after tonight’s battle royal at Jefferson Gym. The Boilermakers on the other hand will present a revamped lineup striving to retain its mathematical possibility of figuring in the Big Ten title distribution. All of this before a sell-out crowd of 5,000.
GAME BROADCAST
Arrangements have been completed by Director of Athletics, Noble E. Kizer, to have the last half of the game broadcast by radio station, WIND, Gary, beginning at 8:15 o’clock.
Although the Lambertmen defeated their sister Big Ten rivals handily at Bloomington in the initial game of the series, tomorrow’s renewal will find two vastly different quintets facing each other and the previous tilt provides no basis for comparison. Fechtman Out Indiana will be minus the services of Fechtman, towering center, who completed his career at the end of the first semester, as well as Huffman, who has been confined to the hospital with an attack of influenza. The Boilermaker quintet, plainly showing the effects of its rigorous schedule, will take the floor minus the services of Co-Cap|tain Glen Downey, brilliant back guard, who severely injured his shoulder in the Michigan game, as well as Jewell Young, Pat Malaska, and Johnny Sines, who will be held to the bench by Lambert because of lack of condition. Sophomores Either Dale Hutt or Harry Zink, speedy sophomores, are expected to start in Young’s post at one forward, with Gene Anderson as the running mate. Jim Seward at center; Tom Dickinson, another sophomore speedster, at floor guard, and Carrol Mangas, who will take the place pf the injured Downey at back guard, will complete the starting lineup.
Kappa Alumnae Hold Benefit Bridge Party
More than two hundred guests were entertained at a benefit bridge party by alumnae of Kappa Kappa Gamma at the new chapter house Thursday afternoon and evening. Mrs. Joseph Buskirk, Mrs. C. M. Hallam, and Mrs. Morris McCarty served tea in the afternoon, and during the evening Loma Curtis, Virginia Meguiar, and Josephine Perkins served.
IntercoUegUOe Beauty Contest Attracts Seven Big Ten Schools
Last week in Chicago, seven of the Big Ten schools wmre represented by co-eds in an intercollegiate beauty contest. Purdue, Indiana and Michigan refused to send representatives. Miss Joyce Kerr of Minnesota, carried off top hon-
PIA Broncho Busters To
Direct Play
Prospects Will Show Their Stuff This Afternoon At 1:30
Purdue Independent Association is on the lookout for a good broncho buster. They want him to direct the production of their next P. L A. Night which is to be presented Sunday evening, March 21, in the Memorial Union ballroom.
Applicants for the position will meet in the P. I. A. office in the Memorial Union at 1:30 this afternoon to show their skill in the manly art of roimding up wild bosses and in training them for the stage. The director chosen must also be able to handle all kinds of cowboys, from the drugstore type on down to the regular “cow” type, as the theme of the coming program will center around horses and cowboys. Directors Sought Directors are also being sought to make arrangements for a regular musical and dramatic program that will be presented in the Union Cafeteria every other Wednesday evening beginning March 17. Scripts from the Southworth Script Trophy Contest are to be produced on this program.
Kirk To Play For Mixer
Tonight’s mixer will feature the music of Andy Kirk, better known as the “Sultan of Syncopation,” and his famous swing band.
Dartmouth Greeks To Have An Adviser To Fraternities^*
Hanover, N. H.—(ACP)—^In an effort to give Dartmouth College’s previously doomed fraternities a hand in a readjustment process during their “trial period,” President Ernest Martin Hopkins has created the office of Adviser to Fraterraties. The fupction of the new office is to supervise the affairs of Greek letter societies and to counsel their officers in fiscal as well as social problems. National AffiUatimis Because Dartmouth fraternities, according to the report of the Committee for the Sxurvey of Social Life at Dartmouth, “failed in accomplishing the ends stated in the fraternity charters and in providing the best possible social units at Dartmouth” a move to dissolve national affiliations in favor of local dubs was started.
Alumni Proftest When the committee voted 12 to 2 for dissolution, the alumni protested. Last September President Hopkins said that national connections would be retained *Hf the interest and sense of responstluDty of the chapters can make the contribution of these chapters to the welfare of the college signifUmn^ to it, and calculated to support its own objectives.” At the suggestion of the Social Life committee. Dr. Hopkina caeeated the office of Adviser to Fraternities and appointed Dads Ji^kson ’36, he stated, because he thought one of the mc^t recent graduatea would be in the best position to he able to serve the purpose.”
Unsettled
ors.
By Tdnpy
Up
(4,
iU
1 ■« U->y ,,
(S^lbe ^urbue Exponent
PMmM in im
Ibitetvd M nneond daaa matter at the port ofOee, mail. $S.M per pears delivered hp carrier, f2.60 per year; gold by a eingle copy, t eenw.
BoeiMM Fhone SOM
OFFICBl—812 North Fifth Street
IMitorial Phone B087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BDITOItlAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman: Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
JJ. H. Morris
lMtSiL"..7k7 A.’BiraetfeXE."B^^^^^ j' m Attistantf M. Anthony, D, A. Bailey, J. A, Chapin, J.R ClnrK
L. S, Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L S^back, D. R
B. H. Eeliogg, K, B. OTieii
Bold and Black Editor J- C. Ohaver
Manasin, JCditor
Associate Sophomore
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager- - National Advertising Manager. Local Advertising Manager — Circulation Manager. - —
„.B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. MlUer J. P. Girard
Editor Associate Editors -
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood ..’Z.'.'.’..’.".’."wi a Fifieid, S. R. Griffiths, 'R» F. Obenchain
Editor Associate Editors Advertising Manager..
WOMEN»S STAFF Jeanne janousek, Doris McCartney, EUizabe^ Betiy Barnett
Issue Editor—J, A. Chapin
Long Life Expectancy For College Graduates
One of the prominent life insufance companies has done some investigation on the mortality rate among college graduates. In this study, the company prepared a table of expectancy of life which is significant. This table not only enables us to compare the college men, as a group, with the general population and with other groups, but goes beyond this in furnishing data for comparisons with in the college group itself, since separate tables have been drawn up for graduates, athletes, and men who graduate with
honors.
Of, course it is natural to expect that college graduates will have a better record of longevity, since they are a select group. They represent the best material in the country with respect to physical fitness, social, and economic standing, and the relatively sheltered occupations engaged in by them after leav-
ing college.
The material on which this study was based was the history of the life after graduation of 38,269 men graduated from eight eastern colleges in the classes of 1870 to 1905. Of this number 6,500 were “honor men.'’ Two-thirds of the total ^aduates came from Harvard, Yale, and Cornell. The remainder were from Amherst, Dartmouth, Wesleyan, and Williams. The data on athletes were drawn from the records of about 5,000 graduates of the eight eastern colleges, together with some from.Tulane University and Massachusetts Agricultural College. The most recent graduates include in the study had been at least 20 years under observation; members of the older classes for a much longer period. The period of observation extended to the middle of 1925, and, in this period, 9,640 deaths
took place among the graduates.
A study reveals among others the following facts: At the age of 22 years, which is the base from which this table starts, the group of “athletes” had an expectation of life of 45.56 years, just a trifle less than the general group of “graduates,” with an expectation of 45.71 years. A distinctly better record is made by the “honor men” who surpass the general average by just over two years, with a score of 47.73 for their expectation of life. This last figure surpasses the highest mark made in any national life table for males; the table for New Zealand 1921—1922, which holds the record for longevity, shows an expectation of 46.91 for males at age of 22, almost a year less than the “honor man.” Is this because mental and physical fitness tend to go together? Or is it because it is difficult for a man to excel in scholarship unless he is in good physical condi-
tion ? Probably both of these causes contribute.
As regards the athletes, their record possibly may come as a suiT)rise to some. So much has been said of the beneficial effects of physical exercise, that we would perhaps have expec^ ed these men to break records in longevity, as they do in their particular field. But in fact, they did not even come up to the general average of all graduates, including honor men, although there must necessarily be some degree of selection, students of relatively feeble constitution being from the very nature of things excluded from this group. In spite of this, the entire group of athletes fell below the average. A favorable indication appears when only those athletes who graduated in later years are considered separately. Their mortality is distinctly lower than of all graduates and slightly lower even than that of honor men in the classes of 1900 to 1905. This improvement is probably due to athletic subsidization which has become standard practice in recent years—Iowa State Student.
CHI O HAVING HELL WEEK . . . the actives are taking it on the chin ... pledges took walk out powder yesterday noon . . . each pledge is wearing a frat pin . . . call said house to hear a funny ditty . . . actives going nuts . . . nothing unusual . . . ALPHABET SCOOP , C—is for Co-ed, who’s cute to her ' toes, A—is for Ardent, her circle of Beaus, M—is for Monday, which gives her the blues, P—is for Pinned, over which she can muse. U—is for Uh-huh, those guys are mine, S—is for Smoothie, he falls for her line. C—is for cutie, she goes to all the dances, 0—is for OK, those pleasant little glances. E—is for Early ,to bed at the dorm, D—is for Dating, which keeps her in form.
(mesi
By Ouvx ScHATZLSY
Methodist Students—Dean Fisher will teach the men’s class at the church at 9:30. The co-ed class will meet at the same time at the Foundation House with Mrs, Thomas continuing her discussion of the W. H. M. S. textbook. Rev. Steele will preach on “The oet Chxtot” at the regular morning church services at 10:40. Miss Arlowene Stiver and William Keenan will give a book review of E. Stanley Jones' book “Victorious Living” at the Epworth League service at the church at 6:30. The Wesley Players are presenting their three act play of this sep, “The Rock,” at Dayton this This play will be given in two weeks.
8t Students — P. T. Brown will teach the student class tomorrow morning. The morning sermon by Itev, Joseph Baird Gleason will
be “My Gospel.” Roger Williams Club social hour at 6:30 will be a surprise program with Olive Schatzley in charge. Supper at 6 p. m. Russell Carlson will lead the discussion group at 6:30,
Presbyterian Students^—* “Youth And Crime” will be the subject for discussion at the Sunday Evening Club tomorrow evening. The speaker will be Ralph Howard, superintendent of the State Penal Farm at Putnamville. Supper will be served at 6:45, at 16 cents per plate. The address will follow, at about 6:45. The Club meets in the Recreation Building of the Church, at 7th and South streets. Dr. Graves will lead the discussion in the student class at J9:30. The morning service of worship will be held at 10:46.
LIKE FRAT, LIKE DOG .... that DU hound that planks itself at the WRH can’t be dragged home . . . he parks himself in the lobby 'first the office boy drags him out—then a waiter ... he is back in next time the door opens . • . not a bad place to be . . . HITCH HIKERS BEWARE I think that I shall never see, A road that runs serenely free; Of errant knights ’neath every tree. Who jerk their calloused thumbs at me. —Laughable LAMENT. Phi Delt—Now on this ring I’d like you to engrave: “For my darling JANET.” Jeweler—Would it not be better to have simply: “For my darling?” You see, sir, it will be at least a week before we can let you have the ring.” ANOTHER PIN .. . LEE “Football guard” GRAVES got very romantic the other day and shoved his pin at MARY WOOD ... she accepted . . .
Tanksters In Diial Meet LaBree Hopes For Victory Over Ohio State Having emerged victorious three times out of six meets to date, the Boilermaker swimming squad will come up against Ohio State in a diial engagement at the Memorial Gymnasium pool this afternoon at 2:30. Greatly strengthened by the return of Whitcomb and Closson, both distance men, who have been out of competition much of the season, the mermen will be up against one of .the toughest combines in the conference. » Coach Larry Labree says that he isn’t very hopeful for a win in the swimming part of the meet but that he is pointing for a victory in water polo. The squad has been practicing this phase of the sport quite a bit lately and should put up a real fight. The team will continue its schedule again Monday night in a return engagement with DePauw who went down to a decisive defeat a few weeks ago.
GRIN AND BeaIIT
By Li^
“KISSY” PHELPS ... he was in that state . .% he went to the Sweet Shop . . . SEXSON, we mean GENEVE, decided to fix him up . , . kiss him she did . . . walk around he did . lip stick smeared over his face. VERY SUCCESSFUL ... ALPHA CHI, KAPPA, and THETA trade dinners Wednesday night . , . one example . . . “Football center” HUMPHREYS thought Alpha Chi, FRANKIE EASTBURN, had plenty of it . . . he’s trying to get a date too bad, HUMP, she’s sewed up . . . she smiles only at “SULLY” MASON ,,. . WHO—MARS—WHO In order to win the MARS PASSES for this contest—all 9 of your opinions as to who the thumb-nail sketches portray . . . your dope will have to be in by 4 Monday . . .
“It’s a good idea to play hard-to-get—for the first five minutes anyhow.'
WBAA
TODAY 11:00—Just Kids. 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Charles Powell, popular tunes. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time, Bud Bryant’s Orchestra. 12:80—News Commentator, Prof. T. K. Noss. 12 ;46—Markets, weather. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:80—St. Boniface School Band.
MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
R.
11:00—American Institution, Prof.
Phillips.
-Purdue News Flashes. -Agricultural Forum. -Luncheon Dance Time, Pat Clin-
ton’s Orchestra.
12:30—Athletic Review, Homer Allen. 12:46—Noon Musicale. i 1:46—Markets, M. G. Smith.
12:0012:16-
Episcopal Stodents-oAt the morning service, there will be sung Maunder’s Lenten Cantata “Penitence, Pardon and Peace.” In the evening at seven o’clock. Miss Jean Walker will play selections on the piano. Supper of Young Peoples’ Fellowship at 6 p. m.
Family Sunday - Monday
MAE
1/ie HILARIOUS STORY OF A rmm MOVIE STAR WHO FALLS FOR A SHY COUNTRY LAD tn^ FINEST ybUNGMAir WITH WARREN WILLIAM RANDOLPH SCOTT ALICE BRADY LYLE TALBOT —LAST DAY— William Boyd “BORDERLAND” JEANNE DANTE “FOUR DAYS WONDER”
GLORY OF LOVE
v; v\i
TUE
QARDER OFflUflfi
IN TECHNICOLOR
—LAST DAY— Will Rogers in “DOCTOR BULL” ' and James Dnnn in “MYSTERIOUS CROSSING"
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMA
Janet Roper Better Janet Roper, Hobart, freshman in the home economics school, living at the Women’s Residence Hall Annex, was reported to , be doing well following an operation for appendicitis at the St. Elizabeth hospital, Lafayette, last night.
Delta Upsilon
Delta Upsilon announces the pledging of David R. Hocker, Indianapolis.
lu BBBBB
Aid
SUNDAY THRU WEDNESDAY 2 First-Run Features THE GUSTY, RED-BLOODED ROMANTIC TALE OF A YOUNG ADVENTURER WHO ROAMED THE BROAD HIGHWAY . .. meeting all comers with his fists . . . I battling to clear his fa- ’ ther's name ... snatching I victory from the brink of defeat!
Mid-Nite Show Tonite 11:30 Pre-View Showing of Prariksf “ To Army RanksS Jvft a cowpi* of palooicot.i tried to escape one gunman and ron right Into on ormyl gSiSr’’***
ALSO NEWS
ORAND NATIONAL FICTWRE
NOTICE “We|re In The l^on Now*
will be the only picttura ehown
at the Mid-Nite Show.WW‘
m--
^ 3 ^
m
“n ^4(, fi
^14,
'l^i ^ f
•m Mi',
i> ;s i;
■ »■ 7 v/t/ <
Frosh Csige Squads T^o Play Before i. tJ. Game
^d And Green Lineups Changed tn Frotide New Hiptdry In Preliminary Competition Continuing the precendent set last week, the frosh cagers will ^ut on a battle befere the varsity game for tbe entertainment of those rooters who arrive at the Jc^erson Iffigh School
gymnasium an hour or so early.
Although the teams will still be the “Reds” and **Greens,**
the personnel of the squads is
to be change around so as to provide the fans with new rivalry for T;he fast competition. Last week the “Reds" defeated the “Greens" to the tune of 35-81 in a fast breaking fracas which should be topped in performance tonight, this being the last chance that the yearlings will have to show their goods before the poulace. The game is slated to start at 6 o’clock and will swing into action with two former high school rivals, Walkey, of West Lafayette, and Lucas, of JeflFerson, captaining the rival quintets. Walkey will head the Reds and Lucas the Greens.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Thb Risk Rental Clinic
DS. PAUL A. BISK DR. HABOLD JT. BISK DB. ROBBBT 6. BISK DB. LUVhBB a. risk
40e Schultz Bldg. Phene 6701
ARC
SUKDAT—MONDAY
—»nd— John Boles Rosalind Russell - in “CRAIG^S WIFE” —Also— ‘MARCH OF TIME”
LAST TIMES TODAY "Dangerous Waters’
‘Belly of the Secret Service’
‘‘Darkest Africa”
The probable starting lineups will
be as follows:
Reds Position Greens Rauth . . F Lucas (C) Beretta F ... .... Yeager Fisher C , Krause Walkey (C) .G IJioraas Behrens. . .. G . Thursby The reserve strength for the Red combination will include Brown and Lorenz, forwards; Nesbitt, center; and Britt and Winchell, guards, and the Green aggregation will be able to call upon Utter and Oxley, forwards; Brady, center, and Lee and
Stamm, guards.
Triton Swimmers ToCompeteTuesday
Triton Swimming Club will meet Tuesday evening, March 2, at 7 ;30. Events for the evening include 40, 160, and 220 yard races, a 60 yard relay, swimming for form, and diving. and diving. Two swimming practices are required for each contestant to be eligible for the swimming meet. Both individual and organzation scoring will be used to determine the winners. The following girls are eligible for the meet: Jane Baker, Barbara Cook, Josephine Cook, Pauline George, Roselyn Jackson, Althea Jorgeson, Mary Margaret Helm, Marion Long, Sally McDermid, Martie Mathes, Nancy Phillips, Barbara Roderick, Saxon Shewalter, Emily Tubbs, and Georgia Walker.
R L B ATM
Watch Maker
608 Main Street
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STODIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
tie #tmpuB larowsKT ■liBBBaaiBaBMBDmseaiBseMBaaBiMmSBBBasHaaBBBnBM
f y f t. * hiJ / I f 1,3. -*4 II V'
<4
OjLJSAf DOWA/eV^ Oi//tRO
Stellar guard and co-captain of the 1937 squad, Glen Downey has missed his last chance of playing against the traditional Boilermaker rivals, the Crimson squad of Indiana University. Because of a bad “tackle shoulder” received during the first few minutes of play at Ann Arbor last Monday night, Downey will finish his brilliant college ca reer on the bench.
Fencers Will Meet Army School Team
Boilermaker fencers, after losing to Notre Dame during the athletic carnival last Thursday night, will oppose the Rarttoul Training School team in Memorial Gym this after-
noon at 2:30.
The Rantoul squad, composed of officers under instruction at the Army Air School near Urbana, 111., expected to provide the Boil-
Spying Gfid Practice Will Open Monday Coaching Staff Faced Wiih Task Of Rebuilding Backfleld
ermakers with some pretty stiff opposition. Coach Finney expects to use the same men that opposed the Irish last Thursday. ^ 1
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Irs fime
SHOE ICE-SKAtES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN STREET
FUN AHEAD WITH THESE 3
Light-hearted laughter. . . light-fingered larceny as Bob Bill match wits and wise-cracks to win the heart of Joan, the girl from the "fiVe-and-dlme" who’s out to steal or marry a million! It's swell! STARTS TOMORROW
frank MORGAN Jetii* RAtPH • Nigel BRUCE — Now Installed — THE NEW WESTERN ELECTRIC MIRROPHONIC . Sound Systeih
CheptBL
—EXTRA— ‘MOTHER PLUTO’
Silljr Symphony Cartoon In Cotbr
—LAST DAY— Guy Kibbee and Alice Brady “MAMA STEPBOW^
Active reconstruction of Piurdue’s fodtball squad for the strenuonii schedule will be launched here Monday afternoon when approximately 150 aspiring Boilermaker gridders are expected to report to Coach Noble Kizer for the official opening of sprmg drill, according to a call issued last night. “We’ll have to accomplish a lot this spring if we can possibly hope to accomplish anything this fall,” was the comment of Kizer as he studied a roster which revealed that nine major lettermen, including seven who were considered regular performers on last fall’s eleven, will be lost via the graduation route this June. Graduation Losses The list of losses for which replacements must be found are headed by George Bell, rugged center; Forrest Burmeister and Lee Graves, guards: John Drake, Fred Stalcup, and Ben Medley, halfbacks, and Wayne Gift, quarterback. The Boilermaker coaching stac is faced with the problem of virtually rebuilding the backfield around Cecil Isbell, versatile triple threat
fielder’s....
....choice ■By Bob Walpolea-i^ia—
MAt, and fiudiiiir Um xaplaaetnaitto for tka tiitddla df a fmwaid wadi that will ime Chintaiir-ateet Mftrtitt SdiT^ar and dent Woltman, tacldeff, as otthstanding ratomhig veterans. Spring Championship Suffer announced that the first 2 weeks of drill will he devoted to fundantentals for the squad as a whole, following which the squad will be split into four evenly balanced teams to play a tound-robhi schedule for the “spring championship.” The spring games, inaugurated by Kizer some years ago, have not only vastly increased the interest of the gridders in drill sessions, but have gpven the coaches an oppprtun-
fa aftiirvi pcSeaesI^ ivaif
S. Jj> \
Uasibmbjimjl
A'i
mlttAte
MONDAY, MA1C8 t Court l—4Micfai, AMi 7:0A-Ward 4 vs. Ward Ifi. 7:16—Bigma Aliffia ^sihni vs. ma n (A). 8:26—Phi Kappa Sigma im. Nil (B> Court S-Oflleial^ ffntimaa 7:16—PW Kappa Psi vs, Wimaeir of (Alpha Tau Chn^ vs. Theta Chi.) court A-OffieiaL PMUtps 7:15—Phi Kappa vs. (Loser Delhi Upsllon vs. Beta 'DMita Pi).
The Athletic Carnival was lots of fun as usual . . . the usual run of events were successful as time has proven, but the interest in the “Perfect Man” contest was greater than expected . . . with the high point of the evening coming when Perfect Man No. A flinched at having his photo snapped and Perfect Man No. B slipping from his position of superior strength . . . Congratulations, “Chief,” we believe your bram-child proved O.K. . . . Let’s see, we have a ball game tonight . , . don’t be too sure of the outcoq^, either, -r^ —fc— Indiana is minus the services of their Very capable Huffman, and also Fechtman, Who, as you know, was lost by graduation... Purdue, on the other haqd, will be playing without Co-Captain Downey who has been the backbone of the Purdue defense this season ... - —fc— We nominated Jewrfl Young for All-American just a little bit too soon, we’re afraid . . . after he had dropped in 29 points against the league leaders to raise his scoring average to 16.1 points per game, it seemed a natural with only a couple of remaining games . . . —fc—. However, Minesota held the highscoring Mr. Young to 7 points, with Michigan going the Gophers two better by holding the same Mf Young to 5 points the following game ... a total of %2 points in two games as compared to a 16.1 average for eight contests. . . . —fc— Bob Kessler was named as All American his junior and senior years because he was consistently good ... so was Norm Cottom before him . . . when Young is hot, there’s nothing that can stop him, but when he is off his game, the entire Boilermaker scoring threat suffers . . . —^fc— We would like very much to see Brig bust the individual high-scor-ing record ... we would like very much to see him an All-American ... we would very much like to see Purdue clean Indiana and Wisconsin. but playing like they did in the Michigan game, we’d like to see ’em . . .
RAIN OR
SHINE
PURDUE STUDENTS READ EVERY LINE
OP TIBS EXPONENT
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayexte
We give special attention Cleaning and Pressing of Clothes.
to the Forma!
Send thenf to us now and have them ready for the coming formal events.
You will like the way we do your dress shirts too.
Call 3085 or take them to our West Side office.
American Laundry
WHERE
WILL SHE STAY
?
Will It be where her visit to Purdue will end with many compliments for your clever consideration? Where modern rooms, good service and a smart address offer the most enjoyable surroundings? Then make your choice what her choice would be.
\X,nlan CmIhI
in the
,—.41
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
k. V/
'1'-
«,> V
% too, have suffered, comrades—I once had a job!”
ARE YOU GETTING AN ^ EXPONENT?
OPEN FOE BUSINESS LITTLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pierce
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
« hRintingJ Office Stationery . . I D 1 'Veddins Invltatloni I PHONE ■ We. Boole,Etc.. , | 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408ihERRi' 1
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 504 Main Street
LEARN THE LATE SWING DANCES New Advanced Class FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Opens Thurs., Mar. 11 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 6th and Ferry
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for fecial Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
— —
ORDER YOUR CAP AND GOWN
From either Fred Sfalcup or George Bell, two of your most deserving fellow seniors. Fred and George are acting as go-betweens for you students and our store. Give the fellows your order or if more convenient, weMI take it for them at either of our two stores. May we suggest you order early?
SOmHWORTH’S
THE POBD.UB EXPONENT
ClasBilSed AcIbi
TYFEWRtTERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, tented an«l repaired. Supplies for all machines 0. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Plat Top Office Desk—Cost new $39. Like new for $10 at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Piano And Organ Instruction— Harry Irwin Metzger, Purdue Organist. Phone 35683.
Lost—Black note book on campus. Return to C. E. Maahs, 806 Stadium avenue. Reward.
NOTICES No noticM acceptMl after t p. m.
P. I. A.—All independent students desiring to take dancing lessons please sign up in the P. I. A. office from 4 to 6 p. m. any time before March 1. —BUXTON.
Dance Class—All independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign up in P. I. A. office any afternoon this week between 4 and 5 ;30. —BUTCHER.
Deck Tennis—These games should be played off before February 27: Bouton and Newman vs. Auld and Clymer; Charles and Pitch vs. Halstead and Kelly; Pell and Reverda vs. Phelps and Cooley.
—RIETH.
Y. W. C. A. —Those who have signed membership cards who have not paid their dues must do so before March l _to be eligible to vote in the coming election.
—JONES.
NYA Checks—NYA checks for period ending February 10 are now available in the cashier’s office of the Executive Build-
ing.
—HOLLENSBEE.
Seniors—Dummy sheets for senior section of 1937 Debns will be made up this week to be sent to the printers. If there are any seniors who have any additional activities to add to their charts please stop in at the Debris office at once to make these additions. —DWIGHT.
C. E. 41—An examination for the removal of C grades will be given March 6th, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. Students expecting to take the examination should report to F. W. Greve not later than March 4th —GREVE.
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions will be given March 6, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Applications should be made at history office by March 6. —ESTEY.
Ag Dance—All Ceres, Alpha Zeta and
lOta
other students selling tickets for the All-
"Ag dance must attend the Ceres meeting
for a check on ticket sales.
—DRAKE.
Genuine Service Lubricating - Washing
LAFAYETTE MOTORS, INC. West Lafayette Branch 329 Northwestern Ave.
Gulf Gas
Phone 5355
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
for
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW!
You don’t need to sacriiBee a thing to a smart appearance
have
CROWN CLEANING Service Keeps Your Clothes Good-looking at a very low cost.
USE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Removal of Math Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. -AIARSHALL.
Junior Military Students—^All students in Military 'Traing 6 who were vaccinated for small pox or given the first shot for typhoid on last Corps Day will report to Capt. Hayford on the second floor of the Armory during Corps Day, March 2. —HAYFORD.
Playshop Election—Candidates for 198738 Board positions must turn in petitions at the Union desk before March 6 at 4 m. Playshop members and students with credit in English 51 are eligible —RUSSELL.
W. A. A. Girls—Those girls who are interested in becoming committee heads or officers of W. A. A. submit names to the W. A. A. office before February 27. —ARNOLD.
Reamer Club—Important meeting March 1 at 7 p. m. in room 1 and 2 of the Union Building. All members are required to be present. —BUXTON.
W. A. A. Basketball—^March 1 the following_ games will be played: WRH vs. Alpha Xi in small gym at 4 p, m. Wards 1
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
and 4 vs. Theta in large gym,at 4 p. m. Ward 8 vs. Pi Phi in large gym at 4:80 P. m. —SHAFFER.
Football Managers—^Freshman football managers report to gym March 1 at 4 p. m. —BROWN. Alpha Lambda Delta—^Meeting March 2 at 4 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building, —PITTMAN.
Geology Conditions—Examinations for the removal of O grades in Geology 3, Physical Geology, and in Geology 6, Forestry Gralogy will be held in room 207 Heavilon Hall, Saturday, March 6 from 1 to 4 p. m. Students intending to take examinations must
report to room 202 Heavilon Hall not later than March 4. ^
SERVISS and MILLER.
Union Workers—My committee will meet in the Union Office at 1 p. m. February 27, 1937. —PUTZE.
Independent Students—'those who are interested in managing and producing variety programs may have an opportunity to do so by applying to Wilson C. White at the P. I. A. office February 27 at 1 p. m, or by seeing him within the next week. P. 1. A. has a number of productions scheduled for the near future. —WHITE.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, dcA locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
P. M. 16—^Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in descriptive Geometry will be held Saturday, March 6, from 1 to 4 p. m., in room 808 of the Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to taking the examination. —PORSCH.
Debris Sophomores—All sophomore Debris workers meet in office February 27 at 1 p. m. —BARRY.
Gimlet—Banquet has been postponed. —HODODON.
Union Committees—Men of our committees will report to the workshop February 27 at 1 p. m, —SHEETS, SCATTERDAY, —STALLINGS.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LAR;S0N, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
1'!
Millie a ISote of This
Jot this down as the most important item on your new 1937 calendar—ADVERTISE in The Rurdue Exponent—advertise regularly and use the free merchandising service offered hy us through the facilities of Chicago Tribune Service. It’s the sure way to start the year with profits and keep the University trade booming for the Exponent is by far the best medium through which to contact the student body and faculty.
The EXPONENT