#/ / , i> , p ', \-. I ^ » i
i^i^v- r, >
«< •s ?
N
,:f; 4'>v| / ,V*f' ¥ f
K.t>
Purdue
Z.185
Vbkime 5L No. 100
Exponent
Saturday/ Febraaiy 3/1940
Campos Commanders jyijlJ.^J Mr Afpp Will DpIlvAf Will Play For Variety lYIIIUlCU IVlvMII;:c ft III l/ClIVci
Co-eds Open Rush Period
RegistrationTodayAtl '40 Baccalaureate Address
First Woman To Speak Before
Informality Set As Keynote For Week's Activities; Pledging To End February 10 Prospective rushees will register today at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union lobby from 1 to 5 o’clock. At the time of registration a fee of fifty cents is required. Second semester rush^ officially opens tomorrow noon and closes at midnight, February 10. '
Keynote of the week’s avtivities is informality, and pledging will be permissable throughout the official rush period. Dinners, luncheons, parties) an^ coke dates are being planned for the entertainment of the rush guests. Unlike last semester, sororities are not obligated to establish a quota for pledging. Rush chairmen for the various sororities are; Yvonne Holden, Alpha Chi Omega; Sue Enders, Alpha Xi Delta; Mary Schnaible, Phi Mu; Carolyn Ashbaugh, Delta Gamma Colony; Jean Jones, Jane Schueler, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Jeanettte Klitzke, Kappa Alpha Theta; Caroline Scott, Chi Omega; Jane Black,
Pi Beta Phi.
PIA Announces Series Of Dance Lessons Continuing the dance classes held last fall, PIA announced tonight the opening of a new series of lessons for intermediates to be conducted by Helen Knight. Registration for these classes will start on Monday, February 6, in the PIA office between 4 and 5 o’clock and will close on the following Friday. Although the class is primarily for those with some knowledge of dancing, beginners will be accepted. The course of 10 lessons is open only to PIA members and will cost them $2.50, in advance; there will be no refunds. The days for the lessons to be held will be decided at the first meeting of the class which will be on a day to be announced in the Exponent notice column at the end of next week. Pharmacy School Gets High Ranking Publication by the American Council on Pharmaceutical Education of the accredited pharmacy colleges over the nation yesterday reveals that the University Pharmacy school rates high with pharmacy schools of the counti’y and is the only one in the state of Indiana. University Pharmacy school was among a group of 43 out of 70 to receive an accredited rating by a committee of ten representing ranking pharmaceutical organizations. Dean C. B. Jordan of the University Pharmacy school is one of the thr^e representatives frpm the college of pharmacy. WRH Adds New Painting^ To Present Rental Supply Ten new paintings have been purchased by the Women’s Residence Halls to augment the supply of pictures available for rental by co-eds in the halls. 890 girls joined in a social session and looked over the pictures, and also received their first pictures for the semester. The paintings are purchased by the halls and rented by the girls at 16 cents each per semester. Last year twenty-five pictures .^ere purchased for display in the halls. Miss Helen Schleman, WRH director, stated that some pictures received as many as 14 requests for " rentals. Delta Upsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Frank Kuhn, Elkhart; and Bill Barnes, Middletown, Ohio.
Modern Dance Group Will Present Program At Fowler Hall, Feb. 14 Hanya Holm and her modern dance company will be presented to the public at Fowler Hall Wednesday, February 14 at 8 p. m. Co-eds will be admitted with passports, while faculty and townspeople will be admitted with tickets which can be purchased at the women’s gym. Eds will be admitted after eight upon presentation of their pass-
ports.
Holmes Receives Praise Miss Holm and her company have been highly praised by news reporters throughout the United States. John Martin, New York repoiter, says, “Miss Holm has proved herself to be one of the most gifted composers in the modern field. She is considered the one choregrapher, who has completely realized a system of pure dance. Her system now includes co-ordinated physical technic, grace of movement, fluency of line and sense of elevation. Instead of ten girls following one set pattern you will see ten emphatic, eager, vital, differing characters. Each one expresses her own person-
ality.”
The program will consist of five dances, each of which will portray a different phase of modern dance. One dance which should appeal to the entire audience is the Metropolitan Daily. This dance gives you satires on the parts of a newspaper, the financial, the scandal column, the society page, the want ads, the foreign news, the comics, and
sports.
This recital is being sponsored by the modern dance club, with the help of the Women’s Athletic Association, Physical Education Department for Women, Student Union board. Women’s Self Governing Association, faculty, and townspeople. Ceres , . . announced the winners of the annual Ceres Essay Contest last night. They are: in the upperclassman division, first, Max Holloway; second, Wayne Adams; honorable mention, Maynard Wolf. In the freshman division the winners are: first, Howard Diesslin; second, John Stark; honorable mention, James
Bray.
Starting the second semester’s series of programs. Campus Varieties will feature the music of the Campus Commanders this afternoon on the broadcast from 3 to 4 p. m. over WBAA. The program will originate from the grill lounge of the Women’s Residence Hall west and will be open to students. Besides the Campus Commanders, there will be Benny Burns, who appears in an entirely new role. Mary Johnston, appearing for the first time on Campus Varieties, but well known in University musical circles, Charlie Powell, Mary Louise Switzer, Frank Kuhn, Jim McKil-
lip, and others.
Two weeks ago when Campus Varieties presented its Exam Special, two students suddenly appeared in the grill lounge carrying a guitar and an accordian and said that they came to the program on a dare and wanted to play something. They played two numbers on that program and will appear on the program today, not on a dare, but at the invitation of the program officials. They are Charles Mills and Bill Meyer, both freshmen living in Cary Hall South East. Some of the numbers featured on the broadcast this afternoon will be “Cherokee,” a new number by Ray Noble, English band leader, “Faithful Forever” featuring Nona Reedy, vocalist with the Campus Commanders, “Night in Soudan,” “Hungry for a Rapsody,” “St. '^Louis Blues,” and “Will You Remertiber” from “Sweethearts,” along with many others. Program officials have started a search for new musical talent on the campus and announce that tryouts will be held February 13, at 5 p. m. in the WBAA main studio, fourth floor of the EE building for anyone wishing to appear on the program. Anybody who plays a musical instrument or sings is inivted to come to tryouts as well as any vocal or instrumental groups. WRH Open House Tomorrow,3 toS Tomorrow from 3 to 5 o’clock lesidents and staff members of the Women’s Residence Halls will hold open house for faculty members and their families and the student body. This will be the first opportunity that the University public will have to see the West Hall, construction of which was completed
early last fall.
All rooms of the Halls will be opened the Residence Hall girls and Residence Hall hostesses will act as guides. Refreshments will-be served in both North and South Hall din-
ing rooms.
Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of the Residence Halls, invites all in the University to come to the open house. An attendance surpassing the attendance of previous years is expected.
Robert C. Mackie
Mackie Emphasizes Effect Of War^ Upon Education, Vaiue Of Listening In U. S. Outstanding in the summation'^ and conclusion last night of yesterday’s series of talks by Robert Mackie, general secretary of the World Christian Student Foundation, in the faculty lounge of the Union were the phrases, “war takes a terrible toll on education,” and, “in the United States to listen is to do something.” Mackie’s talk centered around conditions as related to students in nations of the world now at war. He found only high praise for China in keeping the greater percentage of its students in school even during war-time. He said that war itself, didn’t trouble the young students of free and occupied China, Great Britian, and France, and other troubled parts of the world as India, Nazioccupfed Czechoslovakia, all of which he has visited within the last year, so much as the unrest caused by the wars. He stressed the insecurity of war as related to students; as to how they resented being taken from school with scant chances of returning with ambition to studies, if they survive the wars. Mackie', because of unforseen developments of the past three weeks in the European student situation, will end his stay in the United States within a short time to return to Europe. A. P. Stewart . . . will serve as one of the judges in the semi-finals of the young musicians’ contest being held in Indianapolis today. The contest is sponsored by Indiana State Symphony society and is to be held in Caleb Mills hall, Shortridge High School. Marvin Smith, soloist tenor, and Arsene Summers, contralto, are contestants from the University entered in the contest.
University Graduating Class Mildred H. McAfee, president of Wellesley College, Wellesley, Mass., will deliver the baccalaureate address to members of the present senior class on Sunday afternoon. May 5, it was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott. The address, which will be given in the new Music Hall, will be the first in the history of the University to be presented by a woman.
President McAfee, who is recognized as a leader in higher education, holds a bachelor’s degree from Vassar College, a master’s degree from the University of Chicago, and honorary degrees from Oberlin, Williams, Mt. Holyoke, and
Bates Colleges.
Widely Experienced Before assuming her present p)»sition, she taught at Monticello Seminary, Francis W. Parker School, and Tusculum College, and served as dean of the women’s college at Oberlin. In addition, she spent two years as executive secretary of the Vassar Alunmae Association, and one year as director of girl’s work of the Fourth Presbyterian Church
in Chicago.
President McAfee is a member of several national organizations, including Phi Beta Kappa, scholastic honorary fraternity, American Association of University Professors, American Association of University Women, and the American Sociological Society.
McIntyre, Statesmen To Swing Out Tonight
Maestro Wayne McIntyre and his Statesmen will follow up T. Dorsey’s initiation of the new double ballroom of the Union when they swing out tonight in both ballrooms for the regular mixer from 9 to 12.
Price of admission: $1.00. McIntyre was recently a featured
vocalist with Johnny “Scat” Davis and his orchestra, which played on the campus earlier in the school
year.
Book Exchange Sets Receiving Deadline As 5 This Afternoon Deadline for turning in books to be sold" at the Student Book Exchange has been set as 5 o’clock this afternoon, it was announced
last night.
All forms of technical books are in demand at the exchange, and students having such books are urged to turn them in as early as possible today. Money for books that have been sold will be refunded to the student upon presentation of his slip for that book. The exchange is scheduled to remain open until Tuesday, after which time all unsold books will be returned to the owners and cash will be paid for the books that have been sold. "Seventh Heaven" ... by Austin Strong, Playshop’s third production of the academic year, will be staged March 6th to 9th. Directed by John E. Dietrich, the play will have the following cast selected at last night’s tryouts: Chico, Benton Burns; Diane, Juanita Sebuin; Nana, Norna Specpor; Aunt Valentine, Betty Erick; Uncle Georges, Don Salmond; Sergeant-of-police. Bob Peterson; Recan, Dick Fink; Arlepte, Mary Alice Miller; The Rat, Irvin Luthi; and The Lamplighter, Chuck Hart. Five other parts remained to be cast at 12:15 this morning.
Flash - Flash - No Joes At U. Of Stockholm Distinction
by Marguerite Funkhouser ■ No “joeing,” seriousness in studies, and extreme formality are the characteristics of college life at the University of Stockholm in Sweden says Miss Margaret Timberlake who returned from Stockholm December 17. »Miss Timberlake, a graduate of Purdue, studied last fall at the university in Sweden as an exchange student. In commenting about the university she said there is a striking difference between college life in Sweden and American college life. Classes In One Building Most of the classes are held in one building, and as the other buildings that comprise the University are separated by several blocks. Thare is practically no campus. The “Student Corps” is the name the Swedes give to the building we call the “student union building.” Here the students have access to club
rooms and lounges. Classes are conducted in a much more formal manner than classes in American colleges and consist mostly of lectures. When a professor enters a class room the Scandinavian students always stand. Students do not converse with teachers after classes, but if interested in discussing a subject further, arrange to meet him in his office, which is usually his home. Students for the most part are very serious-minded and there are no college “joes.” They spend their free time in the library and reference rooms. Students have more time to. study each subject as they carry few subjects. After a student has completed his study of a subject, he may apply for permission to take an examination. K he passes the exam he enrolls in another course. Campus life perhaps sounds very
dull to American students, but the Swedish students have their fun, too. They have clubs and publish a magazine called the “Gaudeamus.” Dances are given every fortnight and are usually centered around the various clubs. No Cokes! At parties everyone is very polite and formal. No “cokes” are available. There is no class distinction and freshmen do not play the part of the underdog. Students enjoy American movies, but do not comprehend what American college life is like. Although Miss Timberlake returned because of the present war condition. Miss Brita Kraipelien, the Swedish exchange student, will remain to complete her course and will return in the summer if conditions permit.
... of representing- the Hoosier state at the annual National 4-H Club camp at Washington, D. C., in June has been awarded to four , prominent rural youths: two club girls and two club boys, it was announced today by Dr. Z. N. Smith of the University staff and 4-H Director of Indiana. Those selected were: Margaret Young, 18, of Indianapolis; Dorthy Arvidson, 18, Lafayette; Glendon Sendmeyer, 19, Poland; and Maurice Musselman, 21, Noblesville. S. J. Tureski
Riveter Matmen To Meet III. Stale Team Tonight The Illinois State Normal wrestling squad, headed by Sperry, 136 pound captain and three year Little Nineteen Conference champion, will invade the Purdue gym tonight and attempt to avenge the two defeats handed them last year by the Boilermakers. In spite of the fact that the Illinois grapplers have participated in five matches to Purdue’s none, and that they have won four of them, the Riveters by virtue of a well balanced and highly trained squad are conceded a good chance of victory. A return match is to be held Feb. 14 on the Sucker’s mat. The match tonight will start at 7:30 and no admission will be charged. Annual Gridiron Clinic Booked For April 5-6 Between 400 and 500 high school and college coaches from Indiana and neighboring states are expected to enroll for the University's ninth annual football clinic scheduled April 5-6, according to an announcement made yesterday by athletic department officials. Alpha Lambda Delta . . . freshmen women’s scholastic honorary, held their first meeting of the semester in the Union Thursday evening. Mary Ann Carpenter, president, issued certificates of initiation to members who had been initiated last fall. The program consisted of a business meeting followed by a review of the book “Madam Cm-ie” by Mrs. William McFadden, wife of the Methodist Student Pastor. After an informal discussion of the book, the meeting adjourned.
. . . F ’39, left last Saturday for • Balboa, Panama Canal Zone, where ThetO Chi
he will be employed in forestry work in connection with the protection of the coastal and canal defense. The work is being done jointly by the Panama government and the United States army in the Can-
al Zone.
. . . social fraternity, announce
the pledging of the following: Ted Heck, Princeton, 111.; Harry Petit, Baltimore, Md.; Dick Meyers, Gary; Byron Frazier, Gary; and George
Rogers, Steubenville, Ohio.Pi"
3 > .
0'{ " »j,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, February 3, 1940
fi
JomchhDwQjfL
JhsL CfuJUlcflM,
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program First Christian Church 6th & North Streets 9:30 a. m.—Student Class: Bob Belcher will tell us “What Happened at Toronto” with the North American Christian Youth Confer-
ence.
10:40 a. m.—Church Service: Doyle Mullen will preach on “The Search for Certainty.” [ 5:30 p. m.—Forum; including Vespers till 6:00. 6:00 to 6:30 p. m.—^Recreation. 6:30 to 7:30 p. m.—Discussion.
Episcopal Students All Services and meetings at St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry, Lafayette. Holy Communion, 8 a. m. Followed by breakfast for students in Parish House. Holy Communion and Sermon, with choir of boys and men, 10:45 a. m. Seabury Club. Supper, 6 p. m. Program, 7 p. m. “Big Robbie” Robertson will speak. Topic: “Reminiscences of Inventions,and Inventors.”
The University of Michigan has one of the two largest specimens in the world of pallasite meteorite.
The College of the City of New York has 14 special courses for city government employees.
Personnel Notes
MID-SEMESTER GRAD ; Mr. Richard Haugh, Manager, State Employment Service, North Fourth Street, Lafayette, Indiana, has advised that there is an opening in a company in Ohio for a mechanical engineer who is a college graduate and who is in good physical condition.
The starting salary will be $25.00 per week. The company manufactures pumping equipment and supplies. Mid-semester graduates who are interested, should interview Mr. Haugh at once.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School, Co-ed Department at the Foundation: “Personal Problems”—Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Department at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. 1. “Bible Class” taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. 2. “Christianity in Business”— Mr. W. H. Andrew, Economics Department. 3. “Comparative Religions” — Rev. Wm. McFadden. 1:40 p. m.—Morning Worship Service. Sermon on “Living Waters”—Dr. Steele. The choir vrill sing “Jesus Sav,lour. Pilot Me” by Gould, and “All Ye That Cried Unto the Lord”— Mendelssohn. 5:00 p. m,—Fellowship Supper by Doris Bunnell. One act farce: “Two Lunatics” by Wm. Harris and Gwendolyn RitzIcff. 6:30 p. m.—University Epworth League at the Wesley Foundation, 435 State. Prof. W. E. Howland will speak on “The Social Responsibility of the Technical Graduate.”
COMPANY: Chicago Telephone Supply Company, Elkhart, Indiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. B. S. Turner, Director of Personnel. Mr. Turner has written the Personnel Service, advising that he has openings for two or three graduates in mechanical or electrical engineering at mid-semester. This company specializes in the manufacture of radio equipment. A training course of about nine months is available to new employees. Engineering employees would expect to receive training and then move into the sales, production, or engineering department. Mid-semester graduates who are interested should sign up in the main office of the electrical or mechanical engineering school, and should also apply directly to Mr. Turner, furnishing detailed information regarding themselves. Qualification blanks are available at the Personnel Service for those who wish to include a record of themselves in their letter to Mr. Turner.
COMPANY: The Mojonnier Bros. Co., 4601 West Ohio Street, Chicago, Illinois, milk engineers, manufacturers of machinery for the food industry. CORRESPONDENT: Mr. Albeit B. Mojonnier plans to employ several mechanical and electrical engineering graduates next June. He is looking for men in the upper third of their class to enter a training course preparing them for sales engineering and service work. A few graduates may be placed in engineering or manufacturing. Those interested please sign up in the main office of the mechanical or electrical engineering school.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning Program at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m. —Student Discussion Group led by Dr. Graves. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship— Rev. Robt. Thomas the new assistant to the University Pastor will preach. His theme will be, “Religion of the Terrible.” Evening Program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. 5:00 p. m.—Meeting of the Student Church. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Forum. Supper will be served. 7:00 p. m.—Professor Leland L. Winch, of the Speech Department, will speak.
COMPANY: Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Neenah, Wisconsin. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. F. F. Martin, of the industrial relations department. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 5th and 6th. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, mechanical, engineer ing seniors and juniors, and science seniors majoring in physics. This company operates six paper mills in America, and ranks as one of the largest manufacturers. Those interested should sign up for consideration in the main office of the chemical or mechanical engineering school, or with Professor R. B. Abbott, in the Physics Department.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m,—^Roger Williams Club, Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Church Worship. Communion Service. Sermon by Joseph Baird Gleason: “The Jesus of the Gospels.” / 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Fellowship Hour and Ten Cent Lunch. Election of new officers. 6:30 p. m.—Club Discussion Group. All students welcome. Victor Davisson will speak: “The Social Aspects of the Underprivileged.” 7:30 p. m.—Evening Service. Bi oadcasting program conducted by Mis. J. B. Gleason. 8:30 p. m.—Students welcome at the Parsonage.
COMPANY: Research Laboratories Division, General Motors Corp., 485 W. Milwaukee, Detroit, Mich. REPRESENTATIVE: Kenneth A. Meade, Director of Education. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 5th and 6th. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical, chemical, electrical, seniors, mechanical, electrical juniors for summer work. Graduate . students in physics and chemistry for summer work. Those interested should read the posted bulletins caiefully before signing up in the main office of their school foi consideration.
Of the Big Ten universities, Purdue University has a higher percentage of university-owned housing accommodations than any other school.
ORGANIZATION: Graduate School of the Chrysler Institute of Engineering, Chrysler Corporation,. Detroit, Michigan, manufacturers of automobiles. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. A. C. Staley, Dean of the school. VISITING PURDUE: Thursday and Fiiday, February 8th and 9th. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical and electiical engineering seniors foi training with the Chrysler Corpoiation in engineering and other employment. Those in the automotive option will be given first consideiation. Second consideration will be given those in the aeronautical option. Other seniois should sign up in the main office of the electrical or mechanical engineering school. Those selected by the head of the schools will be called for interview. '
ORGANIZATION: Babson Institute, Babson Park, Massachusetts. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. P. C. Oakley, Secretary of Admissions, will visit Purdue soon to interview seniors interested in business ti:aining after graduation in June. A prospectus of the Babson Institute is available in the Personnel Office. Those interested in business training at the Babson Institute after graduation should make arrangements for an interview with Mr. Oakley at the Personnel Office.
COMPANY: Bethlehem Steel Company, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. A. M. Rupkey, Manager of Training, VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, April 9th and 10th. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical, electrical, chemical and metallurgical and other engineering graduates. Graduates will be employed for the company’s training course and eventual placement in steel production, metallurgy, coal and ore mining, quarry operation, managing and purchasing work. Those interested should read carefully the bulletin posted in the engineering schools and the booklet describing the company training program. Seniors who wish to be considered should sign up in the main office of their school.
COMPANY: The United Air Lines Transport Corporation, 5959 South Cicero Avenue, Chicago, Illinois. CORRESPONDENCE: Mr. Thomas B. Marshall, Personnel Director, has written that his company plans to employ a number of young graduates in their passenger service department in the near future. They are most interested' in mid-semester graduates. Applicants should be interested in air transportation, should have a good appearance, be alert and ambitious, and preferably have* had some experience in contacting the public.
COMPANY: Aluminum Company of America, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Lafayette, Indiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. M. M. Anderson, Personnel Manager, Mr. W. S. Idler, Personnel Department, and Mr. R. C. Fuller, Lafayette Employment Manager. VISITING PURDUE: Soon. INTERVIEWING: Mechanipl, chemical, metallurgical and electrical engineering seniors for employment. Graduates will be considered for plant production, engineering, metallurgical work, apd some for sales research woik. Those inteiested should sign up in the main office of their school for consideration.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Ti^wittora. All Boakc*. (tandard and portaluc. sold, parehased, rantad and repaired. New portable macUnaa aa low aa 129,76. Snppliea. C. F. Eberaboff, 606 Main atreet. FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 36271.
FOR RENT—One single room and one double room with twin beds. Roommate preferred. 432 N. Grant
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach .— Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
LUMA
-SUNDAY - MONDAY-
PLUS-
CLAUDETTE HENRY COLBERT FONDA
— IT'S FIRST RUN — LAST DAY—2 FEATURES FRANK ALBERTSON in "FRAMED" — Also — GENE AUTRY in "ROVIN' TUMBLEWEEDS"
A crime prevention club has been formed by Canisius College students. 1|< !> !|< The University of Pittsburgh has announced a $6,000,000 expansion program.
A. 500-pound elephant skull has been acquired by the Umvefsity of
Notices
Na notleaa will ba aeeaptad aftar 6 ». aa. Reamer Club: Next meeting will be held Monday, February 5, in room F of the Union. —REILEY.
Exponent Co-eds: Work schedules are as follows: Thursday, February 1, Carroll Irwin, Stiers; Friday, February 2, Burtsfleld, McClintock, Campbell, Funkhouser; Saturday, February 3, Simpson, Stallings, Coulter, Beard. New schedules will be arranged at the organization meeting Saturday, February 3, at 1 p. m. in the new Exponent offices. Everyone who intends to work should be present. —SCHILLING.
Outing Club: There will )be a hike and ice skating party Sunday, February 4, weather permitting. All who are interested please call one of the following immediately, Marjorie Ward, 41111; Marcile Long, 2823;.or Fred Cordua, 35293. —CORDUA.
P.I.A. Board: There will be a very important meeting Monday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. Every member must be present. —HINSHAW.
Zouaves: Meeting Monday, February 6. Bring money for keys. —TEETER.
Scrivener Freshmen: All workers on editorial and business staffs leave new programs in the office, room 380, by 4:30 p. m. Monday, February 6. —STEFFEE.
Debris Photographic Staff: Meeting Monday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in room C of the union. —FREEMAN.
Exponent Sports Staff: Important meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 in the Union office. All freshmen, sophomores, and juniors be there. Bring schedule cards. —JENKINS.
Prom Committee: Meeting in Independent office Saturday, February 3, at 1:30 p. m. Important. —ROYCB. Fraternity Presidents: Please send a repHca of your badges to the Union office on or before Wednesday, February 7, for decorations for Interfiaternity Ball. —VIEHE.
Lost and Found Workers: Report to office for work. (2-B) —DANIEL.
Student Senate: All members who are eligible for keys should call for them immediately in the Senate office. Please bring 75c. The following may receive keys: R. Obenchain, W. E. Musser, V. Milea, R. C. Springgate, R. Reiley, M. McKee. (2-5) — DANIEL.
WBAA Announcers: Report to station and hand in second semester schedules. — WILLIAMS. (2-5)
WAA Class Volleyball: Practices at 4 p m. on Monday, February 5, Tuesday, February 6, and Wednesday, February 7. Two practices are requiied for participation —MORRIS.
Chemistry 109, 110, 126: All enrolled in these courses turn their schedules in at my office as soon as possible. —ELVING. (2-5)
* Freshman Engineers: Engineering lectures will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, February 3, at 8 a m. —KNAPP.
Pi Tau Sigma: New members’ certificates of membership are in G. A’s office. —KOLB. (2-5) Student Senate Workers: Those working m the Lost and Found department resume their old schedules immediately. If for any reason yOu can not follow your old schedule report to the office and arrange a new one (2-4) —MICHELL
Purdue Engineer: All sophomore and freshman business staff workers will report to the new Engineer office in the west wing of the Union at 4 p m , Tuesday, February 6 —OTT.
ARC
Last Times Today
— WITH — JACKIE COOGAN BETTY GRABLE
-ALSO —
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— ANDY HARDY GETS SPRNG FEVER "MICKEY MOUSE"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Copr 1940 by United Featare Syndicate, Ine TnLBef.U S Fat Off —AU rif bte raerred
‘Right now she’s at the curious stage—yesterday she wanted to know what in the world I saw in her father!”
Modem Dance Clubs—Junior and Senior dance clubs meet Thursday, February 8, at 4 p. m. for an important busifiess meeting If you have not paid your recital fee of $.60, please bring it to the meeting. —KNIGHT.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, February 4, at 7:30 p. m. at 202 Wallron. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO
Delta Rho Kappa: Keys are here. Please see me at once. —ESTEY.
Radio Club: There will be a meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the EE building. G. K. Miller will be the speaker. Everyone is welcome. —PITCHER.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Meet in the new office at 2:30 p. m. Saturday, February 3. —BREUER.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 6 p. m. Plans for dance and pledges will be discussed. —MITCHELL.
Advanced CAA Flyers: Ground school Tuesday, February 6, at 7 p. m. in the ME building. —WICKERSHAM
PEW Classes: PEW 58 meet at 4 o’clock Monday, February 5, PEW 62 meet at 4 :30. Both meetings will be held in the women’s gym. —KNIGHT.
Primary CAA Flyers: Ground school Monday, February 6, at 7 p m. in the ME building. —WICKERSHAM.
Exponent Staff: Staff for Saturday, Feb. 3: Night Editor, Willsey; Issue Editor, Traugott; Stooge, Heiple; Proof, Smith; Workers: Parks and Purcell. Will the following please get their schedules and preference nights to me immediately: Stenzil, Bach, Silva, Novey, Pickerel, and MOSS. —FRED.
409 LITTLETON—Beautifully furnished Rooms, shower and tile bath. Reasonably priced. 51001.
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modern. Reasonable. 422 N. ^lisbury
LAFAYETTE STARTS SUNDAY The
Allan Jones Mary Martin Walter Connolly ■ Lee Bowman LAST DAY
'Charlie McCarthy, Detective'
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS
THE GENTLEMAN FROM ARIZONA' with JOHN KING JOAN BARCLAY
— Plus — ‘SUED FOR LIBEL" with KENT TAYLOR LINDA HAYES
TONITE MIDNITE SHOW ONLY
Suppressed—But UNCENSORED
AMEklCA'S NO. GLAMOua Gtai
AbULTS^x^
Starts TODAY
1 "'ISaturday, February 3, 1940
£xpomjnL fiaqsL
Gold And Black Boxers To Renew Hostilities Next Week In East Side Armory By JOE DOLAN Blood and thunder rained down on the Purdue boxing team last Wednesday night at the Lafayette Armory diminishing the Purdue team to ten members. These boys, under the direction of smiling Joe Benna, will continue their voyages between ;bhe ropes next Wednesday night at the Lafayette Arm-
ory. The biggest upset to the Purdue boxing team last week was the knockout of little Carl Potenzaj 126 pounds of freshman fighting ‘flesh who was knocked out in the first seconds of his fight with Henry Fairfield, of, the Lafayette C C C Camp.' Carl, a speedster of the first water, depends more on speed than fighting ability to outpoint his opponents. Potenza has the habit of doing-a hundred yard dash around the ring and rushing his opponents off their feet, but his tactics brought calamity to him last Wednesday night. Speed, Wham, Out As the bell sounded Potenza shot
The Most Important Announcement in This City^s Entertainment History GONE WITH THE WIND
Starf-s SATURDAY FEB. 17
You will see it in its entirety, exactly as shown at its famed Atlanta World Premiere,
Seats on Sale at Box Office 9 A. M., Monday Feb. 5
NIGHT SHOWS (8p. m.) $1.10 Incl. Tax All Seats Reserved SUNDAY MATINEE (2p. m.) $1.10 Incl. Tax All Seats Reserved WEEKDAY MATINEES (Continuous) 75c including tax Not Reserved • Phone for Reservations 6915 - 6914
Starts SAT., FEB. 17
Crisp little checks . . . soft pastel shades ... to bring a new sparkle to "winter weary" letters! Pastel colors . . . Aqua, Blue, Ivory, or Grey Check paper in two smart sizes . . . and priced extremely low for . . .
February Only
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$
1
INCLUDING PRINTING Buy several boxes of each size at this very special price!
HAYWOOD’S — 5th and Ferry —
. -i.A, Hard Work Returns
NetmenToTopForm
out of his corner headed straight for his opponent across the ring. Fairfield just had time to throw his gloves up for protection, and wham! Carl had run into the defense gloves so hard that he bounced backward about five feet completely. KOed. At the count of eight, Carl was up, swinging at imaginary opponents in every direction. Fairfield was so surprised that he didn’t close in on Potenza until his seconds almost created a consternation in their comer and at the ringside, and then Carl was helpless; after all, he couldn’t see. Golden Glove fans were still talking about the Poten-za-Fairfield affair last night. It is a rarity when one man compiles enough forces behind his enlarge to KO himself. Benna A Favorite Coach Benna, who last year captured the Lafayette fans’ eyes for his skill, sportsmanship, and ability, this year has displayed virile leadership as a boxing coach. Other seconds and coaches of Golden Glove teams scream theif heads off, pound their hands through the canvas, and re-fight each round for their boys after a round has been completed, but Joe is always smiling, and seldom talking. I guess he thinks that the information his boys didn’t pick up in training would only confuse them at the time
SQUASH 1 Today 1:00 p. m.—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Beta Theta PS, 1:30 p. m.—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. BASKETBALL Today Court 1— 2:00—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6. Monday, Feb. S Court 1—Rechenbach. 7:00—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 9. 7 :16—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:00—Ward 21 (A) vs. Ward 1 or 11 (A). 8:16—Ward 40 vs. Ward 22. Court 2—Aronson. 7:00—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 11. 7:15—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 14. 8:00—Ward 39 vs. Ward 13. 8:15— Court 3—Smithson. 7:00—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 12. 7:16—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 16. 8:00—Cary Hall 9 (A) vs. Cary Hall 5 or 4 (A).
8:16.
Court 4—Welsch. 7 :00—-Ward 11 vs. Ward 26. 7:16—Ward 10 vs. Ward 8. 8:00—Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi or Kappa Sigma. 8:16—
of the fight. One thing at a time for a novice, that’s Joe’s philosophy. ' Next Week Boys on the Purdue squad who have not fought as yet are Jim Beers, 135; Jack Threlfall, 126; Ed Miyamasu, 126; Oscar Gab, 176; Joe Faber, 147; and Pyle. These lads will see action next week on Wednesday night. Threlfall and Beers are veterans of the amateur tourney, and have each won a jacket in previous years for Golden Glove competition. Welsch May Enter Big Jim Welsch, pile-drivjing football player, of the Purdue football team last season, may take part in the tourney if Legion officials allow his entry blank to be considered. Welsch was out of town after early finals, and didn’t know of the time limit on getting entry blanks in. He is a heavy-weight. Purdue boxers who won their fights last week are Dewitte Weewee, 135; Bou Youkey, 147; Bob Browar, 147; and John Wilcox, 160.
The University of Vermont will begin construction soon of a million dollar building to be named after Sen. C. W. Waterman.
Subscribe for The EXPONENT
Working hard to regain the championship form that has lifted them into the number one spot in the season’s Big Ten hardwood proceedings, the Boilermaker basketball forces yesterday dashed through a long greuling drill on the Fieldhouse floor. It was one of the hardest drills that Coach Piggy Lambert has chased his lads through since before finals caused a momentary lull in the activities of the Riveter netmen. Face Indiana The Boilermakers, currently leading the Big Ten in just about everything except Major Griffith’s list on paid athletics, have had little trouble in disposing of their conference opponents" so far this season. Saturday night they will journey to Bloomington to meet Indiana’s second' place Hoosiers in what promises to be one of the most colorful if not the most exciting game of the year. In the down-state affair, which will headline the return of Big Ten teams to action, the Boilermakers will be out to increase their now staggering total of victories over the Cream and Crimson net forces. If the local lads come through with a much expected victory, it will be their ninth straight win of the year and put them well on the road to another season without any black marks being tallied against them in the loss column of the Big Ten scorebooks. Beretta Ready Captain Fred Beretta, who emerged from Wednesday’s scrimmage with a slight charley horse, took part in yesterday’s workout and showed everyone concerned that he will be in top condition for next week’s encounter. William Neutzel, lanky sophomore center who was injured just before the Northwestern game, also took part in the drill although it is doubtful whether he will be ready for the Indiana game.
Everything For A College Education Except Text Books Biology Supplies, Drawing Instruments, Drawing Supplies, complete line of note books, loose leaf note books, 10c to $1.98, inks and filler paper. Your Education Will Cost Less If You Stop Here, Give Us a Trial PURDUE 5(, $1.00 AND UP STORE 314 STATE STREET
For Students Taking SHOP We have “Coveralls” that ^ are the ideal wear for shop. You can be sure that no dirt or grease will get thru these “Coveralls.” They are priced at only $1.49 others $1.98 to $2.29 Choice of Hickory Stripe White Twill or Gray Covert
SEARS, ROEBUCK - -V^AND COf -
Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4039
Ckokn By Robert J. Decbard
That 94 percent of 708 men, acknowledged as authoritative judges of athletics’ value because of their vital interest through personal experience, would spend as much time in athletics again if they were to relive their college careers. Was revealed in a study among varsity letter winners at the University of Minnesota by Prof. John N. Stalneker of the University of Chicago. —^fc— This study, considered the most authoritative ever conducted on the subject relative to the debated question of the intercollegiate ath|[etic program, was utilized to que^ion lettermen as to their attitude towards intercollegiate athletics on the basis of the Thurston Method of determining attitudes, which is considered the most ideal devised. —fc— Ninety percent answered they would want' their sons to go through the sameathletic experiences, and 96 percent, the highest percentage in answering six questions, replied they believed athletics developed desirable character traits. —^fc— Whether athletics had prevented participation in other worthwhile extra-curricular activities was answered in the negative by 84 percent, while 85 percent answered their participation in intercollegiate athletics had raised their estimate of its worth. Answering a direct question, 86 percent replied they did not favo a shortening of the football season. —fc— The Minnesota study was supplemented by a survey of undergrad-uate-football lettermen in the Western Conference by the office of the Western Conference Commissioner, the survey consisting of 15 questions on football conditions . . . The answers uniformly supported conclusions of the Minnesota graduates, including 89 percent who though football was “play.”
Ninety-fiv» per cent of the Cornell University students have a religious preference. The University of North Dakota has 33 nationalities represented in its student body.
Trackmen To Open Season Tuesday; Face Bulldog Squad Headed by Captain Allen Shackleton and after a display of some of the finest pre-season performances in many years, the Boilermaker thinlies go out to meet a strong Butler University combination on next Tuesday afternoon, February 6, down in ’Naptown, the home of the Butler aggregate. Both squads sport a few well-known speedsters, with the majority of the squads being made up of new material who have still to show their performances under the strain of important competitive meets. Coach Phillips has still to determine the members of the Squad who will make the trip next Tuesday, and a competitive practice meet is being held in the fieldhquse this afternoon to determine the entrants. -In the short dashes, Kein, Tycocki, Banker, and Bill Gaulke have been showing consistantly good form, and will be fighting to enter the Butler competition in tomorrow’s eliminations. Stroyeck, Kersey and Dave Rankin are standouts in the high and low 60 yard hurdles. Rankin, with a little less weight than he carried during football season, shows promise of developing into one of the finest quarter-milers in the business, according to Homer Allen, assistant track mentor. The 440 efatures Capt. Shackleton, Simmons, Anthony, Krone, Doty and Wente, any of whom can he counted upon to give the boys from Butler hot competition. The distance events feature Holderman, Jarvis, A1 Gaulke and Bill Smith, with Holderman and Southworth of Butler slated to put up one of the most closely matched races of the afternoon. Max White, Jim White, McLaughlin, and Reeves, all veterans of the grueling cross-country competition, will be out for the twomile laurels. The mile relay squad is, as yet, stilf undecided upon; and, quartermiler favorites, as shown up in today’s meet, will compose the squad, according t.o Coach Allen. Field events will feature several men who are, as yet, unknown as far as inter-school competition goes; however, if practice appearances mean anything, Butler is in for a real battle in this part of the meet. Suto, Denzer and Seth Anderson will be sky-scraping in the high jumps, with Jake Weber and Volmer as probabilities in the shotput. Pole vaulters Edwards, Lovett, Campbell and Britt are all good men, and the battle to enter the Butler meet will be close, in this corner of the track squad.
Save at Southworth's WE PAY CASH FOR USED BOOKS We will pay 50% in CASH or 60% in Arade for books in good condition that are to be used this semester. Do Your Shopping NOW at SOUTHWORTHS IN THE VILLAGE
/---grad Is No More No longer last-minute news, but still a demonstration of unchallenged achievement, is the action by the Cambridge, Mass., city council which destroys —grad within that town. Th6 council unanimously passed a resolution making it illegal to possess, harbor, sequester, introduce or transport, within the city limits, any book, map, magazine, newspaper, pamphlet, handbill, or circular containing the words — or -—grad. To comply with the law, in order to avoid embarrassment or a fine for our Cambridge subscribers, if any, we will refrain from printing the vicious proper nouns. However, the first refers to a deceased Russian revolution leader, entombed on Red Square, and now known as the patron saint of communism. The other bad, bad word refers to a Russian city formerly officially known as “Petrograd,” but now called —grad in honor of Nikolai . We wonder just how the map-makers and newspapers are responding to this dramatic move by the Cambridge city council. Students at fair Harvard must now be certainly aware that the pen is mightier than the sword. At last report, the power of the press in Cambridge was not indicated. Finland has destroyed a few-odd thousand Russian troops with white-clad soldiers of the snows. But Moscow, —grad, and even Indianapolis have not yet been blasted off the map by Finnish planes. In the name of culture and democracy, Cambridge councilman Michael A. Sullivan who introduced the proposal accomplished with his pen what Finland has not yet done With all her airplanes. This afternoon we shall write a letter to the West Lafayette city council, requesting that all mention of ——^ton be deleted from written material circulating in this community. We refer to a down-state town which is shamefully associated with another university and where Purdue will win a basketball game on February 10. The first part of this bad, bad word describes what the flowers do in the spring.
It’s been almost a month since we’ve given you a flash from Doc Miller’s News Room .. . Now the ice is broken. We saW a little man walking very straight vertically and he had a very red nose. We asked him how he suddenly acquired this army stature. He took a deep breath and said, “TapC” It seems that he went to the Student Health Service with a head cold and Doc taped him up just for good measure. He’ll learn ...
Every day for three weeks . . . the three last weeks of last semester . . . we passed an enormous yellow and blue sign in an East Side store which blared out something about SLEEP WEEK. The irony of the whole thing was that while 7,000 Boilermaker kiddies were burning the midnight oil at both ends the East Side store was showing double beds and chaise lounges. Now that finals are over, the same window has blossomed forth with furniture of the studious type, desks and other awful reminders. Could it be that the East Side merchant doesn’t care to keep his financial finger on the elusive pulse of the West Side institution ... Or is he just being unconventionally nasty?
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley Editor-in-CWef W. E. Smith Buriness Manager Phones: Editorial 4006 ; Business 6038; Sports 2792 This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students_ of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial di- . rector. ' Entered as second class matter at tlie post offioe in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Maroh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mall subscription $3.60. -Represented for national advertising by National Edvertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Repsesentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Miers Asst. Night Editor, Heaton Day Editor, Burtsfield Saturday, February 3, 1940.
Bill “Frenchy”' Leinweber, who recently paid one whole dollar for/ a picture of Kappa pledge Emra Berry, is now offering $2.27 for a picture of his new heart throb, Jane Ostrander. You’d better watch out “Sonny” — Eli Yeager is much bigger than you are.—Paid ad. —B & B— While on the subject of Emra Berry, we might mention that this fair gal’s popularity is increasing by leaps and bounds, especially along the picture line. Bill Lancet, Phi Gam sophomore, pilfered her picture from the Debris display at registration after he had spent two days grumbling because she was cutting in on his Debris sales. Anyone possessing a picture of Miss Berry ought to hang onto it; it probably will be worth a fortune one of these days, if the demand keeps up. ■ —B&B— T. P. (Wigwam) Peppier, set a new house record for the sleep and eat club when he put out his pin twelve days after initiation. The lucky (?) gal was Baltimore siren, Ching Gray. Peppier is now beginning to regret his lash move—^he hasn’t had a letter since Christmas. Better stick to our co-eds, Tommy. —B & B— Theta Chi Elbert Edwin Denhand—his mother calls him Ebbie —received a mysterious phone call the other night from some South Hall co-eds. The following conversation took place ; South Hall: Do you want to buy some insurance? Denhard: What for? South Hall: You need protection. Denhard (Very curious). Against what? South Hall: Protection against Jean Steigerwald. Denhard goes into a dead faint. ■ 4 S S The average attendance at a college football game this year was 22,733.
TbmA.
By Mary K. Miller
There will be basketball practice at 5 p. m. on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday of next week for intramural basketball. To be eligible for WAA points co-eds must attend two practices. Come on out you basketball enthusiasts, let’s have a record turnout.
Tryouts for class volleyball will be held Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday at 4 p. m. Two practices are necessary for eligibility. Each entrant must have a 3.5 scholastic rating and an A or B health grade. If you go for volleyball and are feeling tops physically, be there next week.
ERE’S how Crown
Service does more for youl
H
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MONITE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction. ii 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED, That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one. dAyisiov F~l N E C L E AN E R S OF FINE CLOTH E S
Let's Ring that ir ' ' ' ■ _ Gong of Success Hit a new high in grades this semester. Hang up another Big Ten Basketball Championship. And get your car in top condition at
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
Saturday, February 3, 1940
£jthjih, £dUA. ByHankMiUer Radio stars and others working in radio who have not yet reached stardom like and hope for fan mail which is the same to a radioite as applause is to an actor or afctress on the legitimate stage. With this in mind, here is what might be termed the best applause a comedian could receive. V
c-c Marlin Hurt, who holds down the character role of Beulah on the Home Town show, received a bill for 75 cents which was sent in by a listener who wanted the cash to pay for cleaning the suit he dirtied up rolling on the floor in laughter at Beulah. (At least it makes a good story.)
Opera lovers, attention! Lily Pons, coloratura of the Metropolitan, will be heard for the second time this season in a Saturday matinee broadcast from the Metropolitan Opera House today a% 12:55 over WMAQ. She will sing the role of Lucia in Donizetti’s “Lucia Di Lammermooi’.”
On the Air Tonight — Take your pick: 6:00 WLW—What’s My Name 6:30 WGN—-Capt. Herne, News 7:00 WGFL—Gene Krupa’s Orchestra. WBBM—Gang Busters WMAQ—-Arch Oboler’s Plays 7:30 WMAQ—Stop Me If You’ve Heard This One WBBM—-Wayne King’s Orch.
WGN—Hawaii Calls 8:00 WBBM—Your Hit Parade 8:30 WMAQ—Death Valley Days 9:00 WMAQ—Bob Crosby’s Orch. 10:00 WGN—Art Kassel’s Orch. 10:15 WMAQ—Ted Weems’ Orch. These listings are as near right as possible but unforseen changes may arise.
We have had many questions asked us about tryouts for WBAA' for people'who want to announce or write or do some sort of work around the station. Station officials have told us that announcers’ tryouts will be held a week from Monday, or to be more definite, Monday, February 12, at 5 p. m... Tuesday, February 13, at 5 p. m. anyone who was not able to come Monday will be accommodated along vrith all persons wishing to tryout for Campus Varieties or other musical programs. However, see tomorrow’s Exponent for the story giving full particulars
Enough for today and until tomorrow, 73 and good listening. New York University has more students (37,376) than any other U. S, college or university. Gfeorge Washington University will soon begin the construction of a million dollar auditorium.
t/se EXPONENT Ads
Extra Savings On Clothing With'a Reputation For Quality! HAND TAILORED ALL-WOOL TOPCOATS
Every One ^ qjRegularly ^ $22.75 ■ New Styles That Have Just Arrived Added To Our Own Fine Stocks! Men, you pocket dollars and dollars of savings if you buy right now—-for this offer is good this week only! Choose from all the wanted styles, patterns and colors, including the new blues, greens, tans and greys. They’re great buys . . . you’ll heartily agree when you see them.
Complete Selection!
Complete Size Range!
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK , DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION
• Florists
DENTIST , 1 19 Vz Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
/■ DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST
• Jewelers
522 Main St. Phone 4Tdl LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist > 504 Main St.