This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY May 28, 1938 Lafayette, XadUnKi VOL. 49 No. 191
Compile Data From ■ ■ •
JL ... national mechanical ( Housing Survey Blanks
Editor’s Note: These scales were mimeographed on a jingle sheet of paper in a form much resembling the personnel rating'scales sent out by the University engineering personnel department. Blanks for address, dii^tance from catnpus, landlady’s name and phone number were provided at the top of the sheet. The following paragraphs indicate the nature of the rating scales and the all-University averages compiled for each.
Heat And Ventilation Perfect score was 20; University average, 14.39. Scale ran as follows: 1-5, room cold. Air bad. Usually less than 60 degrees. 6-10, temperature occasionally between 68 and 72 degrees. 11-15, temperature between 68 and 72 degrees. 16-20, always comfortably warm and fresh. Genetal Cleanliness Perfect score, 12. University average, 8.91. Scale: 1-4, cleaned occasionally, dirt in corners. 5-8, rooms usually clean. 9-12, rooms very clean. (This scale includes cleanliness of bathroom.) Room Furnishings Perfect score, 8. University average, 6.12. Scale: 1-3, rooms poorly furnished. 4-6, rooms reasonably furnished. 6-8, rooms cheery; furniture of ample size, stability and appearance. Space For Living Perfect score, 6. University average, 5.23. Scale: 1-2, very crowded too many students for room. 3-4, a bit cramped, room well filled. 5-6, not crowded, plenty of room. Noise In House Perfect score, 12. University, average, 9.02. Scale: 1-4, house carries sound, quiet hours not observed. 5-8, quiet hours poorly observed. 9-12, house very quiet. Carpets in halls, etc. Quiet hours observed. Lights Perfect score, 15. University average, 12.37. Scale: 1-7, halls and rooms poorly lighted, students limited in use of lamps. 8-16, halls and rooms well lighted, no restrictions on reasonable use of lamps. Bathroom Facilities Perfect score, 16. University average, 11.69. Scale: 1-6, bathroom small and poorly lighted. Hot water insufficient. 6-10, bathroom fair size, but crowded at times. Usually sufficient hot water. 11-16, bathroom well lighted. Sufficient lavatories. (One per eight students). Plenty of hot water. Landlady's Attitude Perfect score, 12. University average, 9.68. Scale: 1-4, too inquisitive. 6-8, indifferent; pays little attention to students. 9-12, cooperative, interested in students’ welfare. General This completed the rating scales. Below them on the same sheet were provided blanks for: Your bed: single or double; in dorm or study
Results from the Purdue Independent Association’s housing survey were released last night by Bob Heine, PIA man in charge of the work. The survey included the distribution of 4,321 rating charts to men students, and then the compilation of data and calculation of averages taken from these charts. Opinions of each ed were recorded on these charts, a description of which appears elsewhere on this page, on the conditions prevalent in his own place of residence. Eight general qualifications were considered, and the students asked to score their own house on each one. Perfect score for the complete chart was 100. The University average came to 77.41 while Cary Hall North received the highest rating of 92.6. Covers 541 Houses Sanctioned by President Elliott and Dean Fisher, the survey covered 641 student residence places. Bob Heine ran the show, assisted by Bob Bauman, Beatrice Shock, and many other PIA workers. Landladies will receive before the beginning school next year copies of their own house rating, and a comparison of that rating with the University average. The averages of separate groups of residences is as follows: rooming and boarding houses, 68.8; rooming places housing 1 to 4 students, 85.6; rooming places with 4 to 8 students, 76.0; 8 to 16 students, 66.8; 17 and over students, 67.4; fraternities, 82.9; apartments, 78.3; Terry House, 83.1; Cary Hall North, 92.6; and Cary Hall East, 85.8.
national mechanical engineering honorary, followed their picnic yesterday afternoon with the election of officers at the home of Prof. G. A. Young. The new officers are: president, D. C. Harvey, Batavia, N. Y.; vice-president, R. M. Sasser, Chicago, 111.; secretary, F. A. Robbins, Midland, Pa.; and treasurer, D. W. Clugston, Columbia City. Benny Goodman., . . . arrangements of current tunes will draw lovers of swing music to a free “jam-session” by Glen Goff and his orchestra from 7 to 7:45 tonight in the Union ballroom. Following the “jam-session,” Goff will play at the regular mixer, which will last
from 9 until 12 p. m.
Betty McQuisten and Vern Breitweiser are the featured soloists of the band? which has played at South Bend, Bloomington, Indianapolis, and the University of Illinois. The band was previously directed by Pat
Clinton.
Chinese Students' Club lo Honor Seniors, Grads With Farewell Dinner This evening Chinese Students’ Club will give a farewell dinner at Wheelei’s Restaurant to honor members who will receive degrees this year. Gow Soo-Hoo, president of the club will preside. Graduating members are Gow Soo-Hoo, Science; James Lee, CE; and Fred Yee, ME. C. H. Chou and H. S. Loh, who will return to China soon, will take back Masters of Science degrees. Officers for the next semester are president, T. C. Hsiung; secretary, I. T. Yen; treasurer, P. C. Liang.
Pistol Team Completes Fourth Perfect Season
Captain W. L. Kay
who has coached the varsity pistol team to victory in 52 out of 53 matches has been transferred to Ft. Knox. room; number of students in room; maximum number of students in house; and price of rent per student. Then space was provided for the rater to sign his own name and his class in the University.
Varsity pistol team, coached by Capt. W. L. Kay, F. A., recently established a record as they brought their season to a close, winning the Chief of Field Artillery’s ROTC match for the third time. Previous championships were won in 1935 and 1936. University of Colorado, title winners in 1937, took second place, as the University of Utah, Texas A. & M., and the University of Florida finished in the order named. R. C. Becker, of the University team, won second high individual honors with a score of 282 out of a possible 300. P. B. Ewing, also on the varsity, finished third in the individual scoring. Won 52 Matches During the last four years, under the coaching of Capt. Kay, the varsity team has fired 53 matches, losing only one to Cornell in 1936 by five points. In addition to their intercollegiate matches, the varsity has competed in the National Rifle Association matches, winning the championships in 1935, '36, and ’38. Capt. Kay, who was assigned to the University in 1933, recently received orders transferring him to Fort Knox, where he will take up the post of construction quartermaster.
Local Police Seek Flag Stolen From Curb Wednesday West Lafayette police are seeking the American flag and pole that wpre removed from the curb of the Main street levee Wednesday during Northwest Territory caravan celebration. A young man accompanied by two girl removed the flag from its place about three o’clock Wednesday afternoon. The trio then proceeded down the street with the flag, according to information given to the police by a Lafayette street, car conductor. Authorities stated yesterday that if the flag is returned immediately no questions will be asked and no action taken. Riding Club Elects Summers President Irvin Summers EE ’39, was reelected president of the Riding Club at a meeting Thursday evening at 7:30 in the Union office. Other officers are Ed Little, vice-president, Fred Hartman, treasurer; and Mary Mather, secretary. Max Bonham and Bob Harper were appointed to the executive board by the president. The purpose of this board is to plan functions for the club. Summers reported that, as a result of the success of the riding club horse show held recently, several bridle paths will be established next year. He also announced that riding club memberships are active this summer permitting members to ride at reduced rates. Wesley Foundation Plans Trips To Camp Tecumseh, Turkey Run This Week End Wesley Foundation has planned two trips for Decoration Day weekend. The first trip will be to Turkey Run today. The group will leave the Foundation at 12:30, and will return this evening. The annual fellowship service for both old and new Wesley Foundation council members and their guests will be held at Camp Tecumseh on Monday. Baseball, swimming, boating, and a treasure hunt will be the main events of the afternoon. In the evening the group will go to old Indian Council Ring for a steak roast followed by an inspirational campfire service. Each senior will give a short talk during the service and new foundation officers will be installed. Sigma Alpha Epsilon .., . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Charles F. Sopcak, of Gary.
Elliott Sanctions Second Student Book Exchange President Elliott yesterday gave sanction for the second Book Exchange to be held next fall as a free service to all University students. Originated by a group of undergraduates, the first Exchange was held in February of this year and sold nearly $2,500 worth of second-hand text-books.
Purdue Will Honor World War Dead On Memorial Day Memorial Day Services, paying tribute to Purdue’s World War dead whose names appear on the bronze plaque in the Memorial Union Building, and faculty members and students who have died during the past year, will be held at 9:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall Monday morning. The program will include an address by Prof. A. H. Momoe, head of the speech department, “With Malice Toward None,” and the reading of the necrology by Dean of Men M. L. Fisher. Members of Scabbard and Blade, and the Purdue Order of Military Merit, will combine to form a guard of honor for the exercises. After the speeches, the guard of honor will place a wreath on the bronze plaque, which will be moved from the Union Building to Fowler Hall for the ceremony. Band buglers will then blow taps, followed by a national salute of 21 guns fired from the oval by the guard of honor, closing the services in Fowler Hall. The guard of honor will then accompany President Elliott to the grave of John Purdue, on which the president,will place a wreathT This will conclude the morning’s exercises, which students, faculty, and townspeople are invited to attend.
Today . . .
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Local showers and thunderstorms today. Generally fair and warmer with showers tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 78; low, 61; mean, 69.6.
... is Poppy Day. Twenty years ago American troops began large scale participation in the World War. Today disabled veterans will offer paper replicas of the wild poppies of France and Belgium, to be worn in tribute to the men who died in action. No price is asked for the flowers which are made by disabled veterans at the Marion Veterans’ Hospital, but contributions by those receiving the flowers will be used to help support the Legion, to supply auxiliary work for disabled veterans and their families, and the families of deceased veterans. George W, Japp . . . . . . Ag '41, recently injured in a chemical explosion at his rooming house, has returned to his home in Terrace Park, O., after losing his thumb and two fingers of his right hand. The explosion occurred as Jaap was removing some chemicals from his room, chemicals that a few days before had exploded during the performance of an experiment by his roommate, M. L. Hillmer.
Tentative plans for the second Exchange were made at a meeting held last Sunday afternoon. Personnel of the new Book Exchange Board chosen at that meeting includes: Sully Mason, chairman; R. A. Buckles, publicity director; C. E. Burton, records manager; H. I. Stanback, secretary; C. G. Elliott, books receiving manager; J. A. Richardson, personnel manager; P. T. Cooper, equipment manager; Mary McClelland, assistant records manager; and R. C. Kany, assistant publicity manager. Open September 12 Workers for the next year Exchange will be drawn from Student Senate and Student Union rosters, and will be under the direction of Personnel Manager Richardson. Monday, September 12, will be opening date for the Exchange next fall, with the doors opening for business promptly at noon. For the rest of the week the schedule of business hours will be 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. The Exchange will close all day Sunday, September 18, then reopen Monday and run as long as necessary to complete selling and money return. Stiff Members Feted At Dinner Prof. J. D. Hoffman, Prof. W. P. Turner, J. J. Dietrich, and M. Turney, all of the practical mechanics department and who are retiring at the completion of the present academia year, were guests of honor last Thursday night at a dinner of the engineering staff held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. President and Mrs. Elliott, Mrs. Hoffman, and Mrs. Tumey were special guests at the affair which was attended by 125 persons. Prof. A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, presided and introduced President Elliott who in turn spoke in praise of the valuable services rendered by the retiring men during their years on the faculty. President Elliott also presented each man with a hand lettered certificate with the names of each in gold on black leather covers, giving the dates of their service. Debris Distribution , . . . . . will continue today from 11 until 2 p. m. from the Debris office in the Memorial Union Building. There are approximately 125 fuUy paid for copies and 110 partially paid for copies yet to be called'for. Final distribution from the Union office will be Tuesday afternoon from 4 until 6 p. m., and Debris officials expressed the desire that those who have not yet obtained their copies would do so at the earliest possible convenience.
Semester Final Examinations Will Commence Tuesday
The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts foi' irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by con-^ sultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. ♦Examinations will be held in the same rooms inlwhich the divisions regularly reciteX The following a^reviations are used for department^^nd buildings: ad—Applied Design Ag—Agriculture Agr—Agronomy AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry AE—Agriculture Engineering ah—Animal Husbandry
AM—Applied Mechanics B—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—^English - ; Ent—Entomology FHG—Field House Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N—^Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops
-Gov—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall Hist—^History HA—Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management MM—Meteria Medica Math—Mathematics ME—Mechanical Engineering MT—Military Training ML—Modern Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Pharm—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—^Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics
Psy—Psychology Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Soc—Sociology Spch—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2 Period 1 TUESDAY, May 31, 8-11 A. M. Coimse Divisions Room AD 105 All • AD 200 Jk.ll ♦ Agr 124 All • B 166 All * Chem 110....A11 * Chem 201d..All • Econ 231 ....All • Ed 135 All •
F&N 134 ....All * F&N 135 ....All * GE112 All ♦ HA 130 All * IM36 All * MT 8 All ♦ MT 18 All * PE 46 All * PEW 151....A11 ♦ Pharm 34....A11 .... * Poul 111 ....All • Soc 140 All * Period 2 TUESDAY, May 31, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room Agr 126 ...„.A11 ♦ AM 102 ......All • B 160 All • Chem 110b..All * Chem 120-...A11 • Chem 132....AU ...Chem 214
Chem 201f..All * Chem 206....A11 * CE 62 All * CE202 All ♦ DH 107 All • Econ 1 .1 * Ed 152 All ♦ Ent 6 All • Ent 105 All * For 108 All —• GE 103 J)-F EE 129 GE 106 Special ME 108 Geol 122 All Heav 202 HA 110 Jk.ll HE 109 Hort 18. All Hort 202 Hort 22—....All Hort 2(% PE 186 JUl • PhC 114 All ♦ Phys 106..-..A11 ..s., * Poul 110. AU • , (Continued on page 4)
bv |*$£/UhfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
?lunufL.
Saturday, May 28, 1938
Jha £ditah : Student Housing Surveys... . . . this year have been carried on by two University student organizations—the Purdue Independent Association, and Alpha Phi Omega, national Boy Scout organization. Results of PIA’s survey are published in today’s Exponent, while the Alpha Phi Omega’s statistics are not as yet complete. Distinctly separate methods were utilized in making the two surveys. PIA canvassed men students in their morning classes one day last fall, got each one to rate his own residence on a mimeographed form similar to a personnel rating chart. The Alpha Phi Omega investigation is based on facts gathered by a corps of workers who personally vilsited over 400 rooming places and filled in blanks on a two-page questionnaire sheet. PIA got opinions, 4,231 of them, from the students who actually lived in the places they rated. The writers of these opinions, should have been well qualified to give accurate information. PIA’s survey was comprehensive in its coverage of the male student body, and wellhandled by PIA personnel. PIA only asked for general ratings on eight important qualifications, however. No specific questions were asked, no reasons for unusual conditions were obtained. Alpha Phi Omega got facts, over 100 of them, about each rooming house it surveyed. These facts were gathered by a canvassing group of workers, based on actual observation of conditions at the rooming-place. The survey could thus be more comprehensive, and much more detailed information be obtained concerning each particular place. The surveyers were usually strangers to the places they visited, however. They could only record things they saw. They got opinions from some of the students living in the houses, but they probably missed important factors such as accurate estimation of landlady attitude and the true contritions for study which existed. Both systems have their points of merit. Comparison and combination of the data compiled from both should prove both interesting and valuable. Both organizations are working in cooperation with University officials, particularly the Dean of Men’s Office. Next year much of the information obtained from these surveys will be made available to the general student body, in order that they may have some basis for choice of residence. The results of PIA’s survey published today show several interesting things. With the rating scales they used giving a possible total of 100, the all-University average score for rooming houses, residence halls, fraternities, and apartments was only 77.41 ... or just a little above passing if considered by academic standards. North Cary Hall topped the list with a score of 92.6. Significantly third came the group of 163 rooming houses, accomodating less than five students each, with 85.6. Four other of the groups of rooming houses, classed according to the number of students living in them, were separately averaged.
the Purdue Exponent
I. _ Rweu—MM cr ip. —I I ii»i I .1,.^
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscription $3 per year; by mail $3.50.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — U* S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Editor’s Secretary — Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — — W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director U. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebheler, y R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor Associate Editors .
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—H. Wist Saturday, May 28, 1938
By Joy Johnson There is a tendency for people, when they get into the woods for a picnic to forget the manners they remember in residence hall, boarding house, fiaternity and sorority houses. Instead of waiting until everyone is served and has enough to eat, some rush right ahead and fill their plates to overflowing. Then they sit in silence offering nothing to the occasion until their plates are empty. There is no need for hoggishness. There will be plenty of food to go around. Take only a moderate first serving, and go back for “seconds” if still hungry. ' And don’t sit like a bump on a log while gulping down the contents of your plate. Join in the conversation, and the picnic will be more fun for everyone concerned.
is obliged to spend near half his time for almost a month before to hear a great variety of please and pretenses for that end; and often times half or more upon a variety of pretenses have got liberty to go home before the time appointed that is attended with many inconveniences: “It is oidered that this practice be prevented for the time to come, and that none be allowed to go home at that time unless by reason of sickness or some such extraordinary occasion, and that no prenteses be made that a horse is sent unless there be also a letter from the parents or guardian to the President signifying some extraordinary reason for it. And that such students transcribe this order and send it to their parents or guardians some month before the vacation.”
The University of New Hampshire next fall will inaugurate a new four-year school of hotel administi'ation.
Check Final Exams Check the final examination schedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your finals. Failure to understand the schedule sheet is not sufficient cause to warrant a second examination. Absence from a final will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men. Maj, Stuart McLeod . . . local resident and one of the officers who assisted Major General W. E. Cole during the inspection of the University ROTC corps two weeks ago, has received notice from army headquarters in Washington to proceed to Indianapolis August 1, where he will become field artillery inspector with the Indiana National Guard.
collegiate
Spring vacations have always been mighty bothersome for college officials ever since the earliest days of our oldest institutions. Witness this edict passed by the Princeton University board way back on September 12, 1759: “Whereas, there is a peculiar disposition on the part of students to go home some days or weeks before the May Vacation and the President
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
These four groups were the four lowest. Almost invariably it was discovered that the rating of the rooming houses slumped sharply as the number of resident students increased. Fraternities, apartments, and the other University residence halls were bunched together, each getting about the same rating in the high seventies or low eighties. Landladies will receive before the beginning of school next fall individual reports comparing their houses with the University average. PIA’s survey will be the basis for these reports which will cover PIA’s eight general qualifications. . I Student housing has become a more serious problem with the University growth of recent years. Exponent, at the beginning of this year announced as point one in its platform: “Improve student housing conditions.” Exponent has since worked with Alpha Phi Omega in their survey, and will continue to do all in its power to better the living and studying conditions prevalent around the University. We ask landladies to “clean house;” we urge students to cooperate; and we are confident the effort will be exceedingly worthwhile to both.
—LAST DAY-
—PLUS— ALEXANDER KORDA’S Flj^ GREAT MUSICAL
— with — PATRICIA ELLIS
STARTING SUNDAY
^Eene laijiiionil • Oii|mpe Srailna STOLIN HEAVEN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
NOTICE TO THE SENIORS— There are only TWO more weeks to get your pins back. You have had your FLING, now for the STING.
NOW THAT THE majority of the elections are over with on the campus, everyone can- start re-making the friends they lost through campaign talks, back-stabbing, and the DIRTY politics in general.
WE WONDER how some of the boys will make out with their new jobs next year, such as ’’Women’s Man” McGhee, who not only has SAA, Catalyst, and Gimlet, but also his pressing obligations to the co-eds?
WE WONDER that if the Kappas are going to lock themselves in this year to study for finals, if it would be possible to get a job as tutor ?
AFTER THINKING it over we’re afraid that the course of study would be rather a COARSE study. Any girl can be gay in a classy coupe. In a taxi they all can be jolly. But the girl worth while Is the girl that can smile. When I’m taking her home in a Trolley.
What is home without a mother? I am tonight. —A couple borrowed.
Art Siebenthal says: “I’m getting D sick and tired of sittin’ up in this hot Debris office and waitin’ for the guys to get their books, when I could be sittin’ on the side lawn watching the Alfa Kys go to and fro.”
There are still 300 to go and over half are paid for. —paid ad.
‘Please, dear, don’t call me up every hour and ask if I still love you—you know I hate to talk shop!”
The Carnegie Corporation has given more than $1,500,000 to the University of Chicago graduate library school for research.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT
—LAST TIMES TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
I5SS...J.. BLAZING BARRIERS — with — Junior Coghlan Edward Arnold, Jr.
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY JANET GAYNOR and FREDRIC MARCH in :A STAR' ^IS BORH
—AND— mmK EWNi-fif^FiHsl 'it''
-LAST TIMES TODAYJack Randall in “DANGER VALLEY”
John Wayne in ‘DOL OF THE CROWDS” “PAINTED STALLION”
5 Days Starting TODAY
THE WORLD’S MOST BELOVED ROGUES LIVE FOREVER ON THE COLOR SCREEN
...IN MISHTY ROMANTIC ADVENTURE THAT HAS THRILLED ALL TIMEl
Daring deeds . . . bold loves . . . reckless valor . . . sweeping the screen In a furore of thrills beyond compare!
OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND BASIL RATHBONE aAUOE RAINS
PATKIC KNOWLES ■ EUGENE PAIXETTB ALAN HALE ■ MELVILLE COOPEB IAN HUNTER • UNA O’CONNOR EXTRA Captain and the Kids CartoonSaturday. Mqy 28. 1938
THE PUBOUE
EXPONENT
Indiana Beats Purdue Nine In First Game Of Series. 6-2
Phi Delta Theta Wins Greek Baseball Title
Beat Alpha Gamma Rho, 6 To 3, In Final Game Playing heads up baseball during the game the Phi Delta Theta baseball team defeated the Alpha Gamma Rho nine 6 to 3 yesterday afternoon to capture the interfraternity baseball crown. The Phi Delts beat the Sigma Alpha Epsilon squad Wednesday afternoon in the finals of the losers’ league earning the right to meet the Alpha Gamma Rho’s, victors in the winners’ bracket, for the title. Thursday afternoon the Phi Belt’s in the first contest of the series, downed the Alpha Gam’s, and did it again yester-^ day in the second and deciding contest to become the champions. Early Scoring In the first inning the Phi Belt’s took advantage of the AGR’s faulty fielding to score two runs on a walk, bunt and single. The Alpha Gam’s Came back in the second inning to bat the ball around for two singles and two doubles to obtain two runs and tie-up the score. However, the Phi Belt’s soon broke the tie when the Alpha Gam pitcher allowed two walks and a double to fill the bags. Next man up, Jones, Phi Belt centerfielder, proceeded to smack the ball out of the lot to make the score 6 to 2. In the fourth frame the first man up for the Alpha Gam’s hit a triple and the next man smacked a single to bring Kessler in. Beta Doubles Team Wins Tennis Title In the finals of the fraternity class “A” doubles team tournament .yesterday the Beta Theta Pi doubles team downed the Phi Kappa combination 6-1, 6-1, 6-1 to capture the crown. This makes the second consecutive year that a Beta team has won the title. The Beta team was composed of Morse and Perris,
TodayHurler
Carroll “Turk” Mangas has been chosen to pitch against the Hoosiers today for his last appearance in the Old Gold and Black uniform. League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York - 22 9 .710 Chicago— 22 13 .640 Boston 16 12 .571 Cincinnati 17 16 .515 Pittsburgh ............ 15 16 .487 St. Louis 13 18 .419 Brooklyn 12 23 .343 Philadelphia 9 18 .333 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 5; Pittsburgh, 0. AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Cleveland '22 11 .667 Boston 19 12 .613 New York ...17 12 .586 Washington .......... 19 17' .527 Detroit 15 17 .469 Chicago 12 14 .462 Philadelphia 11 19 .367 St. Louis 9 22 .290 Yesterday’s Results . Detroit, 5; Chicago, 2.
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Beokst'ores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Eduexation H. G. ROSNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything' for the Purdue Student
• Hardware
Jewelry
R. I. BATH Watch Maker 605,Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 8050
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed — Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayette
• Frinfirig
SUDDEN SERVICE
P
RINTING OEIc« Stationery , . Wedding Invitation*
PHONE - Sale. Books, Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP • Locksmith "C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L • Professional DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119yj Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965.
Lemen, Bodeau Favored To Win At Slate Meet Six defending champions will headline ,the state track meet at Bloomington today as Notre Dame attempts to dethrone last year’s champions, Indiana, with Purdue’s help. Bob Lemen will be the only Boilermaker with a title to defend, but Art Bodeau is favored to grab the half-mile crown after beating the Indiana men in the Big Ten meet last Saturday at Ohio State. Indiana Champs The Hoosiers have four defending champions in Smith, mile star; Hicks, 440 yard dash; Trutt, halfmile ; and Shoemaker, pole vault. Faymonville of Notre Dame is the sixth champion, having a shot put and a discus crown to defend. Purdue is counting heavily on points in the hurdles, where Lemen will be supported by Gutting and Shideler, both of whom run me high hurdles. DeLong, who qualified for the finals in the 100 yard dash in the Big Ten championships, will run in both the century and 220, while Curry, Big Ten finalist in the javelin, is another point possibility. Knapp, . who took fifth in the conference meet, is likely to. double in the two mile in an effort to increase the -point total. Boilermakers have no hopes for a championship this year, but are expected to be much more of a factor than in past years with strength being spread out over the team more than in recent state meets. Five Teams Here Today For State 6olf Tournament Five teams have entered in the Indiana Intercollegiate golf championship which will be held this afternoon at the West Lafayette Country club, The teams that will fight it out are Notre Dame, Indiana, Butler, DePauw, and Purdue. Team championship will be decided by 36 holes of medal play. A trophy will be presented to the winning team. Another' trophy will be given for the lowest individual score competition. Although Notre Dame, headed by Sheehan, last year’s individual title winner, will be the slight favorite, the championship tussle is expected to develop into a three-way battle between Hoosierdom’s “Big Three,” Indiana, Notre Dame, and Purdue.
First Baseman Smith Holds Boilermaker Squad To Four Hits As Rain Threatens Game
Joe Waling, senior first sacker, will be playing his last game for the Boilermakers when they face Indiana here this afternoon in the second of the two-game series. Tomorrow In The Churches First Methodist Episcopal 9:30—Church school. Men’s student class and co-ed class taught by Rev. and Mrs. Wm. McFadden. 10:40—Holy Communion. ' 6:00—Picnic supper at the Stadium followed by a “Star Service” at 7:30 p. m. Dr. and Mrs. C. E. Baker will lead the service.
St. John’s 10:45:—Holy Communion will be held in observance of Octave of the Ascension of Christ. “Sursum Corda” will be the sermon topic.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Group discussion led by Dr. Graves. 10:45—Morning Worship. “The Tragedy and the Hope of Mankind” will be the theme of the sermon by Dr. Graham. The choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will sing “The Radiant Morn Hath Passed Away,” by Woodward. There will be no meeting of the Sunday Evening Club,
First Church of Christ 9:30—Sunday School. 11:00—“Ancient and Modern Necromancy, Alias Mesmerism and Hypnotism Denounced”,^ will be the sermon subject.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
We are prepared to give you the best of workmanship and service on the cleaning of your drapes, ” curtains and rugs as well as your summer garments, or any household articles. Remember we are ready to launder or dry clean any article, whichever service it requires, and do it promptly and efficiently. . Phone 3085 AMERICAN UUNDRY
With Big Bill Smith holding the Boilermakers to five hits, the Indiana University baseball squad established an early lead in the first of a two-game series yesterday afternoon, and ended the Boilermaker hopes for a Conference championship by down-
ing the Gold and Black squad, 6-2.
Purdue Tense — —^ ——
The Purdue players appeared to be tense throughout the game and their fielding was considerably marred, by the strain under which they were playing. Although only three errors were scored against them, the Boilermakers muffed a number of good chances because of their eagerness to make good quick
plays.
Both teams were shut out in the first inning, but the Indiana squad succeeded in obtaining two hits and a run in the second inning for the first score of the contest. Purdue still was unable to score against Smith in their half of the second. Hoosiers Have “Field Day” The third inning proved to be the field day for the Hoosier squad. Gwin started the merry-go-round by sending a triple out into left field. Filchock filed, out, and Andres hit a nice single to center, scoring Gwin, and advanced to second on the throw to home plate. Hobson, next up singled and Andres scored from second, Hobson ^moving down to second on the unsuccessful attempt to put Andres out at home plate. Becker hit a slow grounder to Mackiewicz, Andres moving to second with the ball. Mackiewicz, in his eagerness for an attempt at a double play, muffed the ball. Attempting to recover in time to put the runner out at first, he made a bad throw and Andres scored, while Becker moved on to second. Clark then flied out, and Nill was fanned to retire the side, with the score
at 4-0.
Purdue Scores Purdue retaliated in their half of the inning, scoring for the first time during the game. Waling was walked, advanced to second on Art Bredewater’s single, went to third on a fielders choice, and finally came home on Hearne’s single. Huge black clouds suddenly appeared and when rain began to fall it looked as though the game might be called off. However, the storm turned out to be a mere shower and the game continued. Bredewater held the Indiana nine scoreless in the fourth, but the Purdue squad was unable to add to, their score. The Crimson squad increased their lead to 4-1 in their turn at bat in the fifth and held the Boilermakers to a single hit. Indiana Scores Again Neither team was able to score in the sixth or seventh. Bredewater held the Indiana squad during their turn at bat in the eighth. Purdue came to bat, and when Coach Fehring sent several pinch hitters to the plate it looked as if the Boilermakers might still have a chance. Pinch Hitter Scores Vernon batted for Arnold Bredewater and hit just over the head of ' the second baseman for a single. Yeager, batting for Art Bredewater singled advancing Vernon to second. Hearne, next up, was safe at first on a fielder’s'choice, but Yeager was forced at second on the play, while Vernon advanced to third. Dickinson came to bat and hit a fast grounder to the second baseman. Indiana attempted a double play, but succeeded in getting only Hearne out, while Vernon scored. Stamm singled, advancing Dickinson to third. Mackiewicz stepped up to the plate with the crowd yelling for him to “kill it.” Pitcher Smith was taking no chances, however, and threw four straight balls, far wide of the plate.
Today's Game Marks Final Contest For Five Boilermakers Today’s game with Indiana marks the final contest for five Purdue baseball men, as seniors Morris Johnson, Carroll Mangas, Harry Krause, and Joe Waling, don the uniform for the last time. “Red” Breslin, captain of the Boilermaker team this year who is still laid up with his broken ankle, is the
fifth man.
Mangas has drawn the pitching assignment for today and will face the Hoosiers for the second time this year. In the game at Bloomington earlier in the season “Turk” was the loser, 3-2, in a 12-inning game. Johnson is also a hurler and hails from Hammond. Tough Luck Bx-eslin has been the hard luck man of the year. After being chosen captain of the team for this season “Red” suffered a broken ankle while sliding and failed to get into a home game this yeax*. Formerly thoxxght to be a ci’eampuff hitter. Waling, veteran first sacker, has blossomed out with sonfxe booming home runs on several occasions this year and has been playing a whale of a game on the field. Krause, playing in only four coiitests, is smacking the ball for a .400 average and has shown up well behind the plate. With Dickinson on third, Stamm at second, and Mackiewicz on first, Dean filed out retiring the side. Indiana scored one more run off Warner who x’eplaced Bredewater, in the last inning, and quickly finished off Lyboult, Mangas and Ki’ause as Purdue took their final turn at the
bat.
Indiana AB R H E Gwin, cf 5 1 2, 0 Filchock, 3b 5 0 6 0 Andres, 2b ... 5 2 3 0 Hobson, rf 4 3 2 0 Becker, If 5 0 2 0 Clark, lb 5 0 1 1 Nill, ss .' 5 0 0 1 Heldt, c 3 0 2 0 Smith, p 3 0 0 0 Totals 40 6 12 2 Purdue AB R H E Hearne, 2b 4 0 1 0 Dickinson, cf 4 0 0 0 Stamm, If 4 0 10 Mackiewicz, 3b 3 0 0 2 Dean, rf 4 p, 0 0 , Lyboult, 2b 1 0 0 0 Thompson, ss 3 0 0 1 Mangas l o 0 0 Waling, lb ...2 0 0 0 Krause, c 1 0 0 0 Ai‘t Bredewater, c .... 2 1 2 0 Warner, p 0 0 0 0 Am Bredewater, p,... 2 0 0 0 Yeager 1 0 1 0 Totals ............ 32 2 5 3 Yeager batted for Arnold Bredewater, Vernon batted for Art Bredewater in the 8th. Score by innings: Indiana 013 010 001—6 1? Purdue 001 000 010—2 5
DAD’S PLACE - So Handy for a refreshing drink, an ice cream bar or a sack of that delicious Popcorn,
HAYS JEWELRY COMPAMY East Sid« of Sqpirai Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
ViSi''pspwippjl^
■■ fits t-Ml
^CacaL ddA,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TloJUaLL
Saturday, jMoy 28, 1938
Final Exam Schedule(Continued from pafre 1)
Period 3 WEiDNESDAY. June 1, 8-11 A, M. Course Divisions Eoom AeCh nO....All : * AE 141 -Ml : * AH 21.: All * B133 ..MI * Chem 122.....\]1 .:....Chem 320 Chcm 201C..A11 Chem 106 CE 112 All .....CE 201 CE 144 . ..All ....:. CE 201 CE 154 All :..CE 201 CE 164 ... All : CE 201 CE 166 All CE 201 CE 176 All CE 201 CE 181. All CE 201 Ed 134.: All ...- * EE 20 M-Q ; r. EE 129 Eng:! 131. All Eng-l 136 .111 :.. * For 41 All Hort 210 GE 105 All Ed 101 GE182 .AH :.../* GE 182H. All * Geol 124:.....All i:..,.: * HA 8 A : ’ ..I..., * HAS B ...: ..HE 108 ME 173 A ME 108 ME 173.: B ...............ME 207 ML 146 ......All : : * PE 175 All : ,.... * Phafm 137 All , * Phys 105 . .All Phys 202 Phys 123 ....All Phys 202 Phys 147 ... All ....: ....Phys 202 Psy 155 .......All ......Ed 6 Spch 107 ....All * Spch 142 ....All ........Univ.lOl Period 4 WEDNESDAY, June 1, 1-4 P. M. Couise ■ Divisions Room AD 56 All * Agr 11 All Ag 201, 206, 209 AE 13 All : AE 201, 202 AE:21 All * AH 4 ...2.....A Ag 103 AH 4 B Ag 104 AH 4 C Ag 118 AH 143 All Ag 206
B 119 All .....SC 14 B 135 All ...:.. * B 138 All * ChE 137 All * Chem 1 F, G, H Ed 201, 203 Chem 264 .. All * GE 6 ..: A CE 101 CE 6 ..........B : G 101 CE 6 C, D G. 201 GE 6 ...E G 301 CE 6 ..F G 303 CE 6 G G 203 CEO H CE 201 CE 6 I .....CE 308 CE 6 J CE 301 CE 222 All * Ed 11b All ...Ed 208 Ed 17 ..B Ed 105 Ed 123 ....... All .:. ......* EE 23 ........ A, D EE 350 EE 23 ..: B, C .......: .:,.EE 254 Engl 112 ... All :v..ME 3 Engl 126 .. .All i * Engl 137 . ..All * F&N 22 All HE 202, 213, 216 Geol 3 A - Heav 202 Hort 120 ....All ...: ....' * ME 78 All ME 108 ML 128 All * ML 167 .All :..., : * MT 6 .; ..All * MT 16 ; All * PE 42 All * PEW 61 A, B : .:.... * PEW 61 C, D ....Rec 313 PEW 72 . ..All ; EA 205 Pharm 140 All ....: .....: * Phys 2 & 22.A, B, C Phys 202 Phys 2 & 22.D, S.i ..Chem 106 Phvs 2 & 22 E, F, G, L, N, R. Y, AB Ed 101 Phys 2 & 22.H, I, W, XZ, AA..EE 129 Phys 2 & 22.J, K, 0, P SC 211 Phys 2 & 22.M, Q, U, XA, XK ME 207 Phys 2 & 22.T Phys 204 Phys 2 & 22.V Phys 205 Spch 116 ....C, D, XD ..: * EXAMINATIONS TO BE ARRANGED WITH DEPARTMENTS PEW 52, 54, 56, 74 PM 18, 104, 130 Also all graduate courses numbered above 200 and not scheduled above.
Local Ads
FOR SALE-—New Palm Beach summer formal. Never been worn. Cost $20.00. Price $13.50. Size 39. Call Jim, 76272.
A “Legion of Beauty” 600 strong invaded Colgate University’s menonly campus for the annual junior prom.
ROTC Graduates: Students who have completed a senior EOTC course, who will graduate in June, and who are interested in active duty under the Thompson Act should see me as soon as possible. (6-28) —HAYFORD.
FOR SALE—1929 Erskine in .poor condition. $10. Neilson, 213 Russell. Phone 7754.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, bold, rented, purchased, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. E(bershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOMS AVAILABLE—One block from campus. $10 for entire summer session. Phone 41051.
ROOM WITH BATH-^For summer session for two men. Twin beds. Across from Union Building. 116 North Grant.
FOR SALE—Must sell modern 8room California bungalow. Hardwood finish, beautiful parquet oak floors, outside everlasting cypress, full basement, soft or hard water, automatic system; corhpletely redecorated inside and out, new plumbing fixtures, dandy kitchen and bathroom. Nice room for den or study downstairs. Two full lots, fine lawn, bearing fruit trees, nicest street in town, new evergreen and perennial plantings. Finest material throughout. Could not be duplicated in Lafayette for less than $9,000. Only 20 minutes easy drive. Cut living expenses one-third. Taxes only $35 a year. A genuine bargain at $4,500. Open for inspection night and day. Donald Clark, Mulberry.
FORGET THE HEAT... PAUSE AND REFRESH
The familiar red cooler for Coca-Cola has been installed in leading fraternity houses at Purdue.
1..
Near the end of the term, days get hot. But a frosty bottle of Coca-Cola is cold, ICE-COLD. And so refreshing, hook for the familiar red cooler. Pause there and be refreshed. COCA-COLA BOTTLING COMPANY 669-11 Salem Street Phone 4828 LAFAYETTE. INDIANA
Delicious and Refreshing
When you see one of our cabs, you know that someone is receiving prompt, courteous service. For your transportation coll
3071
or
5023
Our cobs ore os close to you os the nearest telephone YELLOW CAB CO. Quick Service Is Our Specialty
Middlebury College in Vermont has a 35,000 acre campus.
Penalty Days During the present semester there are two more penalty dates. They are from noon May 27 to noon May 28, a,nd May 31. These days represent the two 24 hour periods before and after Memorial Day. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $5.00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—“Don’t Listen.” 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—-Market Reports. 12:15—Malcolm Miller, pianist. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Tune Time, Chas. Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Behind the Lens. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—Indiana vs. Purdue, baseball.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Exponent Editorial Staffs There will be no paper Tuesday, May 31. Workersl scheduled for Monday, May 30, need not report. —HARDIN.
Scriveners: Short meetin^r Sunday, May 2!), at 126 W. Lutz, at 7 :30 p. m. All members please come. —JUSTIN.
Christian Science Orgranization: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m,, Tuesday, May 31. —WINTER.
ME 62: Malcedp for absences for all tests of this semester will be given Saturday, May 28, from 2 to 4 p. m. in room 308. —BOLZ.
Senior Mechanicals: Members of the local ASME may call for membership cards at the office of Prof. G. A. Young. These cards should be filled out and returned to the New York office as soon as possible. (6-28) —HOFFMAN.
Gimlet Seniors: Diploma fees have been paid. Get receipt and commencement tickets in cashierls office. (6-28) —GIRARD.
Xi Sigma Pi: There will be a short meeting Saturday, May 28, at lO a. m. in room 316 of, the Horticulture Building. All members are urged to attend. —ROMEISER.
Junior Military Students: All students who intend to go to Fort Knox this summer and are interested in softball or volleyball are advised to conrlmunicate with R. B. Coen at 5071. —COENi
Union Freshmen: All freshmen' who are interested in Union work for next year, please sign paper on bulletin board in Union office. —MATTHEWS.
Your Clothes are entitled to this Protection! All Wool Garments Crown Cleaned are moth proofed at the same operation by MONITE moth proof process. They are insured against damage jfor 6 months or until cleaned again.
N E C L E A N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE ©FFlCi—TOP OF THE HILL
NO SUMMER SCHOOL
ever was uneventful. Many of your fellow students will be seen in Bold and Black — may be even your room mate, or that certain coed. Yes, Campus Actiivties will continue in full swing — and many others are planned. Know when to come to the Campus and get in on the dances and other good times. If you can't be here in person, do the next best by yourself ... order the SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT delivered to your door. Fifty cents for the entire summer mailed anywhere. Deac, South worth's or the Union- Desk will gladly help you with this matter.
Summer Session Edition
the PURDUE EXPONENT