f, ' '' t ' « 'A, ■’ ,
ft ft , « i It
“# “> V 1^
/ ^
tdltORIAL l>RAISES •• I SpiJ'it Of Volunteer ? . Nurses' Aides
\ DUTCH FEHRIN<$ Leaves University For Navy Service
Established 1889
Ah! Spring?
T^ume 56, No. 11
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, May 22,
ar Bond Convo Will Feature Novelty Program
Kenton To Swihg Out For Victory Rally In Music Hall On Friday
tiean Potter Talks pn Patent System '■‘Indianapolis, Ind., May 21—(Special to The Exponent)— American patent system in which changes have been ^‘dvocated the last few years, should be retained essentially 4$ it i$, if invention and respiting industry and employrnent are to be maintained and developed further,” declared Dean A. A. f^otteh, head of the engineering schools of the University, in address here last night beiorb the Indiana Section of the Aftierican Society of Mechani-
cal Engineers.
Deah Potter is also executiVj^ director of the National Pattint Planning Commission named a j^etir or more ago to make a complete study of the patent system and what it means,to American life, dives Services Of Patents *‘To produce a marketable product, a new idea in the form of an invention must be developed and embodied in a form suitable for inariufacture, and apprppriate tools mast be available so that the product can be manufactured at a cost abebptable to the public,” said Dean Potter. “The patent serves to protect the inventor and those who develop, manufacture and sell the lirodUct from uncontrolled competitton of parties who have not shared the burden of invention and its, commercialization.” ^ “It is to the lasting credit of engineers and scientists that our countiy has been able to overcome threatened shortages by developing ^phstitute materials. War incentives have stimulated invention, resulting in new devices of great value to our armed forces. It is to he realized that new wealth to replace the IdSses we are suffering in this war cart come only through the reseaich laboratory. A sound patent system is essential for the protection of the investment in research laboratories. War and post-war needs requii’e a sound patent system.” Dean Potter stated that a report would be made to President Roosevelt at an early date by the Patent Planning Commission.
Navy Graduates New Group f. W. Marshall Holds High Index Of 3.8; Collins Awarded As Most Deserving Student Ninth company of electrician’s mates, third class, was graduated fcom the University’s Naval Training School Thursday evening in the Music Hall. Yeoman Henk led the audience of the tenth, eleventh and twelfth companies, and the public, in the singing of the National Anthem. There followed a short introductory speech
COMPANY NINE GRADUATES Members of Company Nine, who graduated Thursday evening, form for review in the Cary Hall quadrangle where they have been quartered for the past sixteen weeks. They now go to active service assignments as electricians
mates.
Swing Shift Mixer Features 'Sad Notes' Jeans, overalls, and slacks will be the appai’el of the well dressed ed or coed at tonight’s “Swing Shift” mixer in the Norl^i Ballroom of the Union. At the door of the ballroom, or factory, each pair of workers will be required to present their union card Which may be purchased at the table in the hall for $1.10. The baekdi‘op, which shows a busy factory with figures of workers on the “swing shift” will provide a backgrouhd theme. Maury Mahn and his “Sad Notes” will provide the music for the workers on the shift from 8:30 to 11:30.
Capt. Petty Reports For Active Duty Capt. Gen H. Petty, member of the Civil Engineer faculty of the University since 1920, and a University graduate of 1913, has received orders to report for active
duty.
He will leave here May 30, for the Fifth Corps area army headquarters at Fort Hayes, Columbus, Ohio, reporting May 31. Since receiving his commission last fall, Capt. Petty has-been stationed at the Univer-
sity.
Mrs. Petty and her mother, Mrs. Lola Moore, will remain in West Lafayette. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty : The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 24, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott President
by the Ninth company commander, Bernard I. Loft. He praised the work of the men of his company.
^Around She Goes'
Says C S. Doan Bartky Tells Sigma Xi About Copernicus' Theory Of Revolution
By Peg Steffes and George Grunewald
Before a half dozen students and two sailors in the Fieldhouse last Thursday, Prof. C. S.'Doan performed an experiment to prove Copernicus’ theory that the earth revolves around the sun. A 16-pound shot was suspend on a 70-foot
cable from the ceiling of the Fieldhouse.
An inked marker at the bottom of the shot made a single line on a table placed beneath
Their work had been as thorough and as consistent as that of any
other company here, he said. They were leaving a record behind them which merited the Navy’s highest praise, “well
done”.
He mentioned the fact that 26 members of the company were
War* stamps are the issue and a lot of real enjoyment will be the reward, according to John Woolling, Union publicity chairman, when he announced yesterday that the convocation to be held n^xt Friday is more than a usual convocation and has grown into a full-fledged, fun-packed program. In addition to the previously announced music of Stan Kenton and his or11 chestra, a skit will be given hy , the University Playshop, which will be followed by several surprise novelty acts. Admission to the conyo yfill be by tickets given with the purchase of 60 cents worth of war stamps, and is directed toward a goal of $2500 to be added to the University’s share in the war effort. These tickets may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive building, in the Union, at the Sweet Shop table or at Decker Brothers in Lafayette, and will be required for admission to the dance after the convo as well. Townspeople are urged to share in the convo, as well as all servicemen. The latter will be
admitted free of charge. Kenton Main Attraction
The main attraction of the convo is the music of Stan Kenton and his orchestra, a musical organizatiOp which has risen rapidly in popularity during the year which has passed since its conception. Featuring the vocals of Red Dorris and Dofly Mitchell, and the instruments of a group of young Hollywood musicians, they have been called “the most talked of band in music circles”. Following the convo, Stan Kenton will play for a dance'to'he held in the Union Ballrooms, the admission to which will be $1.66 and the same war stamp tickets used for the convo. ^ Since the Student Union Officers feel that the convo is in reality an opportunity to see a really go^ show free, for war stamps are an investment rather than an expense, they feel assured that the turn-out will be gratifying and the goal ex-
ceeded.
Gilbreth Writes Article For May Mademoiselle
the weight as Professor Doan started it swinging in a true north to south plane. After an hour, he allowed the marker to touch the table again, and it
Men Behind The Mike...
WBAA Places Announcers By Bert Squier “Everjione at WBAA who has had staited the station outright. Later mo’s WKMO. They were Mai Ross a sincere interest in radio work has Pittenger announced for WBBM and Johnny DeYoung. Later Johnny obtained a job with a commercial and WIRE before going into the went to WISH in Indianapolis, station after graduation.” Gilbert Armed'Forces. Hank Miller went to When Don Faust went into the D. Williams, Program Director of WPAT in Patterson, N. J., to become seivice, radio temporarily lost one
the station, made this statement in a recent interview and cited a long list of names to substantiate it. WOWO of Fort Wayne has two former WBAA’ers at present. Bill
their piogiam director. At present of its most promising announcers, he is with Elmer Davis’ OWI in Don went to an Indianapolis station chaige of an allied piopaganda sta- from the University, but soon transtion in North Africa. fqrred to WOL in Washington, D. Durward Kirby was advised to G., where he became chief annoiin-
Stewart acts as the master of cere- find another profession by Mr. Staf- cei and finally chief of the Mutual
monies on the recorded Skyline Club ford, WBAA program director pi'Ogram every evening and also when Kirby was a student here, does several daytime programs. On However, first judgments often give weekday mornings Becky Ann Per- the wrong impiession. Kirby had vine conducts her own program of enough confidence in his ability to household hints and recipes. The re- try again and he met with much
Broadcastifig System outlet there. Adams Announces For WLS
The list of former University an- tions, Copernicus simply made over
made a line crossing the first one an approximately ten degree angle, the angle through which the earth had
actually turned.
Doan explained that the plane of the swing remained constant while the table on the earth slowly turned to the east. This proves that the eaith rotates on its own axis; or, as people said of Copernicus, “He caused the sun to stand still and the
earth to rotate.
Baikty Outlines Work
In his speech before the members of Sigma Xi Thursday evening in Stanley Coulter Hall, Dr. W. Barkty, Chicago University professor, gave a brief outline of the pait which Copernicus and other men have played in the evolution of mod-
ern astionomy.
He showed slides which portrayed the universe a§ 16th century scientists visualized it. This universe had as its center the eai'th, above which everything else, including the sun, revolved in a circle. But when^the theories of such a universe failed to coincide with his observa-
During the last war, American women went into industry without
Work To Begin Soon On Next Year's Debris Following the recent meeting of the University Publications Boa^,
year’s book, the 56th Debris, would
be the last for the duration. Asked To Turn In Copy
With Wiske’s announcement
sufficient training. The result was monies the plea to all organizat\oife inadequacy and ineffectiveness. turn in their write-ups as soofi 'as
Since that time the need for women
mainder of her day is spent in preparing the next day’s sciipt, answering fan mail, and talking to the sbonsor. WBAA Staffed A New Station Once WBAA completely staffed a new station which was just beginning to operate. Hank Miller, Dick Pittenger, and Joyce Burnham went to WDWS in Champaign, 111., and
better success as almost evoiyone in the Midwest knows. Morehouse, Fall Work in Evansville The group of stations known collectively as “Evansville-on-tho-air” has had two former WBAA announcers, Ernie Morehouse and Bill Fall. Fall had charge of the Frequency Modulation Station. Another WBAA duo announced for Koko-
noiinceis in the piofession is seemingly endless. We might mention, however. Bill Adams of WLS, Del Gieenwood who went to WDAN in Danville, Illinois, and Bill McCord of the CBS station in Seattle,
Washington.
Most of these men are now in the Aimed Forces. In fact, WBAA has a Service Roll of over fifty names in its lobby, names of men who will again resume their job of making the “Voice of Pin due” nation-wide.
the obseivations to fit his theories. Formulate(l\Three Useful Laws Since then, observations have shown that the earth is just one of a number of planets, i evolving in an eclipse about the sun, and comprising what we-call the universe. This
Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, nationally
not there since they had already left famous member of the University that afternoon, on new assign- engineering staff. Professor of Perments. sonal Relations at the Newark ColBeaver Replies lege of Engineering, and mother of The ninth company replied in the 11 children, has added another person of M. H. Beaver who ad- achievement to her record. In the vised the men of the tenth, eleventh. May issue of Mademoiselle appears and twelfth companies to work hard an article written by Dr. Gilbreth, for their ratings, and concluded entitled, “Science In Action.” with an enthusiastic burst of fight- Dr. Gilbreth urges every woman
ing spirit; “We will show them,” to secure all the training which she John Wiske, Editor of the Debris, he said, “that all military strate- can possibly receive and to employ has announced that there will be gists are not paperhangers.” it by going into vital industries im- definitelv a vear book next vear Bartley Presents Special Awards mediately. She says that definitely a year book next year. After the awarding of certificates science and industry are very close- present adverse condiand an address by the commanding ly related because science as at last especially shortage in workolficer of the Training School, realized tliat its fiist duty is to serve ers, it has been thought that this
Commander Hugh J. Bartley, spe- industry,
cial awards were presented. Fred- Women Receive More Training
rick W. Marchall of Buffalo, N. Y. had the highest scholastic recox-d, with an avei’age of 3.8 out of a possible 4.0. The most desei-ving student was Walter F. Collins of Aber-
deen, Miss., who went through the neeaior women possible in order that the Debris tab University Naval Training School, deci eased, but it has now meet its deadline and be on hand fdr
arisen again with even greater t^e seniors before the end of this volume, and women are today tak- semester. So far, few honorafies mg a great and influential part in ^^^d clubs have turned in theif copy, the war effort. unless this is done at once, there
Each woman should be cei'tain will be a serious delay,
that sh|^s placing herself wheie she Since there will be a yearbook is actm^ly needed and where her editors'haVe talents and abilities will be most announced that there are good opadaptable. Any vocational or tech- portunities for workers who stifl denical school training will be accep- gg^g g^^ ^^d help publisix table in war industries. .j.jjg bggjj types of jobs are avidl-
Tests Determine Interests
Today thei'e are excellent tests being given to determine the vocational intei'est of the applicant.
These tests include achievement Commission Offered To Salesmen
tests, intelligence tests, interest and ^ attitude tests, and aptitude
tests.
Any woman who believes she has the ability to succeed in some pai--ticular field, should do all that she can to develop that ability at the earliest possible date and then use it to help America win the war while she plans for her own futuie.
a tough grind for any man, on
crutches—and coui-age.
The graduating class then filed out for an evening of liberty as the audience and the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth companies, sang “An-
chors Aweigh.”
Hale To Speak
Before AIEE Wednesday
Ensign L. M. Hale will address a meeting sponsored by the University chapter of American Institute of Electrical Engineei's to be held Wednesday, May 26, in Room
254 of the EE Building.
Featured as guest speakei's with Ensign Hale will be Miss Frances Tallmadge and L. C. Pigage, who are respectively in chai’ge of the
universe, supposedly one of an in- RCA and Curtiss-Wright cadettes finite number, revolves every quar- in.training here at the University, ter of a billion yeai's. Miss Tallmadge and Pigage will Although ho did a certain amount speak on the work being done by the of bungling, Copernicus did formu- gb'ls in their own groups while in (See BAR'TKY TELLS, page 4) training at the University.
able; and since many male wot^ers will be called to the serviefe-sbbn, advancement will be much mote probable than in noi-mal times.
Exponent' Coeds Coed edition Monday. All coeds report to office at 4 p. m. sharp. —Lauer
An attractive commission has been offered to Debris salesmen, according to Wiske, who says'tljat now IS the chance for students to make real profits in spare-time selling. This is the only extra-cUtricu-
lar job which pays.
Under the present publication schedule, the Debris will bo delivered around the first of August. 411 interested m working in aity of the many varied jobs are asked to report to the Debris workshop on the second floor of the Union any af^
noon after 4 p. m.*
u.'' '7 ‘ ‘■ Purd^z^xpoimvit 4|
r-.
Saturday^ May
jhut^e JExponent,
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Pieldhouse, pbpne 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Editor Honorary Editor,. Honorary Easiness Manager With the Colors
...William G. Hoskini Dale E. Buti ..Gerhard H. Klouraar.
Editor, BnsiiteSs Manager News Editor Managing Editor Advertising Manager.. Sports. EditorQticd Editor..-,
..Robert W. Boswinkh .....James G. Pettj Sally Beall ..Donald E. Brewci A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dan'soi Jean Lauei
Publication Staff . Editorial Staff Asdocli^c Editors: H. B. Abbott, C. C. Mnrtindcll, E. F. Mur- . phy, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staffr Rntb Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports StaE: R. M, Lipes,-^. J. Smith, G. E. Sowards, Business Staff Alsistant Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt. LSyodtDirector: J. B. Tabb. CircDlatioh Manager: R1 G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager; Mary Dilts.
Editor-in-Chict..
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Squici
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Martindcll . Day Editor: Howci Issue Editor: Andre Sports Editor: Lipcs Workers: .Tameson. Kiiopf, Ward, Stoffes, Grunewald, Roll, Gegrgeson, SwerdlolT.
Entered as second class matter at the' post office in Lafay. e^, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectior 1103. act of October 3, 1917. authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday ,and Saturday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for -111.2,7 for i semester; by mail for $1.00 for a .semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the ■Union. liepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
■m Point wm pi%M
' ■ ■ ' -V . . . ' -
.-V .,'K ,
GRIMfi4D BlAR tt
e
Tm ^Req Merry-go-round By DREW PEARSON Brass Hats Opposed To Officer| Vickery's SmalS Plane Carriers; New Smporf-ant Weapons WASHINGTON-—This column recently revealecj how the Navy had publicly taken credit for. usingj helicopters as a new weapon against submarines f Wnen as a matter of actual fact the Navy did npl| h^ve even one helicopter in its possession and haci opTiosed the Maritime Commission and the Goasti Giiatii in their campaign to use helicopters, , i'liasit month, Secretary Knox issued another pificei of Navy bally-hoo which made interesting.: reading,| but which had absolutely nothing to do with,the Nayy.f He announced the good news that a number of air-| plane carriers converted from merchant vessels, werei being launched, and that many more would bel launched soon. However, the amazing truth is that the Navy did! not evei) know these particular airplane carriers were| being'constructed. \ ...iShortly before the Knox bally-hoo, forthright Rear! Admiral “Jerry” Land, Chairman of the Maritime] Commission, together with far-sighted Rear Admiral,] Howard Vickery, his construction commissioner, were! conferring with Vice Admiral Fred Horne, right hand . man to Secretary Knox and in charge of Naval Oper- ^ ations. Vice Admiral Horne was asking the MarL time Commission to turn over some of its shipyards for the construction of escort vessels. “We’re already building (number censored) airplane, carriers for you now,” replied Chairman Land. “What airplane carriers ? ” replied Horne, “I thought you were building some transports.” “No,” replied Land, “we’re building flat-tops. They carry planes;” . “When will they be finished?” asked Vice Admiral Horne. ■ “This year,” replied Land. , The Navy was so delighted that five days before Secretary Knox made his announcement of the new airplane carriers, his Admirals sent over to the Henry Kaiser office, which was building the carriers, and offered to take over the whole program. This the Maritime Commission refused. They had started the program, and proposed finishing it. Secret Ships Here is the inside story of how the thing happened. Unfortunately it indicates that, the Navy is sadly lacking in far-sighted executives who plan ahead. The man who put across these converted airplane cai^riers is Howard Vickery, once virtually kicked out of the Navy. Vickery was a lowly commander, had been passed over three times for promotion, was about to be “broken” when the President went over the Admirals’ heads and put him on the Maritime Commission. Vickery is a Republican, son of an Ohio judge who has opposed Roosevelt. But the President recognized his ability, later made him an admiral, despite the Navy. Back in 19.39 Vickery saw war coming, saw the importance of airplane carriers, got a secret order in writing from the President to build passenger vessels for the Pacific which could be converted into airplane carriers. They were to have smokestacks which could be pushed to the side of the deck, plus highceilingcd saloons which could become hangars. Vickery even went before Congress secretly and got the money voted for these ships. After all this work, however, the Navy vetoed the plan. It wrote a letter saying it would, not need these converted cafrier.s. Japan, however, learned about the idea and built this identical type of ship lierself. Prophet Ostracized Meanwhile anothei- Admiral, once spurned by the Navy, came into the pictuio. He was Admiral William V. Pratt, chief of Naval Operations under Hoover, who agi'eed at the 19.‘10 London Naval Conference that sniallei' cruisers wei-e valuable in addition to large cruisers,. (Guadalcanal certainly proved he was right). Because Pratt did not stand 100 per cent behind the 10,000 ton cruiser, othei’ Navy men claimed he hhd “sold out” to the British. When .Pratt retired as Chief of Naval Operations, few came to say goodbye. He was almost osti-acized. Since the. wai', however, Pi’att has come back to Washington from his home at B.atli, Maine, and moi'e than a year ago, he and Admiral Vickery went to woi k again on converting; a small number of previously qqpstructed merchant vessels into aiiplane carriers. This was (lone on a very limited .scale. But it hap-
... to the twenty-four coeds VYho have signed away three hours of their time each week to serve as .Junior Nurses’ Aides at the Hdme Hospital this, summer, . ( Three hours a week isn’t a vast anaount of time, but the twenty-four coeds together free graduate nurses from seventy-two hours of routine duty each week, and the hospitals really mean it when they say that nurses are needed desperately. With so many nurses gone to the Army, the ones remaining must spend a larger number of hours each week in routine work; and the coed who,spends three hours in carrying trnys, arranging flowers, writing letters, or doing pther jobs not,requiring training not only gives her unskilled efforts but also the services of a registered nurse. j Every coed indulges in more than three hours of wasted tirpe each weqk, but to deliblerately give up thp time to specific activity Irequires some courage. And the hours for Iworking are less flexible than those for knitjting, conserving electricity, buying stamps, lentertaining at the U&O, and other varieties [of war effort which the coeds have been en;ouraged to try—and have not. P.lA, which sponsq]:;s,thq,.program, .deserves | :re(iit for finding sqinethingwhich does appeal Icp the coeds.. The students.who have, taken.up. I this work will receive enough, appreciation .’rom the nurses they,.- relieve, that, they will i lot need our praise, but they have it anyway. I'—s.r.b.
mned,.that-th?: first one, epnyerted was commanded by Harry Hopkins’broth(3r-jn-law.-^ , He waV- sp: .pleased with the ship-; that-Hppkins, in j :harge. of Lend-Lease, told: the British, aliout it. The iJ., S,,NnYy wA» still worhing on grandiose iffana for )ig; airplane, carriers reqniring ahout . two, years, to juild. But: the British were interes,tet|,in the possibil--ty of qpick carriers converted f•'piri merchant ships, j 30 Hopkins vailed in Maritime Cpmmisaipn’s, Vickery. “Hpw, wpuldi you lihe to spare IQO of your ea^go lihips for, airplane carriers?” Hopkins asked Vickery, ihaving in niind lending them to, the British. . I,< “It ,woiild be just like taking away my children,” Ireplied Viekery. i . .. . . However, he went ahead and; turned several shipr lyards, milking faat merchant ships, to the production Ipf. airplane; carriers. This, lyas ,done entirely on the iresponsibility of the Maritime Commission. The Navy Ihad nothing to do with it. jiC.a,;i se r,Takes. AH aind.; Later, Henry Kaiser wanted to put an airplane car|rier deck on Liberty .vessels, but Admiral Vickery Told. Ihim it would make the vessels top-heavy and he should fg-o to see William F. Gibbs, the naval designer, and [get him to draw a design. Architect Gibbs fiddled 'around with the plans for some time, got nowhere. So Kaiser came back to the Mai-itime Commission, ’which itself made-the dra>vings for converting Liberty ships into airplane carriers. The drawings were sent ' over to the Navy Department, but the'Navy would have none of it. Kaiser, however, went ahead. And^thosc are the airplane carriers, which Secretary of Navy Knox has now bally-.hooed as if they were the great achievement of a Navy which was still dreaming about giant battlewagons requiring a couple of years to build. Davies Visif-s Moscow Insiders believe that if Ambassador Joe Davies, on his current Mission, to Moscow, is. able to persuade Stalin to sit down for a confab with Roosevelt, he will be a miracle worker. . ' The Russian Premier has been about as leery of conferring with the President as John L. Lewis is of sitting down with the War Labor Board. In some respects, their attitude is similar. According to the diplomatic grapevine, Stalin figures that a conference with the President means a substitute for a 2nd Front in France. He. sees only one reason for the President of the United States wanting to talk to him, namely to explain why a 2nd Front ean’t be started in France. And he would much rather have the 2ncl Front than a few hours of conversation, delightful as it might be. Several weeks ago- U. S. Ambassador Admiral Standley went to Moscow from Kuibyshev to invite Stalin to confer with FDR. But he couldn’t even get to see Stalin. After cooling his. heels for some time’, he got woi’d through Foreign Minister Molotoff that Stalin was too busy fighting the war. Nevertheless, the White House is hoping that Joe Davies may be able to perform the miracle. Note: Last summer another high-up .U. .S, visitor told Stalin that the United States was determined to start a 2nd Front in France. Stalin’s reply was: “Yes, if the British will let you.” (Stalin is not interested; in a 2nd Front in the Balkans which he feels would take too long and would enter Russia’s sphere of influence. He is interested only in a front directly across the English Channel.) Secretary Of War • Secretary of War Stimson, nqw nearing his 7Gth year ,is not the energetic man he used to be, but he has one quality for which there is no substitute— character. Stimson’s character sticks out al) over him—his fairness, his. determination, his sense of honor. However, Jie remains sensitive about his age. Some time ago .several of his friends and associates were discussing the qualifications of gaunt, grey Bernard Baruch as possible chief of the War Production Board. Undersecretary of War Patterson was urging Baruch as the ideal man, so were Gen. Somervell and I'erdinand Eberstadt, late of WPB. However, WPB Chairman Charles E. Wilson objected. “Baruch is a great man,’' he said. “He has contributed some fine things to winning the war. But he’s too old.” “Hmphhh!” snorted Stimson, “he’s three yeans younger than I am.” (Coj)yright, 1913, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc,)
At one tinae William L. Green, president of thd ■ Al^e^i&ni Federation of Labor, would have been'very happy ;tb';'^el6d^^ the Uniteii Mine Workers and John L. Lewis back info'the fold. Blit with the recent rampage {hat Lewis,performed.stilJ'Jl’esli in his memory, it seems hardly likely; that Green is apy jibo happy;,qver th,e whole affair, 'In'; He wouidijike.tp get the UMW cloubtedly end up With, .another back but he still.must contend wrong guess.,on,th.eir htop%, n:^ ,, J “Mission.to MoscbwYvD^ytes has vpth the supposed popijlarity .mveu'in Most* fi*'the of Lewis Hinong’ the laboring second time with his secret dispatch class. The possible answer;Df from President RoOBeveit, and Green’s to Lewis’ wish could be that whatever soothing words’iit might the pugnacious Lewis resign and, contain are sure to be offset SiDPt^sT completely get out- of the labor busiT what, by the , very vUiifayoi-able ness for a long vacation before he commentaries tha't have. been fl'oat-
Tf you gentlemen -will quit arguin’ about policing the world, the chief says maybe you could investigate a disturbance at Hoolihan’s Bar down on 6th street.”
9n, JhsL
. Wesley Foundation E. R. Basley, Minister to Students 9:30 A. M.—-Student ChurGh School. Mass Class with Judge W. Lynn Parkinson .speaking on Juvenile Deiiquency. 10:40 A. M-—-Morning Worship Service., Dr. Otto Scott. Steele will speak on “The Christian (Vista of Life.” Speciial music. 5:15 P. M;—University of Christian Living. fellowship supper. Discussion groups with Drs. E. L. Butz and C. K. Ganong as resource leaders. All. University students welcome. Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program \ In the Lafayette Church Bldg., Gth & North. 9:30—Student Cla.ss. (SoUliers and Sailors welcome.) The Rev. Doyle Mullen will speak on the subject, “Religion, Yes, But Why Christianity?” This continues our series on . questions, of religious faith, proving very popular. 10:40—-Church Worship Service. The- sermon will continue the discussion of vital questions under the social .gospel, especially relating to a Just and Duralile Peace. The Rev. Doyle Mullen is the preacher. At 131 S. Grant . 5:15—Fellowship Supper, “for Starting Tomorrow . ms STORY OF EVERY REDFe.GHTIMG MAN IN AFRICA TO0AY t '
your entertainment.” FORUM program.. Bring, lyour friends to participate.in the discussion on the “Personality of Jesus” relating to the subject of the morning class, The candle-light vespers service will , close the program promptly at 7:30. , , . Attention! Ah Lui,uerans and their friends are invited to the first outdoor party of-the season. A pic,nic will be hekPMay 23 at the Murdock Bark. The group will meet at the home of Rev. Stolldorf on GIG Ninth St. in Lafayette, directly across; from the Jefferson High School. By" taking a Monon Shops bus and ai-riving about 2 p. m. pai'ty goers will be in time for an afternoon of games, hiking, and food. Those interested in attending should call .Mary Fi'ances Doty, 2696; Walter Alvin, 45852; or Hilda Gettinger, 7G504. Everyone come and bring your friends. .
destroys the gains that labor has, made during the, last ten years. Winston Ghui'phill. anj' Anthony Eden have come out as, definitely for the idea of giving Germany a good pasting from the air before any attempt is made at actual invasion. Both the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have, pointed out that the bombing of Germany is still a drop in the bucket as compared with what it will be in a few months. Tlu^ bombing of Germany will be carried out with little ,intej.'ruption except for bad weather, but Germany won’t be the only place to receive blessing's from the United Nations: All of Europe that is under Axis domination will receive. its share of the bombs. The cqnquered peoples of Europe will have to go along With the bombings and take the cei'tain percentage of death that is bound to come. They will realize that it is-part of the gaine and if the Germans expect to gain sympathizers because of the inpesSent bombing they will unLEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS IN BALLROOM DANCING BY APPOINTMENT PHONE 2150 P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor. •-
(See JUST LOOKING, page 4)
SHNOAY and MONOAY
■ and .
— ALSO —. This Is America "ARMY CAPLAIN' —-PLUS — COLOR CARTONI » % i
Spbrts
I i , ■>''%a<i ■ I,/ ' K« if:, 1' ^ /i 1 ’it' ‘ ,i'-'
f-,y .. ‘p!!-rr
MarquItte ADDED'^ TO 194i GRIDIRON SCHEDULE
V' AtC' ’'■ 'i " '' ' i ’
rfwyji||
"pdl" D^Aiii TO BASEBALL SQUAD
■y. Ud
At Madison Todaf
Plans For Colossal Afhl0k Oh Boilhtmaket's 1943 Fbolball Card
Anrlouilcing plans for a colossal athletic carnival for service groups on the camplis to be held at Ross A4e stadium June 8, “Chief” Clevett, head of the intramural depai'tment, stated that from 1000 to 1600 people would take part in the event. The regular program is scheduled to begin at 7:30 and will reach its finale at about 9, while a few spedal events will start at 7 for early comers. Navy Included On Program Participating in the piogiam will be men from the navy, navy fligdit instructors, army specialized trainees, P.E. 12 students, and, best of all, coeds. Assisting Clevett in the production of the affair aie Miss Alice Bond, representing the co-gd^s. Ensign Frank Nocera of the naVy, Plight Instructor Lt. Fi-ank Cumiskey, and Herm Phillips, track coach. All local fans are invited to attend the carnival, and the admission will be absolutely nothing. The spectators, who aie to bo seated on the west side of the stadium, will witness a demonstration of the physical progress of' tlie participating groups, and will also sec a lot of
nonsense, stated Clevett. P.E. 12 Class Planned Most of the events presented will be given several at a time, but the feature contests of the evening will be shown by themselves. Among the scheduled events will be a typical P.E. 12 class and a typical naval training class period. The flight instructors will give a demonstration of hand-to-hand combat, or how to kill a Jap in one easy lesson, and a cage ball game between 100 P.E. 12 men and 100 sailors is also on the caul. Following this six boxing bouts will be foug'ht by the men in blue, and six wiestling matches will be gHinted by university students. One of the special features will be a one-half mile relay race, with each off the participating groups rcpiosented, excluding the co-eds. Four men will constitute each team ill this contest. A one-mile crosscountry walking race will be put on by the women students. Bicycle Race Two c\enLs are to be open to any student oirdRe cahipus who wishes to take part iiFthem. On the quaiter mile track will be^aged a one mile bicycye race and a '^larter mile foot
c—Annopr-^ I fon .n ■O
See
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
*‘She falls for any man who ^ ivears an Arrow Tie!” Nothing looks so well on a male chest as an Arrow Tie. Arrow tics arc bias cut for perfect-knotting and wrinkle-resisting. The fabrics (whether khaki, black, or crimson and gold) arc top quality, the kind you find in more expensive tics. Be sure to see your Arrow dealer today! $1, $1.50. ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS > UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS -A BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS A
race. Students interested in these events should sign up for this on the notice that is on the bulletin board in the gymnasium. Inside of the oval a special track will be constructed where fraternities will run the “Silver Derby Races”. There will be eleven events in this part of the show, and three fraternities Avill be active in each race. One of the features of this section of the program is the fraternity bicycle race. Each fraternity will be allowed one bicycle and four contestants, the bicycle changing riders after each lap. Also included in the program will be a demonstration by tiaincd^ gymnasts. Clevett Enthusiastic Overshow “The Chief” describes the carnival as being “better than a three ring circus”, and also made even more enthusiastic comments. He then stated that when all the schedules were Avorked out, he would be able to tell about this magnificent pieseiitation of physical prowess moie definitely. Sports Shorts Headed by eight major leaguers including Johnny Mize, Lieut. Mickey Cochrane’s baseball team Horn Great Lakes, last year’s national seivice champions and undefeated so far this year, will play Illinois at Champaign today. The game will be preceded by a revicAV of 1200 sailors from the local signal and diesel training schools. Great Lakes last year Avon 63 games, and lost 14, for an impressive peicentage of .818. This season the Bluejackets at the piesent have a spotless iccoid of five straight wins, including a 19-1 swamping of Wisconsin. When these two teams meet on the diamond it will be the first competitive encounter since 1931 of Lieut. Mickey Cochrane, Gieat Lakes coach, and Coach Wallie Roettger of Illinois. In the 1931 woild’s seiies Cochrane caught for the Philadelphia Athletics while Roettger played the outfield for the St. Louis Caidinals, the champions.
Since the Boilermaker football scehdule was announced earlier this week, another contest was added to fill the open date of September 25. eleven was added to an already tough schedule of two service teams and six Conference squads. Mai-quette, a new foe for Boilermaker grid teams, will be the first college opponent next fall, following the opener with the Great Lakes Sailors. The Riveter team will be the first college team to play at the Training Station next Fall. Four Home Tilts In home contests, the Boilermakers play host to Illinois, Camp Grant, Iowa, and Michigan State. As is the custom the season’s finale will be played against the Hoosiers at Bloomipgton. The complete 1943 schedule follows: Sept. 18 . Purdue at Great Lakes Sept. 26 Purdue at Marquette Oct. 2 Illinois here Oct. 9 . . Camp Grant here Oct. 16 Purdue at Ohio State Oct 23 . . Iowa here Oct. 30 . Purdue at Wisconsin Nov. 6 Purdue at Minnesota Nov. 13 Michigan State here Nov. 20 . . Purdue at Indiana
the Pacific Coast conferences which had been held annually since 1936 has been cancelled this year. The meet will be resumed after the war, Wilson said. Most of the nations college track stars are expected to participate in the national championships this summer despite the fact that many are scheduled to enter military service upon graduation. The same situation prevails in the tennis meet where a preliminary suivey showed that most schools will be represented.
IM Schedules
Fraternity Softball " Monday, May 24—6:45 Diamond— T-^Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Sigma Kappa 2— Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha 3— Army “A” vs Delta Tau Delta 4— Sigma Pi vs Army “B” 5— Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Alpha Mu 6— Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Tau Omega 7— Sigma Chi vs Delta Chi 8— Beta Theta Pi vs Triangle 9— Alpha Kappa Laptbda vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 10—Sigma Nu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 12— Theta Chi vs Beta Sigma Psi 13— Alpha Sigma Phi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 14— Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Delta Theta 15— Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Chi Rho 16— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Kappa Sigma 17— Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Kappa 18— Theta Xi vs Army “C”
WarcL^ftball (Reguar Games) ]V$TOday, May 24—6:45 19— Ward 1 vs Ward 2 20— Ward 3 vs Ward 4 21— Ward 4A vs Ward 6 22— Ward 6 vs Ward 7 23— Ward 8 vs Ward 9
Northwestern University Avill be the scene of two national intci collegiate championships in June. The N.C.A.A. track and field championships Avill be held at Dyche stadium, June 11-12, and aviH be followed by the National Collegiate Tennis meet, June 21-20. Athletic Director K. L. Wilson, chaiiman of the N.C.A.A. tiack and field committee, announced that the duel meet between the Big Ten and
Rex Whitwoith, English hurdler and bioad jumper recently declared eligible for Big Ten competition, will be the first citizen of a foreign nation to compete for the University of Iowa. Whitworth holds a degiee from Cambridge University and is a Rockefeller Foundation medical student m the university. The confeience faculty decided that he is eligible for three years of competition. Coach George Bresnahan said that this luling is in line with those made in England, when American scholars who hold degrees are alloAved to compete on British teams. Whitwoik has a maik of :15.2 in the high hurdles, :24.6, in the lows, and 22-6 in the bioad jump. He woi ked out with the Hawkeye squad
The following are the tennis (Fraternity) matches to be played. Please contact your opponent and make arrangements to play. Singles Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Nu Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau Epsilon Phi Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Sigma Alpha Chi Rho vs Beta Theta Pi Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Sigma Phi Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alph?i Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Triangle Delta Tau Dejjra. vs Acacia Doubles Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi ' Alpha Chi Rho vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Nu Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon during the indoor season.
Dutch Fehring Directs Squad For Last Time
By Clint Sowards
Two men deeply ..concerned with Boilermaker baseball bid adieu to the University and all Boilermaker athletics this week end, after the two-game series with the Wisconsin diamond squad at Madison. These two men who find it necessary To break company with the University are Bill Burkhardt, varsity shortstop on the Riveter nine, and Williqm “Dutch” Fehring, head baseball coach here at the Boilermaker institution. Burkhardt, who besides his position on the baseball squad was a prospective varsity quarterback on Elmer Burnham’s football team next fall, must report to Camp Grant, Ilk, on May 26; Coach Fehring, perhaps better known to his team as “The Dutchman”, leaves Monday, May 24, for Chapel Hill, N. C., where he is to receive an Ensign’s commission in the United States Navy.
Good Luck, Bill
The loss of Burkhardt will be one of extreme importance to the squad. A lad with the capabilities of this athlete will be a tough problem for “Pop” Doan, newly appointed head baseball coach, to replace. All through this season Bill has been a mainstay in every game, not only with top notch field play, but with deadly potency at the plate and as a constant menace to all opposition once he was on a base. In one of the recent games with St. Joe, Bill stole four bases, in another game he connected for four hits out of five trips
WM. “DUTCH” FEHRING Will trade his baseball uniform for a Naval Officer’s uniform next wefek.
rubber.
Team Roster
Those of the team making the trip aie as follows: Pitchers, Misselhorn,
to the plate. It is playing of this Timm, Jack Kennedy, Iiw Clasetype that is going to be ■ missed (jeorge Leftwich; infield-
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
uvorhs like a charm
America s best-loved lipstick
i u
perfect piastic 5.SI»STI€K CASE Again three rousing cheers Ik lion! Now—their super-stay-on ]ipclick...in a dreamy, rose-red jilastic case. Prettiest—and most ])i aclical of all the war babies! IlLury...get yours now!
There’s a shortage of captains at the University of Iowa, for only the swimming team named a leader for next season. It is the fii st time that most of the tegms have not elected a captain, the unusual situation being caused by the fact that no one know's now what men will be available for competition. Buy War Bonds
after Bill leaves the squad following the two games with Wisconsin
at Madison this week end.
Another Good Man
Now to mention a few things about the departing coach,\“Dutch” Fehring. “Dutch” leaves the University after a nine year stay in the capacity of a coach, previous to these nine years. Coach Fehring was Student Fehring her# at this institution; and when we say he was Student Fehring, we mean just that, for “Dutch” made distinguished five of the eight semesters he went
to school here.
Besides using his brain while in the University, “Dutch” earned a total of nine major letters, thiee in football, three in basketball and three in bgseball. In his senior year he was captain of the football squad, elected most valuable man on the baseball team, and awarded the Chicago Tribune trophy for being the most intellectual giaduating Boilei maker athlete. We might add that during “Dutch’s” reign on the grid squad, they only lost two games, and the basketball squad he was a part of bagged two Western Confeience championships. This man leaves the University,
next Monday!!
To Train Air Cadets
The kind of a career that “Dutch” is going into is the physical piogiam that Commander Hamilton has de signed for the Naval air cadets. “And they’ll probably take about ten pounds off of me in two days,”
added the departing coach.
Another feature of the Wisconsin
ers, Walt Hesse, catcher; Jim Jennings, first; Jack Irmscher, second; Bill Burkhardt, shortstop; Jankovic, third; Aaron Martin, second; outfielders, Chailie Wright, Tom Buyger and “Duffy” Friend. Sports Shorts Record one-sided defeats have been plastered on the University of Iowa’s Big Ten opponents in six sports and three of the marks were
made in recent years.
High score records were broken in basketball and baseball in 1942 when the lowans whipped Chicago, 64-40; and Minnesota, 10-2. The football record score was made thirty years ago. Northwestern falling in 1913, 78-6. Northwestern also was the victim in the track record score, 112-23, in 1922, and in wrestling, 29-3, in 1937. In swimnring, the record is 68-lG agains't
Wisconsin in 1984.
Gymnasts Calf For New Men On Monday afternoon at 4 fcke gymnastic club will hold a callo'ut for men experienced in gymnastic work on any or all apparatus. Tke meeting will be held on the soirth balcony of the Field house gynrn^ium. 5 Practice for the sports carirhl^I has already begun, however T:
DIVRY'S hANDY SPANISHENGLISH AND ENGLISHSPANISH DICTIONARY Bn J. DOUCrf AS, Ph D mul \ I OMO, IMi I).
1 he uiO'it complete, lelioble anil up'lortlute potkcl UHtionai>, ll^tmg ull bpuuibii and Eng* libh NNorilb in imrcnt uie o\er 60,000 — uuluclin^ main of the latisl lechnuul, biunti fii amt milituiN tiinn AUo lontuins I lementb of (,rammur, iiill list of trrc^ului \.\ ei hs, ( iticb Nulh llitir popuhiltom, (olortil Maps, il< In* dibpens ibic to students, tiqinlalors, lumnebs men, ell "ilO jiajn b, U.xOVj, flexible Iculhcrelto bindipt; Poslpiiid $17*), nith Indexes $2 00 and $2 25. On stile at leading boohstores D.C.DIVRY, Inc., Publishers 240 W. 23rd ST., NEW YORK
Ensign D. Pittengibit
series that is to be the last for the openings for inberested-^s
two afore-mentioned notables was ori all ^^pparatus.
that the fiist contest last night was played beneath flood lights. Two years ago the Boilermakers
had the distinction of introducing ... of the U. S. Navy Air Cglpa this practice in the Big Ten in a and foimer student is here on a Ifij game with* Michigan. The second day leave with his parents,»Mr. ahd game will be played this afternoon Mrs. R. W. Pittenger of 805 South ‘^1 1=15- Stieet, Lafayette. Pittenger, forWisconsin Leads Big 'len merly on the staff of WBAA, has At present Wisconsin is leading been in the naval air corps 13^ the Conference with foui wins and mouths and is on the staff of LieUu pair of losses. The Badgers took tenant R. C. Mangruni of the U. two from Northwestern and split a Maiine Corps at Corpus Christi, seiies with Iowa and one with Mm- who was the first American to laact
nesota. The Boilermakers are at the other end of the scale at piesent having lost the only two confeience
tilts played to Illinois.
This meeting with Wisconsin will be the first since Fehring has been coach at the Univeisity. In the first game last night, Ed Misselhorn
a fighting plane on Guadalcanal.
SAE
. . . monthly meeting Thurstifiy evening in Indianapolis wjis attended by Professors H. L. Solbw^,
M , Joseph Liston, E. M. Kemlerv 0,0. tool, the moood lov the Gold .,„d cvome,-. „,„l C. W. V,n OvJtak,, Bhtd., imd m the eocoil'd Kiime, to- Joseph I.iston is ehaimHa ot
day, Eddte imu« will ascend to the (h,..*4 ' m:4 -
S,1 , j'"' , f" 't, ^ I > f":
Purdue Exponent
Saturday^
.r n"
Chaplain University Awards
Wll Speak On Memorial Day Li^Ut. F. P. Johnson, chaplain in thfe United States Navy and statibned at the Great Lakes Naval 'ffaihing Station at Great Lakes, til .1, Will be the speaker at the anhiiai Memorial Day exercises at the tjhiversity Sunday, May 30. The Memorial Day program is being combined with the regular religious convocation scheduled for this month with the exercises starting at 1^:45 a. m. Besides the address by the Navy Chaplain, will be special numbers iihe University Choir directed by Albert P. Stewart, and the i-eading oii:the necrology by Dean of Men Fi’ed L. Goldsmith; Col. Donald M. Itferi'C, commandant of the R.O.T.C.; and Commander H. J. Bartley of the University Naval Training School. Dean Goldsmith will read the names of the University persons in the civilian group who have died during the past year; Col. Beere the names of those who have died in the army and Commander Bartley the University men who have died while serving in the Navy. A wreath will be placed on the plaque in tlie Union Building, which bears the names of the 64 University men who died in World War I. The firing of a salute and sounding of taps will be added features. ' The students, faculty, members of the navy and army training unil;^ stationed on the campus and towns peCpliC are invited to attend the
exercises.
larfky Tells (Continued from page 1) Ihtfc three very useful laws of planets. By using two of these laws, Newton vyas able to derive his law of gravitation. Newton’s law has only one fallacy, the accelei'atio'n of the moon is faster than sciestists had calculated it to be. fhe reason advanced is that the time piece for such calculations, the earth, .is not keeping a constant spbed but gradually slowing down, thus throwing the moon off sched-
ule.
One of the more interesting statements that Dr. Bartky made was about Haley’s comet. When heading for the sun, the tail is behind the comet; when heading away from the sun, the tail is in front of the comet. Foucault Performed Experiment The pendulum experiment was first performed by Foucault, a French scientist, at the Pantheon in Paris a good many years ago, according to Professor Doan, who performed it to interest students in Prof. Bartky’s lecture. After watching the swinging ball, fascinated, for five minutes; one obMiwer remarked in a very unscientific tone of voice, “That would be a good way to paint a house, wouldn’t it,- Pop? Just start yore brush swingin’ at dusk, and in the mornin’ it would be all finished,” Doan heaved a sigh. “Some people have the brightest ideas,” he said, dryly. Home Ec Conference Will Open Tuesday More than lOQ home economics teachers from northern Indiana are expected to attend a conference here May 25-27 to discuss the effect of the war on problems of food preservation and storage. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the School of Home Economics will welcome the group to the campus, and Miss Hortense Hurst, supervisor of home economics for the State Department of Education will outline the teacher’s responsibilities in the nutrition and food preservation p;jogram. Other state, University and highschooj teachers will lead various discussion groups in studying such pi'oblems as canning, drying, freezing, and experimenting. The program will end Thursday when Prof. E. C. Stair of the hoi’ticultural staff speaks on “Storage of Garden Products.” PU Platter Turns Up In Big Springs, Tex. The Univei'sity now has a new publicity angle—-plate propoganda. If the University’s fame spreads in no other way, at least Jt will have i.ts travelling dinner plate, li Dan Abair, ’46, now at the Army Air Force Advanced Flying School in Big Spj‘ing, Texas, lepoi-ts having eaten from a plate beai-ing an engraving of “the bell and wagon” on the edge of the dish and the letters P and U (m eitliei' side.
Special Certificates To Townspeople For satisfactorily completing a course in advanced motion and time study, ten Lafayette residents were awarded certificates, accoi’ding to C. W. Beese, director of war training at the University. The class was taught by L. C. Pigage at Heavilon
Hall
Receiving the awards were Glenn Bakken, C. Clarke Donala, Robert Eager, Fred Gobat, Thomas Hammell, Joseph Heath, Morris Ingleman, Karl John, William Koopman, and Charles Tyng. Under the aUspices of the United States Office of Education, the University is offering 150 different courses in engineering, science, and management, tuition-free for men and women now employed in a war industry or who are planning to enter war work. Since the training program began, more than 41,000 men and women in Indiana have taken the courses, while in the Lafayette district, 794 students enrolled in thii’-ty-four classes during the past few
months.
Martin Contributes To Iowa State Book On Poultry Diseases Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the University poultry department, is the author of a chapter in the new book “Diseases of Poultry,” ,iust published by the Iowa State Col-
lege Press.,^
The subject of Dr. Martin’s article, “Hygiene and Sanitation withthe Poultry Block,” is one in ^yhich he is considered a. nationally known authority. The object of sanitation, according to Dr. Martin, is to prevent the introduction of diseaseproducing agents, especially in large flocks, since an infectious dis-ease-will spread much more rapidly where large numbers of birds are
present.
Approach To Problem “Perhaps the most logical approach to the problem of sanitation from the poultryman’s standpoint,” Dr. Martin advises, “is (1) avoiding exposure to diseases and parasites, (2) holding losses to a low level should disease occhr, (3) eradicating the infection or infestation present on the farm.” Dr. Martin continues the article discussing the cycle of infection, control measures based upon research, soil sanitation, range and confinement, the poultry house, and brooding essentials. Lt. Pollack Leaves For New Station Lt. Alfred I. Pollack, the first officer to be assigned to service at the Nayal Training School of the University, left with Mrs. , Pollack Thursday afternoon for a new station in Cleveland, Ohio. Lt. Pollack, who has held the position of supply officer in the school since its founding on June 1, 1942, has been assigned to duty with the field branch of the Naval bureau of supplies and accounts. Awarded Navy Citation Last September, Lt. Pollack was awarded a Naval citation for his heroic conduct in attempting to fasten a line to the stranded supply ship, the U. S. S. Pollux, during a naval disaster on the North Atlantic in February, 1942. Replacing Lt. Pollack in the position of supply officer is Ensign Hai'i'y W. Martin, of Bfackton, Mass. Ensign Martin, who previous to his assignment to the University, was stationed at Boston,. Mass, in /the capacity of supply and dispuring officer, holds a Master’s degree in banking finance from Noifheastern University at Boston.
Weary Frosh Count 6,147 Radio City Music Hall has 63 more seats than the Music Hall, according to a survey made by . the freshmen of the 0. P. Terry Unit of Cary Halls. y University student Jack Skillman opened the discussion when he wrote a letter tpi the editors of Life magazine disputing their claim that the RCA building’s auditorium was the world’s largest. The editors replied with statistics claiming that the respective totals were: Radio City, 6,210; University, 2,208; thus supporting their previous statement. 1 Upperclassmen at. Terry House were still skeptical, however, and requested that the freshman make an exact count. The I'esults of this count showed that the University Music Hall has only 6,147 seats at present,' According to John Ditamore, director of the Music Hall, several seats were removed to make room for larger aisles. lAeS Elects New Officers Officers were elected for the present semester at a business meeting of the I.Ee.S. last Thursday. Prof. K. D. Wood was elected as Honorary Chairman of the Student Branch for the ensuing term of three . semesters. Other officers elected were; Chairman, William Fleming; Vice Chairman, Dan Pliske; Secretary-Treasurer, Rob-
ert Essig.
An active program is planned for the summer in hopes of increasing the student interest in the Ihsti-' tute. Meetings will be held twice a month featuring films once each ■ month, a social program is being planned, and the, semester will be climaxed with a banquet at the end of the summer in honor of the grad-
uating seniors.
Dr. C. H. Robertsort Will Address ASMS Dr. C. H. Robertson will speak at the ASME meeting Tuesday, May: . 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 in the Physics building, on the subject “The Gyroscope and Its Applica-
tions.”
Dr. C. H. Robinson (better known as Big Robbie) received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering here in 1895, and in 1926 he received an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Science from the University. Big. Robbie’s graduate work has covered luany fields: physics at the University of Wisconsin, science and religion at the Univei'sity of Chicago, and physics and education., at the University of California. In sports he excelled in track, baseball and football. While at the University he was captain of tlie track team. The meeting is open to.all who wish to attend.
COUNTESS" CLAIRE TREVOR Stewall Announces Musical Executive
is featured at the Mars Theatre with Randolph Scott, Glenn Ford, Evelyn Keyes and Edgar Buchanan in “The Desperadoes.” New Columbia outdoor epic in Technicolor; the firm presents Miss Trevor as “The Count-
ess,” who operates a gambling house in a frontier town.
Board Assignments Albert P. Stewart, Director of the University Musical Organizations, and Joseph M. Ragains, Assistant Director, have announced the completed appointments to the Musical Organizations . Executive Commit-' tee Offices. The Executive Committee is the governing board of the Musical Organizations, Glee Club, University Choir, Concert Choir, and Orchestra. As Glee Club Manager Bob King is succeeded by Dave Simpson; University Choir Manager Paul Harrington by Diehl Martin while Orchestra Manager Don Frier still holds his office. Bill RothenburgCr relinquishes his office as Business Manager to Ruth Ralston and Janeth Dixon’s position of Coed Executive is now taken over by Margaret: Hedderick! Wood, Wedge Retain Offices Carolyn Wood and Betty Wedge continue to be Activities Chairman and Social Chairman,' respectively. Bill Fawcett and Sig Peterson are succeeded by Mary. Ellis Taylor, Publicity Chairman, and James Fonts, Promotion. ^Barbara Heide continues as Wardrobe Mistress. Dave Simpson, while already being Glee Club accompanist, has now taken over Art Jacklin’s office as Choir Accompanist; Concertmaster Ken Roquemore is to bo replaced by Phyllis Baker.
Chi Eth Epsilon: Important. meeWne on Monday, May 24,. at 4 p. m, in’.tC;'//& "Mi
office. Bring about $5.00
All EE Students: AIEE meeting WeSneaday. May 26, 7:30 p. m., Ensign .Ham; Will ■ speak on radio used in Alaskan, Airhelds;. RCA and Wright Field eddettes
to attend.
Notices
COL. BEERE AHNOUIICES Bulletins Travel Far
Secretaries of Honoraries. and Ortranizafions; Please brijuj yuur copy for your pa'^o in the Debris l.o the Debri.s Workshoi) immediately. If you have not hoeni contacted about your copy, please call at the Debris ofTico at once. —RENTSCli' Regisf ration Workers: Students %yho workiid for the P.' e:islrar (lurlnjr the Summer Term Reiristralioii may obtain their checks by callinj^ at tho Registrar’.s Olfice.
.—STONE
G. E. 41 : An examitialion for the removal of conditions and incomph Its will be held in room 125. Heavilon Plall, at 1 p. .mon Satlirduy. May 2!). Permission to take ’the examination must be obtained from the
undersig-ned before May 20th.
—GKEVE
All Students: Examinations to remove Grade 2 in Mathematics will be held on Saturday, May 22. at 1:20 p. m. in room 218, Recitation Puildinpi. Permits must be obtained at the Mathematics Otfice not later than Friday, May 21.
. —AYRES
All Students: There are several. openirurs in Cook County, ucholarshii) awards. Application blanks may be secured by contacting: the olVicc of the Divi.sion of Eflucation Referrintv, room 3lo, Exeo.utis-e buildinit. .Juniors and seniors cif jmod slandinjr from Cook County, III., school.s are elij;il l<‘.
—REMMERS
Senior ME’-i and AE’s: If you, expict to have employment interviews with indnSttial representatives between .now and , QeeSmber, please secure company sheets an<) inr terview request cards in ME "Office, immediately, providing you .have not. done so already. —BOLZ Alpha Phi Omega: There will bo an open meeting in room 355 of the Union Tuesday, May 26, at 7:30 p. m. Lieut. Somefs: 6f the U. S. Navy will be the guest speaker. Everyone invited to attend.. —'EAGLE Panhcllcnic Council: Short but very important meeting will be held. Mond:iy nffernoon. May 24, at 4. —FRIER Student Union : Will hold a tea dance in the North Ballroom Monday, Miiy 24, at 4 :80 p. m. for Union workers. Ail new'and old workers are invited, —^CA.NTLEY PlaysHop U.shcrs: All interested in ushering for Playshop next Thursday, Friday or Saturday, call 4269 and leave name with Playshop secretary. ' -^DUKE Reamers, There will he a very ithportant meeting Monday night at 7 :16 in room .302 of the Union. —BOSWINKLE Tritons: There will be aii important'meeting at 7 :!!0 p. m. Tuesday, May 25. Plan.s. for the picnic on June 1 will be discussed:,
—BRO'WN
Fraternity Frtslimcn and Sophomores.; Callouts for Fraternity Affairs Offieq wili be held Tuesday and Wednesday, May 25 and .26, in room 360 of the Union at 4 :30.
—MORGAN,
AIEE Members: Meet 'in the Swedish Lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m.. on Tuesday, May 23. to have your, picture. taken for'the ilchris. —RENTSGH Kappa Psi Members: Meet in the Swo'dish Lounge of the Union at 7 :.30 p. m. on Tuesday. May 25, to have your picture taken for the Debris. , . .—RENTSGH V. C. Meredith Members: Meet in the Sv/edish Lounge of the Union at 7:40 p. m. on Tui'.sday. Mny 23, to have your picture taken for the Deh'ris. ' —RENTBGH ■ Tail Bela Pi Members: Meet in the Swedish f.ounge of the Union at 7:50 p. m. on Tue.sday, May 25, to 'have your picture taken for the Debris. . —RENTSGH Etn Kappa Nu Members: Meet in the Swedish I.minge of the Union at 8'p. m. on Tuesday, May 25, to have your picture taken for the Debris. —RENTSGH Pi Tau Sigma Members: Meet in the Swedish Loun.ge of the Union at 8:10 p.'m. on 'Tuesdry, May 25, to have your picture taken for , the Debris. , —RENTSGH Delta Rho Kappa Members: Meet in the Swedish Lounge of the Union at 8:20 p. m. on Tuesday, May 2.3, to have your picture taken fur llie Deieris. — RENTSGH
I Classified Ads
SERVICEHEN’SPROMOIIOH Accoi'ding to a recent announcement of Colonel D. M. Beere, Commanding Officer, 1546th and 3426th Service Units, the followin.g jn'ornotions of Limited Service men arc now effective: Teclniician 5th Grade Leo L. Lockwood, to Sergeant; and Private First Class Edmonson J. Davis to Techiiiciaii 5th Grade.
Newest proof that the University publications enjoy a wide-spread demand was received in. the Civil Engineering' School from a South African pipe , company. The comyuiny requested a copy of the bulletin entitled “Investigation of Stresses in Prestressed Reinforced Piiies” by Prof. Ray B. Cupps of the Civil School.
J ; ■ ■
Typowrllcrn: Addinp: mneninGB, all mokes ■fold, rented repaired and purchased. Mi'meoiL?rapb wurk dune. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Fhone 27.79. ■ Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, ^uns. typowritera. Albert’s Loan
Ofl’ice, 407 Columbia.
Wanted - Student pin settlers. APPly MemoiMar Unicjn Huildiiu' JiowlinHf. Alloys, afternoon or evening hours. . Averatje pay,
70 cents per hour.
Lost—^Lady’s Diamond Hamilton watch at Happy Hollow. Fersonally valuable to own-
er. Liberal reward. H. J. 4079.
Lost—Ivlacik a'Tid prold SclieatTer fountain pen. has i»wp.!’v’.s name enKravod.' If found return to 421) W. Wood ur cull 65712. Reward.
Keys arc' in. They Will the person who exchanged my steelliurton Kufk. room {rrey raincoat for his tan corduroy reversible
•- KUCK in the Coffee Shop, ))lease call 41064.
PIA Board: Meetinj; Monday afternoon, Wanted—Small class “A" model airplane May 24, at 4. All board rnembers are re- motor. Preferably Elf or Atom. “Wally",
(luested .tn attend. , —YOUNG? 6294.
Alpha Phi Omcji
may lie obtained fi
129. Cary Hall.
Tau Epsilon Phi Biisiiljal! Sdioiliili!
Just Looking (Contiiuiecl from pa.ge 2) ing around tile United State.s, concerning the movie version of “Mis.sion to BIoscow.” These unfavorabie ixqiqrts don’t aii come from the pens of movie coiumnists, for the historians have entered the picture with reports that this movie is a wonderfui thing but it just doesn’t show the actuai fact.s. Maybe the U. S. government has decided that events shouid be coioi-ed in a favorabie iiglit to jjiea.se our new aiiy. After aii, it was just a matter of a few years when anything from Russia was considered to ije of the worst chai'actei' and always under, a I'ed
light.
Buy War Bonds
Personnel Notes ThesCi companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employ-
ment.
Gale Products, Galesburg, 111.— Interested in M. E., E. E. Sign in Personnel Cffice by Wednesday, May 26. Lear Avia, Inc., Piqua, Chio—Interested in M. E., E. E. Sign by Wednesday, May 26. New York Central System, Chicago, III—Interested in C. E., M. E. Sign by Wednesday, May 26. The Carborundum Co., Niagara Falls, N. Y.—Interested in E. E., Physicists. Sign by M/ednesday, May 26. The Udylite Corporation, Detroit, Michigan^—Interested in Chemists, ChE. Sign by Saturday, May 29. P. R. Mallory Co., Indianapolis, Indiana—-Interested in E. E. Sign by Saturday, May 29.. Cities Service Refining Corporation, New York, N. Y.—Interested in Chemista, ChE. 'Phe Edivard Valve & Manufacturing Co., Inc., East Chicago—Interested in Engineers. Sign by Saturday, May 22. AWS To Hold Coed 'Drag-A-Man' Dance Ready, aim, fire. Bag your man, girls, and fall in line for the AWS Draftee’.s Drag convening at the local draftboard in the Union Ballroom, June 5. Maury Malm and his fellow as-' sistant.si will .supply the jive to aceomijany the jjhysical test.of endurance, balance, anil equilibrium. Chairman of the Draft Board is Betty Murjjhy. Details will follow
l:iter,
. . . social fraternity, announces the jjledg'ing of the .following meiv: Norman Scole of Pittsfield, Mass.; Armand Kamp and Bo!) Resuich of New York City; Arnold Tannenbaum and Alvin Birnbaum of Bayonne, N. J.; Irving.Cross of Joliet, 111.; David Blumenthal of Indianajjolis; William Feldman pf East Cliicag'p; and Herb Phillips of Pottstown,' Pa.
Buy
War Bonds And Stamps
May 21 & 22—Purdue at Wisconsin?^ June 4 & 5—Indiana at Purdue June 11 & 12—Purdue at Ohio AiS Studexif'sWar .stamps for the convocation and mixer featuring Stan Kenton and his orchestra art now on sale in front of the Sweet Shop. Woolling. Tlie “Old Oaken Bucket” for which Dickenson and Gettysburg Colleges vie on tlie football field is in reality a inahogany bucket, and only a few years old.
Fvrrol Mynn and Ann Sheridan arc cast as leaders of an armed revolt ot the liberty-loving people of Trollness, a fictional town in Nazi-occupied Norway, in Warner Bros.’ “Edge Of Darkness,” based on William Woods’ best-seller novel of the same name. The film opens at the Lafayette ■Theatre tomorrow.
”JVe aren't i>oin^ anywhere. We just came\ along to enjoy your Sir Walter Raleigh” Blended ii'om cliolcc Kcnlucky Ijiirlcys, Sir VVallcr Kalcigli l.s extra mild—ljurns cool—willi a deliglilliil aroma all its own. Try "the quality i>i])c loljacco of America.” SIR WALTER RALEIGH PIPE TOBACCO Smokes as siocet as it smells
moB ¥onm FOR ©OOH SPORTS PANT8E GIRDLE Swing a golf stick, ride horseback, ploy badminton . . . this pontie girdle will move os you do—actively. Controls bulges fore Olid aft, but there's nary a bone. Just air-conditioned elastic that smooths away figure faults with a magic touch. Perfect to wear with ankle socks or kneeheight hose. It'll give you lines like Miss America and true American freedom for every activity, Sizes 27 K> 36
V g
V II