tev
\ »
Yplume 5^, No; 100
sWesI' Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, january 24, 19^
Mules For Attendance W Reniain Unchanged
Three Defense Courses Begin Next Monday Explosives, Drafting, Metal Classes Open Three new defense classes, opening Monday on the campus will increase the total of classes to 14 with 350 students attending. The new classes will train men and women in the inspection of explosives, inspection of metals and engineering drawing. The chemistry of powder and explosives class, meeting six days a week for six weeks and containing thirty-four men, is open to men having a background of organic chemistry. George T. Austin of the school of Chemical Engineering is the instructor of the course which has already trained over 140 men. Dr. Emery P. Miller of the physics department will teach a class in applied X-rays, covering the industrial use of X-raj^s in testing welds. Castings and fabricated parts. The advanced drafting class, under the direction of Richard Young of the Fairfield Manufacturing Company, lyill offer specialized training to those who have mastered the fundamentals of engineering . drawing. Both classes will meet on Monday and Wednesday evenings, the XTray class in room 215 of the Physics Building and the drafting clas¥'in room 301, Michael Golden Shops, m.a.s. CaifMrs Will Discuss iniprSviftlenfOfFodds At Annual Conference The fifteenth annual conference of the Indiana Canners, Fieldmen and Farmers will be held at the University on the third and fourth of February. The general purpose of this program is to improve the food ,products of Indiana. The University has sponsored this meeting every year. The first meeting of the conference will be at 10 a. m. on Tuesday, Feb. 3. The main topic will be tomato plant disease. Ten authorities will sjreak on various processes for disease conti'ol and i)rcvention. In the aftoi'noon the discussion v/ill be continued on themes of current interest to the tomato industry. Sear.s To Speak Tuesday evening there will be an “In and At ’Em” dinner at the Union. Dr. Louis Sears, professor of history, will speak at the dinner on the topic, “So Far-—So What?” The General Chemical Company will (Continued on page 2)
Exetutive Committee Defers Proposed Plan President E. C. Elliott announced yesterday through a letter to Dick Dibos, chairmaif of the. University Student War Council, that the Executiye Committee has decided to take no further action a^ the pre'sent time upon the proposal before the committee to set aside for the duration of the war the University rule regarding voluntary class attendance of juniors, seniors and distinguished students. At mid-semester the Executive Committee plans to ask for a special report on class attendance. If, at that time, a great number of students^ are abusing their privilege of voluntary attendance such privileges will be discontinued for all these students. War Council Recommendation This action was taken after long consideration and ’discussion of a letter sent to the committee January 12 by the War Council recommending that the voluntary attendance rule be allowed to remain as it now is. ! It was pointed out by the committee, howevei-, that class attendance is of great importance at the present time and that non-attend-ance has been found to be one of the principal reasons for failing grades. The committee has also found that there is a great number of University students who have been abusing the privilege of voluntary attendance. Because of the discontinuance of final exams, instructors must give tests more frequently. Make-up tests will be given only in the case of proved, unavoidable absences apd students who absent themselves from tests must bear the consequences of their actions, k.g.r. ivil Service
Admission To Mixer 'Uncle Sam' Backdrop Urges S^amp Buying Booklets containing defense stamps will! serve as bids to the , first Defense Mixer to be held tonight, in both Union ballrooms.’Irv' Given and his band will play for
dancing from 9 to 12.
In. connection with the defense stamp sales campaign now taking place on the campus, the price of admission has been lowered to fifty cents plus a five cent tax^ payable in fifty cents worth of defense
stamps.
Following the National Defense theme, the backdrop will present a
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Student Senate Announces Seven 1942 Prom Committee Appointments
Junior and senior engineers interested in government .service are urged to attend a meeting which will be held toddy at 1 p.m. in Room 108, Mechanical Engineering Building for the purpose of filling out applications for the position of Junior Engineer, $2,000 a year. Mr. S. Goldman, Special Representative of the United States Civil Service Commission, will be on hand to distribute application forms and to give the necessary instructions for their filing and notarization. In view of the present national emergency and a scarcity of qualified engineers, openings for these men gre plentiful and are expected to increa.se in the near future. Interested persons please bring fountaiii pen.
Irv Given picture of Uncle Sam in' the traditional red, white, and blue, “Help Uncle Sam” will be printed across the top. ■ The'defense stamp booth at the entrance to the south Union ballroom will continue selling stamps of ten and twenty-five cent denominations between 11 andl2a.m.andfrom.,3.to 6 p.m. on weekdays, and on Sunday afternoons. The booth will be open tonight for those desiring to purchase stamps before or during the dance. Booklets in which to place stamps are given away with the initial purchase of stamps. Stamps are alsO being sold at the Executive Building, WRH, and Cary Ha-11 offices, w.e.r.
Basketball Tickets The distribution of student reserved seats has been advanced one week from tlie dale previously announced. Tickets will be distributed for the Iowa, Northwestern, and Wisconsin games beginning on Monday, Jan. 26, and continuing as follows: Monday—Seniors Tuesday—luniors Wednesday—Sophomores Thursday—Freshmen
FDR Says Don Neistvn To Aid Litfio Business; Dempsey Still Trying WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.—Rep-! resentative Adolph Sabath, chairman of the House Rules committee, got an earful of cheering news about plans for succoring war-hit little business during his talk with the President. The President told the Illinois'ian that two measures
are in the works:
(1) “Spreading out” of war production by mandatory subcontracts to the thousands of small firms being forced to the wall because of material shortages and curtailment of civilian goods production. (2) RFC “distress” loans to enable such firms t<> finance additional facilities needed
for war work.
The President 'told Sabath that going to the rescue of little business will be one of the first jobs tackled by Donald Nelson in his hew capacity as war production czar. Nelson is ideally equipped for this job, the.President said, because' of his sympathetic attitude toward the problems of little business men growing put of the war emergency. “The little fellow has ' a real friend in Don Nelson,” Roosevelt declared. “That was one of the reasons I appointed him.” The President also disclosed that big primary contractors will be compelled to farm out a larger proportio'n of Army and Navy orders under a plan being perfected by Nelson. He and Nelson already have , had one conference on the small business problem and others are slated in the hear future. The President added that he had sent word to Federal Loan boss Jesse Jones that immediate steps be taken to “expedite aid” through RFC loans to small con-sumer-industry plants now facing close-downs, but which are capable of conversion to war manufacturing. So far, however, Jones has not reported back on the mat-
ter.
“I’m certainly glad to hear, this, Mr. President,” said Sabath. “The big fellow can get all the’ money he wants from Jesse Jones, but the lit.Uc man has to go ■ through .so much red tape and delays that, be'fore his loan is okayed, he has lost (Continued on page 2)
Sheean To Talk Tuesday Night On War In East Lecture In Music Hall Will Begin At 7:30 p. m. Vincent Sheean, American foreign correspondent and lecturer, will speak next Tuesday night at a regular convocation at 7:30 in the Music Hall. Sheean returned from an extensive inspection trip through the "East Indies and the Pacific region on the eve of the Japanese attack. His lecture will deal with the latest’ developments in the war based on his personal observations. Sheean declares in respect with the present situation, “Whatever happens in this first two dr three months—and we must be steady against the impact of bad news— Japan has not a ghostly chance of winning the war. Nor can she hope .for any 'help from her evil genius, Germany, now in the last stages of her fatal adventure.” Foreign Correspondent A native of Illinois, Sheean’s first newspaper experience was on the University -of Chicago’s student daily. He went to Europe in 1922 and soon became a foreign correspondent for the Chicago Tribune. Since then he has covered the .Riff Rebellion in Morocco, the ArabJeWish riots in Palestine, the German occupation of the Ruhr valley, the Spanish civil war and the German aggression throughout Europe. Although he has tried ingny times to desert journalism for fiction writing, the pull of things happening’ has alwaj^s been too strong. “Not Peace But a Sword,” “Bird , of the Wilderness,” “San Felice” “Personal History’! and “Day of Battle” are. several of the books he has writ-
ten.
Flew Over Germany ■Sheean , spent last spring and summer, in the British Isles, collecting material for a special series of articles for The Saturday Evening Post on the war in Europe and the defense of Britain. .While in England, he went out with the British fleet on convoy duty and flew over Germany in an RAF bomber. Hi.s talk at the convocation Tuesday will be based on .this broad background of personal experience. Doors of the Music Hall will open . at 7:00 p.m., and admission will be by passpoi’ts, season tickets or by single admission tickets at fifty-five cents\each. p.g.h. . Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Roger G. Wetherston of Buffalo, N. Y.; and Ray B. Larson of Elkhart.
Reeves, Emerson, Van Gorkham, Amos, Ball, Hudson, Sleeper Represent Juniors According to an announcement from the Student Senate last night, the 1942 edition of the Junior Prom Committee will be made up of the following .seven activity juniors: Jim Reeves and Harry Hudson of the Student Union; John Amos from the Exponent; Jane Van Gorkman, representing AWS; Dick Ball chosen from the Debris; Dick Sleeper from PIA; and George Emerson, representative of Cary Halls. These selections were made public yester- —■■■■ ; .i ^
day by Dick Dibos, president
of the Student Senate. The committee will hold an
organization meeting next week to appoint their own chairman and to formulate plans for general arrangements for the dance. This year’s Prum will be staged in accordance with the general . social program as laid out by the Student
War Council.
No Campus Elections As a result of the Student Senate meeting held Wednesday, Dec. 4, 1941, this year marks the first time that a Junior Prom Committee has
Dick Cisne Will Play For Foresters'Ball Xi Sigma Pi To Sfage Annual Dance Friday Dick Cisne and his orchestra will play for the fifth annual Foresters’ Ball, sponsored by the Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi, to be held in the South Ballroom of the Union from 9 to 12 Friday night, January 30. The dance is to be informal and
tickets will be $1.10.
Cisne organized his band at the
been chosen without a campus-wide U^w^i’sity of Illinois in the fall of election. In that meeting the Senate, Since that time he has played by a vote of 20 to 4, condemned the such spots as ths Colony Club,
then existing campus politics connected with the Prom elections and passed a ]-esolution, to the effect that
Chicago, the Gibson Hotel, Cincinnati, and Belle-Rive Hotel, Shreveport. He has broadcast over NBC
the committee be composed of seven ii6t''’''oi’k, WLW and WMAQ.
members to be selected from yari- Cisne features Red (Jumbo) Milous activities—the election of the ler on the vocals and novelty entercommittee membei’s to be the re- tainment. Also feature will be Gene sponsibility of the organization the Robinson, imitator and vocalist, member represents. known for his imitations of “Pop-
The resolution stated that the eye”'and “Donald Duck.” His inter-
members of the Prom committee pretations of “Daddy” Und other should include two representatives popular songs have received many
from the Student Union; and one favorable comments. Exponent, AWS, De- Tickets may be obtained fTOmltfir’
bi’is, PlA, and Cary Hall. It was West Desk of the Union , or any also stated definitely that “the member of the Forestry Club. j.d.S.
inethod of selection shall be employed for this year only,” leaving to the discretion of the Senate any fui'ther action regarding elections, a.p.h. (
Dr. Olsen, Moi! Lecture To Agronomy Seminar Dr. Frank Olsen and G. 0. Mott of the Agronomy department presented an illustrated lecture entitled “Some Grass and Legume Interrelationships” at a recent meeting of the Agronomy Seminar. Basis for the lecture were grass pasture projects started at various experimental farms 3 jmars ago. These farms are owned and operated by the University in different parts of the state. Miller Farm near Gas City js an example of these experimental farms. Dr. Mott is in charge of the experiments which are just beginning to yield valuable information. Dr. Olsen is in charge of soil biology investiga-
tions, g.w.s.
WBAA To feature Murd# Mystery On 'Radio Stag^' Radio . Stage, WBAA’s weekly dramatic progi’ani, will feature a murder mystery entitled “Asylum” oh its broadcast this afternoon at 1. The mystery is about the eerie murders of a private sanatorium and is directed by Larry Myers, Radio Stage leader. > The cast of this afternoon’s production is made up of Charlie Powell, Sally Murfey, Tom McCrum, Dick Kohls, and Bill Yeagley. d.e.b. Women’s Placement There will be an organization meeting for women students who have applied for courses in shorthand and typing, on Monday, January 26 at 4 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Other women students may at-
tend.
—IRENE FELDT
University Moves Toward Overall War-Time Basis
Editor's Notej Thi» Is the first in a series of artieles which will deal with ihe imrt the University Is taking in the present emergency. Other articles to follow wiir take up more In detail the various aclivities mentioned in this feature. By Bob Hadley On the mbrning of Sunday, December 7, radios brought to the unbelieving and dismayed eai’s of students and faculty members the shattering news that their country had been plunged unprepared into a second engulfing war, almost within a generation. That the natioiv should eventually enter the conflict was expected by all who had been willing to open their eyes to world events, 'fhat the nation should have been forced into the war with the treacherous taking of thousands of American lives, her fighting forces barely organized, trained and equipped for a campaign against the Navajos, shocked and staggered everyone. Uppermost in the minds of all connected with the University canie the question, “Where do I lit into the organization that we must build to carry the war back to the boys whose idea it was in the first place?” In the face of general turmoil created in wartime within a nation whose gov-
ernment is based on peace, and ■ Which had not even satisfactorily begun construction on its war machine, the question was worthy of some thought. Those connected with sudi trampled organizatictiis as a University are ever in danger of being trampled by ’ politicians executing a neat aboutface under pressing circumstances. As the country ^et about the business of war in earnest it became increasingly evident that the country faced a long, hard battle of machines as well as men. With the advent of this concept, the position of the student in general became clarified, since the complex machinery of modern war can not be designed and constructed by plumbers and shoe salesmen. President Elliott, in a written message to the University on December 9 stated, “Now is the time to prove your unity and loyalty. Until it is known just what jour new duties ai’e to be, your exclusive business is to tend strictly to your Usual business as students.” Communique For Students At the first meeting of the Unversity as a whole .since it outgrew beyond all bounds, diminu-
tive Eliza Fowler Hall, the stu,/ilcnt body was given a series of jWar measures by President' Elli'ott. The President said, “You have a responsibility to: 1. As never before, apply yourselves as students. 2. Individually and collectively, to re'duce to that minimum requisite for healthful recreation, your time and concentration on serious tasks. 3. Aid the University to be economical. 4. Display your true character as a citizeiu 5. Maintain your health and physical fitness, Announceiiient was made at this convocation of plans for the formation of a Student War Council for the coordination of student effort in a defense program. The personnel of the council, as later announced, included leaders in campus activities and housihg groups. This group was charged with the consideration, of problems dealing with Student morale, physical fitness, academic interest, student cour servation of resources, participation in activities and intei’cst in national and interational problems.
The Council has taken steps to aid students in keeping abreast of war new's and has laid the foundation for a series of discussions on the world situation for the benefit of students. A drive for the sale of defense stamps on the campus is now being conducted by this group, with plans in the offing for dance.s and other entertainment features for the purpose of raising funds for investment in defense bonds and stamps. Defense Glasses Organize With the advent of war came a mushrooming of special defense courses. These courses, some of which had been operating for more than six months, cover subjects involving explosives, metallurgy, engineering, mathematics, drawing, shopwork, X-Ray work, and similar subjects valuable to defense industry. The courses are available to students and non-students and are conducted as night-school classes with arrangements made in some cases for completion of work by correspondence. Many are open to both men and women. Farewell To Finals During Christmas vacation,
students learned with almost no dismay that they were being asked to sacrifice their, semester finals in the name of national defense for the duration of hostilities. Amid a jumbled mass of rumors and uncertainties the University joined the vanguard of universities in the nation to shift into high and put education on a fulltime basis. As students prepared to buckle down to a three-semester academic year and made plans for the coming vacation on the Fourth of July, more and more special defense classes were ' conceived. Motors, code and pistol courses were planned for 'W’omen. First aid courses were inaugurated as regular credit courses and the already popular PEM 12 was Extended and paralleled by similar courses for women. Relief Committee Functions Launching a drive for clothing, books and magazines, the Relief Coordinating Committee, composed of student and faculty members appointed by Dr. Elliott, began to function as central organization in a campus drive for aid. to the nation’s relief agencies. The ladies of the Red Cross, who had busied
themselves for nearly a year in the depths of the Union with knitting and bandage preparation, increased their activities to the point where they overflowed their quarters and were noticed by the Student "'Union which conceived the idea of enlisting coeds in a similar organization. Since they would be knitting iii class anyway, it was thought that they might as well produce something of value. More than 150 coeds answered the call with drawn knitting needles. Military Dept. Chang:es Step The Military Department, planning to keep in step with the University, plans to continue action on the three semester basis on the home front with the present ROTC junior officers, ordinarily slated for Fort Knox this summer, scheduled to enter camp upon graduation. University military courses have, to date, been intensified without extension to groups not already concerned. With the nation struggling to overcome enemy air superiority, the University CPT program has become more closely allied with Army and Navy air units, with “Cap” Aretz keeping his Wacos in the air
from dawn till dusk when w'eather permits. Fledgling pilots come off the production line at the rate of about 50 with primary training and 20 with secondary, training each semester and go on to more advanced flying and the air forces. Deferments For Students The specter which has haunted students believing that they will be of more value to their country as trained men—the draft boai’d—has withdrawn for the present from the lives of those who have managed to maintain a 3.5 index, but not without the constant intervention of faculty men interested in the futures of their students. The men and women of Purdue are constantly finding some new way in which the University can more* adequately serve the country, Drastic changes have been wrought; probably still more drastic steps are yet to come. Whatever Iiei ahead, when the going gets really tough, those who are now priviT leged to remain at their studies 'wili be in the thick of* the fight, dealini’ telling blows with the weapdrisr--whether they be gmm, slide .sqle^, test tubes or books—%yhich they arti now learning to use.
iflfSe^Bct 10 Best Movies
Joe Bel^en, E|ditor Student OpiMoit' Sdr\»«ys of America “IPexas, Jan. 23.-r-Favorite movie sled students during 1941 was r *?^rgetit^t-yi)rk” the annu^^ motion picture r p^ti ipopducted by Student Opinion Surveys of America shows. Only slightly more than one.apyenth of-the students,, 14 per cent, however, 'agree on any one picture as the “best thdy had seen.'’ At that, “Sergeant York” lead in four of f the six geographical sections of the country used in conducting the survey. Based on a scientifically representative cross section of the O. S. college enrollment, the survey sdows that students in the Middle Atlantic, East Central, West Central, and Southern states chose “Sergeant York” as their favorite picture. The top ten shows, compiled from the question, “What was the best picture you have seed during l'941 ?” were not necessarily released during the last year. In order of their selection, they are as follows:
1. Sergeant York 2. Citizen 3. Cne Foot ih Heaven 4. Meet Johp BOe ' 5. Gone With the Wind 6. Blossoms in the Dust 7. Honky Tonk 8. The Little Foxes * 9. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 10. I Wanted Wings In 1940, “Gone With the Wind,” easily ranked hest of the year, polled twice as many ballots as the second ranking pjicture, “Re-' becca.” It is interesting to not that ‘^G.^i^.T.W.’^ is still fifth among the top ten after another year. “Sergeant York” did not show such a clearcut plurality as did the winning David Selznick production the year before, which polled 27 per cent, almost twice the percentage recorded for “Sergeant York.” “Citizen K^ane,” with 10 per cent nationally, came close to “Sergeant York’s” 14 per cent.
Jferry^Go-Round (Continued from page 1) the contract or is forced to close down his plant.” • First Shot The first shot of the >yai' has been ftred by one of the soldiers guarding Washington. it happened the other night in the cold, stilly darkness of-'d a.m. No one was hurt, but the milkman who provoked the shot is still quaking in his-boots. The milkman drove up in his truck loaded \yith dairy products for the Capitol restaurants. Dismounting, he darted towards a freight elevator on the Senate side, planning to pi’css a button signal- ' ing a workinari inside to raise the ekvatdr. The milkman didn’t see a sol'dier on sentry duty nearby, nor hear him when he shouted, Halt! I'he milkman continued his dash toward the elevator, but ii moment later a rifle shot froze him in his tracks. JT ^didn’t see you,” gulped the 'htHfcchan as the soldier approached with fixed bayonet. S^^siter, I shot in the iiir that time as a warning,” said the soldier, “but I would have had to fire the next shot at you if you hadn’t stopped. The army is guarding the Capitol at night, and when we say halt, we mean halt. We’re not fooling-” Note: One pei-'son who never has any trouble with the soldiers guarding the Senate Office Building is Mrs. Elpise Ci'ocker, a widow living in the Methodist Building across, the way, who brings the men a basket of sandwiches, hot coffee and cakes pi-omptly at 10 p.m. every night. Mrs, Crockei'.’s chief assistant is Mrs. Clai-ence F. Lea, wife' of the California Congressman. • Judge' Makers Two years ago, ruddy, whitethatched John J. Dempsey, then a congressman from New Mexico, made a strenuous, but unsuccessful, effort to unseat Senator Dennis Chavez. Today, Dempsey holds the high "offee of Undersecretary of the Interior, but his torch is still flaming as brightly as ever for a senatorial toga. In fact, so burning is his ambition^ that he tried to win by the gravy-train route what he couldn’t win at the ballot box. Dempsey’s ingenious maneur vers in this undercover endeavor arc a stpr.y for -the book. Politicos are relating it in awe and admirSeveral months ago Dempsey got a p,romise from ailing GovernojJohn'Miles of New Mexico, that if Senator Carl Hatch, the State’s sepior senatoi’, was elevated to the federal bench, Dempsey would be appointed to Hatch’s seat. With this card up hiff sleeve, Dempsey then
set out on the ambitious undertaking to make Hatch a jud.ge. The author of the famed “clean politics” law is a conscentious and able senator. But his health isn’t the best and when'Dempsey intimated that a judgeship might be had. Hatch indicated he might be interested. With this second hurdle cleared, Dempsey launched on a hot search for a judicial vacancy. He soon hit on the trail of a vacancy on the Federal Customs Court in New York. Dempsey originally came from New York, but the politicos there proved a lot tougher than those of New Mexico. The New Yorkers made it emphatically clear that they had no intention of relinquishing this prize plum to an outsider. The job was local patronage and they intended to hold onto it. • Dempsey Tried Again The setback was a blow to Dempsey, but he didn’t despair. He tried another tack. He conceived the bold plan of creating a new federal judgeship in New Mexico to "which Hatch would be appointed. However, tliis required the passage of a law and that proved an insurmountable obstacle. Also, Hatch would have none of it. He flatly announced that he was not seeking a judgeship. This ended for the time Dempsey’s interesting undercover endeavors to make himself a U. S. Senator. Intrigued politicos are wondering what his next move will be. They are sure that Dempsey, bubbling over with ambition, won’t be daunted by his setbacks. Note: In that connection much curiosity has been aroused in political cii'cles by a sizzling attack made: the other day on Secretary Harold Ickes, Dempsey’s superior, by a radio commentator who is an intimate friend of Dempsey. In congressional lobbies the question is being asked whether Dempsey has changed his goal and is now aiming for the cabinet. • Merry-Go-Round Postmaster General Frank Walker is one of the most courteous and conscientious officials in Washington. But if he doesn’t know it, his mail delivery service could stand a lot of improvement. In I'ecent weeks mail delivery has become so bad that it’s common for a letter to take two days to go from Washington to New York . . . The American Public Power Association, an organization of public power advocates, has opened offices in the Capital to keep public power forces informed of developments in their field . . . Here is an excellent suggestion from John Staley, chief machinist mate of Washington Navy Yard, “Instead of referring to Japan as the Rising Sun empire, call it the Sinking Sun empire.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Today On wmh
9:55 News 10:10 Curio Man 10:15 ]\(Iorning Melodies 1)0:30 WBAA Presents 10:45 Theatre df Song 11:00 Just Kids ^ 11:15 Music 11:30 High School Guest—Jackson 11:50 Purdue News 12:15 Tune Time—.Charlie Povycll 12:30 Meet the Band 12:45 Markets 1:00 Radio Stage • 1:30 The Army Speaks 1:45 Music 2:00 Stanip Club 2:15 Music 2:30 Musical Albums 3:00 . Music 3:16 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Tea Time Tunes 4:30 Afternoon Melodies 4:45 Little Miss MufFett 5:00 Just Relax 5:30 Go to Church Sunday 5:45 Curio Man 5:55 News • 6:00 Dinner Music * 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 Music 7:00 News of the Week 7:15 Music 7:30 Petite Musicale 8:00 Heirs of Liberty 8:15 Scientific Review 8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:45 From the Press Box 9:00 Union Mixer Band 9:30 Music 9:50 News 10:00 OFF THE AIR 93 Students Enroll In Winter Ag Course Enrollment figures show that 93 persons have begun the eight weeks winter course in agricultime spoils sored by the University again this year. The course, which started January 19, offers any one of the following options: general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production, and dairy manufacture. While the current enrollment is a 43 per cent decrease under the 1941 figure, in a comparable period in 1917 the enrollment dropped 47 per cent. Last year 164 persons registered for the agriculture short courses according to Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, r.a.b. Prof.H.A.Eolz . . . of the School of Mechanical Engineering, has published an ai - ticle on “Our Precious Stones Go To Work” in the Deceinher issue of The Science Teachei". iu which he indicates the uses of precious stones as engineering materials.
Lettef^ to Editor To the Editor; ' ^ As a member of the student body I wish to express my sincere appi;eejatipn for your most excellent editorial. Your, opinion ..on Athei'e-a.p-p'ointment of Coach Elward reflects that ,of alniost the efftke student body. YPu have done a .ga’eat service to our University by publishing tips article on your front paige for .evei'.yone tP see and tajee not|ieei ■ 'The time to rest, however, ha.s not yet come- Uet us further ipipre.fis,;iihe Board of Trustees and all othei's ■ concerned that we want andther poach, a man \better qualified for the job than one who cannot even get along with the members of his team. Let them know again and again what we, the students, think and how we feel on the subject. If the University is run on a democratic basis, as I feel sui;e it is, this constant reminder cannot fail to bring this affair to the desired conclusion. A good start has been made. Let us continue to a successful endI HW To the Editor: May this short ver.se occupy a place alorfg side your sparkling editorial in the campaign for better football at Purdue. Back amid her pathways winding you can seelp. what lies
before
As the dormant cheering section leans back and starts to
snore.
No more we’ll trudge from Ross-Ade Field disgruntled, sad, and blue. Wo thank tlie Lord we’re getting out! The Clas.s . of ’42
R.E.S.
J.H.S. ' W.E.A.'
C.P.D. R.A.R.
. C.E.S. The following is a telegram received yesterday morning. Congratulations Mr. Editor. I feel that youi' Editorial this morning repre.sents the opinion of everj' Pui’diie .student. A Student, CEK
Pers If any seilibi' is interested .in an interview with any of the fpliowing companies, complete ohemfithe yellow “Request for Interview” :cardsV a supply .of\ which is in your , school office. You will be riotified by card from the Personnel Office when to schedule for an interview, . W'w,’ P.Ipypland Ohio—Coming Feb. 5 and 6. Would like to see ME, EE> Met, CE. John Deere Tractor Go.; Waterloo, Iowa;—^Coming Feb. IT and 12. Would like to see jilE and h limited number of Junior MB’s for summer
.work.
befenffer Photo Supply Gp.j Rochester, N. Y.-—^Tentative ^ate for their visit, Feb. 3., WppW to sen ME, EE, CKE, Sci.: r Drackett Company, Cincinnati, Ohio—Will come a,t ^ later date if a sufficient number sigp up. Would like to see ME and Gh.E.—preferably nien from this section of the country, with,a radius of 20jO .miles from Cinneinati. • Bravo Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pa.—Coming soon. Wants lijIE, CE, EE, Ch.E, Met, PSE. They are also interested in a number of the most promising inen from the J.unior class in each of these schools for summer woi’k. .Chicago & Erie P. JR. Co., Cleveland, bhio. Feb. 6. Would like to see/M.E. and E.E. HarniscR'Ieger Corp., Milwaukee, Wis.—Coming soon. National Supply Co., Toledo, Ohio —Coming soon. Would like to see ME, Gh.E, Met.E, PSE & T & I E. Square D Co., Milwaukee, Wis.— Coming Feb. 4-5. Would like to see ME and EE. Union Switch & Signal Co., Swissvale, Pa.—Coming Feb. 9. Ushco Mf,g. Co., Inc., Frankfort, Indiana—Coming soon. Babcock and Wilcox Co., Barberton, Ohio. Feb. 16. Wants to spe E.E. and G.E.’s for produdtion work and some Ch. E.’s for laboratory work. They have no need for additional mechanical engineers. WestermElectrjc ComiPaiiy, Ha\ythorne Station, Chicago, Illinois. This company will not send a representative to the campris for interviews but anyone may come to the Personnel Office who is interested in the company and secure one of their application blanks, to be filled in and sent directly to Mr. S. B. Holden, in care of the company. This should be before Saturday, Jan. 31, if possible.
WA A
'St: AnpTTL-
^ -iiiberyy
Wood Hall won' the Intramural cup fhr riflery this w€ek ift a WAA contest. Libby Baughman was high scorer for the WRH team with 90 points to her credit. ). ’ .WAA Class tournaments -in riflery will start the week of Feb. 10. All those who wish to participate for their class piust five; practices b,er fore the contest begins. ’These may be gotten in Wednesday, Thiu’Siday, Jgn, 28, 29 or Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Feb. 2, 3, 4, from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. / WAA The girls with the highest scores duruig' practice will be on their class teams, but those who don’t make -this, group may form their owp; teams apd have indi-vidual contests. The people who are official class shooters will get 100 WAA points, plus -points for shooting in the. tourney. ' , WAA Another riflery is scheduled — this tinxe with Creighton University—^in the near future. Let’s beat thepi! '
WAA
The sponsors of WAA will have the pool opeped in Womep’s Gym every'afterpoop frolp 4:30 to 6;30 foy swiipiping and life-saving practice. All girls interested may participate.
Mpjiey From Excipge In Union Office Monday Students who placed books in the bauds of the Stpdent Book Exchange and have pot claimed either boo.ks or pioney, may settle for them in the Union ofiice next week, Harry Hudson, Union vice president in charge, announced yesterday, when the .exchange closed with $200 from sold books in its possession.
PersoxiiA^ .NjQtes There wjll be a.i'el)re?ehti^tive Seagrapis mPd- Sohs^qn t^^ icamp^s Monday, Jan. 27,lo talk'with'-Chepi-istry apd sciepch majbrSw^fil Wbipen with secretarial traihingv Interested students call the ‘ Placement SeTpyice for Women to. -an interview. * Mies Charlotte yollll;)I;aft|).:t> and office Personnel df thg'Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co.,' A!^4h> will be, on the campus Erida^, 30 to interview women stUdePts for secretai'ial and cheipical pdsiticins.; Studepta fotbrested should qal| immediately:, for ..apppintmeptS'.'.4. ‘ Swift and Conipany are iPterested in talking’ witl) women whp ha^.b’ had secretarial and statistiqal trajnT ing. Interested women may sign up? in the PJacepieht Service for fofofoJ vie^ys ■vyhicli, will. bd '-'scheduled? .jj^y the Persopnbl Office.
■*
Canners Will (.Continued f.rppi paige: J) show a. film, ‘!,Cpmbat,” shoyfing th® war between insects, diseasfes and
men.
The production confereneb;, starts at 10 a. m. Wednesday. E. R. Lancashire will-'|(bh4;, a discussion Jn which ail tbPsej ih;,attendance may take part. Mhpy jhteresting point's for ipiproyePiept'pi production Will be hr ougjht (kit. - imlthe after upon there will be. a!, -“llpjt; Btpvo League Canfercpce” ' for '■ ^rS^iiza.tlori. , ,of Fieldmen, iCahpei's app 'Farpipi-B for 1942. 1;,. ; ' I In the evening the ebnferopce will close with a “Sons of the SbR” diPner. Governor of Indiana Henry E. Schricker Will be.l a? special gitest. The “Canners Wail” will he prp-. sented to the public once mbi’e. r.a.b. I- -f -f ■» ' Hays Jewelry C<!i. 't.
131 Nprfh Fourth SL
Fine [eweli'y at ?^pderate jFric|)
L ^ ^ ^ A A A. A-A A A A i< >. r T T-.T-T T •TJTiT-7r*r-T T' X'
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Bonk Store Acro3.s From Union "ReU’* Sammons *29 “Doc*'
i FRIENDLY SERVICE 1 H Bonded ^ = Gas and Oil = I T. & R. OIL CO., Inc. | iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main SI. Lafayette
fijuJidusL ^xpomtdL All-American 1940-'4]
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Opfohpc 3, 1017, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular acadeipic year and weelfl,v during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier lor $3.50 per year, majl sub(scriptiops, $4.00. „
Editor-in-Chief.. Neitii Editor....... -Bporto Editor
. Ned A. Ochiltree Bouiness Mahoeer ..John Li. Traueutt Manaxincr Editor Phil Johneon Coed Editor
...Don S. Powers .Lelahd' W. KulTner Buth Rose
' Publication Staff | .Editoti%l fflogs J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, It. L. Hadley. F, I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Sagrte BUiff: O.'T. Clark. J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Coed Btad: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Kamsdell. Associate Editors
Business S.fgff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bossonfe.' ' ■ Local Advertising Manggers: K. K. Gjemre, K. E. Saxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell: Accounts Manager: W. D. Miilard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenbcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
fiSmies: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 I- Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertis. ing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
.| iJlditof: Brophy Ochiltree
Day Editor: Kamsdell Sports Editor: Clark
Reporters: C, E. Sowurds, K. W. Kriger, D. E. Brewer, C. Hu-is, J. D. Smith. J. H. Soloway, A. Holland, A. T. Hunter, W. Ka/feit, A. K. Shapiro, M. A. Scalzo, D. L. Giaspie, R. A, Blaekhurn, J*. G, Holiinan.
Lliri¥£ffl STARTING SUNDAY
GO GAY WITH GARBO
MEMmioiiiiats
with CONSTANCE ' ROLAND BENNETT-YOUNG ROBERT RUTH STERLING •GORDON —— LAST DAY
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
TOPAY
BAD MEN OF MISSOURI with WAYNE MORRIS DENNIS MORGAN PLUS - BORROWED HERO
LAST TIMES TODAY
ALSO
"JUNGLE GIRL" Serial Latest PATH E NEWS
- SUNDAY - MONDAY - SHEPHERD OF THE HILLS BACHELOR DADDY ALL-COLOR CARTOON
LUMA LAST DAY — 2 HITS Parampunt preienit BOB HOPE
LAST TI/yLES TODAY
PENNY SINGLETON IN 'Go West Young Lady' also
LLOYD NOLAN in ; 'Steel Against tjie Sky'
HEfiOES UNMATCHED FOR COURAGE,
UNEQUALEU FOR CLORY!
— EXTRA PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
Starts TODAY
With ARTHUR KENNEDY CHARLEY GRAPEWIN GENE LOCKHART
MARS
:: ,, c
* I.IN 6AiDi ^
t ^ H-*;
ci'^i|-v^'t:',ill^‘-;
t iw'rt ^ Jf i ^ i-i V r 1
i;. V ;::<5en^rqn^; tl^ ;, iSfav^;i |r§|n|)qg;'^^jjqn;bas.kejtbjall/’^q^P? l!ba,'t sp far this sea||ji;^as bpen disrupting-i^ schedhlps Pf most' ail naajor teams in the ^idl^est. l>y, simgiy beatipg them, rdiiedi^ Plmh ppii^ 4U<' Gipeago , Mai’qpns Th.ur,s,diiy streak of 4cprin8r that never has quite let up since the lad started playing baskletball back in grade school. Dick came to the Great Lakes station f,r 0 m Northwestern Dniversity.
The., playoff, of the table tennis tournament begins this' after,noqn, at 1:30 in the ping pqng room of the hieidhouse, as follows: Tphie 1 phi Kappa vs Sigma Phi Epsilon . . ^ Table: 2 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Sigma Chi Table 3 Phi Kappa Psi vs winner of table two Table 4 Acacia vs tvinner-of table thi’ee Table 6 Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Tau Delta
Hy gjiil j^hn|b|i '-fy' ".'.'-j'. !► imfjprtant Big Ten XYeek-End : .i:-This weekend' the Spotlight of the t^iqstern Gonferejpqe har,dw,opd campaign will be focused upop. a: trio of legdipg teams, Illinois, Purdue and Minnesota. Possible endings of the three, games cap put the.^tapdmgs in many kinds of a puzzle. For Minnesota as well as Durdue it is a yiptual crisis. If either team, already with one loss pri the ledger, loses apother game, their title chances will he dealt a vital hJoW- r . Tonight’s game at the undefeated Illippis;’,,a;trqnghold with Minnesota will be watched by all the teams jn the league, all of whqm, even Chicago we imagine, are fervently praying that, the Gpphers, will .have the stuff to hand the Illini their first .conference loss. ' ► Ta,ube S^iys, Betfer Be Soon' Assistant'Dqilermakfer Coach I(Iel'^,uh,g;h^s seen the Illinois team play a couple of times this season, so we asked him if he classed them as invincible. “In my opinion,’’ he ansyrered,’.“l4®-,iihm.ois team ismt pres,ent somewhat .overrated. However, they ai'.e gaining, mprq e^jperienqe and more confidence With each game played, and unless they, drop a battle in the next few days it is highljf posable, that .they, will go 'clear through to. the Purdue game undefeated.” , > , ' ► <Phi Deits-Sigma Chis Pair Olif A couple of months ago last ^^eatrs 'dei^irdingi championship touchball team’, the Sigma Chi.s, played the challenging Dhi.Delt team a pair of tie games ini the finals,be|qi:e .the .Ph.i Delta .romped; to ,a bittqi'ly contested victory in the third) tilt* . . Nqw these same two fraternities, with several of the same players on their teams, a.te now ready to. pair off in the finals of the Class “A” baaketball league—;and a hot battle, it should be. It’s too rbad that an intra-squad freshman, game is scheduled to preyiey the Minnesota game Monday night, as this evenly divided. tussle would, be a natural for that occasion. May the best team win. ! . , , ; Buy United States Defense Bonds and Stamps ^ - 1[ BEGINNER'S CLASS I FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN 1; Opens Wed., Jan. 28, 7:30 f TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ] Advanced Class Opens J Thurs., Jan. 29, 7:30 p. m. ; . ,P. M. Allen, Nationally Known 1 Instructor. Phone 2150 < ENROLL NOW J ALLM’S 6tli and Ferry«
R/vifer SquasJi $^ua4 Qppg^s $t. L,quis/tpl^ M. L. “Chief” Clevett and four members of the Boilermaker yqrs.ity squgsh team left Lafayette at 6;30 this morning to compete in the Western Squash Tourney at St. LfOuis, .And t0,qp.pose.; the ,St. Louis YMCA~s,q,uad this afternoon. Iky’I'q Make It Thr.ee. , Cpming back fro a 7-3 wiu over the Culver Bfilltary Academy team last Saturday, the racqueteers will attempt to chalk up victories two and three .in 1942 competition when they face the Missouri oppqsitiqn. .' Norman Goldstein^ secqnd in, the varsity squash ladder. Bill Bond, fourth, Ed Wells, fifth in position, and Jesse. Papt, in seventy place, wei e selected to make the ,St. Lpuis trip. Gene Adams, captain, and at the top. of tbp; ladder, is ineligible, and Dave. MacMillan and Bqb Bqydston, third and sixth in varsity competition, did not make the trip.. Facing the YMCA team first, at 1:30 p.m.. Chief Clevett’s squad will encounter a hard-slashing team which has a good sized , victory 'string to its credit. . Forrest “Frosty” Fields, captain of the 1928 Boilermaker squash squad, and one of the best racquetmeri on the team for many years, will lead the St. Louis team against his alma mater. Variety Qf Entries The Western Tourney, scheduled to get ufidei: way at about 3;.00 p.m., will include athletic clubs .apd alumni groups from the Mississippi and Ohio valley regions. Outstanding entries in the tournament are from Cleveland, Detroit, Minneapolis, Cincinnati, and St.'Louis, d.e.b.
With the powerful hardtvood combinatiqrt from Minnesota scheduled: tq match scqkiag power .with the Boilermakers ip the Fleldhqusc pext l^.qnday •hight. Riveter meptqr Piggy Lambert sept his charges through a long wqrkput yesterday afternqpn, T h e “Whites,” composed of Krampe, Sproyrl, Tierney, Captaip Dqn Blanken^, apd Riley, had thpir de/ensiye ability severely tested by the “Golds,” made up of Friend, Galvin, Adams, and two recr.pits from “Dutch” Fehring’s Rhinie squad, Ehlers and Mcyeigh. Rebound Work .' When Lambert was satisfied with the manner in which the “Whites’’ defended their basket and gained control of enemy rebounds, he gave them the green light* to go ahead and concentrate on offense. With sopbomoi-e A1 Menke. operating from ,the center post, the regulars broke thi’ough repeatedly for scores. The passing of Blanken, Conrad, and Mickey Tierney was particularly impressive, and the ever-depen-dable Frosty Sprowl gave ample evidence of why he is ciin’ently leading thc; Boil armpker. scoring parade by repeatedly sinking shots from beneath the basket. , Despite the loss of Don Carlson, their high scoring forward, the Golden. Gophers bardwood aggregation is still one of the most dan^ gerous foes in the Big Ten conference. At present, they are firmly entrenched in second place; Us a result of five victories in . six contests. Their only setback was inflicted by :Nqrthweste.rp,.to the tune of 49 to 38. Branch McCracken, the Hbosier hardwood mentor, has tabbed the current Minnesota combination as one of the finest he has ever watched during his long career as a player and a coach. First Since I. U. ~ 1 Mqnday’s contest represents the first competition for the Boilermakers since their heart breaking defeat at the hands of Indiana. A victory for the Riveters would .epgble them to zoom past the Gophers in the conference standings, r.w.k.
went^d<^%i at ■ the , Michigan State fo0 1 R score of Iq Iq en spectators tom^ xfdi la witness the matchea- mhuA were held in the Flelifiipt^ This represents' ' '.aii'' * ' crowd, we eyeht of this khad). H In the foil tEvision, whiC^a tallies are scored wit^ ihe point of the weappn, state won six mptches Boilermakers were vict^rip^ ^ three. In the sabre diyisipp^ the edge of the blpde ps w^ as^|le pqints is used in scqring, thP ers were superior tq tbp East Lansing by a, .score of .3 fq: When the epmpetitiqir shffbed/ ^ epee, where points aye scorlll.^ifi^h the pqmt of the weapon igan State chalked up three, umphs as cqmtwred to pply^pne f<W the Boilermakers. ? > Best Performer^ Captain Burl and Bill Reade qf the Riveters^ qnd, jSorcqptSybg and Thalken turned in the formance for their respectingtitabm. A complete sumb^ty tire tournament fqllows: Foils' Willis (M) heat Oakes tP) S to 2 ■ Burl (P) heat Wlbdy^h (M) ffto't Burto (ji) ■heac;Ga£fai®(ftt^t^;i’.6":W:S' wiodyga; Burl (P) heat Burdy (Mi 5 to 4 Willis (M) beat Goodemote (P) 5 to 0 Oakes (P) beat Burdy (M) 6‘ Uf 'H Willis (M) beat Burl (P) 5 to.S Wlodyek (M) beat Goodemote (P) 4 to 8 Sabre • Thalken (M) beat Reade (P)l 5 to Z - , Tucker (P) beat Herseber (Ut & ta Z Reade (P) beat Hersebeir (Mt S .to .3 Tucker (P) beat Booth (M) fi to. 2 Ense 'v . Sherman (M) beat iBurl .(P) 3 to 0 ; .KrushaK (M) beat Burl (P>' 8 to 0 Reade-(P) bebt;)S:oiic** (M) ui to I ' Shepherd (M) heft TR^ade (P) 3 to 2' Winl^r Sskxrtq "
Qheer For Victory Monday Agaii^st Minnesota
piipid tpPt IP f^at the man in Ihp ^^yipe Ufahts to keep with the pnd gossip of the Hpiflpe campus. Win J|is he|r| ifitji a suhscription to the best of all college papers
Why not nmliP ^ liuiche or
GRILL
H’s jnsl a rea!
and hai^a a snajik! JPuL
The Corner of tfie Campus— Yet the Center of Activates
Jan. 26—Mimnesqtd here Jan. 31:—^At Ohio State Feb. 7—Iowa here Fe.b* 9—Northwestern, here Fgb. 14—At Minnesota Eqh- Iff—^Wisconsin, here Eqb. 2J—At Chicago Feh, 23r—At North'westferii Fek 2g^At Iowa ^rcb R—-At Michigan . k^^u-eh Illinois ; K INDOOR 'TRACK ^ Feb. 7—At Chicago j Rqjb. Ilr—Iliinois Relays ; E^. 28—At Indiana ll^ch 6-7—Big Ten at Chiedgo . hli^eh 14—Butler Relays lilag’ch 21—Chicago Relays . ■[ SWIMMING: :■ / ' iv; Jap. 31—Michigan State, here EqJj. 7—Indiana, here ' ^ Eqb. 14r7rtMlphigan, here E^. —Af Ohio State ♦.) Eei 2j—State High School G FeJ?, 28—'At JJlihois Mg,i;ch 4—At .Ghicago IJ^grqh 7—Nqi^kwestern, here S^q^^ck T3-i;A:^pg Ten at Mich. 21,-^ta^ Meet (tentktivejlK ]\^.qEqh, 27-§sir:.5N.-C.A.A. at'' -'U:'....; .''^J^TLINCT' Jan. 31—here Fgb. 7;—OWPi^ate, here ri' 9—,^ Chicago f Feb; 12-^Indiana, here Feb. 17—-Illinois, here ' | Feb, 21—Nqrthwestern, here ■ ^ Peli^. 2(8—Wheaton, here (tentatiy(fe)t AlArchig—‘At Northwestern. ' v sl; Mwvch 7—At Wisconsin it B^i;ch 12-13—Big Ten at Chicay^. ■Maiick 27r28—N.C.A.A. at Mich^frfi ' State 'I' SQUASH '-'I Jan. 24—St. Louis Y, there, . ij . Jan. 24—Western Tourney at i'v St. Louis .1 Jan. 31—At Culver - " , | Feb. 7—At Northwestern. (2:301 ^ Feb. 7—At Chicago (6:30) • 0*^ Feb. 14—At Pendennis ClBBi 1+ Feb. 14^At Winn-Stay CluK ; f Feb. 21—At Michigan (2:30^ - . Feb. 21—At Detroit Y (5:30^ . ■ Ji Feb. 28—I.A.C., here ■ if' March 7—At I.A.C. - ■ Mqrck 14—Western CoUegidtesi^t’ Chicago I Everything /or # ^ ^ OqUeg^ Ednetfihiip^ I -mmkk f
PENTiSt 30«>7 Mil^ \
.k tU. i'h
^ f < h
^ 'i /f o ‘ J V
5f r*|Jj I >'r
r^il
PufdtM Exponent
<ft
Saturday, January 24^ 1942
nri*il|MillllMiwMlilM
■OtM R
ilIrsityPays Honor iaie Dean Jordan #ii Printed Tributes \jl®fates to the late Chailes Ber |rd -Iordan, folmer dean of tht .. ehoot of Pharmacy, by the staff of t|e sc)iool, the University faculty ^bn6t collegians and piofessional s^ie^es aie contained in a book ^blished by the Univeisity y^ich was leleased yesterday Deiln Joidan’s death on Apiil 22 1'941, ended a caieei of 30 ^eals’ service as head of the School of Phaimacy during which the Ehai inacy department became a sepa late school, the Purdue Pharmacist was founded under his direction and the phaimacy extension seivice was established He was active in af fairs of the Ameiican Phaima ceutical Association, and leceived an honorary degi-ee of Doctoi of Science in 1933 from Ohio Noithein University and in 1040 fiom Rut gers University Indiyiduals whose wiitten tub utes aie contained in the book aie pr E C Elliott, Josiah K Lilh chairman of the board Eh Lilly Company, J W Sturinei, foimei professor of Phaimacy heie, officeis pt the American Phaimaceutical Association and pharmaceutical ed ucational societies, editois of phai maceutical publications, and piom inent businessmen in the field of pharmacy w e i Student Branch , of the Ameiican Phaimaceu tacal Association presented a Du Pont film, “Cayalcade of Chemis yesterday in loom 311 of the phai macy building i 1 m
Purdue Riding Club Freshman
Revises Program
As a lesult of the change in the Uniyeisity schedule, the Puidue Riding Club has undeigone a le oigainzation piogiam the mam featuie of which includes the estab lishing of iiding facilities at the Lafayette fangiounds At a lecent meeting, members tentatively appioved a plan foi cailying on then actnities at the local fangiounds This action was bi ought about paitly because the iiding stables southwest of the campus had sold then horses and weie unable to fuinfsh mounts foi the Riding Club membeis In addition to the stables otbei facilities at the fairgiounds include an indooi riding pavilion, an out dooi show 1 mg w ith flood lights for night iiding a half mile tiack, and a wooded paik of about fifteen aeies Instiuction will be furnished to an\ membeis who desiie it All students having an inteiest m iidmg aie encouraged to come to futuie meetings of the club, the next of which will be held Wednes day Jan 28 at 7 30 in Room 304 of the Union
inteiested m trying out foi
the Rhinio squash team aie asked to lepoit to the squash courts in the Pieldhouse Satuiday between 1 30
and 3 00 and ask foi Hess
Notices
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ograph woik done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2770 Lost Slide rule Name engraved in edge of rile Between FE building an 1 Uni ver ity stitet R waid Phone SGlal I ost Elgin wrist watch between bowl ing alky ml hro st ition Rewaid Phono ^802 George W Dicks
GP 11 and GE 12 The examination for the removal of C and I grades in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday -Tan 24 from 1pm to 4 p m in room 301 of the Michael 'Golden Shops —RISING Chemistry Major Seniors Those desirious of getting a job should report at ray of flee room 422 Chemistry building and advise me of their training desires as to employment and information helpful in
placing them
A number of assistantships are available for the coming school year in the depart ment of chemistry Those students Intel osted should report to my office at once
—DEGERING
All Students There will be a skating par ty at Maple Point Eiiday Jan 23 at 7 30 p m sponsored by the Lutheran Student As sociation of America Cars will leave the east door of the Union at 7 15 Everyone is invited to attend -—ANTAL Biology Students Makeup exams m Bi ology 1 will be held Feb 7 at 1 p m
—ENDERS
AIChE Student meeting Wednesday Jan 28 m loom 302 Chem and Met building
—KRAYBILL
Senior Coeds For information regarding
the Civil Service examination for positions
as junior technologists call at the Place
ment Service for Women Phone number
2955 —SMITH PIA Members Petitions will be accepted
for Secretary and Women s Social Chairman
of PIA befoie Monday Jan 26 4 pm Ex eellent opportunity for experience
—El DER
Archery Club Important meeting for ac tivcs and new members Mon Jan 26 at 4 15 p m in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse
—JAMES
Registration Workers Students who woiked for the registrar during the see ond scmestci registiation may get thtir checks by calling at the Registrar s office
—STONE
Rifle Club Meet in Fieldhouse rifle range Saturday Ian ^4 at 3 p m Big ten match with Chicago Attendance is necessary
—TADMAN
NkV Students: Call at the ticket office of the Fieldhouse for your passports ,, —GOLDSMITH Skull and Crescent All members desiring keys must order them from Frank Ilemler on or before Saturday Jan 24
HEMLER
Scrit^ner Inactives Actives and Fresh men Come to the Revival Meeting Satur diV Jab 24 at 1 30 p m in the Scrivener Office No admission chaige DRAY Alpha Lambda Delta Pins are here Con taqt me at WRH South room 233 to gr lange getting yours —CORNTHWAITF Exponent Coed Business Staff Sched ule IS as follows Monday Clark Keim Riddell EUiott Tuesday Foster Clark Riddell Payne Wednesday Poster Keim Payne Elliott Thmsday Riddell Payne ElliOtt Friday Foster Clark Keim
—SIESS
All Electrical and AIEE Members So cial meeting on Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 30 p m in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building Sound film Cop per From Mine to Maiket will bo shown Plenty of refreshments —KING Dolphin Club Rough and formal initia tions Sunday Jan 26 at 3 p m in the pool in the Fieldhouse Pay fee to Wally Frank before then —HERR Episcopal Students Communion seivicc for students Sunday Jan 28 at 8 a m followed by breakfast in parish house THORNTON Scriveners All members must bring money and receipt books to office Saturday afternoon Jan 24 —FINANCE Pi Tau Sigma Important meeting of all members Tuesday Jan 27 at 4 p m in Reading Room to launch new pdrsonnel pro gram ■—GREGORY Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed freshmen are asked to report for pistol team tryouts Tuesday Jan 27 at the listed time 4 00 G E Brower M E Bunker E H Coinclius J D Criste C D Emer son W J Heinze D S Lindsay P G Miller E W Riedweg M G Wade and D P Westeott 6 00 J E Beehelei K S Burnside E L Burroff B C Dickey O R Hill J A Holman E R Hyde C E Jones R N Link E D Lukcnblll L J McCabe A H Wakeland R R Wendt —BROWN CAA Students The following aio to report to Dr S J Miller Student Health
Service for preliminary medical examina tions and then to Dr E L Kelly Eduea tion Building for psychological examina^ tions Frank Aker Mac Blair Eugene A Bohike, James A Bioeker C R Cleveland William Loren Gallic Jerome Malvin Gold nflan Nathan E Grecar Ji Thomas D Hall John Cowles Harrison R A Johns Robert William Keisey Paul Grover Jor dan, Robert Arthur Gallbgly Urho Oscai Lappi Stephen C Lobdcll John Richaid Lundquist Dan Mike McKirnan Hugh W McIntyre Thomas Melton Howard Mes nard Thomas C Mullinsi Jr Donald S Powers Walter Pozer Levi E Rgtchford Wm Frederick Richardson Albert Osborne Roberts Philip Gordon Seitner Tom George Shields, Robert Mac Stone H E Thomp on - MFIKLF Undergraduate Dames Will have busi nesb meeting at 7 10 p m Tuesday Jan 2( 111 the home of Mrs Dale Ulrich 471'/ North Grant —VOLLNER AH Male Students Aviation Cadet Ex amining Board No 1 will meet in the base ment of the Executive budding for the pm pose of Interviewing and examining anpli cants for Aviation Cadet Trdinmg from Jan 27 to Fob 3 inclusive For full infor mation regarding Aviation Cadet Training and application blanks apply at the Ad jutants office Aimory GRAHAM
Student War CouUcil Meeting Saturday Jan 24 at 1 30 p m in room 263 of the Union —DIBOS { Freshmen Engineers Meet for Engineer ing Lectures Saturday Jan 24 at 8 a m in the Music Hall Note Seatihg assign ments for both Eliza Fowler Hall and the Music Hall aie posted near the mam en trance to Michael Golden Shops —KNAPP Freshman Coed Exponent Business Staff Schedule is ns follows Monday Riggs Krohn Tuesday Kat/ Neger J McCuI lough Wednosdas Cohen lob Thursday Study Delts Friday Levin Gumpper M McCulliugh SIESS Battery C 1 Freshmen There will be a prmtice session in baskcfliall Sunday Jan 2r at 1 10 on court 1 in the Fieldhouse —VOLI MER Cord Instruction (Male Students) Revise 1 code instiuction class rolls ire p sted on the main b lletin boai 1 of 11 c Armory If the hrst clissis were missed the attend ! nco can still be m do 11 IT BURKHART Reamer Club Mcetinj, Tuos 1 ly 111) 2 at so p m in room 301 tf the Un on RUIFNLR
AH Niwiy Entering Male Freshmen* If you aye not now enrolled In Military Train ing and have any desire to take Advanced Tlnlnlng you should enroll in Sasic MilL taiy Training immediately GRAHAM— Sigma Delta Chi Meeting- Monday, Jan-e imryi 26 at 4 p m in'ithO Exponent office Impoitant -TKAUGOTT Math Makeup Exams« Examinations to rctnove grade C in Math will be given op Saturday Feb at 1 p m in Recitation Building Permits to take 'this examination must be obtained ho later than Saturday ( Ian 31 —W L AYRES M E Make up Exams i Examination foi removal of C grades in mechanistn MB 11 will be given Saturday Feb 7 at 1 p m in room 301 Mechanical Engineering Build ing A Hall ' Prom Committee Meet Tuesday Jan 27 at 4 p m in the Senate office —DIBOS Silver Mask All members planning to attend banquet Jan 28 make reservations with mi —TOWER Scriieners Meeting Sunday night Jan 2r it 7 30 p m in loom 263 of the Union Guests invited Bring manuscripts —RIEGLE
FOOD THE WAY YOU LIKE IT West Side Grill (You Be the Judge)
Somebody told it! We were getting ready to make the announcement that ‘"We Waterproof Reversible Coats.” But the word got around that “we were waterproofing Reversible Coats” before our adv. was printed. Now everybody knows it. When W'iP Clean Your Revei sible Coat — We Will Wateipioof It. immi
Top of the Hill
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
• the Purdue Exponent Lafayette liid
1 1 1 1
• the
Puidue Exponent I alayette Iiul
191
1 1 1
101
Dtlivoi to
1 1
Received ot
1 1
the sum ot
tents
1 1
foi Annual sulisciiptions
Paid the hum oi
cents
1 1 1
Price
16)
ANNUAL subscnptions
1 1
Paid
Paid
1 1
Bal
Bal
Pci
1 1 1 1
Pel
mT Tin X JlIJIi PURDUE EXPONENT
1 j-n