Purdue
I.1W
Volume 51, No. 164
■C" X Exponent
Saturday, Aptit 27, 1940
I'
'Old Grads'Return WLW Will Broadcast CampusVarieties Boilermaker Bats Collect
Program Today 4 ^ if /% •
New Music Hall Premier starsbhiMartin 4-2 Victory Over Chicago
To Campus For Gala Week-End May 3-5 I Eth Baugh Predicts Record Attendance The “old grads,” Purdue men and women from all parts of the nation, will converge on the campus next week-end. May 3, 4, and 6, for the University’s annual Gala Week program. Alumni secretary Eth Baugh stated yesterday that scores of letters received from former students indicate a record turn out. With the dedication of the new Music Hall Friday and Saturday evenings as one of the highlights, the program for returning alumni will start Friday morning at 10 o’clock with registration in the Memorial Union building and open liouse at all University buildings the remainder of the day. Banquets, sports events, including Big Ten tennis and golf contests and a varsity-freshman football game, class parties, radio broadcasts, and airport exhibitions are among the events scheduled for returning alumni. » According to Baugh, George G. Pollock, ’05, of Sacramento, Calif., has chartered a 24 passenger airliner to bring his classmates fbom Chici^go. The 1905 class has planned a special party at the Fowler
hotel Friday night.
PIA Executive Board Announces Selection Of Six New Members Six of the seven appointive positions to the 1940-41 PIA executive board were filled Wednesday night when petitioners for these positions were interviewed by both the newly elected and old board members. The six officers chosen are: Damon Elder, Ag. 42, men’s social chairman: Edward Sopcak, Met. ’42, campaign chairman; John Due, Sci. ’41, men’s activities chairman; Bill Knepper, Ag. 41, and M. H. Smith, Sci. ’41, political chairman; Warene Hoover, Sci. ’41, women’s social chairman; Israel Selkowitz, Ph. ’41,
publicity director.
Since no petitions were received for the position of women’s activities chairman, the deadline for petitions for this position has been ex-" tended to next Monday. Any independent sophomore or junior co-ed may become eligible for consideration by submitting a petition at the PIA office by 4 p.m. Pinal selection will be made that evening at the meeting of the executive board.
Martini, Jepson Sing In Dedication Convos Final plans for the opening of the new Hall of Music on Friday and Saturday, May 3 and 4, include, besides concerts each night by Metropolitan tenor Nino Martini and lyric soprano Helen Jepson, the repitition of the dedicatory program on Saturday night for students unable to attend the premier Friday night. The dedication program will start at 7:30 p.m. both Friday and Saturday, with the conceii; beginning at 8:30. Arrangements were made yesterday by T. R. Johnston, director of University news bureau, for a 30
Helen Jepson
minute broadcast of the dedicatory program on Friday night over radio station WLW. According to Johnston there are also possibilities of a chain hook-up of nation-wide broadcasting systems for transmitting the dedicatory exercises on Fri-
day.
Both dedication programs will be broadcasted by WBAA, but the concerts by Miss Jepson and Martini will not go on the air as their contracts do not permit broadcasting. Martini has sung in concert, opera, on the radio, and in the cinema, appearing in the Philharmonic Auditorium in Los Angeles, Calif., Metropolitan Opera House in N. Y., Denver Auditorium in Denver, Colo., Meany Auditorium in Seattle, Wash., and the War Memorial Auditorium in San Francisco, Calif. Miss Jepson began her singing career at Lake Chatauqua in New York. There she met the late Horatio Connell, who advised her to study music. She studied at the Curtiss Institute at Philadelphia, and made her debut opposite LaAvrence Tibbett on the Metropolitan stage. 900 Tickets Left For May 3
Home Ec Students Concert; 5,000 For May 4
See Chicago Stores
Thirteen home economics students interested in clothing in the commercial fields left for Chicago, III last Wednesday and have been visiting various mercantile conceits and interviewing personnel and employment managers. Accompanied by Prof. Philena Palmer, they spent Thursday at Marshall Field and Co., Kuppenheimer Co., and the Merchandise Mart. Yesterday the group visited Sears, Roebuck and Co., and Eisenberg’s. Today will be given over to a series of interviews with personnel and employment managers at Carson, Pirie, Scott and Co.; Mandel Bros.; The Fair; Sears, Roebuck and Co.; and Marshall Field and Co.
ROTC REVJEW The ROTC corps will conduct a review for the Rotary International on the Intramural Field at 4:20 p.m. on April 29. The Corps wiU assemble in the Armory at 4:00 p.m. In order to make this review a success, all ROTC students are requested to participate. This review will take the place of the Corps Day scheduled at 11:00 a.in. on April 23 and 25.
Nino Martini
Tickets remaining for the premier of the new Hall of Music on Friday night, May 3, total approximately 900, Prof. C. S. Doan, ticket sales manager, announced last night. These seats are in the second balcony. ^ Although students attending the exercises Saturday will total 500 to 1000, there will be approximately 5,000 seats left for townspeople, faculty, and alumni. Ticket sales to the general public for Saturday night opened yesterday, and a large demand for seats has been reported by Prof. C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Faculty members owning convocation season tickets ase reminded that these must be turned in to receive tickets for the concerts. Wesley Foundation . . . will hold its annual Retreat for old and new council members all day tomorrow at Battle Ground. Activities will begin at 8 a. m. with a committee meeting, followed by a business meeting. At 11 o’clock an outdoor church service will be held, led by Rev. Wm. A. McFadden and Bonnie Swope, student member of the Wesley Foundation. The afternoon will be occupied with committee reports and a softball game
at 4:30,
Marvin Smith, Tenor, Will Present Music Program Tomorrow student Union will present Marvin Smith, tenor, in a program tomorrow, at 4 o’clock, in the Music Room, of the Union. Smith is well known on the campus for his work in the glee club. He has participated in the fourth Chicagoland Music Festival and was a finalist in the Indianapolis Symphony’s Young Musicians’ contest. Following is the program: I My Task . Wood The Lost Chord Sullivan If With All Your Hearts , Mendelsohn II Passing By Purcell Still Wie Die Nacht Bohm Onaway-Awake-Beloved S. Coleridge Taylor III Come Love, With Me .. Vito Carnevali Ah! Moon of My Delight . Lehman Spirit Flower Campbell-Tipton I Love Life . . Manazucca Rosemary Robinson will accompany him on the piano. Rural Boys Will Attend Ag Open House Friday In cooperation with the University’s open house program, the school of agriculture will be host to several hundred farm boys and their parents on Friday afternoon. May 3, from 1:30 to 3:45 o’clock. The group will visit the forestry nurseries, the greenhouses, where they will see vegetables growing without soil, the new^ agricultural engineering building, which houses the relics museum and modern farm equipment, and most of the remaining parts of the agriculture campus.
Bill Martin and his orchestra will be the feature attraction in this afternoon’s broadcast of Campus Varieties which will be held in the south ballroom of the Union, This WBAA program will be on the air from 3 to 4 p.m., and will be open to the student body as usual. Back for their third consecutive performance will be the Melody Maids, six girls led by Jean Skinner, whose outstanding vocal arrangements have caught popular fancy. New compositions by Frank Kuhn, Jim McKillip, and Bob Henderson will be introduced to the air for the first time by the orchestra and the composers themselves. Benny Burns and Marjory Williamson will complete the talent roster for this afternoon’s show. Some of the songs to be featured today will be “Wham Rebop,” “Whispering,” “Jamaica Jam,” “It’s a Blue World,” with “Lazybones” as the Carmichael Song of the week. General R. Danford Will Inspect Cadets At Review May 9-10 Major General Robert M, Danford, chief of field artillery of the United States Army, will review the University ROTC corps at the annual corps area inspection May 9 and 10. General Danford is recognized as one of America’s most distinguished field artiller3rmen. As inspector-in-structor of the National Guard, he organized the first ROTC unit at Yale University. Because of his efficient organization of replacements during the World War, General Danford was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal. Since the war he has served at various commands in the Field Artillery, among which are commandant of cadets at West Point, chief of staff of the Sixth Corps Area, and his present position as chief of field artillery. Indiana Sigma Nus Meet Today On Campus For Rally Sigma Nu Hoosier Rally will get under way today at 10 a.m. with about fifty delegates representing DePauw, Indiana, Butler, and Rose Polytechnic attending as guests of the local chapter. The opening session, consisting of discussion groups, will be held at the Sigma Nu house. Fraternity problems and their solutions will be the discussion topic. This will last until mid-afternoon at which time recreational activities will begin, occupying the remainder of the afternoon’s activities. At 6:30 p.m. the group will convene in the faculty lounge of the Union for the banquet. Ross Camp . . . was the scene of the annual Forester’s field day held yesterday afternoon. Inter-class competition in various sports events was the feature of the afternoon.
five Hit Pitching Of Bob Bailey Marks Maroon Fall; Teams Meet Again Today Banged and battered about from one end of the Big Ten to the other, even the hapless University of Chicago’s so-called “better athletic side”—their baseball team—took it on the chin for their fifth straight conference setback in as many games as Purdue defeated them yesterday afternoon 4-2 on the Midway field. Witlji Boilermaker bats blasting as often and effectively as Britain’s long range artillery, and faced by a Hoosier mound artist labeled Bob Bailey, the Maroon nine was kept tied up
throughout the encounter.
- During the entire nine inningSbit
was the Boilermaker’s game, with Bailey's five hit pitching set off by a team of Riveter baseballers who have begun to bang the apple around in professional style. Sparkling fielding, also suddenly apparent in the Boilermaker contingent, did much to encourage Bailey’s performance of yesterday afternoon.
First Blood
The first inning opened and closed without a tally being rung up for either side, both pitchers having the situation well in hand, but before inning number two had closed. Boilermaker batsmen had drawn first blood with Fisher singling Smithson home after Smitty had doubled, and Purdue was in the lead 1-0.
Matt Matthews
. . . and his orchestra, featuring vocalist Barbara Hillis, will play for the mixer tonight in the south ballroom of the Union. Matthews specialized in sweet swing music with Miss Hillis singing the sweeter ballads. Matthews has broadcast over both the Columbia and Mutual broadcasting systems. The dance will be from nine to 12 with the regular one dollar price of admission. Seniors Attend Banquet At Christian Foundation Seniors were guests of honor of the Christian Foundation at a recognition banquet held last night at the Christian Church. Tomorrow the Foundation will attend the Purdue, DePauw, Indiana Christian Foundation conference at Greencastle, leaving the Church at 12:o0 and returning at 9:30 o’clock. Albert P, Stewart . . . university choir director, explained yesterday before approximately 35 campus organization representatives that because of criticism in former years concerning the money spent by fraternities and soroi’ities for costumes, appearance would count only 10 per cent in the judging of this year’s All-Univer-sity Sing to be held in the Music Hall May 11.
Refugee Students Unable To Continue Education
(Editor’s Note: This is the second in a series of eight articles written by foreign students at the University in the interest of the Foreign Student Aid Drive.) By Josef H. Bach Dear Joe, At last I’ve ariived here. I believe my two letters from England failed to reach you. I am not as fortunate as you aie. For 14 months I earned m;^ living as a fitter in an engineering firm in England, and came here hoping to be able to go to College, but I was wrong. I have no money at all and nobody who has influence enough to help me along. I wonder whether you could give me advice as to how I might get a chance to visit a university. I am
rather in despair that after working 75 hours a week for 14 months I find myself deserted, and with no chance at all to go ahead with learning. Sincerely yours, Rudelph. I received the above letter about three weeks ago, and the boy who wrote it is one of my best friends. We went to school together in Germany, and I dare say that he was the best student in his graduating class. 1 of 100,000 But this is only one of the many letters of this sort that are written daily, and he is only one of the 100,000 European boys and girls who have absolutely no opportunity to visit a high school, to say nothing of a college. In Germany you are
PURDUE AB R H E McFerren, 2b -4110 Hearne, ss 5 0 1 2 Vernon, cf 3 1 1 0 Mackiewicz, 3b 3 10 0 Wargo, rf 3 0 0 0 Stamm, If 3 0 10 Smithson, lb 4 12 0 Fisher, c 4 0 2 0 Bailey, p 3 0 10 Young * 1 0 0 0 Yeager, If 1 0 0 0 Totals 34 4 9 2 * Batted for Stamm in 7th. CHICAGO AB R H E Calogeratos, 2b 4 0 0 0 Levit, c 3 2 1 0 Manders, rf 4 0 2 0 Laptka, p 3 0 0 0 Hurney, ss 4 0 0 0 McKracken, 3b 4 0 0 0 Cowan, If 4 0 2 0 Abelson, cf 3 0 0 0 Hirschberg, lb 2 0 0 0 More, p 0 0 0 0 Cummings, p 10 0 0 Totals 32 2 5 0
only allowed to visit a high school or a university if you belong to the “party.” But even then it is rather difficult because many schools are closed up so that the faculty and the student can work in a factory or on a farm in order to keep the war machine going. The writer of the above letter was fortunate enough to go to England and later to the li) S. A., but he never will have sufficient money to visit a college. The Foreign Student Aid Fvmd needs the co-operation of every single one of you. We know that not everybody can give money, but all those of you who are able to, should help these students who are unfortunate enough to live in a part of the world where politics dominate education.
But Chicago was not to be denied it’s meager taste at a possible victory, and a Maroon batsman scampered over the tally platter in the latter half of the second to tie up the ball game. Another inning passed without score for either side, and then again, in the early part of the fifth inning, McFerren scored from third on Wargo’s fly to right, which once more put the Gold and Black out in front. Winding Up The sixth inning passed scoreless, after which the Boilermakers sewed up the ball game, driving two more runs home in the seventh. Chicago managed to glban another run (Continued on page 3) Lost, Found Articles Now On Sale In Union The sale of lost and found articles by the Student Senate, which began yesterday at 10 o’clock, will continue today from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. in the reception room of the Union. Of the 945 articles collected since last fall, 276 have been returned to the owners, and the rest are on sale, with the exception otf text books. . A Senate committee placed an arbitrary price on the articles, which range from hats and scarfs to mn“brellas and compacts. There are also several pairs of glaisses which may be claimed by their owners, and many single gloves which may be obtained by presenting the mates.V,"v- ,
if
POBD0E BZFOlfBMT
Sohirddy, April 27. 1940
JonufiAow QjtJhiLCkwuJtBA. Purdae Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a.m.—Student Class. Doyle Mullen will teach. Subject: “Religion Goes to Church.” 10:40 a.m.—Church Service. Annual rose service. Doyle Mullen preaching on “What About Your Children?” 12:00 m.—Students drive to DePauw for P.D.I. (Purdue, DePauw, Indiana) conference. Theme: “Democracy vs. Christianity.” Bring lunches to eat on the way. Cost, 60 cents for banquet and registration. Will be back at 10 p.m.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a.m.—Roger Williams Club Class. C. E. Dammon, teacher. 10:35 a.m.—Rural Life Sunday. 6:30 p.m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p.m.—The Theta Epsilon girls of the Roger Williams Club will have charge of the discussion hour. 7:30 p.m.—Preaching service. Serman, "I Am Not Ashamed of the Gospel.”
Presbyterian and Congregational 9:30 a.m.—College discussion class. Dr. Graves speaking on “Suffering and Evil.” 10:40 a.m.—Worship and preaching service. Dr. Graham preaching. 5:00 p.m.—Committee meetings at Westminster House. Recreation and program committees will meet. 6-8 p.m.—Sunday evening club and supper hour. All are invited. Methodist Students 8:00 a.m.—Council breakfast. 8:30 a.m.—Council leaves for Battle Ground retreat. 9:30 a.m.—Co-ed class led by Joyce Winkelpleck and Martha Brower. 9:30 a.m.—Men’s student class led by Dr. C. 0. Lee on “Why We Believe in Missions Today.” 10:40 a.m.—Morning worship. 5:00 p.m.—Fellowship supper with a delegation from Crawfordsville and Wabash College. 6:30 p.m.—^Epworth League at the Church. Program by a team from Wabash College on “Youth in the Church.” Reading by choral quartette.
I WBAA SATURDAY 11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood—sopi-ano 11:30—High School~Guest 12:00—Women Shopper 12:16—^Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Saturday Musical Serenade 2:00—Stamp Club 2:15^Monitor Views the News 2:30—Melody Maids 3:00—Campus Varieties
Symphony Recording Purchases Increase; New Group Available With the beginning of the sale of this week’s symphonic records yesterday at the Lafayette Music Appreciation headquarters, the campaign for the Lafayette district entered into its final half. The campaign began on March 20 and will continue until June 6, one week after the final release of records is put on sale. Reports from the Lafayette headquarters, in the Exponent business office, 312 North Fifth Street, indicate that the percentage of University students among the purchasers is increasing. During the past week, several campus organizations have adddd their names to the list of purchasers. The six symphonies which have been released and which are now on sale are: Schubert’s “Unfinished Symphony,” Beethoven’s “Symphony No. 5 in C Minor,” Mozart’s “Symphony No. 40 in G Minor,” Wagner’^ Prelude to “Die Meistersinger” and Prelude to “Parsifal,” Bach’s “Brandenburg Concertos Nos. 2 and 3,” and Debussy’s “Afternoon of a Faun,” “Clouds,” and “Festivals.” Frosh Golfers Will Report Today At W. Lafayette Club This afternoon at 1 p.m. sharp, all freshmen-varsity golf aspirants wishing to qualify for frosh golf numerals are requested to report at the West Lafayette Country Club, to begin eliminations. The freshmen golf players should report to Harry Allspaw, varsity golf instructor, who is the pro at the West Lafayette Country Club. K. Ergenbright . . . ’34 has been appointed home demonstration agent of Benton county to succeed Gertrude Adams. She taught in the Battle Ground High School before going to the Philadelphia school system. Her appointment becomes effective July 1.
Meredith Club Will Seled Delegates To HE Meeting Virginia C. Meredith club’s governing board will select a delegate to the annual meeting of the American Home Economics Association at Cleveland, 0., June 23-27, from the members of the club who sign their names to the paper posted on the bulletin board in the Home Economics building. The paper must be signed today or Monday. All convention expenses with the exception of travelling will be paid for by the club. Robbins, Little Write Hew 446 Page Calculus Book Publication of a new 446 page “Calculus” which has been written by assistant Professor Charles K. Robbins and Neil Little, of the mathematics department, has been announced. This book, which was started seven years ago, will be used here at the University beginning next fall.
Chick and Egg Show Open Here May 2 Chick and egg breeders will gather on the campus from May 2-4, for the eighth annual University Chick and Egg Show at the Poultry building. C. L. Breeden, show manager, predicts a record attendance. William Ullman, Ag ’30, of the Kokomo Electric Hatchery, will act as official judge of the chick show, and W. B. Warner, Ag. ’22, of Winamac, will judge the egg show. Special competition will be held for high school students, 4-H Clubs, and Future Farmer chapters. Cash prizes of more than $160, along with cups, plaques, and ribbons, will be offered for chick show premiums.
PI A Chorus: Kehearse in room 807 from 4:16 to 5:80 p. m., Thursday, April 26. Other rehearsals will be held Friday, April 26 at the same time, Monday, April 29 from 7 :S0 to 8:30 p. m., and Tuesday, April 80, at 4:16 p. m. Every member must attend all rehearsals to take part in University Sing. —ABCmBALD.
Cosmopolitan Club . . . members held a party which took the place of their regular meeting last night in the Women’s gym. The club is making plans for its annual dinner dance and installation of new officer^ which is to be held May 17.
Union Workers: You’ll enjoy your party a lot more if you have the signs for the Botarian Convention finished. I’ll be in the office from 7:66 a. m. till noon.. —BRODD.
RE Open House Workers: Give John Nitsche a list of the signs you will need for your demonstration by Tuesday, April 30. —KEEN.
Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p. m., at Sigma Nu house. —FBAZEE.
Christian Science Organization: Meeting will be held Tuesday, April 80, at T :80 p. m., in room 303 of the Union. —KNIPP.
Union Sophomores.
with ballroom decorations Saturday, lyiiri at 1 p. m. 'Will be finished before pfcfiic.
' —HAMMAN.
Men needed to help
April 27
Advanced Course Military Students: Those who have chi^cked sabers fronpl supply room will report there before noon Meuday, April 29, and exchange for new sabers. —HATTAN.
Church of Christ: Meeting will be held Sunday, April 28, at 3 p. m. at 304 South 27 St., Lafayette. Frank Van Dyke will be in charge. —CANTONWINE.
Fencers: There will be no fencing practice Monday, April 29, because of the military review. —PARK.
PIA Board: Important board meeting in PIA office Monday, April 29, at 7:16 p. m. All old and new board members are asked to attend. Women’s activity chairman will be selected and policy of organization will be discussed. —MUSSER.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable aoaehines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. ffl)ersheff, 606 Main street.
Freshmen Engineers: All students assigned to engineering lectures will report to Eliza Fowler Hall on Saturday, April 27. Selection of schools will be made at this meeting. —KNAPP.
All Independent Co-eds: All interested in position of Women’s Activities Chairman of PIA for next year should leave petitions in the PIA office by Monday, April 29, at 6 p. m. No signatures needed. —MUSSER.
FOB RBNT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Modern Dance Club: Special rehearsal Sunday, April 28, in the Women’s gym at 2:30 p. m. All members must be present. —KNIGHT.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Black zipper purse containing keys, pen, money. Return to Ruth Parker, 403 Wood. 31643. Liberal reward.
Notices
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are scheduled as assisttant night editors during the next two weeks: Streid, April 23; Johnson, 24: Allanson, 26; Overman, 26; Thran, 27; Novey, 29; Zinski, 80; Kolb, May 1; Adams, 2; Amos, 3; and Stoeckd, 4. It is important that you reimrt on these days. —FRED.
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting 7 , m., Sunday, April 28, WSGA office. —SAURER.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p. m. in east faculty lounge. —OLSON.
Virginia C. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu: Chairmen of committees for banquet meet at 4 p. m., Monday, April 29, in room 108 in the Home Economics building. —MONK.
Scabbard and Blade: Picnic this Saturday, April 27. Trucks leave Armory at 6
-ANCKER.
Freshmen and Sophomore Union Workers: Loads of work that’s just got to be done. We need you badly, your friends too, so please come help us at the Student Union Office Saturday, April 27, at 1 p. m. —SEIBERT.
liiiTili —TODAY—LAST DAY—
Freshmen Engineers: All freshmen Engineers are cordially invited to attend the annual banquet of the Purdue Student Chapter of American Society of Civil Engineers ’Thursday, May 2, at 7 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. 60 cents per plate. Tickets may be purchased at Union desk or in Main office of Civil Engineering Building. Special entertainment. —QUEBE.
Reamer: Reamer Club meeting Monday, April 29, 1940 in.room 203 of the Unian at 8 p. m. —BOHLIN.
Freshmen Varsity Golf Team: Tryouts for candidates will be Saturday, April 27 at 2:00 p. m. at the West Lafayette Country Club. —ALLSPAU.
Egg Show Committee: Meet at Agricultural Hall, 6 :30 a. m., Saturday, April 27. —SEARCY.
ME 31: Makeup for test 4 will be Saturday, April 27 at 1 p. m.y Room 3, ME Building. —PHELPS.
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE Mon. April 29, 7:00 p. m. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS
PHONE 2150
PRIMEOSE PATH with MARJORIE RAMREAU HENRY TRAVERS MILES MANDER
CESAR ROMERO .. {hrilling you anew os O.Henry's doshing coboHerol ADMISSION— —DOORS OPEN 12;0(L-
25e TiH 2:00 p. m. After 2:00—30 - 40c ChiMren 15c All Day
LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 9:45
Ik
Mi. ' St....'’-
.$aiurd^# Apnl 27« i940
PURDUE EXPONEmT
■ '.i. 1
Miller's Pinrollers Down Champion Blue Demons
By Joe Dolan Maybe Dr. Miller’s terrific bowling victories over a number of the campus fraternities were a harbinger of what his masterful Pillrollers were to do in the maple-mauling game, which is slowly but surely getting the campus by the horns as a paramount recreation factor. Not satisfied with walloping fraternities around the hardwood alleys, Dr. Miller, student health head, and his Pillrollers, met and soundly trounced the undergraduate champs of the campus, the Cary Hall Blue Demons, last week at the Union building alleys. Blue Demons Favored The Blue Demons had previously won the ward bowling championship and then had defeated the fraternity champs to gain the campus toga. Composed of the best bowlers in Cary Hall, and that’s a powerful lot of bowlers, the BD’s were topfaVorites to drench the Pillrollers; but Doc’s lads, Fred Willis, Dr. Ash, Art Stuckey, and Jack Barone, experienced an exceptionally good night, winning by a total of 87 pins. No Load Up It was expected that Doc and his coach Willis, would “load up” for the meet, but the same line-up that sent many fraternities down in defeat downed the campus champs. The Blue Demons have petitioned for another game with Doc’s outfit, but Miller has stated that playing his team is like professional boxing, you have to work yourself back up the bowling ladder, and so he has consented to play the Blue Demons
if they beat a couple of the better fraternity teams. Kappa’s Next This afternoon at 4:00 p.m. Miller’s pillrollers will bowl against Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, in the Union. BOILERMAKER BATS (Continued from page 1) out of the closing two innings, after which the ball game closed with a final score of Purdue 4, Chicago 2. Only The Beginning The Chicago tilt was but the opening number in a week-end of baseball, with Dutch Fehring’s proteges being pitted against Chicago again today. The team will then take in the White Sox-St. Louis Browns battle in Comiskey Park tomorrow. On Monday, the team travels to South Bend, where they will meet the Notre Dame nine. Twenty - one Boilermaker ball players took the trip, the squad consisting of Bailey, Blanken, Cooper, Danowski, Doherty, Fisher, Hearne, Higgens, McFerren, Mackiewicz, Mitchell, Rawles, Ridgeway, Smithson, Stamm, Vernon, Wargo, Waterhouse, Yeager, Young, and manager Swander.
A University of Omaha student lists Mein Kampf as Hitler’s personal assistant in a social science exam.
^iaUbutk, CJyoiai Bgr Babart J. Deekard Papers of a Sports Columnist , April 26, 1940 After a boreas with Bill Fletemeyer,- Bill Bodden’s stooge in the comptroller’s office, rambled on down to the practice football field where 12 Phi Kappa Taus were softballing . . . Max Scully pitching, yelling — —^fc— Up to the Expo sports office . . . Joe Dolan pecking out a bowling story ... Ed Katzenberg, sophomore, in charge of sports sheet for tomorrow, assigning stories to frosh and other sophs . . . —^fc— Out through the Fieldhouse proper and walked down Northwestern to varsity tennis courts where Purdue was in torrid action with Michigan . . . Sat smoking in some feller’s car and got a nasty look . . . Jim Hebbeler, seeded number two man in the match, was recuperating there after a singles match with Jim Tobin, crack Wolverine tennis star. . . . Jim was telling us that Tobin had a bum knee, but that didn’t stop him . . . See Hebbeler for rest of the story of the tennis match. —^fc— Coach Larry LaBree and Captain Herb Fuente in maxillary session. . . . Art Jackson, erstwhile Boilermaker tennis player, hanging around watching PUers in action. . . . Saw Ray Lucht, PU man, do some crack backhanding against Michigan’s Jeffers in a match.
“I’ll Never Again Worry About Sending Clothes to the Cleaners” That’s what one of our new customers said to us the other day. “You did such a beautiful job, I’ll never worry again.”
©^owN Immm r~l M E C L E A'N ERS OF FINE CLP TJ E S
I OtsWA I By Mary Bailey “Then it’s one, two, three strikes you’re out at the old ball game” would be an appropriate theme song for WAA these days in the 4 o’clock sessions of baseball playing. Enthusiasm is running high as competition becomes tougher and the co-eds exhibit hidden baseball talents. The weather man has cooperated perfectly, and the games have been played off as scheduled so far. —waa— .Games which will be played next week have been scheduled as follows: Tuesday, April 30: WRH north vs Chi Omega and WRH south vs Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday, May 1: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Phi Mu and Ward 3 vs Delta Gamma. Thursday, May 2: WRH west vs Kappa Kappa Gamma and WRH north vs Alpha Xi Delta. Friday, May 3: WRH south vs Delta Gamma and Wards 2 and 4 vs Phi Mu. Tuesday, May 7: Chi Omega vs Ward 1 and Pi Beta Phi vs Ward 3. —^waa— Sharing the spotlight of attention with baseball are archery, tennis, and modern dance. Pratices for archery, headed by Monica Burgler, are being held on Mondays and Thursdays at 4 p.m. at the archery range. All girls who plan to enter the tournament should report for practice.
On to the baseball field where Pop Doan’s Greenies were mixing it up in a practice baseball game ... Heard Bert Sanders, Pop’s assistant, tell a freshman, “Think you’re tougher’n they are!” . . . Tomorrow be looking for a cocky frosh baseball team . . . Pop was telling another frosh not to try to get all the way around to third from first on a single to centerfield . . . Good advice, me thinks. —fc— Took some kinks out of an aching soupbone by playing catch with frosh Marvin . . . Almost picked up * a handful of blisters in the process . . . Got a big kick watching keystoner Petanzi whooping and yelling, trying to pep up the infield and the battery. —^fc— On back through the Fieldhouse where Phil Johnson and George Denton were “playing” tennis on an indoor court . . . Had a chat with Michigan’s Tobin and another Wolverine tennis player. —^fc— On up to the Expo office ... Phone call from home . . . “The Masters from Terre Haute are here . . . Get home in a hurry . . . Dinner is ready” . . . Copy boy! Come ’n get it!
MERCHANTS!! You’ll See EYE TO EYE with your Customer if he knows first what you have to offer. Reach the Students Through Their Own Pubhcation Advertise in the Purdue Exponent
Riveter Racqueteers Fa II Before Wolverines. 7 - 2
Boilermakers Open Against Butler Today Weather providing, the West Lafayette Golf Club will be the scene of two closely contested golf matches within the next three days, for coach Harry Allspaw’s proteges will oppose two topflight aggregations in the Butler Bulldogs and the Michigan Wolverines. A protracted snow storm interrupted the season curtain-raiser against the Titans of Detroit University, so Butler team should be the party of the second part in today’s inaugural. Following this match the Boilermakers will have a brief respite over Sunday, but Monday brings Michigan’s Wolverines out of the north to face a victory hungry team led by veteran captain Bob Hoffer. Tough Going To date the Riveter linksmen have encountered opposition of the stiffest variety and have only been able to record one marker on the credit side of the ledger, that one against the Vols of Tennessee, during the spring trip to Dixie land. This same trip saw them fall victims to two powerful Georgia contingents, namely Georgia Tech and University 'of Georgia. At South Bend, the Ramblers of Notre Dame fairly blasted the Purdue forces from the links by virtue of a 29-7 count. Same Team The present team is comprised of a mixture of seasoned veterans and newcomers. In all probability, the same men that made up the team in recent matches will again take the field for the Gold and Black. Captain Hoffer will be supported by C. T. Curran, Doug McDaniel, Sam Welding, Bob McKenzie, Bob Skinner, and Bud Evers. Newman Club . . . spring dance' will be held tonight in the St. Mary’s school hall from 9 to 12. Bob Trueman’s orchestra will furnish the music. The dance will be informal and is free to all members. IM Schedules TENNIS SINGLES Saturday, April 27 1 ;00 p. m.—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha or Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa' Tau vs Sigma Nu or Beta Sigma Psi. Alpha Tau Omega vs Theta Xi. Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Sigma. Sigma Pi or T. E. P. vs Sigma Chi or Phi Kap^a. Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon.
DOUBLES
Phi Kappa vs Beta Sigma Psi. Alpha Gamma Eho vs Delta Chi. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta. Beta Theta Pi vs Acacia. Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu. Triangle vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. Theta Tau vs S. A. E. or Phi Kappa Sigma. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Theta Xi. Sigma Nu vs D. U. or A. K. L.
FIBST
IgllilAlDB FOR FOOD PROTECTION the AIR-CONDITIOHED ICE REFRIGERATOR Of course you want air-condi-tioned refrigeration, but can you afford it? YES, definitely, if you choose iCEDAutE with its natural, unfailing air-condi-tioning. For half the price of expensive, cw'plex tefrigators you can buy a great big ICBDAIRB that will keep your foods fresher, juicier, more delicious and wholesome. See it before you buy any other. LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078 4th & SALEM STREETS
Falling prey to the withering drives of Michigan’s powerful Wolverines on the courts north of RosaAde stadium, the Boilermaker tennis team suffered a 7-2 setback yesterday afternoon. The visitors clearly outclassed the local racquetmen, taking all but one singles and one doubles match. Leading the Wolverines to victory were Durst and Tobin, who both won singles matches handily and then teamed together to take the first doubles match. Boilermaker supporters need not be downhearted over the results of these matches, however, since Tobin is defending his Big Ten singles championship, garnered last season. Anderson Wins Only Boilermaker singles victory was turned in by sophomore Anderson, who came from behind to defeat Gamon, Michigan’s no. 3 man, in an uphill battle 2-6, 6-4, 6-4. Fuente and Hebbeler both turned in excellent exhibitions, but the Maize and Blue had a little too much on the ball. Anderson and Lucht teamed up to give the Gold and Black its only victory in the doubles, taking the number two match handily, 6-1, 6-4. In addition to the defeat of Captain Fuente and Hebbeler in the number one match, Jeffers and Dober of the visitors outlasted Meihans and Berg of the local contingent, 6-2, 6-4. ' - ' State Teachers Next Taking heart from the fact that they showed as well as the records indicate against the champions, the boys await the invasion of Hie Illinois State Teachers this afternoon. Next Monday they will travel to Madison, Wise., to battle the Marquette Goldens in their first journey to foreign courts. The summary: Durst (M) defeated Fuente (P) 6-1, 6-1; Tobin (M) defeated Hebbeler (P), 6-0, 6-1; Anderson (P) defeated Gamon (M), 2-6, 6-4, 6-4; Kohl (M) defeated Richards (P), 6-3, 6-4; Jeffers (M) defeated Lucht <P), 6-3, 6-3; Stille (M) defeated Meihans (P), 6-1, 6-2; Durst and Tobin (M) defeated Fuente and Hebbeler (P), 6-1,. 6-0; Anderson and Lucht (P) defeated Stille and Gamon (M), 6-1, 6-4; Jeffers and Dober (M) defeated Meihans and Berg (P), 6-2, 6-4. ChemistsConveneOn Campus June 14-t 5 Recent trends in chemistry will be discussed here at a meeting of the American Chemical Society Jime 14 and 15, it was announced yesterday by Dr. Thomas DeVries, chairman of this section. Five different groups will have their own programs in this meeting. Symposiums will be conducted on the chemistry of soybeans and soils before the agricultural chemical group. Discussions on gases, gaseous ions, photochemical investigations will be held by the analytical group. There also will be talks on effective high school chemical training and its importance. Those on the program committee for this session will be Professor R. N. Shreve, chairman; Dr. H. B. Hass; Dr. R. C. Corley; Dr. F. D. Martin; and Dr. R. P. Newton. Radio Stage To Present Play Today Over WBAA Radio Stage will present an original play “The Lady from Silver City” this aftenioon at 1 o’clock over radio station WBAA. Written and directed by Dick Pittenger, student member of the WBAA staff, it depicts a true-life incident taken from a letter received at WBAA. Character parts will be played by Betty Erick, Anne Shay, Pat !]^ine, Virginia Fox, Bill Fall, Jack Lane, Del Greenwood, Don Salomond, Joe Martin, and Dick Kohls. P-Men'sClub . . . announces the election of the following officers: Ted Axton, president; Dave Rankin, vice-president; and Bob Bailey, secretary-tieasurea:. The date of the annual banquet was set for May 3, at which time blankets will be awarded to seniors.A
■“PP
• «
POBODE EXPONENT
Saturday, April 27, 1940
Jumhj. Jalk
Legality Of War
... is a phrase which has been bothering us off and on for the past few months. Yesterday it dropped in on us with all the incongruity of a pirate going to Sunday School. Hitler is planning reprisals because the British have ‘illegally’ bombed a German village! To sink ships loaded with food and supplies, to blow up whole transports of soldiers, to wipe out a thousand able-bodied men in one swift drive, to secretly undermine the government of a peace-loving nation, to deliberately destroy the beauty and culture of a keen-minded race—all this is legal, but bomb a village is illegal! To the scientific mind this is incomprehensible. Perhaps law makers use a different method. Wars have been going on since the beginning of Man. In the beginning, Man was supposedly uneducated. Today we boast of the great increase in Man’s knowledge, of the great progress in science, of the great strides of civilization. Yet we have war. We have no solution to offer, or no cure-all to suggest, but we do think that if the people who sit around and discuss the legality of mass murder would use their fertile minds to seek a solution of world social and economic problems, a peaceful settling of disputes might be effected.
Personnel Notes
Complete bulletins with the companies listed below, are posted on the bulletin boards of the schools from which interviewees will be chosen. Those interested should read these bulletins and company literature available, then sign up for consideration on the proper list in the naim office of their school. J S. Tatman, general manager of the Root-Connersville Blower Corporation, Connersville, will visit Purdue soon to visit ME seniors for sales engineering training and plant engineering work.
cations fiom senior engineers, preferably with a rugged physique and training in metallurgy, time study, ME or EE.
Students wanting part time selling and summer selling jobs are lequested to apply to the college sales depaitment. Real Silk Hosiery Mills, Indianapolis, attention: Mr. Goljenbloom.
Call M. Ott, The Youngstown Sheet & Tube Company, Youngstown, 0., wishes to receive appli-
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Syppliot
e Professional
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic Oft PAUL A. RmC OR. LUTHER A RMK OR. HAROLD |. RISK 4th fr AAaIn Phone S7tl
• Dino
DR. A. Me IRION DENTIST 119«AVme W. Ufayette Phone 4965
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5« PIE SOUP COTFEI 5e
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 AAain St. Phone 47ai LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop QHaHty Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
e Hardware
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Tailor
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Representatives of the Carrier Corporation, International Division, Syracuse, N. Y., manufacturers of air conditioning, refrigeration, and heating equipment, will visit Purdue to visit ME and EE seniors for training and foreign seivice.
L. L. Partiridge, assistant to the general manager, Simmons Company, Kenosha, Wise., manufacturers of beds, plans to employ ME juniors for summer woik in the design department of their manufacturing division.
But Incidentally— By Karamazov 4< If: >(■ The Russians are again gone and Karamazov strikes once moie. Karamazov wishes to state for the benefit of the committee in charge of the Service Fund for Foreign Students, that we are also a student. We are even listed as one under our alias in the directory. We went to the refugee Supper at Wesley Foundation the other night. Our food consumption was inversely proportional to our appetites. They were tremendous. 5*5 H’ Y It’s getting rather bad when high school students invade the sweet shop in droves, but yesterday the last straw floated in. Two kids aged 10, that’s so they could buy cokes without a written permit from their parents, came in and monopolized one of the select booths for almost an hour. They even held hands and whispered sweet nothings. Childish we call it. If If Then there was the little man that we talked to on the bridge the other night just before he jumped in.
Purdue Exponent
w. E. 8
KdiUr-fai-CMir . BauriacM tUumemt
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; Q. W. Frederick, aeananitiK editor; Vi. H. Antonini, eenior advertisiBK manacer; G. SchillinK, eo-ed editor; B. Jenkina, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5058; Sports 2792 Entered aa second class matter at the poet office 'in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of ConKress of March I, 1879, and at the special rate of poetace pioyided for in sectiem 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly dariny the Sommer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 83.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertisiny by National Advertisiny Service, Inc., Colleye Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigmed editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Ochiltree Ass’t. Night Editor, Overman Day Editor, Burtsfield Saturday, April 27, 1940
The night before he had spent five hours preparing a cub for his hour test the next day. When he got it done it was a master piece. There wasn’t anything that he couldn’t work with it. He went to the test with the thing all ready. The prof handed out the questions. Mind you now, he had spent five hours getting the crib ready . . . and then he found that he knew all the answers to the questions and didn’t need it. It just goes to prove that honesty is the best policy.
ested sign up in the personnel office.
in ME seniors for sales, shop, and engineering departments.
has majored in physics, to work at the manufacture of lenses.
Edward G. Sperry, vice-president of Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken, N. J., is interested in ME and EE seniors for supervisory work. (4-25-40)
J. A. Mitchell, western district plant supt., of the Barrett Company, Chicago, manufacturers of coal tar and roofing products, will visit Purdue to interview ME seniors.
S. M. Hunter, manager of sales, American Hoist & Derrick Company, St. Paul, Minn., is interested
A. C. Waggoner, Optical Industries Inc., Indianapolis, is interested in an engineer or science senior who
Research Foundation of Armour Institute of Technology, Chicago, is interested in an ME senior and a physics laboratory research assistant for research work in photographic and spectrographic studies of combustion in internal combustion engines.
Just returned from the weekly meeting of the T.G.I.F. (Thank God It’s Friday Club, dope), and now that the foam has settled we’ll try to get back on the “work fast” schedule, since this week the girls have 1 o’clock hours and you know “love is cheap,” boys. —B & B— Gordie Fletcher, partly bald SAE put his cherished pin on Bonnie Hixon, one of the quiet, cuddled type, and so far his views on a quick marriage are flaming with passion. Gordie’s found a new way to keep his hair; he puts it in a cigar box. —B & B— Felix Mackiewicz, Phi Kappa baseball star, has some rather sour comments about the recent pm merger of Frances Murdock and Kappa Sig Dick North. Says Mac, “She’s only cheating herself.” It couldn’t be sour grapes, or could it? —B & B— Another handsome SAE has been waiting outside the Chem building three days a week to gander at Theta J. B., Katie “Sadie,” Hawkins. As Bud Guard aptly puts it, “Don’t send me, Katie, take me with you.” (Note: J. B. stands for Joan Bennett.) —B & B— Somebody just blew in and told us that there were a couple party girls waiting for us but didn’t say where, so we’ll take a quick powder to the Pi Phi house. Bye now.
R. 'A. Fife, managei, Cherokee Lodge, Montague, Mich., plans to employ a young man to serve as host in his summer hotel. Good appearance, personality, and socialability are essential. Those intei-
Fordii® Hysic Mall Dedication Ceremony May 3rd and 4th, 7:30 P. M, With Music by Purdue Military Band, Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club CONCERT Metropolitan Artists Helen Jepson Nino Martini
Tenor
Concert Begins at 8:30
Soprano
TICKETS Reserved seat tickets are priced at $1.00 each. Tickets may be secured at the ticket office m the Men’s Gymnasium or by mail by addressing C. S. Doan, Manager of ticket Sales, Purdue University. Plenty of good tickets are available for Saturday night’s concert and a Limited number for Friday Night. Tickets, if available on the nights of the concerts, will be on sale at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. PASSPORTS must be presented with student tickets. Holders of convocation tickets on the main floor for Friday night must present their convocation tickets for admission. i TRAFFIC Motor traffic will enter the campus hy the main gate on Northwestern Avenue and proceed around the Executive Building discharging passengers at the main entrance to the Music HaU on the ground floor and parking as directed. Buses will discharge passengers in front of the Executive Building and those patrons enter the Music Hall through the Executive Building. It is recommended that patrons living near the Music HaU leave their cars at home. PATRONS ARE REQUESTED TO BE IN THEIR SEATS BY 7:30 P. M.