-t r 7 s '
mm
<.
/
Y
Boilermaker Quintet Faces DePaul Team Tonight at Chicago
Edit Comments
\.
On War Bond
Drive
EitablishedlSSI
157 Leave!
1(‘dltime 56, No. 108
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, January 29, 1944
Music Organizations Will Present ConvoTonight
New War Council Students To Elect
Selects Officers
Orchestra With Vocal Specialties
Members Elect John Woolling For Chairman Of Group; Nelda Reed As New Secretary
Officers and committee chairmen w^re selected at a reorganization meeting of the Student War Council held Thursday nigfht in the Union, according to Nelda Reed, who was elected
secretary.
After a preliminary explanation of the functions of the Cduncil and of the various committees, John Woolling was elected chairman of the group.
Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7:15 p. m. tonight for the musical organizations convocation which will begin at 8 p. m. Stars of the evenings’ program will be Benno Rabinof, violinist, and his accompanist, Sylvia Smith. All musical organizations, which include the Purduettes, Glee Club, choir and University Orchestra, in addition to several specialties also will appear on — the convocation.
Admission to the convoca-
Queen Of Hearts
Five Cent Purchase Of War Bonds And Stamps
Union To Sponsor Pance With Meade, 'Lolly-Hop' Theme
Lowell Meade and his orchestra will plajy for the regular Saturday night mixer to be held in both ballrooms of the Union tonight from 9 to 12. As has been the case for the past few weeks the partition between the balh’ooms will be up and
Committee chairmen elected are: War effort committee, Marion Swanstrom; personnel, Mary Lou Sternberg; publicity, Katy Howes; University administration relations, Eb Neese; and student relations. Bob Adler. The Council will meet the second Thursday of each month with individual committee meetings at intervals to take care of the necessary busi-
ill Ad As One Vote In Popularity Contest
tion will be by passports for students, social recreation cards for service men, convocation tickets which can be purchased at the door for 55 cents.
couples will dance in the north ball- ^^SS of the organization,
room, stags in the south.
The dance has been styled the ft D ClAlSfarl Ta “Lolly-Hop,” and, in keeping with K» Di JIvWullI Iv
the occasion,’ two yellow lollypops
with painted faces will adorn the With AST, V-12 Board
Purduettes . . . will sing in Music Hall tonight
black background of the backdrop.
OIrchestras’ History Lowell Meade’s orchestra has been playing for Union mixers since August, 1943. When” this reporter interviewed him on the subject he agreed to review the recent history of bands which have been playing for the mixeifs because he considers that mdny students on the campus are'Curious about these facts.
in Washingfon, D. C.
‘Life^ Photographer Takes Varied Shots
Starts in 1941
Back in 1941, when Meade first came to the University, a top-flight local band led by Irv Given was producing music for the mixers. When Given left the University in 1942 Maury Mahn and his also topnotch group took over the position. Last summer,, however, Mahn was called into active duty with the ERG, and when he left his organization split up. Five members of Mahn’s oi’chestra continued to play, however, and they styled themselves the “Five Men of Note.” It was about that time that the Union began financing the mixers from the Union fees and the two 'ballroom ai’rangement was conceived to suit both couples and stags. Tbe “Five Men of Note” continued to play for couples in the north ballroom and it was then that Harry Reed’s band made its appearance, playing for stags in the south ballroom. At the beginning of the semi-term in August Reed left and Lowell Meade and his orchestra began playing in his place. Later, when the “Five Men of Note” left, the partition between the two ballrooms was raised and Meade’s band began playing in the south ballroom. That brings us up to the present time. Members Mostly Students Meade’s orchestra is made up of 14 'inembei’s, all but two civilian students at the Univeisity. Vocalist Betty Hilton sang with the group Saturday for the last time; she will be inducted into the Waves shortly. According to Meade, outstanding members of the orchestra are Herbert Rawlings, who plays the sweet tenor sax; Robert Crowe, negro trumpeter, and Ray Gritencord, 16-year-old piano stylist; Keith, Parker, the marine trombone player, has played with Les Brown and deserves special note, Meade states. Conclubing the interview, Meade stated that he would appreciate constructive comments by the students on his orchestra and type of music they wish would be played.
R. B. Stewart, controller of the University, will attend a meeting Tuesday in Washington, D. C., of the joint Army-Navy board representing the colleges and universities involved in V12 and ASTP training. All contractual relations between the two branches of the armed services and colleges participating in the training progranns are handled by the board. The present meeting is for the consideration of the reduction and final termination of the war training program, chairman of the board R. B. Stewart stated. Representing universities and collegdfe on the board are Robert G. Sprowl of the University of Califoi’nia; Horace Ford, treasurer of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and President Rufus C. Harris of Tulane University. Col. Blake Van Lee, University alumnus who is dean of engineering at the University of North Carolina and chief of the facilities branch of the ASTP; Col. W. E. Volandt of the Army Air Corps headquarters staff; Capt. C. G. Hopwood of the Bureau of Naval Personnel, and James A. Fowler Jr., counsel for the bureau, represent the armed services. Stewait is chairman of the board.
By Pat Richardson Cockroaches and identical twins. Bedbugs and beauties. These were the two contrasting assignments of J. W. Goro, science photographer for Life, here in conjunction with the Pest Control Conference to shoot films picturing the habits and home life of cockroaches, bedbugs, silverfish, carpet beetles and other household pests. For a week and a half Goro took hundreds of pictiu’es showing cockroaches entering houses (theoretically), bedbugs feeding and the damage wrought by carpet beetles in cloth samples. According to Goro this was one of the most unpleasant assignments ever given him. Silverfish, bedbugs, other pests didn’t bother him greatly, but, said Goro, the large two-inch long American cockroaches were almost the limit. Little German ones that scurried were repulsive, but the American species scurried and stunk. New Interest While relaxing between bug shots Goro happened to mention to Tommy Johnston, University publicity director, that his next job for Life was photographing identical twins at the University of Chicago clinic, whereupon Johnston suggested that
Goro shoot a few pictures of the Vaughn twins, Mary and Marge. Goro varied his days by taking pictures of Mary and Marge in class, bowling, working in the book store or just relaxing; then it would be time to return to the experimental lab of Dr. G. E. Gould of the entomology department to make more photographs of cockroaches and bedbugs, or material damaged by termites. Pictures of the twins will not necessarily be used in Life. Secretary Is Subject Goro seemed quite impressed with the bedbug’s ability to conceal itself, according to Dr. Gould, and always was a little nervous while handling them. He had great difficulty in getting a shot of the bedbugs feeding, as by the time his camera was focussed the insect would be satiated knd scurry away. Dr. Gould’s typist was the blood donor and, in the course of a morning of picturetaking, her arm became a mass of welts. The University and especially the Union Building impressed Goro, who said he considered himself something of an expert, as he visited many campuses all over the country to film the latest scientific advances.
The program is as follows: The Star Spangled Banner. I Purdue Varsity Glee Club, William E. Luhman, accqmpanist; Albert P. Stewart, conductor, (a) “Fierce Was the Wild Billow,” No-ble-Howarth; (b) “The Rosary,” Nevin; (c) “Dark Eyes,” Russian Folk Song, Yeoman Robert Henk, soloist; (d) “Just a Cottage Small,” Hanley; (e) “Jonah,” Waring. II Benno Rabinof, violinist, (a) Praeludeum and Allegro, Kreisler; (b) “Ave Marie,” Schubert-Kreis-ler. III Sylvia Smith, pianist. “Liebestrum,” Liszt. IV Purduettes, Dorothy Martin, accompanist; Albert P. Stewart, conductor. (a) “My Heart Stood Still,” Fox; (b) “Dinah,” Akst, Muriel Hooper, soloist; (c) “Alice Blue Gown,” Tierney, Wilma Palmer, soloist; (d) “Summertime (from Porgy and Bess), Gershwin. V University Orchestra; Phyllis Baker, concertmaster; Joseph M. Ragains, conductor, (a) “The Marriage of Figaro,” overture, Mozart; (b) “Manhattan Serenade,” Alter; (c) Russian Sailors’ Dance, “The Red Poppy,” Gliere. VI Mr. Rabinof and Miss Smith, (a) Intermezzo, Provost-Rabinof; (b) Gypsy Airs, Sarasate. VII University Choir with Glee Club, Purduettes and Orchestra, (a) “Begin the Beguine,” Porter; (b) “Boilermaker Boogie,” Luhman; (c) “Why Was I born?” TCern; (d) “Erie Canal,” traditional, A/S Joseph Lautner, soloist; (e) “Malaguena,” Lecuona, Lucile Nitsche, dance solo; (f) Interpretations, Pvt. Phil Erickson; (g) Finale, “You’re a Grand Old Flag,” Cohan.
For the joint purposes of aiding the sale of war stamps and bonds and selecting the most popular coed on campus, Student Union will sponsor a popularity contest beginning Wednesday with votes obtained by the purchase of war stamps or pledging for bonds, according to Ginny Armstrong, co-publicity chairman for Union.
Winner of the contest will be crowned “Queen of Hearts” at a dance Saturday, Feb. 12, and her attendants will be announced at the same time. The appi’oximately 20 contestants, whose names will be announced in Tuesday’s Exponent, will represent each sorority, cooperative house, independent house and residence hall.
Voting Starts Wednesday
V. C. Meredith Club Will Hold Meeting, Elections Monday
Voting for the new of^cers will be held after the meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club Monday at 4 in the Home Economics audito-
Viffing wfll take place in front of i-juni and will continue on Tuesday
in the lobby of the Home Economics
the Sweet Shop from 3 to 5 p. m,
from Wednesday until the contest Building,
closes February 11. One vote will
be allowed for each five cent pur- Nominees for Oflices
chase, with a 10 cent stamp giving The candidates nominated are: two votes; 25 cent, 5 votes; $1, 20 President, Martha Lee Riggs and votes; $18.75, 375 votes; $37.50, 750 Judy Harcourt; secretary, Jane Fervotes, and $76, 1500 votes. Ballots guson and Mildred Maple; treasmay be obtained at the time of pur- urer, Jean Huston and Mary Marchase of stamps and bonds. tha Bertch; representatives third - Pictures of the contestants will Katrina Truax, Betty Baldbe on display in front of the Sweet McConaha, Shop and Debris will take pictures Connell; fifth term, Bobbiejean of the queen and her attendants at ^'^gs, Jane Justice; sixth term, Lothe dance rinne Brooks, Ellen Orr; seventn
term, Evelyn Erichson, Betty W^il-
Coeds To Ask Dates
liams; eighth term. Madge Huff, Betty Doster.
Rev. Claude Pickens
To Address Meeting
Senate Sets Deadline 'Philadelphia Story To Open Friday For Cover Sketches In Fowler Halh February 10
Friday is the deadline for entries in the handbook cover contest being sponsored by the Student Senate. Pencil sketch ideas for this cover are to be turned into the Senate office. The winner whose cover is chosen as the most appropriate will leceive a prize of $10. Anything characteristic of the University in an allinclusive mannei is the design asked for in the contest.
Hoof And Horn Club
Will Meet Tuesday
Mudball
hey there clarence i flunked my econ test i .said a sinking fund was a bunch «l war bonds dedicated to the jap navy so long MUDBALL
First meeting since last Maich of the Hoof and Horn club will be held in the Agriculture Hall assembly room Tuesday evening, Febiuary 10, at 7:30. All students of animal husbandly and the wintei short course students are invited to attend the meeting. Mr. Allison Stuart, main speaker on the program, will discuss “Oppoitunities of Livestock Bleeder.” Stuart is a prominent Herefoid bleeder of Lafayette and owns the Shadeland stock farm. Following the progiam lefreshments will be served the group.
Playshop’s version of “The Philadelphia Story,” by Philip Barry, will be produced on February 10, 11 and 12 at Fowler Hall, according to Proi. Carl Cass, director. Originally produced by the Theater Guild in New York duiing the 1938-39 season, “The Story” was chosen as one of the best plays of the year by Burns Mantle, noted drama critic. The play i an for 96 performances on Bioadway and featuied Katharine Hepburn as ’fracy Lord, Van Heflin as Macaulay Connor and Joseph Cotten as C. K. Dexter Haven. In the Playshop jiroduction these leading roles will be handled by Kay Foster, Robin Padoii and Eugene Levine, lespectively. Hollywood Version Produced In 1942 “The Philadelphia Story” was pioduced in Hollywood as a movie with Miss Hepburn again m the female lead. This time Spencei Tiacy and Caiy Grant assumed the male roles of Connor and Haven. Philip Bairy’s first full-length play was one called “You and I.” It won a Harvaid piize, was successfully pioduced on Bioadway and was one of the tbn best plays of that season, according to Burns Mantle. Bariy was bom in Rochester, N. Y.,
43 years ago. He was a student at parochial Schools before he w'ent to Yale, wheie he studied drama with Prof. Geoige Baker. He spent much of his time and did his w'l'iting in Cannes, Prance, befoie the war. Mail orders are now being filled at the box office in Fowler Hall. Single admission tickets at 75 cents will go on sale Monday at the box office, which is open daily from 1 to 5 p. m.
Dr. Brenes-Mesen Visits
Modern Language Classes
Visitor of several classes in the Modern Language Building recently was Dr. R. Bienes-Mesen, father of Prof. Edin Bienos of the Spanish depaitment. ^ Dr. Bienes-Mesen, one time United States ambassador from Costa Rica, was a former professor at Northwestern Univeisity. While visiting on the campus Dr. Bienes-Mesen made a toui of Red Cl OSS woik looms in the Union Building, since he was foimerly the president of Red Cross in Costa Rica.
Representative of the student volunteer movement, the Rev. Claude L. Pickens, recently of Hankow, China, is to be on tbe campus next Tuesday and Wednesday under the auspices of the religious council. The Rev. Mr. Pickens is scheduled to speak at the religious council luncheon at noon on Tuesday, Febiuary 1, at the Hillel Foundation. Tuesday evening at 7:30 he will address a meeting at the Wesley Foundation, to which all students and military personnel are invited. Will Speak at Westminster On Wednesday evening at 7:30 a second open meeting will be held at the Westminster Foundation at which Mr. Pickens will speak. A graduate of the Episcopal Theology Seminal y, Alexandria, Va., the Rev. Claude Pickens assumed work at Ichang and Hankow in the diocese of Shanghai, China, in 1926. Because of Japanese occupation of the Yangtze River valley Mr. Pickens was forced to return home on the S. S. Gripsholm in August, 1942.
Gold Diggers Ball will be held next Saturday in the Union from 9 to 12. The dance, abiding by the tradition of former years, is coed bid. This arrangement makes the evening a turn-about affair and gives the girls a chance to ask their own dates. The girls will call for their dates, escort them to the dance, arrange for their wraps, buy the cokes, carry combs and any other duties required of the perfect date. Bids may be obtained from the west desk of the Union, the AWS Board, with Pat Patterson, social chairman, in charge of the arrangements. Because of the date, including the year, chosen for the dance, the decorations will carry out thfe leap yearvalentine theme. Surprise at Ball The novelty of the ball during preceding years has been the presenting of unique corsages to the dates. The plans this year have been changed in favor of a new idea. The highlight of the evening will be one-half hour devoted to a “surprise.” No announcement will be made of what to expect. The dance is informal and tickets are $1.10 per couple. No stags will be allowed.
The program for the Monday meeting will feature Pfc. Mazzio, a WAG from the WAG recruiting office in Lafayette. Pfc. Mazzio will speak on “Gommercial Dressmaking.” She is a graduate of a trade school in New York Gity. The meeting is opened to anyone who is interested.
University Hunters Shoot
Enemy Pigeon
Miles Will Speak At Seminar Monday
Triton Club
Monday at 4 p. m.. Professor S. P. Miles of the University staff will be the speaker at the Agi icultux'al Seminal'. His subject will be “Bacterial Experiments”. He will endeavor to show how much more information can be gathered by bacterial experiments than can be taken from other types of experiments now being used. Bacterial experiments have broad application in all fields of agriculture. The seminar will take place in room 201 of Agriculture Hall.
By Pat Wendell As we were strolling over to chem lab the other day our aplomb was shattered by a series of not too distant explosions. After discovering it wasn’t the librarian who wants those books, we climbed down fx’om the tree and rushed over to count the corpses. They were dead pigeons. We managed to pry some information from the brave nimrods who were so skillfully stalking wily pigeons. It seems that every few months University officials notice the peculiar buzzing in their ears and decide to squelch the squabs, so they gii/e some lucky employee the privilege of shooting free shells at free pigeons for free meat. When we arrived the floor of the pick-up truck was already covered with birds and the hunters "were still banging away merrily. The tall, thin woodsman scowledv^Jaikly when, we asked to shoot. Quoth this pseudo Dan’l Boone, “Nope, ya gotta be careful and see that ya don’t hit the gutters.” Whereupon we called them gut-tei-snipers and left—hurriedly.
Alpha Phi Omega
. .. announces the initiation of the following girls: Eleanor Bauer, Betty Beese, Margaret Briggs, Betty Garlson, Shirley DeGraff, Dotty Ellage, Jean Ellis, Jane Gaugel, Marietta Griffeth, Garolyn Hyman, Kay Karvett, Betty Lou Minnett, Ann Kline, Dotty McKenstray, Jane Scarff, Eleanor Shaefer, Betty Steen, Betty Strasser and Nola Sweeney.
Xi Sigma Pi
. . . national boy scout honorary, announces the pledging of the following persons: Charles Davis, Ralph Cochran, Clarence Bryant, A/5 Haldor Carlseu, William Hessler, A .s Bob Adler, Gail Hershey, Giahani Howard, Gerald Ulrich and Jack Waller.
National Honorary Forestry Fraternity announces initiation of the following: George P. Breckenridge Ralph E. Miller Clem L. Pope ^ Richard G.'Prasil Harry A. 'freadwell Howard E. Weaver
Dr. H. H. Remmers
... of the University division of educational refereiice leaves toraorlow for a oouference with the regional directors of the qualifying test for civilians, Aimy and Navy college training program.
' r.t
VC,I
<Vii
A^^J i i.
jPfiffe 2
Purdue Expon^t
Saturday9 January 2% 1944
JTurdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhcuso, Phone 2792 Edi*'oriai Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Businci-s JlaniiKcr Ncw<i Ldilor Manai-inK EtI tor Sporta tditoi
1 II
EIIis Murplij Mnry DiUs William H Tvsoi Carol} n Wilbur •sill 111 J ipe J
Publicirion Staff Fchtor 'll Staff Asioc ate Editors Tael Mb It R iti M F rd Jladelyn A Gr In « I 1 it 1 a I M r I li Sttllcs tan \ \ V \ 1 \ J 1 1 M tl > I L R fcfct 1 I II ' ^ . A‘‘ c ale 1 orta 1 1 t ra 1 1 \cl c a 1 1 Ca be W 1 an t art r M <• W Sen cc •ato.fl M ir 1 t r ( I I FI I co Friedman Tack Ml i lac I Ko U t Hob B 1 cr
Business Staff Advertiainsr Manairer C 1 C nt slant Vd rt n 'la aj, r B ttv Maney C rculat on Manastr i C r an
Nip! t E tor R o' are
e 1 ion Iv '
Staff Tor This Issue I) I i tor Tuc I nr I u I oit r U 1 bai Sport r liter \c! erma 1
r
I 01 II 1 to staff Ph toi,railcr C Toller
F itor Ib I r 1 1 p n ent Lyle Cris
Pepo
Aaj rc
P U to
Fit r 1 ette Ir a d at 1 0 I b b d
s cond b n tl r at 11 e post off ce In Lafay 1 the cl ot C n s of March 3 18 9 c a of p ta„t I rov ded for in eectio 111) a tl 0 1 T n lary 20 1022 a n r a n I S t rday rnornines dur ttr cl rd D1 vered dail) 1 1 r r I 1 a I for *1 GO for n I I a n d at the Exponen W t 1 1 T 1, ) r s by National Advertis 1 1 r lleprebcntativea 42i Ne t \ k N \
lion foi the meclinp:> Wai Food Administiatoi Marvin Tones had his staff piepare a lengthy lepoit on food puces, faim Inboi machineiy and othei phases of the faim pioblem Ihis repoit wis distiibuted befoie the meeting so tint membeis of the Wai Mobilization committee Mould have time to study it but it soon became appar ent that gennl Judge Jones Ind not lead carefully his own lepoit—if at all When he began to lalk about the drastic need of farm machinery and the restiictions on its production, WFB s Don rid Nelson quickly picked him up Obvious 1> Nelson had read Jones’ report and had some facts of his own to lefutc it He pointed out that the only thing getting a higher prioiity than faim machinery on the war pioduction schedule was the landing craft piogiam and that the President had ordered landing b irges placed ahead ot everything else Ton ivouldnt put faim machinerj ahead of land ingbaiges would you’ asked Nelson ^\ell it wont do ’em any good to land if they haven t got food, lephed Jones Undei Secietaiy of W u Pattcison ilso tangled liislly with Tones ovei faim dcfeiments Patteison pointed out tint thcic vveie 750 000 boys between 18 md 21 with pcimaneut di ift defoiments because they vvcic faimeis This IS gi e itoi th in ill the othei defeiments of the entiie countiy s iid the Undei Secietaiy of Wai adding th it while agiicultuie should be m a piefeiied position it hould not be a liaven foi diaft dodgeis Well the Aiinys got to hive food doesn t if^ leplicd Jones
[ GRIN An& BtAR IT By Lichty
Uncici ill ‘-i on o alup (1 Pan Hellenic In depone ents and H emen b Re idcnce Hads Wai ERo iCoi Hue coeds hat e been conductinir m 0,1 o 1 c n pus in th*^ picsent W ii L d Du e clii c. Inch bec,an Januaiy
0 Q Vv 1
Ir 1 loi xo 11 TV eeks Iiom that date, ^Lol"i ouota set at '‘15 000 and accoiding
'poit iccencd at the end of this week, f on olO of that goal has been leachecl fl cccc s 1 tv t been woiking in an oiganized sy le n by selling bontis at tables in the Union eaf tein P e lh« cuit Room and the home cr* F] 1 cs 1■> VC cij noon vneleveiyete 1 ig am tlm v ijiointed committees m the\ Rc&i P ic^IUh ha c been cam asoing the gills ho Ine tliLic ino i oi the sales aie being nn u in Lh® inm c pledges to b ly bonds, but anps 111 le ciiffei nt dcnominationb aie also
I r no gold m Pie dim
Sp ce ihe lercip s ic dolimtely kiPiing if kfi t,aa 1 u) 1 eache 1 the Upion has an 1 11 cc 1 i f iluiu conlesl to cncoiiiage the a^e c s nil u(l be ids b\ gi\ ing \ otes pio ] ) toiialuPh inoLiii 11 the ])Uichases Such a con esL should coit imlv <gi\e moie people V no nay en t ha 1 the in ge is yet in incentive to 1 ly a lew 1 id Do lal stamps and bonds c inh no cv ciise whatsoevei loi failing to icach th quot i set foi this campus vnic'i 1 as a leputation loi b^ ng yvai minded anyv n cipplvino simple mathematics le ACc' th it it each siudcnt on campus yvould ^ji TibiU 1 is hue of the ‘pi 000 ciuota no one s 101 kl )! i c to l)in in impossible amount iP Ci In F m ikc the dii\c a success luguic
it out A oui el
ei A c jjoj] lud its haAc oiu icspon ^ bdPy 1 Ic’ 11 this (liiAC It cei lainly isn’t iisces cii A 10 adA oc ile that a\ c all i cquest that oil ] cU c l 1] ciea c 0111 illowanccs to include IhF A 1 bold ]iuicna''(s avc aie expected to n Oil] coi iibulion could be made in the foil! f 1 coPc mone aag choose 1o set r. side lo i IjcilC’ iTiUiOsc thin that ioi A\hich y\c mr ! be J ifhnod lo use it oidiniuly xli ] (I A\ tl an 1 buAing stiraps did boi c 1 11 c Ic i t one c n eki to iccept his le spo 1 bill t 1 it c cm o oAci the lop’ Ui^i he on c nil] u Iris doll'—-mlf
P E A R S © H
Views Dewey As k\an To Best/' Says Democratic
Ig Wi^ Conference
i rO\ 0 1C i the Liji top 1 ml mg Demo
1 1 II
1 le t t(
1 I
lent ically lets his
I \ c t II w th the Boss \ 1 I J 'I Ihinl A\ ill be the
I
11
till
I I
1 \ f It 1 Ihe lb e idei t
D
I) I 1
1 f 11 il i
D tl t I I 1 he Ft f idi I
in >■ 1 sit i out
\ net \ o b
that he [it uch a 1 < vv it'i the eiiti get t li
'•uirimei
id It n flu Hem (I til Fig Wig let in on this tl r e s il) H L jii id I d it f h m i sign fit int itmaik oi il 11 f V 11 !)t I > I,* 1 m iu I i( Mil
i I It
1 t tl 11 w IS 110 use w lit (I 1 gn ,, Jiiif ittei Dew t)
I t s
lien ihtlititi in seeking y -'i w< ik iioinfs well in rd (11 ltd in l‘)10 over the latt i il t t imiiaigning compared Will! It pit in thioughout the
Food And War
A ) tai 1 J K idi 1 I J 11 \ I ( il't I a 1 tctii g ol til Vt n HI }1 ill/ill i tni iltei tie otlu i day ti tliscus'' tiu V ital que ti i 11 ill i Iti 11 It 11 cj u i
Jones' Sfock RepBy Anothei to tangle with War loot! Administrator Jones WTs Lavience Applev McNutts assistant as A\ai Planpowcr ( ommissioner Appley showed case after case vvlicie the AA ii Manpowei Commission had supplied Hboi for tanneis at tlie request of the War I ood Administration only to find that the canners did not need the labor iVftei the extra labor was moved into the tanning districts they were not hired Applev said and it seemed obvious that the canners wanted them there to eieile a suiplus and thus keep wages dow n To tins Judge Jones gave his stock icpij AVcll >o'i have to h ive lood don t you’ 1 11 illy Joe Listmin Diicctoi of Defense Tims poitition took Jones ovti the huidles on the giound th it the 1 uhoids weic cluttciecl up with cioss hulling of tiade maikcd food The big piocessois he pointed out vvcie shipping special biands of food fiom Isast to AVest while otheis vvcie shipping from West to List m 01 del to keep then tiade muks befoic the public He el limed tint the ovei buidenecl lailioids should not be isked to handle this loid Again Jones g ive his stock leply By thib^time J istice Byinos who had palled the meeting was fidgeting m Ins chaii The time of a lot ot impoilmt Government chiefs was being wasted The meeting idjouined Atteiwaid Donald Nelson lemiilcd Might just as well hive i good clicked phonogiaph lecoid is M iiA m Jones
M JhsL
(^hjuJtdvLL
Psychology Drasioo To Sponsor Courses
St
John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry ;
Rev R F Thornton, Rector
Sam —Holy Communion
10 45—Choi al morning piayei and seimon The seimon topic is to be ‘ Chiistian Impel atives and Good Citizenship ” Music furnished by the chon will include Novello’s ‘Like as the Hait’ The scivice will be bioadcast ovei WASK
University Presbyterian Church North Street Near Grant Rev Tqhn W Findley, Minister 9 30—Di Giaves of the mathe matics depaitment will lead a dis cussion of ‘ The Life and Teaching of Jesus ” 10 30—Moinmg woiship at which Di M Willaid Lampe dnector of the school of lehgion of the State Umveisity of Iowa will pi each 5 00—Evening fellowship with informal lecieation a suppei at 20 cents a plate and a discussion led by J W Faust Ji 7 00—Vespei Woiship led by Bud Uhich Fiiday fiom 7 to 11—Open house
The division of education and ap^plied psychology will sponsoi a gioup of three irttensive one vVfeek courses oh the principles! of Iiffe insurance and the ait of selling at the University beginning next Monday. The first course, January 31 to Februaiy 7, which is designed Primal ily for underwiiteis lyho have nevei foimally studied the basic piinciples of life msuiancei Will be attended by approximately BO men fiom site rtiidwestein states Duimg the weelc of Febfuaiy 7 to 12 an advanced course on salesmanship propel ties and their in6oine 111 compaiison with li:^e msulance and cuirent insurance pioblehis wiU be offered The final couise a comprehehsive study of msuiance tax pioblems anff business insurance, will be held from February 14 to 19 The couises are being offeied in coopeiation with the Indiana State Association of Life Undeiwrlteis Alden C Palmei of Indianapolis, diiectoi of the educational division of the msuiance lesearch and le view seivice will be inigeneial chaige of the instruction
“I’m glad to say that I was nevei taken in by those tiavel will be held m the chuich lecieation „ , , , , Ti. 1 I » ^ looms foi all students and seivice
foldeis desciibmg Sunny Italy—
Iheie will be games lefiesh
ments and dancing
University Calendar
7 30 P M 8 30 PM
9 00 PM 9 00 P M 9 00 P M
Saturday, Jamyary 29 Pin due Music Oigaiiizations Annu il Conceit H ill of Music Acacia Phi Dell i Thet i and Alphi Sigma Phi Dance East md West Faculty Lounges Union Dance Noith md South Balliooms Union Phi Delta Theta Dance Ficulty Lounge Union Alphi Sigmi Phi Dance Memoiial Union
Fust Christian Chuich Coinei Sixth and North Rev Doyle Mullen, Minister 9 30—Sundav School it which Miss Doiothv Bovee will speil 10 40—Chuich Seivice 5 to 7-—Sunday Evening Club Suppci IS to be solved it 20 cents a plate The gioup will discuss the topics oi the 1 ist two speakeis
Di Otto Scott Steele will pi each on ‘A Chiistian World Oidei ” 5 15—'Fellowship Suppei 0 00—Mis Lester Whiteman is to be guest speakei 7 00—Closing woiship
Hillel Foundatioji 116 Sheetz Street Uabbi M H Simon 10 30—Seivices will be held at Eliza Powlei Hall Theie is to be no evening meeting tomoiiovv
Students Pai $950
Penalty Fees
Roosevelt Talks Turkey
Until now no details have leal ed out concerning the confeiei ce in C luo between PDR and Picsident Iiionu of Till] cv but it cm now be levealed that Inonu j-iomscd I^iesidenL Roosevelt all iicl shoii of wai He did not close the dooi to vv ii but pointed out tint Tilleys leading cities such is Istanbul (Con stantmoplc) md Anl an the capitil could be demol isbcd ilmost oveiiii.3ht b^ Geimm bombeis based m Bulgiiii He ilso nsistcd tint it lull ey must ,,et into the wii the Allie must delivei i fii gieitci slocl ol fightm., equipment than luikey Ins seen so f 11 But most SI nificant w is the piomiso oi ud of olhoi 1 11 ds Inonu m ide it cleai th it ho expects m Allied vicloiy and w nts to help bimg it ibout Note—1 hose who sat in on the conference with the two chiefs lepoi t that Roosevelt tossed aside all advice that he should talk in a dev ions manner vv ith Oi lentals and pi 1} his hind close to his chest On the contiaiv he talked to Inonu in the same frank and bieezy man nei that he would use with somebodj like bpcakei S im Rav bin n in AA ashington I his m idc a big hit w ith Piesident Ijionn
Univcisity civilim tudents pud a totil of ‘')9o0 in penilty d i> fees because of absences fiom classes on Deccmbei 23 27 oi of ImuiiA 1 oi accoiding to i lecent summaiy liom the office of Pied I Goldsmith dc 111 of men The tot il numbci of ibsenccs dui mg the five penilLi d ly I ctoie md iftei the Chiistmis md New You holidays w is 587 but 197 of these' weic exempted tiom paying the “fS fine* because of ciiois in instiuc tois lepoits Mmy ASIP md V'2 students weie lepoited to Un vcisity ofiici ils inste id of to then own militaiy md nivil authoiities Othei students had withdi iwn liom school oi can celled couises without notitying the instiuctois md weic counted ib sent The m ijoi ilv of the 1 )2 students excuse 1 1 cc u e of illness cithci in i hospital o it home wcle coeds men students hid to lepoit foi Aimy 11 d Navy physic il exams on i pen lit/ day md consequenlly
weie excused liom classes These exemptions left only 190 ibsentees lequned to pay the fine al out the same numbei as at Chiist mis time two yeais ago Seven students weie excluded fiom the cliss they had missed un til they paid the fine
Wesley Poundation Cornel State and Sheetz Streets Rev E R Balsley Minister 9 30—The two classes foi chuich school will meet 10 40—Moinuig woiship seivicc held at the Past Methodist Chuich
Rogei Williams Foundation AVest Lafayette Baptist Ghdrch 5 30—A 20 cent meal will be seived G 30—Gixiup discussion on “Right Ol Wiong’’ Enteitamment and singing
Reed To Keynote Canners' Conference
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
Inch m i c mnei s and fieldmen w ill coi ecnli itc upon then waitime piobUms of pioducing tomatoes when they meet foi then eighteenth mnu il convention on Febii uy 8 md 9 in the Lnion Building Following i welcoming iddiess it the opening session stiessing the wai time nituie of the confeicnce bj II J Reed de m of agiicultiuc Maibhall Volgei st ite chiiiman of the A\A will discuss government iiilings ifteeting tomato gioweis Abu quet w ill be held at the La fiyette Countiy Club on lebiuaiy 8 with Di Louis Sens of the his toiy deputment speaking on The Diwn oi i New Li i and i music specialty ui dei the diiection of Al Stew ait
■ and —
PHILIP DORN ANNA STEN
"CHETNICKS" — ALSO — 'THIS IS AMERICA AGE OF FLIGHT
LAST TIMES TODAY - DEATH VALLEY RANGERS LADIES DAY SERIAL AND NEWS
NOW PLAYING
The "Two-Thirds" Rule
Thoie weic some veiy sigi ifieant bad stage eon veisitions behind the move ot Geoigias oleaginous cx Goveinoi Ld Riveis it list weel s Demoeiatic N it on il Committee meetin^ to icvive the two thuds lule foi the Democi itie convention AA hen Rneis pioposed tint the i ext convention go 1 cl to tl tl uhtionil 1 ule by which the Southern win^ oi the puij bloel ed the nomination ol Al Smith n 1 )21 u d w 1 ich Roosevelt finally managed to thiow ovtiloud in 19‘’2 the othei Demoeiats did not know tint Llie polished Geoi„i m h ul lusl been in i huddle i th Jim 1 nicy In fact Rivers had bieakfasted with 1 alley md Chip Robeit also of Gtoigia foimei seeiefaij of the National Cominitfee logelher ovei then bre ik last toffee tliev hatehed the ide i of reviving the two Hurds lulo—not so much aimed at the President but pi imai ill to get i id of AVall ite at the next convention Next loIAIis Roosevelt tin Vice President has been pilloried in the South piobably in(|)ie than any other pel son With the exeeption of a few such as Cov'^rnor Bob Ixtii ol Oklahoma almost ill Southern leaders ire dead against him In the end howcvei the Riveis diive completely hz/lcd Note—Goveinoi Ken desei ibes Wallace s speech at the J lel son D ij diiinei is One of the gie itest and 110 t heaittolt politic il speeches ot all time (Copjiight 1911 by United 1 eatiiie Syndicate Inc)
TODAY and TOMORROW
k Team... WHAT A eom&ff
1 Cl lesent liives of the t leulties md student bodies oJ colleges in the vicinity ot Clevel md Ohio leccntly dec ded that in oidei to quality loi i student Minute M m flag nine y pei cent ol the students in i school hould be buj mg i doll u s vvoith ot Wai Savings St mips e i h month
( c Is ol lioscnioni Cillege Pennsylvania have de eided not Lo 1 old thou gali college week end m m null iff Ul u u illy Je itunng toimal dances paities md g lines Inste id they will put the money into W u Bonds mdStmqis The week end is expected to ,,ioss i thou u d (kll is n bond and st imp s lies
— LAST TIMES TODAY - TMiiMI WCMMiii mllBOW'llEB'' BARRY
PLUS-
A. jolly voung student n imed I imps J lit ill i Ills money in Stamps He tl ought it was tunnv I 11 m out Ills money Aid g \ t Hi hit) the ei mips
NEW BALLROOM CLASSES Open for Adults BEGINNER'S Wed, Feb 9th, 7.30 P M ADVANCED Thurs , Feb 10th, 7 30 P M
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS Wed Feb 16th 6 15 P ADVANCED Thurs Feb 17th 6 15 P
Gth and Ferry Sts.
rebel., ^ PROSPECTOR... ^ SAILOH. BUT MOST OF All.
A MAN
SAMUEL BflONSTON
PRESENTS MICHAEL SUSAN
O’SHEA-HAWD
Starting TOMORROW
UIMViEItt
— LAST TIMES TODAY-
/P/ae WEST
/ . \
Hctvr MZ/wn MOORE GAXTON
W/IH
OSA MASSEN HARRY DAVENPORT FRANK CRAVEN VIRGINIA MAYO RALPH MORGAN LOUISE BEAVERS
S ..npo, t, EBNESr tASCAL 0 . ,dh/ ALFREQ SANTEll
A SAMUEL BRONSTON PRODUCTION
Ail.oi.d lA u UNITED ARTISTS
V fSaturday^ January 29, 1944
SbtMri^ker Spbr^
PageM
fyi I iLl i T C r\ ra I Tl T • I i Kiveter Netmen l o race L/eraut I here tonight
y V "ft. Matmen Risk Perfect Record In Michigan Tilt
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
^ifter a two week layoff the Riveli^r wrestling squad will resume action with a meet this afternoon at; Michigan In facing their stiongest competition of the cam;^aign the fhipt improving Boilermaker matm^n are risking their undefeated lecord. In three meets this season t}ie Reeckmen have run up one sid^d Scores on Northwestern, Illinois and Wheaton Coach Reeck believes that thd conference championship is a toss up between the Boilei makers and Michfgan The Riveters are very strong in the middle weights, while Michigan has plenty of power in the heaviei divisions
Reeck lefused to comment on the piobable outcome of this afternoon’s engagement since the Riveter squad may not be at full strength because of injuries and delinquenices Probable starting lineup for the Boilermakeis 121 lb class—Dave Liang 128 lb class—Sam Johnson 136 lb class—Dan Nettesheim 145 lb class—Art Aerne 155 lb class—NewlS Copple 165 lb class—Jack Shepaid 175 lb class—Joe Hersch Heavyweight class — Robeit Humphreville oi Jim McMillan
Editor’?! Note. When the echoes had subsided it was found that Associate Sports Rditor Jim J^ckerman was the author of today’s column
Fast Came Tonight Against DePaul
According to Nick Keains, one of the outstanding basketball officials in this sector, tonight's game in the Chicago Stadium between DePaul
Phillips Schedules Blue Demons Attempt Infbrinul Track Meet To Halt Ldsing Streak
For This Afternoon
Riding astride a six game winning streak, the Riveter basketball squad will travel to Chicago today to meet a talented
In piepaiation foi the season DePaul University quintet at the Chicago Stadium The game
and the Riveteis will be “the fastest basketball game ever played m opener against Chicago and North- jge the final tilt of tonight’s doubleheader at the Stadium. Chicago perhaps the fastest evei played any where has western wh.eh ,a scheduled to bp evening’s proceedings Northwestern
teams play this year, and bases- his opinion on the fact that both squads held in the Fieldhouse one week ii + i +1, . . .. . have played faster than usual basketball all year When the quintets fiom today. Coach Heimon Phil- take on the rampaging
meet, there should be fast breaks fiom the beginning to the end of the lips has scheduled an informal track lowa Seahawks
game, was the jist of the rest of Keains statements meet foi this afternoon The meet The DePaul Blue Demons, One of the ways that the Riveters can beat the towering stiength of keld at the Fieldhouse and rated one of the best hardwood the Demons is to use their adept ball handling and their fast break to an '"’ill get undei way at 3 30 p m teams in the country Will take advantage of getting the ball undei the long arms of George Mikan, 6 foot, The meet will give the public and . r d f \ + i, 8 inch centei and Dick Triptow, 6 foot, 5 inch, guard, and into the bucket Coach Phillips a chance to see what avoii e o an
The DePaul game, being a non-conference tilt, comes at an opportune the 65 boys who compiise the largmoment Next week when Piggy’s five meets the Buckeye^, they will again est Rivetei indooi tiack squad evei be faced with a giant quintet aie capable of doing The legulai Inexperienced Team, But Look At Record oidei Ctf indooi track and field
A4eet
The Team
By Johnny Gratza
Charlie Haag, 6 foot 160 pound
guard of the Boilermaker quintet, IS the subject of today’s Meet the
A sophomore m the ME
IVD, it’s not a NEW DRESS 1 Just got it Dry-Eleaned at
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
fiuy War Bonds And Stamps
Aye Aye, Sir! WeVe got GOBS of savory food to serve you* We could tell you about it, but youM better come on deck and SEA, MAN*
JhSL fiwvdusL TlflmuftiaL lAjhmh. 'tile turner of the Campus— fei the tenter of Activities
' ^ i-i.
This leaves the Hawkeyes coming into the home stretch with a clean slate The real strength of Iowa will show when they play two contests at Ohio State, and one with the Riveters and two With Noithwestern on the
Hawkeye’s home flooi
Northwestern Will Be Hurtm’
■With the announcement that many of the Maiines w6uM be called on or around Maich 1, Coach Dutch Lomberg of Northwestern began to state his woriies They aie namely, the loss of Centei Geoige Felt, for waids Johnny Ward und Ronnie Schumacher and guaid, Jeiiy Carle
Riveter Tankers Have Tough Foe
Coach Dick Papenguth will have quite a job on his hands this afternoon when the swimming team meets the Wolveimes at Ann Aiboi Foi years Coach Mann, the Michigan mentoi has turned out championship teams,
A pioduct of Bosse High School of Evansville, Charlie won 11 letters theie, four of them in basketball,
the Riveteis then fifth non confei-
ence loss of the campaign DePaul Has Only Two Losses
The Windy City quintet’s only
A few weeks ago, the experts considered the Iowa team just a bunch ®''’®its will be adhered to, staiting defections to date have been in the Team
of inexperienced ball playeis who would be lucky to finish in the first the one mile run and followed foim of two losses Up until two school, Haag has already earned for division of the Big Ten race Now “Pop” Harrison’s five, which at the yard dash, 440 yaid lun, weeks ago DePaul had substanti- himself a place among distinguished
beginning of the season had only three boys ovei eighteen, has won foui kigh huidles, two mile relay, 88 yard ated itself as the nation’s best hard- Boilermaker athletes stiaight conference tilts and have an undefeated season so fai including huidles, mile relay, pole wood quintet by gaining a 13 game their non confeience ones Then next three games aie ones which they '"^ult, high jump, shot put and broad winning stieak ovei first class comshould leadily win, as they have two with Indiana and one with Chicago Anyone who feels capable petition Since then howevei, con
of oompotmg w,th the membe.s of eecut.ve defeats b, Valparaiso and ^Is'bigHeoTerTriast too“rri rZb Pb tf ™ r, /rfv “■“9™“' "ampeied the Blue the all city team tw.c^
Coach Phillips stated that Eii(?s- Demon’s piestige Valpaiaiso won son, Mannfeld, Hickman and Petei,- national fame when they upset the son aie the boys who should be Demons 65 to 57 two weeks ago watched in the longer distances. Tonight Coach Waid Lambert’s namely, the one and two mile luns squad will be out to lun DePaul’s This quaitet of runneis has shown losing stieak to thiee stiaight and signs of good promise in the daily at the same time will be seeking its woikouts Among those expected fiist non confeience win since eaily to do well in the half mile run aie Decembei If the Riveteis expect Belle, Haynes, Kennedy and Nootei to extend then six game winning In the 440 yard event Coach Phil stieak they will have to hold down
and though this yeai’s squad has lost two meets, they will still rank top impiesse y e woi big Geoige Mikan DePaul s 6 foot heavy favorites over the Boileimakers The Wolverines have already ° ^ 9 inch centei Mikan abiilliantde defeated the swimmers of Northwestern, while the Riveteis lost to the ® oocs or em to e fensive player as well as the team’s Wildcats last week, 56 to 28 among the winners in that event top scorei, will have a five inch
G-5 Wins Army Basketball Title
Last Wednesday evening the finals m the Aimy basketball tournament dash,“ whiirSuciu and “ta h™
Linblad, Pleatman and Haivey advantage over the tallest man have shown the best woik in the 60 Coach Lambeit can send against
The Riveters will be forced
were played off in the Fieldhouse G 4 of the R O T C A S T unit defeated Uof+o, racv. r. i , wm ue lorcea n 4 m an 9,1 20. to w,n the title Tn tlie leao-ne nlavr tlie 1? O T p. ^^ve fared better than average m to play a tight consistent flooi game
C 4 in an overtime, 21 20, to win the title In the league play the R 0 T C team finished way out in fiont by winning thiiteen games and not losing a one Membeis of the winning team weie Duffin, Halleck Koch, Mulford, Allen, Schwaitz, Michael, Stackhouse and Gutzwiler The losing team tend^the^meet fiom C 4 consisted of Bass, Kiamer, Barkhaus, Chiistmson, Neneth,
Rapp, Elliot, and Olivei
the shot put
No admission will be charged and the general public is invited to at
NEWLY OPENED!
"Snack
Bar"
Milkshakes
Bakeburgers
Malts
Light Lunches
Open 6 A. M.-8 P. M.
— 7 days week
“Aeross from
Deac’s”
Alpha Zeta
agiicultuial honoiaiy, announces the initiation of the follow ing men George Slater, Lowell Knute, James Griffith, David Dunwoody, Joseph Judge, Marion Stackhouse, Geoige Perry, James Hai per, Robert White, James Shoemakei. Gene Hausei
Buy War Bonds
to ovei come this height deficiency Lodge Doubtful as Starter If Bill Lodge’s mjuied leg is bet tei he will most likely draw the as signment of guaidmg Miken Lodge, the Riveter s’1 egulai centei injured his leg in last Friday’s game with Michigan In the event that Lodge IS unable to start Jack Kennedy and Stephen Frasier will share the cen ter position Kennedy showed much improvement in the Michigan senes Rounding out the Boilermakei team will be Paul “Duffy” Friend and high scoring Charlie Haag at the guard positions, while Paul Hoffman and Dennis Horn or Jack Kennedy will share the forward
berths
For Your Selection— at DEAC’S A new supply of ARMY, NAVY and MARINE Jewelry of all kinds. Just the thing to give for a Valentine gift.
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE
•Established 1908-
325 State Street
West Lafayette, Indiana
These Are the EDS and COEDS You Reach When You ADVERTISE IN THE EXPONENT
CHARLES HAAG Purdue Guard j and made the all city football team once The Bosse five went to the state tournament two of his four year winning right up to the semifinals his junior year “Gundai ” as he is known to his teammates, or “Stieak,” as he is called by his brothers at the ATO house captained the star freshman, quintet last season He says his biggest thrill while with the Riveters came in his first college game last year when the frosh team defeated Eddleman and his highly lauded Illinois freshman five Charlie also won his letter in football this past season At end, he played in almost eveiy game His name is listed in the “Who’s Who Among Students in National Col-
leges ”
One of the most dependable on the team, Haag has alyays coJ thiough in the pinches as he did wit his last minute basket against Michigan to win the game He says —that this was the toughest team the Riveteis have run up against so far this season At present he is runner up for top scoring position for the Riveters He has had occupational deferment until two weeks ago and has been told by his draft board that he will at least get to finish the semester Charlie is a member of Skull and Crescent is 19 years old, and likes cocoanut pie Double Navy Goal In War Bond Drive The N i\ V has established itself as an undisputed leader in the “bond parade’ b\ pin chasing more than ;|i300 000 000 in Wii Bonds during 194o Ihis goal vas attained by the excellent coopei ition oi civilian and military peisound in the pay roll deduction ind illotment plan as well as c ish pui!h ises made each month dm urn the \t u uid particularly dm am the 1 omth ot Julv and Pearl H iboi \\ u Bond drives Uie quot i toi the Navy tor 1944 is 8600 000 000 1 hat seems like a lii-,c imount but the Navj always comes through rnd it will m 1944 ‘VUhough the N iv> does not have a spcciil cu^ipiign in connection with the I omth Wai Bond Drive, it IS known that there aie many who wish to buy cash bonds at this time m oidei to help make this duve a
success<4'" ■
Fot S^ervice Men, By Service Men
Saturday, Januifjiry 29, 1944
Holds Commencement ReyedJs Grad
WBAA Homakers
For 157 Men In Music Hall
Missing After Raid
Announce Programs
Christian Science Ortranization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organizar tibn to be held in the Conference Boom of the Mair of Music Tuesday, Feb. 1,. at 7 :80
p. m.
-SCHWANDf!
Senate To Start
New War Effort
To the gratification of all the graduates, last night’s Army Specialized Training commencement exercises, which were held at the Music Hall, were simple but impressive. Before an audience of all the trainees and officers of the 1545th Service Unit, many members of the Uniyersity faculty, and a sprinkling of interested —— ———
“th?r Meet At Hood Survey Monday
President Elliott. _ ti V* The program was opened by fQf inrG6''U9y vOUfSC
the Purdue Symphonic Band,
Lt. Merrill R. Parker, ’41 graduate of the University, was reported missing in a raid over the Asiatic area on December 1st. Lt. Parker, who received hiS wings at Victorville, California, was cited for action in India last June while piloting a Liberator bomber. — -ill
Lt. Parker was entitled to a leave in September, but upon hearing the news that his
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the
brother, Lt. Lloyd E. Parker, i
under the direction of Professor Enirick, with the playing of “Stars and
Stripes Forever.”
Following the invocation by Dr. John W. Findley, Colonel D. M. Beere delivered a short series of remarks to the graduates in which he congratulated the soldiers, and wished them the best of success in the army and in civilian life. The Colonel further thanked the University staff for their cooperation with the men of the ASTP.
Knight Speaks
On Show Production
In a unique short course at Camp Hood last week over 1000 GI’s selected from all posts, stations and camps of the Eighth Service Command gathered tb study show business, the Randolph Field Rookie re-
ports.
The course, a three day affair designed to teach soldiers hoW to whip together their own shows at'dull sta-
Fnrhaps the outstanding event of tions and later in remote battle the evening was the talk by Dr. F.B. areas, was staged by the athletic Knight, head of the Depai’tment of recreation branch of the War Education and Psychology. Dr. Department’s Special Service DiviKnight was concise and had a real of a series to be held in message to deliver. Upon the three all service command areas,
key words of “War, Hope and
Knowledge” Prof. Knight built his “words of wisdom”. According to Dr. Knight, a victorious war will give us the chance for a better world; in addition to hope we need “real, genuine and efficient” action;
Burns Directs
Held under the direction of Col. W. H. Burns, chief of the Special Service Division of the Eighth Service Command, and two officers from Special Service Headquarters, the
and the power of knowledge may. course utilized the services of a lead to our knowing the right things large number of people in the show to do which is wisdom. business, among them Hedy Lamarr Dr. Knight emphasized that we and Jeff. Donnell, actresses; Perc must face the reality of things and Westmore, make-up expert; Cpl. aceommodate ourselves to the facts. Harold Rome, formerly a top writer “Keys of Leadership” musical comedy books and lyrics; In conclusion Dr. Knight gave a Barry Trivers, seVipt writer; Norfew “keys of leadership” which em- man Corwin, radio writer; Danny phasized that a “smile, a wink and Dare, dance director, and Stew Wil-
a handclasp” are worth more than son, quiz master.
Student Senate will distribute its war effort information survey to all University men on Monday. The survey, which has been enlarged to cover many aspects of student opinion, is intended to provide the Senate and the University with constructive suggestions from the stu-
dent body. '
The questionnaire will.be divided into four sections, according to Bob Adler, chairman in charge of the survey. The fii-st part will concern general information on activities, questions posed by the War Council, and a specific inquiry on the Senate’s new date bureau. Part two contains a series of questions concerning the proposed soldier vote. The third part pertains to student opinion on convocations. Part four is intended to provide specific information for particular cam-
piis activities.
Surveys will be distributed to the army and navy men through their respective companies; organized civilian eds will be given them by their house presidents. ■ Civilian students living in other than organized houses may procure their surveys at the west desk of the Union Monday. The surveys will be collected from the houses two days after distribution.
was missing in action, . requested two months extra service,
Esso Laboratories, Standard Oil Co. of Louisiana, Baton Rouge 1, La. —Date of visit to be announced. Interested in B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. men and women chemists. B.S. or M.S. in Ch.E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Monday, Jan. 31. National Bearing Metals Corp., St. Louis, Mo.—Date of visit to be announced. Interested in ME. Also ASTP and NCTP. Sign in the Personnel Office by Saturday, Febru-
ary 11.
'These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for
employment: •
Research Fellowships and Graduate Assistantships in Montana School of Mines, Butte, Mont.—Of-
thus delaying his well deserved fering research fellowships and
graduate assistantships in geology, metallurgy, mining and mineral
Radio station WBAA announces its February programs for the Farm Forum and the Homakers Club of the Air, These timely programs will be heard Monday through Friday from 12 to 12:30 and 1 to 1:16. Topics to be discussed are Agricul-’ tural Extension Activities in Tippecanoe County, 4H Leadership School and Food Distribution Administration. Further information on any of the topics listed may be obtained from Jim Miles, editor. Homakers Club will answer many problems of interest to the housewife such as using dried vegetal^es, more ways of serving eggs, sugar saving desserts and the soybean and its products. Virginia Berry Clark is dii’ector.
l'ai)l Beta Pi: Pledsrfe meetlns 7 p". m. Tuesday. Feb. 1, in Old Chestnut Boom (281) of the Union. -^EVANS. .
Senior M.E.’s and Aero E.’s! For . those seniors Braduating before June, 1944, money wiil be collected during the week of Jan. 81 for the '44 class pictures tovbe hung in the M. E. and Aero Buildings. The price will bo $1.00 for M.Ei’s, $1.20 for Aero’S; and may be paid to the Pi Tau Sigma representative In the M.E. lab or to Miss LaCave in the M.E. office. —EVANS.
Undergraduate Dames Club: There will be a "Mixed Party” for the members and thhir husbands on Saturday, Feb. 29, 8 p. m., at the home , of Mr. and Mrs. Bichard Goodcmote. —MYERS.
Exponent Juniors: All applicants for sen-, ior jobs will be interviewed Monday; Jan. 81, starting at 7 p. m. Look at Bulletin Board for proper times of individual interviews. —MURPHY.
Notices
Classified
Fraternity Presidents: Please inform the F. A. O. office of your mailing address. —SHIFTE
Money to JUoan—-On diamonds, watches, puns, lupgago, typewriters. Alberts. Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Delta Rho Kappa: Actives and pledges must attend an important meeting Thursday, Jan. 27, at 4:16 in rapni 261 of the Union. Please bring money for keys. Debris picture will be taken at 7 :10 p. m. Tuesday, Jan. 26, in the South Ballroom. All pledges and menibers be there. —LEVIN
Typewriters-r-Adding machines, all makes, sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779
Waiter Openings: Three meals a day plus f?5.00 per month for waiter service. Inquire at Delta Gamma sorority. Heilman.
Lt. 7V\err111 R. Parker
leave until December. Brother Also Graduate
Chi Eta Epsilon:. .Important business meeting will be held Wednesday, Feb. 2 at 4 p. m. in room 113 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building. All be there. —HITE.
Wanted—Three issues of Sexponent which appeared at SDX Winter Carnival. Urgent. Get in touch with L^e, Exponent Advertising Dept..
Dressing. For further information
Lt. Lloyd Parker is a graduate ggg iiQ^iee in Personnel Office.
of the ,’37 class of the Uniyersity. He enlisted in the Navy Aii’ Corps in June, 1937, and received bis wings at Pensacola, Fla. Parker was re-
Catalyst : Important busines.s meeting anil election of officers Wednesday, Feb. 2, at 7 p. m. in Room 111, Chemical Engineering Building. Party afterwards. Bring a car. —GAUNT.
White Rodgers Electric Co., St. Louis, Mo.—Interested in ElE. and M,E. Sign in Personnel Office by
WAA: Council meeting. Monday, Jan. 31, at 4 p. m., in WAA office. —BRACKMAN,
ported missing in action with the Monday, January 31.
Navy Air Coi-ps in the southwest Pacific area on September 7.
Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken, N. J.—Interested in EE with elec-
Gimlet Club: Final plans'for the banquet will he made at a ■ meeting Wednesday at 7 p m. in the Sigma Nu Shanty. Important that you be there. . ' —LIPES.
Both boys graduated from high tronics. Sign in Personnel Office by school with honors and decided upon Friday, February 4.
Rotary Schools
For 4H Leaders
the same university. Lloyd applied for active duty when he learned that Merrill was interested in combat
duty.
Alpha Phi Omega: Pledge meeting Monday. Jan. 31, at 7 :30 p. m. in Room 212 of the Union. Be there. —BENDER.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
Cancellations
all the haranguing in the world. , Following this address soldier members of the University Glee Club, under direction of A1 StewaiT, offered a series of two numbers. The program was concluded with the benediction by Reverend Edward J. Holland and singing the national
anthem.
Military Ball For the GI Military Ball which followed the exercises, T/5 Hal Cooperman and his AST orchestra furnished the music. The Ball was held in the Union from 9 till 11:30. The whole graduation program was under the supervision of Capt. James Howa,rd and his assistants, Capt. Charles McFadden and Lt. James A. Andrade. Under their direction a special souvenir program Was prepared for presentation to all the members of the graduating class. This program included pictures of the campus, “A Final Word from the Coinmandant,” the names of the graduates, “A Farewell from President Elliott,” and a “Last
The purpose of the instruction by these theatrical experts is described as being toiteach the GI’s how to get along without people like them, how to plan and pi'esent shows with a minimum of equipment and with local talent only.
Stuck Car Horn Causes Five Hinutes' Confusion
Cause of yesterday’s five minutes of annoyance (exclusive of attending class) was a man and woman surrounded by one gray Plymouth containing one stuck car hOrn. Occurring within the vicinity of' the Union and Library, the.braying horn drew a crowd of three sailors, four soldfers, two civiHanS, one co--ed and a traffic jam of two othercars, who all gathered eagerly around. The kill came when the driver emerged triumphantly, , sweating heavily, from his born case, and the
In cooperation with the 4H club office at the University, local Rotary clubs are financing the traiping of adult leaders- for the 4H clubs throughout the state. In the noi'thern district there will be a school at Valparaiso January 31, at Columbia City February 2 and at Logansport February 7. In the central district New Castle will have a school on February 9 and Shelbyville February 10. Princeton, Madison, Bedford and Sullivan will hold schools on February 14, l6, 17 and 23 respectively. In each case there will be an experienced leader as teacher and the Rotary club from that town will pay the expenses as a part of their interest in public projects.. The in■creased membership has brought about the need for more leaders.
Relinquishes Leave When Merrill was notified about his brother he expressed this desire in a letter, “to get in a couple more cracks for Lloyd,” which was his unselfish reason for postponing his leave. The University is indeed proud of these two brothers and of the sacrifices being made by our boys everywhere.
According to Rule 10b (Rules and Regulations Governing Students), “No course shall be cancelled within the last four weeks of any term.” Since Monday, January 31, is the beginning of the last four weeks of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel assignments after Saturday noon, January 29, even though passing. DEAN OF MEN.
• Southivorth’s
Dressing Down from Lt. Col. Ed- blare ceased. The disappointed
ward H. Hicks.” public went home.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
BUY WAS BBYBS
The Best Investment in the World!
dhdwdtwfL
f
1 Week beginning Sunday, January 30th Jewelry — Up to 50% off
beads — pins earrings-
bracelets (limited supply)
“HOUSE OF ALDEN” " COSMETICS 40% off
Closing out!
Reduced Prices on Billfolds (few left)
CRYSTAL — Orchard Crystal — 50% oft’ Other Crystal -— Up to 50% off ^
COVENTRY WARE FIGURINES — 50% OFF
Pictures of all kinds — 40% off’
Games — Up to 50% off’
SAop,
( Downstairs )
READ A GOOD BOOK A MONTH Join the Book-of-the-Month Club
University Book Store
Across from the Union Bldg.
Southworth’s •
True—Dark Colors
Do NOT “Show ” Dirt
—but that doesn’t prevent winter’s germladen grime from aecumulating on — and getting ground into —your dark-colored garments.
Only frequent cleaning will keep clothes fit to wear and MORE-FREQUENT cleaning is vitally necessary in winter time.
Don’t wait, men, until your suit or overcoat leaves, a dingy smudge on your shirt collar. Send your DARK qlothes in for cleaning as often as you’d send flight colored suit or a camels-hair coat. ^ Kindly retiitn a coat hanger with each garment you send.
fc * *r * " -
, k.. . I i;
V ■