I
k. ‘
1
Eighteenth Fresh Orientation Student Book Exchdnoe M ^®ssage fro/n Tfte Presicfenf New Press Permits • \ T'l’ TD o rt'i*A<k4- rkA*<c;<^v«o 1 e*rt 4 5oP»i jr»_ B* B ' < V B® ' ■ ^
Elliott
It is a great personal satisfaction, thro\igh this first issue of the
Selling To Begin Wednesday l^rning As Exchange Enters Eii Dooi'S of the South Union Ballroom will open at 10 a, m, Monday^ September 8, as, for the eighth time in as many semesters, the Student Book Exchange prepares to serve University students. Books will be received for exchange at this time, but the actual selling will not begin until Wednesday morning.
Regular Exchange hours ^vill be 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. on Monday and Tuesday, the evening deadline having been changed to' 8 p. m. on, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Exchange officials stated that business would very likely continue into the first few days of the following week. . . Non-Profit Organization Inaugurated in January, 1937, the Student Book Exchange was organized to promote the exchange of student books Under a non-profit system, and last fall this' program saved the student body approximately $1125. Volunteer student labor makes this book exchange possible, for the entire personnel, with the exception of one paid cashier to handle actual money transactions, is made up of responsible student workers—workers willing to put in many hours of spare time clerking and checking accounts. Exchange Process Students bringing books to the exchange will leave them at the receiving desk and will be given, in return, a three-sectioned receipt slip -7-one section going to the seller, one to the exchange bookkeeper, while the third is pasted in,the book. Students will be allowed to set their own prices up to seventy per cent of the list value of the book. However, receiving clei ks- will give advice when the worth of the book is in doubt. The Exchange will handle only first semester books and no new or out-of-date issues can be accepted for sale. Within an hour after a book has been sold, its number, cori'espond(Continued on page 7)
Office To Present
Exponent for 1941^1^ to broadcast a sincere welcome to tho.se who are to be Purdue students during the coiniug year. "Espe-
cially is this welcome intended for those who come to this campus for the first time. May we unite in the common hope that there is to be a full measure of success for all the ambitious workers. A critical and trying year is ahead for all of us. The nation is expecting-—yes, is demanding, more and more from all of you. The nation is depending more and more upon those here granted the opportunity for education. Right leaiming and reliable leader-ship arc at a premium. Loafing, leaping and lying down on the job are already quoted "at heavy discounts. The highest of the anticipations of Purdue will be realized if each of you will have new pride for physical fitness, for patriotic endeavor and for persistent performance. Edward C. Elliott.
Actives, Rushees Meet In Fowler Hail At 7 Fowler Hall will be the scene of a convocation at 7 o’clock this evening sponsored by the Fraternity Affairs Office. This aneeting is intended for and will be of special interest to all freshmen interested in fraternities whether they have been rushed yet
or not.
Chief speaker on the, program will be Presidjyrt E. C. Elliott. Group singing will be led by Uiaiversity choral director Al Stewart, laiforiaiation about fraternities and fratoraiity life will be the subject of the speaker’s at the meeting. A period at the end of the meeting will be devoted to answering questions about fraternity life. Rex Mayfield, president of the inte.rf^tei;nity Presidents Council, will act as master of coi’cmonies at the meeting. A bootli will be set up in the lobby at which interested students may register for rush. Fraternity Affairs Office, established last May, is the executive ai’in of the Interfraternity Presidents Council and handles ‘ general fraternity affairs for the 35 local chapters of national oi'ganizations at the'Tlnivcrsity.—r.w.b.
T. Watson, Noted Industnalist, Speaks At V Como Wednesday Thomas J. Watson, of New York City, internationally known business executive and Corporation officer and president of International Business Machine Corporation, will be the pi'incipal speaker at the“‘V” convocation to be held next Wednesday night at 7:30 o’clock in the Hall of Music. This “V” convocation, representing vim, vision and victory, opens the
University’s sixty-eighth academic year.
Besides Watson’s address entitled ^
Dean Fisher's Office Warns All Students About Penalty Days
University Books Popular Stars For 1941- 42 Como Program
An unusually fine proc;ram of University convocations has been booked this year, consisting of symphony orchestras, an opera company, actors, singers, lecturers and' musicians, according to annOLincehment by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge. The complete list of ])rograms and dates, already definitely booked, fohows: Oct. 3—Gladys Swarthout, soprano. . Oct. 12—Father Hubbard, “The Glacier Priest,” lecture. Nov. 9—Sergei Rachmaninoff, pianist. Nov. 30—St. Louis Symphony Orchestra. , ' Dec. 13—Erika Mann, lecture. Jan. 9—Alfred Lunt-Lynn Fontanne, “There Shall Bo No Night”. (Date subject to change.) Jan. 27—Vincent Sbeoan, lecture. Feb. 14—Paul Robeson, baritone. Feb. 28—Purdue Musical Organizations. Mur. 16—Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. Apr. 16—San Carlo Grand Opera Copipan^, “The Barber of Seville”. Professor Gunn announced that season tickets for the public will not go on sale until September 15 at the University cashier’s office in the Executive Building, -and no orulors can be accepted until that time. The price for these tickets will be ^5.00. Students will be admitted to the entire series upon presentation of their identification cards, 'Gladys Swarthout, first on the program, has gained fame in grand opera, the concert field, 'radio, and in the movies where her mezzo soprano voice is aided by her personal beauty and charm. During the
past four years, she has been stari’ed ift a number of films, includin,g “Rose of the RanchoTil “Give Us . This I Night,” “Champagne Waltz,” and “Romance in the Dark.” “Oomiak Adventure” Father Hubl)ard, famous priestexjjlorer, will present his latest motion pictures on “Oomiak Adventure in Arctic Alaska.” His talk and the film describe a journey in a small, frail-looking boat over 2,000 miles of the i|iost dangerous waters on earth, visiting Eskimo tribes of North America. Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the greatest musicians of the age, will carry on the musical part of the program with a piano concert. His genius has colored three fields of music, bringing him fame as a pianist, composer, and conductor. Next on the program will bo the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Golschmarin. Miss Mann To Speak Erika Mann, daughter of novelist 'riiomas Mann, and voluntary exile from Germany, will appear in the fifth convo. In her lectures and writing she has unceasingly attacked Fascism. She is the author of “School'for Barbarians” and “The Lights Go Down,” and. With her brother Klaus, co-author of “Escape to Life” and “The Other Germany.” “There Shall |le No Night,” starring the renowned team of Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne, is tentatively scheduled for January 9 as the first dramatic presentation in the convocation Schedule. 'Vincent Sheean, war correspondent and author of “Personal History”, will follow on the jrrogram. Renditions From Robeson (0011111111# on page C)
“Opportunity”, the program will include short talks by administrative and student loaders, numbers by the Symphonic Band and the Concert Choir and the presentation of the Munro trophy for Fraternity scholarship. Among the speakers of the evening will be President Elliott, David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees; '■Mai Elward, athletic director and football coach; Rpscoe Starek, Chicago, president oi the Student Union; Richard Dibos, Chicago, pl'osident of the Student Senate, and Agnes McCulloch, Scottsburg, president of the Associated Women Students. Watson Becomes President Watson became president of the International Business Machines Corporation in 1914 after 15 years with the National Cash Regi.ster Co. as special representative and general manager and is today ranked as one of the highest paid executives in the country. His couuectioris with various business and civic • ehterprises of both international and national import'ance are numerous. He is honorary president of the International Chamber of Commerce, Director at large of the U. S. Chamber of Comniefce, Director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and member of tile Board of Trustees of both Columbia University and La-
fayette College.
Seats in front will be reserved for freshinen, but everyone is urged to
attend. sif
Sand Wants Twirlers, Players; Tryouts At 4
Today
Heralding the beguiining (if a new football and concert season, Profe^ SOI' P. S. Emi'iclc, director, has smnounced that tryouts for new members in the University All-Amer-ican Band will be held in the Hall of Music at 4 p. m. on' Saturday, September 6. Those wishing to try out should report to the Band entraiice on tlie west side of the Hall of Music at this time, A special,, call is being sent out for brass, string bass, wood wind and French horn players. The new men taken in will bring the Band’s membership to "lipproximately 170 pieces. ' Co-ed Batoneers Wanted ' Prof. Enirick also asks that any coeds interested in twirling with the band report at this time. For tho.se who do not have their own instruiuents, the band will provide them for the tryouts. $2000 worth of new instruments’have been added to the Band’s supply this year. ' '
Six penalty days are scheduled on the University calendar this year, according to an announcement received from the Dean of Men’s office. To the upperclassmen penalty days are an old story, but it inust be pointed out to the freshman that these are days immediately before and after vacations which are rather costly to miss. This year, as in years past, the customary $5 fine will be assessed anyone failing to attend cla.sses on the days and hours .specified. The first penalty period, just before the Thanksgiving holiday, stai'ts at one o’clock Tuesday afternoon, November 18, and runs until 12 o’clock noon on Wednesday, November 19. After the holiday, Monday, November 24, from 7 a. m. to 5 p. m. lias been set aside as a day that you had better be here. Chri.stmas Deadlines Immediately preceding the Christmas vacation, the fine will be imposed on anyone reiiorted absent between the hours of 1 ji. m., on December 19-and 12 o’clock noon on December 20. After the holidays, January 5-6, 7 a. m. to 6 p. m., is the red-letter .,day. Just in case some students may get in a hurry to leave before the time of spring vacation, the time from 1 p. m. March 27 until noon March 28 is also penalty time. To guard against bad cases and overdoses of spring fever during this vacation, April 6, 7 a. m. to 6 p. m., is the las/ penalty day. Mark these days down in your calender and remember them because ignorance is no excuse in the face of the law. ^fball Ticket Price Raised After Sept. 13 Ticket manager, C. S. Doan, announced recently that gridiron followers of the Boilermakers have only until September 13 to purchase tickets for tlie Vanderbilt, Iowa, and Michigan State football games at a cost of $7.00, a reduction of seveiltyfive cents over the amount paid for single tickets. Sale's of all tickets since August 1 have been running close to 20 per cent ahead of last year’s sale. In buying season tickets at this time, the purchaser not only gets a reduction, but lu^ given preference in seating at tffl^ stadium during football games. It is expected that tickets will sell very rapidly from now on.—b.g.s.
Today's Paper First Edition Off New Press A strei^mlined and reorganized Exponent staff goes to work this year with an ideal in mind and a partial realization of that ideal already attained. The ideal is to have a complete print shop of its own. The partial realization is the recent purchase' of a Duplex high speed printing press which' has been installed in the Exponent office in the sub-basement of the Union. . Maiden Issue Today’s paper, which is the first edition to be run from the new press, stands as an initial result, of this year’s projected program of expansion and improvement of the 1941-42 paper. As the new printing equipment permits flexibility as to size, number and scheduling of editions, Lee Ruffner, managing editor of Exponent, announces that this advantage will be passed on to the readers of Exponent. The new paper will be seven.columns by 21 inches long, giving 150 more inches of type than last year’s paper which was six columns, 18 inches long. The size of^the paper will vary from four to eight pages daily. The press has a rated output of 4,500 eight-page papers an hour. Freshman Callout A freshman callout for Exponent workers will be made around October 1. At that time a special school will be held for the interested fresliliicn, and the instructors will attempt to explain the mysteries of journalism. All sophomores interested in newspaper work are urged to report to the Exponent office immediately. Students, faculty members and townspeople interested in being “in the know” Concerning the activities and organizations of the University inay obtain subscriptions to the Exponent at the following places: the Exponent booth at registration, the west desk irf the Memorial Union Building and Doac’s and Southworth’s book stores. The price is just $3.50 for the school year—-for the official university paper delivered six days a ■week directly to the subscriber’s door. Regular publication and delivery will begin Tuesday, September 9. Debris Will Sell 1942 Yearbook At Registration Dedicated to the idea that a campus annual should be of equal interest to all members of the studentbody, and not merely designed to serve as memoirs for the senior class, the 1942 Debris will, go on general sale at registration Monday. Debris, produced entirely by student workers under the direction of editor Bill Hayt, co-ed editor Betty Morris, busines.f manager Bob Adams and head-photographer Herman Graebner, will again present a colorful and vivid reproduction for future reference of every phase and high spot in the coming school year. Sections will be devoted, as usual, to activities, sportsi organizations, seniors, administration, qampus life and pulchritude, with the only emphasis being placed on the presentation of an accurate cross-section of life at the University. • In addition to turning out a book in keeping with the progress evidenced in the successive issues of the ^yearbpok, during the last 72 year’s Debris will again sponsor activities similar to the beauty contest of last year, which brought Earl Carroll to the campus in the oa^city of judge. ^ The price of the book has not yet been definitely fixed, but, as in previous years, the price will rise as the year progresses. The book will be printed and delivered irext spring. Purchasers of books will bo given receipts which will bo redeemed for Debris at that time.—r.l.h.,
Ray Herbeck's Band To Play For Union's First Hixer Tonighi Dasicing to Begin At 9 In South Ballroom Sweet and low will be the keynote tonight as Ray Herbeck and his orchestra give out with “Music with Romance”, for the first regular mixer of the school year. Herbeck’s
Ray Herbeck
President of the University, Edward G. Elliott, will officialise open the Introductory Convocation of the eighteenth annual Orientation prograrh this morning with his traditioonaUWpa^ of Welcome to incoming freshmen, in the Hall of Music. Hoof'S will be opened at 7 a. m. and freshmen are expected,t0,^be in their seats promptly at 7:45, ready with two sharpened pen^
Cils.
First on the program will be community singing led by X Stewart, Director of Music, when the school song.s will be introduced for the first time to new students. Head YeUrleadef Dick DeGarino will then give the freshmen their fir^'’6bpo^ tunity to display their vocal power when they try the Purdue ■Yells. ,'■•■■■ '.■■ ,
President Elliott will then give the welcoming address intersperseA;_ with his usual droll humor and some
timely words of advice.
Instruction in cpri’ect lettering"by Profe.ssor J. Rising, Head of the Mechanical Dra’wing Department, and advice in filling out forms, given by Professor R. B. Stone, Registrar^ will prepare Freshmen for the pr-^ deal of registration on Tuesday. The introduction of Deans Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women', and M. li. Fisher, Dean of Men, will be followed by the Orientation tests under the direction of H. H. Rem-
raers.
Psychological Exam The Psychological examinatibn will take place fbom 9:45 a. 11 a. m., English placement test, 11 to 12, and English composition test from H:30 to 3. From the results of these tests, Freshmen-will be relegated to one of the Freshmfui English claSsesj’^df gently advised that they had fetter return home. After the tests all students wiE go to a meeting of the school they plan to enter! There they will be introduced to the various department beads, given a rough outline of the course, and some wise counsel on. the procediu’e to follow in their chosen field. All students, and especially freshmen, are invited to attend the Union Mixer Saturday evening at 9, as a bit of relaxation before the storip of registration. Handsome Ray Herbeck and his popular band . will provide music for this affair. Nothing has been scheduled for Sunday concei’iiiug orientation, but. most of the churches in town are ^ planning special services for
men.
Physical Exams A On Monday morning at 8, p’lysical examinations for men .will be given. Men will report prompto^ the time indicated by theiicK ffpsfc man numbers to the grj^^p m of the Executive Buildings-Women will be examined in the Men^^al ■ Gymnasium starting at 10 a. m. Mathematics will be given all morn- • ing in the Hall of Music. Tke Home Economics Placement test women in the School of Home Bepk nomics and all women in the School of Science who elect Home Economics in place of History, willhegiven in the Education Building'. ' Physical examinations for both men 'and women will be contih#dL Tuesday all day. Registration will' begin at 8 a.' m. and proceed aeboirdk ing to the schedule given in the Uni-; versity Handbook.—w.g.h. . University Conduds Cosmic Ray Researdi Eleven balloons were, sent ' up from th University ai^'port August 13 when the Physics'' tfepartmenfemade its tliird cosmic ray research flight to study the distribution .p£ neutrons at high altitudes. Professor Kuyl Lark - Horovit^ heail of the Physics department, stated that the eleven balloons contained sixteen xiotiiuls of spechdA'P^^ cording devices. The balloons were - sent up at 8:00 a. m., and landed d» a form near Columbus at apprdxi'j’mately 1:30 p. m. ' This flight, tjiird in a series Stgrb* ing a year ago, was'a comparative ij’low altitude affair, while the sectito^ flight, inade last October, was nut<^. eighteen miles-iutqj.the stratig
iS.' * S' -..Tii,; ife;
moliow style has recently .been headlined at Edgewafer Beach Hotel, Cliicago; Schroeder Hotel, Milwaukee; Biltmore Hotels, Dayton and Los Angeles; Bill Green’s, Pittsburgh, and Club Greyhound, Louisville. After building up his reputation in the West ami Mid-West, Herbeck scored a singular success in the East with a i’ecm’d-bi’cakiiig engagement at Westchester’s Log’ Cabin Farm’s ill Armonk. New York critics Were generous in their praise of the band. Herbeck was a star^iiitcher for the University of Southern California in his college days. While he was getting started in the music business, he earned a living hurling semi-pros baseball. He was a student in the college of dentistry and formed his 12-piece band from classmates. The ituneful music of the Herbeck crew has gained much of . its popu lai’ity from ,coast - to - coast CBS craiice broadcasts and best-selling Okeh recordings. The decorations for the mi.xer will be similar to those Used for the summer prom. The usual dolhaf admission imiee will be charged.—k.r. John C. Baker .... Ag. ’30, formerly ol^razil, oxten.sion man in radio with the U. S. Department of Agriculliire at 2 hington the lust several year.., recently been promoted to the rmation staff in the otfiee of Secretary of Agriculture, Claude R Wiekard, at Washington. Baker was an associate editor and later sports editor of the Exironent during his senior year. He was on the Univer slty publicity staff a year or two following graduation and since then has served Successively wifh Ma#achusetts State College and nuUo station, WLS, iirior to joiniiiinthe U. S, Department of Agnte^iire three years ago.iPISS
x/ZSilSfA'
ttHeiffo#ri6sjh»ien
E3?P6I|^NT
at^iiit'tKy tim^^ it is the
ant duty of’lpiwe'member‘of-the-senior staff of the Expomitt to compose a message t( * the ’ ney^ly-arrived freshman class. Messages 1 mve beeiT pouring in on you -from all sides, . no dbulst, but we would like to make this a grc meting that is perhaps more personal than ma ny f4, df the others that you will have received ii. y
/the time that this reaches you.
It* is fluite a job to make^ a message from tnt hunched' metnbers of the Exponent staff to the two thousand-plus members of the frosh class, a personal thing, but the writer as an individ- £ ual extends- to each reader as an individual , —greetings. PTease feel, each one of you that ^ may this, that the Exponent has a per^ sonat interest in each of you and that we will try to play an increasingly important part in your life at Purdue. Some of you, befoite much more of the Wabash has flowed under the Brown street bridge, will be here with u s,
helping to play this part.
The few “hours that you new members of
the clique of Boilermaker have spent in the Music Hall s have been serious ones to you. They, and the hours that are to follow in the next few days, will be among the most important as' any comparable length of time that, you will live until that next metmorable day three years and nine months from now when you oyiitss^u^^ return to that same Music HaU as a member of the graduating-class of 1945. It is on that day that you will'complete the Iqb that you are beginning today.
For many of you, for most of you, youtr life
here will be just about that—a job. The Ibours are long, the remuneration a thing of the future, and sometimes it will seem trying. But you evidently want that type of life for the fOUT years that are coming in quick suci^es-
sion or ydii would not be here today. Start your job right. One of those old
bromides that our friends insist upon quoffcing to us says '^'Once begun, half done.” The first half is nearly completed now, and it will soon be time to start the second. Many of you will discover that the first half was the easier one. In case you have not been told this more than once or twice, two thirds of you will not be here to seeThat second, auspicious day. You will have fallen by the wayside, struck down by calculus; chemistry, too much Joe College or a worn-out pocketbook. One third of your
class will not return with you next year. Ominous words, those, but to some of you
they are prophecy. Don’t worry about it; though. Do your job well, lend a careful ear to the advice which you are bound to receive from the upperclassmen and apply it when you see fit. We are not omnipotent but we are a little more experienced in the often mysterious ways of Purdue, and many times can help you to .avoid some of the pitfalls that lurk in the road whose wayside you wish to avoid.
Listen also to your professors and instruc-
tors; They aren’t old fogies as you.nfay have been led to believe. Not all of them- Get to kflqw them as well as you Can without applepolishing. You will find the association prof-
itable.
In a mo:^th or two the activities of the campus will beicallfeig for you. If you wish to participate mi extra-curricular work, chose your activity wl-llh care. Much can be. added to your "life here bly these student groups, but much can be lost'to them. It is foolish and wasteful to spend n^qnths finding that you have selected the^wrqmg activity. It is just as disadvantageous to i the activity to have you around while youSiare discovering it. The Activities Bureau wilJ be helpful along these lines. Gonsidejf: the activities from the standpoint of the aig^unt of time reqamed, the type of work to beidone, your potential ability to help the activity and its fitness for giving help toyOu. T^y something, though; things don’t always work by the rules—we started here
Entered, as, secowt class; matter at liha post oflfice iik Lafayette, Indiana, nnaer tHe -act oeiConJrreSs bl] 'Marcf 3‘, 1879',' and at the special rate of posts Be provided for in , section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized J anuary 20, 1022. I tjblished daily except Monday durinB the regular academic year an 3, weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.60 per year, mail sub-
scriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chief ' News Editor Business Manager.....,..,...., __
- Ned A. Ochiltree .John L, Traugott ...Don S. Powers
Publicatio ji Staff Managing Editor...... . ..1...: ,:...Leiand W. Rulfner Associate Editors: J. F!. Amos, H, Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. L Jones, E, G., Kieper. . ft • ■ ■ ■ ' ^ , ' ■' •
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: K.',' K. Gjemro, «. E Saxton ; Circulation Manager: Wi T. Bell; A ccounts Manager: W. D. Millard;
Co-«d Staff t,
Editor Ruth Rose
Ma ry E; Boyritoii, yilce Chatfleld;'
rtportK Sitaff
Phil C. Johnson Oi T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler,
Associate Editors;
Editor
Associate Editors :
jPJiones: Editoriai- and. Butjiness, 4005; Sports 2792; J . , - Editorial 1 After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for' national tv Ivertising by .National Advertising Service, Inc.,^ College Pnbjisher i Bepissontativds; 420 Madison AVe.,
New ■york, N. Y,
Staff l/'or This Issue Sophomore Worfcel s;: B. G , Smith, W. G. lloskins, D. W. Ochiltree, It, W-. Boswinkle, K. G, Boquemore, A. P. Hunter, D. N, Corp, J. D. Smith, C. L, flass.
by P/ob Boswinkle ' Greetings, fresh men! Prexy (that’s short/for President Elliott) says you’re, the most important class on the campus. By tJfte time you leave the Hall of Music, he might even have you believing it. But we want to warn you that e veryone doesn’t share Prexy’s beliefs. Some individuals may even prove to be hostile. But we are of a more congenial nature, and being such, we are going to pass, along a little advice. Fust thSng we”ll spill is for you kids to keep off the grass. Youi’ve h<eard that before, no doubt. They told us that when we were a freshm,an, but we were reluctant to oblige because no one told us why we should keep off the grass. To prevent such reluctance in the class of ’45„ we are giving the reason. It seems that you boy a and girls are so green that you blend rather perfectly with the landscape. On top of that yoct still don’t know the library from Mikes Castle. If you were to wander out into the green stuff, you might be out there for days before .anyone would see you to tell you how to get back to. your house. And then there is that little matter of senior rhoustache snagging. All this tradition and honor for the class is very much all right. We gotta have it. But use a little sense—especially where senior football players are tbe moustache victims. Boilermaker gridmen co^e in rather large sizes for any number of fi-eshmen. Why just last year—but we won’t have time for the: gory details. There are certain things that are expected of you as freshmen, and then again there are things that are definitely not expected of you. Among the things you should certainly not be caught doing is going barefooted into the dean’s office, driving motorcycles over Hello Walk, climbing the smokestack, swiping the president’s battered old hat for a souvenir, or riding around on the hands of the clock in Heavilon Tower. Best you keep these things in mind.
because our roommate wanted someone to ■walk over to the Union with him to answer the Exponent call-out. Don’t try; to do everything at once. Study should occupy most of your time for awhile. I'hat and g€;tting settled in your new habitat. Get on the books, but don’t become a worm. Bookworm, that is. Make friends and influenae as many people as you consider essential to y our continued happiness. Use the University to the best advantage and as time passes and your knowledge of Purdue increases, you will come to feel as 68 classes before you have that the University has become your University. Sincerely, L. W. RUFFNER.
Thousands Annually See It Parade On Field , By Bill Hammer Tho&e thousands of football fans all ovei* the nation who each Satiitday enjoy the formations and gridiron alphabetics of the many college bands Which display them owe thanks for their enjoyment to the originality' and ingeffuity of one man, Professor P. S. Fmfi'ck, director of the All-American Band. It was the University band, under Prof; Emrick, which with the now familiar big “P” formation, started the ball rolling for such gridiron formations at a football game over thirty years ago. Gf course that ancient formation, by itself, would look rather amateurish beside the lightning-fast and complicated formation that the All-American Band pi^esents toohy, but it deserves full credit for being the first of its type ever presented. “Spots” Plans ’Em . Of course, these formations just happen without planning. Yeah, just like an Empire State building or a Golden Gate Bridge just happens;. All during the summer “Spot^’ and the Band officers are busy dreaming up ideas for new and different formations for the coming football seasons. Any persons who might have seen some of the Band officers cutting paper dolls or exhibiting any other signs of advanced mental disorder will be glad to learn that the condition is a direct outgrowth of trying to figure out a new, different formation. For the burden of originating and executing them usually goes right back whei-e it all started, to Professor Emrick, the old master. When the idea takes form, it is planned but on huge sheets of graph paper, marked in the same manner that a gridiron is, without the green gras$, of course. The distances and spacings are carefully checked, and the formation is ready for “Spots” and the officers to drill the band until its execution is perfected. Practice Polishes This, too, is not so simple as it may seem. It is surprising how difficult it is to march a fast cadence, lift one’s feet six inches at each step, keep the sequence of music in mind, play the music, and be in the right place at the right time. Or is it ? The formations are gone thorugh slowly at first, without music, until the boys have the idea of who is supposed to be where when, and then the tempo is speeded up, the corresponding number is played, and the Band is drilled until the high degree of perfection demanded by Prof; Emrick is reached. While it is polishing the forma tion, the band more than slightly resembles a group of marathon dancers, what with the cards bearifig large numbers attached to their backs. But this method of identification.enables the officers in. charge to detect immediately and note the number of any member who is committing any of the>faults which, in the All-American Band, are crimes.
Ftmds Collected From III. StudeniGo To Cover
In case !you haven’t read your catalogue J^refully and wonder where all that money goes during registtatioilllwe’ll try to explain the allocation cS\a few of the more important feefli There arj|,' a certain number of fees which hiive to be paid by everyone enterir^, the University. These are called Apd fees. Included >Sn this group are the registration i fee; necessary to pay the cost of ijldexing and filing information abonit the students, the tuition fee foj^ ^students from out of state, and ,another fee called incidental, witjf'Bo further explanation given. A gwjeral laboratory fee and the Librarjf fee are also included;, in this group. The laboratory fee covers the {jijst of materials used by the student 'in his vaidous expei-i-mepis, and'jthe Library fee covers damage to ^^joks now in the Library and provides a fund to buy new books. Medical and infirmary fee entitles Hia Dtudeiit'to A'ce medical sewice
at the Student Health Service, and expenses up to $20 at any hospital in Lafayette. The student activity fee, also paid by all regular students, covers maintenance costs on the Memorial Union and Hall of Music, and entitles the student to attend all University convocations. The last item in the Fixed fee group is the recreation fee, including admission to all home athletics contests, and allows the student to have a locker in the gymnasium, clean towel, and use of athletic equipment. “Deposits” Beside these fees, there are various deposits which must be paid for the use of material, but which will be returned when the; material: used is brought back. Breakage
fees and other fees for special privileges and for special students are explained fully in the University Bulletin.—w.g.h.
Annual Camp Helps ^quamt With University Life ' Yhste^ay niorning saw a mass exodus from Camp TTecumseh as approximately 170 freshmen ended a fbut-day "get - abquainted” pevlbd ^nd headed for the University >■ Camp Tecumseh, situated near Delphi and about 20 miles north of Lafayette on the beautiful Tippecanoe Riveti has been the site, since 1025, of these pre-orientation camps for incoming men students. This year, in its sixteenth annual camp, the University endeavored, as ever, to' help> the freshmen become acquainted and learn something of the problems, which they will face during the coming nine months. A fine fellowship program was prompted at camp through the .efforts, of . the Purdue Religious Cpiin.cil, and each person,, fortunate enough to .attend was given the chafice tp know intimately many bU the student leaders and members of the faculty. Varied Camp Program By using the facilities of the State Y. M. C. A. camp at Teeuihseh, “campers'' enjoyed an excellent and varied program of sports; in cldding k'vvimming,' boating, base ball, basketbaU, horseshoes and tennis. Daily' diseussiow periods Were held, and here the new studehts were given an insight into something of thp problems which all stu' dents encounter when away from home for the first time. It has been this guidance which hundreds of University students have found decidedly helpful during their , four years work.' It has been found that the percentage of students who remain through four years of school and graduate is much higher among students who have gone to camp than the all-University average. This Camp Tecumseh association has helped to initiate those who attended into a “fraternity” of their classmates, faculty and upperclassmen; and by doing such Tecumseh has made an important contribution to the life of the University.—a.p.h
Among these are b§ing''njit of line, inattention in ranksT^ciii, put of step, or simply a lack»73l the pep and enthusiasm which contributes largely to the success that the formation will have on the field. On Parade Then, after days of drilling and marching until each bandboy, as far as his legs can tell, is three steps ahead of a squirrel on a treadmill, the big day comes, and the formation goes on the field, before crowds of from 30,000 to lOO,0OO spectatPrs. Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
On September 12,13 Aspirants to membership in any of the four Musical Organizations on the campus will be able to get information concerning them by atteudihg a general meeting, September I'l, at 7:30 p.' m. in the Hhll of Music. At that meeting Albert P. StPwdrt , and Joseph Ragains will explain the organization of the different groups^ and give the future members information about tijy-
outs.
Tryouts for the following four groups will be held Friday and Satu>rd.ay, September 12 and 13. Thie University Choir, consisting of 250 voices, meets twice a Week for rehearsal. This group presents all the music for the religious services during the schooh year’, including sa cred music for both" the Christmas and Easter seasons: The' Glee Club, made up of 46 of the best male voices on the cam pus, appears many times during the year and travels widely throughout the State of Indiana and surrounding states, appearing many times on national broadcasting hook-ups. ; ’'TTniversity Orchestra is composed of selected instrumentalists, including both men and women students. The orchestra accompanies the University Choir’s Christmas and Easter cantatas and furnishes instrumental music for the annual Varsity Show, All University Sing and May Day Program. The fourffi organization is the Concert Cnoir, composed of 36 Voices. This group, considei'ed the honorary group of the musical or ganizations, is much like the Glee Club in that it travels throughout the surrounding states during the school year, d.w.o. RoyalA.Baske . . . . M. E. '40, has received his “wings” at the Naval Air Station, Pensacola, Fla., after nine months as a Naval aviation cadet, according to information received today from the Chicago office of the U.-S. Navy. Baske has, been ordered to active duty at Norfolk, Va., flying the Navy’s warbirds. He. received his preliminary flight training at tbe Naval Reserve Aviation Base at Glenview, Hk, and reported to Pensacola last Dec. 8. He, attended Pur due University, where he was active in Varsity golf. Subscribe To You)' Campus Daily
/Sttfurday# September 6/4941 Acacia Fraternity V' Hears Bean Potter " g
Speak At Conclave
Acacia Fraternity held its annual / cofiNaV^g at PiVrdue ,Univei‘sffy’'Tljis / " '
year between August 25th and ;29th; This was the, twenty-third conclave
to be held, by the fraternity.
The opening session took place at ^ 7;30 a. mi. on Monday, August 26,. The following day' the Officers' Training School opened. Dean; A, * A. Potier of Purdue spoke on Education and Defense. The National Fraternity and rushing and pledg- , ing were the topics under discussion . for the balaince of the day. Wednesday Was devoted to Chapter Officers Training Schodl'. - Topics under discussion were finances, administration, scholarship, social programs, and rituals and initiations. The discussion of Wednesday was carried qver to the next day. A banquet was held on Thursday evening at which R. B. Stewart of Purdue was the principal speaker. Walter W, Rolbe was re-elected National President. Cecil Bright was elected National Secretary and Herschell Washington was re-elected to the
post of national editor.
Glenn E, West .... a former meniber of the Electrical Engineering teaching staff at Purdue University, who has been chief radio engineer of the TVA at Ohqjitanooga,; Tenn., for the lasftwo yea^si has bp^p loaned ip Massachusetts Institute of TechnoIb‘i|y, at Cambridge, Mass., fob severgl months, according to informatibh received here.
— LAST DAY — CHESTER MORRIS ROtHELLE HObSOhl irt . , "Meet Boston Blackie' and ROY ROGERS ,. in "BORDER LEGION" ALSO LATEST NEWS
SUNDAY-MONDAY "GIVE OS WINGS" "DANCING ON A DIME"
MARS Starts today MFSfUMlIVSNOUeHIMPAIITS... IN WKTS Hf'S limine a«*At
,,i'i|^.i,».mA)4^,..|iV
auMiu
JbiLFUJNJ&JMT
T
iMtl^SflTY Engage Tnre^ New Men^ For Executive Positions
198 MFilf FACULTY I 5 imw rAvUL I •■
t‘ tl ^llterdSy"*1bi|' ^thW President’s office. Of particular im"^^tance wei^ihe appointm^ts of phamacy and professor of pharm&^ii^titiMr' 'dhetti'i^try; William HS^dc^vAytfefe; ^"D, ds liead of -the d^artih'dirt ’•"df Mkfhematics and ^i^dfeSsbr of'hiathfematicsj and Wil^'igd'®u|;en6 Viiper, BS, Dii'ector of ^^i%oWl for tihf€f'sfchbol^ of Enginewiii^'amf S^encd. PKUT< lii M < ^ jU^dor its ne^„nead, the dopartl^^t'o^j^athepatics. Will begin the j jvi|h fhree neiy faculty |^^^^er$r"Irving^Wingate Buj^r wil'l Assistant Brofe&soi. P.ep^e'", 'W^lt^head and John ^^i|^ii[i TJipodore 'Youngs, PhD, wm &‘new instructors. ^^^d^er jie^^'^aiipointments are: ,,,f.»DgP^jn .^loyd ,Aldrich, B. S., fi;i;ad\iate ^Assi^tant tip Pharmacy, J^tudent^ Hpalth Spryice; Lloyd .^exajader, B; S., Graduate A^^tant' in Qhemistry; Phyllis Arnt^ler, ,lil. A,, Graduate Assistant
Ayeo^W.C ^ y S, P^JRDUE
4K
iOh-^-fsonpB^Bifj^Gl Chemistry^ Bertha Baron, B. S., Gradual® Assistant "in Pharmacy; ^as Ilirlletii ]Bdtt(^,rAg^ietdra:&l'’Experiment Station; Associatpdn Publicity, Department of Agricultural Extension; Theresa Ann Bell, M. 5., Instructor in Physical Education for '^onien. Laura Isabelle Beltz> B. S., Graduate Assistant in Home Administration; Harriett Lorraine Beyer, P. 50., Graduate Assistant in Poods and Nutrition, Home Economics; Alice Clara Bond, M. A., Jnstructor in Physical Education for Women; Wave Geraldine Bowes, B. S,, Instructor in Homd Economics Education; Itinerant Teacher Trainer; Euth Elizabeth Bryant, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Home Administration; Accord Cantwell, B. S. A., Assistant County Agent, Fulton County; Rebecca Ann Cecil, A. B., Giadhate Assistant in Chemistry. Eleanor Mae Clark, B. S, H. E., G^'adUate Assistant in Home Administration ;y John Rasy Clark, M.
S. hi, Assistant Instructor in EleC' trical Enginee|;ihg; Charles Franklin Coleman, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Howard Wil liam Crall, M, S., Graduate Assistant in Biology; Janette Elizabeth (Morris) Dailey, M. S., Graduate Assistant in Physiology: Meyer Hillel Danzig, M. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry. Sarah Dubois, Assistant Home Demonstration Agent, Clinton County; J. S. Dunn, Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Marlin Alwine Es]^enshade, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Biology; Latimer Evans, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Jjfean Roderuck Felton, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Marvin Ray Frederick, B. Sc., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Lawience William Frost, A. B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Alfred Henry Gesell, B, S., Assistant County Agent, Rush County. William James Giese,. M. S., Pellow in Applied Psychology; Eva Lenora Goble7 B. S., Assistant Home Demonstration A^ent, Vigo County; Benedicta Gonclaveg, Special Assistant in Home Administration; Kenneth Arnold Gorton, Ph. D., Instructor in Geology; Margaret Elizabeth Griffing, M. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Jay Madsen Hansen, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Physics; Leonard John Haverkamp, B. S. A., Assistant
For Your Fall Foot Needs ^ a.-, See our complete line of ' BOUdLAS SHOES , Bowling jSbgfs are our specialty! Quality Campus Shoes for ^ Every Occasion \ GOODWIN’S SHOES In the Village
HH
Growing boys ... -n , <*-5 i: , z ■> f ^ ^ I ^ . . . aren’t the only ones that need milk., Students need that extra energy to help keep them going. Aa— 3'IA, ^IjjDWc 0cubuj^ Tbicdsu
QcdL
X
SUNSHlr^'E'' f/P'ms
807 N. 4th Street
k
Phone 5015
County AgenL Wa:gne County; Robert Louis Hobson, A. B., Fellow in Applied Psychology. James Edward Honan, A. B., Graduate Assistant in Farm Man agement; Bruce Walter Hotten, A. Bf., Graduate Assistant in Chemis try; A. P. Howe, Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Maxene Rae Hubbard, Circulation Assistant, Library; D. R. Isom, Graduate As sistant in Chemistry; H. H. Jaffe, Graduate Assistant in Chemistry. Kathleen Clive Jewett, B. S., Assistant Instructor in 'Home Economics Education; Geofge Johannessen, B. S., Graduate Assistant hi Chemistry; A. D. Johnson, Instructor in Mechanical Engineering; Ernest Jack Kahlei, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Leo Raymond Kangas, M. S.,’ Graduate Assistant in Agronomy, Agiicultural Experiment Station; Robert Call Kany, B. S., Assistant Instructor in' Civil Engineering. John Clayton Lamkin, A. B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; David Joseph LaMothe, B. S. E. E., Instructor in Electrical Engineering; Elizabeth Landerub, Manager of Grill, Men’s Residence Halls; Wendell August Landmann, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistty; Andrew Hodnett Lhyman, B. S. C. E., Graduate Assistant, EngineerHighway Research Project); Paul Jesse Leakey, B. A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistty; Sidney Benjamin Legg, B. S. A., Junior Agricultural Statistician, Agi icultural Experiment Station (m Co-opera-tion With D. S. Department of Agriculture). J. D. Lemley, Graduate Assistant Chemistry; Richard Walter L^utwiler, Jr., M. S., Instiuctor in Mechanical^ Engineering; Donald W. Lewis, B. S. in C. E., Graduate Assistant, Engineeiing Experiment Station (Joint Highway Research Pioject); Ethel Estelle Lewis, M. A., Instructor in Home Economics Education and Resident Teacher Trainer; Vincent Victor Lindgren, A. B., GradEstelle Lewis, M. A., Instructor in Home Economics Education and Resident Teacher Trainei; Vincent Victor Lindgren, A. B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; John O’Donnell MacPailane, B. S., Giaduate Assistant in Baeteriology; Ada Maigaiet McGuik, B. S., Fcl-
Assist«^g^ Home Demonstration Agent in Rnox County, Hepartment of Agricultural-Ex|;ension; Charles J. Marsel, B. Ch. 1^., <Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Reino Matson, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Agricultural Chemistjry, Agricultural Experiment Station; Herman Medwin, B. S., Graduate Assisthnt: in Physics; Karl Wilhelm Meissner, Dr. ler. nat.. Visiting Professor in Physics; Lester Allen Michel, A. B., Graduate Assistant in ChemiMry; And" Justesen Miller, E. A., Gn^uate Assistant in Chemistry; aV aid Marion Mitchell, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Sumner Martin Morrison, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Bacteriology. -Wayne Eugene Musser, B. S., Giaduate Assistant in Personnel; H. C. Nedderman, Giaduate Assistant in Chemistry; J. W. Needham, Giaduate Assistant in Agricultural Chemistry, Agricultural Experiment Station; C. P. Neidig, Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Roy Elwyn Nichols, Ph. D., Assistant Professor of Vetennaijy Scidnce, School of Agriculture; Comparative 'Physiologist, Associate in Veteiinary Science, Agricultuial Experiment Station; Ronald Bloomfield North, B. S, Ch. E., Assistant in Bngineei’ing Experiment Station; R. L. Nuttall, Purdue Research Foundation Fellow in Chemistry. Dorothy Miriam Olt, A. B., Graduate Assistant in Education and Psychology; Edith Osswald, M. A., Assistant Professor of Home Administration; Ruth Parker, Home Demonstration Agent, Kosciusko County; H. W. Paxton, Giaduate Assistant in Chemistry; Donald L. Phillips, B. S., Assistant Instructor Physical Education for Men; Charles Howe Reed, M. S., Assistant in Agricultural Engineering, Department of Agricultural Extension; I. Reff, Graduate Assistant in Physics. Edmond Jean Ritter, M. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemical Engineering; Ernestine Lucille Rose, B. A., Graduate Assistant in Physics; Jay Sanford Roth, M. S , Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Bernard Rothlein, B. S., Giaduate Assistant in Physics; George Moore Rothiock, A. B , Giaduate Assistant in Chemistry; John Millard Rush, M. S., Graduate Assistant m Biology;
Dean Of Men Turns Control To Personnel
low in Home Economics Education. I Walter H. Schwab, Ph. D., InstrucRuth Anita Maddock, B. S. H. E., tor in Modern Languages; Julian
A Complete Line of ARROW SHIRTS
Inc,
WEST LAFAYETTE
By B. G. Smith ^'According toiSiformition received from the office of the Dean of Men and the Personnel Division, the work of the National Youth Administration is being transferred this year from the former office to the latter. This .change will leave the office of the Dean free for more important majiters, and the Peisonnel Division can conduct the work in conjupction with the regular dutie.s of its office. The NYA program, originating in 1935, has been successful in past years, with both faculty and student body showing a high degree of interest in all branches and schools. This year, however, the funds have been reduced by seveial thousand dollars, leaving about $60,000 available for the term. Workers Good Scholars In the past the great majority of woikers have been men, with only about 100 to 150 women applying for jobs, but on the average these women worked more steadily and earned more money than did the
nt'-'
V A
■* 4-ii < ijmen. It is well to nrfe
^.workers enjoy at
scholastic standing as eoiwpan^f with the rest the j^tndents JB'fltg, Jt University. EJdd^i^ ^ %
done does notlnter/efe
room activities. ^
The procedure for
work is relatively arable'
two recommendations inuafJBd^btraiiEf r'wV
mitted by friends oFJbasine^ilietl^ The three necessary blinks fee obtained from >the Dean of' ^(Sem One must be filled out by the applicant himself, and thb Qther.4:nt<r>lant died as described above. Bpaeb^ isj'fr*
provided on the blank for
cant to indicate what kind «*f work mfiftt** he likes and what he is mo^ snaate^ „ for, and if it is approved, hdi'i»4is- ^ signed to an office, Iaboiaifeo*3if» ^ otmrH op individual for his work assignttBB&t.iiiiH The amount that a persoto nay infn Yort
earn varies, but as a rule er gets about $10 or $11 per
or enough to pay for a ’tee^rnn priced room. There are masiy'students, however, who earn- smaBer amounts and work more irr^gotsdly.
fjf
o-ftf nprr*'
’ff. fMi
® 3'' 'ix s V Vsf # T 4 -3. > I.i.pr4w< a C.’ I .
Seymour Schwihger, Ph. D., Instructor .in Physics. MarXMay Scoville, B. S., Graduate^Jlssistant in Physical Education for Women; Glenn Louis Searcy, B. S. A,. PeMow in Poutlry Husbandry, Agricultural Expeiiment Station.; Fred Bemenink, B. Sc., Graduate Assistant in Phaimacy; Edward Shapiro, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Harold Shechter, B. S., Graduate Assistant m Chemistiy; Robert Kenneth Showaltei, M. S., XR Fellow in Horticulture, Agricultural Experiment Station; Lewis Leonard Sisson, M. S., Assistant Chemist in Agricultural Chemistry, Agricultural Ex-' peiiment Station. Phillip Smith, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Thomas Harvey Smith, Ph. D.,j Instructor in Economics; Perrie Daniel Someis, A. B., Giaduate Assistant m Chemistry; Harry Soodak, Ph. D., Graduate Assistant in Physics; Wayne Matthews Steele, B. S., Giaduate Assistant in Pharmacy; Hairy Charles Stemmetz, M. A-, Assistant Instructor in 'Psychology; Miles Robert Fiedeiiek Tebbe, B. A., Giaduate Assistant in Chemistry; William Richard Thompson, B. A., Giaduate Assistant m Education and Psychology, Education and Applied Psychology Instiuction; Helen Rosalee Totten, B. S. H. E., Assistant Home Demonstiation Agent, Lapoite County; Maly Kathleen Townsend, B. S. H. B., Graduate Assistant in Poods and Nutiition; Alexander Robeit Van Dyken, A. B. , Giaduate Assistant in Chemis-
try; William F. Vendlqr, M, structor in General Engine^^? Merrill T. Vittnm, M. S., praffii^> Assistant iik Agronomy, AgVMSoltural Experiment Station. , ^ John Richey Vorwerck,^ M. Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Robert Kenneth Waugh, B, Sc., Graduate Assistant in Dairy'Stosbandry. Agricultural ExpexRnimt Station; Richard Glarencei Wbbb, B. S. E. E., Assistant instructor in Electrical* Engineering; Besedrcb Assistant in Engineering .Esperiment Station; Jack Harold Wests, B. Sc., Graduate Assistant-in i^iarmacy. Student Health Semcfe; John William Wetzel, B. S.^iCc^duate Assistant in Chemisitryji H. Kenneth Wilson, Clinical Assistant, Committee on Sjieech DefectsjpMartin Justin Yoijalem, B. S.’ C* E.," Giaduate Assistant in EngiiieeringExpCriment Station, Jqint Highvmy Research Project; Bruno Jiffin Zwolmski, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry. Dr. F. D. Martin .... associate professor of chemistry, has never failed to become one of the most prominent figures in the lives'’of freshmen engineers. The fame of his course, methods, and tactic* has" spread far beyond the local campus. He is the one man ‘ beginning engineers cannot escape or fail to appreciate. “Doe” Martin’s headquarters are located on the first floor of the Chem..ADnBX. Subscribe To Your Campus Dmly ■
LOWEST PRICES ON SUPPLIES for Fraternities . . . Sororities . . . ClSfii'
and Organizations
ITT
We carry in stock a complete line of Scott Tissue and Towels. ^ Pure White "Lily” Napkins,^ JO AA per case of lOM Napkins Per case of 5M Napkins "Just-Wun” Folder Paper Towels, 3,750 CJ Oir towels in a case, price per case ^SaOtl » V - "Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, 3,750 tow- Tf els to case, price per case ^ "No Waste” Toilet Paper, the very fin- JO AA est quality, 125 packages per case "Roll Toilet Paper” 2,000 sheets to roll, ^ . finest quality, 100 rolls to case, price per * ii7i ^ ^ Per Yi 50 rolls, same as above Filing Cabinets, Desks, Safes, Chairs, Tal^|Nh T^et Paper, Paper Napkins, and Towpls, Liquid Dispensers, Record Books, Duplicating Machines, graving, Vortex Drinking Cups. | * HAYW00D:4, (Established 1826) ' " * Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette^ 1^ Publishers Engravers «
ill It i/ii&ti
rjnl
z' dU Oii
fTl
till— n';) s t nfrrt
r.r I :! i 11 v/ortif - - -r.r., itrvr Ptm ! sisarifT r l-r ..3,1 jam r ,r >rf-r na HDH-ont u. HUtW ■ (. /J J iwci. I i f I t-ld ‘Iftt .(MlV OT e. /l>wtn
icuisli '
ir.v'tss
. ctF
jtnuma * .'ilvJfrfj. -.3. -I/ JUtt HA. WiiJJl*! * » - I A I, Ul/( tliflP I. A I I f
•> * r >Friendship . . . Social Activities . . . Recreation . . .
Are among the many benefits the Union offers through its facilities. The largest part of the Union’s space and efforts for activities can be had without / financial cost to the user. And it is such facilities that the Union is most anxious to advertise and sell.
Game Rooms ♦ ♦ ♦ Music Rooms \ . > f Browsing Rooms ♦ * ♦ the Lounges
Puttering Shop ♦ ♦ ♦ Telephones The Purdue Memorial Union planned and maintained for you, is to make your school year more enjoyable, and to give you a chance to relax both in body and in mind. Consider each visit to the UNION a vacation; for that is what it’s for. Enjoy the Union this year—it’s yours—USE IT.
A'
V
' i
\
Purdue^s Center & * i Become familiar with the Union as soon as you can. Ask at either of the two desks for information, l.earn to use the Browsing Room on the first flt^r, the Music Room on the second floor, rehearsal pianos, and the Game Room on the ground floor for chess, checkers, and cards. Become interested in the Extra-curricular work of the Student Union Board which manages the activities within the building and the many other activities which have offices and facilities within the building, suyh as the Purdue Independent Association, the Purdue Exponent, the Debris, Engineer, Agriculturist, and Y. W. C. A. Participate in the splendid amateur dramatics of Playshop or join the Camera Club and use its dark room in the sub-basement, or find others to join you in following your own hobby.
ting and Making Friends Use the Union to make new friends and keep old ones. Make a habit of just walking through the Union once a day, and don’t ever feel embarrassed within its walls. Frequent the lounges. Telephone your local friends from the Union without charge. "I’ll meet you at the Union” is smart. So, for a happy, successful college career, use all of these free facilities. Please remember always, that no matter how frequently advertisements in these pages ask your patronage in the Barber Shop, Cafeteria, Billiard Room, Grill, Sweet Shop, Union Club rooms. Chestnut Room, or Bowling Alleys, that the Union is just an anxious that you read in its Browsing Room, play music recordings in the Music Room and use is free facilities without spending a dime.
moria
nion
Corner of the Campus . . . the' Center of College Activities,• <
"Three Men On A Horse' In Catcher, Says Kenn Carmichael f:w^ll-knowri plays been selected by Jhe Playshop ttbtibri during the cbmfni fekr, H. Xenh Carmichael,
‘^The Petrified Forest”
“Beyond the Horizon”, and “Male
Cecil Holm and George ,_Obbott’s hilariously funny ‘‘Three Men on a Horse”, will be produced early in Octo-fi-j concerns the amusing antics of a Mr. Erwin Trowbrld^. a greeting card verse writer and a daily communting
r^ident of Ozone Heights, New Jersey.
$tory
jfejWin develops an infallible system olt hitting , on race horse winnerej although he neyer uses it for piersortfll profit. His misdemeanors into a fight with his wife, a-hotiday fronvthe office, and thence to 4 drufiken-revel during which he bepoines involved with a group of rtiTC-ho^e “sharks”. These and other amr^ing situations lend themselves to make one of the most hilariously funny comedies on the
acclaimed by critics as the biggest success of the comedy stage ' last year. The story deals with gay college life in 1920. The antics of the male animal. Professor Tommy Turner, and fiis wife- Ellen provide a somewhat different view of the
teaching profession.—w.g.h. Ralph M, Beams
. IhiJDecemb.er the Playshop will pi^eBt Pobert Sherwood’s famous “The .;P^trified.-Forest” which has m^,ysr|th success on both stage and s<?peens:; . Gripitiiig Drama The Black Mesa Bar-B-Q lunch ipomint the edge pf the petrified forestfiri an Arizona desert provides ashiappropriately gloomy setting for the' i'st<H’y- The cast includes a strange variety of characters, each <hs(ipii.t^nted.with his way of life, living the easiest way possible. The advent of a strange vagrant andythe sud,den intrusion of^an escaped: convict suddenly interrupt the tranguillity of the scene to provide t^nse drama apd sudden death. ;.3^gene O’Neilhs first drama Wri^p; for .the American stage, ‘^^eysgid the Horizon”, will be pro-dpced-carly mext Mai’ch. A typical ©’NeUl.tragedy, “Beyond the Horizon” ,isi.tthe realistic story Robert Mayovi.kon rof a well-to-do farmer, frustvatpd In his desire to go to sea. !^e. is overwhelmed by his desire and dies- ,;This play was a Pulitzer prizewinner,in 191^-1920. Latest Broadway Hit -The final production of the year will be “The Male Animal” by James ThiH’bef and ^Elliot Nugent,
evocations (.Continued from page 1) baritone, ptovides the first of four " i^ui Robeson, outstanding negro outstanding musical presentations whj^ 3Viind up the, convocation series. Robeson has proven himself one of the outstanding members of his race. His versatility has been shown by the, fact that he is a Phi Beta kappa,'a. winner of letters in four sports .as well, as an All-American epddn,football, the winner of ora-tory,..-pidzes,, and was the commencemppt orator, of his class at Rutgers IJniv^ity., y f/giayp r sity Musical Grganiza‘th)USi“3?d®T :fb^ direction of A. P. Stpwpiit, wdl shine forth on Pebrua?T ^^,itp be followed by the Indian^>pl^^ Symphony Orchestra. ,.f(Bnrhor bf Seveille,” presented by-,.tbe,:San Carlo Opera Company, largest traveling operatic organizatipp ip.America, will be the grand fipat? PP April 16. SiibstiribeTo Your Campus Daily
.... Sc., First Lieutenant, Medical Corps, Station Hospital, has returned to duty at Camp JPolh, La., after attending a special course in the eye, ear, nose and throat section of the Army and Navy General Hospital,- Hot Springs, Ark. Lieutenant Beams attended Purdue University and Indiana University, from which he received both his bachelor pf science and doctor of
medicine degree.
Profes5orB.H,Pe!ty|jg^
State Officers Meet ^ To Discuss problems A 'total of 1,794 miles of road i^eVe in^ppeted this sumiper by Ben H. Petty, pi’ofessor of highway engineering at Purdue ,University, in connection with various visits over the state which included highway
Prof. Ben Petty
extension work in 12 different countiefe>:;;\j;v ■' ■-.-i In each of the twelve counties in which highway extension work was conducted. Prof. Petty met with county, city, and state road officials in formal discussion sessions of the
Elects Cline Chairman MrSi E. C. Cline,, of Richmond, has been appointed Indiana chairman’of Bette'h Homes in, America, a national educational organization which maintains . headquarters on the University campus. The objectives of the organization are to emphasize the importance of the home^ in nationaraftd cottirtiunity life, to encourage thrift for home ownership, and to provide helpful suggestions regarding the selection and building of tlie honie. ; In her,,,pew position, Mrs.. Cline will direct the state, activities of the national .organization which was
particular highway problems of the community involved; A total of 642 men attended 18 group meetings conducted by Prof. Petty during the period from June 30 to August 8. Counties in which the discussions and road inspections were held this summer included Starke, Wabash, Grant, Allen, White, fij^canoe, Montgomery, Boone, Vigo, Johnson, Payette, and Harrison. In connectibn with the 'highway extension work which he has been conducting for some years, Prof. Petty visits a number’of counties each summer for consultation with locaf officials on a more or less rotating basis so that the entire state is blanketed within aS shbr.t a period as possible.
WELCOME BACK STUDENTS We cordially invite you to come in and look over the attractive array of items we have on display — as always we offer you the newest of Gift Items and School Necessities.
STUDENT SPECIALS
APPROVED LE.S. STUDY LAMPS with bulb ACE-SGOUT STA:^EE ^ “Guaranteed Stapling Satisfaction";.... BLOTTER PAD Complete with Blotter
.49
up
ETSERBROOK Fountain Pens The Pen with the Re-NewPoint.....
SJ.OO 50^ $|.00
up
20c
METAL BOOK-ENDS, per pair.. .. . .. .
CANVAS LAUNDRY CASES ..... : -$1.69
ROYAL
STUDENT RING BOOKS
Portable Typewriters
Metal Hinge Back with Filler and Index - Name Stamped Free
$39.50 up
$2.20 up (Others 25c up)
Student Desks - Athletic Supplied Sports Wear - Costume Jewelry - Perfumes Gifts - Greeting Cards - Stationery
518-20 MAIN
DECKER’S
pW' ’ 4‘ V’
Welcome students
To the students, both old and new, we igain offer you our modern cleaning service^ V ♦ ♦ You may realize our desire to serve you*
PHONE 5036
!;)
Draft Bfigihles “Physical Preparedness”, a sp^ cial one-hour credit physical education. cou;^se compulsory to all male stude'^tS’''su'bjeCt to national selective service, has been added to the University curriculum this fall, ac-
launched in ,192^ with headquarters in Washingt'on, b. C., by Mrs. William Meloney, of NeW York, City. Largely due to the pioneering efforts of the University in housing research, headquarters were transferred here', in 1936 at which time Dr.f Elliott was named national president.—r.w.b. D.C,Pfendler .... assistant to the Dean of the School of Agriculture, is in charge of the counseling for freshmen agricultural. students. His office is located on the first floor of Agricultural Hall:.ij,qst ..around the corner from the drinking fountain in the East hall. At some time during the year he confers with all agricultural freshmen. Don’t let him hunt you up; drop into his office and make his acquaintance.
by President E. C. Elliott. Dr. Elliott has addressed a special notice to all prospective men students in the University notifying them that beginning w-ith this semester, the new 'CGurse is required p£ ,^ll „ #en^ students betWqen the ages.! of .pi, anJ ^ emptioir from the course will be ba^:ed dpofi the thedidhl and'physichl ephditibri of the-student and i’s td bfe decided by the Health' S'ervie’e 'and thd'Divisipii 'dt' Physical 'Education ■fpr'Mpn.’/'' ■ The .pivisipn' of, Bhysical Education, -^yhiph win administer , tke cours^^hducted an ex^prinidntal course, ddring the! final, eight weeks of the spepnd semester', last year which attracted an enrollment 'of '223. Results' o'btained from the course indicated that a distinct improv^embht :ih jihysical' 'Condition could he improved,! '.Results frdm the ■ voluntary’ iedhrse indicated that the avera’gd iniproveffieht iii fheasurable events was'lfi,9%. ' ; ' The course w'lll consist, of two hours per 'week in classroom laboratory instruction plus one hour of outside activity in ^such ’siipef'vised projects as hiking clubs ^hd competitive forms of athletics. Credit earned from the cdui’se ihay be applied towards graduation as electives.—j.j. ' ’ “ '
FRESH
For fine, hi-quality shoGx repairing WOLFORD’S SHOE REPAIR 109 Northwestern Ave. , In the Village
Summer Session pn Awards 136 Degree! Students who successfully . coinpletedstheir wdrik at'^e ing 42 advanced diplomas. divisions: Science 12; hoine'economy ics;'‘IS’T agrictrtt'iu?ByT8V'fe^i^^^ en‘gine4rifig,''‘2'4”f S'; elehtricM'^giriedrifig, i0T’'^'h,efii* iCal' enginCcringi' engineerih§ laHyv i;'traid’d^’aV^ trikl'ed'ucatih'n; gineeriiig;'2; phySicaf’bdtlCittihhi ‘ ‘ Master’s distributed’ 'as fpRoWsv engiheerin^, oV hariid'ecoWdfeihki”'8'j education,’17 j'psyhhbTdi^, '4; ical e'dueiatiph,’6. ' '.'infF''a-r”''.,. ' .■'j.'Hv nuhn!'' ■i v.V'.'-. .ai-i-’PHHR'jS!;,'; ; There: .'ffiill; >he a ;iin'eetiBg“»£ Jail f reshmen; anfi; vsofphoiiiUrea’.'j ested Intsdlling ®ebiis rtdinoKrew it 2 p. m.’ in the'Ddbrfe'basioeiisspfiicSi;
. ..
.-AwluHok
Hii^^pone^ office in the Union ing. for t^ur^^ubscription. Well get ^^... Buald-
GLEANING . . . PRESSING
REPAIilHG
MANHATTAN - HICKOK - BEAU BRUMM^ - DOBBS -
V {;,. r.^^ f.// It ^V>fav^iVlr•VV\.V^«.VTJ
V A R s I T Y T o w N C L O T H E S
WELCOME FRESHMEN You have chosen the finest in Universities; ^hy not choose the finest in Mens Wear Stores! GEISLER’S We ^ ■-i , ’ £ ■ ^ -v offer you the finest merchandise on the market—at a savings.
CLnHESSHOPlMC. Qii&Uty anti Satisfaction Guaranteed
L I .F P E R
R A F T C L O T H E Sf v
mmm
la mhi Mh^ H^gh Among pK^emties; Bei^ Pi Lea^s All Campus Gfoups Scholastic jndices for the second semester of the year 194041,' asvfeieased ’by thd bMce oi the tiean of Men, show Alpha Chi Rhq to pe highest scholastically among social fraternities o»; the campus and dhi Omega tied with Kappa Alpha Tbeta for sorority scholai^hi^ honorSi^'t V r Of all campus* brgariizatibns, ,Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary, and Phi Lambda TJpsilph, chemical fraternity, held the highest indices, these, being tied with each other with a •6^21 index.; ■ ■ ''' r
Men^s Independent 'groups were led by Citadel and E6chd&le Hbude while womdh's ihdependeht social organizations were led by .Otter-Be-la House Club. The all-studeht av-
erage stood at 3.88.
. TM'^i^ "of campus orghniza-
tiohs Were! ’
!' I. National Social Fraternities
■' 'i-:
Average
Group
Standing
. Rank
Aceicia
..... 4.03
9-10 '
Ail>hB Chi' Rha.
4.46
1
Ajtoa Gamma Rho
4.23
3
Aoiha Kappa Lambda...
...... 4.10
■7
Alpha Sigma Phi
4.17
6
Alpha Tau Omega...
3.74
30
Bath .Sigma Pal
4.16
6 4.
Bfetft 'Theta PI
3.87
21
Delta Tau Delta
3.93
17
Delta Upailon
3.61 -
33
/KjiPpa Delta Rho.
...... 8.56
36
K,ppa Sigma
3.86 ’
22-23-24
Lhtnbda Chi Alpha:....;...
...... 3.98
.14 .*
Plit; Delta Theta..
4.06 ’
8
PHI Gamma Delta
3.86
22-23-24
Phi Kappa
3.60
84
Phi Kappa Psi
3.76
28-29
Phi. Kappa Sigma...
8.90
19
Phi Kappa Tau
4,21
4
Phi Sigma Kappa
8.88
22-23-24
PivKappa Alpha
3.64
31-32
Pi Kappa Phi:......
... 3.97
16-16
Siqma Alpha Epsilon....
4.02
11
Si^ma Alpha Mu..
3.83
25
Sig,mB Chi
3.88
20
S^ma Nu
4.03
9-10
Sigma Phi Epsilon.
3.97 .
15-16
Sfgftia Pi
3.82
26-27
'Teii Epsilon Phi
4.01
14
Tau Kappa Epsilon
3.64
31-32
Theta Chi
3.99
13
Theta Tau
3.91
18
Theta Xi
3.76
28-29
Tiiiangle
4.27
2
, It. Sororities
Alpha Chi Omega
4.21
3-4
Alpha XI Delta
4.10
6
chi Omega
4.27
1-2
Delta Camma
4.04
7
Kappa Alpha Theta........
4.27
1-2
Kappa Kappa Gamma:.
4.23
3-4
Phi Mu
3.98
8
Pi Beta Phi
...... 4.08
6
III. Honorary and Departmental
Alpha Lambda Delta
6.04
6
Alpha Phi Omega
4.26
17
Alpha Zeta
4.73
9
Catalyst
4.42
16
Ceres
4.65
11
Chi Epsilon
4.67
13
Delta liho Kappa
.6.16
3
Dolphin
4.16
21-22
Eta Kappa Nu..;
4.98
6
Iota Lambda Sigma
4.17
20
iron' Key.
4.11
23
Kappa Delta Pj..
4.72
10
Kappa Psi
'4'.20'
m ■
Mortar Board
: 4.77
-8
Omicron Nu ?.
4 '
Phi Lambda Upsilon
5.21
1-2
Pi Tau Sigma
4.81
7
Scabbard and Blade........
...... 4.61
12
SigAia Delta Chi....:
4.26
18
Sigma Delta Psi
4.16
21-22
Sigma Pi Sigma
Skull and Crescent
3.74
26
Tau Beta Pi
...... 6.21
1-2
Tau Kappa Alpha
...... 4.30
16
Theta Alpha Phi
...... 4.09
24
XI Sigma Phi
4.47
14
IV. Residence Halls and House Clubs
Men’s Residence Hails and Annexes
Gary Hall—
;East
3.6B
7
North
3.67
6
Northwest
3.69
5
West :....
3.77
4
- South
3.82
3
Cary. Hall Annex—
,777 Russell Street
3.45
8
^781 Russell Street .l
...... 3.96
2
Oliver Perkins Terry House 3.99
Men’s House Ciubs and CorOperative Houses
Aneic Inn ...r.: 4.11 Bachelor’s Haven 3.98 Bivouac 3.63 Chauncey^ House, S.C.A 4.20 Circle Pines, S.C.A.... 4.14 Citadel 4.21 culture Hall 3.77 Dover House 3.71 Kneale House. S.C.A... 3.91 Luma House, S.C.A... 3.86 Marwood House, S.C.A 3.75 « MlUor Manor 3.28 Owen House,; S.C.A ... 4.04 PUrdUe Only 3.94 Rochdale House, S.C.A 4.21 Salisbury House, S.C.A 4.10 Statq House 4.01 Stellar Hall 3.63 Waldron Hall 3.66 Wesley Boys’ House, S.C.A. 4.18 Westminster House, S.C.A. 4.11 Wilson Hall 3.34
Women’s Residence Halls Women’s Residence Hall—
North 3.96 /South ....: 3.97 : Wood 4.12
Women’s House Clubs
An Tweedale House, S.C.A. 4.16 Antigonish 4.08 Casa Manana 4.16 Coedda ; 4.18 Goilogiana ....C 4.01 Dazian :.. 3.90 Glen.wood House, S.C.A 4.12 Harmony Haven 3.36 N.O.M.I. 3.69 Novadale ..> 3.97 Otter-Be-Inn 4.38 3.H.E. House 3.96 Carolyn Shoemaker, S.S.A. 3.88 'Thaeles 4.04 The Gables 3,99
6-7 11 19-20
3 5
1-2
14 16 ,22 9 12 1-2 8 10 19-20 18 4 6-7 21
Ag Schpol Offers Int^ensive Training In Winter Courses This winter thp School of Agriculture will, offer four short courses from January 19 to March 13. The four courses, each consisting of eight weeks of intense training in one phase of agriculture>' are designed for young men y^hp cannot take a fdur year eourse but who wish to Have an agricultural, train-
ing of a practical nature.
The courses'are as follows: General Agriculture, which enables a farm operator to analyzfe his farni busipess; Auimal Husbandry, which teaches livestock. production efRciepey; Dairy Productionj which emphasizes the essential^ of good feeding and sound management practices, the importance of disease control in the dairy herd and the proper care and marketing of milk and milk products; and Dairy Manufactures, which trains meri for positions as milk plant operators, route-
men, testers, etc.
Book Exchange (Continued from page 1) ing to the one on the student’s receipt slip, will be posted bn a bulletin board and the student may collect his money at a date which will be set by the Student Book Exchange Board of Control. When operated'for the first time, the Book Exchange,was eminently successful with over $2400 worth of books sold. Last year at this time the largest turnover in the history of the Exchange was experienced. The Exchange was able to sell 97 per cent of the 2243 books received with the total cash receipts totaling
$3724.23.
The Book Exchange Board of Control consists of: Bill. Hepburn, Union activities chairman; Ned Ochiltree, editor of the Exponent; Dick Dibos, 'S,tudent Senate presi-dent-all ex-officip members^—John Ozborn; Helen Schickler; Mary Henry. Other personnel members include: Jim Eeeves, publicity director; Charles Lewis, personnel efirector; Bud Hoffer, equipment manager ; Calista Cretel an^ ,poro.thy Weber, co-recorc(s|",TB'uh#^'|; Shd'^ Hari'y Hudson, cashier.-^a.p.h. p^ubscribe Tlo '!Kpui;?'ip^puS^,D||ly|
Hew i studentat < the have ajwide choice of chlirchei; and all these;^organizatjons make spe;^ dial fdfforts ' fo. becomo acquainted With these stt3^6nts; bVen’ if ffehy dd not happen to be of the same faith. Every freshman has the opportunity and. should attend church services during' these following' weeks of School. f Baptist V , ; The sentiment of all the various faiths is. typified*by the following letter addressed to freshmen by Eevererid J. B. Gleason of the Baptist Roger Williains Club:. Dear Student: We understand that you are a freshman at the University, As minister of the West Lafayette Baptist, Church and Hhiversity. pastor of toe Baptist students at Purdue, I wish to etoend to,you a cordial Welcome. Wo have a splendid church located two blocks from the campus, at the corner of Columbia and Chauncey Streets. Gur church people, many of whom are connected with too University, will give you a welcome. The Eoger Williams Club Class vpieetS at. 9:30 a. m. on Sunday and the morning worship is at 10:36 a. m- At 5.30 in the afternoon is the Fellowship Hour, followed by a ten cent supper at 6 p. m. and a radio program at 6:30 p. m. You are invited to attend an all Purdue ^Freshmen Party at the Union Building on. Friday evening, September 6th. I will be there to miake myself knbwu to you. Some of our Baptist upper classmen will be thore also. Mrs. Gleason and I Wish to be your friends. Our home at 140 S. Grant is always open. Cordially youi’s, J. B. Gleason. • Methodist At the Methodist Church, the, Wesley Foundation has as its new, leader Reverend Eugene R. Balsley formerly of New Carlisle, Indiana Reverend Balsley succeeds Reverend McFadden, who has been transferred to Terre Haute. Both Mr. and Mrs. Balsley are successful, workers among young people, and all Methodist students should take the opportunity to attend church services and become acquainted with them. • Presbyteriafi University Church, at 320 North Street, was completed only last year, and it offers bi’ief services directed toward student interests and problems. Although its membership consists largely of Presbyterian and Congregational students, any others are welcome to come. A discussion group headed by Dr. Gordon Graves of the Department of Mathematics, is held each Sunday morning at 9:30 and is followed by services of worship at 10:30. The Sunday Evening Club meets at 5:30 p. m. for supper followed by recre ation. Formal services are held upstairs in the Ivan C. Olmstead Chapel, and reil'Cation takes place in the basement. Students are welcome at ahyi; liDiPii to meet friends at the ehdrclC €o read, or to play there. The building is usually opep. Revereud John W. Findley is pastor of toe church.
, Subscribe To Your Campds Daily
i' I - Slop in for a delicious snack, i^cross from the Lafayette Theatre on N. Sixth St. CURLY'S PLACE
I Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
ALL LATEST BALLROOM DANCES Enroll Now pjiones 6366-2973 Mrs. Mildred Duncan
mmprMmm stained LAN CALFSKIN...
See how hand staining highlights every high'-qiidlr ity detail of thi*&sii(t|jrt style, adding dollars tq ita' looks . . . but not a penny to its price. ■
AnliqO^d Fine' ^ Calffktni
A. B. C. Shoe Co./Inc. X-RAY FITTING 406 Main St. Phone 2001
' ServiedF io| students east corriqcb of .Si?cto; and' Perry Streets, Lafhy/ejfcto.VThe hhurqli: is one block'horto of Main Street pn* Sixth* .. '' ’>■", There is' to be a special service at which entering! students will Ihe welcomed. at l6i4B a, in. pto Sunday, September Tth. All are given a cordial invitation to attend^ Freshmen and eritering students are also cdrtohlly invited for refreshments in Room 363 of the Furdue Umph'Bdii^ihg at 8:46 p. m. on iFJriiiay, imih^iately at the corfclhsidh of' the Erdshman Party Which is to he held in’ the ballroom of the Union Building on Friday, September 6th, at 7:30' p. m. • Christian The Purdue Christian Foundation extends a special welcome to all freshman and ' transfer students, from Christian Church (Disciples) background. ‘ The program for the first ■week or so.is important in that one mush get acquainted with all his fellow students, therefore it is included here: Sunday morning the Student Class meets at 9:30 and church services begin at 10:30. The Christian church is in Lafayette at the corner of Sixth and North Streets, While the Purdue Christian Foundatiofa is at 131 S. Grant Street in West Lafayette. One may go to the latter place' at 9:15 Sunday mornifig for transportation to the church. Sunday evening at 6:16 is the ten cent supper, arid at 6:O0 is the Siinday Evening Forum at i the church. Wednesday afterilioon .from 3:30 to, 6:30 is a social meeting, and Friday evening at 6:16, tlte Freshman Banquet will be held at .the church. , Heeations of West Lafayette churches are as follows: Baptist, corner of Chauncey and Columbia; Methodist, corper of Chauncey and South; University Presbyterian, corner of North and Grant. ‘
Union Workers V Meetings of all sophomore Union and Student Senate workers and volunteers interested in working on the Student Book Exchange will be held today and tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Union office.
NEW AND OLD / STUDENTS::,,,; 1: A! new and thrrible force is loose im the world dedicated to the'de*i^rliptioh of ; -the , phildSophy Phd l^eiilishis .which have made America gi^nti. Many.; eouhtries have sftrrentdered daring 'the past two years denpperaitic freedom, to cruef'gangster’dictator ship; This epuhtry is faeihg. tile greatesticrihip -in its history; and is being forced to Spend.# consider nble/ppctimi Of ithe earnings and savii^gs of; its citizens for athidiLient;. C^r fir#t-and * most .decisive battle i^ mpw;> Deing fought |n prepaTedness against the mechanized warfare of j gangstera who, know only, the ianiguage of force. Our defense program requires foir‘,its effectiveness large numbers of men and Women who are versed in the types of specialized knowledge which nne can best gWin at Purdue University, It must be remembered that for every soldier in the field eighteen people'behind'the lines are required tp design,^ build, and furnish the equipment needed in niodern mechanized Warfare.' ■ ' ■ The present national crisis; is a challenge to you Purdue University students. Are you ready as a patriotic‘citizen Of this great land to redouble your efforts in order to gain such specialized knowledge as will maike you most useful during this emergency? Remember.thi^ is no time for leisure'or play if ouf people are to be saved from slavery and our country from total destruction. A. A*. Potter, Dean of Engineering Schools. A WELCOME FOR FRESHMEN By M. L. Fisher It is customary to welcome guests. Perhaps you new students feel that^ou do not quite citify as guests since by coming to Purdue you are only exercising a privilege which you won by; good Work in the grades and high school. We will not argue the poiat whether you are guests or legal residents, hut .we are glad you are here. We hppe your stay will be enjoyable and profitable. We (the University) want to help lyou to achieve your ambitions. While we'aim to give ypu some pretty serious try-outs, we believe you know the value of exercise for muscles and that you understand that strong brains can be made only in the same way. These are serious
tipies and^ive bcd.toTc thWt ypo Will enier^ into yPur college life ,Wi^h-the seriousness that the times demand, '^here-will be p]elit3r of reei'^ffon While you pre going along ang yon cautoave a (good time While you are about’ yttui* college edacattod; #e hope we may work together to that end.- -., . -■' iMEMBEBS OF THEHLASS OP ! . ; ' 1945; ■ - ■; , I It is a very great pleasure for ;me as a freshman meihber of Facjulty of Purdue University to ek* ; tend greetings to all fellow freshmeh. We will I am sure finp ample challenge to. our capacity i toTWork and enjoy life in, the en- : yirOnment of a great University. ' The School of Pharmacy is aO integral part of the public health ; services of the state and nation. iThe need for men and WomeO in pharmaceutical service whether it be through retail stores, hospir tals, wholesale and manufacturing establishments, or in governmental agencies is great at the pj?esent time' and offers excellent’ opportunities for the future. In behalf of the members of the Staff;iof the School of Pharmacy, all . freshmen are warmly welcomed* . Glenn L. Jenkins. TO THE STUDENTS IN THE SCHOOL DP B^ENGE: ' It affords me a personal satisfaction to’welcome the entry of new students into the School of Science, as* well as th® return pf others for the work of the nqw year. Many changes have been made ip the Working facilities Which will be appreciated by you as thp year progresses, t The prep.a*'ation for the future is within your hands. The opportunities are available in the University for you to make a superior
kin# of 1 mainfailt the afandard that ylM; . haye.-set achievement will aasnre'. yon g qualification to meet chan^ff coiiditions in the worfdl aa. 'titoy V, come. , *' My (Meeds opttt to want yon to feel ftog to? dr»iR:;i»l4; at any time to enabte 08/^ come acquaintiM witiryon^wea^f yptt to aid na to thto end. , ? ‘ ,! ? ; Howard E. lleaR.i^^f.% ' GREETINGS TO AGRICULTURAL PREBHMt^ In behalf of the faetiIiy:of;ti^7 School of Agriculture, I am ye^ happy to welcome our freshntoo* to the Purdue campWB, Yon vriH ' find the student body and tjte teaching staff interested in yonr welfare and success. Aside fronii the opportunities to train yourself In your chosen profession, yon WiB make a ’hMt pf** friends and enlarge your hbrizbn of worthwhile experieiCces. Agriculture offers you a technical and hcultural education because of its Close relations with chemistry, biology, zoofogy, transportation, finance;^ power, literature, history, economics, and the development of society. We all . hope that you will dedicate yoiir^A™® and energy to your work for the next fcuir years, be- , cause your dividends are in proporticdi to your effort. Make the most of your opportunities, and don’t forget that “there is no substitute for results.” Associate Dean Freeman, Mr. Pfendler, and other members of ^ the staff will be glad to talk your problems over with you. We all wish yon a very successful career' at Purdue. ” ' H. J. Reed.
DEUCIpUS POPCORN Shick Sc ’ ^ Gallon 15c FURNAS ICE CREAM Bars 5c Pint 15c Fresh Candies Cigarettes flte Cold Drinks
Next to the
Uniy. Book Store
'S
352 STATE STREET
H E R E
on
USED Books
iingineeting, ■9 -I , Science an^ Home Economicsi Complete line of Sheaffer, Parker, i ? -r ‘ ^ ' ■ ' , Evershatp and Esterbrook .-Mm ^ . -s y.
LE*S; "cmd Fluorescent ^tudy lamps UNIVERSITY ^OK STORE Across from the Union Building “So Handf’ M. e. "Red" Sammons/29 R. Ww "Dec*
f-ifij 'i - to' -.tntiiM • -* V'k i *»»«»’' .a, •Nvsol tfSfM', . s. ...-Si y-idr,-' , - u<n mi . - - ‘ .fl .,r ■ ■ :3ii 3t ' ,; if i ■ — ■ a.
• S' V
.....
4:. •/ fa
4.^
.lU HQll
'..A
‘41 ili:* ■ lit/:;/ to'-;! ill /HU::?’ ■ >i« ut : lU ;; , fii?::/-’ !- lit ■!/ .US - iM': ill pi-"; ■l»L« ih-.?-: ■11:^ . hi ’ UK -:' . Ilf: -; ' ill lU ut' /- -til t lit'';;: S tU • IH HI lit <ti'\pttii^ Engineering Courses
be ,held throughout the state this fall and winter as part of thi^ Defense Training Program. Regional direi^tDrs and registration dates were announced recently W Professor C. W. fese, head of general engineering, who ^s in charge of the mrk.f \ £:**The special courses which will be offered give those now etiiployed, or whd are seeking employment in defense industry in opportunity to prepare themselves for specialized work,” stated Professor Beese.
Expect 5,000 Registrants
oLast winter and spring more than 3,000 industrial workers were enrolled in special training courses g|yen by the University in various cities throughout the state. This year more than 5,000 are Mpcctcd to enroll in these courses in Indiana, Which are part of a nation-wide program designed to break the “bottleneck’' in defense due to the shortage
of trained engineers.
' Classes in each course will,be conducted two nights a week under the direction of an experienced instructor. Each course will run twelve weeks, and three terms will be held
between now and the end of June. Tuition will be free, except for text books, and .a certificate will be awarded all students who success-
fully complete their course. Production supervision, produc-
tion engineering, time and motion studies, cost control, machine design, engineering drafting, metallurgy, aez’onautical engineering, tool and die design, jig and fixture design, electrbnic.s, mechanic s, mathematics, electrical design and safety engineering arc some of the courses to be offered at the regional
Muncic, ■ Indiahaiiplis, iantt bafayetle. ^ ^ i Dr. I. N. GoifV coiisulting metaln lurgi<^l engineer, is director of the Gary region. Registration for night classfes will be held at Gary, September 16 and 17, and at East ,Chi-' cago, September 18 and I?. Paul Fisher is in Charge of the Fort Wayne di^rict. Registration will be held in Foi-t Wayne, September 11, and in surrounding towns, Septem-’ her 12. Merle M. McClure, research engineer at the engineering experiment, station for theJast 16 years, is director at Muncie, where registration will be held September 15, with regifstration in the surrounding towns, Seputembef 16, 17, and IS.^^Phid M. Fifer is director of the Indianapolis area, where registration Vi^iH he held September 11, 12, and 13. Dr. Lincoln B. Hale, president of Evansville College, will be director of the Evansville district, with registration dates to be anriouliced. V. R. Daugherty, who has been cortnccted with the defense, training jirogram since it started, Vill serve as administrative assistant fpr the program, and head the Lafayette office, where registration will be held September 11 and 12.—d.e.c.
i Next September, theTJni^ersity is scheduled to put into op' rjiratinn the pcrading .system that was ,adopted by tlie faculty
dnees in intepretation of the value of the grdde^, both'on ,ithe part of the faculty and ^^entbody as well Us by other institutions when attempting to ^luate the work done by students at the University. Four Passing Graces Under the new plan, there are to be four passing, grades which are to be designated by numbers as follows: 4—Excellent, to be awarded for high achievement; 3~Good; 2-^Fair; 1—Passing in minimal objectives only. In addition to the passing grades, I | ^ the plan includes two failing grades l^^ditional credit for “students who and one conditional grade. The des- the highest passing grade ignation of these grades was left to ^ course and do creative work the discretion of the Registrar. quality beyond the usual These grades will be similar in requirements of the course.” meaning to the present D, P and' I “Such recommendation, accomgrades. panied by the evidence on which it Still An Honor Grade is based shall be acted upon by a Contvai'y to common opinion, the committee designated by the Presipresent “H” grade is not eliminated dent. Credit so earned, hot to exih spirit. Under the new arrange- ceed double the amount of credit ment, an instructor may recommend given for the course, shall be used
for ,11,0 othcr’*purposc'. Much Work Yet ', , f The delay before the system goes iiitb {effect is caused by the. large aihoimt of work required to recal-1 culate scholastic indices^ minimal credit hours for graduation, class desigriations and for the partial remission of,fees. \ j . Objections to the; present grading system, included the statement that an analysis of last seihester’s grades, indicated th^t 79 per cent of the H’s issued last semester were not in conformity with the author-' itivc definition of the H grade. Students, Faculty Confused In the'^ilisc'ussion of the proposal in the report submitted to the faculty, it Was pointed out that “The
WiL^. - Kt,
the H grade has caused njtich con- ‘ fusion in the miltds of Ijioth faculty;' ' 'aild atddteitts; ■V®?’dbhfusiOA? pi'pbahly can to be dispelled by any alteration or . amendment to the '
definition.”"
“It is dpuhtlesairue that the pre^'j; ^ ent base for gaging tlie H ghad^' in as much hs it varies between’; wide limits according to the yieWS:::of the individhal instructor, is pr^J; ' judicial to the student.' Also, the f!' grade ip supposed to be measured according to a scale which is qu itc different from the standard/es,tablished for the present A, B aiiif'P: grades.’ .4, Subscribe To Your Campus Dailyf ,
WATT'S FOOD STORE 112 NORTHWESTERN
a(' 'i
^ ' WELCOMES YOU ' ; Fresh Home Made Salads Daily, Gomplele Variety -r- Prepared Cooked Luiieheoii Meals — Finest Fresh Mea'ts —' Ice Cream — Fresh Fruits — Candy Bars — Gum Mints, 3 for lOc* OPEN NITES and SUNDAY and HOLIDAYS
'.Sft';;
A 'HeartY Welcome to the "Freshmen Save by going UniversitY
Complete line of drugs and toiletries
• Up-to-date model airplane dep artment - Jll I ;; • Facilities to meet all photographic: needs • Best fountain service in town 'i- '-
L L
Orientation Specials; Alarm Clocks, Fountain Pens, Pipes, Malts *
WELCOME FRESHMEN Visit Us for the Latest
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP EVERYTHING FOR THE MAN
■y'. 1
• Quick Service • Efficient Service • Reasonable Rates in. bad, wBoihsh, . . (^alL at antf. JtimsL.
YELLOW CAB 00