This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY \ April 23, 193BJ Lafoyette, fndSxma VOL. 49 No. 161
San Carlo Opera To Present 'Carmen'
In Jefferson Op Monday At 8 p. m.
The San Carlo Opera Company, under the direction of Carlo Peroni, will present “Carmen" in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium Monday evening at 8 p, m. The company, on their twenty-seventh transcontinental tour will bring many new singers here in the leading roles for the final all-University convocation of the year.
The opera, by Bizet, was taken from the novel by Prosper Merimee depicting the life of a beautiful, reckless, Spanish gypsy. It will be sung in French. The principal characters, with casts, follows:
Deadline For PIA Office Petitions Set At Noon Today
Carmen, a Spanish gypsy Maura Castagna Micaela, a peasant girl Leola Turner Don Jose, a sergeant Aroldi Lindi Escamillo, bull fighter Mostyn Thomas Zuniga, a lieutenant - Harold Kravitt Morales, a sergeant Fausto Bozza Bemendado, a smuggler Natale Cervi Dancairo, a smuggler Francesco Curce Frasquita, a gypsy friend of Carmen Mildred Ippolito Mercedes, a gypsy friend of Carmen Alice Homer
Petitions for PIA offices must be turned in at the PIA office in the Union Building by today noon, PIA officials stated last night. Election of officers will be held Tuesday in the lobby of the Union from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Positions which will be voted upon are president, 'vice-president, coed executive, secretary and treasurer. Any member may vote upon presentation of his or her passport and membership card.
The first act shows a public square in Seville. Act two takes place in a tavern in the suburbs of Seville; act three—a wild and rocky pass in the mountains; act four—a square before the arena in Seville.
25 Must Sign Any PIA member desiring to run for an office for which he is qualified must submit a petition signed by 25 other members. Those who have filed petitions to date are: for president, R. D. Maby, and D. K. Wells; vice president. Bob Heine and Rolfe Jenkins; co-ed executive, Mary Wien; secretary, E. Jayne Myer and Mary G. Yeager; and treasurer, Fred Baase, J. E. Hinshaw, and E. W. Hackney.
Sigma Delta Chi To Award 'Best Teacher' Medallion
“Payments for the Sigma Delta Chi Gridiron Banquet will not be accepted after 5 p. m. Saturday,*’ SDX president Hugh Forster stated last night. Letters postmarked before 5 p. m., however, will be accepted, and tickets may still be paid for at the main desk in the Union. ”■
The “Best Teacher” medallion, a new award created by Sigma Delta Chi working in cooperation with Exponent’s best teacher campaign will be presented at the banquet to the faculty member judged to be the “best teacher” by the SDX. To Hang In Union
Trustees Accept Calf, Loan Fund Additions
Similar to the Leather Medal which has been awarded for 17 years, the Best Teacher medallion will hang in the Union near the Leather medal. The medallion consists of a bronze plaque riveted to a polished walnut plaque with silver rivet*.
Several hundred dollars for student loan fund additions and a purebred Ayreshire bull calf for the dairy farm were accepted at Wednesday’s meeting of the University board of trustees.
Superimposed on the plaque will be placed a rolled diploma with “The SDX Best Teacher Medallion” in raised silver script. Names of the individual -winners each year will be listed from the bottom of the medallion on individual silver bars. Small replicas will be given to the winner each year.
Loan fund additions include: $100 from the Highway Materials and Equipment Association; $175 from the Indiana Federation of Clubs; $25 from the Twentieth Century club, Lafayette; $5 from the Edgewood club, for Sarolyn E. Shoemaker Memorial fund; $4.45 from Indiana Home Economics association secretary; $100 to establish the Russell T. Gray loan fund; $272.90 from Mrs. Frank Kirkpatrick, Frankfort, to add to the Virginia C. Meredith loan fund; $47.78 fi'om Purdue Forestry Club to establish Forestry club and Xi Sigma
Pi loan fund.
83 Members...
... of the 1908 class have informed C. M. Booher, class secretary, that they will be here Gala Week fot their 30th class reunion.
Badminton Club To Meet
Fort Wayne Tomorrow
Among those who plan to attend are : Duke Wellinghoff, New Orleans, La., former gridiron star; Gen. Frederick Martin, U. S. Army, stationed in Alabama; O. H. Caldwell, New York, radio magazine publisher; George Torrence, Cleveland manufacture..
The Kekionga Badminton Club of Fort Wayne will be guests of the new Purdue Badminton Club, Sunday, at 1 p. m. They will play men and women’s single and doubles matches in the Fieldhouse.
Final Curtain Will Rise
Joseph wA. Andrews, Lafayette attorney; Prof. P. S. Emrick, band director; and Booher make up the committee for the arrangements.
Tonight On 'Ceiling Zero'
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair and warmer today. Tomorrow unsettled; showers by afternoon or night. Somewhat warmer in the east and north portions.
•Yesterday's Temperatures: Low, 89; high, 66; mean, 48,
Tea Dance Open To All Students
“Of Thee I Sing” cast members will be the guests of honor at the PIA tea dance in the Union ballroom this afternoon.
Ten Teams Qualify For Senior Finals
Rogers, Agnew Play For
In Bridge Tourney 1938 JuillOr Prom'GoerS
The dance will be open to all student and faculty couples. However, no stags will be allowed, except the cast of “Of Thee I Sing.”
Bob Shinn and his PIA orchestra will play. The dance will last from 3:00 until 5:30 p. m.
Refreshments will be served exclusively for the “Of Thee I Sing” cast.
WSGA Prepares
Counseling Plan
Representative problems of freshmen and transfer women will be dealt with in small round table discussions on May 10, 11, and 12, as part of the WSGA counselor training school this spring.
Georganna Huber, chairman of freshmen orientation, outlined plans for the training school for next year’s mentors to 172 co-eds attending a meeting in the Union recently. Psychological problems of adjustment to University life and study as Well as rooming and social life problems are met by counselors.
Transfer Students
The transfer students do not encounter as many difficult problems as freshmen. They are already accustomed to college life and have developed their own methods of study. Transfer counselors can help them learn the Purdue “ropes.” Study help will be limited to yellowslip recipients. Forty-one girls have signed up for the transfer training school according to Betty Jo Sexton, chairman of transfer orientation. Though much like the freshmen course, it will be shorter. Attend Discussion
Ten teams of the senior flight in the Union bridge tournament semi-finals held last Thursday evening in the Union ballroom qualified for the senior finals. They are Delta Upsilon, Phi\ Kappa Tau, WATO, Easy Aces, Alpha Tau Omega Number 1, Grand Slammers, Tau Epsilon Phi, Purple Green and Gold, Delta Tau Delta, and Kappa Kappa Gamma. The other 10 teams of the senior flight are automatically qualified for the junior finals. Nine teams of the junior flight also qualified.' They were the Alpha Tau Omega Number 2, Chi Rho Aces, Black Aces, Pi Kappa Alpha, Triple X, Four Treys, Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, and Tekes. DU Takes Top Score Top in the senior flight was Delta Upsilon with 14 1-2 matches won. Runners-up were the Phi Delts. Phi Kappa Alpha was first in the junior flight with the Tekes and Phi Psi tied for second place. Senior and junior trophies will be awarded respectively to the senior and junior finals which will be played next Thursday in the faculty reception room of the Union. The following Thursday the winners and runners-up of each flight will play a four team play off to determine the campus champions.
Three Gun Spads
Win In Cempetitien
The military department recently announced the winning squads in the annual expert gun squad competition. The members of the first three winning squads will be awarded medals and citations.
The co-ed would-be counselors will attend President Elliott’s discussion on “Counseling Freshmen in Regard to Purdue” before a meeting of men counselors Tuesday ip Stanley Coulter Hall. Another talk concerning the psychology of aiding new students will follow on May 2.
Wesley Foundation Co-eds Plan Breakfast
Winning squads are the Seventh squad of D-1, the first squad of D-1, and the first squad of H-3. One citation will be awarded, also, to the members of the fifth squad of D-4, the third squad of S-3, and the second squad of H-3, for finishing fourth, fifth, and sixth, in the competition. At the same drill Battery E of the Third Regiment won the dismounted drill competition, and the members of this battery will receive medals and’citations also.
Co-eds of the Wesley Foundation will hold their annual spring breakfast tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock.
Mrs. Jesse Murrell, student secretary of the Women’s Foreign Missionary Society at Chicago, will speak, and a varied program, including music and readings by Opal George and Fairie Totten, will follow. Fourteen senior girls who have been active in the Foundation will be honored.
Alpha Xi Delta ... . . . sorority announced yesterday the approval of the University Board of Trustees for the erection of their new house in the 500 block of University street, next to the Alpha Chi Omega house. The house will be of the English type design, accommodating 34 coeds, and will be ready for occupancy at September registration.
New Hort Wing Will Give Ag Schools More Room
“The curtains will rise on “Ceiling Zero” in Eliza Fowler Hall for the last time tonight in spite of the crashes, crack-ups, mutilations, and deaths of Vic Somogyi and the rest of the actors in previous showings,” stated Gilbert Dunbar Williams, director of the play, last night. “Ini title climax scene several changes have been n^ade that will make the production much more interesting to see,” added Williams.
By Morgan L. Miers “When the second unit of the new Horticulture Building is completed it will provide much needed space for the horticulture and forestry departments,” stated Prof. Laurenz Greene, head of the Horticulture Department, yesterday. “The present building was completed in 1925, and this new $175,000 wing will consist of a full basement and three floors. It is to be 50 feet wide and 126 feet long,” added Prof. Greene. “Enrollment in the forestry school is now between 175 and 200 and increasing each year.” Lab In Basement In the basement will be a laboratory and a refrigerator room. Included in the refrigerator room will be equipment for preserving fruits and vegetables by the quick freezing method. This room will also provide air-conditioned chambers for growing plants under artificial light. On the ground floor will be more laboratories to be used jointly by both departments, and a lecture room seating 376.
700 Couples Take Over Memorial Union Building For Gayest Social Fundion Of School Year
Dancing to the music of Buddy Rogers in the ballroom and Charlie Agnew in the cafeteria, 700 couples reigned supreme in the Memorial Union Building last night during the most elaborate event of the social season—the 1938 Junior Promenade. At 12:30 o’clock the couples joined in a Grand March about the ballroom, led by Prom Queen Virginia Hulse and Committee Chairman Robert Sasser. Rogers announced the procession and introduced the Queen. Behind a low white picket fence, in a garden of colorful flowers, Rogers directed his band in the softly lighted ballroom. The words “Promenade Club" in blue on a pink backdrop extending almost to the ceiling greeted the dancers, while a silhouetted nude provided the central bedecking feature. . Agnew Plays In Cafeteria
Coal Conference Opens Next Weak
A conference dealing with the problems of producers, distributors and users of Indiana coal will be held here next Thursday and Friday. The conference will be sponsored by the school of mechanical engineering and the engineering extension department. Prof. G. A. Yoxmg, head of the school of mechanical engineering, will be in charge of the reception of the delegates. On Thursday Prof. M. B. Serviss of the geology department will speak on, “The Coal Fields of Indiana.” A talk by Max A. Tuttle, combustion engineer from Indianapolis, on “Burning Characteristics of Indiana Coal” will complete the morning’s program.
Degeriig To Speak A! State AChS Meet
Prof. E. F. Degering of the chemistry department will speak at the ninth biennial meeting of the student section of the Indiana division of the American Chemical Society at the Hotel Severin in Indianapolis next Friday and Saturday. Members of the faculty and students attending the meeting will have opportunities to take inspection trips to a number of industrial plants to see theoretical chemistry in actual practice. Trips to the Fairmont Glassworks, Citizens Gas Company, U. S. Rubber Co., Real Silk Hosiery Mills, and the Indianapolis Water Co. are scheduled.
Prof. Estey To Discuss Recovery At AAUP Meet
Laboratories, recitation rooms, and office space will compose the second story. The top floor will consist entirely of office space and a large laboratory to be used by the forestry school. Fruit Research When the new building is completely equipped it will provide for research work with fruits, vegetables, and flowers. This is one of the important contributions being made by the horticulture department. Fruit and vegetable store rooms, fruit nursery and propagation laboratories and facilities for the study of physiology, morphology, and anatomy of horticulture plants will be among the important features of the new building. Laborers Strike The common laborers working on the new building went cm strike April 1. Work was resumed this last Monday and the new unit will be completed by August 1. “Eventually this building and its equipment will compare favorably with the best horticulture research laboratories in the country,” completed Prof. Greene.
Prof.“J. A. Estey, of the history and economics department, will talk to the American Association of University Professors on “Depression, Recovery and Higher Education,” at a dinner meeting in the Home Economics dining room at 6:15 p. m. Wednesday. Prof. Estey will discuss and comment upon the various aspects of interest in the study of business cycles. The nominating committee will also make its report with respect to new officers.
Schenk Will Preview 'Carmen' Tomorrow
Couples swinging to the strains of Charlie Agnew’s music in the cafeteria danced among decorations of pastel shades of crepe paper, emphasizing Purdue’s Old Gold and Black. WBAA did not broadcast from the Union, as permission for such a special airing was not granted by the Federal Communications Commission.
Several extra copies of Exponent’s 8-page Prom souvenir issue are on sale at the west Union desk today.
Booths for fraternities and PIA filled the main lounges, where dancers gathered with their friends— in the main lounge, faculty lounge, and men’s lounge. Doors Guarded All entrances to the Union were carefully guarded by watchful University men who checked on the authenticity of each couple as they entered the building. Dancing continued from 10 p. m. until 4 this morning, although the crowd thinned out a bit toward the early morning hours. Co-eds were granted 5 o’clock hours by WSGA . . . those living in houses which served breakfast could allow their dates to remain until 6 a. m. Prom-goers will continue their gala week-end today with a varied program of events. Baseball, tea dancing, Playshop’s “Ceiling Zero,’* and the post-Prom mixer are all scheduled for today. Further information on these events may be found in this issue.
Frederic To Play At Mixer Tonight
Prom decorations will remain, in the Union ballroom tonight as Marw vin Frederic and his orchestra play for dancers at the post-Prom mixer. Frederic comes here from a recent New York engagement where he played regularly on coast-to-coast NBC broadcasts. The band has also furnished music at the Book-Cadillac Hotel in Detroit and the Commodore Perry Hotel in Toledo. Frederic features Hazel Bruce, who sings with a southern accent, as a soloist with the organization. He also brings with him three male singers. Piano is Frederic’s specialty. The regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail at tonight’s affair.
Miss Rachel Schenk wil speak on the opera “Carmen” at the last meeting of the music appreciation series, tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Union music room. She will give a short sketch of the history of opera and tell of some of the famous modern opera centers. -- The remainder of the lecture will be on “Carmen,” which the San Carlo Opera Company will present at Monday’s convocation. Illustrations with records of the mdst famous parts of “Carmen” and biographical sketches of some of the famous artists who have played in this opera will be shown.
Xi Sigma Pi , . . . national forestry honorary announces the initiation of John Kase, West Lafayette; Ercell Cummins, Connersville; Herbert Eckert, Jasper; W. Chomyak, Manville, N. J.j John V. Clark, Frankfort; W. H. Dix, Sullivan; J. H. Nichols, Connersville; H. J. Sieber, Morristown N. J.; and R. L. Schnell, Indianapolis.
Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, April 26, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President,^diJtffdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dCunufi.
Saturday, April 23, 1938
3[idisthA io jthe £diJtoh Editor's Note: Invitntions to SiRma Dolto Chi’s Gridiron Banquet incinded with them a “Special Awards BalloC’ ^ which were asked nominations for (1) Leather Medal ^Award to the staff mem her who has done most for the Unrver^y darinfT the past year; (2) Good Teacher Award—to the Uniyersity’s best “Good Teacher;’’ (3) Uly Award—to the student with the most social achievements; (4) Gold I^rby Award to the faculty member who loafs most on the job; and (5) BrowTi Derby Award—to the student who g-ets by with the least effortOne faculty member accepted hit) invitation with the request that the following letter be printed; Estey Has Done Most Dear Editor: My nominations for 2, 4, and 5 are of course only in fun. I am, however, serious about Dr. Estey. Why not for once give^ the Leather Medal to a man who is adult and civilized ? Why give it to hom-blowers, publicity-seekers etc? You know as well as I know that most Purdue professors are merely trained; Dr. Estey is not only trained, he is adult mentally and educated. He has done most for Purdue University in the past year merely by being here, in contact with the students. He is not a four-flusher. Although the Associated Press does not often carry his name, although he spends most of his nights on his own mattress (not in Pullmans shuttling back and forth between “meetings”)—although sec-ond-rate people do not know that he is here, he deserves this recognition. I should like to see this letter printed in the Exponent, signed “Faculty member.” Faculty Member.
Short Graduation Parade Will Disappoint Seniors Dear Editor: Arrangements for Baccalaureate and Commencement Day exercises have just been made public; it is this fact which led to the writing of this letter. I have discussed the plan -with not a few faculty members, and all of them asked that this letter be written to represent them. The proposed plan is that the seniors meet in the east end of the Fieldhouse and that the procession march from there to the West entrance and inside, in rows of four abreast. Not a person I have spoken to approves this arrangement. Procession Adds To Honor In the first place, we seniors have worked long and hard to attain graduation, and the procession is part of the traditional honor and pleasure. In this case, it ■will be so short that the first in line will be seated before the last ones start. The beauty and dignity will be destroyed.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
g^iMocinted €foUigsiatr
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at Uie 8i)ecial rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors.-! Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald. B. D. Witwer PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor- J. B. Brock Editor’s Secretary.- Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, 0. D. S<Aroeder, H. L Stanh^k, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroei)lin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. GlllUan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Henaler Circulation Manager — M. O. Reeves MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 Night Editor—Bailey Issue Edlton—Terrio Saturday, April 23, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liefsty
The line of march is also so short that parents will have no opportunity to line up to see it pass, and if they did find a position from which to watch it, with the students four abreast it would be difficult to distinguish individuals. The beauty and impressiveness of the long procession of caps and gowns as well as the division by schools will be missed. Will Rob Parents Of Thrill Parents will have no opportunity to see it pass and then find a seat for the service before the classes enter. In reality, the procession will be over almost before it starts, will deprive parents of the thrill of seeing their children pass, and will lose its traditional dignity and beauty. Is it not possible yet to meet in the gym and then march over to the Fieldhouse from there ? This plan would eliminate most of the objections and yet the procession would take no longer than before. Is not graduation for the benefit of the seniors? We shall be very disappointed if the present plan is carried out. Marjorie McEachron, Sci. ’38.
PROM TIME AGAIN ... . . . and the underclassmen begin to survey the IMPORTS. Not to forget the disappointed CO-EDS, financially shattered upperclassmen, and the steady flow of that rejuvenating liquid. WE WONDER WHY. . . . . . Harry Zink, AGR basketball flash, was working himself to a nub to get Frankie Eastburn’s new Ford so clean the day before Prom. It looks like the kid is on the ball. FOR THE LONG DISTANCE RECORD ... ... we award the prize to Bill Troyer, the Beta’s pride and joy. His import is from FLORIDA, that is he thinks—or should we say he has has hopes. FOR THE BEST PROM RECEPTION ... ... we award the WHOLE Sig-new house for the cooperation they showed Bruse Markel’s import from New York . . . they had the brass band and all the trimmings. WE UNDERSTAND THAT . . . . . . the track men were not allowed to attend the Prom .. . this affected our little freshman co-ed Lynn
‘See! It’s like I told you—he don’t understand women!’
Initiate 22 Geld Pepper Pledges Formal initiation into Gold Peppers, senior women’s honorary, was held Thursday night in the WSGA office of the Union Building for 22 girls. Virginia Slocum, retiring president, was in charge of services. Following the ceremony, the entire group went to the Kappa Kappa Gamma house for dinner. Old members were presented with paddles. New members are: Helen Conver, Ma-y Cooley, Phyllis Crossman, Betty Elstun, Pauline George, Betty Hiner, Peggy Hamilton, Mar-
garet Jones, Dorothea Justin, Betty Klein, Virginia Laramore, Mary Alice Learning, Sally McKee, Kathryn Merritt, Georgianna Pittman, Betty Jo Sexton, Mary Townsend, Eleanor Turner, Martha Whitehead, Martha Wood, Mary Wien, and Georganna Huber.
What, Where, When?
How to ask for a date—and a few dont’s for the business; and then know how to refuse.
Be definite, don’t ask in a general way, and don’t ask a negative question. Never ask “Are you going to be busy?” or “What night shall we see ‘Snow White’ ?” Say “Would you like to go to see ‘Snow White’ with me Monday evening?” Give her a chance to say “yes” or “no.” Never put a question that “maybe” can answer. She in turn should be definite in her answers and always should include an excuse or “I’m sorry” with a refusal.
A larger proprotion of the Oglethorpe University faculty is in “Who’s Who” than any other college in America.
ARC
Goodwin, as Steve Luther, redheaded track star of Theta Xi, was next on her carpet. WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO . . . . . . the Queen of the Ball Jane Ourand. Do you suppose that she has hit that SOPHOMORE SLUMP a
little previous ? IN THE SPRING . . . ... a young man’s fancy turns to —, and as we look around we see our co-eds wearing two pins. It looks like our only chance is a TRADE DINNER.
Periodic System BASED ON ATOMIC WEIGHTS
GROUP
0
I
II
in
IV
V
VI
VII
vin
PERIOD
H
1.008 .
I
He
LI
Be
B
o
N
o
F
SHORT
4.0
6.9
9.0
10.8
12.0
14.0
16.0
19.0
n
Ne
Nd
Mg
A1
SI
P
S
01
SHORT
20.2
23.0
24.8
27.0
28.1
31.0
82.1
86.6
A
E
Od
Sc
T1
V
Or
Ma
Fe Oo HI
m
89.9
39.1
40.1
46.1
47.9
61.0
62.0
64.9
65.8 69 68.7
LONG
Ou
Zn
Gd
Gc
As
Se
Br
63.6
66.4
69.7
72.6
74.9
79.2
79.9
Kr
Rb
Sr
Tt
Zr
Ob
Mo
Ma
Eu Ph Pd
TV
82.9
85.4 -
87.6
88.9
91.2
93.8
96.0
101.7 102.9 106.7
LONG
Ag
Od
In
Sn
Sb
Te
I
107.9
112.4
114.8
118.7
121.8
127.6
126.9
Xe
Sc
Ba
La
HI
Ta
W
Be
Os Ir Pt
V
130.2
132.8
137.4
188.9
178.6
181.4
184.0
186.8
190.8 193.1 195.2
LONG
Au
Hg
T1
Pb
B1
Po
197.2
' 200.6
204.4
207.2
209.0
210.0
—
VI
Rn
Rd
Ac
Th
Pd
U
Ineomplete
222
226
226?
232.1
280?
238.2
—
Courtesy Of
DECKER’S
Books
518-20 Main Gilts — Stationery — Office Equipment — Athletic Outfitters POST ON WALL FOR YOUR CONVENIENCEt.
Saturday, April 23, 1938
THE PURDUE
Spo^iA
EXPONENT
Eoii^rniakers Meat l^innesota Nine, 3-0
Pistol Squad Holds Undefeated Record In Season's Matches By J. S. Brown “We’ve lost only two matches in four years, and we don’t plan on hreaMng our record the rest of this year, ansrway,” said Captain Kay, Purdue’s pistol team coach, when we cornered him on the pistol range yesterday afternoon to find out how his charges were faring in this season’s competition. “Our season won’t be over until about the middle of May, and until then I won’t have the results of all the matches, but I’m pretty sure we’ll be able to finish this season without a defeat,” continued Captain Kay. The team lost one meet last year and one the year before. 16 Matches This year the squad is competing ih 16 collegiate matches, one state championship, and onq national championship. Since the meets are telegraphic, results are not available tmtil from three days to a month after the actual shooting is done. The Gold and Black squad is also competing in a national league of over 80 clubs, composed of both college and non-collegiate teams. These clubs compete in four different divisions: 20 yard slow fire, 50 foot slow fire, 20 yard three stage, and 50 foot three stage.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh 4 0 1.000 New York 3 1 .750 Chicago 2 2 .500 Brooklyn .....2 2 .500 Philadelphia 1 2 .333 Boston - 1 2 .333 St. Louis 1 3 .260 Cincinnati 1 3 .260 Yesterday’s Results V Pittsburgh, 7; Cincinnati, 4. New York, 3; Brooklyn, 2. St. Louis, 6; Chicago, 6. Philadelphia at Boston (rain). AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet.' Chicago 3 1 .760 Boston - 3 1 .760 Cleveland 3 1 .760 Washington 2 2 .600 New York 2 3 .400 Detroit 1 3 .260 St. Louis 1 3 .260 Philadelphia 0 3 .000 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 4; St. Louis, 3. Cleveland, 4; Detroit, 3. New York, 7; Washington, 0. Boston at Philadelphia (rain). In all four divisions the Purdue club is in the first division. Said Captain Kay, “Of course the season isn’t over by a long ways, but I know we’re well up towards the top—I believe it would be safe to say that we’re not lower than fifth in any class.”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Bredewater's Hurling Features Win In Initial Big Ten Game Of Season Purdue’s hard-hitting baseball nine annexed their first Big Ten game of the season, when they defeated Minnesota here yesterday in the opening game of a two game series, 3 to 0. The second game of this series will be played this afternoon at 2:00 o’clock on the baseball field north of the Fieldhouse. Open Strong ^ ‘ T> -1 1 J. 4. J i. ing only three hits to prove a sure The Boilermakers started strong . .. ,, . „ , .4.1. Minnesota jinx, gaining their first run in the opening inning when Dickinson tripled „ .t, 4_ j „ 4.1. 45 X 1.-4. 4! Minnesota AB. R. H. E. with two down for the first hit of „ . n n n i ,, Ti j j XI. • XI, Possum, rf .....3 0 0 1 the game. Purdue scored their oth- - . ■ ’ , « i ^ er two runs in the fourth and sixth “ ■ : " * " } } innings respectively when Mackie- „ ^ « J X T King, If 3 0 1 0 wicz scored on an error, a stolen tx jt ix 9 a a a base and a fielder’s choice, and Dick- . inson scored on a series of errors. ^ „ a a Sobezyk, 3b 3 0 0 0 Bredewater turned in one of the Masologitis, 2b ........ 8 0 10 best pitching exhibitions of his ca- Dvorak, p . . 2 0 0 1 reer to hold the Gophers score- Sowa, p 1 0 0 0 less, fanning 10 men and allowing Johnson, p 0 0 0 0 only three hits. He showed his real _ — — power in the seventh when with Totals 28 0 4.4 three men on and two down, he Purdue AB R. H. E forced Lee to hit to him for the Hearne 2b ..... ...4 0 0 0 final out of the inning.- Dean, rf 4 0 2 0 Use Three Pitchers Dickinson, cf 3 2 10 X X • 1 - 1 X X Mackiewicz, 3b ........ 3 110 Minnesota tried vainly to curb Art Bredewater, c .... S 0 0 1 the onslaught of the Boilermaker ix? 9 n 9 n batsmen, using three pitchers dur- o n n n mg the game. Sowa started the i^Valing lb .... . 3 0 0 0 game for Minnesota but was re- . x ^ o n 1 n 1 45X XI xt X • • , Arn. Bredewater, p....3 0 10 moved after the first inning when • the Boilermakers hit too freely. TAfoia 371 Dvorak replaced Sowa on the hill ^ ^x • • and went SIX innings allowing four qOO 000 000-0 4 4 hits and two runs before he was 100 101 OOx-3 7 1 replaced by Johnson in the final inning. Batteries: ^urfiue, Ai-t BredeYesterday afternoon’s contest water and Arnold Bredewater; Minwas just another game for pitcher nesota, Dvorak, Sowa, Johnson and Arnold Bredewater as he defeated Lindeberg. Wild pitches—Dvorak. Minnesota last season 3 to 1, allow- Hit by pitcher—by Bredewater,
When You Are Sailing Along to Success—
Don’t forget that you can make your school life more enjoyable by spending your spare time in the Union. If you visit the Union at least once a day, you are sure to become better acquainted with the many
at/oi'
Jn £J,J (^oods
We know that secret of adding flavor that makes good bakery products GOOD. Our bread, cakes, and pastries taste like more.
* Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124Stote.W.L ^‘Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^^
services we
offer.
J/UL WjufufiiaL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
\32 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
To assist you with your spring house cleaning send us your rugs and draperies for cleaning. Also your curtains etc. for laundering. You’ll be surprised how well the old rug or drapes will look when we return them to yoii. Phone 3085 for prices on any work you may have in this line. AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Intramurals
TENNIS DOUBLES Today—1:15 p. m. Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Chi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Delta Upsilon vs. SAE. . Theta Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda Sigma Pi vs. ATO or Theta Xi. Phi Kappa vs. Theta Tau or SAM. Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi or TEP.
Archery
w'There will be no archery instruction this year, but boys interested may check out arrows and bow for use on the outdoor range at the south end of Intramural Field. —CLEVETT. St. Paul, Minn., courts and charitable institutions will serve as the laboratory for College of St. Thomas sociology students. Fossum, Kundla. Double plays— Mackiewicz to Waling. Struck out —by Bredewater, 10; by Dvorak, 3; by Sowa, 1. Winning pitcher, Bredewater. Losing pitcher—Dvorak. Three base hits, Dickinson. 'Two base hits—Vernon. Base on balls— off Dvorak, 1. Umpires, Kramer, and McCullough.
Tennis Squad Loses Match to Western State Teachers, 6-3 Led by Captain Milton Rtiehl, the Western State Teachers’ College tennis team defeated the Purdue team six matches to three yesterday, taking four of the six single matches and two of the three doubles. Fuente Wins Herb Fuente, Boilermaker sophomore, provided the best tennis for the home team in copping a three set match from Chandler, 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, in the number two singles. Mann captured the other singles point for Purdue in a three set victory over Vandenberg, while the lone Boilermaker doubles victory was won by Brodsky and Blitz over Sims and Vandenberg. Summary of matches: Singles—^Ruehl (WS) defeated Gardner (P), 6-1, 6-1; Fuente (P) defeated Chandler (WS), 6-4,4-6, 6-4; Olson (WS) defeated Wakefield (P), 7-5, 6-2; Judd (WS) defeated Blitz (P) 6-0, 6-2; Sims, (WS) defeated Traylor (P), 6-l,6-l and Mann (P) defeated Vandenberg (WS), 4-6, 6-0, 6-2. Doubles—Ruehl and Judd beat Gardner and Fuente, 6-2, 4-6, 6-3; Olson and Chandler defeated Wakefield and Traylor 8-6, 6-2; Brodsky and Blitz defeated Sims and Vandenberg 6-2, 6-2,
Service Directory
• io®kst'@res
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H.aREISNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professional The Risk Dental Clmic DH. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
• Ayfo Rental
RENT A CAR Dr\ve It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist ^urch WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
4th <& Main
Phone 5701
DR.A.M.ffiION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 YODER TEACHERS AGENCY (licensed) Free Enrollment Lowest Commission North Manchester, Ind. Especially need Agriculture, Home Economics, Music, Art, Commerce, Industrial Arts, Physical Ed., and Librarians.
• jewelry
r:j.bath Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Poet Office
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
• Fiorfst
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Tin Shop
JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G. Butz, Mgr. Sheet Metal and Furnace Work of All Kinds 104 Main St. Phone 6852
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 Stote-Mcdn, W. L
Printing
SUDDEN SERVICE □
P
RINTING Offlc« SteUoawv. . W«4(llnt InvIUtlou
PHONE - S.I*.iool«.E»c.... 2 6 s • CASSEL'S 4o«FERRy
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop Ik the VARSITY BOOT SHOP^bxatddA,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
%oiicsA.
Saturday, April 23, 1938
Call 6477 Pecker’s 618-520 Main street.
WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST 9:30 a.' m.—Roger Williams Club class, the Pastor will teach. 10:35 a. m.—Message, “After Easter.’’ The choir will sing, “Lo, a Voice to Heaven Sounding” by Bortniansky. B:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club social hour. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Discussion group with Prof. L. Hadley speaking. 7:30 p. m.—Evening preaching service with a message on “What I Want Out Of Life,” a personal testiniony by the pastor.
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN 9:30 a. m.—Discussion group, led by Dr. Graves. 10:45 a. m.—Morning worship, sermon by Dr. Graham. Theme, “Looking Honestly at Religion,” Music by the choir under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart. 6:15 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club supper at 15 cents per plate. Follo\vihg the supper Dr. Graves will lead the group in a study of the objectives of a Religious Program.
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL 10:45 a. m.—Morning prayer and sermon. Sermon topic, “Evidences of the Resurrection.” Young people’s steak fry at Henry
collegiate
nrowERj
SEEDS-
Everything for Flowers and Gardens SPERB HARDWARE S22MamSt;
Miller’s home in the country. Call 3938 for information.
Joe College reads like an eight-year-old third-grader, and at least one college professor is doing something about it. Dr. Emmett A. Betts, of Pennsylvania State College, has conducted exhaustive research which proves his point, and he is now treating 31 students in his “reading clinic.” “Persons who have the reading abilities of children in the third grade of public schools have been found among college students,” Dr. Betts said. “The fact that they are doing acceptable college work, although handicapped by rudimentary reading, is a glowing testimonial to their general intelligence.” C—C—C A statement by a national collegiate church group to the effect that students of today are more studious than their prototypes of 10 years ago and less given to religious skepticism, drinking and moral infraction, elecited the following poem in the Temple University news. Oh see the modern student His books upon his knees; He has no time for pleasure, For pleasure might bring D’s. He never goes to dances, He never takes a drink And through his leisure hours He’ll think and think and think. He’s really quite religious. And not at all a skeptic, He regulates his diet (And still remains dyspeptic) His morals are superb His manners inspiration. For truly he’s a good As gold before inflation. The .En Eifi Ess See says iC— No more shall I amaze When some poor student cries, “Give me the good old days!” C—C—C Gamma Nu’s at the University of Oklahoma have an unwritten code that no girl may date a boy whom a sorority sister is already dating.
METHODIST 8:00 a. m.—Co-eds will meet at the Wesley Foundation House for their semi-annual co-ed breakfast. Tables will be set for 75 with Mi-s. Murrell of Chicago as speaker. 9:30 a. m.—^Rev. McFadden will teach the student men’s class at the West Lafayette Methodist church. 10:40 a. m.—Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach on, “The Unrecognized Christ.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper at the Foundation. 6:30—University Epworth League Discussion on “Boy-Girl Relations in the Light of Christian Ideals,” led by Mrs. W. A. McFadden.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Notices No Notices Accepted After t p.i
Ai)^orf Dance Committee:.. Important meeting in room F of the Union Monday, April 25, at 7 p. m. Everybody please be present. —MORGAN.
Alpha Phi Omega: It is important that all housing survey blanks, completed or uncompleted, be returned to Stover at the Alpha Chi Rho house as soon as possible. (4-26) —WADLEIGH.
Fraternities: You may enter as many two man horseshoe teams as you wish. All teams play Tuesday, April 26, and Thursday, April 28. —BOYER.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, April 24, at 7 :30 p. m. at 12B West Lutz. Bring manu.scriptsi —FELDMAN.
Glider Club: (4-28)
No meeting this week. —MOORE.
TYPING—Theses and term papers—Mary Catherine Garroll. Call 66684 at 1704 South street.
All-Campus Uolt and Tennis: All those interested in participating in the all-campus golf tournament’ or the all-campua tennis tournament, immediately pfty 10c entry fee to the intramural office. (2-24) —CLEVETT.
CHURCH SUPPER—All you can eat for 25 cents. Menu—^baked ham and beans, mashed potatoes, dressing, salad, hot rolls; pie, coffee. Served 5 p. m., April 24. Progressive Spiritualist Church, 810 South street, Lafayette.
Electrical Engineering Seniors: Names appearing on the north bulletin board must comply with instructions in main office before Thursday, April 28, or pictures will not appear on senior hallway panels this year. —EHINGER.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledging ceremony B p. m. Monday, April 26, in room 416 in Chemistry Building. —SANDERS.
For Mother's Day Your Photograph HINEA’S 634 MAIN STREET
FOR SALE—Men’s tuxedo. Size 38 short. $10. Phone 2606.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending April 9, are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
RENT—A new Royal Portable typewriter by the week or month.
Poultry Students: Students who want tickets for the Poultry Banquet please see Jenkins or the. (4-23) —ECHTERLING.
Crown Gleaned Clothes Reduces Risk of Losing Jobs Many a good worker has lost his job because of poor personal appearance. Don't run the risk. Have your
Thousands prefer Crown because garments are Monite moth-proofed.
M E C L E A N E H S O F FINE CLOT H E S WEST LAFAYiTTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
PRACTICAL CHILDREN’S HOSIERY EVERY MOTHER WILL APPRECIATE Properly Sized and Better Made Hosiery in Both Anklets and Knee Length They are made to fit —not stretched to size. Materials used are best grade lisle yarn. Four-ply heels and toes for hard wear —• elastic top, assuring snug fit. A children’s hose mothers have been looking for. A Big Selection of Patterns and Colors 19c - 25c - 35c - 50c the pair
THiEHE & WAN6ERIH CO New Location 622<-S2B Main St.
Chesterfield opens the season with more pleasure and gives millions of smokers the same play every day ... and you’ll want to hear Paul Douglas broadcasting the scores and highlights of the games—Lefty Gomez, first guest star. It’s always more pleasure with Chesterfields ... more pleasure for listeners i . . more pleasure for smokers. Chesterfield's mild ripe tobac* cos—home-grown and aromatic Turkish—and pure cigarette paper,,. the best ingredients a cigarette can have . .. THEY SATISFY.
Copyright 1938, Liggett & Mvers Tobacco Co,
in Cheste^ields milder better taste