l>
Z-ltf
Exponent
Volume 51. No. 176
Soturdby. May 11. 1940
University Will Honor Mothers Today, Tomorrow
May Queen Elliott Will Crown Her May Day Court
Ellen Kepner May
. . . Ellen Kepner, will reign over the finals of the University Sing tonight at 7 o’clock with . . .
ront lashes • Ctiamberlain Resigns London, England, May 10—Neville Chamberlain tonight resigned as British prime minister and was succeeded by Winston Churchill, former first lord of the admiralty. In addressing the empire just after his lesignation, Chamberlain told his countrymen; “You and I must now put all our strength behind the new government . . . and we must fight until this sa,vage beast who has sprung out of his lair at us is finally overthrovm.” He then went on to cite Hitler’s “hoirrible crimes.” It is the first time in Churchill’s political career that he has headed a new government. The make-up of the new government is doubtful, but it is expected to include David Lloyd George, Britain’s war-^prime minister. • Cabinet Changed Paris, France, M^iy 10—Premier Reynaud tonight announced a reoiganization of the French Cabinet. The reorganization which was deemed necessary in the face of the German drive to the west, included all political parties in the cabinet. • Dutch Repulse Troops Rotterdam, The Netherlands, May 10—It was reported late today that Germany’s plane and parachute ti oops, in an attempt to force their way through Rotterdam, were driven back into a dangerous position by the attacks of Dutch troops and artillery. • Belgians Halt Drive Pans, France, May 10—Belgium advance lines near the German frontier have halted the enemy drive, according to Le Temps in a release from Brussels. The dispatch reported that Belgian soldiers were rounding up German parachute troops. • Britain Enters Belgium With the British Expeditionary Force in France, May 10—British forces are moving rapidly across Belgium to meet the German invaders. Correspondents report that aimored cars, and motorcycle troops were among the long line of forces moving to the battle front. o Encounter Invaders Pans, France, May 10—French troops for the first time have contacted German advance elements on the Luxembourg border, it was reported tonight. It was also reliably reported that allied airplanes shot down thirty German planes during the day’s activities.
Day Queen Tonight Tonight at 7 o’clock in the Hall of Music, President E. C. Elliott will crown Ellen Kepner queen of WSGA’s May Day. Immediately following the coronation the Queen and her court will reign over the finals in the University Sing. Miss Kepner, dressed in white marquisette, will hold court in a terraced bower, while her six attendants will wear gowns of pastel shades. Dressed in gowns similar to that worn by the Queen, the two five-year-old flower girls, Karen Skiver and Gretchen Risk, will carry baskets filled with rose petals. Musical backgrbund for the program will be furnished by the University orchestra and Evelyn Gullion and Jean Miller, harpists. WSGA members in charge of May Day are Mary Ellen Scarff, chairman; Alberta Densford, program; Jane Van Gorkhom, decorations; Mary Reuther and Gloria Erickson, flowers; Sue Webb, Jean Horn, Dorothy Vermillion, and Ruth Stephenson, costumes; Paula Zwierlein, WS GA president, general phairman; and Miss Eleanor Tilford, head of the Women’s Residence Hall West, advisor. WSGid To Present May Day Corsages To Senior Women By Ruth Rose Many years ago it was a custom in many countries to celebrate May Day by placing baskets of spring flowers on the doorsteps of all the houses in the towns and villages. This was usually done by the childlen of the town very early in the morning of the first day of May. Since that time, however, the custom has gradually been forgotten and often very little notice is made of May Day. Today, for the first time, this ancient custom will be revived here. In keeping with their general observance of 5V[ay Day, WSGA sent corsages of lovely spring flowers to all senior women this morning. The corsages were made and delivered by a committee of WSGA members including Gloria Erickson, Mary Reuther, Marijean Hutchison, Gene Taylor, Bunny Evans, Alice Reed, Janet Kendall, Agnes McCullough, Thelma Cox, Mary Elizabeth Overton, Lenore Hoffer, Audry Auch, and Barbara Fellows. Broadcast Cancelled Campus Varieties, regular Saturday WBAA feature, will not be broadcast this afternoon because of the Purdue-Illinois baseball game broadcast, Hank Miller, Campus Varieties master of ceremonies, announced yesterday.
Luncheon Will Open Program Dedicated To Visiting Mothers University will open its Mother’s Day program this noon with a luncheon and program in the south ballroom of the Union. President E. C. Elliott and Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, will speak at the luncheon, which is planned especially for students and their mothers. However, other members of the families are invited to attend. Tickets may be purchased for seventy-five cents at the registration booths in the Union. - Reception In Union
.. . which is composed of the following: back row standing, left to right, Mary Petticrew, Marge Stocker, Peg Little; front row seated, Ann Sickman, Caroline Scott, Louise Schickler, Treva Berry, Alice Martens.
Mortar Board R Q T C National
Pledges Nine Mortar Board, senior co-ed scholastic and activity honorary, announces the pledging of the following girls: Ruth Bennett Joyce Burnham Georgia Carroll Merle Hagemeyer Jean Jones Virginia Royce Beth Simpson Margaret Terstegge Paula Zwierlein Formal pledging will be held at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the Union ballroom by the present Mortar Board active members. Knipp Wins First Annual Campus Checker Tourney Wendel Knipp was crowned campus checker champion by virtue of winning the first annual checker tournament sponsored by the Student Union. The tournament has been in progress for the past week. Knipp has played in state checker tournaments and is city checker champion of Hammond. The following entered the contest: John Griswold, S. B. Legg, Elmer Barth, Foirest Prater, A. L. Myers, Stanley Czyz, Leslie Danford, Paul Boynton, J. Gershuny, Wendel Knipp, John Bellinger, L. T. McMurtrey, Henry Agonis, John Jarrett, Bill Weinbach, Russell Cedars, Kenneth Weaver, and Kenneth Young. Those entering the semi-finals were: Legg, Czyz, Cedars, Danford, Knipp, Bellinger, Agonis, Weinbach, and Prater. Those who survived to the final round were: Czyz, Agonis, Prater, and Knipp.
Inspection Ends; Results 'In Month' University ROTC Corps’ annual national inspection ended yesterday afternoon after two days of intensive inspection by natior^al army officers. The two day period was climaxed by the review of the Corps witnessed by 2,500 persons and conducted by governmental and army officials Thursday afternoon on Inti amural Field. Inspection opened officially Thursday morning at 8 o’clock with a review of elementary gunnery given by freshmen, and continued throughout the morning with quiz sessions, anr inspection of the Armory by the visiting officers at 10, and the inspection board’s call on President E. C. Elliott at 11:15. Frosh Review History The afternoon’s program was filled by the review. Yesterday morning the inspection opened at 8 o’clock with the questioning of a freshman section on military history and policy and obligations of citizenship. The questioning continued throughout the day, and included the quizzing of junior sections on aerial photograph reading, defense against chemicals, conduct of fire, and fire commands. Topo Questions Sophomore sections in topography were quizzed on fire control instruments, battery communications, and the calculation of firing data during yesterday morning’s sessions. In the last session of the afternoon, which concluded the period of the inspection, a senior section was reviewed on military law. According to ROTC Corps officers, the result of the inspection and national grading of the University Corps will be received in “about a month.”
Tickets On Sale Until Tonight For Mother's Breakfast Tickets for the Mother’s Day Breakfast tomorrow morning from 8:30 to 9:30 o’clock in the east and west faculty lounges of the Union must be bought by Saturday night, the Mother’s Day Breakfast committee announced last night. The tickets are 45 cents each, and can be obtained by the mothers at the registration desk in the Union when they register for the Mother’s Day celebration. Contrary to the erroneous statement made yesterday morning in the Exponent, the breakfast is not only for independent student’s mothers, but is open to everyone on campus including mothers, daughters, sons and fathers. The breakfast will be over in time for the YWCA’s special service in honor of the mothers which will start at 9:30 a.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, the committee said. Residence Hall Formal Closes Social Season Last night the Women’s Residence Halls finished their formal social calendar for the year with a spring formal held in both ballrooms of the Union. Music was furnished by Jack Davis and his orchestra from the University of Illinois. The girls and their escoi’ts attended a dinner at the halls before the dance. Dui ing the dance, the residence hall paper was distributed, Decorations for the dance followed the general theme, the Isle of May. A reception for faculty members and mothers present was held in the Chestnut room from 10 to 11 p.m. Wesley Foundation Plans Mother's Day Breakfast The Wesley Foundation will serve its annual Mothers’ Day breakfast on Sunday morning at 8 a.m. at the Foundation House, 436 State St. Members and friends are invited to come and bring their guests. There will be a brief program of music and informal talks. Students who wish to bring their mothers are asked to call 6261. The cost will be ten cents per person.
Survey Reveals Interesting Employment Prospects
' By' Bill Heaton “This year’s employment situation represents a very decided improvement over similar statistics of a year ago,” said Personnel Director J. E. Walters as he revealed the lesults of a recent survey among senior job-seekerS. The survey made in the early part of April, indicated that 28 per cent of the senior engineers, taking all engineering schools together, had accepted jobs for the coming year. This represents an increase of 13 per cent over the number employed last year at this time. Science School Tops Others In the science school, the survey shows that 30 per cent of the
seniois have accepted offers for next year’s jobs. This figure not only replesents an increase of 18 per cent over the results of the Apnl, 1939, survey, but also tops the percentage of seniors employed from any other school. The suivey reveals approximately the same employment percentages for the home economics and agx’iculture schools. With an increase of 12 percent over figures of the survey of one year ago, 19 percent of the seniors in these schpols have already received employment. Average Increase of 10 to 15'/z Figures for employment of pharmacy seniors stand about the same as last year, with possibly a slight
decrease. Taking the average of employment figures in all schools reveals a total increase of 10 to 16 per cent over the average of last year’s survey. Dr. Walters stated that the increases were occasioned by better business conditions caused, especially, hy the intense manufacture of war products. “Next Pew Years Prosperous” He also mentioned that personnel men from the various concerns had expressed the opinion that the next few years would be properous ones. As has always been the case, a decline in business has meant a decline in the employment of techni-
cal men. The natural lag in the relationship of business to employment accounts for the fact that the growth of business in the last few years is just beginning to show itself in the increased employment of technical men. $125 Per Month An item of interest to all is the average starting .^lary. This year it is approximately $125, a decrease of five dollars from last year’s average. However, the increase in the number of seniors now employed so greatly offsets this decrease in starting salary, that it can be truly said: “things aie looking up.”
At two o’clock, mothers will be entertained at the preliminaries of the University sing in the new Hall of Music, Following the sing a reception line, composed of President and Mrs. Elliott, Dean Stratton, Dean M. L. Fisher, and the heads of the various schools, will be formed from 4 to 5:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. The program for the reception will consist of the introduction of Mortar Board pledges, two numbers by the modem dance group and songs by the men’s Glee Club. Tea will also be served. Following the tea and reception the mothers will be guests at the fraternities, sororities, Cary Halls, and Women’s Residence Halls for supper. University Sing Finals The evening’s activities will open at 7 p.m. with the finals of the University sing in the Hall of Music. As part of the program for the sing. President Elliott will crown May Queen Ellen Kepner, Play Shop’s “Fresh Fields” at 8:30 p.m. and a Mother’s Day mixer at 9 p.m. will close today’s entertainment. Program for tomorrow will open with a breakfast for all mothers in the faculty lounge of the Union. Following the breakfast, YWCA will sponsor a service in Eliza Fowl-
MOTHER’S DAY PROGRAM Saturday, May 11 12:00 p.m.—Luncheon and Program, Union Ballroom 2:00 p.m.—University Sing, Preliminaries, Music Hall 4:00 p.m.—Union Reception and Tea, Main Lounge, Union Building. 5:30 p.m.—Dinner Hour 7:00 p.m.—University Sing, Finals, Music Hall 8:30 p.m.—Playshop 9:00 p.m.—Mother’s Day Mixer, Union Ballroom Sunday, May 12 8:30 a.m.—Breakfast —. Faculty Lounge 9:30 a.m.—YWCA Service for Mothers, Dr. L. R. Gilbreth, speaker. 11:00 a.m.—Religious Services, Lafayette and West Lafayette Churches 2:30 p.m.—Gymkhana, Intramural Field, by Purdue Riding Club.
er Hall at 9:30. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will speak on “The Art of Living,” and music for the occasion will be furnished by the Concert Choir. From Fowler Hall From 9:10 to 9:30 and again from 10:15 to 10:45, Mrs. Joe Ragains, wife of the assistant music director, will play on the celeste from the top of Fowler Hall. The music will be broadcast across the campus by two loud speake/s. Rounding out the Mother’s Day week-end, the University Biding Club will present their annuhl Gymkhana on Intramural Field at 2:30 p.m. Purdue Christian . . . Foundation will hold Open House for students and their parents tomorrow from 2:30 to 5 p.m. at the home of the student pastor, Rev. J. H. Reynolds, 126 Chauncey Ave. A program has been'plahped and there will be refreshments served.\ ‘
-,ft<»
PUBDDE BXfONENT
Saturday/ May U< 1940 IMI Ml^ift
<K ii
“So I Sez To The Cook...”
We like people who disregard convention and do what they want to do. The other day we were down in the bowling alleys trying to raise our record of 108 when wfe ran across a young lady that restored our faith in human nature. She was trying to bowl, without much success, in a pair of high heeled shoes. * ♦ ♦ There is nothing so futile. ♦ ♦ * After about four frames she had accumulated the grand total of 25 points and her friends were beginning to make fun of her, so she took off her shoes and bowled in her stocking feet. 4c 9|c % She almost beat our record. * * Then there was the young lady at the Music Hall opening who kept trying to straighten her skirt. Between every number she would hop up and straighten it, but every time she stood up so did the seat. Then when she sat down it would wrinkle all over again. It was all very discouraging. Monotonous, too. * * She kept it up through seven encores. * ♦ * There is a saying that half a loaf is better than none, but how about lawnmowers. Yesterday we came across a little man mowing the grass. He would whip along cutting the grass under the iron fence by the Union, detouring for the posts. He had a lawnmower, but the
Purdue Exponent R. E. Inslcy Edllor^ii'CWef W. E. Smith BasineM Manager D. G. Teirrio, editorial director; Q. W. ^r^eriek, xnanagine editor; K M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-«d editor; B.’Jenkins, sports editor. ^tered as second class matter at the post oflteo In Eafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of jMaroh 8, 1879, and at the Special rote of postage, provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorued JanuoVy 20. 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for ?3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are writteif by the editorial director. Night Editor, Parka Day Editor, McClintock Issue Editor, Amos Saturday, May 11, 1940
lawnmower was only half there. Reminded us of the story of Solomon dividing the baby. * sS ♦ Or maybe it was a split personality. * * * Tomorrow is Mother’s Day. Some people say that man’s best friend is his dog. We stick with the bunch who claim a man’s best friend is his mother. Motherhood is a wonderful institution. No fellow should be without one.
University Fraternity Member Answers Croessmann's Challenge Ed. Director’s Note: This article was written in answer to the condensation of a prize-winning speech by Dwight Croessman, student at Northwestern University. Croessmann’s article, reprinted from the Intercollegian, appeared in the Exponent last Tuesday. We neither condemn nor condone the complete statements of either Croessmann or McKillip, author of this article, but both men bring out points worthy of thoughtful consideration insofar as college life is concerned.
Had not Mr. Dwight Croessmann stated that he was a frateimity man, I would be tempted to cry “sour grapes.” But Mr. Croessmann did say that he was a fraternity man, carefully avoiding any names, addresses, or telephone numbers. Perhaps his attitude, which is an extremely sour attitude, is due to the fact that he made, shall we say, an unfortunate affiliation ? We cannot brand Mr. Croessmann as a radical, however, as this is a democracy and every man has a right to express his opinion. But we can say that perhaps he is a little unfair in intimating all fraternities are selfish, snobbish, indifferent, and self-centered. I’m afraid that he cannot select two ot three fraternities, set them up as criteria, .and say, “This is what all fraternities are like.” Nor can he expect us to accept his views because of this fact. He begrudges us our fine organization. By fine organization, I mean our degree of intensity of organization. He rips us up and down because we are successfully active in campus politics and activities. Are we to be condemned because we are active ? Are we to be condemned because we do get in and pitch when election time comes around. There are many occasions when we are beaten out of an office by an independent. But instead of the frown which Mr. Croessmann accuses us of wearing in the presence of independents, we choose to extend right hands in hearty congratulations. We work together with the independent organizations for the good of our university, respective fraternities, and independent clubs. Mr. Croessmann inserted, what he intended to be pathos, but which turned out to be an amusing note in his speech, when he mentioned the sad, sad story of the farmer boy being refused admission to pledgeship. I can’t see why he selected a farmer boy unless it’s because they are extremely rare at Northwestern. I extend an invitation to you, Mr. Croessmann, to come and
IM Schedules
TENNIS Saturday,' May 11 1 • 16 p m.— An-CampuB Stettner vb SchalHol or Kalbileisch Shafer vs May Waddington vs Frye W. L. Vaughn vs Mees Stroup vs Mangold B. H. Vaughn vs Tewksbury H. Deutman vs Bloestein Mclnerney vs Van Camp Metzger vs Baughman or J. P. Henson dasB "A” Doubles — 1:16 p.m. Sigma Nu vs Delta Upsilon Tan Kappa Bpsilon vs Theta Tau Sigma Pi vs Phi Delta Theta Sigma Chi vs Alpha Tau Omega GOLF Championship Flight (18 holes) Gossett. R. K. vs Voinoff, S. E^ekey, Red vs. EverB, Bud. Lad^n, M. B. vb Jones, R. C. Spangler, R. E. vs Sarginspn, F. T. Imhon, Larry vs. Dittmer. D. R. Shook. H. R. vs. Hufstater, K. E. Reiley, T. D. vs. Condon, W. E. King, D. L. vs. Coombs, J. M. “A” Flight (18 holes) Childers, Q. A. vs. Dorr, D. A Reese, F. vs. Polk, C. A. Taube, Mel vs. Kona, Steve. Palmer, C. E. vs. Canham, R A. Parson, J. F. vs. Esping, E. D. Sanders, W. J. vs. Lehr, Ralph. Riehard^n, F. C. vs. Mobs, Paul. Bauman, R. E. vs. Benna, Joe. “B” Flight (9 holes) Peterson, H. L. vs. Neutzel. '91. A. Dwyer, P. 'W. vs. Orlowski, W. Swab, B. F. vs. Van Brunt, H. Gipe, W. D. vs, Ryan, B. Burnham, E. H. vs. Weinshanker, B MaaUw. j. 0- ve. Art*. Dick. Obrien, J. E. vs Overly, J
“C” Flight (9 holes) Allen, Homer vs. Kamisky, Joe. Kruntz, R. A. vs. Gregory, J. Haas, R. S. vs. Primeau, L. E. Hamilton, G. E. vs. Shaw, J. H. Miller, D. W. vs. Koschmann, R. Clevett, M. L. vb. Suneson, T. J. Barnes, B. vs. Brand, R. A. Stewart, J. S. vs. Stegman, N. A.
UAsa
— 5 BIG DAYS — Starts TODAY
A New Miss America and Mister Melodg.. They’re the seetson's SING-SATIONSn
Chailes El W1NNIN6ER • BRENDEL
I WBAA I SATURDAY \ 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carol3m Wood—soprano 11:30—High School Guest 12:00—Markets 12:15—The Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Tune Time—Charles Powell 1:00—Radio Stage ^ 1:30—Mother’s Day Program 2:00—Stamp Club 2:15—Monitor Views the News 2:30—Idelody Maids 3:00—Campus Varieties
Tulane University engineering students have constructed a working model of the spillway of the $12,000,000 Conchas dam.
Classified Ads
FOR BALE for SALE — Tnwwritar*. AU ■tondnrd and pertaM*. told, pnrehaatd, ranted and repaired. New portable ntaeMnee at low at $29.76. SnppUet. C. F. EbertkeS, 606 Main atreet.
visit our campus and take careful notes on the number of organized farmer boys. But Mr. Croessmann’s farmer boy angle had a serious side to it, also. Fraternities differ in personalities. Some houses prefer to take in the studious type, while others lean toward party boys, still others make an effort to get as many athletes as possible. There you have the three major classifications. There are others, to be sure, but those are three into which most of us would fall. I might explain here, that the term “party boys” does not mean drunkard, nor an extreme socialite, but merely good old-fashioned, average, American boys. If Mr. Croessmann’s farmer boy, or any boy for . that matter, doesn’t measure up to certain requirements and specifications set up by the fraternity, can we be blamed for saying that we are sorry? K we didn’t we would certainly be hurting the boy more than helping him. When we select a candidate, we don’t look at his clothes, nor the way he combs his hair or ties his tie. We attempt to look into the boy himself. True, in some cases we don’t see the potential possibilities of a man, but we don’t claim to be infallible. We’re not afraid to undertake the rehabilitation of a boy’s personality. We are not afraid to accept the responsibilities placed on us when he accepts our pledge pin. On the contrary. That is the purpose of a fraternity. We offer advantages that independents, unfortunately, are unable to obtain. -We encourage good study habits and try, in cases where help is needed, to lend a helping hand. Our interest is not mercenary, but can be expressed as a desire to make sure that we will have for fraternity brothers, those men that we have pledged. Incidentally, interest in averages, which Mr. Croessmann thinks is stressed entirely too much, can’t be limited to fraternity men. It seems to he a universal campus habit. If we are wrong in offering advantages, lending helping hands, and doing ,those innumerable other things which we feel are beneficial to our freshmen, than we shall continue to do wrong because we have had such favorable results. In closing, I want to ask a question. Can you say that you are proud to be a fraternity man ? Can you say that you are a better man in many ways because of the help of the fraternity ? Can you say that you are striving, as those ahead of you did, to maintain the high standards of your fraternal organization? Can you say that the worth of the fraternity training is now, and ■n^ill be for the rest of your life, invaluable ? I can, and do, in the most emphatic manner I am capable of. James W. McKillip ’42. Delta Upsilon Fraternity.
FOB SALE— 1 h. p. motor scooter. 100 miles per gallon. Call 8863. Dewitt. Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, TENNIS RACKETS and squash rackets RESTRUNG and reiiaired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 65882. 224 Waldron St,
For Sale: One Lot High Grade Photographic :^uipment, including camera, enlarger, spotlight, tanks, films, paper, etc. Ph. 61261.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Oar Service. Cars lor all occasions. Uln. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644. LOST AND FOUND Lost: Theta Chi Fratemitr Pin. Call 6065. Reward.
Lost: Law-business by Spencer. Phone 66021.
Will whoever claimed grey topcoat at Lafayette Country Clnb call 6827. Mixup on coats.
Lost: Saturday night at Music Hall — Brown suede gloves—16 inches long. Please mail to Mrs. Marian M. Smith; 2421 W. Jackson, Muncie, Indiana. Sender will be reimbursed.
LOST—A green striped Parker lifetime pen. Lost in the English building. Reward. Phone 4079. Bet^ Jane Pickard.
Notic@s
Freshmen Engineers: Engineering lectures will not meet today. May 11. Meetings will eb held on Saturday, May 18. —KNAPP.
Outing Clnb: All members and all persons interested in the Outing Club are urged to attend the next business meeting of the club on Monday, May 13, in room 261 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. The constitution and the next outing will be the main business under consideration. —CORDUA.
EE Seniors: All students wishing to have their picture included in the 1940 class picture please fill out the form provided in the main office of the electrical engineering building. Please do this promptly. —STRADLING.
One Boston University student will win a trans-Atlantic phone call with a leading European statesman in a contest to create interest in a Finnish relief campaign.
—Starts SUNDAY-
FORIY lIYf LE IIQTIIEIIS
JUDITH ANDERSON Rin JOHNSON ■ RONITAGRANVIIU 4AST TIMES TODAY—
*H0USE^ VFSeVEN
\LES^
—LAST TIMES T
SMk AND dIUR it
■yUchty
‘Any fella with holes like this in his socks oughta either get married or divorced!
Chemistry 29 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday, May 18, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. McBEB.
bers and guests is lequebted.
-BARSS.
Gimlet Pledges: Meet at SPE house on Monday, May 13, at 8 p.m. for initiation. Bring supplies plus towel. Actives be there too. —FRAZEE.
Westminster Club: There will be a skating party tonight at 7:30. Those attending will come to Westjninbter House at 7 p. m. Those taking cars will be admitted free. —THOMAS.
Freshman Union Workers: Come to the workshop as soon as possible after 2 p.m. Monday, May 13. —BROOKS.
PIA Chrous: Meet in room 307 promptly at 1:20 p. m., Saturday, May 11. Wear dark suits and white shirt-s. Group will sing in Hall of Music at 2:50 p. m. —ARCHIBALD.
Stage, Stump, Studio: Tickets for Stage, Stump, Studio banquet may be obtained at Playshop, WBAA and Debate offices. —HULTGREN.
Gala Week Committee: Meet ip southwest lounge at 4 :15 p. m., sharp, Monday, May 13. Short but important. —ARCHIBALD.
Women’s Class Baseball: Practice at 4 p. m., Monday, May 18, and Tuesday, May 14. Two practices ai-e required. —PIDGEON.
SCA Members: Skating party Saturday, May 11. Meet at Glenwood co-op house at 10 p. m. No admission charge for those who drive; those who have cars are urged to drive. —McLANE.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, May 12, at 7 :30 p. ni., in room 303 of the Union. Guest meeting. Members bring manuscripts. —MONROE.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges: Imperative meeting in lower lounge Cary Hail North. 1 p.m., Sunday, May 12. I —CHAMBERS.
Christian Science Organiitation; Regular meeting will be held room 308 of the Union, Tuesday evening. May 14, at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Reamers: Important meeting Monday, May 13, at 8 p. m., in room 303 of the Union. Please bring money for reflectors. —BOHLIN.
Seabury Club: Those wishing to go on the joint picnic with the Presbyterian Young People’s group please get in touch with Mr. Thornton or Walter Barss. Cars will leave Presbyterian church. West side, at 3 p. m. Sunday, May 12. A good turnout of mem-
Purdue Agriculturist: All reservations for the Agriculturist banquet to be held Monday evening, May 13, must be made by 12 o’clock noon Saturday, May 11. I —BURBRINK.
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:00 P. M.
M&imd a Baby PRISCILLA LANC WAYNE MORRIS JANE BRYAN EDDIE ALBERT JANE WYMAN RONALD REAGAN and PETER B. GOOD (Brother Mouie) Smiles Funnier Than Their Other Wacky Mugih Hitf
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE CHARLES BICKFORD — IN — Thou Shalt Not Kill — PLUS — MIDNIGHT LIMITED — WITH — JOHN KING
SUN. - MON.—2 Features
MsMORGJUl-MiPAYIIE-IWiMIUOJI — IT'S FIRST RUN HIT — PLUS—2ND feature ifELl
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES RAY MILLAND ELLEN DREW — IN — "French Without Tears" — ALSO — ROY ROGERS in "Saga of Death Valley"
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY
RICHARD ARLEN . ROCHELLE HUDSON MARIAN MAR5H . ISABEL JEWELL A COLUMBIA PICTURP
AND-
—^wlth— JOHNNY MAC BROWN — ALSO —
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— NURSE EDITH CAVELU OUR LEADING CITIZENi t#
Sbiurdoy, May U, 1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
mini Swamp Boilermakers 2M3 In Baseball' Marathon
Boilermaker Trackmen To Face mini At Champaign Facing what will probably be the toughest pair of their outdoor dual endeavors, the Boilermaker track forces will meet the University of Illinois at Champaign this afternoon. The Kiveters have already chalked up decisive victories over Wayne, Michigan State, and Chicago in dual engagements, but are expecting the mini to provide much more formidable opposition, mini Good ——. ■
The Orange and Blue squad has been over'whelming in just about everything that has gotten in their way this spring, and except for a defeat at the hands of Michigan have a clean slate for the present outdoor season. And as far as being beaten by the Wolverines is concerned, that has more or less been taken for granted in the Big Ten during the past few years. Coach Hermon Phillips anticipates a nip and tuck struggle that may hinge on second and third places. Among the outstanding point possibilities for the Boilermakers will be Ed Holderman in the halfmile and mile runs; a trio of quar-ter-milers that includes Anthony, Captain Shackleton, and Fisher; Stroyack and Dave Rankin in the hurdles; Forest Weber in the shot put and discus throw; Vollmer in the javelin toss; Edwards in the pole vault; and Tykocki in the dash events and broad jump. Hot Mile Ed Holderman, who has turned in the fastest collegiate mile of the season when he trotted off a 4:13.2 at the Michigan AAU meet, will find plenty of competition today in the mini’s Park Brown. Park ripped off a 4:18 mile last week and is expect-
Food to Enjoy!
Whether it's a tasty snack or a complete man sized meal—^you'll find it cooked to perfection, of choicest ingredients when you come to THE COFFEE SHOP. There's a tempting home-made goodness about everything served there. Why not make eating here one of your pleasant habits.
JhsL PWvdjUSL ^yyismsfihxL lAnwfL The Comer of the Campus^ ' Yet the Center of AetiviUeB
J>uddsuiA
ed to give the home fans plenty to cheer about this afternoon. The quarter mile this afternoon should provide quite a contest with Downs of Illinois, and Anthony and Captain Shackleton of the Boilermakers chasing each other around the oval. The Illini lad has sped the distance in slightly over 48 seconds, while the two Riveters have been coming mighty close to that figure lately. Hurdles If previous times mean anything in the hurdles, the local lads ought to pick up a first and possibly a second place. Stroyack has sped over the lows in 14:9 while the best Illini time is 15 seconds flat, and just to make things a little more decisive there is always .Dave Rankin. Dave qualified for the 440 yard hurdles at the Drake Relays, and then last week engaged in a decath-lon-like performance when he personally garnered 14 points against Chicago. Forest Weber has beep showing steady improvement in the shot put, hitting consistently around 48 feet, while last Saturday he tossed the discus slightly over 134 feet. In the javelin throw, Vollmer, al-
0hoiai
9r Mfwt i. VuekMti SORRY MESS A blitzkrieg really blitzed in the local ball-yard yesterday when Illinois’ baseball sluggers slaughtered the Boilermakers in a game that would just about fit the well-known “Anything can happen at Purdue.” —^fc— The Illini didn’t hesitate very long to jump on Bob Bailey, Boilermaker starter, and, before the righthander could catch his breath, the murderous visitors had socked the righthander for four runs. —^fc— During their warmup for what was coming later, the Illinois team, coached by Wally Roetgerz, erstwhile major league star, scored eight runs in a trio of frames . . . Then in the fourth, it blitzed . . . Home runs, triples, singles, HPB’s, and what-have-you made the scorekeeper’s book turn black with divers scoring marks . . . And it all happened with two men out. —^fc— Although the Indians pounded a parade of Riveter pitchers, some fielding on the part of the Purdue men aided in poor Illinois’ cause. Fly., balls., were., misjudged Grounders fumbled . . . Poor defensive work all the way round, both infield and outfield . . . Truthfully, it turned out to be a sorry mess. —^fc— Maybe the 16-1 win over Wabash Wednesday put too much confidence into the wearers of the Gold and Black ... As for that we would hardly say yes or no, but it was a fact that the Boilermakers were off form as a fodr-sided triangle. —^fc— Enough of the nasty stuff and over to something pleasant . . . We just couldn’t help but admire Illin-
though he has yet to hit top form, already has a competitive mark of 175 feet, while Tykocki, who doubles in the dashes and broad jump, should be good for around 23 feet I)roviding he recovers from an ankle injury.
A LoRRAlN-e
Nightie
Designed with ell the femininity of this glemorous period — full flare gored sicirt edged with myriads of graceful scallops. Beautiful satin banded Lorraine Trique Stripe fabric noteworthy for its long wear. ‘ Colors: Blue and Maroon.
THIEME & WAMGERIN CO 622-626 Main St.
Golf Squad Faces Mich. State Today Hoping to garner their second victory of the year and their first since returning from the sunny south, the Boilermaker golf squad will face the Michigan State Spartans on the local links this afternoon. The Riveters picked up their lone victory when they defeated the University of Tennessee during spring vacation, and since then have been manhandled by Notre Dame, Ohio State, and Illinois. The same team that has been trotting the fairways for coach Harry Allspaw will face the invaders today. IM Schedule BASEBALL Monday, May 13 Diamond 1 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Tau Delta Alpha Chi Rho vs Acacia Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Delta Chi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Chi vs Phi Delta Theta Theta Tau vs Phi Kappa Sigma Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Beta Theta Pi Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Tau Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Sigma Phi
Exciting envy and admiration —your cool, distinguished Fortune Shoes. Patterned after custommade originals, they reveal their ancestry in the "antiqued” treatment, the fresh white Shubuck, and smart, refreshing comfort. Get yours today.
.00
$4
B & W Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St.
Long Hits, Errors, Walks Make Game Wild Three-Hour Affair
By ROLFE JENKINS, Exponent Sports Editor
Snow and rain have played havoc with a formidable Boilermaker baseball schedule for several weeks, but yesterday the the gods held back their tears and let the Illini take the rains. The result was a supersoaking three-hour scoring shower in which the visitors crossed the plate 21 times while the Gold and Black squad with a desperate rally came back with 13 runs. Scoi’ebooks were splattered with ______________________________
names and symbols unlike anything which has been recorded in them for years. It was the sixth conference triumph for the visitors and the fourth loss in six Big Ten games for Purdue, but it wasn’t just another spirited contest. It had nearly everything, from the first single shortly after four o’clock to the last
strike out after dusk.
ois’ first baseman Bill Hapac, who played a dilly of a game all the way around, the only exception being that he muffed a couple of throws on the first sack. ' —fc— Sure, he’s Illinois’ basketball star of 1940, who went around breaking records almost like it was a pastime on the hardwood . . . Bill certainly looked neat on that bag, even though it was his first season as a regular at that position . . . He had a stinging peg . . . Handled himself nicely covering the base . . . And the boy could hit... A couple of triples and a homer accounted for that fact. —^fc— But he was as tempermental as Jewell Young, basketball great of Purdue a couple of years back . . . When the big, husky Hapac muffed those two throws in the game yesterday, a cloud seemed to settle around that fellow and to darken his whole outlook on life ... We could tell that when he was playing ball. . . . But when Hapac reached out and ripped off a homeric blast, the whole set-up changed entirely . . . He was gay as a lark. —^fc— Well, there’s another ball game today, with Gerald Higgins on the mound for Purdue and possibly Al Grant for Illinois ... We understand this Grant is one swell pitcher, if you don’t mind this department putting it that way ... If the Boilermakers tighten up a bit today, we’re in for a great ball game, starting at 2 o’clock . . . We’ll be seeing you!
Fortune Shoe
And So On . . . Such minor details as Bill Hapac’s two ti'iples, home runs by Evers, Milosevich and Hapac, a triple by Smithson, nine errors for Purdue, four errors for Illinois, eight runs in the Illinois fourth inning, the retirement of seven Boilermaker players during the course of the afternoon and evening, interference, walks, hit batsmen, strike outs and everything else in diamond High School Track Squads Hold Meet In Stadium Today Twelve high school track squads from around this area of the state will converge in Ross-Ade stadium this morning and afternoon for the local sectional track and field meet. The trials will get \mder way at 10 a.m. and the finals will be run-off starting at 1 o’clock. Frankfort’s Hot Dogs will be the only major cinder squad represented that has not won the annual event, while two newcomers, Wea and Jackson Township, are entered in this year’s hotly contested battle for the first time. Delphi finished first last year, with Frankfort second, and Jeff of Lafayette third. The dozen outfits entered in the 1940 meet include Jeff, West Side, Monticello, Fowler, Freeland Park, Boswell, Earl Park, Otterbein, Jackson Township, Frankfort, Delphi, and Wea. Fowler, Jeff of Lafayette, and Frankfort loom as the possible favorites this year. Although the Broncos have whipped both of the other “best choices” during the season, the number of teams entered will cut down on the team honors and slightly impair the local lads’ chances.
occurrences were drowned out by the collossal final score. Ten men batted for the Illini in’ the first inning, four of them scoring although only two hit safely. Three runs in the second, one in the third and eight in the fourth swelled the total to 16 before the Boilermakers had touched home plate.
No Hits Wasted
In the last half of the fomrth a hit by Vernon, two Errors, a walk and a wild pitch permitted the home team to tally three times, and one more hit, this time a triple by Smithson, combined with more erors and walks in the seventh added
four more runs.
Reserves Rawles, Ridgway and Young entered the game in the eighth inning and with the help of the remainder of the nine finished off the rest of the ten runs. McFerren, second baseman, led the losers with “three and a half hits,” which included a questionable fly ball which the left fielder couldn’t handle in the first inning. His other three hits were all singles.
Summary: Illinois (21) AB R H
Drechsler, If 4 2 1 Gruenfeld, p 10 0 Kallas, If 10 0 Pyrz, ss 5 2 0 Evers, cf 4 4 3 Hapac, lb 5 5 4 Milosevich, rf-lf 6 2 2 Drish, 2b 4 11 Bi’ewer, c 4 1 1 Astroth, 3b 3 2 1 Pacotti, p-rf-p 6 2 3 Totals 46 21 16
Purdae (13) AB Hearne, ss 4 McFerren, 2b 6 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 Rawles, 3b . 0 Mitchell, ph 9 1 Waterhouse, If 5 Vernon, cf 6 Stamm, I’f 4 Smithson, lb 4 Ridgway, lb 1
Fisher, c .
.... 3
Young, c 1
Campus life at University of Kansas is portrayed in a motion picture now being filmed.
Bailey, p ... Emmert, p . Cooper, p .. Wargo, p ....
R 3 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 2
H 1 4 0 0 0 0 2 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 42 13 11
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLiclity
“Joe’ll take care of de guards, Slug kin take de customers, TU handle de tellers, an’ you four mugs will have to handle de vice presidents!”4
V
rUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 11, 1940
"Welcome Mothers" ... is the sincere greeting on the lips of everyone on the campus today and tomorrow as hundreds of mothers arrive to spend this week-end with their sons and daughters, Although the whole country has set aside tomorrow as the one day in the year which is devoted entirely^ to Mother, the University has gone one step further in honoring this most important person. Mother’s Day here has been stretched into a week-end of specially planned activity and programs which we feel m‘ay help to give our mothers a busy and enjoyable day or two. The Gymkhana, the University sing, the crowning of the May Queen, the Playshop productionj the luncheons and breakfasts, the Union reception, the Mother’s Day Mixer, and the religious service have all been planned for you. Mother. We hope you will enjoy them. . Underneath this outwardly attempt to show our feelings and our appreciation of you, there lies a great deal more that we sometimes find difficult to express. There are so many things that we never say, so many things that we never do, so many things that we wish we had done for you, Mot iJ.'?. It is a good thing that someone set aside this day when we remember to express our appreciation and love in one manner or another. We appreciate you because you try to understand our problems; because you’ve done without things to give us what we Want; because you put up with our ridiculous ideas; because you are proud of us, whether there is a just reason why you should be or not; because you are the best friend that we could ever have; and, finally, because you love us. We aren’t so apt to let you know how we feel about these things, and to do things that would make your life a little happier. It isn’t intentional, of course; it’s just that we are so busy with our own affairs and our own little world that we oftentimes neglect this important matter. Unappreciative youngsters as we may sometimes seem, we are taking these two days to devote ourselves to you and to express a little of our affection to you. Mothers, you are our queens of the campus this week-end. —E. A. S.
Radio Stage Presents 'Storm Before Sunset' “Storm Before Sunset” is the play which Radio Stage will present today at 1 p.m. The story takes place in a thatched hut during the rainy season in Bolivia. It deals with
seven people who know each other only slightly but are thrown together to defend themselves against the storm and the natives. The cast of the show includes Jack Lane, Bill Fall, Joe Martin, Norma Lee Spector, John Hobson, Jean Fassnacht and Ruth Bryant. Radio Stage is directed by Dick Pittenger. .
the Purdue Expouent Service Directory
• School Sappliot
• Profeasional
''DiACr Everything for a 0>llege Education
Ride Dental Clinic Da. PAUL A. nm. Da. Lim«a a. a»SK Da. HAaoLo 1. aiMc 4th fr AAatn Pttona 5Tti
• jewelers
DR.A.M. IRION DENTIST 1 19Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMlTRiST 522 Main St. Phona 4711 LAFAYETTE, 1NOI ANA
Hays fewetry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prkm
• Hardware
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Sperb Hardware - j Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts. • Dairy Products
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c rie SOUP coFFce 5c
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUAUTY MILK Phone 46214
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Plowan Main at 7th Phona 6050
JjomcMojuf Hjv JhsL QhuMhsbbL. Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9:30 a.m.—Student class and discussion group, Central Presbyterian Church, Dr. Graves leading discussion., 10:40 a.m.—^Worship and preaching service, Central Presbyterian Church, Dr. Graham preaching. 3:00 p.m.:—Picnic with Episcopalian students. Meet at new Church and Student Center. Those who cannot go at 3:00, meet at new church at 5:00, and a way will be provided for you to go.
Vaught. Talks on “My Ideal Girl Friend” by William Peterson, John Thompson, and Everett Hobbs.
Newman Club Elects
Phi Lambda
Baptist Students 9:30 a.m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a.m.—Annual Festival of the Christian Home, honoring Mothers and Fathers and Dedicating Babies. Mrs. Fred Buschman of the Class of 1938 will sing, “Mother, My Dear.” Sermon, “The House Beautiful.” 5:30 p.m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 7:00 p.m.—The Roger Williams Drama Club will present a pageant entitled, “The Mothers of America.”
Christian Students 9:30 a.in.—Student Class. Harriet Reynolds will teach on “Independent Youth and Problem Parents.” 10:40 a.m.—Church ServicCi Doyle Mullen will preach in relation to the annual Festival of the Christion Home (formerly known as Mother’s Day). Subject: “What We View with Alarm.” 2:30 p.m, to 5:00 p.m.—Special Mother’s Day fidendly gathering. All students are urged to di*op in, with their pai-ents if they are here, or alone if not. 6:00 p.m.—Forum, including Vespers, Recreation and discussion. All are welcome.
Newman Club will hold its regular monthly meeting Sunday, May 12, at St. Mary’s, school hall, following the 9:30 mass. Officers for the coming year will be elected. At a meeting of the nominating committee, composed of Mary Hannon, Thelma Goodman, Dick O’Neil, Gilbert Baumle, Henry Sailer, and Elmer Nesius, the following candidates were approved: president, Delos Luers; men vice-presidents, Dick Jansing, Jim McConahay, Bob Brock, Dick Ball and Joe Benna; women vice-presidents, ■ Rosemary Goodman, Emmaline Farrell, Martha Doherty and Gertrude Monhout; secretary, Monica Buergler and Dor-
. . . Upsilon, national .hohorary chemical society, annpuhces the initiation of the following: T. J, Stephens, F. C. Goldsmith, R. J. Schier, J. T. Long, G. R. Jungerman, R. A. Spraker, R. J. Ringham, J; Cr. Van Horn, B. Golding, V. T. Mavity, F. Granger, G. F. Roedel, R. L. Puller, and R. A. Hoffer.
othy J. Goodman; treasurer, Dick Rossback. Four men vice-presidents and three women vice-presidents are to be elected. Additional nominations from the floor may be made. A special invitation is extended to all mothers of club members to attend this' Mother’s Day breakfast meeting.
Methodist Students 8:00 a.m.—Mother’s Day Breaks fact. 9:30 a.m.—Sunday School. Mothers are invited. 10:40 a.m.—Morning Worship. Dr. Steele will preach on, “Good Women.” V 5:00 p.m.—Fellowship Supper. 6:30 p.m.—Epworth League at the church. Talks on “My Ideal Boy Friend,” by Joyce Winklepleek, Maxine Wilson, and Mary Ruth
There are many little extras you get in the “Better Cleaning Service” that add to its value. WOOL GARMENTS MOTH-PROOFED; No Extra Charge. £ Jk E A'ji E M s IB F F I N E CLP TJI E S
You Can't Beat...
..fieadver.
ne wo St .tate ^ TVte t do te use 'g^QcordiuS ,
^ newspaper .
art, it tfio YourS,, Manage^
Lafayette —.
Facts
the Purdue Exponent
BUSINESS PHONE 5038