f^irthiana And Malcolm
' '■ >, / , i'l: r, 1 ‘ T '
Volume 53, No. 66
West tdfayette, IndianO,
Scitiirdciy, Nc^ernJber 29, Idll
Debris To Present Coed Beauties At 8
Fifth Aquacade 150 CouRles Hear Bphby
Bntertains 550 In Field house
Moore At Harvest Dance
Bogue To Play Novel Program Featur^
. who come directl:^ from the Edgewater Beach Hotel in. Chicago, wjll be among the three acts to be presented tonight at the annual Debris Beauty Contest. Along with this dance team will be Wilfred DuBdis, “JTongleur Distingue”; the Parker Brothers’ strong man act, and Bobby Byrne’s orchestra. >
Sa/nf Louis Symphony Appear Tomorrow In the third of this year’s series of University convocations the St. Louis Symphony orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Golschmann will appear in a concert tomorrow . Afternoon At 3 p. m. in the Music Hall. The St. Louis Symphony Orchestra is not only one of the foremost orchestras in the country, but it is the second oldest, being exceeded in 60 years of ——-—^^—
Union Will Hold Reception For Orchestra Members
cphtinuous symphonic concerts only by the Philharmonic Qrchestra of New York. Although rich in tradition, it is a revitalized "organization, and it appears under the baton of its con-
ductor, Vladimir Golschmann.
Ttfiired Amexij^Xlnrjng World War Russian by blood, French by birth, Golschmann was a pianist in childhood, a violinist in his youth and was scarcely out of his teens before he became concertmaster of the French orchestra sent'iby the government to tour this country'duringthe course of the first World War.
Pinch-Hit For Toscanini
He has appeared as a guest conductor throughout Europe in such cities as Madrid, Lisbon, Bucharest, Brussels, Oslo, and Edinburgh. For two successive seasons (1924-26) Golschmann appeared in this country as guest conductor of the New York Philharmonic-Symphony, and oil one occasion assumed the tasl? of “pinch-hitting” for its conductor, Arturo Toscanini, when the latter was forced into mid-season retire-
ment because of illness..
He has also appeared as guest
conductor of the Philadelphia, De-
troit, Cleveland, and Rochester New York Philharmonic-Symphony. Symphony Orchestras, and during At the present time Golschmann, the summer of 1937 he conducted assisted by Guidi, directs the . 87the Stadium concerts in New York piece orchestra more than 50 perand Hollywood Bowl concerts in forn\ances each season in St. Louis California. and on tours. His visit to St. Louis as a guest The doors of the Music Hall will conductor in 1931* was climaxed by open at 2:15 tomorrow afternoon his engagement as permanent con- for persons possessing passports or ductor there. Immediately he set season tickets for the University about developing a better orchestra, convocation series. There will be no a task in which he has had the in- reserved seats or advanced sale of valuable cooperation of Scipionc the regular .$1.10 tickets which can Guidi, former concertmaster of the only be purchased at the door, a.p.h.
Immediately following the concert tomorrow afternoon a reception will be held for the niembers of the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra and their conductor Vladimir Golschmann. Starting at approximately 5:30 in the East and West Faculty Lounges of the Union, this affair affords both students and faculty the opportunity to meet and mingle with one of the foremost symphony orchestras in the country. Refreshments will be served by some 90 coeds who have graciously consented to act as hostesses for the afternoon. In charge of general arrangements for the event are Jeanette Haynes and Ed Esping of the Teas and Receptions committee of the Student Union, which is sponsoring the affair. Students, faculty and townspeople arc invited to attend,
a.p.h.
ACTIVITIES ... Frosh To Hear Activity Men Speak On Campus Organizations Monday Activities Bureau will bold a meeting in the east faculty lounge of the Union Monday at 4 p. m. This / is the third freshman forum to bo held this year. There will be talks by upperclassmen who will represent their particular activity. Johnny GoU will speak on the Purdue Players and Playshop. Bill Stewart will represent WBAA, Radio Guild and Radio Stage. Bruce Lawler will discuss forensic and debate. Les Woehlke is in charge of the meeting. Independents Invited After the speeches |there will be a group discussion in order to clarify any questions which may arise, j,Activities Bureau wishes to stress the attendance of independent men
Major Buckley Capfured By Axis Forces In Libya Major Michael Buckley, Jr., U. S. Army observer and former staff member is reported captured in Libya by the Axis forces. Major Buckley was on the ROTC staff here from ’33 until ’36 when he was promoted to a captain and transferred. Presbyterians Hear Dr. Sharp Tomorrow Dr. Alexander E. Sharp of Indianapolis will speak at the University Presbyterian Church tomorrow morning at 10:30 on the subject, “The Time is Now.” I Dr. Sharp is the executive secretary of the Synod of Indiana of the Presbyterian Church. He has been for several years pastor of the University Church at Madison, Wis. The Student Choir, under the direction of John Mingle, will sing. Nancy Youpg will be the organist, d.hg.
Show Cointinues Tonight With Glee Club Helping By Ted Clark, ] Associate Sports Editor Dick ' Papenguth, master showman, did it again last night. The oc-' casion was the fifth annual aquacade, sponsored by the Triton and Dolphin clubs, held in tile gaily decorated Fieldhouse pool before 560 awed spectators. The show started out very inipressively with John Owens and Ace Anderson bearing American flags througl\ the water while A1 Stewart and the Men’s Glee Club sang the National Anthem^ It built up to a gradual and howling climax when four comedy Tickets for tonight’s presentation of the second performance of the Aquacade may be obtained from members of the Dolphin and Triton clubs, at the Fieldhouse ticket office or just before starting time tonight. The price is 50 cents and 650 tickets are available. ' divers culminated the evening with unbelievably comic gyrations of the contortionist variety. . Freshman Roy Heidke defeated varsity breaststroker J.oe Williamson for a new frosh record, which bettered the, standing varsity mai'k. The precedent smashing time was
2:29.1.
Youthful Mermaids Carcil Cdchrah, five year old girl from the Indianapolis Riviera Club, amazed and amused everyone by plunging into the pool and swimming the length. Then she did a dive from the low board and not to be outdone by the other divers clambered to the high board—12 feet above the water—to execute something that resembled a conibined sWan dive and belly flopper. The three youthful .Schaffner sisters, Sue, Shirley and Anne, ages seven, 12 and 14 respectively, swam crawl, breaststroke and backstroke with exceptional speed. Fred Herr and Jack Horn took to the pool mounted upon rubber horses, dressed in Roman togas and laurel wreaths and armed with I'easonablc facsimiles of medieval lances. Each “knight” was dunked frequently and the battle may be called a draw.. Ballet Nuinbers Betty Bemis of the Riviera Club and National 440 yard backstroke champion gave a demonstration of the smoothness that has carried her to aquatic fame. Four members each from the Triton and Dolphin Clubs put on a ballet using rubber flippers on their, feet and made attractive (Continued on page 3) Playshop To Present 'The Petrified Forest' As Second Production As its second in this year’s series of four stage productions, Playshop will present Robert E. Sherwood’s play, “The Petrified Forest.” Deviating from the usual Wednesday through Saturday schedule, the first performance will be held on Tuesday night, Dec. 9, and the show will continue through Friday, Dec. 12. The first three presentations will begin at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall while the Friday performance will start at 8 p. m. Decker, Gracier Star Leading roles are taken by Janet Decker and Don Gracier in the respective roles of Gabby Maple and Alan Squire—the parts portrayed by Bette Davis and Leslie Howard in the screen vei’sion of the play. A Pulitzer prize winner in 1936, Sherwood’s play opens ,in' a filling station on the Arizona desert, and upon this scene are brought together a glamour-struck waitress; a disillusioned Easterner, seeking relief from a world gone mad; and a hand of gangsters. Complications that arise thereafter bring the play to an exciting and dramatic climax.
Over 150 coeds arid their dates dancing at the WAA Harvest Hop, first coed bid “joe dance” of IKc year, last.night heard the music of Bobby Moore and his tenpiece band from Illinois State
Normal University. .
. Sweaters, skirts and saddle shoes were word, and, streamers and confetti were: ^^ributed to the dancers. Mqjwe has played at thf University of HlinsijiB,. Indiana University, MacMurray College, Ball State College/ and Francis Shirmer College. Miss Theresa Bell ofithe PfeW department was in charge of the general arrange-
ments of the dan^e, a.l.w.
For Week-End Mixer Tonight Margie Burling To Sing Specialty In Hawaiian Veilc Bogue and his band wifi begin playing for the regular mixer in the north ballroom of the Union to- . night at the usual hour of 9, even though the Debris beauty contest will not be , over by that time. , Featured in Bogue’s band will be Margie Burling, 14-year-old .singer, who began her career when she was seven years old. Margie has gueststarred with such name bands as
Women Debaters Broadcast Today Big Ten Schools Send 52 Coeds To Meeting “What part should the United States play in establishing a just and stable post-war world order?” is the question Which has brought 62 coed representatives here from all Big Ten schools, to attend the Western Conference Debate League which began yesterday and will end today with a broadcast over WBAA at 2 o’clock. At 9 a. m. yesterday the conference began with registration iri the lobby of the Union. After the coaches had met, a genei’al sessipn was held at 10 a. m. in the east faculty lounge. Betty Foss of Indiana University presided oyer the preliminary panel discussion held at that time. No Definite Conclusions Although no definite conclusions on the conference’s question were established, the coeds agreed that the peace issue is definitely inter*-, national in scope; one in which all concerned must cooperate, but one which demands leadership strong enough to force the issue. One member from each college represented participated in this panel discus-
sion.
At noon yesterday a luncheon wqs served in room 365 of the Union. PrPfesspr Frank Hall of the history, economics, and government department, addressed the delegates on the subject which is confronting the conference. Following his talk, the debaters were divided into six groups for round table discussions. Each group discussed specific objectives of the problem and came to definite conclusions. Representatives Speak Janet Morehouse, Sei. ’42, acted as toastmistress at last night’s* banquet which was held in the east faculty lounge. After dinner, speeches were given by pne person fi’om each of the represented schools. At 8 another round table discussion was held to complete the discussion of the conference problem. Open Forum This Morning This morning the delegates will meet for an open forum to talk on the solutions to the impending question. A general session will be held at 11. A luncheon meeting at which critical comments will be made by Professors A. H. Monroe and P. E. Lull of the speech department, and a broadcast on the “question” over WBAA from 2 to 2:30 in the afternoon will bring the conference to a close, p.s. Pres. Elliott Speaks At Parents' Banquet President E. C. Elliott and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton were the principle speakers at the annual banquet of the Pui’due Dads’ and Mothers’ Association of Indianapolis held at the Tabernacle Presbyterian Church yesterday evening. Elliott spoke on the subject, “Purdue in National Defense” and Dean Stratton spoke on, “If I Had a Daughter at Purdue.” Dr. Robert Phillips of the department of history, economics and government, faculty adviser for the Parents’ Club, along with Paul Royster of Lafayette, president of the organization, accompanied the speakers to Indianapolis, j.d.s.
Music Hall Doors To Open At 7:15; Tickets For Sale At Deac's, Union Opening to the soft strains of Bobby Byrne’s “Danny Boy,” the annual Debris Beauty Contest will offer something new tonight in the way of University entertainments. This" year’s contest will be held at 8 p. m. with the doors of the Music Hall opening at 7:15 and'will feature 32 University coeds, vaudeville : acts and Bobby
/STUFF' GIRLS . . . Bareback Queen Rdce Gets Hof As Lobbyids Overload Ballot Boxes
Byrne’s orchestra.
Following the playing of “Danny Boy,” Byrne will, offer three novelty swing numbers and Bill Stewart, WBAA announcer, acting as master ' of ceremonies, will then introduce the contestants as they promenade around the semicircle in front of the stage. Jerry Carlon, profession-
al photographer from Indianapolis, Morehouse, Sci. ’41, a new and Bobby Byrn.e will act as judges nominee for the hririor of reigning in the selecting of the four 1941 as “Queen of the Bareback Riders”
Beauty Queens from the thirty-two
finalists.
at the Sigma Delta Chi circus, ball on Friday, Dec. 12, forged into the
The following will appear on the ^ flood of ballots yesterday. Music NHall stage this evening: Tabulators announced that she had Anna Bell Ball, Joan Earner, Jeanne i-gcoived 510 votes up to 6 p. m., with Burkholder, Emily Caster, Bertie of three precincts heard
Cole, Betty Craig, Janeth Dixon,
Mariana Duke, Gloria Fox, Doris Marked similarity between many Jeane Hamilton, Carolyn Hyman, of the ballots for the new leader in- —— ^^ dicated that some person or ^oqp
Margie Burling
Debris photographers will be the only photographers permitted to take cameras into the IVIusic
Hall.
Shep Fields, Eddy Duchin, Bill Carlsen and Dick Jurgens. Her specialty is “Hawaiian War Chant” sung in Hawaiian. Sings With Band Bogue got his start as a baritone in Fort Wayne, and later joined ah orchestra as male vocalist. Now he continues to sing with his own band, along with Margie Burling whom he discovered singing in a dance
recital.
Bogue’s “Music in Vogue” was heard, this summer at the Riviera-on-the-Lake, Lake Geneva, Wis.; Summit Beach Park, Akron, 0.; and the Waldemeer Beach Park, Erie, Pa. The band is noW on location at the Inglaterra Ballroom in Peoria, 111. The four Debris beauty queens will be admitted to the mixer as guests of the Union and Verle Bogue following the beauty contest in the Music Hall. Adinissioh for the mixer is the usual $1.00. a.l.w. Triad Dance Will Feature McKitrick's Band Tonight Tau Kappa Epsilon, Phi Sjgma Kappa, and Alpha Sigma Phi will entertain their pledges at a Triad dance this evening from 9 to 12 in the north ballroom of the Union. Bob McKitrick’s band will furnish the music for the dancers. The dance will be formal, p.s.
of persons was exercising the prerogative of all students and voting
not only early but often.
“Queen Of The Tight Wire” Race
' • In second place in the balloting ia ^ T Tj- j June Darrow, who now holds a twoCatherme Kern, Bette Lu Krudup,. . , . 6- ^ ^ _ . T,;r T .1.1- V vote margin over Donna Siess m a
Roberta Lewis, Marge Dibbert,
Rose Malcolm, Jo Anne Menefee, in addition to those listed^ye^'
Margaret Miller, Patty Moffitt, Betty Murphy, Marilyn O’Hara, Charlotte Pirie, Virginia Riley, Jane Robinson, Mary Lou Sanders, Pat Smith, Mary Jane Snider, Martha Lou Stewart, Zerelda
terday include Ann Wickard and June Koenig. ;• Polls are still open iri the election ; ballot-boxes await stuffing at the west desk of the Union and in
mi T ■ the Exponent office. Runners-up in
Stuckey, Frances Thompson, Janice, ^^^^est will be dubbed “Queen
Yeoman and LeVerne Zeno . “This is the first time that a high-
class' stage show has come to the University. If the students respond
of the Tight Wire” and “Queen of
the' Glittering Spangles.”
Gaudy red tickets to the “Brawl” arc now available at the Union werit
to this type of entertainment, the , , , „
_ , . ,, , ■ . ., desk and from Sigma Delta Chi ac-
Debris will attempt to continue it at future beauty contests,” Bob
tives and pledges. Price (until De-
cember 8) is $1.9914. j.h.w.
Adams, senior business manager of the Debris, said yesterday. After the first elimination the dance team of Ruthiana and Malcolm, a part of the stage show, will entertain with rhumbas, tangos, and a comedy dance and Wilfred DuBois,
Jongleur Distingue, ^ will juggle enlisting in class V-7 of the Naval everything from tennis, balls to Reserves may be interviewed today
Naval Reserves Intervievr Juniors, Seniors Tvday Juniors and seniors interested in
trays of glasses filled with beer
Parker Brothers. Perform
At this time the 16 remaining girls will be judged and the Parker
by Lt. Com. A. R. J. L. Pieper, re-
cruiting officer.
Requirements for enlistment are four years of work in an accredited
Brothers will perform their famed university or college. Although-ari hand to hand strong man act with engineering degree is not required
the applicant must have included two years of mathematics, a course in physics and a course in chem-
be the announcement by Bill Stew- jstry. The age limit is set between
(Continued on page 4) ; the years of 20 and 27.
the accompaniment of Byrne’s
band. ' ,
Grand finale of the evening will
Reamers Sponsor Iritersquad Tilt
Zouaves Will Drill Between At Freshman-Varsity Game
By Ken Roquemore
One of the featured attractions of Tuesday night’s Reamer-spon-sored intersquad basketball tilt will be a performance by the University’s ci'ack drill team, the Zouaves, between the halves of the game. The frosh-varsity contest will mark the initial appearance this year of these hard-working drill experts. The Zouaves, virtually the only college drill squad of its kind in the country, was founded at the University in 1927 by Lt. Hennig. It resembles in a fashion a, military fraternity whose members partake in varied military activities. Serve, Military Department A great part of these activities consists of serving the military department in its functions. Just a few of' the services the Zouaves have performed in the past are assisting on open house nights and firing Memorial Day salutes. Many of you who were here last year will recall some of the per-
formances presented by the Zouaves —their com{>licated and intricate shuffle steps and their colorful and bizarre costumes, complete with fezes, pantaloons and puttees. French-African Costumes These costumes were adapted for the most part from the costumes of the (former) french North African Colonial Army. Sad to relate, however, the boys will not appear in their usual uniforms Tuesday night due to the destruction of a large amount of them, by the recent Arpory fire. Instead, they will substitute the familiar military trousers and light shirts. Their travels have made the Zouaves well known throughout the country. Last year they appeared at Illinois University, Indiana University, Western Kentucky University at Bowling Green, 124th Field Artillery at Chicago and the Officers Club at Fort Knox, Ky. They expect to perform in the near future
at a home Big Ten basketball gariig., Every fall -in September tryquta arc held for new members, tJie greater part of which ai’e freshmen and sophomores. Early in Nq* voraber, thirty of these aspirarils are pledged. Initiation takes plqgg after about a month of pledgeghip. The first performance at which thp fall’s pledges will apperu* will h«b on the corps days on Thursday, Dec. 4, and Tuesday, Dec. 9. ,'c Gimlet-Reamer Game / Although the usual number of men performing is twenty-foritj, sixteen Zouaves will give the fifteeh minute show Tuesday night betweeh the halves. Also appearing dwirig the long 30-minute half will be th# Reamer and Gimlet clubs iri tlri* clownish antics charaej^eriaiq^ annual grudge ha,sketbaU Tickets for this ajnnual riffaib be purchased for afi; any Reamer member. The game wlli begin at 7:30 p. m. ■ .
ffh'Ji'i/’ ■i^'^ t! * -.V ^^ I \ "" I" Pum 2I
Purdue Exponent:' • 1; ^ ^
v'<i'^ , .;'<V. >*• '*i:
•>.# .' ^,^,.v
4iiiW
'; Fraternity Jnitidii0n8^'^'”^ Ddta^si mel^ Jyatmnal D^ense rnysicm 1 raining
i the national c^iergency is tightisipiliig, more and nio”e students are being ^li^^iito theJarmy under the Selective Servi^v4ti^t;. trast fall many universities and collOjfOi^ throughout the country required that alliifei registered in the draft take a course i^iiphysical' preparedness' -The purpose of tfiiSSib'icourses was' preparation for the rigors of army life, and they have shown college men that they are soft and badly in need of physicil training'befdre they enter the army. Recently the Exponent published an editorial condemning fraternity initiations, but it; has been called to our attention that perhaps this attack was unjust. Fraternities by their hell weeks, road trips, midnight sessions, and initiations ai'e in reality preparing their pledges for national defense. All of these activities are strengthening the men physically; Road trips prepare them for the infantry ; hell weeks and initiatioi^ teach them to go long hours without sleep and to withstand all types of physical punishment ; and at midnight Sessions they perform varied types of calisthenics. These methods of pledge training are preparing fraternity men for the army, and fraternities are allowing them to Continue only because of their great desire
What Goes On Here?
kt^
e
iiih-40
• By -Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
compromise report was agreed on. That agreement was not reached until 8 a. m., the deadline when the report had to be in the hands of the
printer.
One time during the night-long wrangle one of the mediators snapped, “Well, it looks like it’s aspirin, coffee or liquor, depend-
ing on your taste.”
national athletic; .honorary,
has arinduriced; that tests for the indoor season will start next week. Tests may be taken any Tuesday or
to sacrifice all for t!he good of the United Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. States Those who have already taken some c,. ’ /-I 1 1 ij ^ . .• . „ 1 of the tests will find their names Since Greek letter; , organizations are mak; ^„^ posted on the bulletin ing this all out effort, it would perhaps be a board outside the intramural office, good idea for active members to also submit Anyone interested may contact to such training. To date they have only'been Don Phillips in pidef to make aradministering the initiations^ and if they dre iflngements . for takmg the tests,
to receive any physical benefit, which ie' the sole purpose of the rough treatment, they must be on the receiving end. Road trips should be given in the- tain and* snow to sim^ ulate actual army conditions. Initiations and hell Weeks should'be longer and rougher so
that the future draftees will be'able to \Vith- ' ,, ^ Itk ~ stand any type of physical torture, and organ- th^ everyone Us had his izations not engaging in initiation activities tails or tux out of storage for two should be encouraged to do so in the future, weeks, the smell of, nioth balls Because college men are soft and can't should be gone (and so should the
withstand prolonged physical activity, we
urge that the Dean of Men’s office lift the "wGQH?
present restrictions on fraternity pledge First thing on our schedule we training. Hell Week next spring should be see that the Ghi Omega actives made at least two ■^eeks in length with Uni- are honoring their pledges with a versity support, and road trip ‘ regulations swell dance, at Duncan Hall. , ij u u j 4- n * 4.1 I The Chi O aifaii* wll be formal and should be change^ to allow organizations to Glen Wright’s orchestra will supply
make them longer and to conduct as many as the melodies, they think necessary to round their men into WGOH?
tip-top physical shape. Also tonight we find the Alpha Xi
_ . - Delta sorority holding their annual
pledge dance at their chapter house. This dance is also formal and none other than Irv Given will be on hand with his smooth styles of
syncopations.
Phi Kappa fraternity house will be decoi'Uted and in readiness for their annual • pledge dance which Avill start at nine tonight. The boys
to, come formal and music of one of our
campus bands, Maury Mah'n’s. you should mil miss thd seebnd aud WGOH? North ballrooiti of the Union will water show, betenninuvat 8 tpnight, year which will iast from 9 to 12 Now the lli® tonight. Tau Kappa EpsiKm, Phi thqt wftVhaye bpeirsayinigi^lbi Sigma Kappa, arid honor their pledges at this ,ipint befhplc| jn fhe Music ,liall' tbrji^]|f,,iw dance. The band for this formal af- thtiti'you' c'ari watph the queens, am^ fair will be Bob McKitrick’s. thp/jtidgipg, ami still have tirne^ Ip WGOH? go: tb''a daiice afterwards.^ A}ong , In the south ballroom of . the wi,|lV tiie;3'2, beaul^ ■tjnion tonight we find the weekly ,'tak^,fiart,in’jtonighPs all-iniiipri.ant jhixer. Verle 'Bogue will ’have his pieking of the queen^, will he Bophand on the handstand and ready by' Rome’s band and seypral iriifor the first downbeat. Verle has a ported stage 'acts. 'We’ve certain 14-year-old girl vocalist who is that thp eptertainment will lie comv known for jjer rendition of the plpte at this annuaraffair and we “Hawaiian War Chant” and other'wiMi all the.,,contestants a lot/of novelty numbers. ' lupk.. 'WGOH?. f ';;::;'’.';^GbH? Last night many of us\-watched ' H^his certain'iy is a 'full’ night of the'fifth annual Aquacade at the danceh'aud’ showb so :come along Fiejdhouse pool. Ask'any of those . aht|'.'share .the swell ti^ who attended last night and you ybuf friend^' Rflis is one nightwill be given plenty of reasons why we’ll see everyone around!
---iMr-lllfiilP"
TOr'Kiilivii 'vs.lt'hi'' kiri*pn'''aiithin. '■
liF> .SjW) ■gilii. iirfin ■1 ;1S
'7:0'0 7 q,r> 7 :‘6‘o 7:ir> 8 t oo 8:I'5 V :'flO 7:15 8ijl)t 8:'15
. ..‘'hKAsr-r'i’thviq^'" ' ' Cburt f .'■huttiimi.oii WaVd .10 .vs. Wi’Vfl 21, WaraSOVAj.WnM'P.':.'
. gouVt.w#M(ii‘(iuii 06 Vs.-Wdirtj 3p.‘.
WOVdi'Zotvs.'Wardr
—Gait'ea
.Co.urt 0:^—Uiaiifca
Caii-y .feah. i S, ys;
Cary H'a
)I 10.
“all
I:
fpii, 1.V8,.
Pifry {IMi; W.-ys?' Cajry jttjl IB vs. ,
Cary lljin 18,ys7 i^ai'y'’t|atl' ll. Cary liall. 2 Vsi. C^ry UaU, !).
At Cnrisfian piu'ch 'Gbsriidp'blithri' Gluh.a'fid,'Uni
spohsoihi|g\'a - 'Wprld PenbwsiHip a™ce to-the
Throughout the battle, Professor Banphet hpriikht at'efl'B at'M.'Eia-' orse, chairman of the board, fayetfe'Chvisiiian.''CHurb1v^^H^^^^^^
pafipfl witVi Viis pollpno’nps fnr a vLU'' ,vV u'l
Proiftfsors c Near Blows iailSqti'abble Preparing Railroad Wage Report WASHINGTON, Nov. 28, 1941.— The five meriibers of the Emergency IlAilyoad Board ran headlong into
was put. together.^
Unwanted Compromise The root of the Brotherhoods’ unyielding opposition to the wage recommendations was the wide disparity in the bases for the proposed in-
creases.
The board .gave the .so-called nonoperating employes a fiat boost of nine cents an hour. But when it came to the operating groups the board switched to a 7 V2 per cent in-
soinc surprises \Vheu they called on crease. This meant orify about five the President before making anoth- cerits an hour increase for lowercr attepipt to solve the wage dispute paid trainmen, but upwards of sevWhfcli threatens to tie up all the en cerits for better-paid engineers
railroads of the country. and conductors.
One- ‘.sririiribe Was that Roosevelt Charging bias and discrimination, knew all about their closely guarded irate Trainmen flatly refused to secret. This secret was that their accept the plan and the other Broth-
origirifal report, adamantly rejected erhoods backed tliein up.
by*'the'Brotherhoods, was a last- Another thing that burned up all ■miniife'Compromise arid that none of Brotherhoods was the board’s tlic •ihediatbrs' really approved of it. suggestion that the I’allroads go to In fact they only agreed to it at the Intci-.state Commerce Cbm'mis-
Morse
pleaded with his colleagues for a tioii' o'n’ Mi!U-yis '’nm^"be dblaitied unanimous report. He warned that a frbfit'RmRhlingsly, Ag ’43, by tele-
dissent would be worse than no re-
port at all. In the end his adyiCe LaRW M'usfcale ''' ' ' won, the hodge-podge compromise THe rijiti^'i’caj rieefibh: H : tRe-' prp^
graili"ffielgde‘d''i4"'^'oId'"by' R'dljbfio' Hernande^;',''Gbloin'bia,‘'^bii'th Aiiieri-;
ca‘!""l''edbi'di'hgk':'of',‘"natlvd
arouhd'''tbe'ivdj'ld,' 'aiik 'it ch'o'fgs''of ’ Latin' 'A'i‘i'ievic'i4n;'‘‘^tuicl6^tl' 'singing; native'songs. There will also be a demonstration of the tango and an explanation of the hula by Ed
Miyamasu of Honolulu, Hawaii. There will also be four short talks
concerning Italy, China, Hawaii and South America by Robert Ticgcri Moses Long, Francis Lau and Ben
DePcrcyra. .
Inside fact is that allh'bugh'the United Stales is developing'abdiit twelve cxccllcht alK bases in th'e bulge of Brazil, Brazil so far has not permitted U. S. troops to occapy them. Nor, for that matter, has' any 'other' Latin American c'otrntry allowed the entrance of
soldiers.
This'fact—that it Latin American
last minute to avoid a split decision. for a five per cent increase in country'doesn’t want U.'S. troops
rates to offset the wage'boosts. The pri its soil—^is most understandable, urii'ons contended this was lyholly and the' State Department doesn’t unnecessary, since the earners were want to press it. After all the netting big pihfits; also it would an- United States for years has been tagonizG shippers’and ' the public looked; upon with .suspicioiV as the agai)7at the' Brotherhoods,' wlio Colbssqs of the North.'Furthermore would get the blame for the rate no sovereign nation wants foreign
advance.
U.S. In Dufeh Guiana
Several backstage factors we're important in connection with sending U. S. troops into Dutch Guiriria. One was the fact that the Dutch weren’t very keen 011 havirig us go. It never leaked out, and probablj' will be denied, but the Dutch felt this might be the beginnhig of "a new Americari Empire, arid that there v.'as' no way for a little^ country like Holland to get the colony back if the U. S. A. wanted to keep it. Winston Churchill bad to do quite a bit of talking in London to overcome this viewpoint, and Dutch hes-
a!l about this squabbling, and thi.s itanee was; one reasbn why lioose-
wals one of the big reasons for re- vplt 'recently' entej'tgined Princess Nca irici'eases'the dariger'to'Brazil jeeting the I'eport. The Brother- Juliana at Hyde Park. and South America. Also the Hitlerhoods also saw to it that Roo.sevelt Most important factor, howe-ver, ization of Vichy makes a tJ. S. niove leai'ndcl'about the dissen.^ion. and the reason why the British ilrid into French Guiana the next prob-
Abcbrdthg to the information giv- Roosevelt insisted ori the occupation able step,
cri to him, the board battled thi ough of Dutch Guiana, was North Africa (Copyright, 1941, by United the whole night before a reluctant and Prazil. Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
. Another' surprise was 'that the Piiesulent knew how bitteily the mediators bad wrangled among them-
sclyc.s.'
Most of the mediators were ptrbrbbsors: Thomas Reed Powell of Rarvard Law School; Walter Li Morse, dean of Oregon University -Law School; James C. Bonbright of Columbia University; Jfeseiiji H. Willits, Rockefeller Foundation; and Houston Thompson,' ^M'dshington attorney and C3k-cftairiv;an of the Federal Trade
Coninti^sion.
' Despite the .scholarly positions of'tiie conferees, however, the atnibsphcre was anything but calm anil cloistered. .At one time the p'hofessOrs were so hot under the collar that several of them almost
caiqc to blows.
The Railroad Brotherhood.s knew
troops on its soil.
NevertKelei^s, it was recalled that the downfall on the low countries’was attributed in a measure to the fact that the Belgiaris, . Ftench and'Dutch tailed'to have general stiff'’talks in 'advance of the'German attack, and the Belgians Refused to' permit French troops bn their soil In idVarfeo. Therefore, the next best''thing to having U. S. troops in Brazil was having them next door in Dutch Guiana. So with the collapse of General W^^eygand, and the Hitlerizatibn of the Vichy Gbveniinent, Roosevelt moved. For' Hitler in Pi'eneh Nort'lr Af-
PuhdusL £xjfidmnL All-American 1940-^41
. Entbrjcd as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress pF S,187f), and at the special rate of postage provided fbr in section 1103, act of October 3,
'^U^hqrized January 20, 1922: Published daily exc Ipt
aitil weekly during the Summer Session
aeriptions, $4.00.
pt Monday during the regular academic year
Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub-
Editor-ln-Cbief News Editor Hpoi-ls Ellitor.
Ned A. Ociiiltrce nusiness Manager.. . Jolin L. Traugott Managing Editor ... Phil Johnson Coed Editor. ■■
Uon S. Powers Lclaud W. ilulTncr Itutji Itose
Publication Staff ^ > Astiociatc Editors Jffiiftvrlat jjUfft J. P. Anjus, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Bropliy, 'In, L, Jljfadlcy, p', I. Jones, K. G. Kieper, kabirit StbfP: 0. T. ClHit, J. U. Fraser,.J. S. Keeler. iintMl IMaf t Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatficld, Jane Kamsdell, H&fi»iri...aOir.riiiii.0i... I.. "■ I I - ,"mi thpttns fditoriaf and SiitincM, 4005; Sportc, 2792 IdIWflaf After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Sfaff Coed Business Manager: Wotina Sicss ; Office Mandgrr: Lee Boiisong. '■ ' Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R, E.. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: 'W. D; Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean FranXenbe.rry, Francos, Llpyd, Julia Martin.
. ilepresented for national' advertising by National Adverttsi«g Service, Jnc,, College Piiblishurs KepresentaMves, 4Z0 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Nfaiit Editor: Brophr lUKt Editor: 0. Ochlitree
Day Editor: UamsdeJI Iteporters; A. Wickard, J. Smith, A. Hunter. P. Stenberg D. Glatipie, S. Beall, K. Koguemore. Spurts: J. S. DuwHun Sports Editor: Ciarit R, W. DeM^rB.
STARTS TODAY
■'H fV, .8
• 1'i
s’
,'fe
i<Y(i./
‘■iY i
‘ftf >
4 ■
lilk-
rS".
K,
tfHl'DiiiHa Tficyand^gma t)hi i( i>ld}'Cd to a scoreless tie in the IWial’ playoff " for tlVe ffatfernity toilchBaircroWn yesterday alter* upon cm Stiiart Fiejtf. Fii Ehlers ♦ (lii)-^virt|ially a|l of fhe'passi^^g for tlie ‘Flu’Deltb anti miy well be consitlercd the ' stftr of the gathc.' Ehlers is the freshman 'I ba^ltotbalf Ittminhry from‘ South Ijend Central. The game will be pflayed at a later date to be ati- , iiounced soon. i
i
•'"r ' "-f ' "" "■^"' ^ Riveter Ratquete^rs Tingle With lACTbllay
^ Chief Clevett’s Riveter Sq'uash
team will meet the 'Indianapolis Athletic Club imthe Capitol city t6day for their first scheduled match of the year. The I AC racqueteeis are an annual fixtuie on the Boilermhker card and consistently give Clevctt’s lads a good contest.
Fohmer College Playei's
The Indianapolis club is composed of young businessmen throughout thb city, most of whom played their collegiate squash here, at Indiana or some other institution in the Hoo-
sier state. > '
Two moie matches with the same ciew are on tap for later m the sea-
/
Saturday, November 29, 1941
Page Br
Wrejflers Prepare To Invade Chicago For AAU Tourney
The remaining four positions should be well taken care ot_hy four of
Kosh-Varsity
for Fferdhouse Ttiesidaf ^ • By Bob DeWiarg i* * ,flf the daily practice sessions behind the b^ovm cajivils which encircles the Fieldhoase floor are any indication^ 4i»e 1941-42 edition of the Boilermaker hardwood squad is gdiilST to be a spirited as Well as a talented organization, and' get their first chance to show their stuff when thjey tangle
with the freshman squad Tuesday evening.
This annual affair is scheduled to get under way proiBi^y at 7:30 p. m. on ,the Fieldhoase court. The intrasquad ^ntest
is being sponsored as usual by
f
u the Reamer Club, and the tick- names of freshmen players that the seveial promising sophomore • x i
candidates working out daily.
Soph Shows Propiise
ets, priced at 25 cents, are
•1 ui j; u _ JT brance. Harvey Martens and Ed Bh-
... . lers, both of whom played with Acceding to perfoimance to the club or may be purchased considerable success at Central of date, Mickey McDonald, a sopho- the gate. South Bend last year should both mote, seems to have the edge m x ^ ^ ^ the 121 pound class. In the 128 di- Pasketball A La “Firehouse” start against the varsity at the
Some 25 Riveter wrestlers led by vision, Fredericks is head and Yesterday afternoon found the forward and guard positions rc-
Captain Casey Fredericks have be- shoulders aboye the rest. The tough 'Varsity engaged m sharpening its ®Poo i e y.
gun preparations m earnest under little Irishman was high point man tiasket eye in some very impressive ■ , ,
Coach Claude Reeck in an effort to on the Riveter team last year and shooting which was chiefly of the
open the season with a win in the was.rated as one of the finest grap- range variety. Following this, flTXn /\CfU3C3i!tG
annual Midwest AAU match to be pleis in the middle West. the squad swung into a spirited drill /r +• a f
held at Chicago Nov. 12 and 13. Mutovina, another scrappy soph- Resigned to brush ujp on their noted on inue rom page j This annual evept, which is ranked omore, will probably represent the “firehouse” style of ball, which is _
, . , as one of the three toughest in the Boilermakers ip tlje j.36 pound another term for the fast breaking patterns through the water entireNever before ili Western Conference football history have their been country, was won by a strong Boil- class. In the 145 pound' division, ^^tnek that has characterized Riv- ly without the use of their hands so many open attacks of coaching setups, especially all at one time. No erjmakei team last year. " Britt, a letterman fjopt Lafayette, basketball for many years. and arms. less than four Big Ten schools, Indiana, Northwestern, Iowa, and Wis- It so happened that the victorious and Gregory, a sophomore, aie still a little early for either Claude LaBaw and Bill Snead
son. Unfortunately, Boyd and Fant, consip, either have serious dissatisfied rumblings or else aie afleady Boileimakei matmens nosed out waging a spirited battle fpr the P'Sgy Lambert or Dutch Fehring next battled topth and nail in a 100 two of the Boilermakers, are on the exploded. their arch rivals from Bloofning- top position. Britt wps handicapped 1"° forth with a definite start- yard free style race and the fojTner sipk list and will not be able to com- three of these schools, Indiana^ Wisconsin and Noithwestein, stu- ton in this match last year, so this considerably last season by ipjpries lineup for the tilt, but tentative won by a slim margin,
poic. fiwt piJblications have already written openly of the situation. At a yepi’s meeting is expepted to de- but is repoi'ted in tip top shape for approximated for both Something NeW
Nobody Is Satisfied Anywhere
Each team will enter dight men fifth ^18 'Lon school, Illinois, probably the biggest blowup of all was velop into anothei giudge battle the opener at Chicago.
squads. Don Blanken and Frosty
r to'compete for the tea pot trophy averted by the surprise lesignation of venerable Bob Zuppke.
Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, profe^^dv
which goes to the winner each yeai. Three certain starters for the Clev-ett-coached team are Captain Geqe Adams, Norm Goldstein and Dave MhcMillan. Already Played Faculty 'The Boilermakers will have the advantage df one match under their belts when they face their hosts, for
^ Our Sister School Is Inquisitive
The first oi the open attacks was at Indiana, although the attack was not*tis severe as first planned due to administrative lestraint Says the Daily Student, “The football season is over and the discussion season has started, Alvin N. (Bo) McMillin invited any ciiticism of himself and team to come into the open . . . the Daily Student agrees with Bo that an aiiing of grievances can make for a better understanding on both sides.” We continue to quote, “Bo has given Indiana coloiful teams that are good diawing cards m any stadium. . . . But with all the color and spec-
between the Hoosieis and the RiV- Pjiiatore, a first yeai man, i^nd Sprowl can be considered as sure department of phyaieil'cdtteters. Also entered in this gala Hlinka, one of the four returning starters for the varsity crew at the cation, instituted somethihg pew-nx wrestling show are teams repre- lettermen, are almost a cinch to be toi ward spots, with perhaps Blank- !A,quacade antics by 'Showing the senting eveiy Big Ten school m wegiing the Riveter colors in the Proper way to handle a ianoe. Due addition to several park and YMCA 155 and 165 pbund classes, respec- with Fred Krqmpe and B)1J i^eqtzel j. ejJceltent etbibitidn in squads from Chicago. tively. Still another sophomore by Pt the center position IVHckey Tier- Papangutp's hfeckling-Fc-Reeck this year has foui out- the name of Davis is leading the Eed Caress, Bop Riley, John , xv addr®«i<i svtstanding lettermen to form the race for the top^ position in the Conrad and Howard Hoffman are ^ save, dot wB*’ sdinc
nucleus of his eight man squad. 175 pound division. running a wide open race to see
who gets the nod when game time
rolls around.
stunts that would be difficultjemnigh
on land, climaxing tfiiem fay
handstand on the gunwbale a£ the craft. A red spotlight played upon
8-0. o.t.c.
DR. PAUL A. RISK ' DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK
— DENTISTS
400-404 Schullj: Bldg.
4th and Mam St. . Latay^ttp
thpy a faculty team recently tacular playing, the lecoid for this season is two games won and six Thursday’s paper. Said the Northivestern, “Waldorf, though, was inclined Sophomores Get fchance
on the Fieljdhouse courts; howevei, g^jnes lost, and the record of Indiana football teams since the fall of to treat DeCoxievont’s criticism of his coaching during a radio interview There are some miehtv e-ood Vrox r*"
.such men as Dutch Pehnng, Chief 1934 shows twenty-five games won, thiity-two games lost, and seven chaiitably ... the University athletic committee was aware last week 'sophomore players who are eLer Clevett, Herb Duggms and Homer ties. Theie is no evidence of friction in Indiana’s coaching staff as has of DeConevqnt’s foitfacoming mteivlew and the statements the boy to see a lot of action this season
Allen soundly trounced the varsity, peen lepoited at other universities we could name ” ^ould make . . and voted to ignore the criticisms as coming from ‘an and llitdi/fhey wiU S an « tlrs^ d“
Thus the story runs on and on, patting Bo on the back in one paiagraph obviously disappointed and disgruntled undergraduate’.” 'opportunity to perform for the fans , aaiKenea and condemning huii in the next. ^ ^ XAI C' c- u* Tuesday. A1 Menke, Rudy ► DeCorrevont Tries To Fued With Waldorf ^ Cigflt Lawson, Jack Swantz, and Bob Patty Always A Hit Bill DeCoirevont said a few things on the ladio eailiei in the week It continued, “However, there appeared to be other ‘disappointed and Johnson aye but a few of the second Patty Aspinali, IS-yeay-ohi faoldwith certain points not particularly cdmplimcntary to the Wildcat men- disgiuntied’ undergraduates at Northwestern.” And so on and on about year men who will be out to press er of ten American yecords and Nator, Lynn Waldorf As usually happens, these few points were greatly who was “disgruntled” and why. And at Northwestern they only lost the first string men for tfaejr jobs, tionai Breaststroke ChapipjDp, tried magnified from' coast to coast. thiee ball games—two by a single point, and one by a touchdown. Who Over on the freshpian floor Dutch for a new^ record apd missed ft*
The Daily Northwestern put their tyo cents woith on thp situation m would be dissatisfied with a record like that?
’ • Southworth’s
STEP RIGHT UP STUDENTS! IT’S THE SHOW OF THE MONTH! To“day at 4:00 P. M.
Now that the official STUDENT directory is published the temporary Southworth's "WHO'S WHERE” directory has served its purpose’—
'WHO'S WHERE" PRIZES
IST-
-Tnitlbn RefundCold Cash.
-bring your fee statement for
2ND—$25.00 Cash Refund on your Books and Supplies, 3RD to 10TH—$10.00 Cash Prizes—ought to be handy for Christmas. 11TH—$5.00 Cash—handy money for Christmas. 18 other prizes totaling $100.00 in Sheaffer and Parker and pencils.
Everyone who registered in the “Who's Where" directory has an equal chance to take home one of the prizes listed at the left. In addition to the prizes, free entertainment will be provided—IT'S BIGGER AND BETTER THAN A SIDE SHOW—DON'T MISS ITl
Persons must be present and claim award within 3 minutes time. COME EARLY—Bring your fee statement and share in the fun.
PlJl!l)l)tBCf)KMUfH.YiTDI!E
30a-IO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND.
"r* J It s I I ’ ' li Wi, * ) ’ «r7i Southworth s •
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S ^4 f-f -f-f
Dear Son; ' >'i \ ,),[ Jnsl ,a liije. to tell yoji Ijiqw your mother and I enjoyed our week-end at Purdue. The bea,uly coipitest was fine, aud the girls— ^ / a well sometimes I wish I were young again. We Ji^e your schqQl very much but the thing that impressed us most was the wonderful room in the Uuioii Club. It certainly was a room fit fpr a king. So well furnished, so private, and so ppiivenjent. We’re coming back again soon, so be sn^e to reserve us a Union Club Room. It
\
will really make our visit complete. Love, Dad
JhsL
fiwtdusL Tyimw^doL UnJbfL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
yp-?/
Fehripg wps getting the frosh Hpwgver', the likepble P^tty lyas primed for tfaeir first faig game as handicapped by a spraiped Wjrjst, college players, and he seemed sat- which §he btoke afaoqt twq yp3rs isfied that he has ipore than a few ago. Djck Pppenguth has (;p3iii;he4 ^ boys \yho are of top-notch caliber. Patty since her eayjy chiI4Iu9Qd' Former Scfaoolfaoy Heroes The “JMnopligfat BnUot” wps very For those followers of Indiana effective and was bpeked up fay A1 baslcetball there are quite a few Stewart and Company.
John Dilley, Boilermaker sopfao-* more and»the fourth best bppkstpoker m the country also missed his trV for a record in a race paced fay Jack Horn swimming free style. Jolmny’s time Was :43.3. Last year Di^ey gave World's Champion Adolf Keefer a terrific race here whep tfae
latter established a new
Dick Smi^fa and Alex POt on a bicycle race—yes. Ip tfap watpr —^for probably the 4rst time in history that such a laughable farce faas been conducted. The winner- Jfo one seemed to know and apybow,
whafs the difference?
Glee Club Supports Ably Here the Glee Club intervened again with a modern ballad, ‘'You and L” It was njcely done with a specially arranged crescendo. However their delivery of- the beautiful “Finlandia,” Finnish national anthem, was very stirring even though in the background for the “Flipper Ballet.” ‘ ■ ■ « ri'• Sophoipore Vein Ifmisel and jppior Jim Krueck negotiptedf a ?00 yar^ free style ip rapid fashion ppd wei e followed by an even mav® rapid quartet of free stylers who were as- ' sisted by those unique rubber flip-
pers on their feet.
One of the most enjoyable events from the spectator standpoint wps the diving exhibition, ^rbara Cook, attractive diver who grapnated from the University in 1940 came fioni her home ip Jeffersonville after two years of inactivity to almost steal the show with her ability apd poise. If what we saw was an example of Miss Cook entering the w.ater “co}d” we would likp to see her id fop cppdjtiopAnother Youngster ^ Murray Hubley, Johnny Jbengst and Herman Bauer, three ’Boifermakers, performed creditablyand at times sensationally. Pete Repsor of Lawr'enceville, 111., has a'marvelous physique for a iS-year-idd youngster and seemed perfectly kt ease and at home on the hi^’ board. The' Glee Club gave a parody’ bn “Sailing, Sailing ...” only tbicydaiig it “Diving, Diving . . Thd’iml^r impromptu sopg wps well rspeived. The comedy divers started and pandemonium roigpdd tar 15 minutes until the crowd deprpndpd that they return. They did. All except those in the balcony—and pai-tieu-larly the Glee Club—^ore sprayed and no one seemed to mind in the least. ' vh* Dick Pppepgutb himself as being vefy pleased and said tbe venture turned dut even better than he thought. ‘‘Come around toiporrow night," he said, “and we’ll
pP try to do better."
'T - '"St-■*' ^1 »1 -t^
|^pip!'t‘'4«#^i|>';', i fffl \ N ^ s pif-? ff ' ^ \ i-1 V * f /' \ ^ “j )
Purdue Exponent
sr**lKWfWK?!W5»..
* f j ^ ^ 'i J *■ , h / *
$aturiiay^ ']^t^mtiei' 29, 1941
WBAA To Broadcast Aquacade Tonight, Concert Tomorrow
Today On WBAA
Broadcasting from the Fieldhdusc this evening, WBAA will descnbe the second peifoiniaiice of the fifth Annual Aquacade fiom 8 to 8.80 Stew Wolf and Einie Moiehouse, WBAA sports announcers, will give an account of the water show The progiam will feature seveial ai langehients by Albeit P Stewait’s Glee Club Through special Fedeial Com munications Commission’s peimis Sion, WBAA will bung to its listen CIS the complete bioadcast of the St Louis Symphony Oichestia’s concert to be given in the Music Hall tomorrow Usually not on the an on Sun da^S, WBAA will begin tiansmit ting the conceit at 3 p m coiitin uing the broadcast until its com plctlon p s Knapp, Potter Speak At Engineers' Meeting Prof W A Knapp assistant dean of engineeiing and president of the Engineeiing Council, and Dean A A Pottei of the schools of engineering and chan man of the national advisory board will speak on the progiam of the Indiana en gineeis conference, which closes in Indianapolis today This meeting is the sixty second annual meeting sponsored by the Indiana Engineeiing Council and the Indiana Society of Professional Kngmeei s Prominent alumni paiticipating in the pioceedings include M W Cameion, CE ’14, L E Martin, CE ’22, and L J Dunnewold, EE ’27
3 d s
iustin Will Address Agronomy Seminar Agronomy Seminar will hold its semi-monthly meeting at 4 p m Monday in Agricultuial Hall Pi of M M Justin, semoi agiicultural statistician, and Prof R E Strasz heim, agiicultuie statistician will piesent mateiial on “Fanning Piac tices of Paiticipating and Non Pai ticipating Indiana Farmers Under the AAA Piogiam in 1940 ” An extensive suivey and a com pilation of farming methods was made during the past yeai Repie scntative faims of the nine Indiana farming aieas weie examined gws Dean Freeman To Address Bapfist Si'udenfsTomorrow Associate Dean V C Fifeeman of the School of Agriculture will ad dress the Roger Williams Club to morrow evening on the subject “The Church Faces the Student” at 6 30 in the Roger Williams Club room At 6 30 the club will conduct a so tial hour The Roger Williams Club is an organization of students of the Bap list Church Tomorrow marks the seventieth anniversary of the found ing of the Baptist Church The meetings of the club arc open to students of other denominations
d! g.
Prof. F. B. Knight Speaks At Eta Kappa Nu Initiation Eta Kappa Nu national electri cal engineering honoraiy, held its annual fall initiation Thursday eve ning The initiation was followed by the annual initiation banquet at which Prof F B Knight of the psychology department, spoke on the subject, “How to Look Out for The One ” The new initiates include J B Ciockfoid, R E Grantham, L 0 Hoffman, K S Ling, E W Markow, M M Moorhead, G B Robbins J H Sauer, R M Snyder, E M Ting ley, C H Young, W J Frantz, H J Reed and J T Youngblood jds Dr. G. A. Hawkins . , of the School of Mechanical Engineering, will attend the Amei i -tan Society of Mechanical Engi neers meeting in New York Decern ber 2 to 4 While at the convention Hawkins will attend the/meetings of the ASME Special Reseai ch Com mittee on Critical Pressure Steam Boilers which holds its meeting in conjunction with the ASME
10 00 Nows
10 10 Curio Man 10 15 Morning Melodies 10 30 WBAA Piesents 10 46 Theatre of Song 11 00 Just Kids ^
11 15 Music 11 30 Music
11 60 Purdue News 12 00 Woman Shopper 12 15 Tune Time—Chailic Powell 12 30 Meet the Band 12 45 Markets 1 00 Radio Stage 1 30 The Aimy Speaks 3 30 Campus Varieties 4 30 Afternoon Melodics 4 45 Little Miss Muffett 6 00 Just Relax
5 30 Music
5 45 Curio Man
5 oO News
6 00 Dinner Music C 30 Sports Review
6 45 Music
7 00 News of the Week
7 15 Music
7 30 Petite Musicale
8 00 Music
8 15 Scientific News 8 30 Eventide Echoes 8 46 From the Press Box 9 00 Union Mixer
9 30 Music 9 50 News
10 00 OFF THE AIR
Shanklin, Assistant State Club Leader, Will Retire Monday P M Shanklin, assistant state 4 H Club leader wil| retire on December 1 after twenty seven years of seivice in the State club department Shanklin graduated from Wabash college m 1894 and received his master’s degree m history one year later at the same institution After teaching m high schools iii the East and Indiana foi 19 years, Shaklin accepted a position on the club staff m 1914 and he has been here since that date During this time he has been m charge of pig, lamb and colt clubs and h(/ organized one of the first 4 H pig clubs
m the state
Shanklin plans to devote his time to his farm located near Crawfords ville after his approaching retire-
ment deb
Harold Kester Ag ’40, is a membei of the first class of cadets, numbering 1867, enrolled m the new Air Corps Replacement Center at Kelly Field, Texas At the Replacement Center he will go through five weeks of preliminary training before being sent to one of the 18 primary flight training schools located in the Gulf Coast Air Corps Area
Notices
CE 22 StudonU: me examination to remove C or 1 grades m CE 22 will be given from 14pm Saturday Nov 2<) in Room 801 of the Civil Bldg Those interested please see me at once —SONESON PIA Skating Party will be held Sat urday Nov 20 PIA members sign up in the PIA offiee before B p m Thursday 10c registratipn fee Bus will leave the Union at 10 p m Saturday -—BAIN ASME Debris picture will be taken Thursday Dec 4 at 7 30 p m in the Union ballroom instead of Thursday Nov 27
—UTLEY
GE 35 Removal of Condition Examina tion Dec 6 Make arrangements for tak me the examination in room 202 before Friday Dec 6 —OWEN World EcHowship hanquet Purdue Chris tian Foundation will entertain the Cosmo
I
Preshmen Engineers Meet for engineering lectures by schools Saturijay Nov 20 at 8 a m Students whoso names begin A-E (incl ) Room 254 FE Bldg second floor lecture room F Le (inCl) Room 129 BE Bldg LI R (incl ) Room 201 CE Bldg S Z Lecture Room in Michael Goldert Shops Unexplained absences are posted in Michael Golden Shops —KNAPP
Exponent juniors Dec 3 at 4 15 p office
Meeting Wednesday m in the Exponent —TRAUGOTT
Episcopal Students Corporate Com munion at St Johns Chuich Sunday Nov 30 at 8 a m Breakfast in Parish House afterwards —THORNTON Junior and Senior Independent All lun lor and stnioi independents living outside of Cary Hall that wish to run on the Pro gressive Prom and Gala Week ticket should turn in petitions staling qualiflcations to the PIA office before Monday Dec 1
SLEEPER
POMM Meeting Monday Dec 1 at 4 m in loom 105 of the Armory —BUSHNELL All Male Students Aviation Cadet Ex amining Board No 1 will be in loom 100 of
Exponent Freshmen Training school will start Tuesday Dec 2 Watch this Column for furthet details —RUEENER Military Ball Committee Seniors arc responsible that sub committee reports ale submitted by Friday Dec 4 —DIBOS Sneiefv of Automotive Engineers On Wednesday Dec 3 the society will show three fllms from General Motors Wings loi Defense Frontiers of the Future and Diesel the Modern Power This meet ing will be held at 7 30 p m in room 20" of the ME Building
- KEII
Btudent Senate , Special meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at 7 SH p m In the Senate office All members please be present —bIBOS PIA Executive Boatd There will be a very important meeting Monday Pull attendance IS required —ELDER Reamer Clubi All members who haVc not received tickets for Erosh Varsity basketball game please get them from mo in the Exponent office Saturday afternoon There will he a regular meeting Mondaj^ Dec 1 at 7 30 p m —RUPENER
Beauty Contest (Continued from page 1) art of the foui queens as Bobby Byine escorts each on out on the
stage
Aftei the contest the queens will be the guests of Veile Bogue and his oichestia at the Beauty Queen Mixei in the Union Tickets may be obtained foi 35c at Deac’s, the west desk of the Union or the table m fiont of the Sweet Shop d w o
Rev. T. J. Luke
of Indianapolis, Lafayette
distiict director of youth woik of the Methodist Chuich, will be guest speakei at the Wesley Vespers to moiiow evening at 5 45 p m A special invitation has been extended by the Foundation to all young peo pie on the campus to attend this meeting, at which the chon will sing undei the diiection of Jack Hopkins
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779
pohtan Cldb Saturday Nov 30 at b 15 Chem Eng Bldt. Dec 1 5 incl 8 30 4 p m nt l^e Christian Clmrch Get tickets Application to appear before the board
should be obtained now fiom the Adjutants office Armory —GRAHAM Wesley Foundation Christian Foundation Westminster Foundation and Roger Wil liams Club men Basketball practice in Ficidhouse Court lat 1 30 p m Saturday N( V 2) Neal Hawkins Thomas and Black meet theie at 1 ■—BLACK Sophomore Uiitin Workers Meetinj, of all Union Sophomoies luesday Dee 2 at 4 15 p m in the office No tiekcts to sell
-WORL
Phi Lambda Upsilon All {ledges must attend meeting in Chem 100 at 4 p m Monday Dec 1 —BORNS Senior Mechanicals Boothb foi the col lection of fees for picture of graduating class similar to those now in the halls of the building uill be set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday Dec 8 through Wednes day Dec 10 Fee will be '"5 cents and will covci all costs of the picture All seniors j^raduating in January June or Auj^ust art to be ineluded —GREGORY Christian Science Organization Regular meeting at 7 JO p m Tuesday Dec 2 in room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD Silver Mask Members and Pledges Meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at 7 30 p m in loom 302 of the Union There will be a pledge meeting at 8 p m —TOWER
from Jim Billingsley or Byron Rigg"
—RIGG
Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed studepts arc asked to rcpoit to the Armory Dec 1 at 4 00 p m for pistol team tiv outs Bower Brcdlow Brooks Burroff Car ter David Fisehcr Glaspic Holman Lar son Lindsay Morehouse Madden Nicholas Taylor VanCamp —BROWN AlMh Members Meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at 7 30 p m in room 356 of the Union
—STARKLY
Outing Club trip to Kickapno Falls Sat uidny Nov 2) Meet in front of the Armory at 1 p m Make icscrvations with Gale Hennis 2^)07 or Opal Blatiave 0756 before
I riday noon —DUERGLER
Novice Pistol Students desiring to fire in the sixth and last novic« pistol group tarting Dec J, should sign up in Supply Room now —BROWN Wesley Foundation Party originally scheduled for Friday Nov 28 is postponed to Friday Dee & —ROACH Roger William Club Annual picture of the entire club and of the cabinet will be taken Sunday Nov 30 in front of the West Lafayette Baptist Church immediately aftei the morning church service Plan to be there —ARTMAN Delta Rho Kappa Important meeting at r p m Tuesday Dec 2 in room 306 of Union All pledges must attend
—BIERLEIN
Radio Club Meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at 30 p m in room 5 of the EE building
—MILES
PCF The usual Sunday evening supper will be at the church at 5 15 It will be foi lowed by the leguiar schedule Hubei*t Reynolds is to be the speaker —STEIGERWALD
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Ooiversity Book Store Across From Union d Sammons 29 * Doc Epple *40
CROWN CLEANING SERVICE Helps to keep the Boys on the Campus, better dressed. CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES DO IMPROVE YOUR PERSONAL APPEARANCE Laundry
l& MTURAl AS SUASHli That Is the Quality of SUNSHINE MILK As Natural as Sunshine Yet Improved and Enhanced by the Most Modern Equipment and Processes That Modern Science Can Devise, PASTEURIZED AND HOMOGENIZED SUNSHINE FARMS
«07 N. 4lli
Phone 5015
OrT [F0B@ET ... TO LET THE FOLKS AT HOME KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING. HOW? . Not by writing, for no-one does that, anyway
ll'
Dr. A. M. Irion
1
— DENTIST —
1 I9'/2 Northweitern Ave
m
Phone 4965
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GILLESPIE'S Z2I Columbia St PHONE 6405
Send a Subscription of the PURDUE EXPONENT Today
Call 4005 EXPONENT OFFICE FOR FULL PARTICULARS