Purdue
Z-IM
Volume 5L No. 80
Exponent
Saturday, Deeeml>er 16, 1989
State Health Leaders To Meet Here Today For Annual Session Health directors, physical education leaders, deans of men and women, and others charged with handling the health probletns in the, state’s institutions of higher education will gather on the campus today for the annual meeting of the Indiana Student Health Association. According to Dr. Sayers J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service and president of the ISHA, the <iay-long session will be devoted largely to a discussion of the importance of cooperative action between the various departments and divisions of educational institutions in promoting student health. The program will include a series of addresses on various phases of the health problem by staff members, and a tour of the student health service, school of pharmacy, -Fieldhouse, Women’s Gym, and Residence Halls. Elliott To Speak The closing address will be made hy Dr. Max Bahr, superintendent of the Central State Hospital in Indianapolis, will discuss “The Constitution of Normal and 111 Mental Health.” Staff members to speak before the meeting will include President E. C. Elliott; P. R. Eastwood, associate professor of physical education; Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women; G. 0. ArbucMe, manager of the men’s residence halls; Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women; M. L. Fisher, dean of men; C. B. Jordan, dean of the school of pharmacy, and Dr. S. J. Miller and F .L. Willis, of the student health service.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Thaddeus Tedrowe, Indianapolis.
lU's Doc Thrasher To Play On Weekly Campus Varieties Doc Thrasher and his orchestra from Indiana University will be the feature attraction of Campus Varieties today as it originates from the grill lounge of the Women’s Residence Hall through the facilities of WBAA from 3 to 4 p. m. Thrasher’s orchestra, which played for the Riveters’ Rassle last Friday night, features Margaret Lorens and Bill Pirtle as vocalists. Paul Miller, sax man and vocalist with the band, was a student here last year, but transfered to Indiana University to continue his course of study. Also included in the program, which is open to the student body as usual, are Charlie and the Girl Friends, Pat Heine, Jim McKillip, Charlie Powell, Russ Mock, and Bob Fitzgerald. Cage Team To Appear At WAA Tea Monday Co-eds will watch Coach Ward L. Lambert and members of the freshman and varsity basketball squads demonstrate various basketball rules and techniques at a tea sponsored by WAA Monday at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. Coach Lambert and his teams gave an exhibition at a tea given last year by WAA and since the exhibition was so helpful in explaining the game to co-eds, Coach Lambert and players have been invited again this year. An exhibition game of badminton will be played by Jane Fishleigh, Louise Thomas, Martha Schroeder, and Georgia Walker. Patsy McFarland and Jean Jones will display the techniques of fencing. WAA members working on committees for the tea are Jo Cook, refreshments; Betty Spear and Eileen Westover, posters and advertising, and Jane Fishleigh, program.
Mixer Master
Don Phillips
Co-eds! Are You Worried About A Job? Perhaps This Will Help
By Mary Burtsfield
For co-eds only—if you are about to graduate and are a bit worried about the transition between the campus and the working world, and if you have a few dollars to spare, you can easily enjoy your Christmas vacation free from worry. Try en1 oiling at the Graduate Center located at 22 East Thirty-Eighth
Street, New York City.
For a small sum, the Center offers you “a prepartory supplement to college preparatory for like and work,” by offering to you a variety of courses and programs. Each program is scheduled to help you in some specific way, whichcjjer one you choose: business internship plans, weekly job forums, on-the-job training, intensive training programs, and occupational counseling. AAUW Original Sponsor First sponsored by the New York branch of the American Association of University Women is the Business Internship plan, now sponsored by the Graduate Center. The course was planned to emphasize fhe relationship between appraising the individual’? potentialities, exploring vocational fields and securing practice in office methods and
interviewing techniques.
A two-week intensive program of
these forums helps the student evaluate various occupations in terms of her own capacities. A special feature offered to the Graduate Center student who has completed the occupational orientation program is the actual serving of an internship in a commercial establishment over a period that covers a minimum of two months. Two Week Training Plan Another featirre of the Center is an intensive training program which lasts two weeks. This program provides a practical introduction to effective participation in various fields of business. Applicants for this group of instruction may be undergraduates or graduates of recognized colleges. This program may be scheduled sepaxately; one week during Christmas vacation, and the other during the Easter vacation or at the end of the
school year.
Occupation counseling, including vocation testing, personal appraisal, and occupational suggestions, offers an additional service to persons de-
siring counsel.
Aquacade Stars Break Four State Records; Tie 1 National
Don Phillips' Orchestra To Play For Mixer Tonight Don Phillips and his orchestra will appear here tonight, playing for the regular dollar mixer in the Union ballroom from nine to twelve. The band, which was organized ten years ago, has been featured a^t both the Brown and Henry Clay Hotels in Louisville, Ky. Recently they have been broadcasting over radio station WHAS, also in Louisville. Others of their more prominent engagements include Park ballroom m Detroit, Mich ; Hotels Severin and Antler, Indianapolis; the French Casino in St. Louis, Mo., and broadcasts over station KMOX in St, Louis, The band, which offers a variety of enteitainment, will piesent several specialty numbers of their own arrangement. The backdrop for the PIA Christmas dance, consisting of an enlarged Chiistmas wreath with a candle in the centei, will be used. Several Christmas trees will be placed along the ballroom walls to add to the holiday atmosphere. Delta Gamma Will Pledge 29 Girls This Afteraoon Delta Gamma actives from the Butler and Indiana chapters, and local alumnae of Delta Gamma will pledge 29 gnls, foimer Pedalion members, today at 4:30 p. m. in the chapter house. Initiation and installation of the eighth national sorority on campus will take place some time after Christmas, probably at the beginning of the second semester. Arrangements have been made for a formal dinner following the pledging. The Delta Gamma Colony will hold its formal dance tonight in Duncan Hall. Four Winners ... of aeronautical scholarships awarded by the Scrips-Howard newspapers have chosen Purdue and are em oiled as freshman engineers. They aie Warren G. Koerner, Evansville; Robert E. Robert, Memphis, Tenn.; William Hebenstreit, Indianapolis, and David A. Frost, Evansville.
Adivlfy Men Speak Af Freshman Forum Closing its series of activity orientation programs for freshmen yesterday afternoon, the Activities Bureau presented a forum consisting of speakers representing three service activities to a group of over 60 freshmen. The speakers were: Paul Coopter, Union president, who pointed out the value,' to all activities, of the grovrth of the Union; Althea Jorgeson. Activities Bureau Director, and Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president. Activities Bureau plans to sponsor a mass meeting of freshmen again this year previous to the issuance of a general freshman call by activities. WLW To Present Campus Broadcast , WLW will present the second annual Agricultural Alumni Association broadcast during the program “Everybody’s Farm Hour” between 11:35 and 12:30 C. S. T. today. Ed Masson, agriculture announcer for WLW will introduce Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president; Harry Reed, dean of Agriculture; Prof. F. C. King, head of the animal husbandry department; Prof. Claude Vestal, swine expert of the experiment station; Prof. V. C. Freeman, associate dean of Agriculture, and T. R. Johnson, publicity director. These men will tell of the University contributions in agriculture to the state. The University symphonic band if ninety pieces 'will provide musical interludes. Chinese Club To Hear Hall, Wiley Speak Next Tuesday With the objective in mind of bringing about more familiar relations between Americans and Chinese as a people as well as a nation, the Chinese Students’ Club will hold an open meeting in the Union leception room at 7:30 next Tuesday evening, December 19. Speakers at the meeting will be Professor Frank Hall and J. W. Wiley, both of the History, Economics, and Government department. Piofessor Hall’s subject vdll be, “America’s Interest in the Par East.” Wiley vdll speak on, “What effect will the arms embargo on Japan have on the undeclared war?” Hon. C. S. Osborn . . . former governor of Michigan, who received a Bachelor of Science degree here a few years ago ^'of the class of 1880, of which he was originally a member, is the subject of an interesting feature in the January issue of Redbook magazine.
Griswold Cuts Capers; Kiefer To Perform At Tonight's Show
By Stewart Marquis
Providing a crowd of 650 cheering Boilermaker fans with more than their fill of “thrills, chills, and spills,” the opening performance of the third annual Dilphin-Triton “Aquacade Varieties” show held last night in the Fieldhouse pool proved to be the most successful of the series. Featured by the setting of four new Indiana AAU records, the tieing“ of a National record, and a side-splitting comedy act, this opening night performance kept the spectators on the edge of their seats throughout
the entire program.
Universify Club Will Give Christmas Party Members of the University Club will dine and dance at the Club’s Christmas party to be given Monday night in the Union building. Private dinners will be held between 7 and 8:30 o’clock. At 8:46 o’clock the Purdue Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing Christmas carols in the Great Hall of the Union building. Dancing in the Union ballroom will begin at 9 o’clock to the music of Irvan-Maury and their orchestra. For those who prefer playing cards, tables will be set up in the faculty lounge. Mr. and Mrs. H. G. DeKay and Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Keller will be in charge of those playing cards. Officers of the club urge all staff members to cairy their membership cards as they will be used for admission into the ballroom. Pianist Composer Fames Will Give Lecture Recital On Music Room Program Henry Purmont Eames, Ameiican pianist and composer, will give a lecture recital at the next Music Room program on January 7. He will lecture on “The Rings of the Nibelungs,” a sequence of four mu-sic-dramas. Eames, who lectured last year on “Wagner, the Man and His Music,” will make a more definite study of the myths this year. The American pianist-lecturer has his LL.B. degiee from Northwestern and Mus. D. from Cornell. As a pianist he has toured France, Great Britain, Ireland, Japan, and the United States. He taught and lectured three years in Paris, and held faculty positions in the University of Nebraska, Cosmopolitan School of Music (Chicago), and the American Conservatory of Music at Chicago. At present Mr. Eames has a professorship of Musical Art and Aesthetics in Scripps College and Claremont Graduate College, California. He has won two national prizes in composition and has published songs, choruses, and pageants.
Lost And Found Office Full; Owners Fail To Claim Their Property
Occupational Orientation gives the Graduate Center student a picture <of her capacities and the occupational goals for which she is personally suited. Through various 'methods: tests and individual conferences, consultants in speech, posture and grooming, each intern discovers her skills, her capacities,
and her good and bad points. Job Forum A Sximuius
An important stimulus to each student’s occupational orientation is the weekly Job Forum. Talks and round-table discussions conducted by men and women of prominence in various fields are held each week. ‘The information she secures from
Three hundred articles, enough to completely fill two closets, are in the Student Senate office on the second floor of the Union waiting to be claimed by their owners. These various articles, including everything from pencils to overcoats —have been collected by the Senate’s lost and found committee, headed by John Stewart and Mar-
garet Mitchell.
Featui mg “complete campus coverage,” the committee visits every University building once a week, collecting all articles that have been turned in. These are then taken to the Senate office where
they are listed on filing cards, which contain the number assigned to the lost article, a brief description and the date found. In pase any contain names, the owner is immediately notified. Owners File Description When the owner calls for his property, he is asked to evaluate it. The assigned value is then placed on the card. In this manner, the Senate can tell at the end of the year how much service they have been to the students. Already 126 dollars worth of lost articles have been delivered to their owners.
In case anyone has lost something that cannot be found in the lost and found files, his name, along with a description of the article, is taken and filed away. He is then immediately notified when it turns up. According to Stewart, if the person finding the article leaves his name, he ■“'ill receive n'wner«ihip of the lost property if it is not called for. Freshmen Lose A Lot Altogether 60 notebooks, *76 text books, mostly freshman chemistry and militai’y, have been turned in.
A grand total of 52 hats and caps have been found. Here again the freshmen lead the list, since of this total 15 were green pots. Any student that has only one glove, can probably find the mate on the lost and found shelves—they now have 32 gloves, both singles and pairs. Other articles include jewelry, slide rules, pens, pencils, glasses, purses, and keys. Perhaps the oddest piece of clothing in the collection is a baby sweater found in the Electrical Engineering building. Along with it are several other sweaters, rain coats, overcoats, and jackets.
Larry Griswold, comedian parexcellence, put on a surprise act which climaxed the evening’s performance. His superb clowning tumbling, and acting was a demonstration of his ability which wowed the multitudes at Billy Rose’s New York World’s Fair Aquacade last summer. Larry rates among the top aquatic comedians in the country. " National Record Tied Patty Aspinal, 13-year-old breast stroke star, turned in an excellent performance in her attempt to beat Katherine Ravds Thompson’s recTonight’s performance of the Dolphin-Triton Aquacade will start at 8 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool. A number of tickets are still available. They can be purchased from any Dolphin or Triton, at the Union desk, or at the Fieldhouse ticket offi;ce for 40 cents. Old in the 300 meter breast stroke. , Swimming the grueling flying breast stroke all the way and egged on by the cheering spectators, Patty literally “flew” the 300 meters in 5 minutes, 6.2 seconds to tie the national women’s record. In an attempt to set a new National record in the 300 yard men’s breast stroke, Joe Williamson, Boilermaker freshman, failed by several seconds. However, on the way he set a new Indiana AAU record of 2:39.5 in the 200 yard breast and 2:57.6 in the 220. Joe will be out to break the record in the 100 yard breast stroke at tonight’s show. Jack Carney, Riveter fiosh, and John Giaham, Boilermaker svsdmming captain, provided the crowd with a thrill when they set out to break the Indiana AAU record in the 440 and 500 yard free style events. Carney raced the 440 yards in 5:15.5 to chalk up a new mark and Giaham carried on to break the 500 yard record with a 6:10.5 peiformance. Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming coach, kept up a running patter on the events. Other Fine Performances Betty Bemis, Miimesota schoolgirl who placed a very close second in the national backstroke event last year, made an attempt to break the women’s 100 yard backstroke mark and tm-ned in the very credible time of 1:13.3. Her sister Lorraine Bemis, Purdue freshman, came within .6 of a second of the Indiana AAU record. Barbara Cook and Laveme Herbter. Boilermaker fancy diving artists, gave a splendid diving exhibition from both the low and high boards. Both of these girls rank up among the best women divers and proved it by last night’s perform-
ance.
Members of the Riveter varsity and frosh swimming teams participated in several regular events, demonstrating the free style, breast stroke, and backstroke. The frosh broke through wit\a win over their seniors when they rung up a time of 1:26.6 in the medley relay. Proving that Boilermaker comedians can also put on a good slapstick comedy act, Chuck Luce and Chuck Gardner, local clowns, presented their special takeoffs on the land-grabbing traits of Messrs. Hitler and Mussolini. Reigning as queen of the third an(Continued on page 4)JA.-' I’’' '.'S-.v' I '
i;
M
^ 1 t
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sctturday< December 16> 1939
But
Incidentally—
Jinudif. JoUl
By Vladimir While looking through the exchanges for something worth plagarizing yesterday, we ran across a paper which had been rolled and wrapped in a newspaper.This wasn’t unusual, except that the paper in the wrapping was the Minnesota Daily, and we KNOW from past experience that the Daily wraps their papers for exchange purposes in plain white copy paper. So we thought we would investigate the wrapping. We’re glad we did. We quote from it: “Hon reste sig ocksa, tog bans hand och tryckte sig narmare honom. Varfor skulle hand lamna henne? Det var ju redan sa sent—^kunde han inte atervanda till flygfaltet pa morgonen?”
Christmas Spirit
... is once again spreading over the country, with Christmas carols talcing their share of radio programs, churches planning special services, shopping districts “dressing up,” and Santa Clauses in department stores dutifully listening to the desires of tiny tots. With Christmas comes vacation, with vacation comes “home” for most students, and with home comes many a happy family reunion at the Christmas-day dinner.
That’s what we say, “Pa morgonen?” * « * What goes on in the Daily’s offices, anyhow? Are they breeding a hotbed of international intrigue ? We dunno. We hope it’s nothing serious.
At Purdue, however, students will have an opportunity to catch the spirit of Christmas even before school closes on Wednesday. Practically everybody likes to sing, regardless of their actual vocal ability, and Christmas time finds most of the American public singing, humming, or whistling Christmas carols as it goes about its daily business.
For the past half hour we’ve been sitting across the table from a gql with one of those ungodly necklaces on. Every time we look up we see five tiny pocketbooks on a chain. 'Two red, two purple, and one green. With gold trimming. But what bothers us is, “Is there anything in them?”
The University Choir and Concert Choir are already scheduled ,to sing at two special religious convocations in Eliza Fowler Hall on Sunday, one at 4:30 and the other at 8:00 p. m. Now the Student Union has completed arrangements for public Christmas caroling in front of the Union buildiifg at 9:30 Sunday night, following the concert in Fowler Hall.
We’U probably never know—but if anyone who reads this column finds out, please tell us. Then maybe we won’t feel so badly about the puddle on the Union steps. Which, by the way, was back yesterday. ' Do pocketbook necklaces signify anything? You must admit that it looks like a blatant statement of the awful truth; an admission of nefarious co-ed “you-will-pay” activities. Oh, well, forget it.
The Men’s Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, will sing over a public address system to lead the crowd, and words to popular carols will be projected on a large screen in front of the Union. Free coffee and doughnuts will be served in the Union cafeteria immediately after the caroling.
The boys from the Soc class who marched the Russian^ across the bridge have reported that they marched them back again. This time they did it single file, just to get advance information in case Finland does build narrower bridges. If you would like to guess how long it took, go ahead. If you don’t want to, we’ll tell you it was 11 years.
This public caroling was attempted for the first time last year, and was quite successful. Again this year the Union and musical organizations cooperate to give students themselves the chance to sing as a group. As cooperation beWeen campus activities, it’s good. As a reminder of the birth of Christ some 1939 years ago, it’s most worthwhile. As a chance for vocal expression of the Christmas spirit from the student body, it will be reverential fun.
Eleven years to cross a bridge. We wouldn’t call that Russian.
I Purdue Exponent R, 'E. Insley —.Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith 3usineB8 Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick JJanaging Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling.™ Co-ed Editor R, Jenkins... ™.....Si>orts Editor Phones: Editorial, 4006 ; Business, 6088 i Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second claw matter at &e post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8. 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. hipuksknted for national advertising EY National AdvertisiilgService, Inc. Collegt Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston • Los Angeles - San Fbancibco National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Frees. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year; by mail, $3.50. Business office located at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise aeci^ited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Night Editor Miers Issue Editor Smith
Class. Teacher, Prof. Ted Noss. 10:35 a. m.—Christmas sermon, “Did Christ Come Too Soon?” Christmas music by the choir. Anthem, “Guiding Star,” Wooler. Solo, “Cantique de Noel,” by Alberta Schmadel. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Home Hour and Discussion Gi'oup. Christmas music.
Bull Session
7:00 p. m.—Roger Williams Club players will present, “Why the Chimes Rang,” directed by Helen Ruth Cox.
The annual presentation of the “Yule Candle” will be made to some one in the church for some particular contribution in service to the church and the club over a period of years.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students
Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church.
9:30 a. m.—Student discussion group, led by Dr. Graves.
JomoMow^ 9jrL
Jfm ChuJudhsA,
10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon, “Does It Mean Me?” by Dr. W. R. Graham. Music furnished by the choir, “God So Loved the World,” by Stainer.
Methodist Students Christinas Sunday at Purdue 9:30 a. m.—^The Co-ed Class will present a Christmas tableau and worship service at the Wesley Foundation. 9:30 a. m. — Men’s Student Classes at the church. 1. “Religion in Literature,’ ’Dr. H. L, Creek.
Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Forum. Supper will be served. The evening will be spent in singing Christmas carols.
Dear Bull: As you have so obligingly opened your new column to anyone to speak on anything, I would like to take an opposing stand to Mister R. J. L.’s letter in this column on Thursday. R. J. L. voiced the need for more clocks in the Union. I object to placing more clocks in the Union. We spend all of our time from 7 a. m. to 5 p. m. watching a clock. Everything we do we have to time to the split minute. We have to get up on time, start for school on time, get to class on time, arrive at WRH on time (or else) and get back to WRH on time (darn it). Our entire academic life is based on the minute hand of a clock. Why shouldn’t there be one spot on the campus where clocks have no place. I sincerely indorse the Union’s apparent stand on keeping the Union free from becoming another class room. Keep clocks out of the Union. Give R. J. L. his clock in the Browsing room, but no more. —A Union Adict.
“Christianity and Cooperatives,” Dr. A. A. Smith. 3. “The Life of Chi’ist,” Lester Robinson. 10:40 a. m.—Christmas sermon by Dr. 0. S. Steele. 6:15 p. m.—(After the Convo)— Fellowship Supper in charge of Joyce Winkelpleck. (16c). 6:30 p, m.—^“Why the Chimes Rang,” presented by the Wesley Players in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Over at 7:15
LU^
SUNDAY . MONDAY
PLUS —
9:16 p. m.—Annual Caroling Party. Leave the Foundation in cars promptly at the close of the Convocation.
Roger Williams Club West Lafayette Bgptist Church 9:80 a. m.—Roger Williams Club
teBEERy^
M-G-M Picture
— LAST DAY — THE KANSAS TERRORS' — and — JOHNNY DOWNS
in "LAUGH IT OFF"
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
— AND-
JACK RANDALL — IN — 'TRIGGER SMITH'
ALSO-
SUNDAY - MONDAY "SECOND FIDDLE" "TARZAN FINDS A SON" "MICKEY MOUSE"
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
Starts TOmNOW
A iON-AWAY MERRY-GO ROUND! The Year’s Gayest Comedy of Love and Marriagel
WALTER WANGER 11
5TARRINO ■ LORETTA DAVID YOUNG * NIVEN HUGH HERBERT • BILLIE BURKE C. AUBREY SaiTH . BRODERICK CRAWFORD -LAST TIMES TODAY-
FAY BAINTER EDMOND LOWE — IN —
'OUR NEIGHBORS— THE CARTERS'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
As you sit down and dunk your toast in your coffee this fine morning, we will bring you the news' of the day "but never mind the broom as there isn’t enough dirt on the campus to make MARGE BAUMGART wink at an ed. —B & B— DESIGN FOR LIVING Up at seven. Breakfast at seven-thirty. Back to bed at eight. Repeat three times daily. —B & B— Just imagine—■ George Baker with his hair mussed up ... by Wilma Bear. Mary Mangold without a fish on her arm. Bill Berg spending an afternoon in the Sweet Shop sitting with men only. Hank Miller standing on a box to kiss his date good night. Any Alpha Chi without a Beta. Yourself in a car; at the airport; with Sue Condit . . . wake up, dreamer. —B & B— We were sorry to hear that Professor Murphy of the History Department was confined to his home Jn Brookston Wednesday with a bad cold ... what bothers us is the fact that Ruth Bryant was supposed to take him out to dinner Tuesday evening and knows nothing about it. —B & B— There’s no wonder that the Thetas are beating the Kappas out in the beauty contests . . . they entertain the shots on the campus with afternoon tea dances. —B & B— “The match is no good after the flame dies,” says little Oswald the, office boy. —B & B— First Local—Do you like bear steak. Second Same — I don’t know. Mother always makes ours with dressing. —B & B— Bulletin—Section of fire escape on the girls’ dormitory fell down. Five men injured. —B & B— “There’s bars in them hills,” sez the old farmer. “But our little Nell isn't affeared of bars, she’s got a bicycle, and she can handle bars. —B & B— She—^Thank you for the hug and kiss. He—The same to you, the pressure was all mine.
“The wife’s beginning to wonder why I’ve stopped biting my nails!”
Phi Kappa Sigs Take Courts For Ball Games
First In Fraternity
Available In Fieldheuse
Wrestling Tourney
Eight Greek grunters coached by Claude Reeck, Riveter wrestling mentor, came through last night to win the eight events in the annual interfraternity wrestling tourney. Forty-six fraternity men have been preparing for this tourney for the past five weeks under the watchful eyes of Coach Reeck. Pbi Kappa Sigma won the tourney by taking two firsts and a second while Delta Chi followed closely with two wins. Siler from the Beta house won in the 121 pound class, Culbertson and Boedecker of the Phi Kappa Sigs took firsts in the 128 and 165 pound classes, Rawlins and Lindeman, Delta Chis, won firsts in the 145 and 156 pound classes, Overback, a Pi Kappa Al-
Three basketball courts in the Fieldhouse gym are available to all men for use on Saturday afternoons from 1 to 6:30 p. m. Organized teams may come and play, but any single individual will have ample opportunity to get in the g^ame as most of the teams will be formed here and the games are of the “pickup” variety. Referees are to be present at this time and they have been instructed to clear their floors every 16 minutes if other players are waiting so that everyone will be given a chance to play. - I The Fieldhouse is also open on Sunday afternoon from 1 to 4:80 p. m.
pha, won in the 136 pound division, while Lafuse, and Gavit, two Alpha Chi Rho men, took firsts in the 176 and heavy divisions.
MIDNIGHT PREVUE TONITE 11:30
DAVIS AfkrCa4fi. HOPIOVS THE OID MAID
with &BRENT
DONALD CRISP . JANE BRYAN LOUISE FAZENDA • JAMES STEPHENSON.JEROME COWAN WILLIAM LUNDICAN CECIUA LOFTUS
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
FRED STONE — IN — No Place To Go
-plusheroes IN BLUE
STARTS TODAY
BETURRS IN A NEW ROMANTIC HIT!
And what a iollow-up triumph .. . with two such gay blades as BOB TAYLOR and LEW AYRES trying to get the indide track to her heart!
Billie BURKE Reginald OWEN George BARBIER
— PLUS — All Color Cartoonf
Saturday, December 16, 1939
^xpomnL fiaqsL
Ten Fraternity Net Squads Remain In Unbeaten Division Going into the fifth round of the exciting, closely contested race for the interfraternity basketball crown, we find only 10 teariis in the interfraternity league which remain^ unbeaten, including three Greek quintets which have an unbroken string of four victories each. These squads holding top honors are the Kappa Sigs, Pi Kappa Alphas, and the Acacians, while the cagers representing Theta Chi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, Sigma Phi Epsilon, andPhi ^appa Psi all hold perfect records with three wins apiece. Thursday night’s competitions found 12 fraternities battling it out on the hardwood, with several final scores which might have fallen either way, but for the breaks of the game. The Kappa Sigs extendr ed their winning streak with a victory over Beta Theta Pi to the tune of 33-18. The Kappa Sig sharpshooters held sway throughout, leading by 14 points at the half, and scoring 16 more in the final period. Blockson led the Alpha Gamma Rho quintet to a 22-8 victory over Phi Kappa Tau, sinking almost half of the AGR total tallies, and scoring eighi^ points in the first half. The Acacia-Kappa Delta Rho tilt was one of the most evenly matched events of the evening, but the Acacian five finally pulled ahead for a 16-14 victory, for their fourth
Squash Team Plays Doubleheader Today Facing a double dose of competition today, th6 Boilermaker squash squad will meet the Dayton YMCA in the Fieldhouse this afternoon, and then close the day’s proceedings with a match against the Officers of Wright Field tonight. Today’s competition will be the second and third frays of this year’s edition of Riveter squashmen, as previously the local racquet-wield-ers had defeated the Dearborn Club of Chicago by the score of 3-2. Capt. E. H. Eberhart, R. M. Morely, K. E. Blessing, R. F. Munro, and Jim Mann will compose the Boilermaker team.
straight. Rogers of Acacia and Henry of Kappa Delta Rho vied for high point honors with eight points apiece. Sigma Alpha Epsilon triumphed oVer the Phi Kappa Sigs with a final score of. 36-30, led by Paul Oxley. Paul scored 17 points for the SAEs, making him high point man for the entire evening’s competition. The Sig Pis decisively defeated Sigma Chi’s cagers in last night’s competition to the tune of 31-14. It was Sig Pi all the way, with Bob Kersey ringing up 13 points, and the Sigma Chi quintet being completely shut out in the final period. Shimer, Theta' Chi, scored 11 points to lead his quintet to a 26-20 victory over Delta Upsilon, with Metzger of Delta Upsilon trailing Shimer, high point man, by only one point.
Flowers—to win the heart of any fair lady. Our corsages ore made from the finest selection. Avoid disappointment by ordering from QIwJl JJb%aL Qo.
527 Main
Phone 5432
Td cmimiK
Br ISNTHiRIC Enhance the significance of /our gift to him by selecting from the Lenthdrio line of toiletries designed for men of action. This mannish-looking gift set offers a trim, ivory-tone bowl of Shaving Soap with a matching container of After Shave Powder combined with a flacon of After ’’'Shave Lotion or Eau de Cologne* Set-$2.75
cfoseihi LOEB AHCNf COMMHV
^uJdsutiu ^IwiaL
By Robert J. Deckard While buzzing around the alumni office yesterday afternoon trying to chase up a bit of .copy material, chanced to hop into a conversation with Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, about Piggy Lambert, Boilermaker basketball coach, who is oftimes called the dean pf Big Ten basketball. —^fc— Baugh has been around Purdue for a good many years, and has known Piggy since.he left a coaching job at Lebanon high school to take up duties as a Boilermaker mentor in basketball. —^fc— “Piggy’s success in basketball in addition to teaching fairly good players a few more things than the fundamentals of the game,” Baugh declared, “is due to the innumerable tricks he pulls out of his hat every once in a while.” —^fc— Explaining this, Baugh said that Lambert doesn’t utilize any welldefined system of basketball . . . He doesn’t define any well-earned certain path of the players and the path of, the ball. “He drills on possibilities of plays and surprises and he himself does not know where the ball is going,” he continued. “Neither do the scouts who see Purdue games. This is one of the big reasons why Piggy turns out such a good team. He’s always pulling out a bunch of surprises. Not many scouts come to Purdue any
Netmen Prepare For Western Invasion
more,” he ad libbed. —fc— Baugh chased through some of the files and pulled out a February, 1938, edition of the Alumnus, alumni monthly, and showed us an article written by Jerry Brondfield\ Phoenix, Ariz. —^fc— Brondfield wrote the following about Piggy that befits part of his personality and partly explains why he has become a basketball coach: “Lambert in season—and his season extends from October until April—eats, sleeps, and breathes basketball. His actions on the bench, especially during a close game, are highly entertaining to say the least.” “Frequefttly he rushes onto the floor and into a heated argument without the permission of the officials.” This helps to explain why Lambert, “fighting” coach, has become successful in the net game. —fc— “His language is becoming a little softer and easier of the years of late,” Brondfield continues. “Heretofore an unhappy turn of events would bring forth a flow of wordage that would make a drunken sailor sound like an Oxford professor.” Fred Beretta . . . Boilermaker basketball captain, was taken to the Home Hospital Thursday evening with an infected foot. According to Dr. Miller, head of the student health service, Beretta was placed there only as a matter of precaution and was much better last night.
Boilermakers Faced With The Problem Of Meeting Five Top-ranking Quintets Faced with the problem of meeting the cream of the Western and Southwestern basketball crops during the Christmas holidays, the Boilermaker net forces yesterday dashed through an intensive practice session on the Fieldhouse floor.
Fully aware of the invading
Give Glaiz's— They're home made! Delicious chocalates and bonbons, a gift that will satisfy the most critical. We pack them in colorful .gift boxes, and arrange them for mailing.
GLATZ^S
536 Main St.
Phone 4441
aware
squads’ power, Coach Piggy Lambert really chased his charges around the hardwood in hopes of bringing them up to mid-season form for Wednesday’s encounter with the Trojans of Southern- California, Fully satisfied with the Riveter’s showing in the Detroit tilt, Piggy spent most of yesterReserved seat tickets for the Southern California game have been placed on sale at Decker’s in Lafayette. Tickets for^all five of the holiday games are available at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. Reserved seat tickets for the Washington State, Oregon, Southern Methodist, and Rice games will be placed on sale at Decker’s Monday. day’s basketball get-together in perfecting the Boilermaker passing attack. Against the superior height of invading teams, the success or failure of the Gold and Black endeavors will depend chiefly on whether or not the Riveter passes are clicking. . . Southern Cal First Southern California, first of the touring quintets to face the Boilermakers, will bring with them four of the starting five that trampled the local lads last year by a score of 36-30. Only Captain Goodrich will be absent from the Trojan’s ranks and his place will be ably filled by either of a pair of veteran lettermen. The Westerners wiU open! their present mid-western efforts against DePaul’s raging Blue Demons at Chicago on Monday. Washington State Second Washington State, regarded as one of the best teams in the northern half of the Pacific Conference, will provide the second bit of opposition for the Boilermakers when they invade the local hardwood on Thursday evening. Piggy scouted
Coed SopTiistication— A woman’s crowning glory is her hair. Be a star during the coming pre-holiday events. Shine with brilliance, with our deft individual stylng. Our expert operators are at your disposal. Our coiffures are known for their— Charm — Simplicity — Originality
Puritan Water Softeners Insures Soft Water Always LOEB AHENC COMPANY
3 Outstanding Hair Stylists 10 Efficient Beauticians
fienuhj ^oiofL
Chic— That’s the word for it. Why not keep it that way.^ No proud owner could take better care of a lovely garment than we do. Every garment is handled separately and treated with the utmost respect for its value to you. WnitSiiteGbaitm.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
the Northmen last night when they emerged from the Northwestern fracas on the wrong end of a 41-29 score, but expressed himself as believing that the western squad is much better than last night’s score indicates. “They have plenty of height and can be mighty dangerous when they start hitting,” Lambert said. As an added feature of the Boil-ermaker-Trojan clash, the Meridian AC Juniors will provide entertainment between halves and after the game Avith a battle between two picked midget quintets. The youngsters will play one ten minute half at the intermission in the collegiate battle and the other immediately following the game. Musical entertainment at the Southern California game will be provided by members of the Boilermaker Band, who will stay over especially for the contest. Spectators at the four other vacation encounters will also be provided with musical interludes. The West Lafayette high school band will play for the Washington State and Oregon games, while the Jefferson high school band will take over for the Southern Methodist and Rice tilts.
BASKETBALL Monday Court 1—N. Hill. 7:00—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 2. 7:16—Ward 84 vs. Ward 6. 8:00—Ward 21 vs. Ward 12. 8 :15—Ward 27 vs. Ward 29. Court 2—J. Kurtz. 7 :00—Cary Hall 13 vs. Cary Hall 3. 7:15—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 9. 8:00—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 12. 8:16—Ward 4 vs. Ward 6. Court 3—A. C. Harmsen. 7:00—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 8. 7:16—Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 15. 8 :00—^Ward 14 vs. Ward 36. 8:15—^Ward 33 vs. Ward 10. Court 4—J. Welsch. 7 :00—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 3. 7:16—Ward 8 vs. Ward 26. 8 :(M)—^Ward 28 vs. Ward 38. 8:15—Ward 7 vs. Ward 22.
SQUASH Today Courts 1, 2 ,3— 1:00—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 1:30—Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 2:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 2:30—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 3:00—Alpha Chi Kho vs. Delta Tau Delta. 3:30—Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 4 :00—Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 4:30—^Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
Wrinkles Shake Right Out • Need no Ironing
Seams Won't Rip
Will not run Shrink or sag
Fit Perfectly
TWO STYLES Californio Top with V Bock Curvod Bra-Top Elastic Back
THIENE & WANGERIN CO. 622.«26 Main St*THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sctturday> December 16/ 1939
Aquacade Stars (Continued from page 1) nual aquacade, Mary Mather, Boilermaker co-ed equestrian and athletic star, presented each of the rec-ord-breakers with a scroll denoting the occasion. Interspersed throughout the progiam of speed swimming, diving, and clowning were numerous variety and novelty acts which kept the program alive. Smoke writing, rubber band races, crab races, ballet swimming, and a Houdini bag trick were some of the best acts. During the evening Dick Papenguth introduced Stan Braiminger, coach of Kiefer. Kiefer, who is the world’s champion back stroke swimmer, will attempt to break one of the world’s records at this evening’s performance of the aquacade.
THE BmS£R
By John Strange A Coffin For Dimitrios, by Eric Ambler. Fi'om college professor to plumber there is one type of book that everyone reads once in a while, a good detective story. Among the newer and better books of this type is Eric Ambler’s “A Coffin for Dimitrios.” Written in the third person about an ex-professor, Larime Latimer, now the writer of murder stories, action begins in a Turkish police station with “body found in the bay —stabbed in the back,” a statement ending the police record of Dimitrios. The arch criminal, Dimitrios, is the master mind of espionage, drugs, white slavery, assassination; he has a criminal record in every European country. Latimer decides to try his hand at practical detection; what can he find in the past about Dimitrios? Searching from city to city, unearthing fact after fact, he meets Peters, who offers him five hundred thousand francs for certain information legarding Dimitrios. Latimer honestly does not know what information Peters wants, which is a veiy amusing situation. Through Peters, he comes upon Grodek, the international spy leader, and learns how spies work. Joining in the blackmailing of a dead man, Latimer becomes the only eye witness to the fatal climax. Truly it is an odd and fascinating story and is the best that Mr. Ambler, rising young wi’iter of mystery stories, has yet written.
The Witch in the Wood, by T. H. ' White. Thi‘= unusual novel introduces an element of farce into the legend of King Arthur. The lady of the title is none other that Queen MorgaUse of Lothian and Orkey, a woman who retains her school-girl complexion by the use of mud-packs and beauty creams, brought to her out of the future by the blackest of magic. The subject of her synthetic charms are those notable knights. King Pelinore and Sir Grummore Grummursum, while her husband, King Lot, is away fighting the young King Arthur. Among the most humorous incidents in the story is the action of a fake Questing Beast (two of the knights dressed to play the part) and its meeting with the real beast •—all ending with the real one in love with the phony. Another very funny tale concerns the Queen’s ice carnival. Seemingly the lords and gentry have a good time, after an inebriated fashion. The carnival is brought to a speedy conclusion wffien the queen and three knights fall through the ice. “The Witch in the Wood” has^ probably some of the most hilarious passages in English fiction; and this inspired bit of lunacy at the Castle of Lothian makes good reading if you like real humor. Church Group Sponsors 'Kid'Party Tonight At 7:30 University Presbyterian Church y will sponsor a “kid” party to be held at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street, today at 7"SO p m. All students are invited to attend dressed as “kids,” and are asked to bring a 10 cent gift. The gifts are to be used during the party and then distributed to the less fortunate childien of the community.
Roger Wiiiiams Ciuh Will Stage'Why Chimes Rang' Roger Williams Club will present a play entitled “Why the Chimes Rang,” tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Production .will be directed by Helen Ruth Cox while the cast consists of Eugene Schaefer, Arthur Keppler, Louise Peterson, Willis Schalliol, Patricia Ludwig, Paul Godfrey, Phyllis Horton, LeRoy Smith, and Mary Beard. Stage is managed by Dean Wright, property by Laurence Wiles, and lights by William Fish. Caroling and lighting of candles will begin at 7 o’clock. The play will follow immediately. Professor Ray B. Crepps Returns From Washington Professor Ray B. Crepps, in charge of the Materials Testing Laboratory of the School of Civil Engineering, has returned from a week’s trip in the East during which he attended a meeting of the National Committee on Mortars of the American Society for Testing Materials, of which he is a member. The meeting took place at the National Bureau of Standards in Washington, D. C. Enroute to Washington, Professor Crepps visited the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and attended a conference on photoelasticity, a recent scientific development for stress distribution in machinery and building. < USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
Phi Lambda Upsilon Announces Initiates Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary chemical society, held initiation ceremonies last Tuesday evening at the Fowler Hotel. L. F. Audrieth, professor at the University of Illinois and editor of the society’s national paper, was guest speaker at the dinner. The new initiates are F. E. Reese, C. J. Schaefer, L. G. Alexander, K. N. Kettenring, N. H'. Brubaker, S. L. Cai’ter, L. B. Counterman, J. 0. Davis, W. J. Harris, R. E. Howard, T. M. Burton, P. R. Godfrey, H. W. Jacobson, J. A. Pianfetti, K. W. Wheeler, C. L. Comar, L. F. Green, H. F. Lefevre, H. L. Kendall, B. H. Gynn, and Dr. L.-P. Biefield. I Music Room Displays 32 Famous Color Portraits “The Development of Portrait Painting” is the theme of the art exhibit now hanging in the Music Room of the Union. The exhibit, which will be on display until January 2nd, consists of 32 full-color reproductions which have been loaned to the University by the Raymond and Raymond Company of New York. _ Among the paintings and drawings in the show are works by Leonardo Da Vinci, Rembrandt, Gainsborough, Cezanne, and the contemporary American, Alexander Brook. Accompanying each picture is a brief biography of the artist and a comment on what he tried to express. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
We wish the Students and Faculty of Purdue a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. If you have any last minute shopping to do you will find just what you want at our store. LODDE'S Jewelry Store 419 Mcrin Street
THE FAMILY GIFT Here’s a gift that every member of the family can share with enthusiasm. It brings a year of cheer with glorious entertainment—rich, lovely music, news, sports, dancing, fun—all at a cost that means but a few pennies a day on our practical payment plan. Featuring All G. E. Models MULLEN APPLIANCE SALES
Main at 8th
Phone 4736
Union Enlerfains Home Ec Faculty, Students At Tea Home Economics faculty members and students were entertained with an informal tea by the Student Union yesterday afternoon in the reception room of the Union from 4:30 to 6:30. The theme of Christmas was carried out with a brightly decorated tree' in one corner and the serving table with green pine limbs and sets of red candles. Refreshments of tea and sandwiches were served. • Forestry Club . . . members will meet for the last time this year next Tuesday evening, December 19, in the Horticulture building. The speaker for the evening will be Harrell Mosbaugh of the educational bureau of the Department of Conservation. He will speak on the various phases of the work in that department.
Notices No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Debris Sophomores: Meet at the dark room Tuesday, December 19, at 4 p. m. —DYER.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, December 18, 8 p. m. m room P of the Union. Basketball tickets will be distril^ uted. Everyone be there. —REILEY.
Lambda Kappa: Christmas party will be Sunday, December 17, at 7:30 p. m. in the chestnut room of the Union. All are invited. Please be prompts —STEPHENS. Cosmopolitan Club; Christmas party for all Cosmo members and their guests at 8 P m. Saturday evening, December 16, in the faculty lounge of the Union. Bring an unwrapped 10 cent gift. —SHICKEL.
Allen-A’s e\( iting new Campus and Classroom Winter Weights have set new style pate among college men. Be sure to see the extra heavy “college” weights, the Lastex top half hose and anklets. Boy, wliat buys at only 50c'
Valuable Proteelion to Sludenls Crown Cleaning protects students’ Clothes from wear, from the grit and grime in the fabric— Protects their personal appearance against critizing remarks. USE CROWN CLEANING REGULARLY Lauudry r"! W E C L E A'W ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
G. E. 35; Examination for removal of C grades in Machine Shop, G.E. 36 'will be given Saturday, Dec. 16, in yoom 101, of Michael Golden Shops. Students taking examination will register in room 109 before Friday, Deo. 16. —^OWE^T. Distinguished Howitzer Squad Competition: All juniors who would like to organize howitzer squads to compete in a new test to be started early in the second semester please sign up at once on list posted on bulletin board on second floor of the Armory. No juniors or sophomores who took part In the competition just flnisfaed are eligible fo rthe new list. For further information see Major Paulconer. (12-20) —FAULCONER.
buy milk for underprivileged children. —STANGLAND.-
Lutheran Students: A Christmas pasty will be held in the basement of Grace Lutheran church Monday, December 18, at 7:16 p. m. All members and students interested in becoming members of the association are invited. —^HALL,
Episcopal Students: Meeting of the Seabury Club will be held in room C of the Union at 7 o’clock Sunday, December 17. Dinner will be served at 6 o’clock in the west end of the cafeteria. —LYLES.
Chemistry Condition Exam: Condition examinations for Chemistry 80, 82, and 84 will be given in room 101 of the Education building January 6 at 1 p. m. (12-16) —McBBE. Prom Committee: Short meeting In PIA office at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, December 16. All please atteud. —ROYCE.
Gala Week Committee: Meet in PIA office at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, December 16, for half hour. —ARCHIBALD.
POMM—Short but important meeting Monday, December 18, at 6 o’clock in the Armory. It is necessary that all members having Tuesday Corps Day be there for instructions concerning the Tuesday formation. —HOTLER.
Sigma Delta Chi: Absolutely must have all Riveter Rassle tickets and money by Tuesday, December 19, at 6 p. m. in Exponent office. —DECKARD.
Freshmen Engineers:, Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, December 16, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-K, room 264, B.E. building; F-Le, room 129, E.E. building; Li-R, room 201, Civil building ; S-Z, room 101, Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
PI Tan Sigma: Important meeting in ME reading room Monday, December 18, at 4 5. m. —EILERING. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 19, at 7:30 p m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portoble machines as low as $^.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
PIA Dance Class: Short meeting Monday, December 18, at 7 p. m. in the Women's Gym. Party following. Bring dates. —LUTZ. J Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room C of the Union on Tuesday, December 19, at 7:30 P- m. —CORNELL.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—Nice quiet single room. 420 Evergreen. Phone 56034.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
Union Sophomores: My staff will meet in the Student Union office Saturday, December 16, at 1 p. m Everyone please attend. —BRODD.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 3301. Reward.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a Christmas supper at the Foundation Saturday, December 16, from 6 to 7:30 p. m. Admission 20 cents. Proceeds will go to
MISCELLANEOUS FURNACE—CARE—Reliable man will care for furnaces in West Lafayette during Christmas holidays. Phone 86961. Thomas.
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, December 16, in the Agriculturist office Topic will be "What can we do to keep America out of the war?’’ Visitois invited. —ROSS.
USEFUL XMAS HINTS
anm specials
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic ~ DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST \\9V^ Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
tASHlEiE BOUQUET2-17«
BIO BATH . . m OOLBIilAL LAVENDER mmMis . . eARNATION .
4 for 19^ 4 for 19^ 4 for \%i 4 for 19^
ORCHIS .... 4for19^ GARDENIA. . . 4for19^ LILY OF VALLEY 4 for 19^ JASNtiN .... 4 FOR 19^ LILAC lilfPERIAL 4for19^
COLGATE DENTAL CREAM
33^
GIANT
SIZE
VASELINE
HAIR
TONIC
LARGE
No. i SIZE
BRUSHES TEETH TO DAZZLING BRILLIANCE MEDlUiVI SIZE
PURDUE 5c to $1.00 Store
Vi