m
Spdrfs: Swimming, Wrestling Open Season Today
Established 1889
%ao4ie4U> f Daily Since 190S
UHofhhAreWe Doing Our Pai^t For Defense?
Volume 53, No. 106
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, January 31,1942
Riveters Face OSU Five At Columbus Tonight
Ohio State Quintet Seeking Revenge In Return Clash With Lambertmen
Df. Coe Will Address third Religious Convo Third religious convocation of the year will be held Sunday morning, Feb. 8, in the Music Hall, according to an announcement by Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee in chargd. Principal speaker will be Dr. Albert Burkner Coe, pastor of the First Congregational Church of Oak Park, 111. Dr. Coe, who spoke on the campus four years ago, graduated'iftom Yale University in 1922. He has lectured in Europe
and befd#d'assuming his pres-
ent positl^ held a pastorate in ^rittdal. Although he fought in the first World War, Dr, Coe has always advocated pe^^. Hd delivered a series of peace'addr'esses on the Pacific coast sevefal years ago. He is also the aUtfiOr- of “Born for Victory,” a book which expresses his personal philosophy and attitude on many 'social and international political
problems.
The first religious convo for this year was held November 1 when Dr. James M. Gillis, of New Yoik City, editor of “The Catholic World” magazine spoke on “The Place of Joy in Religion.” Over 6600 persons attended the annual Christmas convo Dec. 18. The entire program consisted of music furnished by the University orchestra, the University choir of 260 voices, several soloists and group singing of carols by the audience. > Mfiniliy Discusses '^Neighbor' Plan Before Cosmo Club
Gray Follows Keck As Stage Manager In Playshop Group Because of the resignation of Merle Keck, the stage manager position for the coming Playshop productions will be handled by Betty Gray, according to an announcement made yesterday by Bill Beam, director of the forthcoming play, “Beyond the Horizon.” Miss Gray will assume her duties immediately. The new stage manager has been in the Playshop oiganization since her freshman year. Last year she was in four major dramas, ending the year as house manager for “College Widow.” She has also held the job of property chairman, sophomoie execuCive of Purdue Players and assistant stage manager for the last play, “Petrified Forest.” Playshop deeply regrets the resignation of Merle Keck, since he has held the position of stage manager for the past two years, workipg ip every play, dirring that pe-
riod.
Keck’s resignation was ^due to
his work in connection with graduation. As Beam’s protege, he be-
Monroe Doctrine from the days of gan working in Playshop as a soph“dollar diplomacy” to the present omore, building scenery. He worked “good neighbor policy,” Prof, himself up from a stage hand to Charles B. Murphy, of the history, painter, electrician, junior execueconomics, and government depart- tive of Purdue Players and finally ment, spoke to 76 students and fac- stage manager. He has been twice ulty menibers on “Good Neighbor given the Technical Achievement Policy,” last night at a regular award of Playshop at the annual
Cosmopolitan Club meeting. “The development of a good
neighbor policy rests upon the peoples of all countries concerned,” Prof. Murphy said, pointing out that previous interpretation of the Monroe Doctrine was for the benefit of international bankers and
vttsinwioH MRinr-QO-
ROUHI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Tracing the development of the
Stage Stump and Studio banquet. Glee Club Concert' Choir To Attend Alumni Dance University Glee Club and Concert Choir, as guests of honor of the Purdue Alumni Club of Indianapolis
business interests of the United will also provide special music for States, until the middle classes of their annual dance end party at the the Americas began voicing their Indianapolis Athletic Club, Saturopinion that the principle of the day night, Feb. 7. Following the dinDoctrine should be made applicable ner, Louie Lowe, ’32, and his orchesto all of the 21 countries conceined, tra will play for the dance. L. G. instead of being an expression of Gordner, ’21, Indianapolis insurance this country’s policy. man, is chairman of the committee (Continued on page 4) in charge of the event.'e.h.a.
Congressmen Plan To Invesf-igate Alien Reviewing Board WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — They are not advertising it but congressional probers are putting the microscope on the personnel of the several score three-member Alien Enemy Hearings Boards appointed by Attorney General Francis Biddle. ' The boards, one for every fedeial court district, were set* up to pass on charges against alien enemies. Members of Congress have received numerous complaints about individuals put on these boards. Some of them are accused of having business and social connections with enemy aliens, and to have displayed |Hspici,ous reluctance to deal forcefully with influential questionable enemy aliens. ' •Complniilts alscr'have been tu-' ceived that some of the Board members themselves are not native born Americans. One congressman from a big city has a number of letters from irate constituents charging that when a wealthy alien enemy business man was taken into custody on evidence of espionage, several members of the local Alien Hearings Board evinced marked friendliness toward him. Congressional cuiiosity about these Alieir Enemy H e a i i n g s Boards is part of a mounting undercover feeling on Capitol Hill that the spy and fifth column problem in the country is not being met with the rigorous realism needed. Privately, members of Congress are saying that certain Admmistrationites seem more concerned about what they term “civil liberties” than the secui ity of the nation. The inside fact is that our coun-ter-espionage authorities are being frequently h^i^ipered in their work by other officials ob(Continued on page 4)
C^Usilk^tiics With TeH Tubes . . .
ll Engage RWarch In
In Full-Time Defense Chemistry Department
Editor's Note: This is the seventh in a uftries of articles now being published in the Exponent presenting u detailed account of the part the University is playing in national defense. By Jean Lauer It has been said that this war will be won by the laborer, the chemist, the physicist and the onghieev. As' a specific example of this, one can cite the case of France, where the French soldier was not defeated, but wgs forced to quit because of lack of adequate equipment and supplies. From this lesson wc have learned .that we cannot maintain an aimy in the field, an air coi ps in the skics^ and a navy on the seas without the labor of these men on the home front. One Of The Best At the ehemisti y dopai Iment here on our own fronf a great many reisearch projects are being carried on specifically in thd direction of pvo(ducing needed muter ials for national defense. In \fact, James B. Conant, president of Harvard, who is in charge of the entire national defense research set-up, said recently that this is one of tiro leadiirg 10 or 12 chemistry departments in the country engaged in research ’work. I
Some of this work is dipctcd towai'ds the development of substitutes for products which ai'e difficult to obtain because of war and defense restrictions. For example, a synthetic tai'tai ic acid ha,s been evolved from the oxidation of glucose to take the place of the tartaric acid which was formerly imported from France. Also, starch has been utilized in the preparation of various other and ester derivatives which may serve as important substitutes for cellophane and similar' products. 27 Work For Defense 22 graduate students and five profossois aic engaged m full-time icseai'ch woik i elated to defense and war-time industries. Some of those men aie working on Purdue Research Fouiulatioii fellowships while others are sponsored by private companies. / For experiments that might prove to bo explosive, steel bairicades are used to piotect the expei ipienter. The barricade is about seven feet high and made of sheets of steel onehalf inch thick. The mateiials are placed on a working shelf inside and when the explosive stage is reached the expei'imontcr closes the door
and, looking through two shatterproof glass openings an inch in thickness, does the remainder of his work by using a rod that extends thiough one side of the barucade. Operator Protected This rod which enables him to reach inside to do the necessary mixing was developed in the nUited States naval research laboratories. It is constructed of bakelite, rotates ill an ingenious socket and has a device that protects the arm of the operator from the impulse of the explosion. Theie is a false top to this barricade that takes care of removing gases resulting from an explosion. There are seven of these barricades in the chemistry building. Defense research work was started here with the beginning of the National Defense Research Committee in the summer of 1940 and since that time has more than trebled. According to Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the department, at the present time about one-third of the budget of this department is supplied by various industries and the national government, working through the Purdue Reseai'ch Foun-
dation.
Charity Drive To Coordinate University Aid Relief Fund Campaign Will Begin Wednesday In an effort to coordinate all the various charities and eliminate the continual soliciting by different relief organizations the University staff and the Student War Council are sponsoring an All-Univer-sity Relief Fund Drive beginning Wednesday and continuing until February. 12. The drive is the result of a Relief Fund Coordination Committee set up by President Elliott. All faculty members have been contacted for contributions by Pro.' fessor F. F. Hockema, Professor L. M. Sears, and Dean Mary L. Matthews, faculty heads of the drive, and according to Dick Dibos, president of the Student Senate, all students will receive letters in the near future explaining the lunctions of the organizations to receive funds from the drive. Funds Distributed Over World The proceeds contributed by the students and faculty will be sent to the following organizations foi distribution throughout the world. 1. Red Cross, which helps the armed forces and civilian population throughout the world when disaster' or war makes assistance
necessary.
2. World Student Service Fund, "■whieh'gives aid to^tuTleTIt^'hncl professors who are victims of war. This organization piovides aid for lefugee students in the United States and students in Europe and China. It is only thiough the contributions of American students that these people are enabled to cany on their
education.
3. British War Relief Society, British Child Aid, and Save the Children Federation, three organizations that provide assistance fo^
(Continued on page 4)
Defense Instruction To Include Courses On Stress Analysis Anyone,with training in engineering mathematics and applied mechanics or equivalent experience is eligible for enrollment in a defense tiainiiig course in stresses to be offered by the University next week. Registration will be held Monday at 7 p.m. m room ^P6 of the Civil Engineering Building.
Methods Of Analysis
J. II. Matthews of the School of Civil Engineering will instruct the class on methods of stress analysis and means of computing loads and stresses for framed structures. Each class meeting will include two hours of lecture and one hour of
supervised student work.
The course was originated at the request of several highway bridge engineers in this district. Further’ information may be obtained froiii Earnest Caldwell at the highway garage, or at the Defense Office, Service and Stores Building, phone
7311. w.e.r.
Union .Mixer Features Mahn's Band Tonight Mauiy Mahn and his campus orchestra will provide the music for the legular mixer tonight from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms of the Union. His sister Darlene Mahn is working on several new novelty
numbers foi' the'dance.
Defense, in an indirect way, is to be the theme of the mixer. Taking advantage of the present shoitage of tires, the backdiop shows the plight of a boy whose car has a flat tire. Road signs indicate that the goal of the boy and his girl friend is Tuikey Run. Carrying out the theme, the band fronts will feature tiies as decorations. Mahn’s band has played for several of the weekly mixers. The price of admission will be the usual .‘Pl.lO. a.l.w.
Sears Talks To 300 On Modern History At Defense Lecture War Council Present's First Of Six Lectures By Art Hunter Before a small gathering of 300 students, facqlty’ and townspeople, Prof. L. M. Sears of the history, economics and government department delivered the first in a series of six defense lectures yesterday at 4 p.m. Ill the Music Hall. The topic for his fifty-minute talk was entitled “From Isolation to Participation,” a discussion and comparison of the “intellectual climates” and backgrounds of the period from the time preceding our entiy into World War I to our engulfment in the present conflict. RicTiard A. Dibos, president of the Student Senate and chairman of the Student War Council presided at the lecture and introduced the
speaker.
During the course of his address, Professoi Sears brought out the
(Continued on page 2)
9 Ag Staff Mfmbers Attend Chicago Meet Represenfaf'iyes Meet To Discuss Food Output PI. J. Reed, dean of the School of Agriculture, ahd eight other delegates from the extension department of the School of Agriculture will attend the final sessions of the special “Food fpr Freedom” conference today at the Hotel Morrison in Chicago. Nearly 60 representatives from thg administrative and supervisoiy staffs of the agricultuial extension departments of Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and the University were present yesterday at the first day
of the emergency meeting.
Delegates Discuss Food Output At today’s meeting the delegates will continue their discussion on increasing the output of dairy products!, eggs, poik, soy beans, gaidens and other organizations and relations with the U. S. Department of Agriculture boards and civilian
defense organizations.
Delegates from the University include L. E. Hoffman, acting assistant director of the extension service; Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader of home demonstiation agents; Miss Stoiley Hunter and Miss Elsie Glassglow, assistant state home demonstration agents; L. M. Biische, H. S. Heckaid, O. W. Mansfield, and P. K. Connelly, assistant county agent leaders, d.w.o.
•Purdue ROTC Corps
Announces Second Semester Officers Appointment of Cadet Colonels A. A. Topp and N. W. Raber, Jr. as commanders of the first and second brigades of the University RO-
TC unit was announced W ednesday
by the Military Department in a list of assignments of cadet officers for Corps, Day foi mations this se-
mester. /
The staff of the fiist biigade is' composed of Cadet Lt. Colonel F. N. Graf, brigade executive, and Cadet Majors A. J. Giaf, W. L. Sullivan, R. A. Kuntz and J. A. Bier-
lein.
Second Brigade Oflicers Cadet Lt. Colonel L. L. Stahl selves as executive for the second biigade. Cadet Majors M. S. Weir, J. G. Sehai'ff, M. A. Melzer, and E. L. Gregoiy complete the staff. Regimental commanders are Cadet Col. W. A. Campbell, 1st P.F.A.; Cadet Cojonel R. B. Stecker, 2nd P.P.A.; Cadet Colonel R. A. Dibos, 3i'd P.F.A.; and Cadet Colonel D. W. Chiisnian, 1th P.F.A. w.e.r.
Boilermakers Won 45-32 Earlier In Season; Hoping For Repeat Victory
By Don Brewer
Fourteen Boilermaker basketball stars are in Columbus, Ohio, this morning, awaiting their spotlighted return engagement with Ohio State’s quintet on the Buckeye floor tonight. The referee’s whistle is scheduled to start the fracas at 1 p. m. and WBAA will broadcast a play by play description of
the contest, starting at 7:30 CST.
Leaving Lafayette around 3 o’clock yesterday aftemocHi, Coach Piggy Lambert took with him a rejuvenated hardwood ; team, a product of four days
of strenuous drilling since its disastrous 46-39 defeat at the hands of the Golden Gophers last Monday night in the local
Fieldhouse.
Highlight Offense
Highlighting the weeks’ preparation for the Buckeyes’ invasion were offensive scrimmages as Coach Lambert attempted to round off some of the rough edges which gave the quintet a poor 21 per' cent field goal average in its second Big
defeat of the season.
Ohio State will be out for revenge
University Will Train Men For Defense Roles Industrial Protection School Opens Tuesday Approximately 76 of Indiana’s larger industrial organizations will send representatives to the Indus-
trial protection school which is to
be held on campus beginning next tonight. Holding the advantage of
Tuesday. The purpose of the five day school is to teach methods of training men to provide war-time protection for plants, machines, products and processes. Men who attend the school will return to their own plants and organize protection units for their own industry. Topics Of Study Captain K. E. Kline, who is in charge of the industrial protection division of the University Public Safety Institute, announced yesterday that among the piincipal topics taken up will be methods of dealing with bombs, explosives and sabotage. Other subjects will include fire prevention, inspection and practices; police tactics and patiol problems; teaching methods, records, evidence, traffic and small
arms firing.
The school is a part of the IndusTrial Protection Training program, and is presented thiough the cooperation of the University, the State Defense Council, Indiana State Police, Indiana Inspection
working on their own floor, the Buckeyes are expecting to turn the tables on the Boilermaker invaders and cancel the 46-32 trouncing handed them earlier in the season when they were on their Western
tour.
OSU Has Slipped Although scoring a smprlsing, 40-36 upset over the Great Lakes star-studded five early in thg, season and making a good start in Western Conference competition, Ohio State has slipped down into the lower bracket. To date it has three victories against four losses, resting in eighth place. An underdog Michigan squad defeated the Columbus quintet, however tonight’s opponents did trounce Chicago, 63-35. Ohio State’s netmen will rely on the services of about the same quintet that appeared in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse. Lou Trabitz and Capt. Jack Graf are probable guard starters, with Bob Shaw at center, and Dick Fisher and Freddie Miller at forward berths. Miller scored ten points in the 45-32 con-
Bureau and Indiana Association of here.
Industrial Property Protective Dr- Coach Lambert expects to stick rectors. ^ the same speed quintet that has Large Staff been functioning in recent games. Instructors for the school will in- with Frosty Sprowl and Slickey elude Capt. Kline; Emmett Cox, of Tierney at foi-wards; A1 Menke at
the Indiana Inspection Bureau; Lt. Don L. Kooken, director of education, Indiana State Police; W. I. Spitler, Lafayette, president of the Indiana Association of Industrial Property Protection Directors; Sgt. Paul T. Beveiforden, Indiana State Police, who has been attached to the Public Safety Institute for traf-
fic studies; Lt. Harry Sutheilin, in and Don Adams, guards,
charge of field operations, Indiana State Police, and Prof. Owen, of
the University, s.i.b.
center, and Capt. Don Blanken and
Bob Riley at guards.
Others who made the Columbus trip, and who are expected to see action tonight, are Howard Hoffman, John Conrad, Floyd Lawson, and John Galvin, foi-wards; Fred Kranipe and John Swantz, centers; and Charles Caress, Cecil Polk,
Ellaotts Will Enterfain Student's From Abroad President and Mrs. Elliott will be at home to the students from other lands this Sunday from 4 to 6 p.m.
Johnson Assists Defense Office Pending Army Call A. P. Johnson, assistant director of personnel until February 1, will assist the Defense Training Office in the preparation of teaching matei iai for foremanship training couises pending his call to active duty. Johnson is a First Lieutenant, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army Re-
serve. d.l.g.
Faculty Selects New Library Books For University Under Specific Budget Perhaps you have wondered who selects all the books purchased by the University Library. There is a constant stream of new books coming into the libary. These are selected by the faculties of the various departments which have specific sums assigned them by the Library budget. Within the limits of these amounts, each de — partment may purchase any lications. The balance of the book books it needs or thinks its disposal of the Lifacuity and students could use P^^hase many tn orl^rnntMo•^> periodicals of general interest. Air ‘ ‘ ‘ g • average of one thousand dollars a Library’s Budget year is spent for dictionaries, eu-Forty-five percent of the Li- cylopedias. directories and handbraiy’s budget* is for the purchase books. of books suitable foi the use of the Books of fiction, biography, carfaculty, graduate students and rent problems, hobbies, games and those in advanced coiuses. piofessions are pui'chased at the About 35 percent of the budget suggestion of students, faculty goes for periodicals and sei ial pub- members and library staff.4
Purdue- Exponent
mMUhB
Students ARE Doing Their Part
Coeds as well as the men are doing their part and more. The rush of coeds to enroll in the special military motors, code, and pistol
Are we doing our part? Do the student of i*urdue and other colleges and universities througho'nt the country have the right attitude %ward the present national all-out war effort? This challenge has recently been thrown up to members of our student body by various other Americans already in the armed services or ehgaged in vital production work They cdhtefid that we college students as a group l^ye- little or no conception of what is going dfii dToufid us and have little or no desire to
help.
We think they’re wrong We think the students are doing their part. Just because we dbn^t spend two or three hours a day killing off Japs or working on 37-ton tanks doesn’t mdan we aren’t cooperating Just because we dtai't carry large American flags with us to class each day doesn’t mean we don’t appreciate what dangers that flag is facing. As we see it, the part for every college student to play at present is one of study and endeavor to remain in college as long as necessary to prepare him for his place in the war effort as a trained specialist We think most students realize their special trust Many students are doing more than following the University administration’s “study as usual” request, they are taking advantage of the special defense courses provided by the University and are giving part of then tinre for Red Cross work, defense stamp sellipg, special war committee work, and local war efforts such as the recent book drive which netted some 9,000 books for the soldiers and sailors.
Today On WEAA
9 46 10 00 10 16
courses sponsored by Gold Peppers was so great that the courses’ quotas were filled before the first day’s registration period had
ended
Since the University’s quick response to jq gQ the war with its concentrated study schedule, lo 46 all efforts of the faculty and staff have been 10 66 turned toward the rapid production of more oo engineers, more scientists, and more special-
ROME-
-TOKVO-
-.6ERLIN
Rotaiinj^ Jht, (huA.
Nnaad-
-OA)l6i-
-awoa
11 16 11 30
ists m the many fields offeied here And the students are cooperating Grumblings against 12 16 the full-time, twelve-month schedule have 12 30 been practically non-existant Although the 12 45 results of the poll recently conducted to de- 55 termine possible summer attendance hav"e not been annoUficed, it seems reasonable to expect from prevailing student comment that a large majority of present juniors at least will continue in school till December and many underclassmen will probably keep at their
books as long as they can
We think the students are just as wellinformed as to what is going on around them, if not more so, than any other group of Americans The comics and sports news are not the only parts of the newspapers being read here today Jazz band music is not the only type of radio programs being listened to, and the attendance at recent current events convocations has certainly not been niggardly No, we say the student are well-aware of the seriousness of the situation, but most of them realize that they can be most useful in the long run by keeping to their classrooms and
laboratories a little longer f 1 j
Personnel Notes Sears On Defense
If any semor is inteiested in an intei'view with any of the following ccndpanies, eomplbte one of the yel loW “Request foi Intel view” caids,
(Continued fiom page 1)
thought that eveiy gieat effoit is followed by a gieat piostiation each struggle by a lelaxatioii, ev eiy action by a leaction, and as ex
a supply of which is in youi school ^mples he pointed back into his
office You will be notified by eaid frdm the Peisonnel office when to
schedule foi an inteiview American Steel & Wire, Cleve
land, Ohio—Feb 5 and 6 M E , E E ,
Met, C E
John Deere Tractor Co , Water loo, Iowa—Feb 11 and 12 M E’s and a limited numbei of junioi M E’s foi summei woi k Defender Photo Supply Co , Roch ester, N Y —Feb 3 ME, EE,
ChE, Sci
Drackett Companj, Cincinnati, 0 —Coming at a latei date if a suf ficieiit number sign up M E’s and ChE’s—piefeiably men fiom this section of the eoufttij, within a ladius of 200 miles fiom Cincinnati Dra>vo Corporation, Pittsbuigh, Pa.'—Coming soon M E , C E , E E , Ch E , Met E , and P S E Also juniors in these schools foi summei
w'ork
Erie Railroad Co (Chicago & Eiie R E Co ), Cleveland, Ohio— Feb 6 M E and E E General Motors Co. Detroit, Mich Feb. 4, 5, 6, and 7 JuniOis foi summer woik Harnisehfeger Corp , Milwaukee Wis—Coming soon National Supply Co, Toledo, 0 —Coming soon ME, Ch E , Met E , P S B and T and I E Sqiiare D Co, Milwaukee, Wis —Feb 4 and 5 M E and E E Union Switch & Signal Co , Sw iss vale. Pa —Februai y 9 USaCO Mfg Co , Inc , Fi ankfoi t, Ind —Coming soon Western Electric Companj, Haw thoine Station, Chicago, Illinois— This company will not send a lepie sentative to the campus for intei views, but anyone inteicsted iivthe company may come to the Peisonnel Office and sccuie one ol then application blanks, to be filled in and sent diicctly to Mi SB Holden, in caie ot the company This should be done bctoic Salui (My, January 31, if possible Babcock & Wilcox Co, Baiber ton, Ohio—Feb 16 E E and C E’s for production woik and Ch E’s loi laboratory woik Hoover Company, North Canton,
toiy to the low ebbs reached by oui country following the Civil War
ope having power over the East Atlantic and added that the same applied to oui war with Japan in the Pacific In his closing lines Pro fessoi Seals keynoted his speech with the phrase ‘we’ie in this to gethei and we le in to win ” War Council Sponsors Series Ihis senes ol lectures is being presented by the Student War Coun
and World War, as witnessed by cooperation with the Associ the political fiasco of President Women Students, and will be Giant’s term of office and the cha- successive hiiday after otic conditions of the recent twen the Music Hall The sched
uled discussions will concern cur
1 00 1 30 1 45 1 55 2 00 2 15 2 30 2 65 3 00 3 16 3 30 3 66 4 00 4 30 4 45 4 55 5 00 6 30 5 45 5 56 6 00 6 30 6 65 7 00 7 16 7 30 7 15 7 55 8 00 8 15 8 30 8 15 8 55 9 00 9 30 9 55
10 00
News The Cm 10 Man Morning Melodies WBAA Presents Theatre of Song News Just Krds Music High School Guest Woman Shopper Tune Time—Charlie Powell Meet the Band Markets News Radio Stage The Army Speaks Music News Stamp Club Music Musical Albums News Music Afternoon Melodies Tea Time Tunes News Tea Time Tunes Music The Curio Man News Just Relax Go To Church Sunday Little Miss Muffett News Dinner Hour Spoits Review News News of the Week Music Parade of Business Music News Hens of Liberty Dare Hall—pianist From the Press Box Eventide Echoes News Union Mixii Band Music News OFF THE AIR
Ouch' We just tried to turn over while lying here in bed and dictating this column to our physically better fit roommate—who didn’t have PEM12 this morning We’re afraid to blame our condition on the exercise that we were given—we don’t want to be publicly placed in that category with the rest of the saboteurs—we have come to the conclusion that it was not the push ups, the rope climbing, the pull ups, the arm-pulls, the bicycle riding, nor the two mile walk that got us in this unhealthy state—but we put the whole blame on the walk lo and from the Fieldhouse Our instructor gave us an opening spiel about how 50% of those applying for army positions—either of their own will or that of their draft boards—were found to be in poor health (but they took them anyway') The purpose as explained to us was to dhange that 60%—at first we thought they were trying to lower the per cent rejected—'but we all make mistakes
Saturday, January 31,
After one of these classes we suggest the follpwing treatment—the first day aitei Ihe^ rlvheelf you home, stay in bed and have rbommatfe masfeiige sorei spots (might as well cover the entire body-—the spots^ that aierl’t sore now will be next week). 'The second day you might sit up m bed and eat a little light soup (like we get eveiywheie') Continue this diet for about three days, then with the aid of crutches and roommate’s sturdy shouldeffe •—try walking a fetv Steps Increase walking diMahcb everyday until about spven days have elapsed Then on this seventh day—you’ll feel like a neW man get up at 7 a m and run like mad to an 8 o'clbclf. Ihen along about ten that day you’ll notice on ybtif schedule card that you have a PEM 12 cMss, aboPt 12 o’clock the same day you’re ready to begin the treatment ovei —s— Of course you may miss a few classes in this course of events—but the only one you have to convince thkt it was necessary that you remain in your rooming joint, IS the Health Service So paint your fac6 yellpW, slant your eyes, cany a candid bamerg, and ■vyeikr a big grin—this system worked in the "White House on December 7—and no one can be harder to convince than Roosevelt and Hull i t e.
LETTERS TO THE EblTOn
Yet every day the student body and signs any longer—they Have triSd. othels have an excellent opportun- and have lost as far as public oWh'*
ity of seeing time wasted by a ion are concerned
group of men who have been pick- Because of the lack of ihanpmyei, eting a local gioup of chain stores wasted effort, and money it is obWeie then efforts of any value to vious that the picketingshould themselves, then union, or the coun cease while public opinion is yet
West Lafayette, Indiana January 29, 1942 The Editor
Dear Sir
I, like many other students, have try there might bo a reason for just a little sweet tow^J^c^. these been hearing of the need for labor them to continue then waste of modern day Marathon Wa’lkers. on the falm, in the factory, and manpower hours Very few shop Yours truly, ^ quite a fery other plaCeS We have of the West Side are affected D D Small all heald from various people, most by the ambling shuffle and trite Ph ’44 ^ of whom are misguided, of how the average college student “joes” aiOund Since the events of the past few weeks the impression that the events have made on the student body IS auite Obvious, as it has been in many other groups of workers
Professor Seals went on to say
that he had never seen the nation lighten the public on such war piob in such a state of disunity and apa propaganda, hemisphere re thy to the current conditions as it and post war economics All
was on the eve of December 7,1941 He stated that the Pearl Harbor attack with its tremendous cost ot lives and mateiial has bot^ht for us “approximate” national unity
“Facts Of Life”
The lectin er then enumei ated the “facts of hie” which he said we should face in considering oiu^oun try’s part in the past and ^present World Wars—first, ‘we face both oceans ” and, secondly, “powers that face us on shores of these oceans should be reasonably’
friendly ”
He continued with the statement that we entered World War I to protect ourselves from the condi Iron of a German dominated Eui
Entiy into the War ’, and on foi lowing Fridays Prof C B Murphy
...... p “Hemisphere m War rent events and are intended to en- „ ,
Time,” Pi of R Phillips on ‘Post War Peace Hopes,” and Pi of J A Estey on Post War Economic
Problems ’
speakers will be members of the history economics and government
department
Next week Prof V Albjerg will discuss “The Road to the European
SUN. - MON.—2 HITS
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Ohio—Afternoon of Feb E E , Ch E Allegheiiy-Ludlum Steel Corporation, Bracken!idge. Pa—Feb 11 There is a need for additional chem ical engineers Please sign up immediately at the Personnel Office Kellogg Company, Battle Creek, Mich — Feb 23 ME and E E Corning Glass Works, Charleroi, Pa — Feb 25 BS in M E , ChE , EE, Chemistiy, and PhD Phy sicists and Chemists Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, (U S Steel Corporation, Sub sidiary)—Juniois foi summer work Please sign on sheet provided lor that purpose in your school olficc bctoie Feb G Group meeting foi Juniors only in room 214 ME on rhuisday evening, Feb 12, at 7 30 Naugatuck CHemieal Co, (Divi Sion of U S Rubber Co ), Nauga tuck. Conn Feb G‘ Need moie Me ehanieal Engineers Please come to Personnel Office immediately il in teiested
in TECHHiCOLORI ALSO-
Positively; the funniesf " film'^^in years!
DOMt GET +
mmm STARTS SUNOAY
fiuJiduuL £xpotmdL All-American I940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by cairier for $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-In-Chief Newa Editor Sports Editor
Ned A Ochiltree John L rrauKOtt Phil Johnson
Publication Staff Editorial Staff J F Amos J H Armstrong D T Brophy B L. Hadley F 1 Jonts L G Kiepir Sporta Staff 0 T riaik J D Frabir J S Keeler Coed Staff Mary K Bo>ntoii Alice Chatflcld Jane Ramsdell Asaociute Editora Phone*: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10PM, 5377
Night Editor Broplo 0*y Editor ChatUeld
Staff For This Issue \ Sporta Editor Clark laaue Editor
4.T
4ft A 'I-■i
f ^ > i
V hif
V. 1k> ,
.4^
-U;: JS Chief Clevett's squash team will Wavel to iheet the Culvet team at tile ^ademy. *th;e team will be mSde lip ol the rttfeiflbers of thfe
vai'sity.
I'he Culver team has been strengthened hy the addition of a mstn, Oliver, the athldtid difettbr of the Academy, who will play in the' niirfib^f one pbsitibn. Croode is effected to hahdle the second shot fot the Culver team, fctoldstein and Bond will play in thd 1 dttd 2 p'ositibns, tesh^etively, for the Boilerninhers. Bojidston, ll’njit, Hess, Willis, Wilkens, Petty, and Mathews complete the roster.
£rmaker teams go into action
ftivete Pipers'
&ndl3Y faje ^Wflin Slafe
In fhidhouse lt|L Season
?■ fj t
Saturday, Pel^uai‘y 7, the Riv-
Norl
etetS hlee't the Northwestern and Chicago teams. The Northwestern thatch will be playfed in the afternoon and the Chibdgo meet in the evening. Earlier this season Chief Clevett’s crew was tied by the Chi-
cago teain,,y,m.m.
, , nq; WBAA To Broadcast Comedy At 1 Today
Radio Stage, WBAA's weekly dramatic program, under the direction of Larry Myers, will present 1‘Thp Idjrkjng Dog,” a comedy, in its broadcast this afternoon at 1
the' strange actions of '^gver'al characters in the small to^ of “Atfertot*’ somewhere in the Ml|idle 'West, “The Barking Dog” is one of the more humorous produd|iop^ dn the dramatic program. cast will' include, Larry tlirehtOt, Bill Yeagley, Carolynp^dOd, Becky Ann Pervine, George Zis^is, Tom McCrum and W^|6^ Blitz} sound technician, d.e.b.
fo iV- ENfedi^tibiG NEW . ..fOULT BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed:, feb. 4, 7:oo p. m. 1^Sli%jti>ERtENGED DANCERS r " ilfirROtL tN OUR NEW : Adult advanced class THumS., FEB. 5, 7:00 P. M.
* ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
Tlhiis aftetnoOn at 2:30 in the PieldhoUse, Riveter wrestlers ahd their guests from Pihdlay College, Findlay, Ohio, drfe scheduled to get all tangled together in the first wrestling match of the new Boilermaker schedule. The grapplefs from Findlay come to the Boilermaker campus all primed to put a large nick in the highly vaunted Boilermaker redord, which is two consecutive AAU wrestling championships in 194l and ’42) but . . . these two eonsecutive victories are something pretty substantial to back the ability of the Riveters. It also might be added here that the team from Findlay is coached by Lee Grave, a former Boilermaker football star. Who was a permanent fixture on the Riveter grid sqUad 'three consecutive years back around 1935. Strong Competition Now let’s take a look at What sort of competition Coach Reeck’s wrestlers are going to offer the Findlay squad. The 121 pound division is filled by sophomOre Mickey MacDonald. This will be Hickey’s first collegiate match, but last fall in the Midwest AAU matches at Chicago, Mickey copped the 118 pound championship. Captain Casey Fredericks will wrestle in the 128 poUnd class, Casey is also an AAU champ; in fact, this will be Casey’s third year on thq Varsity squad, and he has yet to be beaten in dual college
competition.
Maik Matovina, a sophomore, will take part in his first collegiate match this afternoon when he represents the Boilermakers in the 136 pound class. The 145 pound division will be filled by feob Britt, a junior. Bob didn’t Win the championship fOr his weight in the AAU meet this fall, but he did next best. ^ Roger “Red” Claseman, another sophomore, is to Wrestle in the 155 pound division. In the AAU this fall “Red” put the hooks on the 165, pound title, now he’s wrestling in the 155 pound class. Velmar Davis, another sophomore, seCms to be pretty well represented on the rostei', meets his first collegiate wrestling foe this afternoon too; in fact, Velmar is to meet his first foe of any kind on the mat. Velmar started wrestlii;g light aftqi- football
Let us accomrnodate You!
Rest comfortably in the soothing, in the soothing, pleasant atmosphere of a UNION aUB ROOM The joy of comfort and a good night’s sleep can be obtained here!
J/UL (pjuJtduiL ^UrnmL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
(jokch Ditk Papenguth's Boilermaker swimming team will pry the lid off the current aquatic campaign tonight at 7:30 when they face Hichigan State m the FieldhoUse
pool.
The Spartans have already engaged in one tilt this season which resulted in a 42 to 42 tie with the Wildcats of Northwestern. In commenting on tonight’s fray, the Boil-^ ermaker mentor sfated, “This meet will be one of the most keenly contested struggles on our entire sched-
ule.”
Williamson Is Featured In the featm'e event of the eve-, ning, Joe Williamson and Charley Biegelow of Michigan State will match strokes in the breast stroke division. Since each of these men hold the varsity breast stroke records at their respective schools, this duel looms as a real thriller. In the 440, Vernon Hansel and Cliff Eiikson of the Boilermakers will face Fred Himmelein and Donald Farmer. The sprint events will find Ralph Newton of the Spartans providing plenty of competition for Dick Kratzer and other members of the Boilermaker contingent. Coach Papenguth is expected to start Don Anderson, Williamson and Kratzer in the 300 yard lelay event. In the backstroke, the Riveters will be represented by Don Anderson, Ted Andeisen, and Jack Ancher. Fred Herr, Fiank Branner, Jim Kruek, and Kratzer will probably go to the post in the 400 yard relay event. ' Last year_ the Boilermakeis defeated the Spartans by a sCore of 30 to 36 before a crowd which was so large that the late arrivals were forced to sit in the aisles. Since that time both squads have improved, with the result that the outcome tonight will depend a great deal upon the performances turned in by the sophomore members of the respective teams. / This meet will be open to all who care to attend and theie will be no admission charge, r.w.k.
Saturday^ jjanuary 3T,. i^4Z
iii’iiiiiiif Ml irkrfiiiff
kiveter Foilsmen Meet Ramblers In Field house At 1:30
The Sports Gestapo By phil jnhnsbn
W 0 u ' Sit" Interfratermty k#,
Notre Dame’s fencing squad will cross sabres with the Boilermaker foilsmen at 1:30 this afternobn in the FieldhoUse. The Irish have already chalked up one victory this season as a result of their l4 to 13 triumph over Michigan State. This IS the same Spartan contingent which defeated the Riveters by a
scoie of 10 to 7 here in the Field-
house last week.
In the foil events, the Boilermakers will be represented by Captain Harry Buil, Cecil Oakes, and Tower. Bill RCade, Aaron Kaufman, and Tower will face the Ramblers in the epee division, while the Riveter sabrenien will consist of Reade, Tucker and Jack Wallbilick. The public is invited to attehd this contest and there will be no admission charge, r w.k
Doily Heolth Service Report
season; he took to the sport like Wimpy to hamburgers, and has made the varsity squad. Rossi Is Tough Wairen Eviston will wrestle in the 175 pound weight, and big Italo Rossi IS to take over the heavyweight class. Big Italo rolled up the heavyweight title at the AAU meet, and brought it home with him this fall, c.e.s.
R. H. Harden, junior in the School of Mechanical Engineering, and H. A. Hoffman, junior in the School of Agriculture, entered St. Elizabeth flbspital for treatment last Wednesday. E. W. McCulloifgh, junior in the School Of Chemical Engineering, ahd K. Reitzel, freshman in the School of Hoihe Ecoriohdcs, entered Home Hospital on the same day. R. A. Kelley, freshman engineer, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital last Thursday. Those discharged on Wednes.day were Mary Lee, senior in the School of Science, and D. R. Olson, freshman engineer, a.r.s.
The all-campus table tennis tournament will start today at 1:30 p.m. Those interested in entering should report at this time.
Ohio State And Their CditBefim You’d think an institiitioh ds large and as well known as Ohio State with all the fine buildings and mammoth football stadium would, at least have h deCent place to play basketball in. To say that they do have would be'stretching the intUginatiort beyond limit. Long years ago before the Butler Pieldhouso was completed the famous Indiana state high school tournament was held in the Coliseum at the Indiana State Fair Grounds. It’s humoi’ous to think back about it now, the coldness of the place, the connection of the Coliseum with the cows and all at Fair time. However, Ohio State is still playing their games in a building similar to the place of the former tournaments. The Ohio State Fair Coliseum is probably the worst place in which to play basketball in the Mid-West —^possibly the country as a whole. ^ Stili Have Stoves for Heat Heat for the building is furnished by about 10 or 15 ordinary stoves placed around the playing floor and between the floor and the spectators. Until a couple of years ago the old fashioned pot bellied coal stoves were used. The place is dimly lighted and on the whole reminds one of watching a game in a big barn. ' i*" That's, Whore The Boilermakers Play Tonight ■^In this building our Boilermakeis will meet the hot and Cold Ohio State team which they have already defeated once this season by a 45-32 score. The Buckeyes looked only mediocre that night, pretty rough and not too polished. Since then they have been g'Ood and bad on successive occasions arid have won three and lost four conference games. ► It's Tough To Win Over There It’s tough for any team to beat the Buckeyes on their home floor, and the Boilermakers have about the toughest time of all. From past experiences, the Buckeyes could have the seven dwarfs playing for them and still give Purdue a battle. We checked back on the records yesterday afternoon to see how the Purdue-Ohio State games at Columbus have ended the past few years. The Boilermakers have won only two of the past seven gbmes over there. The ^last time Purdue won in the Coliseum was on January 6, 1936. Kessler, Young, and Elliott, son of President Elliott, were the leading players at that game. Two of these five defeats were one point losses. You see what the team is up against tonight. They should and probably will win it, but we predict one of the hardest battles on the schedule this year. ^ Wrestlers, Swimmers Open Season Today Swimming Coach Dick Papenguth and wrestling coach Claude Reeck will begin their respective schedules today. The wrestling team will open against Findlay College this afternoon and the swimmers will meet a strong Michigan State squad tonight. If you want to see some swell swimming or wrestling just diop around to the Fieldhouse today. Both teams are plenty tough this year.
Thursday Af|ernoon
With practices scheduled for week and next, coinpdtition it# thtf interfratemity rifiery Will begiP dft next Thursday, February 6. Last year’s championship wag-Won Pi Kappa Alpha'with Sigma PM Epsilon in the runner-up posiiidH;'’ Three Man Teams A team will consist of three then from each organization, althougil: a coach to spot targets may be present if so desired, All targets will be scored by a disinterested,pefsori with the five highest teatft scores checked by at least twb otheP ppfssons. National Rifle AssO^tfiitf rules will govern in all eOUttOi^Prsies. The course is limited tO 1^6 rounds of ten shots for eddh-fliSti; and the time limit of thirty ntlhuleg will begin when the competitors receive their targets. Certahr^qttit^ fications have beeii set forth for the rifles used. All guns njBSt be .22 calibre with metallic iroRisi^fitSx Bolt action rifles are allowed^ hnO they must be used as single shobi Each gUn must have a trigger p«H of at least three pounds. Points Awarded Twenty-five participation pbihts will be given to all teama ento^g with the usual five poihk botibe Mid trophy going to the winning st^uh^ Athletic chairmen are entoui!aged to arrange their preliminary coni-? petition in order to put their beat men in the field. Entrants may purchase their aifi-* munition at the Checkout rocmt, targets will be furnished by partment. All frafdmity raCfi encouraged to engage in thd pTfletices, for the need for expert marks^ men among civilians ihay beetMlH acute at almost any Hme durih^th# present war situation, p.ni.s.
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GILLESPIE'S 221 Columbia St. PHONE 6405
Dr. A. M. Irion -— DENTIST — 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Winter Schedhias
8:00 a. m. 1:30 p. m. 9:00 p. m. 9:00 p. m. 9:00 p. m.
Fi’eshman Lecture Student Wai Council Union Mixer Cary Hall South “C” Dance Phi Kappa Sigma Formal
. Hall of Music Room 263, Union North Ballroom, Unjon Tower Lounge, Caiy Hall, South Chapter House
IM Schedules
Big Ten Standiilgs L TP OTP
-Wf'
RIFLE PRACTICE SCHEDULE Today 1 30 to 3 ‘00 p m —Kappa Sisma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta 'Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Pbi 3 00 to 4 -30 p m —Phi Kappa Sirma, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi SiKma Kappa, Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Siijma Alpha Epsilon.
Illinois Minnesota Purdue Wiseohsin North tvestei n Iowa Indiana Ohio State MichlRiin Chicago
0 1 000 302 226 2 .760 37b 321 2 bOt) 223 155 3 571 324 284 3 500 287 2b2 3 500 268 255 3 500 2bl 2b4 4 429 330 310 h 250 283 357 7 000 221 411
I know he’ll be on time ... That’^ q^e reason I like
him so well . . .
He always calls for me in a
YELLOW CAB
'i is
— RATES —
1 Passenger
35c
2 Passengers
SlA
3 Passengers
75c
4 Passengers
.... $.100
Phone 5023
BASKEfhAii^ ■ Jan. 31—At Ohio Slate Feb. 7—Iowa -hei'e Feb. 9—Northwestern, here Feb. 14—At Minnesota Feb. 16—^Wisconsin, heffe Feb. 21—At Chicago Feb. 23—At Northwestern Feb. 28—At Iowa t March 2—At Michigan March 7—At Ill|nms_^ I^DOBR track Feb. 7—Ab Chicago'* ^ Feb. 14—Illinois Relays Feb. 28—At* Indiana March 6-7—Big Ten at Chicago Maich 14—Butler Relays Maich 21—Chicago SWIMMING i Jan. 31—Michiganhere ^ Feb. 7—^Indiana, hejibr , ^ Feb. 14—Michigan, .here Feb. 18—At Ohio St^te Fob, 21—State High S^^hool Feb. 28—At Illinois Match 4—At Chic^jgo March 7—Northwestern,, here Maich 13-14—Big Ten at Mich. March 21—State Meet (tentative) Maich 27-28—N.C.A.A. at Harvard WfeESTLING Jan. 31—Findlay, here Feb. 7—Ohio ^ate. here Feb. 9—At Chicago Feb. 12—Indiana,-here Feb. 17—Illinois, here Feb. 21—Northwestern, here Feb. 26—Wheaton, here (t^tative) March 6—At Northwestferm^ March 7—At Wisconsin March 12-18—Big Teh at Chicago March 27-28—N.G.A.A’i at Mich. ^ State SQUASH Jan. 31—At Culver Feb. 7—At Northwestern (&:30) ,Feb. 7—At Chieagh Feb. 14—At Pendennis Club .Fell. 1.4—At Wind'^tay Club Feb. 21—At Michigan (8:30) Feb. 24—At Deceit Y*(6;a0) Feb. 28—I.A.C., here Maich 7—At I.A.C. Maich 14—Western. Collegiates at , Chicago
In appreciation of a gift of lahti for the Alleghei^ in 1820, the trustees pt^^e^ d $15 Canton crepe dress for Hijraiv Samuel Lord, wife of thsr iHonor..
i I
p,0
li >,<
a
ill
Merry-Go-Round
(Continued from page 1) sessed with “civil liberty” theor-
ies.
i- r. i j Inside signs on Capitol Hill are JEach week day except Saturday, . . • u • 4.u- >■ that a big storm IS brew'ing on this WBAA Broadcasts a farm radio issue and that certain high-placed ptogratn of fifteen minutes, from Administration chiefs are due to be 12 noon to 12:15. This program is put on the griddle on the matter.
designed to give to the farmer information which may be of benefit to him. Following is the schedule fOr the ’^eek of February 2 to 6, Monday, Feb. 2: “How Trees Grow” by Daniel . DentJyl and “Conserving Soil With TeiTaces” by R. O. Cole. Tuesday, Feb. 3: Agricultural Extension Activities in Tippecanoe County, an inteiWiew. Wednesday, Feb. 4: Indiana Caiiners’ and Growei’s’ Meeting at the University, an interview. Thursday, Feb. 5: “Future Farmers Plan,” an interview. Friday, Feb. 6: “What the Land Use Planning Cominittees are Doing This Winter” by J. C. Bottum and “Buying SpringSeeds” by A. S. Carter, d.l.g.
Df. Sharp Will Speak This Morning, 10:30
Dr. Alexander E. Sharp of Indi-
• Grave Error The telephone rang in a War Department office and Master Sergeant Albert C. Baty picked up the
phone.
A voice said: “Hello, are you the man who buries people in Arlington Cemetery?” “Well, I’ve done a good deal of it, yes sir,” replied the Sergeant. “Can you tell me where you buried tha^,maiden aunt:—the one you thought was a four-star gen-
eral?”
“Huh,” snorted Baty. “You’ve been reading stories in the. newspapers.” ■ “But isn’t it true that you buried a woman and you thought she lyas a general ? ” “No, it is not true.” “Haven’t you buried a general recently?” “Yes, we buried General Chaffee, but he was a three-star general, not a four-star, and he Wasn’t a maid-
had a big hand in drawing up , the no-strike pact, but in his letter he makes it clear that he does not consider this agreement as solving all
labor problems.
“I believe,” he Wrote Hill, “that the Senate will be better off and : our committee will be better off If* lively interest in organized la- ' bor’s growth and development can be constantly maintained. Such questions as registration and reporting of funds, and the regulation of elections, for example, must be faced sooner or later, as organized labor becomes more universal in Our economic life.'
Murphy Discusses
(Continued from page 1)
According to Prof. Murphy, the cooperation of all countries is neces
Matfi Make up'Kxaniiit Examinaiiond to lOiologr Students! Makeup exama In ftp;?, remove grade 0 fn Math Will be given bn ;ology 1 will be held Feb. 7, at I .V
Saturday,, Feb, 7f at';-l pmi. in, Recitation . ,
Building. Permits to take; this examination , —^ i ■ i f ■ iii.:. must be obtaiUcd no lateV'thaw Saturday, All Women Students: :Open meeting of Jan. 81. —W. L. AYRES Triton Club, women’s swimming honorary,
. , ' ! ; - Tuesd^, Feb. 3, at 7 !8p p. ip? .fn: Women Sv . Surveying' Exam: An examination for Gym. Everyone interested in s^imrolhg anp);' Exponent Frosh Staff: Complete ,listing the removal of C or 1 grades in Surveying diving is cordially invited.
aoi-w. Vvnt ic rlonowrlAnt imnn tViii in “7 frbshman editorial staff assignments is 6 will be held in Room 101, CE Building ^aiy, DUE IS aepenaent upon ine in follows: Monday—Vermillion, Dvorak, Saturday, Jan. 81, at 1:00 p. m. Permits
dustfial machinery abd . material Ricks, Huston, Duesterbcrg, Wells, Zelf; must be obtained before Friday noon. ’i-i, , ,, TT CT • • j X Tuesday-—Marion, Frohman, Martindell, —DOMMEL which only the U. S. IS equipped to SenoUr, Christman, Goode: Wednesday— — furnish. This situation affords the ^®h,’I™dnv--HvPi^'^'wnrini“”Ri^^^ 'Reamer Club: No combined meeting. , . X -x X ’t:," x”^ ' ^ Byers, Waring, Rich- Regular but important business meeting on Axis powers , an opportunity to ardsonFortier, Jhpmpson; Friday--BIack- peb. 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 804 lx- XU X XI. ■' TT o • J • born, Scalzo, Shapiro, Soloway, Skillmart; "i”fu' it , —RUFFNER claim that the U. S. IS endeavoring Saturday—Byers, Vegh, Tyson, Tierney, of the Union. Kurixvi:,K
to keep Latin and South America ^i,*g'’ned’ ’^ruf^ner*'* as agricultural nations. ' , . . „ ' , . . ;
Outing Club: Meet at the Armory Sat-
Among the obstacles to mutual urday. January 31, at- 1 p. m. for hike.
, . ■ Will be back by 6 p. m.
understanding at the present, Mur- —BUERGLER
Horticultural Society: Meeting -Wednes-, day, Feb. 4, in the assembly rdptn; of the Horticulture Building for election of Officers and a discussion of other schools of horticulture. ■ —SCHALUHORN
Foresters: Copies of "Oak' Leaves” can be obtained at the Forestry office.
—SMITH
Phy named U.’ S. industrial suprem- „ Exams : Examination for
TJnwpvpr whilp iivcrinp- <?nch ac- ^^cy, and the mistakes of the “higB removal of C grades in mechanism ME 11 However, wniie uiging suen ac-. ■” Saturday, Feb. 7. at 1 p.m. tion, Thomas strongly compelled pressure Americans in dealing in room 30i Mechanical Engineering Bulldthat the Smith bill be drastically with a quiet, reserved people in -A hall toned down saying, such a way as to offend them, w.e.r. Varsity PistoL Team: Picture win be
“Whatever legislation We do re- . ■ . - . port out should be constructive and should come after real consideration
Senior Coeds: For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone number 2966. i —SMITH
' interfraternity Discussion Tournament:', Entries must be turned In to the Porpnsio office, room 886 of the Union, by Monday,., Feb. 2. at 4:30 p, m. in order that wo mhy.'. be able to make assignments for the nr®t,, discusison which is scheduled for Tuesday, night. , —PENCE
taken Tuesday, Feb. 3, at 4 ;30 p. m. Wear t>nops uniforms. Practice will be hMd Friday Jan. 30. ' ■—GRAEBNER
Freshman Engineers: Meet for engineering lectures Saturday, Jan. 31, at 8 a. m. in the Music Hall. Seating assignments are posted near the entrance of Michael Golden
—KNAPP
Outing Club: Meet at the Armory Satr urday, Jan. 81. at 1 p. m. for o- hike. We will be back by 6. —BUERGLER .
proval of .the report by resigning
Code Instruction (Male Students) : Revised
Lie: epat PTirl iTviTYiprlintplV vnYinino- code instruction claSs rolls are posted on nis seat ana immeaiateiy lunning bulletin board of . the Armory.
POMM: important meeting Tuesday, Feb. 3, at 4:16 p. m. in room 106 of the Armory.
New pledges will he elected.
—BUSHNELL
Roger Williams Club: There , will be a meeting Sunday, Feb. 1, at W. Lafayette Baptist church. There,<will be elections of, class hour, discussion hour and social hour officers. Attendance necessary. ’ —ARTMAN
for re-election. The politicos turned the plan down; advised that he fight it out in the Senate before
If the first classes were missed the attendance can still be made up.
—LT. BURKHART
All Newly Entering Male Freshmen: If
and not aS* a result of emotional reaction.” . • Senatorial Master Mind Nazi submarine raids close -off
the Atlantic coast are causing acute
embarrassment to certainicongi’es- mysterious visit of Undersecretary Training immediately, graham sional isolationists who had loudly of the Interior John Dempsey to the Ail Male Students: Aviation Cadet Ex- , ,,,, , , ,, _ • amining Board No. 1 will meet in the base- the Armory. Wear^: pooh-poohed the likelihood of Hit- ';Whlte House was to ask the Presi- n,ent of the Execotive building for the put- tice Friday. Jari. 30.
Battery A-I, Freshman Basketball: There will be a practice Session Sund.-iy, Feb. 1, at 8 :30 p. m. on court 1. All attend.
—ARKIN
Interfoundationai Atheltic League: Bas*; ketball games Saturday, Jan. 31, at 1:3P; p. m. in' the Fieldhouse. Christians Presbyterians, Christians vs. Baptist. Be there on time. —BLACK ■
going gack to the North Dakota you are not now enrolled m Military Tram- , , T ij x: XI X ing and have any desire to take Advanced electorate .. . Inside reason for that a-raining you should enroll in Basic Mili-
Battery C-3: Report to basketball practice Sunday, Feb. 1, at 3 :30 p. m. on court 2. —BURRES
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Tuesi,; day, Feb. 3, at 4:00 p.jn. in reading room of the EE Bldg. *—SOUTHMAYD
Varsity Pistol Team: Picture will taken Tuesday, Feb. 3. at 4 :;50 p. m.
Rnapolis will speak at the Univer- aunt, because I opened the cof’sity Presbyterian Church tomorrow ^ ^ serve with morning at 10:30. His theme will be “The Time Is Now.” Dr. Sharp ^yas He has served 30 years in the Army, pastor of the University Church at has played the organ for more marMadison, Wisconsin, before he be- riages and burials than you could
came. Secretary of the Synod of Indiana for' the Presbyterian Church. The student choir, with Nancy Young as organist and John Mingle as director, will sing, r.a.b.
Relief Fund
(Continued from page 1) ciVilihris and^children in Britain by, means of nursery homes, clothing, hospital supplies and soup kitchens for feeding the people in bombed areas. 4. United China,Relief, an organization assisting the civilians in war torn China. 5. The Golden Rule Foundation, which cares for war orphans, homeless mothers and refugees in the United States, China, England and Europe. 6. United Service Organizations, which provides recreational facilities for the armed foi'ces and war 'workers. 7. American Field Service, which provides ambulances for the British, the Middle East, and the Free French in Africa. Send Contributions To Committee If at. any time other organizations present their need to the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee, the committee will consider them and send aid if they deem it desirable to do so. Contributions will he sent to the organization according to the committee’s discretion unless the person contributing to the fund specifies to what organizations he 'wishes it to go. d.w.o.
count and is senior sergeant in the entire service. “Then the story about the maiden aunt—” “Is false!”' snapped Ser’gCant Baty. “We never could make so grave an error as that!” • Unfinished Business If union chiefs think their nostrike pact with management wrote finis on labor legislation On Capitol Hill, they are in. for a big surprise. Senator Elbert Thomas of Utah, pro-labor chairman of the Senate Labor committee, has said nothing about it publicly but a few days ago he wrote a letter that sho'ws that a new labor law is far from a closed matter. In this letter, addressed to Senator Lister Hill, Alabama New Dealer, who is chairman of a subcommittee considering the drastic Smith anti-strike bill passed by the House several months ago, Thomas declared himself in favor of two major provisions of this measure. This is highly significant because critics have been accusing him of bottling up the bill. Thomas wrote Hill that he favored— (1) Requiring labor unions to make regular public reports on their finances. (2) Regulating the election of union officers to drive out racketeers from high places in the labor movement. As Vice Moderator of the labormanagement conference, Thomas
ler attacking our shores. However, none of these bum guessers is getting a hotter razzing from his colleagues than to-bacco-chewing Senator William J. (Silent Bill) Bulow. In one of his rare speeches on the floor, during the lend-lease debate last February, the South Dakotan made this brilliant statement: “Some are aroused by the fear that if we don’t stop Hitler in Europe he will come across the Atlantic Ocean to take us on. I cannot
flixYii" "fni' siYi siTioninl'YViPT'it I'll the pose of intcrviowiiig and oxaitiiiiing appliaent. lor an appointment to tne cadet Trainine from Army. Dempsey is no longer on Jan. 27 to Feb. 3 inclusive. For full infor-
your uniform^.' Prac-
—GRAEBNER
Scriveners: There will be a meeting in
, , •.! 1 • 7 c% r matioh regarding Aviation Cadet Training room 236 of the Union Sunday at 7 :30 p, m. good terms with his boss, Secretary ^nd application blanks, apply at the Ad- Jp Stong will repd a play. Guests_a^e^in-
Harold Ickes, and is looking for a iutgnt’s office. Armor"- —GRAHAM vitcd.
-RIEGLE
DR. PAUU A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |, RISK — DENTISTS ....
400-404 Slehultx Bldg, ; ' 4th and Main St. I' LafaytHg
new place to light. . . Navy officials credit Lt. Com. Walter Winchell as an ace recruiter. He has personally obtained for the Navy hundreds of much needed specialists , . . Reports that Edward J. Flynn will resign as Democratic National Chairman because of illness are unfounded. Except for a recent cold, Flynn is in excellent health and active in
be alai’ined by that kind of fear. If “directing the National Committee’s I were as certain of a place in affairs. Heaven as I am that Herr Hitler (Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
will never invade the United States, I would feel very safe. “I would feel just as good as if I were already in God’s pocket./’ Note: Bulow, facing a tough reelection contest this year, is trj> ing quietly to warm up to the White House. • Capital Chaff I
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
Classified Ads
Fine Party Tracks . . . Lavlier Beypnd Belief!
We hear it maiiy times from our customers, that the Dress was even more lovely after Crown Cleaning than when it was new.
Skilled Hands work carefully with your clothes at Crown
After the Elections committee overwhelmingly recommended his ouster on the ground of unfitness. Senator William Danger of N. D., secretely proposed to political intimates that he forestall Senate ap-
Typewriters—Adding'lnachities, all makes Bold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main» Lafayette. Phone 2779. \
Lost: Gabardine jacket with removable lambskin lining. Reward.
Will pay reward for wine leather gloves picked up by mistake at the check room Priday noon. Call 41961.
Top of the Hill
FLASHM Your College Daily Gives You-
^4
iBIii
LOVE OF MY LIFE
C'XOTIC...exciting...new Perfume and Cologne. Shantung, the fragrance with a double meaning ...Mystic, Oriental overtones...tingling, provocative depths. A perfume to tantalize ... stir the imagination. In graceful. Oriental bottles sprinkled with.brilliant Shantung swatches., Perfume • * • • 1.50 to 18,50 Cologne M ». * « 2.00 to 5.00
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
Study As Usual—Administration — December 9 —
University Goes on Full War-Time Schedule
3.93tol Fifth Column Washington Merry-Go-Round
January 6 —
Local Draft Board Clarifies Student Rating
January 10
Scouting the Shops Classified Ads Let's Listen
Boilermakers Down Ohio State Netters — January 11 —-
Rotating the Axis The Sports Gestapo
Trustees Award Aeronautics Lab Contract — January 22 —
TRUSTEES REAPPOINT MAL ELWARD, ek —I January 23 —
University Calendar The Bottle Neck University Notices EDITORIALS
This is your paper, THE TRUE EXPRESSION of STUDENT OPINION. If is a paper your parents would enjoy reading, it expresses your opinion and your exact status as a student in a University at War. Subscriptions are $2.25 (Mail) at the West Desk ot the Union or in the Exponent Office after 4:00 p. m.