z.1«»
Found0d In 1889
XMUieni § Daily Sincn 1906
■
Volume 52, No. 172
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, May 2, 1941
Campus Offers Special Gala Week Events Today
Founders’ Day Banquet Amhor Of 'College Widow'
Tonight Will Honor Ade
Annual Founders’ Day banquet honoring the establishiqent of the University 72 years ago, will be held tonight at 5:45 in the Union ballrooms. It will adjourn in time for the opening of the second presentation of “The College Widow” at 8 o’clock. George Ade, ’87, author of “The .. .
College ^idow,” will be the guest of honor. Other guests will include John T. McCutcheon, ’89, dean of American cartoonists and designer of the drops and scenery for the play; and George Ade Davis, ’06. Charles G. Dawes, former VicePresfdeni of the United States and athbassador to the Court of St. James, may accompany McCutcheon, according to an announcement
received two days ago. Honor Hall At Dinner
Honored at the dinner will be J. 'E. Hallj ’06, who retired as a University trustee last September a^ter 13 years’ service, and Palmer Edgerton, ’06, who will retire this July with 17 years of service as a
trustee.
Dr. A. W. Bitting, ’91, of San Francisco, - will receive the “Distinguished Alumni” award for his work as an authority on foods. The Noble E. Kizer Memorial trophy will be awarded by Mitchel Menacof, ’30, to a senior to b^ selected as outstanding in athletics and scholarship. Reichman Will Play Joe Reichman and his orchestra will play at the dinnei as well as for the dance later in the evening. Specialties from “the College Widow” will also be presented at the banquet. A1 Stewart, musical director, will supervise this feature. John W. Wheeler, ’16, member of the board of trustees, will serve as toastmaster for the affair, f.i.j.
Sophomore Chem, Met Engineers take Two Exams Today Examinations in mathematics and physics will be administered to sophomores in the schools of chemical and metallurgical engineering this afternoon and evening in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. The two exams, each of three hours’^ duration, comprise the first group in the series of four “comprehensive exams” taken each year by members of the chemical and metallurgical schools near the end of their sophomore year. Failure on the part of the student to perform satisfactorily in any of the four tests, mathematics, physics, chemistry or English, will result in his being presented with the opportunity of taking a three hour course in the field of his unsatisfactory test. Failure of any student to take the tests without a valid excuse for absence will result in the addition of three hours of "D” to his scholastic record for each exam missed. • Those taking the exams were given an opportunity to vote for the most convenient schedule for the exams. Of over 200 students in the sophomore classes of the two schools, 39 voted to take the tests on two successive Saturdays, 22 voted to take' the exams on four successive Saturdays, and 'Some 139 indicated complete disgust with the whole idea and a lethargic attitude by not bothering to vote at all. Examinations in chemistry and English will be given on Saturday,. May 10, from 1 to 4 and 7 to 10 o’clock. r.l.h. Wesley Foundation Holds Co-ed Breakfast Tomorrow Wesley Foundation will hold its annual co-ed breakfast tomorrow morning at 8:30 in the chapter house. Mr. R. L. Holden will speak on “Your Choice of Values.” All Methodist co-eds are invited to attend, No charge will be made for the breakfast.
_From All Fronts—— Toddy's Summary
Of War News
To Chicago 0aily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • Churchill Answers Demands “Shakeup of the British cabinet, with Lord Beaverbrooks’ appointment as ‘minister of state,’ is Prime Minister Churchill’s answer to recent demands for strengthening of Great Britain’s upper political hierarchy,” cables William H.
Stoneman from London.
* * *
• Royal Navy At Tobruk Axis forces are intensifying their assault on Tobruk, Rome reports, and London says the British expect to drive off the attack since the Royal Navy has thrown its weight into the fight.
V 3k
o China Sighs Relief “Washington’s cool reaction to Japanese appeasement feelers has evoked a sight of relief from embattled China,” radios A. T. Steele from Hong Kong.
■* >|! H-
o U S Faces Two-Ocean War If Suez falls, stimulating Japan to make its move to take over Oceania, “the United States will face a two-ocean war, or throw up its hand,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington. « I|C s|< ' • Tension In Iraq Increases Tension in Iraq was increased when ative troops defied a demand that they withdraw from the Habbaniya An port of the Royal Air Force. The German radio tells of warlike gestures there. »
iH * III
o Full Supply Effort Needed The Australian Prime Minister said in London that if the war is to be won all anti-Axis countries, including the United States, must exert a 100 per cent effort in supplying equipment, cables Helen Kirkpatrick.
* * 1(1
o RAF Should Bomb Civilians The Royal Air Force should adopt the policy of bombing Germany’s civilian population, in the opinion of 63 per cent of Great Britain’s people, according to a Gallup Poll just completed there. Discussion Finalists Speak Tuesday Night Final round of the Puidue Intramural Discussion Group will be held Tuesday evening. May 6, in the Home Economics Auditorium at 7:30. Each of the eight finalists will give a seven minute speech on the “Action Phase,” which will include his personal program for ^dealing with the part the United States plays in the present war. Five judges will pick the best speakers. The eight finalists are: Janet Pickering, Kappa Kappa Gamma; George Tipsword, Pi Kappa Alpha; William Neff, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Maurice Bernhard, Haskell Metz, Tau Epsilon Phi; Donald Grant, Gerhard Northman, and Gerhard Van Biema, Sigma Al-
pha Mu.
Leading Groups A cup will go to the men’s and one to the women’s organizations whose contestants have accumulated the greatest number of points.
. . . George Ade, ’87, is pictured here perusing the revised script for the Varsity Show’s presentation of his spicy, humorous play about campus life in 1905. On his left stands A. P. Stewart, musical director of the production, and on his right, Kenn Carmichael, dramSatic adviser for the show.
Reichman Will Play For Seniors, Alumni At Tonight's Dance Jean Jones, May Queen To Appear With Court By Peg Howard Six years ago, a St. Louis physician gave Joe Reichman six months to live. Last year the doctor passed away! But Joe is still very much alive and will bring his well-known band to the campus tonight to play for the annual senior-alumni dance in the Union ballrooms from 9 to 12 o’clock. At 10:30 p. m. May Queen Jean Jones and her court of co-eds will appear as a special feature of the evening. Miss Jones is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and holds a senior editorship on the Debris. The queen’s court includes Ruth Bennett, Georgia Catroll, Vickie Milea, Peg Terstegge, Yvonne Holden, Merle Hagemeyer, Jean Chandler, and Rosemary Fell. Joe Coming From Cincinnati Reichman, who is coming here from an engagement at the Nether-land-Plaza Hotel in Cincinnati, combines smooth danOb music with exceptional showmanship for a very pleasing effect as evidenced by his enormous popularity wherever he appears. Joe has been named “The Pagiacci of the Piano” because of his clowning antics while seated at the keyboard. His origination of an illuminated mirror, set above the keyboard of his piano so that onlookers may get a clearer view of his flying fingers in action, is an example of one of his methods of selling himself and bjs music. All seniors and alumni having tickets to the Pounders’ Day dinner will be admitted free to the dance, Otherwise, tickets for the dance will be on sale at the door for the usual one dollar. University Unit ... of the Reserve Officers Training Corps passed in review yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock on the intramural field before an assembled ^roujj* of officers, alumni, students and townspeople.
Alumni To Dine Hold Business Meeting At 12
Alumni will meet in the Union Balhooms at 12: this noon for the annual alumni luncheon and business meeting of the association. Entertainment will be provided by A1 Stewart and membeis of the Varsity Show cast. The business meeting of the Alumni association will immediately follow the lunch. W. Henry Roberts ’12, of Indianapolis, who is executive vice-president of the alumni association will preside over the , meeting. Harry J. Reed ’ll, Dean of the Agriculture school and treasurer of the alumni association will report on finances. Also, lesults of the election for Central regional director and Lafayette regional director of the alumni association will be announced. o.l.a. Chinese Ambassador To Address Seniors A! '41 Baccalaureate Dr. Hu Shih, Chinese ambassador to the United States, will deliver the baccalaureate address to members of the Class of ’41 at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon in the Hall of Music. Doors at the Executive building end of the Hall will be opened at 1:20 o’clock so that parents and guests can obtain their seats early. All seniors may attend the address regardless of whether they will graduate this June or not, according to a recent announcement made by H. H. Wikel, chairman of the committee in charge. Those who are not eligible for graduation, however, inust notify the Registrar’s office by noon today if they plan to take part in the exercises. 'Dr. Shih has been ambassador to this country since 1938 and is known as an author, lecturer and educator, -f.i.j.
Varsity Sh6w To Repeat College Widow' Tonight George Ade’s “College Widow” in a repeat performance, varsity baseball, intrasquad fojotball, Founders’ Day 72-gun salute and banquet, open radio broadcasts, a special band review and the 1941 flag raising are among the events scheduled for today as Gala Week begins its third day. “College Widow” will again be presented tonight at 8 o'clock in the Music Hall by the same cast of 150 which entertained 5,500 students Thursday evening. Marjorie Williamson, the “College Widow” of the 1941 revival of Ade’s story of 1905 Purdue, J. Henry Amt, Alberta Schmadel, ^ohn Mingle, Carolyn Wood, and Betty Wedge will take the leading^roles. 'College Widow' Curtain Goes Up At 8 Admission to tonight’s Varsity Show is by ticket only, and all seats are reserved. Tickets are priced at one dollar. George Ade himself will be present at tonight’s showing of the play that first brought him fame. He will see the production presented before a backdrop specially drawn by John T. McCutcheon, ’89. Also present will be George Ade Davis, of Oklahoma City', nephew «£ the author and himself author of “Back, to Old Pmrdue,”' traditional Boilermaker song, which is featured in the music arranged for the performance by A1 Stewart. Directing “The College Widow” are H. ^KenUnCarmichael, Stewart, and Mrs. Helen B. Knight. 1\ 72Gun Salute On Oval At 2 The afternoon’s events will start at 2 o'clock with the firing of« 72-gun Founders’ Day salute. The class of 1916, now celebrating its 26th anni-
TODAY'S PROGRAM 8:00 a. m.—Purdue Speech Defect and Reading Clinic (all morning) Hear a recording of-your ^wn voice—University Hall. 8:30 a. m.—Alumni Reception (all morning)Main building each school. 10:00 a. m.—Varsity Baseball—Indiana vs. Purdue * 11:00 a. m.—Radio Broadcast—“Just Kids” program—WBAA Hall of Music. 11:30 a. m.—^Radio Broadcast—“High School Guest Hour” program^— ' WBAA Hall of Music Studios. - ^ ; 12:10 a. m.—GALA WEEK LUNCHEON—Memorial Union Bujlding.’ 1:00 p. m.—Annual Meeting Purdue Alumni Association, Inc. 2:00 p. m.—bounders’Day 72 Gun Salute—Placement of 1916 Class ' Wreath on John Purdue’s Grave—1941 Flag Raising—^Ovsfl 2:15 p. m.—Traditional‘Class Parade—Starts at Oval, ends in Stu.dhtim. Special Gala Week Review of the famous Purdue Military, Band—Ross-Ade ’Stadium. 2:30 p. m.—Football—^^J^arsity vs. Frosh, sponsored by Gimlet Club. PresentaHon of alumni watch to outstanding freshman. ' 3:00 p. m.—Radio Broadcast, “Campus Varieties” program—WBAA Student Classical Musicale Program—Music Room,,Union. 6:45 p. m.—Founders’ Day Banquet—Special Awards—Membrisl Uhidn Bldg. Joe Reichman and his nationally know^ orchestra— Purdue Men’s Glee'Chib. 8:00 p. m.—1941 VARSITY SHOW—Featuring George ^defs,>_^»87, “College Widow’’—Hall of Music. 9:00 p. m.—^Annual Senior-Alumni Dance (until midnight)-:-Memorial lirnion Ballroom. 9:30 p. m.—Class Business Meetings, Parties and Smokers—’ll Class' Stag Elks Club.
versary, will then place a wreath onJohn Purdue’s grave; and University seniors, formed by schools, will raise the traditional gold and black class flag bearing the 1941 numerals. Immediately after the flag-raisfng ceremony, seniors will lead the sen-ior-alumni parade to Ross-Ade stadium, marching behind emblems of their schools. The alumni, marching by classes, will follow. “Spots” Emrick’s University Military Band will present a special Gala Week review in the stadium as a feature of the Gimlet-sponsored “Gold vs. Black” intrasquad football gahie, scheduled to get under way at 2:30 p. m. Closing the busy day is the annual Senio^i'-Alumni Dance in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12. j.h.a< ^
Kinghorne Discusses Aeromodelers Plan Food Defense Program Model Plane Contest
Discussing the state’s "part in the food defense program, Joseph W. Kinghorne, assistant chief of the U. S. Department of Agriculture surplus marketing administration, spoke before a meeting of Hoosier poultrymen in the lecture room of the Home Economics build-
ing yesterday afternoon.
The meeting was called by Philip Endres of Frankfort, president oif the State Poultry Association of Indiana, to discuss ways that pouL trymen may respond to the secretary of agricultux'e’s appeal for a material increase in egg production and a ten per cent increase in the number of pullets housed this faU. Other speakers were Dr. E. C. Young, University agricultural economist, T. S. Townsley, Ohio research worker, and Dr. J. H. Martin, head of the department of poul-
try. e,g.k.
Tomorrow Morning Third annual outdoor model airplane contest will be sponsored by the Aeromodelei's club tomorrow from 9 to 6 o’clock about 10 miles north of West Lafayette on River Rdad. Signs will mark the way to
the contest.
Prizes totaling $125 will be awarded to the winners of events which are open to gas model planes^ rubber powered models, and gliders. The winners will be picked by averaging the time of several
flights.
Aeromodelers firom Ohio, Indiana^ Illinois, Wisconsin and Bffl^ngan will enter the contest. Entry iees of 76 cents for gas models, 86 cents tifr gliders and 60 eents for rqbh^ powdred models wiU he charged. The contest wHl be open withoul
charge to the public, a^:.
#■4
'if
dSr
2-£ditiL
Saturday, May 3, 1941
PuAdusL £xfi6tumL
The ^th Colnmil
We saw the Varsity Show the other night. We mean the College Widow. And she was all right, too. As widows go.
The one noticeable thing about the whole business was that they kept repeating themselves. We don’t know whether to nhalk it up to . . . * Lack of new songs.
Or a plug for Sigma Chi.
And from the thirty-four other fraternities on the campus we might add a word. Ala Burgess Meredith in That Uncertain Feeling. Phooey.
All in all though it was a darn fine show. And the crowd got quite a kick out of stepping into the melodrama to hiss the villan. The only thing that could possibly have made them any happier in their I’elations with him . . . Would have been a ripe tomato concession. * ♦ * That’s for over here. Over there. In England. The marriage rate hit a new high last year. Whether because of the war or in spite of it we’re ndf real sure. But an3rway . . . It seems they are taking their production seriously.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as sceond slasa matter at the i>ost offiae la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conirreaa of Mareh I, 1879, and at the special rate of poatage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jfanusury 20, 1922. jpobIJshed daily except Monday during the regular academe year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60. Editor-in-Chief „ R. W. Donahue Business Manager .Merle Hageaaeyer
Publication Staff News Editor .J. H. McKee Managing Editor.... ... D. K. B^iple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcdl, L. Vf. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Butinoss Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Aseonnts Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R ' M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Asso<;iate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. SpSrts Staff Editor „ . J. F. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Brophy Issue Editor: Smith
Day Editor: Chatileld Night Sports Editor: Clark
Staff H G. deBruyn, C R McIntosh, E. C Young, J D Fraser, F. I Jones, R R Runnion, J H Armstrong, R L Hadley, P A Howard, O L Allanson, J. F. Zinski and J. F Amos.
See where Hugh Johnson is kicking about not having
Jimjdif, JidL
Union Music Room
To Present Soloists
'Back To Old Purdue'
Once again the University is playing host to returning Alumni and friends and as usual a super show is in progress. It seemed good to see returning alumni wandering around the campus yesterday afternoon and evening marveling at the latest developments. Even last year's graduates must have been surprised by the new physics building, the electrical engineering addition, and the agricultural engineering building. There is always progress at Purdue. The students had a sneak preview of George Ade’s “College Widow” Thursday night and unless we miss our guess the Alumni should get a bigger bang out of it than the students did, if that’s possible. The return of such large numbers of old grads is an inspiring sight for we cynical 1941 graduates who have little faith in sentiment or romanticism. It certainly speaks well for the Alma Mater when we see cars bearing license plates from Georgia, New York, California, and points North, East, South, and West. It proclaims to all of us a loyalty to old friendships and “the glory of old Purdue.” Many happy returns of Gala Week!
Union Music Room will present a light classical program this afternoon from 3 to 4 o’clock for those not attending the intrasquad football game.i Marvin Smith, tenor, Mollie Harding, soprano, and Angelo Castellani, piano soloist, will be the featured artists. Miss Harding will sing “Morning,” by Speaks; “Love Sends a Little Gift of Roses,” by Openshaw; “Beloved, It Is|Mom,” by Aylward; and “Annie Laurie,” by Scott. Smith will sing “The Bitterness of Love,” by Dunn; “I Hear a Forest Praying,” by DeRose; “Come, Love With Me,” by Carnevali; and “The Hills of Home,” by Fox.
The zenith is reached. The University of Pennsylvania has appointed a committee on national defense to co-ordinate all its defense activities.
Present
WBAA Will Open 'Campus
. . . and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will hold open house at their home, 515 South Seventh Street, tomoiiow morning at 10 o’clock.
Varieties' To Public At 3
4-H Club Sponsors Party Tonight In Women's Gym
4-H Club members will hold their annual spring party tonight from 8 to 11 o’cjiock in the women’s gym as announced today by Harry Anderson, publicity chairman.
WBAA’s Campus Varieties program will be open to the public this afternoon in the eonfer^ce room of the Hall of Music. The program is scheduled for 3 p. m. but the doors will close promptly at 2:56 o’clock. Those who are attending the program should enter the building through the door between it and the administration building WBAA announced last night.
TAKE YOUR SEATS, AMERICA!
Th« curtain rites on Iho tcrcon’t supremo pageant of britliant start, lovely beauties, thrilling melodies, glitlering speclocle and ioyous enterlolnmentl
— Starts — TODAY
Starts TOMORROW
THE LOVE STORY OF A MAGNIFICENT LIVING A JLORIOUS jef
GEO. BRENT • MARY ASTOR — LAST TIMES TODAY
Bing CROSBY Bob He|w •Porpthy lomour
£ooL %ooJl
‘THE GANG’S ALL HERE” $2.50 f*rinceton University Press
his general’s commission renewed. As fellow sufferers we are sending him . . . An honorary membership in the “I Want To Be A Captain Club.”—dkh
“The characters in this book are fictitous. Any similarity to real persons or situations is purely coincidental,” says Harvey Smith at the beginning of his delightful new book, The Gang’s All Here; but you will find that before you’ve ventured a dozen pages into these vignettes of human understanding you’ll begin to recognize friends and acquaintances in this fictional gallery and perhaps even yourself! The Gang’s All Here is a riproaring, rib-tickling, reading excursion into the land of college alumni and annual reunions. The school IS Nostalgia University, a mythical yet typical institution created by the author, and the alumni are hundreds of varied types of individuals, ranging from multimillionaires to filling station attendants, held together by one mutual bond . . . love for their alma mater. Nostalgia. Narrator of the story is Tubby Rankin, bachelor editor, who for twenty-five years has been secretary of his "class. During all these years Tubby has written glowing reports of his classmates in the issues of the alumni magazine, the tenth, fifteenth, and twentieth year class records; however when the twenty-fifth reunion rolls around and Tubby again finds himself forced with the task of writing the class record, he rebels at university tradition which forces him to camouflage the true antics of his classmates and decides to tell the truth for once (and takes a runout powder to Tahiti afterwards). In sixty short biographical sketches, ably integrated by Tubby, you will meet Beansy Coleman, Tadpole Morrison, Shum Martin, Pinky Loomis, Horsefeathers Fellows, Mike Towne and many of the others who are now milling wround the registration desk in the union. We’re glad that the gang’s all here at old Purdue once again, and we suggest that those of you who would like to take back a memo of your reunion to laugh and linger over when you return home should stop in at Southworth’s for your copy of Harvey Smith’s new book today. 1
Qjv JhsL ^hwuJmA.
• Christian Foundation • 126 Chauncey Church services at First Christian Church, Sixth and North Streets Sunday, May 4 9-30 a m.—Student class. Miss Margaret Beeson will speak on the subject “The Responsibilities of the Homemaker to Religion.” 10:40 a. m.—Church. In the absence of Rev. Mullen, Prof. Frank Hall will speak on the subject “The Dictator and The Church.” 4:30 p. m—Hike. Meet at 126 Chauncey. 10 cent supper at Happy Hollow. Wanda Haibaugh will lead evening discussion.
• Methodist Students 8:30 a. m.—Co-ed May Breakfast. 9:30 a. m—Men’s Student Class —“Doubts of the Skeptic”—Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Chmch Service. Sermon by Rev. Steele. 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour led by Mary Ann Mackay and Burt Hofferth. 6:30 p. m.—Panel discussion by the Social Service Committee on “Social and Economic Conditions in Lafayette.” 7:15 p. m.—Worship service led by Phyllis School, Dons Rockwell, and Ray Lumpkin.
• Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey sts. Joseph B. Gleason—Student Pastor 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class Hour.—Dean Fisher, teachei. 10:35 a. m.—Morning worship service. Communion service. Sermon “Spiritual Fitness” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Social Hour. Supper at 6:00. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour. J. L. Van Camp will show coloied slides on “Outdoor Indiana.” He Avill also accompany the pictures with a short talk.
WEfT tArAVBTTI
• University Presbyterian North Street at Grant Street Rev. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the'Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m—The Sunday morning group will continue its study of “Chiistianity and Democracy” undei the leadership of Dr. Graves. 10-30 a. m.—Rev. Findley will
DOUBLE
HORROR
Sharp Fanged Blood Sucking Death Dives out of Midnight Skies!
It Will Petrify You!
PLUS
Masterof Murder! King of Crime! A breath snafeh-ing-erie eyeful of spine chilling super horror! DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES with Emlyn Williams — Sara Seegar
NEW
Starts MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:00 P. M.
TODAY —THE DEVIL AND MISS JONES
Dances, Condave Top Greek Gala Week-End
Two dances and one conclave are scheduled today in addition to the large number of Gala Week activities including the Senior-Alumni dance in the Union.
The two dances are the Pi Phi spring formal ifi their chapter house and the Theta Tau dance in Duncan hall.
Maury Mahns and his boys are playing for the Pi Phi’s, while Bill Bension and his “music with a fashion” will play for the engineers. Delegates from the University of Michigan, Michigan State college, Indiana University, and Wabash college are expected to descend on the-Kappa Sig’s for their district convention today. The afternoon will be devoted to a business session and at 6:30 o’clock a banquet will be held at the chapter house, e.g.k.
Gala Week Dance
. . . was held in the North ballroom of the Union last night from 7 to 12 o’clock. Alumni, students, and guests attended the dance.
preach at the regular morning service. The topic of his sermon is “The Way of Jesus Christ.” 6:00 p. m.—The Sunday Evening Club will meet for a 15 cent supper in the church basement. The commission on campus problems under the leadership of Mary Catherine Virtue will have charge of the program. All students are invited to join in the fellowship.
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
C H A n I f S w. blARRETT '' PmfaKia
— AND —
with RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE
PLUS
WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN- NEWS
—SUNDAY-monday-
girl FROM GOD'S COUNTRY dreaming out loud MICKEY'S GRAND OPERA
LUMA
— SUNDAY - MONDAY —
. NEVER BEFORE A PICTURE LIKE IT!
Paramount Prgsents
GARY COOPER
MADELEINE CARROLL
PAULEYTC GODDARD
PRESTON FOSTER
LON CHANEY, JR.
in fechnicoior!
LAST DAY —. 2 HITS
GENE AUTRY IN
'Back in the Saddle' ALSO
'MISSING TEN DAYS'
mamifi
(puJuim £xfionmt
Saturday, May 3, 1941
fiixgiL 3-Sfic^
■I
» V
Alumni Crowds Witness Finale Of Spring Football Spring football practice reaches its final phase this afternoon in the annual Gala Week Gold vs. Black struggle in Ross-Ade stadium. A huge alumni gathering is expected to be on hand for the Gimlet-sponsored contest, which will begin at 2:30 o’clock. This is the third intra-squad game in the spring series and with the #nal whistle this afternoon the boys will put away the moleskins and the cleated shoes until September. This being the case, competition will probably be' as keen as the average spectator cares to see it.
Councilman Stars, Four Marks Fall At Gdlacade Three Indiana and one National Junior AAU records were broken during the presentation of the annual Galacade in the Eieldhouse pool last night. Jim Councilman of the St. Louis YMCA was the standout performer of the evening with first places in the 150 yard individual medley and the 100 yard breast stroke.
Blacks Have Slight Edge With veterans manning most of the starting positions in both lineups, the contest looms as a tight, evenly-matched affair. A slight edge in experience must be given the Blacks, however. I'hree newcomers will break into the starting Gold eleven, while none are listed on their opponents’ list. Barry French, huge yearling lineman, will open at right tackle, and Bill Powers at right guard. The former Emerson of Gary star. Bob Johnson, will operate at center. This trio is expected to play a lot of football for the Riveters in the seasons to come. Repetition Of ‘Three Bees’ Not so long ago. Boilermakers Lou Brock, Jack Brown and Mike Byelene were gaining national prominence as the “Three Bees.” Another version of this famous trio will be unveiled today as the Gold
backfield moves onto the offensive. This new group, which will be joined by Bob Kersey at quarterback, includes Battering Bill Buffington at fullback and two dangerous passers, Bryan Brock and Tony Berto at the halves. Co-captains Jim Miller and Tommy Melton will be in tbe center of a sturdy, veteran Black line. Their backfield is a bit more experienced, boasting such performers as Tex Smerke, Paul (Swede) Anderson, John Galvin, and big John Petty. Several frosh ball-carriers, including Johnny Andretich, Francis Meakim, Kenny Smock, Bob Chester and others, are expected to be in the ball game before too long. At the half the Freshman Football Merit Trophy, won last year by “Red” Carter, will be presented by representatives of the Purdue Alumni Association.
Records Tumble Councilman set one of the records in the medley with a time of 1:38.7, breaking a mark of 1:42 that was set by A1 Rust in 1936. Betty Bemis, young mermaid who is being coached by Riveter swimming mentor, Dick Papenguth, set a record in the Indiana 100 yard back stroke; John Dilley, promising Riveter freshman, set a new time of 1:03.1 in the Mid-States AAU backstroke and then Betty Bemis came back to win the Indiana 100 yard free style in the precedent shattering time of 1:03.5. Young Patty Aspinall, 14-year-old Indianapolis holder of 10 records in the women’s breast stroke, was present to enliven the affair. Too Bad, Hank! Henry Kozlowski, according to Dick Papenguth, the greatest high school swimmer in the United Stales, was scheduled to put in an appearance, but injured his back yesterday afternoon when he was struck by a diver from the high board. Hank is from Lane Tech, Chicago.
Jack Hiple, of the Huntington YMCA, electrified the cf^wd with his diving from the 10-foot board. He received the top diving award of the evening with 57.6 points. Crazy Antics Two novelty numbers gave added impetus to the interest that swimming is attracting at the Boilermailer institution. A “three-men-on-a-raft” race was a near riot. The only trouble encountered came in turning the craft around. The Galacade concluded with an exhibition of comedy diving, burlesqueing of all of the dives in the books, o.t.c. Home Runs Mean Change . Of Scene For Rog Cramer Roger Cramer, currently earning ,his pay checks from Clark Griffith by performing m the Washington outfield, has never been ope to frighten opposing pitchers with his hitting of home runs. However the four base knock seems to mean a change of scene for Rog every time he hits one.
1941 VARSITY SHOW Presents ‘JL, Co/ir ”
By GEORGE ADE \ Purdue *87
1905 — SONGS, DANCES, COSTUMES — 1905 200 CAST, 3b BAND, 60 ORCHESTRA s Co-Sponsors Playshop and Musical Organizations
8:00 P. M.
ADMISSION $1.00
ALL SEATS RESERVED
Tickets Available at Eieldhouse Ticket Office
PORDDI Hill II MUSIC
N
Hoosiers Swamp Boilermaker Nine Here, JO-1, In Sloppy Game By JOE DOLAN (Exponent Sports Editor) Local hospital officials must have received an urgent requelt from Mrs. William Paul Fehring last night for straight jackets and restraining sheets to keep her baseball coaching husband in bed, and if Purdue’s coach was acting in such a delirium calling for such mental “persuaders” he had a perfect right to, because yesterday afternoon, before the largest crowd so far this season to assemble on Ross-Ade recreation field, the Purdue baseball team decided to get all of their mistakes out of their systems and to the advantage of (of all peoples) Indiana, the Hoosiers winning the comedy of errors 10-1. As usual, the contest was marked
by defensive gems on both sides— and also with the silliest of errors and moment bits of where-am-I stuff. Indiana’s pitcher, Donald Dunker, usually a fair pitcher, had Purdue’s batsmen cow-tailing and standing on their auditory mechanisms in an effort to connect. Now Indiana got nine hits to Purdue’s four, but surprising enough, the Hoosiers’ hits were spread out over a period that would have meant little damage had not Purdue mistakes handed Indiana a victory. Great Fielding Gems Fielding aspects of the game couldn’t be topped in the big show, as Mike Byelene robbed Danielson of a home run in center field in the fifth with the greatest running catch since Tom Dickenson’s similar catch against the Hoosiers four years ago. Wellman, I. U. catcher raised the fans to their feet in the fifth by catching McFerren’s high pop foul while crashing into the back stop, duplicating an exact performance by Purdue’s Harry Krause also of four seasons ago. Kosman, visiting short stop also contributed to a great defensive afternoon by taking Doherty’s apparent single with a ^reat running catch into left field in the sixth stanza. Indiana Scores First To get down to brass (but a bit tarnished) tacks, Indiana drew the first blood when Kosman took advantage of some poor andy-over between second and first after he was trapped to rest on second for a minute, advance on a fielders choice and score on Moose Dro’s fly to Mike Byelene. Who Is Paul Revere Purdue came back to pull a Pony Express score with everything but an Indian’s arrow sticking through the run that crossed (or crawled)
across the plate. Don Blanken led off Purdue’s effort in the second by blasting one to deep right center. Away Don fiew, rounded second on the fly, limped into third on his weak ankle, and also in came the relay of the ball from deep right. Eighteen yards from the plate, Blanken fell exhausted and started to crawl—and the ball was coming nearer. A Sigh of Relief With the entire crowd doing Talahassie Tangos and St. Louis Shakedowns in an effort to help Blanken over the last foot as the relay hit the catcher’s glove; Don tapped home with his index finger. Indiana Wins In Third ^Kosman again scored for Indiana in the third when he walked to open the inning, went to second on a fly, and came home while Byelene was playing mumble-peg with "Danielson’s single to center. That was enough to win, but Purdue feeling full of fight started to fight right back until the unforgetable sixth inning. Indiana scored four runs in the sixth that were worse to swallow than castor oil. Indiana loaded the bases on a hit and two walks, one intentional, as two were out, with the pitcher coming up. He came v^) all right, and with a long fly to. Purdue’s Janisch in right. Now John Janisch isn’t the fastest of fielders, but he got under the ball. Nonchalantly he raised one hand for the catch; he caught it—and dropped it. Three runner^ scored, and so did Dunker when McFerren’s perfect relay sallied through the Purdue infield to the fence. Summaries: R. H. E. Indiana 101 014 003—10 9 2 Purdue . 010 000 000— 1 4 4
Netters Swamp Ball State Crew; Ohio State Nips Linksmen, 14-13 Dahl Defeats Conference Netmen Defeat Ball State,
Champion In Major Upset Battling to the 18th' green of the final match, the Riveter golfers dropped an eyelash 14-13 decision to (;he linksmen from Ohio State yesterday afternoon at the West Lafayette Country Club. The invading Buckeyes ^ook two of the three doubles matches and three of the six singles events. The singles contest between Curran of the Riveters and Steckle of Ohio State was di-
vided.
Champion Whipped George Dahl of the Boilermakers sprung a major,surprise vyhen he defeated the Buckeye ace, Billy Gilbert, 3-0. Gilbert is the defending Conference champion. However, in the doubles Gilbert and Steckle nipped Dahl and Knipp, 2-1. Dahl posted a 73 to Gilbert’s 76. Indiana Next The next match is with Indiana at Bloomington on Monday. Coach Harry Allspaw has selected Dahl, Knipp, Hoffer and Curran as his travelling squad for this event. Today’s loss was the second Big Ten defeat for the Riveters, the other being inflicted by Illinois. At Indiana they will attempt to get into the victory column and possibly start a winning streak. The summary follows-: Dotibles: ^ Gilbert and Steckle (OS) defeated Dahl and Knipp (P), 2-1. Hoffer and Curran (P) defeated Crisko and Montenero (OS), 3-0. Simon and Reinhardt (OS) defeated McDaniels and Dittmer (P), 2-1. ' Single: Dahl (P) defeated Gilbert (OS),
8-0.
Crisko (OS) defeated Knipp (P),
3-0.
6-1, On Home Clay Courts Undefeated until the final doubles match, LaBree’s tennis team notched its fifth straight victory by overwhelming Ball State yesterday, 6-1, on the clay courts north of the
• Fieldhouse.
Fred Richards and Bill Van Camp dropped the final match to the Ball State pair by a 6-8, 6-4, 7-6 score, enabling the Teachers to lift themselves out of the whitewash. The Riveters eased through singles competition without being troubled, although Capt. Bob Andei'son was extended to the outer limit in one set,
13-11.
No Trouble All of the other singles matches were won in straight sets, with Gus Armstrong scoring the most decisive win, 6-2,6-2. Ray Lucht and Bob Anderson were the bulwarks in the Rivet* scoring, each winning their singles match and then teaming for a 6-3, 3-6, 9-7 win in doubles. Summary of the matches is as
follows:
Stettner (P) defeated Carmichael (BS) 7-6, 6-1; Aj-mstrong (P) defeated Peterson (BS) 6-2, 6-2; Anderson (P) defeated Gilkie (BS), 13-11, 1-6, 6-4; Lucht (P) defeated Herron (BS), 6-4, 6-2. Richards (P) defeated LaMotte (BS), 6-t4, 6-1; Anderson and Lucht defeated Carmichael and Peterson, 6-3, 3-6, 9-7, Gilkie and Herron defeated Richards and Van Camp, 6-8, 6-4, 7-5,
Curran (P) and Steckle (OS> di-
Tided, 1%-1%.
‘l
Simon (OS) defeated Hoffer
(P). 2-1.
McDaniels (P) defeated Monte-
nero (AS),* 2%-%,
Reinhardt (OS) defeated Dilt-
mer (P), 8-0,
‘ ' snU ^
a
its; .
fia^ 4 - ^BmJud.
Saturday, May 3, 1941
fiwtduA. £xfaf)tuitiL
Foot-Sore Expo Sleuth Investigates Mysteries Of Flashing Lights, Fire Water At Open House
By Ollie Allanson We were in the Expo oflSce, not dfoing much but pretending we were busier than you know what when the Night Editor collars us and tells us to go out and look at this open house and write up what we see. So we says “sure” and scrams. First of all we go over to Heavilon Hall. We wander into the hydraulics lab where they had wat^r going into tanks and out of tanks and dovn troughs. It was a nice place to be if you like water. Personally, we prefer the Bla—oops. Next we wander into the welding shop. But it’s too hot so we leave. Doc Martin’s Fire Eaters The next thing we know, we’re in the Chem Annex watching the Commercial Solvent Company’s little men marching ’round and ’round. But they make us dizzy. Eventually,
after successfully dodging two or three of the chem department’s graduate students who try to drag us in and explain what they are up to, we find ourselves watching Doc Martin’s wonder-boys set fire to their hands, make water into wine, and what-not. After a while, we go over to the Physics Building and look at a lot of X-ray and Radiograph equipment. Then there’s the cyclotron. It was in a little room all by itself, behind heavy metal walls. They had a complicated relay rack with red and green lights flashing off and on and circuit breakers snapping in and out. Then across the street to the ME Building. We go down in the basement where they have a lot of motors and stuff running. But it’s too
noisy, sd we go up to the attic and watch the narrow gaifge playboys run their trains around. We saw their superintendent’s car. Very interesting and authentic. But if you haven’t seen it you won’t understand why we’re going on and on about it. Kiss-O-Meter—Whee And ngxt the EE Building. The first thing we see when we come in is the kiss-o-meter. It was interesting. And entertaining, too. But that is to be expected. After we get tired of testing it we continue into the main EE lab. Weird lights are flickering on and off. And all sorts of things happening all at once. And lots of fellows were doing lots of other things, but we got tired of looking and left. Besides our feet hurt.
Science Freshman Wins Three Places
In Literary Contest
Winning one first prize and two seconds, Ellen Seaiight, Sci. ’44, received top honors at the Scrivener literrary banquet Thursday evening. She received the H. G. Reisner cup for the best short story, “The After Year,” the English department awaid for the second best informal essay, “Old Jackson,” and the Dean Enders award for second best technical essay, “Relativity.” Other prizes awarded were the David E. Ross cup for poetry for a collection of poems entitled, “Through a Glass Darkly” by Dale Sheets, PE ’42, the George Ade cup for the one act play “Dan Patch” by Dick Shively, Sd. ’41. Two More Awards Governor Schrickei cup for the best informal essay, “This Is My Heritage,” Edward Sroka, PSE ’41, the Dean Enders award for the best technical essay, “Whirling Propellers,” by J. E. Schwager, Eng. ’44. Hockema-Stewart prize for the best historical essay, “Battle of Tippecanoe,” by J. F. McCord, EE ’43, and for the second best essay “Americus, the Beautiful” by A. J. Taggart, T and IE ’43.
Dunn Wins Winterrowd
5WC
its ii nmm
T I II ■ If «‘'<»‘cinteed I ^ «curacy. h »h® ■ chgrmond color of
nofurol yoliow gold. 17 lew) "•ovement. silk
•T#i»ner,
TERMS: 50c A WEEK
Nineteen Bridge Teams
Continue In Tourney
'P' Men's Club Presents / Blankets To 45 Senior
Of the twenty-nine four man teams which competed in the first seihi-final of the all campus bridge tournament, last Saturday, nineteen qualified for the second round of the semi-finals which will be played today at 1 p. m. in the Union. Qualified teams will find their scores posted in the game room of the Union. Cartons of cigarettes will be awarded to the high teams in each section as usual. Gold and silver trophies will be presented to the final champion and runner-up teams, j.g p.
Letlermen In 10 Sports
Chester Garner
... a native of Lebanon, who graduated from the University in 1920 in the School of Agriculture, has recently started publication of “The Gardner’s Blade,” a publication devoted to pest control and plant life in California.
President E. C. Elliott was toastmaster at the banquet and Professor Paul Fatout announced the prize winners. Mary Ellen Chase, contemporary author and teacher of English at Smith College, was the principal speaker, e.g.k.
W. H. Winterrowd piize for the best senior libraiy to R. E. Dunn ChE ’41, and for the second best to Dorothy C. Miller, HE ’41, and the unabridged Merriam-Webster dictionary for the best freshman vocabulary to engineer, M. L. Miller. The three abridged dictionaries in the same contest to G. F. Kock, Veinon Singleton and Prank Nolan.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic
DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK
4th 6r Main Sts.
Phone 5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST
1 19 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Electrical Supplies
Breisford's Electric Shop
Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. . Phone 5952
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing.
MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. Sth St. Rhona 2t2f
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY_
QUALITY MILK Phon* 46214
School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
%LAFAYETT
(fle/t&zL'umK' ATEST BOOKS BEST AUTHOR
10c M'l'NIfMU
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Hays Jewelry Co.
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building
SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Camera Club Picks Meiizies Of Australia
Prize Photographs In Spring Exhibition
Prize winners in this year’s Camera Club exhibit selected by a board of three judges were announced yesterday. The prize-winning photographs entered in the contest, which was open to all students and University staff members, will be on exhibit from noon tomorrow until Saturday, May 17, in the Music Room of the Union Building.
Calls For Full Time US Aid To Defeat Enemies
Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledges: Pledge ineeting Saturday, May 8, at 1 p. m. in room 106 of Chem building. If you cannot attend, see Dr. Hunt in physical chem lab. Monday afternoon. —ALEXANDER.
All Sophomore Chem and Meta: All sophomores -jrho have not been excused must take the comprehensive examinations to be given May 8 and 10, 1-4 p. m. and 7-10 p. m. respectively in room 129 of the EE building, —BRAY.
By Helen Kirkpatrick
SPECIAL CABLE
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Former University athletic greats joined with current Boilermaker stars at the annual banquet of the International “P” Men’s Club held hei e last night, when blankets were presented to 45 senior lettermen in ten different sports. This year’s president, Ted Axton, relinquished his chair to newly elected Bill Combs of Lowell, who presided over the informal gathering. Principal speakers were Director Mai Elward, Joe Boland, newest addition to the football coaching staff, and Mitchell Menacof of Cincinnati, donor of the Noble* E. Kizer Memorial Trophy, which will be awarded for the first time tomorrow night. President E. C. Elliott gave a short talk. The group of senior lettermen honoi ed at the banquet included the following two-sport men: Dave Rankin, football and track; Mike Byelene, football and baseball; Keith Correll, football and basketball; A1 Rossi, football and wrestling; Ted Tycocki; football and tiack; Forest Weber, basketball and track; and George Doherty, football and baseball.
Three Classes Judged Entries were judged in three classes, aditenced amateur, amateur and University staff. First prize in the advanced amateur portrait class went to “Pedro” by Robert W. Olesen; first prize in the advanced amateur pictorial class, “Buckingham Fountain,” by George R. Towle and “Ounce of Prevention” by L. W. Archibald won first prize in the advanced amateur miscellaneous class. In the amateur class, “Marilyn” by C. W. Hayward received first place in the portrait class and “At Moor,” by D. K. Hedden won the pictorial class. In the staff division, “Some Fun” by A. Long was named winner of the portrait class, “Rising Wolf Mountain” by J. Orndoff won first prize in the pictorial class, and first prize in the miscellaneous class went to “Billdal the Shoeheight” by A. Long, i.l.h.
London, May 2.—“No country now—Great Britain, Australia, or the United States—can ^afford to put forward anything less than a 100 per cent effort to equip itself as the enemy is equipped,” Robert Gordon Menzies, premier of Australia, told the press here today. “American help, if it is to shorten the war effectively, must be on a large scale and speedy. We must all give up any idea that we can approach this war in an amateurish fashion or that it is anything but a whole-time job.”
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures as well as all other students with the rating of Freshman Engineer should attend the Engineering Lecture on Saturday, May 8, which will be conducted by the school in which they will register next fall. CheJhlpttl and Metallurgical—room 101, Michael Golden Shops. Civil—room 201, Civil Building. Bllsctrical
-room 264, Electrical Building. Mechani-
Builditig. Public
cal—room 129, Electrical
Service and Engineering l^w—conference room, Ground Floor, Executive Building.
—KNAPP.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 8, 9,'*:U0, 1941, are requested to make application before the end of the present year on the blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
Gold Peppers: Anyone who wishes to act as a guide for Gala Week please stop in Great Hall of Union any time today for instructions. t-CARROLL.
Notices
New PIA Board: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. Monday, May 6, in PIA offices. Lots to be done—be there promptly. —ELDER.
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
Scriveners:^Meeting Sunday, May 4. at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of Union. Guests coming. Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8, at 7 :30 p. m. Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Frank Gone for 10c. —ANDERSON
Eta Kappa Nu Actives and Pledges: Informal initiation will be held Tuesday, May 6 in reading room of EE Building. Actives be there by 7 :16 p. m., pledges by 7:30. —HULTGRBN.
Exponent Staff: Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday, May 4, for the annual Exponent banquet in the Union at 6 p. m. (27-4) —DONAHUE.
University Choir; Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, May 4, 9:30 a. m. on Hall of Music stage. " —AMT.
Classified Ads
Model Railroad Club: Meeting Saturday, May 8, at 2 p m. at layout for election of officers. —DARR.
Reamer Club Seniors: Join Mascot on oval at 2 p. m. Saturday, May 8, for class parade. Arrangements will be made to take picture of graduating seniors with mascot in near future —ARCHIBALD.
Reamers: Show tickets will be ready for distribution at meeting Monday, May 4, at 7‘SO. Please be present. —BOHLIN.
Typawriten m4 adding maaMna^ naw and aaad, far aala, rant and regairad. AO makaa af portabla typewriters, (M.Tf ta $69.60. Office aupplia. Mimaecrapk and moltirraph work. C. 7. Eiberthoff, t0< Mala SL Phaae. >779.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomores petitioning for junior jobs must be present at meeting Monday, May 6, at 4 :16 p. m. in room 306. BENNETT.
Far Rant: Rius-Rent-A-Car Servka. Cars for all oeeaaioiu. Min. $2.69 all night. Phona 2497.
Gimlet: All actives and pledges should report at the stadium at 1:46 Saturday afternoon, May 3. —TAYLOR.
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1941-42 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the piesent semester. Such a student should consult the dean or hesid of his
school at an early date.
This notice applies to: all present juniors except m engineering-law; all present sophomores except in forestery, mechanical engineering, and trade and industrial education ; all present freshmen except those expecting to take chemical, metallurgical, mpchanical or public service engineering, or engineering-law, and allTrregUlar students. Reprints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the school heads and the registrar. Also a limited number of reprints of "Under-
Lost: Pink gold Hammond wrist watch with brown silk band Will finder please communicate with Florence Croll at 8413. Reward
Lost: Pair of shell rimmed glasses. Rewaid Jack Hiursch Phone 5086
Radio Club: There will be an open meeting Tu'esday, May 6, in room 264 in the EE building. Mr. C. G. Hylkema will give a lecture demonstration on “The Measurement of Radio Circuit Elements At High/ Frequencies.” All members please be present as election of officers will be held. —REYNOLDS
graduate Plana of Study and Description If Courses’’ ard available at the registrar’s
office. The general catalogue is not dis- ’ ' stui'' • - ■ - - -
tributed to students. Copies are available for. inspection in the registrar’s office and
library.
—STONE.
Chance of Schools: Any student who has
Lost: Chi Omega pin between Union and sorority. Reward. Call Mary Katherine Gee. 8413.
POMM: All members firing salute meet ip front of Fowler Hall Saturday, May 3, at 1.30. Please be prompt. —McCAMMON.
definite plans to ch^ge in September from
irriciihi!
one school or curriculjim to another is ad-
pfle
vised to file his application before the end of the present yearj Blanks are at the regis-
trar’s office. f
—STONE.
There Is No Substitute for A Well-Laundered Shirt . .
• MEN APPRECIATE well laundered shirts that are immaculately clean and smoothly comfortable. All crisp, smart finish of a brand new shirt is retained thru Crown’s modern laundry process. ^ SHIRTS LAUNDERED BY CROWN ARE DATED!
Dated Shirts Are Your Guarantee For a Years Wear!
L STli M t
Lose Something?
Find It by Running a Classified Advertisement
in the
Purdue Exponent
Minimum Charf'e 256 Phone 5038 Phone 5038
•N\