K
Wmcome Mothers
(Eht Puriiue TSxaanent
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1937
University Welcomes Mothers For Week-End
Extending a welcome to the many University mothers who will visit the campus today and tomorrow, student organiza tions have prepared a full program of events to honor their guests. Today the mothers will attend a noon luncheon in the Union ballroom which will be followed by a reception. During the afternoon there will be an
Mixed Players Present May Pageant Today
Queen Aline Marshall and her court will reigjn over Festival Day at the gathering of Robin Hood’s merry men, Irish colleens, shepherdesses, Highlanders,' mummers, and heralds this afternoon on the oVal at 2:30 o’clock. The Robin Hood band will joust with oakpoles six feet long and three inches in diameter. To disarm and knock down the opponent is the aim of jousting. Another specially prepared combat will be fought to the finish by fighters on wooden hobby horses. Scotch Dance Mock bagpipes will accompany the Scottish dance to be executed by a mixed company of Highlanders. “Mary Tangerman’s May Day Mummer Play, And I Hope She Chokes” is the title of a satire written by A. A. Radkey to be presented by strolling players. Character dances will be interpreted by the gay butcher, the baker, and the candlestick maker. Music for the gala affair will be furnished by 26 voices of the University Choir- combined with the 30-piece University orchestra. Tickets for the pageant, at 25 cents each, may be obtained at any fraternity or sorority house, and at the Union desk.
May 8, 1937
RECENTLY the retiring president of the Associated Women Students at Oregon State listed four masculine vices: (1) honking horns in front of sorority houses; (2) wearing bedroom slippers to class; (3) failure to respect the opinion of qualified girls; and (4) wearing neckless sweaters without ties . . . —30^
AND then she went on to say that “men are handy to open doors, take women to recreational activities they like best, and pleasant because of their tolerance on questions of co-ed ismokiihg' and d^inldnlg.” I have always thought the male was handy ... as sort of a walking mint, but there is no use in pressing the point . . . —30— IT seems that the Utah State agricultural college has hit upon the crux of the problem; they’re one jump ahead of everybody; yes, they have an “entrance-exit” course in matrimony called, “Marriage and Divorce.” —30—
ONE morning last week 2,000 odd (and some not so odd) Harvard students awoke to find notices in their respective mail boxes stating that the hygiene department was sponsoring a lecture on “The Scientific Aspects of Birth Control,” and that students could cut all conflicting classes to attend this immensely informative lecture. —30—
GREAT crowds flocked to the place of the announced lecture. But after an hour wait, the group came to the conclusion that the Lampoon, campus humor magazine, was having its joke again. The reason: the Lampoon had been satirizing the marriage course at Vassar, and besides the Lampoon is always pulling the cleverest tricks anyway . . .
All-University sing. In the evening Playshop will present “Martine” and Mother’s Day guests will be honored at the evening mixer in the Union. Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher, Dean of Women, Dorothy Stratton, and Home Economics Dean, Mary Matthews, will be the principal speakers at the Mothers’ luncheon in the Me morial Union ballroom this noon. As an added feature, Mrs. 0. F. Hall, chairman of the Mothers’ Executive Committee, will speak as the mothers’ representative. R. Grimm, Student Union co-ed executive, will reply as representative of the co-ed group. A reception for parents of students and especially Purdue mothers will be held in the Union ball room from 4 till 5 o’clock this afternoon. Dean and Mrs. Fisher, Dean Stratton, Mrs. O. F. Hall, and Jim Shoemaker, president of the Student Union will receive. Fraternities and sororities will compete in an “All-University Sing” on the oval tonight at 6:30. In case of rain the sing will be held in the Union ballroom. Playshop will present its latest production, “Martine,” in Duncan Hall, Lafayette, at 8:30. At 9 p. m. Vernon Peak and his band will play for a special Mothers’ Day mixer. Highlight of tomorrow’s program is the fo-ed concert to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m. Jeanne Perkins, vice-president of the Student Union, is in charge of the arrangements for this week-end’s program.
Hold Style Show Today
All visiting mothers are invited to attend a style show in the Home Economics Building at 10 o’clock this morning. Thirty-five girlls will model the garments made in their clothing classes and discussions about the dresses, suits, and coats which are shown will be handled by the respective class instructors. Miss Philena Palmer, instructor in charge of freshman clothing, will describe and comment on the 10 freshmen models, which will consist of simple wash dresses made with commercial patterns. The eight sophomore girls will show silk find wool dresses which have originally designed collar and cuff sets. Miss Constance Hastie, assistant, will explain the sophomore garments. Miss Marian Willoughby will discuss the group of junior dresses and suits which illustrate original designing, draping, and use of commercial patterns. The 17 junior models are girls who are either taking teacher training or specializing in clothing and textiles. Interesting exhibits of applied design projects' will be on display in the halls of the .Home Economics Building.
Dean Entertains
WSGA Executives
Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, entertained the past and present members of the W. S. G. A. executive board at her home Thursday with a buffet supper. Following the supper the group proceeded to the Memorial Union Building to hear the yearly report given by the committee chairmen. The executive board guests consisted of W. S. G. A. officials and committee chairmen, senior Union executives, presidents of Mortar Board, W. A. A., and Y. W. C. A., co-ed editors pf Exponent and the Debris, and the various class representatives.
Mothers' Day Program
This Morning 10:00—Style Show, Home Economics Auditorium. This Noon 12:00—^Luncheon, Memorial Union Building Ballroom. This Afternoon 2:30—Festival .Day Pageant, on the Oval; in case of rain. Memorial Gymnasium. 4:00-6:00—Mother’s Day Reception, Memorial Union Building Ballroom. This Evening 6:30—Dinners at Fraternity and Sorority Houses. 6:30—University Sing, on the Oval; in case of rain. Memorial Union Building Ballroom. 8:30—Playshop, “Martine,” Jefferson High School Auditorium. 9:00—Mother’s Day Miver, Memorial Union Building Ballroom. Tomorrow Moaning 8:30—Breakfast, Faculty Lounge, Memorial Union Building. 9:30—^Y. W. C. A. Service for Mothers, !^iza Fowler Hall. 11:00—-Religious Services, Lafayette andfWest Lafayette Churches. Tomorrow Afte^oon 3:00—Co-ed Concert, Eliza Fowler Hall.'f 4:30—Piano Recital, Memorial Union Buitding Music Room<i^; ^'
Senate Approves Prom Committee’s Report
By C. L. Sadler
Honor Turner At Staff P^y
Fifty-one years of loyal service to the University and the department of practical mechanics is the record for which Professor William P. Turner was honored at a party attended by 226 members of the engineering staffs and their wives in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building Thursday evening. Presentation of a booklet containing the signatures of 150 staff members was made by Dean A. A. Potter. In responding. Professor Turner told of the changes which have taken place since he came to the University.
Announceiiient Orders Must Be Placed Today
Further orders for senior announcements and commencement in vitations will not be accepted after 7 p. m. today according to a statement made Last night by naembe^s of the committee in charge. Orders may be placed at Southworth’s, Deac’s, and at a special desk which has been set up in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building.
Profe^or W'illiam ‘ P. Turner, guest of honor at a party given by the engineering staff in recognition of his service to the University.
Senate Fills Offices Tuesday
Craig And Rohyans Are Up For Presidency By R. P. Manion
Student Senate officers for 1937-38 will be elected by the organization at a session in the Memorial Union Building Tuesday night. Nominations for the offices, made last Tuesday night, include: for president, R. J. Craig and D. J. Rohyans; for vice president, H. E. Montfort; for treasurer, D. J. Bowman; and for secretary, Elizabeth Ann Stewart. Nominations for the latter three positions may be reopened, however, after the election of the president. Today th Exponent is presenting a brief record of the work done by the two candidates for the presidency during their three years at the University. Each student is requested by the Senate committee in charge of publicity on the candidates to consider their individual qualifications, and then to let the representative from his class and school know how he wishes him to vote Tuesday night.
Dick Craig R. J. Craig, junior mechanical engineering student, hangs his hat at Sigma Chi fraternity. He is taking the advanced R. 0. T. C. military course and is a member of the Cadet Officers’ luncheon committee. During his freshman year, Dipk earned his numerals in football. He was pledged and initiated into the Skull and Crescent and served as president of the organization in his sophomore year. He was elected as representative of the mechanical engineering class of 1938 niid-semes-ter of his first year and has served in the Senate continuously since then. As a sophomore, Dick worked on the Debris editorial staff, served on the Senate elections committee, and played a leading role in the Union minstrel show. Elections Chairman Most of Craig’s work in the Senate has been in connection with student elections. In addition to working on the elections committee last year, he was appointed chairman of the committee last fall and has presided over all of this year’s elections. He investigated possibilities of open campaigning on the campus and was instrumental in putting the present open campaigning imles through the Senate. Dick is earning a considerable portion of his expenses at the University and has maintained about a B average in his studies.
Dan Royhans D. J. R'oyhans, of Delta Tau Delta fraternity, is a junior in the school of science and is majoring in pre-medics. He has been a member of the Senate since elections during registration last fall. Dan won numerals in freshman football and again in freshman basketball. He was initiated into Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary for men, during “the latter semester of his first year here. Dan’s scholastic record shows only three grades below B, with no failing grades, since entering the University. He is a member of the University committee for the promotion of honesty. Revises Constitution With the aid of Prof. Robert Phillips, Senate faculty advisor, Dan revised and rewrote the new Purdue Student Senate Constitution, which was recently approved by the University executive committee. Sections of the new constitution proposed by Rohyans include the present eligibility requirements for Senators and for offices whose elections are supervised by the Senate; the dissolution of the defunct Activities Council and Student Federation Executive Board; and the present compulsory attendance ruling for Senators.
Approval of a detailed accounting of expenses incurred in connection with the 1937 Junior Prom was given last night by a specially appointed Senate investigation committee. The summary of expenditures was submitted by the members of the Junior Prom committee and checked and confirmed by
W. A. Sodden, University auditor. A summary of the report revealed
a total income from the dance as amounting to $2,656, received from the sale of 664 tickets at $4 each. Expenses and refunds on returned tickets totaled $2,374.25, leaving a balance of $281.76. This imspent surplus must either be used to pay a Federal Tax of $265.60 or may be turned over to the Student Loan Fund for disposal. Since the latter alternative is naturally more beneficial to the student body, it will be
followed.
The bill for $1,000 paid to_Don Bestor and his orchestra headed the extended list of expenses. $253
spent for programs for the P^^sant, played by Jean Hanley, afld
occasion, while rental of the Union Building, policing and public address systems cost an additional $307. A bill for decorations by the Student Union, as yet unpaid, is expected to be in the neighborhood
of $150.
A complete summary of expenditures is carried on page 3.
|x Sfc ^ 2{> MORTAR
* *
BOARD
DOROTHY JANE BRYANT JEANNE JANOUSEK MARY JEAN LIGHT LORNA McLEOD DOROTHY MARTENET ELIZABETH PYKE MARGARET RICHEY VIRGINIA SLOCUM JEAN SMALL BETTY ANN STEWART
Osbun Leaps, Lives, In Crash
Clifford L. Osbun, a graduate of the school of agriculture in ’23, was one of the fortunate survivors who leaped to safety when the Hindenburg crashed to the ground in flames at Lakehurst Thursday. Osbun is export manager for the Oliver Farm Implement Company, and was returning from a business trip to Europe. No details are known of his escape except that he is listed among the survivors. While a student here, Osbim was business manager of the Exponent and was a member of Hoof and Horn and Sigma Delta Chi. He is also a member of Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity.
Dr. Gilbreth Will
To Mothers
Speak
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will speak tomorrow morning in Eliza Fowler Hall on “The Home And College” as a part of a religious service for Mothers’ Day sponsored by the Y. W. C.^A. The University Concert Choir will sing three numberg on the program, and George Osborn, University organist, will render a prelude. The Y. W. C. A>h9s also planned an all-co-ed concei't for 3 p. m. in Fowler Hall as their second program for Mothers’ Day festivities.
Foundation Sponsors Mothers’ .Day Breakfast
en Murphy has been planned. Members of the Foundation who
than this morning.
Will Present ‘Martine’ Again Tonight 8:30
In the first of two productions, a cast of five Playshop players last night presented “Martine,” a love story by Jean-Jacques Bernard, before an enthusiastic crowd in the Jefferson High School Auditorium. The five-scene play had its setting in and around Grandchin, France,
a submb of Paris.
Interweaving the love of the simple, sweet Martine, a French
of Julien, an ex-soldier, played by Douglas Harvey, the play takes on the quadrangular complex with the appearance of Gaby Roe, as Jeanne, and Jerry Ciral, as Alfred. Mislead and miscontrued, Martine is heart broken by the marriage of Julien and Jeanne. Madame Mervan, Julien’s grandmother, played by Peg Dimmick, is the ever kind counselor who consoles Martine and makes her see that it would be best if she married Alfred and continued living the simple life of the French peasant. The play ends with Julien and Martine both realizing that
they really love each other.
Naturalists Convene Here
Two field trips, starting at 5:30 a. m. today, will open the second day session of the 39th annual meeting of the Indiana Audubon Society organized for the purpose of bird study and conservation. Round table discussions will follow a breakfast at Lincoln Lodge at 8 o’clock, and several papers prepared by bird enthusiasts in the society will be read during the business meeting, The organization will meet for luncheon at 12:30 in the Union cafeteria, and the meeting will close at 2 o’clock' when a series of papers will be read in Stanley Coulter Hall.
Honor Mothers At Union Mixer
Students accompanied by their mothers will be admitted free of charge to a Mothers’ Day mixer tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom as a special feature of the dance. Vernon Peak and his “swing band of the south” will play for the affair from 9 o’clock till midnight. Peak’s band features Mary Spaini as solo vocalist. The Student Union committee in charge of the dance invite all Purdue mothers to attend the dance.
Benzer Wins Sweep Stakes In Egg Show
Wesley Enundation will give a Mothers’ Day breakfast tomorrow went to M. V. Flock, a senior in the
H. G. Benzler, Scottsburg, won the grand sweepstakes in the egg show held Wednesday in the Poultry Building with an average of 98.6 for his entries, while his son, Julius Benzler, won the sweepstakes in the University student elass. The award for the largest display
morning at 8:16 o’clock in the Foun- agricultural school, who entered dation House. A musical program more eggs than any otitier contest!* consisting of a piano solo by Joyce ant. Klondike High School took
Winklepeck and a vocal solo by Hel- top honors in the high school dis
play with an entry of 10 doaen eggs.
Nearly 2,000 ciUcks were entered
expect to bring their mothers should by 76 hatcheries in the chick show have their reservations in not later with the Newcastle and Waftweh
hatcheries scoring hijfhest.
NUMBER 149
'AIf!-''
'-f ->^’-' V- ' '■?’ ■'%/) '■ f' , 'prnJSLmmmLmgammmmmi^^
1, ■" -. n '
''" , /'^( V'''''iyv tHE Pt)dftBtJE WX!POikBVtt
^WJ^WTF^^iWTWW
^ ' Wwday, May 8> 198?^
iff $
^nrliue exponent
»Min4t« In IMI
>1
SateMd u •eeoiid clw» mutter »t the post office, lAfepi^, Indiane. DeHvered ^ ■««« ttJBO per yw; d^irwgd^t.egriCTt|2^60jgaM[earjj»old.^EJSJ^SiiS,£2Blj!j£^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BnslneM Phone 6088
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
railTOBIAl. BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hntoe, etietmian; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDirORIAL STAFF
A^^ISi^Edi^l—K. ArB»riietfe;rB. Bi^ A- H. Fwter, fc R
Sophomore Assistants „„W. M. Anthony, D. A. BaU^, J. ^ Chapin, J.RCIwk
L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, b. B. V^ce
J. C. Oharer
..E. H. Morris
Bold and Black Editor —
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager ——.— -— National Advattsin* Manasrer
Local AdTertising Manager. Advertising Assistants Circnlstion Manager Circnlation Assistants—
JL J. Hulse ....X. H. Brown .J}, C. Miller
■."IT'W^^T. GUlilan, R. R. Hensler, BL C. *eev«
..JT, p. Girard
'"’r.’7.’“Frc’. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF l. d. Wood '" W. H.' meld. S. R G^'itto. R. F. Obenchain
WOBfEN’S STAFF
Editor. Associate Editors— Advertising Manager. .
...Helen Creech
„Jean'ne'j^oasek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeto Pyte
..-.Joetty Barnett
Issue Editor—L. C. Farquhar
Dishonesty
Standards of honesty among Purdue students are lamentably low. In spite of the good work of the student honesty committee and the Student Senate, cheating and cribbing in tests and copying the work of others is still very much with us. So prevalent in such dishonesty that the average student feels no compunction about cheating, and the student who is too “honest” to cheat for himself, frequently assists his classmates in an unethical way. At present, test grades are as much a measure of a student's ability to cheat as they are of his ability to do the required work. Such practices not only invalidate University grading systems, but, worse yet, they break down the entire backbone of honesty and ethics of the student in particular and the student body in general, producing a class of graduates who, having yielded so frequently to temptation during student days, will also do so in later life when the opportunity presents itself. The present means of dealing with this situation is ineffective. Severe penalties for one scapegoat in a group of fellow cheaters does not have so much effect upon the others as is believed. All cheaters should be penalized. Since the practice is so prevalent at present, relatively light penalties should be provided at first, and these penalties should be inflicted in each and every case of student dishonesty. The average small fry, small scale cheater would soon come to realize that his cheating did not pay, for if the cribbing gave him an advantage of ten points on a test, the penalties would take away twenty-five points every time. He would then discontinue the practice, and the penalties could be made more severe for those who did not see the handwriting on the wall. Zero grades on tests could be the next step, and would eliminate still more cheating and dishonesty. Failure in the course or expulsion from the University could be imposed upon those who did not stop. By this means absolutely all cheating in the University could be eliminated, for those who did not desist would be either flunked out of f^e University or expelled. Some may be shocked by this statement of affairs as they exist in the University and may cry out, “Cheating ? Horrible! Each case should be treated very, very severely.” However, since the condition is so prevalent and since some students who really do not like to cheat feel that they must do so in order to keep up with the others (terrible thought), leniency is advisable at first. Light penalties, applied in absolutely every case of dishonesty, would eliminate 99 per cent of all dishonest, practices in the University, and the severer penalties would eliminate the other one per
cent.—J. E. B.
Univerjsity Band Parades In Square Purdue’s band, in full uniform and with lights twinkling merrily, marched across the levee last night, circled the square between packed sidewalks,/and came to a standstill on the south side of Court House, where they played to a throng that had gathered there for the Victory Celebration of the Lafayette Community Fund. The colored lights, fixed on hats, toes, and the instruments, flashed in rhythm with the music as the Band made its first public appear ance in Lafayette with the new lights, playing a melody in sight as well as sound. The new truck, carrying the keyboard that controls the lights, crept along under the big drum with its new drum head pounded by a pair of stalwart Boilermakers. “Here they come,” hailed the approach of the Band and the over flow crowd drew back to let them pass. After playing a rousing piece, the Band marched down Main street and back across the levee, followed by the crowd of students jihd townspeople who “love a parade.”
BASEBALL
MONDAY Diamond 1— ^Ward 17-a vs. Ward 11-x. 2— Ward 11-a vs. Ward 8. 3— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 4— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 5— Sigma Nu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 6— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7— ^Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi. 9— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 10—P)ii Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
SUNDAY — MONDAY The champagne cocktaU of romance!
Bomance, roaring comedy, gorgeous dancing and five swell song hits all set to the 1937 sweet-swing rhythm. ’0^ ficmr'wlTi JACK OAKIE VELOZ and JOLANOA
—LAST DAY— William Boyd in “Hills of Old Wyoming” —and— Arthur Treacher “Step Lively, Jeeves”
Sucha day . . . sucha life . . . it’s the mating season which makes the writing of B & B an easy task . . if it warn’t for elections we would all jest go home and go to bed . . . We’re cheek to'cheek—I clasp you tight To dream and linger in the night, I feel I ne’er can let you go But fate has ruled—I must do so. Why do I love you most at dawn. When skies are pale, and stars are gone ? If in my life I should gain wealth. No eight o’clock shall mar my health. I’ll stay with you till past mid-day. And throw that Damned Big Ben Away—My Pillow. —FROSTY. Now comes the real doit on the Sig trip to Missouri—yea, man! WRIGHT, BAKER, and a few more sigs took over ole Saint Louie in ye old Boilermaker style . . . after much brewing around, it seems that they visited a hot spot . . . the accomplishments of the babies encountered is a merry tale ... let WRIGHT tell you what happened to his stack of 15 pennies . . . Notice to poultry supply salesmen: anyone having a good formula for chicken mash to further egg production, call the Theta Tau house and ask for NIEDHARDT , . . paid ad . . . Bruises ... and VI DAMMEYER decides that the women are the weaker sex after all . . . It seems that D. U. “Woo’wa’tichey” traded one swat for 15 with a two by four or some such cudgel . VI is taking her meals off the mantle . . . and not for horseback riding either . . . Thetas thought they were seeing double when the 25 Sigs showed up for their trade dinner . . . only 25 Sigs volunteered to answer the Theta call . . . but when they found that there would be no dinner served at 202 L,, the lads—55 of ’em, decided that they could slum if a dinner was at stake . . . they even ate off the mantles . . .
Kappa Delta PI Initiates Fifteen Kappa Delta Pi, education honor ary society, held its annual initiation ceremony in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building recently. After the initiation a dinner was held in the peasant room. Following the dinner short talks were given by Nellie Greenburg, Irene Feldt, and Robert McWilliams on the meaning of Kappa Delta Pi. New members were welcomed by the president, William Chancellor, and Robert Byrd responded. Dr. Laurence Hadley of the mathematics department, was initiated as an honorary member, and the following as active members: L. F. Douglas, Grace Kirtland, Clarence Luke, Phyllis Holt, Harriet Morris, Jeanne Stiles, Kathleen Jewett, P. B. Stucker, Elizabeth A. Stew^t, A. Virginia Slocum. Robert Byrd,
Today’s the darby and many young eds and co-eds are going on a darb . . . here’s hoping that CYO THEISS gets home in good shape . . . and if you freshmen aren’t all going to the derby, maybe you can get around to mowing the grass . . —THE TIPS.
TIm tMnMna f«IIow call* A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cata for f^ucclal Oecaaiona 26e per paBaenper any part of the city 6828 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lielity
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
^SUDDEN ^RVICE
■ Sal
INTIN G
Office Slaffencfy .. Ifeddlng InvHaiioiii
PHONE ~ Sale* Books,Etc..., 6 S 8 CASSEL*S 408lFEIlRi
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
FIRST TIME AT POPULAR PRICES!
The Sweethearts of ^^Smilin’ Thru^^ come smilin’ thru in the world's most glorious love story!
f
V
Now you can see the mightiest entertainment triumph of our time/ Houho SHEARER HOWARD
u
in William Shakespeare's
ROMEO and JULIET'
M ★ G ★ M’s Masterpiece With Cast of Thousands !
JOHN BARRYMORE « Edna May Oliver Basil Rathbone • Reginald Denny • Andy Devine Conway Tearle • Ralph Forbes • C. Aubrey Smith
4 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW MAMS
—LAST DAY— Virginia Bruce Kent Taylor in “When Love Is Young”
‘Great scott, man! Don’t you know that the penalty for bigamy is two mothers-in-law?”
Frances Doyle, Damon Catron, and Catherine A. Cromer.
Closing Out Yz Price De Voe Art Colors J. SPERB HDW. 82244 MNn
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
SUNDAY—MONDAY
Bing Crosby in “Pennies from Heaven” —and— Patsy Kelly in “Kelly the Second” Also Mickey Mouse Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY ‘Cowboy and the Kid” “Alibi for Murder” “Undersea Kingdom”
ipmiii will
4 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW LUMA
—Last Day— Ida Lupino Ralph Bellamy in “Let’s Get Married” —also— Olivia DeHavilland in “Call It A Day”iissii;
< ■I'''’' ". -"r'/^-i'-
\ rt ' T
Summer Se^ion Supplement
Puriluc 'Sxaanent
Read DaUy By ^,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MAY 8,1937
NUMBER 149
Summer Session Begins June 17;
Record Enrollment Is Expected
National Leaders Will
Lecture At Institute
iTeacliers, Advanced Students^, Other Citizens To Study Technology And World Geography Nationally prominent men and women will attack the problems of technology and geography as they influence the growth of the United States and its relation to the world and its people at the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology to be conducted within the 1937 Summer Session.
Rural Session
To Coincide
With Institute
Compact 10-Day Course Starts June 21; To Cover Timely Topics I Timely information and instruction of interest to persons who hold positions of responsibility in rural communities will be presented during the ninth annual Rural Leadership School to be conducted at the University from June 21 to Jihy 2. The compact ten-day course will coincide wjth the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology for which many well known speakers have been assembled. All classes will be conducted in Eliza Fowler Hall. Small Groups Stress will be placed on small group /discussions during the 1937 session of the school. Registration headquarters will be in the Memorial Union Building. An informal reception will be conducted Monday evening, June 21, in the Union Building in order that all connected with the session may become acquainted. No Fees There will be no registration fees for enrollment in the Rural Leadership School, but fees will be charged for the institute sessions. Rural ministers and their wives are exempt, however.
Living Costs Up Slightly Convenient Quarters To
Be Available
Room and board expenses for the students attending the Summer Session this year will be slightly higher than in previous years, rents in private homes ranging from $2.50 to $3.75 per week for single rooms, and meals in private homes and boarding houses costing from $4.50 to $5.50 per week. A large number of desirable rooms convenient to the campus will be available so that suitable accomodations may be secured. The cafejterias and restaurants near the campus will be open, and these facilities combined with those offered in private homes offer a wide choice. Purdue’s modern Residence Hall for Women affords accommodations for women students of the Summer Session. All rooming places for women enrolled in school during the summer must be approved by Dean Dorothy C. Stratton. Further information may be obtained from the office of the dean of men.
The office of the dean of men can usually give suggestions as to possible employers, to those who must earn part of their expenses during the Summer Session.
Designed for teachers, advanced students, and other interested citizens, the institute will consist of two
weeks of lectures and forums by these leaders, from June 21 to July 3, and then a week of classroom instruction under the supervision of Prof. Prank R. Hall, of the University history, government, and economics department. About 1,000 persons are expected to attend this one phase of the Summer Session. The discussions will bring out thought on such current social and economic problems as “The World’s Population Crisis;” “How Big Can America Grow?;” “America’s Food Supply;” “The World’s Food Supply;” “Effect Of Climate Upon People, Plants, and Business;” “Migration Of Industry;” “Human Rehabilitation and Land Rehabilitation;” “Technology Or Slavery?;” “The Livability Of The United States;” “Human Relations Applied To Everyday Living;” “How Can We Keep Out Of War ?;” and “What Is Civilization?”
Governor To Talk Among the speakers will be Governor M. Clifford Townsend, of Indiana; Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, of Columbia University; President Edward C. Elliott, of the University; David E. Ross, president of the Purdue Board of Trustees; Floyd I. McMurray, Indiana state superintendent of public instruction; Miss Amelia Earhart, noted axiatrix'; Dr. Owen D. Young, chairman of the board of directors. General Electric Company; Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, Purdue consultant for the engineering schools; and Col. Frederick L. Devereux, Erjpi Picture consultant. Other lecturers for the institute include Dr. Ralph E. Flanders, president of Jones and Lamson Machine Company; Dr. Ellsworth Huntington, of Yale University; Dr. O. E. Baker, of the United States Department of Agriculture; Dr. Dexter S. Kimball, Cornell University; Col. J. A. Gibson, United States Department of War; Dr. Clarence A. Mills, University of Cincinnati; and Dr. James A. Estey and Prof. Frank R. Hall, of Purdue.
Ag Teachers Will Meet Here June 21
Convening for their twenty-third annual conference, teachers of vocational agriculture will meet at the University from June 21 to 26 this summer. Speakers for the conference will include several of ihe lecturers who will paii;icipate in the program of the Institute of American Policy and Technology. Members of the University faculty, recognized authorities in their fields, will lead discussions on pertinent subjects and will give instruction to the assembled teachers. Farm management and special subjepts in the several departments of the University school of agriculture will be discussed by members of the staff for the purpose of bringing to the teachers up-to-date information in these special fields.
Calendar
1937 Summer Session
Thursday, June 17. 8 a. m. Registration.
Friday, June 18. Instructional work begins. . Monday, June 21. Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology begins. Monday-Saturday, June 21-26. Annual Conference for Teachers of Vocational Agriculture. Sunday, July 4. Independence Day. Monday, July 5. Independence Day holiday. Saturday, July 10. Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology ends. Saturday, July 17, 4:30 p. m. Graduate these due—candidates, August, 1937. Saturday, August 14, 4:30 p. m. Baccalaureate theses due—candidates, August, 1937. Saturday, August 14, 6 p. m. Summer Session ends.
Health Service Will
Offer Medical Care
Insurance of a summer period free of sickness and pain will be provided by the Student Health Service during the coming session under the direction of Dr. S. J. Miller. The expense of this care is covered by the regular session fee of $30. The same privileges of consultation and expert care which are offered during the schiool year will be available to summer students. Office hours of 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. Monday through Friday and 8 a. m. to 12 p. m. on Saturday will be maintained. Prescriptions will be filled free of charge by the school of pharmacy according to the practice of the regular session. Hospitalization bills to the amount of $10 will be covfered by the initial health fee. Expenses above this amount will be met by the student.
Hall Outlines Recreational
Program Plan
Students Will Conduct Daily Refreshment Period In Union
Recreational facilities along all lines will be offered at the 1937 Summer Session. Plans drawn up by the faculty members of the committee on convocations, entertainments, and social activities for the Summer Session indicate a variety of entertainment never before offered during* the summer at the University, stated Dr. O. F. Hall, chairman of the committee for 12
years. Faculty members who compose the committee include, besides Hall, A. li. Monroe, H. K. Carmichael, A. P. Stewart,, T. R. Johnston, C. S. Doan, Helen Hazelton, Marion Russell, Clare Coolidge, L. M. Vallely, and M. L. Clevett. An equal number of students will be chosen,to serve on the committee to complete final arrangements for each of the events on the program. Refreshment Hour - A new feature of the program this summer, will be the refreshment hour to be given in the Memorial ,Union Building every afternoon from 4:15 to 6 o’clock during the duration of the policy and technology institute. Different groups of students will produce these affairs and there vill be a different guest of honor for each.
Teachers are urged to make use of the services of the teacher placement committee, which, while it does not guarantee to place all who apply, is able to bring many teachers in touch with superintendents and trustees who are in need of teachers. Properly qualified Summer Session students are entitled to this assistance.
AlUThe- Year-Round Service
Among the significant aims of Purdue University is that of having maximum use hiade of all its educational and scientific facilities, throughout the whole year, by the most effective number of individuals. During each of the years of the past decade the widening scope and the increasing usefulness of the Summer Session have presented convicing evidence that the institution is realizing its aim of all-the-year-round service. Now it may be said that the University is in more or less complete operation every day in the yehr. Those attending the University during the summer represent a wide range of interests and intentions. One finds undergraduate students, who have attended the regular session, seeking to shorten the time for the completion of the requirements for degrees; students filling the gaps in their regular schedules; graduate students pursuing intensive study and research; and persons utilizing the , summer-timfe as an opportunity for further I* adult education. Generally speaking, the Summer Session has a special appeal for capable teachers desirous of adding to their professional equipment and ambitious for professional advancement. This year it seems to me that the Summer Session offers an unusually rich opportunity for all those engaged in the important enterprise of educating themselves in order the better to educate others. In addition, the Institute of American Policy and Technology introduces an activity of new interest and of
potential value.
The Summer Session has been organized, and is conducted, upon the basic idea that students, however busy and concentrated, are also human; and that the grist of the mill of life must contain, besides lectures and lessons, leisure for learning and living. It is safe to assume that important things will happen during the 1937 Summer Session. We want these to happen chiefly to those serious students who will remain serious—^but not too serious; students whose seriousness will be strongly streaked with the sense of permanent intel-
lectual and personal gains.
EDWARD 0. ELLIOTT, President.
Directs Session
Frank C. Hockema
It Is June 17
The 1937 Summer Session, planned on a broader basis than heretofore, will offer an unusually Vich opportunity to those educationally ambitious persons who wish to use the school vacation period to round out or to hasten their formal education. Great credit is due the faculty committee which helped plan and arrange a program of interest and value not only to the high school graduate about to enter college, and to the student already in college, but also to teachers and all those interested in the social and economic questions of the day. To see how well the Summer Session will meet your needs, I suggest that you read carefully the detailed list of courses, totaling more than three hundred, of which forty are inteusive, on pages 35-75. of the Summer Session catalog. Small classes make it possible for you to receive much personal attention. You will have the opportunity to meet and to hear lecturers of national repute and to enjoy old and new friends. The Summer Session offers you a fine opportunity to participate in a program of intellectual expansion, aesthetic enjoyment, and physical invigoration. I invite you to make the most of your summer by attending the Summer Session. Frank C. Hokema, Director
Swimimng Pool To Open On Regular Sehedule Summer Session students may lose their sorrow at leaving a sandy beach in order to attend summer school by making use of the University swimming pool, which is located in the Memorial Gymnasium. The daily schedule for the i>ool during the Siunmer Session wiH be, as follows: 11:00 a. m.—Men’s Swimming Class. 2:00 p. m.—^Women’s S wi mClass. 3:00 p. m.—^Pree Swim — Men Only. 4:00 p. m.—^Free Swim—^Women Only. 5:00 p.m.—^Men’s Swimming Class. 7 ;30 p. m.—^Mixed Swim—S)tm> dents and Faculty, Mon,, Wed,, Pri. Only, .
25th Year Of Educational Service Nears
With registration Thursday, June 17, marking the turn of a quarter century of educational service by Purdue University during the summer months, the 1937 Summer Session will begin with an expected attendance of 1250, far more than the record total of 933 set last year. Registration will be conducted in the registrar’s office in the new Executive Building starting at 8 o’clock in the morning. The session will continue for eight weeks, officially closing August 14. - Courses in most of the academic subjects offered during the regular winter sessions will be available to summer school students and the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology will provide spe- ' cial instruction to teachers, advanced students, and other interested citizens from June 21 to July 10. Special Features The large increase in prospective enrollment has been attributed to the unusual number of special features attendant upon the session this summer, including the policy and technology institute, intensive unit courses in varied subjects, and the annual conference for teachers of vocational agriculture. Requirements for admission will remain the same as those for the winter sessions, except in certain special cases where the regular college credit for satisfactorily completed work is not desired. Teachers in accredited high schools, graduate students, special students, undergraduate students, and recent graduates of high schools are eligible for entry as provided in the University catalog. Classes Doubled All regular class and laboratory periods will be doubled in number in each course in order to complete work required for the regular semester credit, the courses consisting of six 50 minute periods per week in most cases. In the case of classes requiring more class time, longer periods are provided proportionately.
Summer Session
Fees Set Low; Health Service Included
Pees for the 1937 Summer Session have been set as low as is possible considering the excellence of the facilities that will be offered here this summer. The regular session fee of $30.00 includes the health service fee and the Purdue Memorial Union fee of one dollar each. No regular laboratory fee will be charged, but deposits will be arequired, varying in amounts with the courses taken.
, Clinic^ Radiography The fee for the special intensive courses in gas and electric welding, patternmaking, foundry practice, and machine tool operation is $27.09 and the fee for the special course in elementary clinical radiography is $65.00. Any student tatdng a course fhc the third or subsequent time is required to pay a repetition fee of $6.00 per semesteor hour. A fee of $3.00 will be added to the regular registration fees for late registration. As provided by the rules and regulations governing students, a probation fee of $16.00 will he paid by students on scholastic iprobatiott*
1.
v“y
I
S' ■ 'i-'
',V‘.
'#
1^5?
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Summer Sports Program Organized
Offer “Games On Green” As Recreational Highlight For All Session Students Summer sports of all kinds will be provided for students who spend the summer in school at the University, according to Prof. M. L. Clevett, director of intramural athletic activities. Swimming, baseball, handball, horseshoes, golf, tennis, volleyball, badmintoji, and ping pong are included in the sports schedule for the Summer Session, '
Various activities are Being planned for a full program of swimming, the coolest and most generally popular of athletic diversion during the warm weather. Mixed swimming periods, for all men and women enrolled in the Summer Session, are arranged to be held in the Memorial Gymnasium swimming pool three evenings each week. In the competitive line, an allcampus natatorial meet will Be run off some time during the sumhier. A swimming team selected from students at the University will also compete with a squad of civil engineers from Ross Camp. Series With Ross Camp Summer Session baseball players forming a diamond team will engage a combination from Ross Camp in a series of games, and will also play teams from neighboring towns. Horseshoe, tennis, and badminton courts will be available during the entire period of summer school. Various tournaments in the former two sports are being planned to stimulate interest. Several golf courses charging only nominal green fees may be reached in a few minutes of walking any time during the summer. A campus tournament will also be held in this sport. “Games On The Green” Mixed athletic activities under the calling of “Games On The Green” will he sponsored by the Intramural Department from 4 to 6 o’clock in the afternoon on June 24, July 8 and 22, and August 5. Including dancing, pmg pong, volleyball, badminton, and other sports, these affairs have been popular with both men and women during the two years of their existence.
Chemistry Department Offers Courses For M. S. Courses in general, organic, physical, and anal3rtical chemisf;ry as well as in biochemistry and chemical research will be offered for this time in this year’s summer school session. The work will be designed mainly to meet requirements for the Master of Science degree with a major in chemistry.
Summer Session Highlights Of 1936 June 11—Over 900 students register for summer school, 16 per cent more than a year ago. June 12—Reception-Mixer. Students dance to Kenny Ebeshoff’s Gold and Black Aces after meeting officials and fellow students of the University. June 15—Science Leadership Institute opens. Classes dismissed for convocation at which President Elliott and Dr. W. B. Pitkin speak. June 15-25—Dr. John R. Oliver, Mr. David E. Ross, Mr. William B. Stout, Mr. Prank Watson, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, Dr. Hornell Hart, Rabbi Morris Teller, Dean Mary Matthews, Dr. T. B. Rice, Dr. E. H. Shideler, and President Elliott lead Science Leadership Institute. June 17—Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt speaks on better housing at AllUniversity convocation. President and Mrs. Elliott entertain Mrs. Roosevelt, Governor and Mrs. McNutt at a luncheon in Mrs. Roosevelt’s honor. June 21—^Two thousand attend first outdoor sing of sacred music under the direction of A. P. Stewart in Ross-Ade Stadium. June 23—^Two plays, “Backstage” and “Thank You, Doctor,” presented before enthusiastic crowd of 1,500 persons in Ross-Ade Stadium. June 26—^Paul Barker and his orchestra of Indianapolis play for 200 dancers in the ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union. June 28—Ross Camp noses out 9-6 victory over Summer Sfehool baseball team. Losers outhit Ross Camp team, 12 to 7. June 29—Dean Dukes opens Monday evening informal science chats. June 29—Faculty members return from forty-fourth annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. July 2—Over 360 students and faculty members attend Summer Session picnic at Ross Camp. Refreshments and display of fireworks featured in program. July 4—Independence Day vacation. Many students, who remained at Purdue during the Fourth, see Elgan Dowell win the Lafayette Soap-Box Derby. July 10—On hottest dance night of the year, 100 persons dance to phonograph recordings in faculty lounge and adjoining veranda of Union Building. July 16—Over 4,000 students and townspeople join in the second outdoor sing in Ross-Ade Stadium. July 22—^Purdue Summer School Playshop presents last series of plays before crowd of 4,000.
Fanily Siii Only $39-75
TIT IT II MVS FIEE When you do, you will discover as more than 300,000 women already have, that Coolerator ‘ not only gives better, safer, improved home refrigeration, but costs only about one-third tr one-half as much to buy and run 0«r/y Coolerator gives you: 1. AIR CONOITIONED REFRIGBIATIOII. P«teated air condiuonin^ duunbet wbidh cook, wasbcf. bumidific« and drcuktea tbe air. 2. CONSTANT COLO. Refrisendns tcmperaturea are beld more conatant ifaan ever before poaatble. t. FtlRE AIR. Food odora are cooatandv removed. Cheese and butter may be kept aide by aide in uncovered diMies everything; tastes better, id. HUMIDIFIED AIR. Foods suy fitcaher longer Air is properk humidified, prevenung loss from excessive 4tyias out* f. ICE CUBES Crystal-clear, Ustetree ice cube^ all you want in ) mm■ICS with the Coolerator Cuber. Labyette Ice & Coal Co.
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 6th SL
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West LAfajette Phone 4966
Exponent Will Continue Publication During The Summer For First Time
Manion And Miller To Head Editorial, Business Staffs Arrangements are being completed to continue the publication of the Exponent throughout the Summer Session for the first time in the history of the school. Present plans call for 11 issues of the paper during the summer to replace tbe Summer Session Notes which were issued weekly last year. R. Paul Manion, junior public service engineering student, will fill the editor’s position, while Dave Miller, electrical engineering junior, will take care of the business end of the paper. The remainder
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania La^nmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sta., W. L.
WELCOME ■ MOTHERS WE WISH YOU A HAPPY HOLIDAY AT PURDUE Mothers and daughters, while you are in town make Kienly’s a place to refresh yourself. Drop in any time.
Kiady’s Beau^ Studio 662 Mam Street Phone 7727
of the staff has not yet been selected. First Paper Jane 17 The first Summer Session Exponent will come out Thursday, June 17, the day for registration, and will contain commencement news and pre-summer school information. Two issues will be published during the first two weeks of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology when national leaders, including Owen D. Young, Walter B. Pitkin, Governor M. Clifford Townsend, Amelia Earhprt, Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, and others, are speaking on the campus.
One edition each week will be issued during the remainder of the school. Free Circulation Copies of the Exponent will be distributed in convenient buildings on the campus where each student may obtain a copy. Subscriptions will not be sold. Correspondents for the paper will report news from Camp Knox, at which place junior and senior R. O. T. C. students spend six weeks of the summer; from the camp for forestry students at Hemr'^Ue; aud from Ross Camp, civil engineering quarters.
MOTHER’S DAY Make It Even More Enjoyable for HER By Dining at Wheeler’s Lunch
420 Main
Phone 6810
Lafayette
¥
FOR MOTHER ON HER DAY / Afaj PFe Suggest
DINNER AT HUTTON’S
TRY US SUNDAY FOR THE MOST ENJOYABLE MEAL YOU EVER HAD AT A PRICE YOU WILL ENJOY PAYING
=5^
410 FERRY
HUnON'S CAFE
PHONE 8011
/I1 i
Sattttday, May 8,1987
Music Program Plans Call For Summer Sings
Musical activities for the 1937 Summer Session will follow much the same lines as in other years with indications pointing toward even greater success this year, stated A. P. Stewart, director of University musical activities, when interviewed yesterday. Continuation of the Summer Session Outdoor Song Pests will be a feature of the pro* gram this summer. ' The first of these events will take place in the Ross*Ade Stadixun on June 29 at 7:30 p. m., with an ex- ? ected attendance of over 4,000. he music for this event will be
drawn entirely from the works of Stephen C. Poster, beloved American composer. The Poster Hall negro quartet, well known in Indianapolis, will sing, being sent here through the courtesy of J. K. Lilly,
member of the Universii^y Board of Trustees. Words for all the songs will be thrown on a screen at the north goal post by means of a projection machine. A second Outdoor Song Pest will be presented on the evening of July 29. Musical Convocation A Summer Session musical convocation has been planned as a part of the musical activities of the 1937 session. Miss Margaret Dennis, soprano, head of the music department of Sharter College for Women in Rome, Georgia, will stop here on June 20 on her way to Columbia University, where she will study during the summer, and will sing at a program scheduled in Eliza Powler Hall. Last year. Miss Dennis was soloist in Harry Emerson
It’s Tops
Make this
Your
Summer Home
THK PUKDUB E3CPONENT BBaaseiDamsasasaaasae^
mw
Students May r4njoy Alt Kegular Union
Facilities During 1937 Summer Session
Posdick’s Riverside Baptist Church in New York City and also sang as a guest star on Major Bowes’s radio program. A mixed campus choir of 76 to 100 voices will be formed of Summer Session students, it was announced, the only requirements for admission being attendance at rehearsals. Registration for the choir will be held at an open meeting at the beginning of the session. Summer Session Sings The custom of “Summer Session Sings” began five years ago with two sings being held in the court of the Memorial Union Building, Approximately 300 people attended these progrrams and were provided with mimeogrUphed song sheets and free lemonade by the Union. Next year the crowd outgrew the Memorial Union Court and. the Union lemonade facilities, and the events were held in the space between the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building and the Library, with approximately 2,000 persons participating. Last Year’s Programs Last year, because of space requirements, the programs were held in the north end of the Ross-Ade Stadium with the song words projected on a screen by the goal posts. The first program, consisting of sacred music, was attended by 2,000 people. Various city and county choruses assisted in the presentation, and people came from the entire northern part of Indiana to participate. The second program, supported by the campus choir, was attended by more than 4,000 people, Aiany of whom came from great distances to take part.
Loung
es
Where Friends Meet
Guidance Will Be Subject Of New Course
Remmers, Committee Outline Program; Specialists To Speak
Aims, organization, and methods of guidance will be the subject matter and name of a new course that will be presented for the first time during the 1937 Summer Session. Worked out and outlined by a committee, of which Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference, is chairman, the course is designed primarily for principals, superintendents, and full time or part time counselors. The class will have a general meeting daily, Monday through Saturday, from 9 to 10:30 a. m., and daily at 11 o’clock. Mondays and Thursdays at 2 and 3 o’clock it will be addressed by specialists in various areas of guidance. Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 2 or 3 o’clock, the student will meet with a discussion group in his special field of interest. Case Study Records During the first part of the course the instructor and the class, with the aid of case study records, will develop the purposes, the general areas, and the general characteristics of a guidance program by following the lives of individual young people. During the remainder of the course there will be fiirther and a more detailed study of the major aspects of guidance as developed in the first period together with such added material as needs consideration. ^ Topics Topics to be covered in the general meetings of the class include the reason for guidance, bases of guidance, objectives, organization, techniques and methods, procedmre, selection of staff, and relationships of guidance programs to the home, school, and community.
Browsing Room
Pooks for Recreational Reading
Music Room
Automatic Phonograph and Recording?
Ballroom
Frequent Friday Dances
Good Food
(Moderately Priced) in the
Recreation Billiards and Bowling
Soda Fountain Dining Room Grill-Lounge Cafateria
Union Club
WRH Appllcatioiis Due June 5; Prices Set Low Applications for residence in the Residence Hall for Women during the Summer Session should be made to the director of the hall by June 6. Excellent accommodations for women students are offered at the hall, which is located but three short blocks from the campus. Rates have been set as low as possible. Charges for room only range from $11 for a double room for the three weeks of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology to $32 for a single room for the full eight and one-half week session, with intermediate charges fixed proportionately.
Intensive, Unit Courses Offered In Education
Intensive and unit courses in school administration, in vocational agriculture, and in home economics are to be offered by the education department of the University this summer in addition to the regular courses. A new plan of the department will epable a student to carry one unit of work in each of three courses for a period of three weeks, at the end of which time he will be entitled to three hours credit, one in each course. The student may continue study in three week periods during the remainder of this Summer Session, or he may take three weeks’ work in each course in the following Summer Sessions. The regular courses open for the summer include psychology, principles of education, methods of teaching in the various vocational and other high school subjects, supervised teaching in the high school subjects, guidance, measurement, administration and supervision, and sociology.
Laboratories, Shops To Open For Summer Work Excellent facilities for laboratory and shop work will be available to students attending the Summer Sessions this year. Most of the laboratories open during the regular sessions will be in use, and several laboratories will be reserved for graduate research with no regular classes scheduled in them. Purdue’s well equipped machine shop, pat^iern shop, foundry, and forge shop will be in use this summer with the regular instructors in charge. Almost every freshman and sophomore laboratory and shop course will be taught this summer, and many of the required junior and senior courses will be offered.
Forty Rooms with Private Shpwa(S ’ |, Telephone?—^Attractive Comfortahie FMrniture /
40 Places Open In Union Club
Student Activity Center Offers Varied Program Of Entertainment
By D. Paarlberg Business as usual during tito Summer Session. That’s the contribution the Purdue Union will make to recreation for summer school students. All Union activities will carry on aa usual, giving the student the best in recreation and entertainment, besides providing the informality that so characterizes summer school. On Friday night, June 18, the Annual Reception Mixer will be given free of charge to Summer Session students, and dancing provided by the recreation committee. 'Three or four additional mixers will add dancing to the list of attractions offered by summer school. Browsing Room The Browsing Room and music room will be open for those who wish to avail themselves of the best of books and good music. The bowling alleys, the billiard room, and the game room are to be available to take care of the wants of those interested in sports. The grill and the sweet shop will slake the thirst of perspiring summer school students, and the cafeteria wfll be open as usual. The Union Club is taking applications for the summer session. Twenty applications are open for students and an additional 20 are available for the faculty. All of the educational and recreational facilities offered by the Union during the regular school year are to be carried through the Summmr Session.
Auto Rules Unchanged For Summer Session; Driver’s License Asked
Summer session students operating motor vehicles are subject to the same rules as those attending during the college year. Those wishing to operate an automobile at the University, unless of age and independently supported, must have written-permission from parent or guardian. The student must have a description of his vehic]ie recorded in the office of the director of the physical plant, and must possess and present for inspection his Indiana driver’s license. Those presenting proper insurance policies will receive a green card and green identification tags. Thoste not presenting the policy will get red insigni^. No fees will be charged the student who complies with the above .regulations. However, late recording and late payment fees may be paid by those who do not. The University, through the office of the dean of men, reserves Hie right to cancel driving privileges. Students operating motor vehicles must comply with municipal fmd campus driving regulations.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner of the Campue~-Yef the Center of Activitiesj' r i
PMWSiX
the PURDTJE EXEOl^l^T
Frank C. Hockema^ Summer Session Director^ Is fF'ell Known For His Likable Personality
Mftif 8.1987
“Personality” might well be a one word description of Professor Frank C. Hockema, director of the Summer Session. Averaging almost 12 hours a day on his job as assistr ant to President Edward C. Elliott, Hockema is one of the busiest men on the faculty; yet his smile is so constant that he is known to many students as “Happy Frank.” In his work as assistant to the president, Hockema has many and varied duties, only one of which is his direction of the Summer Session. He carries much of the burden of routine business and handles many of the (details of other work, thus saving the president a considerable amount of time. He is often delegated to represent Dr. Elliott at campus and other affairs which the latter cannot find time to attend, and has gained quite a reputation as an able after-dinner talker on such occasions. Shadeland Boy Makes Good Hockema was born in Shadeland, Indiana, in 1892 and attended Indiana State Teachers’ College for one year after his graduation from the West Point High School. Beginning his many years of work in and for the University, he entered Purdue and received his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering in 1918. While an undergraduate, Hockema participated in class basketball and track. Immediately after his graduation, he enlisted in the United States Coast Guard with the rank of first lieutenant, and in 1919, after 11 months of - service, he joined the University faculty as an assistant in the engineering experiment station. He received his degree of master of science in mechanical engineering in 1923, and nine years later
100 RYTEX-HYLITED Visiting Cards, choice of many different styles of lettering, 75 cents. 100 RYTEX-HYLITED Visiting Cards, Paneled, 85 cents. See Samples at Haywood’s.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
was appointed to the rank of full fledged professor of industrial education. Personnel Director In 1933-34, in the absence of Dr. J. E. Walters, Professor Hockema took over the direction of the personnel office, and did an admirable job in one of the darkest years of the depression. At the conclusion of this work, he was named assistant to the president, the job, which he holds today. However, he still manages to squeeze a few hours of teaching into his busy schedule. Hockema married Martha Kuipers in 1920 and they now have three sons. He likes to play golf but because of the demands of his position has little time to spend on the links. However, he manages to shoot around 90 whenever Jie does play. Frank Hockema is a Purdue first-last-and-always man. His loyalty and efforts have been seen in many University functions, and he communicates his spirit to those who know him. The 1937 Summer Session will be another success for Purdue—and for “Happy Frank” Hockema.
Carmichael Plans Summer Session Dramatic Program Presentation of two full evenings of dramatic entertainment for the Summer Session students and visitors on July 1 and 16, has been planned by H.^Kenn Carmichael, director of dramatics for the Summer Session. Under his direction, summer school students will present two one-act plays on each of the two evenings on the outdoor stage which will be erected in the RossAde Stadium. This stage is especially built for presentations of this type, with special outdoor floodlights and a public address system. There will be a variety entertainment, also presented by the students, between the two main plays of each evening, the first of which will be approximately two weeks after the beginning of the Summer Session and the second about two weeks after that. Carmichael predicts highly successful presentations because of the fact that more money has been appropriated by the University
Roberts To Advise Candidates For Teaching Licenses Disappointments that may come from inadequate information on requirements for high school, vocational, or administrative licehses may avoided by those expecting certification of such permits by consultations with Professor G. L. Roberts, adviser in teaching licensing and placement. In this manner, the candidates may provide themselves with specific information concerning their requirements and insure that proper records have been made. Purdue University is authorized to prepare applicants for the following types of licenses: Vocational teacher’s license in agriculture, home economics, and trade and industrial education. High school teacher’s licenses, regular, first grade, in agriculture, art, English, French, German, home economics, industrial arts, mathematics, physical education, science, social studies, Spanish, and speech. High school teacher’s license, special, first grade, in agriculture, English, home economics, industrial arts, mathematics, science, and social studies. High school principal’s license, first grade. Superintendent’s license, first grade.
,v < Students May Use Library Facilities Purdue’s library facilities will be available to students qf the Summer Session. The general library with its 180,000 volumes, including approximately 14,000 volumes in the departmental libraries of chemistry, chemical engineering, pharmacy, physics, mathematics, biology, and education, will be open to all, and the library of the Agricultural Experiment Station will be open to members of the faculty and graduate students for reference work. The general library possesses excellent facilities for study in its various reading rooms and stack carrells. Students will find a large number of books assigned for required reading in the reserved book rodm. Complete equipment for reference service is available, including card catalogs, important periodical in-
dexes, and numerous bibliogr^pWes, as well as competent reference and loan-desk staffs to assist the students to make the best use of these facilities. Library hours during the Summer Session will be 7 a. m. to 8 p.' m. from Monday to Friday and 7 a. m. to 5 p. m. on Saturday. Departmental libraries will be open during the usual working day or at hours specified by the department.
RYTEX CAT-TAILS.... a new and unusual number in Printed Stationery is being offered by Hasrwood’s this Month only, 60 Sheets and 50 Envelopes, printed with your Monogram or Name and Address for only $1.00. RYTEX CAT-TAILS has a faint Pussy Willow design on the Paper and Envelopes with a darker printed lining on the Envelopes. You will want this Stationery for your own use as well as additional boxes for gifts.
Whitman’s Famous Candy A lovely gift.... for Your M.other we have many other beautiful gifts for mother H. G.-D" Reisner Student Book Supply Store HOME OF PURDUE UNIVERSITY
325 State St.
West Lafayette
50® per Month I
# These handsome sight-saving lamps are now a greater value than ever. They are improved in appearance... shorter standards and new type shades give a more graceful appearance. They are improved in design new features of construcdon in the diffusing bowl make for greater strength and more glare protection. And the terms are only 45 cents down ... 50 cents a month. Pick out the models you need at our salesroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
^ dU tbue lampt bear tbe ^^fprovat tag of the " iUamimttittg Engineering Secietl/. look fir it.
KO MAHER WHAT YOUR RIDIHG HABITS MAY BE
More Enjoyment Conies With I Proper Equipment / If motoring is one of your pleasures, you will derive greater enjoyment from your car if it is well equipped and in excellent mechanical condition. Let Doc Anderson install a radio in your car, put the motor in perfect running order — and then experience the real thrill that motoring can hold for you. AUTO BODY WORK FENDER WORK ACCESSORIES PARTS
PETER ANDERSON CO.
525 ALABAMA
We Never Close
PHONE 4048ib ' ^ .. -. ~:'' V : '' ' ',-'/t#'|
Track Squad Meets Big Ten Rivals Today
Fresh from the sweeping victory over DePauw Wednesday, Purdue’s traveling trackmen will leave this morning to trek to Bloomington where they will meet Northwestern and Indiana in their only triangular meet of the outdoor season. “Orv” Martin’s proteges are determined to give a good account of themselves and have high hopes of
Domer*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ending the competitiop out in front of their two Big Ten opponents. Most of these hopes are based on strength in the field events and are reinforced by the Boilermaker runners who have turned in some good times this year. The Boilermaker fieldnlen should tally because Indiana and Northwestern’s javelin throwers have usually failed to clear much more than 160 feet, while Purdue boasts three who average better than that most of the time. Co-captain Williamson, who has jumped 6 feet 2 inches, is rated first in the high jump, and Lemen is rated the best perforhler in the low hurdles, all of which gives Purdue a good margin on their adversaries.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and. Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Tears in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Values Like these are Extraordinary Occurrences
Shoes that are certain to be favorites with young men — their clean-cut lasts and simplicity of line feature smart good looks. These shoes are much finer than you expect to find at so moderate a price. White shoes that are cool and comfortable even in the hottest weather.
"1" Shirts
Polo Shirts
Regulation “T” Shirts—for the aft-er-school sports on the intramural field. In a “T” shirt your arms are so free—your game is improved.
These hot days are made more pleasant by these cool, comfortable Polo Shirts. The answer to golfers, and tennis players’ prayer.
48c
48c 98c
Reliable Clothing Co.
224 MAIN .ST., LAFAYETTE
m
* ....chpicej Bob Walpole^MMM#
The beginning of the eiid ... this is our last column, and we are sort of sorry to be ending the whole business . . . but to get along with the Ibusiness of the day ... —^fc— The day of the Big Derby at Churchill Downs in Louisville, and the weatherman predicts a dry, fast “track ... if so, we predict that Charley Kurtsinger will push War Admiral to win . . . Reaping Reward to place, and the long shot, Clodion to show . . . —^fc— l^utch Fehring put his lads to work yesterday afternoon for a long and strenuous drill in preparation for the double-header with the Maroons this afternoon . . . the first game begins at 1:30 . . . plenty of baseball for your mothers to see . . . bring them over . . . —fc— Chicago has been playing some long, high scoring games, and the last one with Northwestern ended with the Maroons on the short end of a 24 to 11 score . . . Purdue, on the other hand, has had some very low scoring games . . . the outcome of today’s duo . . . drop around and see . . . —fc— We want to thank everyone who has contributed to Fielder’s Choice over the last year, and we hope you have enjoyed reading it as much as we have enjoyed writing it . . . a new regime moves in shortly . . . we sincerely hope some one takes it over . . . and another thing . . , we don’t think the Betas are half as bad as we made them out to be . . . . Jack Ohaver isn’t quite as much of a rat as everyone thinks . . —^fc— When we made criticisms they were meant to be constructive . . . which by the way, reminds us that those chicken-wire nets on the new tennis courts are nothing short of punk . . . —^fc— So long now, hope to see Fielder’s Choice under different management in issues to come . .. see you at the ball game ... as a bystander. ..
ENGRAVED WEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTS! 25 Engraved 'Vy'edding Announcements, including Plate, Stamping, Inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing and Inserting $6.85. Additional copies only 7 cents each. See Samples at Haywood’s.
SHOW
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
Nights-Sunday 30c ^ Matinee Till 6 20c
Childrep 10c
Here^comes rhythm on rbller skates!
ASTA Gingei
Select Horner^ Frash For Football Managers
Robert Horner, sophomore electrical engineering student, and Donald Frush, a sophomore in the school of mechanical engineering, have been picked from a field of eight men to fill the positions of junior football managers. Horner is a member of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, and Frush is a member of Alpha Tau Omega.
Senate Approves Prom (Continued from page l) Receipts Receipts from ticket sales ..$2666.00 Expenses Refund on tickets $ 380.00 Band—Don Bestor 1000.00 Programs 253.00 Doormen, ticket supervision 75.00 Policing, address system, outside lighting 199.67 Union rental 107.60 Banquet 33.00 Pictures for tickets 32.92 Flowers 49.0p Debris (assessment) 20.00 Exponent, cuts and pictures 12.76 Tickets and permits 14.81 Canopy rental 15.00 Decorations (approx.) 160.00 Keys #. 20.00 Postage 1.50 Travel ^ 6.20 Tel. and telegraph 4.00 Total $2374.25 Bal, to Student Loan Fund $281.76
€i
fmesi
By OUYS SOHATZLXT
Christian Students — Sunday School will start at 9:30 with the student class meeting at 9:60. The morning service will begin at 10:45 with Rev. Mullen preaching the sermon on “Mothers’ Day.” Christian Endeavor will start at 6:30 at which time officers for the coming year will be elected. At 7:30 Rev. Mullen will continue the series of informal talks on the Bible. Dr. Frank Hall will teach the student class at 9:30 .
Baptist Students—All mothers of visiting students are invited to a service Sunday morning in honor of mothers. At 5:30 Roger Williams Club social hour. Supper at 6:00. Mrs. Ruth Prentice will be the special guest speaker at the evening service at 6:30. A play, ’’Shipping Mother East,” will,be presented by a group of young people and students at 7:30 as part of the dedication service of the new Cynthia Jones Hall. Mrs. William Kessle is directing the play.
Methodist Students—Students of the Wesley Foundation will entertain their mothers at breakfast tomorrow morning at 8:15. There will be a program of music, poetry, and talks. All who wish to come are urged to sign at the Foundation House by noon today. There is no charge for the breakfast. Tom Howe, of the physics department, will be the speaker for the men’s class at 9:30 at the West Side Methodist Church. The co-ed class will meet at the Wesley Foundation House at 9:30 for the worship service and a continuation of the discussion of the history of the early church. Mrs. McFadden will lead the discussion. “Christianity and My Profession” is the subject of the Epworth League at 6:30 at the West Side Methodist Church. Betty Arnold, Forest Warren, William Keenan, and Helen Murphy will be the speakers.
Episcopal Students—Mothers visiting their sons and daughters will be welcomed at the morning service at St. John’s, Sixth and Ferry streets, at 10:46. There will be a special sermon and appropriate music. The program for the young people’s fellowship will be a talk by George Gross entitled: “The Mythology of the StRrs.” Supper will be served at 6:00.
Presbyterian Students—The program for Presbyterian students is conducted at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. The discussion group under the leadership of Dr. Graves will continue its study of the Christian attitude to the law and to those who violate it. At the Sunday Evening Club at 6 o’clock a Mothers’ Day program will be presented. The morning service of worship will be held at 10:40. Dr. Graham will give the sermon.
Goif^eam In Dual
Meet At Indiana
The Boilermaker golf aqtmd will attempt to win another Big^ Ten victory this afternoon, when they meet Indiana University in a dual match at Bloomington. 'The local strokers will meet a Crimson team that has lead Ohio State and Iowa to defeat and has been downed but once, and that by Illinois. Both golf teams have shown good form this season and a good match should arise from this keen co^r petition. The Purdue holies to make a clean sweep of the^meet, although they are held to a slight disadvantage by the strong Crimson squad.-
FRESHMEN TENNIS
TODAY—4:15 Fuente or Close vs. Catterall or Breen. Frye vs. Munro or Cooper. Hebbler vs. Olsen or Wallace. Berg vs. M. G. Johnson. Spurgeon vs. Woodson or Buenting. Wilks vs. Mayfield or Alexander. Chapline vs. Garcina. Bown or Blitz vs. Billings or J. H. Johnson.
Purdue Meets
Ssi ’.'.At; '•-1
Chicago la 2 Games Today
Baseball will reach an'all season high this afternoon as far as the fans are concerned, when the Boilermakers' rejuvenated nine meets the Chicago University squad in the first double-header of the season. Bredewater, Heiss Arnold Bredewater and Stewart Heiss are expected to pitch in this afternoon’s games with the regular lineup filling their respective positions. The Boilermakers lost both games played to Chicago last season, but this year’s squad is considered much improved over last year’s and are given an even chance to come out victorious in both games. Chicago was recently defeated -by Northwestern, 24-11.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Irmi Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry Sooth Third Btreot
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St, Lafayette
Your personal appearance counts. Keep looking fit by having your clothes cleaned and pressed regularly by the American.
lean.
A telephone call will bring you service.
Phone 3085
American Laundry
lt*s WWs Under Your Mortar Board That Gets Your Diploma
. . . but it"s what's under your gown that get's you a job! Appearance goes a long way ' toward success In business or social life and Hart Schaffner & Marx clothes are the shortest cut to
appearance
Geisler*s Clothes Shop
. J# ’ I, .>'1(1'
, .-My: ’''.fAv.l,THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
IT'S RHYTHM ON ROLLER SKATES
Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the king and queen of song and swing, come to the New Main starting with a Midnite Prevue tonite, in their latest and gayest musical “SHALL WE DANCE.”
Correction A duo-piano recital planned for the music room in the Memorial Union Building is to be given,on Sunday afternoon at 4:30, and not Saturday, as erroneously stated in Thursday’s Exponent. Gordon and Winifred Graves are to appear in Sunday’s recital, rendering a program of modern and classical music.
Photographers To Hold Open Meeting Here 11th An open meeting of the Central Photographic Society will be held on May 11 in the Memorial Union Building. A banquet will be held before the meeting, and those wishing to attend should make their reservations before May 10 at the Union desk.
[OOL os a lucumber You can shave twice a day with a Packard Lektio-Shaver, and your face will still be cool and comfortable, without the bother of blades, brush, soap or after-' shave fuss. T The Packard Lektro-Shaver is priced at only $15, the cost of a year's old time shaving. It will pur on year after year, satisfying every shaving need. Call today for a demonstration.
VVil/i llic Umiiiilli HiilhjiA (lOONI) 'Hiuiit LEKTRO-SHAVER
DECKER’S
518-520 MAIN
PHONE 6477
Saturday, May 8, 1937
% On Her Day Flowers can be the only true expression of your sentirnent. • A beautiful bouquet , • A distinctinve corsage • A lasting blooming plant Wear a carnation in her honor. /tor// FLORAL, Inc. Member of Florists Telegraph Delivery Association 635 Main St. Luna Theatre Bldg. Dial 7955-8050 Greenhouses Across from Airport
Indianapolis Purdue Women Elect Officers Indianapolis Purdue Women’s Club elected Mrs. George Herman Boots, president; Mrs. M. Steele Churchman, vice-president; Miss Louise Burkle, secretary-treasurer; and Miss Myrtle Thompson, corresponding secretary. The association maintains a scholarship at the University and has begun a movement for a memorial to the late Carolyn Shoemaker, for many years dean of women at Purdue.
Three Ph. D. Candidates In Chemistry Get Jobs Fred H. Snyder, Ernst K. Nielson and Alex G. Oblad, candidates for the Ph. D. Degree in Chemistry here next month, have recently been notified of their selection for positions as chemists. Snyder will be an instructor at Loyola University in Chicago, III.; Neilson will be employed in the Michigan State Department of Health Laboratory at Lansing, and Oblad is to hold a position as research chemist for the Standard Oil Company of Indiana at Whiting.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoif, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Light tan Wearington suit. Worn once. Size 38, slender. $12. Phone 6732.
Lost —Psychology book with history report. Finder call 4097. Ask for Baumslag.
Lost—Tri Delt sorority pin. Will finder call 66345. Ask for Martha Hunter.
25 Engraved Wedding Announcements, Rytex Coral White, including Plate, Stamping, Inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing and Inserting, only $6.85. Additional copies 7 cents each. 25 Engraved at Home, Church, Reception or Breakfast Cards only $2.75. See Samples at Haywood’s.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
FOR SUITS THAT ARE BETTER VALUES!
Until you’ve worn a suit of our clothes you’ll never know what great clothes satisfaction you’ve been missing. Superior in styling, tailoring, and fabrics, they have what it takes to make you look and feel well dressed. Come in today and see our selection of smart tropical worsteds, JOHN FISHER, Tailor 416 Perry
Let Grown Cleaned Clothes Present You at Your Best
Appearance ^oes a long way these days in getting a man the right start. Don't let down on your personal appearance but use Crown Cleaning Service regularly. ^
R S
VISITING CARDS SPECIAL! 100 RYTEX-HYLITED Visiting Cards 76 cents. 100 Paneled 85 cents. Choice of White Vellum, White Plate, Thin White Plate, Ivory Plate or Gretna Green Plate. See samples at Haywood’s.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 P- m.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16. —PITTMAN.
Condition Exam in Chemistry—Examinations for- removal of conditions in either Chemistry 117 or 118 will be held in the Chemistry Building May 8 from 1 to 4 p. m. —NEWTON.
English 121 Students—Sections A and B meet in room 201 of the Education Building, 8 a. m. for Wednesday and Friday classes. —SCHICK.
Union Worker®—Our committees will meet
INTRODUCTORY OFFER ONE 8x10 PORTRAIT 25c Identification Pictures 25c doz. and up C. JACOBSON 709 MAIN ST.
IGH IN EALTH CONTENT
SUNSHINE FARMS
Phone 5015
in the Union workshop at 7 a. m. May 8. —PUTZE, WIEGANDT.
Newman Club—Students desiring to attend picnic at Turkey Run on May 16 must pay Joe Rapalski by May 9. —CARTON.
Glider Club—Airport dance tickets or the money are due May 12. —WILTSHIRE.
W. S. G. A. Election and Poster Committee—Meeting in W. S. G. A. office May 10 at 4 p. m. —JANOUSEK.
Reamer Club—Meeting May 10 at 8 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. All members are repuired to be present. —BUXTON.
Mechanicals—All mechanicals wishing to submit papers for A. S. M. E. student paper meeting. May 12, please call R. K. Weldy at 45891. —WELDY.
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting will be held in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m. May 11. —WINTER.
For Summer Session....
Comfort and Appearance in Light Clothes Properly Cleaned and Pressed]
West Side Cleaners “Indiana’s Most Modern Plant” Vine, North and Northwestern
A Good File, Priced
Within the reach of Every One—
$
17
00
Delivered to Your Address
Classify Your Letters, Data, Catalogs. Keep your information orderly and quick finding. There is nothing "cheap" about these files. They are the biggest filing cabinet value in the low-priced field. All-we|ded construction. Durable and attractive enamel finish. Well-proportioned, well finished hardware. Look well in any business surroundings. See Them At Our Store
HAYWOOD’S
Office Equipment Lafayette, Ind,