w
Wisconsin's Badgers Don't Have A Chance Against Our Riveters.
^ponerA m JOae/y Smc^s
Hello Alumni! IHin't Forget To Register At The Union Niche.
Volume 52, No. 41
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, October 26, 1940
Boilermakers Battle Wisconsin Today
Elward^ Stuhidfeher Rely
S/mtfjuei OpmA ‘fyO diomecommif 'Singing Waiters’Startle Elliott, Elward
Forecast Win
Banqueters By Disguise Elliott, Blocker, Elward, Swezey Praise Riveter Spirit; Roberts Performs As MC With a full schedule of events extending through three days the University yesterday welcomed back its alumni to the 1940 Homecoming'. As in several previous years, Harry E. Rank was
#
TODAY'S HOMECOMING SCHEDULE SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 19.0 9:00 a.m.—^Alumni Regisfrotion and Get-together—Purdue Memorial Union Building. Campus Visitation—Inspection of New Buildings. 10:00 a.m.—Frosh Football Game—"Purdue's Future Greats"—Practice Field. Women's Hockey Game, Alumnae vs. Seniors-Faculty—Athletic Field / Cross Country Meet—^Wisconsin vs. Purdue—Practice Field 11:45 a.m.—1911 Class Luncheon—Faculty Lounge, Purdue Memorial Union
Bldg.
1916 Class Luncheon—Ballroom, Purdue Memorial Union Bldg. 12:05 p.m.—Fraternity, Sorority, and Hall Luncheons 2:00 p.m.—HOMECOMING GAME—WISCONSIN vs. PURDUE—Purdue Military Band. Class Reunions after the game on the Gridiron 4:45 p.m.—Free Smoker and Dance—Purdue Memorial Union Building 6:00 p.m.—Organization Dinners 7:00 p.m.—Gab-fest, Billiards, Bowling, Browsing—Purdue Memorial Union
Bldg.
8:00 p.m.—Playshop presents "Susan and God"—Fowler Hall 9:00 p.m.—Homecoming Dance—Purdue Memorial Union Building Maury Mahn and his orchestra—Purdue University Orchestra
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1940
Morning—Religious Services—^West Lafayette and Lafayette Churches Noon—Fraternity, Sorority, and Hall Luncheons 4:00 p.m.—Instrumental Variety Hour, Student Talent—Music Room, Purdue
Memorial Union Building.
Art Exhibit—Music Room—Purdue Memorial Union Building—All Week the first alumnus to register at the desk set up in the Union by the Alumni Association. Rank graduaed from the University in the School of Science in the class of ’84, ^nd is now living in
West Lafayette.
First major event in the crowded week-end program was the Alumni Banquet held last night in the north ballroom of the Union. From the beginning of the meal a Homecoming spirit prevailed, with Lou Breese and his orchestra playing college songs as' the alumni entered the ballroom. Approximately 160 persons attended the banquet. As a surprise feature, the members of the University Glee Club entered the hall disguised as “singing waiters” and sang “Auld Lang Syne.” Wallace Woodrow, ME '41, new protege of John Charles Thomas, then sang “Without A Song,” and Albert P. Stewart led the Glee Club in the choral from “Finlandia” and a group of college songs. Dinner Music By Breese Dinner music for the banquet was furnished by Lou Breese and his “Breezy Rhythm” orchestra, which later in the evening played for the Union’s Homecoming Mixer. Toastmaster of the evening was W. Henry Roberts, '12, of Indianapolis. After presenting those at the speaker’s table to the audience, Roberts introduced Prof. L. S. Winch of the University speech department. Winch, a graduate of Wisconsin himself, stated that there are 116 Wisconsin alumni in town and most of them on the University staff, and promised good Wisconsin opposition for the Riveters.
Award Cups
David E. Ross, chairman of the board of trustees of the University, and Mai Elward, coach, spoke briefly, after which Burr Swezey, ’13, reviewed press notices of the Boilermaker football team of 1916 and presented Alumni Association (Continued on page 4)
E. S. Bohlin A. B. Clark
R. W. Donahue
H. F. Layson
J. H. McKee, Jr. J. C. Van Horn
Mahn's Band Plays At Post-Game Tea Dance, Tonight's Union Mixer Returning alumni and students will be the guests of the Student Union at a tea dance in both ballrooms of the Union immediately following today’js football game. The free dance will serve as a preview of Maury Mahn’s new orchestra, which will also play for the reg-
ular mixer this evening.
A new system will be tried out at the tea dance; cutting will be permitted, but in the North ballroonpi only. Dancing wi^ll continue until 6
o’clock. Everyone is invited.
The usual price of one dollar will be in effect at tonight’s mixer, with dancing in both ballrooms from 9
till 12 o’clock.
Backdrop for the two dances today is a humorous “Welcome Alumni” poster featuring a football player and a WBAA announcer. j.h.a.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should do so before Saturday noon, October 26. Cancellation cards are obtainable from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in
the Registrar’s office.
Dean of Men.
Special Maneuvers Will Feature Band's Performance Today “Plenty of that ole pep and ginger,” as Spots Emrick constantly clamors for, characterized the Military Band as its 160 members put the finishing touches on their homecoming program for this afternoon’s gridiron tussle. After a week of practice maneuvering and marching the AllAmerican congregation has whipped up several special formations and melodies in honor of the visiting Alumni. Flag Raising Opening with a short flag-raising ceremony, the pre-game series of formations will feature a bit of a spelling review, namely, the spelling of PURDUE and BADGER, accompanied by a musical background of school songs and militaristic marches. Kizer Memoriam In honor of the late “Nobe” Kizer, the University Band will make a sqdden break from the fast cadence and snappy music to form a special “in memoriam” formation to a slow and muffled drum cadence. As suddenly as it stopped, the fast cadence will resume, while special formations are presented to recognize both the visiting alumni and the Badgers. Remember These, Alumni? Welcome, alumni! Once again you are on campus with your fighting Purdue spirit fully revived. Of prime importance to all of us today is a victory for our team, and we can all help bring this about by yelling in our own Boilermaker fashion. To support the team 100 per cent, everyone should be thoroughly familiar with the yells. Here are two of the most often used
Yea—Purdue! Yea—Purdue! P-U-R-D-U-E Purdue!
Boi-ler-mak-er Rah-rah-rah-rah (Repeated twice more, each time faster) —^Whistle— BOOM! Ahhh—1 Purdue!
Bill Delmer, Yell Manager.
Proofs
... of the senior pictures for the 1941 Debris can be seen next week, Monday through Friday, in the Debris office in room 60 of the Union basement according to R. E. Adams, ijunior business manager of the yearbook. Jerry Carlon, representative of the Dexheimer-Carlon studio which took the pictures, is exhibiting the proofs, e.g.k.
At Pep Session Two thousand and five hundred enthusiastic students, alumni and Boilermaker rooters attending the pep rally last night heard President Edward C. Elliott and Coach Mai Elward forecast a Riveter victory over Wisconsin this afternoon. At 8:46 p. m. the mascot and the band followed by homecopiing alumni and students carrying banners and posters led the pep parade through the Union building, down Grant Street and then up Northwestern Avenue to the victory bonfire built on Stuart field by members of Skull and Crescent. Elliott Speaks President Elliott, standing in the tender of the locomotive-mascot, warned that he did not expect to see any “disinterested spectators in Ross-Ade stadium tomorrow afternoon.” He urged that “every loyal Lady Boilermaker and Gentleman Boilermaker give vocal and spiritual support to the team, and declare himself or herself to be a supporter of the victorous Boilermakers.” Immediately following Elliott’s address Mai Elward vouched for the spirit of the 1940 football team. He said that it was the finest that he has seen on any team he has ever had to work with. Commenting on the large attendance at the pep session, Elward stated that after witnessing the real “Purdue-spirit” of the alumni who had returned for the Homecoming banquet last night and the spirit of the team during the heat of its previous battles this fall and during practice he was confident that the student body’s spirit was “100 per cent Boilermaker.” d.t.b. « Third Performance Of 'Susan And God' Drags At Beginning After getting off to a slow start, last night’s production of “Susan and God” progressed haltingly through the second act to end in a tenderly brilliant scene of realization by the heroine, played by Vinson Taylor. A maze of details during the first act left the audience in a state of weariness, increased somewhat by the casual tossing of subtle remarks which often went unnoticed by the unsuspecting audience. Heath Shapes Plot It was Barry, played-by William Heath, who throughout the production brought the seemingly uncoordinated parts of the play together in nice shape. Jean Montgomery, as Irene, did a good job of fitting into the role. Her ease and poise while on tlje stage were much to her credit. At first cue-conscious Blossom, played by Dorothy Ann Canfield, did a good job of portraying adolescent youth, One of the most refreshing characters was that of Charlotte, played by Marianna Duke. She has that rare gift of being able to make the audience feel she is the character and not just some one portraying that character. Coleman Ahd Pittenger Credit must be given to Dick (Continued on page 4)
Heavily On Sophomores Both Tearns Seek Initial Conference f Victory In Homecoming Encounter
By JOE DOLAN
(Exponent Sports Editor)
PROBABLE LINE-UPS
WISCONSIN PURDUE Phillip LE Rankin Thornally LT Neff Gile LG Miller Henry C Axton Gage (AC) RG Melton Wasserbach RT Timperman Lorenz RE Combs Farris QB Smerke Hoskins .LH., Carter McFadzean RH Berto Paskvan FB Petty OFFICIALS: Frank Birch (Earlham), referee. Anthony Haines (Yale), umpire; Dr. E. F. Cigrand (Northwestern), field judge; W. D. Knight
(Dartmouth), head linesman.
^TIME: 2 p. m. at Ross-Ade Stadium. BROADCASTS: WLW, Cincinnati; WFBM, Indianapolis; WBOW, Terre Haute; WIBC, Indianapolis; WBAA, Purdue, WTMJ, Milwaukee. The caviar and champagne crowd is in town! Today, this campus takes on the scene that adjectives miserably fail to desribd as alumni and families descend upon the home of the Boilermakers for a week-end of “college life.” This afternoon starting at 2:00 o’clock, Purdue’s football team, Purdue’s ace entertainment committee, will engage a similar representation from the University of Wisconsin to present the feature attraction
of the day’s varied program.
Today’s game will match the tyro
against the amateur. Which one is the superior in physical combat such as football provides, will be exhibited this afternoon when Elward’s sophomore studded eleven stacks up against the sophomore combination of Wisconsin. It is misleading to say that Elward and Stuhldreher will rely exclusively on their green crop; however, it is true
that sophomores will dominate the
major positions on both squads. First Victory For Either Team Despite the fact that neither
team has won a conference victory,
today’s battle will have an impor-
tant bearing on the final standing
of the two in the Big Nine heap. Should either bounce back with a
win, they would be in the thick of
the battle. And so goes the feeliug of both coaches. Coach Elward of our Boilermakers, and Harry Stuhl-
deher, of the visitors.
Injuries and diligent work on the part of Purdue’s sophomore crop have collaborated to stimulate Elward in taking a prodigious step— placing a few positions on the first eleven in the dubious hands of the sophomores. With the injured Kersey stai suffering from hematoma (a type of blood infection) of the right leg calf, Elward reached down to the ranks of the fourth team to elevate “Tex” Smerke, a soph signal caller, to the boss-position of
today’s encounter. Smerke May Stay
Smerke, comparatively light with his 173 pounds, is one of these kids who knows where and when to call the plays that will (or should ao_cording to grid theory) pick up the yardage in the right direction. He isN a great defense player, and should his blocking attract applause in today’s ftacas upon opr recreational premises, the lad from (Continued on page 3)
J. C. ALLEN PHOTO
Principals in current Playshop production, “Susan and God,“ are Vinton Taylor, playing Susan, and Bill Heath, portraying Barrie, her husband. Music Room To Sponsor Instrumental Variety Ads The Music Room of the Union will present an instrumental hour from 4 to 6 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union. The program will feature selected members of the University orchestra and will consist of selections by the string quartet, a marimba solo, a violin duet, a'trumpet trio, a violin solo and a marimba duet. The complete program will be printed in tomprtow’s Exponent. e.g.k.
To Members of the Faculty The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, October 28, at 4 p. m^ in Eliza Fowler Hall. Edward Cw EUiott,
President.
Dean H. J. Reed ... of the school of agcictdtmte was in Clinton yesterday serving as official starter for the state eecnhusking championship con^h fi4.I
4/
F
A-v
E':^;
■4. ''
i‘f. ,
I?'
,„.-rl
-.fti' r^>■'
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturdlay< October 26» 1940
Homecoming today. Quite an institution it is, too. But up and beyond the sentimental and sodden return of alumni, it has a much more useful purpose. Which we never realized. Until now. The military significance.
Think of the training. The hardening process. For instance. We learn all about how to be engineers in school. As long as we have a text book and a formula and a factory. Which is easy. Any damn fool can substitute in a formula. Except us.
But the real test. The one that should please armij; engineers. And prove mechanical ability. Is making those homecoming decorations stand up. It’s a battle of wits, and cardboard, and paint, and two by fours, and baling wire. Against time, and structural impossibilities. And Indiana weather. * « * An added feature is due to the fact that no one ever gets going imtil all the stores are closed on Friday night. One which builds up a phenominal skill. At living off the land.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-in-Chief....„ B. W. Donahue Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor. J, H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors; W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, E. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Mianager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Elditors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor jr. p. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Heaton' Night Sports Editor: Swaim Ass’t. Night Editor: McCullough Day Editor: Rose Sophomore Staff: P. I. Jones, D. T. Brophy, R. H. Armstrong, B. G. Kieper, J. F. Zinski, J. F. Amos, A. Chatfield, J. A. Fraser, E. C. Young.
Military Ball Tickets Go On Sale Tuesday To Advanced Students
Tickets for Military Ball, to be held Friday, November 15, will go on sale Tuesday, October 29 from 12:30 to 4:30 p. m. on the second floor of the Armory for juniors and seniors in advanced military, other advanced students and band officers, and organized reserves according to J. R. Blackwell, of the publicity committee. , Basic military students and the band may buy tickets on Wednesday, seniors on Thursday, and the remainder of the student body on Friday until the sales limit of 760 is reached. i Passports ^are required to buy tickets on Which the student will sign his name. The passport and signed ticket will be required for admission to the dance. Coreds can buy tickets according to their own class distinction. Advanced students can have the money for tickets taken out of their pay. a.c.
Speaking of living off the land, the fraternity does its part. Gets you used to army life. You wait at the end of a long line of alumni and friends. At least they look like alumni and should be friends. Because they are eating the food. Then just as your stomach is fighting it out with your back bone. You reach the table to find. Nothing left but baked beans. —^It is sort of discouraging.
Then there is sleep. A weighty problem. However, a few nights on the hardwood floor.
IM Schedules
REGULAR GAMES
Can get anybody used to a cot on order.
Touchball—^Monday, October 28
Field
1. Ward 1 vs Ward 27 (L. Captain)
And last of all the rooms. Full of people we mean. It’s just a taste. Of course there is one big advantage to Homecomings over the army. When a brother or alumni borrows your clothes. i You can tell he is guilty by looking at him.—4kh
Ward 3 vs Ward 8 (J. Papurca) Ward 4 vs Ward 26 (W. B. McAdams) Ward 5 vs Ward 6 (R. McCarthy) Ward 12 vs Ward 15 (W. E. Speidel) Ward 21 vs Ward 26 (Paul Schreiber) Ward 22 vs Ward 24 (Jim Shaw Ward 28 vs Ward 10 (Joe McGrath) Ward 31 vs Ward 32 (G. R. Wolter) Ward 33 vs Ward 30 (Dave Adams)
11. Ward 29 vs Ward 11 (N. Goldstein)
12. Ward 14 vs Ward 2 (Kutz)
10.
Jimstltj^ Jailc
M. Such A Critical Time
... in our nation’s history, it is more important than ever that every American citizen exercise his constitutional right to vote. Not only is it his right; it is also his duty. For students this is somewhat of a problem, however, most states provide for the voting of those absent by the absentee ballot. Students of age who are attending school in other than their home state are included in this provision. All of the 48 states except Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and South Carolina permit voting by the absentee ballot. Regarding the procedure for absentee voting, we have taken the following paragraph from the “Indiana Voters’ Handbook.” The same general procedure is followed in all states. Absent Voters. Any qualified voter who, because of the nature of his business, expects to be absent on the day of any general, special, primary or municipal election, may vote at such election by an absent voter’s ballot. The absent voters’ ballots used in elections are in the custody of the home county, city or town clerks.
Any voter who desires to vote by an absent voter’s ballot may make application for an absent voters’ ballot, in person or by mail. On the 15th day prior to the election, the clerk mails absent voters’ ballots to all voters who have applied for such ballots. Upon receipt of the ballot, the voter may vote before any officer who is authorized to administer oaths and who has an official seal. When the ballot has been voted, it is folded and sealed up and sent to the clerk and is delivered to the election inspector of the precinct in which the absent voter resides, at the time when the inspector obtains the other election books and supplies for the election. Absent voter’s ballots are cast and counted in the same manner as other ballots. A word of explanation. To be a qualified voter, you must be registered in your home county, precinct, or similar corresponding political subdivision of your state. You may obtain the application for an absent voter’s ballot at either of the two political subdivision headquarters on the east side or at the office of the Tippecanoe county clerk in the court house. When you receive your ballot, you may hayp your voting witnessed at the West Lafayette city hall. You should then return it immediately to the office from w|iich you received it. It should be in that office not later than November 5. w.e.h.
ARC
SUNDAY-MONDAY—
ALSO
DISNEY COLOR CARTOON
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
TIM McCOY in THE WESTERNER'
'PRISON WITHOUT BARS'
'RED RYDER" SERIAL
PATHE NEWS
Gaddis And Gamble Attend State Lunch
James Thorp
Miss Leila Gaddis and Miss Edith Gamble of the home economics department attended a meeting of the state school lunch advisory committee in Indianapolis last Monday. The purpose of the meeting was to improve the school lunch program in the state. Miss Gaddis is a member of the sub-committee concerned with the equipment and Miss Gamble is
. . . internationally known soil scientist of the U. S. Department pf Agriculture, will speak before the members of the Soil Science Society of Indiana and the University Agronomy club at a dinner to be held at six o’clock Monday, October 28, in the Union. He will speak on “China: Its Soils, Its Agriculture, Its People.'’ r.s.k.
working on menus, preparation, and serving of food. a.c.
AS THOUSAND’S CHEER
Here^s a hat that'll stop the Rah-Rah's In mid-air, then start them again. A honey, for all sports and casual wear.
VOCIE HAT SHIP
PhoDe 2207
313 Columbia
TUS tSKOOr... Hie limiMHi elory dT the tnoMttie hhhi oi Pl<rtre DuiiK... AM^m^riean player, A^Amenean ooadb, AII'Aiiievieaii iiifHir
'Ruf
Filmed ai' the scene of Rockne's triumphs .. the campus of Notre Dame
Starts TODAY
WAA News
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
PIA Men’s Choms: Rehearsal will be held Monday, October 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. Everybody be there. ' —SMULEVITZ.
ASME: All members who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may get them at Professor Cope’s office any d*^ this week except Friday from 9 to 10 a. m. —COOLEY.
SC A Members: CSredit Union meeting will be held Monday, October 28, at 8:30 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation House. “—BELCHER.
Radio Club; Meeting Tuesday, October 29, room 134, EB building. P. H. Reedy will speak on “Resistance-Capacitance Audio Filter Units,’’ Use north door. —FREED.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, October 28, at 7:16 p. m. in room 80B Union. Pledges report at 7:46. —BOHLIN.
Engrineer Freshmen: Editorial workers report at the office at 4 o’clock on Monday, October 28. Important. —GALE.
Gimlet Pledges: Meet at 12:30, Saturday, October 26, at the parking lot. | —TAYLOR. '
Cosmopolitan Club: Initiation 8 p. m., Sunday, October 27, in room 804 of the Union. —CORTISSOZ.
Sophomore Union Workers; Will the following please report to the Union office Monday at 4:00 for an important committee meeting: Sieb, R. E. Smith, Ware, Gillespie, Creel, Crown, Murill, Silva, Hague, Deuster, Jewett, Gehnke, Steek, and Lloyd. —BRANDT.
Lutheran Students: Meeting at 9:30 a. m. Sunday, October 27, at the house of Rev. H. C. Stalldorf, 626 N. 9th St., Lafayette. —MEGOFF.
ff
Oldlimers
ff
TURKEY DINNER complete with all the "trimmings" 40c
BARTLETT'S
'Where the Boilermakers Eat'
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
Tell that husband hunter you’re all tied up at home!
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS with RANDOLPH SCOTT — PLUS — SOME LIKE IT HOT^* — with — BOB-HOPT"-
li
PIA Board: Regular meeting at 4:16 p. m. Monday, October 28, in the PIA office. —MUSSER.
Nancy Cooper defeated Mary Moflat, 6-2, 6-3, to win the women’s tennis tournament yesterday afternoon.
PIA Dancers: Get your tickets before Monday, October 28, in the PIA office. —HUMPHREY.
Wesley Foundation Alumni: Homecoming' tea after the game at the Foundation house. —McFADDEN.
Scriveners: Meeting at 7:80 p. m. Sunday, October 27, in room 261 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meet for Hallowe’en party at 8:30 Saturday, Octoher 26, at 126 Chauncey for transportation to the cottage. —WILLIAMS.
Classified Ads
Busa-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Typewriters and adding machines, new ^nd used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Offi<:e supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost: Gold ring with large blue-green stone in Union Tuesday. Finder please call room 1101 WRH.
Lost: Green and black fountain pen in or between the library and Union buildings Tuesday about 9 p. m. Reward. Call 41204.
Lost: Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity pin in vicinity of PKS house or WRH South. Reward offered. Call 4061, Evers.
Lost; Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity pin in vicinity of PKS house or WRH South. Reward offered. Call 4601. —EVers.
Lost: Brown billfold containing passport and driver’s license. Reward, Butz. Phone 7242.
Lost: On Campus. Dark Brown leather jacket belonging to C. H. Young. Finder please return for reward. Phone 8421.
eittllT MITCHELL- MANA BRYANT-JOHK UTEI
LAST DAY—2 HIT? . . ANNA STEN
"EXILE EXPRESS" — ALSO — JOHNNY MACK BROWN
'LAW AND ORDER'
BteA-
fast
Starts TOMORROW
...ani j up «iar-
TODAY-4! i
F)^
' *1**1 *' /fr -» J»il.^)!Vf l ;#|j»%‘«ff5i'VSM!'€' , i ; £i / ^
SatUrdoyf October 26, 1940
£xpomni SpofiiA ^aqa.
Football Cross-Country On Athletic Homecoming Schedule
¥to%h Gridders Fight Civil War On Practice Field This Morning
Football is the order pf the day and Elmer^urnham’s freshmen footballers will do their part to make Homecoming day a success as they stage a civil war on the varsity practice field this morning at 10 o’clock.
Stroyeck Captures First In Decathlon For Cinder Squad Final results of the fall decathlon for track candidates have been announced by Coach Hermon Phillips, head track mentor. The events included in the all-around test are as follows: 75 yard dash, 330 yard dash, 660 yard dash, 1320 yard run, 120 yard hurdles, broad jump, shot put, discus, high jump and the hop, step, and jump. Walter Stroyeck, junior hurdle specialist, v^s the top scorer in the decathlon with a total of 4632 points. Second place in the final standings was credited to Anthony, scoring 4421 points. The following nine men placed in the given order: Kron, Gaulke, Wieland, Smith, Arnold, McEachern, Doty, Dodge, and New. r.o.s.
For the past week the rhinie squad has been divided into two groups each numbering about fifty. Burnham and his assistants have tried to divide the talents as evenly as possible so as to present two evenly-matched elevens. Everybody Plays It was indicated that an attempt will be made to allow every man to see some service. This squad has several outstailding prep stars on its roster, but some of these are laid up. Some of the boys likely to see a good bit of action are Hansom, Newell, Baumgardt, Deer, Kelly, Stoelting, Devine, and Eggleston, who are linemen; and Baker, Stauber, Robinson, Fields and Smock, backs. Those persons drifting up to the practice field this morning can expect an interesting display of football. e.c.y.
Welcome Grads Keep Ahead with Purdue with SOCIETY BRAND SUITS and TOPCOATS They’ve just been unpacked—a whole big shipment of smart Fall Clothes in the newest styles and materials. Come in and give your eyes a treat today.
PHONE 2237
316 STATE
See This FBEEMAH First
IT’S A REAL BUY AT...
• Beautiful shoemaking o Excellent fitter last m Rich, deep-tone calfskin '• Conservative custom styling Ask for Freeman No. 836 (Brown), No. 837 (Black) X-RAY FITTING A. B. C Shoe Co., Inc 406 Main Street
Today's Important Games Minnesota vs. Iowa Fordham vs. St. Mary’s Michigan vs. Pennsylvania Indiana vs. Northwestern Notre Dame vs. Illinois Ohio State vs. Cornell Santa Clara vs. Michigan State Nebraska vs. Missouri Oregon State vs. U. C. L. A. California vs. Washington Navy vs. Yale Stanford vs. Southern California Coach Papenguth Matched Vamty, Freshmen In meet Members of both the varsity and freshman swimming teams splashed into their first public competition of the season yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse pool. East times and the fine condition of both squads presented an encouraging prospective for this season’s campaign and for teams of the hext few years. Hard-working Dick Papenguth is developing the talents of probably the most capable group of tankmen the Boilermakers have had in years. \ Times for the 220 yard free style races were encouragingly fast. The winners of the different heats in this event made times considerably faster than were the best at a corresponding stage of training last season. Frosh Dilley individual performances that were on the outstanding sid6 were topped^by John Dilley, freshman back stroke artist, who stroked the 150 yard event in the fastest time that has been recorded by a Boilermaker. Joe Williamson, up in the varsity class this season, swam fast times in the breast stroke events, 100 and 220 yards. Other admirable races were turned in by McCready, Andersen, and Kusko in the back stroke; and Staney and Hansel, both frosh, in the free style. In a special race Freddy Herr and Dick Kratzer, varsity veterans, swam a thrilling 100 yard free style with Herr leading until the last five yards. Kratzer won by a touch fin-
ish.
Harriers Battle Badger Cinder Men In Homecoming Attraction
An
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Color personified’ is the topic of today’s battle up in Ross-Ade stadium; and keeping right in line with that color we give you the prognostications of the Red and White of the Wisconsin student newspaper. Steal my thunder, Marty, my column is yours. —I-I— By Marty Siegrist, Co-Sports Editor, The Daily Cardinal They’re known as the Fighting Badgers, these scrappy, never-say-die men from Wisconsin who will invade Ross-Ade stadium this afternoon seeking their first conference victory in two years. There’s a real reason fqr that nickname of “Fighting Badgers”; it’s not just a press agent’s imaginings. Wisconsin hasn’t won a Big Ten football game since that bright day down in Evanston in 1938 when a rampaging cardinal-clad eleven knocked a championship from the very hands of the overconfident Wildcats. Since that day they have played nine conference engagements. They have \^on none of them—^but they never gave up the fight. In those games, the Badgers have been outplayed, often out-manned, and at times out-maneuvered — but they have never been outfought. Coach Mai Elward and his highly geared Boilermakers of 1939 experienced a taste of that Badger fight last November in Camp Randall stadium, Madison. Led by the supercharged “Three B’s,” a classy Purdue eleven was held to a 7-7 tie by a band of Wisconsin Badgers who didn’t know when they were licked. Now, smarting under tie sting of two consecutive 1940 defeats, the Badgers will be in no mood for any pleasantries Satxirday. They lost to two of the top teams in the confer-
Compliments of
EDGERTON HARDWARE INC.
E. W. VanMefer, Pres.
Phone 4354
West Lafayette
A HEARfy WELCOME to OLD GRADS I We Hope You Thoroughly Enjoy Your Return Visit LET'S ALL BACK THE BOILERMAKERS to BEAT the BADGERS Not Twenty but PLENTY Complete line of Gifts and Souvenirs "35 Years of Service to Purdue"
PIIRDDEBCCK^SIPPLY STORE
LVLE CRIDCLEV-MANAGER
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND^
Though not the feature of the day, the cross-country meet with Wisconsin will command its share of attention and will claim the spotlight shortly after noon. This dual meet, the Riveter’s fourth, will start at 12:30. Coach Hermon Phillips’ harriers
ence, hut that makes defeat taste no less bitter, A triumph over Purdue would be a two-inch steqk smothered in onions to the victory starved Badgers. If you discount spirit and will-to-win, Wisconsin can not be rated much of a chance against a Boilermaker machine that held Ohio State to a “moral tie.” The Badgers are battered and bruised from their two previous encounters. Key linemen are in far from peak condition, and reserves, here as in the backfield, are few and far between. Lack of reserves, in fact, is the greatest handicap that the Badgers have to face, and it is a handicap which the team seemingly can not surmount. Inexperience (half of the squad of 47 men are sophomores) is the other stumbling block to Wisconsin hopes. The Badgers are well aware of the stars that stud the Boilermaker line-up, but the boys in red and gold have a few sparklers of their own. Heading the list is 1939’s all-con-ference fullback, George Paskvan, as great a fullback offensively and defensively as any in the nation. Two sophomore halfbacks have shown flashes of gridiron brilliance already this season. Jim McFadzean, fleet right halfback has moved into the starting line-up over veteran Don Miller. Jim raced back an NU kickoff 46 yards, averaged better than eight yards every time he carried the ball against the Wildcats, and scored Wisconsin’s only touchdpwn. Mark Hadley Hoskins is another of the class of ’43 making himself felt in Wisconsin’s grii^iron destinies. A triple threat left halfback, he does everything but carry the water bucket and tape ankles. In his first college game three weeks ago against Marquette he threw six passes and completed all of them for a gain of 79 yards; averaged 9.2 yards in ten ball carrying attempts; averaged 32 yards on his punts; and scored^ passed for, or set up four of Wisconsin’s five touchdowns. In the line, the Badgers have A1 Lorenz at right end rated by Coach Harry Stuhldreher as one of the finest flank men in the conference. At guard, if he is ready for action after a leg injury sustained two weeks ago, is Dick Embick, who can stack up with any in the Big Ten. Any one of these Badgers may start clicking Saturday, and they
will be shooting for their second Victory, barely missing this objective last Saturday when they dropped a 27-29 decision to Ohio State. In addition to this hair-line defeat, the squad incurred a loss to a strong Indiana team in the season opener. Pitt was the Boilermakers’ victim as they chalked up their first victory of the season. Watch Ed! Undefeated Ed Holderman will be called upon to continue his winning streak and past performances indicate that he will do just that. Wisconsin is expected to present a fairly strong team because of the fact that they consistently produce good distance runners. Holderman’s supporting cast will be drawn probably from the following group: Reeves, Shulman Jarvis, Jentsch, Appleton, Stanley, Marozich and McLaughlin, Want Win A victory over the Badgers is imperative if the Riveters are to come out ahead in dual meet standings as only one more dual meet remains, which is with Wa3me University. e.c.y. Boilermakers Battle Continued from page 1) the cow-country may be a starting fixture. Two mile - a - minute halfbacks, also of the green second year fold, Tony Berto, Bedford, and Marion “hamper-scamper” Carter, Indianapolis, will be on the playing field at the start of hostilities to play a little halfback for Purdue. Berto, a great pass receiver and passer, has scored once this season and during |;he pep sessions for today’s show, the little coal-miner from Bedford seemed to fit the right half spot in veteran fashion. , Carter In Place of Byelene Carter, a fiery red-head of the elusive stock, will take over Mike Byelene’s post, vacated by Mike and his broken arm. Carter can pass, not too far, run like a deer, and is an inferno on wheels when he gets clear of the ends. Today’s game will feature a miniature contest between two of the country’s best fullbacks. Roaring George Paskvan, Wisconsin, and Caravan John Petty, Purdue.
may aU cfick at once. If they do— and it’s not at all impossible—^then, * look out. Boilermakers!
FRED'S EAT SHOP Home Made Vegetable Soup and Chili 127 Northwestern Aye. West Lafayette
SPECIAL For AD '29 GRADS Register at Southworth's for a drawing of FREE PRIZES You will always cherish them for their sentimental value (Remember the,'29 Champs)
FUIIIE BOCKMIfFLYnCIE
308-10 STATE STREET V^fST LAFAYETTE Ihtfi
LErS
BACK THE
BOILERMAKERS
Free Parking in Rear Free Dupery
. Univei
rsity Drug Store
N. J. Arth, ’3r
Next to Post Office
O. N. B^msell, *$7
" -ai ^" ' .\' 4#-
■X:i^' '-yh
0“^ ’
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 26, 1940
fy
I.-?
I i-
Jimslu Jaik
Are We Downhearted?
Church
Mrs. McFad-
Directory
8. “Worship”
den
4. Open Forum on Religious Questions—Rev, McFadden 7:16 p. m.—Student Worship in the Auditorium. '
U.l'Sends'Alumnus
Third Performance
“To your call once more we rally,” goes the first line of the familiar song and it is to that call that all of us who call ourselves Boilermakers must rally this afternoon if the Gold and Black are to emerge victorious from the gridiron struggle. To the Alumni who are returning today to revel in “the scenes of Old Purdue” we extend our heartiest welcome. A few of the scenes have been chanced since you left us. And that goes for last year’s graduates as well as those of a decade agb., The steady groAvth of the University physically and educationally should make all of you proud that you may call this your Alma Mater. We of the undergraduate body certainly feel that we can point
with pride to “the lo,wer forty” and boast of the “best and blackest
topsoil in the land.” But while AVe lean over backwards about the University we have to take a reef in our sails about the football team. Not that we aren’t proud of them too, but they just aren’t in as good physical shape as the University. Truth of the matter is that they’re in a helluva shape what with all the injuries. The team is in much the same position as England was at the start of the war a year ago. But are Ave doAvnhearted ? “Hell Nol” as Hanny Haines so aptly puts it. But we need everybody’s help. England wasn’t in good physical shape. Neither are we 1 England lost a lot of ground. So will we! But is England licked? Well, neither are we 1 The Boilermaker football team, like England, has a tough battle on its hands and will really have to fight if it is to win.; But remember this— it isn’t just the RAF that’s bombing Berlin any more than it will be Galvin alone bombing the Badgers with passes. It isn’t just the British fleet protecting the white cliffs of Dover anymore than it’s our battered and injury-ridden line taking the brunt of Wisconsin’s attack. No, it’s all,England’s battle, it’s the battle of every man, woman and child who seeks shelter under the British Union Jack. And likewise today’s gridiron battle is Purdue’s—not just the team’s but that of everyone who rallies to the call of the Gold and Black! Don’t shirk your duty. Boilermakers. Get out there and fight and we’ll win if we have to blow every point across the goal line with our cheers.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Joseph: Baird Gleason, pastor of students. 9:30 a, m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:36 a. m.—Sermon by the pastor, “What is the Will of God for Today?” Organ Music by George Osborn," organist. Solo “Just for Today” by Virginia Ulrey. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Social Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m,—Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour “The Kind of a God in Whom a Student Can Believe,” led by Louise Peterson.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School Co-eds: “A Christian Home” —Mrs. McFadden Men’s Classes 1. “Science and Religion”— —Prof. C. L. Porter 2. “Letters of St. Paul” — Rev. McFadden 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship: The More Abundant Life — Rev. Steele 5:16 p. m.—Student Supper, 15c 6-7:45 p. m.—EpAvorth League at the church. 6.00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion Groups 1. “The Life of Jesus” .—• Dr. G. H. Graves 2. “World Peace” — Prof. Merritt Webster
University Presbyterian Church John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster
Foundation.
Robert S. Thomas, Assistant
9:30 a. m.—There will be three dis-
cussion groups this Sunday. Dr. Graves will lead the series on “The Life of Jesus”; Dr. W. E.^ Howland will lead the discussion on “Ethics in Engineering”; Mr. Thomas will lead the series on “The Church and Social Change.”
10:46 a. m.—Worship and preach-
ing service at Central Presbyterian church in Lafayette, Seventh and Columbia sts. p. m.—The Sunday Evening Club Avill meet and have supper. All students are invited
to come.
p. m.—Dr. John L. Bray will address the Sunday” Evening
Club.
6:00
T. Weed Harvey, Ag ’14, who is principal agriculturist in the office of the director of extension work for the U. S. Department of Agriculture in Washington, D. C., is one alumnus who “got a break” in connection with homecoming. Harvey has been here the last few days conferring and checking over extension projects Avith ofiBcials in the Depa,rtment of Agricultural Extension and will conclude his work today. Harvey was oh the Purdue staff four years following graduation, serving as assistant state leader of county agents before he went to Washington. While in Purdue he was a member of the Exponent staff for three years, editor-in-chief of
Continued from page 1) Coleman, as Hutchie, who showed marked ability in displaying the character of a middle aged man unsure of the love of his actress Avife. Dick Pittenger, playing the role of. Clyde, came through nobly. Orchids Should go to the production staff, who opened our eyes with the beautiful setting of the last act. However, the lighting throughout the play placed the players at a definite disadvantage.
the 1914 Debris and an active mem-r ber of the Purdue Military band, besides participating in many other campus affairs. Harvey, making his first visit here in several years, marveled at the growth of the University, t.r.j.
7:00
MOORE ANTIQUES
FURNITURE — CHINA — GLASS — BUTTONS PRICES REASONABLE -Ialso—
Christian Church
9:30 a. m.—^Student Class. Rev. W. G. Williams will speak on
“The New Negro.”
10:40 a. m.—Church worship service. “When God and Men Meet” will be the subject of Rev. Doyle Mullen’s sermon, p. m.—Ten cent supper at
126 Chauncey, W. L.
p, m.—Forum at the Lafayette church. Phyllis Tjiomas and Joe Clark will discuss
“What About Petting?”
Students who eat, elsewhere are welcomed at 126 Chauncey at 5:46 for rides to the forum at the church.
MODERN TOURIST ROOMS
1203 MAIN STREET
PURDUE VISITORS WELCOME
5:15
6:00
Banquet Opens Continued from page 1)
cups to the five senior players of that year’s team who were the guests of honor at the banquet. Frank A. Blocker of Hammond, ’16, captain of the 1916 team and All-American star, talked shortly and praised the present Purdue spirit. President E. C. Elliott said in a brief speech that as athletic director this season he was havin&“more fun than in 19 preceding autumns,” and in lauding the members of the 1940 team said they represented the type of men the University is glad to have. In answering a prediction that Wisconsin would whip the tar
out of the Riveters, he promised a “tarless Sunday for the Badgers.” Alumni In Pep Parade Following the banquet the alumni marched in the Pep Session parade and yelled as in their undergraduate days around the bonfire on Stuart Field.
Up to 9 o’clock last night 193 graduates had registered at the Alumni desk. A separate registration for “P” men was conducted, and all alumni who registered have been marked up on a large bulletin board placed in the Great Hall of the Union. j.h.a.
WELCOME EVERYONE
Boilermakersr Badgers, Alumni Visitors Take Your Choice Purdue Souvenirs, . Pennants and Pillows
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the Union-— 3 Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
ATTENTION ALUMNI
Enjoy Good Food In Our Large Comfortable Dinning Room
ALTER S CAFE
410 FERRY PHONE 8011 OPPOSITE THE FOWLER
LET'S CELEBRATE
After the Game Ride
DEACSAYg— Welcome back to Old Purduel It's good for your health to come back to Old Purdue once in a while and
renew your youth.
H. G. “Deac" REISNER BOOKSTORE
325 State Street, West Lafayette, Ind.
the Buses to Town
44
'A Nickel Fare Gets You Thefe^^
CO.. IOC.
Here’* the hord-to-find dress that will attract grMh-eyed ottention wherever it's worn ... a i(en Classic in a light-as-fluff, $oft>as-down postel wool; Gleaming brass buttons march* ing down the front, waistline shirring and soft front-fullness—gained by bias inserts in both wolft and skirt—show its talented styling and deft Keatraflsmanship. Sizes 10 to 18 In Rottering pastels , . - about 18-00
LOEB & HENE
-■> .
* South Side of Square KOI OAISICS, 108 19th Street, New Tgili
IT'S
BACK ONCE MORE THE GRADS
FOR
Yes, they’re coming back. And coming back is a great pleasure for them. Old Friendship, old Acquaintances and old memories are revived among the familiar scenes of old Purdue Here’s to a happy reunion and many more to come.
66
525 Alabama Street
“After You We Come First
19
Phone 4048