t
» \
a, -f-
'f' .T
U
EDIT SAYS STOP Bantering; ['7« It's Childish
Established 1889
w Jirhere's Martindell? •
TYPICAL SAILOK Starts Petty ^ Officer Training 3
Volume 56, No.^y^
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, July 17,17^
Dance To Feature Scolt To Appear Here Friday Department
Revises ROTC Pfcw Second Year Advanced Students Witt Fil
Penny Games, Fun WAA, AWS Cooperate On Carnival; Novelty Booths Will Display Sketchings, Darts ^ Dancing and merry-making for the enjoyment of all University students, servicemen, RCA, Curtiss-Wright and Wright Field girls will be featured in the carnival to be held on the women's tennis courts tonight from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. Harry Reed and his band will provide music for all types of dancing beginning at 9 and *
lasting until 11:30 p. m. The “Folk-whirlers”, a
group of WAA dancers who have performed before numerous gatherings here at the University, will demonstrate several dilterent dances, and will teach them to interested members of the
audience.
Square dances, barn dances, Virginia Reels, cut dances, broom dances, and regular dancing will all be included in a .program planned to mix the crowd. The gala event, under the sponsorship of AWS and WAA, will of-
At Final Summer Convo
Sykes' Illness Hits Dramatics Organization Hard luck has hit another campus oiganization. Playshop is temporarily without their leading man, George Sykes, is confined to sick bay. He will resume rehearsals with the dramatics group sometime at the beginning of next week. Tickets will go on sale Monday
Humorist Combines Art, Speed
Henry Scott, noted pianfst-
Agricultural Engineers are now humorist, who has appeared included in the group of students fro^ coast to COast, will be" deferred because of occupatmnal featured at a University constudy according to a circular from ,. , . the State Headquarters of the Se- Vocation next Friday night at lective Service System. Heating 7:30 in the Music Hall, ventilation, refrigerating, air con- gcott began playing the
ditioning, safety, and transporta-
State Service Board Will Defer Engineer Students In Ag School
University Will Hold Vacancies; All Will Enter By Sept M '43
Industrial Training
tion engineering have been elimi-
nated from this group.
Also included here are students of forestry, pharmacy, optometry, and agricultural sciences if the in-
dividual is “competent and gives humorist
promise of the successful complC' tion of such course of study.”
Graduate In 24 Months
of age. He attended Syracuse University where he was much in demand as an entertainer on the campus. Since his college days, he has progressed steadily as an artist and
fer games of chance and skill for at the office in Fowler Hall for 75 the pleasure seeker who will find cents per person for the three plqnty of opportunity to get ac- shows to be presented for students qukinted. and faculty Wednesday, Thursday Side Shows Friday next week. Season tickThe Bohemian spirit will prevail et holders are asked to note that the among the booths which will be day for which their tickets are good open from 8:30 to 10 p. m. under has been moved up one and that the auspices of residence halls, co- tickets originally purchased for ops, fraternities, and sororities on Friday will be good on Thursday
the edges of the tennis courts. night. Penny games, side shows, rou- Carmichael Leaves
Concerts At West Point
During the past Spring, Scott entered the' Rainbow Room, Radio
It is understood that this ap- city, New York, for a six-week en'plies to a student on the condition gagement as featured artist and enthat, ‘ if he continues his progress tertainer. His success there was imhe will graduate from such course mediate. Concert engagements dur-
of study within twenty-four months from the time of certification”. The University is limited in “that the number of students in the
ing the past season include appearances at both West Point and Anna-
polis.
One of the major piano compan-
lette wheels, dart games, portrait sketching, shell and pea games, and countless other attractions will draw the spectators. Barab, Master Of Ceremonies Popcorn and cokes will be offered in the way of refreshments. Art Barab, well known Playshop member, will lead the whole affair as Master of Ceremonies. No admission will be charged. Cancellations According to Rule 10b (Rules and Regulations Governing Students), “No course shall be cancelled within the last four weeks of any term.” Since Monday, July 19th is the beginning of the last four weeks of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel assignments after Saturday noon, July 17th, even though passing. —DEAN OF MEN
H. Kenn Carmichael, director, producer and adviser for Playshop productions for the past few years left the campus yesterday. He will join the Navy, July 28 as an officer in the reserve. In the play itself, Fred Bauchwitz, whose role has not pi'eviously been announced, will play the part of “Professor Metz.” Rosemary Boyd is rehearsal assistant for the
production.
Union Will Sponsor Juke Box Session Stfident UnioVi will hold a matinee jive session open to all students next Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 6 p. m. in the North Ballroom. Popular big name bands will supply the music via the juke box. Admission is 10c per person.
first or freshman class does not ies assisted in presenting Scott for exceed 150 percent of the average the New York Town Hall concert, annual number of students gradu- Thjs is the first time an outstanding ating at the b'achelor degree level pianist has participated in a produring the three academic years gram of this manner since a large
1939-40, 1940-41 and 1941-42.” Playshop Crew Hunt For Skating Pond Insane (we really mean it this time) Art Barab evidently took Thursday’s Expo seriously, for he appeared at the offices last night with a wild look in his eye, clad in turtle neck sweater and carrying ice skates. Sarah Andrew, wearinga red wooly snow suit apd also lugging skates, (one of his colleagues in the current Playshop production, “The Man Who Came To Dinner)
piano companies brought Paderewski to this country in 1891.
Outspeeds Pole
In the fastest section of the Hungarian Rapsody, Paderewski played 156 notes in six seconds, or 26 notes per second. In establishing the world’s speed record, Scott managed to outspeed the great Pole by 1% seconds. Scott’s all time record
is 44 2/3 notes per second.
In 1938, Scoit married Mary Bell Bard, a Vassar graduate. In the studio of their New York apartment, Scott practices hours on end, does a little teaching, and is himself a serious student. Scott has already been proclaimed a great sue-
School July 29-30 Dr. C. H. Lawshe of the Univerj>sity has announced the completion of arrangements for an Industrial Training Conference to be held at the University, July 29 and 30. All sessions will be held in the Union building. Included among the speakers will be representativjes of the War Manpower Commission, the apprentice tra’ining service, and the war production training division of the State Superintendent Sof Public Instruction’s office. Prof. Joseph Tiffin, Prof. Ammon Swope, and Dr. Lawshe of the University are serving on the steering committee for the conference. Also on the committee are J. H. Brock, training coordinator for the P. R. Mallory company, Indianapolis; H. G. McComb, state director for the vocational training for war production workers, .Indianapolis; Harry Bilman, regional director of training, War Manpower Commission; O. M. Aders, educational supervis"or of the Perfect Circle Company, Hagerstown; Lee S. Adams, district official of the WMC’s training within industry division;. Henry W. Teichroen, regional supervisor. War Production Training; and Elliott French, field supervisor of the WMC apprentice and training ser-
According to information received yesterday from the President’s office, a general plan has been approved by the Wfct Department for the disposition of ROTC advanced course st«^ dents now enrolled in the^University as well as the EfXTC students who have already reported for training at Replace-
ment Training Centers.
Second year advanced ROTC students who have ahready ' ' ■ graduated are being placed in
Officer Candidate Schodls as rapidly as vacancies becon^ available. A majority of this group will be assigned to OI&cer Candidate School durbif; the next few weeks and all wOTlbn^ entered the special service sebeot
by September 30,1943.
Second year advanced ROTC s^dents who have not graduated adid who have not yet entered OfiBieer Candidate School are being permitted to return to school at tl)dh^ own request to continue their atademic work. This group will be allowed to remain in college to complete the semester or quarter in progress on December 31, 1943, unn less sooner graduated. This probably means that the 56 second year ROTC students on the campus will be allowed to remain here until
Aeromodelers Will Sponsor Second Contest Aeromodelers club will hold its second piodel aeroplane contest on August 1, 1943. Since the contest is only two weeks away, builders-are urged to start putting their planes in shape for this meet. Three prizes
will be awarded.
It was announced that hand launched gliders may not compete in the contest. The same “handicap” system of adjusting the flight times of different classes of airplanes will be used as in the meet of July 11. As the handicap system puts each
modelers.
Navy Changes Text
For Another Like It To Plan New Program
accompanied him. ,, , , ,,
With frantic gestures and bloodshot eye. Art demanded to know the whereabouts of the skating pond rumored frozen over in this district. Must have been a mirage, Art. '
There's Still Some Hope
Professor Paul Fatout Airs Views
High-Light Of Season Scott’s performance in the Hall of Music on Friday night promises to be one of the high-lights of the
concert season.
The doors of the Hall of the Music will be opened at 7 o’clock. Admission will be the student passport, season ticket, or single admissions which can be purchased at the door for 65 cents.
Having the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Corps, RCA, CurtissWright, Wright Field and possibly a few others on campus is bound to lead to a little confusion, or at least the new navy V-12 boys found it so. In the chemistry dept, the navy students obtained their textbooks and thought they were ready to settle down to digesting the facts; but no, a mistake had been made. Their -textbooks were ^ stamped “Army”, so each and everyone had to exchange his book for another one of the same name, same author, same contents, only these new chemistry texts were stamped “Navy.”
graduation on August 15 and will
model on an even basis, any type of fben be assigned to special servica rubber powered model, gas powered schools as soon as possible after model, or towline glider may enter date. . with an even chance to win. Second year advanced ROTC stuEntry fee will be lifty cents for <lents awaiting assignment to Qffl-non-members and free to the aero- Candidate School and those whq
do not elect to return to college will be assigned to Replacement Trai^ ing Centers where they will Be utilized as assistant instructors ‘to provide them with additional training and experience which will be distinct value to them when th^ enter the Officer Candidate ScfaooL
Await Vacancies
Under the present plans, first year advanced ROffC students are now undergoing basic traiiung^ at Replacement Training Centers will be returned to college upon tfe completion of this training. Thi^ will be under the supervision of the Army Specialized Training Divi^-t^ ion, pending the availability of'vacancies in Officer Candidate Seho<d and will be given academic instruction designed to make them more useful officers in their branch. Military instruction will continue during this college period which may be long enough to provide for two or more quarters of training.
In order to get the Intramural program started again after its interuption caused by the arrival of the service men on the campus. Chief Clevett, Intramural director, will meet with the fraternity athletic managers on Monday afternoon in order to decide which sports will be used in the program for the re-
mainder of the session.
At the present time Clevett plans to start softball practice sessions and archery contests on Monday. In addition to discussing what sports will be played the athletic managers will also come to some decision concerning the use of the pres-
ent eligibility rules.
On Ships, Sailors, Students, School For Mixed Doubles
Tennis Tournament The Early Bird . . .
RCA Cadettes See Torture Chamber
By Peg Wendell Having nursed a chronic case of “anti-teacherism” since his first day of grade school, the average college student considers his professors prodding masters who continually bleak up the day with dull classes. ^However, a Univeisity such as ours harbors professional mints of intellectual stimulation in the persons of modern-thinking profs who have been around in this world. Special science students, whose curriculum includes these personal teacher-student conferences, will subscribe to this fact. Anyone who has been in Prof. Paul Fatout’s English classes knows that they stimulate even the most uninterested students, since his “object in teaching is to stir up minds—and if satirical remarks or direct insult^ will do it, those methods ni'e used.” Fond of Ships Spending part of his off hours in u tidy cubical stowed on the second floor of the English building, Piofessor Fatout waxes philosophic on any and all subjects with legs carelessly crossed above a paper-strewn desk. From behind horn-rimmed glasses and wreaths of pipe smoke, surrounded by framed pictures of everything fiom scows to battlewagons, the lean professor tries to pose as an old sea dog—remnant of his Naval service during the last
war.
He is fascinated by ships and the
sea, and so possesses a sympathetic understanding of the advanced Navy students in his classes. “Having been in the service from six to twelve months, these well-man-nered boys have been around a bit, and are-more experienced than regular students” he mdses. “The presence on this campus of men from all over the country who have been studying the arts, business, medicine, journalism in their respective colleges is making the University aware that there are other people in the world. We are inclined to look inward and preen our feathers, unconscious of the fact that otheis may contribute to the campus spirit.” Engineers Waking Up Professor Fatout is convincing in that he believes one piofit will come out of the swelled campus population—“the typical Purdue shellbacked engineer is beginning to realize that there aie other views besides the ‘nut a;id bojt theory’ which makes for more miles of conciete, more mechanical devices.” The world is not completely saturated with technology, but since the University’s curriculum is nai'row many of the navy men are havl ing difficulty in finding courses that would be useful towards the earning of their individual degrees. Since the town and campus are notoiiously conservative to the point of being reactionary, Fatout doubts that this lethaigic atmos-
phere will change much dui’ing these boom times—“for nothing short of a bomb dropped on Eliza Fowler Hall would have a permanent effect here.” Enjoys The Teachable Professor Fatout enjoys teaching especially when people arc teachable and willing to leain. “The stupid or unintelligent are not annoying, for they ai’e always with us. The biggest irritation in teaching is the intelligent Un\l^illing to use their minds — extreme methods must sometimes be used on them. Assigned to write a theme on “How To Treat a Coed”, the piofessor’s Army classes came through with inteiesting comments. Perhaps iionically, one soldier wrote—■ “they should be treated witli the utmost respect and courtesy.” Tersely.” Some coeds should be taught how to treat a soldier.” Green Lawns, Redheads “When, after three months of stift’ training, we are let loose, we want to enjoy ourselves,” wrote another. “Gieerj lawns, blue skies, red heads—all this with the necessity for speed—the whistles just naturally come out. We haven’t got time for formalities of introduction.” 1 Commenting on the current controversy waxing in the Exponent, Professor Fatout says, “It seems that soldier wolf calls have a more subtle interest that civilian wolf calls,”
Mixed double’s tennis tournament will stait this week end with twen-ty-eight couples entering the competition. Partners have been found for all participants and the tournament schedule is posted in the lobby of the Women’s gym today. Eds and coeds will receive cards in the mail asserting the names of their partners. Participants are asked to get in touch with opponents immediately to start the matches. Post Results In Gym First round must be completed July 24, and Winners are asked to fill in the results of matches on the tournament chart posted in the lobby of the Women’s gym. No extended time can be given for the rounds due to the shortness of the semester—either play the match or forfeit. The second round will be completed, July 28; third lound, July 31; semi finals, Aug. 4 and the finals, Aug. 7. The women single’s tournament is now entering the semi-finals with Eloise Lapp, Billy Nicholson, Douglas Morton, and Carolyn Hyman remaining in competition. To All Fraternities All fraternities that have lost their houses, please notify the Fraternity Affairs Office of new addresses of houses and the names of the members living out. —MOORE.
On Inspection Trip To Indianapolis
By Mary Jo Hablas - Getting up by five last Saturday was not the RCA Cadettes’ idea of having a good time, but before the day was over none of us were very sorry that we’d answered the summons of our alarm clocks. Rising at an early hour was necessary because the bus^we were taking to Indianapolis for our visit to the RCA plant left Deac’s at 6:28. Most people evidently do not relish traveling at that hour of the morning; for we were all able to get seats, a feat which is somewhat unusual in these war times. The bus arrived on time to give us our first glimpse of the capitol city of Indiana. After taking an East Michigan ^rolley to the RCA plant, we were ready to begin what proved to be an interesting, instructive and en-
tertaining day. Passports Help
Our University passports served to admit us at the gate. We were given/ temporary badges, and had the contents of our purses checked by the guard. Dividing ourselves into groups of five, we were ready to begin a tour of the plant. Our intinerary had been wellplanned in advance. Each group visited a different department at a different time so there was no congestion. We saw practically every de-
partment with which we’ll ever be sound cabinets being built for the affiliated. Our badges opened to us army and navy. The "insides” for inspection many of the re- horribly complicated affeicst stricted departments — parts of wires and knobs getting ia ea^r
the plant where equipment for the other’s way.
army anjF navy is being manufac- The trip would hardly have been tured «nd assembled. worthwhile if we hadn’t inspeetcid Torture Chamber Vicious the engineering labs. After all, For instance, we saw the “tor- are going to be engineers wheu via ture chamber”, where equipment is leave here, we hope. The tested. The wrecking process, as it looked as though they would might be called, is designed to sub- very nice places in which to wor^ mit the pieqe of equipment to all the but much of the equipment there conditions under which it is ever only led to confusion on our part, likely to be used. Products for sub- guess we still have a great deal tOf
marines are subjected to pressure learn.
and water, while those to be in- Before leaving the plant, we stalled on other types of ships are toured the record department ai^ thoroughly sprayed with water to the lens laboratory. We had dini;^ simulate waves washing over them, with some of tl\e personnel of tfefr Airplane parts undergo heavy plant, and afterwards were entervibrations. Telephone receivers take tained with movies, the plant sJee a heavy pounding, and I mean that club and “coke” and ice croiUMu. literally. They are hung on a wall Someone must have told them thit The idea is to find out whether or our favorite pastime is eating, > , not the piece can take rather rough Except for the fact that Buses handling. Some equipment, which run more or less on schedule^ wei is to be used in a variety of cli- would probably have stayed all af>* mates, 130 degrees Fahrenheit to ternoon. The majority of £(9 'mutp minus 30 degrees. returning to Lafayette Satmdi^ Loudspeakers Confuse afternoon, and consequeRtlyjit In the manufacturing buildiufT^Hnie to go. The other section^ the process of manufacture and as- the Cadettes will be mahiU8^tltg»telpk sembly of loudspeakers was ex- either this week end or on th* twJi
plained to us. Here also we saw the following.Purdue Exponent
Saturday, July 17^ 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Bofdfiic: 'MonAriai Vlnibiii iPhone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p.m., 5377 iQiiDraar Editor.- ...William G. Hookina bhorary Editor..... bale E. Bata inotary Baaincas Manaaer. .....Gerhard H. Klouman With the (Colors iditor.... Robert W. Boawinklc Baaihesa Manager Mary Dil^ News EdttM.i........*. .Sa% Beall MahagInigEIditor.. Donald E. Brerrer Adyertiaine Manager A. Jane Keltn flporta Editor Joaeph S. Dawaon Coed Editor - Jean Laacr
Publication Staff f'i Editorial Staff Associate Editors: H. B. Abbett, C. C. Martindell, E. F. Mur- ’ phy, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Bporta Staff : E. M. Lipes, R, J. Smith, C. E. Shwarda, Business Staff Abatatont Adyertiaing Manager : C: L. Gaunt. Liyont Director: .T. B. Tabb. Circnlatiori Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
The Purdue Independent Editar-in-Chief •Bert Sguler Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Wilbur Issue Editor : Beall Bgy Editor: Steffea SpOrts Editor-: Smith City Editor: Siijiith Beporter»^: Woerner, StefT^s, Georgesbn, Ward, Ogden.
i Snterbd as second class matter at the post office in Lafayet^f Jndiana, under the act of Congress of March 1879, and at the. special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. a’d of October 3, 1917, authorissed January 20, 1922. J^blifthed on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings durinfi the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a Bemestets. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. .Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
e
Tm' (<«. WS,->.t OM.
GO-ROUND
• y DREW PEARSON^ 'Uncle Jesse' Delays Requests By Own Assistants; AFL, CIO Will Cooperate Against Labor WASHINGTON—Inside fact is that despite Jesse Jones’bull-voiced demands foi’ a Congressional inves-^ tigation of his row with Vice President Wallace, his close friends were trying to calm him down and urged that an investigation should he the last thing he wanted. They knew what apparently he did not know, that there were a lot of documents in the files which would not look so good if spread on the record before Congress. For instance, on July 5 he issued a blast against the Vice President contending tha£ Wallace’s Board of Economic Warfare had held up the over-all agreement with Peru. This, he-'said, had expired in Septeniber, 1942, and because of BEW stalling, Jesse asserted, it had not yet been I’enewed. However, Jesse apparently did not know that his own Assistant Secretary of Commerce and right-hand man-, Will Clayton, had written a letter to the BEW asking that the Peruvian agreement not be renewed. Clayton wrote the letter on April 3, 1943, stating that WaTren Lee Pierson, another of Jesse Jones’ right hand men, had just come back from Peru with the latest information and that the matter should be held up. • Pi’esumably Jesse did not know what his own chief assistants were doing when he made the charge against , the Vice President. This is one of the chief complaints against the Secretary of Commerce, who personally is considered one of the most likeable men in Washington. “Uncle J(esBe’’ has a host of friends, but he also has about as many jobs as he has friends, and it is humanly impossible for any man to handle so many at one time. If ‘‘Uncle Jeise’’ stuck to his knitting as Secretary o^ Commerce, which Herbert HooVer made one of the most important cabinet jobs in Washington, he probably would rank with Hoover as one of the best Secretaries of Commerce in recent history. But when he sets up a dozen and one different agencies—Rubber Reserve, Defense Plants, Petroleum Reserves, Defense Supplies, Metals Reserve, War Damage, etc.—then no man, not matter who he be, can keep track of them all. \ Labor To The Polls The AFL and CIO have long, been at swords points on a lot of things, but one thing is now drawing them together—-the anti-strike bill. Behind-the-scenes, a' lot of political cooperation is being planned for the autumn of 1944. Both big labor groups are boiling mad over the antistrike bill and determined to get revenge on every Congressman who voted for it. Under the bill, they cannot contribute to the campaign fund of a political party, but this does not prevent them from organizing their own political workers and waging their own campaign for any candidate. Already plans are being laid to do this very thing. First campaign will be to register every labor voter, especially those who have moved to new war plants and' ship-building areas. Second move will be to set. up headquarters for or againkt pro-labor and anti-labor Congressmen. The last election saw labor generally apathetic. That has now disapparead. The plans are to get out and ring door bells, distribute literature, set up poll-watchers, carry Voters to the polls arid buy radio time and newspaper adyoftising for and against Congressmen according to their labor record. Nothing cart prev(Bnt any citizen from.,.buying advertising space, or iriaking a speech, or contributing his services to a candidate. And the AFL and CIO plari to pool their efforts in each community in the biggest burst of political activity the nation Has seen. NOTE—That is what is behind the big CIO meeting in Philadelphia on Saturday. Money Cliaii9ers The ingratiating public relations expert of the Pennsylvania Railroad slid smoothly among newsmen during the recent ICC hearing which deliberated the railroad's right to issue bonds through Kuhn, Loeb without competitive bidding. Perhaps this was why a certain salient fact brought out at the hearing failed to reach the public. This .was: the strange circumstance by which nine diroctors of the Pennsylvania were in a position where
dsfs Stop Childish CSdiarMnr^ , / When some of the servicemen came to this campus-, they felt ill at ease and did not know what to expect from their specific programs or from the University. ’ f About the programs so^me of the men are still in doubt, but about Purdue there is none. We have all the privileges of regular students^; in fact we are regular students getting crediit and an education at a .“swell” university. . -There has'been some discussion about coed policyv but most men have had little trouble in making friends of the girls; 'So, we were upset by certain editorials; so the letters to the editor were gems of sarcasm and so what? Specific incidents should not be generalized, and there% no sense to making much out of nothing. The truth is that those who want to make friends can do so. If civilians understood that most of the griping is in the usual personality of servicemen, they would forget our unkind remarks. But they don’t, and often this misunderstanding leads to friction. But about coeds, all this banter is stuff and nonsense; Both sides ai’e acting like children who argue for want of something better to do. It all started harmlessly and ended up with a tinge of bitterness. We reiterate: those who want to make friends can make them. Those who are afraid can sit back and make stupid cracks about the “coldness” of the women. That’s absurd; let’s stop it right here; let’s stop.all this meaningless drivel and unexpurgated claptrap in editorials and letters to the editor.—j.g.m.
their own investment companies would profit from purchase of the bonds. In other words, the railroad voted to issue $28,483,000 of bortds through Kuhn, Loeb, despite the fact that Halsey, Stuart of Chicago and-Otis and Co. of Cleveland were ready to buy the bonds at par, which, they declared, would save the railroad about $580,000. However, the Pennsylvania directors voted to get less money for the bonds. If the railroad got less money, the financial houses who bought the bonds would have to pay less. It Was a better buy for them. And nine Pennsylvania directors—a majority—serve as directors or executives of investment houses or other concerns which' are interested in purchasing “bargain” bonds. Here is the line-up: 1. The Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co. was scheduled to buy $1,000,000 of bonds through Kuhn, Loeb. It has six of its directors on the board of the Pennsylvania Railroad: Thomas Newhall, James E. Gowan, T. S. Gates, L. T. Bdale, M. W. Clement( who is president of the railroad') and R. T. McCracken. 2. The Mellon Securities Corp. was scheduled to buy $1,700,000 of the new bond issue. R. K. Mellon, nephew of the late Secretary of the Treasury, is a director of the Pennsylvania and also 50 per cent owner of Mellon securities. 3. The Girard Trust Co. is scheduled to take $305,000 of the new bond issue, and four of its officials also are directors of the Pennsylvania: James E. Gowan, President of Girard; M. W. Clement, C. J. Ingersoll and W. S. Franklin. 4. The Prudential Insurance Co. is scheduled to take $2,395,000 of the new issue. Its president, Franklin D’Olier, is also a director of the Pennsylvania. These interested directors accepted the Kuhii, Loeb bid proposal without competitive bidding and despite the fact that Halsey, Stuart and Otis and Co. were offering a better price. Now the Interestate Comimerce Commission is de- . liberating as to whether the Kuhn, Loeb deal should be set aside. Upon the outcome depends the whole question of whether the competitive bidding reforms proposed by FDR back in the New Deal days will be adopted by the railroads or dropped like a hot potato. NOTE—Prudential, Penn Mutual and Girard Trust stood to make about $1 on every $100 worth of Pennsylvania bonds they bought. But the Mellon Securities Corporation, Of which Col. Dick Mellon and his sister aye sole owners, stood to make $2.50 on each $100, because the Mellon company would get a commission as part of the selling group and also as a subunderwriter. In other words. Col. Mellon, as a director of the Pennsylvania RR, was in a position where he could vote to benefit himself and sister to the tune of $42,500, partly at the expense of the railroad. Rationing Merry-Go-Round Chairman of the Consumer Price Committee on the Ridgefield, Conn., rationing board is Geraldine Farrar, famous opera singer. . . . In Malden, Mass., a young woman telephoned the ration board chairman, and said, “My boy friend and I plan to be married in the fall, and what I want to know is how we can keep Warm in our new apartment.” ... As a long line formed in the offices of the Belmont, Mass., rationing board, a good-natured citizen asked if there was any place whei-e he could plug in his electric razor, to shave himself while waiting. . . . Three retired millionaires run the rationing board in Newport, R. I., paying the rent for" the board’s, headquarters, and working from 8 a, m. to 6 p. m. They report that John Q. Public gives them no trouble, but “most of the headaches are caused by arrogant wives of Navy officers.” \ Rudolph Halley, counsel for the special Senate Committee to investigate gasoline and fuel-oil, wrote a hot report recommending that OPA be shorn of power over rationing. Interesting fact: Last winter, Halley, had his fuel oil ration cut so sharply that he was forced to convert to coal, • (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) SbupaL Capt. Edward C. Thoma . . . of the Civil Engineering staff, who has been on leave of absence from the University for nearly two years, has returned to Camp Hood after a visit here' to await assignment to new duties. He recently completed a three month-s’ course at a tank destroyer.school.
» GRINANDr
“No, no, Estelle—your father’s statement about a wolf being at our door was merely a financial term.”
Capf. Mayfield Dies In Latin-American War Area, July 6 Capt. Frederick A. Mayfield, Jr., a University gi’aduate in 1940 in aeronautical engineering and a flying officer in the feiTy command, died July 6 “in the Latin American area”, according to an announcement received by his family from the adjutant general’s office. He had been chief liaison officer of the ferry command in the Latin American area since May with headquarters at Natal, Brazil. Just four days before his death, he had written a letter to his parents. Mi-, and Mrs. P. A.-Mayfield of Akron, Ohio, stating that he was “feeling wonderful and still working hard.” Ferrying Bombers To Cairo Previous to his taking his position as chief liasion officer, he had been ferrying bomhers to Cairo, Bombay and London. While at the University, he was a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity and was one of the first group of students to complete the civil aeronautics student pilot (raining course. He reeeived his wings in October, 1941, and was promoted to captain last January. Placement Notes For Women The Civil Service Commission at Washington, D. C. announces positions at the National Bureau of Standards at Washington, D. C. for technical aides in quai-tz crystals (Trainees) at $1620 per year plus over-time pay. Persons interested in this may receive further information at Placement Service for Women (2955). —Irene Feldt, Director. WAR PAINT: The louder the guns roar, the more lipstick and rouge the ladies use-^at least in the U. S. A. Since the first bomb dropped in 1939, the saffis of cosmetics have jumped up 40 per cent. (Here come the tanks, Myrtle—pardon me while I do my face.) Try An Exponent Classified!
9n^ JhsL
St. John’s Episcopal Church 6th & Ferry St. Lafayette, Ind. Rev. Thornton, pastor 8—Communion 9:45—“The Lord’s Prayer”— Choir of girls. Rev. Reese P’. Thornton, pastor.
University Presbyterian Church North Street near Grant John W. I’indley, Minister 9:30-.-Discussion Group under the leadership of Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:30—Morning Worship: Sermon theme, “Keeping the Faith”. The choir will sing, “God Is A Spirit” by Bennett. 6—Sunday Evening Club. Following supper, Dr. Lanezos will lead a discussion on “Education vs. Technical Training.”
Two University of Michigan pub;lications Were taken qvei‘ by women recently. And there will only be two men students who will return to their positions on one of thb papers. We wonder how much they’ll have to say aboliit anything now. ErP— University of Washington held their traditional rite of Senior Week which is ivy planting. This custom has been standing at the University for forty years. Senior representatives each year put their hands on the same spade used in the first ceremony which bears the numerals of each succeeding class which has planted the vine. ■ ■ ' —E-P— U of New Hampshire will really have to start from scratch if they want a football team. It seems as though all 27 lettermen from the 1942 team are in the armed services or enrolled' in one of the reserve corps soon to go on active duty. Some one’s bound to get the lucky break. -E-P-^ ■ One of the organizations on Ohio ■State University campus is sponsoring a drive for the purchase of an Ai'i^ny jeep. Soon we.may hear of a drive for one of the Army’s “ducks”. ■_E-P— From the Akron Buchtelite we have the following bit of news: “Man’s concept of women has changed with the length of dresses but mothers still receive pretty decent treatment at the hapds of civilizationi According to a poll taken
at Northw:estern, nine-tenths of the students .believe th^t if they are women, people shpuld be/come mothers. From this coinprehensive study it may be. epnejuded that jn ppstwar recpnstrhctipn, mothers ■will be needed, , . ■—E-P— ' Students at, the University of Washington find themselves With an increase in night campus activity and a decrease in available lamp posts. 'The engineers will have to be contented with; one lamp to light their rocky path, whereas, those attending night lectures will obtain an efficient lighting system. —E-P-—■ ■■ Coeds at the University of Michigan are now joining the Michigan Land Army of ground oreW workers. The jobs are open to those coeds interested in maintaining: th® appearance of the campus, and in. getting healthful outdoor exercise while earning sixty cents an hour. The gals are required to weal- blue jeans and shirts and may work as much or as little as they desii’e. . -E-P— . The athletic department of the University of Wisconsin has sent motion pictures of the WisconsinOhio State and Wisconsin-Minne-sota football games of last fall to soldiers and sailors in the Southwest Pacific area. Our sympathygoes with the boys from the nonvictoripus team. TRY AN EXPONENT , CLASSIFIED '
mw
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:15 P. M
Tickets on Sale 10:30 P. M. The Story That Dared Hot f Be Told Before Pearl Harbor! This girl’s I; daring thwarted % the Japs!;
EDWARD CIANNELLI • WALTER KINGSFORD —ADMISSION— Nights, Sundays and Holidays....35c Week Day Matinees 25c Children 10c plus tax
ARC
COOL V/ASHED AIR
SUNDAY - MONDAY
look Who’s Here, Agom!
with a host of other radi(^.stars! ^ —- and T-v
— ALSO — "AIR CREW" Don't miss this great aviation subject. .
— LAST TIMES TODAY — "RANGERS TAKE OVER" 'BOOGIE MAN WILL GET YOU" "G-MFN vs. BLACK DRAGOtl"
Starts TOMORROW
t4i« cOilt fAv liifA. In
HELEN walker Mabel Paige'Sheldon Leonard'Marie McDonald
/ PLUS—SECOND HIT THE sEASors MOST Wacky, HILARIOUS, ROM'AHTIC RIOT!
RAiGE VERA um WALTEH CATLETT
LAST TIMES TODAY
— PLUS — REX WILLIAMS BILL HENRY — in — 'FALSE FACES'
MARS
IT'S THE FHN SORPBISE SENSATION OF THE YEAR! She got their dMfographs. in
See the stare aa they really are! The itrsldh staryl A grand new Idea in enthitelnment!
evnsr (In order of their oppeoranee)i
LANA TURNER GREER GARSON WALTER PIDGEQN ROBERT TAYLOR WILLIAM POWELL
Starting TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY ‘vr:
. ■
■ ii.
m
Xis I
!Army^
Marine. News
t
SmJturd&y^ fmy 17, . 1943^
Fair Men, .By Service Men
Navy School Picks
yilf
T^iial S&lor Bdf {Picked the typical sailor at the University Naval Training School was John Thomas McDermott, North Philadel{Jaia Irish-American boy, sent-here following boot training to study for petty officer rating as electrician’s mate 3/c. The 18-year-old' former high school student has been awarded his prep school diploma by « proxy, having enlisted several from home and had never seen the weeks before graduation time, great flat prairie lands that roll Selected because he was a north and west from Lafayette. He section leader because he a little homesick at first but the section ieaaer, oecause ne routine in the Naval Training ranked scholastically in the school left Jiim little time to think upper third of his company and be- of anything' but his job.
cause he was rated by his superior
officers as prospective officer material, McDermott is typical of the healthy, husky, clean-cut, youngsters now busy learning the impor-
McDermott had had his little circle of friends back home in Philadelphia, most of them natives of his own neighborhood, but like the mul-
tant tasks necessary to keep Uncle titude of youngmennowinthe serve )_ • . j • j. ■ ice, he became acquainted with boys S^m s giant armada in trim. ’ ^ •’
Completing Course
fiom every nook and corner of America, all drawn together at this
McDermott is completing his 16 and other training stations to speweeks’ intensified course in the op- cialize on the technical duties neceration and maintenance of marine essary to keep the marine electrical electrical equipment this week and equipment functioning, will be eligible for either advanced And these young sailors will find training or active sea duty. their assignments as important as Picked as a prospective ship’s the pilots in the air or the gunners electiician, not because of a back- in the tanks or the soldiers on the ground of electiical experience, but ground and although they may go because he measured up to the high through battles unheralded and standards of a senes of navy apti- emerge undecorated and unsung, tude tests, McDermott is the prod- they know their job is to keep the uct of an efficient and high-geared light of freedom burning and the war-time sifting process bjuwhich high seas free,
the navy finds the right man for the
job with a minimum of difficulty. McDermott’s only background included going to high school and grade school and working part-time as a truck driver’s helper. Now, in a brief apaii of weeks he is r^eady for an important assignment with America’s fleet. Chosen For Series of Phptos McDermott, as a typical sailor, was chosen as the subject for a series of photographs showing activities in one day’s life of a sailor on the University campus. Described as short of stature, blond, blue-eyed, modest and a little shy, McDermott was popular among his mates here, but was serious and conscientious about his duties. Seldom out of his native Philadelphia, he hg.d ngyer been aiyay
Moving? Civilian students who have changed their local places of residence during the last few weeks are requested to call at the Registrar’s office. Goldsmith’s office, and the Personnel Service on the ground floor of the Executive Building and give their new ad-
dress.
Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. Goldsmith, Dean of Men L. Cason, Personnel Service f \ Notice \ Subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have moved in the last few days please, call at the Engineer office in the Union and have address changed. —J, T, KIMBREhl., .
Twenty Navy Fliers Compile ? At FHifit Twepty-three , N/vy '^iers who have been receiving training at the flight instructor’s school at the University airport for the past seven months held their farewell supper at Lincoln Lodge last night. They will report to Chicago, Monday at the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Course Brartch, where orders from Washington will direct them to their future training in Dallas, Texas. There chey will spend approximately 3 weeks in special training, and then will proceed to New Orleans Naval Air station where after two weeks or so they will receive their Navy Wings of Gold. Ferry Command Following this, it is expected that some will be assigned to the ferry command, some to Primary flight schools and some to the Navy. The men comprise the first group to complete the prescribed course at the school. Each member has had in the neighborhood of 200 hours flying time, and all were experienced flyers before reporting to the school. Group Members Men making up the group are, Lt. R. C. Norton, Lt. W. Butler, Lt. T. W. Combs, Lt. G. W. Hart, Lt. (j.g.) R. McDonald, Ensign Stegel, Lt. (j.g.) D. Lindburg, Lt. (j.g.) P. Gooch, Lt. (j.g.) W. R. O’Halloran, Ensign E. Reece, Ensign, L. Reetz, Lt. (j.g.) B. Price, Lt. M. Gillis, Ensign C. Permut, Ensign L. Pope, Lt. (j.g.) B. B. Miller, Lt. (j.g.) G. Henderson, Ensign F. LaPoint, Lt. (j.g.) G. Clemson, Ensign L. Vanlehn. Ensign B. Kirkpatrick. Lt. Comdr. E. G. Vetter, head of the school, was in charge of the occasion. Notice All students who are interested in 22 caliber rifle practice are urged to repor^ to Room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 4 Monday, July 19. It will be possible to hold practice after 4 p. m. Monday through Friday. —M. L. CLEVETT
Church Groups Offer FacHities 7 ’ A’ ^ To Servicemen Army and Navy men still at loose ends and even those who feel by now that their adjustment is just about complete—can do a lot worse than look into any one of the religious foundations in town. They go far toward fulfilling the traditional functions of the chaplain in a fixed military establishment, but they go much further— and in a direction that would seem made to order for the average G.I. Long before the army and navy came to Lafayette, local religious groups here were thinking in terms of the peculiar needs of a large coeducational body of young people, intelligient, but nevertheless frequently bewildered by a strange environment. Atmosphere Like Home The foundations were the answer. With their keynote fellowship, they provided an atmosphere not too far removed from wjjatever these young people had left behind them and at the same time brought them an opportunity for new friendships with the kind of people they would
Naval Company Graduates
have liked at home.
ONLY A FEW MOlRE FOR SALE! Don’t Miss Your Last Chance! ORDER YOUR DEBRIS $5.00 TODAY $5.00 Mailed Anywhere in U. S. 25c Extra
And the problems of young soldiers and sailors coming to the University from Muncie or Newark or Philadelphia being not too far removed from those of a new student here from these communities, the fellowships serve the former just as well as they do the latter. Hours Adapted To Curfews So closely are the two related, in fact, that only one change has been necessary, and this the foundations have made. Programs are so arranged as to permit service men ample time to get hack to their rooms before the various curfews. In each of these foundations, stress is laid on cultural and social needs of the people invited to it. Each is an affiliate of a religious demonination, but each has, too, a program of weekly programs, suppers, picnics and outings, and its always available reading rooms, and game rooms. Counsel is available, too—but it won’t be forced on you if you don’t want it. Two Groups On Sheets Street Typical of the fellowships are the Wesley Foundation and the Hillel Foundation, both on Sheets St. just off the campus, and the Westminster Foundation of the University Presbyterian Church. The first named group has a handsome corner building, always kept open. There are a reading room, and facilities for ping pong and badminton—not to mention three pianos. There are planned recreation meetings Friday nights and discussion meetings on Sundays. Sunday nights there are suppers. Members of all creeds are welcome. Hillel Foundation Always Open The Hillel Foundation next door, planned primarily for Jewish students but open to all, offers very similar facilities. Sunday is apparently a more organized day, what with a meeting and supper, but the foundation is always open and students—and army and navy men— are always welcome in. Similar arrangements have been made by almost every religious affiliation in town. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
ASTP Will Accept Shoes; Delay Bo^ Salvage For Month Because of the difficulty surrounding the distribution of books, salvage for the ASTP men will not be accepted for at least a month it was announced today by S/Sgt. Dillman, Supply Sergeant for the lB46th SeSU. The repair and salvaging of shoes is the exception. Soldiers in Cary Hall may hand in their shoes anytime during the day to Sgt. Dillman on the fourth floor. The men at the various fraternity hquses may leave their shoes in their orderly rooms where they will be picked up. Shoes handed in must be scrubbed, have the laces removed and be tagged with the man’s name, address and size and width of shoe. These shoes are sent to Ft. Benjamin Harrison where it will be decided whether they are to be repaired or salvaged. Despite the absence of a PX to facilitate matters, the supply room is still offering suntans for those who wish to buy extra sets. Shirts are $2.40 each, trousers $2.90 while towels may be purchased for 40c. Sorority Pins Scare Soldiers The uninitiated service men on the campus are often frightened away from the coeds by the sight of that little pin which so many of the girls wear. Soldiers especially do not know that the pin may mean very little; instead they figure that the ydung lady is quite well satisfied with her present company and that any further friendships are extraneous. Pins are so small and^the greek letters mean so little that a sorority pin is not usually differentiated from one formerly belonging to a fraternity man. Rather than find out what’s what, some of the service men just forget the whole idea. Interested coeds may solve this problem by explaining to the newcomers just what the little gadget means. They may also flash them as a defense against further social drivel. Interested service men should inquire into the meanings of the ornaments before they begin to feel frustrated. "o Acacia . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Venerable Dean, Paul T. Homsher; Senior Dean, Robert E. Fischer; Secretary, Robert G. Young; Treasurer, Neil S. Tuefel; Junior Dean, Robert E. Blue; Sentinel, Donald W. Baughman; Triad Correspondent, Wayne K. Price.
Moore, Johnson Receive Special Recogrwtion Awards. Members of the Eleventh Company of the U. S. Naval ing School here at the University went through gra4uaif0n exercises upon completing their 16-week training perio4 Ihst Thursday evening. From here some will go to other schools to continue their training while the rest will go to joint the fleet in action, - At the time of graduation the Eleventh Company consisted , of nearly 200 men. The Com-'
pany Commander, Lt, J, H. Russell, opened the Ixrogram with a few words of congratulation to the men for their success in completing the prescribed
course.
James E. Jackson, representing the 11th Company, expressed his and his shipmates appreciation for the training received here at the
University.
Special Awards
Lt. Russell presented the special
, awards to the student with the. mander William H. Brockman, Jr., ^^e
who has been thrice decorated by deserving,
the President of the United States for service with the Pacific fleet. Commander Brockman joined the
navy in 1923, when he received ap- , . ,
pointment to the naval academy at f student award went to
W. H. Brockman Will Inspect Naval School On Monday According to Cmdr. Hugh J. Bartley, commanding officer of the Naval Training Program, a distinguished visitor will inspect the naval training school on the campus Monday. He is Lieutenant-Com-
Austin L. Moore received the award for the highest index, having a 3.9 out of a possible 4. The most
Annapolis. He subsequently served as an instructor and officer at a number of naval stations and participated in the Nicaraguan cam-
John L. Jolmson.
Commander Hugh J. Bar^^, Commanding Officer of the School, spoke a few words to the
paign. After the outbreak of the before they received their ra^ war, he was placed in command of a certificates. Section leaders submarine squadron and received I’eceived the certificates for their the Navy Cross for sinking a Jap individual sections, aircraft carrier in the battle of The program was closed '^tb Midway. ' everyone standing to sing Anchors He was decorated for the third Aweigh while Company 11 marched
time late last month when he reLiberty for the men of the graduation class began at the close of the graduation exercises. ^ Orderlies Will Take Yank Subscriptions Subscriptions to “Yank”, the Army Weekly, are currently available to enlisted men through their battery orderly roops at 90 cents for 35 issues, almost half the regu-
la}" single issue price.
The paper, a well-illustrated and well-cartooned 24 page weekly, is edited by a group of Army men with professional writing and editing backgrounds, and all correspondents are service men. Staff members include Sgt. Marion Hargyove of “See Here, Private” fame, and regular features include the travels, of the Sad Sack and Dave Breger’s
cartoons.
The regular subscription price is one dollar for 35 issues, but 10 cents of this is ordinarily allocated to the subscriber’s company fund. There being no such funds at the University, the difference is passed back to the subscriber. This offer is available only to service men, and subscriptions naay not be entered for any civilians.
ceived the gold star “for extraordinary heroism in commanding submarine in Japanese-controlled waters”. In this action, he sank a destroyer, damaged a cruiser and a ten thousand-ton tanker and probably sank a transport and cargo ship. During his visit Monday, a dinner will be given in his honor. He will observe the work being conducted here in the training of more than 800 sailors in the Electrical School and 1,250 sailors and marines in the
V-12 program.
Schedule Of Events Saturday, July 17—8:30-11:30 P. M.—“Dance under the Stars”— Women’s Tennis Courts, (University St. near north end of campus). Sponsored by Associated Women
Students.
8:30-11:30 P. M. — Dance in North Ballroom of Memorial Union Building. Admission to couples only. Sponsored by Associated
Women Students.
8:30 P. M.—USO dance,—USO Lounge—6th & Perry St., Lafay-
ette, Ind.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Marine Tells Of Amusements That Are Available Around Lafayette
HEAR YEI HEAR YE! SDIDIEBS, SAILORS, MAHIMES, EDS, COEDS Get acquainted with YOUR Uniun. Drop over TDiAY and play a game nf BILLIARDS It’s the Coui Way to Spend Ynur Spare Time JJUL
The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
men.
Under the direction of Lt.
By Pvt. Richard McCarthy With two weeks of experience with Lafayette under their belts, V-12 Navy and Marine trainees have become well acquainted with most of the entertainment facilities the town possesses. But just in case some of them have parsed up a bet somewhere, the Exponent service page sums up the forms of amusement Lafayette offers . its new pophlation of service made for a show on Saturday, Aug.
7.
Local student talent will take the
,. , T o 1 stage to entertain service men when (Jg) L. Somers, welfare and University Playshop presents a
recreational officer, the Navy special performance of “The Man plans to offer a program of enter- Who Came To Dinner” next Satur-
tainmeilt every week for those ser- day night July 24 in Fowler Hall, vice men who prefer to remain on Admission to soldieis, sailors and the reservation over the week end. marines will be free. A recent movie with news and Variety Of Sports Offered
shorts will be a i egular weekly fea- Both spectator and participation ture every Friday night at the sports will be offered to seivice men
University Music Hall, and enter- students, according to present
tainment of other sorts will be pro- Navy plans. A piogram of intravided on campus on Saturdays and mm-al competition will go into ope-
Sundays. Social events similar to nation in the near future, and
the carnival and dances scheduled trainees already have access to Unitonight on the tennis courts and in veisity athletic facilities. In addithe north ballroom of the Memorial tjon to the swimming pool and ten-
Union tonight will be staged every nig courts, the 18 hole University
golf course, which Lt. Someis
Shows Once A Month chaiacteiizes as “tough and tricky” Featuiing the best in midwestern offers an excellent layout for stutalent, a series of musical shows dents to test their strokes upon, similar to the program put on last Golf clubs may be checked out at week will be presented in the Music the fieldhouse. Hall about once a month if trainee In downtown Lafayette the USO support indicates sufficient interest, center is open every night, and ofTentative plans have already been fers dancing on Wednesdays and
Saturdays. The regular Sa.turday night dance will be held at Jefferson high tonight, with the usual USO headquarters closed to service men tonight only. Dates will be provided at the dance at the high school. Park, Complete With Zoo New students have already discovered the downtown movie houses and bowling alleys, and most of them have visited Columbian ParhThe park, east of downtown, offers a variety of amusements, including a swimming pool, Sunday night baseball games, and dancing at the pool pavilion. Of course, there’s also a zoo. During the week the Purdue Memorial Union provides a number of facilities. For readers there m a biowsing ro.om, shelving man;^ of the latest books as well as familiar fiction and non-fiction. On SuHj^y from 3 to 5 in the music room oo the thiid floor, the world’s best music is available on records. liard and game rooms are on^^e first floor, with 15 bowling alleys m the basement. ’ » But even with these attractiosh close at hand a goodly share of Navy and Marine students probably “hit the sack”" during much of their free tinre on u^eh end liberty. It’s legal then and it’s of the best ways to forget all about that 2 to 4 watch the night before.^ ‘ f ' * , ‘1- > ■* ^"' V ■> ‘ r A’vfcf-^ ,>^ \4x. „^^‘' n^' y •* ' ’ r i' ' ^ £i 4. ‘•'^ l.y ii * ^ / .^ , t ^ ^ ' t . ^ ^ ^‘' » V/ (
li:
n»ge4
Purdue Exponent:
-Saturday, July 17, 1943^
Cecil Isbell Joins Boilermaker Coaching StaFI
the College All-Stars, 46 to 28. Professional Passing Champ For the last two seasons he has been recognized as the forward
Replaces Mel Taube As Backfield Mentor Cecil Isbell, Boilermaker gridiron star in 1935,1936 and 1937, has been signed as a new member of the Boilermaker football coaching staff. Isbell .will take over the duties of backfield coach formerly handled by Mel Taube, now on leave of absence to serve as a lieutena^it in the United States Naval Reserve. Announcement of the signing of Isbell was greeted with enthusiasm by Head Football
Coach Elmer Buniham, potential members of the 1943 Riveter football squad and alumni. In addition to his coaching duties, Isbell will also serve as an inSti’uctor in physical education. For the past five seasons Isbell has been one of the main-springs of the Green Bay Packers and is recognized as the ace forward passer in professional football. The former Texas high school star was elected as a member of the College All-Star squad in 1938 and promptly proceeded to “pitch” the collegians to a 28-16 victory over the Washing-
ton Redskins.
Won First All-Star Trophy As a result of his brilliant individual performance, he was awarded the first All-Star trophy by a vote of the sports writers attending the game. Following the collegiate game, the rubber-armed halfback who has likewise been an outstanding runner .and capable kicker, stepped right into the headlines as a member of the Green Bay
Packer squad.
In 1940 on the other side on the annual All-Star game at Soldier Field, Isbell passed for three touchdowns and scored a fourth on a run-
ning play as the Packers humbled near future.
Of Varied Style ^or Gunncry Training Fundamental plays run from va- Eight members of last winter’s Bluejacket basketball team rious formations now are being and an outstanding end from the 1942 championship football
IIUUC UX ttXl y IIJIUXC? XJC/IXCX jdt^Ci&VXlXt WC I j -t TT » •!._« X! T X? i. • close the issue there is one point that we would like to bring forth, and jfiaym’s a^^ach “Sl^^'''^®”’- have been detached from the Great Lakes Naval Tiain-
The Sports Wave
By Ray Smith
No Baseball Capf'am
It has been several weeks sinde ahy mention has been made concerning baseball, and it seems that it is too late in the semester to get the ball team together again even if games could be arranged, so we will give up hope of seeing any more Boilermaker baseball, this season. Before we
that is the fact that the diamondmen failed to elect a captain for the
season.
Let's Have An Honorary Ceptain
In past years, as in other sports, a captain was selected by the team at the end of the previous season, but due to war-time uncertainties last season’s squad failed to select a leader for the 1943 nine. Other teams
Madi- . 04- f
gan continues with the summer btatlon. „ - drills. The basketball players' were Gilbert Huffman, formerly of Among the players who have Tennessee’; Eddie Riska and George Sobek, Notre Dame; Forbeen noticeable in early drills are rest Sprowl and Charles CarBob Liddy, guard, Monticello, the egg, Purdue; Bob Dietz and rado; John'Hiller, Notre Dame;
only major “I” man; Bill Sangster, Schumacher Butler back; Dean Yanausch, tackle; and bcnumacner, ISUtier,. Dave Danner, end; Iowa City; Ger- ^hd Harold Hull, Maryville, aid Pepper, center, OBoone; Howard Mo., Teachers’ College. They Larson, Anamosa; Maurice Hage- received commissions aS en-
passmg champion of professional ... ,,, i..v. lij u i „ , XI .o x- 1 which continued through their schedules have always selected an honor-
football and was the first national x • x x, , j, x,
ary captain at the close of the season.
football league phsser to win the award twice. Last fall, in the forward passing department, he set new league records in yards gained, total completions and touchdown passes. He threw 24 touchdown passes in 11 games for the Packers last year, winding up a string of 23 straight games in which he had tossed one or more scoring aerials. For the 1942 season as a whole, the new Boilermaker assistant coach completed 146 passes out of 268 attempts for a total yardage of 2,021. He had a completion average of .545 and only 14 of his aiprial attempts were intercepted. Last fall, he was officially credited with one 73-yard pass that was good for a touchdown agaiqst the Chicago Cardinals, while in an all-star game on the Pacific coast a few years ago he was credited with a 98-yard pass. Isbell is expected to report for duty within the next few days. He expects to bring his family to Lafayette and establish a home in the
Doan OK's Elect-ion When consulted about the subject recently. Pop Doan, baseball mentor, said that he thought jt was a little late for an election, but he added that if the players want to get together and elect a captain it would be all right with him. That seems to leave it up to the players to get together and bestow the honor upon one of the many worthy candidates. Difficult For Team To Get Together Since some of the major letter winners are now on active duty with the navy and marines, it may difficult for all of the players to get in touch with each other. If the players will talk it over with each other to decide what will be done, the Exponent staff will be willing to help to make it known to the entire squad what plans are being made from time to time. Fordham Drops Foot-ball According to reports released in recent newspapers it seems that over 200 schools throughout the nation have 'decided to drop the game of football for the duration. Although the schools are located over the entire country, the majority Of them are eastern and southern colleges and universities. One of the most recent colleges to drop the sport from its program is the Boilermakers’ annual eastern rival, Fordham. Lack of manpower has caused the Rams to abandon the sport in which they have been so powerful for so many years. There is a large contingent of soldiers stationed at Foidham and Athletic Director Coffey announced that the sport would be resumed should the War Department decide to permit the soldiers to play.
Truman Committee Issues Reportio Havy On Manufacture Of Defective Engines Wright- Aeronautical Corporation Throws Light On ^DX Award To MGR Writer
Notices
How important and accurate a job Drew Pearson has been doing in reporting the inside facts of Washington is indicated by the recent Truman Committee report on defective airplane engines, etc., and by recent Justice Department indictments. These throw light on why Sigma Delta Chi gave the award for distinguished Washington correspondence to the MERRY-GO-ROUND.
gated the Wright scandal. Committee Confirms Friction
On July 10 the Truman Committee issued a lengthy report confirming in detail everything that Pearson had said, including the friction between the Wright Company and Government inspectors, and the re-
port of Lt. Gen. Knudsen.
On May 28 the Merry-Go-Round disclosed for the first time publicly
All Male Students: Interested in ushering for the Playbhop production, “The Man Who Came To Dinner*', on July 21, 22, 23—call 4269 between 1 and 5 p. m. and leave your name. —DELONG • Episcola Students: Service on Sunday,
August and December ME Graduates: If through August at the St, John’s
you want interviews with visiting com- Church, 6th and Ferry Sts., will start at 8 panics, get instruction sheets, “ifequest for with holy communion morn-
intervicw” cards, and company list in ME ttig seivice at 9:45, THORNTON
ofXice this week* —BOLZ ^ .
Triton: There will be a very important Eta Kappa Nu; Rough initiation will be meetinB Monday, July 19, 8 p. m. in the
Saturday, Julv 17. Actives please sign in EE office for the banquet Monday, July 19.
Omicron Nu: Initiation Saturday, July 17, PIA Members: Picnic July 24 at 2 p. Tn. at 5 p. m. at Dean Matthews’ home. Bring in Columbian Park. Picnic dinner and swim- dollar for dues. BEALL
ming Call oi leave message for James
Women’s gym for all members.
-BROWNE
Penile, 2670,
eBtty Jane Ribardy, 3471.
-PERILLE
Freshman Engineers: No meeting of BE 1 01 BE 2 on Saturday, July 17. —KNAPP International Relations Club: James S. Y. Chou w^ll speak at the next meeting of the club Tuesday, July 20, at 7 .30 p m in the lounge of the University Presbyterian Church His topic will be “The Effect of War In Rural China”. This is an open meeting. —NORD LINGER
Student Union: Those men assigned to this Saturday’s dance, July 17, report to Union office at 1:45 and to tennis court at 11;15 p. m. —WOOLLING
As early as May 7 Pearson flatly that the Justice Department was contradicted the speech of Navy planning to indict the giant NationPress Relations Chief, Capt. Leland al Lead Company for conspiring
Lovett, who told the National News-
paper Promotion Association in New to control the production of straYork that the Navy was using heli- tegic war materials before Pearl copters to combat submarines. Pear- Harbor. This column named names,
son, on the .contrary, told how the pulled no punches. Navy not only had no helicoptei sin Lead Company.
use but did not even have a helicopter in its possession. He said that the Army, Coast Guard and Maritime Commission had been pushing the Navy for months to adopt helicoptei’s in the battle against the sub-
marine.
Highly Successful Test Again on May 14 the Merry-Go-Round exclusively told how the Navy finally had consented to a test of helicopter, which was highly suc-
cessful.
all-out production; jammed warehouses for some commodities, shocking shortages of others; and
with I. G. Farben and the Japanese would urge that all American labor
could not be brought to account for
the actions of one leader, etc. On June 21 the War Mobilization
Committee issued a report along
the lines of this prediction. On June 11 Pearson predicted
that Elmer Davis would go to England. This was spot news a few
hours later.
On June 8 Pearson revealed that
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main. Lafayette, Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds^ watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
good
Wanted—To rent, alto saxophone, condition. Call 76702. Buzz Haeger.
leen, Boone, backs; Charles Burkett, end, Independence; and Bill Moreland, guard, Leon. Turk Boxer Reports First foreigner on an Iowa football squad in many seasons is Ahmet M. Gokbora of Istanbul, Turkey, a champion amateur boxer. The 182-pounder M'ith big arms and shoulders and powerful legs knows nothing about football but wants to learn. He has the build for a guard or tackle. Gokbora is a 23-year old sophomore, majoring iq economies and political science. On the squad of 38 players, all are from Iowa except the Turk and John Stewart of St. Petersburg, Fla. Just half of the candidates are only 17 years old, and only seven are 20 or over. Weights range from 145 to 220, with the average being 180 pounds. Bill Barbour of Mason City, starting right end in four 1942 games and a full-timer against Indiana and Purdue, has reported that he will return in September, planning to enter the medical college in January as a member of the naval reserve. WRH Retains Lead In Student Union War Stamp Drive Since the contest was started, Student Union reports the following total sales of War Stamps; Women’s Residence Halls $95.65 Phi Gamma Delta 17.75 Pi Kappa Alpha 11.75 Alpha Chi Omega 7.55 In order of their standing as to stamps bought by each group: Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Mu, Theta Tau, Kappa Alpha Theta, Delta Gamma, Tau Epsilon Phi, Triangle, Theta Chi, Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Chi Omega, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Phi Delta Theta and Theta Zi.
signs and Reported to an eastern gunnery school. Hickey, Gridder, Leaves Howard (Red) Hickey, ex-Uni-versity of Arkansas star, became the 34th member from last fall’s football squad to depart from Great Lakes. Hickey was rated as one of the greatest ends in the Southwest Conference in 1940 and he starred with the Cleveland Rams of the National Football League before his enlistment in the Navy. The departure of the eight basketball players brought the total of detachments from the 1943 team to 15. The, seven othei's who left several weeks ago were Dick Klein, Northwestern; Forrest Anderson, Stanford; George Hamburg, Colo-
Hiller,
Chester Aubuchon, Michigan State; John Hofmann, Long Island University, and Fred Nimz, Stevens Point, Wis., Teachers’ College. Sprowl Scored 187 Points Riska, whose home is in Chicago, was the second highest individual scorer on the Bluejacket quintet which won 34 out of 37 games last winter. Riska scored 260 points. Sprowl, Sobok and Schumacher also were among the squad’s leading performers. Sprowl scored 187 points during the season, Sobek, 182, and Schumacher, 172 points.
Notice
Inter-fraternity Athletic Manager’s meeting in Room 104 of Fieldhoiise Monday, July 19, at
4:30 p. m.
—CLEVETT Buy War Bonds
is ■" ■4'
It’s G-Men against the Gestapo as George Raft and Sydney Greenstreet meet in “Background to Danger,” the Mars Theatre’s new adventure thriller of international murder, espionage and romance. The Warner Bros, picture starts its engagement at the Mars Theatre today.
On June 29 a Federal Grand Jury in New York indicted the National Lead Company for conspiring with Axis companies, as stated by the
Merry-Go-Round.
On June 2 the column told about following the Anti-Btrike Bill labor-
wastes in army kitchens and revealed that Miss Mary I. Barber from the Kellogg Company, Battle Creek, Mich., had been retained by the Army to improve kitchen economy. On June 16 Miss Barber’s
^ particularly ^
Col. H. F. Gregory, of the Air
Forces, who had helped to push the helicopter in the Navy. On July 10 the Truman Committee issued a scathing report on the Navy’s tardiness in using helicopters, which almost paraphrased the Mei'i-y-Go-Round, also citing Col. H. F. Gregory, and stating that the Navy was still waiting for the de-livei-y of one helicopter. (Pearson’s original story of May 7 brought protests fiom some newspaper executives who had listened to Capt. Lovett’s speech in New York, which was in flat contradiction with Pearson’s subsequent dis-
closures.)
Reveals Defective Engines On May 17 the Merry-Go-Round revealed foi the first time that airplane engines manufactured by the Wnght Aeronautical Corporation in Cincinnati had been discovered to be defective. Two Government inspector.s who objected vigorously to okaying defective engines had been transferred by the Wright Company, one of them being told not to set foot on Wright pro])erty again. In this and in a subsequent column of June 28 Peai'.son told how Lt. Geh. William Knudsen had attempted to whitewash the Wnght Company, and how the Ti uman Committee had vigorously taken issue with the Army on this point. The June 28 column disclosed a confidential and vigorous tiff between Senator Ferguson of Michigan and Col. William O’Dwyer, former Brooklyn prosecutor, who iiivesti-
story in many papers following an
Army announcement.
On June 29 the MERRY-GO-ROUND predicted that the Senate War Mobilization Committee would soon issue a report critical of the Administration for lack of policy, inogramming and organization for
had immediately launched plans to have every worker in the country register and become active politically in 1944. On June 11 C.I.O. President Murray announced plans to mobilize labor politically for 1944. This tally of newsbeats, of course, does not include the expose of the Elk Hills oil deal, or Pearson’s many stories on how Jesse Jones delayed the purchase of strategic materials, later aired publicly by the Vice President.
ROOMS The Easiest
RENT?
'I'his picluie ot Marta Linden and Edward Arnold, proud parents of Virginia Weidler in “The Youngest Profession,” starts Sunday at the Lafajette 'I’heatrc, could have been taken before and after the fun started rolling, 'I'he ball gathers momentum when Virginia and her friends begin hunting dow n famous movie actors and actresses for their precious autographs, including Laha Turner, Greer Ggrson, Walter Pidgeon, Robert ‘J’aylor and William Ihiwell, all of whom/appear in the M-G-M comedy.
Reach Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD in THE PURDUE EXPONENT
•tt