1 Purdue
Mtf
i Exponent
Volume 51« No. 136
Saturday, March 16, 1946
President Elliott Speaks To Fraternity Freshmen President's Council Will Present Banquet For Initiates Sunday At6PM . , Fraternity Intangibles, things you can see but cannot feel was the subject of President Elliott’s talk to pledges last evening in the north ballroom of the Union. This was the final in a series of three evening programs for Fraternity week sponsored by the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. Sunday evening at 6 o’clock the council will hold an initiation banquet. I^of. J. J. Davis, oi the entomology department, will preside a& toastmaster and will introduce Dean G. Herbert Smith, Dean of Men at DePauw Univ’ersity, who will speak on “A Badge of Distinction.”
Wearers O' Green ' To Gather Tonight For St. Pat's Mixer There’s bound to be a’wearin’ of the green at the Saint Pat’s Dance tonight in the south ballroom. Don Phillips, from Seymour, will play for the ^ance and for an hour’s swing session beginning at 7 o’clock. The theme of the evening’s entertainment will be carried out in the backdrop and band-fronts’ design which will be green shamrocks on white backgrounds. Dancing will begin at 9 o’clock and end at 12 and the admission will be $1.00.
Skull And Crescent Announce Pledging Of 34 Freshmen
President Elliott stresses five intangibles that every fraternity man should have instinctively or at least try to cultivate. The first of these is “Togetherness.” The qualities that further this are the ability to keep your temper, which will promote peace, quiet, and especially toleration and willingness to cooperate. The second important factor is “Trustworthiness.” About nine out of the ten failures are caused not by lack of ability but rather by the lack of trust, Elliott said. Every student owes a debt to the University and every pledge owes a debt to his fraternity and it is his duty to be thirfty with his time, cooperative in spirit and courteous in manner. “Taste” is the third intangible and is one upon which more emphasis should be placed than usually IS. Elliott stresses good taste in dress, courtesy, conduct and development of a cultured taste in entertainment. He emphasized that there is a definite trend in this dilection as shown by the fact that 200 people were willing to stand during the 100 minute program of the Indianapolis Symphony. President Elliott’s fourth and final point was honor, defined as “that which is left when you’re sure no one is looking.”
WAA, WSGA, YWCA Nominees Seek Board Of Control Positions
Boilermakers Coast To 50-34 Victory Over Invading Badger Tank Squad By Phil Johnson Garnering five firsts and breaking the existing record in the 400 yard relay race, the Boilermaker tank squad crushed the University of Wisconsin swimming team last night in the fieldhouse in the final dual meet of the season. The Riveter contingent, after making a slow start, took over the lead mid-way in the meet and were never again headed by the Badger invaders as they coasted to a 50-34 victory. Captain Johnny Graham, stellar
Candidates for offices in WSGA, YWCA and WAA will be guests of the three women’s residence halls Tuesday evening, March l9, at dinner. The old presidents of the organizations will present the nominees at an informal meeting in the lecreation room of north hall after the dinner. Final elections for positions on the YWCA, WSGA and WAA boards of control will be held Wednesday, March 20, from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the great hall of the Union. Any co-ed is eligible to vote in the WSGA elections upon presentation of her passport, only registered members of YWCA may participate in its voting, and only members of WAA are eligible to vote for its officers. <, YWCA Positions Nominees for YWCA boaid positions are: president, Ruth Bryant and Thelma Bugher; treasurer, Jane Julin and Jane Blind; secretary, Kathryn Long and Bonnie Swope. WSGA candidates are: president, Jane Black, Joyce Burnham, and Paula Zwierlein; treasurer, Mary Ellen Scarff; secretary, Mary Jean Hutchinson and Agnes McCullough;
Sig Nu s Down Theta Xi In Pajama Race; Kappa Sig Rhinies Win Annual Boat Race By Ole Allanson “One more step. Please God, just one more step before I die,” prayed the Sigma Nu and Theta Xi pledges during the final sprint of the annual pajama race between the two fraternities which was run off yesterday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock.
Some Boys
As it happened the Sigma Nu prayers were slightly more potent and the Sigma Nu pledges came in the winners by two points, winning the cup for the seventh time in the nine races which have been held since the affair was inaugurated in 1932.
Shotgun Starter
The fun began on the River Road in front of the Theta Xi house, to the tune of a shotgun. (No, the gun isn’t pointed that way. They’re sore enough already.) From there the pledges dashed down to the Kappa Alpha Theta house, up the sea of mud, inclined to a forty-five degree angle which passes as a front lawn, and around the house twice.
Forgetting?
At this time, the Thetas, forgetting their lady-like manners, entered into the spirit of the thing and tossed water from their rooftop. The pledges attempted to dodge the spray and finally emerged upon Littleton street and chased madly down to the Sigma Nu driveway. Sig Nus, 38 Pts. The winning team is gauged upon a point system in which the lowest score wins. Sigma Nu with second, third, sixth, seventh, ninth, and eleventh places had 38 points while Theta Xi collected 40 with fiist, fourth, fifth, eighth, tenth, and twelfth places.
“They’re off!!” It’s the 20th annual boat race between the Kappa Sigs and the Delta Upsilons. After tense moments filled with shouts of encouragement from the actives the rhinies of Kappa Sig managed to erk out a third consecutive and the eighteenth victory in the last twen-
ty years.
A model ship, the traveling aV?ard for the annual contest, will don the shelves of the Kappa Sig house for
the next year.
junior representative, Mary Ann Carpenter and Mary Jane Bird; sophomore representative, Helen Schickler and Florence Croll. WAA Nominees ^ \ Co-eds nominated for WAA offices are: president, Jane Fishleigh, Eileen Westover; vice president, Eleanor Harrison, Opal Blagrave; secretary, Katherine Ade, Mary Louise Laswell; treasurer, Marjorie Ward and Mary Pidgeon. All WAA members desiring positions on the council for next year are asked to fill out application blanks at the WAA office at once. Twenty other places on the council will be filled from the list of appli-
cations.
Howitzer Squads Complete Training In Competitive Drill Head Winning Crew Hauler And Kennedy Climaxing an intensive four week training period, eight gun squads composed of eight sophomores and two junior cadet officers competed for the title of Distinguish Howitzer Squad last night at 6 in the Armory. Squad G compiled a- total of 9oT83 points out of a possible 100 to win first place in the drill. The winning detail was headed by junior officers Lieutenant R. L. Hauter, executive, and Lieutenant M. H. Kennedy, assistant executive. The remainder of the squad consisted of sophomores, W. R. Farbar, gunner; C. S. Vanada, number 1; E, H. Tessmer, number 2f; J. H. Thomas, number 3; K. S. Kleinknecht, number 4; H. P. Evans, number 5; J. H. Iwan, number 6; S. F. Bradley, number 7; R. G. Kappel, driver. Gun Crew A, commanded by Lieutenants W. A. Kepner and Hall, came through the trials with a score of 87.14 points to capture second honors. Squad C, under the direction of Lieutenant V. A. Curtis and W. M. Dempster, slid into third place, a fraction of a point ahead of Lieutenants T. C. Nolan and A. P. Nesterberg’s squad F, with 85.95
to 85.43.
Boilermaker free style artist, completed his intercollegiate career last night as he led the winners to a victbry by outdistancing and leading the field to the tape in the 440 yard freestyle race. Graham has been defeated only once thife season ih hiS favorite event, having defeated many of the outstanding distance swimmers in the Mid-West. Riveter Coach Dick Papenguth, while commenting on Graham’s fine record, remarked, “Johnny is one of the finest swimmers which I have ever had the pfivilege to coach. He is grand boy and a fine swimmer.” Four other seniors completed their final year of varsity competition, Harris, Colby, Moller, and Abolin. Harris is a freestyle swimmer while the latter three are members of the water polo team. High point man of the evening was Boilermaker Dick Kratzer, who won victories in both the 100 and i 200 yard freestyle events and aiding the relay team to establish a new varsity record in the 400 yard meet finale. The Wisconsin medley relay team openqd hostilities by easily winning the 300 yard event. The Boilermaker swimmers immediately tied the score by a first and third in the 220 yard freestyle event. Gerlack put the Badgers back into the lead by winning the blue ribbon in the 50 yard freestyle dash, although the race was climaxed by a near blanket finish witL Riveter Herr ending a close second. Briggs and Farkas made a' clean sweep of the low board diving event to give the Boilermakers a lead from which they were never replaced. Riveters Herr, Branner, Smith, and Kratzer provided a thrilling climax for the meet by establishing a new varsity record in the 400 yard freestyle relay. The Boil-
Four Men Receive 6.5 Semester Index Students who made a 6.50 scholastic index for the past semester are: Stanley Hiram Munger, sophomore Chemical Engineering, Fort Wayne; Francis Edward Reese, junior Chemical Engineering, Logansport; Edward Noble Stiver, senior Forestry, Loganspoyt; and Francis Jdseph Woodsmall, senior Civil Engineering, Marshall, Mo.
ermaker quartet nipped seventenths of a second off of the previous record when they completed the distance in 3:50.3 minutes. The complete summary of the meet: 300 Yard Medley Relay—^Won by ^Wisconsin (Poehle, Ristow, Vopal). Time—3:10.6. 220 Yard Freestyle—^Won by Kratzer, P; Frank, W, second; Graham, P, third. Time—2:22.2. 50 Yaj:d Freestyle—^Won by Gerlack, W; Herr P, second; Vopal, W, third. Time—:25.3. Low Board Diving—^Won by Briggs, P; Farkas, P, second; Frazee, W, third. 100 Yard Freestyle—^Won by Kratzer, P; Herr, P, second; Gerlack, W, third. Time—:56. 150 Yard Backstroke—Won by Poehle, W; McCready, P, second; Anderson, P, third. Time—^1:49. 200 Yard Breaststroke—Won by Ristow, W; Tingley, P, second; Frank, P, third. Time—2:38.7. 440 Yard Freestyle—Won by Graham, P; Prank, W, second; Harris, P, third. Time—5:19. 400 Yard Relay—Won by Purdue (Herr, Branner, Smith, Kratzer). Time—3:50.3 (New varsity record. Previous time, 3:51).
Stage Crew Of Varsity Show Must Solve Intricate Scenery Construction Tasks
By Jim Purcell
With “Seventh Heaven” past and water under the bridge, those inclined toward “drama” production are hard at work on the next big show of the campus. Varsity Show of 1940. In particular, even now, a month before the opening night, thq stage crew is d?ep in the sweat of production.
The other staffs and crews of production (dancing and singing choruses, and actors) can’t be neglected, but when it comes to actual physical work and engineering ingenuity
Fraternrty Week Is Fun For Pledge - - But
Meeting
... of the Central States’ Plant Board will take place at the University Wednesday, March 20. The present status of the grasshopper research will be the topic of dis-
By a lowly pledge
What am I gettihg out of “Fraternity Week?” This question is not easy to answer. “Fraternity V[eek” IS not easy to take. I don’t mean that it’s getting me down. It is just a grand old-fashioned mixture of horseplay and education with em-
phasis on the former. Pledges Must Play
Until this time in my life, I have believed in the doctrine, “All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.” In an effort to prevent this evil, as connected with studying, ye high and mighty actives have taken the situation in hand. As a result, I have learned how to sleep in class without making myself very noticeable
and without waking up with a stiff neck. It makes an extremely favorable impression on the professors and instructors. All Succeed “Fraternity Week” doesn't consist entirely of the pledge’s making an attempt, and succeeding in, playing the fool. There is some enjoyment to be derived from watching other fellow-pledges go through their antics. I get a laugh every time I see some beautiful co-ed, (yes^ we have a few) wearing black and white stockings, with her hair in pigtails, and carrying other paraphernalia to improve her appear-
ance. Don’t misunderstand me. I sympathize with her all right. Yes, we are having lectures in the Union each evening about fraternities and the University in general. Wednesday’s meeting proved very interesting. Various topics brought out in the talks were the relationship between fraternities and the University, the history of fraternities at Purdue, and some traditions and old-time personages around the campus. nl conclusion, I might say that “Fraternity Week” has given me very little, except training for my part on the other side of the fence next year . . . Praise, Allah! /
the scenery production and staging men rate the tops. “Non-realistic” Jack Miller, instructor in speech, who is supervising the set designing and costuming, says that (although he won’t give the actual settings and scenery “away”) the scenery will be definitely “non-real-istic.” That is, it won’t be surrealistic, by any means, but on the other hand it won’t be simply every-day, run-of-the-mill floors and dooi*^ Instead it will be “suggestive.”
60 In Cast
The interesting part really comes in when they start trying to put the settings onto the stage. That’s what calls for engineering ingenuity, for the settings must not only be easy on the eye but plenty stout, too. Then too, there are approximately 60 persons who will be involved in the dancing, singing, and acting casts who must be hopping around behind stage at one time or all
times.
Typical Couple Fly From U. of Michigan 450 Pairs Frolic To Pinky Tomlin Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, last night at the annual cotillion on the strokd of 11 o’clock formed the grand march led by Chairman Doug McDaniels, Phi Delt, and his date Zlottie Sieb, Alpha Chi. Immediately following they announced 34 pledges for the ensuing year. The pledges were chosen one from each fraternity and are listed as follows: Bill ^Buggies, Acacia; Bkn<ee Adams,^Alpha Chi Rho; Don" Stanley, Alpha Gamma Rho; Jim Meyer, Alpha Kappa Lambda; Joe Gregory, Alpha Sigma Phi; Howard , Burkholder, Alpha Tan Omega; AI Pastrick, Beta Sigma Psi; Arrold Farnsworth, Beta Theta Pi; Richard Ehle, Delta Chi; Curt Lenins, Delta Tau Delta; Bob Sedbnrger, Delta Upsilon; Bill Clark, Kappa Delta Rho; Jack Jackie, Kappa Sigma; Robert Stone, Lambda Chi Alpha; Jake Davis, Phi Delta Thetat; Jim SGver, Phi Gamma Delta; and Bob Angermer, Phi Kappa. Bill Fryback, Phi Kappa Tau; Bill Rider, Phi Kappa Psi; Dm Brophy, Phi Kappa Sigma; Ed Esping, Phi Sigma Kappa; Albert Duncan, Pi Kappa Alpha; Clark Armstrong, Pi Kappa Phi; Bob Ten Eyck, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Ted Novey, Sigma Alpha Mu; Dave Sayles, Sigma Chi; Ollie Allanson, Sigma Nu; Tom Peppier, Sigma Phi Epsilon; Albert Katz, Tau Epsilon Phi; Donald Groves, Tan Kappa Epsilon; Roy Coers, Theta Tau; Michael Papamanoli, Theta Chi; Mansfield, Theta Xi; and John Bruch, Triangle. ^ Four hundred and fifty couples attended the dance and frolicked to the strains of Pinky Tomlin and his orchestra. Flying in late yesterday afternoon from Michigan a typical couple representing the Wolverine state was Jim Kejioe, Delta Upsilon, and Beatrice Snoke, Kappa. The typical couple representing the University was Chuck Brandt, Phi Gam, and Virginia Diehl, Chi Omega. Del Martin Will Play For Pi Beta Phi Dance Pi Beta Phi sorority will give a formal dinner dance tomorrow night from 7:30 to 12 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. Actives, pledges and friends from out of town will be guests at the dinner. Bids for approximately 40O persons have been given out for the dance which will begin at 10 o’clock. Del Martin and his campus hand will furnish music for the dance and play between courses of the dinner . Decorations will be carried out in wine and blue. Pi Beta Phi colors, with a backdrop of wine color and the sorority pin placed in the middle of the backdrop. Wine and blue carnations and white candlesticks will be used on the tables which will be placed around the sides of the room. Wine leather programs will complete thp color scheme. Chaperons for the affair are Mrs. Cora B. Case, Pi Beta PM housemother; Dean Mary L. Matthews of" the Home Economics School; Professor and Mrs. H. M. Baldwin and Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. RoscoeHaas . . . and his Cary Hall orchestra will furnish the music for an open dance in the lower lounge of the northwest hall tonight from 9 to tS o’clock. Thor Nygren, the orches-tj-a’s singer, will entertain as vocalist. Refreshments will be served.'> * fi y^ V { <bai? ffiv r‘ r > V { > ^ ■" i 7 r
\ .
PUSDTJE EXPONENT
But
Incidentally
By Serge Comes the Revolution, and we have time to relax. We are going to get busy on our invention^ the negalamp. The laflip' tihat absorbs light iitetoad of giving it Out We have* the baste idea of ^e nogalantp worked’ out; all we need to do now is iron out the details. The negalamp is just the opposite of the regular lamp. The Closer you get to it the darker it gets, so that at the laihp itself there is a complete blackout, ^tbrst thouj^hf, pou’d thiftk that this Was a hard thiflg to achieve, wouldn’t you? It te. * m * The negalamp will be known as The Lamp of One Thm&iUitf tJses. Jitst think of the many places that are light, that would be better dark. The amateur photographer could’ devel<^ his films in the kitchen sink. All he would have to do would be to turn on the negalamp and fiood the room with darkness. Of course, if the sun were shining directly into the room, he mi^t have to use two or three negalamps to absorb all the light, but that’s neither here nor there. * * # potion picture theaters could be built with wide and airy windows, and the room could be darkened by dozens Of negalamps. Or hoW about negalamp flashlights, throwing a little cone of darkness here and there in the broad daylight?
BnainMli lI«iMC«r D. G. T«rrla, edltoriml dlnetort G. W. Fradarick, •cinr editor; B. M. Antonini, Mnior adTortiirinr mw». •for; G. Selillliiic, co<«d oditor; K. Jonkhw, aporta adltwr. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Ml 9$eotdl iAmm iMittii' At thA ptutt Ia LatoyMta, IwdlaiM. sndM' too mS of CMerata ad MasAii, 1S7S. and at Gm apaafaU Sata ad paatana paoridai dau in aaetlon IIM, act ad OetolMr S, MIT, mathorM JfamaiT Mb ma Fobliahad daOp aanapt Ibmddr dartpo tha ncalar aeadonte paar aad waddjr dariap tha BomaMor Waialnni DaUVared loeallp hr aarriar tut fS.to pap paar, auU aah^
AAripttoB $S>S0«
Represettted for BatioBal adrertiaiiiar ht MlttfaMal Ad^ ~ ~ ' M PttbUsheW Kiprceantaltrco,
vortiainK SerrMa^ too., ColUca Ptt 4M MMdlaon AVa.. Mdar YorK. N.
T.
AH nnaigiied aditoriala are writtaa bp tha editorial di> ^ Nipht Editor, Mlera Ass't. Night Editor, Poreall Dhp Editor, Enrtatield satnrddy, Mhreh Id, ISdiT.
We must confess, however, that the application that keeps returning ta ouT minds' is along other lines. Imago ine yourself with the gal in one of the Union’s many being and she-irtg places Which are just a bit public. All you have to do is Whip out yonr trasty negalamp and plug it m. It will straightway absorb all the light and there you are. In the dark. * * =it This leads us to the slogan which will put our sales campaign over With a bang. Buy a negalamp and< raise the great American standard of loving.
JonuMiOo 9n, Jhk. ChwudhsLL, Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church
6:0(1 a. m.—Sunrise Service and breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—^Roger Williams Club Clas. 10:35 a. m.—ChrUch Worship. Sermon, “The Seven Last Words of Jesus.” Palm Sunday music. “Palms” — Rosalind McClanahan, soprano; Woody Rifemburgh, violin obbligato. I Anthem, “Mystery of Intercession,” Stainer. 4:30 p. m.—^Purdue Religious Council Union Communion Service for all students at the Baptist Church. Students serving. Caroline Wood will be the soloist. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and Lunch. 7:00 p. m.—Choir directed by Richard Thornton will sing “The Crucifixion,” by Stainer. Soloists from Purdue choir assisting: Robert Caskey, Elmer Carlquist, Frank Franz, Alberta Schmadel, John Coster. Organist, George Osborn.
the Purdue Religious Council will be held on tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 p. m. in the West Lufayette Baptist Church. Baptist, Christian, Methodist, and Presb3d;erian groups are co-operatihg in the conduct of the service, and all other students are welcome to attend.
Methoi^st Students 7:15 a. m.—^Palm Sunday Sunrise Service. ’ 8:00 a. m.—^Palm Sunday Breakfast (10 cents). 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed class at the Wesley Poundation-^=feading of the story of Holy Week. 9:30 a. m.—Men’s Student classes. 1. Bible Class—taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. 2. Race Problems—“Jew and Christian”—Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Church Service — Dr. Steele will preach on “The Triumphant March.” 4:30 p. m.—United Communion Service at the Baptist. 5:15 p. m.—^Fellowship supper under the direction of Amy Meyers. (15 cent*) 6:30 p. m.—Epworth League—^at the Foundation. Rev. McFadden will speak on “The Meaning of the Cross.”
Presbyterian and Congregational Students Central Presbyterian Church. 9:30 a. m.—College class meets. Mr. Thomas will conduct discussion. 10:40 a. m.—Worship service. Dr. Graham preaching the sermon. Baptist Church, West Lafayette. 4:30 p. m.—Joint student communion service. Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St, W. L. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Forum. Supper will be served. 7:00 p. m.—^The guests speaker will be Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history and economics. All are invited.
Purdue Christian Foundation Palm Sunday Program First Christian Church 6th and North Sts., Laf. 5:30 a. m.—Sunrise Service at Happy Hollow. Sign up for breakfast by noon today. Leave from 126 Chauncey Ave. 9:30 a. m.—Student class. Hubert Resmolds teaching on “What Happened at Gethsemane?” 10:40 a. m.—Church Service. Doyle Mullen preaching on “Apparent Triumph,” the fourth sermon in
Education Department plans For Institute Plans for a foreman’s institute to be held here May 18 were outlined at a conference of representatives of various foreman training groups last Saturday, March 9, with Prof. R. J. Greenly of the Education and Applied Psychology department. Among the clubs cooperating with the University in planning the institute are the City Foreman’s Club of Indiana, the National Association of Foremen, the trade and industrial departments of the Indiana schools and the National Foreman Association affiliated with the YMCA. Professor Greenly and Prof. G. F. Buxton have been conducting training work for foremen for some >ears and have been in contact with most of the industries of the state for some time.
the series on “Experiments in Living.” 5:30 p. m.—Recreation for students before attending in a body the— 6:00 p. m.—Annual Sacrificial Service combined with the High School Choir musical service.
Episcopal Students Services at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry Sts. Palm Sunday. 8:00 a. m —Holy Communion and Blessing of Palms. 10:45 a. m.—Holy Communion (Choral) and Sermon. At the Memorial Union building. 6:45 p. m.—Prof Zufall on “Marijuana.”—Seabury Club.
Seen in the Sweet Shoppe, or “What some people do for publicity.”: Si^ns plaaterefl’ all over the place, i. e. “Bookie Giving 35 to 1' odds that the Mangold-Peet affair will turn out in the negative.” Mary Mangold just sat there with a very satisfied smile on her face, taking it ail in ... —B & B— It’S a dirty shame that the Chi O pledges have to walk around the campus looking so pitifully ugly in their attire. Wee don’t think there is any need to dress that way! —B & B— Forest “Big Boy” Weber has sown his oats, ’l^s said. He has boo n dating Charlette Lochmur for a long time, and of course everyone expects d a pin hanging. When he was^home, our big bad boy hung said pin on the gal back home, which leaves Lochner somplace . . . but where ? -—B & B—■ All the WRH girls are amazied at the technique in necking used by Don Powell and Peg Sharkey. 'These two lovebirds don’t bother to wait until the evening rolls aroimd to pitch their woo, but rather they spend their afternoons lovemaking in the former’s green car outside West Hall. Just because you’re older, Powell, and because the Shark IS plenty experienced is no reason why you should show off for the innocent WRH girls. —B & B— In case yoU missed seeing Nancy Cooper, Kappa pledge, you missed seeing the truth in a tangible form. “High School” MuJ’icy spent yesterday trucking around the campus with a fish tucked under one arm. This IS probably the first time that her fish didn’t follow her around on his own power. —B & B— The latest report on the new Marriage Course is that things are progressing rapidly. Jimmy “the Silent” Dean says that his research work in “Harry’s lab” is showing a bigger attendance every meeting. —B & B— FLASH! Day before yesterday inaugurated the opening of the new hangout, namely, the Coffee Shoppe (or the Snake Table). All ye joes and joesses looking for a quiet place to sleep, venture forth to the unknown and order the special meal . . . weaner on bun. By the way, there is one pretty nice waitress in the “anti-hambur-ger” joint—^which is another way of hinting that we (students) would like to have at least ONE out of the five eating places in the Union serve HAMBURGERS.
Annual united student communion service under the auspices of
ARC
Last Times Today >— W-
DONLEVY • BAR? ^ YERNON
CatliiMiyt. B<Ilnad!..Ct«Ui« Mi«ti..SaatUggsetiM£
— AUO«
Beat The Price Rise Take No Chances of Going Without d 1940 DEBRIS
Price Changes March 20th from $4.50 to $5.00
mo
0eb/uA,
ComfdsdA, ^amfujUL CoaoJiaqsL
Saturday, March 16, 1940 0*
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Byticlity
‘The grim happenings in Europe are forgotten today—all over the nation scenes; of deep emotion are enacted as Americans file their income tax returns V’
TUiwa By Mary Bailey Here it is—^the annoimcement of the basketball teams! Honorary, allstar, or varsity, take your pick. The Gold and the Black teams will play against each other on Wednesday, March 20, at 4 p. m. Co-eds on the Gold team are Jane Fishleigh, Barbara Ford, Betty Marvel, Caroline Britton, Eileen Westover, Martha Rosencrans, and Evelyn Waraplfer. Black team members are Martha Schroder,^ Georgia Walker, Sally Topping^' Opal Blagrave, Mary Pidgeon, Mary Smith, and Patsy McFarland. —^waa— Activity and excitement seem to be in the air for next Wednesday, because, in addition to the basketball game, finals will be held in the fencing, badminton, ping-pong, and tounraments give the co-eds a wonderful chance to show their individual skills. Here’s something to keep in mind if yon are in the gym on Wednesday. It is possible that there will be a canoe demonstration after the basketball game. With spring almost in the air, wouldn’t it be fun to learn to paddle a canoe? —^waa— The climax of this week’s activity will be the Winter Sports banquet to be held in the Home Economics cafeteria on Thursday, March 21, at 5:30 p. m. After Doctor Lillian Gilbreth speaks to the group, numerals and letters will be award-
Henry Busse
WBAA ll:00-^ust Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano 11:30—Buck Creek High School 12:00—The Woman Shopper 12:15—Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Semi-finals, Regional Tournament 7.45—Semi-finals, Regional Tournament ed to all of the girls who have earned them this year. As a special surprise, the Dance Club pledges will be announced. To top off an evening of food, fun, and frolic, the new WAA board members and officers of the organization will be installed.
MaiiI
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE Merry Mixture of Mirth and Mischief! Booth Tarkington's LITTLE ORVIE with JOHN SHEFFIELD ERNEST TRUEX
IT'S FIRST RUN B - — PLUST^: B
The Authetic Adventures of Unde Sam's Ace ManhuntersI SECRET SERVICE OF THE AIR with RONALD REGAN JOHN LITEL
HlllVWHIV h!WtH‘\M«(H HIY-'THIIT Ufil .[VtR^THlnCi
MIDNITE SHOW ONLY TONITE 11:30 ALL SEATS 35c
LUMA —SUNDAY - MONDAY
PLUS—2n<l Hitt
UST DAY—2 FEATURES JOHNNY MACK BROWN in "Riders of Pasco Basin" — ALSO — JONES FAMILY in "YOUNG AS YOU FEEL"
sr
! h! m
fsm
/
y
^ Saturday# March 16# 1940
^ytpomnL fiaufn
3
Pistol Team Downs Three Opponents In Posfol Meet Purdue’s varsity pistol team cpntinued to lengthen its string of victories by winning three more matches held last week with St. Bonaventure, Iowa State, and Penn State. The results were as-follows: Purdue, 1377; St. Bonaventure, 1302; Iowa Stete, 1258; Penn State, 1268. Becker continues to hold inojividual high with a score of 287. These matches are conducted hy mail, the individual teams shooting a. match and then mailing their scores to each of the respective schools with whom they are competing.
Lehigh University’s library has received a gift of 1,077 books, many of which are volun^es dating back to the 16th century.
University of Pittsburgh and the city of Pittsburgh are co-operating on a plan to train students in |rovernment service.
A University of Cincinnati scientist has developed a new method of effecting standardization of prihting inks.
STARTS SUNDAY Shore# an O'Boy sterous Hit with a McNifieent Cast is on its way to make you HOWL. ••i CHEERS FOR THE — WITH — PRISCILLA LANE THOMAS MITCHELL ALAN HALE —LAST TIMES TODAY—
"VouVe got cIms# baby... orhltbaeausal havan’l seen many damts^ lattly?
Joan
with
IAN HUNTER •PETER LORRE PAUL LUKAS • Eduaido CIANNELLI
I
EXTRA.
PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
5 DAYS Starling TODAY MAttS
Badminton Tourney Opens In Fieldhouse; Volleyball On Deck Play in the Inter-fratemity badminton doubles has started in the Fieldhouse, and soon the annual heated fratemily vtdiieyball eeason will get under way. The Inter-fratemity badminton league is gaining in interest with the passing of each season, the glame having been introduced into the intramural competition four years ago; since that time the Sigma Alphd Mus’ organization seems to have gained the edge in hitting the shuttle cock. Volleyball, an age old intramural ghme, will soon swing into action to be continued until ti few weeks after the spring recess. The Delta Chi team has for the past two seasons completely dominated the play in the volleyball league, defeating the favored Phi Delt’s last season and the Lambda Chi’s to cop the championship. Frosh Trackmen Show Abilities For Fresh Coach Freshman track coach Howard W. Wilkening has been putting his charges through their paces lately in order to determine to whom he will be able to make numeral awards. So far the following men have shown up well in practice, shown up well in practice. Jentch, Kemp, and Stanley have turned in good times in the halfmile. Longest and Kemp are good milers. In the two mile Coach Wilkening has Stanley and Appleton. Menchofer and McIntyre are good men in the 60 yard dash. McEachern has done well in the high jump. In the hurdles are Flickenger and Bailey. Haturp is an outstanding man in the broad jump.
Purdue CIndermen Enter Butler Relays Boileilnaker entries in the Butler relays will leave this noon for Indianapolis to compete for Indiana’s outstanding indoor track show. Coach Phillips has selected Tycocki,.Rankin, and Stroyeck for the hurdles, W. Gatdke mad Keim for the dashes, Edwards and Campbell for the pole vault, Shackleton, Wente, and Anthony for the mile relay, and Weber for the shot put. In addition to those named, Ed Holderman will probably run in the special mile-and-^-half invitation race, whose participants will include Greg Rice, former Notre Dame star, who recently ^shattered the world’s tvro-mile record. H this entry falls through, a medley team with Holderman as anchor man will
be entered.
Battle for the team trophy in the meet will probably center between Indiana and Michigan, with the Wolverines’ well-balanced champions opposed by the Crimson’s re-
lay strength.
The galaxy of nationally-known stars who are enfiries in the meet in addition to an outstanding collegiate representation should make the event one of the highlighting indoor shows during the current season. p Workshop Display Will Start Monday Second annual exhibition of the Puttering Room will be on display in the Music Room of the Union starting Monday, March 18, and will continue there until March 25,(Bob Parks, director of’the workshop, announced yesterday afternoon. Exhibits will consist of original work in any of the arts and crafts media finished since the first annual exhibition a year ago.
cJLeldiJim and
Jc
ounama
For Everyone comfortable sofas and chairs i convenient meeting places
excellent lighting
activities
controlled temperature your favorite broadcasts a congenial atmosphere
JhsL fiuhdjUSL
TyisumfiUdL lAmofL ] The Comer of the Campue^ Yet the Center of Activities
(flwiai Br Robert J. Deckard MUSING HOUR . . . We wonder if there is any truth to the idea that Wisconsin is just about to give Harry StuhIdreher, Badger football mentor, a spank to head him in the general direction of the door marked “exit.”
Tsk, tsk . . , and only last summer H. S. was selected by grid fans to be a member of the All-Star coaching staff that sent an all-star college eleven against the New York Giants, professional football chanjpions, —fc— ’Tis grand to see that Danny Fisher, senior Boilermaker basketeer and our nomination as a member of the Big Ten All-Star net five, was made captain and center of a Chicago newspaper team. —^fc— Probably the most ardent moviegoer on the Boilermaker athletic team is Jim Miller, Boilermaker footballer, who makes about every show that hits one of the two big theatres in Lafayette . . . Jim Welsch, another footballer, is ranked about second. ^ —^fc— Thanks to Merle Hagemeyer, junior gal on the Exponent ad staff, the correct first name of the Cincinnati Red’s pitcher VanderMeer is Johnny, and not Bob as we referred to him in a recent column. —^fc— While making amends,'we might bring up the fact that in a recent interview with Bob Igney, captainelect of the Purdue basketball squad, we were advised that he is Phi Sigma Kappa ... And then the old “devil” himself, an Expo junior editor, tossed away the last paragraph of that particular column, not divulging to our readers that Robert is a PSK . . . Sorry, Bob, and Phi Sigma Kappas. Entomologists Meet Here March 21,22
\
Nineteenth annual North Central States Entomologists’ Conference will meet at the University March 21 and 22. Plans for the conference are near completion, according to Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department. Over 300 entomologists are expected to attend the affair, which will include discussions of requested topics by leaders in this field. Also on the conference program is a half-day sectional meeting, at which time prominent commercial operators will participate. The president and several past presidents of the National Pest Control Association are expected to attend. General headquarters for the conference will be in the Union building, where all meetings will take place.
Mai Elward
. . . head football coach, will be the principal speaker at a banquet at Li^vington, 111., Tuesday, March 19. The banquet will be given in honor of the football and basketball teams of the Lovington Township High School.
Fehring Looks For Hitting Power As Riveters Prep Fdr Approaching Season
Strength in hitting power is the immediate early objective of Coach William “Dutch” Fehring as he grooms Purdue’s baseball hopefuls for the coming campaign which will be launched with a southern training trip during spring vacation. Although finding replacements for Capt. Jimmy Thompson, brilliant shortstop, and Tom Dickinson, ballhawk center fielder, are among the early worries, bolstering tiie hitting weakness that was evident last season as the Boilermakers broke even in the Big Ten campaign provides the main problem. No Injuries, Hope Fehring feels that barring injuries or form reversals the Boilermakers will be favored with good pitching and steady fielding, and in the early indoor drills in the fieldhouse has been concentrating on work in the batting cages in an effort to whet the hitting eyes of the squad. Although the eventual-makeup of the squad will not he determined until after the spring vacation jaunt to Florida and Alabama, the pitching staff is ejected to be headed by Bob Bailey, junior veteran, who had the second best earned run average in the Big Ten as a sophomore last season. Fehring is also working on Frank Danowski,_erstwhile first baseman, as a southpaw flinger. Don Bl^nhen, of basketball fame, is apparently the cream of the sophomore crop, while others who may take a regular turn include John Emmert, Emil NaAd», and Gerald Higgins, who has returned to school after a, year’s layoff. Catching Competition Backing up the hurling staff, Byron “Bud” Fisher, who won his spurs as a sophomore last season, will be the likely catching choice, although Elwood Yeager might possibly get the call. Sophomore prospects inclunde Kenneth Crawford, Mark Walton, and Ernest Young. Three infield spots are expected to be filled by veterans, while the shortstop post looks like a wide open battle between Bob Igney, reserve from last year, and a pair of sophomores, Douglas Beaty and Charles Rawles. Co - captain Felix Mackiewicz, who led the Big Ten in total bases as a sophomore and hit a .368 clip last season to lead the Boilermaker attack, looks like a permanent fixture at third base, with his main competition being provided by Keith Correll. Wayne Hearne, the other co-captain, a steady fielder, is slated for second base, where he will get support from Harry McFerren, a likely looking sophomore. At first base, rangy Frank Smithson apparently has a firm grasp on his old post, although James Ridgway ,a sophomore has aspirations. Outfield Problem With the exception of Dickinson, who will be missing in his center field post, the Boilermakers will be able to launch the season with a seasoned group-oof ball hawks. Major lettermen available include Martin “Bud” Stamm, John Vernon, and Dick Wargo, a dangerous hitter who was used as a hurler last season but will concentrate on outfield duties during the coming sea-
son. George Doherty and James Kurtz, minor lettermen, also have possibilities, while sophomores who are being given consideration include Charles Caress, Paul Mitcdiell, John Tierney, Wesley Waterbomie, and John Conrad. Fehring will be forced to push bis conditioning drills, for following the spring trip, the Boilermakers open their Big Ten campaign with two-game series against Iowa’s defending champions and Indiana's runner-ups, with an e:rinbition tilt with the Fittslmrgh Pzrabes here on April 12 sandwiched in between. The conq9lete^#Schedtile follows: March 26,26,27—U. S. Naval Air Station <At Pensacola, fla.) March 28, 29, 30—^At Alabama Polytechnic. April 6—^Wabash here. April 10, 11—^lowa here. April 12—^Pittsbur;^ Pirates, here. (Exhibition) April 16, 17—Findlay CoHegre, here. . April 19, 20—^At Indiana. April 23—^Butler here. April 26, 27—At Chicago. April 29—^At Notre Dame. May 3-4—Ohio State here. May 8—^At Wabash. IViay 10, 11—Illinois here. May 14—Notre Dame here. May 17, 18—At Michigan. May* 21—At Butler. May 24, 25—^Illinois Wesle3mn, here. ) Beers Given Trophy For Boxing Powers In Recent Carnival Jimmy Beers, 135 pound Boilermaker boxer was awarded the Pnrdue boxing award for exhibiting the boxing form and sportsmanship during the recent athletic carnival and boxing season, climaxed at the Lafayette Golden Gloves. Beers, is a member of Kappa Delta Rho fraternity, and a junior in the school of physical education. He hails from Hammond, where he took part in many ^amateur boxing^exhibitions before entering Purdue. He spent his sophomore year at the University of Illinois, but returned to Purdue this year. Beers went to the finals of the recent Lafayette Golden Gloves, but lost to Bob Mulvey of Lafayette in a decisioned match.
PIA
. . . will continue its series of Saturday afternoon tea dances today with an all request program from 3 to 5:30 o’clock in the south ballroom. Those attending the dance will be able to make a request for a song. When the request is received it will be written on a blackboard for all to see. Additional requests for the same song will be noted as votes. Numbers receiving the highest number of requests will be played.
Have we neglected to mention it lately? Crown Cleaned Clothes are Moth proofed by the Monite Process. All wool garments we clean are guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. ^
Laundry ■inlllllllf I
r~INE CLEANERS OF FINE CtOTMEfk
V'^ Cj^., T ^
ffMS 'X-' “ ’>
itsf I ' A
'* "'-•i '•"^ ,1'i.'f^> n* , •'» " , /' <■' . i '1' '^ ■* ’
I’i"!
i '',■.
;" "i: - .;i^^
k % .
PURDtTE EXPONENT
Scrturd(:iy, March 10, 1940
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOB SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standanl and pontable, sold, purchased, tented and repaired. New portable machines as low as f29 76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershefl, 605 Main street.
University Orchestra: Kehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for "Seven Last Words” are schedule as follows : Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2:00. Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS. M E 30: A make-up final for men receiving “C” grades in my divisions of M E SO last term will be given Saturday, March 16 at 1 p. m. in M E 118. —COPE. Purdue Student Alliance: Room 806 in the Union has been engaged for tneetings every Tuesday at 8 p. m. (3-16) —SMULEVTTZ.
Purdue Aero-Modelers: There will be a glider contest Sunday, March 17, at 1 p. m. in the fieldhouse. ’ —ARNOLD. Wesley Foundation: Sunrise service on Palm Sunday, March 17. Leave the Foundation House at 7 :16. Breakfast at 8 a. m. 10 cents Please sign up or call 6261 for reservations —McFADDEN.
Christian Science Organization: Impoiv tant business meeting will follow the regular meeting Tuesday, March 19, at 7:80 p. m, in room 308 of the Utaion. Election of officers will be held. All members are urged to be present —KNIPP.
All Students: Students desiring to attend the Purdue Christian Foundation Palm Sunday Sunrise Service at Happy Hqllow at 5-80 a m. should notify the undersigned (4893) by 1 p. m. Saturday, March 16. —REYNOLDS.
Exponent Seniors: pintier meeting Monday, Match 18, 5 p. m, at Sigma Nu house. —INSLBY.
Scabbard and Blade: Ilnportant official meeting Tuesday, March 19. Corps area Inspector to be there. —OLSON,
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Short but important meeting Tuesday, March 19) at 7 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistoy building. Please he prompt. —HALL, Ceres: Regular meeting on ^esday bight, March 19, at 7 p. m., in the Old Agriculturist office. Union building. There Will be a speaker. —BBtJNK. ' /
ip
student Washing—Special Price Gall for and deliver Work guaranteed Phone 7468
FOR RENT Rnsa—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all oocaaiom. Min. $2.60 ail night. Phone 71644.
Gimlet: Very important meeting at SPE house Tuesday, March 19. Selection of pledges will be discussed All members must be present. ' —FRAZEE
Roger Williams Club: Meet at the Baptist Church at 6 a. m. Sunday, March 17, for the sunrise service. Call Rev. J. B. Gleason for reservations to the breakfast before Saturday noon —FINDLEY.
LOST AND FOUND Found—^Parkette Pen Grant street near CE building Owner claim 245 Wood
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will report on Saturday, March 16, by schools as follows. Students whose names begin with: A-E, room 201 Civil Engineering Building; F-Le Room 101, Michael Golden Shops; Li-R, Room 254 Electrical Building; ^Z, Room 129 Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Notices
Na natieM will be aeespted uftar • ». m. Freshmen Distinguished Students: You naay obtain your 30 dollar refund from the cashier's office. —STONE
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 19, in room 264 of the EE Buiiding at 7:30 p. m. —PITCHER.
To Lutheran Students: A meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held in room 307 of the Union at 7 ;15 p. m., Monday, March 18. Members are especially requested to be present —HALL. Episcopal Students: Seabury club will meet in room 307 of the Union, Sunday night, March 17, at 6:45 p. m Prof. C. J. Zufall of the pharmacy school will talk on "Marihuana ” —LYLES. PEW 68 and 69: Meet Saturday, March 16, in the corrective room of the gym'as usual —KNKJHT.
BIB 31 Conditions: Elxamination will be held in room 301 of the MB building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to t^e this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28 —MESSERSMTTH.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday, March 18, m the PIA office, at 7 ’15 p. m. It is imperative that all members attend to receive final convention instructions —MYER
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates From noon March 22 to noon March 28 and April 1. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $5 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, March 16, at 7-30 p. m in room 263 of the Union —BACHARACH
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Wednesday, March 20, at 7 .46 p. m m room 263 of the Union Two speakers. Please come. —ESTEY.
Senior Tactics: Albert Smith Award problem advance sheet now in your box at the Armory. Plot this sitation on the map before your next class hour (3-18) —THOMPSON Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, March 18, 8 p m. in room 808. Pledges report at 8:30 —REILEY.
Only 9 Shopping Days Till Easter A Collection of 750 New SPRING SUITS with One and Two Trousers $19.75 $22''^5 $24-75 others $18.50 to $35.00 • Every Garment Carefully Hand Tailored. • Newest Single and Double Breasted. • Long Wearing Hard Finished Worsteds. • Smart Gabardines and Tweeds. • Rich, Colorful New Spring Shades. What a selection! Styles for conservative men, young men, college men, high school fellows! Sizes to fit most everybody. See them, you’ll agree they’re unmatched in value! KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC' Everything for a , College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK PR. HAROLD 1. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Dorne/s Flower Shop Qualify Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
We Congratulate the Distinguished Students
FRESHMEN AGRICULTURE ^Abernethy, Jas. Rupel (For) Clark, Rupert Edward Growl, Blaine W, Diesslin, Howard Gustav Donaldson, Elmer Leroy Edwards, Robert Curtis Faust, Richard Ahlvers (For) Jones, Robert Calvin Kohls, Richard Louis Norris, James Milbum Radcliffe, Byron Mason (For) Toppen, John Theodore ENGINEERING Adams, Bruce Edward Allwardt, Victor Lahnert * Armstrong, John Heffron Arnold, Alison Mansfield Ball, Richard Thomas Barta, David Donald Beard, Max Irvin Bennett, George Hayward Bock, John Joseph Brophy, Donald Thomas Burnside, William Keeling Cartmeil, Robert Root Clarke, Robert Haymond, Jr. Covert, James Lee Curry, Thomas Harvey Deiser, Elmer Elvin Elliott, Donald Norris Fisher, Kenneth Wilmer Frantz, Walter J. Goff, Merritt M. Hadley, Robert Lee Henriksen, Donald Otto Hubert, Alfred William Hudelson, George David Jackson, Alfred Lea Johnson, Edwin Warren Jones Clifford King Kieper, Edward Glenn Koerner, Warren Gottlieb Kolb, Roger Stockton Kottemann, Rudolph Ernest Lanius, James Curtis Lewiecki, Edward Michael Ling, Ku Sun Love, Sommers James Lowe, William Webb Lupke, Walter Herman, Jr. McDonald, Floyd Junior McDonald, Lewis Ambom McKee, Robert Morris Marozick, Norman Edw. Geo. Meier, Donald Walter Merrill, Harvie Martin Millard, William David Miller, George Joseph Million, Richard Eugene Minton, Stephen Arthur Neese, Alonzo Aldrich Orr, Robert William Pashley, John Hamilton Pier, Arthur Faber du Fauer Reed, Harry James Rider, William Norris, Jr. *Rohtert, Robert Edward Schaaf, Robert Schaffner, David Schalliol, Willis Lee Schickler, Helen Virginia Seeburger, Robert Fred Simon, Thomas Banks Smith, Harry Thomas Smith, Sanford Thomas, Jr. Southard, William Deans Streed, Rodney Warren Strong, Hugh Robert Swager, William Leon Turner, Frederick Judson Velkoff, Henry Rene Visin, Robert Japies Walker, William Charles Wiley, Charles Richard Wilson, Robert Earl Wood, James Joseph Youngblood, Joe Thompson HOME ECONOMICS Arvidson, Dorothy Ruth Bower, Doris Violet Buechele, Roberta Jean Rossell, Janet Stallings, Helen Frances Trost, Martha Jane PHARMACY Riley, Sister Kathleen Scholl, Phyllis June Stottner, Richard Fred SCIENCE Altherr, Alice Margaret Ballard, Clara Jane Bollman, Marjorie Ann Buergler, Monica Marie *Davis, Stanley Gannaway Eicher, John Harold Johnson, Mary Shirley McCabe, Helen J. McHalBe, Martha Eunice McPherson, Prances Bonny G. Mahin, Prank Caple, Jr. Mills, James Edwin Novey, Theo4ore Burton Schaupp, Mary Virginia Wayne, Faith Widmer, Marian Adele TRADE AND INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION McTaggart, Arthur Joseph SOPHOMORES AGRICULTURE Brown, Delbert Alfred Byer, Eugene Gerald Carter, Eugene Harshman
Prischie, Ken. August Wm. Grant, Donald Lee (For) Henry, Hermann Russell Peterson, John Chester Schneider, L. A. (For) Snyder, Arthur Eugene Thias, Gustave William Topliff, Marion Carroll Vanada, Chester Schulz Walley, John Ersel Welsh, Emil Dunlap CHEMICAL ENGINEERING Antal, Michael Jerry Bock, James Austin Borns, William Joseph Branner, Frank Michael Forbes, Donald J. Good, Charles Lloyd Harban, Arthur Alan Kraybill, Richard Reist Kruder, George Arthur Lovett, Gordon Hale =^Munger, Stanley Hiram Schwartz, Clarence Ernest Sperling, Stevens Clason Stanton, Walter Henry, Jr. Van Riema, Gerhard CIVIL ENGINfiiERING Brown, Walter Albert Stahl, Laddie ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Bond, Robert Wilbur Gatlin, John Carey Chrisman, Donald Wray DeYoung, Peter John Dibos, Richard Ashton Farber, William Robinson Gunkel, Wm. Fredrickson Hale, Harry William Hayt, William Hart, Jr. Headen, David Kirke, Jr. King, George William Kusko, Alexander Markow, Elliott Wilburt Moorhead, Milton Merritt, Jr. Raab, Herman Peter Shankland, Dean Southmayd, Laban Howell Stecker, Robert Bates Tse, Foo Sum Watson, William Martin Williams, Cecil Everett Williams, Raymond Asbury MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Darr, Donald Albert Gillogly, Alvin Ernest Hen, Frederick Williams Hilpert, Arvis Laverne Munson, Milton Laverne Nothmann, Gerhard Adolf ’‘Ochiltree, Ned A. Phinney, Arthur Burnham Shane, Norman Alvin, Jr. Thomas, Richard John Threlfall, John Brooks Vanderbilt, Vern Corwin Wood, Frank Joseph, Jr. METALLURGICAL ENGINEERING Schnedler, Paul Edward Worthington, Ralph Elbeit PUBLIC SERVICE ENGINEERING Hussey, George Arthur, Jr. Olsson, Frederick Joseph Skallerup, Robert Martin Snorf, Robert William Youkey, Robert Vincent HOME ECONOMICS Abbett, Marda Ruth Alburn, Kathryn Jane Baumgartner, Iris Marjorie Collings, Alice Ruth Congleton, Mary Ann Davis, Peggy Jane Free, Sally Grace Halstead, Marybelle Hutchison, Marijean Laprad, Elsie Mae McCulloch, Agnes Louise Parker, Ruth Irene Sacksteder, Nancy Taylor, Ariadne Eugenia Umbaugh, Marjorie Bernice Weil, Jeanne Marjorie PHARMACY Siebenthal, Harold Robert SCIENCE “’Bierlein, James Allison Glagyave, Opal Genevieve Brock, Robert Pamin Hansen, Charles Henry, Jr. Karler, Arthur MacParlane, John O’Donnell Peterson, Eugene Willis Pidgeon, Mary Olive R^eal, Robert Riegle, Chester Francis, Jr. Strickler, Charles Jackson Wilson, Roger Griflith JUNIORS AGRICULTURE Adams, Maurice Wayne Blackwell, James Rollie (For) Davis, Russell Eugene Legg, Sidney Benjamin Luzar, Louis Joseph McBride, Raymond Eugene Marvel, James Andrew Mullett, Robert Pershing Myers, Harold Dean < Shaw, Elmei Willard (Foi)
CH]^MICAL ENGINEERING Alexander, Lloyd George Bergstedt, Reinhart Herman Bradbury, Elmer Joseph Granger, ^Pred L. Jungerman, George Robert Kettenring, Kenneth Norman *Reese, Francis Edward Stephens, Thomas J. R. VanHorn, John Coerper Williams, Ralph Isaac Winslow, Paul Morris CIVIL ENGINEERING Campbell, George Rodgers Lewis, Albert Dale Milton McCammon, Lewis Brown, Jr. Myers, Clarence Harold ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Aull, Louis Edward Bowen, Paul Joseph Chin, Pao-Hsiung ' Cowles, Robert John Crabb, Vernon Leroy Drazy, Elbert Jbseph Haiflich, Norm^in Je^se Holcomb, William Lewis Hollis, Walter Charles Leber, Charles Wendolin McKee, Edward Sherman Meese, William Giles ’“Montgomery, Geo. Franklin Parker, Merrill Reyman Pitcher, William James Symonds, Richard Julian Taylor, William Friberg Weed, Alfred Cleveland, Jr. Wright, William Gaylord Zajec, John Mirko MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Bowling, John Franklin Brennan, Patrick Joseph Davis, John Christy Grise, Warren Kenneth ’“Hollingsworth, Lois Vashti Jackson, Donald Hill Noidsiek, Edward Otto Richards, Marshall Monroe Rockwood, Charles Henry Schnaible, Albert Paul Shelmerdine, William Robert Thompson, Kenworthy James Tong, Yang Hu Tsai, Bartholomew Hong-Ji ’“Wist, Henry Wolverton, Philip Wolever Zintenl, Harry John METALLURGICAL ENGINEERING Hamilton, Theodoie Eugene Macherey, Robert Edward Schaefer, Charles Julian Schier, Robert Joseph PUBLIS SERVICE ENGINEERING Keane, Mark Edward HOME ECONOMICS Allen, Josinah Elizabeth Allen, M. Isabelle Monk, Mary Edith Moon, Martha Floience Osboi-n, Lucille Eileen Risk, Martha Avis Sutherlin, Irene Weigle, (xeorgiaiee Wright, Margaret Claiissa PHARMACY Cotton, Hugh Arthui Shanower, Wade Amos PHYSICAL EDUCATION Haniford, George Wesley Pursell, Lester James SCIENCE Anthony, Walter Philip Balcom, Mona Jane Beisel, Bernice Jean Bennett, Ruth Marion Burnham, Joyce Carr, Mary Jane Cohen, Jesse Milton Densfoid, Alberta Jeanette Giaves, Mary Margaret Hoffer, Eopert Arnot Jones, Jean Louise Miller, Laurence Musser, Wayne Eugene Norquest, Clarence Lee O’Conner, ^ohn Biggfs Oswalt, John William Owens, Martha Eulala Smith, Phyllis Bette Waterhouse, Wesley Joseph Woolley, Matilda Ann SENIORS AGRICULTURE Brunk, Merrill Arthur Burbrink, Kenneth Eugene Canada, Thomas Lee Chatham, Elmo Alonzo Crum, Charles J. Glardon, James Edward Goldsberry, Walter M. (For) Haverkamp, Leonard John Hess, Gerald Mahlon Madden, Will Earl (For) Marvel, Thomas Junior Mumford, Thomas Fienzel Nickey, Howard Edward Oberholtzer, John William Paarlberg, Donald Sears, Gordon Elbert South, James Oliver ’“Stiver, Edward Noble (For) Tiueman, Robert Shaw
CHEMICAL ' ENGINEERING Becker, Roy Condit Brubaker, Norman Harold Carter, Sanford Lee Catterall, William Edward Dellinger, Hartley C. Fishburn, Herbert Flournoy Gran, Margaret Consignee Hall, Robert Earl Harris, William James, Jr. Heath, Donald Henderson, Courtland Matson Howard, Robert Eugene Lutz, Carl Frederick Neptune, Maurice Dean Schmidt, Louis William Schrader, Robert Junior, Segrave, Harold James Sittig, Marshall ’“Smith, John Henry Specker, Robert Allan Wilson, Edgar Elwood CIVIL ENGINEERING Cornell, Arthur Roscoe, Jr. Houston, Kenneth Clark ’“Ku, Hsien Hsiang LaForce, Harry Bernhard ’“Woodsman, Francis Joseph ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING ■“Adams, George Malcolm Appleyard, Richard Edwin Brown, Bill Elboum, Robert Darling Heath, Lester Milton Keen, Robert Newton Keppler, Arthur Hieodore Ku, Tze Hsiang LederW, Edivin Herbert Lee, Shu Nitsche, John Edward Patterson, Howard Ross Simon, Raymond Clair Squires, Rathbun Stradling, Richard Endly Weng, Hsing Ching Yost, Kenneth Elwood MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Ancker, Clinton James Beir, Richard Martin Best, Stanley Gordon Bignall, Arthur Graham Boksenbom, Aaron Saul Brown, Charles Robert Bryan, John Kinealy Dean, James Hervey Eggbrecht, Edw. Theo., Jr. Eilering, John George Faas, John Albert Forsgren, yernon Nels Gibbs, William Marshall Hallstein, David Wasme Heidbreder, Charles Augrust Huston, Alfred Berry Keys, William Delos Kolb, Harold Glenn Lyles, Laurence Lee Menke, Frederic Luthki Moller, Carl Gustaf Nash, William Allen Palikucha, George Schooley, Harry Eugene Simmons, Charles Huff Sopcak, (ilharles Florian Timms, Howard Lister Yarber, Richard Francis PUBLIC SERVICE ENGINEERING Kuebler, Kenneth William Potter, Richard Carter HOME ECONOMICS Henderson, Katherine Mary Horwitz, Jeanne Florence Lewis, Mira Louise Peter, Leota Ruth Skinner, Helen Ruth PHARMACY Eberhard, Hershel Edmond Faulkner, Sister M. Clara F. Klein, Sister Mary Laurina Orr, Jack Edward Reiff, Lyle Eugene VanAckeren, Sister M. Eileen SCIENCE Beko, Mary Agnes Cook, Josephine Culp, George Richard Demoret, Lucy Jane Dietrich, Verne Eugene Estey, Marten Sutherland Berding, Richard Frederick Gehrke, Ellsworth Jack Goodin, Raymond Gordon Gross, Willomine Pauline ■“Heiss, Stuart Joseph Hobbs, Vernon Daniel, Jr. Huckleberry, Carl Douglas Irick, Paul Eugene Maier, Norman Alvin Morris, Janette Elizabeth Munro, Robert Fowlis Myers, Jahe Rhodehamel, Harley W., Jr. Roe, Gaby D. " Sanders, William James Steffee, Helen Ruth Ward, Elinor Douglas Weaver, Robert Harmon Wilson, Mariana
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First