f y i(vi
i
0[lie Purfluc TExjjflnenl
Jhiblidhed Daily by Students df Purdue Dniverslly
VOtiiUilE XLVltl
LAEAYEI^TE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MARCH 13, 1937
mtrammmmmm NUMBER US
Co^ds Meet For Annual WAA Play Day
Seventeen Hoosier Institutions Send Representatives
Members of the local W. A. A. are hortessos today to the delegates of the sever.teen colleges and universities of Indiana at the annual state Play Day. Iowa Head One of the features of the day’s entertainment will be an address by Miss Elizabeth Halsey, head of the physical education department for women at Iowa University. Miss Halsey graduated from Chicago University and taught at Wellesley before becoming director at Iowa. She has many varied interests including swimming, field hockey, and red-cross life-saving. During the World War Miss Halsey performed Red Cross work in Constantinople. She was recently president of the Mid-West Association of Directors of Physical Education for Women. The athletic calendar for the day includes: 9:00—Registration in Women’s Gifmnasium. 9:45—General Assembly of all the delegates. 10:00-12:16—^Volleyball tournament 10:00-12:16—Recreational games for all girls not in the tournament. 12:30—Tour of Women’s Residence Hall. 1:00—Luncheon at Women’s Residence Hall. Address by Miss Halsey. 2:20—Conference picture in front of the Hall. 2:30—Purdue vs. Ball^ State in a demonstration game of nonrotation volleyball. 2:30—^Badminton and fencing contests. 2:30—Meeting of official delegates. 3:30—Tour of campus and W. A. A. cabin. This is the second state Play Day to be held at Purdue; the first one was held here in 1929. Earlham was hostess to the delegates last year.
Kappa Concert
Choir To Sing Paul Emerson To Play Three Piano Solos
Tommorrow afternoon in the Memorial Union music room, the Kappa Kappa Gamma Concert Choir and Paul Emerson, concert pianist, will present another in the series of Sunday afternoon concerts. The Concert Choir will open the program with the Kappa medley. Following the medley, Emerson will present three numbers on the piano, including Moonlight Sonata and Concert Eltude. The Kappa Choir will take up the program again singing, “Lonesome Road,” from “Show Boat,” “Goin’ Home,” from the “New World Symphony,” “Dark Eyes,” and “Sky.” Emerson is known to many of the students on the campus as for several years he was the concert pianist for WBBM. The concert is to begin promptly at 4 o’clock.
Forestry Club Will Hear A. R. Standing
A. R. Standing, chief of personnel management of the intermountain region of the United States Forest Service, will be the principal speaker at the annual Forestry Club banquet which will be held in the recreation hall of the West Lafayette Baptist church on Tuesday evening, March 23, at 6:30 p. m. according to an announcement by K, B. Swinford, president. Violin Solo Plans for the banquet call for a number of musical features, including a violin solo by C. E. Dobrowolsky, “The Old Fashioned Quartet,” the “Greenhorns From Podunk” a quartet, and humorous skits, with other features.
Will Present 'Castles In The Air' At Mars Today
Cast of the Union musical who will climax their weeks of rehearsals at the opening performance this afternoon. Betty Granger, Bill Jones, Mary Ed Johnston, Fred Ahrens, and Martha Whitehead.
Principals include
€k>Id Peppers Honor Twenty Junior Co-eds
300 Couples Weieome Activity Womeu At Annual Dance
Twenty juniitr co-eds were pledged last night to the senior activity honorary, at the annual Gold Peppers dance in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. As the name of each girl was announced by Jeannette Scudder a ribbon pulled away a covering revealing the name of that co-ed under her silhouette on the backdrop. Each member of the organization pledged a junior. Dick Hartom and his band played for the 300 couples who attended the dance.
Debate Squad Goes On Tour
Negative Team Leaves For Trio Of Contests Over Week-end
Three members of the varsity negative debate squad, Robert Sasser, of Chicago, 111., Joseph Rittenhouse, of Springfield, Mo., and Robert Buckles, of Louisville, Ky., left here yesterday morning for a tri^ of debates over the week-end on the question, “Resolved: That Congress Should Be Empowered To F’x Minimum Hours For Industry.” The team was accompanied on the trip by Professor P. E. Lull, coach. The squad met Xavier at Cincin-
nati, 0., late yesterday afternoon.
They are scheduled to meet Asbury College of Wilmore, Ky., tonight and the University of Kentucky at Lexington tomorrow afternoon. All three debates are to a decision with the three Purdue representatives alternating between debates.
Fludderjohn Will Lecture On Co-ops To Discuss Cooperative Societies As They Exist In Europe Today.
Herbert Fludderjohn, who has been studying cooperative societies and activities in Europe during the last few months, will speak before an open meeting, arranged by the Students’ Cooperative Society, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 Monday evening. Fludderjohn will discuss and show movies on “Cooperative Europe.” These pictures will deal chiefly with the consumer cooperatives located in England, Russia, Norway, Sweden, and Denmark. A section of the movies will deal with the International Cooperative Conference which was held in 1934.
Lieut* Johansen Will Interview Seniors '
Lieutenant E. L. Johansen, of the Great Lakes Naval Aviation Base, will be on the University campus Tuesday, March 16, and is scheduled to speak in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 10 a. m. Lt. Johansen is interested in interviewing all engineering seniors who may be interested in being assigned to the base for naval aviation training Lecture During the 10 o’clock lecture, it IS planned tc give the audiefice a picture of v^ha^ this training includes and facts about naval defense. The interviews will be held in room 105 of the Mechanical Engineering Building.
Sellout Assured For
Evening Production
Presentations At 2 And 8 O’clock; Dress Rehearsal Pronounced Success
“Castles In The Air,” groomed and polished by six weeks of rigorous rehearsal, goes onto the stage this afternoon and evening at the Mars Theater. A report from Herb Wiegandt, ticket sales manager, indicates a near sell-out for the evening performance, with only 60 upper balcony seats left of
the 1,500 that went on sale a week ago. Last minute sales are expected to take the remaining seats for the evening show, though a considerable number of good seats are still available for the afternoon performance. Matinee prices are 60 cents for the m^in floor and 35 cents for the balcony. The afternoon show will start promptly at 2 o’clock, and the evening performance begins at 8 o’clock. Late comers will not be seated during a song, and the audience IS requested by the Union Board to be in their seats before the curtain rises. Final Dress Rehearsal A final dress rehearsal was held at the Mars yesterday morning. The entire cast was present, and all appeared to be ready for the show. 32 members of the dancing choruses 36 in the ensemble, 15 in the orchestra, and 12 in the cast make a total of 95 students in the show besides directors, managers, and committeemen. Sell-Out James Shoemaker, president of the Union and general manager of the show, predicted success for the production. “Castles In The Air,” will go over in great shape,” said Shoemaker. “The show will bring back fond memories of the Harlequin Club performance nine years ago. We’re going to have a full house in the evening and expect to sell some more tickets for the matinee. Everybody has cooperated to make our first all-student production a success.” Members of the cast that will appear in today’s show are Betty Granger and Bill Jones, the lee,ds; Martha Whitehead as an opera star; Dave Thompson as a wealthy guardian of the heroine; Mary Ed Johnston and Fred Ahrens in comedy roles; Karl Mueller as a Count; Jer»y Ciral as the Latavian Chancellor; C. D. Willcox as a General; Gaby D. Roe as Queen Regent; Tom Garland as a butler; George Cla^ypole as a friend of the heroine; and Leonard Everett as a court jester.
E. C. Blair, extension agronomist, at North Carolina State College, says a bare hillside sheds water like the roof of a house, but one covered with vegetation absorbs it‘like a blotter.
Winter Short Course Ends
174 Students Receive Certificates At Closing Exercises
One hundred seventy-four certificates signifying successful completion of the eight weeks’ winter course in Agriculture at the University were presented by President E. C. Elliott at the annual closing exercises yesterday morning in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall. Music Dr. H. E. Van Norman, of Chicago, nil, research counselor of the American Dairy Foundation, delivered the principal address, entitled “The Top Third,” while a program of music was furnished by the winter course orchestra, directed by Prof. F. E. Robbins.
Co-ed Honored At Girl Scout Banquet
Jeannette Morris, freshman in the school of science, was last night awarded the golden eaglet, highest honor bestowed upon girl scouts, for her scouting work in the West Lafayette girl scout troop. The award was made at the annual banquet of the scout troop, by authority of the national girl scout committee. The presentation cli*maxed the 26th birthday celebration of girl scouting.
Union Supper Patrons To See PiK A ‘Varieties*
“A Little Bit Of Everything,” a variety program with a short farcial skit, Indian dances, and German songs will be presented in the Union Cafeteria Sunday evening by the University chapter of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity.
F. C. Hockema
Named Judge
Boeing Contest Attracts One Purdue Student
Prof Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, has been named on the contest committee for the W. E. Boeing Scholarships, oifered by the Oakland, Cal. airplane manufacturer. Prof. Hockema will fly to Berkeley, Cal., where the judging will be done by a committee of engineering educators, which includes Dr. B. M. Woods, of the University of California, Prof. Hockema, and others from over the United States. The committee will make the awards at its meeting scheduled for April 5, 6, and 7. Only one entrant has been reported thus far from Purdue University. He is Herbert F. Kueck, senior M. E. in the aeronautical option.
Jordan To Open Drug Conference Between 400 And 500 Expected To Attend Meeting
March 23-24.
Dean C. B. Jordan, of the University school of pharmacy will welcome between 400 and 500 persons who will attend the seventh annual Druggists’ Business Conference to be held here March 23 and 24. This year’s conference has been planned to include up-to-the-minute discussions on numerous problems that face the modern druggist. The conference will end with a banquet at which President Edward C. Elliott of the University will act as toastmaster.
The pledges were: Dorothy Bryant, West Lafayette; Catherine Ann Cromer, West Lafayette; Doroibj Coan, Clay City; Mary Ellep Delaplane, Wabash; Florence Hester, Scottsburg; Cue Holden, Chicago, 111.; Jeanne Janousek, Cleveland, O.; Mary G. Jarett, Sylvania, O.; Mary Jean Light, Evanston, 111.; Loma McLeod, West Lafayette; Dorofhy Martinet, Indianapolis; Mary Alice Masters, Liberty; Mary Grace Mytinger. West Lafayette; Alice ParIon, Richmond; Elizabeth Pyke, Lafayette; Margaret Ritchie, Chicago, 111.; Virginia Slocum, De<»tur, HI.; Jean Small, Vincennes; Betty Ann Stewart, Greensburg, and Emily Tubbs, Lafayette.
Speech Group Meets Today CUnic Plans State-wide Organization
Instructors in speech correction from various pste of the state will meet at the University today for the purpose of formulating plans for the Indiana Speech Correction Association. The instructors will meet in the Union, after the convention has visited the Purdue Speech Clinic in University H«llAmong those eiqiected to attend the meeting are the supervisors of speech correction in the school systems of Gary, Terre Haute, East Chicago, Whiting, South Bend, and West Lafayette. The ajReraooii program has been arranged' by M. D. Steer, director of the Pmrdue Speech Clinic.
ASME Membership Deadline Today
Enders To Tell Of
Tibet At Banquet
Mechanical engineers who have not yet joined the student branch of the A.S.M.E. for this year shoidd do so today as all memberships must be in New York City on^March 15. Applications may be secured at the instrument room of the steam laboratory or in Professor G. A. Young’s office. Pins and copies of Mechanical Engineering Journal” will be supplied later. President Coming The national president of the A. S. M. E., Dr. Herron, will come to the campus on March 23 for a special meeting. Seniors will be dismissed from class to attend this meeting.
Prof. O’Shea To Speak
Prof. Harriet E. O’Shea will address the Social Workers’ Club of Indianapolis at their dinner meetpig Monday evening, March 16 on “The Mental Hygiene of Everyday Life: Implications for Social Work.”
“I was just a typical Ameidcan boy in short pants and a cotton shirt when I first went to live among the Tibetans,” declared Gordon B. Enders, scheduled speaker at the All-Science dinner to be held Tuesday night at 6 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, in a recent interview. The story of this man’s adventures in Tibet from boyhood through the period during which he became a cabinet member of the Tibetan government will be the substance of his talk. The banquet, though sponsored by the science school and designed primarily for science students, will be open to anyone interested. Tickets, priced at 76 cents, are available at the office of'Dean Enders, or may be obtained from any member of Delta Kappa Rho, science honorary.
Mail handled by Ohio State U. campus carriers in January totalled 134,317 pieces.
Cloudy And Warmer
By Tempy Tbe Sspoasat WoittkMP WoMie
Here we come-back again, and this thne to give the weather the proverbial “bird.” Lately it’s he«i. nothing to really CROW about; in fact, I’ve heard lota of people RAVEN over itllt hasn’t been areit enough to he DUCKY, either. I SWAN, I think Hus c^umn kaa gone S^RK mad—or BATS. And I’m a mouael The weather wild he fair and cool today. I BOBS!/
PiMraTwo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
QT^e ^ntline exponent
iMiiMiii IMS
mPRESBNTCD POR RATION*!. ABVRRTItINO RT National Advertising Service, Inc C»IUtf Prnbtbkm RtpntntaHvt 4S0 Madison ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAOO - BORTON - SAM FRANCISCO LOS ANOKLE* • PORTtAND - SEATTLE
■> ssonnil cIrm matter at the post office, LAfajrottA ladtaiifc DaHwred ^ SdNmsd by carrier. M60 par year; aold fay a tingla copy. S cents.
aualaasi PhoBa SSU
OFFICBt—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phoaa S087
Daily Stndent Publication of Purdue University
KDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
BIHTORIAL STAFF
Managina Editor^
J5. H. Morris
Aaaociata Bditora—. JC. a7 Bame^ J. E. Brock, A, IL Forstw, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadia Saphomora Asaistanta W. M. Anthony. D. A. Bailey, J, A. Ctapin,J.R. Clark
L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, a L StMback. D. R.
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O'Neil
Bold and Black Editor L J. C. Ohaver
Bnsineas Manager-..^ National Adrertiaing Manager..Loeal Adrertking Manager. Advertising Assistants — Occnlation Managa— Circulation Assistants
BUB1MB8S STAfT
....R. J. Hulse ..L. a Brown .a C. MiUer
W. J. Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves
J. P. Girard
7 " ' . , F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor Associate Bditora
SPORIH STAFF t a D. Wood W, H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, a F. Ohenchain
Editor. Associate Editora Adverttoing Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , ^ . JBelen Creech _. Jr^iine Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—D. R. Vance
Curbstone Engineers Recently, while a group of embryonic engineers were watching the hoisting of some of the heavy members at the site of the new field house, an incident took place which might easily have had serious consequences. In the hoisting operations the engineer who was running the machinery was guided by a series of shouts from a foreman. This system was made necessary because of the inability of the engineer to see either the member being hoisted or the foreman who was directing the operations. Apparently the shouting appealed to the humorous side of the young engineers and soon they were giving very good imitations of his commands but with complete disregard to their meaning. Obviously there was no malice intended but it might put several people in an embarrassing position if one of the twenty ton members was to be lowered on a group of workmen because the engineer had obeyed the wrong signal. We heartily sponsor the watching of the erection of the steel work, but we firmly advise the spectators to make their comemnts in a way not to be misunderstood by any of the workmen.
Not New Year’s Resolutions But— With spring appearing on^the campus there comes a tense expectancy among-mail^sophomores and juniors. Appointments to junior and senior jobs in the major campus activities are in the offing and the big question of the season for these students is not an Easter outfit (except as a means of impressing the board members during an interview) but who will be left after the final sifting process is over. The band concert probably brought antiepatory thrills to sophomore men and women who may be called from the concert crowd this spring to don the orange scarf of Torch or the bright mini blanket of Sachem. Junior men and women are wondering if their names will occupy one of the honored spots on the Ma-Wan-da arrowhead or the Mortar Board scroll. But the question at the moment is of more importance. Can friendships formed these three years of work together stand the strain of bitter rivalry and the final losing and winning? This stress and breaking of friendships is one of the chief objections to the present system. Perhaps it is early but it seems to us that it would be well for such students who are working for a mutual goal not to lose sight of a finer, larger achievement. . . the preservation of a friendship which is bound to mean more in the long run than the narrow advantage gained by slipping one over on the opponent in the big college race. It’s too late for New Year’s resolutions but certainly not too early to determine to play square on the last lap.
—Daily Rlini.
Famous: Why? ? .. I don know what? ... I still don know . .. this is a tough life . . . another guest artist today . . . life is just a bowl . . . hay de hay . . . and a heigh de heigh . . . etc.—etc.—etc.— . . . bill and coo ... love and all those things . . . beer and pretzels . . . swiss cheese on rye ... a blind date . . . and you . . . my dear . . . what ever started this . . . swing swing . . . OH YES ... my stooges for the day Monsieurs TIPPLING TEETOTALERS . . . take it away my
lads . . .
ScoopJLnd you know that Mrs. MALASKA’S pride and joy, PAT, had planked his D. U. pin on a charming soda jerker in the big city?? .... Gals beware “Git a Hoss” ED RITTER says that the boys at the Pi Kappa Phi house are planning to treat their gal friends to an evening at the “ARC” in the near future . . . incidently the Gals at the WRH have taken up Pipe smoking .. . SOS, the Pi Phi pledges want a pair of hip boots and a fish pole ... our HARVEY CLINE is importing all the way from Minnesota for the PROM—the lucky gal is JEWEL YOUNG—she wrote down here and told HARVEY that she didn’t like our JEWELL, but even that wasn’t enough to keep her away from her HARVE . . . Infamous sayings of famous people . . . STAN “Flower Show” EMRICK— And I get down to the Punch line and miss the decimal point .... Three bright spots at the Ag short course feed: Dean Fisher’s Pate flanked by two silver loving cups ... Surprise—Capt. Holmes is an accomplished pianist and crooner, boys. . . . When the b-b-b-blue of the night ....
JOKE—
NOBE: What’s my first name? TEVY: Noble, sir. NOBE: Then why don’t you call me “Nobe,” everyone else does? TEVY: I’m sucking for a job. TID-BITS—HERBY THINNES bowls—Wanted: New seat for HER BIE’S cords . . . RONNY CREEK gazing at different things in Gerry Mohlman’s window . . . THURS BY and a hum ek experimenteer at the show tonight—They’ll be there Keeds . . . Theta Tau COERS puts
Junior Prom Regulations 1. Juniors and seniors, as listed with the Registrar, will be the only undergraduate students allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only twenty-five (25) tickets will be allotted to members of the University staff. The same regulations will apply to faculty ticket holders as to undergraduates. 3. In order that arrangements for out-of-town dates may be made, announcement if the distribution of tickets will be made on or before March 26. 4. Permits for tickets will be distributed starting Saturday, March 6, and will close Thursday, March 18. Permits will be issued daily during this period, from 4 until 6:30, excepting Saturdays, when the Student Senate office will be open from 1 until 5 o’clock. 6. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for pictures taken. 6. If the application is approved, it must be taken to the Cashier’s office, in the Executive Building, where applicant must sign permit in presence of the Cashier, attesting to the fact that he will be the sole user of the ticket. Applicant must then pay Cashier four dollars ($4.00), the price of the ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. This must be done before Tuesday, March 23. 7. Actual distribution of the tickets will begin on Tuesday, April 13, at which time the tickets will be given out by the Cashier in exchange for the receipt stub. 8. If the owner of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that is stamped on it, the individual will not be admitted to the dunce, and the name of the original purchaser will be turned over to the Executive department of the University for disciplinary action. 9. In order that the affair may be kept strictly a Junior-senior dance, a suitable method of controlling pass-out checks will be used to insure against their transferal. It is hoped that there will be sufficient number of admission tickets available for all applicants. —Junior Prom Committee.
Saturday, March 13.1937 flSSSSBiSSSBIBiMBSIliBBBBEBDHBBBHBttIBSSBBDIik
pin on home town fraulein. Cigars ? I took mine out in Beer. The BUX-TQN-DYE combine continually glancing in the Browi^ing Room ... Sig WRIGHT being a good boy while RUFINA’S mater looks on .... As KERNEL walks out of the bowling alley, FRITZ ULRICH says “Now I can go back to work” . . . “No-No-This ain’t the time.” yells GRIMM every time JONES goes into a clinch with GRANGER—and yet BILL goes for ALINE MARSHALL . . . Good Eggs—Rotten Eggs—White Eggs—Egg Nog . . . nope none of these. T^heta Chi pledges, BERT WRIGHT and GEORGIE PALMER are getting the autygrafs of Purdue’s best-looking femmes? Well, that’s one way for actives to get acquainted with the Campus Heart Throbs???? POME Eugenics is a laugh, For the son of a two-headed calf, With fodder and prater, And curried with'care. May grow to a Bull and a half. And the eggs of a sensible hen, May be perfectly crazy, so then What in the duce is Eugenics excuse And why should we try it on men. —Stole. MARS—WHO—MARS More of those little thumb-nail DEBRIS sketches . . . NO. 1— A bear skin ... is what she-s wearing . . . NO. 2— Is that a Camera . .. No. . . then what is it? ? . . .that he’s looking at . . . NO. 3— He is the right-hand man in the picture . . . Physics Building as a background . . . and books tucked under his arm ... Now turn in your answers . . . at the Union Desk . . . addressed to your editor . . . they’re easy to get those MARS PASSES will be announced ... in Tuesday’s colyum ... all nine of your versions must be in by 4 Monday . . . FLASH . . . RED HANNA the boy who advertised for a date for PROM in Thursday’s paper . . . is obstinate . . . when called he re-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lithty
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT G. RISE DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
“I put the welcome mat under the bed
marked, “I don’t need a date.” and bang went the receiver . . .
Forty-nine members of South Carolina’s legislature are graduates of the University of South Carolina.
KEYS Kejrz for tmnka, doer lodu, dook locks, niKht latches and padlocks. Ante keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phono 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
Fay Wray and Chester Morris in ‘They Met in a Taxi” —and— Eric Linden and Cecilia Parker in “Sins of Children”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Treason”
“Two Fisted Gentleman”
‘Darkest Africa’
When love was sin ... they dared to love! The breathless romance of a dashing Virginian cavalier and the courageous girl he taught to love. Told in sweeping scenes and thrilling action against the tumultuous background of sin-haunted Old New England.
Adolph Zwkor presents " CLAUDETTE COLBERT FRED MacMURRAY in Frank Lloyd’s MAID OF SALEM with iHarvey Stephens • Gale Sondergaard j>v^Louise Dresser • Edward Ellis Virginia Weidler • Bonita Granville
STARTS TOMORROW
MARS
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
O/V
T#/£
‘Rc
^»ANCHor
A
—LAST DAY— Bob Allen
in
‘Rio Grande Ranger” —and— Ann Dvorak
in
“Midnight Court”%
TBG #IISDtI
Five Teams In Final Round
Fraternity Volleyball Tourney Nears Finis
Five fraternity volleyball teams have won their way into the Hnals, which will be played at 7:30 Tuesday nigrht. The teams are Tau Epsilon Phi, Delta Upsilon, Phi Delta Theta, Theta Xi, and Phi Pi Phi, the latter two teams gaining the final round through byes. Six teams have lost one game each and will compete at 7 p. m. Tuesday for a place in the finals. Matches to be played at that time are: Delta Chi vs. Sigma Nu; Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha, and Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. The volleyball team of Ward 4, composed of Weishiar, Foust, Shepard, Herick, and Riser, captured the Ward volleyball crown yesterday evening.
Sammy Kaye Dedicates Pi K A Sweetheart Song
When Sammy Kaye and his orchestra go on the air over the Mutual Broadcasting chain at 1 a. m. (E.S.T.) next Monday night, the University chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha will be gathered around their radio to hear the dedication of their sweetheart song, “The Dream Girl of Pi K. A.” Pitt Chapter The glee club of the University of Pittsburgh chapter of the frateemity will sing several numbers on the program, including a song written by Metropolitan Opera singer Joseph Bentonelli, with words by playwright Lynn Riggs, both alumni ■ of University of Oklahoma chapter.
(.^SUDDEN Service
P
iRINTING.
'Offlet Stailontry . . *)/«ddlns InvlUUont
PHONE - Sal.* Book., E»e.;, , -5628 CASSEL*S 4081-ERRi
Squash Team To Meet Illinois In Last Home Game
Boilermakers Hope To Repeat Earlier 7-3 VictoliT Today
Purdue’s squash racquets team will make its last home appearance of the season here this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock when it stacks up against the University of Illinois in a dual engagement. The Boilermakers, who chalked up a 7 to 3 victory over the Illini earlier in the season, are hopeful .of repeating the triumph. Coach Mert Clevett announced tonight that the Purdue student entries would be Lucek, Wakefield^ Sokolowski, Moses, Linn, Juve,y and Jackson. Noll and Karr, of the faculty will also play.
Wisconsin Wins
Billiard Contest; Purdue Eleventh
Try as they might, Purdue’s billiard champs failed to lift the team farther than eleventfi place in the Intercollegiate 14.1 Billiards contest Thursday night. Reynolds was high scorer for the University team with forty-three points to his credit, while Hoover followed close behind with a thirty-nine score. Wisconsin Wins
With the aid of Weisman, Kirkpatrick, and Martin, Reynolds and Hoover managed to make a total of 164 for Purdue, but this was hardly near enough, for Wisconsin, the winner, shot a total of 378 while Michigan and Buffalo trailed close behind with 376 and 360 respectively. Approximately twenty teams participated, although all of the colleges in the country were supposed to enter into the competition.
Charles S. Hendershot, a law student at Ohio State U., expects to live in a 16-foot traileiTwith his wife and dog for the next three years.
SPECIAL "PREVIEW
##
MIDNIGHT SHOW TONIGHT AT 11:30
with
sv.»
—LAST DAY— Virginia - Bruce in . ‘Women of Glamour”
-and-
Slim Summerville in “Off to the Races”
FOUR BIG DAYS SUNDAY THRU WEDNESDAY
LUMA
Nassau Victor
In Pmg Pong Downs Farr And Cohen
In All-Campus Tourney
The all-campus ping pong tournament, sponsored by College Humor magazine, which went under way March 8, drew to a close yesterday afternoon in the Memorial Gymnasium with D. L. Nassau, freshman engineer, carrying off top honors after downing Parr and Coheli in quick succession. Overtime Period To start off, Nassau took the measure of Farr in steady methodical sets and led in the final game 21-16.. Immediately on the heels of this victory, he again took up his paddle and proceeded to defeat Cohen, but only after some fast and furious action. The last game had to go into an overtime and Nassau only emerged a winner by taking two consecutive points to make the score 22-20. By virtue of taking this first place, Nassau will be given a gold medal and Cohen will receive a silver memento. Both men will automatically qualify as members of the U. S. Table Tennis Association, and in addition will be given a year’s subscription to the magazine Table Tennis Topics.
Dammon Addresses
High School Seniors
Prof. Clarence E. Damnion of the English department, last Wednesday addressed the Logansport^high school senior class on “The General Problem of the Proper Selection of A College.” After the lecture, Dammon interviewed several members of the class who have tentatively decided to attend Purdue next fall.
Headlee Lectures Pn Egypt At Agonomic Club
“Camels, donkeys, farming technique reminiscent of Biblical days, and the Goddess of the Nile—all of these combine to form the long narrow strip of land generally referred to as Egypt,” explained Dr. W. H. Headlee, of the biologoy department, last night before "a ^dinner meeting of the Agonomic Club in the Home Economics Building. The meeting was attended by 52 staff members and graduate students. Dr. Headlee supplemented his remarks with a 20 minute reel of motion pictures of Egyptian life and farming methods taken while he was in Egypt a few years ago with the American University at Cairo, and later with the Rockefeller Foundation.
W. P. Albright Accepts Poultry Staff Position
W. P. Albright, poultry specialist, has accepted a position in the poultry department of the University, to replace Leon Todd, who left the first of the year. Albright was previously on the staff of the Oklahoma A. and M. College, specializing in extension work.
EXPONENT
saMaaMaBM
Big Ten Tanksters Hold Monopoly On College Records
Big Ten schools hold five of the nine national collegiate records now standing, and Jack Medica, Seattle, Wash., distance star, holds the other four. Charles Flashman of Illinois set the 60-yard mark of 23 seconds in 1935, and the other marks were made last year. Dan “Zippy” Zehr, the Ft, Wayne youth now at Northwestern, and a member of the 1932 Olympic team, holds the backstroke mark of 1:36.8 while Jack Kasley of Michigan set a new world’s and collegiate record of 2:22.5 in the breast stroke. Michigan’s 300 yard relay squad holds the record of 2:58.2 for that event, while Iowa’s quartet set a mark of 3:36.6 in the 400-yard relay.
c*
By Ouvs ScHATZLBY
Baptist Students—Dean ‘Fisher will teach the student class at 9:30. Rev. Gleason will preach the sermon on “The Great Invitation” at 10:35. In the evening, the Roger Williams Club social hour will be held at 5:30, with dinner at 6. Rev. Gleason will lead the discussion group. Rev. Conrad' Hassel will be guest speaker at the evening services.
First Christian Church—Sunday school service will begin at 9,:30. The students’ class will hear Dr. Sears at 10. At 10:45 Rev. Mullen will conclude the pre-Easter series, by speaking on “What Can One Believe About God?” The older young people will meet at 6:30 in the evening. The regular evening service will be conducted by Prof. Frank Hall.
Methodist S^dents—At 8 in the morning the freshman commission will hold a breakfast meeting to discuss a spring party. The co-ed class will be lead by Anna Lewis at 9:30, discussing “Race Relations.” Rev McFadden will address the men’s class at the same time. In the evening the Fellowship Hour and supper will be held in the Foundation House at 5 o’clock. No Epworth League service will be held but the Wesley Players will present the drama, “The Rock,” at 7:30 p. m.
Presbyterian Students—The discussion group will be led by Dr. Graves at 9:30 a. m. Dr. Graham will preach the morning worship at 10:45 in the Central Presbyterian Church. Dr. Hadley, of the mathematics department, will speak on “Every Man An Artist” at the Sunday Evening Club following a 6 o’clock supper .
Episcopal Students—Dr. L. M. Sears will be the speaker at the meeting of the Young Peoples’ Fellowship on Sunday night at 7 p. m. Supper will be served in the Parish
FINAL TIMES TODAY
IlilAlE
Ole OLSEN
in
Chic JOHNSON
‘COUNTRY GENTLEMAN” —plus Bob LIVINGSTON in ‘LARCENY ON THE AIR”
Sunday—Monday—^Tuesday—^Wednesday—Starting MID-NITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
UUMItU!... Here come two of the boys with different ideas about the same girl —but she has ideas of h«ownl/^j'*TOR MCLACLEN ^ P R E f T O N FOSTER iiiiil ■ IDA ■ILUPIHO
First Lafayette Showing
DONALD WOODS WHAT FUN! WHAT YlGHTil WHAT THRILLS!
UMi
Phi Kappa Tau In Cup Lead
Race For Pardcipatioii Trophy At Half Mark
At the half-way mark in the race for the, annual intramural trophy awarded to the fraternity amassing the most points for participation in intramural activities during the rent year, eight fraternities are well out in front of the rest of the pack. PKT Leads Leading the field are the PU Kappa Tau’s with 288 points accumulated so far this year. Close behind and separated by but a few poipts, are seven other fraternities whd are determined to win this trophy, significant of all around participation in campus sports. Phi Psi’s Second Second on the list are the Phi Kappa Psi’s with 286 points, then the S. A. E.’s and Phi Delt’s tied at 286, the Kappa Sig’s with 281, the Betas and Alpha Chi Rho’s with 280 each, and the S. P. E.’s with 276 points.
WBAA
11:00—Just Kids. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Charles Powell, baritone. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time, Pat Clinon’s Orchestra. 12:30—News Commentator, T. K. Noss. 12 :46—Markets, weather report. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:30—St. Boniface School Band. 1:45—Regional Basketball Tournament broadcast from Jefferson High School Gymnasium.
House at 6 p. m. Services on Sunday morning will be Holy Communion at 8 and Morning Prayer at 10:45. There will be special passiontide music sung by the choir of boys and men.
The thinking fellow caUs A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can.for l^ecial Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Purdue Bowling Team Meets IHiweia This Afternoon
Faculty Tcama Fioni IW Universitica To Bowl During Meet
The Illini bowling squad will start the ball rolling again today, when they arrive here to compete with the Purdue varsity and faculty bowling teams on alleys in the Union Building. The meet will take place at 2:30 p. m. and all alleys will be occupied. Lineup Representing the student body will be P. Eckstein, J. Miles, J. Kmecza, J. Zachary, and R. Hooker, while the hurlers for the faculty will consist of J. Seaton, J. Wilbur, B. Petty, J, Frost, and R. Stuckey. Sunday’s bowling program should prove interesting when Marie Zipp and John Leahy oppose Bemadine Barnes and Ralph Stuckey on alleys one and two.
From the time that Coach Billy Thom took charge of Indiana wrestling affairs on October 19,1927, until the loss to Michigan on March 1, 1937, Indiana squads won 98 of their matches while losing but 10.
Dorner*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Not Too Late To Enroll Ballroom Dancing Classes Beginners’ Wed., March 17th ADVANCED Thurs., March 18th
Allen' 6th and Ferry
NO MATTER WHAT TIME
You can always find some one waiting to serve you, either from the Grill or the Fountain.
Drop in between classes and relax your mind, while you have a sandwich, coke, or s^omething else from the menu. Eat, drink, and be merry in the
C^tdl F
oiiM.ae
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
C(im«r of C«mpuo~Caiitot of AoHviHoo
-...i ■
"I'’*'.. . I’' V !
0
' ' -1 r,*, >‘H''
P»ge Four
Noss To Discuss Dating Problems For Co-eds T. K. Noss, of the education departmenti will speak to the home economies discussion group on, “As Others See You” from the male viewpoint. He intends to talk on general dating problems at the meeting to be held Tuesday, March 16, at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building This IS the fourth meeting of its kind and is sponsored through the combined efforts of the Virginia C. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu, home economics honorary.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
Guidance Conference Bullbfins Now Available Proceedings of the second annual Guidance Conference, held here last fall, are now available in bulletin foim A limited numbei of the bulletin, “Studies In Higher Education,” containing the complete addresses of educational authorities delivered during the conference, have been published for distribution
Junior Wins Award At Theater Drawing W C Rogers, junior m the mechanical engineering school was iichei by $150 this morning as the lesult of a prize diawing at the New Main theatei last night Rogeis attended the theatei Thuisday night and signed a pioxy card that enabled him to win the awaid al though he was not present at the time of the di awing
C \NCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, Maich 20th Cancellation cai ds may be obtained from the heads of departments These caids must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the depaitment in which the subject is given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office Assignments may be cancelled without giade after March 20th if pioperly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men M L FISHER, Dean of Men
A Complete ‘‘Bread-Line”
Your appetite for bread need never grow weary if you vary your choice from the fine selection of breads made at this bakery. They’re all top quality —the tastiest breads of their kind—^and always piping fresh.
Graves’ Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Send us your Dry Cleaning now and avoid the Easter Rush We promise you the best of work and good prompt service. Phone 3085 and have our driver call or take them to either our East or West Side Office.
Amerian Laundry
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
80 Co-eds Tryout For Festival Day Dances Tryouts for dances that are to be a part of the Festival Day pag-eant on May 8 were held yesterday in the Women’s Gymnasium with Floy Crepps in charge. Two tryouts were held, one at 4:00 in which 56 girls participated, and one at 6:45 at which 26 more girls tried out. The dances that are to be given by the girls are the Highland Fling, Irish dance; Butcher, Baker, and Candlestick Maker; and Country Lassie.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and lepaired. Supplies for all machines C. F Ebershoif, 606 Main street. Phone 2779: ' "
Handsome Console Table—Suitable for large room or hall (cost new $75) Piiced to sell Mmois, caid tables, etc, at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N Fifth stieet
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service Near as your phone Call 5205 We deliver Kane’s Punt Shop, 401 South 29th street
Scrivener—Meeting ptbtponed to March 14 at 2 30 p m m room A of the Memorial Union Building —RADKEY
Reserve Officers—Any second lieutenants of the Oiganized Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regulai Army see me at the Armory before 4pm March 24 —HAYFORD
NOTICES No notices accepted aUer 8 p. m.
P O M M —Initiation ceremony will be held March 16 in the Aimory All actives and pledges please be present in uniform —McCANDLESS
Removal of Math Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p m in the Recitation Building —MARSHALL
Lutheran Students’ Club—Business and social meeting March 14 at 7 30 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building All members should attend this im-
Organic Chemistry Conditions—^Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p m April 10 Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess —^NELSON
English and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday March 20, at 1 p m in room 201, Education Building —CREEK
Military Training Conditions—An examination foi removal of C grades in Military Training 3, Motors will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1 30 p m Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt Haj - 'ord before noon March 20 —HAYFORD
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 3, topography, will be held m the instructors’ room. Armory, at 3pm March 26 Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt Hayford in the adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4pm March 24 —HAYFORD
C E 6 Conditions—A Special examination for removal of conditions in freshman surveying, C E 6, will be given March 20, at 1 p m in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building Permit slips should be obtained by March 18 —TODD Prom Goers—Get permits by March 18 from Student Senate office —GRAHAM
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year This should be done in my office in HeaVilon Hall —BRAY
a EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB 822-24 Main
Yonr Hat > Sait - .Topcoat Gloves - §earf - Neektie -
are conspicuous more on Easter than any other time Have them Crown Cleaned today as Easter is only 2 weeks away.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
P I A -Advanced dance class will be be held in ballroom of Memorial Union Building March 15 at ” p m —BUXTON.
Reamer ClubMaich In
-There will be no meeting —BUXTON
portant meeting
-MAAHS
Sophomore Chemicals—Return information cards to room 107 of Heavilon Hall be fore March 17 —LOVELL
Sophomore Chemicals—All expecting to make the inspection trip during spring vacation make deposit in room 107 of Heavilon Hall between 1 and 5 30 p m any day except Satuiday All deposits must be in by March 19 - LOVELL DeMolay Obligatory Day—March 14 at the Salem Reformed Church 6th and Ferry street All DeMolays invited New officers will be installed and special program is planned WOLP ^ Glider Club—Work session this afternoon I Meet at 1 p m in the Mechanical Building I —ONEAL I Virginia C Meredith Club and Omicron Nu— Joint meeting at 7 p m March 16 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Un ion Building —MURPHY
Festival Day—^Dance Group Will the following girls meet in the Women’s Gym March IS at 4 p m Sally Bouton, Barbara Cook Thais Crepps Glhnora Cullither, Ajine Daugherty Marion Frazier Pat Henly Helen Johns Georgianna Baker, Elinor Beal Margaret Johnson Barbara Roderick Arlene Rothenberger and Emily Watts —CREPPS
Zouaves—Meeting and drill March 16 has been postponed form 4 p m to 6 30 p m This will be a dress rehearsal Important that everybody attend —MURRAY
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
NOW YOU CAN HAVE INDIRECT LIGHTING IN ANY ROOM AT LOW COST
R, J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic * Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
.... with this Sensational, New MOR-LIGHT ADAPTOR A few quick turns of the wrist . • . and you can have modem indirect lighting in place of your old-fashioned fixtures. The Mor-Light Adaptor can be quickly installed without alterations. With a Mor-Light Adaptor in use, the light is reflected upward to the ceiling, eliminating glare and shadows just like the most expensive indirect lighting installations. Yet this sim* pie, new Adaptor costs only ^2.25, complete with a new Mazda lampt At such a low price, you can afford to j^ut one on every bare lamp in the house, imd replace old, out.of<4ate fixtures. See the Mor-Light Adaptors at our showroom. Complete with Mazda tamp . * .$2.25.. . 25c Down — 25c Monthly
SCREW INTO SOCKET JUST LIKE MAZDA LAMP
Unseraw and rampva I present lamp
Screw In MOR-UUHT ADAPTOR and lamp.
Operate pull chain andpreatoi ..., modern illumination.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY ] OF INDIANA