2$th Annual Road School Opens Monday For Five Days Purdue’s Annual Road School which opens Monday to celebrate its silver anniversary will bring together for a fiveday conference city, county, and state officials, contractors, materials and equipment men, and others interested in various phases of street and highway problems. In 19l3 Dr. W. K. Hatt; former head of the civil engineering school, issued a call for a two weeks’ “Civil Engineering Conference” to be held Welcome!
Purdue Exponent
z-u$
SATURDAY
January-SM, 1939
Lafayette, bidiona
Vol. 50
No. 97
Agnew To Play For Interfraternity Ball
Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school, will welcome visitors to the 25th Annual Road School, which opens on Monday.
on the campus. A similar conference was held the next year with the time reduced to one week. With the enactment by the Indiana state legislature, in 1914, of a la-^v creating the office of county highway superintendent, the 1915 school was designated as a “Road School.” Monday’s program is as follows: 9 a. m.—Registration in room 202 Civil Engineering Building. General sessions, room 201 Civil Engineering Building. 1:30 p. m.—Address of welcome by Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school. 2 p. ni.—“Right-of-Way Problems.” 2:45 p. m.—“Aerial Surveys for Highway Builders.” 3:45 p. m.—“Some Highway Extension Views.” 7:30 p. m.—Smoker, Union ballroom. Pan-Hellenic Council Sets Time For Second ( Semester Open Rush A period of open co-ed rush will open February 5 and last until February 10. All co-eds who wish to go through this second semester rush may do so by paying a registration fee of 50 cents. This fee will be paid at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Memorial Union Building between 1 and 4 o’clock Saturday, February 4, according to Jean Stolz, president of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council. Invitations to teas, informal dinners, and any other form of entertainment sponsored by the sororities may be delivered after noon Sunday, February 5. During this rush period, pledging may take place any time between noon Sunday, February 5, and midnight Friday, February 10. Dean Matthews Speaks At University Of Illinois “The Home Economist Looks at the World” was the topic discussed by Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the home economics department, at the University of Illinois yesterday. The occasion was a meeting for home economics students aiTanged by Omicron Nu, home economics honorary.
Perrine To Discuss Sound Transmission In Gymnasium Feb. 1 Dr. J. O. Perrine, lecturing scientist for the American Telegraph and Telephone Company, will talk on “Words, Waves, and Wires” on Wednesday, February 1, at 7:30 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium. Dr. Perrine’s talk will be sponsored by the Committee on Convocations and Public Lectures. Perrine holds degrees from Iowa, Michigan, and Cornell. He will give demonstrations with sound, spech, and music, arid will bring acoustically to the audience many of the results relating to the union of sound with electricity, which scientists have labored many years in their laboratories to fully understand. As a part of the demonstration, special telephone hook-ups between Lafayette and New York, and Lafayette and Dallas, Tex., will be arranged. Speech and music will he sent over these circuits and then come out. of a high quality loud speaker in the Gymnasium. January 'Engineer' Contains Articles Concerning Campus Six out of nine articles in the January issue of the Purdue Engineer, out today deal with subjects concerning the campus. Leading article of the issue is written by Prof. Ben H. Petty of the civil school, and tells of the history, growth, and present work of the road school which is scheduled to open Monday. If you have marveled at the variety of steam shovels working on the campus, “Earth Movers,” by Paul Newman, will tell you about power steam shovels and how they should be used. The campus building situation is taken up from a different aspect—• the engineering standpoint. This article answers questions such as how much dirt has been moved, how much concrete is being poured, and how many carloads of lumber will be used in making forms. Prof. H. M. Jacklin, of the mechanical engineering school outlines briefly the history of the Society of Automotive Engineers’ local chapter. This issue contains two full page pictures; one of a huge dredge used for mining gold in California, and the other a Horton spheroid—a new kind of a tank for storing gasoline. For the first time each article has a subtitle designed to give the reader a rough idea of what the article contains. Music Room Displays Paintings By Swan Thirty-five water color paintings are now on display in the music room of the Union. The paintings represent scenes from widely scattered points in the United States and were done by Walter Buckingham Swan, Boston artist. The exhibit, sponsored by the applied design department, will remain on display until Thursday. Swan has studied in both American and European art schools, and is held in high regard by con-tempoi-ary artists. N. R. Morris Receives Post On Home Economics Staff Miss Nellie iJ. Morris, formerly of Ohio State University, was recently appointed a member of the home economics staff. Miss Morris has a Purdue Research Foundation Fellowship in textile chemistry, and is starting research in that fielcl under the direction of Dr. Marion Griffith.
400 Tickets Will Be Sold At Two Dollars Each Charlie Agnew was signed yesterday to play f6r the Interfraternity Presidents’ Ball on February 10, orchestra committee chairman Carl Swan announced last night. Agnew will come here directly from Chicago, where he is broadcasting and playing nightly. Four hundred tickets will go on sale in fraternity houses for two dollars each. Decorations for the Ball will carry out the “Fraternity Theme,” with crests of the various fraternities around the wall. Agnew will make his third appearance on campus in the last two years when he plays for the Ball. He played for the Sophomore Cotillion last March and joined with Buddy Rogers for the Junior Prom last April.
Leaving
Takiiij Over
Bud Bryant. .. . . . will lead the band which has borne his name during the past three and a half years for the last time at tonight’s regular dollar mixer in the Union ballroom, and dancing will continue from 9^ o’clock until midnight. Bud will lead the band until intermission, and A1 Kienly will take over the job as front man for the organization after that time. Bryant, who received his degree in electrical engineering here last year will leave toriiorrow for Schenectady, N. Y., where he will work for the General Electric Company. Bill Martin was chosen by the boys to manage the band upon Bryant’s leaving, and the band will bear his name in the future. Bud and his men have worked up several medleys of tunes which have been popular in the past years for tonight’s mixer. Such tunes as “We Just Couldn’t Say Goodbye”—(the first tune Bud ever played with a band), and “In Other Words We’re Through,” will comprise this group, as well as tell the story. V
Bill Martin
West Lafayette Organist To Give Recital Tomorrow A special organ recital by Mrs. F. J. Roberts will.be given in the West Lafayete Methodist Church tomorrow at 6:30 p. m. Mrs. Roberts, the church organist, will play “Nightingale and the Rose,” by St. Saems; “Dreams,” by Wagner; and “Liebestraum” by Liszt. The concert will be given under the auspices of Wesley Foundation, and Foundation authorities invite all students to attend. No admission charge will be made. Exponent... . . . will not be printed tomorrow, although papers will appear Tuesday and Thursday. Publication will be suspended for a short period between semesters, and d^ily publication will be resumed Monday, January 30.
Book Exchange Calls ‘I For Juniors To Work, Possibly Join Board student Book Exchange is offering a call to all juniors who would like to work on the exchange and possibly be elgcted to the control board in the latter part of February. Third year men will help the records manager and do some clerical work. During the week the book store is open, juniors will be required to work about 6 or 8 hours but after that their hours will depend primarily upon the committee in charge. There will be openings for five or seven men, depending on the number of good students turning out. A 3.5 index is required and any student interested should see Sully Mason, now in charge of the exchange. Students interested in selling their books should bring the books to the Union ballroom on January 31, but no' books will be sold the first day. Anyone selling a book must present their passport. W. Hill Speaks On Last Day Of Annual Pest Control Conference W. B. Hill told over 100 representatives to the third Annual Pest Control Operators’ Conference the “Procedure, Hazards, and Precautions in Termite Control” yesterday morning in the Agricultural Building. He spoke to an audience that included listeners from Texas, to Canada, and from Iowa to New York. G. L. Hockenyos, Springfield, HI., lecturing on “Diagnosing the Job,” ended his third daily talk to the group. Speaking from experience, W. E. McCauley, of the University of Illinois, discussed “Standardized Technique for Soil Treatment Tests Against Subterranean Termites.” Following the talks, a general round table discussion of questions and answers was held with the three speakers. T. E. Snyder answered the questions raised. These meetings ended the conference which, according to officials, has proven to be the most interesting and beneficial of the three held so far.
Want To Be A "Joe”?- Here’s How
By John Alvin Walkey The term “Joe” is becoming- increasingly popular in the vocabulary of every modern student. From the smallest college to the largest university, students no longer waste time—they “Joe.”
The results of “time wasting” and “Joeing” are identical, the only difference being in the conscience of the offender. It doesn’t sound insulting to be called a “Joe,” but refer to someone as being a “time waster” and you might have a fight on your hands. Go To Union In the performance of this “Joeing” operation, one must be in the proper mental attitude. Usually the “Joe” should have plenty of studying to do; in fact, he should have so much to do that he just doesn’t know where to begin. This along with the proper environment, such as the Union Building, will in all probability make a “Joe” out of anyone. The “Joe” usually enters the Union with a brisk walk, almost a run, as if it were a m'atter of life or death. His first stop is in the main lobby. With a quick glance he surveys the lobby, hoping he will see nothing to detain him from his goal.
which should be the sweet shop or the grill. If all goes well, he is soon all but falling down the 35 steps which separate the main floor and the basement. In Goes “Joe” In true accordance with the ole saying, “Birds of a feather flock together,” our “Joe” feels the urge to enter the already bulging Sweet Shop. If he finds it impossible to gain enti’ance through the frontdoor, he immediately sneaks on in through the cafeteria, and approaches from the rear. Once inside, he is not a great deal better off than he was outside. The cigarette smoke is as dense as the mind of a student after cramming for a final all night. To recognize anyone, the determined “Joe” must stick his face into-every booth, thus subjecting his well-being to more risks. He Sees a Friend If by chance an acquaintance is recognized some distance away, the
“Joe” finds it practically impossible to maneuver within speaking distance. Attempts to attract the friend’s attention with a savage war whoop may bring results, but sometimes even this is inaudible because of the noise, of the surging throng and Bing Crosby singing “Have You Forgotten So Soon,” on the nickel victrola. By this time the discouraged “Joe” glances at his watch. He doesn’t have time to get a coke, probably left his change home on the dresser anyway. The Classroom Beckons Getting out of the Sweet Shop presents an equally difficult task. Again the “Joe” finds his best bet the rear door. Once out, he shakes his shoulders, straightens his tie, and in all probability chokes as the fresher air rushes into his limgs. Gosh, what an hour; he’ll just about make his next class, that is, if he isn’t careful. Strolling out of the Union with the pace of a tired snail, he gets a guilty feeling as he passes the Library. He knew he had some reports to get in before that final, but durnit, grades aren’t the only thing —he abjectly murmurs.
Students Vote On November 4-Day Recess At Registration Student opinion on the Thanksgiving holiday question will be put to the test at second semester registration when a vote of five alternate proposals will be taken. Four of these proposals will provide for a four-day Thanksgiving holiday, including Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, while the fifth will allow students to indicate that an unchanged calendar is their choice. This action will be taken as a result of decisions made by the new faculty-student Committee on the University calendar which was recently appointed by the faculty. The tabulated results of the poll will be used by this committee as a guide in making recommendations to the Executive Committee and the faculty for changes in the calendar. All students enrolled in the University will be asked to vote on these five proposals at registration. To insure that students imderstand the proposals and just what they will mean, the Exponent will announce them next Tuesday morning and explain how each one will work. Any changes that may be approved by the faculty will go into effect with the school year 194041. Next year’s calendar will be similar to this year’s, however, since it has already been officially announced and cannot be changed now. The personnel of the Committee on the Calendar consists of: Professor R. B. Wiley, chairman; Professors R. B. Stone, V. C. Freeman, Amy I. Bloye, A. P. Poorman, and D. C. Clark; H. I. Stanback, T. D. Cabonargi, Mary Jane Carr, (Richard Obenchain, and J. C. VanHom; and Mr. E. B. Baugh. Hostel Movement Gains Popularity In United States Since 1910 youths of the old country have been taking advantage of the Youth Hostels of Europe, seeing Europe at minimum expense. The organization was founded by a Wesfalen, Germany, school teacher, Richard Schirrmann, who now serves as president of the Youth Hostel Conference. His idea was to arrange inexpensive hotels for his pupils to stop at while on overnight hikes. The idea spread through Germany, then into Holland, France, Denmark, Czechoslovakia, and England. Movement Spreads Here The summer of 1933 Isabel and Monroe Smith took a group of high school students to Europe to study the European Youth Hostels. That December 27 they purchased an old estate in Northfield, Mass., and started the first youth hostel in tha United States. By 1938, 184 hostels had been founded in this country. In America the purpose of the youth hostels is to “help all, especially young people, to a greater knowledge, understanding, and love of the world by providing for them Youth Hostels, bicycle paths, and foot trails in America, and by assisting them in their travels, both here and abroad.” In 1936 there were 827 hostelers holding stamps for hosteling abroad. Hostels In Middle West The American Youth Hostels plans trips for students, both here and abroad. Hostelers abroad cross the ocean third class, and then spend ten weeks bicycling or hiking through Europe. A hosteler pays 25 cents per night for lodging and can live on a dollar a day. The summer can be had for between $300 and $360. _ Here in the middle west Wisconsin, Michigan, and Illinois have youth hostels. The southeast, west, and east have hostel trails also. Fatally Mefflben... ... will hold their regular monthly meeting Monday at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter HaU. A full Attmdeem, is expected by the presidenfis office.
IBodc-Stealing...
... is a racket that is far too easy to work around the University campus. To follow that nefarious pursuit it is simply necessary to make away with an armload of textbooks from some rooming house or fraternity and then march down to the village and sell them as second-hand property. This summer even grammer school children tried it. A small group of them invaded a fraternity house, got away unseen, and then tried to sell one of the book stores half a dozen valuable texts. The fact that they tried to sell a book that wasn’t even used by the University may have been the only reason their .thievery was detected since a clever story ip.ade their attempted sale plausible. There doesn’t seem to be any simple answer to the situation. The book stores have no way of detecting stoien books, so they must buy almost any that are turned in. However, they have found that some persons refuse to present student passports when selling books. This may either be caused by the fact that students do not make a habit of carrying their passports, or it may be that these students are trying to sell something which doesn’t belong to them. In any case it is a mighty suspicious gesture when a person absolutely refuses to identify himself. The student book exchange can get around the matter very easily, since they keep the names of the students who present books as a matter of record. The exchange also has a rule which very definitely states that all sellers must show passports. This rule was adopted at the express wishes of the University Board of Trustees. It would cause the book stores a great deal of trouble to keep records similar to those of the exchange. With student cooperation, however, they could easily ask to see passports. As an additional safety precaution they might require that the student selling the book have his name written in ink on the flyleaf. Then in case a stolen book was later found in the bookstore tracing the thief would be an easy matter. Of course there is no way to check up on the amount of such petty thievery which may
Editor Asaociate Editoia
PUBUCATION STAFF Manaslnir Editor. —L. S. Hardin City Editor — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors.. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnsinesa Manairer H. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — — E. M. Antonini Circulation litonager— — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. — .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager.. W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A, Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent OSice BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 RCeilCSKNTSD FOR NATIONAI. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Represeulaiive AZO MADISON AvE. New York, N. Y. CHicAao ■ BoaTOR ■ Loa Asaai-aa - sah FaARciaco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, 'are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewp^nt. All unsigned editorials are vrritten by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Leber Saturday, January 21, 1939
exist. We don’t believe it would amount to any spectacular “crime wave.” However, our suspicions and the suspicions of those in charge of West Lafayette’s book stores have been aroused by the number of students who act insulted when asked to present passports.
Now that PAT WADE has decided to leave school, we know what she will do. But we are wondering what PAUL BERGMANN will do? It’s a sad affair—^what with finals and all.
Especially appropriate in these hard times of exams is this bit of pome: I think that I shall never see A “D” as lovely as a “B”— A “B” whose rounded form is pressed Upon the records of the blessed. A “D” comes easily and yet It isn’t easy to forget. “D” is made by fools like me, But only God can make a “B”.
DEAN MEYER, vice-president of Cary Hall, was seen taking advantage of the recent snow by skating on the sidewalks with VERA HUGLE, MARIAN NAU, and their landlady about 11 p. m. the other night. Who said the vice-prexy was a forgotten man?
T appreciate fans writing to ask to marry me, but really they must enclose stamped, -addressed envelopes in case of rejection!”
7 :30. All editorial staff members please attend. Monday, January 23, Frederick, night editor; Terrio, stooge; Ganzar, issue; Leber, proof; Donahue, McKee, DeHoog, McKeighan, Newsbaum, workers. Wednesday, January 26, Kroeplin, night editor ; Insley, stooge; Massey, issue; Heiple, proof; DeHoog, Taylor, Ehrhardt, Sears, workers. —HARDIN.
Monday, January 23. in room E at 4 p. m. —McKEE.
ME Sophomores: Get notice regarding revised listing of aeronautics courses from school office. (1-31) —WOOD.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Couter, Carroll, Pickering, and Short work with Johnson
Mixed Swim: Saturday, January 21, at' 4 p m. in the Women’s Gym. 10 cent charge for men — co-eds admitted free. Men will be required to present their passports. —CASE.
tomorrow /^t in. the i (^kuf^cked
Presbyterian Morning program at the Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. 9:30—Discussion group led by Rev. Findley. 10:40—Moi’ning worship. Dr. W. R. Graham will preach. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street. West Lafayette. 6:00—Supper will be served at 10 cents per plate, and will be followed by a brief devotional service. There will be no formal program.
11:00—Lesson-Sermon. Wednesday evening testimonial meeting at 8' o’clock in reading room 66 and 67, Loan and Trust Building, Lafayette. All are welcome.
Opposite east entrance of Union. 128 Noith Grant.
FOR RENT—Modem furnished sleeping rooms with kitchenette, running hot water, steam heat, good location for students. Phone 71201
WANTED—Roommate for senior In quiet comfortable room. Ten dollars. Phone 2085.
ROOM AND BOARD for two students at 108 Waldron. Phone 41862.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown Shaeffer mechanical pencil. Call Mock, 76721. Reward.
Exponent Exam Work Schedule: Staff members will please note the following schedule. Advise corrections at once. Workers not listed please select one of the work nights and be there. Daily publication will be resumed following finals on Monday evening, 30th. Report on regular nights if possible. Extra work will be appreciated. Reorganization meeting for second semester will be in Exponent office, February 1, at
FOR SALE
INSIST ON Chamberlin’s lee Cream, Indiana’s finest Phone 3028
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPiJWRITEKS—All makes, standJoM and ponable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as 829.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebenhoff, 606 Main street.
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—Students’ rooms, one half block from campus. 130 So. Grant St.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Student class; Dean Fisher will be the teacher. 10:30—Morning worship. Sermon, “Can I be Related to God?” by Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30—Vespers. 6:00—Social Hour. 6:30—Round table discussion group.
FOR RENT—Room with sleeping poich.
YOUR PROBLEMS SOLVED! We Prepare Scholarly Book Reviews, Debates, Essays, Papers, Speeches, Graduation Theses. Any subject promptly. 50c per typed page. Also Translations (all languages) reasonably. EXPERT RESEARCH CO. Box 36 Jackson, Ga.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 , and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00—Young Peoples’ Fellowship supper. 7:00—Program.
ARC
Wesley Foundation 9:30—Co-ed department, “Practical Christianity.” Men’s class, “Shall We Have War?” 10:50—Morning worship, “Open and Closed Doors.” 5:00—Fellowship supper, Mrs. Glen McFadden in charge. 6:30—Org^n concex-t by Mrs. F. J. Roberts.
LAST DAY-
Roger Williams Club West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Sunday morning class; Clarence Dammon, teacher. 10:35—Sunday morning worship. Sermon, “The Fruits of the Christian Life,” Rev. Joseph B. Gleaspn. 6:30—Roger Williams Club social hour and lunch. 6:30—Discussion, “The Great Jews of the World,” Florence Senour. 7:30—Evening Worship. Sermon, “Some Church Objectives,” Rev. Joseph B. Gleason.
— and — BEMEAUmSi^ SPSUNGTIME IN THE ROCKIES
First Church of Christ Scientist 9:30—Sunday school.
SUNDAY-MONDAY KEEP SMILING BULL DOG DRUMMOND'S PERIL SHORT SSUBJECTS
LUHA
SUNDAYS MONDAY CPSIIY ^
‘ '' uul'
Adolph Zukot pr»i«nh
SING
YOU SINNERS*
lOU'U lOVI THOSE BEEBES WHEN rOU NEAR 'EMSINGI ‘Tvt Got a Pocketful el Oreanis” "Lough anO Call It Lava" “Geu't Eel That Meoo Gal Away” I
ELIZABETH PAHERSON 1 DONALD O’CONNOR LAST DAY JOHNNY MACK BROWN — in — "BOOTHILL BRIGADE" — and —- PRESTON FOSTER — In — "THE LAST WARNING"
ha Aid
MIDNITE PREVUi TONITE 11:30
HAW, RAW, FOOTBALL! Blue-streak Fenner gets the ball... and the other side scores again!... He's half a fullback—and all goop! ...in the funniest gridiron (fame you eVer saw L M
Mr. Voodlb xKlCK$ Off wilh JUNE TRAVIS RICHARD LANE BEN ALEXANDER BILLY GILBERT JACK CARSON ■I'S ^ALAN BRUCE^J FIRST RUN —TODAY— ROBERT LIVINGSTON — in — THE NIGHT HAWK — PLUS — PETER LORRE — in—• THINK FAST MR. MOTO
YOU’VE GOT A DATE
STARTS TODAY
is
V i
DON^T LOOK NOW...BUT...
— LAST DAY — LORETTA YOUNG RICHARD GREENE in "KENTUCKY"
FREDRIC MARCH VIRGINIA BRUCE PUTSY KELLY, AUN MOWBMY
nancy CARROU — STARTS —
TOMORROW umneiu
VSaturdctyi. Januory 2L 1939
THEfOBDUE
EXPONENT
Clevett Announces Program For Indoor Season; Carnival Scheduled This Year With the present semester’s intramural activities concluded, ‘•Chief” Clevett, head of that department, yesterday announced an extensive program for the coming semester. The variety of sports offered should make it easy for everyone to get into one or more in which he is interested.
One of the first meets stffieduled is an alj-campus squash tournament of handicap form to be held at the very beginning of next semester. The method of, handicapping will give the varsity men a chance to enter the meet, but others will have an equal opportunity to win.
Annual Carnival
The indoor carnival, which was held for 15 consecutive years before the record was broken when it was dropped last year, is to be revived in all its glory this year. It will be held sometime in March and will include all of the events for which made it one of the most popular events of the season in past years.
Another event of importance is the second annual fraternity indoor track meet. Also included among the intramural sports tournaments for the coming months will be the ward and fraternity rifle meets, the inter-fraternity ping pong doubles, the ward swimming meet, and an interfraternity volley ball competitiun.
Forbes, Weisman Break Union Balkline Record Established By Ingleman Threats of coming finals failed to stem the accuracy of Purdue billiards players when the record at 14.1 pocket billiards was broken twice on the unlucky (?) Friday,
January 13. ~
Former Record 24 The former record of 24 was set by M. H. Ingleman on October 18 last year and was broken by Don Forbes with a run of 26 in the morning. That record in tura was tied by P. H. Weisman the same afternoon. Ingleman’s 24 run broke d record of five years standing. The straight rail billiards players are actively engaged in competition for places on the team to play in the intercollegiate competition
February 9.
APPETIZING HEALTHFUL FOOD served quickly from two fast moving lines await you in THE UNION CAFETERIA Economical, spotlessly clean, and with variety to suit every taste
TybmiftmL lAnimL The Corner of dhe Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
Tielder’s...
WAANews
...choice
4——-— #
Mixed Swim
Eecreational swimming has been
By Bruce Witwer Purdue University has come to the rescue as always in the tiihe of great need by the student body . . . the wrestling room in the Fieldhouse is now being equipped with mats all around the walls ... on the surface of the whole thing it is claimed that the improvement is solely for the wrestlers, who object now and then to being slammed against the brick walls every so often. —^fc— A private source of information which has proven to be entirely reliable has brought a different light on the matter however ... a note written in short hand and invisible ink was handed to us today which clarified the whole proceedings. —^fc-— With the most trying finals in history looming in the offing, the University bought mats and fixed up the wrestling room as a-padded cell... more commodious and airy than any to be found in the country . . . trust Purdue to be a leader in everything.
We carry a stock of Dr. Grabow Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.50. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
Mu. U '
' ' s
• • #
DESIGNE0:.B»JHY;SICIAN FOR,,fciBEUiER.SMQfeX
dR. grabow
„^e.$»aokeo pi pc.
yoG'*-*-
.■{-SHE'J.l. "
Genuine Bridt Bowl
INURIOCKING FtATURE
- -v
You don't hove to ilruggle with a Dr. Grobow-T-it's America's onl/ pipe that's a pal fram the first puff.--because it's mechanically; Pre. Smoked with fine tobacco. M. Itukinai) S CempaRy, Chicago
OniR Sheaf--;e» jHbo All Seven ot today’s Wanted Pen features
For any gift occasion, what finer gift than a Sheaffer Lifetime pen, matched ensemble, or desh set—beautiful, striking, and guaranteed for the owner's lifetimel And, giving so much, what gift tKwts so little? Pens, $2.75 Up - Ensembles, $3.95 Up Dry^Proof Desk Sets, $5.00 Up
DECKER'S
518-520 Main Si.
Phone 6477
planned for couples this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. Eds must bring a date, present their registration cards, and pay 10 cents, officials have an-
nounced.
Co-ed Swim Swims have been planned for coed recreation (on Tuesday and Thursday at 4 o’clock. If 10 or more of the girls would like to swim any other evening they may do so by signing up at the gym or telephoning the office in advance. Girls are to bring their own caps and shoes. This plan may be practiced in the future if it proves satisfactory.
Trying cases of “Snakes” or bats in the belfry, will be put there until they become normal again . . . looking the situation over shows the action to be very wise ... besides helping out the students in a dire time of need, it is also available for teachers on the off edge and coaches who have cracked from worT’ying over their teams.
By Jim Hebbeler As another step in far-flung intramural program under the direction of “Chief” Clevett, you golf duffers, beginners, and experts will be given a chance to improve your game under the instruction of Harry Allspaw, professional at the West Lafayjl ette Country Club, starting February T, from 3 to 5:30 each afternoon.
The instruction will be given on the indoor golf range in the subbasement of the, Fieldhouse until warmer weather is in the offing, when the instruction will be moved outdoors. Equipment can be procured at the check-out 'window, although each individual may bring his oWn clubs. Must Sign Up Indoor equipment includes two dri'ving ranges and several putting carpets. The driving ranges "will accommodate four persons at one time, and “Chief” expects to be able to take care of from 12 to 15 persons at a time. A card will be put on the bulletin board outside the check-out window for those interested to sign on, and instructions will be given on a priority basis. Tests will be given to all at the beginning to determine whether they shall be placed in the beginners, duffers, or advanced classes, as instruction will be given in accordance with ability. If sufficient
interest is shown, a special day wli be arranged for the faculty. New Greens Three new outdoor greens have been constructed on the field north of the Intramural Field, although they niay not be ready until late in April, depending upon weather conditions. The greens themselves are coming along fine but fairway grass is just started. These, plus one green on the northwest comer of Intramural Field should pro’vide an adequate facilities for practice. PERSONNEL NOTES A job is available for a Purdue student in a Lafayette store. Any student is qualified to apply whose father owns a furniture store, or who has had expeidence in the furniture business. Those interested, please apply at the Personnel Office, in the Executive Building immediately.
U
MEET at
WALGREEN
fCff
DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 408 SOUTH MAIN ST.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
'^Und^XGood Grooming Makes You-— Look Right! and Feel Right! Don’t deide that yonr old suit is past cleaning! Send it to ns at once, and share the pleasant surprise others already know. Yon’U agree too — it will look like NEW! Call 3085 American!
H. G. "Deac' REISNER^toaxL (Ml.
THE PUH DUE EXPOMENT
^ht-icoA.
Saturday, January 21,1939
The following abbreviations are* used for departments and buildings; AD—Applied Design Ag—Agriculture Agr—Agronomy AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry AE—Agricultural Engineering AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics B—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry ChemAn—Chemistry Laboratory Annex CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandy EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FHG—Field House Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N^—Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—^Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution iManagenient Math—Mathematics MM—Materia Medica M&—Mechanical Engineering Met—Metallurgical Engineering MT—Military Training ML—Modern Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry Psy—^Psychology Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Soc—Sociology Spell—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of exam- . inations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. ^Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite.
Period
SATURDAY, JAN. 21, 8-11 A. M.
Room
PE 46 ..All A * Poul 26 ...All. .:.... * Psy 1 »..J,K... Phys 202 Psy 1 ~..L......... ........Phys 204 Psy 1 M,N. Phys 206 Psy 101 All :.........Ed 6 Speh 141.....A11 *
Florida Southern College has established a professorship of democracy to combat fascism, communism and similar trends.
Engl 32 M .j .....Univ 309 Engl 32 P Univ 111 Engl 117.....B:...: Univ 301 Ent 9 All.. Ag 118 FMgt 9 All AE 202 F&N 19.......All - * For 107 All. * GE ll. I,J * Hort 11 All * Math 3 A-D * ME 30 G,H.. -ME 301, 306 ME 90.........B.; ..ME 3, 108, 207 Met 1...; C,D.. Phys 202 ML 23.. A. .....Phys 204 ML 23. B.E * ML 23: C,D..— * ML 41 All -Ed 101 PEW 75 .All- ChemAn 208 PhC 113—..All.: : * Phys Ic All— SC 211 Phys 10.—.All Phys 205 Speh 14 Y * Period 8 MONDAY, JAN. 23, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room AE 140 ..All * B 1 ...F,S,T,U EE.254 B 1 .....W.Z.AA SC 211 B 1. AB,AF-AH.. ME 207 B 18 ........A Phys 202 B 18...——B -.....-...SC 14 Chem l...„.A-H,XB.... Ed 101 Chem 263...A11...: Chem 320, 420 CE 17.... All -CE 308
GE 163 All— CE 103 DH 3 All- — * EE 19.: N-U EE 129, 134 EE 22 All... •. ..EE 360 Engl 19 .F Phys 204 Engl 32. E,XE,F * Engl 32.......I,XI G 101 Engl 32 J Chem 106 Engl 32 L Ed 201 F&N 24 All * GE 15 ...All..... G 104 Geol 107a...A ' :. * Hort 32 All Hort 210 IM 37 All Math 3 ....Z,AA-AC — * Math 4 .G * ME 61 A-F.— ME 301-312 ME 81 All ME 3,108, 207 Phar 17 All : Phar 311 Phar 35 All Phar 311 Poul 201. .All - speh 14. 0,P,Q:. * Period 9 MONDAY, JAN. 23, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 51— All- HE 108,109,202,213 AE 22 All : AE 202 Agr 23... All....: * AH 141 All * B 18............C SC 211 B 36 -All SC 114 ChE 34 All * Chem 2 ..All.............. Ed 101 Chem 4 All Chem 320, 106
Chem 133 All .....Heav 108, 109 CE 74.... All —CE 308 Econ 11—.K...: * Econ 117—All Rec 313 Econ 138—All : * Ed 3a C Ed 201 Ed 3a D Ed 208 Ed Ila All Ed 9 Ed 17— A ^ * EE 5 — All —: —.EE 347 EE 231 All — * Engl 1. R,XR ———.:G 101 Engl 1 S,U-X * Engl 1 .T,AG,AH EE 264 Engl 31 LJ... - * Engl 32—.A,fi,Q. — * Ent 7- All — Ag 103 FMgt 114-All Ag 206 For 111 All —Hort 202 GE no All EE 129 Geol 107a.... B *. Hist 1 .....A........... * Hist 121 All * Hist 122 All.. SC 14 IM 36...........A11 HE 107 .Math 1.......J-R * Math 2. G.D......... * Math 4 A * Math 12 ..J-0 * ME 61 G-L ME, ,301-312 ME 90.. A ME 103, 108, 207 Met 106 A...... ^ * ML 125....,..A11. .....:. * ML 149a.....All........ * PhC 131. AH :. * PE 33 All.. *
University of Oklahoma women have formed the American Co-ed Protective League to insure memr bers fro.m being stood up on a date.
More than 80 per cent of the fulltime graduate students at the University of Rochester are science majors.
A leaf-raking holiday is scheduled ■'every year at Illinois College.
Pres. James L. McConaughy of Wesleyan University has been elected lieutenant governor of Connecticut.
Oldest person represented in the Who’s Who of America is Dr. C. W. Super, former president of Ohio University.
Course
AD 103 Agr 11 AM 1. AM 1... AM 1 AM 2 AM 2. B 1 B 1 B 1 5,9- - B 18 B 130 B 132.... B 171..: ChE 128... Chem-119... Chem 131. C&T 26 Econ 11 Econ 11..... Econ 12 Econ 12..... Econ 115... Econ 125... Econ 127... Ed 31— Ed 135 EE 19 EE 39.. EE 143....... EE 148..... EE 174 - Engl 4 Engl 6...... Engl 19 Engl 27..... Engl 121a. Engl 121a. Ent 8. Ent 104 F&N 11 For 114 GE 11....... GE 16 GE 16 GE 104 Geol 101 Gov 104 Hort 26-.-Math 1. Math 3....... Math 13.— Math 119.. ME 30 ME 143.... Met 224..., ML 21 ML 21........ ML 21 ML 21. ML 169a.. PhC 7, Phar 201... PE 9 PE 9 PE 9 PE 34 Speh 14 Speh 16 Speh 116..
Divisions
.All. ; .All ...Ag 104, 206, 209 .C,G * .D,F....... ME 108 .E Pur 201 .F,G..... * T,U ME 108 ..L-0,R SC 211 ,.V,X,Y Phys 202 ..AD,AE :..EE 254 ..All. SC 4 ..E SC 114 ..All * ..All — * ..All .SC 12 ..A Heav 202 ..All Chem 420 All. .....Chem 420 ..All —... * B Phys 204 ..C -Phys 205 A Phys 206 .B........... Phys 207 .All ........Rec 313, 316 .G. Phys 103 . All Chem 320 ..All .....Ed 105 ,-All * ..A-F EE 129 -All EE 322, 324 -All....:.. : * -All * ..A.... EE 350 ..B Heav 109 „C : Sm 112 -G,XG.... * ..C Ed 208 B— * .. XB... : - * ...All * -All * .All HE 202, 213 All :...... * / .G,H. * A,B....:.... * ...C,D CE 301, 304, 101 ...B : -: G 101 ...A * ...All ...SC 14 ...All Hort 202 ...S-Z * ...E,F,G * ...A,XA * ..A,XA - * ...T,U,V ME 301, 306, 308 -Aii'--—Z’ZZZ'--' * ..A .....ME 103 ...B,D,E Chem 106 ...C... Ed 201 F * IaIII-”’-Z-’-r^Zd ”201 ...All * ...All.. * A *
-PC
...D..... ME 207, 209 .All • ..R-U * ...E * ...A,XA :.. * Period 7
SUCCESS FORMULA
Wpx
You don't have to be expensively dressed to
look the part of success—but you do have to
be neat and well turned out. That's where we
% 1
come into the success picture. Our high grade
cleaning service will keep your clothes looking
1 1
their best—-every day of the years.
l&i
Free Pick-Up and
1 m
Delivery Service
:
II
CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES - . z
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Shoe Repair
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac'essories and repairing. MULHAUPFS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
I
SATURDAY, JAN. 21, 1-
4 P. M.
Course
Divisions
Room
AD 59
....All
..HE 107
AH 108...
....All... Ag 103,
104, 206
AH 114...
....All...
-Ag 209
CE 163.—
...All
DH 2
....All
♦
DH 17.....
....All
*
Econ 12...
C,D...-
...CE 201
EE 11.......
_.A11
♦
EE 19
_J1-M
..EE 129
EE 146
....All
-EE 360
Engl 82...
....C,D,G,H.
♦
Make Chesterfield your New Year’s resolution ...they’ll give you more pleasure than any cigarette you ever smoked. Chesterfields are better because of what they give you —refreshing mildness, better taste and aroma. Chesterfields are the right combination of mild ripe American and aromaticTurkish tobaccos — rolled in pure cigarette paper. When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure...whyTUEY SATISFY.
the blend that canH he copied . .. « HAPPY COMBINATION of the world*s best cigarette tobaccos