iPhis' Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATOBDAY February 19, 1938 lofoyette, hrdicEna VOL 49 No. 115
Attendance Rnie K’ Claims Fisher
Convo Goers Hear Alan Yilliers' Windjammer Yarns “The Sea and Sailing Ships,” a lecture by Alan Villiers and illustrated with motion pictures taken at sea and ashore, will tell the romantic story of the last of the windjammers at Tuesday’s convocation. The program will be held at 8 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium. The lecture presents a synthesis of the best and finest pictures taken by Villiers during several adventurous voyages on the high seas in windjammers. The home port of these vessels is at Mariehamn in the Aland Islands, where the ships return after discharging their cargoes of Australian grain. Student passports will be required for admission, and no tickets will be available for townspeople unless vacant seats remain after 8 o'clock, convocation committee chairman Prof. J. T. Gunn stated last night. Pharmacy School Commences Batfle Against Narcotics In cooperation with the International Narcotics Association, the pharmacy school is helping to fight one of man’s dreaded enemies, narcotics, by observance of the nationwide “Narcotic Education Week,” which is to be held February 21-28. Believing that adequate narcotic defense depends upon education of the people, informative leaflets are being distributed to various gi’oups in the city. Ministers, schools, clubs, and other organizations are being urged to give serious thought to the dangers involved in the usage of habit-forming drugs. Three special broadcasts have been arranged over WBAA as part of the drive agaipst narcotics. More Rain Has Fallen ... in the first 18 days of February than has fallen in the entire month of February since XU/td\Jf WlUAl. ILTUU according to University weather records. The drought year of 1936 had a total of 4.68 inches for the entire month as against the 3.27 inches recorded for these first 18 days.
Records Show Cutting Privilege Has Not Increased Absence List 1 ' In an effort to determine the reactions to the proposed repeal or amendment of the voluntary attendance rule for juniors and seniors, several members of the faculty were
contacted last night.
When asked his opinion of the rule, Dean of Men M. L. Fisher answered, “We have been keeping daily attendance records in my office for the past 10 years, and as far as 1 can see, there has been no great change so far as at-
tendance cards would indicate.
“I believe the rule as it stands is satisfactory, but a
great deal depends u^on the instructors.”
Dean of Agriculture J.
Uniforms, Tuxes Mix At Scabbard And Blade Annual Formal Dance By The Roving Reporter Over 300 couples danced to the orchestrations of Joe McCartney and his orchestra at the annual formal Scabbard and Blade dance in the Union ballroom last night. Scabbard and Blade members dressed in their military uniforms while others attended in formal attire. Several members of the faculty were included among the pledges formally announced
last night.
Scabbard And Blade To Hunt'Best Soldier' Scabbard and Blade, military honorary society, will hold its annual Best Soldier Contest for all freshmen and sophomore military students, this year, shortly after the spring vacation. The contest will consist of a general review in which the participants will be given work in the principles of gunnery, a writ, a personal inspection, and an execution test in drill. Previous military grades will have no effect whatever in the selection of winners. As an incentive towards participation, the military department is offering medals and citations to the top five in each class, and citations to the next five. Entrants may sign up at the supply room in the Armory at any time.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Rain, changing to snow.
St. John’s Episcopal 10:46—^Morning service. Sermon topic will be “An Experimental Faith.” 0-00—Young people’s fellowship supper. Program at 7 o’clock, during which Prof. Kenn Carmichael will read a short play. Purdue Christian Foundation 9;30—student Sunday School class at the Christian Church. 10:40—Morning worship. E. K. Higdon will speak on “Pioneering in the Philippines.” 6:00—Student Vesper service in the main auditorium of the Christian Church. 5:30—^Young people’s discussion hour. Mervin Huffman will lead a discpssion on “The Average Man’s Responsibility for Unemployment.” 6:30—Social hour and 16 cent supper. 7;30—Evening worship. E. K. Higdon will speak on “Race Relations.” First Baptist 9:30—C. E. Dammon of the University personnel department will
teach the Sunday school class. 1Q:36—Rev. Barton Hunter, as the guest speaker, will preach qn “First-Hand Religion.” Special music will be furnished by the choir. 6:30—Roger Williams Club social hour followed at 6 o’clock by a 10 cent lunch. 6|30—Discussion group will be in charge of the second deputation which goes to Muncie February 26 and 27. Central Presbyterian 9:30—Discussion group, to be led by Dr. Graves on the subject, “The Education of Jesus.” 10:46—Morning Worship. Sermon by Dr. Graham, “Taking God’s Help.” The choir will sing under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University director i of glee clubs and choruses. 6:00—Recreation hour in the Educational Building of the church, including ping pong, shuffle board, etc. 6:00—Supper at 16 cents a plate. 6:46—Address by Prof. J. A. Estey on the subject, “What's Wrong With Business ?’-i
H.
Skinner stated, “The lower levels of students do not attend classes under the present ruling. I believe the rule tends to bring the scholastic average of the entire university down. The rule has had a bad effect on sophomores and freshmen.” Prof. W. T. Miller, of the ME school, said, “I am heartily in favor of voluntary attendance. If the students do not want to come, I would rather they stay away. Their presence detracts from the attention of the others.” Prof. E. J. Sheppard, of the history, economics, and government department, was quoted, “If the students would live up to their responsibility, it would be all right. I feel that the scholastic average has been lowered by students taking unfair advantage of this rule.” “Juniors and seniors set poor examples for the sophomores in their classes.” Prof. R. G. Thomas, of the history, economics, and government department, said, “There is a good deal of dissatisfaction over the present voluntary attendance rule, and I believe it must, be rearranged somehow. The educational system here is set up in such a way that class attendance is essential; the problem now is to find a polite way to get the students to attend class.” Lions' Club Sets Date For Annual Banquet Sponsored annually by the Lion’s Club in honor of the Purdue basketball squad, a community banquet will be held March 7 at 6:30 p. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building* was annbimced today by Prof. Jus'tus Rising, chairman of the banquet committee. Preliminary plans for the annual hardwood gathering were launched at a committee meeting Wednesday evening, at which the following committee assignments were made: ticket sales, Earl Good; program, Professor Rising and J. H. Le^orge; menu, Francis Roberts; publicity. Professor Rising and J. H. Lefforge; ticket takers, Otto May and H. G. Bundy; ushers, J. Sheay, and Robert Funkhouser. Complete details in regard to program arrangements and ticket sales will be announced within the next few days.
Boilermakers Will Meet Badgers Tonight In Game At Madison
Metallurgist To Tell Engineering Groups About New Process Dr. James Aston, of Pittsburgh, Pa., consulting metallurgist for the A. M. Byers Company, manufacturers of wrought iron, will speak before a combined meeting of the ASME, AIEE, ASCE, and AIGhE societies, Wednesday evening March 2, at 7 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. Aston was largely responsible for the (Development of the new process of making wrought iron and will illustrate his lecture with motion pictures showing the processes of manufacturing wrought iron in large quantities at the Byers company. New Process Radical This new process is a rather radical departure from the old style method of using the hand-fired furnace, ahd the manufacturers claim that the wrought iron made by this new process is equal in every respect to that made by former meth-
ods.
Student members of the engineering societies and the general public are invited to attend the illustrated lecture. New 'Engineer' Features Alumni Appearing in the February issue of the Purdue Engineer, are many interesting articles concerning pertinent engineering questions, including “Purdue’s Part in Boulder Dam,” “The Status of Air Conditioning,” and “Turbine Drive Locomotives.” In the articles on Boulder Dam, F C. Horn, EE ’39, discusses th6 important roles of Purdue alumni in the design and construction of the great dam. On air conditioning, J. F. G. Miller, ME ’03, and vice-presi-dent of the B. F. Sturtevant Company, tells about the present status of the air conditioning industry in this country. Tribute To Earhart “Search Abandoned,” by Folger McKinsey, a poetic tribute to the late Amelia Earhart, also appears in the new issue. R. O. Wickersham, ME ’38, discusses the advancement that has been made in the work on turbine drive locomotive during the past year, and F. L. Granger, Eng. ’41, tells about “Industry’s Lightest Structural Alloy’s.” In the new issue, there appears an enlarged Engineers’ Forum, along with the regular features on Purdue Personalities, and also two full page pictures, one of the new Administration Building, and the other of the Memorial Union Build-
ing.
AlChE Distributes
Lamberf Takes Eleven Men; Will Count On FastBreak Style Offense To Remain In Title Chase
Greenfield*s Books Merit
Magazine Recognition I Forms For Contest
In an article “The Teachings of Scientific French and German’* in a recent issue of Modern Language Journal, the author states that “Technical and Scientific German” a text by Prof. E. V. Greenfield, of the University’s modern language department, is the most popular book in the field of general scientific German, being used by more than 60 leading colleges and universities. The article also states that Professor Greenfield’s “Introduction to Chemical German” holds the same pqsition in the field of chemical German, being used by more''than 60 colleges and universities.
AIChE has recently distributed entrance forms for its annual - na-tion-wide contest involving manufacturing problems. Open to students in chemical engineering, the contest will continue for a period of three weeks. According to Prof.'R. N. Shreve, of the chemical engineering school, the results of the contest will not be announced until spring. Several prizes are being offered, first money being $100. Professor Shreve added that the nature of the projects assigned to the students is confidential and that the work is to be done independently.
Probable Lineups Purdue Pos. Young" .F Sines F Anderson C Dickinson G Beretta G
Wisconsin Powell Rooney !l-. Jones Frey Davis
Take advantage of Exponent service and call 5037-5038 ( for results of tonight’s encounter with the Badgers. “Piggy” Lambert and 11 of his basketball proteges left yesterday afternoon at 2 o’clock for Madison, Wis., where they will meet the Wisconsin quintet this evening in a return engagement.
Tonight’s game will be the one that decides whether or not the Boilermakers remain in the Big Ten I’ace. Purdue’s second place position in the conference standings is being eyed by Michigan, and if things don’t go the right way tonight the Gold and Black may find themselves no longer threatening Northwestern’s berth as Big Ten
leaders.
Wisconsin Sixth in Big Ten Wisconsin has a none too-impres-sive position in the Conference, rating sixth with three wins and four losses, but the Badgers will be playing on their home floor tonight which is a decided advantage. When they played here January 16, the game was entirely too close for comfort until the last few minutes, but the Boilermakers finally won, 40-34. Tonight’s battle will be one of height versus speed, with Wisconsin possessing the height advantage and Purdue the speed, with their fast-break type of basketball. That height is a factor to be reckoned with in spite of the elimination of the center jump was shown in the previous Wisconsin game, when the Badgers, by recovering most of the backboard rebounds, got possession of the ball time after time. Eleven Make Trip Boilermakers who left yesterday were Johnny Sines, Jewell Young, Gene Anderson, Fred Beretta, Tom Dickinson, Pat Malaska, Elwood Yeager, John Walkey, Sammy Lyboult, John'Vernon, and Dan Fisher. The squad will return Sunday. High School Scores Frankfort 26, West Side 21. Jefferson 22, Logansport 21. Huntington 36, Washington 21.
Rabbi Silver Will Direct Religious Convo Tomorrow “What is Permanent in Character?” will be Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver’s theme when he speaks before the student body at the religious convocation tomorrow morning in Eliza Fowler Hall, at 10:30. This will be the third time that Dr. Silver, of Cleveland, O., has appeared on the campus as the principal speaker at a religious convocation. Two^years ago he spoke on “Some Aberrations of Our Day” and last year his topic was “The Human Yearning for Other Horizons.” The University choir of 160 voices will render several selections as part of the program. Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, the choir Avill sing “Bless the Lord,” by Ippolitoff-Ivanoff, and “Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord,”by Mendelssohn, as anthems. The processional will be “America, the Beautiful,” and the closing hymn, “Sweet Hour
of Prayer.”
Former Home Ec Co’-ed Marries Hersh, ChE *37 Herman I. Hersh, ChE ’37, was married to Miss Gertrude Rosenfield, a junior in the home economics school last year, at Montclair, N. J., on January 23. They are residing at 48 Spruce street, Bloomfield,
N. J.
Hersh, who was president of the PIA last year, is ^mployed by the General Electric Company.
^Of Thee I Sing’A Wow,’ According To Sal Palma
By Jim McKee Mister ordinary human doesn’t know much about the actions of a presidential candidate, but Sal Palma, who ■will be John P. Wintergreen, the presidential candidate in “Of Thee I Sing,” seems very nonchalant and composed. He lives the life of an oi‘dinary human. In his off hours J. P. Winter green doesn’t work on the national budget or the naval situation, but turns to lighter things of life, the Union, the Sweet Shop, and cokes. For extra-curricular activities he does not fish or go on camping trips, but debates and takes part in the Union Variety Hours. First Campus Show “It’s my first campus show. In high school I had parts in the school musicals.” To be truthful, he had the leads the four years he was at Jefferson High across the river. The play’s a “wow” according to Sal. “If they only won’t cut out any of those scenes!” he commented as he reminisced about the bathing beauty contest, and of his secre-
Sal Palma tary, who later becomes his wife. How would any male student like to play opposite tiny blonde Marge Starrett? Sal answers this in few words, “Oh, boy!” He “just couldn’t think of anything much better.”TitE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, February 19. 1938
Is Repeal Of Class Cutting... .,. privileges of juniors and seniors being considered as a measure for helping those students scholastically .... or merely as a sort of protection for those departments and those instructors who are experiencing difficulty in getting good turnouts tor their daily lectures and recitations ? If the faculty members proposing that the optional attendance ruling be either altered or rescinded can answer affirmatively the first part of that question, then they may have grounds for debate .... if the latter is true, we can see little reason for reviving discussion on the matter. Keeping instructors on their toes is one of the ma.ior problems of a university — or should be — and we think the present attendance measure greatly relieved the administration of its duties in this line. Certainly classroom technique—ability to arouse interest and to put over the subject matter—under optional attendance must rise above that necessary only to maintain one’s position under compulsory regulations. If an instructor cannot hold the interest of his students in the field he has chosen as his major interest, he surely should disclaim any rights as a “teacher,” and consequently give up that profession to take up research or commercial work. Increases in University enrollment and consequent enlarging and crowding of classes have put a serious burden on the faculty, and probably the maintenance of class enthusiasm is more difficult when the instructor is shoved into the role of an administrator. There are other “big sticks” to wield over a student’s head than compulsory class attendance, however, if such iron-hand methods are necessary to assure the instructor he may have a student in every seat for every lecture. Some University departments and instructors have adopted the “daily” system as a means of bringing in their flock. They give a short test at practically every session of the class, and dock the student who misses one, or who misses more than a stipulated number during any one semester. This method imposes upon distinguished students also the necessity for attending classes .... to listen to lectures which are needed to enlighten the poorer students but which often are only boresome to them. For this reason we recommend that system only as a last remedy. We fail to see anything wrong with the attendance ruling as it is .... as it is stated, not enforced. It permits instructors to deprive students of cutting privileges in case of scholastic delinquency, which is the only
the Purdue Exponent
^•eciated €foUeiaiate 'Jlrtss
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. BBPnHSKNTEO FOB NATIONAL AOVLRTISlNO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editor-In-CUef
Bnsineu Muuikw
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
. PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager —J. F. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor ... B. F. Obenohain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette Indiana Editorial Phone S037 BasIncM Phene BOSS ° UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
'This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Tafel Night Editor—Stanback Saturday, February 19, 1938
collegiate
By Mary Cooley How would y§u like to concentrate on one subject for nine weeks and then take up another, instead of the usual method of dividing your time among four or more subjects simultaneously ? After three years’ trial, Hiram College in Ohio, has definitely established this “intensive course” plan in preference tp the “rush from 50 minutes in Plato to 50 minutes in chemistry, followed by a dose of Spanish, and so forth.” More unified and thorough work was the objective of this new plan. It is quite evident that both the faculty and students like the greater flexibility of time permitted, the greater unification of effort, increased time for individual confer-
ences, and release from the strain of the period of “finals.” ( F H- If The average professional lifetime of teachers in Indiana is nine i years, Dr. John R. Shannon of In- { diana State Teachers College discovered in a study of teacher tenure. Dr. Shannon disclosed that men training for teaching are more inclined to view it as life work, according to observations of the attitudes of a large group of students in teacher training in that school at Terre Haute. He believes the relatively short professional lifetime of teachers is dependent not only on teachers’ discouragement, better offers, and out of prejudices against married women as teachers, but also because students in teacher-training keep their minds open for other professions and* vocations. Three hundi’ed of the 1,100 students interviewed admitted they intend to teach only until a good
T
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
Girls and 'Gangsters — Songs and Shooting8\— Drama and Comedy — Set to a Furious Pace in a Musical Drama of Broadway Night Life! MANHATTAN BUTTERFLY
with
Dorothy GraingerBetty Compson-
FIRST RUN
-Wililam Bakewell ■George IV^eeker
TODAY —TWO FEATURES
Back in Circulation with Pat O’Brien—Joan Blondcll
The Wrong Road with Richard Cromwell—Helen Mack
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY MIRIAM HOPKINS —and— ROSCOE KARNS MARSHA HUNT In
—LAST TIMES TODAYJACK HOLT in “Trouble in Morocco”
JOHNNY MACK BROWN in “UNDERCOVER MAN”
“DICK TRACY” SERIAL
worthwhile reason for reinstituting forced class attendance. We believe that the optional attendance ruling is one of the greatest boons to better teaching which the University has seen in a long time. At least it permits the good teacher to draw some satisfaction from that side of his profession which should be considered far more highly than research or literary efforts. “Standing room only” signs outside his classroom door offer at least some compensation above that of his less worthy professional companions. A few more students may flunk out of the University now, than under the old attendance program—but not many for whom the proud fathers and mothers are not asking too much of the University in demanding that they be educated. It’s better to eliminate them from our crowded classes than to impose entrance regulations—financial or otherwise— which will keep out deserving students.
offer of marriage or other position comes (co-eds composed the majority of this group).
Too many college students do not participate m intercollegiate sport, a recent editorial complains. Do you suppose the reason is that some ignorant fellows think school is the place to study?
The backdrop at last night’s Scabbard and Blade dance—the dashing cavalier with the flashing ibull-ade—is strangely reminiscent of our own General “Stu” Beckley . . . so claims a diminutive cadet colonel in the University corpse. Sammy Wuletich and Bill Ourand have gone old Marcus Aurelius on«|k better! Not only do they know themselves to be fish, but they admitted it by sending their respective loves—Jane Ourand and Mary Ritter—a pair of GOLDFISH via Uncle Sam’s special delivery service. At last reports, the feesh representing Bill, a dusky beauty, had flipped his last flipper. He thought he saw a fellow drunk Beside him at the bar. He looked again and found it was A prof, with a cigar. “At last I realize,” he said “Things are what they seem to are.” —Joe, the Gloff. Joe “Mop” Zettel, Phi Kap barrag, now dates events B. T. and A. T.—Before Tubbs and After Tubbs. Prof. Cope, in ME 136 (advanced thermogodamics), announced a test with the information, “bring anything you can carry!”—and then Bill Winslow, super brain ?truster, after arranging with Dave Clark to bring him (Dave) to the test walked in with only a pair of books—and floozied the test. However, there’s no telling how bad he’d have floozied it if he HAD brought Dave along! There was a young lady named Grace Who after the boys loved to race. This doll had persistence Though her face bred resistance. And she never did give up the chase. —purloined. “Sure, I’ll get an ‘H’—I got a real good suck with him.” Whaddatheywant, anyhow ? If they change the old voluntary attendance rule the boys and gals who sleep at home will have to come to class, and the addition of theii snores to those of the regular class snoozers would drown out what the teacher tried to put across.
LUM4 —LAST DAY-
Palm trees whisper . . . soft breezes play — and in each other’s arms Terangi and Marama find peace and contentment!
with DOROTHY LAMOUR JOHN HALL MARY ASTOR
TOMORROW STARTS
GRIN And bear it
By Lichty
“Did she really marry HIM? Why, he’s the same man she was engaged to!”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee
A practical jokei asks “What is the shortest interval of time?” and then replies to your query “The split second between the time that the
red light turns green and the driver i Then don’t be the honker.
behind you honks his horn.”
Now, we know this is an old joke but it does emphasize one of the worst habits of motorists—too much horn hbnking. A psychologist would probably tell you that to honk your horji really slows the start of the obstructionist in front of you by distracting his attention from the bus-
iness strictly before him.
What we want to say, however, is that it is very rude, and ought not to be done. Think of yourself; don’t you just love to be honked at ? No ?
G Wlc ..to bold.
•fh
'ft J
f V
Plus—“SUNDAY NIGHT AT TROCADERO” with Connie Boswell and Stars
5 DAYS Starting TODAY
J
HISaturday, Fi^bntcUry 19> Iddi
THIS PtmDUE MStPdHjSMT
Trackmen Face First Big Ten Meet Tonight
Inaugurate Indoor Season
1 With Novel Type Relays
Wrestlers Lose To Maroons, 18-11
Innovating Coach Harmon Phillips’ unique and original track relays, the Purdue, Wisconsin, and Chicago track squads will compete this evening in the Fieldhouse at 7:30 in Purdue’s first Big Ten indoor meet. Entrance tqj;he meet may be made only through the west doors of the Fieldhouse. —
Boilermaker Netmen Meet Ohio State Monday Night In Return Encounter
Purdue’s relays will rival the Drake and Penn -relays for originality and interest. In Coach Phillips’ own words, “This form of meet is designed mainly to interest the spectators. It in no way favors the individual competitor.” Answeringthe Purdue track fan’s demand for a snappier and more compact track meet, Coach Phillips devised this novel event. Unusual Scoring Used Deriving its novelty from an unusual method of scoring events, this original scheme will give well balanced teams the preference over teams with exceptionally fine performers. Each team will enter three men in the field events. Tte winning team will be that team whose three participants make the highest total distance or height. The quarter-mile and half-mile races will be run as mile and twomile relays. The hurdle events will feature the new and colorful shuttle system. With each team entering three men in the 60-yard dash and the mile and two-mile races, the
team with the smallest number of -points in each race will earn the victory. For instance, if a team took second, fifth and eighth places, its total would be 15 points. Any team which had a smaller total would, naturally have a faster trio of runners. Stars Will Compete However, the team features of the race will not overshadow certain individual stars. Fenske, Wisconsin’s brilliant miler, Halcrow, champion dash man from Chicago, and Lemen, star Boilermaker hurdler, should proviide a little excitement for the meet. With Lemen turning in a good performance, the Purdue squad will be especially strong in the hurdle events. Each event will be run off exactly on schedule. The first event starts at 7:30 o’clock and the last at 9:15. Holders of student passpdrts or season tickets wifi be admitted without extra charge. However, there will be a 25 cent admission charge for the general public.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Your Appearance
The ■well-groomed man must be smoothly shaven and must keep his hair trimmed. Come in and see what a difference con be made in your appearance by our barbers. Our Barbers Joe Knott Perry Hazelbaker Chas. Orman Joe Clark Lawrence Given
Barber Shop
JhSL fiwvdusL lyUmsfikdi lAnimL
Corner of the Camp^s-^Yet the Center of Activities
Ohio State’s third place basketball team will journey herO Monday to engage the Boilermakers in a return encounter, after playing Illinois tonight. The Purdue team should be straining at the bit for a chance to repay the Buckeyes for the rude welcome given it at Columbus last Saturday. Leading 21-12 at the half, the Boilermakers were treated to some fine basket shooting by Ohio State during the final period and found themselves on the short end of the 37 to 29 score at the end of the game. . McDonald Looked Good McDonald proved that he is one of the best defensive players in the conference when he held Jewell Young to seven points. McDonald coupled with the two high-scoring forwards, Hull and Baker, provide the Buckeyes with a well balanced opposition for any team. Hull has been hitting the basket with sickening consistency in late games and has moved up to the upper five in the Big Ten scoring. Young has had trouble getting away from his guards in late games and the burden of the scoring has fallen on Gene Anderson. However if “Brig” can get that basket eye 1back and if Gene continues to drop them in, the Boilermakers may regain the steering power they possessed in earlier games.
Freshman Swimmers Will Meet lU Squad
Competing in its second telegraphic meet of the season, Coach Eastwood’s frosh swimming team will meet the Indiana University freshmen this afternoon. Comparing times and scores by means of the telegraph, each squad will swim in its home pool; The events will be run off in their regular order, then each school will wire its times to the other. Through this exchange of results the winners of each event will be determ-
Pivot Man
-ffAiDSJQSbA/ - esforffjfz
who has been one of the Boilermakers’ most consistent scorers all season. He will see plenty of action tonight against the Badgers.
ined and the final scores tabulated. Swimming in the Olympic size pool at the gymnasium, the Boilermaker frosh will compete befoi’e the general public. The doors will be open at 2 o’clock. Also included in the program will be a diving exhibition.
.On Monday the freshmen swimmers will hold a triangular telegraphic meet with Northwestern and Iowa.
Ohio State will provide the competition for the last meet of the season on Thursday of next week.
POPCORN in Quantity
We furnish popcorn in any quantity desired for parties and families. Popped fresh from the best popcorn and seasoning
we can buy.
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Our Dry Cleaning Service Will Please You
We guarantee workmanship and service equal to the best and you will be pleased with our prompt and efficient service. We maintain an office at 132 Vine St., West Lafayette for your convenience or you may call
3085 for pick up and delivery. Don’t Forget the Number
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
By Dick Obenchain The Big Ten race is tightening up now that it is in the home stretch . . . and it is still pretty much of a free for all except for the hapless Maroons, who have yet to win a game and the Pightin’ Illini, who haven’t done so terribly much better. —^fc— Northwestern is out in front and practically no one knows just exactly why ... At the start of the season, almost every sports scribe picked the Purple to hold down a position in the lower bracket at the end of the season . . . And all of these scribes have been predicting right along that this team or another team would prick the Northwestern balloon ... But each week it just seems to go sailing on .. . Having only seen the Purple in action once this year, we have not had a very good opportunity to observe Northwestern closely . . . But from this one game, we must say that we believe that we have seen several better teams in the Big Ten. , —^fc— We hardly think that the Crimson who meet Northwestern at Evanston tonight are the team to destroy the Northwestern bubble . . . And we predict that the Purple will win by at least 10 points . . . However, they still have to meet Ohio State and Michigan on their opponent’s floors ... It won’t be such smooth sailing for Nbrthwestern from here on in. —^fc— Michigan, after hitting a slump which resulted, in losses to both Michigan State and Iowa last weekend, will try to get back on the title trail tonight against the Gophers at Ann Arbor . . . And we believe that they will have little trouble ■with the Minnesota crew . .. Chicago at Iowa is another game which we believe is in the bag before the game starts . . . the consensus of opinion of most sports writers is that, some night the Maroons will come out on the floor with a big club and lay their opponents low before they realize that they have been defeated by the lowly Chicago squad. . . But we don’t believe that it ■will be against Iowa on the Iowa City floor this night. —ic— The Ohio State-Illinois tussle at Champaign isn’t so much of a set up as the rest . . . Ohio State has really been turning it on during the past few weeks . . . But the Buckeyes have been rather unimpressive away from home and the Illini have sparked to such great heights on their home floor as to defeat our own Boilermakers. . . . but we still give the nod to Ohio State. —^fc— The Pu<rdue at Wisconsin game is Another that has us quite a bit worried,. . . After seeing the Badgers play here in the dedication game earlier in the season, we think they are tough . . . And we believe that this game will be as hard as any the Boilermakers have yet to play this year ... We can only sit back and hope that the Badgers on their home floor aren’t too much for Purdue.
Chicago Is Due For Fencing Encounter With Boilermakers
Chicago University’s fencing team invades Lafayette today in an attempt to break the Boilermaker record of no defeats and one tie in Big Ten competition so far this year. The match will begin at 2 o’clock in the main gym of the Fieldhouse. In winning three of its four conference matches, Purdue has beaten Northwestern, Illinois, and Ohio State, while tying Wisconsin. Chicago has lost but one match in all competition this year and is the favorite to win the Big Ten crown.
Timms, Gossard, Willey Win For Gold, Black Team
Chicago defeated the Boilermaker wrestling team, 18-11, yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse at their last home meet of the year. Because of the illness of Dawson, the Gold and Black 118-pounder, the first match was forfeited to the Maroons. Hughes of Chicago won a decision in the 126 pound match, and then Timms gave the Boilermakers their first victory by a decision over Thomas in the 135 pound class. Hoffman was thrown for the first time this year by Fin-wall of Chicago, who has never been defeated in his three years on the Maroon team. Hass and Captain Valorz won by falls for Chicago in the 155 and 175 pound classes respectively. Valorz remains undefeated for the sea-
Gossard Wins In the 165 poimd class Gossard won a decision for the Boilermakers. The last match of the day was only three minutes old when Coach Voree of Chicago stepped into the ring and ordered his man out, objecting to a decision. He forfeited the match to Willey, of Purdue.
Maroons Lose to Ohio State The Maroons, who defeated the Boilermakers 26-8 in a meet earlier this year, have lost only once this season, by a two-point margin to Ohio State.
The summary: 118-pound class—Forfeit to Chicago 126 pound class—Hughes (C) won decision over Sieber (P). 135 pound class—Timms (P) won a decision over Thomas (C). 145 pound class—Finwall (C) won by a fall over Hoffman (P) in 6 minutes, 28 seconds. 155 pound class—^Hass (C) won by a fall over Tyrell (P) in 6 minutes 56 seconds. 165 pound class—Gossard (P) won decision over Lenhardt (C). 175 pound class—Valorz (C) won by a fall over Lederer (P) in 5 minutes, 42 seconds. Heavyweight class—^Willey (P) won by forfeit over Thomas , (C).
Place Basketball Floor Off Center For Good Reason
By J. A. Hebbeler To many Purdue students the Fieldhouse section of our new athletic building is only a place to go for, an hour once or twice a week to see a good basketball game, but to th^ athletically minded men it is quite different. A passing,remark heard the other evening while watching the trackmen go through their workouts seemed quite timely. “If the persons who gripe when they have to sit ’way down at the east end of the balcony to watch an hour’s basketball could see how much more use we get by having the floor at one end, they would sing a different song.” Spring Brings Baseball With the approach of spring, many a pei-son’s heart turns to baseball. The Pm*due diamondmen had to wait for good weather to get practice in former years, but not so with the new Fieldhouse. Three new batting cages have been put up at the east end of the building, and they are kept in constant use from midafternoon until mealtime by the varsity baseball enthusiasts. For the first time in many years, Purdue has an indoor track team, and since the field events such as the high jump and pole -vault cannot be held on the track, the open space gained by having the basketball floor at one end is utilized. With a chance to keep in good trim throughout the winter months, Boilermaker track teams will have an equal chance with other Big Ten squads to be at top form when the outdoor season comes around.
'■ it ' J ^ > rj , if ' ( , s ’7 i‘ '4 '7'"?*
tM' ,'■ ,e-;47
If"
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. February; 19i 1938
Veronica Ricks Heads Music Room Program Ml’S. Veronica Jordan Ricks and soloists from the University orchestra will give a joint music room program in the Union tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. The soloist, who is now fhe wife of Michael Ricks of Lafayette, is the daughter ot Dean Jordan of the science school. Mrs. Ricks began her schooling at Purdue and later transferred to the University of Michigan, graduating from the music school there. She is a member of Mu Phi Epsilon, national music honorary. Mrs. Ricks will be accompanied by Ruth Jamieson, Lafayette pianist. Squash Team Meets lAC Today In Second Round Of Silver Teapot Tourney In the second leg of the annual silver teapot battle. Purdue’s squash team will travel to Indianapolis this afternoon, leaving at 12:30 to engage the Indianapolis A. C. The Boilermakers romped over the Capitol City team by an 11 to 1 score in an earlier encounter December 11, and need this victory to clinch the prized emblem which Indianapolis Won last year. lAC At Top Strength Some of the lAC men were unable to make the trip here in the first match, but their team will be at top strength tomorrow in an attempt to even the series. The team is composed of former college'men, with the advantage of playing on their home floor as well as being accustomed to the smaller courts that they use, consequently the Indianapolis club should provide much better opposition for the Purdue team than in the previous meet. The team that will make the trip for the Boilermakers is composed of Lucek, Sokolowski, Juve, Linn, Wakefield, and Eberhard, students; and Clevett, Tzucker, Knoll, Fields, and Karr, of the faculty.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT^—Room for one student. One block from campus. 467 North Grant. Phone 85191. ,
LOST—Green Schaeffer pen on campus. Phone 3207. Reward.
ROOM AND 'BOARD--For students. Single bed. 346 Northwestern avenue.
—TODAY— 11:00—Just Kids. , 11:15—“Don’t Listen!” 11:30—4-H Club Program. 12:00—-Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:15—Footnotes on the Headlines—Prof. Frank Hall. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Camera Club. 1:45—Saturday Musical Review. 2:00—Campus Caravan. 2:15—Melody Time. 2:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:45—Mary Louise Switzer— pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dent^ Clinic OK. PAUL A. BISK OK. HABOLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th Sk. Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi! Vine West Lafayette Phone 4%5
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post OflSce
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flotcers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Shoe Repair —
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Locksmith
“C” CARTER for Keys — Locks '— General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Printing —-
iRINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE I _
Office SIsHonery . . N/eddlng Invilationt PHONE - S»'«BooU.,Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
—- Dine —^
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING I U. S. 52 al Lindbergh Road
Boyd Raeburn To Return For Mixer Tonight Boyd Raeburn, his orchestra, vocalist Lorraine, and the Embassy Boys, will return to the campus tonight to play for the regular Saturday night mixer from 9 to 12 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Raeburn has played numerous engagements in Chicago, including the Drake Hotel, South Shore Country Club, and Aragon and Trianon ballrooms. He also played here at a mixer last fall. Lorraine, featured vocalist, started her career on radio station KYW in Chicago, and Was a leading attraction there before she joined Raeburn. The Embassy Boys, male quartet, and Claude Raye, pianist, also add to the program with their vocal entertainment. Epworth League To Hear Rev. McFadden Tomorrow “War Marches On” will be Rev. W. A. McFadden’s topic of discussion at Epworth League in the West Lafayette Methodist Church at 6:30 p. m. tomorrow. Two weeks ago Prof. F. R. Hall presented a broad view of the present war situation, and tomorrow Rev. McFadden, will narrow the subject to a discussion of what part Christians should have in the workings of warring forces.
To relieve the tension of exams, Elmira College serves tea and presents a special musical program each afternoon.
TODAY Pickwick Club: Meeting and luncheon, rooms 1 and 2 of Union at 11 a., m. Playshop: Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. Mixer: Ballroom of the Union at 9 p. m.
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES OPEN TODAY Ballet and Tap Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Notices Mo Notice* Accepted After 8 p.m^
CE 6 Stndonfs: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1. —LOMlVtEL;
Flying Cadet Applicants: The special flying cadet examining board will be at Purdue from February 21 to 26. Persona interested in taking training as a flying cadet should see me at the Armory before February 21. —HAYFORD.
Ceres: No meeting this week, February 16-21. —HENRY.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting Sunday, February 20, in room A of the Union Building at 8 o'clock. —HONOROFF.
YWCA: Meeting postponed until Satui> day, February 19. Important. —BRYANT.
Lutheran. Students’ Club : Reorganization meeting in rooms 1 & 2 of the Memorial Union Building on Sunday, February 20, at 7:30 p. m. -BRANDT, PULTZ.
knglish Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. ‘ —CREEK.
Skull and Crescent: Please send the name to me before Sunday, February 20. —COOPER.
Union Committees: The following fresh-
men’ will work on the comnlittees listed: Crossman—^Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff: Eastburn—Manette HoUiiigB'vd)rth, Jane Schueler. : Turnetv-Ona Morrison, Jane Black, Mary Jane Kyle; Wood—Catherine O’Leary, Mi^lyn McKnight, Josinah Allen; Cabonargi— Ona Morrison, Josinah Allen; Matthews— Pane Black, . Millholland—-Marilyn McKnighj;, W. A. Illsley, M. A. Kline; Samuelson—Manet.te Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler, J. A. Stahn; Jacobson—^Mary Jane Kyle, Catherine O’Leary, R. Bauman. Garland—A. Botsf ord ;, Harper—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff, H. C. Dees, J. C. Webb: Taylor— H. W. Lloyd, J. H. Ant. 2-22 —SAMUELSON.
Badminton: Sign up for all-campus and ward badminton competition on the sheet outside the intramural office in the. Fieldhouse., 2-22 ‘ —CLEVETT.
WSGA Office Committee: The following girls please report to WSGA office Monday, February 21, at 4 p. m.: Ainsworth, Voelkel, Burnham, Ballard, Lewis, Hunt, Thrasher, Hollings'worth, Black, Rector, Limihus, LeBeouf, Schueler, Klepper. —MASTERS.
WSGA: The following girls report to room B of the Union Monday, February 21, at 4 p. m.: Stewart, Deleplan’e, McLeod, Pyke, Light, De’Witt, Mounce, Cromer, Jarrett. Small, Holden, Slocum, Townsend, Wien, Parlon, McKee, Hamilton, Bain, Elstun, and Terstige. —RITCHIE.
WSGA: Office committee and any others interested in making posters report to the office at 1:30 Saturday, February 19. ' —MASTERS.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers; Schilling, Sawdon, and Henry work Wednesday, February 23. Wickardr, Martens, and
Steffee work Thursday, February 24. Wimhorough. Thresher, and Johnson work Friday, February 26. „„„ ( ' ’ '' —McKEE.
Freshn^an Battery Basketball; Battery athletic comrtianders contact yOur battery and organize your freshman basketball team. Inter-baltteiT competition will begin Thursday, February 24. Watch the Exponent for game schedules. —PICKERING.
“,L
Radio Club: Meet Tuesday, February 22 in room C of the Union, Code instruction starts at 7 p. m.; and regular meeting at 7 :80 p. m. —UPPMAN.
Members of Peg Fairfax Cast: Meeting in room, B of the Union at 4 p. m., February 21. —RICHEY.
Badminton Club Aspirants: A meeting for the purpose of drafting a constitution and other business will be held in the reception room of the Union’ at 3 p. m. Sunday February 20. Those who were not at the last meeting should be present The faculty is urged to attend. —BILLINGS.
Sportswomen; Meet Sunday, February 20, at 8 a. m. in the Union Grill. , —TUBBS.
Glider Club: Work session at I p. m. Saturday, February 19 in the ME -Building. ; —MOORE.
Playshop Stage Crew;, Important that every member of the stage crew be at Fowler Hall Saturday, February 19, by 9 p. m. Wear old clothes and be prepared to go to work. —BREbfMAN. Candid Camera Photos :< Prints for Playshop’s candid camera night photo contest will be accepted until noon Saturday, February 19. ' —WILLIAMS.
Do YOU want more MONEY? Self Improvement—start today. We can say with authority—watch your personal appearance. Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
r I
N E CLEAN E R S OF FI N E CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE-TOP OF THE HILL
Mr. Merchant;
w.
AWAKEN to the fact that Purdue students are still potential buyers of merchandise and services. Recession supposedly has hit industrialists and those connected with industry. . . BUT, if has not hit the Purdue students. Sell your merchandise, services, name—or, create goodwill and a reputation.. Each, or all, can be done by an ad in The EXPONENT.
PURDUE EXPONENT
\ . ,1
Phone 5038