V
More Munro Trbphy Discussion, Page 2
Xp04ieH/L
PrMli Batkefbell Begins Monday, Page 3
B .W4, ' i 'I'- ‘t/f A'' fp'fga
Volume 53, No. 12
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, September 20,1941
New WBAA Transmitter Starts Operation Monday
By Bob Boswinkle
After several months of construction and testing, the new WBAA transmitter is about to be used for regularly scheduled raidio programs. It will begin functioning Monday when WBAA starts operating 12 hours a day in place of its present schedule of broadcasting from 12 to 4 p.m. every afternoon. Testing of the new transmitter has been going on for the last two months. In that time it has sent out recorded music from 1 until 6 every morning. As part of the test, the broadcasts have been picked up at such — - • •
Maury Mahns, Band Headline Mixer Tonight
VareityMeets Freshmen At2:30
distant places as points in Alabama, Colorado, and Ontario, Canada.
New With Old
Auxiliary equipment, acquired along with the new studios in the Hall of Music, has been operating with the old transmitter ever since the studios were moved from the offices in the EE building. The new equipment, however, gave poorer quality broadcasts when used with the old transmitter than when it was used with the old equipment. The superiority of the new equip-
Headlining tonight’s Union Mixer will be the distinctive music of Maury Mahns and his 14-piece band. Mahns’ band has frequently been
ment can now be utilized when it featured at mixers since its organstarts to function in conjunction ization on campus four years ago
and is an old favorite of University
students.
with the new transmitter. Wider Range Means Fidelity The decided improvement in the
quality of the progi’ams that will be received can be illustrated by the fact that the old' transmitter has an audio range of 60 to 1500 cycles. A tuba hits notes as low as 40 cycles which, obviously, couldn’t be transmitted. Difficulty in transmitting
The music will be varied enough to suit the tastes of even the most rabid swing fans. Vern Droegie will give out with clarient playing in the style of Artie Shaw. The band is using many of the special arrangements which are used by Tommy Dorsey and Glen Miller. Another
very high notes such as those of 'a highlight of the evening’s entertain-
violin also has been encountered
with the old equipment.
Trouble of this sort will be eliminated in the future, for the new transmitter has an audio range of 100 to 4,000 cycles, adequate to carry a Tyide range of notes. Public interest has been aroused over the erection of the three towers, located five miles south of town. Each of these towers is 267 feet from the ground and contains the directional antenna. The new transmitter is also located there. ASME Student Branch Gathers For Smoker student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
ment will be the song styling of Darlene, singer with Maury Mahns. Dancing will b^ from 9 to 12. The regular mixer price of one dollar will be charged, k.r. Creson, Chief Ross Gear Engineer, Will Address Aytomofive Engineers W. K. Creson, chief engineer of Rose Gear and Tool Co., will speak before the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers Thursday evening, September 26. The meeting will be held at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Creson will speak on the activities of the SAE. In addition to the main speaker. Prof. H. M. Jacklin,
Senior Mustaches
(J^n Editorial)
.. . have been "the objectives of every University freshman for many years. In the past the marauding bands of freshmen have roved about the campus in search of some senior’s upper lip, and often the battles have resulted in damage to property and injury to those engaged. Usually the injuries were no more serious than a few bumps, bruises, and minor cuts and scratches. However, there have been several cases of broken bones, and a few years ago Dr. Miller was called in to place seven stitches in a cut mad^ by a straight razor wielded by ^n inexperienced but ambitious freshman. Last fall the Student Senate in an attempt to prevent such injuries and damage to property laid down several rules governing the mustache scraps. These rules proved effective, and early this week the Senate passed by a unanimous vote a similar set of rules, which eliminate most of the evils in this tra ditional freshman-sepior fued. They are: 1. There will be no mustache shaving or its preliminaries at any time within any University building, including the Res-
idence Halls.
2. Any such* shaving which does take place will occur within the following time limits only: from 12 o’clock noon of the Thursday preceding the first home football game until 12 o’clock noon of the day of that game, but in no case earlier than 8 a.m. nor later than 6 p.m. Non-conformance to this time regulation by residents of private property when within the limits of such property, or by residents of fraternity or cooperative houses when within such houses will not be prosecuted, but will be done solely at the risk of such persons. 3. Any removing of mustaches or portions thereof that is done by any person or persons other than the wearer thereof will be done with safety razors only. 4. Violators of these rules will be tried before a special committee of the Student Senate, such committee to take action in cases of guilt. The Senate in passing these rules has attempted to preserve a University tradition not destroy it. They are trying (Continued on page 2) Appearance Of Aurora Borealis Inspires Physics Bull Sessions
Passports
held its first smoker Thursday eve- head of automotive engineering, and
ning, at which time more than 100 students applied for membership in the organization. Dave Utley, chairman of the meeting, gave a brief description of the society, and Professors Solberg and Hockema
gave informal talks. •
A 1916 “Fatty Arbuckle” silent
movie was shown, and cider, dough- ^ C • / nuts, and cigarettes were served. Upens ocnvener s
An ASME membership was award-
ed as door prize.
More than 260 students and faculty members attended the meeting,
s.w.
Joseph Liston, faculty advisor of the student branch of the SAE will be present. Jim Roman will be acting chan man and students are invited to attend the meeting, d.w.o. Picnic Tomorrow
Debris Announces Call-Out For Sophomore Workers
Season's Activities Scrivener Club, literary honorary, will open its year’s activities with a picnic tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in the grove behind the stadium. ^ ' The Scrivener club meets weekly throughout the year to read and
Any student interested in work- ^ manuscripts of the ing on the Debris staff this year «>e«’bers and to pblish a literary should report to the Debris editorial ^^^gazine, the Scrivener, four times office on Monday, September 22, at f^^agazine con- , ., j 1 X • U4. tains oiiginal essays and poetry by 4 p. m., it was announced last night. ,,, This call-out is chiefly for sopho- s u en s. mores, and the work and function of Cent Charge the organization will be explained Ruth Dray, treasurer, is in charge in detail at the meeting. of the picnic and has announced that The office of this publication is on there will be a charge of 15 cents the second floor of the Union Build- to partially cover the cost of the ing near the music room. food. Reservations of those who
plan to attend the picnic must be
YWCA Announces Callout ^het Reigle, Scrivener
president, not later than noon today.
Meeting Monday In Union j.f.a.
YWCA will hold a callout meeting for both freshmen and upperclassmen at 6 o’clock Monday in* room
316 of the Union.
Purpose of the meeting is to introduce group leadei's and to explain the activities of the newly formed interest groups which are as follows: personality, ai^ and crafts, current events, music, and religion. Ruth Newton is in charge of the
meeting, s.w.
By Ole Lednew Aurora Borealis, which glamoriously made its appearance in the northern sky night before last and was responsible for bull sessions all day yesterday in the physics department, has a twin sister named Aurora Australis. We learned about the Australis member of the clan in self defense after answering numerous telephone calls (well, one anyway) to the Exponent office asking for the lowdown on the mysterious phenomenon which two nights ago gave students a legitimate excuse for resting the books while they engaged in a little gazing. Australis In South But Australis hovers always in the Southern Hemispherp; so we won’t be concerned with her, except to mention that she does exist. We don’t get to see the best of little Borealis, bowever, for she is much more dazzling and appears more frequently in the northern latitudes. Before we get too far, it might be well to point out that Aurora Borealis is the Latin name for the Northern Lights. Because of the fact that Aurora Borealis (whom we’ll warmly call by her last name from now on out) appears most frequently in Septem-
ber and March, months when the earth is over the surface of the sun containing the most sun spots, it is generally conceded that she is directly related to old Sol. The whole thing is probably brought about by electiical discharges emitted from the sun, through space, and into the upper regions of our atmosphere. 150 Miles Away Boris is a tall old girl reaching over 150 miles from eaith and on out into space, and coming sometimes closer than a mile from the earth. You probably thought that she consisted, in part, q| a lot of lines converging in a great zenith. So it seemed, but in reality, the rays were parallel, proving the law of perspective which should be old stuff to you. Boris has a taste for colors and arrangements. Her apparel consists at times of winding lays which take the form of flopping window shades, and at other times she appears in a simple, but fascinating, sheet of vari-colored light. On our campus, Boris was mute. That is to say no one heard any sounds she was responsible for. But there are those who come from the north and say they have heard her speak. Aer voiqe was harsh and hideous, not unlike the rustling of silk or of dry straw.
Agriculturist . . . has scheduled its call-out for freshman and sophomore workers for next Wednesday, September 24. Many positions on the editorial, business, and circulation staffs are open for which no previous journalistic experience is requirecl. Workers are to report to room 118 of Agriculture Hall.
WAA Holds Call-out For Hockey Teams At WAA’s hockey call-out yesterday, it was decided that freshman and senior women will practice on Mondays and sophomores and juniors on Wednesdays. Fridays will be devoted to freshman practice alone. Six practices will be required to make the class team, and one hundred points will be needed for
numerals.
Two exhibition hockey games are scheduled for this season, but the dates for these games have not as yet been announced. WAA urges everyone to come out to hockey practices, where special instructions will be given to all girls who are interested in playing but are not well acquainted with the game. p.s.
Playshop Will Hold Lab Tryouts Today Tryouts for “R. U. R.,” first Laboratoiy play of the season, will be held this afternoon at 1 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Students interested in either crew or cast positions are urged to attend. The play, a thi’ee-act melodrama by Karel Capek, is the largest production ever put on by Playshop Laborat()ry theater with entirely new talent. The group is organized primarily for the training of inexperienced actors and stage techni-
cians. r.w.b.
Faculty Meeting The regular meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, September 22, at 4 p.m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott,
Xi Sigma Pi Will Hold Frosh-Soph Smoker Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, will hold its annual smoker for all freshman and sophomore foresters in the east faculty lounge of the Union on Tuesday, September 23 at 7:30 p.m. Mel Taube, the university’s backfield coach, will speak and show movies of one of last year’s games. John C. VanCamp, president of the society, will also give a short introductory address.
POMM
. . . honorary for University military students, held its fiist business meeting of the year last Tuesday, September 16, and announced that regular meetings will be held every other Monday throughout the school
year.
Today is the last day that freshmen and sophomores may obtain their passports at the Fieldhouse, according to an announcement made last night by C. S. Doan. Each student must present his registration card in person in order to receive his passport Unreserved seat ticketsfor the Vanderbilt game are not attached to the passports, but may be ‘obtained at the Fieldhouse office on presentation of
passports.
Doan also announced that junior and senior passports will probably be available Monday. Kiwanis Hears Estey Speak On Economics Of War Time Taxation “If the government and the people really wanted to control inflation during a war-time economy, they could do it through taxation,” stated Dr. J. A. Estey last Thursday at a meeting of the Kiwanis Club. Dr. Estey is head of the University’s economics, history, and government department. 40 Billion In Taxes He also said that to control inflation would mean about a $40,000,000,000 tax bill each year of the war or the cutting down of the purchasing power to the 1932 level. “This,” he remarked, “is not likely to happen voluntarily.” He added that other methods of financing operations might be invoked; such as supplementing present revenue from taxation by the sale of defense stamps and bonds. Financial Problem “Financing a war is not the government’s biggest problem during a war. The real problem is the shifting of the producing industries from a consumer’s goods basis to an armament production basis,” concluded the economist, p.s. Outing Club Hikes To Meeting At Cabin On First Excursion The first excursion of the Outing Club will be' held Tuesday, Sept. 23, when the gioup will meet at 6 p. m. in front of the armory from where the members and gqests will hike to the WAA cabin for a picnic supper and later a meeting. At the meeting the officers and faculty members will be introduced to the guests, futui;^ outings will be discussed and the club itself will be explained for the benefit of newcomers. Several types of trips such as a gypsy hike, a bicycle hike and several trips to State parks,^ including an over-night hike have already been planned. Later in the year a meeting of all the outing clubs of Indiana will he held at one of the State parks. To All Students: Students possessing cars which they intend to drive during the school year, and who have not complied with the University regulations regarding registration of cars, are required to do so before Monday, September 29, on which date penalties for non-registra-tion will become effective. Cars maj^'be registered at the Physical Plant office. Service and Stores Building, 8 A. M. to 12 Noon and 1 P. M. to 4:30 P. work days, except Saturdays. It is necessary to present an inspection card showing that the car has been tested and approved by the Indiana State Police before a car may be registered. Application forms for registration of cars should be obtained dt the Physical Plant office by students before taking cars to State Police Post for inspection. The Indiana State Police will test student cars, free of charge, only between 4 P. M. and 6 P. M., on Tuesdays and Thursdays at Post No. 3, one and one-half miles northwest of the Campus on State
Road 52.
Edward C. Elliott
President
Contest Primes Eiward's Team For Coming Vanderbilt Struggle
PROBABLE LINEUP
By Phil Johnson
Exponent Sports Editor
Coach Elmer Burnham’s hopeful freshman squad will furnish the initial test of the season for the 1941 Boilermaker eleven in the annual pre-season intersquad battle this afternoon at 2:30 p.m. in Ross-Ade Stadium. This annual contest will be open to the general public as well as the student bo<iy. Varsity Coach Mai Elward plans to start his first string lineup in today’s battle to give them their first taste of actual —— game competition. All of the start-
ing lineup is composed of veteran performers, all of whom have seen considerable action in previous cam-
paigns.
His starting forward wall will be a very forceful combination with an average weight of, nearly 196 pounds, almost six pounds to the man heavier than last year’s Kne.
Dr. Cecilia Schuck Will Speak At Home Economics Meeting “Nutrition and the National
T7! «t 1 *1. , jicttvicj.- cuaii last year s une. Emergency will be discussed this Tackles Rossi and Timperman give the school of home economics, at tributing 225 and 212 pounds re-
the Convention of chairmen of coun- gpectively ty home economics groups. „ V.
Other speakers at this morning’s
meeting will include Ruby Clark Starting at the backfield posts and Isabel Diehl, of the home eco- probably be veteran lettermen nomics staff, and Ethel Lewis of Kersey, Berto, Petty, and Galvin, all the division of education and ap- whom saw more than 100 minutes
plied psychology. During the after- action last year,
noon session nutfition and other Coach Elward plans to use plenty current problems affected by the substitutes in the fray, giving a national emergency will be dis- many reserves a chance to ex-
cussed. hibit their talent.
Dr. O’Shea Speaks afternoon’s game is spoO-
Dr. Harriet O’Shea, of the divi- ***«
Sion of education and applied psy- broadcasts of
chology, was the principal speaker
at the dinner meeting which opened f . ^**r??*,* ** students^ vih the conference last night. Music was , * *** obtained provided by Marjorie Williamson, members and pledges home economics senior, and Dr. Al- .® purc^sed at the gate, ma Long gave an illustrated talk on wenty- ive cents, the New England coast, a.p. ^ promising group of sophomores
are sure of seeing considerable action with the varsity, including Barry French, tackle; Bob Chester, Ken Smock, and Francis Meakim, halfbacks; Bob Hajzyk, quarterback: John Andretich, fullback; and Bob
Johnson, center.
Tomorrow afternoon members of Frosh Strength—? the Purdue Christian Foundation Not much is known of the will hike to Happy Hollow for their strength of the frosh aggregation, annual get-together picnic. The However, it is known that the line hike will start from the foundation should be able to put up a very house, 131 South Grant street, at strong defensive battle and that the 4:30 p. m. backs are fast enough to provide The evening’s activities will con- plenty of action for the fracas, sist of group games, a picnic sup- Dick Barwegan, a freshman tackper, and the regular Sunday evening le from Chicago, tipping the scales vesper service. All new students as at 205, and a charging fullback by well as the old foundation mem- the name of Winkler will bear close bers are invited to join in the party, watching, not to mention tricky a.p.h. * (Continued on page 2)
Christian Foundation To Picnic Tomorrow
Sophomore Has Great Difficulty Getting Passport In Dense Fieldhouse Crowd
By Ken Roquemore If you are a junior or a senior, this isn’t for you; that is, unless you want to know what you’ll have to go through in a short while. Faces, faces, faces, marching up and down again, but you still aren’t any closer to the front of the line. Yes, I’m talking about getting passports. Ghastly Proceedure The question is, do you want to go to the football games this year or do you want to take off three hours of your only free afternoon of the week to stand in a line that moves like a snail with two broken legs ? Take it from me, missing the game is the lesser of the two evils. After getting your passport, you are no longer fit for a normal life anyway. The teeming hordes behind you have pressed you till you are now a poor imitation of a pancake and you have accustomed your body to breathing carbon dioxide instead of oxygen.
Ah, at last the line moves an infthMaybe you’ll make that 8 o’dsck date yet. There goes that little freshman who tripped over your foot ten minutes ago with his passport. Where does he get the drag? Oh, well, there aie only about 30 ahead of you. No Passport Now, when you would welcome a Good Humor man with open arma^ there isn’t one within mites. ThetC goes someone else, who e&ax^ in after you, with his passports. Havf did he do it ? Now you see, it’s that little window in the middle that says “Ticket Orders.” Oh, but the gix‘1 is telling them that she won’t serve any others at that window, they’ll have to get in hn& she’ll give you yours if you givehi^ a look of utter despair con^^ed with exhaustion. Too late to fjnd out now, you’re at the head of soar line. Does thb mean that gt liat you’re through? Nix, buddy—y«l forgot your schedule cardl
VARSITY
FRESHMEN
Rush
LE
Anderson
Rossi
LT
Kmiecek
Miller (CO-C)
LG
Barwegan
Leugo
C
Melton (CO-C)
RG
Guither
Timperman
Rf
Combs
RE
Kersey
QB
Calvin
LH
Stram
-
Berto
RH
Petty
Winkler
OFFICIALS:
Referee, Allen; umpire.
Voinolf; field judge,
Wilkening; head linesman, Reeck.Saturday, September 30,1941
^ j iV ^
■s'O.
JcdL A Name To Ponder The new phvsics building has a name—oi at least part of it has We noticed yesterday as we passed the dooi that the side of it facing the Mall had a placque over the door saying “Chailes Benedict Stuait Laboiatory of Applied Ph\ SICS We investigated a little farther and found that onlv pait of the building was Stuait Lab and that the lest of it would be kno-s\n b\ the no^el name of Physic Build-
ing
Theie seems ah\a\s to ha\c been a deaith of naming taknt at the Lmversity The second building on campus was awaided the unique name of Building No 2 The tew exceptions to the ‘ nameless” custom seem to ha\e been made vhen 2,1 ants of money were left to tne Unueisit-' iol paiticulai edifices such as Elma Foi\lei Hall, and Fianklin Le\eimg Carv Halls It seems to iw that sei\ice to the TJniveisity as V til as fm qicial gifts should be sufficient leason foi naming buildings lathei than lust callmq them b\ the school 01 depaitment that the-v happen to house In football sca'-on, sen ice bungs to mind the name of one man in paiticulai vho is deseiMiig of all the belated honoi that we can give him lhat name is Noble Kizei Unlike many educatoi', vho become identified with a paiticulai field because of thiee-touiths of
fijuAdm, ^xpomnL
b’ ' " »
rntwod as second tlasq matter at tne post office m Lafayettt Indiana undoi the act of Congress of March 3 ISIQ and at the special nte of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1017 authorized Januniy 20 1022 Published Hily except Monday dining the regular academic year and «eik!v d irmg the Summer Session Delivered locally by car ntr for $8 00 per year mail subscriptions $4 00
-ife,
ir
t
Fdilor in Chief News Editor Business Manager
Ned A Ochiltree John L Traugott Don S Powers
Publication Staff
Managing Editor As ociato Editors K L Hadley i
Leland W Kuffnet
J r Amos J H Armstiong D T Brophy
I Jones L G Kieper
Business Staff
Loca Advertising Managers Iv If Circulation Manager W f Bell I) Millaid
Gjemie R E Saxton Accounts Manager W
Editor Associate Edltois
Editor Associate Editors
Co-ed Staff Ruth Rose Maiy K Boynton Alice Chatfield Sports Staff Phil C Johnson O T Clark J D Fraser J S Keeler
Phones Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P M, 5377 ^ Represented for nntioml advertising by National Advertis int, Servj<ie Inc Collce-e P bl sheis Representatives 42C Madison Ave New Ycik N Y
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Armstrong Day Editor IJoynton Issue Editor B O Smith Sports Editor Clark W rktrs J S Div 0 R De Mais R L Baines AV Ca saday Pianti r St nbciL Roquemoie S Beale Bos
nl I Ochillr e Hunter Shevtll Amos
fey StoeMng /jj, promising Iiij[i|8inapolis soph-
Mid Western Stamp State Pig Raisers
.. Simpson Smith
Radio Review
Technical high school, was shifted fiom center to end on the Gold and Black football squad yesteiday aft einoon The move ^tras by Coach Mai Blward in an effort to find the most effective combinations for the
Entliosiasfl' Compeie In Fifth Annual Show
Meel To Cemidkr New Feeding Trials
Moie than 2,000 ^aimeis from all sections of the state met oh the
As the fifth annual Stamp Show campus yesterday to attend the 21st strenuous opener with Vandeibilt of the Lafayette PbdateJrc Society ^ ^
here a week from today Stoelting, begins today, stamp collectors from f Ti* a
Betty Winkler and Les Damon, a 6 foot, 3 inch, 195 pound perform- all over the Middle West will gather
NBC players, are to present “Come has shown consrderable promise xn room 286 of the Union for a two^ P raomins Down to Earth” on Knickerbocker as a blocker and with rather rm- day program featuring competitive j,® studyin^the rations Sd Playhouse this evening at 6 p m usual speed for his bulk may help exhibitions, a post office exhibit, an
Damon, star of “Adventures of the to solve the wing problem
Thin Man,” is making one of his ""
frequent guest appearances on the “Playhouse,” and he with Miss Winkler should have a really dramatic program in store for you The story is that of a parachutejumping soldier Listen over NBC
-hold on to your seat, bro-
means-
thei
Besides the Society and “the girl
auction, a get together banquet and a broadcast of WBAA’s “Stamp Club of the Arr” from the show
and their effect on the various lots of hogs on the Swrne Experimental
Farm, north of here Prof Vestal Speaks
At the afternoon session held m the judging pavilion. Prof C M
WAAF 930 NBC
Pi mes Awarded
Prizes will be avaided to the
w'ho starts fires by lubbmg two owners of the most original display, VestaJ, who was m charge of the notes together” are featured Pio the most unique display, and the teats, discussed further the results fessor Sidney Bechet with his sax best displays of U S stamps, tor- of the experiments and presented and Paul Laval’s Woodwmdy Ten eign stamps, first day covers, gen- the group with suggestions on This album came out last week and eial covers and precancels AJ- changes to be made on the basis of Heal ye' hear ye' W C Fields is go like hotcakes, because thoupb no limit on the numbei of the ij,3ults obtained
returning to the “Chase and San it’s just hotter than—hotcakes items submitted will be set, a 26 Others appealing on tlie program born Program” tomorrow at 6 p m , other album, ‘The Birth of cent fee will be charged each ex included Prof J E Wiley, who dis-
to start hackmg at wooden-headed gj^gg .. consists of W C Handy hibitoi Charlie McCarthy you cant miss numbeis That old boy could really Banquet At 6
et blue and low when he wanted
it' Battered but unwilling to admit defeat, warrior Fields retired from the program in 1937 aftei constant feuding with McCarthy, and the
to and the Chamber Music Society be his guest artist for the lecoiding of the first album Dinah doesn’t need a build up, but we thought we’d let you in on the inside and tell you that her best record is in makes them seem even lowei The collection includes Handy’s most fa-
Clem McCarthy, radio’s ace tint j-j^qiis numbers, eight of them to be
long lest, says Fields has sharp-
a centiuy spent teaching it, Kizer earned his e'^ed hi& wits considerably Just see prominence here and was appointed director yourself
of physical education for men aftei only eight
yeais
What could be more fitting than to name authority, will report a renewal of exact Among them you’ll find “St that building with the nondescript name of, 1941 battle of three year olds Louis Blues,” “Careless Love,”
WGN 720 NBC
Fieldhouse, Noble Farl Kizer Fieldhouse, in
his memoiy ] f a
Letters to the Editor
Senior Mustaches
m the 49th running of the Lawrence Realization from Belmont Paik, this afternoon at 3 o’clock over NBC B Whiilaway will be competing with such hoises as Robert Moiris and Porter’s Cap in this $7,500 lace
“Aunt Hagar’s Blues,” and “Mem-
Headlinmg the fust day of the show will be the get together banquet tonight at 6 pm Tickets to the banquet will bo 75 cents The show will close with the auction tomoriow evening at 6 o’clock Admission to the exhibit is free k r
Varsity A4eets (Continued from page 1)
cussed the collect market type in hogs, Di C R Donham, head of the veterinary science department, who talked on hog diseases, and Pi of r G King, head of the animal husbandry depaitment, who was m charge of the afternoo'n’s session King announced that anyone desiring a copy of the complete detailed results of the 1941 feeding trials may obtain them by writing to the University animal husbandry
depaitment deb
Pat Freddy Fitzsimmons, Biook-
pnis Blues ” This album is so blue Hank Stiam, a natural ball cariiei, jyj, Dodge veteran, is said to be one
of the best fielding pitchers m the
major leagues
t A 1 IK I ! tl I 1 tt 1 tl I ^ C O 1 t Llh tt
it looks as if it just got out of a several othci stars from Indi EE 50 final The singer in this group suiioimding states of records is Lena Horne, one of Varsity To Take Cover Charlie Barnets ex's This daik Due to the fact that the fresh
(Continued fiom page 1) wind seo skinned gal can really make those man squad has been piacticing for to eliminate mob action, the principal danger in the mustache ,, „ blue notes moan and holler for help less than two weeks it IS very pi oh battles, by limiting the hours and places of the fights Piovmg again that “Quiz Kids ’ she must be a pow’ful sad woman to able that they will not be called on TUq TT 1- 1 u 1 J 4. arc mortal altei all, Jack Beckman, c,2ng hke she does, but I guess she’s to play an entire regulation game The administration of the University has declined to m- of that eioup, bxoke a leg m foot ^o it Dinmg the latter half of the game iGlieiG with this matter unless it becomes necessary Any ball practice at St Phillips High There will be anothei album must they will be lelieved at the discie student actions which pioduce undesiiable results, however, School m Chicago the other day ^igxt week, just what it will be we tion of the coaching ^afl; and the Vill be dealt with harshly even to the point of expulsion from some of oui Quiz Oldsters (jQjjq. Lnow, ’cause it hasn’t tome gamp will be continued between two
would bicak then necks . .. . . . . . _
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
Dear editor
I 1 cad your edito lal in the Expo nent of September 18 n regard to the ha^is foi aw aiding the Miinioe Tioph'v tilh a gicat deal of inter est Along this 1 iie I am enclosing a copy of a letter I wrote to Piesi dent Elliott a day oi two after tne Tiophy was awarded to +he Cai^ Hall South team The units of Cai Club ha\e no desue to co upete foi the Tiopli on an unf ii oasi hew etc it ‘-ecnis to lie thau P cic aie e\ei il liffciltie w rich uie nnci cnl n the emulations which wotll male 1 impossiHe loi fiateinties bO’ oiitie« and coopeiatn e houses to compete among themsehes on a fan basis in.ofai ps actual membeiship in the 0 ganizetion is eon cined Ihe lange oi nen bei hip between thclaige tfiateiniU and the mill cst liatcinitj IS appioximitely as ml cal a the t|^teienee in range ot iicmbeishlp between a unit of the Pesidcnce Halls and the lai^^esl lia teinit^ espeeialh if Caiy Hall th IS di ided in^-o foui units in the f itu e T le 1111^0 between the membeiship of the laigest fiatei nity and that ot tne mallest coop ei itRe house is cten greater than that between the units ot the Halls ai 1 the avciaoe liatcinity If equal opioitunil\ loi win ling the award 1 1 sed upon n embeishin 111 organ iza ion,, then I believe that it would le imi os die foi frateinitios and 01 Oldies to eon pete foi the awaid 1 o 1 themsehes on a f 111 basis II =cri ^ to me that one cquiliz in 1 ctji in fa\ 01 of the fiatei nities and soioiitics is that they se lect and choo e then membeis Un d( 1 till P'S stem ot selection it would he pos ihk ■‘'01 f etcinilies and so 1 OI itie 11 inal c it a poii t to jilcdge the outstai liiim seholais cut of the Men s and V omen I c idence He 11s loi then own mioupb which is often tlie Case The dons and t^omens 1 e ideriee Iiall iic not selective in th( same sense ot fiateinities and
soi 01 itios
I leel ouie that I represent the entinunts of ( aiv Hall men when I SmV that Caiy Club desiies to com pi tc on as fan a ha is as possible with othri 01 mania itions The men ci Oaiy Cluli and I aie ol eotiise vtiy h|jpv that we aie 110per nutted to com]) t foi i tiophj ■which been in the ja t 1 ti ict cu to Jialeinit es ind soi iiiti Vdj 1 ul\ yius G 0 Aibucl le Unectoi I lankliii Le\Cling (aiy ' Meinoi lal II ills '■I\ dojai Pie idcntilliitt Ihe ipei ihei ol ( aij ( lub and I aie \(iy pioud ot the honoi earned by Ihc Oai^ II ill Se uth eheldsliip team m pinning tie Munio Seholai liiji 1^0llh^ Ve lie not Linmindlul oi the ^let leiwevei that theie is 1 Jeelinti anioii *■ membeis oi other 01. ini/fitioiis that Oaiy Hall South ill a eiflieidtel advantage in conipet m; foi till, Eiojihj eiuc to the iium hei ol usbiderits lesidiiig there Aft tj difacitsing thib mattei with Wil licin 1 »ihei, the pie ident ol Caiy Club, i{ was that 1 shoulel wiite i4 you and ask that in the lu line (lyv Hall South he consideud as lour difetinet boeial and govern mettlal unitb which include 110 stu-
WBBM - 780 - CBS
the Umveisity
A tiust has been placed ■with the student body, and the suc-
cess of these lules is a mattei largely up to them le, is the H V Kaltenborn, reporter extra hope of the Senate and the administration that the regulations relate some of his
and the spa it behind them will be observed, the students conducting themselves as true Boilermakers for the gieatest ben-
efit of all involved
more ban raising experiences on “Behind the Mike’ tomorrow at 2 30 p m ovei NBC For some really
interesting tales, listen
out yet It’ll piobably be something evenly matched vaisity teams
entiiely different though, something No definite time has been set to on the gayer side and not quite so make this change It will all delow down We’ll let you know about pend on the ability of the yearling it however, as soon as it comes out squad to cope with the powei and
Until then, these two on the blues speed of the fastef and moie pol s'hould keep you sitting hom° ished vaisity eleven
In the Churches ® Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Chuich (Sixth and North Stieets) 9 30—Student Class Do'^le Mul kn friendly pastor of the Christian Church will teach It will be good 10 30 -Ch iich Worship Service Tl t Rev Doyle Mullen will preach on the sabje^’t Souices ol Power ’ Affiliate membeis will be leecived 4 30—Hippy Hollow Hike (Note the chan e in time ol leaving) Vvie shall leave to-,ethei from 131 S
tuaiy of the ehuich
Some good listening tomorrow at
At 8 o clock a ‘ Fun Test ’ will be 2pm over CBS will be the “1 amily
held in the Foundation House at 116 Sheetz Stieet Any Pill due student is welcome to any 01 all of these programs
® UnaversiS'y Church P’-eehjl iian and Congregrtioi al tl Jeiiti(Noith and North Giant Streets) 9 30—Di Goiciou Graves w ill con duct lire student class He will dis cuss The Teaching ol Jesus on Cui lent Pioblems 10 30—Chinch soivice The Stu dent Chon is directed by Jim Chase Joanne Lloyd is the Organist The
Giant Please come on time so we speaker will be a layman Mi Eail may 1 cep schedule and be back by Z Sigmon Mi Sigmon is a husi
I oocl will be piovided man fiom Indianapolis
5 30—Sunday Evening Club Sup
7 30 01 8 00
at 15e each Don t foiget to wear picnic clothes Bung jacknives
and llashlmhts
Hour with Gladys Swaithout Ross Graham Deems Taylor and Al Goodwins Orchestra Some of you might like to get a ‘pieview” of Miss Swarthout’s singing, for, as you piobably know, she is making a peisonal appearance on campus
this year
WLS 890 NBC
® Plaf-fer Chatter
The Barefooted Dixieland Phil haimonic more commonly known as the Chamber Music Society ol Low ei Basin Stieet has made two really supei albums in the last two weeks and let us tell you theyie really worth having Dr Henry Levine, the eorductoi invited Dinah Shoie to this set It s that tamous ‘ Mood Indigo and if Dinah ever turned lion it’s foi this number She really
HENRY
JOAN
9 WesSey Foundation 1 list Mithodist Church (Uninci South St and N Chauncey) 4 30—Student Classes 1 The In tei national Lcssion—Mis O S Steele 2 ‘Income Outgo and the Kingdom of God’—Pi of J T Gunn, 3 The Christian Messaoe and Oui Woikl Today ■—Prof C O Lee, 4 The Growth ol Methodism —Rev U R Balsley 10 10—Morning Worship ‘ The Chill eh will be the theme of the 11101 ning mcditition by Di Steele 5]ieeial arthem by the chon and ol) by Maiy Johnston 5 45 to 6 30—rellowshiji period at the emu eh 6 30 to 7 15—Thice discussio^ group on 1 Open 1 oium on Relig lous Questions-E R Balsley 2 Pci son il Iveligious Living—Jose jihine Balsley 3 Social Service Ac tivitic Amy Meycis 7 15 to 7 45—Clo^in., poiiofi ol re'll w hq Vcspeis in the sine lent 1 c identb eaen When Caiy Hall ‘-outh was lust constiiieted, deti nite plans and proetdiiies weie de vibcd wheiein the South Hall should b( considei ed is hou ing loui inch vilual units of Cuy Club Ihese units have hien easily segiegated ihiough the u i ot loin diiiii g loimis in the Soitli II ill I hey com J etc as scpiiate units loi all f aiy 4 ill avvai Is uid tiijihiis, and it i (LU leclir^, lhat tile's should com peie Joi the Munio fiophy in the um mai nci II this plan is Iol lowed in tlit liituic it seems to me th I ill le idcnce hall li lieinitie ei ptialive houses, and othei 01 ni/ed gioLips w uld be competing, on as Ian a lia ib is possible uiidci the existing iigulntions Veiy tiuly youis G 0 Al buckle
per will be sei yed at 15 cents pei
plate followed by a social and dis- -Lhat something iji hei voice go cussion hour berserk and you know what that
First
tea dance of the season will hd held in the north ballroom ol thi Union next Tuesday The dance will be sponsored by the Student Union and will last fiom 4 to 5 30 with music furnished by lecoidings All students are invited to attend and the admission is fiee It IS lepoitcd that Bobby Riggs National Aniateui tennis champion will tuin pi otossiojial very shortly
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE Wed., Sept. 24, 7:00 p. m. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS ADVANCED PUPILS ENROLL THURS, SEPT 25 7 p m ALLEjN S 6th and Ferry
with BARTON MacLANE - WARREN WfLLIAM - ONA MUNSON
MARS
Starts TODAY
HEALTHFULLY COOL itmniEitt STARTS SDHOAY
— LAST TIMES TODAY Dorothy UMOUR Jon HALL
—LAST TIMES TODAY— Sizzling Drama 'Midst Dazzling Splendor! ALL NEWI with GEORGE SANDERS WENDY BAttRIE • Paul Guilfoylo Jonathan Hole • Linda Hayetj — AND —
ALSO 'CAPT MARVEL," Serial
-SUNDAY - MONDAYYOU'RE THE ONp SAN FRANCISCO DOCKS PHANTASIE SHORT
HEALTHFULLY COOL LUMA ■ SUNDAY-MONDAY-
RACY BQMANCI RIDES THE CHINA SEAS!
Wer
with PETER LORRE • JESSIE RALPH REGINALD OWEN • MATTHEW BOtlLtiDH LAST DAY — 2 HITS Richard Arlen - Andy Devine
— IN —
"A DANGEROUS GAME" PLUS BILL ELLIOT
— IN —
SON OF DAVY CROCKETT'
That "Dared Not The Love Story Be Made."
The FiTm That Hit The Front Pages Frojn Coast to Coast! He wanted Love on His Own Terms—and No Woman Would Pay the Price!—Why?
— Admission on this Picture — Nights and Sundays 55c Week Day Matinees 25c Tax included Children Always 10c
A
Yll
PREVUE TONITE START? MJDNITE
Tickets on Sale 10:30 p. m.(•i
i V
pvtcimt %xP<mzHt
vv 'f (
Hairiiss Open ^ga\mf Lambert Calls ll^i^is Here October 4 freshmen
Country Scheduie
meer th€ TCflfli
.. presenting;
) « S, '
9^ ^
a?» «»7 -
Baskethaii Men
) ,. J I ...i
Witk 3everai of th.e top ranking schools in the Western
„ » . , n -I ji .i* ii. T»* j. M(aidaw;''*aftei’nit^r& the Tirospeiv Conference inclUided among the opposition, the Riveter cross . . , , , , . ® tive freshman basketball players countrjl schedule of eight meets was announced yesterday scrimmage among themselves afternoon by |Iead Coach Phillips. The meet with Illinois, pn in order to give Coach “Piggy” Ocfobpr 4wi^ be the first of fiiyo dual meets which will be fol- Lambert a chance to see which v,nes lowed by the State Meet and the Conferenc'e Meet, both of gqnad.uirawSeelndiS^ which will be run on the improved course northwest of the turn out foi the first few nights
Sigma Delta Psi
nights
,of practice, but the squad »s soon cut down to working size of about
20.
This process of elianmation is
, „ 1, r. based entirely upon what the felA „nafiopahathihtio honorary, has j ^ scrimmages announced that students mterested ^ f scrimmages in passing the entrande tetts are not upon any past performanc
es. Lambert encourages freshman basketball players to come out and do their best to make the team, and
Fieldhouse.
PoljQWilig the Big Ten Meet Will be the Naiidnal event which will draw most of the outstanding induranee men in the country to Lans-
ing, Michigan.;
Prosh Also Practice
With the invasion of the Illini encouraged to do so as soon as possquad less than three weeks away, sible Don Phillips, assistant to
the Boilermalcer harneis have he- Chief Glevett as head of the Intra- u ^ ^ ^
gun practice in earnest on the murW department, lists Tuesday
three and one-half mile couise At and Thursday as the days for can- sc 00 s on n^cessar present fifteen men are working didates to report to the stadium. 1. n ^ ^
^ that the team will be picked from „,ii iiiu. the results of the trial scrimmages
alone
Lambert Watches Frosh The squad will practice under the direction of Head Coach Lambert until football season ends; then Dutch Fehring will take over the Rhinie team, and Piggy will resume his duties as varsity coach The portable basketball court will be put up in the fieldhouse after the grid season is closed, also. It is not put up sooner because of the fact that the football squads occasionally practice inside in unusually bad weather rb.b
out in eompetitioH for the varsity. A few fleshmen have been running but have hot as yet started any competition for positions on the
Rhime squad
This year Coach Phillips hds changed the course in an effort to increase the amount of visible course from the spectators’ angle. It IS laid out in a clover leaf fashion with nearly two thirds of the actual course irl plain vietv of those
present
Tough Course Starting nearly one hundred
Urtks Teurney Mbits headline For Quirnmn
Spits fiestipr hy PM JdhmoM
With the flir cd ieiitfieB'foar sUcampUB golf dwindling far below predictiDBS, the Litramural office
IM Schedule ALL CAlWPUS TENNIS Saturday, September 28
1 IS p m
Hutchins vs J W Graybill W L Sihfflliol VH C N Ross
A Crofts vs Harrison or Kreisle
Bill Fawcett vs J M Venable
Bril Clem vs Bob Martin
F D Martin vs Stallings or Smith Falfcenberg ve Kraybill or Rodgers
Gibbons vs Dudzinski Eden vs Black or Daley
COURT Id W F
yards south of the first tee on the diamond
three hole practice golf course, the tiack runs north to the far side of the stadium and then east across thfe military practice grounds After Crossing two creeks the course
(Continued on page 4)
SOFTBALL
Monday, September 22
Ward 30 vs Ward 26 Ward '23 vs Ward 22 Ward 29 vs Ward 6 Ward 83 vs Ward 27 Ward 10 vs Ward 11 Ward 32 vs Ward 25 Ward 12 vs Ward 14 Ward 21 vs Ward 28 Ward 9 vs Ward 24
Waid 8 vs
Indiana’s fiashy Bill Hillenbrand IS a brother of Joe Hillenbrand who IS a junioi guard on the Boilermaker football squad.
W^esr; Steyegi^ By Bill Cassady At one of the most strongly fortified posts on this year’s Boilermaker eleven Wes Stevens is a standout at left guard Wes weighs 197 pounds, every ounce of which lives up to the excellent reputation which Purdue guaids have garnered for theAiselves in the past few years. 21 Years Old Wes was born in Windsor, Vermont, a little more than 21 years ago, and incidentally isn’t worried about the draft—lucky pan Soon after his birth, however, he moved to Cleveland where he prepped at Shaw High School under Trever (Continued on page 4)
• This Mafor Sports {problem A^iit
We’ve never seen any pertinent question which didn't have taro sides to it The present question concerning the statns of golf on our eantpnn IS no exception We are indeed indebted to last year’h track captaih B4
has issued a last miawte ^11 to all UoMernsan, for his excellent letter (which Was printed in the IBxiwfwht students who aie mterested to qual- Tuesday last) defending cross country as a majo# sport and prdtBot-
ify before the deadline tomorrow ^hat end.
All that IS necessary to qualify Ex-eaptam Hoilderniant is certainly one of the finest athletes to wear for lihe tournament ig to play eigh- ^ Mock “P.” We also heartily agiee with the statement in Ed's letter teen boles on the new University concerning the merits of both golf and cross country. They are boiHi golf course, and turn in the score- grand sports and there is no douht that there should be more like them.
• Maybe We're OH Fashioned
But in one thing we cannot agree wholeheartedly. While we aw in favof of encouraging these and other gpsrti, we cannot see the reasoning for doing this enooui aging hy raising lieia tO » ma^wf sport stietm to the detriment of spoits which have held and deserved tins status for
sev^eral years.
Perhaps we are old fashioned in this viewpoint. Michigan and XBmois, for instance, have no minor sports Tennis, squash, cross country, fencing, and all other intercollegiate sports are major sportSi Several other
schools aie moving in this direction,
• How EH You ludge Majoi^ Spotts?
Just what basis do you have for judging major sports’ Ed Holdernfen gives as^ a standard to judge ^^fe^oTfowing definition: “A sport or-
Last year it was Biuce Dixon and ganized and developed to such a d^ree as to provide active physical Jim Seabright who finished fiist and competitwHi among the majority of the Big Ten schools and upholiiing second respectively in the tourney, a conference championship is deserving of a major award.”"
In our own mind there are certain other points that we think deserve consideration In a sport such as cross country or golf in which the members practice individually, in the former ease almost of fheir own will, and which do not receive the benefits of close teamwork and give and take competition, deserving of the same standing as a sport which lequires three months of strenuous, carefully coached pradJce in the
card at the first tee when leaving the grounds The scores thus turned irt give the officials somewhat of an idea as to pairing of the contestants and makes for a more balanced af-
fair
Turnout Disappointing
Considering that last year found 40 entrants at the tee when the activity started, yesterday’s tally, showing that only fifteen have thus far gamed entrance, is somewhat disappointing and the officials are at a loss as to an explanation
and thus far A1 Muusen seems to have the edge on the rest of the boys by virtue of his eighty-four on the
qualifying round.
Incidentally, it is not necessary for all eighteen holes to be played
-CM, T
(jro to ihe
PUMUE-IIIVIU
GAME
As a Guest of the, fJxponent!
The 1941 EXPONENT knows that you wont want to miss this outstanding game of the year. ^ ft ^ Here’s a chanee for you to go FREE as die' Exponent’s guest, all you liave to do is sell ten subscriptions between the dates, Sept. 2^ and October 22; ami a ticket to the game is yours.
Whether you get $1.00 down or $3.50 paid-in-full, it’s still a subscription.
Tal kto your friends. They want tn buy an Exponent anyway so they might as well get it from you.
Come down to the Eiscponent office and get ‘•'x your subscription blanks now.
Office Headquarters—Sub-Hasement of the Purdue Memorial Union The West Side Is Your Territory! A Ticket to the Football Game Is Your Prize! STUDENTS, TOWNSPEOPLE, ALL
on the same day, so if it is more faH followed by another vigorous two months period in the spring? convenient to play one nine on Sat- Can the winning of two major awards each year in the same sport be urday and the other on the follow- justified’ Only football players of All-American ability are allowed to mg day it is aliight to do so All skip spring practice for haseball or track. They work both spring and
faculty members and all students, fail for one award.
except varsity golf players, are eli- jjj our estimation, golf has another strdce against its being a major gible to enter the tourney sport Golf certainly has not been treated by the Athletic Department Awards Given, Too j^^d the faintest idea of its becoming a major sport The re- - Once more it must be stressed stncted budget and haphazard coaching administration both been that qualification closes tomoiiow responsible for the lethai-gie (or less) records which have been made and all scorecards must he in hy ^^e past several years. Certainly the University did not budd the golf that time, so make use of the week- course for those six persons who comprise the golf squad each year, end to play a little golf and at the Can the golf team “provide active competition among the majority of
same time be in line for the awards gjg Ten schools
that are to be given rwd. • IPs The PACs Baby
But then the court of final appeal for the question is not up to this column 01 any few persons, but to the members of the Purdue Athletic Council They have a tough decision to make These members have the final decision in the matter They are making every possible effort to allow all pel sons interested to express themselves by attending the
Frankie Fiisch, firey leader of the Pittsburgh Pirates, estimates that he paid out $800 m fines 1:0 umpiies during the 1940 season Among Fiisch’s prize antics is parading in
front of the Piiate dugout with a open meeting Tuesday afternoon
raised umbrella to protest playing As for cross country, its status is at present firmly embedded as a a game m thq rain Frankie was major sport, and cannot be disturbed unless a petition signed hy three
ejected from that one, too. or more students is presented te the PAC
A sure way to save money on student fnmitinre needs. Fashioned of sturdy Douglas fir and smoothly sanded ready for your brush. Buy now and get Sears low anniversary prices. Chair J1.19 Kneefaole Desk . . ^35 Dressing Table. . - 4.39 4-Drawer CSie^jt . .. 7,^6$ Cwner Cabinet . . 7.69 Night qihest 3.79 Drop-leaf Table . . 4.69 Stool 1.29 Chair .... 1.05 (Price does not meli^le assembBng)
Paint It Yourself 4-HQiuh Enamel Dries Quickly, Ea»y ta *AU Desired Coleum!
Shop at Sears for liner furniture and rugs at lower prices. Sold on EASY PAYMENTS
$AVI MONIY ON SO,000 iytMS IN SIA*S CAJAtOO, USt O0« CA7AIOO 0«0i« iirvir. "5 ^ $EARS^ROEBlItK AND CO '
2 N. Tliird St.
htif iS
iFree Parking
PIMft4039PWBBtlE SXPONlilt
M
SolurHcty. SeplemfcVr 20/1941V
13!?.'-
tank Balance Provides Reason For Successes
Sports Briefs ^eef Tfte Team
1941 Book Exchange To Close Today M 5
Novice Pietol Gront»: Student deBirlhg to Gonditlohal Exams s.Iijfamjnatfott for^r^ :' fire in the first novice pistol group starting mo’val of C and I grades Will be given,SaWfe Sept. 28, 1941'may sign up in the supply nrday, September 20, 1.^ p.m, ih
room of the armory now.
-Erown.
101, Civil Engineering Bs may be obtained in Room
uilding.
102.
.i-LOMMEL
Agriculturist Business Staff: Short meete ing JWonday, September 22 at 4' p.m. at - - , —ARVIDSON
4 . , , , .11 (Continued from page 3)
Jarrin’ John Kimbrough, All-
Aiherican fullback at Texas A. & M. now freshman cpach at Ohio the past two years, is being sued State. A.t Shaw Stevens made three
for a breach of contract with the fin track, _ , _
New ^ork Yankees of the American in 'SS pf money and unsold "s?u3l'it ?x^’S>tT4' te Purdue Athletic Council: important meet-:
Stph-no-p fn rplafp the Npw Ynrk Yankpp<4 havp clinclied the Professional F o o t b a,l 1 League. wnicn is evidence in itseli books. Anyone who has taken books take ,this exam must obtain Permit at the. ing Tuesday,-^pt. 28 at 4 p.m. ip the A^PrtJln Wup Douglas Hertz, owner of the Yanks that Wes is pot to be overlooked on to the Exchange should report to department of mathemat.es befoj:.Se^^^^^^^ Director of Athjet.es. . American League pennant—and by a wide margin—witnour brought suit football team. the Student Union office if he has ___ the services of a single pitcher who has won 20 ^mes. Ve^ Kimbrough, claims the Since this story was written, Wes not done so already, and if his books ' seS^es^?^" WeaS!;:r“septeS^.V non “Lefty” Gomez and Charlie “Red” Ruffing will approach burly Texan has forsaken the team Stevens was the victim of a “tackle have been sold he will receive pay- military department again ,this year for her 24. All those interested in editorial > .1. ,e-., _ -i . TT-11 J diniildoi.” and will ho mif oi-tirtu iTioTit- .‘f not. his bfinlfs will bp VO. any male students interested. Announce- business, and circulation sta^
By Ted Clark
Mathematics Condition Examination: Ex-
T, 1 1 . .11' 1 ■ j 1 j. amination to remove condition in mathBook Exchange Will close today at ematics win be given ih Recitation build-
K r> m • +liia Viniir id tbo rlemdlinp ing on'Saturday, September 20, at 1 p. m. offiee“'Be”iBromnt' 0 p.m., tnis nour is tne aeaaime aU students with tmrfemoved C grade must prompt
Pnrdue Athletic Council: Important meet-
Baseball Practices
that coveted mark, but both will fall shy.
Probably, the Yanks can attribute their winning margin to excellent balance in every department. The hitting of the Bronx Bombers Js a thing al- .—
most legendary, but their fielding, base running, adeptness at the all but lost art of bunting, the consistency of Joe DiMaggio and the steadying influence of Bill Dickey upon the mound staff combine to give Marse Joe McCarthy and his lads a highly versatile team.
Dickey is ably backed up by Bud- jT^aber baseball squad is taking fulldy Rosar and is the reason for the gg^ advantage of the time, and acsuccess of such young pitchers as coj-djug to Burt Sanders and “Pop” Ernie Bonham, Charlie Stanceau, Doan fall practice will continue"unNorman Branch, Marvin Bruer, tn the 'weather no longer permits. Steve Peek and Marius Russo. The object of having a fall praeGordon To Rizzuto players in as ' The Yankee infield need not bow good condition throughout the fall to anyone. Little Phil Rizzuto has j,g possible so that the burden will jacked his batting average up be lightened when spring rolls around the .300 mark since he was around,
benched in early season. Along with Joe Gordon they form the best double play combination in the ma-
for a career in Hollywood.
Roger Peckinpaugh, present man-
ager of the faltering Cleveland In- hap of the season for the Boiler-
shoulder” and will be out of action ment; if not, his books will be re-
fer at least the first two games, turned.
This injury is the first major mis- This year the Book Exchange sold
!,400 worth of books, somewhat
makers less than the $3;600 worth sold last After working in a machine shop year at this same time. Principal
any ma.e siuneniB inLvrt;»tt-u. xviinuunuc- -—7 it 11 -kt..,■ ment of the schedule will be made the last room 118 of Agriculture Hall.^No-.,pteyiovs week in' October \ ' ■ Journalistic experience required; man^^p-
—BURKHART. portunlties open.
-SNYDER
dians, once made eight errors in a World Series. Peck was usually a
steady shortstop, but blew up in the this summer to keep in condition, reason for the lowered sales is that
: Scribners: Picnic Sunday, September 2^ Roger Williams Club: Annual fall picnic, at 4:30 p.m. in grove north of stadium-'' Saturday, September 20. Meet at church at Call Riegle at 86704 before Saturday noon ; 1:30 p.m. Total cost will' be 26 cents. for reservations. Total cost will be 16 cents. •— -ifec
—ARTMAN
-RIEGLE
_ Alpha Phi Omega: AU men going on Reception: Christian Science Organizaautunin classic against the Brook- Wes went back to Shaw High to many texts have changed during the o^'emight hike can me at 2648 for reserva- tion cordially welcomes all studente inter-
_ _• J . • 1 ' 1 .X .•,1 . , ♦ tions any evenine after six. Meet in
lyn Dodgers in 1921.
assist the new grid coach there with past year, k.r,
coaching. Chances are that he will
Rollicking John “Pepper” Martin also coach there after graduation.
With each passing day bringing detracted much from the prestige of Meets Old Friends ideal weather conditions, the Boiler- Catcher Mickey Cochrane when he Several seasons ago, while help-
stole eight bases in the 1931 World ing his old coach Trever Rees at Sei’ies and helped the St. Louis Shaw, Wes coached three boys by Cardinals to capture the World’s the name of Palmer, Sweeney, and Championship from the previously Floi’. By a strange trick of fate invincible Philadelphia Athletics, this trio will again meet Stevens,
but only as friendly enemies. They morning,
Cinderella Man Jimmy Braddock, are candidates for the Ohio State
former Heavyweight Champion, he- eleven this year. For this reason s„]^yPented!"ept>td7and“p^^^^^ lieves Lou Nova’s left hand and the Wes is particularly anxious to play eograph and multigraph work done. " decline of Champion Joe Louis will in the Buckeye encounter. Phone 2779, Lafayette, be two factors strong enough to Wes is,a very active member of Rent: singiTT^, comfortable and
tions any evening after six. Meet in Swed- ^ted in our organizatio to reception Supish lounge of the Union at 8 p.m. Satur- day, September 21, at' 3:80 p.m. in room day. September 20. Will return Sunday 366 of the Union. —LOCKWOOD morning. Anyone who can' provide trans- ^ . 7 , , portation please call Dick Adams at 6089. 00"^? * Mass nmeting Tuesday,
—SIGLER September 23, 4 p.m. in EE room 264.
• ' ■ —KING
iStudent Tutors in Mathematics: Students _ . „. v. T ' - ... 1 who are competent and who wish to do tu- . Senior Civil Engineers: Impbrtant meettoring in mathematics should leave their civil_ engineers Mondw. names and telephone numbers at the math 32 at 7:30 p.m. in room 8M ,of the department office. —AYRES Union. —TRUITT Outing Club: All students are invited to Scabbard and Blade: Meeting 'Wednesd^; meeting of Purdue Outing Club Tuesday, 34 at 7:30 p.m. in roo™ 304 of the September 23. Meet in front of Armory at Union. All members should be there as
Lost: Horn rimmed glasses and driver’s 6 p.m. to hike to cabin. For picnic reser- important plans will be discussed.
Phone 8413. vntions call Ted Parker, 76271, or Marjorie
■Ward, 41111, before Monday night, September 22. —'WARD
Classified
Ads
-SULLIVAN
Practice has developed into more
give Lou a victory over the Brown Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity and Bomber. holds the position of pledge-master
•' 4.1 Ti„ Anyone with information about where
——- tnere. ne nas a great iiKing lor left his books, notebooks, etc.,
jor leagues Rizzuto has acquired ^ routine with accent of real competition before the ini- Glenn Gray’s music and names please report to Professor Harding’s office.
i.the monicker “Scooter” from his being placed upon the fundamentals tial meet with Illinois in the form Tommy Dorsey’s “Marie”as his fav'italian^American admirers in the game. Batting practice and of a frosh-varsity encounter on orite song. In parting it might be Bronx The name undoubtedly ^ ^ great conies' from his speediness and workouts, and as a rule^ th'e week following time trials will liking for the sorority house next
shortness of stature. Phil is an ex- *®^^fternjon is brought to a close be held. door. cellent drag hunter. His ability to with .an intersquad game of usually Lengthy Schedule “
catch the opposition off-balance _ The complete schedule is as fol- Probpbly the tallest high-jump
Exponent Sophomore Coeds: Work schedule ,13 posted in office. Please check and report on days assigned. ’ —ROSE
i?ii -
Freshmen Engineers: Seating - assign-
Christian Science Organization: ReguIaY meeting at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday,; Sept. 23 , in room 306 of the Union. —LOCKWOOW,!, Modern Dance Club: Practice Mohdayi', Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p.m. antf Thursday at 7 p.m. every week. —SERBAN
Home cooked meals. Reasonable ments for engineering lectures to be held
Notices
Purdue- Engineer Workers: Miller, Nuas-
• 17 , TT n i 1 J- 4 meier, Pearson, and Westn'eat report for. in Fowler Hall are posted near the front ^ork Monday at 4 p.m. A complete work
schedule for .freshman and sophomore wbrjr-
Golden Shops. —W. A. KNAPP is now posted in the office. ■——■ —HAWKINS ' Students Eligible for N. Y. A.: Inquire ,
at Playshop business office, Fowler Hall, FAO Sophomore Workers: the following about available N. Y, A. jobs in connection .men please report for work Monday. Sept, with dramatics. CARMICHAEL 22, at 4 p.m_.: Allemang, Alter, Baynes,
Exponent Sophomores: New men are assigned to nights as follows—Eckstein, Mon-
Laboratory Theater: AU persons interested in trying out for Laboratory Theater either acting or crews be at Fowler Hall Saturday, September 20 in the Green Room at 1 p.m.- — SIDWELL Lutheran Students: There will be a social meeting of all the Lutheran students
mi J.T. „ . T.,. -1 A , -4 /. • 1 • > . , signeo ro nignts as loiiows—acKsicin, jvion- ciai meeting oi an tne ijUtnerj ihere seems to be a reseive OI Iq-WS; Oct. 4, Illinois here; 'Oct. 11, performer in history is a, chap day, Wednesday; Kimbrell, Monday, Wed- at the Hply Trinity English
sophomore talent to choose from Indiana there; Oct. 18, Ohio State named Timmerr^an of Wisconsin A^.evcii, Monday, Friday; Sjtarp Church, 6i9 North Ninth St.,
with a bunt and scoot to first base
is a thing of beauty to watch. , • , , .-“i a..-..-...,, TnLuyiir c:+,ivm i'=nn T ml Poiivio- uud quitc a fcw of them havc shown there; Oct. 25, Wisconsin there; who stands 10 inches above the six nesday; Giaspie, Monday. Friday; Johnny oturm is no IjOU ticnilg •* . . , . . mors, Tuesday, Thursday; Kumlander,
around first base nor is he as ca- unusual promise in the recent prac- Nov. 24, National Meet at Lansing, foot mark. He is also a center on day, Thursday; Allemang, Tuesday, Sat- building Tuesday, September 23, at 7:30 Saturday, Sept. 20, at 1 11.m. in room 232 able as Babe Dahlgren but he is a afternoons ago JVIich. the Badger basketball team. urday; Glass, Wednesday, Saturday^._ p.m. Refreshments ! Come meet the new of Union. AU active Jhembers are requested
J 4. ^ J Petrich, a sophomore hurler, toil,qd
good team player and is improving ’
Lutheran
.7:30
Monday, Thursday; Wells, Monday,. Wed- p.m. Sunday, Sept.,21. —ANTAL
Sum- ^—
Tues- Radio Club: Meeting in room 254 of EE
Bickel, Bird, Brueckner, Cohen, Custis, Edwards, Gentiles, Horton, Kuhn, Wdls.
—PEARSON .
Pi Kappa J*8l: Important meeting of all members Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p.m. in room 305 of the Union^ —SCOTT Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, Sept. 21, at 2:30 p.m. Meet in front of Exec.u-; tive Building. All bicyclists invited. • '
—VANDERBILT
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledging service
sponsor and the fellows.
—KING to attend.
MacDONALD
steadily with his fielding. Team play
very effectively on the mound and
of the foremost secrets of the opposing batters had difficulty
Yankee success and Manager McCarthy is the secret behind the whole thing. Joe is clever enough to realize that one prima donna ball player on a team is enough to wreck thut team’s chances in a pennant race. This fact is sadly evident in the collapse of the Cleveland In-
in connecting with his offerings.
Sophs Coming Along
, Sophomore infielders themselves could make up quite a nifty combination with Jones at'first, Wargo on the second bag, Olds at the shortstop position and Wright handling
the hot corner.
Not to be outdone by the infield
dians. Temperament is in evidence
throughout the entire lineup. Gerald boys,Jwo sophomores Schoemacher Walker is a prime example. Hal Hipp, are both doing yoeman
Trosky was left out of McCarthy’s
duty in patrolling, the gardens and
lineup in the All Star game a few see plenty of action
come next spring, r.w.d.
Phillips Announces
(Continued from page 3)
the -starting
seasons ago for some selfish acts Joe noticed wheri the Indians played
at Yanifcee Stadium.
Ken Keltner caused quite a bit of eyebrow raisi'pg last winter when he
applied for Unemployment Com- angles back toward
pensation—an act typical of the point.
Tribe in general. Within a few hundred yards of Keller Dependable tjjis point, the course again turns
‘•Remove temperament and sel- north. From here it winds through
fishness and you have team play and the woods next to the new Univera good chance in any pennant race,” gtty golf course, along a ridge and McCarthy will remark. He traded then up a nearly vertical embank-
Johnny Allen and Ben Chapman for nient which is really a killer,
their attitude and refused to cater 'piie finish of this gruelling three to Johnny Broaca when he acted and one-half mile affair is attained like a spoiled child. Charlie Keller after circling the practice' golf is gaining the reputation as one of course. Nearly one-fourth of the most dangerous clutch hitters straight level turf at the finish ofof modern time. “King Kong” leads a fine opportunity for the run-
all major league rivals in runs bat- ners to sprint. I ted in and I is a better fielder than Ed Holderman Back'
most will acknowledge. 'pjjjg year’s squad, will probably
Red Rolfe has been disappointing i,e paced by slender Ed Holderman,
at third base and has relinquished, captain of the track team last the job to Gerald Priddy and some- gp^-j^g^ g^ju ^as one half year times Frankie Crossetti a great of eligibifity before he must hang deal of late. However, when the blue ap hjg gpjkes in conclusion of one •chips are down Red Robert is a of the finest track careers in the
steady performer and Priddy leaves history of the Riveter institution,
little to be desired. Several other iuen who may be
Tommy Henrich and George Sel- called upon to run on the eight
kirk are speedy hitters and good man team are Appleton, Roach, run manufacturers who would glad- Kemp, Duesler, McLaughton and den the heart of any manager. Kinder. Al Jentz, one of the leadr Coaches Help Greatly ing point getters on last year’s
Earl Combs and Art Fletcher are
to the Yankees what Evashevski was Harmon. Fletcher is one of the foremost signal stealers in the game. Often he catches a signal and relays it to the Yankee batters to the detriment of opposing pitchers. More often than not, this factor— rather than the Yank hitting power -—is the reason for an American League pitcher being knocked off the mound.
track and cross country squads, will not be able to participate because
of ineligibility.
All the boys out will get a taste
P. E. 12
Athletic Trunks—60c Plain Sport Shirts—45c Athletic Hose-35c
UWIVERSITV BOOK BTOBE AerosB from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Ep^ile, ’40