Dr. E. C. Elliott Starts Twenty-Second Year As President Today
Today, as the University begins its 70th year, President Edward C. Elliott jWill start his 22nd year as the chief executive of one of the leading agriculture and engineering universities of the world. The phenomenal growth, of this University started on September 1, 1022 when Dr. Elliott took over his job as President of Pursue University. Dt'. Elliott was actually elected to the chief executive’s post on May 16) 1922, when the Board of Trustees chose him to take over the post formerly held by Dr. Winthrop E. Stone,-who was killed~while on a vacation trip in the Canadian Rock-
ies July 17, 1921. Dr. Stone served 21 years and 41 days, which is the nearest any president has come to Dr. Elliott’s mark of service. Seven Other Presidents Seven other men have served as head of the University since it was organized in the early seventies. Col. Richard Owen, a member of the famous Owen family of New Harmony, Indiana, was the first president, serving from August Ig, 1872, to March 1,1874. He resigned a few days before the first students began classes. Abram C. Shortridge w^s the second president, serving from June
10, 1874, until December 31, 1875. Prof. John S. Hougham served as acting p^resident until Dr. E. H. White assumed the post. He held the chief executive’s post from May 1, 1876, until August 31, 1883. Dr. James H. Smart was president of the University from September 1, 1883 until his death on February 21, 1900. ' Dr. Stone was appointed June 6, 1900, and served until the unfortunated accident that brought his death in 1921. Henry W. Marshall, publisher of the Uafayette JournalCourier, then president of the Board of Trustees served as acting presi-
dent dntil the selection of Dr. Elliott. ' / A National Education Leader Important events have taken place at the Uniirersity duripg Dr. Elliott’s 21 years ai the University. The enrollment has grown from 3,110 to 7,121 full tifne students. Dr. Elliott has watched the engineering enrollment grow and place the University at the top of all engineering schools in the country, a place it has held for at least 16 years. He has seen the number of buildings grow from fewer than 50 to over 70, and the value of University property more thap quadruple.
Besides the physical changes on the campus the University has become one of the leading centers in the natipn in industrial as well as agricultural research. The creation of the University Research Foundation was basically an idea developed by Dr. Elliott and | David E. Ross, former president of the Board of Trustees. The Research Foundation has served as the pattern for several similar organizations in other states to finance and expand the research work in institutions of learning. Extension work of the University has grown until more than three
miliiofi persons every year get direct help in meeting their every day problems in fafm, home, factory, or business. Conferences and short courses held at the University in normal times have expanded from a half dozen a year to more than 90 a year. The attendance at these courses have grown from three or four thousand annually to more than 40,000. Looking Ahead When Dr. Elliott was asked what might be expected in the post war era, he went to a desk in his beack office and took out of a drawer a statement he wrote' some 20 years
ago soon after coming to the Uiii» vCrsi^. The statement said that the primary aim and purpose ot the University is tlo render aid to the citizens of the State “in meeting their needs for higher education and ofr scientific service”. After reading the statement for a second time, Dr. Elliott remarked: “It is just as true today as it was then and it is going to be even more true after the war because^we will hadfe more students who wilf demand more than ever before. Our opportunities will be greater and likewise our responsibilities will fee heavier than ever before.”
Fitness For The Fight
Established 1889
That’s Awful
Volume 56, No. 47
Purdue University, West Lafayette,Indiana
Saturday, August 28, 1948
New Students Meet At First Convo
Convocation Will Feature Devi Dja, Balinese Dancers Tonight At 7:30
You who are entering Purdue for this first mid-term belong to an extraordinary group to be fitted into the extraordinary war calendar of the University. In the past, freshmen came to the campus expecting to remain foi’ the usual four ye.ars. .The. most of you do not have such a prospect for the future. Hpw long jfeu remain depends, in some degree, upon you. For the most part, the demanding circumstances of war will determine your days on the Purdue campus. Whether your stay be short or long, one question should have a first place in your daily plans and actions. Everything that is done must be a part of your preparation for some form of national service. The Nation holds a first mortgage upon your strength of body, mind and spirit.' This mortgage may become due any day. Here you will be surrounded by men in uniform. You will be expected to be as well disciplined, as ready for duty, and as capable for doing as these men are. You are a part of the united power of the University Which has been promised the Nation. The entire University wishes you well during your Purdue days. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Radio Program To Feature Z. M. Smith Dr. Z. M. Smith, associate state club leader at the University, has been chosen by Radio Station WHAS at Louisville as one of the group of farm leaders from' Indiana, 'Kentucky, Tennessee, and 'West 'Virginia, to be saluted on that
station’s “Salute to Farm Leaders” program. Today’s entire program will be devoted to a biography of Dr. Smith. Smith was the first state club leader ever to be appointed at the University, and served in that capacity from, 1912 until his partial retirement in 1941. He also was the first state supervisor of agricultural education to serve in the state.
Upperclassmen Will Begin Registration Tuesday; Cbntinue Through Wednesday Tuesday, August 31 Wil-Zz 9:11- 9:30 A.M. Wal-Wik 9:30-10.00 A.M. Ti-Wak 10:00-10:30 A.M. Stf-Th 10:30-11:00 A.M. Sl-Ste 11:00-11:30 A.M. Sci-Sk 11:30-12:00 A.M. Ra-Sch 1:00- 1:30 P.M. Pas-Qz ...* ■- 1:30- 2:00 P.M. Nef-Par 2:00- 2:30 P.M. Mim-Nee 2:30- 3:00P.M. Mam-Mil 3:00- 3:30 P.M. Lop-Mal 3:30- 4:00 P.M> (incl Me and Mac) . , La-Loo 4:00- 4:30 P.M. Kem-Kz ; 4:30- 6:00 P.M. Wednesday, September 1 jjo-Kel '• 8:00- 8:30 A.M. Har-Hn - 3:30- 9:00 A.M. Gof-Haq 9:00- 9:30 A.M. Fox-Goe 9:30-10:00 A.M. Em-Fow 10:00-10:30 A.M. Den-El 10:30-11:00 A.M. Con-Dem 11:00-11:30 A.M. Cf-Com 11:30-12:00 A.M. Bis-Ce 1:00- 1:30 P.M. Bai-Bir 1:30- 2:00 P.M. -Aa-Bah 2:00- 2:30 P.M.
Exponent To Plan Service Men's Girl Contest Which serviceman has the most beautiful girl? That is what is to be found out in the Photographic competition that is being run by your Exponent. \ Anyone who thinks his sweetheart, jvife or best girl is pretty, and who doesn’t, should enter her picture in the contest and see which service; army, navy or marines can produce the most beauty. The idea is to select two feminine photographs from each of the three branches of the service and submit these pictures to a board of experts to decide the final winner of the contest. A preliminary choice will be made and the 30 semi-finalists’ pictures will be posted in the Union. Then will be the chance for the servicemen to vote for those girls who seem to them to be most attractive. The voting form will be printed in the Exponent and when the result is computed the six winners, two from each service, will be pi'esented to the board for final judgment. The pictures of the three winners will be printed and the one supreme winner for all the services will receive a prize which will be announced later. Further regulations and the selection of the board will be made known in su'bsequent issues. The thing to do now is to enter your photographs. They may be sent or taken to the “Service Page” of the Exponent in the Union Building. Be sm^ja'toNgut your name, addi’ess and Lranch of\service on the back of (each photogi^aph so it may be returned. Mudball hey there clarence i guess that these new freshmen are really going to be surprised when they find out what they walked into on this fair campus it should not be long before the innocent fresh women are not quite so innocent and then where will the new eds be —MUDBALL. Elliott To Preside Over Tomato Festival Monday Edward C. Elliott will preside at the Indiana Tomato Festival program Monday evening at Terre Haute. He will introduce Governor Henry F. Schricker, who will be the principle speaker. Others from the University w)io will attend and take part in the program will be T. R. Johntson, diI'eetor of information; K. I. Fawcett, of the horticultural staff, and Roscoe Fraser, who is in general charge of the picking, grading and other contests nt the festival.
Devi Dja will head the troupe of oriental dancers tp be featured at a special convocation in the Music Hall this evening at 7:30 according to the University Convocation committee. Although this convocation was arranged primarily for servicemen and women who have subscribed to the recreational program of the University, all freshmens reporting for orientation today will be admitted free. Servicemen will be admitted upon the presentation of identification cards and admission for the general public will be available at the doors for 66 cents. The Bali and'Java'Dan'cers,-as the troupe is called, is possibljf the last artistic attraction to escape from Europe. It consists of eleven dancers who bring with them their own orchestra and scenery in an attempt to recreate parts of Balinese and Javanese life through the medium of the dance. The varied program ranges from temple dances with a religious background to romantic and humorous scenes of Bali and Java and even includes a dance from the repertoire of East Indian head-hunters. The audience will also hear several folk songs from this region of the world. Inseparable From Life In Bali the dance is inseparable from the life of the people. In no other country it is so firmly built into the social and spiritual structure of a race. Many of the dances are of tremendous technical difficulty and demand absolutely controlled and flexible muscles. Examples of this are hopping about in a circle on crossed feet, or bending the body and at the same time rippling the muscles in coordination with intricate movements of the hand and head. The program is said to be unusual and will furnish the audience with at least a glimpse of the dances and some customs of another culture. Campus Smoking Rules Listed For ASTP Trainees ASTP trainees are cautioned that all campus regulations on smoking must be rigidly adhered to. Failure to do so will result in immediate disciplinary action. Smoking is prohibited at the entrance to buildings, on the steps or walks leading to them, and in all classrooms, drawing rooms, hallways, labox’atories, lavatories, libraries, locker rooms, rest rooms,) rooms for athletic contests and store rooms." Smoking is also prohibited in dining rooms at any time. In barracks, butts will be extinguished and placed jn ash trays, butt cans or Smoking stands. Ash trays will be emptied into butt cans only, and these in turn will only be emptied into ash cans provided for the purpose. Trainees are also cautioned against littering up corridors, stairways or campus walks with butts. Where receptacles are available, these must be used. Otherwise, butts should, be “broken” in the usual GI manner. ,
U. S. Army Hits Lowest Death \ Rate In History •Ae lowest death rate from disease of any army anywhete anytime —that’s the record of the present Army of the United States, Maj. Gen. Norman Thomas Kirk, Surgeon General of the Army, reported x.’jCiS'entlyf. j A'*- . Ilespite the wide range of climatic conditions to which American troops Have been subjected, and despite the number of disease ridden areas into which our troops have gone, medical and sanitary controls have kept both mortality and occurrence rates from disease down to unprecedented low levels. Dysentery, typhus, and yellow fever, great man-killers of gther wars, have been eliminated almost entirely by vaccination and sanitation, Gen. Kirk indicates. While malaria is still comparatively prevalent in certain spots, its death rate has been cut to almost nothing through effective use of atabrine. Although typhus is wide spread among natives of some North African countries, only two cases developed among enlisted men there —and both survived. Effectiveness of the preventive treatment is held responsible for this record. Venei’eal disease is also well under control. ' The only dark spot in the picture, Gen. Kirk indicated, was in neuropsychiatric cases, and it has been found that the great majority in this category has been more or less affected before they got in. W. H. Gallienne To Speak At Second University Convo W. H. Gallienne, British Consul General at Chicago, noted world traveler and diplomat and hero of World War I, will be the featured speaker at the opening of the semester’s new series of convocatiohsip the Hall of Music at 7:30 Wednesday. This program will be the formal opening of the University’s 70th year. i President Edward C. Elliott will preside over the convocation which will also include Col. Donald M. Beere, head of the University’s Military Department and commandant of the ROTC, and Commander Hugh J. Bartley, head of the naval training units stationed here. The combined campus glee clubs and the University Military Band will furnish the music. Several heroes of the present war, who are now in special training at the University, will be honored at the exercises. All civilian students, members of the armed forces and faculty will attend the program. The general program public is also invited.
Elliott^ Coolidge Talk; Remmers Gives Tests A1 Stewart, director of musical organizations at the University, directed the preliminary song-fest at 8 a. m. preceding the convocation for approximately 650 new students today in
the Music Hall.
President Elliott then personally welcomed the freshman and. transfer students with a shoirt speech in his usual humorous ui ; ) style., R. B. Stone, registrar of
the University, following Dh Elliott’s talk, con<Jucted a prjeliminary registration to determine the number of new stu-
dents in school.
Clare A. Coolidge, acting dean of women, and Fred I. Goldsmith, dean of men, were introduced, and extended their welcome to the assembly; following this, Jiidy Jones of Associated'^ttm^fif*' Students delivered an announcement concerning the newly edited
honesty booklets.
Prof. C. E. Dammon was then introduced; the program was concluded with an announcement about orientation tests by Dr. H. H. Remmers of the psychology department. The rest of the morning was taken up with English composition and placement tests. Psychological examinations and math tests will be given Saturday afternoon. University mathematics and science test will be given Monday, August 30, at 7:30 a. m., and the physical examinations will begin at
9 a. m.
Registration starts at 9 a. m. Tuesday in the Armory and will continue thru Wednesday. Classes start the following day. Freshmen placement or orientation tests have been used at the University for over ten years, according to H. H. Remmers, director of the division of Educational Reference; results of these tests are used in many ways which help both the student and the University. Tests on this order are used regularly in hundreds of colleges and universities in the country and are a result of the efforts of nationally and internationally known scientists and psychologists.
AWS Bureau Lures
I
Freshmen To Dates Since Orientation tests are only a small part of getting oneself accostomed to University life, AWS is again sponsoring a date bureau for the benefit of..new students who may 'wish to get' acquainted - and taste a sample of Boilermaker social life even before they are regularly enrolled as students. The Bureau began operation yesterday afternoon in the Great Hall of the
Union.
Girls interested in getting dates may yet sign up in either the Women’s Residence Halls or in the Union Building before 1 o’clock this afternoon. Fellows have ufitil 1 o’clock this afternoon to sign up in the Union Building. Applicants have been requested to fill all blanks carefully with special accent on the telephone num-
ber.
University Instructors Publish Article In Power A. S. Hall and Dr. R. C. Binder, of the University’s mechanical engineering school, are joint authors of an article titled, “A Direct Calculation of Gas Pressure Drop in Pipes” appearing in the August, 1943, issue of Power. The computation is a comparatively simple one which can be easily followed; whereas other solutions introduce more difficult and complicated approaches.
Freshmen To Follow Orientation Numbers When Registering Tuesday, Wednesday New undergraduate and special students register according to their numbei’s in thaorientation period, as follows; Tuesday, August 31 1- 25 1001-1060 9:00- 9:30 A.M. 26- 50 1061-1100 9:30-10.00 A.M. 51- 75 1101-1150 10:00-10:30 A.M. 76-100 1151-1200 10:30-11:00 A.M. 101-125 1201-1250 11:00-11:30 A.M. 126-160 1251-1300 I.OO- 1:30 P.M. 161-175 1301-1360...' f 1:30- 2:00 P.M. 176-200 1351-1400 .A ., . 2:00- 2:30 P.M. 201-225 1401-1450 2:30- 3:00 P.M. 226-260 1451-1500 3:00- 3:30 P.M. 261-275 1601-1550 3:30- 4:00 P.M. 276-300 1551-1600 4:00- 4:30P.M. Wednesday, September 1 301-325 1601-1650 8:00- 8:30 A.M. 326-360 1651-1700 8:30- 9:0''0A.M 351-375 1701-1750 9:00- 9;30A.]^, 376-400 1751-1800 9:30-10:00 A.M. 401-425 1801-1850 10:00-10:30 A.M. 426-450 1851-1900 10:30-11:00 A.M. 461-476 1901-1950 11:00-11:30 A.M. 476-600 1951-2000 .- 1:00- 1:30 P.M. ^01-525 2001-2050 1:30- 2:00 p!m* 526-560 2051-2100 2:00- 2:30p!flf* B51-end 2101-end 2:30- 3:OOP.lf*Page 2
Purdue Exponent
'Saturday, August 28,' 1943
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Pufdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Basincas Majaaecr >*wa Editor Managing Editor Sports Editors
Ellis MurphT Mary Dilta William H Tjson Carobn Wilbur Ray bmith Russ Lipei
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Tack A1 belt Ruth Ford Katv HowSs Mad elm Groines Peg Stefles
Business Staff
Advertising Manager C I Caint Assistant Advertising Manager Hetty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sai erman
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editoi Abbott Issue Editor Richaidaon Sports Editor Lipes Reporters toimlion Baines llo cs StcfTcs
Entered as secoi d class matter at the pdSt office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1878 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesdav Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the year except certa n vacation per ods pelrvered daily bv carrier for $1 for a semester by mall for 81 60 tor a semester S ibser | tions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Ui ion Represented for i ational a Ivertising by National Adverps ing Ser\ ce Ine College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Avc New Tork N Y
A Welcome To The New Freshmen . . . This Aveekend the Unn eisity has once moie become the newesi and most impoitant thing in the h\ es of anothei class of freshmen We Avant to add oui welcome to those innumeiable welcomes these fieshmen have aheady iecei\ed, and to impress upon them the fact that all concerned—teacheis, administrators, oldei student‘s, and the aimy, the navy, and the maiines aie also veiy glad to have them on the campus To the fieshmen we would like to drop a word of encouiagement Oiientation can not lust foiexei Noi can the mysteiious process of icgistiation last forevei You will soon be a full fledged and bonaflde membei of the student body, with a legulai passpoit to piove it These fiist few days at the Univeisity aie easily the most impoitant days of your caiecr on the campus The decisions you will have to make, the people vou meet and make youi fiiend^, the impiessions >ou make, and the things which impiess you will have an influence, small 01 gieat upon youi actuities during youi entile stay in school Youi piesence is Mtally needed heie You freshmen aie the ones who will be taught the campus tiaditions dining the next few semesteis and vou will be needed to cany them on and to pa^s them down when you are uppeiclas'^men Oui countiy needs people of your nature in the institutions of learning to acquiie the mental ability to cany on the wai against oui enemies Youi being heie to cairy on IS a constant souice of encouragement to all of the men and women who woiked heie and have now been called away to the seivice of OUI countiy—foi they know that the youth of the nation is still woiking and living the kind of life they aie fighting foi You aie cxtiemely foitunate to be here Heie, among lilends, you may study the subjects of youi choice and learn how to earn a living, but moie thamthat you will leain how to live Of com se if you expect to stay for any length of time, you must study and study haid, howevei ,you must also take out time foi lelaxation, time to make new fieinds, time to exchange ideas time to leain how to expiess youi sell and, above all, time to leain how to get along with the people aiouiid you On the campus ol this University it is possible to leain these things that will mean so much to jou in latcj life—moic than Calculus, moie than luial economic^- moic than bio chemistiy—be suie that you take the time needed to learn them You tan be happy heie Eieryone else who has been heie any length ol time has been happv Theie aie manj othei things to Qo besides studying 0\ei one bundled extiaeuiiieulai aetnities will be open to you and will want you to come out and woik at what evei tj pe ol hobby y o\} like best It would be a good idea to tiy at least one ol these acti\ ities You will meet many new lilends, and find man> houi s of enjoyment while woiking with a gioup of lellow students Remenibei, too, that join eountiy wants JOU h(ie, studying laiming dietetics, engineeiing anything that will help production and speed the letuin ol peace Stay as long as JOU possibly can and do the best that you can Altei all that is all that is expected of you, and il you do that you will come out on top Everyone on this campus is youi friend, despite any appealanees to the eontiaiy All of us will be glad to help 3 ou whenevei you need it, whether it be to (Hrect you to University
^ VWSliiilOll » Tm Kt9 U S Pel Off Merry-go-round •y DREW PEAdSON Second Rome Bombing Angers Pope; U, S. Air Force Offitials Irked By Russian Altit^ude WASHINGTON—rope Pius XII was completely coopeiative with the Allies the fiist time Home was bombed but not the second tfme Inside i%^lUt he called m Haiold Tittmann, Ameiican chahge d’af fanes to the Vatican and piotested m the stiongest language He gave Tittmann a sQoiching scolding Reason foi the Pope’s iie was that on Aug 11, Tittmann had ihfoinied him that Rome could be lec ognized as an open city by the unilateral declaiation of Italy As a lesult the Pope undeistood that Rome was an open city and appaiently so infoimed Maishal Bado golio The Pope was acting as inteimediaiy foi the Italian Government Both he and Badoglio theiefoie, appaientlv lested on Tittmann’s assuiances and con sideied Rome an open city That was why the Pope was so indignant when, despite his eailiei conveisation with Tittmann, Rome was bombed again Whethei the State Depaitment failed to communi cate Tittmann’s message to Gen Eisenhowei in ordei to head off the second bombing was something on which State Depaitment officials declined to comment Howevei one explanation piobably was that a city cannot be declaied “open” by a unilateial declaia tion Neutial obseiveis must entei the city and def initly asceitain that tioops, munitions woiks an fields and government offices have been lemoved This had not been done following Tittmann’s fiist conveisation with the Pope, and that was why Gen Eisenhowei bombed Rome again French Foresight Heibeit S Goold, foimei U S Consul Geneial at Casablanca is back in Washington with an amazing stoiy of what Fiench militaiy officeis told him as eaily as July 1940 about the final outcome of the wai This was just aftei the fall of Fiance when the British weie expected to fold up giving Geimany domination of Euiope A gioup of staff officeis in command of the Fiench division in the Casablanca aiea came to Goold and said The Biitish will stick it out They will not fall as eeviyone seems to expect Fiench foices in Noith Afiica will help the Biitish tuin the tide against the Nazis Tilltheimoie ” they added “the best place to make a landing^toi such an opeiation is light heie in Casa blanca When that time comes the Biitish aie not the only ones who will land heie’ ’ This was moie than two yeais befoie the Biitish and Ameiican landing at Casablanca Second Front By Air Officials of the An Foices aie a bit liked at the Russjans foi then continual sounding off about a sec one! fiont and tailing to lecognize the significance of Allied bombing fiom England These officials dedale that when the histoiy of this wn IS wiitten it will be lecoided that the gieatest achievement of an powei at any time 01 place was the stiategic bombing of Geiman industrial plants in the Ruin Valley—a job in itself was lesponsible foi ciipplmg the Gcimans in then intended offensive against Russia When plans weie laid foi the 1043 an offensive of ficials had thiee tjpes of objectives to choose fiom— industiies in the Ruin Valley submaiine pens and yaids and anciaft plants and fields Ihe choice was made in that oidei and the taigcts weie smashed in that oidei laigely because ol the piessing need foi bunging lelief to the Russians The second and thud of these taigets—anplane plants and sub pens—would do the Russians no good But the fiist taiget might mean—and did mean—the diffeience between success and failuie on the Russian fiont in 1943 Thus the Ruhi Valley taigets weie giv en top piioiity Came June and the expected Geiman diive Sud denly the Geimans paused Then they stiuck but feebly Then they fell back All Poice stiategists believe the Geimans falteied and fled foi one leason only They had enough equip ment in then supply depots foi the opening of a campaign but lequiied moie supplies as the cam paign advvnced These supplies could not be deliveied because they did not exist 01 because they could not be tianspoited Allied bombeis ovei the Ruhi had peifoimed then mission Japs Give Philippines Freedom Its not geneially lealized but Japan has hastened the day when the U S will giant independence to the Philippines PiesLiming that we defeat the Japanese befoic 1946 it is now inevitable that independence must be gianted to the Philippines befoie 1946 the date oiiginally set by U S legislation This is because the Japs have aheady gianted ‘ in dependence to the Philippines and no flag othei than the Philippine flag flies theie except peihaps ovei a few gaiiisons of Jap tioops Thus if Japan is defeat ed in 1944 01 1945 it will be impossible foi the U S to go back and ask the Philippines to letuin to then //status piioi to Peail Haiboi since this would be less than was gianted by the invading enemy The Japs have been extiemely clevei in using Phil ippine independence as piopaganda among Malays fluimese and Indians Foi instance Philippine Com missionei Elizalde in Washington lecently heaid that hib own bi othei made a statement piaising Japan’s handling of the Philippines But he knows that this was cithei bioadcast by ladio without his bi othei’s consent 01 knowledge 01 that consent was obtained undei dm ess It IS easy foi the Japs to apply such duiess because piacticaliy all the Elizalde family is theie including the mothei two bi othei s one sistei and many chil dien and othei lelatives Furtheimoie the Japs have sent to Japan many; sons of piominent Phdippine families foi education” in the new Japanese woild oidei Ihis is legaided as a device foi obtaiiiing hostages foi the day when we lesume attack on the Philippines (Cojiyiight 1943 by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc) Hdll translate a bit of German, 01 find you a date lor Satuiday night And as a paiting word—“Don’t worry” Things will usually come loi the best before the day is over —e m
“Don’t send out any more booklets on our population and industries, Miss TiuITle, all people care about now is how fast our soil will grow vegetables ”
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
All IS not well within the Nazi fortress of Europe This is boin out by a lecent leport smuggled out of Czechoslovakia, which leported that Geimans living in the Slovak part of the foimer republic have stopped wearing their Swastika insignia The leason seems to be that the Slovaks are refusing to sell then goods to the self-styled Nazi conquerers The German officials have been reported to be ^ cmbing of the piess This seems completely incapable of cop- to be the case with Fiank E Gan ing with the situation even nett eastern newspapei chain pub though theie has been no attempt ^'shei who has lead the fight along of hide the fact that goods that do the Chicago Tiibune against not exist foi the Nazis do exist foi the new sensational book “Undei
Anything the nfeWspdper columfiIsts and radio anaylSis shy about the reason foi the Russian recall of Maxm Litvanof seems to end with the startling conclusion that they truly can not givfe any answer tb the question And Whatever the true answer, it is not likely to make its appearance until after the war, if even then Russian could have at least a doz^n reasons for the leoall of their Amehcan loVing ambassadoi, and dll of them could still be friendly tdWaid the United States and England She might haVe also many igason for showing that she IS not going along with futuie allied plans and that thfe pdace aftei the wai IS going to be one of her own It IS also veiy possible that the U S had asked that the Russian ambassador be recalled. These can only be classified as guesses^ however, and anyone’s guqss is ds good as the next man’s It might be to yOur ad vantage, howevei to become a col umnist if you think yob havfe a bettei solution to the problem than the columnist ,
—XX—
Argentina has been doing a veiy good job of staying out of the news in the last month, but this does not mean that everything is peace and quiet in the South American “le public” The truth is far fiom peace The piesent military government has been leaning closer and closei to the Axis nations, while proclaim mg with every act of surpression that Aigentma is in full coordina tioh with he United Nations’ ideals, which incidentially is trying to give the woild the foui basic freedoms It might be true that biids of a feather flock togethei, but we cer tainly have so stiange birds sleep ing in OUI camp A good house cleaning in the United Nations’ camp might help to prove to the doubtful that this war is a good stait toward a woild without wai Buy War Bonds And Stamps
■s*
ClassiiiM
Ads
typewriters AddiiiB rtiafcltiiiei Ail Alt« sold rented repaired ajnlpOrchascd t^i'aph work done C J Eoer&noff 60$ Lafayette Photie 2779 MoneY to Loah On diamon^Si CimB Inifgagc typewniterS Alliert i liOail Office 407 Columbia ^ Wanted—Stuaents to deliver thvETttonfm three days n week Apply at thd Circulatibn Department in the Exponent office Wanted—Three men students to Jo geijoral janitor work One hoiir (jiiiiy arid tnffee hours on Saturday in exchange /o'* private apaHment witH private bath k tchenette electric refiigerator individual , WP inner springs and all utilities ftirnwlica Write statipg personal qualificatiopa age* draft 'Stat is year in school religion etc Box 100 Exponerith Ftittale Help Wanted—GiHS *lth twd or more years of college credit Apply at Wa terman School Cincinnati Ohio Have your rugs carpets, tUtlniture cleaned by the Trojan Huk 0 Vatat Cdmpany Wall th Wall cdrilcting 0TleiltBl«, and twist weaves a specialty Dial 3298 Wanted—Girl of pleasing person^iilly Slid well proportioned figure ns model for Artlfit Club Spare time Good pay Reply Artlat Club c/o Exponent Wanted—Students for part timo work pin setteis Sec Mr Fied Howard in Uniori Bowling Alley for this godd paying work during your free hours
Buy War Bo And Siathps
putiiotic Siovaks —X X—
El cedom of the Press is a won del fill thing lint when fieedom of
the piCss begins to ^et dangeiousiy ciosei to getting into close to home the foimei exponent tiuth than he realizes
Covei The only logical explana tion of the conduct of two of the na tions Icadcis ag iinst government infiingment of the piegs js that the authoi of Undei Covei ’ is even
some 1 eal
ROBERT PAIGE ANNE GWYNNE Noah BEERY, Jr. Diana BARRYMORE LEO CARRILLO ANDY DEVINE I£X RITIER THOMAS GOMEZ WIlllAM FARNUM ION CHANEY
NOW PINIINC
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
SUNDAY ^ MONDAY 1!is Most Amazing Advsnturol
— ALSb — MARCH OF TIME ‘SHOW BUSINESS AT WAR'
- LAST TIMES TODAY - ' WILD HORSE STAMPEDE” "ARMY SURGEON" G-MEN vs BLACK DRAGON "PATHE NEWS"
^imii Starting Tomorrow
I COME TO YOU"
Tnhia—Tfimpiress of the Tropics I
..ASKING NOTHING OF lOVE-BDT LOVE DEANNA
DURBIN
with CHARLES WINNINGER EVELYN ANKERS GUS SCHILLING NELLA WALKER LUDWIG STOSSEL
Starting TOMORROW tMemem
last times today
Let COSTLIER LEATHERS Mnd FII^ER SHOEMAKiNG tell their own story In MASTER^FITTER SHOES
One of the finest shoes ofoof , for civilians or men In the service It tpkes masterful shoemaklno and costly leathers to give a ‘ Plain Toe” such character Select Norwegian Calfskin plump arid pliant Protective deubl* wdli ) Be lure df fit get MASTER FITTERS
X-RAY FITTINGS
A. B. C Shoe Co., Inc.Saturda^^ Augmt 2Sf 194S
Purdub Exponent
Pag0 $
TT '
. 4
^ *«. (
GRIN AND BEAR IT
vealed By W. AA. Hepburn
t fly Margaret Baynes on stationeiy, pendants, paddles, and T-shirts, the Q^l^diat S^bl of the University, which r^dlly official at all, staited tSrlth^^t ^fesign by Bruce Rogeis fiist Med^o^ ,the covei of the 1892-^3 UhivhfBiijy Annual Registei, accftrdinj; th librarian W M Hepbuin iHd’ijWdi’ds have been found of the jfeVe# being officially adopted by thk TJyualfeps 5 THia ancestoi of the piesen^t day iSefe\ a circulai ribbon cariymg tl\e words “Agriculture, EngineeiIhg, Swdpce, Alt” Within the iib bonk wiafe'a black Greek cioss sup^oriin^ lime symbols lepiesenting tjlti attiS and sciences, the monogi^tn flu in the centei, with flueidu4eiS scattered in the coineis Surrottnfling all was a design of fefi^lotisliy waving lays woiked out so the full design was square in sbab.e. the initial seal continued for two ycttts tvhfen an improved design, also draiWn by Biuce Rogeis, first appeared ih the Octobei 1, 1894, issue of the Exponent. The iibbon contailiing the woids descriptive of the Scope of tmiveisity instiuction now enclriaed a shield divided into foui qUaiteiS by a narrow Gieek cross in white, with symbols reduced to eight In the four coineis, a caducfetis in the vertical limb of the Olossi and the name of the Univeisity aeriiss the horizontal limb Beginning Of An Idea >■ (Librarian Hepbuin explained thgt neithei of these designs was regarded as the University seal, but the getnri of the idea was theie and in 189B a seal that continued in use for about fifteen yeais without modification was used on the An
nual Registei or Catalogue for 1894-95 The outside circle of this seal contained in pld-En^lish lettering the words “Purdue University” In the inner circlfe a very militant griffin with two tails supported with his left claw a shildj quartered, containing nine arts and sciences symbols; in his 1 ight claw he held an unrolled scroll On a winding ribbon in the bottom were the words “Science, Technology, Agriculture” This de sign was used on official University publications and in effect became the University Seal, although never officially adopted The design was complicated, for the best printed form, it had to be caiefully diawn, and this, as time went on, was not always done Also when it was used on fraternity pil lows or on stationery, or cast in bionze for wall plaques, it was difficult to get in all the detail, there-
fore, many defective designs appeared A Formal Request Late in 1909 President Stone requested the Hew Dean of Ungineermg, Charles H Benjapim, who Vas an artist as well ag^ an engineer, to simply the 1895 desigh He did so, and in the 1909 10 Catalogue, a new simplified foriH of the seal appeared —and is still appearing today The new artd final fOrhi did not entirely leplafee the old; both were used for some yeais until the old dies in the hands of printers wetfe worn out oi lost, and replacements made in the new form In the new design the griffin, a popular form for heraldry, is simplified, the shield is smaller, the symbols reduced to three, and instead of a scroll, the right claw of the griffin holds a lighted Roman lamp, signifying learning The original dratving f Oi this seal
Student Book Ixch^iige Starts Tue^lf Thru September 10 In Room 257, UltiUlt
OiiaSjCiiicaijTiWM Me.
“It’s ptadtie^liy impossible to keep an employe long enough tO learn aPythmg about the business ... to say nothing of my eccentricities.”
was made by Mrs Marion Woodbury, daughter of Dean Benjamin Another Seal Design Another forrti of the seal Came into use m ^e 1920’s when those associated with the Uniorl used on its publications a design that can hardly be called a seal, but which includes most of the seal elements' the shield i^lth the three symbols, topped by the gilffin, and the ribbon below With the three words The design is usually not held together by any maigmal lines but appears as three separate elements “The change in the Variohs symbols is Intel estmg”, continued the tiibraiian, “In the earliest form, those designed by Bruce Rogers, there appear the plow and sheaf of wheat for Agriculture, an electric bulb, compasses and wheel and axle for Engineering, a retort and globe for Science, ahd a palette and crayon holder for Industrial Art In the 1895 form there were nine symbols, the globe being dropped and a microscope added In the 1910 version the symbols were reduced to three, a retort, wheel and a sheaf of wheat In the Union version the wheel is differently diawn ” Bruce Rogers, who is connected
With the earliest designs, is one of the University’s most distinguished alumni, now recognized as the world’s premier designer of books and printing, according' to Hdpburn. Affe? gfaduatmg in 1891 Rogers remained in Lafayette for sevetal yedis pnd during that time executed humetous commissions for draWihgS and designs for official University publications and for the Exponent and Debris.
Wisconsin trainees are getting up a band against a program of local dances and recently offered radio time on a local station Ironic, the Indiana Student, campus paper, calls the fact that the ASTP commander, Majdf Fenwick T Reed, lost the opportunity to complete his own College education because the last war interrupted it A junior at DePauw, he volunteered in 1917, and saw service overseas as a field artillery man When he was discharged in 1919 in the grade of Sergeant, he turned to business in Indianapolis Ball State is one of the latest Indiana colleges to get an ASTP unit organized
Book exchange, the non-profit organization operated by Student Union, will start Thesday, August 31, at 10 a m in room 257 of the Union Building The exchange Will receive books unti? 5 pm. Wednesday, from Wedn'sday to noon of Saturday, September 4, books will be sold During the folhwing week the exchange will sell books and pay out from 1 to 5 every afternoon All books and money should be claimed by 5 p m Friday, September 10 Students may ■expect to receive about 75 per cent of the amount theif paid for their books, and passports mUst be shown at the time of tiansaetioH RrMpry Of Exchange The first Book Exchange was operated in February, 1988, and bought and sold books for the thirteenth time last spring Books were recfeived at the counter where workers suggested prices A filing form was filled out, and the stubs disposed Of in the control file, until the book was sold If the book was not sold, but returned to m’s owner, the stub was marked RETURNED and placed in another file Those stubs marked SOLE, for which the owner has
been paid were marked PAID placed in a separate file / Value Raised ^ Since the beginning of tfic Birok Exchange the estimated valt^ of books was raised from 60 peiiejttt to 75 percent A record of transactions IS kept in book form as WfR Asr m the files, and all books which are not claimed are turn over to authorities who distribute theta where they are needed 'I* After the last Exchapfegi, the books which were not returned were sent to men in the armed services in cooperation with a drive for technical books which wa^ being held at the Unievrsity duriiig that time Sales Increased Sales increased after the establishment of the exchange, and reached a high point dunng the fourth exchange Last semester showed a 71 5 percent increase over the first attempt Students are urged to bring in their technical engineering books» since these are in demand Custemers are too frequently tumqd away from the counters disappointed because there are too many texts- of the social sciences, and so few of a more technical nature
AttiviHes Play Part 1H At University
Look and feel your BEST!
AS [V[R . . . In every fashion that we feature— > J. Quality is the keynote. Oiir watchword . . . your buywqrd. Make tMis store yoiir skojpping center while at college—you will find thost anything here! (foJSDA For Over 70 Yean on the Square
Many would-be students upon airiving at the University for the first time and splending a few days on the campus may ask such questions as—“How can I get to be a ‘big shot’ here like I was back at Podunk Center’” or just “What can I do after classes to both occupy my time knd teach me something more 6r less painlessly’” Obviously there die many answeis to both questions but d good solution (and one recommended by youi dean) would be to investigate the opportunities offered by the various campus activities Student extra curricular activi ties, excluding the University pro gram of diversified athletics, may be divided into two geneial classifications consisting of service oiganizations and publications Because of the cuitailment newsprint and the scarcity of available manpower, the Exponent has had to gradually cut down its publication late from six times each week to the present three The Independent, a papei featuring news of inteiest to unorganized students is now combined with the Exponent foi the duiation The Debris is the campus year book which chionicles the events and activities of interest to undeigraduates and faculty alike Although the next issue may not be quite as laige as its piedescessors it still remains as a major campus activity The Engineer and Phar^ macist aie two othei student managed publications which offei specialized news and information to the public interested in these respective fields The Student Union may be
classed as a type of service organization because of its assistance in the administrative management of the Union This activity does everything fiom arianging mixers and. special dances to sponsoring such groups as the Cameia and Model Airplane Clubs Two oiganizations which surely can be classed as service activities aie the Student Senate and AWS 01 Associated Women Students^ The Senate is intended to represent the interests of all students and is composed of lepiesentatives elected from the different classes and schools of the University The AVt& creates and enforces its own regulations concerning all women s,tu* dents on the campus It alstf hus other duties which range frtmn etmfeiences of interest to coeds to sponsoiing the annual Gold Diggeis’ Ball WAA (Womens’ Athletic Association) promotes coed recleation thiough athletics A few of the many other campus activities include the widely-known Univeisity music piogram for students with urges in that direCtiony the Activities Bureau which helps all activities in peisonnel problems, the Fraternity Affairs Office vfhiph deals fraternity problems, and the Purdue Independent Association which offei s opportunities for unorganized students to meet problems which concern that group as a whole and to offer a piogram of reeleation Amateur actors may dazzle local audiences with their Thespian talents by trying out successfully foi Playshop, the undergraduates’ drama factoiy
Beautiful Sights . ..
Reporter Views Exponent Office; Exposis Cultural Atmosphere To New StudM
tiow diid be ready lor tiib^e briy^i dutuikh days. '^juliwnX. Ihc.
By Margaret Baynes “Wiite something pretty about the Exponent foi the new fieshmen” sweetly baiked oui Maimeunifoimed city editoi as though a fieshman could be anything blit new “Tell them of the lovely times we have down heie ” “Down here” refeiimg to the Union sub-base-ment from whence emerges the Exponent, chapel oned by insane editoi s and cupie doll like seivicemen So we dropped the only woikable typewi itei into the wastebasket toi safekeeping, said “Dill pickles” to the Issue editoi, swiped the night editoi’s pencil, apd sat down on Gargantua, the panting press, to survey the scene The whole place was a vision ot light ahd lovmess Neat, oideily piles of copy filled the baskets to ovei-flowing while the phone booths hummed with incoming liews Numeious lepoiteis sat obediently pounding o’'t coloifill stones, issue editois, thiee ot them, laii bkek and foith car lying copy to tpe overtowti pimteis and bunging cokes to thirsty workers The whole atmosphere was bilious, the editors being smokards, peering through the clouds of smoke were the three sets of very newspapensh flourscent lights undei which placidly sat the large, half-moon desk At one side was the row of unworkable typewriters, the rest of the room was plunged itt darkness.
Tall, daik and unifoimed servicemen quickly dispatched the business of wilting heads, reading proof, and wilting church notices, news editors, managing editoi s and day editois, all filled with dignity ajid lemon cokes, quietly and quickly made up the papei Two editors and a civilian were sitting at typewriter row throwing typewriters at each other, three workers were reciting the Gettysburg Address and playfully tossing treshmen into the printing press. The telephones were screamRigv editors calling tor issue editocs!aud Vermin, managers yelling - and running round and round- the half-moon desk to give the impression ot working We weie delighted with the air of activity, so ran down amongst the woikeis to join m the tun The day editor fixed us with a glassy eye, turned a handspring, and said, “Wiite this story then take copy ovei town and jump in the nver on youi way back ” ^ We gave a ghastly smile and said "Thank you” On our wayio-ut we bowed to the editoi in chief, themanaging, news and busmass hdttois, and knocked oui head thtoe times in honoi of the six day, city and night editoi s. Buy War Bonds4\|' U;4
'\ 'l , ■■' V |‘ ;4''’"'tV ' ' '" '^'-'^5.
PurdwS^^Expofi^t BaturSay, August 28, 194$'
SoJuilmihihjL
We pledge you . . . our constant efforts for a complete, unexcelled service.
We will glady cash your checks upon proper presentation < of identification.
Save Money on Your
TEXTBOOKS
NEW
USED
TEXTS AND MATERIALS FOR EVERY COURSE IN ALL DEPARTMENTS
FREE—for the Asking
Bring in Your Old Books
FOR YOUR ROOM
★ SCHEDULE CARDS
and Engineering Supplies—
We have all the Comforts and Conveniences of Home ★ STUDY LAMPS
★ DESK BLOTTERS
They're Worth
★ BLOTTER PADS
★ BOOK COVERS
★ BOOK ENDS
★ CAMPUS MAPS
Plenty of Cash
★ PENNANTS, PICTURES
\4>
i|/. i!5I SaturSdy^ August 2A 194S
0oitermaK^r, Sports
■'i \ ' THREE WEEKS TILL
Wk W^ Wil'
FALL PRACTICE
GREAT LAKES
WILL START
GAME!
MONDAY
Survey Shows Boilermaker *43 Gridiron Prospects
Squad To Resume Practice Monday
Next Monday, candidates for the 1943 Boilermaker gridiron squad will, assemble to start fall practice, giving thenfi three weeks in which to work out before the opening game against
Great Lakes at Great Lakes, September 18.
By virtue of the recent conference ruling which permitted all Big Ten schools to conduct a four week practice session
during the summer months, ^
Meet* Elmer...
although sci*immage and contact work was limited to a maximum of six days. Head Football Coach Elmer Burnham and his, staff of assistants were provided an opportunity to take a preliminary invfentory of the material available for this fall’s
Boilermaker football squad. Record Breaking Turnout
A record brCiaking turnout for the summer practice session was experienced that reached a high of 161 candidates and averaged a daily turnout of 130. However, Burnham is now faced with the none too enviable task of dividing the grid enthusiasts into two groups, composed of the varsity or “A” group and the “B” group. Between 60 and 60 men will be tentatively assigned to the varsity and the remainder will be assigned to the “B” team. — This is the Boilermakers’ gridThere will be no hard and fast iron coach, Elmer Burnham, line between the makeup of the “A”
and “B” squads and candidates will serves of last fall. Other guard posbe shifted back and forth depending sibilities include Danahl Lebmkuhl, upon their development. An effort and Jack Butt, reserves at Iowa and is being made to arrange a regular Illinois, respectively, last season; schedule of games for the “B” team. Bruce Porter, Illinois numeral winHelp From Armed Forces ner; Eugene Winters, of Celina, Because of the ruling that Navy Ohio, freshman numeral winner at and Marine trainees can participate Ohio University, and Holland Butin -varsity athletics, a,t^ the school jer, of Joliet, 111., who captainesd his^ which they are attending, prospects high school eleven in 1941. ' for the coming season for the Riv- j^ckles eter squad are considerably brightened with the turnout of many of power is concenthese Students. However, the coaches have had little opportunity to esti- Although mate the possibilities of the group ^ggignj^ents are still far
candidates
One of the outs anding features in the running for “A” of the summer drill was the spirit ^ assignment, four letter man and enthusiasm that was shown by . , , - tit •„ t ,, , .r. .. , stalwarts from Illinois, Iowa, and
the candidates. Despite very hot
Missouri, are among the leading competitors — John Genis, Illinois captain-elect; Mike “Battleship” Kasap, 240-pounder from Illinois,
. ... John Staak, Iowa, and Tom Hughes, tending football practice in addition pj^.^.^iek specialist from Missouri.
weather, which was particularly noticeable in full football regalia, and also the fact that those candidates from the armed services were at-
to performing their military duties, the grid prospect played with all that they had and made a very good
showing.
All are Marine V-12ers. The collegiate veterans, however, are being given plenty of competi-
f
A tentative survey of the Rivet- tion by Bob Plevo, 17-year-old fresher’s grid .possibilities for this fall, Chicago, a former captain by positions, follows: B°wen high school; LeRoy JanCenters Clinton, Ohi», assigned to Lou DeFillippo, former Fordham Naval Training School for elecsturdy, assigned to the Naval unit, ti'icians, Dan Eicher, freshman puis expected to materially bolster the winner at Iowa; Robert Reif, center post. DeFillippo is expected a member of the undefeated Oregon to be provided his main support by ®*ate freshman eleven of last fall. Bill Newell, lightweight 150 pound and Charles Linder, who won his scrapper from Stafford, Kas., minor numerals at Cincinnati. Other tackle letter winner here for the past two aspirants without previous collegiseasons; Joseph Morrow, reserve al^® experience include Stan ey centel at Missouri last season, and Schultz, an all-state selection while Walter Poremba, captain of the Lin- Playing for Soldan high school, St. coin (Cleveland, Ohio) high school Louis, Mo.; Paul Uber, Olean, N. Y., eleven of two years ago, all V-12 and Louis Heller, who hails from students. Other possibilities include Manuals high school, Louisville, Ky.
Japies Lockwood, of Hinsdale,' 111., Ends
an all-state high school selection of Sifting out capable wing candilast fall. • dates from a willing, but comparaGuards tively inexperienced group provides With the single exception of Alex one of the most puzzling problems Agase, Marine V-12er who won na- for the Boilermaker coaching staff, tional recognition for his play at On the basis of summer returns,, Illinois last season, the guards are among the leading contehders will somewhat of an unknown quantity be two Marine transplants from the as far as Big Ten competitive cali- Illinois freshman eleven of last fall, bre is concerned, and no less than Joe Buscemi and Frank Bauman, 16 candidates are given a chance to along with Joe Codings, West Lawin places on the traveling squad.' fayette high school product; Nate In addition to Agase, the Marines Laskin, numeral winner on the Boilhave contributed five other men who ermaker freshman team of last fall, won major letters last season, in- and Herbert Hoffman, of Mishacluding Bob Rickbeil'and Morris waka, who was the lone freshman Kaastad, at North Dakota; Joseph in the line of the undefeated ShurtHersch, Franklin.and Marshall; Olin'loif College eleven of last season. Lougheed, Ball State, and Jack Pef- Other V-12 wingmen who must fer, St. Joseph’s. be considei-ed include Fred Halpin, James Laughter, Boilermaker Francis Foughty, and William freshman from Dayton, Ohio, and O’Keefe, lettermen from North DaJim MscMillen, of South Bend, Boil- kota; Melvin Brown, letterman from ermaker freshman numeral winner Tennessee Tech; John Moore, reof last fall, now Navy V-12 trainees, serve from Missouri; Ferdy Aramoare both in the thick of the wide vich and Melvin Clatt, reserves from open fight lor the guard a'ssign- Illinois; Nicholas Steshko, minor ments, along with Gilbert Mordoh, letter winner here, and Harry DamIndianapolis, and Wallace Hendry, eron, who held down the right wing of Chicago, 111., Boilermaker re- for the Missouri School of Mines
Football Schedule Here is a copy of the Boilermakers’ 1943 gridiron schedule: Sept. 18—(Great Lakes—There Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct. 2—Illinois—Here Oct. 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—Here Oct. 30—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date NoV, 20—Indiana—^There ^ during a part of the 1942 campaign. The remainder of the end roster is composed of candidates witl^out any previous collegiate experience, including Robert Kalmbach, Toledo, Ohio; William Funke^ Cincinnati, Ohio, and Albert Jeffers and Charles Haag, Evansville. Quarterbacks Filling the quarterback berth provides an equally perpjexing problem. Sam Vacant!, major letter winner at Iowa, and Jimmy Darr, Bob Steuben’s understudy at Missouri, both erstwhile halfbacks, have been shifted to the pilot post, along with Blaine Hibler, another Missouri product who is a left-handed passer. Ed Gerker, letterman from Missouri, is the lone quarterback with collegiate experience at the post. Other signal calling possibilities include four recent high school graduation Chalmes Elliott, of Bloomington, 111., and Raymond Schultz, of Lane Tech, Chicago, both V-12 students, and a pair of 17-year-old engineering aspirants, Dick Bushnell, of West Lafayette, and William Krieghbaum, of Rochester.
Halfbacks
The Riveter’s lone holdover major letterman from last fall, Ed Cycenas, a Navy V-12 trainee, appears in a halfback contingent that has yet to prove itself in competition. During the restricted summer scrimmage sessions, the coaches had little opportunity to get a real line on the running and passing possibilities of the halfback .candidates, but Stanley Dubicki, a South Bend product who was named the “most valuable back” on the undefeated Shurtleff College eleven last fall, along with Keith Parker, Missouri letterman; Arthur Flint, Iowa reserce; James Comer, high scorer for Jalo Junior College, and Joe Johnson, Coffeyville Junior College, attracted considerable attention. Lewis Rose, sophomore engineering speedster from Hobart, headlines a group of candidates with no previous collegiate experience that includes John Ade, Kentland; Glenn Tobias, Huntington; Robert Procter, Brazil, and Leonard’Milauskas, Amsaerdam, N. Y. Another possibility is Robert Bossett, of Spring Lake, who won his freshman numerals at Clemson and was a reserve at Indiana during the ’42 campaign.
Fullbacks
The Marines are largely responsible for fortifying the fullback spot. Experience at the post is concentrated in a foursome of collegiate V-12 lettermen composed of Tony Butkovich ,of Illinois; Bernard Tetek, of Tulane, and Leo Milla and Michael Popovich, of Missouri. The remainder of the fullback candidates lack previous experience, including Raymond Stone, who hails from' Shortridge, Indianapolis; George Mihal, of Emerson, Gary, a brother of Joe Mihal, former Purdue captain; William Kreisle, of Tell City, and Charles. Fox, of Peoria, 111. Service Men May Vote If Registered Properly GIs in whose states elections are being held this year and who are eligible to vote may register through their batteries. Battery orderly rooms have available supplies of postage free cards containing information necessary for this purpose. These will be issued to trainees on request. Trainees who are residents of New York State and desire to vote in that state’s election may secure the necessary registration forms from Lt. Fisher in the battalion HQ Cary Hall South basement. New York State forms must be wtiness^d by Lt. Fisher. All other states’ forms must be witnessed by the trainees’ battery commanders.
Grandstand Echoes
By Ray Smith
GREETINGS, FRESHMEN
The first thing that we would like to do for this semester is to congratulate the freshmen on their choice of a university and to welcome them as Boilermaker sport fans. We know that they will all be happy here and that there will be many occasions this fall when they will be proud to claim the school as theirs. We know that the fooltball team under Elmer Burnham’s guidance will give everyone a reason to sing the songs and give the cheers that are printed in the Freshman Handbook.
Freshmen, Meet All Independent Sfudenfs The Riveter Coaches Receive Opporfuniiy And PE Instructors Enter Own Sports
ELWARD COACHES LAKEHURST Lieut. Commander Mai Elward, former .Boilermaker head football coach and athletic director, is starting his second season as coach of the Lakehurst Naval Air Station eleven. Officers, naval aviation cadets, sailors and marines stationed at the New Jersey base reported last week for the opening workouts. Elward will have a big job to round out a winning combination, for his squad is practically without college experience. Last year in his first season Elward compiled a record of four wins, a tie and three defeats. All games are played away from the station because there is no regulation football field available. v
One of the most prominent groups of men about any college or university, as far as the incoming freshmen are concerned, are the coacjies whom they have heard so much about and of who’s teams they have read so much. Another group I^ Red Mackey . . .
MACKIEWICZ PLAYS WITH BALTIMORE Felix Mackiewicz, the former Riveter baseball star who was signed by Connie Mack for the Philadelphia Athletics, is playing in the International League this season with the Baltimore Orioles. In 79 games for the Orioles, Mackiewicz has 64 hits to his credR for a batting average of .240. He has driven in 36 runs and has cloutedxhree homers. Most of the season Mackiewicz has been patroling center field for Baltimore, but on several occasions he was brought in to cover the initial sack. I HERE AND THERE The three New York baseball teams, the Yankees, the Giants and the Brooklyn Dodgers, did their bit to help the war effort this week with a War Bond game that netted the U. S. Treasury almost $800,000,0(^0. . . . It looks as though the major league All-star baseball teams may cross the waters to entertain the service men at the close of the season. ... A woman physical education teacher will coach an eastern Pennsylvania high school football team this season.
IM Schedules Navy & Marine Softball Tuesday, Aug. 31 Diamond— 1— A1 vs A7 2— A2 vs. A8 3— A3 vs. Bl ' 4— A4 vs. B2 5— A6 vs. B3 6— A6 vs. B4 7— B5 vs. M-11 8— B6 vs. M-10 9— B7 vs. M-9 10— B8 vs. M-8 11— Cl vs. M-7 12— C2 vs. Cl 13_C3 vs. D6 14—04 vs. D5 16—C5 vs. D4 16— 06 vs. D3 17— C8 vs. E2 18— D1 vs. E4 19— D2 vs. E3
Navy & Marine Softball Thursday, Sept. 2 Diamond— 1— A1 vs. C6 2— A2. vs. C8 3— A3 vs. C5 4— A4 vs; C4 5— A5 vs. C3 6— A6 vs. C2 7— A7 vs. Cl 8— A8 vs. B7 9— Bl vs. B2 10— B3 vs. B6 11— B4 vs. D1 12— B5 vs. B8 13— D2 vs. M-11 14— D3 vs. M-10 16—D4 vs. M-9 16—D5 vs. M-8 17_D6 vs. El 18— E2 vs. M-7 19— E3 vs. E4
Army Softball Monday, August 30
Diamond—
11— A1 vs. B3 12— A2 vs. A6 13— A3 vs. D1 14— A4 vs. C2 16—A6 vs. C3 16— A7 vs. C6 17— Bl vs. D4 18— B2 vs. C7 19— B4 vs. D3
-B5 vs. B6
-B7 & 8 vs. C5
-Cl vs. D2
2122-
Army Softball Tuesday, August 31 Diamond— 20—D4 vs. C3
Army Softball Wednesday, Sept. 1 Diamond— 11— A1 vs. B7 & 6 12— A2 vs. D3 13— A3 vs. C2 14— A4 vs. Cl
Clevett Plans New Intramural Program For Intrasession Once again M. L. Clevett and his Intramural staff have taken it upon themselves to see that all the men attending the University have a planned sports program. Clevett said that the Intramural Office would conduct a full athletic program during the eight week term that would include softball, tennis, golf, and touch football. Sports For Everyone Such a full card of sports should enable every student both new and old, to enage in athletic contests at least during part of the term if not for the entire eight weeks. Not only does the program provide an opportunity for participation in the actual contests, but it also gives the students a chance to work as Intramural managers. It is the duty of the managers to assist Chief Clevett in conducting the Intramural contests. Among the duties is the arranging of a suitable schedule for each tournament. In addition to this the results of each contest must be recorded and the standings determined. The managers also assist the secretary in notifying the teams oT time, location, and opponent for contest. Softball Tourney Present plans call for the program opened by an eight game softball tournament for the fraternities. If enough teams enter a similar tourney will be conducted for conclusion of the eight games the the independent students. At the eight teams with the best records will play a single-elimination tournament for the championship. The eight-game touch football tourney will be conducted during the last part of the term in the same manner that the softball play will be runoff. Both the football and softball competition are annual events on the Intramural calendar. For those athletes who enjoy the individual competition of golf and tennis, the department will hold the annual fall all-campus tournaments in both of these sports.- In the allcampus tourneys everyone on the campus is eligible including students, faculty, and servicemen. •**: "" I 15— A6 vs. B2 16— A6 vs. C5 17— A7 vs. B3 18— B4 vs. D1 19— B6 vs. C3 20— B6 ys, D2 21— C4 vs. C7 22— C6 vs. 1)4
. . . Director of Athletics at- the Boilermaker institution. . « I ' ■" i.i of men of very much interest to the freshmen, and in some cases they are the same as the first group, is that famous group known as PE instructors (but commonly called other names). In order to help familiarize the new Boilei-makers with some of the coaches and instructors whom they will come in contact within their daily program and in their athletic connections, we are giving*a brief summary of that outstanding bunch of men working in the Riveter fieldhouse. ' Mackey Heads The List Heading the ^roup is the athletic director. Red Mackey. Red was an outstanding athletic during his four years here and following his graduation in 1929 he joined the athletic staff and has been connected with it ever since. Red is one of the topnotch golfers in this part of the country. One of the most widely known Riveter coaches is “Piggy” Lambert, dean of all basketball coaches. Piggy is one of the oldest men on the Riveter coaching staff, from the point of service, and his teams are always really something to watch in action. One of the men that the freshmen will be hearing a lot about is head football coach Elmer Burnham. This season will be the second season that Elmer has directed the actions of the Boilermakers grid squad. Previously Elmer was in charge of freshmen football squads. Included on his staff of football experts is. Cece Isbell, all time AllAmerican passing star and former Riveter grid hero; Samrhy Voinoff, line coach; Claude Reeck, who is actually wrestling coach but who doubles on the football field; Red Mackey; and last, the newest addition to the staff who was just appointed two weeks ago, Joe Dienhart, former St. Joe mentor’. Pop Doan—In Charge of Sitting If any of the freshmen have ever tried to get seats at a Boilermaker athletic contest they have surely heard of “Pop” Doan. Pop has char’ge of all ticket sales but he also doubles as head baseball coach. However, he is assisted in his baseball duties by Bert Sanders, Applied Mechanics instructor. Two widely known and famous ex-runners direct the activities of Boilermaker track squads. Head coach Hermon Phillips handles the cross country squad while his assistant, congenial Homer Allen is handling fall track. They both combine their efforts in directing indoor and summer track. Both men serve as PE instructors in their spare time, and in addition Allen is in charge of the undergraduate PE majors. Clevett—One Of The Busiest One of the bvisiest men on the staff is Chief Cl^ett, head of the
In order that independent students have a chance to participate in the intramural athletic program as well as those students living in the fraternities, the Intramural department a few years ago divided the city into approximately 20 . Wards. Competition among the students not living in the fraternities is con- ■ ducted by the teams representing the various Wards playing a tournament. Living in each Ward is an athletic manager who forms a team from the students living in his section. The athletic manager is aided by ' the cards that are fiilled out at registration time for the Intramural Olfice by all students. On these cards the student gives, in addition to name, address, and telephone number, a list of all the sports in which he would like to participate. As the time for entry blanks to be submi,tted approaches for each sport the athletic manager calls the players in his Ward to see if they are still interested in playing tlje sports and informs the^ of the days on which the games will be played. In the event that there are enougli players in the Ward interested in playing the sport that two teams might be formed, -the two teams would be entered and would be known as for instance Ward 2A and Ward 2B. Team May Come From One House When a la,rge number of men are ■ living in one house it is often possible for a Ward team to be fo^<^>by the players living in that house. All that is necessary is that someone living in the house act as a manager and enter the team at the Intramural Office. Prior to the war the Intramural department awarded medals to all members of the winning team for difficult to. obtain these medals so each sport, but the war has made it the practice is no longer continued. In some instances the medals' have been replaced by ribbons. Anyone desiring to know the number of the Ward in which he is living may find out by inquiring at the Intramural Office or by consulting the map that is posted on the bulletin board located opposite the check-out window in the Fieldhouse. Intramural Department and also the PE Department. The Chief is rounding out his twenty-fifth year here, and during that time he has been swimming coach, gymnastics coach and squad coach, in which capacity he is serving at the present time. The “Chief” wanted us to be sure to point out to the new freshmen that they can obtain just about ahy article of sports equipment that they desire by checking it out at the “Check-out” window in the basement of the Fieldhouse. What’s more, it’s all free—at least it js to students of the University. Doc Eastwood is in charge of graduates in the PE school and at the present time he is devoting much of his time to the Industrial Recreation Association, of which he is the president. Papenguth In Charge Of Acquatics To continue with the group, there, is Dick Papenguth, swiming coach and in charge of all acquatic events at the University; Harry Allspaw, golf coach and in charge of the^ery wonderful University golf course; Jim Beers, boxing coach and PE instructor; Johnny Sines, former AllAmerican Boilermaker basketball star who is teaching PE; and Larry LaBree, tennis coach and PE instructor. Thei'e is also H. E. Wilkening, assistant dean, of rhen, and.as far as we know freshman coach. There - seems to be a little mix-up as to whether he is or he isn’t so we’ll say that he is. He also serves as a PE instructor. Completing the list is friendly Mr. Guild, who spends the, greater part of each day teaching PE to the Army, Navy and students, or anyone that will take the course.^,-1
Army,
1 jT'.i
Marine News
6
For Berries Meft, By Serried Mevt
AST Patter
By T/7 Morris Better CELLULOID CANTEEN
New York’s Stage Door Canteen has been sufficiently publicized in \iV)rd and song to have provoked a good sized pationage fbi* the fihh substitute when it was in town last week. From all indications, such seems to have been the case. Those who’ve never been (o the highly-touted GI nite club, managed to get a highly concentrated glimpse of the hostesses, the celebrities and, in general, of the inner Workings of the place. Th’oh6 \yho haVe, goit a nostalgic delight from the movie. One soldier sdM he even Saw the table at Which he sat with his particdllar Eileen. As a selling point, the movie offered 49 stars and G bands, but to this observer, its greatest asset -went unheralded. To be sure, with such a grab bag of talent, all of the entertainment was destined to suit some moods and tastes while some of it was sure to suit all moods and tastes. In' tB4 latben category, no ofte would hesitate to iilcl'ude Bay Bolger With his dancing and patter; HarpO Marx and his all-too-bi ief series ef aUticS; Gypsy Rose Lee and her litetary strip and the Benny Goodman playing of “Wh^ Don’t You Do Right.” The love story was a slight but engaging one and not hard to endure, but SDC’s best item was its subdued recognition of and tribute to all of the elements engaged irt this war to obliterate fascism. The Him insisted on emphasizing the fact that the Canteen draws no ra^e lines and soldiers of all nations are welcome there. A Negro soldier, winner of the DSC, was singled out for commendation; Chinese cadets we. e saluted with their fighting song, Chee Lai; the crew of a Russian freighter was presented to speak for the Soviet ally. In fact, they were all the e—the Australians, the Brlt^sh, the Canadians, the New Zealanders, the Scots—reflecting the spirit of good fellowship and unity that is bringing about victory over fascism and insuring a more liveable world in the future.
RETORTS PROBER
The men who’ve been demurring on joining the Ur ion really rolled up their sleeves and let down their hair when it came to tilling out the reCent questionnaire on the whys and wherefores of their decision to remain “independent”. Some of the reasons leally lent impetus to the saying that the pen is mightier than the snord. The Order of the Lop-sided Star, however, goes to the GI who wound up his list of reasons with “. . . be-
sides, I’m having a baby.” Well!
This only serves to illustrate that a soldier is seldom napping when it conies to pulling the pioper comeback at the proper moment. For example, a math instructor was explaining the intricacies of dividing by zero and to emphasize that it couldn’t be done, asked of the class, “Have you ever seen a pie so divided that each person gets a zero-th part of it?” “Sure have,’ ’someone replied in more than a stage whisper, “at Cary
Hall.” Another GI, who seemed to be taking the Chicago restriction Last Saturday’s Army-Navy-Ma-rather bitterly and couldn’t accept the polio outbreak as a plausible rine Show atl the Music Hall cerexcuse, was having the dangers of the disease explained to him. When tainly went far m removing any told that it spreads, somehow or other, thru water, he moaned, “That’s duobt about the thespian ability of exactly the point. After all, when you go to Chicago, who drinks water ?” the servicemen on the campus. A Here’s another case. A soldier was jilted by his girl friend just after he large audience composed of soldiers, went into the army. He leceived several shaip letters from her asking for sailors, marines, students and Civilthe return of her picture. In disgust he finally gathered up a dozen female ian visitors really showed their enphotos and sent them all to her with this note: “Pick your’s out . . . I’ve joyment and appreciation, forgotten what you look like!” Variety and versatility were the
— keynote to the whole program. En-
ODDS ’N’ ENDS ^ tertainment stretched from farce to
Saturday, August 28, 1943
Say, I thought sailors knew how to handle boats.
Hour Program
The men clad in khaki whom you see on your campus are here as part of the Army Specialized Training
Program.
The withdrawal of young men from the various college campuses by Selective Service created the possibility of a critical shoi’tage of specialists and well-trained manpower. The Army, realizing what this shortage would mean to the war effort apd to the peace that follows, started its own prgoram of
training.
Many colleges and universities in
One of the neatest stories of the war is of the Sicilian-born corporal the esthetic in the form of the Loin the U. S. Army who was reunited with his family when his unit entered chinvar skit and the glee club, his old home town dm mg the recent campaign on that island. He left Sports were lepresented m the boxhome when he was 15. . . . One thing about giipmg in the army is that it’s mg bouts while Cooperman at the
not without its bright spots. Even the gripes about the chow have been piano showed music as it should be country have been selected as characterized by the usual GI humor. “Food will win the war’’, someone played. centers for the further education of wrote on the blackboard at the Union, “but how are we going to get the Perhaps the most unusual feature soldiers. The men have been Japs to eat here?” Meanwhile, the introduction of the new trays has was the Navy M.C., namely Marine t^ken from the ranks by mdans of already biought about an apparent improvement in tile mess. ... YANK Corps Pvt. Edwards’ dummy. The vaiious tests and interviews and reveals that the QMC is now manufacturing a gold-plated lapel button art of ventriloguism is a difficult have been sent to study in a field featuring a spread-wing eagle inside a circle to be issued to military one and Edwards did a good job in best suited to each individual, personnel honorably discharged from the army. . . . Incidentally, sub- putting his act across. Rather than Here at the University the stuscription price of YANK goes from $1.50 to a deuce on Sept. 1st. You detract from his performance, the dent engineers are predominant in may subscribe or renew before that date at the old rate. . . . The official fact that his style is similar to Ed- number while men in the basic
poop is that men in ASTP will NOT have to serve from 3 to 5 years gar Bergen’s added to the enjoy after the duration if they complete their training. This ought to scotch ment of the audience.
all lafi’ine-o-grams to the contrary, as directed.
Famous last woids; Use locally
The other emcee was Pvt. Sanford Miesel who announced the
courses and in personnel psychology make up the rest of the army
group.
When the training period, which
Army Air Program Lowers Physical Reciuirements; Maybe You Can Make It
army phases of the program. His lasts from three to eighteen months, “hoola dance” still is a topic of dis- is completed these soldiers will be cussion on the campus. Some of his placed in positions where their jokes feel a bit flat, but with some training will be of most value. The more experience in the art of story- system is greatly accelerated, when telling, Miesel should develop into a compared to a normal curriculum, good Master of Ceiemonies. and the soldier must cover the work Music was in abundance. In addi- half the time usually allowiid for
tion to Cooper’s excellent piano- subject.
ASTP’s a fine thing and you thlnic ' ' the world of it—but maybe you’re You’ll have to establish citizenone of those fellows who can’t help ship for ten years prior to the date looking up wistfully every time one of application, date of birth, and of those trainer jobs scoots by over- your character and honesty, the lat-
head, and thinking that, with a ter by letters of recommendation .^^ell; Bob Piper, vocalist break—, Maybe you even tried to from reliable people. You’ll still py^ Berardi accordi'anist for make aviation cadet, and couldn’t have to pass a pretty toughj^physi- army. Berardi was outstanding quite get by that though physical. cal. You’ll have to pass thWfore- ; ahilitv to nound the kevs on If you did, brother, it might be a mentioned wiitten exam and you’ll ^j^g »wind-box”. good idea to try again. ^^^e to be dcayed by an Aviation Unfortunate it was that the There are vastly increased oppor- Cadet Examining Board. round intervals in the boxing bouts tunities for cadets in the new Army And if you make good? slowed down the show. It was one of program, and the physical stand- You 11 be tiansfeiied to Air those things that couldn’t be helped, ards have been appreciably loweied Coips Unassigned, and eventually ^j^g jjjpges dragged on the in several regards. If you’re under you’ll go off to a five month college^ whole peiformance and the “let26 you’re in on that score—and the course and from there into flying down” was difficult to overcome af-
mental test should be a pushover training. There are plenty of oppor- .j-gj, g^ch bout. But the boxers did
for an ASTP. tunities in all thi’ee of the major gjve out and satisfied those iUterThe lequirements have changed fields of flying cadet training-pilots, gsted in the art of ring-work, even considerably lately, and if you’re at navigators and bombardiers. without a ring, all interested, you owe it to your- If you’ve got a grade now, you’ll |The army take-off on Scott’s self to get over to the battalion ad- be paid in it through pre-flight gtoiy of Lochinvar piovided the
jutant’s office for a thorough check training prior to becoming a cadet, farce for the evening’. The idea was
on whethei oi not you fit m now. Once you become a cadet, you get clever and its presentation was
You can get details on exactly how $75 a month, a ration allowance, good. Considering the lack of opporto apply there, too. and all the extras you’ve been get- tunity for rehearsal, the plajlers did
Although the new physical grad- ting as an ordinary E.M. an excellent job of hautering about uation.s are not so far removed fiom ^ , the stage and making cracks about the old ones, theie’s enough differ- jH C P H ^ DoCtOr V-one through eights-inclusive.
* * • • • Literally outsanding were the cos-
tumes of the maids-iti-waiting of our heroine. They certainly put up a
good front.
The program was completed with a iierfoimance by the Army-Navy
The National Institute of Health Band which presented some rousing has sent A Suigeon Joseph Lo- music for the entertaininent of all. Piesti to the current training With such a performance under
Another long time iejector, that couise in Industrial M Vision in an their belts, let’s hope that the prorequiienient of a perfect set of effort to fuither develop a program gram committee will make sure teeth, IS out too. You’ll get by on of eye hygiene in the army and in that more of our local talent is exless than that now. industry. ploited for the entertainment of all. The Schneidei Cnculatory Effi- While stationed at his home of- It was really good, fellows, ciency Test has been discontinued, fice with the National Society for The Happy Hour, formerly a and the blood pieiseu-re require- the Pievention of Blindness in New Navy feature, was under the direcmentb have also been lowered. York, Dr. Lo-Piesti is under the an- tion of Lt. (j.g.) Lee Somers WelDon’t let this give you the idea thoiity of the Coast Guaid but fare and Recreation Officer, Naval that you can get by on ciutches or while he is in the field he is respon- Prog’ram and 1st Lt. Samuel NUitheir equivalent, but if you’ie in sible to the aimy under the United .smith, Recieation Officer of the good .shape, and you like the iiea of States Public Health Service. ASTP Battalion. They were ably asworking away for those silver The U.S.P.H.S. is a federal oi- sisted by Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting wings, its ceitainly jsvorth a try, (See DOCTOR, page 7) and Chief Specialist Bernard Loft.
playing there were, the Navy-V-12 Here on the campus can be seen orchestra which “beat it out” to one phase of the enormous army everyone’s satisfaction; the Glee program which will insure a continClub which in its first appealance ual flow of specially trained men.
Buy War Bonds
Gabriel,Miaa 'Th^'Vdiwiia' is ’ttid' dlsaiiWee caWf ’♦Wf' wrfiM 'Hke W ftreriir (Witmit rcaioii) ITiaVii' b(it)ic>lhlr them, should write to the Fotum, c/o the Uniuti Buiidinr. iVe'il hash it out in this column.^ Realistic fdealistis DhivSrsitieS hhVe eVer been the birthplace’ of humhnitariah IdeaB ism. Of these we college men are duly proud. It is with growing uneasiness, therefore, 'that we behold the current vicious campaign to discredit Universities and their students. Obviously those wlio ' defame knowledge and idealism do sq because they recognize the power of truth, when made known to all, to lunmask those who dress their undemocratic practices in the loudest democratic colors. It is the man, who favors a selected clan to the detriment of the greatest number, who yells the loudest about Aihericanism and denounces mPst thoroughly the idealists who seek to lift the veil of hypocrisy, Most defamers try first to bribe universities; that is the lUost effective practice. But, the real truth seeker canUot be bought; therefore defamors of all colors (ranging from the Nazi, BasciSt artd Jap lords to the pettiest American machine politician) have ever been compelled to take further steps. The second step, the Ohe which our native defaiUers are now pursuing) consists of ridiculing all thought and thinkers (usually under the title of .“intellectualista”) and building up in the common people a disdain and resentment against the unselfishness of the men of thought. In Germany, Italy and Japan the tyrants had to go even further by occupying universities, imprisoning educators and burning the best
books.
We know fi’ccdom-loM-ing America will defeat the cm’rCnt campaign before the defamers dare attempt a full blitzkrieg against knowledge in Nazi style. But we cannot rest on that confidence alone; for the persistent lies of the vilifiers, backed by powerful interests, have deceived too many into believing statements like, “College professors and idealists are stupid theorists. They must be sti’aight-jacketed in their libraries. Power must go to the practical men because they know that what was good enough for our fathers in the horse and buggy days is good enough for us.” Demagoguery, dramatic lies, nonreasoning I’idicule—these are the weapons of the defamers. Clear discussions are avoided because the slightest understanding highlights the hypocrisy of their actions. They, who raise the loudest hoWl against society’s use of expert selfless trained men are the very ones who will not hire, for their own enterprises, any but the best educated. For their own business the most active defamers establish large surveying and experimental research stuffs bent on developing change. This is rugged indNidualism, a proper Understanding of the incompetence of the’ undtrained men (who call themseNes the “practical realists”) to handle the complicated problems of present day complex business; but no sooner dc the common people hire trained men to serve all of society than the howl goes up, “Get rid of the impractical
My'e^fierats; Hire practical men lik^'ffd.’^'' '■ *' ' "Bhls" attllMde ’ of the self-named rfealktfi is! iptKctial for them; for, to LhyAi, pfecticality is personal gain, tlfel^i/i^iiily', 'iD ie’ 'practical for them td’^bfteF'tWir ^fe'rvices to the people SiBfed th'e'y'^ii'ii 'nbt'darfe to hire themselves. (Certainly it is practibhl fcr them to' teach the' people’ never to hire talent and brains direetl^f. iTie biggest money-making ^^me hate ever B^pn that Of' the middleman, and these prActipal m^n seek’, very naturally, to continue mediating between the people and the men of thought. Certainly it is practical to teach the people to pay a milldleman’s selr^de oiiargie, artd lo 'de^l only Wit'll ^e mi’ddlemert, tlie “practical!” men. It is practical, tob, for these jn^rt to teach the ctjmirtcih rrtart fb'accept the false distinction between idealists and realists. All professors, and idealists are stupid dreamers who neVer comb their hair and keOp their heads in the clOUds, the common man is told; while the self named realists are pictured as great men of practical wisdom who, through Some mystic process known as ruggedness, have acquired, while yachting and golfing, and unCanny sense of doing the right thing. History has ever proved that the idealists have been the ones with their eats pinned'tO the earth where they hear runtblings of inevitable progres's.' And when the idealists raise theii’^heads to'relate their in-sights'ttlb'seU-rtam’ed realists have evei’ 1>tii'ieil"th'e'ii'"hehds, ostikch-lilfe, ben'ea^fh thb' hiouiids of obstructionism' they erekte to block progress. History, toO, accounts for the fact that the truth-seeker has ever been the' humanitarian, while the self-named realist has ever been the obstructer. Throughout history, social forces 'Worlc towards greater equality and opportunity for the coinffion man. The thinker understands 'thi^', and seeks to, facilitate the orderly arrival of inevitable progress. But the self-named realist, fearful for practical gain, blindly obstructs the inevitable. History has ever proved that the self-named “realist”' lacks realism for always the “realist” admits, after unnecessary hardships and blood-letting, that the idealist Was right and that it Would have been wiser, more realistic, to have accepted humanitarian progress When it’s first rumblings Were heard by the trained idealists. Pfc. Edward Bigot To DCS Pfc. Edward Bigot of the AST program has just received orders to report to Officer Candidate School at Fort Washington, Maryland. Bigot was recommended for OGS by his Star Board at Lincoln,/ Nebraska and has been awaiting acceptance of his application while here at the University. He thus becomes the first man from the Personnel Psychology program of the AST at the University to attend OCS. Fort Washington prepares officers for service in the Adjutant-Generals’ Department and Bigot will arrive there to start
Lieut. Ambrose Speaks To Industrial Vision Institute Lt. (j.g.) Dean Ambrose addressed a group of psychologist's, eye specialists and personnel men^ at the Tuesday afternoon mei^t'itfg of the Industrial V,ision Institute’. Lt. Ambros'e spollc on -the gteilerrtl topic’ of “feecoghition of' ^’i'iendly and Hostile Airplanes and Surface' Vessels” and he explained the new technique used by the Navy to teach pilots and ^nners the “spotting” skilPhecessafy in Cbrttbat. > * •< " The “Renshaw system of recognition” was developed at Ohio State IJrtiversity and wa\ named after i)r. Renshaw of that inSt'itutibn. By means of slides and lanterns the naval men are taught to ’recbgniZe planes and ships after a 1/100 secqnd exposure. This may sound impossible, but according to Lt. Ambrose, this skill may be acquired'b'y study for an hour a day for eight weeks. The old and discarded rtiethod of recognition was by parts; that is the pilots and gunners Would hU-ve to learn the differences in Wings, motors, tails etc. between the various planes. The new method iS to teach the whole outline of the vessel and instead of seeing in parts the total form is learned. People have to be taught tO see in “Wholes” according to Lt. Ambrose, since most of oUr education has bfeert to break down objects into their various components. ' In order to understand the whole, it is necessary to have some knowledge of the parts and preliminary training is given to the navy men in the form of specific instructions as to the various types of fuselages and related structures of a plane. Models and picture's are used in the instruction. Lt. Ambrose said that two very important phases of the instruction is to teach the men what they are looking for and to make them look at the whole outline of the plane or warship as the case may be. Lt. Ambrose, who is art optometrist by profession, teaches this new method at the Recognition School of the U. S. Navy here at the University. This phase of training is so important that it rates second to navigation only,
his training the first part of September. Before joining the armed forces Bigot was vice-principal of a Jun-ior-High-School in Des Moines, Iowa, and he is a teacher by profession. He has his MA degree from Columbia University in Secondary Education. While on the campUs Bigot has been takirtg the AST course in advanced pei’sortnel psychology. Harvard ASTP trainees are getting an extra dividend in the form of lectures by suCh distinguished faculty members as former Chancellor Bruening of Germany and Professor Salvemini, Italian preFascist leader. . . '
ence to make quite a few moie men
eligible.
That old bugaboo of cadet applicants, perfect vision, is now out of the pictuie. You can make the gi’ade with a 20-30 eyes, correctible to 20-20. On depth peiception, corlection to 35 millimeters will get
you by.
Sent To Industrial Vision Institute
Save Here on All Your Piirdoe Supplies EnqineerinQ Drawing Supplies, Form “B" and All Form Papers, , Biology Supplies Study Lamps Slide Rules Purdue Statiunery PURDUE Sc-H.UU nuRE
304 State St,
West Lafayetie, Ind.
Vacation Is Over and You’re in Top Shape Again
BUT — What About Your CLOTHES?
Pbone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Korthwestern at- Vin6 Street
■f
Saturdayf Augmi 24, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Pdg^ i
Deans Welcome Freshman Students
!
Dean Of Men
Welcomes Stuclenfs
,' 'A hearty welcome to the entering freshmen of our 1943 Semi-term. You are about to enroll in a great inteliitution, under an accelerated I>iOgham brought about by the exiOgh’otes of war. 't.MAny students who have pre-
You are always welcome in this office and if we can be of service at any time we want you to feel free to call upon us. FRED I. GOLDSMITH Dean of Men.
School Of Pharmacy Pharmaceutical science and technologj? has been tengaged ill art allout effort to produce the drugs and medicjnes needed to prevent and cure disease in a wartime world. The quantities of drugs required for the military forc^and^ civiliarts' of our country and the nations with which we are allied beggar the imagination. To meet these requirements the production of vaccines, anesthetics, vitamins, blood plasma,
X., QC/^aSM/rff
ceded you were interested in a college education primarily because of the piomise of future returns in cash, but the depressipn of a decade agb taught us the fallacy of such a notibn. df all the values of education, cash return should rate at the bottorti ‘of the list. Education should corttribule to a man’s spuitual and mental estate and make it possible for Him to be happier and more useful to society. All other values should be secondary. So I uige you to try to feel that you are entering Puidue University for the sake of the fine experiences that you will have; for the opportunity of associating with a select gi^oup of young people of your own age; to have the privilege of access to a splendid library; to have contact with staff members who are experts in their fields; to express yourself in classroom discussions; and to enjoy a type of social life peculiar to student groups,
of those nations allied with us in the war, and of the countries being conquered." This extended health service will require the large scale production of drugs and medicines. It will also require the services of increased numbers of pharmacists an^ pharmaceutical scientists. We are pleased to extend our welcome to all students entering Purdue at this time. We specially welcome those who *plan to enter Upon studies for the profession of pharmacy. The need for men and women pharmacists in retail pharmacy, hospitals, manufacturing plants, governmental laboratories, and many other agencies is urgent. Opportunities to serve mankind and build a successful career await those who qualify for the profession. GLENN L. JENKINS, Dean, School of Pharmacy.
to prepare yourself for technical leadership at a time when there is a great need for scientifically trained men and rt^omen. At no time in history has there been a greater need for men and women trained in the various phases of technical agriculture and forestry. The war may soon be over, and with peace will come the demand for trained leadership in ajgriculture and its i‘elated industries. The Agricultural staff hopes that your work at Purdue will give you the inspiration to make the most of yoUr opportunities. With best wishes for a successful career. k. J. REED, Dean, School of Agriculture.
and broader understanding of society which you should gain from your University experience. As you become involved in the day-to-day demands of class work and activities, may you not lose sight of the high jbubposes which move you now. If we can be of help to you in any way, please tell us. That is why we’re here. CLARE A. COOLIDGH Actihg Dean of Women.
so that you can contribute most to an early victory. A. A. POTTER Dean, Schools of Engineering.
To The Freshnton In # The School Of Science
Message From The Dean Of Engineering
To The New Students Of Furdue University
College students, women as well as men, mrtst realize that they cannot “carry on as usuaP’. They are in a sense furloughed from participation in active war effort, in order that they may prepare themselves to contribute most during this the greatest crisis in the history of our country. The side shows of college life have no play other than to provide essential recreation needed to keep In good physical and emotional condition. The war is far from won and
To The Home Economics Freshmen To you who enter the University this September I wish to extend a sincere welcome and to wish you a happy and successful year in the University. May you find friends who will be interesting, work that will be challenging and activities that are enjoyable. You come to a campus alive with war training activities and young men working very hard to be pi‘e-
We greet you and welcome you in your vepture into education am realize thaf there will be many questions that will confront you. 'fo that end we wish to have you feel free to come to my office for conference and advice, at any time. ^ The subjects you will have. ^
To Purdue Freshmen
The Agricultural faculty and .it,. I „.i..
Glenn L. Jenkins
and many other pharmaceuticals has been increased fiom ten to a hundred fold. The antimalarial diug, atabrirte, produced in quantities of h,OlOO,GOO tablets per year in 1939 satisfied all demands. In 1943
The staff of the Office of the Ddan of Women greets you all. We are glad to see so many young men and women who realize the value of University education jn war time. Your presence here today indicates
0^/9'a/ W. c/.
OR. HOWARD E. ENDERS
•^^AN MflUi L l/lATTf/Ei\IP
this drug is being produced at the staff extend you a warm welcome to
rate of 2,500,000,000 tablets. this institution.
Plans now in progiesS|are direct- You are one of a privileged ed toward more extended medical group, and we hope that you will
QoQAfCae.
that you feel you can be of greater
care ^oi’^the ^eo^le of pur ^country,^ -make the mosj; of your oppQitunffy, serivce w^ith th& specialized ti;ainirtg
and every one of us must redouble our efforts if our people are to be saved from slavery and our country from total destruction. As students it is your patriotic duty to prepare i yourselvps ^ gu|c^ly and thorojighly
pared for service to their country. When young women come into such an environment they should accept the program of hard work, few vacations and time only for limited social activities. Through such acceptance you too are preparing to serve. If your work is too hard or you meet other difficulties come to the faculty members m the School of Home Economics and we will try to help you. My best wishes to you for a happy year. We hope we may personally know each of you before the year is over. MARY L. MATTHEWS , Dean, School o|Hon^e Economics
your curriculum Will enable you to qualify for work in the fields 6f science that make a direct contribution to the war effort, if you at& qualified to do superior work m Chemistry, Physics, Biology or Mathematics. At the present time there are more demands in these fields than the University can fill. You have our best wishes and cooperation in your undertakings. HOWARD E. ENDERS, Dean, School of Science.
Doctor
(Continued from page 6) | ganization under the direction of the Surgeon-General. Dr. Lo-Presti is specifically interested in anything that has to do with the eyes and thus such things as goggles for soldiers in Africa, visual rehabilitation of war casualities, toxic effects df gases on vision, and programs for eye care in industry and the army
Freshmen
are especially important to hiifii ^
NEW AND USED BOOKS 1 and
School Supplies for All Courses
amt JC cuhxL ^ (D/vdwin/^ 3'O/ufL fiaps/i.
FREE—BLOTTERS, CAMPUS MAPS, CLASS SCHEDULE CARDS
H
'OjwunxL thsL (^o^nsk. piom, ihsL lAnionl'
BOOK STORE
M. C. '"Red" Sammons, 79
‘5o Handy
li’ Lii, ,..^j_ **^ '' mge 8
Mif5‘ r«^ '.fi| -—jr- fi '”'%A’5 ’"i^^'^f^’” *#'
p^iupsaw
f'
Purdue Exponent
W, r ■.iW?Wr>T^
L*“ j.'^-’ -* ‘
Saturday, August 28,
. -f ^ I
1943'
iEAC’S
Hello Freshman! "Bully for Old Purdue.” You will hear that thunder across the Ross-Ade Stadium, Purdue’s football gridiron, this Fall from thousands of young and old voices. Congratulations on your choice of Colleges. You have picked the best college in the United States. For thirty-five years, "Deac’s” has served the boys and girls of Old Purdue. We have a college store that is owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue students. All of the boys and girls that work in Deac’s are students of Purdue. Deac has everything for a college education, and the friendly spirit has made some 30,000 Purdue students my friends. We sell all of the college books and supplies used at Purdue; and this year we have thousands of second-hand books as well as new books. After thirty-five years service, we know we have everything you will need or 'want while at Purdue. The students often try to ask us for things we do not have, but we generally can produce what they want. The best merchandise at the lowest price. If you buy all of your drawing supplies and drawing instruments at the same time, we give you a 10% discount. If you are going to take engineering, you will need a slide rule, and we sell the famous K & E Slide Rule; these are the rules that all of the Engineering students use. You can’t be an Engineer without a slide rule. We are also the Western Union and Postal Telegraph branch office, the branch office for the Railway Express and the Greyhound Bus Station at Purdue, and a Sub United States Post Office. You will like our store. We have some 3,000 boys and girls who leave their money at our store for safe keeping. It costs nothing, and you can draw it out day or night. We have rendered this service for thirty-five .years, and beginning in September, we will start our thirty-sixth year. You are always welcome at Deac’s. We are the exclusive representative for Whitman’s wonderful box candy. We have a regular 10c store in one department, everything 10c, even Purdue crested stationery at 10c. We sell tooth paste, soap, and other toilet articles. We sell Sheaffer, Parker, and Wahl Eversharp Fountain Pens and Pencils. We have been the distributor of the gym equipment used in the Physical Education classes, and we will handle it again this year. We print and sell the Purdue Recipe File. We sell all makes of golf balls and golf clubs, baseballs and bats, gloves, tennis balls and rackets, badminton birds and bats, Purdue Jewelry with the Purdue crest or seal on each article. If you have personal questions and troubles, and you will have, we are also at your command. We have helped thousands of students. Don’t hesitate to come in and ask me to help you. Come and meet the nicest bunch of girls and boys you ever saw in one store. If your father and mother come with you, I would like very much to meet them. Please bring them in with you. Most girl students take Applied Design, and we sell all of the equipment that they use at the lowest price. This is a real service to you, and you will appreciate it. This is a long letter, and I thank you for reading it. i / Hoping to see you soon, I beg to remain.
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER Book Store
ESTABLIliHED 1908
H. C. REISUR
885 State Street
H. G. REISNER, JR.
I
i
i