If‘ )
Publish^ by Students of Purdue Univei^ty
/ i-’"'* ’-'''I /}
VOLUME XtVtll
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1936
NUlffiEESe
At Reli^ous Convo
Organ Hetiud^ Number By University Choir To Precede Address Tomorrow Morning Dr. Abba H. Silver, rabbi of the Temple in Cleveland, will address the religious convocation in Eliza Fowler'Hall to- ; morrow at 10:30' a. m. on the subject “Where Would You Rather
Live ?”
' Rabbi Silver, who was decorated for his conspicuous services in the World War by France, has written many books on religion. He has the largest Jewish congregation in the
country.
Organ Recital George Osborn of Rochester will open the convocation with a fifteen minute organ recital. The University choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing two anthems, one preceding Rabbi Silver’s address, and one following.
efiBBi s/u/e/p
High School Debaters Crowd Campus During Annual Conference
Nichols^ Newton To Present Discussion In Fowler Hall; Students May Attend Session
Approximately 700 debaters and coaches are attending the seventh annual Indiana high school debate conference, which began yesterday noon and will continue throughout this morn-
ing.
One of the highlights of the conference will be the general
session in Fowler Hall at 10
o’clock this morning when William I. Nichols, direptor ofthe division of electrical development, Tennessee Valley Authority, will uphold “The Case For Government Ownership Of Public Utilities.” Frank A. Newton, the chairman of the rate research committee of the Edison Electric Institute, will present the case against government ownership. Both of .these men are especially well qualified to speak on this subject, because of their years of experience in the electrical utility field> Students Admitted University students will be admitted to this session upon presentation of their registration cards or receipts. Members of the faculty are also invited to hear the speeches. Other features of the day include a coaches’ session in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 8 o’clock and a high school debaters’ tour of the campus, leaving the Union at 8:30 this morning. A practice debate tournament at 1 o’clock in the afternoon in which more than 70 high school
teams are already entered will close
the conference.
Purdue Team Wins Yesterday the University affirmative debate team, R. F. Royster apd C. R. Petticrew, outpointed the University of Illinois team on the question, “Resolved: That all electric utilities should be governmentally owned and operated.” Last evening 600 persons attended the banquet, heard Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history, economics, and government department, speak on “The Six Greatest American Orators.” This group is the largest that has ever assembled in the Union ballroom for a banquet. Following this. Theta Alpha Pi, national honorary dramatic fraternity, gave two comedy sketches in Eliza Fowler Hall. Calpmet Township High School of Gary won the attendance trophy presented each year to the school which totals the most student miles based on the number registering and the distance travelled. They brought 38 students a distance of 109 miles for a total of 4,142 student miles. Goshen placed second in this competition with 3,026 student miles. Hammond students came the greatest distance.
SDX Formal Initiation
Tomorrow In Union
National Journtdistic Fraternity To Take In 12 New Members
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity, will hold formal initiation for 12 pledges tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Those to be initiated are R. P. Manion, J. E. Rrock, A. H, Forster, C. L. K. A. Baruette, E. K. Jonds, R, W. Walpole, L. D. Wood, R. H. Sennstrom, R. H. Parkison, E. F. Akers, and.R. W. Dwight. ' Following the inifiation a banquet will be held in the peasant room at 6 o'clock.
EXPONENT STAFF Members of tbe editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs wiU meet ( this afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Exponent office. —MORRIS.
The
SLACKEST, FUZZIEST, LIGHTEST, HEAVIEST, LONGEST,
BEARDS
will receive a
REFUND of ticket price A«n<
RASSLE
Eoilermaker Sportsmen Believe:
That all athletic opponents are guests and should be treated with the courtesy due frohi Purdue as a host. That all decisions of officials should be accepted without question. That players or officials should never be hissed or booed. That abusive or irritating language from the sidelines is the mark of a .poor sportsman. That applause is due opponents who make good plays or show good sportsmanship. That no attempt should.be made to rattle an opposing player, such as the man attehipting a free throw in basketball or the pitcher in baseball. That the game should be won by fair anddawful means, the spectators and the team abiding at all times by the real spirit of the rules. That the game should be loved for its own sake and not for what victory may bring. That games should be won without boasting and lost without excuses. That, win or lose, Purdue’s teams deserve wholehearted support.
Tonight’s Eyeful
Boilermakers Oppose Western State In Net
Opener Here Monday
Cage Squad To Continue Past Breaking Style Of Coach ^‘Piggy’^ Lambert
PROBABLE LINEUP PITRDUE Position WESTERN STATE Sines F Woird Young - F Mershoil Seward (C) C Arnold Malaska G Smith Downey (C) G Freeland OFFICIALS—^Referee, Feozle, Indianapolis; Umpire, Nip* per, Indianapolis.
By Bill Fificid Purdue’s cagemen, coached by “Piggy” Lambert, wiU open another season of fast, breath-taking basketball Monday
night at 7:30, in the Jefferson High School G3nnnasium, agaiiiist a seasoned squail from Western State who won 15 out of 18 starts last seasitu.
The starting iineup will probably consist of two seniors and three juniors. Johnny Sines and Jewell Young are two forwards that fit in well
with Lambert’s style of basketball, while Pat Malaska has the possibilities of developing into another one of Purdue’s high-scoring running guaras. Kessler Gone The loss of Bob Kessler, AllAmerican forward; Ed Elliott, the rangy center who alternated with Jim Sjeward last year; and Rea Lambert, back guard, who were regular sights on the floor in the Boilermaker’s co-championship net squad, has given “Piggy” some worry; but the five who will probably start tne game saw plenty of action last year. Coach Read of the Kalamazoo five has practically the same team starting against the Boilermakers as he did last year. The one exception is Verl Mershon, who became eligible at mid-term and immediately took over a regular forward position. (Continued on page'3)
Elliott Lauds Stock Show
President Edward C. Elliott expressed pleasure over the Indiana corn showing at the International Livestock and Grain Show at Chicago yesterday. The president stated that at the Annual Farm Conference, to be held here January 11, he would crown the Hoosiers who won the senior and junior com championships at the Chicago show. Concerning the Chicago show. President Elliott said that it was the best he has ever seen.
Ina Ray Hutton, streamlined swingstress, who will cavort before her all-girl orchestra at the mixer in the Memorial Union ballroom from 8 till 12 o’clock tonight. All details of tonight’s dance are the same as those of a regular Saturday evening mixer except the additional hour of dancing. Miss Hutton will also appear in a special WBAA broadcast this afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom.
Delt’s To Present Negro Dialect Show Tomorrow
“Professor Squeel’s Radio School,” humorous deviation of an EE class in Rapio, will be given by the Delta Tau Delta fraternity tomor-
row at the regular Sunday Union Cafeteria Show starting at 5:30. A. C. Colby will play the part of the professor of the all-negro dialect class. Bud Bryant, campus band leader, will lead the German Band in accompaniment to community singing.
WAR IS DECLARED
Army Marches On Bacillus
By C. L. Newcomb
FIGHT
TUBERCULOSIS
“In making a march, it is well to pause occasionally and observe the route both ahead and to the rear.” That’s how the Army Field Service regulations put it. At this time of year, we too may follow this advice. Now when the tuberculosis Christmas Seals make their annual appearance, we, as citizens, should
acquaint ourselves with what has happened in the fight against this dread disease — and what lies
ahead.
For thirty years a voluptary army has m,ustered itself for duty in raising funds with which to carry on educational work in the public health field of t»herculosis control to the
end that a preventable and _____ .curable disease may be conquered. The march has been along a well defined route starting with Koch’s discovery of the tubercle bacillus in 1882 and past such important milestones as, the building of the first tubercplosis sanatorium by Dr. Edward L. Trudean and the inauguration of the first Christmas Seal sale by'Mias Emily Bissell in 1907. For thirty years the battle has been waged, with ups and downs, ^ until now we can see victory^ ahead.
Buy and Use CHRISTMAS
SEALS
We must keep on. It is not enough that we have made progress to the extent of reducing the deaths from tuberculosis by more than twothirds. There are still almost 70,|)00 people needlessly dying each year, and most important, the majority of deaths occur at that age group, 16 to 46, which is right at the door of economic independence and
stability.
Can’t All, Be Fighters We can’t all be up in the front line of fighters, but we do all have the privi' leged opportunity of supporting the soldiers on the
march. We can buy and-
use Christmas Seals. They finance the greatest war the world has ever known —a war that shall go on until the ancient enemy
of mankind is wiped off
the face of the earth.
k long way have we come. We can look back with satisfaction, hut we must look ahead with determination and with confidence in the tuberculosis associations of the country who have led the
fight. ^
Let’s all buy Christmas Seals this year and help in this great fight that humanity is, making on this dread disease.
Ina On WBAA At 2 p.m. Today
Ina Ray Hutton, blond orchestra leader who will direct her “Melodears” for tonight’s mixer, will be interviewed this afternoon at 2 o’clock in a special WBAA broadcast originating in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Ken Ebershoff’s orchestra will be there to play for the program which iU' eludes songs by Ruth Grimm and
Mary Ed Johnston.
“The Rhythm Swingsters,” composed of Mary Ellen Foreman, Jean Beemer and Eddie Gross will sing, and Bob Heine and Jim Shoemaker will act as masters of ceremonies. The interlocutor will be Dick Craig. Three of the Melodears will sing for the broadcast, which the Student Union invites any student to
attend.
To Consider New Calendar
The special committee on the academic calendar completed its report at a meeting Thursday afternoon. The report will be presented to the executive committee of the faculty Monday and will be considered at the faculty meeting the following week. The committee reported on several proposed changes in the calendar including the longer Thanksgiving holiday and shifts in the dates of commencement and Gala Week. A complete new schedule was suggested for 1937-1938. Details of the report will not be announced until after it has either been accepted or rejected by the faculty on December 14.
University Qub Will Meet At Union Tuesday
♦‘Should Pm^ue University Further Limit Its Enrollment,” will be the topic of discussion at the second meeting of the University Club which will be held Tuesday evening, at 8 o’clock, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, it was announced last night by Prof. Robert Phillips, president.
State Radio Leaders Convene Here Today
Knapp, Phillips, Bnr^ ton Preside Over Ses-
sions Over 125 leaders in the field of radio education are expected to attend the hadianf^ Radio Conference on the eanipus today. Topics to he dlsr cussed include all phases eff education by radio and the public rouetion to such programs. The morning session will he hdd in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building and wiU he presided over by Prof. W. A. Kimpp» ehah’* man of the Purdue radio eennmittee. Speakers at tins meeting are Howard Evans of the national emn* mittee on education by radlth^ Homr er Bath of WMBD, Peoi^, ]fi.» W. W. Dorrell, itnamiger of (Continued on page 4>, r¥ J ^ ^ f
|>inpe *rw»
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. December 6^ 19$6
% a//
Christmas Seals
Each year at this season Christmas Seals are offered for sale by the national, state, and local Tuberculosis Associations to aid in the fight against that dread disease. By putting this appeal for funds in a form universally recognized as truly a part of the Christmas spirit, these groups have done nmch to advance charity solicitations from their usually somewhat embarrassing position. The money from seal sales, as everyone knows, is used in a most necessary endeavor the battle against tuberculosis. No one will deny that this money is needed and finds a good use , but still there are those who refuse to buy seals even if they can easily afford them. It is sincerely hoped that these stubborn individuals will in the near future abandon their positions and aid a great organization’s great fight.
R.O.T.C. Opposition Probably no other campus issue in recent times has been discussed as much as compulsory R. 0. T. C. training. Year in and year out those who favored abolition have striven without success, to force legislative bodies to pass laws that would make military training voluntary. Recent events, however, indicate that the abolitionists, whether one favors their principles or not, have been making considerably more progress than ""in former years. Reformers are often of the fanatical type, and can seldom see the different views of other persons; hence they very seldom are able to cooperate with one another successfully. In Oregon, however, the various abolitionist groups have combined to form a united battle front that may be hard to beat in the near future. For the last several years various Oregon student organizations, together with various outside forces, including churches and labor unions, have waged a continuous battle to end drills and military lectures on the ground that they amounted to peace-time conscription. Defeated time after time, they managed to secure 16,000 signatures last summer on a petition to place the issue on the State referendum ballot, which also contained several tax increase measures. The measure was defeated, but the various groups have announced their intentions of continuing their fight, claiming that the presence of the tax bills, all of which were defeated, were responsible for the defeat of their measure. At the University of Missouri the abolition groups raised such a row that compulsory drill was finally abolished by the faculty. At the University of Texas, objections raised by those who were against military training prevented the installation of an R. 0. T. C. unit. Similar events have taken place in other universities. Purdue has never taken a very active part m student reform movements, but, if these reform groups in other universities should succeed in having federal laws passed which would make the R. O. T. C voluntary universally, Purdue would be effected probably more than most universities by reason of the large number that take the course Undoubtedly a smaller percentage of the students would then take the basic course if it were voluntary, than take it at present. It will be of interest, in so far as the subject relates to us, to oliserve whether the present abolitionist groups continue their present bitter fight or whether they split among themselves and fail like so many before them have.—C D. S
turtle l^urbue exponent
Founded in 188S
t036 Member 1977 Pissocided Gollediate Press Distributors of Cblle6iateDi6esf
Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
J). C Miller J. P Girard
nePRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERT1SINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE New York NY CHICAGO • Boston . San FRA^ cisco Los ANGELES - PORTLAND . SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the poet office, Latayette, IndiansL Delivered by mail. $8 60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF liditor>in>Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor „ „ _ B. H Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, 3. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion. O. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants - „ W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, 3. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin. A. B. Keller. E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil, C. D, Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance.
Editor Associate Edttors Advertlsins Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF
_ Helen Creech — „ „deanne Janoosek, Doris McCartney,
EliEBbeth Pyke
„„ — —Betty Barnett
Six Months Or A Year Six months is a very short time on which to hinge the whole pattern of your life. Yet that is exactly what most University seniors do. For most of them, Christmas vacation means the first real job-seeking venture. Soon after Christmas employers begin to send representatives to schools all over the country, “scouting” for good material from the graduating classes. As the weather begins to warm in the spring, the seniors assume worried looks and begin concentrated letter-writing and interviewing sprees. When the end of the year comes most of them are placed, but what of the few that missed? While in college they had the chance to meet representatives' from many different companies, personally and they had the added advantage that the heads of their schools were present to recommend them. After school days are over personal meetings are hard to arrange, so they must rely upon the less effective method of correspondence. An editorial in the Daily Illini presents a plan that seems to have much merit. The proposal requires that companies send their representatives on scouting trips at the end of the jumor year, since a man has almost always proven himself one way or another by that time. The scout would pick his men, and then promise them jobs if they would keep the same standing. Under this plan the employer could recommend electives with which to help prepare the men for work in his concern, and the selected men would have a real incentive to study his last year The employer would have a much better qualified man, already partially familiar with the work. Of course it would mean that the concern would have to commit itself in advance; many would hesitate because they wouldn’t be sure of needing new men. But the large majority of concerns that send interviewers to Purdue University take several men each year. Surely the added advantage of a partially trained man would offset any disadvantages they might incur if they promised jobs a year in advance.—H. 1. S. Odds Against War With the recognition of the provisional government in Spain of Gen. Francisco Franco by Italy and Germany, and the severing of the few remaining strands of the Versailles treaty by Hitler, Europe even more anxiously watches the hours pass. Now the French newspapers report that Italy and the rebels have reached an agreement whereby the Italians will aid General Franco in blockading Barcelona. The fact that the rebellion has progressed up until this time without drawing other nations into the conflict is in itself a ray of hope that it will not. To be sure, countries do not go to war without much preparation and consideration, but Germany and Italy, together with the rest of the world, have known and watched the clash between Fascism and Communism for years. Lloyd’s of England," are now quoting odds of nine to one against a European clash, while three weeks ago they refused to bet against any odds there would not be a war. It might therefore be seen that there are at least a few signs which point to a Spanish war without a European war.—D. A. B.
Nstloiifil Advartbiiw M«iui[«r
BU8INE8S STAFF
~ JL 3, HuIbb . ~ „ L,. H. Brown
- SPORTS STAFF $pwrtM Editor^......
Aworinte Spnrt* Bdlton~.__
F« 1a, D« Woo4
Hf Filtoia. 8, K Griffiths. R. F. ObmehRin
Issue Editor—L. S. Hardin
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent wtU not assume responstbiltiy for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Busn SUNDAY ■ MONDAY America’s Girl Friend—i
Your New Heart-Throb-
Wee Willie Changes His Mind Wee Willie Hearst was, before the recent election, an ardent and zealous opponent of President Roosevelt and the whole New Deal Mustering argument after argument as to why the Republicans should be elected, Wee Willie’s papers broadcast a continuous antiNew Deal barrage directed at the voting public. But President Roosevelt was swept into office in an election which was a landslide as far as electoral votes went. Not long after that significant election, Wee Willie suddenly re-discovered his love for Roosevelt and the New Deal, and has ever since been constantly spreading the New Deal all over his front and editorial pages in highly complimentary terms. Why this sudden change of policy? Probably it was because Wee Willie feared his stand was so unpopular that he was losing thousands of readers and consequently thousands of dollars. Now Wee Willie can and does take a lot of personal abuse, but when his pocketbook is in danger that is another matter. Wee Willie can’t stand losing money, so he immediately about faced and tried to regain some of the confidence which so many people falsely place in him.
GdRGI HUSS'^ with LIONEL BARRYMORE FRANCHOT TONE MELVYN.DOUGLAS — Final Today — CHARLES STARRETT in “The Cowboy Star” — and — LESLIE FENTON in “House of Secrets”
MARS LAST TIMES TODAY
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular I dectioiis. '
ON THE STAGE THE 1937 SWING SHOW 6 Standard Vaudeville Acts 40 SWING ARTISTS ALL GIRL BAND
ON SCREEN JANE WITHERS ‘Can This Be Dixie” — Prices — All Seats 20c Until 2:00 All Seats 30c from 2 to 5 After 6:00 Main Floor 40c Balcony 30c Kids (all day) 16c
Stable Shows at
3:30 6:00 7:30 10:00
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
JEAN ADKINS NOTICE: Did DON PARQUHARSON do his smoochin’ very well on his 500th
date . . .
Poor MARY DAILEY, ticket office beauty, is all broken up about her future prospects—HARVEY CLINE has told her that she hasn’t got the charm she used to have— too bad MARY . . . PI KAPPA PHI AND PI KAPPA ALPHA TO HOLD PIE-EAT-ING CONTEST Tuesday, December 8th, will see the foist big PURDUE PIE-EAT-ING CONTEST — each frat will have 8 of its frosh on a team—each frosh has to eat two pies without the aid of implements—^ brass cuspidor will be given to the wmii« .. BOB HUGHES and PEGGY GRAN aie hit’n it full force—^last Sunday he took her up to his room to listen to some phonograph rec-
ords . . .
STORK REALITY— The stork has its worries Though it is not particularly dumb; But what can Mama Stork say, When baby Stork asks where it came from? “Pretty Boy” BAILEY and “Pink Cheek” MARKEL couldn’t be satisfied with going to another frat Thursday night—^they dolled up in soup and fish and then barged in on the Pifis for chow .. . these boys were kicked out of their own house because of the inter-frat council meeting held there—^two other Sig-
“—so when he’s done I discovers that he’s the guy that used to engrave the Bible on the head of a pin.”
ma Nus went to the Beta Hotel— they claim that the Beta hospitality ain’t what it should be—^they claim that when the gong rang they were left stranded by the rush for the dining room—even the frosh would not invite them in to the repast . .
PROF TROFS:
DADDY EWING (E E 174)—“— pick your wife like you would conductor material: One with low resistance, much capacity, lots of strength—^but not too strong . . SHREVE (Chem)—“Now when I was a consulting engineer . . ” . . TRIMBLE (Psych.)—“Now let
that be a lesson to you.” . . . MELLON (Chem)—“Let me present this to you as an engmeeiing problem” . . . SCHICK (Engl)—When he gets mad at a waste paper basket he kicks it around for awhile and then shoves it out the window . . . The best PROF TROFS for the week were turned in by RPM. The collection of MARS PASSES will be as usual at the Union desk . . . Has ATO, JACK DYE, given up the life of RILEY for a trip on a (Continued on page 3)
Sun. - Mon. Tues.
ARC
Big 4 Unit Show — 15c
With VICTOR MOORE • HELEN BRODERICK • ERIC BLORE BETTY FURNESS • GEORGES METAXA • DltecleJ by George Stevene • A PANDRO S. BERMAN Production • RKO-RADIO PICTURE Lyrics by DOROTHY FIELDS
All Week
Sabres Flash and CannonsThunder,''While ALL THE World WonDERS’ AT THE Love That Inspired the Immor TAL Charge of the Heroic "Six Hundred"'
The CHARGE of the LIGHT BRIGADE Screened by Warner Bros, from Tennyson s Heroic Poem, with PATRIC KNOWLES • HENRY STEPHENSON • NIGEL BRUCE Donald Cnsp. David Niven. Robert Barrat. Directed by Michael Curtiz
CUflA
Final Today “Missing Girls” and “Dove Letters of a Star”f
' '$■%
Saturday, t)eeember 6,16^6
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
I-M Officials Hold Meeting
To Discuss And Devel-
op New Activities Plans
Dick Hattom Plays Far Co-ed Bid Dance
Chief Clevett, director of Perdue’s intramural degartmeUt aftd three intramural managers leit at eight o’clock yesterday morning to attend a meeting of the intramural directors of the Western Conference schools to be held at the Sherman Hotel in Chicago, under the supervision of the Big Ten officials Intramural directors of many leading non-Big Ten schools of the country have been invited/to participate in the meeting. The main objectives of this conference are to compare notes on the activities of the intramural depart' ments of the various schools and to try to develop such activities into a real and integral part of all of the campuses.
Boilermakers To Meet Western State
(Continued from page 1)
Western State is depending upon Dave Arnold, outstanding 6 foot 4 inch center, who scored 14 points in the Boilermaker game last year, to give co-captain Jim Seward a tough battle at the center position. Several sophomores have been making strong bids for a position on the first five. Ajnong these are Gene Anderson, center; Dale Hutt, and Tom Dickinson, forwards, and Carl Swan and Nick Barsha, at the guard positions. Lambert will undoubtedly use a variety of combinations to get a line on what he is goinsr to have to hold the Big Ten net title.
SQUASH --TODAY— Class “B” 1:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Pi Phi. 1:45—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Upsilon. 2:30—Pirathon vs. Sigma Chi. 3:16—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Eho. 4:00—^Phi Kappa Psi vs>. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Evelyti Sappenfield and Wallace Flemming won the door biizese at the second co-ed bid dance of the year, the W.A.A. “Half-Way Meet’’ dance held last night in the Me morial Union ballroom. Approximately 700 dancers met their partners half way and danced to the rhythm of Dick Hartom’s band from the University of Illinois. Sporty decorations*in the ball room were prepared by Margaret Jones’ committee which was in charge of the dance.
Superstructure Contract Awarded
A contract for the construction of a superstructure on the by-pass of route U. S. 52, around Lafayette and over the Wabash, was obtained yesterday by the Vincennes Steel Corporation, at a bid of $110,668.76. Eight spans will be constructed with a total length of 740 feet. A 30-foot roadway and walks for pedestrians will also be included.
‘Swing Show’ Concludes Local Engagement
“The 1937 Swing Show,” a stage presentation, will conclude a twoday engagement at the Mars Theatre tonight. A varied program, including music by an all-girl orchestra, is being presented by the Mars, together with a full length motion picture.
Cd
imesf
By Olive Schatzley
NOTICE Dance programs and place cards at the right prices. LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO 511 Ferry St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do It well WaUace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at Tth
Phone 6050
The thinking fellow ealls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars''for Special Occasions I6e per passenger any part ef the city 6928 PHONES S071 YELLOW CAB CO.
SUDPEN ^BVICE
RINTING; Offkc SfadiwMty.iP H'ethttai invIteUoM
PHONE "" lalts Buokt, Elt..»» 8 62 8 CASSEL'S 40IMER»lP
p ■ 1
Christian Church Students: Prof. V. C. Freeman will address the students’ class at 9:30. Rev. Mullen will preach the morning sermon at 10:30. The evening program will begin at 5:30, with the regular Christian Endeavor social hour. This will be followed by a luncheon at 6. The discussion at 6:30 will be in charge of Roy Smoker. Rev. Mullen will have charge of the evening church services beginning at 7:30 p. m.
Baptist Students: Roger Williams Club class will meet at 9:30 with Dean Fisher as teacher. At 10:45 communion will be served. The sermon for the morning service will be “The Bible, A Pathway To The Reality Of God.” Social hour will be lead by the seniors at 5:30. Lunch served at 6:10. Discussion will be lead by Olive Schatzley, the topic being “How Big Is Your God?” The World Wide Guild Girls of the church will give a candlelight pageant at the 7:30 services.
Episcopal Students: The “Early Service” will be celebrated at eight o’clock, and the other services are as ^ usual, with Holy Communion at the 11:45 service. The young people’s supper is set for 6 p. m., with regular meeting beginning at 7 o’clock. T. K. Noss will speak and lead a discussion. All students are cordially invited to attend.
Methodist Students: The co-ed class will meet at the Foundation House at 9:30 with Edna Faye Moore as the leader. The Men’s class will meet at the church at th^ same time. Tom How, of the University physics department, a member of the national committte of the Canadian student movement, will teach. Rev. Steele will preach on *‘Why Read The Bible?” at the regular morning church service at 10:40, Everybody is invited to come out to the fellowship hour and supper at 6 o’clock. The topic for discussion at Epworth League will be “Teachings Of Christ.” William Keenan, Ronald Creek, and Mary Louise Hess will be the speakers.
Presbyterian Students: The program for the Presbjrterian students is conducted at the Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. J. W. Findley will conduct the student class at 9:30 in the student room. Morning worship at 10:45. Dr. Graham will preach. The Sunday Evening Club will meet at 6:30 in the Educational Building for supper. J. P. Lee will speak on the political situation in the Orient. The Chinese Student Club will be guests at this meeting.
TouchbaU
rmalB iociay
Pki Kappa Taos Play Phi Kappa Psis
Trying for their second consecutive intramural tonchball championship, the Phi Kappa Tans are tackling the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity on Inij^amural Field at 3
o’clock this afternoon.
The game was originally scheduled for last Thursday afternoon.
but since no lights were available
Qi/A/eo-
Coach Buck Read, center, is presenting a veteran team against the Boilermakers Monday night. Arnold, Western Siulr n liilcian center, is expected to b< tJie nsinitaj of the teniii.
ielder’s.... ....choice ■■•By Bob Walpole
University of Washington, the West’s choice for their representative in the annual Tournament of Roses game on New Year’s Day, is coached by Jimmy Phelan, former Boilermaker head coach ... ^ —^fc— Throughout the nation, attendance records for football games increased 15 per cent this past season . . . the Big Ten report ort-Purdue shows a record of 71,000 for 1936 as compared to 49,700 for 1935 . . . the capacity crowd for the IndianaPurdue game swelled the attendance aplenty . . . —fe— The Golden Glove fights coming up next Wednesday promise to be interesting to say the least . . . . Coach “Punchy” Maxwell has some fine material this year, and since he has taken over the boxing supervision, he has turned out some tough scrappers . . . —fc— If some of the seniors who tossed gloves f at Fort Knox last summer aren’t entered in this boxing show, they should be . . . Bryan, Trcka, Helm, and Mull all showed that they can punch if they have too . . . —fc—
John Drake has been invited to join the eastern squad in the'annual All-East-West charity game in San Francisco on New Year’s Day . . . the first eleven players all hail from Big Ten schools ... included are three each from Ohio State and Minnesota, four from Northwestern, and Drake from the
Boilermaker campus ... Dick Hanley, former Wildcat mentor is the coach for the eastern eleven . . . —fc— Before the Purdue-Indiana game, a couple of Indiana Daily reporters wanted to snap a picture of the traditional bucket . . . they didn’t realize the importance of the assignment until they found the necessity of receiving permission from every important individual in the University, including the president . . . they went to everyone but the mayor of Bloomington . . . whether the picture was taken is still a question.
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
for
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St./W. Lafayette
and since the two fraternities did not wish to play half the game in the dark, they decided to play the game this afternoon.
Last Year’s Final
Last years final touchball game was between the Phi Taus and the Phi Delts, with the Phi Taus winning 6-0 after a tie and a protest had failed to pick the winner.
Probable Lineup
Phi Psi Phi Tan Wallace LE Rowell Antrim LT Scully Truitt LG Sherman Hailey C Motz Fearheiley RG Breiner O. Buenting RT Wilson Bryant RE Breiner Stubbs QB Sunnes Smith FB Curran Fifield LH Grumme Harper RH Fisher
B&B
€0mim
water wagDi»-*-MK tbtie toiught trtfl tell the taleltf .. .
Concerning the PEGGY GRAN jobby—there are several boys fighting for the high honors where her love is concerned—Tan Bait, KENNEDY has practically'said, ^ (tot tut) with my library job when GRANNIE is around” ... and of course BOB HUGHES kinda figures too. . .
BURMEISTER, the football hero, got home from his date with a certain Lafayette nurse in the wee sma’ hours of the morning according to all reports, the hour was near 4 . . .
“Swing IT” Ina Ray Hatton will be swinger of honor at the UNION Board dinner tonight (tlmy hope> —SHOEMAKER, SCHOLER, and VAL have great problems—^th^ can easily ditch the co-ed members of the Board, but what can be done with LOUISE, LORNA, and MRS. VAL????? . . .
TOUCHBALL FINAL GAMES TODAY 3:00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kanpa Tau. Officials, Gaalke, CaponUM. 1:30—Cary Hall E^t vs. Cary nau North. Officials, Martin Kerber.
If you really want to read doit of the first water—^be at the SDX RASSLE when the EXPOSER comes out . . .
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
R. C. EISENBA(^ Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
j If you want the best in .Guns and Ammunitions
See us
( 22 long rifle 27c 22 longs 22c I 22 shorts 17^
SPERB’S.... Hardware
SHELLS
59c up
824 Main
\
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
hbQiSti
SUN. - MON. - TUBS. - WED.
STARTING MIDNIGHT SHOW TO-NITE
11:30 p. m.
The nation’s leading organizations have endorsed this picture.
NEW YORK FEDERATION OP WOMEN’S CLUBS: There should be more of the same kind.”
“A splendid picture.
YOUNG MEN’S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION; “A beautiful and powerful picture. The religious groups who have constantly striven for better pictures have in this production one which they can sponsor. If the church finds it unethical to support this picture^ then it is hiHieless for the industry W do anything for ttie religious groups.” George J. Zehnmg, Director, M. F. Division.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR: “A' sincere translation to the screen of a story that has helped bring into the lives of many thousands <rf people pea^ and a steadfast confidence in the need for right doing. *In His S^s’ marks the entry into the motion picture field of Grand National as an occasion of promise, for the production qn^ity and the talent of the cast give it rank with the productions of the established studies.”
AN AUDIENCE OF 20,000,000 NEADERS
THE STARS OF "AH, WILDERNESS!" IN AN IMMORTAL STORY OF YOUTH
A GRAND NATIONAL PICTURE
INTERNATIONAL FEDERATION OF CATHOLIC ALUMNAE: “A deeply moving and profoundly Inspiring story of two young people. The ultimate sifintion of the plot and the manner in Which it is brought abont is a veritable sermon whii^h no one can afford to miss.” Sirs. J. F. Xiooram, Chairman. GENERAL FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS: "The picture is very interesting and is sure to have a good inilnenee everywhere it Is shown.”
RUSSELL SAGE FOUNDATION: "I enjoyed every moment of this picture from beginning to end, and went away with the feeling that miether splendid service has been done In motion picture entertainment by Grand National.” Lee F. Hanmer, Director, Recreation Dept.
VAmnris \ofunrj hUUCB I HBYHEY wHur MAE
%
'I
U
Go West
Young Man
#1
iHe HtiARlOUS STORY OP A TOURING MQVmSTAR WHO RAILS FOR A SHY country LAO. , HB 60B$ HBY-HBY WITH MA£ /
WARREN WILLIAM RANDOLPH scon ALICE BRADY EUZABETH PATIESSQN LYLE TALBOT
MARS
STABTS TOMORROWyii I," -jiiia'i"
' f ("f
THjB t^tRDUE jEXgONBNf
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—1 Tuxedo size 42; 1 full dress suit and vest size 38. Both in fine condition. Call between 6:307:00 p. m. 101 Park avenue. Phone 76292.
Many Things—^I'hat make suitable Christmas gifts. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
For Rent—Comfortable, single room, close to campus, 432 N. Grant street. Available December 10.
NOTICES No noticw acccptMl after • a. m.
B. O. T. C.—Examination for the removal of condition grade In MUitarjr Training 4 will be held on Pec^ber 10 and 11. Studente desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s of.
fiee, Armory, before 4 p. nu, iOeoember 8. —HAYFOBO. Pnrdne Entheran Stndenta* ClnV—Important meeting December 6. at 7 :S0 p. m. in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. —AMDRES.
C. E. 62—^An opportunity for the removal of conditions in C. E. 62 will be given at 1 p. m., December 12, in room 206, Civil Engineering Building. —PETTY.
Scabbard and Blade—All pledges get intrenching tools from Service and Stores tool room. Have deposit. —MILNER.
Scabbard and Blade—^All actives are urged to attend rough night, December 6 in the Armory. —MILNER.
Speliing Class—Students who have not passed their Freshman Composition spelling tests may take the test in special classes which will be held every day starting on Monday, December 7, until Friday, December 11, from 4 to 5 p. m. Attendance is voluntary. Consult instructors for room assignments. —WYKOPF.
Sigma Delta Chi—Very important meeting December 6 at 3 p. m. in Exponent office. Members not present will be fined —HARDIN,
Pnrdne Lutheran Students Club—Impoi^ ant meeting December 6 at 7:80 p. m. in room 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —ANDRES.
Handbook Committee—Student Senate committee on handbook meet in Senate office, 4 p. m., December 7. —ELLIOTT.
Girls Glee Club—Rehearsal December 8 at 4 instead of December 7. —BELL.
Unian Worfeete--Couimiti«es meet ia the workshop 1 p. m. December 6. —CLAYPOLE, RBITH. STALLINGS. FITTS, PUTEE, PbtIREHEIMER, and REID. Union Workers—My committee Will meet in the office December 7 at 4 p. m. Important. —REID.
P. O. M. H.—Memben who ordered keys may get them by calling gt the Pi Km>pa Phi House. —McCANDLESS. Ping Pong Tournament—Games to be played at Women’s Residence Hall by evening of December 7: Edson vs. Long; McLaughlin vs. Lemon, Gran vs. Graybill. Games to be played at Women’s Gym on December 7 are ; 4 p. m., K. l^ritt vs. Petticrew; 4 !20 p. m., Yerkes vs. Harwood; 4:40 p. m.. Ward vs. Riverda. —MAIER.
Shnffleboard Tournament—^December 7 at Women’s Gym. Court four: 4 p. m. Harry and bfaier vs. Swick and Suliot; 4:20 p. m.. Blank and D. Newman vs. MacBride and Merrick; 4:40 p. m., Newmann and Long vs. Davis and Christenson. On court five: 4 p. m., Truax .and Townsend vs. Bailey and Whinery; 4:20 p, m., Berry and Wilking vs Deleplane and J. McDowell, 4-40 p. m., Shaffer and Humphreys vs. Raebig and McLaughlin. Court six: 4 p m, M. Beko and H. Beko vs. Venemann and Piper; 4:20 p. m., Wiley and Dobson VB. M. Schnaible and M. Bailey; 4:40 p. m., Arnold and Thompson vs. Wetzel and Bush. —MAIER.
Code datees-^Ulass will be held «t 4 p. m. l^embei^ 7, in room 264 of the Elec-
trical BuUding. —BERNSTEIN.
Glider Clqb—Work session December 6, sf 1 p. m. on fourth floor of Mechanical Engineering Building. —O’NEAll Pntdue Fljdng Club—Pictures to be taken at _ airport _at 2:80 the afterhoon of
December 6. Wear suits.
-SMITH.
W. A. A. Tumbling — First tumEIlhg practice December in Women’s Gym. —WALKER.
NOTICE Christmas Cards printed or engraved at exceptionally'low prices. LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO. 611 Perry St.
Advanced Military—^All juniors in advanced course will report in uniform to supply room between l3ie hours of 8 a. m. and 4 p. m., December 8, or December 9, to be measured for boots and Sam Browne belts. —HALLAM.
W. A. A. Hockey—^AH girls please get all equipment in immediately. —THOMPSON
Cjjrisitmasf m iUmb You may want to cut the corners on the clothing budget. You can still look well dressed and feel it, too, if you have your clothes Crown Cleaned regularly.
FINE CLEANERS OF FIN
LOTH E S
The note of a cricket is sometimes so loud it can be heard a mile away,
Radio Leaders Convene Here (Continued from page 1)
Ft. Wajnie, and Joseph Wright of the Univerlsity of Illinois and director of WILL. Noon Luncheon Harold K. Phillips, publicity director of the American Legion, will preside at thfe noon luncheon, fol lowing which J. R. Burton, director of WLBC, Muncie, will take charge of the afternoon discussions in the music room of the Memorial Union Annex, At this meeting W. B. Boutwell of the office of education in Washington, D. C„ Miss Blanche Young of the Indianapolis public schools, and Edward Smith, production manager of WGN, will discuss the preparation of script and staging of radio programs in a manner acceptable to the American public. The conference, sponsored by station WBAA, the electrical engineering school, the engineering extension division, and the division of speech, is receiving support from the American Legion, state chamber of commerce, and other Indiana gioups interested in education.
NOTICE Fraternities are invited to inspect our line of Christmas Cards, LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO. 511 Ferry St.
132 Vine St. V^esc Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Send Us Your Laundry DRY CLEANING HAT CLEANING SHOE REPAIRING
We guarantee workmanship and materials Phone 3085 Or Send to Our West Lafayette Office
American Laundry
WRH Formal Tonight At 9 Ebershoff To Furnish Music For ‘‘Star Dust Dance” Ken Ebershoff’s Welve-piece orchestra will furnish music for the WRH formal “Star Dust Dance” to be held from 9 till 12:45 o’clock tonight at the Women’s Residence Hall. This late hour is to allow dancing to continue through and
after the supper hours, 11 and 12 o’clock. The suppers will be served in the dining room. Surprises for guests and residents alike have been promised by the social committee who have kept part of their plans secret. Georgeanna Baker, WRH social chairman, has been assisted by her committee, Elizabeth Barmes, Mary Ed Johnston, Althea Jorgeson, and Barbara Sweeney.
NOTICE Get our prices on Christmas Cards. LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO. 511 Perry St.
for Him
Gifts of Distinction Quality wares from the leading creators of fine Men's Furnishings Nationally known makes that Will please the recipient
Men's Lounging Robes $4.95 to $15.00 In attractively patterned rayons, fine quality all wool flannels and the finest silks, many alluring new styles that are certain to please him In colors and combinations he likes best All wanted sizes
Dress Shirts of Quality $1.65, $1.95, $2.45 Well tailored shirts with the new non-wrinkle collar in plain white or in the season's prettiest new patterns Among them Lord Pepperells, Van Heusens, Essleys and Lenox Monogrammed free of charge for you' Fancy Dress Socks 25c to 75c New designs and weaves by Phoenix, Monito and Interwoven in the styles fyW. and colors he likes best ) Warm Winter Gloves $1.00 to $3.95 Whether you desire just a pair of wool gloves or prefer pigskins or leather ones, you'll find them here in abundance in the color he likes bast
Fine Silk Cravats $1.00 and $1.45 Large selection of well known makes as Cheney, Botany, Superba, D'Orsay and others in the season^ newest patterns and color combinations Individually wrapped for you!
LOEB & H E NE COMPANY THE COMPLETE STORE FOR YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING
Our buyers have filled ^ur store with the finest collection of gifts that can be found.
Flaffering Holiday Items Diversified selections of the smartest articles of Wearing Apparel and the loveliest Accessories Toiletries that will please her
. - Imported .. French Kid .. .. .. Glooves ....
DO YOUR SHOPPING EARLY! There are only 16 more shopping days on the calendar and the wise thing to do is to shop as early as one possibly can. Stocks are at their heights, now, clean and unsoiled, and the selling force fresh and attentive'
Pearl Necklaces $1.00 to $3.98 Simulated pearls make one of the loveliest gifts. They are both worn for day time and evening occasions.
Gift Handkerchiefs 25c, 50c and $1 Fine imported linens in white, pastel and street shades with lovely embroidery and applique work
AHracfive Handbags $1.00 to $5.00 In tine leathers, suedes, doths, silks and beads styled in the latest mode, many with zipper inserts.
Sheer Chiffon Hose 79c to $1.65 pair The choice makes of the country's leading manufacturers in Rights for street and evenlpg wear. Delightful new shades that wilt please the recipient.
Attractively Boxed Gift Sets $1.00 to $10,00 Lovely gift boxes filled with perfumes, powders, vanities and similar artidas to enhance her beauty. By Coty, Houbjgant, Yardley, Wembdon, Tussy, Evening of Paris and other well known makes. Gift wrapped for you!