This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATUBDAT October 1, 1938 Lafayette* bufiona Vol. 50 No. 16
Gridiron Squad Entrains For Bulldog Battle
Formal Rush Starb Today; Meeting At 2:15 In Lounge Formal rush activities will start today for the 168 girls who signed up yesterday at the Pan-Hellenic desk. A short compulsory meeting at 2:15 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union will serve to introduce the Pan-Hellenic lawyers and sorority rush chairmen, and to clarify rush rules for the rushees.
Open house teas will follow the meeting. All sorority girls will be “at home” to rushees. The houses will be slicked up for inspection and new acquaintances made over bev-
erages and wafers.
Tea Dancing Will Hold Sway... ... in the Union ballroom this afternoon, as the Purdue Independent Association opens its first tea dance to all students and guests. Recordings of latest sweet and swing tunes will furnish music for the dancers. Bob Shinn and his PIA orchestra will be unable to play for the affair because several members of the orchestra must be in Indianapolis to play with the Military Band this afternoon. / Fifteen tea dances have been scheduled by PIA for the school year, coming of an average of every other Saturday. After today the dances will be^open to PIA members and their guests only. Ticket salesmen will be posted at the ballroom doors this afternoon to sell PIA memberships to unorganized students.
Late News
Bulletin
BERLIN—The first contingent of German troops crossed the Czech frontier early today and began Hitler’s occupation of territory granted him by the four-power treaty. WARSAW—Poland delivered its final ultimatum to Czechoslovakia today and informed the Prague government that unless it agreed- to immediately hand over the Teschen area that Polish troops would seize it with force. Reliable sources said that noon today was the hour set for the final ultimatum to expire. More than 1,000,000 Polish troops were under^ arms and ready to begin marching. LONDON—It was learned reliably that six battalions of British infantry would be sent into Czechoslovakia soon to assist in policing the area involved in the Munich accord. C.E.Dammon Named Admissions Director Clarence E. Dammon, formerly of the speech department and counselor for students on courses of study, has been named director of admissions to the University. Dammon took over his new post yesterday. The new position, created some time ago, was announced by Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the president. As director of admissions Dammon will be in charge of admission .of all students, conduct entrance examinations, and serve as chairman of the committee on entrance requirements. Dammon has been with the University since 1931 as a member of the speech department and as WBAA program manager. WRH Elects Officers Thursday’s Women’s Residence Hall balloting resulted in the election of the following officers for the coming year; president. North Hall, jean Ragsdale, HE ’42, of Valparaiso; vice-president and social chairman, Adele Bardoch, HE ’40, Indianapolis; secretary-treasur-er, Joan Wimborough, HE '40, Lebanon; freshman assistant to social chairman, Beth Partenheimer, HE
’42.
South Hall officers are: president, Phyllis Julian, HE ’42, Valparaiso; vice-president and social chairman Barbara Warren, HE ’41, Lebanon; freshman assistant, Joyce Fielden, HE ’42, Kenmore, N. Y.; secretarytreasurer, Elaine Fleisher, HE ’42, West Palrg Beach, Florida. Roger Williams Club Members Picnic Today Annual fall outing of the Roger Williams club will start from the Baptist Church at 1:16 p. m. today. The group will proceed 16 miles up the Tippecanoe River to Big Rock Cottage. An afternoon of sports followed by supper is on the program. Club officers request those who ax’e going to meet at the church by 1:16. The outing is open to all, and a charge of 26 cents per person will be made.
With the start of rush activities will come the cessation of all coke dates and campus meetings, decreed by the Pan-Hellenic council at a meeting yesterday afternoon. The council thought that the tea today and the three informal rush dinners were sufficient opportunity for meeting rush girls. Senior Sittings For 1939 Debris Begin Monday Morning Senior sittings for the 1939 Debris will begin Monday morning in room C of the Union at 8 o’clock. The photographer, a DexheimerCarlton representative, will be here for only two weeks. Pictures are scheduled for off hours, but if there are conflicts, the persons concerned should straighten them out at the Debris office as soon as possible, stressed editor Fred Winter. The schedule for Monday and Tuesday appears on page four. The pictures will be $1.50, and must be paid for at the time they are taken. Wesley Players Tryout Monday Evening at 8:30 Second tryouts for Wesley Players annual peace play, “Brothers,” and two short plays entitled “A Little Leaven” and “A Mud Wall” will be held at 8:30 Monday evening at the Wesley Foundation. “Brothers” will be produced Ai'mistice Sunday evening. Rev. McFadden, director of the group, urges that more boys show up for tryouts as they are needed
badly.
WSGA Calls For Frosh Petitions By October 10 Ffeshman co-eds who wish to be candidates for the position of freshmen representative on the WSGA executive board must turn in petitions signed by 25 freshmen co-eds to the WSGA office on or before noon Monday, October 10, WSGA officials announced yesterday. Election of the two freshmen representatives from the list of petitioners will take place at the WSGA mass meeting on Thursday, October 13. / The petition should be in the following form: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of Freshman Representative on the WSGA Executive Board for the first semester of the year, ’37-’38.” Music Room... . . . pi’ograms start tomorrow afternoon in the Union ballroom at 4 o’clock. The Men’s Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, will furnish the program. Last August the glee club placed first at the Chicagoland Music Festival in the men’s chorus division. These Sunday afternoon programs will be continued throughout the year and will be held at the same hour in the Union music room. Music programs are directed by Thais Crepps and John Richardson, Student Union vice-presidents. High School Stores Jefferson, 6; Tech (Indianapolis), 0. West Side, 27; Hoopeston (HI.), 7. Crawfordsville, 26; Ben Davis, 0. Washington (Indianapolis), 26; Shelbyville, 6. Connersville, 26; Rushville, 7.
Three Swingsters Face A Busy Day
Morningstar Replaces Injured Paul Humphrey This morning at .9 o’clock Purdue’s gridiron forces entrain for Indianapolis, where five hours later the Boilermakers will make their first appearance in 33 years before a Capitol City audience, in a renewal of the time-honored series with Butler University.
230 Dance^ Play Cards At First Graduate Social Over 250 graduate students and guests enjoyed an evening of dancing, card playing, and refreshments in the Union last night at the first graduate social event of the year. Music for the occasion was by Chuck Coe and his “Purduvians,” featuring Nona Reedy as vocalist. Several circle dances and tag dances were featured events of the evening. Preceding the dance, a reception was given in the lounge. The deans and heads of the various schools served to make up the receiving line. As a result of the success of last night’s event, graduate students are planning on another similar social function in the near future, probably on November 2. At that time three new committee members will be chosen. Definite plans will be announced later in the Exponent. Davis Will Head Meeting Of Academy Of Science All phases of science will be discussed at the University November 3, 4, and 5, when the Indiana Academy of Science holds its fall meeting here. Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department at Purdue, is tljp program chairman of the committee, and promises that an interesting program will be in wait for the scientists. Another Purdue man, P. A. Tetrault of the University biology department, is one of the officers of the Academy. He is the chairman of the bacteriology division of the Academy and will have charge of that division during the three day session.
Making its debut on the campus today, the thirteen-piece band of Irvan Maury will make music all day long as they play for the College Caravan and Variety Hour over WBAA this afternoon and the swing session and mixer in the Union ballroom this evening. With a theme of “Swing in...glory with Irvan Maury,” the band features a slow rocking style of rhythm according to leader Irv Given. Its name is derived from the names of co-partnerS, Irv Given and Maury
Darlene
Mahps, that is, Irv and Maury, or simpler yet Irvan Maury. Band Newly Reorgnaized Newly reorganized, although it has been going since last February, the band draws the majority of its members from the former ranks of the Purdue Military Band. At the swing session they will feature novelty numbers, fast swing pieces, and a few popular tunes with Darlene Mahns singing the vocal. Special arrangements are AArritten by Clinton Brown, the second trumpeter.
&
Angie Morningstar is getting his big chance today against Butler as he replaces Co-captain and center Paul Humphrey, who was pushed to the sidelines for several weeks by a wrist injury.
WBAA Initiates New "College Caravan Series At 2 Today
rr
This afternoon WBAA will initiate a new series of “College Caravan” programs which will be aired each Saturday from 2 to 2:30 p. m. The broadcast will feature music, news, customs, and traditions of other campuses, according to Bill Adams who is in charge of the program. Starred on this afternoon’s entertainment will be Irvan Maury’s orchestra with vocalist Darlene Mahns, making its first appearance on the campus. In addition to the musical program Milt Gregorie, pianist with the band, will play several solos. Remain On Air Following “College CaiAvan,” Irv and the boys will stay on the air to furnish musical background for the “Campus Varieties” hour from 3 to 4 o’clock. Highlighting the vocals will be Darlene Mahns, Marvin Smith, and a new discovery from among the senior eds, who has never sung to an audience before, and whose name is being withheld. (Russ Mock, pianist, will render his own arrangement of “Liebestraum;” Charleen Whittington, another newcomer, will whistle; and Ervin Underwood will play the xylo-
phone.
Expressing a pressing need for new talent on the Varieties Hour, Hank Miller issued a call last night for a male quartet and a girls trio for the next program.
Yesterday afternoon as the Gold and Blacks wound up drill for the Butler fracas. Coach Elward indicated that with the single exception of Paul Humphrey, who is nursing an injured wrist received in the Detroit game last Saturday, the remaining lineup will be composed of the same combination that started the Detroit encounter. Morningstar will replace Humphrey at center. Over 1300 students and local football fans will travel to Indianapolis today to see the Boilermaker-Bull-dog gridiron battle, according to the number of tickets sold at the Fieldhouse ticket office. A special train will leave from the Big Four railroad station this morning at 9 o’clock, and will return shortly after the game. Byelene May Be Used In view of the bruising that Lou Brock and Jack Brown received last week ,it is possible that Mike Byelene and Ted Tykocki, promising sophomore halfbacks, will be used a considerable part of the time this
afternoon.
Tykocki was kept on the bench last week because of a shoulder injury, but during this week’s practice, he showed that his injury gave him no trouble, as his punting and Today’s football game will be broadcast by radio stations WIRE and WFBM at Indianapolis. Highlights of the game will be broadcast as they happen over WBAA by interupting current programs. passing were in top form. Ted is the fastest back on the Purdue team and once in the secondary he’s one of the best broken field runners in
the game.
The principle thorn in the Boilermaker defense assignments will be the task of stopping the swift Tom Harding, Butler’s ace halfback and a triple threat man. Exponent Staff To
Interview Frosh All freshmen interested in working on the Exponent business staff should report to the business office at 312 North Fifth street for staff interviews next week, according to an announcement made last night by G. W. Breuer, Exponent personnel director. Freshmen should report for interviews between 4 and 5 p. m. next week as follows: A-D, Monday; E-G, Tuesday; H-K, Wednesday; L-P, Thursday; and Q-Z, Friday. Anyone who is unable to be interviewed on his scheduled day may come on one of the other days, said
Breuer.
Design Department Will
NinG CO'GdS Will AttGnd Exhibit Paintings To^ti^
All-State YWCA Convo
Maury
The free swing session will start at 7:16 tonight, and will last until 8 o’clock. Irvan Maury will play for the regular dollar mixer from 9 until midnight. During the mixer, Irv plans to demonstrate his slow rocking style featuring sweet swingy dance tunes. Although this is their first public appearance at the University, they have played at the Lafayette Country Club and the Phi Kappa house, and many students have heard them at practice in the Union,
Nine representatives from the YWCA cabinet will attend the AllState Fall Conference today at Franklin College. 'All of the co-educational colleges in Indiana will be represented at the conference which will consist mostly of discussion groups led by Miss Sarah Beach, secretary of the Geneva region. University co-eds'who will attend the conference are Marga Mary Glunt, Edna Schwab, Thelma Bugher, Ruth Wattleworth, Helen Conver, Betty Klein, Sara Alice McIntosh, Catherine Cooley, and Martha Moorhead. Miss Clare Coolidge will accompany the group.
Exhibits of " reproductions of paintings by living American artists will be on display in room 202 of Building No. 2 today through October 15. Included in the exhibit will be works by such artists as Eugene Speicher, Henery Lee McFee, Georgia O’Keefe, Henry Mattison, Raphael Soyer, Louis Eilshemins, Ernest Fiene, and Bernard Kai-fiol. The exhibit will be sponsored by the applied design department, and the department invites the public
to attend.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair today. Fair and warmer tomorrow.Pointers...
... for those co-eds who will be going through sorority rush this week are listed below. They were compiled by Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, from her experience with previous rush, with the assistance of Jean Stolz, president of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic council, and Exponent’s co-ed editor, Sally McKee. These rules state many common sense principles of rushee etiquette. Their basic principles could apply equally as well to eds as to co-eds and could be used on any campus. The particular form of statement of each rule, however, is adapted to Purdue’s deferred and highly controlled system of co-ed rush. 1. Don’t set your heart on one group and refuse to consider others. All sororities are built on the same general basis and to set your aim for one and only one is to invite disappointment. 2. Choose the groups in which you like the girls best. Groups change—and the house that once suited your mother, sister, aunt, cousin ,or best friend, may not suit you. 3. Beware of the girls that knock another sorority or start whispering campaigns aimed at another group. 4. Plan to reach every house on Saturday even if you are wearing high heels and don’t like tea. This is very important. 5. Don’t talk too much or be too important —just be natural. Do not push yourself. 6. Say goodbye to the housemother at each sorority you visit. The actives notice such little evidences of good manners. 7. Keep your poise and your sense of humor. Remember, rush is a trying experience for everyone. 8. Confine the hours of rush to those assigned to it. Your studies are pretty important, too, and post-rush-party bull sessions will keep you from your books. 9. Remember that preference invitations are a strong indication of a desire to pledge —but it is not the actual promise. Be carefjul of your choice and of your manners at tb'is important dinner.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative -1120 Madison Ave. new York, N. Y. CHicASO • Boston • Los Angeles - San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief I. Stanback Business Manager.... ! ...R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A, Kroeplin, D. G. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .— W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherpr National Advertising Manager — ....H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director —.D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. ^ .....Sally McKee Associate Editors - ......_ Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. ....R, L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth' Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Patterson Saturday, October 1, 1938 That’s all of the suggestions ^et down by Dean Stratton, but we’d like to add just one more to make the total an even ten. 10. Be square with those rushing you. Trumped up excuse, conflicting promises, and other forms of hedging only serve to lower you in the estimation of critical upperclasswomen. The truth will command far more respect.
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL LOO a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—Choral eucharist and sermon. Young People’s Fellowship. 6:00 p. m.—Supper. 7:00 p. m.—Program. WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class, led by Dean M. I. Fisher. 10:45 a. m.—Church service, communiort, message, “Why I Attend Church.” Right hand of Christian fellowship will be given to affiliated student members. 5:30 p. m.—Social hour. 6:30 p. m.—“Is War the Way Out?” Russell knee, leader. 7:30 p. m.—Evening services. WEST LAFAYETTE METHODIST 8:00 a. m.—Freshman breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—^Sunday school. Louise Clark will teach the co-eds. T. K. Noss w'ill teach the men. 10:45 a. m.—Special student communion service. cents. 6:30 p. m.—Purdue Epworth League. “The Problem of Being a Christian at Purdue.” Speakers Dorothy Holden, Dick Housekeeper, Alice Breitweiser, and Jean Plummer.
10:40 a. m:—“Forget,” Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30 p. m.—Student Vespers. 6:00 p. m.-—^Social hour and supper. 6:45 p. m.—Round Table, “War and the Christian’s Conscience,” Rob- , ert Belcher. ' 9:30 a. m.—^^Discussion group under Dr. Graves. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship and Holy Communion. 6:00 p. m.—Student evening forum at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz street,
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
CHILDREN’S CLASSES IN BALLET, TAP AND BALLROOM DANCING OPENS TODAY ADULT BEGINNER’S ballroom CLASS Mon., Oct. 3, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150
WBAA To Present First Of Jones Family Plays Today “The Clock Struck Three” will be the first in a series of Jones gram. This afternoon the program is scheduled for 1 o’clock. Nota Misner heads the cast as Mrs. Jones. Others taking part are Pat Heine, Dick Pittenger, and Ira French. , The story deals with the late arrival home of youngsters after their Saturday night dates.
COREENE REIFER, one of the freshman town girls, is going about the campus saying that nothing will get in this column about her because she is not one of those sub rosa girls. All that we can say, COREENE, is that if you are going to be that way you’ll find life a very dull existence. We think that the award for the typical political smile should be given to Beta “Bottle” EDWARDS. The definition of a typical political smile is one that flashes across one's face at the slightest sign of an approaching person. We understand that the sorority girls have been going over to the Residence Halls to see their old classmates of last year. Of course it never occurred to the girls that they could speak to a couple of the freshmen co-eds on their way through the halls. Speaking of the soi’orities, we understand that sorority Rush Week will be teed off with a tea or two today. The idea is for. you freshmen to get around and get all that you can, because once you’re landed it’s “Katie bar the Door.”
“Maybe we oughta let Kelly run with the ball—his class voted him ‘most likely to succeed’.”
Stores are featuring those new ’38 razors-—^it’s your last clhance girls the stock is running low. Be modern and do your rushing with the latest utensils. It seems there are now two Dorothy Millers on the campus. The one described in yesterday’s column was NOT Chi 0 Dorothy Miller. When seen yesterday Chi 0 Miller was taking an awful beating unjustly. Just a case of mistaken identity, we’re sorry. We don’t know which it is, the eds or the co-eds who like to chew gum so much, but Chris the Union jani-
tor says there is entirely too much chewing gum being put on the ballroom dance floor. We think there are enough punk dancers, now without gumming up the works furtheiv Highway Men Plan Road School For January 23-27 At a meeting of the Indiana State Highway Commission last Saturday, tentative plans of holding the annual road school here at Purdue during the week of January 23 to'27, were revealed.
' L)'I—
^poijtA
Saturday^ October 1, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Purdue Meets Pittsburgh In Cross Country Meet Today
Butler Grid Squad Looms Impressive With Fast Charging Backs And Linemen Any fan with the thought of Butler being a setup club for a pre-season practice session would soon reverse his opinion after taking a look at the Bulldog’s last season’s scores and a glimpse
of this season’s squad.
Last season the Bulldogs played an eight game schedule, losing two contests and winning six.. The initial fracas of the season was lost to Purdue and the last game to Western State. In the other six contests the Hinkle coached team played they scored 122 points to their opponents’ zero. About the only noticeable loss to the ranks of the Indianapolis team was the graduation of last season’s captain, Inman Blackaby, one of the best allround athletes in college competition last year. Harding, Broderick Star Although Tom Harding, speed merchant Halfback, finds the spotlight of almost every Butler con-
test, the steady play of Captain' Chuck Broderick is seldonl overlooked by those fans who can pick out team leadership and excellent
blocking.
A leader on defense in the Bulldog line is a fighting Irishman, Bill Connor, who far overbalances his lack of weight for the position by his aggressiveness. Bill was chosen on several of the Indiana all-state college teams last fall and underweighs Morningstar about eighteen
pounds.
Melvin Vandermeer, tackle, is one of the best chargers in Indiana and mid-Western football, supplying the necessary spark in nailing an opponent back for losses. He also excells in rushing kickers.
READING EFFICIENCY is one of the important factors determining your ability to learn, and the rapidity of learning. IF you have reason to believe you are not visually efficient by all means get the Tacts, as it can well be the difference between success and failure in the acquirement of an education.
Dr. A. E11Z9 Jr. OPTOMETRIST 607 Main Street
In the Union JhsL
fioom. m If you want ^ood, J'Ood, in QjjuuiL SuMoJundinqJL at fimMfiahisL Pjucsa, in effect for both and (DimuUi, try JhsL (^hsLiinid dioom, on the Second Floor in JhsL fiiVvdwL TthimouaL lAnwfL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Face Bulldogs At Indianapolis Today
New Outdoor Course Pains Feet And Feelings Of Panther Squad, Coach “That’s the toughest cross country course I’ve ever seen!” Coach Olsen panted yesterday afternoon after covering the four miles of cross country path through the ultimate in nature’s beautiful scenery, rock formations, and forests in Hills and Dales.
f
♦ ♦♦•choice
Both Gene Britt, left, and Jim Maloney, right, were .used only as replacements last year, but both proved themselves in' the Detroit game last Saturday. Gene is filling one of the end positions left vacant by graduation and Jim will see action^at a guard post tomorrow against Butler.
Cubs Tie Cardinals 7-7 To Move To Within Two Vidories Of National League Pennant ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 30.—The Chicago Cubs moved to within two victories of the National League championship today, as they tied the St. Louis Cardinals 7 to 7, while the Pirates were splitting a twin bill at Cincinnati. The Cubs used Carleton, French, and Bryant on the mound while the Cards used Warneke, Shoun, McGee, and Davis. The Bruins touched the St. Louis pitchers for 13 hits. St. Louis pounded out 18 hits, but brilliant fielding by Phil Cavaretta kept the Cards from scoring more than seven runs. The game, which was called at the end of the ninth inning on account of darkness, will bb played as a part of a doubleheader tomorrow.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• jewelers
"C" CARTER for j<eys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Bookstores
DR. A. M. IRION
"DEAC"
DENTIST
Everything for a
119y2 Vine West Lafayette
College Education
Phone 4965
H. G. REiSNER
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
If you are one of those unlucky souls who was blessed with Saturday classes at registration.. .. don’t think that sleeping sickness has suddenly struck Purdue if you notice a decided decrease in the number of your cohorts who are supposed to be in class today too . . . they’re probably just some of the 1400 Boilermakers who will be on their way to Indianapolis while you are sleeping in class. —felt will definitely be an upset today if Purdue does anything but win, but football games are just like women . . . you can’t trust ’em . , . Nearly all of the noted sport’s writers who vie for dubious honors by prophesying game scores give Purdue the decision by from one to four touchdowns. . . —fc— Remember when the highly touted “Ozzie” Simmons came here in 1935 and after trying all of his running tricks finally ended up with a yardage gained of minus 24 . . . Today’s Butler game carries somewhat of a parallel . . . Tom Harding, colored Bulldog flash, is liable to run up against such tough opposition as “Butch” Loebs and the boys gave Simmons three yeap ago. ... It is rumored around that some of this year’s crew is out to see that Harding soon gets discouraged as far as ground gaining goes. —fc— Ted Tycocki and Mike Byelene are two sophomores of particular promise who are slated for action today . . . Byelene proved his worth by figuring in two touchdowns in the Detroit fracas and Tykocki has been showing good form in practice this week.
Dlsen just brought his University of Pittsburgh cross country runners to Lafayette yesterday to look over Coach Hermon Phillips’ new course before the Panthers had to run against the Boilermakers in the meet which starts at 10 o’clock this morning. Panthers Try Course Olsen and seven Pitt cross country men started out on the course shortly after arriving, in high spirit, but from the first long hill to the end of the course comments came forth, mostly longing reminiscences on the part of the Panthers of courses which they had run before. While all this went on there was ^ one exceedingly happy man in the crowd. Boilermaker Coach Phillips .turned around every quarter of a mile to ask the Panthor mentor, “How do you like my new course, Carl ? ” after which his chuckle rang out through the woods, resounding against the rocky cliffs, and reverberating among the valleys. The new course is an outcome of the race which the' Boilern[iakers ran in Pittsburgh a year ago, when they traversed the mountains of western Pennsylvania in a lost cause. Bodeau finished first in that race, but the rest of the Gold and Black squad fared worse, and the Panthers v/on the meet. Seven Pitt Men To Run Seven men will run the course for the Panthers today: C. Kopec, B. Kopec, A. Zanborsky, W. Sterner, A. Boulanger.^- F. McCabe, and R. Cogswell. While this course is new for the visitors, the Boilermakers themselves have only run over the distance for time on one occasion. Phillips is going to let all 17 men who are out for the fall sport run today, with Bodeau, Knapp, Marozik. Reeves, White, Fatout, and ' either Bell or Smith counting in the official score.
to C^LiArcL
Student Communion Sunday October 2
-at all churches-
Trench Coats . . .
Campus Suede Pants . .
(Moleskin)
All Color Cords .... Senior or Gray Cords . .
(Slide Rule Pocket)
All Wool Pants . . . $2.98 and up
$2.98 and up . . . $3.98 . . . $2.98 . . . $2.98
Reliable Clothing Co. 224 Main Street
\ \•>
Rozier D. Oilar, University graduate of 1892 and a noted consulting chemical engineer, arrived in Lafayette Wednesday after a fouryear sojoui’n in South America. He arrived in New York on vacation early in September and has been visiting in the east. He is the guest of Prof, and Mrs. E. F. Degering. Oilar, who is employed by the W. R. Grace Steamship lines in the development of vegetable oil refineries and sugar industries in Chile, will return to Vena del Mar, Chile, sailing from New York November 1.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—50 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
Glee Club: Be at Fowler Hall Sunday, October 2, at 3 p. m. in tails. —WORCESTER. Engineer Staff: The following men report to Harris in the Engineer Union office Saturday, October 1, at 1:00 p. m.: Anderson, Denlinger, Day, and Leckie. —TAYLOR.
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll $4.60.
a case of 320-
LARGE WHOLESALE clothing firm desires campus representative; an aggressive, well known student. Big money making opportunity. Write in detail Office 410, 330 S. Wells Street, Chicago, 111.
LOWER FRONT double room. Near campus and village. Single inner springs. 212 Wiggins. QUESTION ?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 13Vixl3% only $3.50 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Monday, October 3, at 7:30 p. m., in room A of the Union. Election of officers and organization meeting. b —HANNAS. Forestry Club: All tickets will be sold by noon Monday, October 3,Ho be credited to the steak fry committee. WiH, the following men report to the general forestry office at 4 p. m. Monday, or send a representative: Nichols, Ginn, Ben Burns, Chomyak, Zuck. —GLAZEBROOK.
Co-ed Union Workers: Meeting Monday, October 3, at 4 p. hi. in the Union workshop. —WILLIAMSON. Modern Dance Group: Practice for both junior and senior groups Monday, October 3, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym, All girls still interested in joining should report at that time. —SICKMAN.
Camera Club: Meeting of the committee members Monday afternoon, October 3 at 4:15 p. m. in the east end of the Union cafeteria. n —DERNER. Roger Williams Club: All those going to Vawter’s Big Rock picnic meet at the West Lafayette Baptist church Saturday, October 1, at 1 ;15 p. m. —WRIGHT.
Co-ed Union, Workers: Meeting Monday, October 3, at 4 p. m. in the Union .office. —STOCKER. Union Sophomores; Report to work shop at 1 p. m. Saturday, October 1. —DEMARS.
Union Room Bids: Bids for special weekly and monthly meetings must be written and handed in at the Union office by Saturday, October 1. —MATTHEWS.
Men’s Archery: Archery every week day at 4 p. m. on the men’s range north of Cary Hall and west of the Stadium. Equipment will be furnished. (10-6) —KINZER.
WAA Tennis Tournament: The following singles games should be played as soon as possible: Fishleigh vs. Thomas, Sheay vs. Stocker,' Holler vs. Himes, Swift vs. Frado, Hirschman vs. Schilling, Horne vs. Pidgeon, Miller vs. Stanely, Spry vs. Biesecker. Results are to be recorded on the WAA Bulletin Board in Memorial Gym. (10-2) —WALKER.
Local Mds
WILL THE PERSON—Who accidehtly took the brown patent-leather purse from the WBAA office on Thursday during the Auditions please return same to office and no questions asked. The purse contained articles valuable only to owner. Reward for return. LOST—Algebra Class, section B. Finder notify John Zuck, Sigma Nu house.
Wesley Players: Second tryouts for all plays Monday, October 3, at 8:30 p. m. Men are needed especially. Tryouts at 436 State street. —McFADDEN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 11, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 254 of the EE Building. There will be no meeting Tuesday, October 4. —CANNON.
’TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Notices
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we
Reamers: All members requested to be present for smoker in reception room of the Union Monday, October 3, at 7 :30 p. m. ^ —MAZUR.
Otoikin^ To Connect, Yet.... It Plays Through Your Radio
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union Tuesday, October 4. —MeINTOSH.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 AH kinds of printing from a calling cai d to a High School Annual
Crown Cleaned Clothes All Over the World From all parts of the Continent young folks come to attend Purdue. For two decades we have heen serving these students with Dry Cleaning Service of the highest character. This long experience is your protection.
Imxi
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TpP OF THE HILL
♦ ♦ ♦
SEE IT —HEAR IT You needn't take our work for it — come in and hear this amazing attachment. No wires to connect into your radio. Ready to play in two minutes. Enjoy it with these Popular Artists • Goodman • Kyser • Dorsey • Norvo • Kemp • Clinton • Crosby • McCoy • Lombardo 1 • Heidt Hear the latest records in our Private Record Booths
Off to Butler
Off to another brilliant game . . ♦ ... so, we’re again wishing the team and you Purdue followers a successful
i
Saturday afternoon at Indianapolis. PHER ANDERSON GARAGE
Swing out at
McLEAN MUSIC CO.
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
514 Main St.
Phone 7917
Debris Senior Picture Sitting Will Begin Monday
Photographers from Dexheimer-Cariton Studios, Indianapolis, will begin taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, at 8 a. m. Monday. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting. Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior
report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. As an added accommodation to seniors, 50 prints of each picture on regular Debris paper will be available at cost of 25 cents. These pictures will be the same size as those in the book. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken..
MONDAY, OCTOBER 3
1 1 :00—Baker, S. E.
3:1 5—Bryant, Dorothy
8:00—Abbott, R. B.
1 1 :05—Banning, J. W. 1 1 :10—Batey,, C. W.
3:20—Buckalow, Kathryn L. 3:25—Burnell, Mary
8:05—Ainslie, R. G.
. 1 1 ;15—Beck, T. G.
3:30—Burton, Frances
8:10—Ainsworth, F.
1 1 :2Q—Benner, C. J.
3:35—Buall, Ramad L.
8:15^—Anderson, E. 1.
1 1 :25—Berkheiser, H. A.
3:40—Busch, L. S.
8:20—Anstrand, C. J.
1 1 :30—Berry, J. M.
3:45—Byers, W. H,
8:25—Aram, N. W.
1 1 :35—Binnie, R. R.
3:50—Call, W. B.
8:30—Aschaver, J. H.
1 1 :40—Blanton, G. A.
3:55—Bremman, H.
8:35—Ashkenag, S.
1 1 :45—Bolton, J. W.
4:00—Brooke, B. A.
8:40—Alden, C. J.
1 1 :50—Bouman, 0. H.
4:05—Brown, J. S.
8:45—Asbury, W.
1 :00—Avery. Martha Ann
4:10—Buchanan, C. L.
8:50—Aull, R. J.
1.05—Aronson, M.
4:15—Buckles, R. A.
8:55—Ahrens, F. C.
1 :10—Bahler, D. R.
4:20—Bull, C. G.
9:00—Armstrong, L. E.
1 :15—Bali, Joe
4:25—Bunovick, M. A.
9:05—Arnold, C. D.
1 :20—Behrends, H. N.
4:30—Camp, C.
9:10—Ash, W. E.
1 :25—Blickenstaff, E. F.
4:35—Camp, R.
9:15—Bailey, D. A.
1 :30—Bliss, H. C.
4:40—Caracciolo, J. V.
9:20—Barbeg, L. J.
1 :35—Bailey, Jean F.
4:45—Cassity, R.
9:25—Baske, R. A. 9:30—Baunshlog, H.
1 :40—Bauer, Mary Jane 1 :45—Beebe, Leoine B.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER
9:35—Bentley, D. R.
1 :50—Benton, Eleanor
8:00—Adamec, S. F.
9:40—Binnie
1 :55—Blank, Virginia
8:05—^Anderson, R. L.
9:45—Brill, W. D.
2:00—Ballord, J. 0.
8:10—Atchley, K. L.
9:50—Burkhardt, J. B.
2:05—Baker, Constance Jane
8:1 5—Baase, F. C.
9:55—Askrew, L. T.
2:10—Beilke, Florence C.
8:20—Bailey, J. W.
10:00—Ayasrm, N.
2:15—Bloss, Beulah
, 8:25—Bank, C. J.
10:05—Baldaug, C. N.
2:20—Bolyard, Ruth G.
8:30—Bender, P. L.
10:10—Barker, J. E.
2:25—Bower, Eileen G.
8:35—Best, J. W.
10:15—Baugh, H. M.
2:30—Bratton, Ruth E.
8:40—Billman, L. S.
10:20—Baumrucker, J. E.
2:35—Bossong, R, J.
8:45—Beemer, Jeanne
10:25—Bayneo, E. L.
2:40—Bowden, D. W.
8:50—Albright, G.
10:30—Beaumont, R.
2:45—Brown, A. D.
8:55—Bataille, J.
10:35—Bline, D. F. 10:40—Bonebrake, J. R.
2:50—Bruner, P. G.
9:00—Binford, W. W.
2:55—Burkholder, R. C.
9:05-—^Bonewit, H.
10:45—Brevoort, J. M.
3:00—Burton, C. E.
9:10—Boothby, W. B.
10:50—Brumfield, P. E.
3:05—Breitwieser, Alice L,
9:15—Bproviak, L. C,
10:55—Allemang, P. V.
3:10—Brown, Ernestine L.^
9:20—Botney, A.
9:25—Brown, C. W. 9:30—Brown, G. W. 9:35—Brown, C. W. 9:40—Buck, R. H. 9:45—Bushong, R. J. 9:50—Carr, R. J. 9:55—Case, P. W. 10:00—Bacharach, S. S. 10:05—Baker, J. D, 10:10—Bayles, G. M. 10:15—Becker, J. C. 10:20—Bell, M. 10:25—Berkheiser 10:30—Blitz, D. 10:35—Bodeau, A. 10:40—Booth, D. E. 10:45—Bowles, H, G. 10:50—Bradley, E. E. 10:55—Briscoe, W. F. 1 1 :00—Blocker, Marjorie 1 1 :05—Byers, Marie 1 1 :10—Carson, Martha 11:1 5—Cleveland, Jary 1 1 ;20—Calven, Gertrude I 1 :25—Bennett, C. A. II :30—Brown, J. j. 1 1 :35—Bryant, R. j, 1 1 :40—Buechler, R. I 1 :45—Burroff, R. L. II :50—Carbonagi, T. D. 1 ’.00—Bentley, D. R. 1 :05—Blaker, L. G. 1 :10—Bosshard, J. W. 1 :15—Bowers, C. H, 1 :20—Bredewater, A. J. 1 :25—Bredewater, A. R. 1 :30—Burkhardt, H. E. 1 ;35—Calderbank, J. J.
1 :40—Baker, Martha 1 :45—Abel, Elizabeth 1 .’50—Callison, Mary I :55—Conver, Helen 2:00—Cook, Colleen 2:05—Dahl, Julia 2:10—Dawson, Helen 2:15—Dicks, Margaret 2:20—Dobson, Barbara 2:25—Doty, Elizabeth 2:30—Dray, Hildred 2:35—*Dunn, Phyllis 2:40—Butler, D. S. 2:45—Cameron, D. D. 2:50—Campbell, C. W. 2:55—Caracciolo, j. V. 3:00—Carr, E. D. 3:05—Carr, W. J, 3:10—Castino, J. VV. 3:! 5—Chapp, H. J. 3:20—Chew, L. W. 3:25—Caldwell, Florrie 3:30—Clymer, Johanna 3:35—Driscoll, Betty 3:40—Eastburn, Frances 3:45—Elstun, Betty 3:50—Everhart, Dorothv 3:55—Blow, Lois 4:00—Arnold, Carl '^:05—Barsha, W. B. 0—Beck, J. E. 4:1 5—Bergdolt, V. E. ■4:20—Bergsma, J. C. 4:25—Bosco, G. B. 4:30—Bowen, J. D. 4:35—Bowne, H. M. 4:40—Boyer, H. C. 4:45—Bradley, K.