lU JV^iitpr ^ To Address Lions Banquet Everett S. Dean To Be Principal Speaker;
Tickets Pricedi At $1
Everett S. Dean, coach of .Indiana University’s crack hardwood five, will be the principal speaker at the annual Lions Club banquet in honor of Purdue’s basketball squad and Coach Ward Lambert to be held m the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 o’clock Wednesday evening. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the University history and economics department, will act as toastmaster for the evening. Letter awards to the 1936 squad and the election of the captain of the 1937 quintet will be announced by Coach Lambert. Ahnouncement will also be made of freshmenrvarsity avrards and outstanding yearling candidates will be introduced to the gathering. A rapid advance ticket sale has been reported with indications pointing to a capacity attendance at the gala event. Tickets, priced at a dollar, are available at Deck er’s, Southworth’s, or Deac’s, and can also be obtained from Lions Club members or at the Memorial Union desk.
Play Date Set For March 20
V. G. Mereditti Gliib Plaits Style Skew
spring fabrics, made up in the newest fashions, will be shown at 4 o’clock Monday in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building, in a style show sponsored by the Virginia C. Meredith club. The exhibition is an annual affair, given by the McCall Pattern Company.
McCall’s will use their own models in the demonstration of the chic
clothes for spring.
SAE Essays Due April 6
Papers Will Be Accepted In Place Of An OntsideTkeme FerEnglisli
First Work Of Fulton OurslerProdueed Mere
Playshop will present the third production of its current season, “Behold This Dreamer”, Friday and Saturday, March 20 and 21, in Duncan Memorial Hall. According to Gilbert Dunbar Williams, who is directing the play, “It is one of the most successful show's I have ever produced.” Written by Fulton Gursler, a former newspaper man and successful Broadway playwright, who is known for his satiric wit, this show scored a hit at the Cort Theatre in New York, where it made its first appearance. It is the first time any of Oursler’s work has been produced in this city, since only recently have production rights been available for other than professional organizations.
Through a cooperative arrangement with the University English department, papers prepared for submission iri the essay contest, sponsored by the Purdue .student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will be accepted in th^ place of one outside theme in regular class work, it was announced last night by the committee in charge. Essays submitted as themes before being entered in the contest will be“ graded in regular form and credited as an outside theme. The definite date for the closing time for entries in the contest has been set as Monday, April 6, at 4 o’clock, before which time all essays must be turned in at room 6, Mechanical Engineering Building. Seven Prizes Seven different prizes, offered for papers of not more than 3,000 words, of either a technical or popular nature, will consist of one year enrolled student memberships in the Society of Automotive Engi neers. The memberships carry with them a one year’s’ subscription to the Journal of the S. A. E., the right to attend meetings, and the use of all the various bureaus, including the personnel and employment bureaus. The choice of subject will be left entirely .to the individuals, the only stipulation being that the paper must cover some phase of the automotive field, In awarding prizes, the papers will be judged on content and composition.
Senoiir Fiineral Services Today
Ben F. Betts Wins Six-Gaiion Hat On Marriage Bet
For want of a wife a hat was lost: , Ben F. Betts, public relations advisor to the Purdue Housing Research Project and Better Homes in America, is the proud possessor of a six-gallon hat today as the result of winning a wager from “Speed” Simmons, cowbody of Mountain View Ranch, Cowles, New Mexico, who thought enough of his wooing prowess to bet that he would be married within one year period, although he had no definite prospect in sight. Simmons made his rash wager during a supper table fanning bee, as the boys were discussing the feminine sex. In a rash moment, he declared that he thought marriage was a “swell idea” and intended to leave the state of single blessedness within a year. Betts, true to his name, grabbed the chance for a wager, and Simmons promptly accepted, recording the time limit, one year, and the penalty, one hat, in his little book. Simmons ardor evidently cooled off during the winter months, for the year passed with no change in his status, and true to cowboy..honor and tradition, he paid the bet with the best hat he could buy.
Funeral services for William H. Senour, 76, representative of the dairy association on the advisory board of the agricultural experiment station and a member of the University institute speaking staff for the last 25 years, will be held this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock at his home in Brooksville. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the University dairy department will attend the services. Mr. Senour died recently at his home following an illness of several months. He was widely known in state and national affairs.
Little Hope ForRondeauSays Doctor
Earl W. Rondeau, a freshman in the school of engineering, who has been a patient at St. Elizabeth’s hospital since Monday night suffering from a self-inflicted bullet wound in his abdomen, is slowjy losing ground in his fight for life. Dr. R. G. Ikins, attending physician, said last. night. “His failure to rally to any great extent since the accident is slowly undermining his resistance,” Dr. Ikins said. His pulse was irregular all day and a, general relapse was noticeable. His parents arrived Wednesday- from Whitehall, New York, and have been at his bedside constantly.
■Jiuami© “Piggy” Liimceford and his “New Kings of Syncopation”, who will play tonight for the regU' lar weekly mixer, to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock, at the regular price. Lunceford, believing that composers seldom offer real works of merit, endeavors to break away from the traditional and “hot” renditions Of the typical “dark town band”.
Play Ducats Still Available
Cast Rehearsliig Dally For Union Production
Plan Red Cross Course Here
10 Day First Aid Training To Start Mar. SO
Inaugurating a new service that will make it possible to train individuals from the major communities of Indiana to become Red Cross instructors qualified to give standard and advanced courses in first aid, a ten-day intensive training course for first aid instructors will be held at the University from March 30 to April 10, it was announced yesterday. The new course, the first of its kind to be held on a state-wide basis, will be sponsored by the Public Safety Institute of the University, and the first aid and life saving division of the American Red Cross, with , the Tippecanoe county chapter of the American Red. Cross, the Student Health Service and the division of physical education for men cooperating.
Although many reservations have been made, there are still several seats available for the Student Un ion production, “Carmita”, to be presented in the Mars Theatre Sat urday, Mai’ch 14. A few tickets are available at the Union desk at 50 and 35 cents and those reservations which have been sent in must be called for before Monday. The show;, a Mexican romance with the setting on the Rio Grande, has been in rehearsal for a little over a month. A mixed chorus made up of 8 girls and 8 boys present a specialty number called the Indiana Sun Dance. The pony chorus, composed of 14 girls, also has a prominent part. Tap dancing, a tango arrangement, and unusual Spanish dances all blend smoothly into the evening’s entertainment.
minois Graduate Succeeds S. M. Walford
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity announces the pledging of J. H. Deckert, Chicago, and G. E. Price, Fowler.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 14. Cancellation cards may be obtained from tW heads of departments. Inese cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the registrar’s oflSce. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
F. W. Hinnersy of Equality, 111., a 1934 graduate of the University of Illinois, has been appointed s a poultry extension specialist on the agricultural extension staff of the University to succeed S. M. Walford, who has gone to a hatchery at Wallingford, Conn. Hinners has made a special study of poultry while in Illinois and has dqne much poultry development work with both bOys and adults since he has been teaching. He will conduct the extension work in the southern part of Indiana.
Wesley Foundation Holds Skating Party
Wesley Foundation members held a skating party at Maple Point rink last night with Dick Helmuth in charge. Group skating was featured . and refreshments served. Busses carried the skaters to and from the rink.
Elliott^ Kessler, LambertPlay Last Game At Ann Arbor
By D. F. Mull Coach Ward “Piggy’’ Lambert, ace hardwood mentor of the Big Ten, departed yesterday afternoon for Ann Arbor with twelve members of the Boilermaker net squad where they will meet the rangy Wolverines in their final game of the season. The game, which is scheduled to start at 7:30 p. m., E. S. T., or 6:30 o’clock Lafayette
Reports on the Purdue-Mich-igan game tonight will be sent by wire to the Exponent office on Fifth Street after every ten minutes of play by an Exponent representative attending the game. Anyone desiring to obtain results may telephone the office between the hours of 6:45 and 10 tonight.
steer Stammering Session Stops Stuttering Students
The fourth of the series of Friday afternoon lectures to assist stutterers was delivered to a mixed audience of college and high school students last evening by M. D. Steer, head of the University speech clinic; who discussed the relation of stuttering to handedness. Next week Dr. Trimble, of the psychology depairtment, will be the guest speaker and will speak on “Emotional Adjustments”.
Scabbard And Blade Pledges
Twenty - Six Irsducied Into ROTC Honorary Preceding Dmwe
time, is expected to be one of the best net battles of the conference season. Purdue will be fighting to return to the first place position in a tie with Indiana, while Michigan, apparently rounding into top form as shown by its last two victories, has high hopes of gaining an undisputed claim to third place.
If
If the Boilermakex’s win tonight it will be their third successive year to share in the conference title and the first time in the last decade that Purdue has been tied for the leadership by another conference team more than two years in a row. We Say “Adieu” Three seniors will be playing the last game of their intercollegiate hardwood careers tonight and are expected to lead the way in the drive for Purdue’s eleventh conference victory. They are Bob Kessler, captain and All-American forward; Austin • “Red” Lambert, fighting (Continued on page 3)
Book Contest
Closes Today
Today is the deadline for seniors to make entries in the $100 prize Winterrowd Library contest. Many seniors seem to be under the impression that their collections are too small, but, according to Dr. Creek, .chailrman of the judging committee, the entries are to be judged on knowledge contained rather than size. Any member of the faculty committee in charge of the contest will receive entries.
PM Department To SSiow Heat Treating Films
The fourth in the series of practical mechanics moving pictures will be shown Monday and Tuesday at 4 o’clock in Michael Golden Shops. The film relates to the more common materials and methods of pui’ification used by ihe engineer, whereby greater strength, hardness and toughness may be obtained by different processes of heat treating.
Sectional Scores
Afternoon Games Jefferson 35—West Point 28. Montmorenci 39—Monitor 19. West Side 32—Jackson Township 22. Night Games Wea 21—Buck Creek 20 (overtime). Score at end of regular playing period, 18-18. Jefferson 61—Clark’s Hill 12.
School Plans Diesel Exhibit
Scabbard and Blade, honorary military organization, announced the following pledges at its annual formal dance last night, held in the Union ballroom: J. E. Anderson, J. F. Brubaker, R. L. Burkhart, W. S, Chancellor, D. H. Farquharson, R. A. Hartman, W. T. Hooper, G. iddles, R. M. Kelley, R. E. Johnson, C. L. Klaiber^ E. P. Kreps, L. F. Lischer, M. E. Love, W., F. Luginbill, F. Milney, J. J. Murphy, D. C. Parsons, N. J. Pultz, W. I. Spitzler, R. R. Stewart, F. G. Wahl, E. W. White, W. E. Winter, P. C. Wray, J. W. Wright. The following faculty members were selected as associate pledges: Prof. R. C. Corley, Prof. H. W. Gregoi-y and Captain E. V. Holmes.
Marital Talks
Plans for a conference on Diesel engines, to be held at the University on Thursday and Friday, Mar. 26-27, under the direction of the school of mechanical engineering and the department of engineering extension, were announced yesterday by Prof. W. A, Knapp, assistant dean of engineering. The conference will open Thursday afternoon, March 26, with an exhibit of tractors, trucks, and other Diesel-powered units on display in the laboratories of the Mechanical Engineering Building. This will be open, to the general public as well as conference attendants. Friday, the closing day, will'be devoted to a series of addresses by nationally known authorities on various phases of the rapidly developing Diesel industry.
Climaxing the seyies of marital lectures for senior co-eds, Dr. Theodora Wheeler, Winhetka, 111., and Dr. R. Gerard, of Chicago, will address groups in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock next Tuesday and Wednesday, respectively. Dr. Wheeler’s lecture, which will concern “Hygienic Marriage”, was originally scheduled for last Tuesday but was postponed on account of the illness of the lecturer. Dif. Ghrard will discuss “Marriage from a Man’s Viewpoint”.
Sabbagh Speaks Before Cosmo Gliib
Sportswoineii Plan Breakfast At WAA Cabin
All Purdue Sportswomen (will have breakfast at the W. A.V A. cabin, located three and one-half miles west of town, at 8 o’clock tomorrow morning. Each member is to' contribuate ten cents to defray the cost of the breakfast which is being arranged for by Mildred Pitch and Georgia Halstead, All girls who received their “P” monor grams are automatically made members of Sportswomen.
“World Affairs” was discussed by Prof. E. M; Sabbagh, of the electrical engineering department, before the Cosmopolitan club last evening. Prof. Sabbagh, who was born in Syria and pai’tially educated in Egypt, came to this Country in 1924. After obtaining his degree in electi-ical engineering at Ohia State, he went to Michigan for two years, and came to the University in 1928, He has written a volume on world history as well as various articles on electricity.
Mr. And Mrs. Parks Win Contract Bridge Tonmey
E. B. BAUGH TO DETROIT IL B. Baugli, execative seoretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, will attend a luncheon meeting of the Detroit Alumni club this afternoon at Detroit, Mich.
Mr, and Mrs. Morris R. Park^ were the winners . of the winter series of ■ the duplicate contract bridge tourney sponsored by the Memorial Union, which was concluded this week. Mr. and Mrs. Floyd A. Sterrett were second in the tourney in which , 62 players have participated since last fall. The spring series of tournanients under the same auspices will begin Monday eveniUg with gam^ eack followmg Monday. All faculty members and townspeople inay enter.'W.vV ^’ s I
i Bnrbne exponent
iV:
198M086 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of . i, , . COLIJBGIATS MGES1! ■/.
Menib«r of National Ck>neKe PreM Associatioi^ JBigr Tbn J^torial Association
J^dnsiVeli^ Represented b]^ National Advertising
420 Madison Avenne, New York City
ervice, Inc.
Entered as second class matter at the post office, liafayette, Indiana. Delivered by coall, $8.60 per year; ddivered by carrier, $2,60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Btbsiness Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF „ „ „ Editor.-in.^hief V. HeM« .Managing Editor ...........................;...C. H. C^pbell Associate Editors........ — — ......A. M. Ohasteen, C. BL Hardin, W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walther Sports Editor.. — .N. E. Hays Associate Sports ..4.D. T*. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood SmshOinore Assistants .....:......K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. Manibn, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. E. von Kara Bold and Black Editor — ......—,—......— —v-W. R. AMott
BUSINESS STAFF ™ Businera Manager. ; ;— , A._ K<^h Advdtising Manager.. — H. F. Antonini Advertising Assistants. .................il H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller Circulation Manager.... — —) o, Circulation Assistants —Girard, G. R. Shields
WOMEN’S STAFF Editor_.„:........ - : ^ Joyce Williams Associate Editors. x-— - -Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann , Advertising Manager.......... ; ; .......i-.Josephine Perkins
Saturday, March 7, 1936.
Issue Editor-—M. P. Mamoe.
The Hagood Case
The Purdue Exponent
>' * ^ J.r. L.' ....L ....^ ^ lit/if IT***^*il^ I ..‘'.'...i.''.a...rf erously fowling arb cauveii'
BEWARE PIPI ACTIVES: You are eating ex-lax in your rORs and the coffee is tainted with aluna. I wouldn’t fool you, but j ob, those pledges!
WIMMEN;
They’re all the same Except for name, Or money is the reason. They take our pins Our hearts to win. Then ditch us and call it treason. . . ^ —Jim Beck. Little Audrey’s brother was abducted (thank God), and the family, not being able to find the little devil, was terrified. But Little Audrey just laughed and laughed because she knew the kidnapped every afternoon. .
Prosh: “Why is milk?” Soph: “Dunno! Why?” Frosh: “Be cows!”
When Major General Johnson Hagood wias removed from duty last month following his appearance in December before a congressional committee, a storm of criticism of the action broke out all over the nation. Hagood referred to CCC and WPA appropriations as “stage money’', because, he said, “you can pass it around, but you can not get anything out of it in the end.” According to tlie printed Congressional Record, he was speaking out of turn, as army officers are not ordinarily permitted to question the policies of an administration so publicly and so vehemently. But Senator Byrnes, of the General’s home state, declared that the leading questions which resulted in these statements were deleted by Representative Blanton of Texas, who used his prerogative to revise his remarks to do so^’i Assuming Senator Byrnes’ charges to be true, it is no wonder that cries of “politics” followed Hagood’s removal, since he had been asked to give his personal opinion and chose to contrast army needs against the readiness with which appropriations for the various “alphabetical” agencies are passed. Then later, the War Department sought to justify its acts by pointing to several other instances in which General Hagood had supposedly spoken too freely. However, the lateness of these charges did much to prevent their acceptance at face value. The restoration of Hagood to active service would not in itself mean much, as he was eligible for retirement. But the question of how freely army or other officers may speak is of the utmost impbrtance, as evidenced by the near-persecution of General “Billy” Mitchell, General Smedley Butler, and Rear Admiral Thomas P. Magruder, representing the three branches of the service. Exact definition of the extremes which officers may reach in criticising either the federal government or methods within tlie service would do much to eliminate such instances in the future. But whether the Hagood case is peaceably settled or not, it is likely that the term “stage money” will play a prominent part in the coming campaign. —W. T. H.
JWB.
Saturday, March 7
erously
these- , _ U., 1913. Drink and be gratefali
Rii^k Bental Clinic
PAUL A. BISK
ilill
sftis
Bloomlhgton, ind., Mar. 6,1936— I always mamtain that I i!‘huhg” around Purdue for three years and didn’t see half-dozen “campus beauties”, and then during mid-term registration, on ray last day in town I saw literally swarms of them.
One might take this exhortation ’ in all good faith if it wasn’t for' the odiously flavored water with which Bloomington is blessed. An^ organic chemist might taste it and identify various “aminos” and sundry foreign materials, but a stranger need only drink and then glance up at the huge golden carp that serves as a weathervane on the city hall tb instantly identify i the •flavor.;
ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. Risk
LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schalt4 Bldg^. Phone 6701
Corner 4th and Main
17tli Home Demohstratioh. Agent Takes Position
The big-time social events here are not appreciably more frequent than at Purdue, despite the reputation. However, a more incidehtal social activity has developed major proportions. All the “J^es” congregate in the late afternoon at the Union Commons for a smoke, a coke, and to hear Cathcart’s band which plays for an hour. For crowds, accommodations, and-yood music this place makes the Sweet Shop look like a small closet in the basement—^with no one at home.
Indiana now hhs 17 home demonstration agents, with the apppiiiG ihent of Miss Christina Peter, of Evansyille, a 1935 graduate in the schpol of home economics at the University, as agent in Dubois County, with headquarters at Jasper. Miss Peter is a former 4-H club member and before entering the University served as secretary in the office of the county agent at; Evansville, gaining much valuable experience in extension work.
... and we thought the DOUBLEMINT award had been forgotten. Come and get it, JWB, you earned it.
Scattered around the campus- are a number of “Joe-joints” at which the various campus bands play for their meals. None of these accommodate less than a hundred and fifty, and they can usually be found filled about 9:30 in the evening.
DOUBLE TROUBLES
O, some may long for the soothing caress
Seper^Salesmen Of The Big Parade
For the apostles of world peace, the past year has carried with it more bitter disillusionment than any other like period since the close of the World War, and “war talk” has run rampant once more among the great nations of Europe. A new generation has been brought to maturity in the world without first-hand knowledge of what war is. Our own government is spending more for armaments than it has ever spent during peacetime, and a new executive statement calls for still further preparation. Walter Millis’ best-selling book, “Road to War”, provides a circumstantial account of the manner in wMcIi our reluctant population was hoaxed into participation in the World War. This epic of profiteering and mass deception, with its portrayal of the irresistible super-salesmanship of the Big Parade, leaves the reader with a sense of helplessness iii contemplation of the educational task involved in the maintenance of peace. There is no profit in minimizing the obstacles in the way of effective peace education. Even if national sanity did not face an unequal battle with a colossal lie machine we would still have to deal with mass psychology. In spite of the propaganda, the boys at the front bear no ill will toward the enemy. Until the '“heat” was turned on before the last war, America respected (Germany as a civilized nation which had made remarkable contributions to science and art. A few atrocious stories in American newspapers can destroy years of “good will” education. Before they can accomplish their aims, the apostles of peace first must educate the public against w'ar propagpda to the extent that maSs psychology no longer will be an important factor in creating wars. —A. M. C.
rorgotten—-By The New Itaiy
Antonio Scotti, beloved opera baritone, went to his final resting place completely forgotten by his native country, Italy. When the great singer, who for more than 33 successive seasons stirred great audiences of music lovers at the New York Metropolitan, was laid in his grave at Naples recently, only four mourners -were on hand. The Italian'press published reports of his death only in the form of paid obituary notices, with money furnished them by two or three of the singer’s loosest friends. All this is especially typical of the present spirit of Italy ■that has sprung from the iron-fisted dictatorial policies of the government. In her mad scramble for power and efficiency in government, Italy has forgotten those thing® for which it was once famous. iShe has forgotten its artists, sculptors, poets, and musicians who are responsible for her reputation of being the greatest cultural center of all Europe. Suppose, for example, that Scotti had been a hard-headed militarist No doubt he would have been paid the highest honors and would have been accorded a great funeral. Had he been a Fascist patriot and a follower of the Black-shirt government, he would not have died in extreme poverty. But no—-Scotti was an artist. Scotti was entertaining rather than overpowering. Scotti was forgotten by the very nation which inspired his genius. —E. H. M.
Of a beautiful virginal lady. But the girl I crav^ do the allure possess,. Of a slo-eyed, southern baby. (Cary.) ;_^OR— . Give me a wild girl, broth^r-^- y A girl with lots of sins. A girl who can swear and rip and tear, ’Cause that’s when the fun begins. (Cary.) —Mike.
The righteous might stand aghast at the enoromus amount of time squandered down here by the students in “relaxation”. Certainly Purdue students ordinarily haven’t the equivalent time to spend in the Sweet Shop. But, after all, it is only a matter of where the time is frittered away. One finds here that the better students are not habitual hanger-outers in Joe-joints, just as the Distinguished man at Purdue pushes his lab work to a quick finish and gets away to more pleasant places.
Famous last line; . . . and I wish againI were in Michigan.
Social Briefs
Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity will hold its first formal open house, for alumni, faculty members, and their wives, tomorrow. . —sh-— ..
While pursuing my studies of “county-seat” architecture which is well illustrated by such novel elaborations as the municipal buildings in Lafayette and Bloomington, I observed a drinking fountain on the public square here. It is as pretentious as Lafayette’s pedestal from which flow such health-giving and odorous waters. Above the gen-
Phi Kappa Sigma will entertain guests at a formal dinner dance tonight at the chapter house from 7:30 to 12 o’clock. A penthouse theme is the basis for the decorations, which represent a roof garden overlooking tall buildings. Orval Wray’s orchestra will furnish the music. Chaperones include Prof, and Mrs. Trimhle, Mr. and Mrs. Mack, and Mr. and Mrs. Messenger. —sb—; .
Pi Beta Phi sorority entertained their patronesses at a forinal dinner last night at the chapter house. Mrs. G. S. Wykoff, a new patroness, was the guest of honor. Arrange mehts were in charge of Jayne Bennewitz, social chairman.
KEYS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, nig-ht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle, locks a specialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son
209-11 North Fifth Street
Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind,
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all vve do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
AUC LAST TIMES TODAY
BUCK JONES in ‘McKenna of the Mounted”
VICTOR JORY EVELYN VENABLE in
“Streamline Express”
“ADVENTURES OF REX AND RINTY”
MIDNIGHT SHOW SAT. 11:30 “DANCING FEET”'UJ' /•"' ' / 1 ^ ' i*" Tankmen Team Will Make Last Home Appearance On Monday Against H AC Bloomington, Ind., March 6 (Special) — Indiana University’s swimming team submerged the Purdue tankmen, 46% to 37%, in a dual Big Ten meet here tonight. The Hoosier swimmers annexed five first places to four for the Boilermakers, Captain Paul Strack of Indiana and Paul* Vernor of Purdue staged the most spectacular race of the meet in the 220 yard free style event, the Crimson Ace winning by inches in 2 minutes, 25.8 seconds. Other first place winners were Miers, Indiana, in the breast stroke; Kerber, F*urdue, in the back stroke; Vernor, Purdue, in the 60yard crawl; Strack and Curry, Indiana, tied in 440 yard crawl; Klezmer, Indiana, in 100 yard cra^yl; Davenport, Purdue, in diving. Indiana won the Medley Relay and Purdue annexed the Free Style relay.
Hoosier A. C. Monday Purdue’s swimmers will make their last home appearance of the season Monday night at 8 o’clock in the Memorial gymnasium pool when they will tackle the Hoosier Athletic Club,'of Indianapolis, in a specially arranged water polo match. The Indianapolis aggregation, which defeated Purdue in a dual swimming meet earlier in the season, has a number of outstanding performers, but the Boilermakers are hopeful of making a strong showing when they match scoring power in water polo.
itJlsLplI'feg^vC'areers'.Toiiight'
Boilermaker stars playing their last game of college basketball competition tonight at Ann Arbor from left to right are: Captain Bob Kessler, Ed Elliott and Austin
Lambert.
Bob Kessler has developed, into one of the greatest forwards in the game under the tutelage of Coach
Ward Lambert. When Bob was unanimously chosen as All-American forward last season he received the highest honor that can be bestowed upon a college basketball player. In the selections so far this year, “Kes” has been chosen on the All-Conference team by the Big Ten coaches. He has been chosen for the All-State team, and Blaine Patten, sports editor for the Indianapolis Star, names Bob on his All-Time-
£D ^JLUOTr-
All-State combination.
Ed Elliott will finish his third year on the Boilermaker squad tonight, when he walkl off the floor at the Michigan gym. Ed’s ability as a center has been proven many times by his participation at the pivot position on the Purdue five The Boilermaker pivot man is one
of the highest scorers on the squad and by merit of his excellent work was chosen on the All-State team. Austin Lambert is another senior ^playing his last game for the Old Gold and Black tonight. “Red” is one of the most competent guards on the squad in the past few years, and in view of his performances during the past season, received several votes for
the All-Big Ten team.
Track Squatl L0avesForIU win ^iiiisli Indoor Dual Me^ Today Purdue’s indoor track squad goes to , Bloomingtdn today to run the last of its dual itteets 'this season. The odds are greatly in favor of Indana as co-captain Moore’s ankle still keeps him out of the running, but several hotly contested races are expected. The Boilermakers stand a good chance of winning the half mile and an excellent opportunity of capturing the short dashes. Stalcup is expected to give Collier of Indiana, a tough run as the Indianian has slowed his dash time by entering the relays. Coach Orval Martin and eighteen Boilermakers will leave here this morning for Bloomington by bus. The line-up is as follows: High Jump—^Abercrombie, Lemen, and Williamson. Shot-put—^Andres, and Gfant. 440 yard dash—^Bluemel, Pifield,
and Lemen.
880 yard dash — Glendenning, Soles and Terhune. One and two mile runs—Goory
and Janos.
Sprints—DeLong, Stalcup and Vaughn-Catt. Hurdles—Shilling and Smith. Pole Vault—McGannon.
Eotiiid of WAA ^
In the first round of the Wl/A'l; intfumumH hadketball st^e robin ionmament, the Kdppae”
Ward 2 emerged vietorfoUS in the games played yesterday. Tim Clfi O’s brere defeated by- Ward 2,27-^ ^ in an exciting, hard-fought game. The score wm tied at the half 1616 and at the end of the third quar- V ter, 21-21. Ward S lost a one-sided ■ game 35-3. The intramural dass t i double round basketball will start j.,: '
next Tuesday afternoon.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP
‘ '4.
Food you like and as you like it.
% ,4^3
Popular Prices
Itii'jj-l'
Women’s Club Plans Program For Husbands Members of Purdue Women’s club will entertain their husbands at a “sports night” in the Women’s Gym at 7:30 Monday evening. Badminton, shuffleboard, and pingpong will be under the direction of six co-ed assistants from the recreational leadership class. As a climax to the affair which is in charge of Mrs. Betty Elrod, a mixed volleyball tournament will be played. Seniors Win Co-ed Volleyball Game, 24-14 In the W. A. A. volleyball games yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock, the seniors defeated the freshmen, 24 to 14. The junior-sophomore encounter was postponed until next week. The next regularly scheduled games will be played Friday.
Purdue Team Wins
Purdue’s five-man billiard team collected 404 points to win the national intercollegiate cue tourney last night. Wisconsin and Cornell, with 350 and 303 points, respectively, placed second and third, while Indiana gathered 241 points for a fifth place. All teams played on their home tables, the scores being telegraphed to Cornell and from th^re to the other schools. Over 50 schools all over the country participated.
PM Kappa Psi’s Win
SPE’s Place Second After all points for the Athletic Carnival had been collected and added, the Phi Kappa Psi team emerged victorious with 96 points. The Phi Psi athletes amassed enough points in two events to win the carnival and in a single event collected more points than any team not finishing in the first four positions. The Sigma Phi Epsilon team, which ran second in the meet, wias a strong contender in the wrestling events, making 27 of their total of 69 points in this event. The Phi Phis collected most of their 96 points in the boxing and wrestling competition, scoring 30 and 30, respectively, in these events. Scoring Basis The scoring of the carnival was based on participation in the different events, one point for each individual entering in the walking race, rope climbing, and tumbling, and three points for the individuals who competed in the wrestling matches, the boxing matches, the 440 yard run, and the mile run; and five points for each team entered in the Silver Derby, tug of war, and relay. In the individual events,, each winning person received three additional points. The teams finishing behind the Phi Kappa Psi team and the Sigma Phi Epsilon team were: Kappa Sigma, with a total of 51 ^points; Beta Theta Pi, collecting 41v points; and Alpha Tau Omega and Sigma Alpha Mu, tieing for fifth place with 34 points apiece.
any scoring records will be broken. However, it is possible for the Lambertmen to shatter both the individual and team scoring records. It will take a total of 48 points for the Boilermakers to break the standing record of 512 points which they set in 1934. In the individual race, Kessler needs only to repeat his performance of last Saturday night in the tilt with Iowa, in which he collected 22 points, to shatter the record of 167 points set by Joe Reiff of Northwestern in 1933. The squad of twelve players that made the trip yesterday follows: Charles Budd, Ed Elliott, Glen Downey, Bob Kessler, Austin Lambert, Pat Malaska, Carroll Mangas, Jim Seward, John Sines, Jewell Young, Bob Smith, and John Bruce.
Former WBAA Entertainers Accept Radio Contract Von and Rex Gallion, the “Aces of Rhythm”, former entertainers over WBAA, University radio stationj liave accepted a one year’s contract with station KWKO, in Springfield, Mo.
Home Economics Auditorium Monday, March 9th 4 p. m.
McCdU Printed PaMem SSSZ
AKE a note that you ha^ a dobs io see f&e smartest fashion show you've seen m amoon! Mannequins wi^ model the costumes have aW been fashioned of the newest 1936 fabrics from our Fabric Section — and patterns from McCa^s important Spring coHectkms. It's thriving to see such smart thw^ — and even more thriHing to know that they're yours few* the sewing. You can make them like a professkma! with the help of McCafl's printed cutting line and pHnted directions.
DIREOTEIS BY MISS CLAIR SMITH McCALL STYLIST
IS FIRST STOP
Because so many things begin or end in the Sw^t Shop, it’s hard not to include this place in your goings around. Your friends are there. Yonr good times are there. You just have to say, “I’ll see you in the Sweet Shop.” DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
.emorial Union “The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of Cotlege Activities*^
MlMonday Night Deadline For Chess Entries Entries for the Student Union chess tournament must he in at the Union office by 6 o’clock Monday liight, according to Jack Ohaver. the tournament is open to all £su»ilty members as wdi as to students. The schedule of play will be made out Tuesday and will be posted ' on the display board just outside of the men’s lounge in the Union lobby.
WBAA
Today . 11:00—“Just Kids.” 11:30-^Montmorency and Jeff High Schotd. 12:00—The Engineer. 12:15—Orval Wray and His Orchestra. 12:30—Frank Hall, News Commentator. 12 ;45—Fraternity Alumni. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:30—E. H. John, Baritone. 1:45—Serpent Trio, Sigma Nu Frat. 2-6—Basketball Tournament, Jeff Gym.
Monday 11:00—American Institutions. Professor Phillips. x 11:16—News flashes. 12:00--Ag Foriim, Leon Todd. 12 :30—Helen DoWnin, Organist. 12 :46—^Athletic Review. 1:00---Home Economics Extension. l:16---Mrs. Irwin Jackson,: Pianist. 1:30—Public Safety. 1:45—Final Markets. 2:00—English 14, Mr. Winch. 2 :50—Musical Album. 3:00—Tippecanoe Grade School. 3 :30—American Legion.
8141 Dial 8141 One "B K Persum , East Side |[5 West Side 25c — Per Couple —25c VARSITY CAB 110 Main St.
Today; Basketball^ Michigan, therOi Gary Club Formal Dinner Datt(». Phi Kappa Sigma Formal dinner danCe. V Mixer, Jimmie Lunceford’s orchestra, ballroom, 9-12 p. m. . Monday -, . x potion pictures, “Iron and Steel” Room 101 Michel Golden Shops, 4
p. m.
4-H Club banquet, ballroom, 6:30
p. m.
Fortnightly Literary Club, dinner and meeting, faculty lounge,
6:30.
Tuesday Kappa Phi Delta Meeting, Education Building, 7 p. m. “Problems of College Exams”, Dr. Judd, Room lOi Education Bldg., 7:30 p. m. Co-ed Marital Lecture, Dr. Theodora Wheeler, Women’s Lounge,
7:30.
Drama Section, Purdue Women’s Club, Rooms 1 and 2, Union, 2:30. Graduate Dames, F a c u 11 y Lounge, 8 p. m. French Classes, Rooms 1 and 2 Union, I;S0 p. m. Art Class, Purdue Women’s club Faculty Lounge, Union, 9 a. m. Religious Council, Rooms 1 and 2, Union, 7 p. m. Wednesday Poultry Club Meeting, Poultry Building, room 204, 7:15. Co-ed Marital Lecture, Dr. R. Gerard, Women’s Lounge, 7:30. Basketball Banquet, Unioft Ball-
room.
A. S. C. E. Meeting, C. E. Bldg, room 201, 7 P* m. W. S. G. A. Mass Meeting, Faculty Lounge, 4. Delta Rho Kappa, Peasant Room Union, 7 p. m. Flying Club, room 1, Union, 7:30
p. m.
Alpha Zeta, room 2, Union, 7. Thursday University Convocation, Irina Skaratina. Fowler Hall, 8 p. m. Reception, Faculty Lounge, After Convocation, New Entomology Society^ Ag Hall, room 13, 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society Shops 7 p.m. A Ch S, Chem. Bldg., Room 106, B. L. Clarke, 7:30 p. m. Winter Course Society Meeting, Ag. Hall Assembly room. Senior Employment Lecture. Dx'. Gilbreth, Fowler Hall, 4 p. m. Friday Sophomore Cotillion, ballroom, 9-1, Ace Brigode’s orchestra. Skull and Crescent banquet, faculty lounge, 6:30. Agronomy Seminar, Room 201 Ag. Building, 4 p. m. G. P. Walker, “The Decatur Sugar Beet Experimental Field.”
BAPTIST students Dean Fisher will teach the Rbgef Williams clui) class at 9:30. 10:30— Sermon by Rev. J. B. Gleason—“I Believe in God as a Fuudamental Fact of Universe”. 6:30^Roger Williams club social hour in charge of Miss Virginia Slocum. 6:10—10 cent lunch. 6:30—Discussion bn “Steps to Create Living”, led by Joan Padgett. 7:30—“A Vital Religion Experience”. All students Urged to be in choir. Orchestra will play. .
PRESBYTERIAN STUDENTS— Morning service of worshiping at 10:46. Dr. Graham’s sermon theme will be “Shall We Be Victims or Free Men?” The large choirus choir under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart, music director of the University, with Charles Schopp, tenor soloist, will sing “No Shadows Yonder”, from “The Holy City”, by Gaull. Student Sunday school at 9:30. Sunday Evening club at 6:30.
FIRST CHRISTIAN STUDENTS—^Student class at 9:30, L. M: Sears speaker. i0:45—Revl J. N. Jessup will speak. 5:30—Christian Endeavor social hour. 6:30— DePauw students will conduct “A Panel on Marriage”.
EPISCOPAL STUDENTS—Why allow a heavy schedule to interfere with your keeping a good Lent? Attend the Studertt Corporate Communion at 8 a. m., followed by breakfast at 10 cents per plate. At 9:30, Bible Study class, with the Rector as leader, will have as its subject “Christs Teachings— The Christian Ethids”. Young People’s Fellowship meets at 6:30.
WESLEYAN STUDENTS—The subject “Amos, the Prophet of Justice” will be discussed at 9:30 in the Men’s Sunday school class. Professor Hadley, the special speaker at Epworth League, held at 6:30, will speak on “The Quaker Religion”. A special Lenten Service will be held on Tuesday afternoon at 4:15. Amy Bloye as leader—subject: “Religion and Life”.
LocaL Consumers’Club To .Organize Credit Union ■ Monday evening at the Wesley Foundation House at 435 State Street, the Lafayette Consumers’ club will hold a meeting for the puirpose of organizing a credit union. The meeting will begin at 8 o’clock and the speaker will be from the Farm Bureau. All those persons who are interested in organizing a credit union are urged to attend this meeting.
Make any style of clothes. Imported and domestic woolens. Best workmanship. H, BEHRENS 126 N. 6th St. Over Kienly’s
'.‘Ill mill Hill... Iti I II , You feel safer in .-.j ^ ‘i
Garments cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by ^ MONITE PROCESS... insured against moth damage for six months, or until cleaned again... No extra charge for this service. Also. Naphtha ar.'Carbidn -'t^t Cleaiiing
FI N E
CL E A N £ R S
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Motion Pictures—^The fourth in the series of practical m^hanics films will be shown Monday and Tuesday at 4 in Michael Golden Shops. .. —HOFFMAN.
Sportswomen—Breakfast and important meeting at the cabin tomorrow morning at 8. Bring 10 cents. —BURKLE.
Union Workers—My committee report to sub-basement at 4 Monday. —QUIGGLE.
W. A. A. Primary—^Primary elections will be held Thursday, March 12, at 5 o’clock. Names of candidates selected by the nominating committee will be published in the Exponent Thursday. W. A. A. members check eligibility to vote frOm the list on bulletin board in Women’s Gym and refer any corrections to Mary Humphreys. Dues for voting priveleges must be paid before the primary. —DUNWOODY.
Women’s Apparatus—All women interested in apparatus work report to Women’s Gym at 4 Monday. —ELLIS. W. A. A- Tumbling—Practice at 4 Monday. —WALKER.
Junior Military Students—^All taking M. T. 6 report to Capt. Hayford on the second floor of the Armory Tuesday, March 10, for inoculation. Uniforms not required. —HAYFORD.
Purdue Glider Club—^Meet in Union at 1. —WOOD.
Urtion Workers—Our committees meet in the sub-basement at 4 Monday. —SHOEMAKER, QUIGGLE.
Union Choruses 1, 2, 3 and Cast—Meet in ballroom today at 1:30. —^ANSPACH.
Public Affairs Committee—Meet in Y. W. C. A. office at 4 Monday. —TEMPLETON.
Orchesis—Important meeting at 4 Monday. Coit, Small, Brewer, Bauer, , Kelly, Humphreys, Pendergrass and Hadley wear black suits. —McKEE.
Conditions in Econ., Hist., and Gov.— Exams for removal of conditions in all courses in history, economics, and government will be held today at 1 in room 313 of the Recitation Building. Applications must be made prior to that time at the history office. —BS'TEY.
Reamers—There will be a rec^tion in the Union Monday at 7. All actiyes are expected to be present. -MILES.
iffCteiiifg
641 Main Sf. Lafayette
You’ll be needing that light coat very soon. Better send it to us now for cleaning and pressing and have it ready to wear.
Phone 3085
American Laundry
AND CLEANING CO.
Co-ed Pictures—-The following groups should report Monday at 4 to the Women’s Gym to have pictures taken: varsity rifle team, fencing group, Orchesis dance club, and all W. A. A. heads of sports. —HAZELTON.
Union Workers-—^Men on my committee report to sub-basement today at 1. - —QUIGGLE. Chicago Professor To Address Faculty Dr. C. H. Judd, of the University of Chicago, will visit the University next Tuesday, when he is scheduled to speak on “Problems of Examinations”, before the faculty Mid staff of the University. The meeting will be held in room 101 of the Education Building, under the auspices of the division of educational reference. The first of a series of talks on Various phases of teaching was given last Tuesday night by President Elliott.
Seating Capacity — 250 Persons Sunday Menu^ March 8, 1936 Serving Hours-^12 M.-3 P. M. ^—5 P, M.-8 P, M.
50c DeLuxe Dinner Minted Fruit Juice Cocktail or Chicken Broth and Barley BAKED SUGAR CURED HAM Spiced Gooseberries CHOICE T-BONE STEAK French Fries ROAST CHICKEN Cornmeal Stuffing Snowflake or Glazed Sweet Potatoes Cauliflower au Gratin or Creamed California Carrots or Buttered Tiny June Peas Perfection Salad French Dressing DeLuxe Hot ParkerhoUse Rolls Choice of Homemade Cake or Pie Ice Cream or Sherbet Apricot Angel Pudding Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
I 40c; ' ■ Dinner No. 2 SPECIAL CLUB STEAK French Fries BREADED VEAL CUTLET Cream Sauce Snowflake or Glazed Sweet Potatoes Creamed California Carrots or Buttered Tiny June Peas Perfection Salad French Dressing DeLuxe Hot Parkerhouse Rolls Apricot Angel Pudding Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
45c Dinner No. 1 BAKED sugar CURED HAM Spiced Gooseberries ROAST CHICKEN Cornmeal Stuffing Snovirflake or Glazed Sweet Potatoes . Cauliflower au Gratin or Creamed California Carrots or Buttered Tiny June Peas Perfection Salad French Dressing DeLuxeHot Parkerhouse Rolls . Apricot Angel Pudding Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
35c . Plate Special CREAMED DICED GIBLE're and Eggs on Toast Points BAKED HOMEMADE MEAT LOAF Tomato Sauce VEGETABL,E PLATE Cranberry Relish Snowflake or Glazed Sweet Potatoes Creamed California Carrots or Buttered Tiny June Peas Perfection Salad French Dressing DeLuxe Hot Parkerhouse Rolls Apricot Angel Pudding Coffee Tea Milk puttermilk
WE CATER TO SPECIAL- PARTIES AND DINNERS ASK FOR MISS KELLEY
Cold Days Ahead Don’t let the calendar fool you into thinking winter’s nearly over. More cold days are ahead. Stocii up now with Korty’s Better Coal.