Rabbi Silver Will Address Cdlivocalioii Jewish Leader, Cleveland, To Speak In Fowler Tomorrow Dr. AbW H. Silver, rabbi of The Temple, Cleveland, Ohio, and spiritual leader of one of the largest Jewish congregatiQns in America, will speak on “Some Aberrations of Our Day”, at the sixth in the series of religious convocations to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow morning a^t 10:30 o’clock. Eabbi Silver will speak from a background of many years’ service as a university minister in several prominent American colleges. He is also ah outstanding civic and social welfare worker, having served on President Hoover’s unemploynient relief commission and as a framer of the imemployment insurance bill of Ohio. The University Concert Choir, tmder the direction of A. P. Stewart, will provide the musical portion of the prograrii with two selections, “Bless The Lord”, by Ippoli-toff-Ivanoff; and “Father, Thy Children Bow In Adoration”, by Sulli-
Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1936 Foreign Artists Will Play At Final Musical Convo
, :f
Dr. Mead To Address ASCE To Speak In CE Build-
ing Tuesday
Dr. Mead, president of the A. S. C. E., will address the University chapter next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Dr. Mead, a graduate of Cornell University and a member of Tau Beta Pi, Chi Epsilon, Sigma Xi, and Pi Kappa Phi, has been with the U. S. geological survey, has been a city engineer and a consulting engineer, specializing in water supply, water power, and
flood protection.
Dr. Mead is widely known for Ms work in writing on water power engineering, contracts and specifications, and hydrology. Dr. Mead’s talk will center around the subject “Purdue and the American Society
of Civil Engineers”.
Art Registry Ends Tuesday Eegistration of all entries in the Student Union art exhibit wilt close next Tuesday evening at 5 o’clock according to an announcement by Ruth Anspach, director of the ex hibit. The registration will take place in the office of the Student Union and the name and type of the piece or pieces must be sub mitted at that time. The work itself must be submitted at the same place by next Thursday.
Judges
The contest here will be judged by Miss Laurentza Schantz-Han-sen, head of the department of applied design, and Mr. L. M. Vallely, mahager of the Union, ten winners being selected. These winners will in turn be entered in the first annual Big Ten art exhibit which will be held at the University of Iowa. The original works will be hung in the upstairs halls of the Memorial Union Building next Thursday and will remain on view for about a week. The winners will be on display in the Union Building at Iowa University from April 27 to May 4, all pieces hung there being awarded an official seal of the Big Ten
exhibit.
Debris Price Rises Today Office Will Be Open ' From 9 To 5 O’ clock; Four Lead In Sales ’ Today is the last chance to buy this year’s Debris at $4.56. As a convenience to those who have not yet made their purchase, the Debris office will be open from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. today. This year’s book has undergone many radical changes in typOgra phy and layout. The staff has broken away Completely from the old formal style to pi'esent a more coL orful, interesting book with more pictures and less waste space. One Today is last chance to buy a Debris at $4.50. Debris office open from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. of the features of the Debris distinguishing it from most yearbooks is a complete index of students, organizations, ^nd activities. Siebenthal, Pforzheimer, Bearse, and Humphreys are leading in sales with competition especially strong. Leading women salesmen are Emily Tubbs, Mary Jean Light, Mary Hammond and Mary Alice Masters. From the three men will be chosen next year’s business
managei’.
For the benefit of organized students, the business staff has been allowing them to have the price of their book added to their house bill, the salesmen then collecting from house treasurers. Anyone wanting a book must order it before March 14, as the publication goes to press at this time and the University will not allow the Debris organization to order more copies than have then been sold.
Ainaiiliel Feuei^aiiii To Bi^g Historic L^O The cello on which the distinguished Austrian cellist, Emanuel Feuermann, will perform when he comes here for the Seventh convocation next Thursday is often called “The Sleeping Beauty’-’. Mr. Feuermann’s cello literally “slept” for a hundred years before he , acquired it. One of the finest examples of the .work of Montagnana, Whb flourished in the early eighteenth century, the instrument was bought in 1815 by an English comitry gentleman. He treasured it as a rare antique, tq be exhibited to honored guests, but not played upon. The cello was passed down to succeeding generations of the family who treated it in the same manner. Eventually financial misfortune overtook them and they were obliged to sell the instrument. It was acquired by Mr, Feuermann. Slept Too Long “It was marvellously preserved and looked like new^ the cellist relates, “but it had slept too long and in the beginning vibrated frightfully. Stringed instruments, you know, are like pearls. They languish unless they are in use. How^ ever, I had faith that this one would regain its original tone. I played on it daily and gradually noticed a steady improvement, until now it has the loveliest tone of any cello I have ever hfeard.” AIEE Honors Dr. Harding Dr. C. Francis Harding, head of the University school of electrical engineering, has been unanimously nominated by the national nominating committee of the Anierican Institute of Electrical ’ Engineers as vice president representing the Great Lakes district, according to word received here yesterday. The official slate of candidates, together with any independent nominees, will be voted upon by the membership at the coming election this spring. Those elected will take office
August 1.
A former member of the staff of the school of electrical engineering, K. B. McEachron, now research engineer for the General Electric Co., has, been nominated as a director. A. M. MacGutchedn, engineering vice president of the Reliance Electric and Engineering Go., Cleveland, Ohio, whose son was recently graduated from the school of electrical engineering, is the official nominee for pjresident.
Nineteen-Year-Old Girl To Give Piano Gems j Petite Poldi Mildner, pianist who, through three crow^ded iseasons^ has maintained the hold she established on her sensational initial tour when she was only sixteen, vpll coine r here for the seventh convocation' next Thursday in connection with her fourth American tour. ^ Off-stage, Poldi—short of Leopoldine—does not look as if she could dash off technical terrifiers like the Brahms-Paganini Yariations. She appears like a very nice, shy young'girl of nineteen—rather than a virtuoso capable of making the most hardened critics gasp with surprise and break into superla-
tives.
Kept Her Head Poldi has kept her head through enthusiastic American receptions because she has been giving concerts, in Europe ever since she was eleven. She was born in Vienna early in the war. Her aunt taught her systematically and by the time she was eight it was apparent that she was a true prodigy. There were many arguments between the -sromlen and Herr Mildner as-to what "Poldi should do then. Though her father was opposed to her becoming a professional pianist, Poldi won and at the age of eleven appeared in public playing a Beethoven sonata. Sensational appearances followed all over Europe and finally arrangements were made td have her come to this country in 1932. ^^Carmita ” Chorus Registers Kick One, two, three, shuffle—kick! One, two, three, shuffle—^kick! And so it has gone for nearly two weeks. Choruses for the Union show “Carmita”, scheduled for Sat-
Edith Gregory
Dr.E.C.Emott Given L.L.D. U., Of Nebraska Confers Honorary Degree
At Anniversary
As one of the highlights of its 67th charter day program commem orating the founding of the institution, tlae University Of Nebraska yesterday conferred the honorary degree of doctor of laws upon Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the UMversity. Dr. Elliott, w!ho received his bachelor of science degree from the University of Nebraska in 1895 and his master’s degree two years later, was the principal speaker at. the anniversary celebration which was attended by a large gathering of alumni and students. His subject was “The Day
and the Dust”.
Chancellor E. A. Burnett, of Nebraska, conferred the degree at the close of the program preceding the singing of the “Cornhusker”. Music was furnished by the University orchestra under the direc-
Edith Gr^ory Named Queen Of May Day Lillian Peterson To Be Maid Of Honor; 7 At-
tendants Chosen
Edith Gregory, ICappa Alpha Theta, has been chosen by a committee to be the Queen of May Day this year. As the maid-of-honor will be Lillian Peterson, Pi Beta PM,, ■while seven other prominent senior women will serve as attendants. These co-eds are Sara K. FoOrman, Kappa Alpha Theta; Helen Hall, Kappa Alpha Theta; Mary Rose Harlan, unorganized; Evelyn Kellenberger. Alpha Xi Delta; Eileen Lamb, unorganized; Mary L. Lustig. Kappa Alpha Theta, and Mary
Luxton, Chi Omega. Three Main Points
The choice of these girls was made on three mMn points, activities, popularity and appearance. In acti-vities the committee considered whether or not the nominee held or had held at any time a major or Minor office in an organization, or was a participant. Popularity included prominence on campus and popularity with both men and women students. Features, posture, and carriage were considered in appear-
ance.
The committee selecting the May Queen and the attendants was appointed by Helen Hall, president of W. S. G. A., and approved by the W. S. G. A. executive board. This committee was composed of Edna Hutson, chairman, R. A. Brayton, Dorothy Kuehn, and E. H. Morris, student members, and D. G. BoW" man. Prof; Elizabeth Mitchell, and Prof. Marian Willoughby, faculty members.
urday, March 14; come to practice. Carl F. Steckelberg and a
fresh and go home stiff.
The pony chorus under Betty Florer has caught on rapidly and is now going through difficult steps without a hitch. They have one number done with top hats and canes which they hope will lay the
audience in the aisles.
University Qiib WiR Hold Meeting
v.
The first meeting of the second semester of the University club will be held on Tuesday evening, February 25, in the Union Building, with dancing and cards to provide the
entertainment, it was announced ^ tion, it can not train men and womlast night.. (Continued on page 4)
brass quartet from the University band, under the direction of William T. Quick. The invocation was pronounced by Rev. Raymond A, McConnell, new pastor of the FirstPlymouth Congregational church.
“Mental Dust Storms”
In speaking of a university education at the celebration. Dr. Elliott mentioned the “mental dust storms” of “disemployment, dependency, debts, demagoguery, and dictatorship.” “As long as the stateuniversity is not capable of studying and teaching, or is not permitted to study and teach scientifically of these virulent diseases of ci-viliza-
University Choir, Eddie Mae Browne To Give Concert
FRESHMAN WOMEN
There will be a meeting of all freshman Union women in the reception room of the Union at 4 Monday. All freshman women interested in Union work are urged to attend;
Violin Soloist Presents Program For ScholarsWp Fnnd Members of the University Concert Choir will present a program in collaboration with Eddie Mae Browne, violin soloist, tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock at the Central Presbyterian church. An offering will be taken to raise a scholarship fund for Miss Browne in order that she may continue her study under Hugh McGibboney, of Indianapolis. . Miss Bi’owne received favorable notice in the South Bend Tribune last week when she was featured with the Concert ,Choir in a concert given at the M. E.; church in that city. The South Bend paper said that “the featured violin soloist in two numbers displayed big tone arid a promising^ technique”. Comments on the choir included “wonderful volume,, without forcing tone quality, even balance, beautiful phrasing and artistic shading—”. The Central Presbyterian church choir is sponsoririg the concert that will be given under the direction of A. P. Stewart, and with J; Robert Hammond, accompanist. The program will be as follows:
Scene de Ballet .............. Mies Browne
..BeroH
Adoramus Te 1.. Palestrina Nunc Dimittis and Gloria............T8chne3koff The Omnipotence Schubert Fierce Was the 'Wild Billow...; Jloble Charlotte Stewart, Soprano Concert Choir lia .Gitana .....Kreisler
Czardas Schoen Bosmarin Miss Browne ly Morning ; The Sleigh A Bowl of Boses Italian Street Song from
......Monti ..Kreisler
.....Speaks ..Koants -Clark*
, Naughty Marietta ..-.-...Herhert Charlotte Stew^ Concert Choir Offering—Organ ■Selection8....Mr. BAmmond
V
Zigeunerweisen Ghost Dance
Miss Browne
Sarasata Ntovy
Threshers To Go On Air Purdue’s Threshing Crew •will take to the air next week for its annual agricultural program, by broadcasting special progi’ams over WLS, Chicago, on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, and over WOWO, Fort Wayne, on Thursday and Friday. The broadcasts will be sponsored by the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association with the cooperation of the two radio stations, the American Potash Insti> tute, National Dairy Products Corporation, Indiana Canners’ Association, and Purdue Agricultural Experiment Station. The broadcasts oyer WLS for the first three days of the week -will be from 12 o’clock noOn to 12:35 daily, while those over WOWO on Thursday and Friday will be of an hour’s duration, from 11:15 to 12:15. Wide Variety A wide variety of agricultural information will be presented duririg the five days of broadcasting with addresses by University staff members supplemented by other outstanding experts in the agricultural field and novelty musical presentations. The music during the WLS broadcasts will be supplied by the Threshing band, while the Singing Porters will be featured on the WOWO programs. Biology Class Rises ToTheOccmion In Biology 1 lectui-e at 8 o’clock yesterday morning. Dean Enders w^s! explaining to the class how seemingly trivial things , often greatly influence a person’s life. Said the Dean, “I know of a case where a young gentleman applying for a job failed to rise to his feet when his prospective employer’s wife entered the room. Because of the job-seeker’s ignorance of that little social amenity, he was not
hired.”
At this point two co-eds walked into the room—late. Without a word every male member of the class rose to his feet and remain^ standing until the two blushiag girls had stumbled to their seats.
I
:il■Illlllll I.
^urbue exponent
Founded in 188S
1986-1986 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of , COtXEGIATE DIGEST
Member of Nationel Colley Frese Association. Big Ten EMitorial Association BxclnsiTcly Represented by National Adrertising Service, Inc. , 420 Madison Atenne, New York City ^
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by man, $3.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; Sold by single copy, 2 cents. ■■ MAIN OFFieK--812 North Fifth Street ' , Business Phone 6088 . Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue UniverBity
Editor-in-Chief..., Managing Editor. Associate Editors,
EDITOKIAL STAFF
..JH. V. Heuser -C. H. Campbell
Sports Editor..
A. M. Ghasteen, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, Ei H. Morris, M, G. Walther .......N- E- Hays
Amociate Sports Editors..;....., ;.. ; ....D., F, Mull, B. H. Walpole, L, D. Wood Sophomore Assistants..... .._....,.K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, K. L. Cribb, A. H. Forsl^, ' C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meachana, C. L. ,Sadler
G. P. Roquemore, R. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHuJ^®
Bold and Black Editor..................-......^;..... ..i W. R. Abbott
Business Manager......... Advertising Manager..... Advertising Assistants..
BUSINESS STAFF , W. A. Koch
.....H. F. Antonin!
...'.:.....rL H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller
Editor.
Associate Editors Sophomore Assistants Advertising Managrer
WOMEN’S STAFF
Joyce Williams ......Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
...Jean Brown, Jean Soehner Marjorie Louis, Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney^ Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
.Josephine Perkins
Saturday, February 15, 1936.
Issue Editor—R. P. Mamion.
Sportsmaiisliip And Bcios When Purdue starts the game with Northwestern tonight, it will be pointing to its seventh straight Big Ten victory for the season and a possible conf erence crown. While the team is on trial on the floor, the student body will also be on the spot in the eyes of those who are anxious to eliminate the unsportsmanlike attitude that has been displayed throughout the first part of the basketball season. A lot of energy will be couped up in the thousands of fans that will crowd the Jeff gym tonight. All of them can’t help in getting the ball through the hoop, so the only other means of letting off steam is through yelling or booing. The latter will give any univiersity a black eye in athletic circles. It takes a real man to support a losing team, but any numb^ skull can boo all night if his energy will only hold out. We felt sheepish after writing “incidences” when “incidents” was intended, until we learned that on Minnesota sheepskins the following words were written: “Know all men
Resents The Weather Fun’s fun, and all that, but there are extremes to which every practical joke may be carried. Old timers who rejoice over their abilities to say, “Why, my boy, when I was your size we used to have winters that were really winters”, can now crawl back in their shells and hibernate until current conditions fade from memory. During the last few weeks, Lafayette has been caught in one of the coldest waves in the history of the city and reports state that it is still far from ended. A few score years from now present-day collegians will be saying. “My boy, you should have seen the great snow of ’36! That was a year that it really snowed. And say, it was really funny when the co-eds used to slide down and get hurt . . . say, son, it was really fun.” Twins: Brisbane and war, Lafayette and ice.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
A Safe Tip For Drivers
(GMllkothe News-Advertiser) The roads are being burned up these days by too many 90horsepower cars driven by 30-horsepower points of view. That’s the analysis of Alfred P. Sloan, Jr., automotive executive, and Mr. Sloan ought to know. He says driving at 60 miles an hour is just as different from driving at 20 as bicycling is from horseback riding; and yoii just can’t express the complications introduced by saying merely that you’re going three times as fast. “I wish,” says Mr. Sloan, “we could alter the scale to designate speeds. Instead of saying, ‘We are driving 50 miles an hour,’ we should say, ‘We are driving at 166 feet stopping distance.’ Then it might be more apparent that if you could see only 100 feet around the turn, you’d slow down to, say, 35 miles an hour and leave yourself a braking margin.” And Mf. Sloan adds the sound suggestion that drivers’ examinations be required everywhere. Then no one could drive who didn’t know what’s what about his car’s performance. We applaud that, too. ; • ■ ^
WAA Emtertems PE Eds At Game Mixer Volleyball, badminton, pirig-^pong, deck tennis, shuffleboard, and darts fui'nished entertainment at the game mixer given by members of W. A. A. last night. Eds majoring in physical ediication were the guests at the affaii;/ which was held in the Women’s gymnasium from 7:30 to 10 o’clock. Tournaments during the evening in the different spprts provided competition and fun. The committee in charge was comprised of Louanna Thompson, chairman, Georgia Halstead and .Virginia Hawkins. Miss Veronica Brady, of the department of physical education, acted as chaperon.
Film Series To Start Monday In Shops ‘‘Lubricating Oils”, the first of a series of two-reel films on subjects relating to practical mechanics, will be shown in room iOl of Michael Golden Shops Monday and Tuesday afternoons at 4 o’clock. Each following Monday and
Tuesday, for five weeks, pictures will be shown, the final film to be accompanied by a lecture from a member of the C. 0. Bartlett and Snow Coi, Cleveland, Ohio, manu facturers of foundry handling and processing equipment. This is the fifth year such a program has been sponsored in the shops.
WRH Entertaiiis Mortar Board Members Members of Mortar Board were entertained at luncheon at the Women’s Residence Hall yesterday noon, as guests of Miss Schleman, who is one of their faculty advisors. Mary Louise Lustig is president of the honorary, and the six other members are : Katherine Dunwoody, Virginia Gobble, Mary Rose Har Ian, Helen Hall, Ruth Maier, and Joyce Williams.
R. E. Williams, E. E. ’34, of Wheeler, was recently appointed to a position of assistant on the editorial staff of Electrical Engineering, according to information I'eceived by Dr, C. P. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering.
An anonymous Valehtiile sighed “Love” to yours fefuly ^ . DISHING THE DIRT / You know more stuff that isn’t se Than anybody that I know. Yours ears would tingle if you knew What others have to say of YOUlU Judge: If I let you out will you promise to let women and whiskey alone? Johnny Matthews: Yes. Judge: Lock him up, he’s out of Ms salad! ; —Contrib. Q: What would happen if Cab Calloway should marry a Chinese ? A: All his childi’en would be yellow cabs. —FETTER. : NATURAL HISTORY ' The buEisiy is A.fammy eass Who doesn’t make A lot of fuss. And tho he’s never Naked bare. He never, never Has a hare. -—rime’n reason, la the Interest of perpetaatiag a new .Purdue, tradition every effort is being made to find cliques back of the May Queen choice. ... and then there was the Me-r chanical Engineer who wanted to take his nose apart to see what made it run. —KAY. Every contribution this week has been sour and therefore we’ll let the MARS double-pass and the DOUBLEMINT prizes go till Monday. “It’s a hard winter when hot water bottles taken to bed with soI’ority girls fr^ze.” —Iowa State. See you at the game ...
Prof® MIIl©r Will Speak To Scout Honorary ^ Professor “Bill” Miller, head of the heating and ventilating option of the mechanical school, will address an open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, Boy Scout honorary society, next Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, according to an announcement made yesterday afternoon by A. L. Sachs, newly elected president of the organization. His subject will be^“Human Engineering” and in it he will show the real benefits of putting into practice the Boy Scout creed. All Scouts enrolled in the University are particularly urged to be present.
TKE TO GIVE UNION MINSTREL PROGRAM. Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity will present the Union cafeteria program tomorrow night. According to the fraternity members, the performance will be a riotous minstrel. The time will be 5:30 as usual.
E. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 564 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merckant Tailor 507 Main St.
CO-EDITS
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION e, G. RBISNEE
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. BISK HAROLD J. BISK LUTHER A. RISK 4<ie Schultz Bldsr. Phone K7M Corner Ath and MaSa
Just like a dream was “Midsuutr mer Night’s Dream”, for it was not strongly connected and was de-^ lightfuiiy hazy as Max RemhaTt yiM^e the amusing, fairy plot 6f Shakespeare’s King and Qifeeii Of the Fairies in connectidn m mor'tals.'
With the aid of excelleht makeup and fine music the actors and actresses, usually seen in sophisticated, tough, scintillating, or clever roles of the present da^ gracefully adapted themselves to this old plot of fairy life, How do the people of modern times like this,? Possibly too much natural dancing. Maybe, but at least it was well done. A good deal of the lavishness was Max Reinhart’s own idea. This-ex-travagant production lifted one far away from the ordinary life of school, dances, and friends through Reinhart’s interpretation of the play and his vivid imagination.
Mickey ' Rooney, child ^tar, was amusing as a mishievous fairy, meddling with the lives of mortals. James Cagney, as a traveling actor trying to make love to big-mouthed Joe E. Brown, dressed in a girl’s costume, furnished a comedy scene that faring laughs after the finish of the movie.—E. C. P.
WBAA
Ibday' 11:00—“Just Kids.” 11 :80—4-H Club Program. 12:00—The Engineer. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. ' 12 ;30—^News Commentator. Frank Hall, 12 :46—Fraternity Alumni. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:30—E. Harold John, baritone. 1:45—-Music. 2:00---Feature for Teachers. Monday 11:00—American Institutions, Dr. Phillips, 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum. Leon Todd. 12:16—Orval. Wray’s Orchestra. 12 :30—Mrs. F. J, Roberts, organist. 12:48—Athletic Reiview. 1:00—Home Economics Extension. 1-:16—Mrs. Irwin Jackson, soprano. 1:30—Public Safety. 1:46—Final Markets, 2:00—-Persuasive Speech. (Engl. 14) Mr. Winch. . 2:50—-Music.
Leam to Dance By Enrolling in Onr New Beginner’s Class For Ladies and Gentlemen Wed., Feb. 19, 7:00 p. m. Adult Begismer’s Tap WED., FEB. 19, 8:30 p. m.
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
A m c
SUNDAY
MONDAY
NORMA SHEARER ■■ FREDRICK MARCH in ‘SMILIN’ THROUGH’ and EDMUND LOWE ANN SOUTHERN in “GRAND EXIT”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Rough Ridimg Ranger”’ and “Too Tough to Kill”
All Lafayette is Entranced
Last Chance to See
Reinhart’s Production
of ■ lil
Jf
With 20 major stars and a cast of 1,000. TODAY Matinee 2:15 Night 9:00 ALL SEATS RESERVED MAKS Plenty of Seats at . -■ 55c A few at 83c and $1.10
Union Calls For
ten Ail .'freshman girls who are interested in working on Union are requested to meet in the reception room of the Union Building at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon. Girls interested in this activity should re* port at this time in order to be as-* signed to committees. No previous experience is. necessary. Co-eds entering at this time will be well in line for future work. This meeting will he under the leadership of Don Beggs, who has been working on a committee sys-' tern that Will insure faipriess to alT the' girls.
THE TYRANNY OF ONE MAN,. CHANGED THE NAVAL HISTOR) — OF A NATION ■
Electiosi; Of Officeirs ' : Phi Pi Phi announces the election of the following ojBficers: D. E, Mayo, pres^ident; W. A. Olsefi, vice president; E, C. Thoma, secretary; A. M. Krattebol, treasurer.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
:Sunday Monday
MiSKETEEiS JF THilLLS!
ind tlie Aat Keaps .y@si in Siilciitsf JAMES aiaibci
First Nitlonal Pietar®
StyariERWIN June TRAVIS
STARTS TOMORROW
All Week Starts TOMORROWV
WILDCATS PLAY HERE TONIGHTl
Lambertmen To Meet Worthy Foe At Jeff High Scoring Northwestern Team Ready To Wreck Purdue^s Big Ten Championship Hopes
PROBABLE LINEUP
POSITION NORTHWESTERN
MeMichaels ..Trenkle ' Nagode Bender Vance (C)
PURDUE
Kessler (C) P Young .. F EUiott C Malaska G Lambert G
Officials—Referee, Frank Lane, Cincinnati; umpire, Dick
Bray, Xavier. By Fred Mull
Tonri^^rl^ach Piggy Lambert’s fast-stepping aggregation of net sniper^^4J|,^^^ntinue its march against the Northwestern Wildcats, whoraUf^l^^oast of one of the highest scoring offenses in the Big Ten. lfe'*®^nen from Evanston are all set to pounce upon the Boilermakef^^^ce they are in a position to take the lead in the
conference race should Indiana and Purdue, the present leaders, fail to continue their winning streaks. Piggy Lambert, the invincible Boilermaker hardwood mentor, has been forced to take it easy and rest up after the strenuous road trip last week-end, when his charges met the tough Iowa and Minnesota aggregations within three days. Because of a bad cold. Coach Lambert was advised by his doctor to
spend a day or so in bed, but Piggy expects to be on hand tonight to see that his proteges do not lessen the pace they have maintained all season. Seven Straight Wins The Boilermakers, with seven straight Big Ten victories already to their credit, will be battling to increase their hold on at least a share of first place, while the Wildcats will be frankly intent on changing the complexion of the title
MKE MeMICMMI&S—Forward
race by upsetting the co-leaders. The game has been officially designated as “Naismith Night”, in honor of the founder of basketball, and fans who attend will be asked Although tickets for the contest tonight have sold like hot cakes and the advance sale has been unusually heavy, road conditions have forced a few out-of-tovm fans to cancel their 1 eservations. As a result, there is expected to be a limited number of seats available at game time at the ticket office. to donate one cent each toward the fund that is being collected on a nation-wide basis to send Dr. Naismith and his wife to the Olympic games this summer with the U. S. Olympic basketball squad. Lambert is expected to stick to the same combination that has been averaging well over a point a minute so far this season, but the Wildcat defense, built around two former Hoosier high school stars, is expected to provide the acid test of Purdue’s high-scoring ability. As a sidelight of the game, the scoring antics of Bob Kessler, who needs nine points to catch up with Bill Haarlow, will be closely watched.
B.&W. Shoe Co.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
®rp Ctosilifs
t
“FHE
AHiraCAi LAUMDRV CLEAiii®
f
A good appearance is a big asset to any person and a well cleaned and pressed garment is a big help towards good appearance. Have your garments cleaned and pressed regularly by an experienced dry cleaner. Send them today to the AMERICAN for expert^ satisfactory work. Phone 3085 American Laundry AND CLEANIG CO.
Lyboult G Donavan Barsha G -. .......Vergane Sammie Lyboult, guard on the ^een team, is last year’s winner of the Gimble medal, offered each year to the man in the Indiana state tournament who has been of most value to his team and who has
shown the best mental attiitnde throughout the tournament. Other members of the squad include Boss Dean, Joe Downing, Gerry Higgins, Dale Hutt, Fred Montague, Joe Mihal, Ernie Miller, Carl Swan, Gene Van Hoose, Johnny Vernon, and Prank Winchell.
An Idea
PEED TEENKLE—Forward'
Thinlies Face Big Ten Foes Co-Captain Moore Unable To Compete Because Of Bad Ankle Seriously handicapped by the loss of Co-captain Claude Moore, outstanding middle distance lunner, who will be unable to compete because of an ankle injury, the University track squad will leave heie today for Evanston, 111., where it will meet Northwestern and Wisconsin in a triangular meet. Moore’s loss will be felt keenly in the mile and two-mile relays in which he would have been the mainstay. With Moore out, Coach Orval Martin intends to enter a two-mile combination composed of Co-cap-tain Lakie Glendenning and Bluemel, both major lettermen; Soles, a minor letterman, and Terhune, promising sophomore. Glendenning and Bluemel will double in the mile relay, where they will be supported by Lemon and either Fifield or Terhune, all sophomores. Other Contenders In the pole vault and shot put, two erstwhile gridders, Tom McGannon and Andy Grai^t, respectively, will be Purdue’s best bets for points, while Vaughan-Catt and Stalcup, another pair of footballers, are the main Boilermaker contenders in the dashes. Other point possibilities include Goory in the mile run; Janos, a cross-country veteran, in the twomile; Lemon and Smith, in the hurdles, and Williamson in the high
jump.
Frosh Five In Opener Coach Eehring To Divide Squad For Exhibition Game Tonight Preceding tonight’s varsity game W}th Northwestern, the freshman basketball squad will give an exhibition game. At 6 o’clock sharp, the squad, divided into a green team and a red team will play in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. This game affords a chance for the basketball enthusiasts to look over possibilities for future varsity teams. Freshman basketball coach Dutch Fehring, has much reason to be proud of this year’s crop of basketball material with his team showing a very good all-round playing ability in practice and a strong
team spirit.
Team Exceptional The team is exceptional in that all of its members have about the same ability. The teams for tomorrow night’s battle are not fixed in membership so that all of the members of the squad will have a part during the game. The starting lineup is as follows: Green Team Red Team Anderson C Gutting Mascari P Dickinson Miller F Zink
that bloainad
We felt that stores and offices using linen would welcome the idea of having their linen supplied “ON A RENTAL BASIS”. The idea was a good one .... Now, OUT customers say “They don’t see how they ever got along without onr service.” Lafayette Linen Supply
WE SUPPLY
• • • •
WHY BUY?
Suits ^ r _ Pressed.....^ While U Wait Cleaned and Pressed 75c
Our price for cleaning is low—but that doesn’t mean that we have sacrificed quality in any way. Every garment is cleaned in fresh, sparkling CAftBON-TE'TRA-CHLORIDE. Try us once and you, too, will agree that there is no better cleaning at any price FREE PICKUP AND DELIVERY
West
Cleaners
Phone 4781
222 North
Eb Caraway, pictured above, will take over the duties of head football coach at Massachusetts State to succeed Melvin Taube, who will return to his alma mater, Purdue, as assistant backfield coach under Nobe Eizer. Caraway, a former Boilermaker star, resigned his post as assistant to Glen Harmeson at Lehigh two days ago.
HOW THEY STAND
4- 4- -4PUKDUE Indiana Northw^tem Michigan . Illinois Wisconsin Ohio State Minnesota Iowa „ . Chicago „ _
4- 4- -4 4- 4W 1. Pet. TP OP 7 0 1.000 806 186 7 0 1.000 220 188 3 2 .600 180 136 4 8 .571 250 215 3 3 600 174 146 8 8 .600 178 181 4 6 .444 268 276 8 7 .800 280 843 ..2 6 iS86 178 216 0 8 .000 209 864‘
Coeds We have the only beauty shop on the West Side that uses SOFT WATER. A SPECIAL 2 Shelton Permanents for $3.50 Mix&ette’s Beauty SItop
827 State
Phone 2067
to keep your car ruimmg as econowiiphlly as possible. Every one knows that it is cheaper in the long run to keep a car mechanically peiffect, but the human nature of “putting things off” keeps most people from taking advantage of this truth. If your car is not performing as it should, save yourself a large repair bill later on by bringing it in now for those few small adjustments or repairs that it needs.
Petev Anderjson Co.
6th and Alabama
Phone 4048
i Hi
m
h ysls ¥Classified Ads.
I®"
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACIIil^ES—sal% rent, repaired and bought Multigraph and mimeograph Urork done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Biain St. Phone 277d. Lost—K & E Log Log Trig Scale Slide Rule. Call Bill Bendell, 5734.
You Answer?
Rj»»T. J.Kino
Lost—Wrist watch lost just north of Service and Stores Bldg. Call 5021. Reward.
NOTICES No notices accepted after ■ p.
Freshman Engineers—.Those who took surveying last ■ semester may obtain their area calculations at office, room 101, Civil Building. Th^ will not be available later than Saturday, February 15. —TODD. Union—All members of my committee report at the Union office today at 4. —OHAVER.
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH-—Mr. D. O. B6\man> of the department of history and ecbnomics, will be the speaker at the Sunday Everting club at 6:30. He will present his view of certain Political Aspects of 1936. Supper (at 15 cents per plate) will be served at 6:30. The address and discussion will follow.
P. I. A. Orchestra—Rehearsal tomorrow at 2 in the tower room. Please be prompt. —REtNER.
Newman Club—^Tomorrow’s meeting and breakfast postponed until Feb. 23. —DOYLE.
Alpha Phi. Omega—Open meeting of all Scouts in room 1 and 2 of the Union next Wednesday at 7 :30. —SACHS.
Reamer Club—Meet in the Union at 8 Monday. —MILES.
Union—Will the following membera of my committee meet in the Union office at 4 Monday; Reid, Mueller, Kellner, Morrison, Jones, Ganet, Awonn, Bowman, Me. Williams, Bain, Lyons, Martin, Jarrett. —OHAVER.
Union—Will the following members of my committee meet Monday in the Union office at 4: Poor, Markel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton, McLeod, Keeley, Ritchie, Wynn, Halton, Best. , —GRIMM.
Union—Will the menibers of our committees meet in the sub-basement at-4 on Monday. —PUGH, JUMP. Freshman Women—Meeting of those interested in Union \vork in the reception room at 4 Monday. —BEGGS.
Union—Will the members of our committees meet in the Union office Monday at 4. Weat old clothes and be there before 4 if possible, but not later. —SCHOLER, CLARK.
Glider Clnb—Work session this afternoon. Meet in Union at 1. -^WOOD.
WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST CHURCH—Prof. Otis Trimble Will teach the Roger Williams student class at 9:30. Roger Williams club at 6:30. Russell Carlson, new president, will lead the discussion. So dal hour at 5:80. Lunch will be served for 10 cents at 6:10.
WESLEY FOUNDATION (West Laf. M. E.)—The co-ed class Will have as their topic tomorrow morning at 9:30, “Can a Modern Girl Re Christian in Her Moral Life?” Rev. G. A. Ritchie will speak to the Epworth League at 6:30 on “The Thrill of Catching Men.” The Wesley Gospel Team will put on a program at St. Paul’s M. E. church, Indianapolis, tomorrow evening.
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH— Student class at 9:30. Church services at 10:45. Christian Endeavor social hour, with lunch, at 5:30. Everett Wright will lead the discussion. Our group of, visitors Will be unable to get here for this meet^ ing.
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL — All Episcopal students, it is hoped, will plan to attend the monthly Student Corporate Communion, Which is set for tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock. After the services, breakfast will be served in the Parish house where those attending are invited to be
the rector’s guests.
1. OiC Hull HoUhe fattib; 2: Holy city in Ethiopia, taken by lialiana; 8. Made reebrd fflght : into Stratp&phere’ with SteVenB; : 4. Defeated Doolittle ib air epeed contest; £. Queen of Belgiuni, killed in huto accident.; 6. President of Pennsylvania R. R.: 7. Colored Evangelist in Harlena, ,N. Y. ; 8. Prime minister pf England; 9. President of Cuba: 10. Religious leader in Germany; 11. Famous aviator ; 12. President of Czechor Slovakia; 13. Outstanding football player of 1935; l4. U. S. Senator irbin Idaho ; 15. Radio tMent specialist; 16. Heavyweight boxing champion ;17,» Gbvemor-general of Canada : 18. Explorer, author ; 19. Speaker Of House of Representatives: 20. Speed king ; 21. Former Nobel pHze winner, author; 22. Novelist; 23. Baseball celebrity; 24. Master sea plane, freight and passenger; 25. Outstanding ,movie star. 26. “Jafsie” in: Lindbergh tragedy; 27. Radio priest, political agitator; 28. Chief ^ staff, U. S. army ; 29. President of M. I. T. and A. A. S.: 80. U. S. Senator from New Mexico—killed in air crash; 31. Physician who attended Dionne . guints.; 32. Richest girl, in U. S.; 33. Flyer—made flight to Hawaii; 34. English secreta^ of state; 35. Post-master general—Democratic chairman ; 36. Region in Florida swept by storm; 37. Returned to.Greece as king;-38. For many years White House physician—now Red Gross head; 39. Colored man who played in “Green Pastures’*; 40. Convicted ol kidnapping Lindbergh baby; 41. Roman Catholic priest, against birth control; 42. Ruler ol Germany; 43. Formerly English secretary of state ; 44. Noted jurist, died at 91; 45. Youngest member of U. S. Senate, West Virginia ; 46., Director of relief; 47. Secretary of State in Roosevelt cabinet;. 48. Woodworth heiress, divorced and married again; 49. English aviator; 50. Former head of NRA, now columnist. 61. Christian leader in Japan; 52. Premier of Canada; 63. Aviator lost in spectacular flight; 64. Chicago publisher: 66. “Brain Trust” in charge of SEC; 56._ Governor of Kansas, candidate for president; 57. France’s “secretary of state”; 68. President Coal Miners’ Union, formerly vice president A. F. of L.; 59. Wife of Col. Lindbergh, author or "North of the Orient’ ; 60. Gave $2,000,000 for new graduate school at Harvard; 61. Golf champion; 62. U. S. Senator from Louisiana—assassinated; 68. Negro prize ring sensation-^beat Max Baer; 64. U. S. Senator from California; 65. Controller of currency; 66. A vessel destroyed off Atlantic coast; 67. Young man, faking kidnapping; 68. Tennis champion; 69. Nickname for Supreme Court; 70. A French ship; 71. Horse winner of Kentucky Derby; 72. Ohio State colored track star; 73. Winner at Indianapolis Speedway; 74. Aviator killed with Will Rogers in air crash in Alaska; 76. Most unpopular of AAA legis-
lation.
76. Government man .'who led in capture of Dillinger gang; 77; President of Philippines; 78. The nickname for Dionnes; 79. Successor to Jane Addams in Hull House; 80. Assistant secretary U. S. treasury; 81. Wife of president—columnist; 82. Golfer; 83. Emporer of Ethiopia; 84. Cartoonist, creator of Andy Gump—killed in crash; 86. Dictator of Russia; 86. Accompanied O. A. Anderson on record flight to stratosphere; 87. Evangelist; 88. Outstanding in movie world; 89. Founder of old age pension; 90. “Brain Truster”'under-secretary of a.griculture; 91., R. R. financiers; 92. Secretary, of agriculture ; 93. Leader of group organizing against war;, 94. “Little White House”; 96. Man who assassinated Huey Long; 96. Inventor of fountain pen—dead; 97. Child kidnapped by H. Waley; 98. Tennis player ; 99. Noted humorist, died in air crash; 100. President of Chicago University,
pirti^tewd culB • • • it stoiiM be removed at fye^eMt iiitervalis , . v MONITE MOTH PEdOM^ giv^ added protectioii at no extra eost.
F I N E
C L E A N E II S
O F
F I ME
C L O T H E S
if a Sandwleli a Drink then a CHOP STEAK........10C at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
ORVAL WRAY PLAYS FOR MIXER TONIGHT Orval Wray and his campus orchestra will play at the regular Weekly mixer tonight in the Memorial Union Building. The same backdrop which was used for the Triad dance last night will be used this evening. Professors Wykoif and Mauch will chaperon, and C. W. Quiggle and Jim Clark are in charge of the dance. Last night, the orchestra played for a sorority dance at the LaFontaine Hotel in Huntington, Ind.
importent details to a Coeds Wardrobe College-Girl Bandettes “College Girl” Bandettes, accentuated bust of satin, lace, crepe and broadcloth, narrow back with elastic :...132c-36c-59c-$1.00 Rayon Knit Slips, brassiere tops and shadow hem, guaranteed against shrinkage and sagging, tea rose, white and black........;. .....$1.00 Silk Crepe Blouses, short sleeves, special ‘.....$1.00 New line Lace and Silk Crepe Neckwear......59c-$1.95
Bust Storms Turn . Snow Drifts Gray . On the heels of reports from the southwest, telling of new dust storms, comes the news that Indiana suffered a minor one. In LaPorte, automobiles were streaked with mud when rain followed the dust. Snow drifts all over the northern section of the state took on a grayish hue as the tiny'particles precipitated. Fears have been expressed that Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Colorado and Kansas will suffer “black blizzards” as severe as those of 1935. Soil experts said yesterday that there was definite hope that the scourge would not visit
again this spring.
Prof. Jo Jo Davis Leaves For Trip Throiigh East: Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the University entomology department, has left On an eastern trip to New York and Boston for meetings of the Crop Protection Institute. Following a meeting of the Institute with the General Chemical Co., in New York, Prof. Davis was to journey to Boston and Durham, N. H., for a series of conferences on various phases of insect control and
crop protection.
Prof. Davis was accompanied to New York by John Amos, of Lafayette, a graduate student who has been working towards his doctor’s degree. Amos, who was gx’aduated from the University school of agriculture in 1933, and obtained the degree of master of science, specializing in entomology, in 1935, was to consider a Fellowship Project with the General Chemical Co. Minor Sports Squads Meet Opposition Today Two of Purdue’s minor ■winter sports squads go into competition today with a variety of action for local fans. In the afternoon the swimming team will entertain the DePauw splashers with the hope of repeating an earlier season win. The meet begins at 2:30 in the Memorial gym pool. After the basketball game the swash-buckling element will meet the fencers from Ohio State in the last, home meet. The squad will be striving for an initial •win in three Big Ten competitions.
SportswDjneii To Serve Breakfast Tomorrow Breakfast will be served at 8 o’clock tomorrow morning in the Women’s Gymnasium to the Purdue Sportswomen, women’s honorary athletic organization. This meeting is called to discuss the Penny Carnival, which will he held some time in the middle of April. Katherine Dunwpody is in charge of the food and has planned a mdnu which will include sausages, hot cakes, oranges, and coffee. Louise Burkle, president of the group, will be in charge of the business meeting. ;
PHOTOS EisiargemeBits 2Sc
iillifs Stiii... J3i iai
SUDDEN SERVICE
PHONE
CASSELLS 408
RINTING Oflice Siatlonery. Wedding Snvitallons Sales Books,Bte....
(TC
Patromla;© Bspoment Advertfeera
Squash Teams Gamcel Matches With lAC The squash matches scheduled for today between the Indianapolis Athletic club’s teams and the University faculty and varsity teams, have been cancelled and will be played at a later date. In place of the announced matches the faculty and varsity teams will play an ex hibition match at 2:30 on the courts at Sixth and Main.
DR. A. M, IRION Dentist ' Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
LYLE E» FISHER Watchmaker This is all we, do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
DE. E. C. ELLIOTT— (Continued from page 1) ©n who see clearly and fully either their own American citizenship Or the citizenship of others; it will not inspire men of the mission of relieving men of the torture of not understanding.” Dr. Elliott made it plain that he thought education’s function was more and more coming to be the training of intelligence for public service.
New Spring /Sweaters checks, window pane . plain shades, with . zipper or buttons. .
Shoes, Oxfords, black or brown, leather soles and heels
Extra Trousers, just , the thing for school wear
S2.98 S2.9i
Trench Raincoats.. $2.98
ReliaMe Clothing Co.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
ICE SKATES SHARPENED ,, Hollow Ground 25c Pair F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
The thinking fellow calU A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Young enough to be theoretical; enough to be practical. RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main Si.
Haywood’s Special Bargain Sale for Pwriye Stodenti, Good For One Week OnlyFebruary 23rd-29A ' No.
1. PURDUE LAB. C@YEK, per dozen..............! Sc j
2. BOX LETTER FILE, indexed, each..... ....45c 1
3. FILING FOLDERS with Name Tab, each......02c
4. 1. pound White Scratch Pads ..10c
5. Chicago Pencil Sharpener, each..................L;85c
6. Size 19x24,' Leather Corner Desk Pad, with green, or blue blotter, each....................:.....5.0c
7. 100 Sheets Fine Bond Paper, S’/zxl 1 .^....35c 100 Small No. 6% Envelopes to match...........35c 100 Large No. 10 Envelopes to match,.........55c
8. Brief, and Report Loose Leaf Binders, waterproof, with Ace© fasteners, complete, blue, brown, red and black, each ...15c
9. 1 Pair Steel Bookends, pair..........................15c
10. 1 Ream, 500 sheets, BVzxt 1, yellow Manila paper, fine quality, per ream.............._..............28c
11 . Same as No. 10, only ruled, per ream : 35c
12. M. H. Bond, ■ S'/zxl 1, pure . white, exceiient grade, 500 sheets to box, per box......... ..-65c
13. Good Grade, Steel Bond Box, with lock and two keys, each 85c
14. Durable, Desk Lamp,with flexible neck, each 85c
15, Skrip or ^uink Ink, bottle 10c
16. Skrip Eversharp Leads, box 10c
17. 1 Dozen Mikado, or Ticonderoga Lead , Pencils, per dozen ....40c
18,. A Paper Stapling Machine, like you have always wanted, complete with IM Staples, each....$2,50
19. Hand Painte^ Scrap Book, size 11x14, with sheets, per book ...$i.00
20. Extra quality. Typewriter Carbon, black No, 569, per dozen sheets ..............................25c .
EXTRA SPECIAL, We will make you a new Copper Name Plate and 100 Genuine Engraved Cards, choice, of 6 styles of type, for.............. $2.00
HAYWOOD’S 1 . ; Retail Dept.—5th and . Ferry Sts. 1 I ■ Phone 4085