; ! ' 'g '".' , •' ’•'!•'••■', •' ' ".’i; '■ ' , ■'^; ■■■'', i-ivj-, ‘ ‘ ■ ' ' ,■ ■ '"''"i’ \:^^<'"‘'<'^p_-t:-^^
■m
This Newqxxper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY October B, 1938 Lofoyetto« Indiancr VoL 50 No. 22
/'M,
j
1
W
Boilermakers Tackle Favored Gophers
Contracts Awarded For Union Annex, ChE Bldg.
Contracts for erection of the new Chemical Engineering Building and for an annex to the Memorial Union Building were awarded yesterday by the University Board of Trustees. Work on both structures, made possibl’e by PWA grants, will start as soon as the Chicago PWA office officially approves the contracts. George W. Fuller Construction Company, of Chicago, was the successful bidder on the general construction of the Chemical Engineering Building, with a bid of $257,000. Other contfacls for the plumbing, heating and ventilating, electrical wjDrk, and excavations and foundation bring the total cost of tlie building to about $380,000, considerably below the original — estimate.
Jacobson Explains Activities Petitions
In Answer To Calls
Mistaken ideas concerning petitions for the five junior and one senior positions open in the newly reorganized Activities Bureau brought a /number of calls to the Union desk and to Bureau Director L. A. Jacobson yesterday and Thursday. Applicants thought they had to take out a form petition and get a specified number of student signers, but Jacobson cleared up the situation last night. Petitions, he said, need not include a single signature. State Experience Petitioners are asked to state all qualifications they possess for personnel work such as will be handled by the Activities Bureau ... including activities experience at Purdue and at other schools. They may also tell what objectives they think the Bureau can accomplish this year. All petitions for the offices—senior co-ed secretary, two junior coed secretaries, and three men junior managers—must be turned in at either Union desk, in Director Jacobson’s name by 6 o’clock next Monday evening. “I am well pleased with the manner in which students are responding to the Activities Bureau and only wish there were an office to give each person who applies. But since this is impossible, I want to impress upon each applicant the importance of making his petition as complete as possible so as to aid us in making our selections. Include New Ideas “I would appreciate having all applicants include in their petitions ideas as to what they would like to (Continued on page 4)
The original PWA grant for this building, received last summer, amPunts to $271,694. Three Stories High The Chemical Engineering structure will be built of brick and concrete, with Bedford stone trim. Situated on tl^ north side of the mall in front of the Administration Building, the building will stand three stories high and will include another story slightly below ground
level.
Contracts for the Union annex, a building two stories high, 124 feet long and 70 feet wide—all underground—^went to the B. W. Construction Company, Chicago, $51,970, on general construction; to Freyn Brothers, Indianapolis, $8,700, on heating and ventilation and plumbing; and to Sanborn Electric Company, Indianapolis, $2,050, on electrical work.
--'^More Activities Space
This annex will provide more space in the Memorial Union Building for recreational purposes and will include 10 new bowling alleys and space for student organization • offices. A new entrance to the Union basement and sub-basement will be constructed in the,south side of the , building near the Grant Street side. The Trustees yesterday appointed John A. Erickson, Jr., CE ’38, testing engineer for the materials to be used in the new structure. This act conforms with the University policy of testing building products during the course of campus construction. Other Winning Bidders Other winning bidders on the Chemical Engineering Building were: Freyn Brothers, Indianapolis, $79,989, on plumbing, heating and ventilating; Wadeford Electric Company, Chicago, $34,265, on electrical work; and K. H. Kettlehut, $16,256, on excavations and foundation. The latter contract was let several weeks ago. At their regular quarterly meeting October 19, the Trustees will consider bids for the excavations and foundation of a new music hall. This auditorium, to be built immediately southwest of the Administration Building, will seat 7,000 persons.
M^CradyAims ToPleaseBoth Jitterbugs^ Sweet Swing Fans
By Morgan L. Miers
It is our aim to please the lovers of sweet swing as well as the jitterbugs,” said Harry McCrady, enthusiastically, when asked about tonight’s “Concert in Rhythm.” “Our wide selection of numbers is sure to satisfy all. We will introduce Russ Mock’s latest composition “The Haunted House” and it is spooky enough to make chills run up a ghost’s back,” continued MoCi'ady. “Russ will be featured in Bob Crosby’s ‘Little Rock Getaway’,” added McCrady. “It’s hot when it’s hot and it’s sweet when it’s sweet,” commented “Hank” Miller when asked for his version of the new type swing session. Martha Lommel is the featured vocalist, and according to all reports she will steal the show with her enchanting style. Harry McCrady will play for the
regular dollar mixer tonight from 9 till 12 in the ballroom, and have as his guest director Lou Schilling, who had a campus orchestra last year. The “Concert in Rhythm” will start at 7:16.
We Hope So Too, Mol!
Mai Elward, Boilermaker mentor, who hopes his team will upset the Gopher powerhouse attack with sets of speedy Boilermaker backfields. Mai plans to alternate backfields, much as Rockne did, in an effort to wear down the Mini^esota team. It has been predicted that this year will end Minnesota’s reign as Big Ten champion, and a step in that direction will be made if PiirdUe can overcome Minnesota today.
Beveridge Speech Contest For Freshman
Speakers Scheduled For October 18-
Sponsored by the Forensic Board, the Beveridge Speech contest for
freshmen eds will be held Tuesday, October 18 and Thursday, October
20 at 4 p, m. The preliminaries will be held on the 18th in room 301 of University Hall and the finals on the 20tli in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Arrangements have been made for those freshmen who are interested to sign up outside of room 301 in University Hall. Each person entering the contest will be required to give a five minute talk on a single phase of any of the following general topics: “Why Go to College,” “Socialized Medicine,” “The Future Engineer,” “The Effect of Intei’national Conflict on America,” “The Problem of Organized Labor,” “Student Co-operatives,” “A Planned Agriculture,” “Radio Hams,” “Our Crime Problem,” “The Problem of Our Highways,” and “Purdue Traditions.”
9 Yell Leaders Plan Cheering School To Begin Monday
Frosh Debate Squad From the initial round, eight or ten contestants will be chosen to go to the finals, and of these, six will automatically become members of the freshmen debate squad. The winner of the Beveridge contest will receive the Hayes Trophy, a silver loving cup donated by the Hayes Jewelry Company, and the winner and runner-up will be eligible to enter the finals of Hanley Speech Contest, which will be held later in the year.
In a hurried effort to teach the campus fraternities, sororities, and Residence Halls the school yells. Head Cheer Leader Stubby Meiers last night obtained permission of the Inter-fraternity Presidents’ Council to teach the yells to these student in their places oi residence. These measures are being taken because of the necessity of teaching the student body the yells before Homecoming. Stubby Meiers and Bill Dunshee will visit the Residence Halls Monday night, and on following nights will appear at the various organized houses.
According to Meiers, boarding houses who want a cheer leader to visit them should get in touch with Ward Fenstermaker.
McCrady has played on many other campuses including Indiana, Butler, DePauw and Illinois Universities. He has also played at the Indiana Roof, Athletic Club, and the Columbia Club, all of Indianapolis'. The “Concert in Rhythm” will feature Bob Reed on his tenor sax. Mock at the piano. Jack Rubin and his trumpet, Vei'n Dorege on the clarinet, maestro McCrady and his trumpet, and Miss Lommell as the singer. A few of their selections will include “Liebestrom,” “The Haunted House,” “Little Rock Getaway,” “Bugle Call Rag,” “So Help Me,” and many others.
In addition, the organization receiving the greatest total number of points wins a trophy; which, if kept three years consecutively, becomes its property. Last year this cup was won by the PIA.
E. F. Degering Composes
New laboratory Manual
Judges for the contest have not yet been selected but will be representative of the different schools. Freshmen who are interested may secure additional information by calling Bob Carr, 6021.
A new laboratory manual, “The Quadri-Service'Manual of Organic Chemistry,” by E. F. Degering, associate professor of chemistry at the University, has just been released by Houghton Mifflin Co., publishers.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorow; warmer today; cooler in north portion tomorrow.
The manual was published under the general editorship of Herman T. Briscoe, professor of chemistry at I. U., and the associate editorship of professors of chemistry in universities and colleges throughout the United States. Some of its newer features include semimici’o lab experiments, theoretical introductions to experiments, and duplicate notebook report sheets.
Purdue In Good Spirits For Twin Cities Battle
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 7.—^With two victories already chalked up in their favor this season, a very confident, powerful Minnesota squad was prepared to meet the Boilermakers in their Big Ten opener today in the beautiful Memorial Stadium which lies on the border-line between the famous “Twin-Cities.”
It was quite evident that the student body, the townspeople, the state, and even the Gopher team werp certain that they possessed the finest squad that ever donned a headgear. Purdue In Good Spirits -----------------------------
But it was even more evident that Purdue would be represented by the best spirited team that ever wore Gold and Black uniforms. Contacted just before he entered a local theater with the Boilermaker squad. Coach Mai Elward indicated the sentiment of the entire team when he stated, '“The Minnesota bunch feel that they are 3-1 better, but not a man on the Purdue team, including the coaches and the water-boys, think so. “All the team is in good condition and ready to go except for Humphrey, and with the fine spirit which the team, has shown this year I am sure that the Gophers will get a run for their money.” Going To Whip Them Co-Captain Joe Mihal, peerr ing through the half-closed eye which he still has as a remembrance of the Detroit fracas, drawled, “The boys are sure we’re going to whip them. The team is in fine condition and it looks like a great day for the Boilermakers.” Co-Captain Paul Humphrey clearly expressed the feeling of the entire squad when he said, “There is nothing that would give me more pleasure than to bring back a bag of beaten Gophers to West Lafayette.”
WBAA Will Present Bite By Bite Account Of Pie-Eating Duel
As a distinct departure from its usual programs of a strictly education nature, WBAA, “The Voice of Purdue University,” has arranged for an exciting, bite-by-bite broadcast of the annual pie-eating struggle between the carefully selected and groomed freshman teams of Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities, who will start at 1:30 this after-
WBAA Broadcast
Starting at 2 o’clock this afternoon, WBAA will present by telegraphic rebroadcast, a play-by-play description of the Purdue-Minne-sota football game over a special leased wire.
Because of this game rebroadcast, WBAA will be unable to present its usual Saturday afternoon broadcast
of the Union Variety Hour.
noon. This year, for the first time, the contest will be staged on the front lawn of the Memorial Union, and according to Gilbert Dunbar Williams, program director of WBAA, the local station has decided upon this “special event” broadcast as a gesture towards student interest. Hank Miller and Bill Adams, staff announcers, will handle the “Battle of the Pi’s” from two vantage points as a remote pickup from the Union Building outlets. Six Man Teams Reduced to teams of six men by eliminations held last night in both houses, the Pi K A’s, who won the coveted trophy last year, and the Pi Kappa Phi’s, who are determined to win it this year, have been in intensive training for the past several days. Those selected through the gi-ueling eliminations are: Pi Kappa Alpha, Chkse, DiPrancesco, Howard EllswoiTh, Wolford, Bushnell; Pi Kappa Phi, Merriell, Husse, Beal, Vernon, Jones, Oswalt. This is the third year of the pie feud, results in previous years being: ’36, tie; ’37, Pi K A. The official rules state that the teams will start at State Street, race up to 12 “gooey blueberry pies” on the front steps of the Union, dispose of “said tasty pastries” without use of hands or utensils, and race back to the starting line. The prize is a copperplated pie pan.
Seniors Fail To Report For Sittings; May Be Left Out
If only 65 per cent of the seniors keep showing up for their Debris photographs at the times set for them, it will be physically impossible to complete the taking of senior pictures by Saturday, one week from today, the day set for Jerry Carlon, Dexheimer-Carlon representative, to leave the campus the photographer stated yesterday. To date Carlon has taken 330 pictures, an average of 66 per day for the five day period he has ha^ his . camera tripod in room C of the Union. Schedules made out by Debris workers under supervision of A .C. Perrin, Debris junior, call for approximately 95 sittings diming each eight hour working day. Although all of the seniors have not yet been scheduled the appointments have been lined up through Friday, and those in charge waim ( seniors not to miss their appoint-
ments as there may be no chance to obtain another sitting. Photograr pher Carlon said ytesterday that although he has been doing his best to accommodate seniors who, having passed up the time set for their photos, appear unannounced, it would be far better for them to report to the Debris desk just outside the music room and make another date. If this is not done, Carlon said, the last few days will be unnecessarily crowded and some seniors may be left out. Post cards are still being sent out to students notifying them of the time of their sittings. Also schedules are being published'daily in the Ebcponent. The Dexheimer-Carlon studio 'will let the senioi-s kno'w by mail, when they may view their prodTs and place orders for large portraits, '
m'C
1.
iK
£diioJdaI
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-aeduAsiA
Saturday. October 8, 1938
Student Hitch-Hikers Could Use Passports (Daily Kansan) Every fall thousands of young men crowd the highways in search of passing motorists who might give them “lifts” in the general dii'ection of some college or university. Every spring similar thousands crowd the highways in search of “lifts” back home again. Every Friday or Saturday hundreds of them may be found on the outskirts of college towns, in order that they may handle week-end jobs, ask parents for money, or re-establish contacts with their best girls. Until recently many of these hitch-hikers were coming to or from the University of Kansas. Even now a few may be found on their way to or from Lawrence. For the most part these young men were affable, well-mannered gentlemen who were grateful for the lifts, and said so. Many motorists welcomed such companions as a tonic against the tedium of crosscountry driving. Also, they liked to feel that they were giving assistance to ambitious youth traveling with a worthy purpose. Both parties benefitted by the arrangement. Then the rapidly lengthening list of highway tragedies—theft, rape, murder—committed under the guise of the innocent hitch-hiker, induced Kansas as well as some fourteen other states to pass laws which now make it a state offense to travel via thumb. These laws were just and necessary. No alert citizen would wish for their abolishment. However, if a bored or sympathetic motorist sees a well-dressed, pleasant-faced young man with a college sticker on his suitcase, trudging along the highway, and chooses to pick him up, there can be little inherently criminal or anti-social in the process. Indeed, when a reporter asked Governor Walter A. Huxman whether the present law applied to college students, the Governor is said to have smiled cryptically, but in such a way as to imply the college students and those who picked them up need not fear the “full penalty of the law.” Nevertheless, “the law’s the law,” as Javert was fond of remarking, and technically, the hitch-hiking law applies to all. But most colleges now issue individual identification cards containing the student’s name, the date of the semester issued, and at least a
the Purdue Exponent
RCPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative \ .420 Madison AVE. NewYork, N. Y. CHICAGO ■ Boston ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for ?8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. — L- S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager M. C, Reeves Local Advertising Manager Jl. M. Antrim Circulation Manager F. Berg Sales Manager V. I^ughe^ National Advertising Manager to"' ^ , 2 Accounts Manager ....W. E» Smith Art Director —D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor...- — - R- L. McDonald Associate Editors J- A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Editor. Associate Editors-
This newspaper is written, edited, and pablished by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opihions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Willsey Saturday, October 8, 1938
Dancing Classes To Be Sfarted Monday
Radio Stage Will Present Second
Dancing classes, sponsored annually by PIA, will begin Monday evening at 7:00 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Classes will be held every Monday and Wednesday from this day on for 10 lessons. Classes for beginners will be held this semester, with Miss Knight, of the women’s physical education department instructing. Tickets for the dance classes may be purchased from ticket salesmen and at the PIA office in the west corridor of the Memorial Union Building, as well as at the door on the evening of the first class. These tickets are $2.50 for members of the association, and $3.50 for other students. Foundation Members Meet At Annual Round-Up Today Members of the Purdue Christian Foundation will hold their annual Fall Roundup at Camp Tecumseh this afternoon. The events planned include an afternoon rodeo, a barbecue and council fire. The round-up is an annual affair of the Foundation. Henry Mangas, chairman of the committee in charge of the arrangements, requests that riiiembers meet at 117 Main street at 1:30 this afternoon where transportation to the camp will be furnished. Food and transportation are included in the twenty-five cent ticket cost.
LUHA — LAST DAY—
“Who Gets The Car Tonight?” second in a series of three plays featuring the Jones family by Chris Sergei, and presented this afternoon from WBAA by Radio Stage, will feature two players new to the organization, Isabel Weischar and Betty Erick, selected following the tryouts held last week for their talent and enthusiasm, will head a cast including “old timers” Dick Pittinger, Jack Lane, and Bill Carr. The play will revolve about the “family intrigue, parents-offspring feud” theme, and is being presented through special permission of the writer. Radio Stage will present this halfhour hilariously romantic comedy this afternoon at 1:00 o’clock under the direction of Sam Marks, Newman Club Sponsors First Breakfast Sunday The Newman Club, catholic students organization, will hold its first breakfast of the year at St. Mary’s hall tomorrow, October 9, after the 9:30 mass. All catholic students are invited, and are urged to attend. Maurie Doyle will furnish entertainment in the form of piano selections, and a short business meeting will be held.
Tomorrow - Monday BING CROSBY in "DR. RHYTHM”
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
—ALSO— “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN’ Serial
Sunday - Monday “Night Club Scandal”
‘Prescription for Romance”
‘Mickey Mouse”
LuEiUjJ STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
Love and Glory Cleave Uncharted Skies!
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
ALISON SKIPWORTH POLLY MORAN in "LADIES IN DISTRESS” — Plus — "DAREDEVIL DRIVERS”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklity
reasonable accurate photographic reproduction of his physiognomy. Why wouldn’t it be feasible to make such student identification cards “passports” for all bonafide student hitch-hikers?
Dodor Gfibreth leaves AfterWeek On Campus Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, special professor of management in university engineering schools, left today for Kansas after spending a week on the campus. The noted efficiency expert will return to her work here about November 1. During her stay Dr. Gilbreth lived at the Women’s Residence Hall. Last Sunday at an after-dinner coffee she told WRH girls of her travels in Germany and Czechoslovakia this summer. Prof. Soneson To Talk Students and faculty members in terested in Christian Science are invited to attend the Purdue Christian Science I'eception in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union tomorrow afternoon, October 9, from 3 to 5 o’clock. Prof. P. E. Soneson, of the civil engineering department will address the group at 3:30 o’clock.
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a.m.—Roger Williams Class with Dean M. L. Fisher teaching. 10:35 a. m.—“A Portrait of God,” Rev. Gleason. 5:30 p.m.—Roger Williams Club social hour. 6:30 p.m.—Lunch, 10 cents. 6:30 p.m. — Discussion Group, Prof. L. Hadley will speak on “Cooperative Creation.” St. John’s Episcopal (6th and Ferry, Lafayette) 8:00 a, m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a.m.—Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00 p.m,—Young people’s fellowship. Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30 a.m. — Student class. Miss Clare Coolidge, teacher, 10:40 a.m. — Morning worship. “Wait,” Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30 p. m.—Student vespers. 6:00 p.m.—Social hour and supper. 6:45 p. m.—Round table discussion. “The Present European Situation,” Prof. Frank Hall. Central Presbyterian (7th and Columbia, Lafayette) 9:30 a, m.—Discussion group led by Dr. Graves. 10:45 a.m.—Morning sermon. Dr. W. R. Graham. Special music from the choir led by A. P. Stewart. 6:00 p.m.—Forum at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz St. Supper, ten cents. Program of sacred music by Mr. John Menoch. Wesley Foundation 8:00 a.m. — Co-ed breakfast. “World Fellowship,” Mrs. Edith Bollinger. 9:30 a.m.—Men’s class at Westside M. E. church, T. K. Noss. 10:40 a, m. — “Building a New World,” Dr. Steele. 5:00 p.m.—Fellowship supper. 6:30 p.m. — Epworth League. “From Friendship to Marriage,” Rev. and Mrs. McFadden. John W, M, Tracy. .. . , . CE ’24, was a visitor on the campus recently. For a number of years he has been employed by the U. S. Bureau o5f Public Roads on the development of the Skyline Drive atop the' Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia and North Carolina. He is soon to be transferred to the engineering corps of the Federal Power Commission.
‘Ask them if they have a passenger list—the chief would like a menu.”
THERE ARE . .. ... a group of girls over on Littleton that are living in a boarding house who have christened their dump the “0-So-Peachy” house. The “0-So-Peachy” gals consist of JANE HALTOM, JERRY BURKE, BEVERLEE RAWLINGS, LOIS RANDOLPH, etc. You can name the rest. THEIR SLOGAN . . . ... is “Who are the best looking girls on the campus and why are we.” Such slogans have their time and PLACE, this might have it’s time but—. AS THE STORY ... . . . goes MARJORIE BLOCKER Pi Phi Brew-nette — introduces BETTY COUVERT (prospect) to the Delts in hopes that the boys will throw a couple of hints. Just in case you would care to get ahold of BETTY, you’ll have to call the Kappa house.
THIS CHANGE ... ... of heart that BETTY had— there was a change—made BLOCKer a little (?) mad, so she breaks a date wit ha Delt just to get even. The question is just who bettered by MARJORIE’S act. DICK MANSFIELD . . . . . . Theta Xi senior, has never, in his stay here at Purdue, had his name in this column. He claims he has never been on the wrong end of anything since his freshman year except a paddle during his pledgeship. KNOWING DICK . . . ... as we do we draw either of these two conclusions: Either he’s a stay-at-home (lie) or he has been doing all of his dirty work on the sly. SAM FORSELL . . . , . . Theta Chi senior (?)—^was seen coming out of the Alpha Xi house yesterday after taking one of the girls home, and he couldn’t even think of the girl’s name. What are you doing SAM, playing Boy Scout?
5 DAYS Starting TODAY
uinnsm
LAST DAY-
Sw—thMrtt of **To$t
Piloi** la tholr most oxoltlag thrill*
romtoeol
cLi
mmt
rm OTTO ’WALTER PIDCEON WALTER CONNOLLY LEO CARRILLO Directed by CK CONWAY Starting Tomorrow1> W t! ^ f ^ \ ^ i V
'i
Sohirdoy. October 8« 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
k >
Fuente Heads List Of Returning Netmen in Fall Tennis Tryouts Prospects for this year’s tennis team seem favorable. With no particular outstanding players, but three of the stellar varsity men, Fuente, Blitz, and Jackson back this year, the positions left are rapidly being filled. Such men as Alexander, Carlson, Powell, Darner, and Richards show indication that they will be able to step into positions on the varsity squad next spring. ' Anderson the most promising freshman last year has not been out this fall because of studies, but he will probably hold down a berth next spring, George Alexander, a junior this year, has shown the greatest ability ,of the new men this fall. The fall tryout tournament will continue into next week if the weather permits.
Intramural Notices
INTERFKATERNITY GOLF—TODAY Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Delta Theta Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Monday Sigma Nu vs Winner (S. A. E. vs Kappa Delta Rho).'' SOFTBALL RESULTS Yesterday Phi Kappa SigmaS, Theta Xi 2. Theta Chi 6, Sigma Alpha Mu 4. Phi Kappa Psi 8, Kappa Delta Rho 6. Phi Kappa 2, Tau Kappa Epsilon 1. , Acacia 8, Alpha Tau Om^a 2. Tau Epsilon Phi 6, Pi Kappa Alpha 6. Phi Delta Theta 6, Lambda Chi Alpha 6. Phi Gamma Delta 4, Sigma Nu 1.
THURSDAY Ward 8—1, Ward 11—0 (forfeit). Ward IX—7, Ward IB—6 Ward lOX—1, Ward 14—0 (forfeit). Ward 13—1, Ward 9—0 (forfeit). Ward 6—3, Ward 12—1, Ward 4—10, Ward 2—9. Ward IIX—8, Ward 1—8. Ward 7X—7, Ward 2X—3. Ward B—4, Ward 10—0. Ward 3—8, Ward 7—7. Cary Hall 2—8, Cary Hall 7—4. Cary Hall 9—1, Cary Hall 4—0. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—13, Sigma Phi Epsilon—0 , Alpha Gamma Rho—IB, Theta C^—1. Phi Kappa Tau—4, Phi Gamma Delta—3 Phi Kappa Psi—12, Sigma Nu—7. Cary Hall 6—6, Cary Hall 1—3. Cary Hall 10—11, Cary Hall 6—4. Cary Hall 8—11, Cary Hall 3—10
In the Union - THE - BOWLING ALLEYS Have you ever tried Bowling? You will be surprised to find how easy and how much fun it is. And it's good for you, too. Come over and try a "line" or two.
DOWN THE EAST STAIRS TO THE BASEMENT
JhsL fiiVulus, TyiBnufiiaL Union, The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Fraternity Golf Matches Drawing Near Completion With but five of the original 27 teams still in the running for the mterfraternity golf championship, the tournament is scheduled to end early next .week. Of the 27 teams that entered the tournament, 19 were eliminated because of low scores. The eight remaining teams that survived the elimination rounds, have been narrowed down to five by subsequent playoffs. The schedule for the remaining matches places Sigma Alpha Epsilon against Kappa Delta Rho this afternoon in the quarter finals. The winner of this match will play the Sigma Nu team Monday for a final match berth. Phi Delta Theta, and Phi Kappa Psi meet today in a semi-final match for the other finals position. The annual all-campus golf tournament will start next week if the needed 32 entrants sign. The tournament is open to any student who wishes to pay an entry fee of 10 cents, WAA Tennis Schedules and opponents for the WAA tennis tournament have been announced. The tournament will be held today and tomorrow. The players are to arrange their own time. Girls scheduled to play are: Stocker vsy Mather, Schilling vs. Peterson, Pidgeon vs. Beck, Kirkhoff vs. Stanley, Swift vs. Frado, and Spry vs. Randall.
Battery Softball Competition Begins Military Program Inter-battery softball began the University military department’s annual athletic program Thursday. Captain “Stu” Beckley, assisted by Cadet Lt. Col. H. W. Lownie, will be in charge of the program; staff and battery athletic officers took charge of the various teams, as they began whipping themselves into shape for the coming season. Preliminary competition, starting October 13, will determine battalion champions, and in the second ser^les of games, battalion team champions will play a round robin tournament to select the best team in each brigade. The two brigade champions will play in the final competition for the Corps championship. I Softball is the first of a series of sports that will be organized by the program. Other sports include swimming, boxing, and basketball. R. F, Dawson Is Author Of Article On Settlement Raymond F. Dawson, CE ’23, is the author of an article, “Settlement Studies on San Jacinto Monument,” in the September issue of Civil Engineering. This 649 foot monument which rests on a 220 foot layer of clay has been used in a series of settlement measurements which should go far to confirm or challenge the accuracy of settlement predictions.
Portrait and Commercial Photography Hinea’s
634 Main 8 and 16 MM. Movie Cameras Miniature Cameras
Eastman Kodaks
A Complete Line of Photo Supplies for the Amateur
Clearwdl
THE BEST WORK THE RIGHT PRICE Let us restore that fresh, new appearance to your suits, coats or dresses. Our skillful cleaning methods will leave even your finest fabrics unharmed.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
The Shortest and Quickest Way with SAFETY FIRST! CELL A YELLOW CAB to get to that Football game, class, party, or date on time YELLOW CAB COMPANY 423 Ferry Street 3071 Phone 5023
Conference Teams Face Heavy Schedule Today Eight Big Ten Teams Oppose League Foes As Other Two, Ohio State, Wildcats, Face Western Invaders Only two conference elevens of the Big Ten will not be facing a member opponent when the kickoff whistles sound this afternoon. They are Northwestern, who faces Drake at Evanston, and Ohio State, who plays host to the University of Southern California, at Columbus.
f
lelder*«.... ....choice
By Brace Witwer Today’s the big day . .. will Minnesota be flaunting a “you can’t beat us” challenge in the face of the football world tonight? Will Purdue be looked upon as one of the prime challengers for Big Ten supremacy? . . . will the Yankees add a third win to their string? . . . there’s a parallel of cases there . . . both Purdue and the Cubs are rated as underdogs and are out to upset the dope bucket. —^fc— Minnesota has come to be looked upon as practically unbeatable . . . they’re just another football team though . . . and the Washington team they beat in their first game this season hasn’t shown the allaround strength of previous squads . . . they tied Idaho last week . . . then Nebraska was also said to be lacking in usual Comhusker power by observers last week ... so circumstances don’t look so bad after all. —^fc— All of tlje Purdue players are in good physical condition . . . while the same can’t be said of the Gophers . . . Van Every will be out of the lineup and there is a possibility that other Minnesota players will be unable to be in good enough shape to be ready to go by game time ... all of which puts a rosier aspect on the whole situation. —^fc— Turning to cross country for a moment . . .the squad gets their first and only.trip of the season today as they invade Wabash to start eradicating the bitter dregs of defeat fed out last week by Pittsburgh. '
Indiana, a favorite of many to settle near the top of the conference heap despite the wailings of Bo McMillin, journeys to Champ^gn for a contest with the Illini. Illinois lost to the Hoosiers last season by the count of 13-6 after Bo’s lads had pushed the Suckers all over the stadium. Hawkeyes vs. Badgers At Ann Arbor, the University of Chicago will again try to pull an upset when they meet the Wolverines. Michigan, a heavy favorite, was the victor m last season’s encounter 13-12. About a toss-up is the battle that will take place out in Iowa City when the Hawkeyes contact the Badgers of Wisconsin. Wisconsin was the winner of last year’s fracas by the count of 13-6. Ohio State will be out to avenge last season’s defeat handed them by the Trojans of Southern California at Los Angeles, 13-12. Ohio State led up until the last few plajre of the game. Pittsburgh, feared by almost every opponent, will play the Panther’s deadliest foe, Duquesne at Pittsburgh. Marling Heads Dayton Purdue Mother's Club Mrs. Paul Marling has been chosen chairman of the Dajrton Purdue Mothers’ Club, a new organization composed of 50 Dayton miothers whose children are students at Purdue University. Mrs. D. H. Reeves, secretary-treasurer, and Mrs. W. H. Kerman, publicity chairman, are the other officers of the club whose object is to promote interest in the University and help parents of students get acquainted. This year’s activities include a tea for the new members, promotion of attendance at Dad’s Day and Mother’s Day activities.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Director'^
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Christmas Cards
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door kicKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1 50 Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift Order Early NICHOLS & CO. Rodcmart, Georgia
y • Professional
• jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
'Public Stenographer Typing and Notary Public Service ESTHER AMBLER Lahr Hotel3U)axL CuHa,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Jacobson Explains--
(Continued fi'om page 1)
see the Bui’eau do during this year's work. “Any students who have questions pertaining to the activity or to petitions can get in touch with me at the Alpha Tau Omega house.” The Activities Bureau advisory board, consisting of Jacobson and representatives from eight leading campus organizations, will select officers for the new positions from the list of petitioners. The board meets Monday night to consider applicants. Swedish Work On Display In HEc Building Lobby Handwork, wood carvings, and costume dolls are included in a display of Swedish articles now on exhibition in the lobby of the Home Economics Building. These souvenirs were collected by Dr. Margaret Johnson and Dr. Marian E. Griffith during their recent trip to Sweden. The display, which was arranged by students under the supervision of Prof. Marian Willoughby of the clothing and textiles department, will remain on exhibition for several weeks. Many Foreign Requests For Road School Notes Requests for copies of the Purdue Road School Proceedings have been received from highway engineers and officials in several foreign countries. The latest request was for 60 copies from C. L. Lamarche, technical information engineer, Ministry of Highways, Province of Quebec, Canada.
in the co-ed swimming honorary, Tuesday, October 11, in the Women’s Gym pool.
JORi
GESON.
Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, October 9, at 7 :30 p. m., at Murdock Apartments 6, 323 State Street. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CBUIISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with / envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll $4.60.
a case of 320—
FOR RENT—Room for three students. Kitchen privileges. $3 50 each. 601 Evergreen street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITlES-;Chap-ter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
FOR SALE—A portable Underwood typewriter. Brand new A bargain if sold at once. Gale Smith, Fowler, Indiana.
Bowlers: All independent girls who are interested in a bowling team report to Betty Lou Jakes in the PIA office Monday, October 10, between 4 and 6 p. m. —RICE.
AIChE! All members who have Chem Met. subscriptions and have not received their flow sheets, should call Jacobi at 7026 before Saturday, October 8. —JACOBI, WAA Cabin Leadership Course: All those interested must go to the cabin Saturday afternoon, October 8._ Meet at women’s gym at 1:30. —BLANK.
Purdue Engineer: Day and Leckie report to Harris in Engineer office Saturday, October 8, at 1 p. m —HART.
Newman Club: Breakfast Sunday, OctO' ber 9, at St. Mary’s Hall after 9:80 mass. —KASSER.
Intramural Managers: See me at 781 Russell street or phone 2424 for important information. (10-9) —FLANAGAN.
M. E. 31 Conditions: Examinations for the removal of conditions in M. E 31 will be held Saturday, December 10, in room 301 of the M. E. building. Make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 3. This will be the only opportunity this semester. (10-16) MESSERSMITH.
PLEASE return K & E Log Log Duplex Slide Rule lost Thursday, Sept. 29. R. E. Muinahan Phone 31754.
PART OR FULL TIME SALESMAN WAN'TED—Portable Division Remington Rand, Inc. Leads furnished and created Excellent income. Equipment supplied. Definite futures assured for those who qualify. Write qualifications Purdue Exponent Box J-5. FOR SALE—Man’s tuxedo Size 38 short Excellent condition. Phone 2606.
Catalyst Club: All members leave pledge nominations in Lovell’s office immediately. Deadline 9:00 a. m Tuesday, October 11. Important meeting Wednesday, October 12, 7 :1B p. m. room 202, Heavilon Hall. —CRAIG. Christian Science Organization: Because of convocation there will be no regular meeting Tuesday, October 11. Watch the Exponent for room and time of meeting next week. —McINTOSH. Purdue Student Alliance: There will be a meeting of the executive committee Monday evening, October 10, in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. ra. —BASS
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight lS%xl3% only $3.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Engineering Lectures: Freshmen Engineers meet Saturday, October 8, at 8 a. m. by divisions as follows: Division A—Civil Engineering Building ; Division B—Michael Golden Shops; Division C—Electrical Engineeiing Building; and Division D—Eliza Fowler Hall. Seat assignments are posted in Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Notices
Purdue Christian Foundation: Annual fall roundup at Camp Tecumseh. Transportation and eats, 26c. Meet at 117 Main, West Lafayette, at 1:30 p m. Saturday, October 8. —BRAND.
Have we neglected to mention it lately? Crown Cleaned Clothes are mothproofed hy the Monite process. All wool garments we clean are guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. lAIICSillY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Union Sophomores: Will my committee please meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. Monday, October 10. Repoit to Treva Berry. —CREPPS.
Union Sophomores: Will our committees please meet m the workshop at 4 p. m. Monday, October 10. —KANY, BRUBECK.
All Men Students: Interested in playing soccer, report Monday, October 10, at 4 p m in Fieldhouse. Practice will start immediately. —LESSA.
Triton Club: Swim for all girls interested
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Monday, Oct. 10, 7:00 P. M. ADULT BEGINNER'S TAP CLASS Monday, Oct. 10, 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES, ALL AGES, MEET ON SATUDAY. PHONE 2150 Indiana's Largest Dancing School
P. M. Alien, Instructor
ALLEN'S
6M FERRY
Do you burn money too?
Most- of you motorists do— and don't know it; for if your car engine is using too much oil or too much gas, you're burning money, for which you receive no benefit. Drive in today and let us show you how to cut your maintenance bills.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8 8 00—Fredickson, Charlotte 8:05—Glazner, Eloise 8:10—Qunt, Marga 8 • 15—Hague, Mary 8 20—Gulchi, W. E. 8:25—Hackney, E. W. 8:30—Hall, J. G. 8:35—Hickman, F. J. 8:40—Hichert, R. K. 8:45—Hoffman, C. E. 8:50—Hoffman, C. F. 9:10—jacks, R. H. 9:15—/Jarvis, J. 9:20—Johnson, R. 9:25—^Jones, D. G. 9:30—Jordan, E. C. 9:35—Karnowsky, M. M. 9:40—Kesser, J. E. 8:55—Horton, J. H, 9:00—Hutchens, G. V. 9:05—Himes, R. 9:45—Kimeeza, N. S. 9:50—Eviston, Wilma 10:00—Gran, Margaret 10.05—Harry, Louise 10:10—Herman, Edith M. 10:15—Hiner, Elizabeth 10.20—Hippensteel, Edith N. 10:25—Hixon, Betty 10.30—Huber, (3eorganna 10.35—Hudson, Mary 10 '40—Hunt, Mary Jane 10.45—Hunter, Elizabeth 10:50—Haller, J. T. 10:55—Hammer, J. E.
I 1 :00—Hutchinson, L. H. II :05—Jacobi, J. H. 11 :10—jaquesS, R. C. I 1 :15—Johnson, j. 11:20—Kantz, R. J, II :25—Keck, J. R. I 1 :30—Kessler, C. M. II :35—Kinzer, H. D. 11 .40—Kirlin, J. A. I 1 :45—Kline, J. H. II :50—Knaus, H. R. 1 1 :55—Cleveland, Jerry Monday, October 10 8:00—Koehler, R. B. 8:05—Kokoo, M. 8:10—Kosowicg, E j. 8:1 5—Kothera, E. J. 8:20—Kovachevich, N. 8:25—Kowalski, C. A. 8:30—Lacy, C. E. 8:35—Lacey, H. H. 8:40—Lang, C. E. 8:45—Ide, Margaret 8:50—Jackson, Pearl 8:55—LaFollette, R. L. 9:00—Kolkoma, B. 9:05—Klein, Betty V. 9:10—Knight, Lillie Ann 9:15—Knollman, Gladys E 9:20—Kristjanson, Marion 9:25—Schleicher, A. R. 9.30—McLain, Georgianna N. 9:35—Miller, Florence 9:40—Mohler, Marjorie 9:45—Kushnak, S. A. 9:50—Landon, W B.
9:55—Poor, Marjorie 10.00—Hartman, C. U. 10-05—Kuhns, R. L. 10:10—Lahey, W. D. 10:15—Lamber, T. 10:20—Laramore, Lois V. 10-25—Lawshe, Mrs. Muriel 10:30—Miller,'Bessie 10:35—Long, Richard 10:40—Lapshire, Paul 10:45—Luther, S. G. 10:50—Lumm, C. F. 10:55—Lungerhauser, J. C. 1 1 :00—Klehforth, W. G. I 1 :05—Landicke, W. P. II :10—Lawson, A. H. 1 I :1 5—Forgey, Janet I 1:20—Harrington, Kathleen II :25—Husted, Rosemary I 1 :30—Irwin, Louise II :35—Johnson, Margaret E. I 1 :40—Jones, Margaret L. II 45—Learning, Mary Alice I 1 :50—Latier, R. W. II :55—Lehman, R. H. 1 :00—Kolhoff, M. J. 1 :05—Kraso, A, H. 1 -10—Krva, C. V. 1 .15—Holt, Flora F. 1 :20—Horton, Phyllis E. 1 :25—Justin, Catherine D. 1 -30—Kemmer, Martha E. 1 .40—Kunzel, Virginia Rae 1 .45—Lavison, L. H. 1 .50 Learning, L. C. 1 -55—Lederer, E. H. 2 00—Leer, Mrs. Elizabeth
2-05—Leiendecker, G. 2:10—Levin, A. H. 2:15—Levinson, E. L. 2:20—Lewis, H. F. 2:25—Liming, C. A. 2:80—Lindgren, A. R. 2.35— McGaughey, C. D. 2;40—McGhee, R. M. 2{45—McKinney, M. W. 2:50—McKinnis, O. A. 2:55—Langeworthy, C. 3:00—McNaughton, N. L. 3:05—Marshall, R. S. 3:10—Matz, R. W. 3:1 5—Matthew, S. M. 3:20—Meier, C. S. 3:25—Meiser, R. E. 3:30—Manlove, D. C. 3.35— Moery, H. O. 3:40—Mortensen, D. S. 3:45—Murphy, F. 3:50—McBride, Martha F. 3:55—McIntosh, Sarah A. 4:00—Stocker, Margaret 4:05—Williamson, 0. R. 4:10—Frederick, G. W. 4:15—Houston, K. C. 4:20—Insley, R. E. 4:25—Kroeplin, W. A. 4-30—Terrio, D. G. 4:35—Woodson, J. C. 4-40—Antonini, E. M. 4.45—Berg, W. F 4-50—Daugherty, V. 4 55—Nevin, H. W.
r* ii