iji Good Luck, Gals? They Say Carroll
Can Pick'Em!
ponent m Stitch /906
Exponenf Sonrot ft» Readers; Off^ampus News Added
Volume 52, No. 59
West Lcdoyeffe. bidicma
Soiurday, November 16/ 1940
Riveters Tangle With Gephers Today
CarroH To Arrive This Morning
Famous Judge Will Pick Debris Queen In Music Hall Today Earl Carroll, famed Hollywood beauty judge who will name the winners in the Debris beauty content tonight, will literally drop from the skies into the arihs of angels when he arrives via the American Airlines in Indianapolis at 11:55 o’clock this morning to be met by a bevy of the University’s beauty queens. Debris’ annual prettiness contest will take place in the Hall of
Music.
Doors will be opened at 6:30 o’clock and Dick Cisne’s orchestra will play popular pieces before and during the contest. Tickets are on sale at the west desk in the Union and in front of the Sweet Shop for 10 cents. They will also be available at the cashier’s office in the Executive building* before the performance. ‘Debris officials say that the tickets are going rapidly. Lasts For One Hour The contest will begin at 7 o’clock and will be over about 8 o’clock. After the four winners and 20 run-ner-ups have been selected, the 20 will stand on a platform behind and above the Orchestra and the four superlatives will be on a smaller platform above them. Each contestant will walk around the oychestra lift in the spot-light with Cisne’s orchestra furnishing music. The co-eds will come from first one side of the stage and then from the other. After the contest there will be a beauty contest mixer in both ballrooms of the ^Union with Warpy Waterfall providing the music. The winners will.be given complimentary tickets dnd will be announced at intermissioii of the dance. Earl Carroll will be the only judge of the affair and his decision will be final. He has had a great deal of experience in picking beauties, producing 61 shows which include 14 of his famous “Vanities.” The runner-ups will have their pictures in the yearbook and the four final winners will be given full page photographs, m.n.o. Michigan PlanI Operators Finish Dairy Short-Course Twenty-six milk plant "bperators yesterday completed a week-long University short-course sponsored by the W. K. Kellofg Foundation of Battle Creek, Mich. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of thfe University dairy department, was in charge of the course, for which members of the dairy husbandry staff furnished instruction. The men enrolled were from six counties in Michigan. Prof. Frank R. Hall of the history, economics and government department was the principal speaker at a banquet held Thursday night in connection with the course. Other speakers were H. J. Reed, University director of agriculture, and H. H. Hasson, Kellogg Institute sanitary engineer. Topics discussed during the sessions included milk marketing trends, milk processing and distributing trends, butterfat testing, herd health, homogenized milk, dairy economics, milk processing and sales a^d route" management, j.h.a.
Military Men Take Over Entire Union/ Announce Scabbard^ Blade Pledges
Approximately eight hundred military men and their dates, dancing to the music of Charlie Barnet and Gus Arnheim, officially opened the University formal season last night at the annual Military Ball. The dancers^ who took over the entire Union for the evening, danced with Barnet in the combined ballrooms and with Arnheim in the cafeteria. At 10:30 o’clock the grand march> led by Cadet Colonel W. G. Meese escorting Mary Edith Monk and by Cadet Colonel L. E. Lull escorting Mary Lou Matthews, took place. Pledges Announced Scabbard and Blade pledges were announced at 10:45 o’clock. The men pledged are: W. L. Holcomb, J. W. Christy, H. E. Harvey, J. R. Storms, G. R. Jungerman, D. D. Kennedy, J.
D. Brummett, A. W. Yates, J. J. Pacey, J. F. Wadsworth, J. W. Hudson, V. C. Vanderbilt, G. O. Gale, J. C. Wayne, B. S. Jackewicz. W. F. Silcock, J. .P. Slater, F. P. Caldwell, R. E. Jansing, J. D. Fisher, G. A. Fritzlen, R. A. Dilts, W. M. Demster, M. L. Norris, C. W. Carmichael, J. R. McCann, D. L. Yeager, S. D. Marquis, G. W. Brewer, R. H. Kellogg, J. E. Grim, P. E. Hassler, J. A. Dillon, M. E., Keck, A. A. Topp, J. F. Day and F. N. Graf. In addition to the cadet pledges, the following men will be taken into Scabbard and Blade as associate members: Lt. Colonel Ray, Major Workman, Major Williams and Major Hicks, o.l.a.
Two Convos This Week Sevit^ky Will Direct Fulton Sheen Speaks Symphony Orchestra Sunday In Music Hall
The Indianapolis Symphony Orr chestra, under the direction of Fabien Sevitzky, will present a vigorous duo-program in the Hall of Music next Tuesday v afternoon at 2 o’clock and in the evening at 8 o’clock. The matinee^performance is arranged j^incipally for school children; the evening show is the third regular scheduled convocation of the year open to students, faculty and townspeople. The children’s performance is sponsored by the Lafayette unit of the Indiana State Symphony Society. Last year over 1,800 boys and girls from Lafayette an(j surrounding communities attended a similar afternoon show. Mrs. A. P. Stewart, chairman of Jhe' ticket committee of the^ children’s show, predicts that from the number of requests already made for tickets the attendance this year will far surpass last year’s mark.‘ Ticket Prices Tickets for . the afternoon performance may be obtained at the various grade' schools and hi^h schools in Lafayette and contingent communities for 26 cents for children and 60 cents for adults. They are also on sale by reservation only at SoUlhworth’s and McClean’s Mu-^ sic Store. Admission to the evening ^ concert will be by passport an^ season tickets. Tickets may alsb be purchased at the Music Hall for $1.00 before the performance, d.t.b. Theta Tau . . . professional enginefering fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: R. J. Winner, Fort Wayne, and Rusdell Robinson, Chicago. Following were pledged: Douglas Baker, Huntii^ton; Frederick Smith, Muncie; Charley Greenhill, Bayonne, N. J,'; Rogeir Hanenkratt, 'Woodburn'; James Ostlund, Kenosha, Wis.; Richard R. Smith, South Bend, and Carl Andmff, Hammond. \
“War and God’s Judgment’’ will be the topic of the Rt. Rev. Msgr. Fulton J. Sheen as he speaks before the ipoi^tWy convocation for worship in the Hall of Music tomorrow morning at 10:30. This will mark his third appearance on the, campus -as a convocation speaker. Assisting Dr. Sheeh will be the. University choir of 250 voices-under ^the direction of A. P. Stewart. The choir will present two- anthems, “Ave li^pria Stella,” by Grieg, and “Cherubin Song No. 7,” by Bortniansky. The speaker, a member of the faculty of the Catholic University of America,, is the author of more ' than 26 books and booklets, an educator, priest and radio speaker. He has been especially acclaimed by the student body and townspeople in his other appearances on the University campus. The doors of the Music Hall open at 9:46, with the service starting at 10:30 a. m. r.s.k. R. D. Kelly Will Address Flying Club Open Meeting R. D. Klelly of Chicago, ME ’2f5, chief engineer in charge of research for United Airlines, will speak on “Practical Air Transportation” at the meeting of the Plying club on Mofiday evening, at 8 o’clock in room 304 of the Union. The meeting is open, to the public. Kelly has" been a guest speaker for the^special course in airline operations for aeronautics in the mechanical engineering school several times during the past few years. Union Art Club n i will hold its first meeting of , the school year Wednesday evening at/r:30 o’clock in room 84 of the Un^on. Boz Parks, director, invites all old members, as well as any oth‘er persons interested, to kttend. Plans involving activities for the remainder of the school year will be discussed.
Exponent Contracts Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Tuesday's Paper Will Carry First Stories Climaxing years of heretofore fruitless effort on the part of Exponent editors to procure wire service bn off-campus news, the Exponent yesterday signed a contract with the Chicago Daily News for the exclusive use of their foreign service in Lafayette. This service will offer to Exponent readers complete coverage of the war over England and the entire foreign situation from day to day. It will include any and all stories now appearing in the Daily News under the date line Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, which is recognized as one of the best for coverage ip the United States today, as well as‘certain commentary col■amns and by-lined features discussing the significance of the international situStion. The news will be handled out of Chicago and will appear in the Exponent the morning following its reception over the wires and short wave radio from Europe. Beginltiing with the issue of Tuesday morning, this service will become an integral part of the paper, and although it will not displace , campus news in the headlines, ample space will be allocated to give complete coverage, d.k.h. Students, Staff Attend Home Ec Field Day Fifteen students and two staff members represented the Home Economics department yesterday at the Annual Field Day sponsored by the Chicago grqup of Home Economics Business Women at the Knickerbocker hotel in Chicago. Seniors from approximately fifteen midwestem colleges and universities heard many , outstanding women in the field, of home economics. Esther Latzke “Marie Gifford” of Armour and. Company, 4 Agnes Reasor, ’30, of Swift aud Company, Louis Huston, American Bemberg Corporation, Bess Rowe of “The Farmer’s Wife,” and Nell l^ichols of “The Women’s Home Companion” editorial staff were
present.
Georgia Carroll, Veral Clausen, Gladys Cox, Dorothy Eberhardt, Rosemary Goodman, Thelma Good- ^ man. Marguerite Gustafson, Eugenia Hollis, Helen Hurych, Lydia Ann Hurd, Ann Loring, Avanelle Murphy, Ruth Parker, June Spry, and Frances Wallace are attending from here, They are being accompanied by Miss Edith Gamble and ^ Miss Philena Palmer, of the home ’ economics department, and Miss Irene Feldt, director of the women’s, placement service, jf.h. ^ Minneapolis Alumni Fete Boilermakers With Dinner Univ^sity alumni of Minnesota held a dinner in honor of the foot-' ball team last night in the St. Paul hotel, headquarters for -the grid Squad. Speakers at the dinner were Mai Elward, Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineq:i^g, G. A. Young and B. Baugh, alumni secretary. o.l.a. 1
By Jim Fraser Snow-laden Memorial Stadium in Minneapolis will be the battlefield this afternoon at 2 6’clock as an under-rated team of Boilermakers troop onto the field to battle the nation’s highest rated grid aggregation. Hoping for a more successful flirtation with Lady Luck than in preceding attempts, Mai Elward’s upsethungry gridders will enter the fray in the role of 2 to 1 under-
dogs.
All Minnesota and especially Minneapolis have been transposed into the wildest hive of football enthusiasm in the country since the beginning of the Gophers’/chain of successive victories. — Strike Qne
A mighty snowfall of blizzard proportions and the continuance of cold weather in the Gopher stamping grounds have given the Riveters a serious setback even before their arrival in Minnesota. The threatened Boilermaker passing flurry may be lost in a wilder flurry of snow, while Elward’s speedy backs will be slowed up by field conditions. Minnesota has speed but it doesn’t depend upon it to the extent that the
Waterfall Will Play For Mixer At 9 In Union
Warpy Waterfall and his Indiana university campus orchestra will provide the music for the regular mixer in the Union ballrooms from
9 to 12 o’clock tonight.
Waterfall became director of this band after its former leader, Hal Warpy Waterfall
and . . . Nancy Hall
. . . his vocalist,, who' will combine talents with Warpy at tonighFs Uil> ion milder. Lieber, was graduated a year ago« Under Lieber, the orchestra played in the cafeteria here for the Junior Prom of 1939. Played On “Iiidiana Roof” !|jast March, under Waterfall, Gold Peppers and their dates danced to the band’s' music at their spring formal. This summer, it broke all popularity records at the “Indiana Roof” in Indianapolis. ^ Dicing intermission tonight winners of the' Debris beauty contest will be annoTmoed. Deeerationa p«iA up for the Military Ball will be retained for this mixer, and the regular admissiongprice of $1.00 will prevail. f.i.j.
In addition to a rebroadcast of a ielegraphic report over WBAA, the Purdue-Minnesota football game in Minneapolis today will be broadcast direct from the field by WCCO, WTCN and WLB, aU of Minneapolis, and KS'TP, St. Paul. Game begins at 2 o’clock. Riveters do. Power is the keyword in the Gopher offense; power that has run amuck against Ohio State, ^Nebraska and others of the same calibre. Against Michigan, Bierman’s boys took advantage of a boggy field which slowed up the feared Michigan speed and struck with a sudden blow that meant possession of the famous “Jug” for another year. It is the ever-alert ability to capitalize on breaks that is the biggest factor in Minnesota’s undefeated record. Purdue Minnesota Rankin LE. —Fitch' Neff lt’ WUdung Miller LG Kuusisto Axton C Bjorklund Melton.. RG Pukema Timpermaa RT Odson Combs RE Johnson Kersey QB Paffrath Petty LH ^Smith - Buffington RH I^anck Carter FB .^Sweiger Anderson And Snyder Left Home Despite the loss of Paul Anderson and Rocky Snyder, who were left home because of injuries, the Boilermaker machine stands a good chance of out-guessing the experts and pulling the upset of the year. Only the Riveters and the oft-beaten ’Badgers bar Minnesota’s trail to an undefeated season and the Big Teh crown. Boilermakers who played in last year’s 13 to 13 deadlock are determined to start in where they left off and finish this Gopher problem. Byelene’s 66-yard sprint in the waning minutes of-the 1939 tilt was the high point of the game. Oh, Those Injuries The Boilermakers will he facing a team of Gophers that can nohr boast that they are at fuU strength, for the first time this year. While the injuries have been minor ones on the Gopher squad, jrst the opposite condition prevails in the Riveter camp. The losses of key players have (Continued on page 3) Debris Deadline Seniors who have not had thdb Debris proofs checked by 9 o^clo^ tonight will not have their pictore in^the yearbook. Debris (Petals said last night.!P^'
!P^'
PUR1>II^ EXPONENT
^urdoy. November l6. 194d
%>
^ 5"* Cfrfmnii
The Nazis reduced the little English town of Coventry to ashes yesterday. With the help of 460 tons of bombs. Now in this time of crisis. With a war going on. And high explosives at a premium. We figure that’s a sinful waste of gun powder. * • * All but a few streets were converted into rubble. We haven’t been able to figure out why the Germans passed them up. Unless it has something to do with the zoning ordnances. Or safety zones. * * * The Germans always were sticklers for rules. * * * Russia and Adolph have finally handed an ultimatum to Turkey. All they want is Istanbul. Which would give Russia full control of the Dardanelles, It’s either, or. * * * They have promised joint military action for the “or.” * * * In return Turkey is to receive French mandated Syria and Iraq. Including the Mosul oil fields and Tripoli pipe line. Controlled by Great Britain. He 41 III All they have to do is take it. * Hi * It’s going to be a slim winter in Hitlerdom we’re afraid. They’re already eating horses. And goats, and foxes, and wolves, and badgers. And now the government has legalized, and sanctified, and made it patriotic for all good Germans ... To eat dog meat.
ThePurdu^ Exponent — . — - Entered m lecond elaa* matter at the poet offiee to La* toyette, Indiana, nnd» the act of Oongreei of Ma^ $. 1879, and at the ipectal rate of poetaflje provided for to •eetion 1108, aet of October 8, 1917, authorised January 89, 1922. Published daily except Monday dUrtuB the resular academic year and weekly during the Sununer Beeeion. Delivered locally by earrier for $8.00 per year, mall anb■cription $8.60. ’ Editor-In-Chief JL W. Denalme Buetoest Itanacer Merle Hacemeyer Publication Staff News Editor -..J. H. McKm Managing Editmr —D. K. Heiple Aeaociate Editor*: W. X. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Pureell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trangott. Busineu Staff Local Advertteing Manager*: D. S. Power*, O. 0. Lander*; Promotion Manager, O. B* Danglemajer t Aecpnnt* Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor _Beth Simpson Associate Editor*: Mscry Kay Miller, Buth Bose, Donna 8ie**. Sporta Staff Editor. J. P, Dolan Associate Editor*: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, M. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representativee, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editori^Purcell Day Editor: Rose Issue Editor: McCullough Night Sports Ed.: Johnson Sophomore Staff: F. I. Jopea, D. T. Brophy, J. H Armstrong, O. L. Allanson, R. S. Kolb, E. G Kieper, M. J. Pox, J. Ramsdell and J. Frazer.
If they can catch the dogs. g * * * Returning to the bombing at Coventry. We discovered. By a simple method of computation, involving 900,000 pounds of TNT and 1000 dead Englishmen... That it takes 900 pounds of explosive to transport one Britisher from England to the hereafter, d.k.h.
Jimsdij. Jjcdk
Time Marches On .., say the editors of Time, and so it does, with the Exponent as with the world, for yesterday at exactly 5:25 p. m. Merle Hagemeyer, business manager of the Exponent, affixed her signature to the end of a sheet of paper that among clauses, stipulations, agreements, and price, gave the Exponent the exclusive use of the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service in Lafayette, consummating the desires of many an editor for a reliable and authoritative source of off-campus news. A Step Ahead ... we call it, and hope that you do too, as with fingers crossed we wait to see if its worth will match its cost. This service will bring to the campus and to Lafayette every morning the words of Helen Kirkpatrick, Leland Stowe, Robert J. Casey, Wallace R. Deuel and all the rest of the Daily News foreign staff, covering the four comers of Europe. The Eyes And The Ears . . . and the minds of the world today are turned toward the war, and it was with this in mind that the Exponent went about getting a service whose finger tips are on the source of the news, so that its readers might follow from day to day the latest trends in the international situation. Beginning Tuesday ... the foreign service will supplement, not replace, but supplement, campus news with stories on developments abroad. Look for it. We’re proud of this addition to our paper and so we say, “From now on for complete news coverage read the Purdue Exponent.” d.k.h.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT Baa*-R«iit-A-C*r Servic*. Car* for all oeeaaiona. Min. $2.60 aU night. Pbon*, 8407.
Typawrltara and adding aiaclitoaaw new and ued, for aale, r^t and repaired. AU makee of portable typewriter*, $89.76 to $69.60. Offiee euppllee. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. F. XbecahoS, 00$ Mate St. Phone 8770.
For Rent: Furnished rooms. Shower bath. One and one-half blocks from campus. Special rates. 122 Pierce St. 7764.
FOR SALE 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
LOST Lost: Kappa Alpha Theta pin. If found, call Martha Raub, 8231. Reward.
Lost: Decitrig slide rule. Name on case. R. D. Inglis. 5827. Reward.
Lost: Diamond studded Cameo ring, in or aear Pieldhouse. Reward. Pickerel, 8029.
Lost: Dietzgen slide rule, brown case Lost in Chemistry building laboratory. Reward Call A. J. Pormanek, 8421. Lost: Cameo ring gold mounting If found call Peggie Davis, 5031. Reward. Lost: One log-log duplex slide rule, initials W. M. on case tab Phone 36743.
Notices
Agricultural Education Society: Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 7:30 in west faculty lounge. Harry Davis, director of search of the Farm Equipment Institute, will speak. —CROOKS.
Union Sophomores: All available workers report at Union worship Saturday, November 16, at 1 p. m —CARPENTER.
Flying Club: Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 8 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —HABICHT
Zouaves: All actives and pledges report at 4 p. m. Monday, November 18, in the Armory without fail. —GIBSON.
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: Work schedule is posted in office. Check schedule and report on night assigned. —SIMPSON.
Sophomore Co-ed Union Workers: Compulsory meeting Saturday, November 16, for making costumes. —KERN.
Sophomore Union Worbers: Report at 1 p m Sunday, November 17, at Music Hall —BRANDT
Seniors: Dexheimer-Carlon will show senior picture proofs Thursday, Friday and Saturday, November 14, 15 and 16 from 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. m room 60, Union basement. Last opportunity to see proofs. -BREEDEN.
Novice Pistol Croup: Students firing in the Fifth Novice Pistol Group are reminded that the first meeting of this group is Monday, November 18. —BROWN.
Novice Pistol Group: There are several vacancies in the 4 o’clock section of the Fifth Novice Pistol Group. Students desiring to fire in this group, which begins firing Monday, November 18, may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. —BROWN.
Sliver Mask; Important meeting Thursday, November\ 21, 1940, 7:16 p. m., in room 808 of the Union. Please be present. -PITCHER.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, November 16, by schools as follows: A-E, Boom 101 Michael Golden Shops; F-K, Boom 254 Electrical Building, L-R, Room 129 Electrical Building; S-Z, Room 201 Civil Building. —KNAPP. Hiiiel Foundation: Elimination debate on the subject: “Resolved. That Organizations That Advocate Racial and Religious Discrimination Shall be Denied Freedom of Speech’’ at regular meeting Sunday, November 17, in room 804 of the Union All invited to attend. —KATZENBERG Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, November 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union All members please be prompt —GEBSTUNG Student Cooperative Association: Test SCA educational meeting, Saturday, November 16, at 1:16 p. m. in the Coop Room of the Union, —GRANT. Purdue Christian Foundation: Class and prayer wUl meet MondaF, Ntmtobar ML at 7:80 p. m. at 126 S. Chauncey. —REYNOLDS.
LUMA SUN.-MON.—2 HITS
HENRY FONDA RETURN OF FRANK JAMES"!
GENE TIERNEY JACKIE COOPER HENRY HULL
Plus—^2nd Hit-
wM. MSOIAAUER NAN GREY TOM BROWH EDGAR KENNEDY AUEN JENKINS
LAST DAY—2 HITS JACK HOLT in Fugitive from a Prison Camp
ALSO
WILLIAM'BOYD in "Three Men From Texas"
NaHI
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:00 p. m. It's Collegite! It's Colorful! It's Carefree!
Kissable ^o-eds,. Vootball heroes,. Fun, songs, totance, on a cdmfpus alive with and pept
LUCILLE BALL. lliHARD CitRliSOIS ANN MILLER EDDIE BRACKED FRANCES LANGFORD DESI ARNAZ H AL LeROY
— TODAY — MY FAVORITE WIFr Irene Dunne - Cary Grant
—The Ratio 3.93 • •• to ]
Well, it’s kinda late to be telling you about things that happened at Gold Diggers, but we haven’t had a chance so far, so with your indulgence, we will limit ourselves to one article. It concerns Gene Adams and Bob Pettibone. It seems as though they wanted to go to that brawl, so they called up their girls. Kappas Katie Ade and Alice Reed, respectively, and asked to be taken. They were very chagrined to learn that if they had waited just five minutes longer they would have received legitimate invitations. Don’t let them forget that for quite a while, boys and girls. Something New Something new in serenade tactics was exhibited by the Phi Taus the other night when they bound Ralph Hultgren hand and foot and laid him at the feet of his pin girl. Alpha Z Mary Lee (Hey, that rhymes). It kinda spoiled the effect though because she had to spend the whole serenade untying him. Flash—^woman untangles man. (Boy, that’s news.) More Gold Diggers . . . By the.way here’s another story about Gold Diggers that I just can’t resist. The Phi Gams, you know, dressed up one of their pledges to act as their house mother for that night, and they had a devil of a time finding shoes to fit him. Guess where they finally found a pair—that is Tight, at the Kappa House, and they were the property of Jean Montgomery. Why Men Shoot Themselves Here’s a pin story that’s really one for the books. Triangle Bill Dowey tried for a whole year to pin Alpha Chi Ruffner, but he couldn’t do any good, so he gave Brother Bob Allen his blessing to date b^r. He had cause to regret that blessing because Allen wasted no time on getting a pin on her. The funny part is that he pinned her with an ASME pin, and accordingly the brothers are asking only cigarettes of him. Well, the beauty contest is tonight and already we are hearing about the fabulous beauty of some of the entries. But that isn’t all we’ve heard about them. For instance, Maren Chesnutt is making quite a name for herself around here for her adroit handling of the manpower. She has John McAllister be-
Deciding Points Rich, heavyweight pliant calf^ Weather - proofed protection Hand-stained (antique) finish Authentic styling. Beautiful shoemaking. Ask for Freeman No. 874 A. B. C. ' Shoe Co., Inc. 406 MAIN ST. PHONE 2boi
GI^IN AND BEAR IT
By LIcthy
•5^
y
Penalty Dates During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are November 20, 22, from noon December 20 to noon December 21, and January 6. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. A student who is absent from on^ or more classes during any of these four days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each 24-hour period or fraction thereof missed. Dean of Men. lieving that he is the one and only along with about nine other guys. That abbreviation OAO should be said to mean “One Amongst Others” in this case.
Band Will March Today In Pre-Christmas Parade The University Military Band will lead off today’s annual Lafayette Christmas Parade before an anticipated crowd of 30,000 spectators. The procession will start from a point between the levees at 1:30! o’clock, marching down Main street to Ninth and returning along Columbia street to the levee park. In addition to the University musicians, the parade will include 11 other bands from Lafayette and nearby (towns, numerous floats and giant balloons, j.h.a.
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY— triclJu dowi 01 coiitirfiltirsi
Jack Halt aurstaethB HMIlHUMir
PLUS-
Zane Grey’s niU6Hror msniulsrMts A Poromount Plctor*
— ALSO-
'FIRST RUN NEWS
-SUNDAY - MONDAYTOO MANY HUSBANDS " BARRICADE FISH follies'
MimSEIU Starts TOMORROW
IMILLIONS OF READERS COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN! I And now it springs to thriHI" life on the screen!
SHEARER’TAYLDR CONRAD VEIDT • NAZmVA Felix BRESSART • Albert BASSERMANN i PhUlpDORN • Bonito GRANVILLE
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
MARJORIE RAMBEAU«ALAN HALE JANE VyYMA_N-RONALD REAGAN
The season’s biggest, most important picture!..#unfolding a drama of feud and flame that swept the West like a prairie fire. A great story for Goldwyn —great entertainment for you!
SAXUEL OOLPWYN preBontB oAinrcoonK ' wHhWAXiTBB. BB.ENXAR FRED STONE * DORIS DAVENPOttT
Starts TODAY
T
i, V
t)
‘You hoid me I—It’s ragout de boeuf au Casselotti wit’ asparagus tips au Henri!” iw W I i 1' »
„ . !'■ ;
;■ 'A.-
, 1..
■r
i-V
f.
f , 'S
,1.
, i
'' , 4- «
£xi3onBid
Sci^4^* 16/1140
Ai
Riveter Cross Country Men Travel To Big Ten Meet
lllusiOK
By i?in|r]|e^ Sports Editor, B^nnesotA 0«ily When Aionjpi coaching Chicago, fo,htbnll ^h the dim days when ilje B^iaroons 'wrere win*ning conference qh^mpinnshins, the grand old rna^n oi the Mjdway nsed to make an annnal statement . . . “I fear Purdue.” Today, Minnesota’s Bhrnie Bier-' man would do well to borrow Stagg’s refrain. Coach Bierman has brought the Gophers through threequarters of their exacting 1940 schedule without a setback. Minnesota has two games left, one with Purdue and one with Wisconsin a week from Saturday. The Gophers have high hopes of an undefeated season but . . . “Bierman fears Purdue.” Why? In the first place, Minnesota has played a terrific schedule, perhaps the toughest in the country. Every football team is in danger of letdown, or off day, some time during the season. The Gophers haven’t had a bad day so far this season, and they can’t afford to have one against Purdue. And Bierman expects the Boilermakers to be pointing for this one. Minnesota fans think so too. There is a feeling, up here in the Northwest, that the 13-7 defeat that the Boilermakers took at the hands of Fordham last Saturday does not mean a thing. We look for Purdue to have a great day against Minnesota. Those of you who are making the trip to Minneapolis for the game are going to see a different Minnesota team than the one which tied Purdue, 13-18, in 1939. In the first place this is the “fightingest” football team thab Minnesota has had in years. The 1940 -Gophers play every game for-keeps and they possess remarkable poise
to go with their fight. Witness the fact that they have come from behind to win in three games this season. Also, Minnesota is considerably stronger at qvery position this year. That goes for the line in particular. Bierman has two complete sets of linemen to throw into every game. And that makes a difference in Minnesota defensive play. If you asked the Minnesota eleven which Purdue player they fear most, the Gophers would be likely to answer, “Dave Rankin.” They Can’t forget how Rankin scored the first Purdue touchdown last year, TVith the prettiest catch of a forward pass that Minnesota has seen in a long time. Rankin was covered by two Gopher backs on the play^but he went up just a little higher than they and speared the ball with one hand. It is no secret the Minnesota pass defenses have been shaky all this year and Rankin is the boy who can make the best pass defense look foolish. So the Gophers will be watching him today. The No. 2 man bn the Minnesota “caution list” is Mike Byelene, the slippery halfback whose 45-yard run in the last quarter tied up the 1939 ball game. We understand that Byelene is the touchdown threat of the Purdue squad. He’ll be the man to watch on plays outside of tackle. He scored on Minnesota last year, but he’ll have to go some to slip past the powerful Gopher defense this' season. If he can break away, morb power to him, but up here w^ hope he doesn’t. If Byelene duplicates his run of last year he will be the first back of 1940 to turn the trick against Minnesota. Bill Green of Iowa ran 27 yards for a touchdown in the Go-pher-Hawkeye game here, but not even Tommy Harmon has scored from outside the Minnesota 30--yard line.-(In-facVHarmQn_didni_ score at all.)
' Field
1
Intramural Sports SQUASB—TODAY Court 1 1:00 Alpha Gamma Rho. 1:45 Beta Sigma Psi. 2:80 Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 2 . 1:00 Sigma Phi Epsilos, 1:46 Beta Theta Pi. Sk 2:80 Sigma Chi. Court 3 1:00 Alpha Kappa Lambda. 1:45 Acacia. 2:30 Phi Kappa Psi. TOUCHBALL—MONDAY
7:00 7:16 8:00 8:16
Cary Hall 7 vs. Winner (Cary Hall 9 vs.
Cary Hall 10). Captain, Adams.
6 Ward 26 vs. Ward 14. Shavr, Hawkins. 7 Ward 6 or 6 vs. Ward 8 or 33. Kutz,
McCarty.
BASKETBALL—MONDAY
Court 1, Jim Mann Ward 1 vs. Ward 2.
Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4.
Ward 3 vs. Ward 4. Court 2, Hugh Young
7:00 I Ward 6 vs. Ward 6. 7 :i6 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 6. /OO Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 8. 8:16 Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall 13.
Court 3, F. Weber
7:00 » Ward 11 vs. Ward 18. 7:16 Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:00 Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 12. 8 :i6 Ward 14 vs. Ward 16. Riveter Eleven Compares Favorably To Minnesota Statistically, there is little difference between the Riveters and Gophers as they point to their battle Saturday. However, the conference standings have Minnesota grooved in first place with the Riveters tied
in sixth place.
The figures given below compare the conference performances of the season for both teams. After the first three points'^ of comparison the figures are on a per-game basis.
p.b.l. Mfan.
Games •* Points 67 Opponent’s Points 81 Net Yards Per Game 249 By Rushing 228 By Passing 21 OpiHjnent’s Net Yards 231 By Rushing 162 By Passing 69 First Downs 10.2 Opponent’s First Downs 18.2 Forwards Attempted 4.2 Opponent’s Forwards Complete 7.2
Riveters Face Minnesota Continued from page 1 set the Boilermakers reeling, time and time again. First it was Kersey, then Byelene, Rankin, Rossi and now it’s Anderson and Snyder. Lady Luck has been dealing the Riveters rotten hands all year long, while the Gophers have been thriving on luck and the proficient toe of Joe Mernik, who has kicked the Gophers into the win column on three occasibns. Snow? And How! Tuesday’s near-blizzard left the Memorial Stadium field full of four foot drifts that are now requiring a crew of 130 men and a steamshovel to cleRn up. The storm also gave Bemie Bierman the scare of his life when Bruce Smith, the Gopher climax runner, was marooned for three days in his homd town and didn’t arrive in Minneapolis ufitil Thursday. After the field is cleared, it will be covered by a tarpaulin and hay and the stands will be cleaned up for an expected throng of 63,000 fans. The predicted thaw for today will probably turn the field into a duplicate of the Ann Arbor bog that the Gophers played in last Saturday.
Punts, Average — 40.B Ball Lost On Fumbles 1.2
Par.
8
48 37 266 169 86 197 114 83 11 9.8 11 4.3
Rig Ten Standings W L T Minnesota 4 0 0 Northwestern 4 1 0 Michigan 1 1 0 Wisconsin 2 2 0 Ohio State 2 2 0 Purdue 1 2 0 Indiana 1 '2 0 Iowa 1 3 0
0
8B.e Illinois .t::::::.^0-
P 67 97 34 46 54 4823 48 20
Cold Weather Is Here Ward It Off With Sturdy Jackets and Pants They’re warm, comfortable, tough and they’re economical, see— Senior and Gray Cords (Slide Rule Rocket) $2.98 Suede Pants (Moleskin) ,-$3.98
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
Street 224 Main
ONLY TWO MORE GAMES before Another footbaU season draws to a close, but these last two games are .plenty tough. However, as “Doc” said, “We believe we can beat Minnesota, and if we think it and believe it we can do it!” The same holds true for Indiana, but there is no doikbt in our minds as to the victor of that game.
Peter Anderson Company
6th ’and Alabama Streets
‘‘After You We Come First” \
Experts Pick Indiana To Cop Conference Crown With the Western Conference cross country championship at stake in Chicago Monday afternoon, seven determined young men will carry the Old Gold and Black into the fray in an attempt to wrest the title from Wisconsin’s Badgers. The contingent will leave tomorrow noon and will make the trip by car, staying at the south side Windemere hotel. Those making the trip are Captain Holderman, Appleton, McLaughlin, Reeves,
Stanley, Jarvis and Jentsch. - The scene of this event is WashPractice Arranged For IM Net Squads
OP 31 44 7 76 76 37 47 77 •m
With the close of football season in view, attention is naturally being turned to basketball. Practices have already been scheduled in preparation for the annual Cary Hall, ward and inter-fraternity tournaments. The inter-fratemity schedule has been arranged so that the league will be divided into sections—an upper bracket of the highest ranking teams in last year’s schedule and a lower bracket or league comprised of the eleven fraternities who stood lowest in last year’s tournament. The regular schedule will be started soon after Thanksgiving.
Bowling Statistics November 4-8, 1940 HIGH TEAM SETS Agriculture Extension 2699 Electrical Engineering 2468 Dairy 1 2437 Animal Husbandry 2384 fflGH INDIVIDUAL SETS Seaton 600 Lee 679 Anderson 668 Culp 643 HIGH team games Agriculture Extension 937 General Stores .'. 847 Electrical Engineering 847 Agriculture Engineering 839 HIGH INDIVIDUAL GAMES Seaton 244 Lee 213 Anderson 210 Winch 209 LEAGUE STANDING "W 1* Poultry ! 16 6 Agronomy 14 7 Civil Engineering 14 7 Agriculture Extension 14 7 J. H. R. P 14 7 Animal Husbandry 13 8 Physics 13 8 Executive 2 12 9 Horticulture 1 12 9 English 12 9 General Stoires 12 9 Agriculture Engineering 12 9 Agriculture Chemistry 3 11 10 Executive 1 11 16 Farm Management 10 11 Speech lo 11 Dairy 2 10 11 Mechanical Engineering 9 12 Chemical Engineering 9 12 Dairy 1 9 12 Chemistry 1 9 12 Biology 9 12 Agriculture Chemistry 2 9 12 Electrical Engineering 9 12 Agriculture Chemistry 1 8 13 General Engineering 8 18 Union 7 14 Horticulture 2 7 14 Chemistry 2 ; 7 14 Chemistry 8 6 16 HIGH TEAM SET TO DATE Agriculture Extension 2704 HIGH TEAM GAME TO DATE Agriculture E:^nsion 991 HIGH WEEKLY IhlDIVIDUAL GAME Seaton ' 244 HIGH INDIVIDUAL SETS TO DATE Hoefer 1. I„.643 Weitkamp 603 Seaton 600 HIGH INDIVroUAL GAMES TO DATE Hoefer 247 Seaton .!.'....."..244
in^on Park in the Windy City and the curtain goes up at 2:30 p. m. The course is flat and is four miles
in length.
Indiana Is Favorite
Indiana’s Hoosiers will be the popular choice to depose Wisconsin as titleholders. The present champions will come to the race less one Walter Mehl, who set the pace in
last year’s meet.
Graduation took its toll and Indiana, on the strength of Kane, Tolliver and Hedges, is generally expectedjto move up onto the top rung as a result. Riveter Ed Holderman finished second to Mehl and will probably reign as favorite to cop individual honors. His record for thi^ season shows but one setback. Riyeters Have Chance As a team the Riveters are conceded a chance to move up also. In 193fi they finished in a deadlock with Ohiii State for third place. Because of a victory over Wisconsin and because they barely missed beating Ohio State, the Riveters are given a good chance Jto take second place and’ a fighting chance at the
crown.
The Boilermakers worked out last night to the tune of five miles, running easily, and a two mile jaunt will comprise the workout for today. > Season Nears Close Coach Herman Phillips commented that this would be the last race of the season for many of his charges, as only the national collegiate fenmins ^ the “^hedule. Be estimated that on the average each of the nmners has clicked off about 240 miles since the season started,
e.c.y.
Richards Becomes Distinguished Alum “Distinguished Altimni Award” was presented to Charles Russ Richards, ’90, president emeritus of Lehigh university, yesterday evening at his home in St. Paul. Richards, who was to have received the award last Gala Week, was unable to be present because of a heart ailment which confined him to his bed. ’The award to Richards is the fourth given to alumni fordistinguished service, the others going to George Ade, John T. McCutcheon and Bruce Rogers. o.l.a.
ON TRACK
.$9jOO
Raymoor Poca. Lump^...'.
New River Sewell Seam
Not one dissatisfied customer in 3 years so it must be good. A trial ton today will convince you of its merits. North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th & Hain St.
Phone 5101
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Av«. Phone 4945
School SHppHm DBAirS Everything for a College Education
• Jeweler^
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist
504 AAain St.*4^‘'"V'" » *' * \p< ’ , ' . .* “ X
-trrr^^r^Ti
.fH 1^ Vd, K 4w.,,i^
^uy’--I }■* j «r'*'t'vA^I •*,^
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, November 16, 1940
English,‘Department's Bugbear About this time each school year the English department starts clamping down on the punctuation, spelling, sentence construction and what-have-you used by University juniors and seniors'in their test papers. By the time a junior gets to be a junior the sight of the wellknown “yeHar” paper doesn’t cause all of the heart palpitations and last minute review of facts that it had during those first two test-crazed years. By that time, a guy or gal realizes that he or she knows or doesn’t know the course and that last minute worrying doesn’t do a darned bit of good. That was before the English department stepped in. Now, the lads and lassies not only have to know what they’re talking about but also how to write it. As we heard one professor say, “A person must be familiar with his subject to write about it in readable, good English.” This seems sound to us. It could be, therefore, that not only i the English department can cause you" trouble by checking up on your grammar and spelling, but that your instructors may get a criteria of your knowledge of the subject in the same manner. Our advice (and we hope we can follow it) is to watch commas, periods, spelling, construction as well as facts when writing an hour exam. Remember, they’ve got to have at least a page and a half of \vritten material before they can submit it to red pencil and pen, so don’t worry about short quizzes. Just watch those long ones, j.a.p.
Personnel
Purdue Mothers, Dads Hold Autumn Dinner Meetings Purdue Mother’s and Dad’s clubs in Detroit, Gary, Chicago and Indianapolis are holding their fall dinner meetings this month, according to Dr. Robert L. Phillips, faculty advisor for the parents’ clubs. The Detroit club met November 4, -with Controller R. B. Steviart as the speaker.^ On November 9, the Gary club met in the Gary YMCA. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics and Dr. L. M. Sears of the history department were the speakers. The Chicago group meets November 15 in the new Henrici restaurant. Speakers are Dean M. L. Fisher and Dr. George David. On No“vember 29, the Indianapolis club will meet in the auditorium of the American Central Life Insurance company. The speaker has not yet SMARTER LEGS
p
m
i ^EUE-SHARMEERi ^ H I N C SLEEK, smooth stockings MEAN smarter legs EVERY TIME. Insist on BELLE-SHARMEER STOCKINGS SIZED to fit the shape of YOUR LEGS. And perfectly PROPORTIONED in length. JUST ask for BREV for smalls. MODITE for middlings. DUCHESS for tails. CLASSiq^ for plumps. HERE exclusively. $1.00 to $1.65 a pair THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
USN Air School Graduates Commandant of the United States Naval flying school at Pensacola, Fla., announces the graduation of Donald McCoy, BS ’39, and Carl Schmuck, BSME ’39. After flight training as aviation cadets, they aie now under ordeis for active duty m the United States fleet. Schmuck has been ordered to Pearl Harbor and McCoy to Coco Solo a c.
Delta Chi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Bill Feik, East Chicago; Pete Vanderlinden, Cliicago; Owen Swartz, Otsego, Mich.; Bill Renfranz, Yankton, S. Dak., and Bob Klein, Gary.
Company: Equitable Life Assurance Society—Wisconsin Agency. Company’s Products: Life Insurance. Representative: Mr. Karl A. Crane, ’33. Date of Visit: Friday, November 22, 1940. Will Interyiew: Science February 'and June graduates. Types of Positions: Wisconsinsales representatives of company. Special Qualifications and Information: Interested students must sign up in Dean Ender’s office by 4:30 p. m. Tuesday, November 19, to be considered. Company: Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Compaity’s Products: Electric and Pneumatic Control Systems. Types of Positions: Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Electrical or Mechanical, January graduates. Salary: $100.00. Company: Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Company’s Products: Chain, Sprockets, Conveyors, Elevators. Types of Positions: Production, Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Engineering, January graduates. Company: Standard Oil Company (Ohio). Company’s Products: Petroleum Products. Types of Positions: Training course leading to Production and Transportation Departments. Training Desired: Senior Ch. E., M. E. Special Qualifications and ' Information: Those interested in being considered should fill out personnel blanks furnished by the Personnel office. These blanks must be completed not later than November 19. Company: Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, Research Laboratories, Detroit, Michigan. Types of Positions: Research or Field Engineering. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering, January men. Special Qualifications and Information: Training course for a period of one
J/uL UniofL (^lub fiDOMA. Signify convenience at your finger-tips.
Telephones Baths Meals Entertainment ' ’ —— JhsL PWtduSL TIlmuo^djcdL UnmfL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
year starting in Februaty. Men interested must fill out application blanks which may be secured at the Personnel office. Booklets describing this training course may be seen at the Personnel office. Company: Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, Detroit, Michigan. Company’s Products: Ethyl Fluid. Representative: R. R. Faller. Date of Visit: November 18 and 19/ 1940. Will Interview: M. E. seniors (January and June) interested only in motors and fuels. Types of Positionsii Training course. Salary: $130 per month. Special Qualifications and Information: Group meeting at 7:30 p. m. Monday, November 18, conference room of the Executive building. Individual interviews on Tuesday, November 19. Information regarding this training course may be seen at the Personnel office. Application blanks, secured from the Personnel office, must be completed by noon, November 18. Company: The Proctor & Gamble Company, Ivorydale, Ohio. Company’s Products: Soaps, Cooking Fats. Representative: Messrs. Watt
and Dietz. Date of Visit: December 3 and 4,1940’". Will Interview: Seniors apd graduate students in EE, ChE, ME, Chem. Types of Positions: Production management, chemical .engineering development. Salary: Bachelor’s Degree, $140.00; Master’s Degree, $160.00. Special Qualifications and Information: “"All interested men must take the test administered by this company November 18 at 7 p." m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. Literature describing opportunities with this company may be seen at, the Personnel office. Company: Standard Oil Company of Indiana. ^ Representative: D." A, Monro, Chief Engineer, Whiting Refinery. Date of Visit: Wednesday, November 20. Will Interview: ME’s, June graduates and June MS candidates. Types of Positions Manufacturing Engineer Department. Special Qualifications and Information: Only those who sign up by Monday, November 18, by^4:30 p. m., will be considered.
Ann Miller dances her way through the captivating picture version of “Too Many Girls” which has its prerelease showing for Indiana at the New Main Theatre starting midnight prevue tonight.
You Get the "PLUS" in Quality in Crown Cleaning Some call it “DOUBLE VALUE” Cleaning. All Wool Garments are moth-proofed by the Monite Process as they are cleaned. No extra charge for this extra attention to your clothes. @301713 LaUHDRY riME CLEANE RS OF FINE CLOTHES
The
Is DRAWING NEAR Do you realize that you have only until November 20th to get your 1941 Debris for only $4.00, a small price to pay for one book you will always enjoy re-reading? I ( See Your Salesman This Minute! dfeh/ddu “Qjt. JthsL TtlodsuuL. TyUmmuC!
u
<)
i I
V \ h T J V V r