y<;illuine 53, No. 112
^iVest Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, February 7,
wwn MHanr-«a
By Brew Pearson aAdnol^ert S. Allen
Boilermakers Battle Hawkeyes Tonigly
Riveters N^ed Win CoC To AddfCSS
Con VO
. frier JCi^nsorship Kept A^enriilres Ill-Informed Qn riW-American Parley RlW r)h ii'NEIRO, Feb. 6. — A potent lesson for the Unit^ States in the experience of the Alherifiati delegation with Argentine censorship. The Argentine Government had imposed a strict censorship on all neWspapei’s and radio stations regarding news of what actually took place among the Pan-American foi - ei^n ministers trying to bieak Axis relations at Rio. This censorship required that Aigentine newspapers print only facts—no comment, no criticism of Argentine policy. In fact the general censorship so forbidding that, in reporting victorites of the Russian army, newspapers were forbidden to publish news of a military advance unless the editor was in a position to prove personally the number of miles gained. Ppppsad to this censorship were the U. S. delegation, the B]fa‘zilian delegation, in fact about 10 Pa'n-J^merican foreign ministers who* Wanted the Argentine people to know the real truth about anti-Axis and anti-Argen-tihe'sentiment at Rio. Also opposed to the Argentine censorsHip were a young army of Buenos 41r0s newsmen and a majority of the Argentine delegation. All of the above figured that the more the Argentine people knew about thp attempt to isolate the Western Hemisphere from the Axis, the tougher it would be for the isolationist semi-dictatorship of Argentine’s President Castillo to resist breaking relations. In other words, the U. S. State Department and 90 per cent of the other Pan-American foreign ministers were rooting for the basic principles of democracy—believing that if the people knew the truth, the people’s reaction would be i ight. In fact, it was figui ed that the Argentine people’s reactions would be so right and so overwhelming that President Castillo’s government could not stand out against them. • Short Wave Bottled However, very little of what really happened at Rio de Janeiro got by the censors to the Argentine people. Various attempts weie made to give Buenos Aires the truth. NBC’s conijpetent Buck Canel, speaking in Spanish, broadcast the news dry jihortwavs every night from Rio. But tjie Ar|;entine Government reduirM his broadcasts to be taken pown in disc form and censored before tbjy bp re-broadcast. And wfielir one of the Merry-do-Rounders broadcast word that Congressman Taborda, he,ad of the Argentine “Dies Committee,” had come to Rio to try to tell the tijuth to the Argentine public; and how ihost of the Argentine delegation favored breaking with the Axis, the Argentine Government put up barriers against further shortwave broadcasts. On the whole, the Aigentine censorship was successful. It is doubtful that the majority of the Argentine people got wind of the critical an4 isolhtionist position in which their government was placed at Rio. In time, of course, this news will leak thl'ough, but it did not leak through soon enough to take effect. • Moral To U.S.A. The moral of this difficult censorship situation was not missed by various Pan-American delegates — namely, if you are fighting a war to defeat Hitlerism, you lose the democratic principles for which you are fighting if you throttle the pi ess. Fortunately and wisely. President Roosevelt has been broadminded wheh it comes to press criticism. and today censorship in the U. S|A. has not throttled criticism. Paradoxically, the only attempt (Continued on page 2)
Albjerg Reviews Pre-War Events Lecturer Explains Reasons For Present World Conflict
By Ken Roquemore
Speaking before an audience of about 200 students, faculty and townspeople, Prof. V. L. Albjerg of the University history, economics and government department presented the second in a series of six defense lectures yesterday afternoon at 4 in the Music Hall. After being introduced by Richard A. Dibos, chairman of the Student War Council, who presided at the lecture, Albjerg launched his speech with a review of the peace which followed World Wai I, stating that “from that time on Hitler swore vengeance on the Allies.”
Germany Builds
He pointed out that piior to Hitler’s succession to the German chancelloiy in 1933, such vengeance Was cairied out only very surreptitiously, and consisted of undercover building of roads, arms and ammunnition, for which Germany borrowed an amount of money six times greater than that which she was
paying for war debts.
Prof. Albjerg brought out the Bob Fowler who will bring his fact that immediately following the orchestra to the campus tonight signing of the^ Versailles treaty, the the regular Satui^day night
mixer tonight in the Union ball-
7o Remain In Race
IOWA
Hill Chapman .. .. Kuhl Siegel
foundations for the present war were laid. German soldiers and officers enlisted in the French and Russian armies in order to continue their military knowledge and be
piepared for the next wai.
“Son Of War”
Albjerg then went on to state that Hitler was the “son of war,” reminding the audience that although he was wounded for a short time in World Wai I, he returned to the front lines immediately upon his recovery and also pointing out his unmerciful bombings of Barcelona in the Spanish Civil War to test fhe power of his air force. In discussing Hitlei’s piopaganda, (Continued on page 4) Engineers Of Indiana Society To Hold Dinner At Union February 17
room.
Fowler's Band Plays At Union Mixer Tonight Regular Saturday mixer in the Union ballroom tonight will feature the music of Bob Fowler and his orchestra. The Fowler crew is composed of eleven men and Sharon
Lynn, girl vocalist.
PROBABLE LINEUPS '
PURDUE POSITION
Sprowl ! F Tierney F Menke- C Blanken G
Riley G Harsha OFFICIALS—Referee, Gilbert McDonald, Wisconsin; umpire, L. W. Whitford, Iowa State Teachers, Broadcast: WBAA,
7:30 p.m. By Ted Clark
When Piggy Lambert’s speed merchants trot out onto the Fieldhouse court tonight to face the Hawkeyes of Iowa there will probably be in evidence a determined bid on the part of the home five to gain a victory at all costs. Another loss for Captain Don Blanken and his mates would mean an almost fatal blow to any Boilermaker chances of gaining’a first division berth in the unpredictable higgdy-piggely Western Con-
ference basketball lottery.
However, an equally determined—yet sadly underrated— group of lowans will be striving to avert defeat and emerge with a five and three standing. The Purdue speedsters started ' I. ; the season auspiciously with
three winning games from second division opposition and then, when the going got tough, proceeded to drop a like number of contests to foes
of a higher bracket.
So it’ll be a case of “now or nev-
er” for both parties. Looks For Improvement
Lambert seems confident that Sprowl - Tierney - Menke - Blan--ken-Riley combination will find itself tonight . . . and find the basket,
too.
All of the Hawk losses have been of the movie scenario variety, which gives support to the theory that Rollie Williams’ lads will be tough now
All-Campus Relief Campaign Nets $53 In First Three Days Students Fdil To Back Drive; PIA Gives $50
All-University Relief Fund Drive continued yesterday with contributions being received at a special table outside the Sweet Shop in addition to the intensive campaign bcin| carried on in various campus organizations. Less than a dollar
wa,s received at the Sweet Shop , , . „ , . , , table yesterday. This brought the that the Big Ten race has just about total amount that has been obtained ^ «ght for secin the three-day old campaign to team from $53, $50 of which was contributed *• o pn,n o.nwo
by the PIA on the first day.
out where the tall coin grows' has a rathfer neat average offensive
the second annual dinner of the Lafayette Chapter of the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers to be held in the Union on Tuesday, Feb. 17, at 6:30 p.m. The Lafayette Chapter, organized two years ago, covers fifteen of the mhldle counties of Indiana, including Benton, Boone, Carroll, Cass, Clinton, Fountain, Fulton, Jasper, Miami, Montgomery, Newton, Pulaski, Tippecanoe, Waiien and White. About 52 engineeis aic membeis of the Chapter. Periy T. Fold, consulting engineer of Columbus, Ohio, past national piesident of the society and at present secietaiy of the Ohio Engineers and Surveyois Board of Registration will be the gue.,t speakei. Engineers and their wives from all parts of the State are expected
to attend.
Tickets may be had from the committee in charge composed of T. E. Shelburne, T. H. Wiight, H. B. Overesch of Lafayette; P. S. Diwert of Frankfort; Roger Moss and M. M. Poiter of Crawfordsville; and Donald Caipenter of Veederbuig.
Suzanne Grabfelder, HE ’43, who fetter than 47 points per game, has been working at the Sweet Shop Something Of Who’s Who stand said yesterday, “We have Fans attending tonight’s game been very disappointed in the re- will see Hill and Chapman at forsults so far, and with the coopera- wards, Kuhl at center and Siegel tion of the student body.” She went and Harsha at guards. Chapman on to explain that if each student leads his team in the conference
This is the initial appearance of would donate ten cents, the goal of scoring struggle with 73 poiijts in the Fowler band on the University the campaign on this campus would seven games and may be considered campus, Fowler is a graduate of be reached. the greatest single threat because the Cincinnati Conservatory of jyjany Groups Benefit of his consistency. Hill, Chapman’s Music and was formerly a drummer Student Service partner up front, is a good passer
Fund, British War Relief, United and is the feed man of the team. China Relief, Golden Rule Organiza- Ben Trickey—and that last name tion. United Seivice Organizations must not be taken in jest—is the and the Ameiican Field Service are dangerous reserve who established the organizations which will benefit a new Iowa Fieldhouse scoring recfrom the donations. ord of 28 points against Chicago’s The Relief Fund Coordinations hapless Maroons. Milt Kuhl, towerCommittee is sponsoring the drive ing center is an important cog in to combine the campaigns of the the Hawk machine, though not aldiffeient groups lepresented into ways a power in the scoring columil.
with Teddy Hahn’s oichestra. Among the featuied units of the band are the “Bobcats,” a small swing combination presenting the leader on the vibra-phone with other
Plans are near ing completion for members of the orchestra playing
the clarinet, sax, trumpet, piano, bass and drums and a modern glee
club.
The dance will last from 9 to 12 and the usual admission price of $1.10 will be charged, k.g.r.
Religious
Pastor Will Speak In Music Hall Tomorrow At 10:30 A. M. Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, pastor of the First Congrega^i^i^ Church at Oak Park, 111., will address the February convoc4* tion for worship. The year’s third Convocation will be held in the Music Hall at 10:30 tomorrow morning. Dr. Coe will sp^k
on the topic, “We Can Becoihe What We Will.” ' ‘ ,
Dr. Coe, who spoke on
campus four years aga, is
known in religious circles
a minister of strong convi|«>
tions. He has delivered
dresses and sermons at colleges aitd universities throughout the Eastern States as well as here in the Mid-
dle West. - ’
Religious Writer
Although he has a full-time pas« ftorate in a large suburban chuz^Hr Dr. Coe still finds time to write faff
religious journals and to’
books. His book, “Born for Victor^ Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, pastor , , I iM and attitude on many social of the Oak Park, IN , First Con- ternational political probteiftS.« gregational Church, will speak His activities are not,’hoW^ez'» at the year's third Religious confined to the ministry aird jetiSrConvocation tomorrow morning nalism. He is the chairman in the Music Hall executive committee of the (5^^ Council of the Congregational
Christian Churches, and
the Federal Council Comi1i)iss$i^
studying the “Bases of a
Durable Peace.”' , ' L'
Yale Graduate
Dr. Coe graduated from'
University in 1922 and has looting in Europe. Although he fou^ht'.^
the First World War, he is a
“The way to shorten the war is advocate of peace and has dellv^p^ to produce more and more equip- many peace addresses on Hw ment in less and less time,” de- cific coast. ..'j dared A. A. Potter, ,Dean of En- in addition to the addres/hy 1^. gineering, who spoke yesterday be- Coe the University Choir fore the 75 officers and other repre- voices, with Albert P. SteWj^ sentatives of industry on campus director, will sing. The ipe^ar# this week for the plant protection primarily for students and'*ie^/ conference. He went on to say, “Any but the general public is inVi^ slowing up of our productive effort, attend free of charge, j.d.^ '
whether due to sabotage or any other cause is serious. An accident either to man or machine, due to carelessness or sabotage, produces the
same effect on our war effort. “The whole idea back of plant
protection efforts by the University is to cooperate with all safety agencies, police, firemen, those in chigrge of training or others so that thei’e will be no let-up or interrup-
Potter Speaks To Industrial Plant Officers
Teachers Will Me^
’■ * -j
At University T6da|;, For Special InstHuhi. Over 1,000 teachers reprOhehil^
tion in production of materials es- twelve counties in this distri^W
sential to the fullest war effort.”
Undergraduate Dames , . . will hold an open house at 7 :^30 p. m. Tuesday m the west faculty loutlgc of the Union. The organization is composed of wives of undergraduate students. Students married this yeaj are invited to attend.
one single understaking. It was hoped to eliminate continual soliciting with this drive which will end next Thursday and which is expected by the officials in charge to be the biggest undertaking of its kind ever to be held on the campus. Central Office Fafculty conti ibutions are being made thiough the heads of their schools. Deadline for all donations is noon next Thuisday. p.g.h.
Kuhl—all six-and-one-half-feet of him—is invaluable* at snaring rebounds from the offensive and defensive bankboards. He has accumulated 64 points against conference opposition, a goodly majority of these markers coming via the tip-
in method.
Taube Draws Comparison Vic Siegel was a forward last year, but has shifted to the back(Continued on page 3)
90 Attend Sessions
The sessions of the five-day training school for instructors who will train war-time protection units in their own factories were attended
gather at the University today a special teachers’ institute sored by the division of edacai||t!l and applied psychology. ^ The principal speakers will bd Bifb
Learn To Stutter Properly ... Speech Clinic Records^ Articulatory Defects For
Corrects Students
University To Change To War Time Monday
Beginning Monday, the University will operate on the new “War 'Time” in accordance with the President’s recent proclamation. Monday morning the Central Standard Time now in effect will be advanced one hour, and classes will start on the new daylight saving time, designated as “War Time” by President Roosevelt. The new time will be in effect for the duration of the war, d.l.g.
By Dave Ochiltree Back in 1936 the University added a new test, under the guidance of the speech clinic, to its freshman physical exam. This test was one in which the new student reads a few linos to an expert on speech and at that time his speech defects, if any, are noted and placed on peimanent lecord in the overflowing files of the health service. Since that time 8,766 men and 2,040 women have taken the speech clinic’s test. Of these, nearly 14 per cent of the men and 13.6 per cent of the women were found to have average defects; this is, defects that aie present, not very prominent, but still definitely handicapping them. Of the entire group 2.5
per cent of the men and 1 per cent of the women were found to have seveie defects that definitely handicap them, socially and otherwise. Recordings Made In an effort to correct these speech defects that occui among the University students, the speech clinic was set up in the basement of University Hall. This clinic, under the diiection of Dr. Max D. Steer, invites students who have speech defects tb come down and discuss their problems with ain expert. Also at this time a recording of his speech is made. The purpose of this recording is to let the student hear his speech, for according to Di. Steer, few people ever hear
their own particular defects. If the student decides to make use of the help offered by the clinic he pays a fee of five dollars for the semester and makes arrangements to come in twice a week foi onehalf hour meetings with the instructor who is assigned to his case. Greater Aid At the present time, in cooperation with the national defense effoit, the clinic is aiding more students than ever before. The clinic’s part in this effort is to cure men of their speech defects so that they will not be rejected from service because of their particular ailment. Up to the present date 4.4 (Continued on page 4)
LllCll UW41 XetCLUl ICO VVCIC cttLCllUCU * r*# » * a{ by representatives of over 90 of the superintending larger industries of the state. Pre- at Atlanta. Ga.. whn m vention of sabotage, handling traf- have for his topic “The
fic, small aiTOS firing and methods
of dealing with emeigencies were economist on the University the mam topics of discussion in yes- Chicago staif. ^ ^ terday’s sessions. All discussions are Prof. O. F. Hall will ptesidt ^ being held behind closely guarded morning session. The doors, and entrance is granted only address of the institute will hi after cpieful identification. hy Dr. F. B. Knight, head The responsibilities of the Federal ^‘vision of education and Bureau of Investigation as far as psychology, who will use the internal secuiity of industrial subject, “One Teacher to Anotbeiii^ plants is concerned will be outlined Schanlaub, Newton Gwiii^y by an FBI representative before the school superintendent, wilKpre^« closing sessions of the industrial ^he luncheon. Music wiu be
vided by the University md^cal
ganizations under the
Albert P. Stewart. " W
Counties to be represented
Tippecanoe, Benton, Newton, fito Carroll, Cass, Clinton, Fob Jaspei, Montgomery, Warred,:
Tipton, s r.b.
piotection school today j.d.s. Turner Will Address Indianapolis ASME
University Alunm
To Honor Glee University Alumni Club
Colonel Roscoe Turner, Bendix Trophy winner and president of the Roscoe Turner Aeronautical Corporation, will address the Central Indiana Section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineeis at 8 p.m. next Fuday m Parlor A of
the Indianapolis Athletic Club, In- anapolis will have as £fues<!sti^‘ dianapolis. or the University Qtee Turnei’s subject will be “Avia- Concert Choir at its annual tion in Defense.” The address will and party at the Indianapolin^ be preceded by a dinner at 6:30 p.m. letic Club this evening. Tke 1^1 Charge for the dinner will be one and Glee Club will provide dollar for membeis and $1:50 for music fftr the dinner, anil others. The meeting will be open to Lowe, ’32, is chairman of the public, j.h.s. ' mittee in charge of thow
PuMiiB Exponent
Saturday, February 7, 1942
^ BMj^hers Fix price Of “Ham
9 9
j.;'f ■
mi‘
111
average; Americaii today is fully aware we’re at war If he listens to the radio, i)ie% never he able to forget the fact. And we don’t mean because of news bulletins, either. ' After listening to an authentic news disand feeling well versed oh what was going on over in the Mikado’s dogpatch and Sdhicli^legruber’s winter carnival, we turned ti^e diM to get some good band inusic to soothe
they like to term “music,” well . . . (a shud- ■ der and a winding expression will have to suf^
fice here). ' ' T
Even some of the better of these “soul-stir-rers” are erroneous and ridiculous in spots. For instance, “Remember Pearl Harbor” has the boys “fighting for liberty.” We were al-
for Radio Instruction Army# Navy Uifge Men Tri' E'nroH Fdi' ClassfeS To meet Indiana’s need for 7,600
To Speak
ways under the impression that a gent named
George Washington and some of the boy’s way radio technicians, the University
^ ^ back there gave "its that—something ive’ll al- will set up special classes in the 4dr trdubl^ soul: ‘^Let’s slap the dirty little Way^ cherish and keep, too. Theh thh “White fundamentals of radio m iS cefitevs
the first Offering to blare forth Cliffs of Dover” puts' “Willie,'” or whoever it
from the'speaker. Appreciating a good piece is, in his own little bed again. of the equipment required for of music a little more than this type of not- “It won’t be fun, but it’s got to be done,” teaching and the number of stu-too-impressive propaganda (designed for the “Goodbye, Dear, I’ll Be BaCh in a Year,” etc. dents enrolled, classes will be offered feeble-.minded, or to get down to bare facts— etc. There’s hn endless list, but there must be in Anderson, Bieomington, Elkhart,
a nice si^ed incinerator somewhere to take Svansville, Fort Wayne^
care of them all.
to put a''little Change in the pockets ‘of the writers) we dialed to another station. “ . . . put the blitz on Fritz” greeted our eardrums this time. So it went. There was hardly a station ori'the air without one of these amusing (in a nauseating sort of way) cOncoctions of a financially warped mind shrieking out to a
horrible tune.
■We’re patriotic. At least we like to think so. in fact, we signed up with the Navy for $36 aday-^onCe amontfi: But.. . when they start pouring such axioms as “Goodbye, Mama, I’m off to Yokahama” to us in the form of what
dianupplis, Jeffersonville, Kokomo, Lafayette, Marion, Muncie, New Al-
We have a sneaking suspicion that the mO- Richmond and Vincennes. ron who wrote the “Hut Sut Song” had a hand goth the Army and Navy have in some of, these. Someone should give him a stated officially “that the need for straight jacket for the Fourth of July. such men is urgent and that the . When we have such songs as our national number which could be used is prac-anthem-written by a real patriot and m a detection and setting entirely lacking cigarette smoke and communication equipment., a cheap piano—to remind us of what we have women Urged To Enroll and how'Ivicky we are to have it, there should successfully completing be. no need or demand for such cheap propa- these“feeder’’eourses willbe qualiganda as is flooding the air lanes today. W.f.l. fied to take advanced training im-
mediately upon entering the armed
•The Ratio3.93
• • •
Merry-Go-Round (Continued fi’om P38'« 1)
to stifle U. S. press criticism came from the same State Departmcsnt which ‘ was trying to -encourage Argentine press criticism at Rio de Jarierio. This was svhen the censorship board last month tried to bar unfavorable comment on Hull’s appeasement policy with the Vichy government in France.
ly religious character of this, the services, through specialized courses ' - ... which the army and navy offer m
radio work. Women are being en-
It seems that some of the newer tricks the Pi Phi’s teach their girls includes the noble art of African
golf—more commonly called “shoot- jneht should ever get its way on smoke.”
gayest and most carefree city in the Western Hemisphere. Welles was sitting with the Papal Nuncio and the Argentine Foreign Minister at the Brazilian Academy of Letters. And while waiting his turn to speak, he smoked a cigarette. Brazilians whispered critically; until Brazil’s Oswaldo Aranha came to the res-
cue with this fabrication:
“Welles was not feeling well,” he
couraged to take this course, with the possibility that they may be used in the war effort and will be needed to replace men in communi-
cation systems.
Broadcasting stations throughout the state are coopei’ating with the University in giving this training. Several stations have indicated their willingness to cooperate by pub-
When' 'and ‘if the State -Depart- said. I gave him permission to jjcjzing the program and furnishing
ing craps." Last week, Sis Wiley won the Lambda Chi house in one of these rowdy affairs but a few days pgo she lost the Pi Phi house to the Sigma Nu’s. The pay-off came ’thui'sday night when the Sigma Nu’s moved in bag and baggage to their new “annex.” Nothing like it has ever been seen around here before. The gals were given 24 hours to get out—but were urged to stay as long as they could. The Pi Phi ■housemother took census as the boys came and left. Strangely enough, they both came out equal. Can’t understand it—especially with such guys as Knight and Swab Plbng. Jake Elvis came home minus
liis beer mug. Hm-m-m-.
Phi Gam Jack Lowe took another chop out of the ratio by pinning Carpi Bahls of the JCappas. If this keeps iip, we’ll want to get in the ' army or graduate—-and we’ve given Up all hopes for the latter. Kappa Sig Dave Frost put out his hardware on Dottie Ragsdale of th.P Chi O’s the other day. The Kappa Sigs claim they’re going to ' wait, ’til Bill Merker comes through by pinning Virginia “Messerschmidt” Mittendorf before they serenade, , Quite a few Sigma Chi’s were late for their 8 o’cloeks the other morning. Reason: Someone or something moved those big boulders they have alongside tpeir driveway out into the driveway-blocking it off completely. It took 12 pledges and a crowbar to undo the mess. What the .Sigs w'ould like to know is who the • piayhoys were that pulled the job. They have their su.spicions. J ‘ ■ * * Si . The Delta Chi’s got a visit from the local constabulary the same evening—disturbing the peace or something of the .soi't. Wonder if .this has any bearing on the Sigma Chi ease ? ? ?
this, the Ainerican public would be in the sanie position as the people of Argentina, and one of the reasons for beating Hitler would have vani.shed. • Mait-Of-All-Work Welles
• Merry-Go-Round
WASHINGTON — During a secret House Naval committee interrogation of Admiral Harold Stark, Committee Chairman Carl Vinson revealed that an effort had been
Undersecretai’y of State Sumner made to-get congressional represenWelles madp a great hit in Rio. tation on the Pearl Harbor Board From the welcoming ovation which of Inquiry, but the President vetoed broke through police lines as he the proposal ... The Flint (Mich.) stepped off his airplane, to the end Neivs-Advertiser has launched a of the conference, Welles was a pop- nationwide campaign to organize ular hero. The Blue Star Mothers — mothers The Brazilians, who have a g.or- ^ho have sons in the ax'med forces geous sense of humor even gave him . _ . As a means of meeting the a nickname. It was “Senhor Man- scrap shortage, Raymond Ackerman oel,” which is like calling evei-y of Salt Lake City, Utah, has sugPullman porter “George,” and is a gestod to the War Production
name given to the average inan-of-all-work aroiind the homes of Rio. No one ever tuld the tall and dignified Welles what they were calling him, but carnival songs were even written about him, and those who saw him working night and day for Pan-American defense agreed he was definitely the “Manuel” or man-of-all-work for the Western Hemisphere. Much as they liked Welles, however, there was one thing about hitn which Brazilians could not understand, namely that he smoked a cigarette while attending the Brazilian
Academy of Letters.
The incident illustrates the high-
instructors from their engineering
staft’s.
Classes To Be Free Classes will be available without cost. The training is divided into two parts, each requiring 16 weeks’ study in class meetings three nights a week, three hours eachi plus six hours of home study each week. The first part of the training covers mathematics, direct and alternating current theory and circuits, vacuum tubes, wire telephony and audio systems. Electromagnetic teansmission, radio communication, radio transmitters and receivers, frequency modulation and trans-‘ mission linos constitute the concluding part of the course. p.§. F. Lynn Cason ... BSME ’23, and ME (Professional degree) .’27, has been appointed Assistant Director of Personnel Service at the University ef-
SATURDAY
9:55
News
10:10
The Cm'io IVlan
10:15
Morning Melodies
10:30
■WBAA Presents
10:46
Theatre of Song
10:55
NeWs ' / ■" ■ ' '
11:00
Just Kids
11:16
Music
11:30
High School Guest
11:55
News ■
12';00
■Woman Shopper
12:15
Tune Time—Charlie Powell
12:30
Meet the Band
12:45
Markets
12:55
News
1:00
Radio Stage
1:30
The Army Speaks
1:46
Music
1:56
News '
2:00
The Stamp Club
2:15
Script
2:30
Musical Albums
2:55
News
3:00
Music
3:15
Afternoon Melodies
3:30
Tea Time Tunes
3:56
News
4:00
Tea Time "Tunes
4:30
Music
4:46
The Curio Man
4:65
News
5:00
Just Relax
6:30
Go To Church Sunday
5:45
Little Miss Muffett
5:55
News ■ ■ ■ -
6:00
Dinner Hour;
6:30
Sports Review
6:46
Weights and Measures
6:55
News ,'
7:00
News of the Week
7:16
Music
7:45
lowu.ys. Purdue Basketball Game '
8:55
News
9:00
Union Mixer Band
9.55
Nows . ■ '. :
10:05
Oft' the Air
^ ... ■ ■
CHINA and GLASSWARE
KitSHEN EQUIPMENT
(SlLLESPlE'S 221 Columbia St.
PHONE 6405
In Union Tomorrow Cleo W. Blackburn, Superintendent of Planner House, negro social center in Indianapolis, will speak tomorrow night at 8 p.m. in the faculty lounge of the Union at the annual observance of Race Relations Sqnday sponsored by the Univ^slty Religious Council. Music for the program will be furnished by the Wesley Foundation Choir. Intei’nationay’Raeial Sunday is sponsored by the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America and is dbserved throughovit the United States for the purpose of improving interracial understanding. ^ Blackburn, a member of the State Board of Education, received his A.B. degree from Butler University in 1982 and his M.A, degree from Fisk University at^Nashville, Tenn. in 1936. He taught sociology at Fisk University and Knoxville College and was a research associate at Tuskegee Institute at Tuskegee,
Ala.
Since 1936 Blackburn has served. as Superintendent of Planner House and as director of a sociological survey of the Bhgro situation in lidianapolis. Prof.D.DenUyl ... of the Agricultural Extension Station, went to Indianapolis yesterday to discuss the possibilities of standardizing forest planting stock with the state forester and other foresters from over the state.
Scabbard And Blatifp j^st tidier Contest Scabbard and Blade, military hqhorary, will hold its annual Best Sttldi.ef Contest Satui'dW, Api’U 4 Pt 1 p.m. in the Afinory. All-Stuiddnts enrolled iti the ROTQ ^se are eligible for the coihpetitjoh,' The contest is sponsored fdr . tl^e purpose of creating a persdnM interest in the corps ou ,the ppi’t df individual students. Grading will l^e based *on the regblav ' . gradete and i'eonduet on thedrill floor, 'as : iwdlh asd a ffinal practical
examination.
During a preliminary peridd, contestants wifi, be judged by drill ser* geants, regular Army officoVs, and members of Scabba**d'andRla'de:'5An examination on ‘‘The'$cHodL'cd thO Soldier,”'conducted by members of the drganizationiiwili serve as the final' event of the ■'Contest. ■ Grades inyclassroom work Will ftot enter into the judging’. Students interested should sign up at fhe Scabhard and Blade table to be located on the first floor of the 'Armoi'y during the week beginning Mon-
day, w.e.r.
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
LAST DAY —2 Hits
HILL-BILLY ROMANCE AND MELODY
rt
PLUS
Western Action and Thrills! ROY ROGERS GABBY HAYES IN "MAN FROM CHEYENNE'
^lillililiilillilillilliilillliillillilllllillllllilliilllllllllllii I Dr. A. M. Irion | I —-DENTIS"/-^ I § 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. § I Phone 4965 | iiiiiiliiiiiiuiuiiliiiiiiiiii(uiiiiitiuiiiiiiii|iiiiiiiii|iiiili
Board that auto and truck owners be asked to contribute the front and rear bumpers of their cars,. . . Friends of “Denny” Lewis are saying that, if the AFL-CIO peace schemo of his brother, John L., had gone through, “Denny” would have
been made an Assistant Secretai’y fective February 1 and has severed
tie Sieb. Didn’t know the Phi Delts had that song in their repertoire Kappa Jean Yahres has gone and done it again. Meaning she took Paul Zimmerman’s Phi Kappa Tau pin for the second time. Maybe this time it’ll stick.,How ’bout it Jeanie? Starting next week, all the manly male specimens of our fair campus will get to bed an hour earlier— it .sayr here. Nothing like another hour loss with the coeds. We see so
much of them a.s it is.
Found out the other day that the ratio doe.sn’t lu'evail up in the Union office. The gals greatly outnumbov the fellows, in fact. Must be ho-
of Labor under Miss Frances Per-
kins.
(Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Hoof And Horn Club Will Enact Pageant At Banquet Tuesday Hoof and Horn, honorary animal husbandry society, will stage its annual pageant, “The Knighting of Sirloin,” at a banquet on Tue.sday evening, Feb. 17, in the Home Economies cafeteria. Actors garbed in the costumes of Engli,sh royalty of the seventeenth century will reproduce the exercises which took place at that time, when the English ruler actually made a knight of the loin of beef, calling it “Sir Loin.” Through the years this name has been modified and this cut of meat is now known as “sirloin steak.” One of the steers from the l.'niversity farm will be slaughtered this week and part of the caveas.s
his business connection with the American Laundry in Lafayette. PATRONIZE EXPONF|NT
ADVERTISERS
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY —
- -rh/tJiaftfiBuafii 7flMllMll-Kim-mmiiiit
ALSO
The Alpha Chi’s were gently
aw'akened the other evening—or cause of that “per.sonality kid” Ros- will be u.sed for the banquet. Over '.morning—by the sweet and soft coe Starek. Couldn’t be because of 200 persons are expected to attend, strains of “Deep in the Heart of Bill Hepburn. Ho doesn’t know what including regularly enrolled agviTexas.” The troubadours claimed the inside of the office looks like, culture students, students enrolled they were delivering Ralph Nes- He even had to be introduced to the in the eight weeks’ short course, ler’s belated pin serenade to Dot- sophomore workers the other day. and faculty members, m.j.l.
"JUNGLE GIRL," Serial LATEST PATHE NEWS
SUNDAY
MONDAY
SHE KNEW ALL THE ANSWERS HURRY CHARLIE HURRY COLOR RHAPSODY
Starts TODAY
LAST TIMES TODAY ^ HdSAliNP R U S 9IL L WAWR.;; P I D G B O,
wllh ^dwterd Arnold Lee towman
STARTS TOMORROW ALEXANDRE DUMAS' AMAZING ADVENTURE ROMANCE THE CORSICAN brothers starring DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jr. Akim TAMIROFF - Ruth WARRICK
PujidusL ^xpornnt Alt-American 1940-'41
Entered AS second cla.ss matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of po.stage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917i authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and .weekly during the Summer Sessioin Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4jQ0.
Editdr-in-Chief.. N«wb £ditur Uporle Edityr ...
..N«d A. Ochiltree DtiBineBB IVlimazer ..John Li. TrauKott Manaicingr Editor ,,...Phil Johnson Cood Stfitor..,.,,..,...;
Don S. Powers ..Lflatid W. Itnffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Aftflopigtt Jlditorfl .iSditorlal Staff: J. F, Ahioh, J. H. ATmatronir, D. T. Brophy, R. Sj. H&iJhy, F. I, JoncH, K, G, Kieper, Spftrttt Staff: 0. T. Clark, J. D. Fruaot, J. S. Keeler. Htaffs Myry K- Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramedell.
’ Business Staff Coed Business Manseer; Donna Siess; Office Msnaseri Lee BoBsonK. Local Advertising Manazers: K. IC. G jemrc, R. E. Saxton: Circulation Manueer:. W. T. Beil; Accounts Manaaer: W. U. Millard. Junior Coed Managers; Jean Frankenberry, Frances LJoyd, Julia Martin.
Pkonay: Editorial and Busineic, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M„ 5377
Represented for national advertlsine by National Advertisins Service, Inc., College PubJisbers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. 'y.
Staff For This Issue
Ni«bt Editor: Hunter U«y Editor: Boirhton
Issue Editor: Roquemore Sports Editor: “Sunbeam"
Reporters: Uiifert, Holfman, Smith, Glaspif, Solowny, 8h:ipiro, Scalzo, SItiDmun. Beal). Ha.s.s.
Streamlined Cleaning Service Your dollies cicaiietl Iiy Crown go through careful proceechire of a “slreamlined deaniiig plain”, / Recently we rebuilt our Dry Cleaning Deparlmeut, coinplctdy new ef|nipinent.
Top of the Hill
MIDNITE PREVUf TONITE 11:30 " '-'■'i'";-'" —— . The Big Noise of the Comic Strips Becomes the Big Fun Show of the Year! i
.^TODAT— TWO FIRST RUN HITS MEXICAN SPIT FIRES BABY Lupc Vele* Leon Errpl PLUS
LAW OF THE TIMBER — WITH — MARJORIE REYNOLDS MONTE BLUE4,
«l>
* I
X<1
mi' ' "Hill mi (gnu Tlie Sprts Gestapo
By pMI jobnsQui
Siwicnmei's, ^qt^en Hold Forth At Home
► Watch fh^ Hawkeyes Tonight I Tonight Cd(\0h RoUie Williams^ up and cdniing Iowa five ■^ill invade thfe local goalevyi* attdia tough invasion it should be. The Hawks are never very happy about playing at Purdue, as they have be^n havipg a tough thpe of it here in the past few years. They have lost the past three games in the FieJdhouse by large .seores. Their last vietoi’y here was in 1984, whereas they lost in 1986, 1937, and 1938. 'Ipveyj^one should remember last year's double overtime engagement at lowa City in which the Boilermakers hit 18 of 22 free throws to edge qut with a 6?-49 victory. It was the moat torrid contest of the year, with Frosty Sprowl and Howie Hoffman leading the Riveters in the final victory drive. * Stars Never Go So Well As^inst Purdue ’ 'Although it" is a rather well known observation around here that outstanding stars are usually kept well in control when fading Purdue, it is even more so with Iowa than with any other team. Remembe^' the tough times that Nile Kinnick had against the Boilerwahers ? Or do you recall how well Riveter defenses shackled the scoring prowess of Hawkeye stars Ben Stephens and Vic Siegel ? Tonight this last mentioned star will be out to turn upside down this axiomatic thought. It’s his last year on the Iowa squad. Last year he had the unusual honor of being captain during his junior year. This season he is co-captain with Rudy Soderquist. Watch out for the tricky little man tonight. He can be awfully dangerous. By the way, you may be able to spojt,liim veiy easily, as he fractured his cheek bone earlier in the season and^may be playing with a facial guard. ► jBeu „1^,rickey Hit The Jachpot At Chicago Speaking of Siegel being trfcky make$>«^ tlSdk^ltfuwttjfBrward Ben Trickey. Beiii got hotter than a three alarm fire at Chicago last week to chalk up 27 tallies to set a new Iowa scoring record making'the highest Big Ten total of the current season. Hope he remembers that we aren’t Chicago. Two Man Mountain Deans ^We’ve been speaking of good little men. Now we’ll say a word about ^dod big men. First off there’s Milt Kuhl, 6 foot six inch giant. Milt has beep a hawk on rebounds this season as well as getting 10 to 15 points per night. But that ain’t all about the giants. When Milt gets tired, one inch shorter Dick Hein comes in. Hein has been in the relief role for Kuhl for two years now, and it is said this season that he is nearly on a par with the man whom he understudies. All in all, Iowa has a well balanced, veteran team. They didn’t expect to win the title at the beginning of the season, but picked about third place to shoot at. And it looks like they have been doing a pretty good job'of shooting. Incidentally, the Hawkeyes gave Illinois the toughest battle they have had all year, and might easily have beaten that high flying five. Jusf Another Geme For The Boilermakers All the sheen and glitter of a conference race has gone by the wayside for the Boilermakers. Tonight they are just an above average ball club meeting another above average ball club in a fight to the finish battle to at least stay in the running. There’s no thought of any pennant tonight. Just the thought of dealing a highly threatening Iowa five as heartily a defeat as possible, and regaining a little of their lost prestige.
Tank Team Faces Ohio State Orapplers Hoosiers In Quest Tangle With Riveters
Of Seconcf Victory Here Thi? Afternoon
fOOD THE WAY
YOU LIKE IT
West Side Grill
(You Be the Judge)
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS .... 40P.404 Sclmtt* Bldg, 4th qnd Main St. Lafayetta
By Clint Sowards This ^.fternoon at 3;80 in the Fieidhpnse, Coac^ Papenguth's swimraeTs get their crack at a Cream and, Crimson foe when Coach Bob Royer’s Hoosiers invade the Boilermaker pool. Although seven varsity swimmers have hung up their suits for good in the Riveter dressing room so far this season, the hopes for this meet to go to the home team are more than good. ' Should ?he Riveters bring home the bacon via the water route this afternoon, it will make the third win for the Boilermakers in as many starts. Last season the Hoosiers were scuttled, so to speak, by a 62 to 32 mai'gin; however in the total of meets since they started, the Hoosiers hold a slight edge. Riveters HaVe Good Record The records of the two teams as to participation so far this season give the Boilermakers the edge with a 1,000 average to the Hoosiers ,500, Last Saturday the Riveters earned their 1.000 per cent with a 48 to 36 victory over the Spartans from Michigan State. The Hoosiers actually swam circles around Ball State’s tank squad early in the season, by a 40 odd point margin; but the University of Cincinnati turned the tables on the Hoosiers and eked out a victory through a win in the last event to lower I. U.’s average to .500. Three of the events in the meet this afternoon that will prove more than interesting are the medley relay, the 220 flee style event and the diving. The Boilermaker medley relay team, consisting of Curley Anderson, Joe Williamson and Dick Kratzer aie due to establish a new record in the meet this afteinoon; and Krueck and Vern Hansel team
Coach Caude Reeck’s Boilermaker wrestling squad will face Ohio State’s title aspiring mat team this afternoon in the Pieldhouse at 2 o’clock, attempting to increase its season’s victory string to two meets. RivetciEs Undefeated ’ Boasting the Midwest AAU Chanvpionship and a victory over I Findluy College last Saturday, Heeck’s wregtler-s have been working diligently to get into shape fpr another win at the expense of the Buckeyes today. Captain Casey Fredericks will lead the Riveter array against the Ohio State squad, which is, according to Coach Reeck, “as tough, if not the toughest,” opponent which his squad will oppose this year. The Buckeye linerup will include an undefeated 145-pound trappier, Sotora by name; Bradfield, a 175 pounder who has won five out of six, and 165-pound Stanischi, victorious in four out of six contests. The Boilermaker line-up, which will also be the probable opposition for Chicago on the Midway Monday afternoon, is as follows: Mickey MacDonald, 121 pounds; Capt, Casey Fredericks, 128 pounds; Mark Matovina, 136; Bob Britt, 146; James Paratore, 156 pounds; Warren Fviston, 175 pounder; and Frank Ruggieri, heavyweight, d.e.b.
IM Schedules
RIFLE MEET Saturilay, February 1:30 , to 3'00 p.m KAPPA SIGMA LAMBDA CHI ALPHA PHI DELTA THETA PHI GAMMA DELTA PHI KAPPA PHI KAPPA PSI
RECIPE for BEAUTY ★
A trip to Loeb’s Beauty Salon — and BEAUTY is yours — a shampoo—finger-wave — or manicure. ' The Triad Is This Week-End
• Make it your resolve to look your very best. • Make an appointment today. It’s as simple as that.
PHDME 7901
lOEB’S BEAUTY SMON
Top Bowling Teams Meet In Union Today
Thife afternoon at 2 o’clock ip the Union bowling alleys, the top four quintets of the twenty-eight team inter-fraternity kegling tourney will tangle for the honor of getting together in tomorrow's championship match. '' Delts Vs. Betas Delta Tau Delta, “B” bracket winners, will face Beta Theta Pi, runners up in “A” bracket, and Alpha Tau Omega, *‘A” bracket leaders, will face Delta Upsilon, runners up in “B” bracket. The matches will be played on a total pin basis instead of the separate game affairs of the tournament. The ATO’s ended their thirteen week schedule with the very creditable record of 35 wins and 4 losses. The Betas managed to grab the second spot with a total of 28 won and 11 lost. In the other bracket, the Delts built up a three game lead over the D. U.’s and finished with 30 victories and 9 defeats to the runner up’s 27 wins and 12 losses. Cups And Keys It was announced by Chuck Lewis, Student Union Vice President, that cups will be awarded to tomorrow’s finalists, and that all four teams in today’s matches will receive keys. Delta Upsilon won last year’s tournament by defeating the Delts after the two teams had won surprise victories over' the Phi Delts and Beta Sigma Psi in the semifinals.
Trackmen, Squasl Team Will Oppose Windy City Foes Tracksters Racquefeers Face
On Midway Wildcats, Chicago
Run Chicago In Double Header
Riveters Meet lowa
(Continued from page 1) court this season to his and his team’s mutual advantage. He wears
glasses and it seems that the specs
up against the|flash of the visiting team, Ed Pakucko in the 220 free style most anything is possible to happen to the pool record; and Johnny Jungst and Heiman Bowei with then smooth form in the dives should call for more than a little favoiablo comment.
help, too, for he has amassed 64 points like his teammate Kuhl. Mel Taube looks upon him as a player of the John Conrad type. As Mel puts it, “fast, a good shot, and a nice floorman to boot.” Siegel is also Co-Captain of the team. Rudy Soderquist is the other leader. Harsha lounds out the starting five and is an aggressive ball hawk of the Tieiney vaiiety. Some hint of the battle that may bo staged by the likeable Rollie Williams and his eohoits tonight may be gleaned by looking in letiospect at last yeai’s game at Iowa City when John Coni ad came through in the final seconds with two goals to give the Gold and Black a 52-49 victoiy in a dohble overtime. Williams teaches his boys a good fast bleak system that the clever mentor learned at Wisconsin in the
eaily 1920’s. o.t c.
Maroon will meet Boilermaker to open their respective 1942 track seasons in the Windy City this afternoon when Coach Hermon Phillips’ runners journey to Chicago. It will be the initial clash for both teams this season. Phillips will leave with a squad of 23 men this morning at 11 o’clock, the meet scheduled to get under way at 4 in the afternoon with the pole vault first on the program. Little is known about the 1942 version of the Maroon team, however, last year’s team was downed easily by the Riveter runners in outdoor competition. In the indoor meet the Gold and Black was hard pressed, winning the contest by the narrow margin of a pole-vault victory-. Good In Distdpee Races Mainstays of this afternoon’s Boilermaker victory seekers will be Captain Burt Anthony, rated as one of the top-notch quarter-mileis in the Big Ten, and Woody Appleton, junior miler and two miler. A1 Jentch and Don Kemp, two halfmilers, aie expected to turn in good times in the meet alSo. Piobable entries in the Maroon dual meet will be' 70 yard dash—Keim, Banckei, Macquene; 440 yai'd dash — Anthony, Banckei, Arnold; half-mile lun—Jentch, Kemp, Lynch, mile lun—Jarvis, Kemp, Jentch, Kindei; two-mile lun—Appleton, McLaughlin, Duesslei; shot-put—Fiench, Calhoun; high-jump—Dodge; broad jump—Dod^, Arnold, Bancker; pole-vault—^Urim. Phillips will gdd othei entiies, indefinite at present, when the squad diiives at Chicago, d e.b.
The Boilermaker squash team will participate in a doubleheader this afternoon in Chicago, when they engage the racqueteers from both Northwestern and Chicago. Northwestern First The match with the Purple Wildcats is scheduled to get under way at 2:30, and, following the completion of this tournament, the Riveters will engage the Maroons at
5:30.
The Boilermaker squad will leave for the Windy City this morning. The following men are expected to leceive the nod from Clevett when staiting time rolls around: GoldsteYn, Adams, Fant, Bond, McMillan, and Wells. The balance of the Riveter squgsh schedule for the current campaign
follows:
Feb. 14—at Penclennis Club
(Louisville)
Feb. 14—at Winn-Stay Club
(Louisville)
-at Michigan (2:30) -at Detroit Y.M.C.A.
(7:30)
-I AC. (heie)
March 7—at I.A.C. March 14—Western Collegiates
Feb 21Feb. 21-
Feb 28-
Doug Mills
k 3. &
MIEPIKE
PHOTOS
No other gift could please him as much as that photograph at your prettiest.
mm STUDIO
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
. . . popular young athletic director at Illinois has more than ORe iron in the fire, for his basketball team is currently heading the Western Conference with six wins and no losses.
Hawk Co-Captain
DONT MISS qpTTINQ THIS YEi^R’S DEBRIS
Because of National Conditions this may be the last time
you will be able to get a Debris. ^ i -BUY NOW-
1942 DEBRIS
. . . Rud\ Soderquist shpuld sfce quite a bit of service in th«; house tonight even though he vlill not be a starter. Soderquist is .a senior and a forward. He towers three-and-une-half inches above the si\ feet maik and is a good h«ll handler.
All Campus Table Tennh
. . tomrmmeut will be complet;ed today The following men a,v& requested to lepoit to the table t^ttmt. loom 111 the Fieldhouse at lUuusoii, Holtzmau, Biieder, CohqRr Steelier. Woltev, File, Nemeth, Hustvedt and Heidrieh.
fs
;4«If fe".'
'll/
■jir l P' ’'•'VT , f#' :
Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North St. Sunday Progr^ «:16-9:20—Catch ri^from 131 S. Grant. 9:30—Student Class. Opening period specially planned downstairs. Rev. Williams will speak in lionor 'of!;Racc-Re.lations Sunday. 10.40—Church worship service. Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject, “Interesting People,” in continuation of the sermon se-, ries on “Religion and Personal Problems.” ' 6:00—10c Supper at 131 S. Grant. 6:30—Forum. Progi-am includes recreation, singing and worship. 7:30—Leave in a body for the United Service at the Union Bldg. Mr. Cleo Blackburn of Indianapolis, speaker,
University Calendar
8:00 A.M.—Freshman Lecture ...........Fowler Hall 8:00 A.M. -Plant Instructors School Room 36.3, Union 2:30 P.M.—Wrestling—Ohio State University J.Fieldhouse 3:00 P.M..—Swimming—Indiana Uni- ' versity : Fjeldhousc 7:30 P.M.—Basketball—Iowa Fieldhouse ! 9:00 P.M.—Tau Epsilon Phi Dance Chapter House . 9:00 P.M.—Cary Hall Northwest Dance..Northwest Hall 9:00 P.M.—Mixer Both Ballrooms Wrath Of God? Speech Staff
Educalion Class To Show Wesley Foundation
'Teaching Aids' Today
and Whittle” parties every Wednes- so Make-Up'exams: ExaFinationi, to xStressing the relationship be- ^ to 6 p. m. at the
tWeen the home and national de- “
fense, ah exhibit of “Teaching Aids” win be on display for today only in
week. The purpose of the teas is to help members of the Poundatipn
rooms 230 and 2.57 of the Union, become better acquainted with each
Presented by the Education 13 class /
for the Teachers’ Institute which
given Saturday, march 14 at l Piin. m room 101 of the ME building. Please notify me if interested. —GEIGEB
Notices
Reamer Club: Tickets are available in iny office. Get them between 4 and 6 p.m.
—RUFFN^R
is meeting in the Union today, the exhibit is also open to townspeople,
faculty and students.
The purpose of the display is to
explain to teachers and to the public what they can do in their homes to
help the national situation. The ex- ^.E. 41 (HydrauiTcI^rAn examination to hibit in room 230 is entitled ‘IHow remove C and I grades will be held in room is Your Art,” and the one in room b'?’ Heayilon Hall, on Saturday afternoon,
257 concerns first aid. c.f.h.
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street Sunday, February 8 John W. Findley, pastor and director of the Westminster Foundation. Joanne Lloyd, organist; Jim Chase, choir director. 9:30—Dr. G. H. Graves will address the morning discussion group on “The Prophets’ Seeking Reality In Worship.” 10:30—There will be no worship due to the Religious Convocation. 5:15—There will be a ineeting of the congregation in the Assembly Room of the church. Preceding the piceting there will be a short worship service. •’ 5:45—The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper in the Recreation Room. After supper. Prof. J. H. Bowman of the E. E. school will show colored pictures'»pf the West and discuss colored pljotography.
Wesley Foundation Sunday Program at the First Methodist Church Corner Chauneey & South Sts. 9:30—Three Student Classes. 1. Does It Matter What I Believe taught by 'tlre~=Baa{—E. R. Balslev. 2. The Sermon On The MounTtmi^t by Mrs. E. R. Balsley. 3. A Maj< Social Problem taught by Mr. J. C. Franklin. 10:40 — Morning Worship. The President of Marion College will be the, guest preacher at this service. Special music will be furnished by the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir. ^;45—Wesley. Ve.sper.s. We . will meet at the Chinch foi- game.s and fellowship and at 6:30 will go across to the Roger William.s Club at the Baptist Church where we will bo their guests foi- the evening sei'viCe. At. that time Dr. Newton C. Fetter will speak. At 8:00 o’clock all will go to the Faculty Lounge for the annual Race Relations Service. The Wesley Foundation choir will sing at this sei'vice. Albjerg On Defense (Continued from page 1) Albjerg showed that in his attempt to split France and England and in his present effort to cause friction between the United States and Great Britain, Hitler makes appeals to all classes; warning the rich class of the demands a. war would make on their incomes, warning the business men that a wap would disrupt their economic system and reminding the working class that they would be the ones who would fight the war. It was such propaganda plus the gloomy defeatism pi-eachecl in the literature of the twenties that was responsible foi- the apathetic and indifferent attitudes of Great Britain and the United States prior to thei)“ respective entrie.s into the war. The j^ondon bombing.s and the Pearl Harbor episode were great helps in stirring the democracies to action, he said. This was the picture Prof. Albjerg presented on the events leading to World War II; the inactivity of the Allies and the burning vengeance of Hitler enabling him to take over country after country before he finally stumbled on the stubborn resistance of Poland which eventually bi-ought almost the entire world into the conflict. Lt, Robert A. Scholl . . . EE ’33 of Connersville, sailed recently. from the East coast for foreign .service. A reserve officer, he was called to active duty last October'and stationed at Ft. Monmouth, N. J. foi- three months. ,
Lightning struck one of the three towers at the WBAA transmitter, located about five miles south of town, during Thursday night’s storm. The station' was about an hour late yesterday morning going on the air because
of the damage.
Yesterday evening, the operators were forced to go off the air for fifteen, minutes wjhen shifting from the 5000 watts power used during the day to the 1000 watts for night transmitting. The reason for this delay was that one of the three directional antenna towers used at night was the damaged tower; because of this, difficulties were experienced with the changeover. Complete power for night broadcasting will not be restored for several days, p.g.h. , Students To Present Teaching Aids Show Teaching aids in the home economics field' will be exhibited in rooms 230 and 257 of the Union this qvening and tomorrow from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. T'he exhibit was preparedtj by students in the home economies education classes for the home economics teachers who will attend the special institute here tomorrow. The display, which sti-esses the defense angle, includes illustrative nVterial for foods, clothing, housing^ child care, family relations, homA nursing, home management, ;ed arts, personal and Social relationships, boys’ home economics classes and consumer education. Sample class bulletin boards are al.so on exhibit, e.h.a.
(Continued from page 1)
men in 1,000 have been rejected for faulty speech. This means that of the 4,000,000 men already examined nearly 17,000 of them have been i-ejected for this single cause. In a recent survey taken in twelve
universities throughout try, it was found that 85
Feb. 14. Permission to take the exammation
must be obtained fore Wcdne.sday,
M.E. Make-up Exams: Examination for removal of C prades in mechanism ME 11 will be given Saturday, Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. in room 301 Mechanical Engineering Building. “A HALE Biology Students; Xvlakcup exams in Biology 1 will be held Feb. 7, at 1 p.m.
-LENDERS
New Freshman Students: You may obtain
Exponent Freshmen: See notice posted on bulletin board as-soon nS possible. \
—RUPPNER
Westminster Girls Club: Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 10, at 5:30 p.m. at Mrs. Findley’s home, 129 Sheets St. —VIRTUE Skull nnii Crescent: Important meetijig Wednesday, Feb. .11, at 7:30 p.m. Pinill plans for Cotillion will be made. Room will be announced later. —MENKE InteriFonndational Athletic League: Basketball games Saturday, Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. Christians vs. Methodists and Presbyterians vs. Baptists. , —BLACK Union Workers: Following members of
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all sold, rented, repaired, and purchMed. M ograph work done. C. 3, Ebershoft, 606 Mai Lafayette. Phone 2779. ' Lost : Large tourquoise and silver Ii^taF ring, in Union Saturday night,,,Call Ruth, Frier, 76161. ■ ' '
the
\e
Forest High St-udent’s To Appear On WBAA Representatives from Forest High School of Clinton County, a' .school of about 250 pupils, will make
a radio appearance over WBAA this Freshman Handbooks from 4 to 6 p.m. any
day at the Activities Bureau Office.
—McKIRNAN
History, Economics, and Government Make-ups: Examination tor removal of conditions and incompletes in History,: Economics amd Government will be held Satur-
srmission to take the examination the Browsing Boom Committee please meet r.-i. phs sivniK Korina frnf/>mitv nili^ btained from the undersigned be- m Room 306,^ Mon^y, Feb. 9, at 4:15 p.m, pinderpleaL cfll 8002. Lward. Edwin esday, Feb. lli GKUiVlii Nelson, Holden, Woohng, Vear, Sprigps, V'
^ Statford, Dyer, Richardson. Sammon. Funk-
houser. Cumming.s, and Porter.—WEBER Rgnj. room for boyS: -Ne*,'.
house, 608-Allen St. corn'er of Stadium ahU-
Christian Science Organization: Regular Northwestern. Inquire after 6'p.m, 751)ll|»f meeting at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 10, in ' . -I ■ ' IfJ, room 303 of the 'Union. —LOCK'WOOD Lost: Gold 'Waltham watch two' wcckfc
ago. Call Simpson, 330L , for reward:
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Short but impor- r', :;'-Ai t^nt^usine=s meetine- Thursday. Feb. 12, Rooms: One single and one double.'Qlpa^v at 4 p.m. in room 320 of the Chemistry to campus. Price reasonable. 322 West;
i.LiiiUi.u'. —BRANNEB Ave.
eoun- morning at 11:30 a. m. in the radio
station’s weekly high school guest
- , , , ., , • program,
of the men who have these partic-
, , - . X Helen Valentine, supervisor
ular defects do not want to be re- .p j,. TTrivoot Hin'i, i p-"’- ‘UaKooui 113 of the
jected for them. At the present time 1^0 L
„ „ ... direct the program. Students parDr. Steer is heading a committee tidpating are Joyce Sheets, solo
mado before Friday, Feb. 13.,
-ESTEY.
that is working on a system whereby these men will not be excluded from sei’-vice in the armed forces.
Stutterers’ Cure
One of the most interesting cures that the clinic uses is that used to cure students who stutter. According to Dr. Steer, there is no single cause yet discovered for this speech defect. As a result to cure the stutterer the clinic teache.s him how to stutter properly Students who stutter have picked this habit up in a haphazard way, but when stuttei-ing is done properly no one but an expert can detect it. The clinic also treats many other kinds of speech ailment. Included in this list are, articulatory defects, such as poor pronunciation of speech sounds; voice quality defects and
rhythm defects. Stair Members
In charge of these are E. K. Jerome, voice defects; Miss Leota Davis, foreign students; James Maddox and Ken Wilson, stutterers; and Miss Pittelman and B. F. Hansen, articulation. The clinic also provides a psychologist who helps students with their study habits. Miss Olt is in charge of this division of the
clinic.
violinist; Ermel Laughner, vibrai harp player; a violin ensemble of sixpersons; and Joan Oiler, trumpet
soloist.
All EE Seniors: A fifteen-minute period must be scheduled /for sometime Tuesday, Feb. 10, to meet with representatives (if the porsohnel department, Details will be given Friday, Feb. 6.. M^ke your appointments before noon Monday, Feb. 9.
—SOUTHMAYD
Valentine^s Day Febriuiry 14tli; SWEETHEART PINS .... RINGS AND OTHER GIFTS PLACE ORDERS NOW at your BUR-PAT STORE
113 Northwestern Ave , "OFFICIAL JEWELERS" Phone 2523
GREETIiS
She' ‘s never loo young or loo old to love receiving a Valenlinc greeting . . . whether quaintly old lashioned or smartly modern. Thi.s is one day in the year-when sentiment is welcomed by everyone. So choose your Valentine early and leisurely from our wide selection.
Phone 5036
518-20 Main St.
HAVE YOU
Valentines for Everyone We Have the Cards You’ll Want to Send!
SOMETHING?
—Your .fraternity or sorority pin, your watch, scarf, or something else of importance? * Save DOLLARS by paying only 25c MINIMUM for a CLASSIFIED AD in the Exponent. You’ll SA VE money he re! The first day is 2c a word and the days after are Ic a word. Keep This In Mind Students!
i' . i-'
i ’f