•
JOw/f St0tc^
Volume 52, No. 47
West Lafayette, Lidiana
Saturday^ November % 1940
iveters
Revenge At Iowa Today
ffational Rural Forum Will Assemble Here For Conference Meeting under the auspices of the American Country Life Association, men and women from all parts of the nation will assemble on campus Wednesday for the National Rural Forum, which will continue until Saturday evening. Theme of the forum will be “Building Rural Communities.” The forum opens Wednesday when the youth section of the American Country Life Association, National Home Demonstration Council and National Master Farm Homemakers Guild meet. The general forum opens Thursday morning and the major portion of Thxmsday’s discussion will be devoted to religion and the rural community. Thursday evening President E. C. Elliott will welcome members of the conference. Youth in the rural community will be the subject of discussion Friday morning. Afternoon discussion will center around methods of community work. The annual banquet of the American Country Life Association is scheduled for Friday night. On Saturday education and culture in rural communities will be the central topic. Saturday afternoon a social period will close the forum. o.l.a. Horticultures Plan 25th Annual Show Plans are being completed for the twenty-fifth annual Horticultural Show which will be held November 8, 9 and 10 in the Horticulture building and in the greenhouses on the south campus. This show is managed by the students who are majoring in the three horticultural options: omology, floriculture and vegetable gardening, and is sponsored by the University Horticultural Society. J. E. Klinker will act as student manager. Each class in horticulture is organizing a portion of the exhibits by commercial growers, 4-H clubs and high schools of the vicinity. Cash and merchandise awards will be given, for the best of these exhibits. e.w.m.
Noble Will Play At Pre-Election Mixer Tonight Politically-minded couples will dance tonight to “music styled the Noble way” at the Union’s Election Ball in south ballroom of the Union. Setting the mood for the last mixer before Tuesday’s decision puts an end to the campaigns are red, white
Carl Noble and blue decorations. Roosevelt, cigarette holder and all, and Willkie, complete with rumpled hair, are struggling for the wheel of a flivver, while above is the motto “Whoever Drives, Let’s Back Him.” ‘Gold Coasters’ Carl Noble, whose style is a subdued modern swing, directs his twelve-piece organization from the piano. He and his “Gold Coasters” have played at the Drake Hotel in Chicago and at many campus dances provided by Marian Lee, swingin the midwest. Vocal numbers are stress and Francis Carpenter, tenor. Thdsusual dollar admission will be charged fof* the Election Ball, with dancing from 9 to 12 o’clock. j.h.a. Purdue Club ... of Davenport, Iowa, sponsored a party for the Purdue mentors and players at the Blackhawk hotel in Davenport last night. Prof. W. Knapp and E. B. Baugh were invited as special guests. Special Purdue movies were shown after the dinner, o.l.a.
Co-eds Will Get Chance To Bosi At Gold Diggers' Ball, Nov. 8
By Pat Stenbarg On Friday night, November 8, at nine o'clock, a "turnabout” will take place at the Gold Diggers’ dance. In both Union ballrooms Dick Cisne and his orchestra will offer the music for this annual affair. To attend this dance, a co-ed needs a dollar and'a date. If she, cannot get these two items, she will miss the one chance of her lif,etime to act the i)art of would-be boss of the evening. From the beginning until the end of the date the co-ed will foot the bill. Most girls will take their dates to dinner at the halls, the sorority houses, or co-operative houses. No dance would be complete without flowers, so every co-ed will give her date a corsage. Onions, cjarrots, radishes, celery tops, cigarettes, or false fingernails will substitute for flowers. Parsley will take the place of ferns. Every ed will probably be amazed by his date’s handicraft. Different modes of transportation will be used by the co-eds. Some will go after their dates in any-
thing from a horse and buggy to a patrol wagon. Others will supply their dates with roller skates or bicycles. Some unlucky men will walk and like it. Cokes and cigarettes will be supplied by the girls. Some boys will jump at this chance to smoke their date's cigarettes, so stock up, you co-eds. Instead of the boys electing a queen for the dance, the co-eds will vote for , the two most eligible bachelors on the campus. To be one of the two bachelors, the man must have his pin and no steady girl. All co-eds are advised to carry knapsacks to hold their date’s belongings. Men will pile their razors and combs into their date’s arms and ask in a. gentle voice, “Dear, do you mind ? I simply can’t dance when I have all this junk.” Before one o’clock the girls will take their dates home. Won’t it be a riot for the girl to make the advances for a goodnight kiss ? If you want to wear the pants for an evening, gals, get on the ball and buy your tickets how. This “turnabout” comes only once a year.
Emrick Announces Boilermaker Squad Will Try lliiiIS"SS For First Conference Victory
Elward Will Probably Use Berio, Petty, Carter, Smerke In Starting Backfield
Professor P. S. Emrick, director of the University Military band, announced Wednesday the promotion of nine members of the band. Jesse E. Grim, PSE ’41, has been raised to the rank of 1st Lieutenant and Senior Military Officer and C. R. Watson, EE ’42, also been promoted to the rank of 2nd Lieutenant and Detail Officer. In addition, seven freshmen have been raised to the rank of corporal. With these promotions, the personnel of the band is as follows: Commissioned Officers Bvt. Captain and Band Adjutant and Chief Drum Major, M. H. Smith; 1st Lieutenant and Assistant Director, H. A. Todd; 1st Lieutenant and Concert Fiester, R. A. Krull; 1st Lieutenant and Senior Military Officer, J. E. Crim; Bvt. 1st Lieutenant and Personnel Officer, P. E. Hassler; 2nd Lieutenant and Publicity Officer, E. J. Mundorf; 2nd Lieutenant and Band Quartermaster, J. M. Hannon; 2nd .Lieutenant and Detail Officer, C. R. Watson; Bvt. Second Lieutenant and Band Librarian, C. B. Baugh; Bvt. 2kid^ Lieutenant and Supply Officer, P. J.' Fenn; Bvt. 2nd Lieutenant and Junior Military Officer, A. L. Clifford. Non-Commissioned Officers Technical Sergeant, G. W. Ely; 1st Sergeant in charge of all Details, C. G. Yates; Sergeant in charge of Equipment Detail, J. L. Hole; Sergeant in charge of Percussion Detail, R. J. Coeys; Sergeant of Publicity, N. L. Downing; Sergeant Librarian, A. C. Flackbert; Sergeant Drum Major and assistant to Band Adjutant, J. B. Whyman; Supply Sergeant, R. K. Gast; Sergeant, assistant to Personnel Officer, C. G. Moon; Sergeant in charge of Quarters, D. L. Haines; Sergeant^in charge of Chair and Rack Detail, V.
D. Lawhead.
Corporal in charge of Quarters, P. C. Johnson; Supply Corporal, R. B. Clifford; Corporal of Publicity, W. A. Spraker; Corporal of Music Detail, F. J. Hemler; Corporal of Music Detail; J. Byers; Corporal of Equipment Detail, E. W. Hemmingsen; Corporal of Chair and Rack Detail, D. C. Ross; Corporal of Quarters Detail, T. F. Smith. Principal field trumpeter, W. J. Frantz; 1st Field trumpeter, M. F. Anderson; 2nd Field trumpeter, F. J. Hemler. e.w.m.
Corn, Pumpkins Decorate 'Barn' At Farm Frolic By Erv McCullough The south ballroom was beyond recognition as a ballroom last night after the “Barnyard Frolic” got under way. Corn stalks, pumpkins, cows’ heads on the band stands, and a backdrop showing a perplexed farmer watching Elsie the Cow truckin’ down to down were the feature decorations. The Winners The winners of the prize for the best costumed couple were Bun Lamb and Claude Thompson. The prize, by the way, was a fat, grey guinea hen and a burlap sack to go with it. Bun gave the impression of the gay farmerette all ready to go in to town. She wore a dress made of red bandanas, a pair of long, pink, silk bloomers, red stockings, old brown keds, and PERFUME! To go with all this she had a yellow straw hat trimmed with four huge flowers, a fur neckpiece, red-rimmed glasses and green wollen gloves. WOW!!!! Claude wore a bright plaid shirt, very patchy pants, and a small-sized black derby. Honors “Shortest” (and we don’t mean the height and weight kind) honors went to Rosalind Goff for her tattered, black shorts, and to George Wolf, premium manager for the coming horticultural show, for his (Continued on page 4) Senior Coupon Exchanges For lU Game Start Monday Coupon exchange for tickets to the Indiana game will begin next Monday at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. The schedule is as fol-
lows:
Seniors: November 4-5. Juniors: November 6-7. Sophomores: November 11-12. Freshmen: November 13rl4. Students who desire to obtain seats outside the student seqtion mdy do so upon payment of the Federal amusement tax. e.w.m.
Purdue
Rankin (C)... Neif.. Miller Axton... Melton Timperman McCaffry Smerke....^ Carter Bertb — t. Petty
PROBABLE LINEUPS Position Iowa LE Petit LT : Walker LG ToUefson Q ^ Diehl RG — Hawkins RT Enich (C) RE Maher ■- QB Couppee LH Bender RH ...Gilleard FB Green
By Joe Dolan
Exponent Sports Editor
Purdue’s football squad on an errand for revenge, prestige and comeback will take the football field out at Iowa City this afternoon to play a football game with the University of Iowa’s erratic eleven, andther team seeking prestige and comeback. Purdue goes into the struggle mindful of having outplayed and outgained its last three opponents, and at the same time having been the recipient of the score’s shortest end in those contests. Iowa, on the other hand, has taken a field goal defeat at the hands of the Hoosiers and a drubbing at Minneapolis last week. I II IIP.' I With the exception of little Mike
Byelene, Purdue goes into the game with a squad in as good a condition as it was in the opening Butler tilt. Iowa, however, can match Byelene’s loss by taking orders from the physician to keep Ray Murphy on the bench, due to injuries incurred by the hard ruiming fuRback against Minnesota last Saturday. It was Murphy who alone gained 88 yards against Indiana two weeks ago at Bloomington. And substitutions for the likes of Murphy simply “can’t be found,” according to the Iowa
camp reports.
Use Wisconpin Starters Purdue’s director, Elward, is expected to lean toward the starting lineup used in the Wisconsin game, composed of Berto, Carter, Petty an4 Smerke in the backfield. This group, although not as strong at. the halfback positions as men on the bench who will replace them, is as steady a foursome as Mward has been able to prepare for *^60 mim^e play.” Men of the type as Galvin, Anderson, Brock and other backs on the Gold and Black bench are used as “break-away” men, being inserted into the fracas *%hen the sit(Continued on page 3)
YESTERDAY afternoon John W. Oswalt, student pilot under Capt. L. I. Aretz, explained to Capt. F. R. Grunder, president of the Flying Cadet Examining Board, and Capt. E. R. Keller, publicity officer of the board, some of the features of a new plane recently obtained for training University students, e.w.m.
Playshop Awards Sales Prizes To 23 Jean Fassnacht won the first prize of nineteen dollars in the Playshop ticket selling contest, according to an announcement made yesterday by Playshop officials. The officials went on to state that a total of one himdred dollars in cash prizes was awarded to twentythree winners. Those receiving the awards are: Jean Fassnacht, Warren Archibald, Mary Robinson, Dick Coleman, Myra McKee, Pat McLaughlin, Betty Ann McCreery, Clarence Com, Connie Rippe, John GoU, Jane McCouch. Stiil more winners aye: Ed Leudeka, Doris Stroble, John Gjlley, Maurice Bernhard, Betty Erick, Harold Martin, LaVeme Muir, Jack Miller, Ruth Newton, Mary Jane Carr, Herbert Robinson and Jane
VanGorkom. e.g.k.
Dean Stratton Discusses Sorority Woman (K Today Dorothy C. Strattop, University dean of women, spoke on “Fraternity Future” last night at the biennial conference of Pan-Hellenic groups held in Bloomington. The general theme of this regional meeting, held on the Indiana University campus yesterday and today, is “The Fraternity Woman of Today and Her Role in the World of Tomorrow.’.’ Deans of women and fraternity officers are leading the
discussion. j.h.a.
Jewish, Baptist Student Groups To Meet Jointly Hillel Foundation, Jewish student group, and Roger Williams club, Baptist studqnt group, will hold a I joint meeting at 6:30 Sunday evening in the West Lafayette Baptist
church.
-.The plans for the meeting include supper, fellowship games and a talk “Educating for Better Human RelationsU by Rev. S. B. Crosland, Congregational minister from Chicago.
e.g.k.
Yellow Dog
You’ve read about the election that’s coming up Tuesday (yesterday^s Exponent to the contrary notwithstanding) but did you know that our own campus is a hotbed of political ferment, seething witk currents and cross-currents of sly Inr trigue and downright mderhandedness. From the poultry building to the Golden shops,, there’s ope qf thn most closely contested battles for votes that this country has ever known.' Where can you get the lowd^nm about the high-ups in this dash of two formidable pblitieal machin^T In just one place—^Monday’s edition of the Yellow Dog. IPs priced at the purdy nominal sum of one nickel, and will go on sale most anywhere on the campus at 7:30 a. m. Remember the way the last one w^t, and be thmre early* Mds. Send one home to the folks, too—there^ nothing In it to offend anyone—
mI ,
' s. M
pti h ^ n I
\k
PURDUE EXPONENT
Sahirday# November 2, 1940
5*^ Coiumii
We’ve been hearing nasty mutterings and rumors for some time now. But today things have come to a head. The army says that 69 percent of American youths now 21 years of age are gonna be drafted in a year. That’s eight hundred thousand of them. Which means that the odds on our becoming a captain are now 1 to 800,000. In favor of the Army. * * • The party in the Balkans shows signs of bogging down. Turkey’s holding off for better rates. Or something. And the Greeks are raising hell with Benito’s tanks. Besides killing lots of people. Which is true militaiT efficiency. Except that Mussolini doesn’t agree. * • * He says that his boys have captured seventy-five villages. To say nothing of the strategic industrial city of Jannina. But of course he’s prejudiced. • * * Mussolini’s also very excited about President Roosevelt. Claims PDR’s a war agitator. And says that he has deliberately fostered war propaganda. Against the axis. And furthermore—^he says that Britain’s going to become allies again. With America. But shucks, that isn’t any news to us. Wendell’s said so all along.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered M teeond clu* matter at the post offiee to Ij»fayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Oongress of Mardi >, 1870, and at the special rate of postaae provided for to section nos, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrlnir the regular academic year and weekly during the Bummer Session. Delivered locally br carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Bditoa>tn-Chicf.» ..B. W. Danahne Business Manager Jlerle Hagemeysr
Publication Staff News EditoiC J. H. McKee Managing Ednw — K. Heiple Associate Edito»i W. B. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, h. W. Ruflner,/B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Butinass Staff liocal Advertising Managers: D. S Powers, 6. C. Landers: Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Acopunts Managed, E. J. Bhadford; Circulation Manager, JL M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Xlditors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Bless. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. 0. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Cdtorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2798 Represented for national advertising by Hatlonal Advertising Betviec, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avs., Mew York, M. Y. Staff For This Issue
Might Editor: Heaton Might Sports Editor: Adamson Ass’t Night Editor: Brophy Day Editor: Rose Sophomores. E W. McCullough, J H Armstrong, E G. Kieper, F I Jones, O. L Allanson, R S Kolb, M L LoSey, V M Barson, A. Worsley, M McHaSie
We see by the headlines that FPanklin D. is in hot water again. You’d think he’d be nicely parboiled by now. This time it’s about two things. He’s exercising a proprietory interest in ambassadors. Calls them “my ambassadors.” Just like Eleanor and her day.
Not leaving any for the State Department. « « *
And Willkie thinks he’s a nasty little pig.
And Furthermore—^Wendell’s got his hair mussed Up about some campaign promises that Frankie made way back in ’32. He says FDR said he was going to cut government expenses. And then didn’t do it. We think Wendell has an awful long memory. Just like an elephant. o.l.a.
Hargrave Discusses Early Monon History At Meeting
16 miles per hour with wood-burner locomotives setting the countryside on fire with their showers of sparks.
Interesting highlights in the history of Indiana’s railroads and particularly of the Monon were discussed by Prof. Frank F. Hargrave of the history, economics and government department of the University at an open meeting of the Purdue Model Railroad club held in the Union last night. Prof. Hargrave told of the start of the railroad building in Indiana in 1836, and of the early times on the Monon when the speed limit was
WSG>^ Meeting Offers Skit: Typical Gold Digger's Date
A short skit, showing the trials and tribulations of a typical Gold Diggers’ date, will be enacted at the WSGA mass meeting in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union on Wednesday, November 6, at 4 p. m. Pat Frigge and Jim Murphy have
Cooperative Buying For Fraternities
been chosen to portray this typical campus couple. The skit will be complete with costumes and appropriate properties. Paula Zwierlein, WSGA president, will preside over the meeting in which Joyce Burnham will discuss the Vocational Guidance Conference which will be in session on the campus November 12 and 13. A final vote on the adoption of the new, revised WSGA Constitution will be taken. According to Paula Zwierlein this constitution is of interest to every co-ed on campus, and it is necessary to have a large number of girls present to vote. A committee of Agnes McCullock, Jane Black and Mary Ellen Scarff has been working on the revisions. a.r.w.
At this time last year, an extensive movement was under way to promote cooperative buying for the fraternity houses on this campus. The Interfraternity President’s Council hired a man part-time to assist in a survey of the plan’s merits or demerits. The records and accounts of half the houses were summarized regarding the previous year’s expenditures. A committee was appointed to visit local merchants and to obtain their prices, providing 25 fraternities bought from them. The results of this survey were not particularly encouraging to those who favored the plan. For instance, a local baker would give only a two per cent discount, even though he furnished all the bread for 25 houses. In addition, to secure even this small discount, the bread for all the houses would have been exactly the same loaf. On othor compaoditie?, though, the discount was a little better. The discount on the entire group of commodities averaged about 5 per cent. The merchants for the most part specified that the University must guarantee the accounts, and that they must be paid in a lump sum. Due credit must be given the University, however, for they agreed to guarantee the accounts, providing each fraternity would maintain a certfiin balance in a special account to be used for this purpose. To prove that such a plan Can be carried on to a certain degree of success, we cite the plan now in use among the fraternities at Ohio gtatetJniversity. In all fairness, though, we must mention that an earlier attempt there at such a plan failed after struggling through the year of 1033. At any rate, the present plan was inaugurated in 1930 with the aid of the Fraternity Managers Association. At the present time, 82 houses buy through the Association and pay the 3 per cent service fee it charges on all commodities. This service charge is used to reimburse the university for auditing the books of the Association. At Oregon State College an entirely different plan is in use; one that is operated independently of the university. Their buying organization is known as the Cooperative Managers Association and is owned by the fraternities and sororities. The Association’s Board of Directors selects a business manager whose duty it is to operate the large warehouse used by the Association. He and his assistants do all the buying, and then sell to the cooperating houses at cost plus a small service charge.. Chief among the objections of those intimately connected with the plan on this campus is that the cooperative plan tends to penalize the well-managed houses. It prevents them from jnaking as much money as they would frotn their own buying. In this manner the efficiently managed house would stand to Jose money, whereas the houses less efficiently managed would probably benefit from the plan. Those in fh^ know also claim that the houses on this campus are, for the most part, in a much better financial condition than the average of those on other oampuses. If this is true, therein probably lies the major reason for not pushing the cooperative plan to any greater ej^tent than the local fraternities have, w.e.h.
LEARN TO DANCE NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED., NOV. 6TH TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED THURS., NOV.7TH
7:30 P.M.
9
ALLEN’S 6TH ft FERRT
LIMA
SUN. - MON. — 2 HITS
iuUU
RANDOLPH scon KAY FRANCIS BRIAN DONLEVY GEORGE BANCROFT BRODERICK CRAWFORD ANDY DEVINE STUART ERWIN FRANK ALBERTSON ALSO
FROM THE FAMOUS RADIO PROeBAMl
wtih EDITH FELLOWS
LAST DAY--2 HITS . . VICTOR McLAGLEN — IN — "DIAMOND FRONTIER" — ALSO — CHARLES STARRETT — IN — THUNPfRING FRONTIER
The Ratio
3.03 mmm to 1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Most everybody has a fear of something whether it be man, beast or object, but here’s one of the craziest and most pronounced onep we have ever heard of. The other day, Theta Sis Taylor was walking to class with a bunch of her chums and when they arrived at the door of the building, they discovered a cat sitting in the doorway. Sis went into a tantrum and nearly hftd kittens herself and she wouldn’t go near that door until somebody either held the cat or (Jrove it away. Seems funny for-a girl not to like cats, doesn’t it? Speaking of crazy inhibitions and habits, we have a prof around here who really takes the cake. His name is Fledge and he’s a member of the English department. His favorite trick is to absent-mindedly climb up on a chair and sit on the back of it while he’s lecturing. Twice one day he slipped off and fell on his—uh, and fell to the floor. The second time he was picked up by two football players, set down right in the chair and told emphatically to sit there so they could sleep in peace. There ought to be a moral to this story, but I’ll be darned if I can think of one. Bill Greeves has a new nickname. Seems as though he offered to install electric lights in “Grouchy” and “Happy,” two pumpkins belonging to Teeny Spieth, so he was appropriately named “Pumpkin” in honor of his two charges. Wonder why “Head” wasn’t added to that nickname ?
‘The two-buck job merely appeases them, Lady—for six dollars we can give them termites total war!”
Dr. Sthuck Speaks On DIatetics And Defense
Dr. Cecilia Schuck of the University Foods and Nutrition Department is to be featured as a speaker at a meeting of the Nutrition Coun-
cil of the Indiana State Board of Health in Indianapolis today. Nutrition and defense will constitute the topic for discussion, and Dr. Schuck’s subject will be “Steps Taken by the American Dietetic Association and the Indiana Diatet-' ic Association to Cooperate with the National Defense Commissioni” m.1.1.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
RITTER
And HUi BoxM "WHtTB YLAGH"
•THE COW60V FROM SUNDOWN
PLUS
Paramount presents
— WITH — FIRST RUN NEWS ROBERT PAIGE
-ALSO-
‘.1^ e I ^ BED RYDER ^ *' ... DON : 3ARRy
• ADDEDLOUISE CAMPBELL
SUNDAY - MONDAY MY LITTLE CHICKADEE CITY OF DARKNESS COLOR CARTOON
UniUfiTU
Starts TOMORROW
A PICTURE THAT'S ENTIRELY DIFFERENT!
JOJS, CeriioB SbNGSI
DONAMECHEl BETTY GRABLE
CARMEN MIGAfA
In htr sentaflontiUereen Mutt
Starts TODAY
CHARLOTTE GHEENWOOPi
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
TJetfarfngtframaofa irir
LOMBARD LAUGHTON Fliey Knew What They „ Wanted’’ Diretted ^yjARSOn KANIN
GARGAN
Harry carey
frank FAY
f I —TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
POP ALWAYS PAYS — PLUS — Courageouj; Dr. Christian
fi
Tt
(h
A/
rll '' 4 '
4^ ‘r 1/
f ij « r «4 ^ ^ \ ' f e ■>"
f c ^ «
^i^(} f ^ hr
k 4
\ ;t 1 I V.
i « I €
I I
? I
£xfbomni SfsutJdi S^aqn Riveter Cro$s Country Squad Battles Wayne U. Thinlyclads At Detroit Today Facing their fifth opponent of the season, Coach Phillips’ cross country runners will attempt to raise their percentage of victories above the 600 mark today w^en they meet Wayne University harriers at Detroit. Until now the Gold and Black thiplies have been able to win two meets while they have lost the same number. ^ ^
^pvainber % 1940
StoUar runner and captain of the Eiveter track team Ed Holderman has yet to be defeated this season in a dual meet. In the confbst with Ohio State, however, Holdbrman was hard pressed by Price, Buckeye chief hope, and won by a very small margin. Schools whose harrier^ teams have been beaten by the Boilermaker squad so far this fall are Wisconsin and Pittsburgh. Last year Coach Phillips’ men came out on the winning end of a 25-30 score when they faced the Auto-City tracksters, but past performances cannot always be relied upon in the pre4iction of future happenings. Today’s race is scheduled to start at about 10':3Q, and it looks like did man weather might have something to say about its final outcome. The drop in temperature yes-
terday, while not conducive to the best running, shoul^ not bother these iron men of the track too much on their long grind. Among the men that left for Detroit yesterday noon are: Holderman, Reeyes, Appleton, Stanley and McLaughlin.
Today's Football Card Minnesota vs. Northwestern. Indiana vs. Ohio State. Purdue vs. Iowa. Illinois vs. Wisconsin. Notre Dame vs. Army. Fordham vs. North Carolina. Stanford vs. UCLA. Nebraska vs. Oklahoma. Texas A. & M. vs. Arkansas. Cornell vs. Columbia.
CAIOOS 25c 50c %1,00
F or the most relaxing, skin-firesh-•ning bath experience tou have ever known, try Calgon Bouquet. Three lovely soorts—Gardenia, Lavender, Novo Fougere. Your favorite CAtOON soap will burst into dear, gleaming BOJUQUBT suos. Your skin will feel like vdvet. [(Large pkg. $1.00 There’ll be no bath-tub ring. ^ ° And for any washing purpose, we recommend Calgon mnscented), that magical new saentific discoveiy which conges even the hardest water into a sooting, protective solution that benefits everything washed. Soap, much less of it,does more worktrinses out complete^. Dishes and glassware spame. Qothes become whiter. Woolens soft and fluffy. Hands remain smooth and white. Calgon is not a cosmetic but is based on a substance having proved thera peutic and prophylactic qualiues.
Cosmetics
Street Floor
Wintliroip Shoes $6.85 to $8.85—'Colonial Orades $5.00 to ■> 00.
Yir|ERE*s the shoe that taught tfiousamlB ol iDen uU how to loaf luxuriously. Easy-going—thor-oughly American in style and comfort, the Klomp is back this season smarter than ever an odds-on favorite at leisure 4me. Try on your pah today* KINNEY'S West Side of Square
By Joseph Patrick Dol^ A different sports writer each week is our present policy, and from the land of the tall corn comes the punching of an Iowa sports editor, Oscar Hargrave, no doubt the most popular sports editor in the conference. Iowa’s isn’t taking the Boilermakers lightly, but you’d better read what the Voice of Iowa pounds out on af typewriter. By Oscar Hargraye, Sports Editor, Daily Iowan The experts pass rather lightly over Saturday’s Iowa homecoming football game between Dr. Eddie Anderson’s Hawkeyes and Purdue’s Boilermakers. It is, insofar as it affects the national gridiron picture, a clash of second divisiem Big Ten teams. That, however, comes from a hasty scanning of the records, which take into account the wins and losses, but fail to give an accurate picture of the real potentialities of either team. Here in Iowa City the general opinion is that the Hawk-eye-Boilermaker game will be a thriller and that either team is capable of hi^h class football. Facts and figures to back up this belief come under two headings, the first substantiating the prediction of an interesting game and the second furthering the belief that the win and loss column fails to give eithe:^ team its deserved rating. The game, to start with, is a battle for redemption for both elevens and both can be expected to shoot the works. The Hawks are smarting from successive defeats by Indiana and Minnesota, while the Boilermakers lost a none too clear cut decision to Ohio State, dropped a game to Michigan Sfiate and were nosed out by Wisconsin when the Badgers staged an insane finish that the movies wouldn’t have dared spring on the public. Add to this the fact that both will shoot the works on the matter of styles of play and the stage is set for an afternoon of great entertainment. Iowa, under Dr. Anderson, has blossomed into one of the midwest’s most colorful teams. Mai El-
IM All-Stv SoM Team AnnoDiKed ' Following the close of the intramural softball seasop last week, the final selection of an all-star teapi, composed of nine organized and five independent men, was made yesterday afternoon by the All-Star bpard, according to the announcement by Pete Tinjtperman, chairman. Members of the board, which include Timperman, Bryan Brock, J. G. Kalbfieisch, Carl Geiger, ward manager, and Paul Zimmerman, fraternity manager, made their choices from lists submitted by the team managers. A hst of the All-Star softball team follows: ' Pitchers • Donald W Blanken, Phi Kappa Tan, John Conrad, Ward 18, Robert S. Miers, Cary Hall 11 Catchers: Roscee B Starek, Delta Upsilon, William Stevens, Lambda Chi Alpha. Infielders. Richard L Dilts, Siema Alpha Epsilon; Robert L Igney, Phi Sigma Kappa ; Jean H. Brooks, Alpha Gamma Rho, William H Klein, Cary Hall 10 (Terry House) ; Ernest A Wegener, Ward 31. Outfielders: Richard D. Kentner, Kappa Delta Rho, Douglas V McDaniel, Phi Delta Theta, John A. Hawley, Delta Upsilon, Cecil A Polk, Ward 26 ward and Purdue, also basing their game on the teachings of Knute Eockne and Notre Dame, have engaged in innumerable thrillers around the Western Conference — they play a long range game, based on speed and versatility, with John Galvin, Mike Byelene and John Petty to match the running of Iowa’s Bill Green, Oops Gilleard and Bus Mertep. Stacked up against each other, the Hawkeyes and Boilermakers rate about even for weight, with Iowa probably having an edge in the line and Purdue getting the nod on its passing. But, the presence of Dave Rankin in the Boilermaker forward wall might make up for most of the margin Iowa could have through the presence of Capt. “Iron Mike” Enich, Jim Walker and Bill Diehl, standouts in the line. Similarly, the Hawkeyes have potentialities in the passing game and Jim Youel’s and Bob Bender’s aerials are about due to click. It remains, though, that either team is capable of piling up heavy scores or of breaking up a ball game at any time. It's the general opinion around here that both teams are apt to hit their stride this week-end, with the Hawkeyes getting a slight margin among local forecasters. But, it’s a chance for Iowa to rise to a .600 rating in the Big Ten and it might he an opportunity for the Boilermakers to move back into the place they almost had in the Ohio State game.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Jewelers
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Shoe Repair
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING ' Phone 2240 221 State
Four Conference Gaines Lead Today's Grid Card All of the Big Ten teams except Michigan will be battling it out among themselves this afternoon as the conference race reaches the hdlf-way point of its season’s activities. Minnes0i:a journeys to Evanston to take on the Wildcats in the big game of the day, Illinois invades Wisconsin, Indiana meets Ohio State on the Buckeye stamping grounds, and the Boilermakers travel out to Iowa City to face Eddie Anderson’s Hawkeyes.
Riveters Seek (Continued from page 1) uation is ripe.” Just such moves scored twice against Wisconsin a week ago. Trust In “Tex” Although Smerke’s blocking ability is far below par, Elward and other Boilermaker mentors have confidence in the Texas lad’s judgment in team direction; and Smerke’s tackling can’t be improved upon. His pass defense gets hotter as the days of practice flit past. loWa’s Big Line Iowa’s squad, built around the play of “Iron Mike” Enich, will be out to save Coach Anderson’s reputation and its own. It is well known that the Iowa machine is the same one, except Kinnick and Captain Erwin Prasse, that became the 1939 miracle team. Out in the com country, people are beginning to whisper that maybe last season’s edition was an egg shell hardened by Kinnick’s leadership. And the ’40 publication of Hawkeye news just about affirms that supposition. In the line, Iowa is the same, except for the ends that defeated Purdue last season, and talked the, Boilermaker club out of the ’38 conference championship. The same boys ‘ are up there in front today who blocked Galvin’s and Brown’s punts last season for four scanty points. It is also the line that held Purdue’s three “B’s” to 44 yards from scrimmage and practic^ly committed mayhem on Dave^ Rankin, every time the Purdue end tried to get in pass-receiving territory. In back of that strong Iowa line is the cockiest football player in the country, A1 Coupee. That Fellow, Coupee Coupee is the feRow who stopped play about seven times last season to quiet the Purdue fans, and who spent four quarters razzing the Purdue line. He’s one player the Purdue ends and tackles will be gunning for, since he’s rated as the best end and tackle “taker-outer” in the league. 'The Voice of Purdue' 11:00 Just Kids. 11:16 Cardyn Wood, soprano. 11:30 High School Gues|; Program, Morocco. 12:00 The Woman Shopper. 12:16 Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:30 Meet the Band. 12:46 Market Reports. 1:0.0 Radio Stqge. 1:80 Music WilJiout Wqrdb. 1:45 Pmrdue vs. Iowa Game,
Hope For Upset It will be Homecoming at Northwestern today, and *the Wildcats have high hopes of polling another upset on Minnesota’s Golden Gophers. Dyche Stadium will he packed to the rafters for the affair which will pit two of the Big Ten’s thre4 unbeaten teams against each other. It will be the twenty-third meeting of the two squads and the Purple will he out looking for their third straight win over the northern powerhouse. At Columbus, the somewhat kicked-around Buckeye team will be trying to get back into the swing of things against Indiana. Ohia State hasn’t won a game sineh its victory over the Riveters and has now received three successive setbacks at the hands of Northwestemi Minnesota and Cornell. The Hoosiers, who are having the same trouble as the Boilermakers as far as the final scores are concerned, will be seeking their first win over the Scarlet and Gray forces m three years. Another Homecoming Another homecoming affair wiR be on tap at Madison today where a sell-out crowd is expected to watch the Hlinois-Wisconsin affair. Both squads are suffering from sickness and injuries and it is doubtful if either team will be up to full strength. The Badgers have experienced 'a wave of intestinal flu, which has sent three regnilars to the sidelines, while the Hlini were forced to leave one of their first string halfbacks and an end at hdme. The Army will play host to Notre Dame at Philadelphia this afternoon in a renewal of their long gridiron feud. The Irish have been picked as top-heavy favorites for the battle, but Coach Elmer Layden is having his troubles vrorrying about hia squad’s over-confidence, Riding Club Hears Pnl. Codey Speak Thirty members of the University Riding dub heard Professor R. B. Cooley of the animal husbandry department speak on “The Anatoiqy of the Horse” at Ihe meeting last Wednesday evening in the Union. Induded hi Professor Gooley^s ta^ was a discussion of the different gaits of horses. He also praised the facilities for riding hmre at the Univesrsity and conunented that one doesn’t have to be a millionaire to own a good riding horse these days. Be heartily recommended riding as one of the best means of exercise that he knew. sf.jj.
We Make Afl Kinds oF VMterations on[ Men's and Ladies' Garments JOE'S TAILOR SHOR CHAUNCEY and MAIN STS.
Relax—Enjoy Yourself Put your driving cares in the hands of one of our competent drivers. ji DonH let the weather map get you dpwn.
5023
PHONES
YELLOW CAB CO “The Thinking Fellow Calh a Yellow**V i*
’» ‘i
WJ‘m " ' •< k%^ r.'V^..
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday* Novembe)^ 2, 1940
' I ¥ t
Ife
r /
i>f
Church
Directory
Methodist Students
8:00 a. m. Council breakfast. 9:30 a. m. Co-ed Classes: 1. “Comparative Religions,” Mrs. McFadden. 2. “You and Your World,” Mrs. Webb. 10:40 a. m. Sermon: “Draftees of the Divine,” Rev. Steele. 6:16 p. m. Student supper at the Foundation. 6:00-6:30 p. m. Fellowship Hour at the church. 6:30-7:15 p. m. Open Forum on “Moral Issues of the Election,” at the church. Rev. McFadden, chair-
man.
liXll*
7:15 p. m. Worship Service on “Cmc Responsibility,” closing at 7:45 p. m.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Columbia and Chauncey Sts.
Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Club Class, Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m. Sermon by the pastor, “Does God Intervene in the History of Mankind.” Solo, “As Thy Wilt,” Williamson, Mrs. Price, Anthem by the choir. 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. The Hillel Foundation of Purdue will meet with us and share in the
program. 6:30 p. m. Discussion Hour with Rev. Stanley B, Crosland, pastor of the Congregational Church of Roger Park, Chicago, and a member of the Jewish-Christian Conference, will speak on the subject, “Educating for Better Puman Relations.” The public is invited to hear this address at 6:30 p. m.
Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church 6th and North Streets, Lafayette
9:30 a. m. Sunday Student Class. Prof. Prank Hall, of the history department, on the “International Situation.” 10:40 a, m. Church Worship. Rev. Doyle Mullen, “The Suspected Church.” 5:16 p. m. Ten cent supper, 126 S. Chauncey, W. Lafayette. 6:00 p. m. Forum program. Recreation, singing, discussion, worship. Discussion to be led by Mrs. Hubert Reynolds on, “Why Do We Tolerate Race Prejudice?*
University Presbyterian Church North and Grant Streets
WAA News Corn, Pumpkins
According to Jane Black, head of riding, 10 points will be given to any girl who rides outside of class provided she signs the form which is at the stables. Only 100 points can be made in this sport. This rule has been passed so that co-eds who want to earn their class numerals will go out for more than one sport.
(Continued from page 1)
Douglass Will Represent Greeks At Nat'l Conclave
—WAA— Ester Kirkoff was elected head of volleyball at the WAA council meeting Thursday. Volleyball callouts are Monday, November 18. All the houses, halls and wards should have a team, / —WAA— Hockey tournament all next week starting Monday. Report every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
—WAA— Freshman co-eds who are interested in making points by doing office work in the WAA office are urged to sign up in the gym at any time. This new activity offers an opportunity for freshmen to earn points. —WAA— Archery tournament ends November 13. Practices are held every Monday and Wednesday at 4 o’clock. Don’t forget to record scores made.
—WAA— Riflery. Come out and shoot. To avoid mix-ups, come at time assigned. New girls are urged to come at any time. —WAA— Don’t forget the WAA Harvest Hop Friday, November 29. Get your date early, we promise you’ll haV*e a good time, v.m.b.
super short Boy Scout shorts. Only one man accepted the challenge of Bud Luers, president of the Newman club which sponsored the dance. This man was Damon Elder who came with tattered overalls, no shirt and NO SHOES! Date Beulah Holt looked exceptionally sweet and demure in her “little girl” get-up, with Elder as a background. Faculty, Too Doc P. A, Henderson of the agricultural school and his wife outdid themselves with country formal dress of many years ago. She wore a gingham dress with pantaloons, long gloves, glasses and braids, while Doc wore coverall tails, a goatee and mustache, with a bed pin to hold his short together. J. S. Maddox of the speech department was the fat farmer with his felt hat pulled down to his ears. He also had a goatee and mustache. ‘Typicals’ We have decided from the show last night that the typical farmerette wears play suits, or pants of some kind, braids, checked shirts, mocassins, red socks and sucks a lollypop. The average farmer boy seems to be a fellow with his trouser legs rolled up to his knees, a checked shirt, old keds, and a battered felt hat.
Don Douglass, president of the Inter-Fratemity President’s Council and a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, will represent the University at the first regional national undergraduate interfraternity council conference at Columbus, O., November 7 to 9. He is to be a speaker on the program. Approximately 1,600 undergraduate and alumni members of fraternities, representing 48 colleges and universities ip six neighboring states and Ontario, will participate in the conference. Until this year the annual meeting of the national undergraduate interfraternity council was held as a part of the annual meeting of the national interfraternity conference in New York City.
John Cantowine
. .. Ag ’42, who was injured in an automobile accident September 28, has been released from Home hospital and has gone to the home of his parents near Greencastle. r.s.k.
Classified
Ads
Kiwanis Reports Record Sales Of Banquet Tickets
Rass-Bent-A-Car Seirice. Cara for all oeeaaions. Min. $2.60 all nizht. Phone, 2407.
Personnel Inf'erviews
Company: Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Company’s Products: Electric and Pneumatic Control Sys-
tems. Types of Positions: Sales Training Course. Training Desired:
Electrical or Mechanical, January graduates. Salary: $100.00. Company: Chain Belt Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Company’s Products; Chain, Sprockets, Conveyors, Elevators. Types of Positions: Production, Sales Training Course. Training Desired: Engineering, January graduates.
All previous records for early ticket sales for the annual Kiwanis Purdue football banquet to be held on November 26 have been broken according to general chairman Simon Heemstra. More than two hundred people have already purchased tickets for the affair which will bring to a close the University football season. Heemstra contributed the increased sales to the public interest m the 1940 football team and to the reduced price of the tickets. The price is one dollar with a special price of seventy-five cents for students. They are on sale at the Union as well as at numerous stores in Lafayette and West Lafayette. Also all Kiwanians have tickets.
Typewriters and addingr machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Rooms For Rent: Rooms for fellows in new gas heated home Private entrance, tiled shower, twin beds. Phone 2143.
For Rent: Newly furnished Maple Bedroom Private home, single or double. Breakfasts Phone 76414.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. 4-H Clnb Members: Annual Fall party in women’s gym, Saturday, November 2, from 8 to 12 p. m. Committee members have tickets. Ten cents in advance and fifteen cents at the door. —DE LA CROIX.
Owners of Lost Glasses; Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office Please come in and identify them. —ENDERS.
John W, Findley, Pastor Rnd Director of Westminster Foundation Robert S. Thomas, Assistant 9:30 a. m. The series of discussion groups will be continued with Dr. Graves leading the group on the “Life of Jesus”; Dr/ Howland leading the group on the “Social Responsibilities of an Engineer”; and Mr. Thomas leading the group on “Social Action and the Church.” 10:45 a. m. Worship an^ preaching service at Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette, Seventh and Columbia Streets. 6:00 p. m. The Sunday Evening club meets for supper. All students are invited to join the group. 7:00 p. m. The Sunday evening discussion group will meet.
St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Perry Sts., Lafayette i 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion. Corporate Communion for students, followed by breakfast in Parish House. 10:45 a. m. Holy Communion with full music and sermon. 6:00 p. m. Seabury Society. Supper. Dr. E. L. Kelly will present the subject: “Marriage as a Profession.”
Clothes Fairly Sparkle, with cleanliness when cleaned by Crown.
ALL WOOL GARMENTS MOTH-PROOFED by the Monite Process—NO EXTRA CHARGE for this service.
rise etCAIIERS of fine clotnes
Facuify Club Announce Bridge Evening Dales
University Club has announced dates for bridge parties for all duly qualified members of the club to be held in the JEast Faculty Lounge of the Union, promptly at 7:30 p. m., on the following Monday evenings during 1940-1941: November 11, December 2, January 20, February 17, $(arch 10, March 31, and April 21. A double deck of cards will be awarded each lady and gentleman with the highest score of the six rounds of bridge to be played each evening. No more than one prize y will be av^arded to a given family for high scores on the first six evening, or on guest night, April 21. The four high scores for the season will be tallied to determine those eligible for the final prizes to be awarded on guest night. m.k.b.
• • • •
OFF TO IOWA OFF TO VICTORY . . . .
We’re wishing luck to a determined team. From what they have done in previous games Purdue students must be proud of them. ROOT FOR THEM ! I
PETER ANDERSON CO.
Y After You We Come First 525 Alabama Phone 4048
PIA Salesmen: Turn in membership books after 4 p. m. in the office before Wednesday, November 6. —SOPCAK.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a meeting for all old members Wednesdw evening, November 6, at 7:80 p. m. In room 807 of the Union.
Advanced Course Military Seniors: Seniors will be paid in,the main office of the Armory from 1 to 4:80 p, m. on Monday, November 4. —TORMEY.
Purdue Outing Clnb: There will be an important business meeting Tuesday, November 6, in room 212 of the Union. All old members are urgently requested to attend. Everyone who is interested is welcome. —PARKER.
Camera Club: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 6 at 8:30 p. m. Proper attire is as follows; boys should wear Coat and tie, no sweaters und^r coat, no handkerchief in pocket, girls wear one piece dress, silk stockings, no sweaters and no saddle shoes. Every club member urged to be present. Please be prompt. —GEPHART.
Silver Mask; Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 7:16 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. All members please be present. —PITCHER.
Purdue Players: Petitions for crew heads of "What a Life" must be in the Playshop office before noon Monday, November ^ —CARR.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting kt 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, November B, in room 807, Union. —MEESE.
NYA: Checks for period ending October 16 are now available at cashier’s office in executive building. HOLLENSBEE
Senior Military: An instrbetive movie showing the actions of ibe rifle squad in combat will be shown at the Armory at 4:00 p. m. Monday, Nov, 4. —WORKMAN.
Playshop Prize Winners: May collect their prizes by calling at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between 9 and 12 a. m. Saturday, November 2, or 9 and 12 and 1 and 5 of any day the following week. 7^-~CARIw
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting of pledges at 4 p. m. Monday, November 4, in the reading room, mechanical engineering building. All actives interested in convention at Iowa State (November 7, 8, 9) also attend or contact me. —^WIST.
Senior Military: An instructive movie showing the actions of the rifle squad in Combat will be shown at the Armory at 4 p m. November 4 —WORKMAN.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Ball game will be played at 1:15 p m. Saturday, November 2, at south end of Intramural field. —MANGUS.
PEW Riding Class: There will be a meeting Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, November 6 and 7, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s gymnasium. Lectures will be on types of horses, different styles of riding, tack and bitting. Attendance at one of these meetings is required for credit in the course If for any reason you cannot be present any one of these days, please notify the Women’s gym. —CASE.
Agriculture Education Society: Meeting Tuesday, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 365 of Union. Parliamentary procedure directed by Dean Freeman and film strips shown by outside vocational teapher. Waiter Weber at North Terre Haute high school. —CROOKS.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives and pledges at 4 p. m, Monday, November 4, room 304, Union. —GRISB.
Buffalo Purdue Club: All students from Buffalo, N. Y. and vicinity meet in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union Tuesday, November 5 at 7:30 p m —BAUMAN.
Freshmen Bngrineers: Students assigned to Enginereing Lectures will report Saturday, November 2, by schools as follows. Students whose names begin with A-E, room 129, electrical building; F-K, room 201, civil building; L-R, room 101, Golden Shops, S-Z, room 264, electrical building. —KNAPP.
Scriveners: There will be a meeting Sunday night, November 3, at 7:30 o’clock in room 261 of Union —RIEGLE.
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Those who do not have key replicas see me at the SAE house. —FLETCHER.
Scriveners: There will be an editorial board meeting Saturday, November 2, in the office at 2 o’clock. —RIEGLE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Debris picture taken in the south ballroom of the Union at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 6. Wear suits. Be on time. —CARTWRIGHT.
Sophomore Forensic Managers: Important meeting Monday, November 4 at 4 p. m. in room 308, University Hall. —EICHEN.
Chi Epsilon: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 6 at 7:40 p. m. All actives and pledges be present. —MEYERS
Roger Williams Club: Fellowship meeting with Jewish group at 6:30 p. m. Sunday. Everyone is urged to be present. —BYER.
Reamers: Regular meeting at 7:16 p m Monday, November 4, in room 805 of the Union. Pledges report at 7:46 p. m —BOHLIN
Alpha Zeta: Debris pictures will be taken at 9,45 p m Tuesday, November B, in the south ballroom of the Union. Actives and pledges be present } —STEWART.
Reamers: Debris picture will be taken at 9 16 p. m Tuesday, November 6, in the south ballroom of the Union —BOHLIN.
Scriveners: Important business meeting at 2pm Saturday, November 2, in the Scrivener office. Attendance compulsory. ’ —METZ.
WSGA Independent House Presidents: A Council meeting Tuesday, November 6 at 7:00 p. _m. Election of officers will be held and social programs will be discussed. You or your regular WSGA representative are urged to attend —PINK
Camera Club: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 6 at 8:30 p. m. Proper attire is as follows: boys should wear coat and tie, no sweaters under coat, no handkerchief in pocket, girls wear one piece dress, silk stockings, no sweaters and no saddle shoes. Every club member urged to be present Please be prompt —GEPHART.
AT^NOUNCING . .
educed Rates
for
Classified Ads'
WHETHER
rr BE FOR SALE
FOR RENT
FOR TRADE-
You’ll be certain to contact your better market through the new classified columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at the Business office «312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
the Purdue Exponent
t
h
I >
I 1
4\ \ i ii
Mi
r