U^sJ/comiL^ ^jddJufuuv!
Z-1S5
Vcdu^a 52,4k
20 Pages
Saturday, SefDleindier 7, 1940
ith Orieritatioii
Claude R. Wickard, Ag ’15, was appointed by President Roosevelt July 19 to succeed Secretary of Agriculture Henry A. Wallace, whose resignation becahie effective that* day. Wickard is one of the state’s leading fanners and one of the University’s most outstanding agricultural graduates.; He has served as under secretary pf agriculture since last February., Born on a Carroll county farm, ■' ' ' " ■ - ; ' -
Peb. 124, 1893, Wickard had all the chores ahd work of the typical Indiana farm boy. He was graduated from Delphi high school in 1910 and enrolled in the school of agriculture here that fall. H,owever, he dropped out of the University the next year to manage his father’s farm but returned to Purdue year later and was graduated with the class of 1916, after making an excellent scholastic record as well as in other school activities. He was a recognized leader in campus affairs, his ability and genial per■’sonality winning him many friends here. He majored in animal husbandry and won a membership in Hoof and Horn, honorary society for those studying livestock prodiuction. He also belonged to Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity, then the
Emanon club.
Following his graduation, Wickard returned to his home farm and almost immediately bought a hundred acre farm of his own, going into hog production oh a fairly big scale. Pure-bred Hampshire hogs, Angus cattle, and general crops were his principal products. That he made, good was shown by the fact that in 1927 he was recognized as a “Master Farmer,” by Prairie Farmer magazine which then was selecting a few men in each midwestem state for this award.
State Senator
The new secretary entered public life in 1932 when he was elected state senator from Carroll, Clinton, and White counties, serving as chairman of the agricultural committee in the legislative session of 1933. That summer he was named a member of the com belt Comhiittee Of 26 to suggest a farm program to Congress. His work there was outstanding and in August 1933, he Was named assistaht ’chief of the com-hog section organized under the AAA farm program. He became chief in 1936 and later that year, ■When the agricultural cohservatioh programs vretei started to supplant the triple A, ■which had been declared unconstitutional, he was named assistant direfetpr of the north central region Which includes 12 north central states. He became director a few months later and held that post until he was nameO under secretary of agriculture last February, succeeding M. D. Wilson ' who became director of extensip^i for the Department of Agriculture. Wickard’s eldest daughter, Betty, graduated this past June from Pulrdue in the school of science. His Second daughter, Ann, -will enroll
today.
For Band Tryouts According to an announcement by Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the University Military and Symphonic Bands, the first meeting of all freshmen intending to try out for membership in the University bands will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the concert band shell of ,the Music
Hall.
All students expecting to participate With the “All-American Band” as baton twirlers ate also requested to attend this initial meeting as all tryout schedules will be announced
then.
ll^mbarking on one of the busiest seasons in its history, the Military Band will assemble for its first rehearsal of the 1940-’41 season on Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in preparation for the University convocation Wedneseday evening. In preparing for a full gridiron season, the band will begin drilling Thursday evening fpr the PurdlieButler tussle on September ,28 at Ross-Ade Stadium. Special formations ■will be presented at the Wisconsin-Purdue game on October 26 in honor of the yisiting alumni, and the band will also participate between the halves of the Purdue-Indiana tilt, Novem-
,ber 23.
Plans are in the course, of completion to have ’the band triavel to
You are here. This is fortunate for you and for Purdue. The University will do its best to enable you to remain here. May you be able to match this best with your best; and thereby qualify yourselves as successful freshmen, as successful sophomores, as successful juniors and as seniors of dependable competency. - Purdue needs you and you need Purdue. Tqgjether let hs determine to prove oUr readiness for any and all of the duties belonging to educated youth at this critical time. Edward G. Elliott
several out-of-town games this fall. With the completion of the football season, the Unwersity bands ■will begin an actwe winter season. The Symphonic Band will begin preparing for the concert season while the varsity banfi. will be busy performing for military arid athletic events. With the increased facilities of the Music Hall, the riaembership of the band will be increased over that of the past few years.
The Student Book Exchange will start reedvirig used books for sale at 10 o’clock Monday morning and will start selling books on Wednesday in the south ballroom of the Union. This will be the sixth operation of, the exchange during the paM
three and a half school yearSi According to book exchange offi-, dalsi “the student book exchange is a hdii-profit organization organized entirely for the purpose of serving the student body.” Further, they state that any student may bring in his books and set his o^wn selling
price.
It is expected by exchange officials tfiat freshmen will have an advantage o'ver the “higher” classes in that the iriajority of hooks handled
PENALTY DATES This school year there will be six penalty periods, according to the bean of Men’s office. These periods include the twerity-fouir hours immediately before and ^ter vacations. Absence from one or more Scheduled classes dhfink *9^^ of ,these periods costs the student a ^5 fine. The periods for the various vacations are as follows; Thaifksgiving— ^ Nov. 20 and Nbv. 22.
Ghiusti NooiKiJec. and Jin. (t mi , iMl;:
^,',|)e|i |i, jii
This year’s convocation programs range from music by John Charles Thomas and the Indianapolis and Chicago Symphony Orchestras to lectures by Eve Curie, Stuart Chfi^e, Rockwell Kent and William Lyon Phelps. Marian Anderson, noted contralto songstress, will also appear here in a convo. In all, ten convocations are scheduled, five d|oidn|;'. .the first semester arid five during the spring semester. The first of the teii prograiris will ieaiure Rockwell Kekt, ■^fto is a noted artist, lectured, ^Irirer irid the author of five b’odfes. Bis lectfitb; “Art for Everyone,” traces the development of art in America. He pteces particular emphasis on
the
'lecturfe is sch^^ -
■
■ convo
leci^- uctoB bSiir^l:
Meetings of all sophomore Union arid Studerit Senate workers interested in working on the Student Book Excharige will be held today and toriiorrow at 4 p. m. m the Union office.
tiuough the exchange in tfie past have beep those used in freshm,an courses, yhile advanced techriical books ha've always been in demand. The first exfchange in Junria:^ ef 1^37 received 1,964 bqo^ Which Were vaiiieh at $3,026. ip ihp idst school Wear l^e exohan||e haridled over $8,000, and 6,600
hands.
' ■ t OMc^ §9 book e:^|hip^elor'
'll® y®“
Conference Aftracts Nation's Authorities Concluding a five-day conference yesterday, about 176 of ■the nation’s leading authorities on soil mechanics, rireeting under the auspices of the Society for the Pron^otion of Engineering Education, returned to the 26 states and two foreign countriejs f^om which they came, to join in the ineeting on dainpUs. As the first conference of its kind in a rather new scientific field this meeting brought together representatives of 60 engineering schools which now include soil mechanics in their curriculum, representatives from the highway commissions of 16 states, consulting engineers, army engineers, and representatives^of the Public Roads Adnunistration. ' Methods of instruction in soil mechanics, practical ^demonstrations of boring and sampling operations conducted at the joint highrwaj^ research project test roads west of the campus, and discussions of the physical properties of soils arid their determination were tfie highlights of the meeting. Among the principle sp’eakers at the conference Were R. F. Legeti Unwersity of Toronto; E. L. Clarke, Clemson College; R. 6. Herines, University of Wisconsin} Prof. R. B. Wiley, Purdue UniversilW; J* D, Watson, Duke Uni'versity; Hj T. jenkins, Cornell Uniyersity^^D. M, Burmister, Columbia tiniversiiy; E. J. kilca'wley, Berisselaer PbiytecBriical Institute; A. Cu^rig^ande, HaW Vafd University, rind P. G. Euf^ iege, Purdue University.
Opening the 17th University orientation program, and the 67th academic year, the class of 1944 will convene in the Music Hall at 7:45 this morning for their introduction to the Uhiversity, its leaders and its work. All new students, freshmaii ahd transfer, will meet Edward C. Elliott, president of the University; Dorothy C. Stratton, dean Of women; Martin L. Fisher, dean of men, and R. Stone, registrar. V ' ■ ' ’ , ' " After the prograin has been opened with singing led by A. P. Stewart, glee club director, and yeUs by the head yell-leada;, eaph of these officials -will have a word of welcome and a message for the new Purdue men and women.
Tests—^Already
Follo^wing the preliminaries is the beginning of the work of the day—-consisting mainly of the orientation tests to be administered under the direction of H. H. Remmers. Psychological and English placement tests will occupy the nioming arid will be followed in the afternoon by an English composition test. The afternoon will be completed when the frosh split up in groups and meet with their re-
spefctive Schools. Mixer At 9 P. M.
A Union mixer planned for 9 p.m. -will close a busy day for the rhinies. A longer rest period (all day Sunday) will precede the first of the physical examinatioiis scheduled to begin Monday and continue through Tuesday. The last of the orientation tests — mathematics—wili be taken care of Monday mom-
ing.
* Registration for upperclassmen starts on Monday morning, but the first frosh to register ■mil do so on Tuesday niOrriing. After the close of registration Wednesday, everyone ridll relax xmtil Thursday whenclasses begin. NeW students Were entertained in the Union last night by thoPirirdue Rbli^OuS Council. This Was . a new pre-orientatibn feature.
The student body of the University will convene on Wednesday night at 7:30 o’clock in the Music Hall for a pre-school “fitness” convocation. The convocation will be a “pep” rally to “put everyone in the right mood for the coming
school year.”
Selections by both the University Band and the Glee Club, and an address by President E. C. Elliott ■will be featured on the prograin. Also during the evening tribute ■will he paid to the Irite Noble E. Kizer,. former athletic director and football coach, whose death during the Summer was a tragic blow not pnly to the University but to intercollegiate athletics as a whole, ArchWard, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, will be the principal speaker for the shor^ memorial ser^Yice. George Ade, ’87, distinguished Hoosier huridorist, will outline the history of the Old Oaken Bucket and 4;he Victory Bell to the convocation audience. The new University mascot in the form of a locomotive superstructure mounted on an automobile chassis ■will be presented by William H. Winterrowd, ’07) of Philadelphia, Pa., president of the Purdue Alumni Association arid vicepresident of the Baldwin iiOcoriaotive Works. , ^ Other speakers of the evening ■will include. David E. Ross, presiident of the. Bomd of Trustees; Coloriel D-- M. Beere, ROTC commandant; and A. V. Clarke of , Akron, Gi, president of the Studerit
Union.
Receives Associate
Says Potter, Advisor To Defense Agencies “Those ■who had planned to go to coilege. and also those who attended college last year should riot interrupt their education af this time, unless advised by the government to perform other patriotic serHces,V advised I>r* A, A. Potter, deari of engineering who is serving as consultant to the na-
tional defense agencies.
Dean Potter , amplified his statement by saying, “It is a patriotic duty for young,people to continue their education as a preparation for greatest usefulness to their country, Engirieefs, scieptistei economists, arid; Other people., ^th ;s|eciai-; ized i^owliid^ si®, uded^ to plan
mi biilA for Wiip,
m weB ■» ,*9r minsWal md wm. bh JM OoaiS
1
E. N. Kemlor of Tulsa, ()]da., apthoHty on fluid fiow, .has been a^ pointed riSsolHAte |>rofekior <k cfi^ii^ |rig|he^k; at lA® versity, it has been aririounced President jEj C. Elfiott. Dr., Kelmer, empiojred. for past five yeaia by the Grilf Oil Cdiv pOration, Will. deVote aBprOxiinatriiy half his time to machine design arid half to broader phases of mechd^
ical ^gineering.
Education, En^i^ The new appointee, who hriS velop^ formrdae on fluid flOW which are iriterriritionrilly recOk-■ nized, has had an extended car^r as both an educator and a practicrii erigineer. After c|btaining his BSM^ delude from the liriiyersity Of Kansas in 1927 he contturidd study as a graduate and received his MS degree from the University of Kttshui^h in i9kl, an degree from Eririsas m and It Ph.Dj from Pittshui^ ha 1984* i ^®^®^. yeaim 'iSi' ilapii- It Westinghoi^.''
•f ■:^
J
■i 1
- ^
' I J
' '' I'"
audierides for Bid splendid voice ^
. (Continued on page 7) board of directors are Robert W,
bonahue, editor of the Exponent iind Harry layson, president of the Student Senate. Ho^er ^gained his Jposition aS directpr hf t||id c^hljng^
Itoi^ M^il^i ^i- Is rictmtieS director of Ime Btrideid anairer: ALliCte-New-«- 'Union,, ' "
;. At^ofdiag^ fb. ,'firbdd, afi~^underdlassmen interested in the book exdhririgri rism kdtiidtir hhdriid kM ^ touch with one of the officials.
omm proj^ess."
beira PoW»r' spent five weeks in Wrilhittg’tdii this Summer appraik^ ing tixe needspf the arriw end navy for, e n gi ri e e r I wi^ splciaduied ,,Knd^ldd|ei, ■ and,;'he' hSfe, .'al|h, '.|cted Is a corilriitant ih thd Jinmcil, the United States office cf education, the army, the nakt;, rifid other government agencies in mat-
te^ peitiidriirit
engineering educatimi*
ke ^^^cc^^ a positieri asmstaiit’pressor of ms ■ erikifieerilrik M Itea tMveisi% HttsBurgh in 19|8, addition to Bis Uriivw^^ i Wto appointed witB I ■the Gulf. ^ yMOTment ” ' iri.il^ga'vo up ;< neetindv to accept an appohsBoaS
m
their*'
f'p'i , . 4 * i' iw I I
Okbu,,plaiilh’A ^ ^
^: ‘ PUBDOEt'je'jCP^NElMJ'y'fi
iSatnnla^, .Septembsr-7, ;i94d ' .'^:iji'|;-
Church Directory
Xompetition's The Keynote'-^- Dean Fisher
.y
Roger Williams Club (Baptist Student Foundation) Sunday, Sept. 8,1940 Class^9:30 a. m. Chui’ch worship—10:35 a. m. .. Fellowship hour—5:30 p. m. Discussion group—6:30 p. m. “Why Am I Alive” is the subject of this Sunday’s sermon by Rev. J. B, Gleason, pastor. The annual banquet for freshmen is planned for Friday evening, Sept. 13.
Newman Club All new Catholic students aire invited to the annual reception dance of the Newman Club, which will be held on Friday, Sept. 13, in St. 'Mary’s Hall at 12th uud South Sts. Masses will. be held ht the church on Sunday at 6:30, 8:00, and 9:30 a. m. Rev. Edward Holland, Student Pastor St. Mary’s Church.
Classof’44: You are eiifitlea to receive felicitations today, because of your courage in undertaking a four-year program of school work at a time when the future looks dark and uncertain. .Daylight always breaks after the darkness and he who is ready can move forward to success. Certainly the future will demand more ipf men than the past has required, more knowledge, more aleHness, more stamina, more character. , In no other place can these qualities of citizenship be better cultivated than in the college classroom, in association with fellow classmates, and in campus activities. Purdue University offers you the chance to develop your potentialities to the limit. There is no restraint other than the competition of your fellows. . Competition has brought your fellows to the fore in the home locality, and competition on this campus will bring to the front the best of the competitors. Here is your chance. Make the most of it. r salute, you and offer you such services as I can give. M. L. FISHEfe, Dean of Men.
To The Class Of 1944
The Wesley Foundation (Methodist Student Fellowship) Sxmday, Sept. 8,1940 9:30 a. m.—Church school. The co-eds will meet at the- Wesley Foundation house, 435 State street, across from the Union, with Mrs. Wm. McFadden as leader. The men’s student class will meet at the church, one block east of the bank, under the direction of the student pastor, Rev. Wm. McFadden. 10:40 a. ra.—Morning service of worship. Anthems will be rendered by the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir, Mrs. H. M. Anderson, ' director, and Mrs. F. J. Roberts, organist. The minister. Dr. Otto Scott Steele, will have for his sermon theme, “Christian Worship.” 5:16 p. m.—^University students will hike to Happy. Hollow. There will be a picnic supper, followed by campfire worship and discussion on “K I Were a Freshman” by Dorothy Holden, Jean Plummer, Hugh Wagner, Kenneth Broome, and Martha Miller,
Westminster Foundation I have been greeting freshmen entering Purdue since before you were born. This is the class with the greatest responsibility of any class yet. The world needs you more than it has needed any class that has gone before. If you were not here many of you Would be in camjp learning, your squads-right; You will doubtless be allowed to stay because it is thought that the training you will receive here will make you of greater worth to the nation than could a year spent shouldering arms. Perhaps this consciousness of patriotic responsibility is one reason you are going to be Purdue’s greatest class. Power to you. John W. Findley, Director Westminster Foundation
Chemical Society Convention Meets
At no time in the last decad^ has a freshman class been more welcome than the class of 1944. 'The speakers at this morning’s convocation should have made that apparent to you. There is little that we can add to their words of welcome other than our own hearty endorsement of the sentiment they have expressed. Today you are passing a milestone in your career. You are launching upon a four-year adventure in education which we believe will be one of the most interesting experiences in your life. It is to this experience that we extend an invitation. We are asking you to share with us the many opportunities which Purdue offers its soils and daughters.
In Detroit Sept. 9-13
The University will be well represented at the forthcoming meeting of the American Chemical Society to he held in Detroit, Mich., September 9-13. Twenty-four members of the staffs of the chemistry department and School of Chemical Ehgineering will present a total of 16 papers at the various divisions of the coxiference.
Episcopal Students The Episcopal Church welcomes all entering students, especially members and friends. St. John’s Church, our center in this neighborhood, is located at the corner of Sixth and Ferry streets, Lafayette. Services are held each Sunday at 8 a. m. and 10:46 a. m. Come tomorrow at 10:45 a. m. and enjoy an inspiring service! Reese F. Thornton, Rector and Student Pastor.
Those collaborating on the papers are: H. B. Hass, E. F. Degering, E. T. McBfee, Herschel Hunt, Rosemary Ince, L. E. Thomas, Z. D. Welch, Earl Pierson, J. A. Pianfetti, P, A. Tetrault, C. F. Feasley, B. H. Gwynn, P. D. Bartlett, R. F. Brown, R. H. Ewell, K. S- Warren, R. F. Newton, E. W. Nelson, V. J. Anhorn, L. M. Welch, E. M. Burdick, E, N- Shreve, D. R. Burtsfield, and H. R. Kraybill.
We are inviting you to share with us the extensive physical equipment and facilities with which the campus is so generously favored; we are inviting you also to share the rich traditions which we have grown to treasure. And in return we are asking you to give us the spark of ambition, the freshness of ideas, and the inspiration of ideals which each succeeding freshman class never fails to bring to the University. In addition you of the class of 1944 must by your very presence at Orientation this morning bring to us faith and confidence in the continuation of democratic ideals and the American way of life. We cannot help but think of the many universities in Europe which will not open their doors this fall to welcome freshmen or any other students. This then is our welcome; We are extending to you our hand in friendship with the sincere wish that you grasp it and reciprocate our feeling that we are about to enjoy many fine associations and opportunities together.
^ Entered M second class matter at the post oflSce in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the. special rate of postage provided for in smtion^lOS, act of October 8. 1917, authorised January 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year .and weekly during' the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. '
Editor-in-Chief. Bnsiness Manager...
.......K. W. Donahue ........Merle Hsgemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor.... J. H. McKee Managing Editor.— ^ ..D. K. Helple Associate Editors: W, E. Heaton, N. Ai Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. A TraiigCtt.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. d*ovirers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dan'gelniajerAccounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald.
Co-ed Staff Editor ...............JBeth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, RuUi Rose, Donna Siess.
Editor .„...
Sports Staff
. J. P, Dolan
Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. 6.
Swalm.
Phones:'Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, • 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Saturday, September 7, 1940
■'Ik;;
'iW
. S''!!; '
So if there’s going to be a dictator we figure we ought to get it.
■
Senator Pepper says it would be easy. Just make President Roosevelt dictator by an act of Congress and then when the emergency is over repeal the act.
He has forgotten that the last emergency lasted eight years, and isn’t over yet.
Besides in up-to-date dictatorships congfresses are out of style. ; '
Scrivener Will Appear
On Sale At Registrptipn
The S'**
Uncle Sam, the old horse-trader, has finally gotten rid of those fifty old destroyers we’ve been hearing so much about. After one look at them we figure Britain must be planning to put them into the undersea, service.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students The program for Presbyterian and Congregational students will be conducted this year in the new church and student center on North street near Grant in West Lafayette. On Sunday morning at 9:30 Dr. Graves, of the mathematics department, will speak to the freshmen as well as to any upperclassmen who may be present. Sunday evening at 7 p. m. an informal gathering of old and new students will be held in the assembly room on the first floor. There will be group singing, some informal talks, introductions and a general opportunity to get acquainted. , „, All are cordially welcomed. Robert S. Thopias.
Christian Foundation The Purdue Christian Foundation extends a special welcome to all new students with a Christian church preference. Come and participate in our Sunday program, and give us a chance to get acquainted with you. Just take a brisk Sunday morning walk, or take a bus going across the levee, get off at the Lafayette Theatre (6th St.), and walk North two blocks. There are three churches together; enter the church building located on the southeast comer of Sixth and North Sts. 9:30 a. m.—Student class, several short speeches to help orient you. This is your class; better come. 10:36 a. m.—Church service. Sermon by the minister, Doyle Mullen,
Fall edition of Scrivener, containing the prize-winning manuscripts of the thirteenth annual literary contest. Will appear at registration Monday morning. Sponsored by President E. C. Elliott,'the September Scrivener will be supplementary to the usual number of
Out of pure brotherly love they gave us air bases in Newfoundland and Bermuda. Like taking candy from a baby.
We see by the paper that Senator Pepper flgures we ought to make Presideiit Roosevelt dictator. We’re agin it. Not that we don’t like dictators, but ever since we were knee-high to a grasshopper we’ve been training for that president’s job.
In addition, if they get licked they have promised not to give up the navy. We get our fifty old boats back. Maybe.
And now they want to do away with it.
Hitler might not see it that way.—dkh
“Religion and the Experiences of Men.” '
5:00 a. m.—10 cent supper at the student pastor’s home, 126 S. Chauncey Ave., W. L., preceding a motorcade across the levee for the evening program. 6:30—Forum, consisting of a recreation period, a discussion period (of special interest to new students), and a mountain top worship service in candle light.
THE NEW
(AdTertlsement No. 1)
SPEED-O-PRINT
INDISPENSABLE FOR USE BY FRATERNITIES
SORORITIES
CLUBS
ORGANIZATIONS
OFFICES
SAVE TIME
SAVE MONEY
Automatic Feed
$32-50
TODAY'S GREATEST ROTARY STENCIL DUPLICATOR
Automatic Feed
$32-50
FULL SIZE .prints anything from a poetcard to legal sixe.
WORLD’S GREATEST VALUE!!
T“
SPEED'4)’'PrtlNT is the all purpose duplicator and is ready at a sec-
ond's notice to produce uniform, clear, and quick copies.
TEUEPHO^E 4085 ^ TORAYfOR*
HAYWOOD’S
FREE TRIAL
Established 1826
5th O Ferry Sis.
amtone (^le
Test Sanitone for Yourself!
Sanitonp Twice As Effective Sanitoning cleans Twice as Effectively as ordinary cleaning methods because — (1) It removes all of the soil taken out by the standard high grade solvents which we have been using and are continuing to use. (2) It adds to this solvent the ability to remove those types of soil which heretofore were NOT thoroughly removed. And also those types of stains which had to be hand spotted.
Superior Service
THE LUSTRE and ATTRACTIVENESS of APPEARANCE which distinguishes new fabrics, is effected by ordinary dry cleaning meth- ' ods. Sanitone preserved it by replacing the light finishing ^ materials in the cloth when it is Sanitoned.
No
for
Pick-up'M.OYe\
American Laundry ■IBM ruK..,.. ion . w
West Side Office—-132 Northwestern Ave.
:.TA
^^,1' / M: • J
italiliiM
■Ml
(0%
. /
f “"'' >ii/ -t- tl^ I- «(
i a
Saturday. September % 1940
PURPUE EXPONENT
'">«K
Pick Five Junior, Senior Residence Hall Advisors i ( This year’s undergraduate assistants at the Women’s Residence Halls include three senior and two junior women. Georgia Carroll, HE ’41, and Agnes McCullouch, HE ’42, will be in north hall, Lois Heiser, HE ’42, and Mary Ellen Scarff,
HE ’li2, in south hall, and Paula Zwierlein, HE '41, in west hall. These co-eds were selected for their high scholastic standing, their leadership, and general personality. Their duties will include acting as guides to visitors in the halls, counseling any of the women in the hall throughont the year, and Serving as general assistants to the heads of the halls.
Hamilton Announces Boilermaker History Marches On
Four New Additions ^ “
To Campus Buildings During Past 81 Years University Grows
From Barn To Over $16,525,000 Plant
WELCOME BACK STUDENTS
For the 36th year GERRY MOHLMAN is again ready to supply your jewelry and optical needs. An Up-To-Date Optical Department is always at your service. ’ Replacing of broken lenses a specialty. Any lense can be replaced without a prescription by testing a small piece of the old lense. One Day Service-—Any lense left before 10:00 in the morning can be had by 5:00 in the evening.
^ ) We have a fine Watch Repairing Department employing four registered watchmakers, GERRY MOHLMAN
434 Main Street Lafayette
308 State Street West Lafayette
Reports on future University University building improvements were released Wednesday by R. T. Hamilton, Consulting Superintendent of the Physical Plant. Included in these building projects are an Electrical Engineering Building addition, airport hanger addition. Agriculture Engineering Building addition, and two new wings on the
Horticulture Greenhouse.
The EE addition will consist of a high voltage laboratory. The laboratory is being built in memory of Thomas Duncan, founder of the Dunpiin Electrical Manufacturing Company, and its cost is estimated at $800,000. Walter Scholer is the architect and Karl H. Kettelhut is general contractor. Several smaller laboratories are also being con-
structed.
An engine testing laboratory is being built as an addition to the airport hanger. Scholer is the archiffect, and the laboratc^ is being built by WPA. The estimated cost
is $60,000.
The Agrriculture Engineering annex will include a farm machinery and gas engine laboratories, other
Purdue history first started to be made back in 1859 when a United States representative from Vermont introduced the Morrill bill, which bore his name, into the United States Congress. The bill was passed but was vetoed by President James Buchanan. Again in 1861 Morrill introduced the bill; it was passed; and it was signed by ^President Lincoln in 1862. The bill stipulated that money gained from the sale of western lands be turned oVer to states for ^the use o fstate universities. The universities in turn would have to oiler courses in the mechanical arts, agriculture, and military tactics.
experimental laboratories, shops, classrooms, and offices. Scholer is the architect and A. E. Kemmer is general contractor. Cost is estimated at $160,000. The horticulture greenhouse will have two new wings estimated to cosyb $20,000.
STUDENTS Welcome Back To Old Purdue Remember Woolworths Many Needs At Substantial Savings F. W. Woolworth Co. NORTH SBDE SQUARE
The preamble of the bill states that the money shall be dsed for the “education of the industrial classes.” Indiana wanted to get the use of some of the free government money; a suitable site was needed. Counties began bidding for the university. John Purdue, then a wealthy Tippecanoe farmer, offered the state $100,000 if the university would be placed in Tippecanoe county and would bear his name. The fight for location then centered around Battle Ground and Lafayette. Lafayette residents raised Purdue’s ante by $50,000 and the location of the university was decided. The first buildings completed on the campus were a residence and a bam. From this humble beginning the present over $16,626,000 establishment has arisen. The University’s first president was Richard Owen of Indiana University. He served one year, 1873. The following year Abraham Shortridge was named president. But Shortridge and the founder of the institution could not see eye to eye, in fact Purdue would ^ot sit in an faculty meetings while Shortridge was president. President White succeeded Shortridge in 1876. But troubles were by no means cleared by the change. The first Greek-lettered fraternity was established on the campus the year White took office. He required all students to sign a pledge that they would not join any Greek-lettered organizations while in the University. Those wfiio were in them had to swear they would no longer participate in fraternal functions. White resigned in, 1888 after the “fraternity case” had been carried to the State Supreme Court. A bill
FDESHMMI SAVE
HAYWOOD’S
in the state legislature carried a rider saying state universities would receive state support only if fraternities were allowed. White was succeeded by President Stone, brother of the Justice Stone, of the United States Supreme Court. Under President Stone the fust summer session was held. He remained in office until his death in 'the Canadian Rockies in 1921. He was succeeded by Vice-president Marshall, who acted as president for the ensuing year. In 1922 Dr. Edward Charles Elliott, then chancellor of the University of Montana, was appointed President. Since Dr. Elliott became president the University has grown rapidly both in number of students and in extent of the physical plant. During the summer of 1937 Uie campus underwent its most ^tensive building program, with 1,350,000 WPA dollars spent on the physical plant, plus the equivalent and more furnished by private bonds through the University. Building diuring the last three years has been involved with the completion of building plans started that summer, one of the greatest achievements being the finish of the $1,206,000 Hall of Music which was opened last spring. Building improvements and additions planned for the immediate future include an addition to the airport hanger made possible by a WPA grant of $48,000, an addition to the Electrical Engineering Building, an addition to the Agricultural Engineering Building, and two new wings to the Horticulture Greenhouse. Also prominent in the University’s recent history is the all-time high set in stnnmer session atten-r dance this past summer, enrollment reaching 1716.
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5th and Ferry Sts., next to Monort Station, Lafayette I ^ Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND DRAWING SUPPLIES K and E" Log-Log, Trig, Decitrig, Duplex, Vector and Polyphase Slide Rules, Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks FREE A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotrer With Your Drawing Set Purchase WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE-FOUOWING APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
H6IKEEIIS SAVE Vo
* 1
STUDY DESK LAMPS Heincible Neck In 3 Finishes
z i p p E R B R I E F CASES
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El 086 Keuffel & Esser "Pharos" 686 Keuffel 6r Esser "Minusa" 796 Post "Primo" 630
Post "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 890 U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006
HAYWOOD’S GUARANTEE "Our prices are the same h> every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inf^or or unapproved articles.”
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the University's APPROVED LIST.
Regular Price $1.25
Buy Drawing instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Dealers Onfy. NOTICE: This Store Is Open from 8 A. M. to 5 P.*M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
BOOKS
BUY HERE SAVE $5.00 ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND srr$PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, Septeuiber 7. 1940
ThetaSy Triangles Take 1940 Scholastic Honors Tau Beta Pi, Terry House, WRH South, Riley House First In Other Divisions Top scholastic honors among social organizations for the second semester of the 1939-’40 school year were taken by the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and the Triangle fraternity with
indices of 4.30 and 4.26, respectively.
The 5.28 index made by Tau Beta
Pi, national all-engfineering honorary, led all other honoraries. First and second places for the men’s residences halls and annexes were taken by Terry House and Cary Hall
Annex at 781 Russell.
WRH South captured the scholastic honors of the Women’s Residence Halls with a 4.06 index. The Riley house led the women’s co-op
houses with a 4.34 index.
Average standings of organizations and certain groups are: fraternity men, 3.91; non-fraternity men, 3.91; all men, 3.91; sorority women, 4.18; non-sorority women, 3.90; all women, 3.98; fraternity men and sorority women, 3.97; nonfraternity men and non-sorority women, 3.91; and all students, 3.93.
Sororities
Average Standings
Alpha Chi Omega
4.28
Alpha Xi Delta
4 08
Chi Omega
4 24
Delta Gamma
\4.14
Kappa Alpha Theta
1.30
Kappa Kappa Gamma
416
Phi Mu
4.00
Pi Beta Phi
4.14 '
Fraternities Acacia
4.11
Alpha Chi Rho
4.23
Alpha Gamma Rho
4.20
Alpha Kappa Lambda
3.65
Alpha Sigma Phi
3.85
Alpha Tau Omega
3.67
Beta Sigma Psi
4.18
Beta Theta Pi
3.80
Delta Chi
3.78
Delta Tau Delta
3 96
Delta Upsilon
3.68
Kappa Delta Rho
3.70
Kappa Sigma
3.98
Lambda Chi Alpha
3.99
Phi Delta Theta
4.04
Phi Gamma Delta
3.96
Phi Kappa
3.66
Phi Kappa Psi
3.74
Phi Kappa Sigma
3.93
Phi Kappa Tau
4.11
Pi Kappa Alpha
3.99
Pi Kappa Phi
4.14
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
3.90
Sigma Alpha Mu
3.96
Sigma Chi
4.06,
Sigma Nu
3 84
Sigma Phi Epsilon
3.94
Sigma Pi
3.70
Tau Epsilon Phi
3.83
Tau Kappa Epsilon
3.76
Theta Chi
3.98
Theta Tau
3.61
Theta Xi
3.54
Triangle
4-26
Cary Halls
Cary Hall—East
3.68
Cary Hall—North
3.68
Cary Hall—j'forthwest
3.74
Cary Hall—Soi^th
3.68
Cary Hall—West
3.73
Cary Hall Annex
777 Russell 3.38 Gary Hall Annex 781 Russell 3.81 Terry House 3.81 Women’s Residence Hulls WRH—North 4.03 WItH—South 4.06 WftH—West 4.01 Co-ops and Houses Bachelor’s Haven 3.39 Bastille 3.48 Bivouac 3.89 Chauncey 4.26 Circle~^Pines 4.08 Culture Hall , 4.23 Dover House 3.77 Halcyon 3,60. Kagawa 3.65 Luma House 4.04 Marwood 4.15 Purdue Only 4.03 Roachdale 4.43 Salisbury 4,10 State House 3.64 Stellar Hall 3.64 Uni-Tri-Versity ' 3.90 Wesley B. H. 3.79 Westminster 4.16 Ann Tweedale House 3.92 Brockway House 3.83 Coedda - 3.96 Collegiana 4.18 Daisy-Ann 3.79 Glenwood 4.25 Otter-Be-Inn 4.02 S. H. E. House 3.84 Thaeles 4.21 The Gable 4.11 Theophillus Thirteen 4.13 The Riley House 4.34 Twin Pines 3.86 White House 4.25 Honoraries Alpha Lambda Delta 4.94 Alpha Phi Omega 4.23 Alpha Zeta 4.85 Catalyst 4 44 Ceres 4 74
Saturday Might's Mixer Wiii Feature Louis Lowe Louie Lowe and his band will play from 9 to 12 o’clock for tonight’s mix6r in the south ballroom of the iJniop, Tlie usual mixer price of one dollar will be charged. The backdrop will involve a theme of “Back to Old Purdue’’ with a view of Heavilon Hall prominent in the decorations. Louie Lowe previously played at the Columbia Club in Indianapolis.
Joe Burkas of Saltago College holds the national record for speed shaving, 14 seco^s. Kappa Psi 4.14 Mortar Board 4.76 Omicron Nu 6.02 Phi Lambda Upsilon 4.98 Pi Tau Sigma 4.85 Scabbard and Blade 4.62 Sigma Delta Chi 4.36 Tau Beta Pi 5.28 Tau Kappa Alpha 4,23 Xi Sigma Pi 4.88
Dean Emeritus Skinner Presenis' A. H. Department With Book Coiiection Comprehensive collection of 130 books end 2,615 diifer^nt bulletins on animal husbandry and general agriculture has been presented to the University animal husbandry department by Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner. The books and bulletins, which comprise Dean Skinner’s personal library which he has been adding to for forty years, have been placed in the he)/d book room of the University library. Several of the publications are rare cdpies, since they were given to Dean Skinner b^ the authors. The collection is thought to be as complete as any in the cbpntry on the subject of animal husbandry.
Soil Chemist Writes For Fertiliier Annual Dr. George D. Scarseth, soil chemist at the University a^Ctiltural experiment station,'^ recently wrote one of the articles published in the 1940 Commercial Fertilizer Year Book. The article, entitled “Indiana Soils Need More Plant Nutrients,” explains that soil exploitation is similar to that of other natural deposits, and that commercial fertilizer must be used to maintain soil fertility. Throughout his discussion Dr. Scarseth cited several tests made on Indiana soils by the experiment station.
Chi Epsilon ^ Delta Rho Kappa^ Dolphin Eta Kappa Nu Iron Key Kappa Delta Pi
4.55 6.10 4.01 6.03 4.52 4.60
FRATERNTTIES and SORORITIES Now is the time to Repair Tin and Sheet Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of All Kinds JOHX BAliKOMA Tin Shop 104 Main St. Phone 5832
lOsdxjomsL Back To Old PURDUE and your “Friendly Dime Store”
S. S. KRESGE
Co-eds Cordial Greetings from the Staff of Lafayette'^s Cosmopolitan BEAUTY SALON To the returning girls we needn’t emphasize the many advantages offered at our ultra smart Beauty Salon, they know and of course they will convey their experiences to the many new comers, the freshman class. i Since you went away this summer we’ve made many additional improvements in our ^hop, have added several experienced operators to our staff, and have kept pace with the new hair coiffeurs. ^ Come in at any time, inspea the many improvements; all installed with this thought in mind ... to make it more pleasant for you.
BEAUTY SALON
Phone 7901 for Appointment
HEALTHFULLY COOUD LUMA TOMORROW-MON.
2 BIG FEATURES
HUNGRY NEART$...l>MHiig. wildly lo Iht «avao* rliylhni of (li« tem-tom...
MADELEINE CARROLL lli^^
A Paramount Pkhm wMi j TA Camafi • l«M Aiteiis Plus .. . 2nd Feature . . But It's Good ^ ^ To See Them Bock Again t
'4<i
IK®®
LAST TIMES TODAY LLOYD NOLAN in -^"PIER No. 13" ALSO
ROY ROGERS in 'CARSON CITY KID"4 ^
t " “f
r t
'' *'">,r'i’’
A
\
0 Saturday* September) 7. 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Housemothers Hear Visiting Lecturers At Training School Leaders in the counseling of University students and the management of student groups addressed th§^ second annual housemothers' training school held on the campus from June 17 to July 12. A group of 130 housemothers and house directors attended the school. Visiting lecturers included Dean Blanding, University of Kentucky; DeRn Hilton, Syracuse ,University; Mrs. McCam, Northwestern University, and Dr. Gilbert Wrenn, professor of
educational psychology at the Univeipsity pf Minnesota. The work for ^his summer was divided into ^ve projects, including problems of house maimjgeittent, work with groups, ^eTsohal counseling and the philosophy and okjectives of student housing. The housemothers lived in the Women’s Residence Hall, where they were given an opportunity to observe the principles ahd "^^raclaeal work involved in management of halls. Dean Dorothy Stratton served as director of the training schooL She was assisted by a staff including Professor Hdith Gamble, head oi the department of institution management! Naomi McGuirS, foods supervisor of the residence halls; and Helen B. ^chleman, director of the residence halls.
welcome Freshmen and Returning CO-EDS / As ever, we’re prepared to meet your school wardrobe requirements . . . with smart apparel, sportswear, and accessories . . . our ‘‘specialty shop” stocks change with the fast moving trend of fashions . . . always new ... at popular price.
Personnel Servicb Reports More Jobs For 1940 Graduates If you made a grand tour of the United States, you woujd find University graduates 1940 employed in nearly every state in the Union. As you might expect, there are great concentrations of these new alumni in such industrial centers as Gary dnd Chicago, Pittsburgh, Detroit, and Indianapolis. However, not all of the graduates are employed in industry. A number of them arU continuing their studies at the University and other institutions. Others are teaching school and a nhmber kave joined the Army Air Corps. According to figures compiled last June by the University Personnel Service, there was a marked in-
Fraternity Touches 'Freshiuan Bible' Glves Dialled Plilfe
OfWbatABoilefniakerKeiAToKiww
Last week at the Pi Kappa Alpha national coUventic^ in Chicnifo the Purdue chapter held a mortgage burning. The chapter, entirely free from debt, burned the mortgage in a large um at a special ceremeiiy which was supposed to serve as an inspiration to other chapters. For 'burning the mortgage the chapter
received a silver cup.
crease in employment percentages in 1940 over 1939. In the engineering schpol the figure rose from 57 per cent to 7d per cent, and tke figures including all other seniors changed from 55 per cent to 61 per cent. The greatest increase of all was in the graduate school where 87 per cent of those receiving deg;rees were employed as of last June.
GREETINGS . . . Glad to See the Old Students Back and ' To Welcome New Students Since we have served Purdue Students beginning in 1884, we have ample experience to enable us to give you what you want with the best o£ service. SbaddjLbi,
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Since 1884
“ihe University Handbook is designed to give a comprehensive picture of extra-curricular life at Purdue—^the regulations which govern students, the traditions thejr observe, the University offices that serve them, the activities they may enter, the organizations tor^ which they may belong, and the residence accommodations available to them.” Tkis quotation should be famiUar to all freshmen reading this, but to avoid confusion it originates in the University Handbook, more commonly known as the Freshman Bible. Last year the title was changed from the former “Freshman Hand-^ book” to the present “University Handbook,” and more information was added so that it would be of service to the student body in general instead of the lowest class alone. The funds for the handbook are furnished by the University and the actual work of writing and assembling the material is done by the various campus organizations under the supervision of the Student Senate. Of particular interest to the incoming masses is the orientation schedule printed in the front part of the book. The history of the Uni-
versity, its government, ead the teadftioiis that have grows up fit the 67 years of its existeiiee are covered in detafl. University regulatioiu, saeb as those governing the use e£ automobiles by students, are important tjf the new students for the help fbe^ give in avoiding the pitfalls whielt might otherwise be encountered. A list of the important staff members that the conscientious stmfent should come to recognize and to know is included in the handbook. For women students there is a special section with a foreword by Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women. Advice on sorority pledging, dress on the campus, the regulations of the Women's Self Governing Association, and co-ed aethiiiea are all induded. Pictures of all j^temity and sorority houses and residence haUs are published. The section on athletics contains detailed information on intramural sports and regulations governing the eligibility for Big Ten competition. Of importance to the freshman is knowledge of the school songs and yells which are printed in full.
Welcome Freshman B & W SHOE CO. 121 No. Fourth St
NEW LOCATION
J-alL Opening^
1000 APPROVED DRAWING BOARDS Regular Price $1.25 SPECIAL PRICE 85/ ^yisw ojnjdL IAasucL (Dhaivivu^ SnAi/uwmdA. w- #
Post U. S. Blue Deitzgen K. E.
20% DISCOUNT
All Other College Supplies at Lowest Prices—Try Us First
PURDUE 5-10-25-L^ Store
lew Address 304 State Street
Next to Bartlett Drug StorePURDOE EXPONENT
':R'v'p5V
^tiirdcQr« 7^^
vM
?'{' ‘ *
So’
'S.
s
BOO'. sby:;:
f ^ r.Vj? ' 'feSOOi.. ■'
An Open Letter to Freshmen Dear Freshmen: "The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities,” in a short by-line, refers to the location of a building on the southeast corner of the campusto its pl^ce in the day to day activities of the average student,. However, the Union, the Purdue Memorial Union, is much more than a building., It is an idea, something intangible, an organization to which every student belongs as soon as he matriculates. Its active history before the building began is longer than the history of the present brick and stone. Thousands of alumni and students generously contributed some $600,000 that this present generation might use and expand its facilities. No state appropriation of tax money has or will be spent on construction, operation, or maintenance. The Union has for sale many services and facilities thought most necessary for students. Food in the large Cafeteria, Chestnut Room, Sweet Shop, and Grill is good, clean, and wholesome, and is at reasonable prices. Play on Billiard tables, bowling alleys, admission to the Union Saturday night dances, sleeping rooms, telegrams, long distance telephone tolls, barber service, or merchandise must be paid for with the actual cash. Nevertheless, a large part of the Union’s space and ef f orts are devoted to facilities for activities that are without any financial cost to the user. And it is such facilities that the Union is most anxious to advertise and sell. Become familiar with the Union as soon as you can. Ask at either of the two desks for information. Learn to use the Browsing Room on the first floor, the Music Roomnn the second floor, rehearsal pianos, and the Game Room on the ground floor for chess, checkers, and cards. Become interested in the extracurricular work of the Student Union Board which manages the activities within the building and the many other activities which have offices and facilities within the building, such as the Purdue Independent Association, Women’s Self-Governing Association, the Debris, Engineerj Agriculturist, and Y.W.C.A. Participate in the splendid amateur dramatics of Playshop or join the Camera Glub and use its dark room in the sub-basement, or find others to join with you in following your own hobby. Use the Union to make new friends and keep old ones. Make a habit of just walking through the Union once a day, and don’t ever feel embarrassed within its walls. Frequent the Lounges, Telephone yom local friends from the Union without charge, "Fll meet you at theUnion” smart. So, for a happy, successful college career, use all of these free facilities. Please remember always, that no matter how frequently advertisements in these pages ask for your patronage in the Barber Shop, Cafeteria, Billiard Room, Grill, Sweet Shop, Union Club rooms. Chestnut Room, or Bowling Alleys, that the Union is just as anxious that you read in its Browsing Room, play music recordings in the Music Room and use its free facilities! without ever spending a dime.
INSPECT THE UNION TODAY AND TOMORROW AND WATCH THE NEWS AND EDITORIAL COLUMNS OF "THE PURDUE EXPONENT” FOR IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS. THE PURDUE* MEMORIAl UNION The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities
I
M'l
4>'<1 '
Ui. / IsiiU wt <j! -• }t 4*?)' ^ , > * ' ) " “'k V
<! i '’ '; i} ^ ^ }4 if" '' •''I!" ■;
? l. '’^j'" ./J . AP- r '* Jf IjS ‘ ^ ^ "
/ Sdtuirday» Septooiber 7m 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
( /
WELCOME / FRESHMEN You have chosen the tops in Universities, and it is no more than right you also choose, on the same high level, the Men’s Store with a complete line of I up to the minute merchandise. Your answer is . . . GEISLER’S Wc invite your inspection to these nlany nationally advertised lines... featured in our store: CLOTHING Hart Schaffner & Marx Kuppenheimer / Clipper Craft Varsity-Town
SHIRTS Enro Jayson
HATS Dobbs Lee
HOSIERY Interwoven Allen-A
UNDERWEAR Allen-A
SHOES 1 Nunn-Bush
B. V. D.
Edgerton
SWEATERS Catalina Rugby
RAINCOATS Alligator Arrow
PAJAMAS Jayson B. V. D.
NECKWEAR GLOVES COLLARS Beau Brummell Hanson Arrow
Deans Welcome Cla$s Of '44
Home Economit^ Freshmen: It is with pleasure that I welcome the largest freshman class in Home Economics we have ever had enroll in Purdlie University. May you find here the type of college preparation you desire and the kind of college life which to' you seems most interesting. i Before the year is over I hope that I may know each of you, not as a name in a file, but individually. Come in to see me this week or any time during the year. I am glad that you have chosen ^o come to Purdue University, and I hope you will be very happy here. Mary L. Matthews, Dean of the School of Home Economics. Engineering Freshmen: Congress is appropriating billions of dollars to organize and equip our country for national defense so that this nation is properly prepared to meet any emergency which may develop. To an extraordinary degree our military defense program as well as our ability to meet industrial conditions depends upon people who are competent as engineers and scientists. Our military defense program needs thousands of highly trained engineers who have ability to design and to speed up production of aeroplanes, tanks, ships, machine tools, electrical devices, explosives and other equipment and materials needed in modem (warfare. We must have engineers and scientists to develop new materials, better processes, new industries, more economical methods of manufacture and new frontiers for inr dustrial progress to meet world’s industrial competition. Purdue University, through instruction in agriculture, education, engineering, home economics, pharmacy and science trains people who possess the technical and scientific knowledge so essential for military and industrial defense as well as for happy living in a civilized environment. Students, as a patriotic duty to our country, should take every opportunity offered by the University so that they will be most competent to deal with the difficult problems which will be confronting our nation. A. A. Potter, Dean of the Schools of Engineering. Pharmacy Freshmen: It is always a pleasure to welcome beginning students to Purdue University. The change from high school to university is abrupt, and the beginning student finds himself in a strange environment among strangers. For this reason the staff
of the School of Pharmacy makes a special effort to assist beginning students to become oriented in university work. The office doors of "'every professor and instructor are open to beginning students and we will welcome you with any and all problems that may confront you. We cannot promise to solve dll of them but will gladly give you advice from our experience in college work. During the first semester one or two weeks is given to the disbussion pf college problems, professional training requirements and opportunities of the profession, campus traditions, and other matters that may be helpful in starting college work. The next four years should* be for you, the happiest, and, we hope> the most profitable four years of your life. We hope that we can contribute a great deal toward this end. Very truly yours, C.^ B. Jordan, Dean of the School of Pharmacy. Co-eds Taking Special Curriculum Will Meet With Advisors Today Co-eds who ^ook the special course offered in the School of Science last year are having a tea this afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union for the faculty associated with this option and the new students who are enrolled this year. Miss Ruth Bovee, who is in charge of this course, and the last year girls have spent a busy week getting ready for and welcoming the new girls. This will be the second year for the option. It is open to co-eds only and they are chosen by examinations, special recommendations and personal interviews. Thirty co-eds were enrolled last year and 40 this year. Among them %re Beth Ludberg and Caroline Work, two of the 60 outstanding students from five states selected by the Chicago Tribune, and Marjorie and Madgel Bradshaw of Zionsville. Pour won "class numerals in varied sports of WAA, and one will be a member of WAA council for this year. The campus beauty contest claimed eight of them, six of them W'etre di^lSnguisheji students the first semester an^made Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s honorary.
STUDENT SPECIALS
$9.49
up
$J.OO
49“
$1.00
Jb UD
APPROVED LE.S.
STUDY LAMPS with ^idb ACE-SCOUT STAPLER ''Guaranteed Stapling Satisfaction"
BLOTTER PAD Complete with Blotter
ESTERBROOE Fountain Pens The Pen with the Re-New Point METAL BOOK-ENDS, per pair CANVAS LAUNDRY CASES .
up
20c $1.69
STUDENT RING BOOKS $0.00 Metal Hinge Back with Filler and 4bl up Index — Name Stamped Free (Others 25c up)
Student Desks - Athletic Supplies Sports Weca - Costume Jewelry - Perfumed Gifts -^-'Greeting Cctrds - Stationery
•HLadS 518*20 Main Street ‘ Phone 5036 “FOUNTAIN PEN HEADQUARimS”
Agrieoltare FreahiBeit: On behalf o£ the faculty of Hia School of Agriculture, I extend a hearty welcome to you freshmen io agriculture. Your education will enable you to live more fuBy and intelligently and to prepare yonnatf for a place in the largest and most important industry in tins country.The fellows in the School of Agriculture are friendly and want you to succeed.. If you have problems that disturb yon, call at the office. Associate Dean Freeman, 1&. Pfendler, and Prof. Mills vise you, and be helpful. You are undertaking a difficult job but it is worth while, and you can do it if you will pitch hay every
day. Good luck!
H. J. Reed, Dean and Director, School of Agriculttue.
10 CONVOS LISTED ON YEAR’S SCHEDULE (Continued from page 1) pleasing interpretations of familiar songs. Both the Indianapolis and Chicago Symphony Orchestras are scheduled for appearances, the former on November 19 and the latter on February 4. Both of these organizations have played for enthusiastic audiences here before. At the concert of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra last year the. Memorial Gym was filled to capacity and many students were turned away. The Ballet Russe do Monte Carlo is another feature that returns this year because of popular demand. Its program is scheduled for December 10. On January 9 the last program of the first semester will be given. It is a piano recital by Josef and Rosina Lhevlnne, duo-pianists. The program for the second semester starts with the program of the Chicago Symphony Onffi^tra on February 4. On February 11 Stuart Chase, noted economist and author, will lecture on “Where Do We Go From Here?’’ The remainder of the spring program includes Eve Curie, the daughter of Marie and Pierre Curie who discovered radium, in a lecture titled **Women and Science” on March 18; Marian An.derson, noted contralto songstress, on April 10; and WUliain Lyon Phelps on April 24 in the final lecture of the yebr. Phelps, who has been on the staff of Yale University for many years, will speak on “The Romance of Science, and the Tftruth of Fiction,”
Notices
No notices zoceired after S p. nu Resmer Clobi Meeting at S p. m. dajr, September 9, in room SOT Ot Uie Union. —BOHUN-
Sophomore Union Woriieia: Report in south ballroom Monday, S^Eitember 1^. at 9 a. m. —BRAMirr.
Gimlet Club: Very important meetiiig^ room 803 Union. Monday. September 9, at 8 p. m. • —TAYUiB.
Gold Peppors: Short, but important meetins, Mondtur, S^t. 9. at 7 :S0 p. m. in ro(»n 215 of the Union. —CA3BUR014-, PIA Board: Mfeetinsr at 7:1S p. bl, Manday, September 9, in PIA office. Very hnportant. —ARCHJBAEJH
Scriveners: Get in touch vcith me at once, phone 2673. It I’m not there, leave your number. —AliBXANBKB.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and addinc machines, new and used, for sale, tent and r^Mdted. AR makes of portable typewriters. 889.75 to 869.50. Office supplies. Mimeocrapli and multigraph woric. C. P. Bbenboff. 605 Main St. nwne 8779. —^
FOR RENT Per Rent: Sinple room with aarage. 1509 Ravinia R(^, West L^asetta. Plumft 81811. Two sinsla KoasMii first floor: wo othwt roomers. Vatr desin^ Rsasonabtev 419 M^eSt. Phone 3iS6^ Par Bant: Purnished modem boota wiG: refrigexatiQa. Inauire 814 W. Gohinhia. Boom and Board: OoMfortiybfe dmblo lemoa with sinsW hods, ilff K. <lmn^ Per Bai^: Two room lomMied Ash Block firooi eanapua. Garaca. fWI 888!^ Per Bmt: Two luca dotMe rooew and oiw alnatei. Pwaishsd: Mar oaMsm* 898 N.^hcawt.
WAMTBD' Waateit 8 bora to Awa ftigiihi* wlffb aaokhm trirweffw* taeiwaSti.,PPpy PitP ■ ■:
Si.
/r--'
rp.
PP' ’P"
"'-Ppfpppp-'-
I,
pPp ..'-:A:'-\ .'"s *1t
WELC@I!IIE CLASS OF '44 and^ Hearty Greeting to All Our Old Friends!
I
\^
\
T
j.
IS
fully preparecl to serve
Freshman "Pot" to your cap and Qown.
on
courses
LYLE C.RIDGLEY -MANAGER
^^Pwhdae V
308-10 STATE STREET WE ST LA FAYET TE IND.
9?
ik
tt'ii i'r ■H i.- ^ ^'
y<l
If
Pi