'/r’j'^.^’^j.'-'^ '^’=\,■&="•’„ '■tty,
,■■' Jt , -;„ ;,- r' " ■"
SThe PuriJut 'Sxpantnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLvni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1936
NUMBER 31
PURDUE IN SPOTUGHT TODAY
Father Gillis Talks Here Tomorrow
New York Priest, Editor Will Deliver Convocation Address In Eliza Fowler Hall
“Why Be Moral” will be the subject of Father James Martin Gillis of New York City, nationally known author, priest, and radio speaker, when he adresses the initial monthly religious convocation tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, The occasion will also offer students and faculty members an opportunity to hear the University Choir, recently increased to 125 voices, under the direction of A. P. Stewart. The religious convjocations are schedvded once each month, with prominent national religious leaders appearing on the program. The convocations are under the direction of a special committee, chairmanned by Prof. Laurence Hadley, of the mathematics department. Father Gillis is one of the best known clergymen of his creed in the United States, according to Professor Hadley. Besides being the author of six well known books, writing syndiqated articles for the Catholic press, and following an extensive lecture program, the minister has been editor of The Catholic World since 1922. In order to seat the large choir, special arrangements have been made in Eliza Fowler Hall. Music Director Stewart will lead for the University Choir to featm-e two religious anthems, both sung a capella.
Col. T. L. Sherboiirne To Address Officers
Speaking on the “Mechanized ■Cavalry” Col. T. L. Sherburne will address the Reserve Officers of the Lafayette area at 7:30 o’clock Tuesday , night in the Lafayette postoffice!
Under The Mii^ror
Book notes from the Browsing Room
THE STORY OF GARDENING by Richardson Wright These gorgeous October days make one want to be out of doors but there are coming days when the fireside and a book will beckon. The browsing room has new books on its shelves but there are also those that have been read for many years as well as those whose flavor we are^ just beginning to appreciate and enjoy. The beauty of today and its invitation to enjoy the open brings to mind a volume by Richardson Wright which he calls The Story of Gardening. This is a book that will live for a long time. It is as interesting as a novel or book of travel for any reader and there is a wealth of information in it for one who deals with plant life either as a vocation or avocation. Students of pharmacy, horticulture, forestry or agriculture will ■ find in it a new background and an added inspiration for their work and a new meaning for some of the most commonplace of details. The author is editor of House & Garden, a lecturer of note, and a writer whose books are widely read and enjoyed.
EXPONENT STAFF
Compulsory meeting of. all members of the editorial staff Saturday afternoon, October 24 at 1 o'clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Short, but very important. —MORRIS.
Convo Speaker
JAMES M. Q/L L IS, C.S.P.
Ebershoff For Mixer Tonight
Ken Ebershoff and his Gold and Black Aces will furnish the music for the regular mixer tonight in the Union ballroom featuring Sal Palma, vocalist, Jackie Ruben and his trumpet, and Rus Mock, pianist and arranger.
WAA Sponsoring Halloween Party
Folk dances and games will make up the entertainment at a Hallowe’en party for all WAA members Wednesday evening from 7:16 to 8:30 o’clock in the women’s gymnasium. Prizes will be given for the most original, funniest, and the prettiest costumes. Fitting refreshments will be served. Regina Kelly is in charge, Georgia Halstead is responsible for dec-oi-ations, and Dora May Patterson is taking care of the refi;eshments.
Bill Hogan Engaged For Military Ball
Committee Obtains Service Of Californians;
Tickets Go On Sale This Morning
Bill Hogan and his CalifomianSj nationally known dance band, have been signed by the Military Ball Committee to play for the annual gala affair on November 6, according to Cadet Colonel J. M. Baker, chairman of the committtee. The Californians first gained popularity on the West coast while playing at the Coconut Grove in Holljrwood. They recently finished an engagement at the Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago. Hogan will bring an organization of 13 members to the University campus for the ball.
Tickets On Sale Now Tickets for the dance will go on sale this morning to members of the cadet corps. Members of the committee will canvas all advanced courses during the next few days, and basic students may obtain their coupons at the adjutant’s office in the Armory. ■After next Wednesday, tickets may be procured at the Military Ball table in the lobby of the Union.
High School Students Tour Campus, Buildings
One hundred and twenty LaPorte county high school students, under the direction of Prof. W. F. Graham and Prof. G. M. Frier of the Agricultural Extension Department, inspected points of interest on the university campus yesterday afternoon. They visited the airport, the greenhouses, stadium, shops. Union, library, armory, livestock building, and the radio station. Pictures of the group were taken in front of Fowler Hall before the group climbed into four busses for their home trip.
Morris^ Hulse And Hatfield Crowned By Gold Diggers
The girls have chosen, and Hugh Morris is their man, the “most eligible bachelor” on the campus. From a strong fiey of dashing Romeos the lovable Hugh snatched the coveted loving cup, significant of feminine adoration, at the Gold Diggers’ dance last night. Russ Hulse took second place, winning the title of “God’s Gift to Women” and a coronet of artificial gardenias. Pat Hatfield was chosen as “Lochinvar”, but failed to show up to claim his prize—ja red satin ribbon with his title printed across it. In accepting the loving cup, a tin measuring cup, Morris said, “.All I am and all I ever hope to be I owe to W. S; G. A.,” the while looking fondly at his fair escort. Husle was more tactful. In receiving his prize, he invited the ladies to call him anytime at 2352, while Ted Nering and his orchestra played “Ain’t She Sweet”. Incidently, Pat may be reached at the same number. Phew! Decorations for the dance included a backdrop of a golden fish with money, cigarettes, and whiskey bottles issuing from his mouth. Personal decorations were a corsage of cigarettes adorning Stallings’ head, and numerous floral hejid-dresses for several prominent males. Johny Phillips permeated the atmosphere with his decoration of onions and garlic, clustered around a carrot.
Theta Tau
Theta Tau announces the pledging of W. K. Milne, Hammond, and
S. N.' Prater, Marion.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, October 26, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A fxill attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Presidential Poll Ends Today Roosevelt Gains On Landon
Straw Ballots Must Be Submitted This Evening By 6»
President Roosevelt is gaining on Governor Landon in the Exponent Presidential Straw Vote, but the Kansan still leads his Opponent by more than 100 votes. All ballots must be turned in by 6 p. m. today. They may be placed in the Exponent box at the Union desk or brought to the Exponent office, 312 North' Fifth street. Final .results will be published in detail in next Tuesday’s paper. In the school of agriculture the President maintained his lead, taking 76 out of a total of 124 votes. In the science school Landon is leading 59 to 28. The engineering schools give .the Kansan 195 to Roosevelt’s 97. The home economics co-eds prefer Landon to the tune of 43 to 18. ■' Minor Parties Weak The minor parties have shown little strength in the poll to date. Browder, the communist, has received 3 votes, while socialist Norman Thomas has been given the nod by 6 pei^sons. Lemke and Colvin, Union and Prohibition party candidates, have one vote each. Landon, Republican, has a total of 333 i;o bis credit, while President Roosevelt has received 242 votes.
$urbtte exponent Presidential Straw Vote
Vote for One Candidate By Marking “X” After His Name
Earl Browder (Communist) □ D. Leigh Colvin (Prohibitjlon) □ Alfred M. Landon (Republican) □ William Lemke (Union) □ Frunklin D. Roosevelt (Democrat) □ Norman Thomas (Socialist) □ - □
Name. School.
Class ; Student, Instructor, Other (Strike Out Two)
(The ballot must be filled out completely in order to be counted in the poll. Deposit ballots in Campus mail boxes or in the Exponent box in the Union before 6 p. m., Saturday, Oct. 24, 1936.)
The sophomores, submitting 171 ballots, are leading the other classes. The juniors have turned in 144, the seniors 184, and the hreshmen, 119. Next Tuesday’s Exponent will
carry a complete record of the voting, with results listed by schools and classes. Only those ballots completely filled out and turned in before 6 o’clock tonight will be counted.
Boilermakers Battle Gophers At Minnesota
Snow^ Cold Weather Forecast For Game Between Undefeated Elevens
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POSITION MINNESOTA Powell .; LE Jleed Schreyer LT Widseth Burmeister LG Weld Bell C Svendsen Graves RG Twedell Woltman RT Midler Zachary RE King Cody Isbell QB Wilkinson Medley LH Uram Drake RH Alphonse Cecil Isbell FB Spadaccini By Bill Fifield With the Big Ten championship in mind, a determined Boilermaker machine driven by Captain George Bell will invade the University of Minnesota Memorial Stadium this afternoon to match power and deception with the strong Gopher team. Reports of additional snow and cold weather received here last night may prove a decided
handicap to the Purdue squad as the players have had no opportunity to accustom themselves to the radical change in temperature. Vergane and Stalcup are expected to appear in the game but probably will not start. Honors Even Purdue is the only Conference team which has held the Gophers on even terms since Bernie Bierman
This afternoon at 2 o’clock, the Purdue-Minnesota football game will be broadcast over WCCO, of Minneapolis, and the NBC network. The original station for the NBC blue network is KSTP, of Minneapolis. The Columbia network will pick up the second half.
took over the coaching duties. The Boilermakers won in 1932 by 7-0, tied them 7-7 in 1933, and the Minneapolis squad won, 29 to 7, in 1935. Both teams seem to have a pair of touchdown twins. For the Gophers it is Andy Uram and Rudiy Gmitro, who earned their title while playing in high school, while Cecil Isbell and Johnny Drake will again be the spearheads of the versatile Boilermaker attack.*
Injuries From tackle to tackle, Coach Kizer is basing his hopes on the same quintet that has played together since the beginning of the season. Powell will fill one end position, but Vergane’s place is a problem. Spehn was slated for the position as it was thought that his injury would leave him, but it has not responded favorably to treatment. Zachary and Dick Stephenson are the other two choices, the former probably getting the assignment.
DIRECTORY PROOF
Copies of the galley proof for the list of students in the University Directory may be inspected at the Reference Desk in the Library, at the Office of ■ the Dean of Men or in University Hall, south entrance. Students are requested to verify the correctness of their names, addresses and telephone numbers and report errors in person or in writing at the Registrar’s Office before Saturday. DO NOT TELEPHONE. DO NOT MAKE CORRECTIONS ON THE PROOF. Copies of proof of the lists^ of ^mpus telephones and of the members of the staff will be sent to the various departments. Members of the staff are requested to verify the entries which concern them and report errors and corrections in writing to the Registrar’s Office, before noon, Saturday, October 24th. —STONE,
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon, Saturday, October 31st. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the sclmol and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 31 if properly approved by the departments concerned and by the Dean of Men. —M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Watson To Supervise Model House Erectiou
Frank Watson, director of the Purdue Housing Research project, will supei’vise the erection of a six room, one story house, in Indianapolis next Monday, ^ Watson is cooperating with Indianapolis people in planning and erecting a small house to take the place of homes torn down in a slum clearance project there. Governor McNutt will take part in the erection ceremonies. The walls will be made of jjalywood and put in place within a few hours. The house will be insulated and ready to occupy within a few days, the material costing slightly more than $700.
ludiauapolis Aluuiui Hear Pres. Elliott
University teachers in Indianapolis for the Indiana Teacher’s .Association meeting held a joint luncheon with the Alumni association Thursday in Hotel Severin. President Elliott, the principal speaker, talked on “Educational Problems Of Purdue.” '^Dutch’* Fehring, assistant fotball coach, and E. B. Baugh, executive alumni secretary, also spoke before ttte gathering.
Clowus, Spooks ABx At WRH HaUoweeu Par^
Clowns and spooks vrill intermingle at the annual Women’s Residence Hall Hallowe’en party to h» held there Thursday, Following a buffet supper, typical Hallowe’ett games will complete the evening^ program.
Generally Fair
By Tmpy mivaom% WaKdMT Utmm
■, s, J, tx'X-.stigr /
tt I.
V r.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. Octobei* 24, m
Frosh Hygiene Lectures For two years or longer a definite movement has been underway to tell freshmen the “facts of life.” At present these facts are considered proper only for the ears of seniors. Some have referred to this as “locking the barn door after the horse has been stolen.” About a year ago definite assurance was given that such a lecture series for frosh would be given during the year of 1936-1936. Something happened; the lectures were never presented, and nothing further has been heard. Does the University mistakenly believe that the “facts of life” are too startling for the freshmen? Or does the University find it impossible to secure an auditorium and speakers? Or does the University simply need a little prodding on the subject ? Just prior to the close of school in June, 1935, an official announcement stated definitely that a series of hygiene lectures would be given to the members of the class of ’39. In September of that year it was announced that a faculty committee was to meet and decide upon the details of the lectures. Did that committee meet ? Did false modesty, apathy, or laziness halt the program? Will the University assume its proper responsibilities this year and inaugurate hygiene lecture for freshmen?
Red Herring
President Roosevelt is honest in his repudiation of support by communists and socialists. He doesn’t want those votes, but he is going to get them just the same, especially if Earl Browder’s pleas carry any weight. In a radio address last night, Browder came out strongly against Landop, who he claims is backed by W. R. “Buy American” Hearst. The President recently accused the Republican party of starting a red scare, of throwing a “red herring” into the campaign. Tha Republicans possibly may have based their statments on the fact that the communist party is favoring Roosevelt over Landon, but now it seems that Roosevelt would be only to glad to have the communists support the Kansas governor instead. Then along' came Browder last night, contributing a fascist scare to the merriment. He thinks that it is not at all impossible that the Republicans, if defeated, would take steps to inaugurate fascism in the United States. This is absurd, just as it is absurd that the President is taking orders from Russia. However, it adds spice to the campaign by tossing scares of both communism and fascism into the fight. Upon thinking things over, the conclusion is eventually reached that, while the United States might at some future time split up politically as Spain, France, and possibly England have done, that time IS not yet here. It is also probable that neither of the present major parties will ever be a .vehicle for either fascists or communists.
Readers’ Opinioias The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
About Cheers To the Editor: No doubt Chicago was duly impressed by our foot* ball team. And it can hardly be denied that their band was far outclassed by ours. However, they may pride themselves in one respect, they had cheerleaders—and for Burnell’s benefit, definition: Cheerleader—one who leads cheers (Webster). The boys from Chicago knew they were supposed to make the stands encourage their team; our cheerleaders were too intent on watching the game to bother themselves with such trivialities. ^urhue exponent Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Pbsociofed GoUediote Pi^ess Distributors of Golle6iQteDi6e$t Member of National Collesre Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY Nationai Advertising Service, Inc. Cotttge Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los Angeles - Portland . Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carries, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5038 Editorial Phone 5037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOKIAL STAFF Editor-in-Cfaief .... W. T. Hunt Managing Editor E. H. Morris Associate Editors ... . K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor.. .. L. D. Wood Associate Sports Bklitors W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager. R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager D. C. Miller Cinmlation Manacer~ -J. P, Girard " WOMEN’S STAFF Bditor - -Helen Creech Advertising Manager ... Betty Barnett Associate Editors ... ■ .Jeanne Janousek, Dona McCartney, BUaabetb Fyke Issue Editw—'L. S. Hardin
Purdue boasts of four stirring, noisy yells (Huzzah), but the cheerleaders feel that they have done their duty when they have given this repertoire, and then in spite of the pleas of the spectators, they ignore the stands. And speaking of our cheers, what has happened to the “Old Purdue Series”? Every year at Homecoming game pep session D. C. Hayne ’12 cheerleader, comes all the way from Kansas City, Missouri, to teach the new students and remind the old of the cheer that made Purdue famous in the old days ? Have Rah-Rah yells suddenly become declasse, or can’t the cherleaders snap out of their lethargy long enough to lead such a yell ?—D. H. C.
Election Forum To the Editor: With the time for election drawing near interest in politics is rising to a high level. There are many students on the campus who are very definitely de cided as to who they think the president for the next four years should be. The Landon and Roosevelt but tons are proudly sported by many students on the campus, while many more are showing an interest in the election as indicated by the Exponent poll. In spite of these students, however, I think that there are not enough who are taking a downright interest in the political question; too many students are inclined to take the political affairs of our country too lightly. There are students on the campus who have no political choice whatsoever, and who care even less as to what is taking place on the political front, even though they are eligible to vote. The very basis of our democratic form of government depends upon each individual doing his share in the election of our public officials. The blame for any political graft and corruption can be placed, in part at least, to an apathetic attitude, on the part of too many people, regarding elections. In order to arouse interest and enthusiasm in the coming campaign and in order to acquaint the students with the policies of the various parties in the coming election, the Purdue Student Forum will present a political forum next Thursday evening in the faculty lounge of the Union. The three major parties wiiy?e represented, thus an impartial, unbiased discussion will be presented and still the various viewpoints can be discussed. Prof. “Charley” Murphy will represent the Democrats; Mr. Joseph Andrews, local representative to the state legislature, will present the Republican views; and Dr. Risk, local dentist, will present the Socialists’ side of the political question. The forum should be a very interesting one and should provide an evening of excellent discussion on the coming election. Every student should be interested enough to attend and take part in the discussion.—K. R. Brown.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
A True Fable
Once upon a time there was, at Per-deW College, an honorary organization known as Omicron Omicron Omicron, established for students majoring in the design of single-cylinder steam engines with a bore of less than three inches. These Omicron Omicron Omicron members were referred to as the “Small Bores” by all and sundry. Came time one fall to let a few more suckers into the Small Bore organization. The actives gathered round to discuss this most important matter. Decided upon were thirten men: three were sons of millionaires; two were sons of professors; one had a high average; and seven were members of the Boo Boo Beta fraternity, to which most of the Small Bore actives belonged. Came time for initiation. From ‘'each sucker were demanded the insignificant sums of twenty dollars for national initiation fee, twelve dollars for national dues, seventeen dollars for local initiation fee, nine dollars for local dues, three dollars for an imitation parchment signifying that Pete Zilch belongs to Omicron Omicron Omicron, and nineteen dollars for a genuine gold plated and pearl studded key. Twelve of the pledges kicked through on the spot and the man with the high average signed a note. The actives sighed with relief at the conclusion of Small Bore activities for the year and went out for a short beer. Eventually they graduated, as all Small Bore men do. Came another year, another pledging, and another initiation just like those mentioned above. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. MORAL: The honorary racket is a legal racket hard to beat.
We do not love people so much for the good they do us as for the good we do them.—Leo Tolstoy.
Alexander Wollcott sums up the situation very neatly for many of us. He says: “Everything I really like to do is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.”
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.—^Anatole France.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honorailes and reduce hon' orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student Union Election System. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
Oh! what fun we had last night ???... BOB MUELLER rode home from Thurs. night’s PEP session on the running board of one of the many contrivances of locomotion that are parked at the Sig House—^as this car passed a street on the way back a couple of innocent WRH kiddies sitting behind a very dignified Junior exclaimed “Oh, isn’t he darling” —I have thought of BOB as cute but when it comes to darling ? ? .
The bee has finally gotten PHILLIP ‘Tough Guy’ DECKER—PHIL is that way about MARGE MOORE Jeff High co-ed—cupid has been a long time trying to catch up with PHIL—even the best of men can fall . . . ROMA HARLAN, clerk at the Union desk is out of love at the present time, for she has split with the last year’s romance, EARL HERITAGE—now that EARL is out of the way brother RALPH is seen quite frequently at the desk —^it is open season boys; there are no strings attached to our ROMA now . . . Theta pledge JEAN WHITNEY is now not only a Theta pledge but some unsuspecting Beta pledge decided that the Betas didn’t have enough pledges, so he proceeded to place his three-star shield on this very charming young enchantress we wonder whether the pledge could have been under the influence of a siren?like charm? ? ? . . . Chi O SMITH would liked to have put onions in the corsage that she sent to AMSLER but she was afraid that he might eat them and such would spoil her big hour (the 12 to 1 hour) . . . who were da tre gals from the Co-op House who gallivanted around Sunday night with HULL and BURTON of 1 University street in their open air jelopy—^from what your editor hears there must have been lots and lots of fun ???... MARS CONTEST H., G. and J. win this week’s MARS double-pass—H, G, and J may get their pass at the UNION desk after 12 noon today—start sending in doit for next week’s column. . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“These detective stories are all the bunk—^they always catch ^ the murderer in the end.”
GOLD DIGGERS To the Thetas goes the iron-clad boxing gloves for having the best way of calling for their lady friends accompamed by sirens bellowing from the cars of the Indiana state Police . . . Kappas used a hay wagon pulled by a couple of dapple grays . . . the best corsage goes to DAVE WILLIAMS and HOWARD DOSTAL—^their said geraniums turned out to be in the form of fish —even ANN thinks that DAVE is a fish—wonder what SAL SCHAFF thinks of DOSTAL?? . . . does it correspond to the feelings of DAUGHERTY . . . CARY VAUGHN’S paper cursanfummmmmms which BILL WANTLAND had to tote weren’t half bad . . . JOHNNY PHILLIPS carted an onion and a (Continued on pag^)
"Why analyit lov«;
Sfiarts TOMORROW
Final Today STUART ERWIN “ALL AMERICAN CHUMP" and “ISLE OP FURY”
Read The Exponent for College News
MARION DAVIEI CAIN AND< With ALLEN JENKINS • ROSCOE RARNS -Plw- STARTS
Cartoon in Color
COMEDY
TOMORROW
isl Marion an Clark-—Bunounded by the madcap mirth and merry melody that mark Warner Bros, as the master makers of musical masterpieces I lUIRKOABlA j^ABEL" . li4£IISi
J lyi ■f.-r ^ i ^ 4 Saturday, bctofeei!' 2^ 1»S6
V*' 1*
THIS PURDUE EXPONENT
■ielder’s.... ....choice ■>By Bob Walprfe Purdue’s big test today ... we sincerely believe that they have the stuflf to take the “Go” out of the Gophers ... judging from the large and enthusiastic crowd that saw the team off on their northern jaunt Thursday night, a lot more people have faith in the Boilermakers . . . now to wait . . and hope for the best. .. —^fc— Although the spotlight of interest will be focused on Minneapolis ^ for the Purdue-Minnesota classic today, there are a few other games on the books ... again we predict.. —^fc— Northwestern at Illinois . . . N. U. by two or more touchdowns . .. the Wildcats are plenty tough, and undefeated this season, and the 11lini aren’t . . . not even a possible chance of an upset . . . —fc— ’ Ohio State at home With Indiana ,. . a tie ... both teams were licked last week by Northwestern and by Nebraska respectively . . . would be nice, however, to see the Buckeyes toss Indiana, but, Purdue will do it later on this season . . . _fc— , Columbia at Michigan ... Columbia by a touchdown ... a number of the Wolverines were injured last Saturday, and Michigan was none too strong before . . . ' —^fc— Chicago, Iowa and Wisconsin are idle today . . . the Badger and the Hawkeye coaches will be on hand for the Purdue game today ... both of their teams meet the Gophers later this season . . .
BOXERS DRILL DAILY IN GYM Boxing practice, under the direction of Coach Maxwell, is now>eing held in the Memorial Gymnasium every evening after 4 p. m. Those interested are asked to report there Monday. About 20 candidates |iave turned out, half of whom are veterans of last year’s team. Elimination bouts will start the first part of December. These fights will lead to the Golden Gloves tournaments, the University Carnival, and the inter-battery meet.
Last Times Today OnourSlage The Most Fa^oucM of All Colored Rotum The 1937 Edition of the Original “SHUFFLE ALONG” with Miller (ar Mantan Cotton Club Comedians
Jesse Cryor Shoe Shine Boy o Evelyn Keyes Female Bill Robinson o Eddie Cole and His Orchestim o with Jean Calloway and many others — Plus — ON THR SCREEN JOAN BENNETT CARY GRANT in 'WEDDING PRESENT'
— PRICES — tfatipev |$o - 28e • 80c NIrht ..Itc - 3Ac - 40o SUwe Show* at 8:8* - fiioe - 7*80 . 0:68
All America Ratinss By CHRISTY WALSH Member All-America Board of Football
Leadership, that priceless factor of success so important before and after football days, is the keynote of news from many gridirons, for the current week. Games in all sections of the country produced players with spark, jnagnetism, the influence and the leadership necessary to overcome apparent deadlock and spur their teammates to that extra effort in the crisis. All members of a team cannot be leaders, and some of the players cited this week for All America Rating performed the assignments given them merely as cogs in a machine. Cards of Merit are awarded to the following group composed of followers as well as leaders: SCHEYER—Washington State Tackle. Against a team favored to win, this large and powerful player, was a standout on a wet held, which turned the contest into a battle of sheer defense George T. Davis, Los Angeles Herald-Express recommends Scheyer for All-America rating and iiosts his name for consideration by the Board when It meets in December
BASRAK—Duquesne. Center. Some observers are- now rating this player with Gomec Jones, Adam Walsh and other sup-er-centers of by-gone years. Harry Keck, Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph, wires that Basrak deserves a Card of Merit because Duquesne beat Pitt on its smashing line play and Basrak, center and captain, was the fighting inspiration.
KELLEY. Yale End. Another captain endowed with genuine leadership. Rated All America by A1 Clark, Hamsburgh Telegraph, because his speed and ball-fol-lowing tactics made the break which gave Yale its victory Clark reports: “On covering the punt to Navy player, which was fumbled, Kelley took down Navy’s end and half before he recovered the kicked fumble." Kelley’s personal play is reflected in the spirit of the present Yale squad.
FiRANdS. Nebrasjka. Fullbhlck. Nebraska nominates this favorite son for AllAmerica and cites the amazing moral effect of Sam Francis, Cornhusker fullback, whose presence in the lineup literally turned defeat into victory over Indiana. Nine points behind at half-time, his teammates welcomed this crippled fullback to the lineup and the final score was the reward of confidence.
GEYER. Northwestern Halfback His locomotive assaults through the line, sapped the strength of Ohio State’s hard battling forwards. Geyer was a potent factor m tlje Wildcats close victory and besides scoring a touchdown he provided the extra point that won a close game
ELVERSON. Penn. Quarterback. And praiseworthy indeed are the heroic stands in the shadow of the goal-iwsts, laudable and inspiring are the gruelling, unflinching efforts of a team on defense—but it takes touchdowns to win football games and when Elversen, took a twisting punt and raced 69 yards to cross the Princeton goal line, and win the game—^he fulfilled the highest hope in football
DICKENS. Tennessee. Halfback. Frank Thomas, rival coach, secures a Card of Merit for this triple-threat performer be-
New IMAIN Sunday - Monday - Tuesday Wednesday
Big Double Feature "The Green Pastures" PLUS SECOND FEATURE 'The House With a Thousand Candles" with Phillip Holmes and Mae Clarke
SUNDAY - MONDAY
SHE DAZZLED GAY PARSE ...The gel with “IT” Galore!
Ray King, a rangy junior letterman from Duluth, Minnesota, is one of the reasons for Minnesota’s strong end play during the past two sesaons. As a sophomore, in 1936, King’s consistently strong plaj^ won him the starting assignment throughout the season. And against Washington this fall, he was on the receiving end of the winning touchdown pass. He is a sure pass receiver, a capable punter, and a good offensive player. He stands six feet, two inches tall and weighs 196 pounds.
BATTERIES SWIM OFF TIE TUESDAY
The swimming teams of batteries P-2, D-1, C-2 and B-1, which tied for second place in the interbattery swimming meet Thursday, will swim off the tie at 4:15 o’clock Tuesday afternoon. Silver medals will be awarded to members of the winning team. All events of the first meet will be held again. Inter-battery softball will also get underway soon. Tryouts for the battery teams are being held at present during the freshman drill hours. Gold medals and citations will be awarded to 12 ihembers of the winning team, and silver medals to the runner-up team members.
cause he was the bright star in holding the favored Alabama team, to a scoreless tie. Thomas comments “Dickens was the one man that kept Alabama in hot water all through the game, with his running and punting, keeping Tennessee in the game to the final whistle."
OSMANSKI. Holy Cross A Temple scout reports as follows to Coach Warner: “With 196 pounds earned compactly in a 6 foot 10 inch frame, Osmanski combines vicious plunging with speed enough to make him dangerous off-tackle and around the ends. His defensive work leaves no room for criticism and his kieking-off is very good ” Osmanski definitely rates All America.
GUCKEYSON. Maryland. Halfback. Vince Flaherty, Washington Herald, fiirst to publicly sponsor Rill Shepherd and Tuffy Leemans, says “Guidceyson is the best ail around back in college football. None can compare to him as a kicker. He is a real AH America ball carrier, passes, blocks and plays great defensive football.”
BRYAN. Tulane. Halfback. He was easily the most valuable player on either squad at the Polo Grounds, Saturday afternoon. Bryan more than made good for the press agent who preceded him to New ork and if not the best seen in the east this year, Bryan is the best all around back the south has sent north in several seasons.
casnaSBiMMi
Rndy Gmitrov Minnesota right halfbaefc, weighs just ever 160 pounds and has enough drive to play fullback. However, the presence of plenty of big, rugged fullbacks on the squad has given Coach Bemie Bierman the opportunity to use him at halfback. Last year his average yardage was 15.87, the largest on the Minnesota squad. He is a junior from Minneapolis.
I. U. Seeks Second Big Ten Victory Today Indiana football players go after their second Big Ten victory of the season when they invade the Ohio State camp this afternoon. Although Indiana is tied for first place and the Buckeyes are at the bottom of the standing, Ohio State is favored to win the tussle. Coach Bo MicMilIin was pleased with the confidence the Crimson team showed in handling the ball during the past week and expects the team to put up a real fight.
J. C. Bailey, ’33, Accepts CBS Announcing Job John C. Bailey, ’33, former program manager of WBAA, University broadcasting station, has gone to York City to take a place on the announcing staff of the Columbia Broadcasting company. He has been a member of the WLW radio staff at Cincinnati, 0., since his graduation from the University.
SOPHOMORE TENNIS Today, 2 oclock M. C. Magnussen vs. E. H. Duval. H. W. Lownie vs. E. M. Craft, t R. B. Meihaus vs. P. W. Winter. R. W. Oyler vs. E. Lown.
Scribe Goes Behind The Scenes To Get Story On Amplifying System
By Dorothea Justin What was the system that made Dr. Wiggam’s address so well amplified over the auditorium? Possibly many of his listeners were too absorbed in what he was saying to notice the two microphones in
NOTICE Fraternities and Sororities Why not have your next party in our ballroom? We have just remodeled and redecorated our entire school.
Phone 2150
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
ARC
SUNDAY
MONDAY
WM. 6ARGAN CLARE DODO ^‘NAVy’'bORN” and pay WRAY RALPH BELLAMY "ROAMING LADY”
Laift Times Today HOOT GIBSON “Spirit of the West” PRANCES FARMER in “BORDER FLIGHT” SERIAL - CARTOON
front of him. These represented the external part of the efficient system which carried his well modulated voice clearly over the room. Back stage Were protected wires leading outdoors to the northwest end of the gymniuiiuin. The wixes were connected to large but delicate instruments in a light-gray box on wheels—^the operator’s booth. Celotex Lined with lightweight though well insulating celotex, the room remains warm in zero weather, holding the heat of the electric heater. J. Chester Van Camp, University electrical engineer, sat at the controls, regulating the volume of the speaker’s voice. Glady he offered information about the set-up. Black encased instruments with controlling dials covered the front of the metal cabinet; blue tubes (mercury vapor rectifier tubes) glowed; indicator needles wavered, and the operator saf ih the electricly lighted booth adjusting each dial. ^ Microphones Three microphones can be mixed at one time with the machine; eight, by plugging in and out, can be included in, one program. Exceptionally sensitive -carbon microphones are still used. - Mr. Van Camp tuned in the noise of the crowd for a few seconds. A low roar of soyind from the booth loud speaker indicated the commotion among the arriving audience. Bought thr,ee years ago by the combination of Union and convoca'!' tion funds, and presidential ingenuity, the portable system is one of the best. Used in football games, convocations, pep sessions, and conventions concerning the University, the amplifying system is consider^ extremely successful.
TOUCHBALL GAMES Mimday Fidd 1— ^Phi Kai^a Tan vs. iPriangle. Official, Beck. 2— ^Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa. OfBdal, Boyer. 3— Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Chi. Official, Hamilton. 4— Sigma Nu vs. ’Theta Tan. Official, Mangas. 5— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Official, BarUing. 6— Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Official, Gaulke. 7— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official, Latter. 8— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. Official, Kerher.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Today, 1 o^clodc K. Blessing vs. Mullett or Daley. P. T. Cooper vs. N. Olsen. F. Breiner vs. T. Fuener. Alexander vs. Shirley. Wilmeth vs. Nicklas. Woodson vs. Kuebler. Berg vs. Fuente or Meyer. Chapline vs. Scott or Ulrich. J. P. McGrath vs. B. Kaufman.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today, 2 oclock Cooper vs. Hebbler or Gardner. Puente vs. Blessing. Winter vs. Pontius or Plapp. Meyer vs. Frye or Chapline.
San Jose State College is now sending out lifetime athletic passes to graduates who as students proved their high quality in the field of sports.
Hamers Race Indian^oday] Rannm Start At Sta^ dinm At 11 O’eWk \
This morning at 11 o^elock, thi Purdne cross-country team will rml against the Indiana harriers on the University’s three-mile course. Th^ start and Hnish of the race will be at the stadiom. Indiana has an exceptionally strong team consisting; of Lash, Olympic runner, SmiHiI Deckard, Applegate, Robbins and Trutt. Trutt and Robbins are sophi omores. Bodeau, of Purdue’s team, is expected to give the Indiana stars a great deal of competition. Goory, Knapp, Long, Marosick, Bell, and Luther will also mn for the^Gold and Black. Bodeau will be handicapped by a pulled tendon whiem he received at practice Wednesday!'
Wolverines HH lions At Ann Arbor Tciday Michigan will go after its first win of the season in Ann Arbor today against the Columbia Uoi Coach Kipke has been pointing this game and expt^cts a revise:] team to bring the lions under con4 trol.
LnobdaOu^pha ^ Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity ani nounces the pledging of C. L. GrentI ban, of Lafayette.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPUmENT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichtyj
‘T'anks for de lift—ain't it a coincidence, but I useta have de."* same number as yer license.” ^
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
MainSt., Lafayette
V
A poor job of dry cleaning is not (Jieap at any price. . . . You buy good dotb^ * . S
and the cleaning of them is a big f aaor in keeping them good. . . . We guarantee our work and solicit your patronage.
PHONE aOS5
Americm Laundry
if ''1
i3^ * i ■9:^ %*• V- p ^ V. - fS-l| >« > Vi ^ vf ^ -CfVtj f/ ^ P -^f ^->51 r V. .
Four
T HE PUR HUE E X P 0 N E N T
SaftBrdi»y. dctobef 24, 1936
The Risk Dental Oink
DR. eAUL A. RISK DR. HAROU) J. risk DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LtrraER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
St^
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor ^07 Main St.
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, niiftt latches and padlocks. Anto keys knd handit locks a spe* cialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son
209-11 North Fifth Street
Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a . COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
BOSSUNG
Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
MRS. ARLINE
Gifted Reader and Advisor Advice on All Affairs of Life
Special Reading 25c
Located One Half Block East of State on Brown Street Levee. West Lafayette
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
Private Lessons By Appointment
Waltz, Fox Trot and Latest Ballroom Dances
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Be Sure of Heat This Winter
SPERB.... Hardware Phone 2777 822 Main
FOR Over 50 Years The Leading Drug Store for University People
•^be price is always low'' 306 State Phone 4451
It has bten said that "the proper place for an antique is in the home," and that "a car, like a dollar bill, should be retired from circulation before it is down to the last shred.” That many owners of automobiles are falling to heed such sound advice is shown by the great number of'motor vehicles that are found to be in poor mechanical condition wben they are subjected to tests'Figures on the inspection of automobiles as gathered by the Travelers Insurance Company indicate that three out of every four cars examined are in poor or even bad mechanical condition. Such inspec-
tions show that 29 per cent of the cars require brake replacements or adjustments; that tires are in fair or poor condition on 66 per cent of the cars, and that car lamps require replacement or adjustments in 63 per cent of the vehicles. Testing the mechanical condition of cars seems to he necessary because of the apparent unwillingness of owners to keep their cars in safe operating condition. In an emergency, the good condition of brakes, tires, and other safety appliances may he the only difference between a serious and a minor accident. Better too much vigilance than a lifetime of regret. .
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS-—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Edw. J. Freeberg, Piano Tuner. Phones—36101, 4787.
For Sale—Small Atwater Kent radio, $5.00. Schaff Bros, upright piano, mahogany case and bench, $18.00. Phone 7964.
For Rent—Room for two boys at 128 Wiggins St. Phone 7471.
Single Room—-122 Pierce Street.
NOTICES
No noUcM acceptMl after $ p. m.
Basic Students—Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant's office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFORD.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 25 at 8 :30 a. m. —PITTMAN.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Playshop Lights Crew—Important meeting Monday, Oct. 26 at 4 in Playshop Office. —WILLEY.
Reamer Club—Important meeting Tuesday, Oct. 27 at 7 :30 p. m. in rooms I and 2 of the Memorial Union building. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
Scrivener Club—There will be a meeting at 4 p. m. October 24 in ropm .F of the Memorial Union Building. Bring manuscripts. —VERBER.
NOTICE t Senior Debris lectures—-Group may be selected on following dates: 73301 - 73408, October 26 73409 - 73520, October 27 73521 - 73632, October 28 73633 - 73736, October 29 73737 - 73866, October 30 Office opened betw^n 8 and 6 p. m. .each day. -:-DWIGHT.
Workshop—My committee will m^t in Workshop Monday, October 26. SHEETS.
P. I. A. Board—^Meeting October 26 at 7. —WIEN.
Hockey—^Monday junior class hockey team plays senior class team at 4 p. m. Tiies^ay the sophomore brown class team plays' the freshmen blue class team at 4 p. m. —THOMPSON.
W. A. A.—Camperaft leaders going to cabin will leave women’s gymnasium at 1:80 p, mu October 24. Those who have camp tools such as knives and axes please bring them. Also bring ZO cents for sup-
-HALSTEAD;
GUdeV'Club—Work session October 24 at 1 p. m. at the garage. —O’NEAL.
SopefcoBiote Debate Managers—Meeting October 26 at 4 p. m. in room 1 of the Un-
-SMALL.
Reamer Club—^Important meeting October 27 at 7:80 p. m, in roooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Buildinff. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
B AND B
garlic combination which were for sale at 10 cents . . . WARD STALLINGS will not have to buy cigarettes for a couple of weeks ... KLOPPY and a couple other goon childs had inferior cigaret placques . . . Kappas RITCHEY and STEWART pulled the best dinner stunt of the eye when they sent TRIPLE chop steaks and a box lunch to JACK BECK and DICK WELLBROCK, respectively, instead of showing up for their dates at six thirty as the date called for . . .
Don’t forget to drop in at the BLAZER this afternoon to hear the game ...
Ye editor wishes to thank? ? ? ? ? the Ring Ching Ching pi fies for the lily and the flowerless stems these plasrful little chilens gave me upon last eve . . .1 do so appreciate the sentiment ?????...
4-H Club Meets Tonight
Bill Kappes and Marjorie Skinner will have charge of the program and the recreation at a meeting of the Tippecanoe county senior 4-H club in the tower rom of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:45 o’clock.
Clothes cleaned and refinished by Crown are more than jmt ^*cleaned*\ ♦ ♦ ♦ they will give you lots of per^ sonaUty***Haveyour clothes CrownCleaned regularly
FI N E C L E A N E R S OF FI N E C L O T H E S
By OUVE ScHATZLEY
Baptist Students: Roger Williams Club will be taught by Prof. F. Cummings, of the University English Department. The regular church services at 10:35 with Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason In the pulpit. Sophomore class will have charge of the social hour tomorrow evening. At 6:10 lunch will be served. The leader for discussion will be Wendell Bond. Next Friday evening the Roger Williams Club will be host for a party for all Baptist students in the church basement. A new arrangement called the Freshmen Commission has been formulated, whereby all freshmen Baptist students will be contacted about important dates and social gatherings.
Christian Students: First Christian Church, Sixth and North streets, Lafayette. A full program has been scheduled for tomorrow. At 9:30 Verne Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, will leqd the student class. At 10:35 Rev. J. Newton Jessup will give as his sermon, “Such As I Have.” Rev. Jessup will retire soon, after spending 50 years in the ministry and 17 here in this church. Student social hour and supper will be at 5:30, followed by student Christian Endeavor, led by Richard Brand. At 7:30 the sermon,will be “The Castaway.”
Methodist Students: The Methodist program for Sunday will start at 8 a. m. with a Wesley Foundation Council breakfast at the Foundation House. The Men’s Sunday School Class will meet at the church with Rev. McFadden speaking on “Christianity And Our Economic Problems.” The Co-ed Class will meet at the Foundation House; June Denny and Helen Howard are the leaders on the topic “What Girls Can Do For Peace.” Rev. Steele will have regular morning worship at the church. The Wesley Chorus will practice at the Foundation House at 4 o’clock and the fellowship hour and supper will be at 5.
This is the one time when it is most important that your clothes should be scrupulously correct in detail. Half measures or improper attire are “tabooed.”
YOU WILL FIND NO COMPROMISING WITH EI'THER STYLE OR QUALITY IN THE FORMALS Offered by THIS SHOP.
FULL DRESS TUXEDO
(r?ady-to-wear) (ready-to-wear) $24p50 $19.50 $29.50 $24.50
(and more) (and more) , Either Midnight Blue or Ebony Black
124 N. Sixth St. Opposite Mars
Dr. Graves will talk at Epwprth League on “Christ And Politics” at 6:30. The graduate forum will be held at the Foundation House at 6:30 with Reverend McFadden giving a talk on “My Trip Through Russia.”
Presbyterian Students: Central Presbyterian Church, Seventh and Columbia streets, Lafayette, Student discussion groups will be led by Dr. Graves and Mr. Findley at 9:30. Morning worship at 10:45. The Sunday Evening Club will meet at Black Rock on the Wabash River. Cars will leave Westminister House, 129 Sheetz street at 3 p. m.
Episcopal: St., John’s Church, Sixth, and Ferry streets, Lafayette. Corporate Communion for student communicants at 8 a. m. Following service, complimentary breakfast will be served to all who attend in the Parish House. Harvest Home Festival at the morning service, 10:46. There will be a musical program at the Young People’s Fellowship meeting, chief attraction bmhg William Keenan, saxaphonist. Supper Will be served at 6 p. m.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we dp it well Wallace Block 322 iPerry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7tli
Phone 6050
The tUnkinz felloyr calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per paesenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Don’t make eating a guessing game . . . guessing where to go for that good meal. Know where to find good food that is cooked just right by cooks who know how to satisfy every appetite-teasing flavor to every dish. Eat in the Union Cafeteria where two fast-moving lines won*t waste your valuable moments.
Doumstairs in the
Corner of the Campus—Center of Activity