r
A
^ f
/ ■ _ „ Next Saturday's Formal Prom Will Feature Bardo
$1.65 Tickets May Be Purchased At Sweet Shop Door Starting Monday
]3oth balli'ooms of the Union will be the~ scene of a gala Summer Prom next Saturday, June 19, when Maestro Bill Bardo and his orchestra will entertain summer formalattired dancers. Tickets at $1.65 may be purchased outside .the door of the Sweet Shop Starting next
Monday at 4 p. m. The sale will continue throughout the week. Since co-cd hours for the prom are as yet unannounced, starting time for dancing will be published in a late issue of the Exponent. Bardo’s band is a variety show in
itself, since his idea is to compound all the elements of entertainment into one balanced organization. As master of ceremonies, he features Sally Shanne, soloist; Col. Marvin “Ace’' Hamby, comedian; “Piffeles” Jaeger and the “WPA Boys”. Bill Bardo organized his present orchestra two years ago under the guidance of Ted Lewis and the late Ralph Hitz. He has just returned from abroad where he has spent
two two years directing his own band in continental cafes. Many Musical Talents Born in a small town in uppet New York State, Bardo is the son of a musician who supervised his musical education. 'He learned to play not only the violin, his favorite instrument, butj also the tnlmpet, trombone and piano. Spends Two Years In Hollywood After winning a scholarship to the Institute of Musical Art in New
York City, where he studied under Leopold Auer and Dr. Walter Damposch at Columbia University where he was given a B. A. degree in music. Upon graduation he joined George Olson's band appearing in the musical comedies “Sdnny and Whoopee”, and toured the country playing in various hotels and theatres, as well as spending two years in Hollywood making motion pictures with George Olsen.
Bardo is a third generation fiddler. His grandfather was court violinist to the Emperor Franz Josef of Austria, and his father was champion square-dancer fiddler of New York State. Band Features Versatility Every man in the company is a singer and showman as well as an instrumentalist, hence versatility is the outstanding feature of Bardo’s band. Whether the demand be for “sweet” tunes, “hot” tunes, waltzes,
rhumbas, congas or semi-classical selections, Bill can play them alL Best Dressed In Business Even the costumes of the tatteidans reflect the mood of the moment. Bordo’s band carries with ft at all times five complete changes for all the members—Eton jackei^ in three colors, tuxedos and summer tux. Bill himself adds tails to this wardrobe, and is considered one of the best dressed men in the hafid business.
Playshop Names
Cast For New
Play
Established 1889
Why Lonely?
Volume 56, No. 20
Purdue Universaity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, June 12, 1943
Saizedo Ense
Members Have Variety Of Strange Collections Consisting of.two harpists, a cellist and a flutist ,the Saizedo Concert Ensemble will present a program designed for varied musical tastes at, a regularly scheduled convocation to be held tonight, at 7:30 p. m^ in the l\|usic Hall. Students will be admitted on presentation of their passport, while tickets will be available to the general public at $1.10 per person. Doors will open at
7 p. m. The quartet of musicians who will appear tonight have a variety of hobbies with which they occupy themselves. The major hobbies of Carlos Saizedo, harp virtuoso, pianist, and founder of the ensemble, are ai-chi-tecture and interior decoration. His New York apartment and his country home in Camde'n, Maine, museums of contemporary decorating art, show the cooperation of the French decorator, Jules Bouy. Saizedo is also a skilled amateur photographer, with a gift for both unusual candid shots and for studio portraits. Marjorie Call Saizedo, wife of Carlos Saizedo and the second harpist of the ensemble, is an alumnus of DePauw University and of Curtis Institute. Her chief outside interests ar emedicine and sciene, and is likely to be found at odd hours with her head buried in a volume by Alexis Carrel or Paul de Krulf. She is also a talented painter. Cellist Has Unusual Collections James Scholz, cellist loi the ensemble, is a collector of rare books, old prints, and sketches, and has a Valuable collection of old Dutch prints and Italian master drawings from the fifteenth to the eighteen centuries, including Rembrandts. His collection of original stage designs includes sketches for the original sets of “The Marriage of Figaro”, “Don Giovanni”, “Titus” and Beethoven’s “Coriolanus”. Of a less highbrow character is Scholz’s cooking hobby. He makes inimitable goulash as well as stuffed peppers and elaborate thiity-six-egg cakes. Rene Le Roy’s chief hobby is col-
ay Tonight At 7:30
4'H Club to ‘Round-Up’ Monday Theta Alpha Will Present 4 Health Skits At Meeting
E. B. Whitman Guest Speaker At CE Banquet Ezra B. Whitman, of Baltimoi’e, Md., president of the American Society of Civil Engineers, a consult-
SALZEDO ENSEMBLE s will present a musical convo tonight in the Music Hall at 7:30.
The twenty-flfth annual 4-H Club Round-Up will be held at the University next Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday under the supervision of the Division of Boys’ and Girls’ Clubs of the Department of Agricultural Extension. Over 1,200 leaders and delegates from all parts of the state are expected to take part in the round-up. Registration will take place Monday in the Union Building —— —— with G. M. Frier in charge. A short talk will be given by Earl The theme of the Round-Up f fof ^g Economics 1 A TT. ^ former 4-H member and Will be Repledgmg My ^-H S leader. First sketch of the play, to the Service of My Country “For My Club, My Community, and On This Twenty-Fifth Annivei'sary My Country,” will feature the first of the 4-H Round-Up.” convocation of the Round-up in the Dramatics Honorary Present Play Music Hall at 2 p. m. Monday. AlA play in four episodes, “For My bert P. Stewart, Director of Music, Club, My Community and My will be in charge of singing and
Country”, written by Carolyn Wood music,
and presented by members of Theta Entertainment Unlimited Alpha Phi, dramatics honorary, will Sandy McPherson, who sings, define the meaning of the club s plays and dances in Scotch costume,
four initials which stand for Head, Health, Hand and Heart. Each episode will be presented at a different convocation of the Round-Up in the Music Hall and will be followed by the placing of an “H” in one section of a clover-leaf, symbol of the 4-H
organization.
First Play To Be Given Monday
Iccting rare flutes, and in his collection are such rare items as a flute of
ivory and wood made expressly for guile in D
Fredei ick the Gicat; and an all-ciy-stal specimen dating back to 1825. He plays ping pong and is an expcit
at bridge. His most strenuous hobby l-j Joyeusc is mountain climing. In the summer ciaiie do luiie he conducts master classes at the gpinmng-whecl
American branch of the Fountainbleau School of Music in Newport. Arioso
Allcgi o spilltuoso . Hungai lan Rhapsody
PROGRAM
I.
Adagio-Allegro-Musctte-Allegro-Musett-Marche
(for flute, cello and two harps)
II.
Handel
ing engineer who has held many
will be among a group of entei’tain- public offices in Maryland, will aders brought from Camp Atterbury dress a dinner meeting of the Purby Lieut. Colonel Vincent John Con- due Student Chapter and the Indirad for the Monday evening convo- ana Section of the American Sociecation. Lt. Anne Hatfield State re- ty of Civil Engineers, the banquet cruiting officer of the WAAC’s will will be held at 8 p. in., June 12,* in sing, and Sgt. Snyder, clerk in the the East Faculty Lounge of the Un-
state WAAC office will give a piano ion.
number. Johnny Youh will speak on Mr. Whitman, former chairman “Youth of China Today.” The sec- of the Maryland State Highway ond sketch of the play will be given. Commission has been Chief EngiOn Tuesday and Wednesday ^^^d President of the Water
mornings the girls
Sykes To Take Leading Male Role In 'Man Who Came To Dinner' With the fl:^st rehearsal Saturday afternoon at 2, Playghop’s production of “The Man Who Came To Dinner” will get undter way. This presentation is scheduled for July 22 through July 24, and will be the second production of the summer semester. This play has a rather large cast of about 24 actors. The protagonist is Sheridan Whiteside, the famous author who ^ came to dinner, fell on the ide,
broke his hip, and had to remain for a year. George Sykes will portray the author. Mr. Stanley, the unfortunate roan at whose house Whiteside was dinning, will be played by Seymoor Greenwald. Elaine Kali will be the unfortunate hostess, Mrs. Stanley. As Mrs. Prien, the nurse, Connie McCoid will bear the brunt of many of Whiteside’s cracks. In the double capacity of the author’s secretary and the love interest, we find Carolyn Wood, as Maggie Culter. Assisting the above mentioned characters are Eddie Ericesson and Sarah Andrew, who played the titled role in “Claudia”, as the Stanley children Richard and June. As the male love interest, Bert Jefferson, we find Bill Johnson. To add interest and intrigue, Betty Wedge portrays Lorraine, a convincing gold digger. Beverly Carlton, the Englishman upon whom Lorraine tries to work her wiles, gives Milton Kaplan the op^iortunity to do his bit. Another necessary character, Harriet Stanley, the slightly “odd” sister of Mr. Stanley, is played Betty Gray. Bob Padorr gives us Bandgo, the sidebick of Sheridan
Whiteside.
Included in the supporting cast are Waldo Margulis, Anne Bradley, Margaret Slate, Mary Lou Steinberg, Jim Yingst, Fred BauchwitJr, Uriel Carter, Bob Richland, Jiln Westover, and Richard Wolff.
E. B. WHITMAN will speak at a dinner meeting of the American Society of Civil Engi-
neers.
more which reorganized the municipal government of that city' in 1928. His firm is the engineer-archi-tect for $136,000,000 worth of war plant construction and has been recently awarded the Navy E. The winner of the Junior Membership Award, given by the Indiana Section, will be announced at
this meeting, to which all civil engi-
the Home Boai'd of Baltimore, a member of neers and others interested are in-
Navy Cooks To Use
HI.
(for cello) Janos Scholz IV.
Rameau Debussy Mendelssohn . . Bach Senaille Libzt-Popper
Ravel
MANAGERS SUPPLYING TRAI
RECEIVE FOOD FROM RESERVES AFTER MONDAY Effective Monday, certain foods designated as “set aside” foods will be available to University food managers supplying the Naval Training School and the Army Specialized Training men, according to a release from the office of War Information. The new plan will enable food procurers to purchase food set aside by venders for use
by the army and navy under a
certificate program. Contracts Ne^ssary
... ,1 Eligible schools are those holding
Up to the present time the contracts to feed personnel University has purchased gl the Aimed Seivices, and which meats and fats under the have been specifically authorized by “quota emept” basis but undei the the aimed .services to puichase “.set new directive, considerable aid will aside” and “quota exempt” foods, be given by the fact that canned Food needs of contract schools goods, tea and spices will also be are included in the total food repurchasable from army “set aside” quirements of the Aimed Forces, reserves, according to H. B. Abbett, Procurement difficulties have University Purchasing agent. arisen,' however, in some schools, Abbett further indicated that the since these schools do their own University has experienced no diffi- purchasing. Heretofore, there has
Introduction and Allegro (for harp and piano) Maijoiie Gall Saizedo, Carlos Saizedo at the piano INTERMISSION
V.
Fanlaisie - Hue Sicilienne - - . Paradis The Flight of the Bumble Bee Rimsky-Korsakoff (for flute) Rene Le Roy VI. - Chanson dans la nuit Behind the Barracks . , . Saizedo Traipsin’ thru Aikansaw v ^1 (foi harp) Cailos Saizedo Children’s Corner Debussy (tiansciibed by Cailos Saizedo for two harps, flute and cello) Doctoi Gradus ad Parnassum Serenade for the Doll The Little Shepherd ' Golliwog’s Cake-Walk
Economics section of the Round-up
will meet apart from the boys in the Ag section. Demonstrations and
contests in livestock, dairy, poultry
and egg, and crops judging will be held during the morning meetings.
Banquet Will Be Held Tuesday The third act will be given Tues-
day afternoon. The 4-H Club Banquet will take place Tuesday at 6:30 p. m. Miss Patricia Miller of Franklin who won the State Public Speaking Contest for Rural Youth will give an oration, “Builder of Tomor-
row.” ^ Musical entertainment will be
furnished by the Purdue Naval Training Glee Club and the “Tickler of the Ivories,” Negro pianist from
Bloomington.
There will be a message by Gov-
the Maryland Public Service Com- vited. Tickets may be secured at mission. Chairman of the Efficiency $1.00 each in the general office of and Economy Commission of Balti- the civil engineering building.
laury Mahn Will Play For Last Cary Hall Dance Students Must Vacate Cary Hall By June 27 For Duration Of War According to an announcement made yesterday by V* U Overman, manager of Cary Halls, students in residence there have been requested to vacate their rooms by Sunday, June
ernor Henry F. Schricker Wednes- 27, the date set by R. B. Stewart, University Controller.
Following this date the Halls will house members of the
armed services only and will
day afternoon. The fourth and last act will be given, following his mes-
sage.
All sessions are open to the public without charge. Soil Science Society Will Hold Meeting
WRIGHT FIELD COEDS
At the meeting Science Society to
of be
the Soil held next
Wiight Field under-engineering trainees will hold an informal dance tonight in the West Faculty lounge
of the Union.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
, . . social fraternity, announces Wednesday evening, in Room 116 of the pledging of the following men: Agricultural Hall, A. J. Ohlrogge Jack DeCelle, River Forest, 111.; and S. R. Miles will give a critical Herbert Jones, Lebanon; James evaluation of long-time fertility exPalmer, Winnetka, 111.; Robert periments. Truitt, Lebanon; Jack Swann, Wa- Economic conditions, soil quali-
bash; George Marian, Richmond; ties, and scientific information hav-
Tonight’s aft’air will be the first Fred Metzger, Chicago, 111.; War- ing changed in the last quarter of sponsored for the group training ren Anderson, Chicago; Robert a century, Ohlrogge and Miles will
„ foi’ work under the supervision of Zastron, Peoria, 111.; Walter Per- evaluate field experiments canned
culty in satisfying its demands al- been no official means of identifying army signal corps and studying as kins, Lebanon; and John Bessemer, out over a period of some years by the end of the summer term, West present, will be ready for useb^ 1^0 though certain “contract” schools eligible institutions. civil .service employees. Detroit, Mich. the University. Hall and the two annexes were also Navy July 1.
not be open to civilian stu-
dents.
Cary Hall will have its last dance for the duration next Friday evening in the North Ballroom of the Union, the dance being an informal bid occasion with music furnished by Mauiy Mahn. Dance To End Social Functions Dancing will be from 8:30 p. m. to 11:$0 p. m. and will conclude the social functions for Cary Hall resi-
dents.
Thus closes a thirteen month period during which men in the seivice and civilian students have both lived in Cary Hall. East and North Halls were chartered by use by the Navy in May 1942 and then after
taken over.
Hall, Quarters Army and Navy Following this, Army contracts weie signed and men in the Army Specialized training program entered the West sides of South where they are now quartered with University students taking advanced Militai-y ti-aining. The Navy Buildings now house 800 sailors and a complement of officers, while the AST coips is approximately 180 strong. \ Three floors of Northwest Hall have housed men taking Courses in the University under the CfivUtan defenuse training program sinee
Hast fall.
The ^remaining whig of ^ath Hall, available to civilians until ^he: %
i
W I
Purdue jExpfrn&ti
Saturday, June'12, 1-943
^pthrdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, PKonc 4005 SjROitSr Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
, orass Editor. 'onoriiry Editor. .... lOnry Business Manascr With the Colors
....William G. Hoskins Dale E. Buts ..Gerhard 11. Kioumar
fediter..... BirMness Jdanaser..... lliiSrs Editor.,.: KiiitHeiii'E Editor ikjlvertlsinB ManaRcr.. 'Sjjijtfts Editor....
<4^. . ■
. Robert W. Boswinkh Mnry Ujl' Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer ,. A. Jane Keim ..Joseph S. Bawsoi Jean Lauci
Publication Staff
' ^ Editorial staff Ai'^latc Editors: H. B. Abbott, C. C. Marlindell, E. F. Mur- • »hy. W. H. Tvson, W. I,. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madel.vn Grotnes, K.-ithorino IIowcs. Sports Staff: K. M. Lipcs. R. J. Smith, C. E, Sowards,
Business Staff
Assistant dtdvertisinB Manager : C, L. Gaunt. tiByont Director: J. B. Tabb. : ; 1. i i Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman,
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Squic.
E«tor-|h>cai^r. .. -
Staff For This Issue Nikht Editor: Martindell Sports Editor: Sotvard Day Edifor: Grdtness Isspe Editor: Jamcsoi Reporters: StclTes, Wocnor. Sweriilofl, Georgeson, Garrett Hhblas. ^
Entered as second class matter at tlfe post office in Lafay ettc, Indiana, under the act ot Congress pt March 3, 18/9 b«R at the t special rate of postage provided for in sectw 1108. act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20. 1922 Publi'shed on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings dur iiig the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered dailj by tjfarrier for $1.25 for a semester ; by mail for $1.60 for j ftepiestcr. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent btfice of at the "West Desk of the Union. lleptesented for national advertising by National Advertis ' Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 42( ligdisoh Aye., New York, N. Y.
Professor Finney Proposes New Plan... Ever since that Christmas vacation back in 1941 when each student received at his home a card announcing that semester final examinations had been abolished, we’ve thought that the abolishment was a sensible change; but we’ve always contended that scholastic standards were lowered by the change. Usually students learn what is required in order to pas.s the dailies and hour tests. Many students lea.rn more than the minimum essentials, hut among all students there is the tendency to forget knowledge very soon after the. test is finished. That’s only natural, too, because the student feels that perhaps it will be a long time before he will ever have the occasion to be familiar with the facts again. That’s: one thing in favor of the old fiinal exams. They made every student feel throughout the year that he would meet each bit of information again on the final before he finished the course, and he tried to tuck thfe most important bits in some craniological cranny for u.se at the later date. Preceding the exams, that week of comprehensive reviews with blood shot eyes and weary brains was energy draining, indeed; but we know that more was actually learned during that irksome week than during any other week in the semester. We’ve been thinking of the merits and demerit^ of the final exam plan ever since Deceihber, 1941. That’s why, the other day, when Professor Finney of the Modern Language Department stopped his car and asked ufe if we wanted to ride over to town and enroute he told some of us his ideas on an education plan we hadn’t heard of before, we were happy for two reasons that he had stopped. Professor Finney realizes that his plan might not work out for all courses, and he thinks it might be impractical for most; but he would like to see it tried. The plan consists of' the administration arranging courses around a fourteen week seinester instead of the present sixteen week semester. For fourteen weeks the courses would be conducted very much the same as now, with dailies and hour tests given as aids to teaching and to form a basis for grades. The last two weeks, however, students would attend lectures of each course. Attendance at the lectiu’es would be compulsory. Lecturers would review everything that had been taken up during the seinester and would give the student a bird’s eye view of the course rather than only the snail’s eye view obtained from the daily assignments. Each student would be required to keep a notebook and the notebook woud be gi*aded, part of the grade deepnding upon the accuracy, neatness, and completeness of the notes. I’he important idea is that the useful features of the three hour finals would he had, namely, the review of the cour.se; and the wearisome, tedious features of the final system would he eliminated. students would he induced to do a good job on the notes for they would not he given credit in the courses until the notes were accepted. Copying could be avoided by having the students hand the notebook in at the end of the leeture, and if any extra work had to be done pn the notes, it could he done under the supervision of an instructor. ‘ PrP'feskor Finney’s idea should he studied by the administration. It sounds as good as anything we’ve ever heard proposed.—r.w.bi
Tm J>'9 0. 5 P.l. ok
GRIK t^I BEi^R lT
• y DREW ,, PEARSON Crowley Wins Fight To iBan ^yanamido Mohppoly; Cop Reicognies |ap-American As Boddy WASHINGTON—Alien Property Custodian Leo Crowley playQcl a shrewd and somewhat huntorous game of “poker” in an automobile while riding to confer with the vice President last week. And the stake was a, decision on one of the most important questions facing the American people—the fostering of cartels similar to those by which Germany gripped Latin America and even the U. S. A. After the auto ride, the entire question was threshed out in a meeting with Vice Pi-esident Wallace, attended by Crowley, Attorney General Biddle, Nelson Rockefeller, Assistant Secretary of Commerce Wayne Taylor and Assistant Secretary of State Dean Acheson. The issue was whether the United States should sanction a deal by which American Cyanamid, having had previous monopoly arrangements with the giant Nazi cartel, I. G.' Farben, should now take over the German drug, dye and chemical companies in Mexico and operate them as a monopoly. Leo Crowley rode to this meeting in the same car with Assistant Secretary of State Dean Acheson and Attorney General Biddle. During the ride he kept a straight poker, face.' He knew that Acheson and the State Department were batting hard in favor of the American Cyanamid monopoly in Mexico. But he did not tell Acheson that in his pocket at that very moment he had a letter from the President of the United States opposin gthe State Department and siding with Crowley against the American Cyanamid monopoly,
The American and British Air Forces httve done a mAsf'|i^ifl;
job on the italian island of Panteleria, and they. deseryh‘;|Hh'
greatest: credit. 'But this does not seem to be-.the way thiaf
final vietory will he gained very soon in any theater of; thh walk if such an air attack could .be placed on a much larger scale than that given Pantelleria, then things would really lie
happening. The allied forces . i . \.
in North Africa are 'undoubt- ^he Russians on the other band ediy going after all the other have shown very littls initifitiYG in, stepping stoiies to Europe, but any largo scale attack against; the
wars are not won by such slow pi’esent German positions.
action anj so (ew losses as i,; liSiLiway-fwimne
were inflicted upon us at Pantel- ’ , „ ,, , c,
leria. Planes can not be expected to outforthebettertake'the full force of the attack in ment of a cause that no one else is the future, and you may rest as- willing to get into trouble over, besured that when the actual invasion cause he has always enjoyed a good
Of the bigger islands—Sicily, Sar-
fight. One of his best fights is in
“After a date, I can’t confide in Mother any more, now that she’s on a night shift—and what I’d have to say sounds awfully silly in the daylight.”
Crowley Saws Limb
In fact, Leo said nothing about his letter even after the debate began in Wallace’s oflice. He let the conferees get way,out on a liriib. Nelson Rockefeller went to bat vigorously in favor of the'monopoly program. So did Wayne Taylor, Jesse Jones’ Assistant Secretary of Commerce. They argued even more stron.gly than Acheson that American Cyanamid should be given tlio former German companies in Mexico., “But,” replied Crowley, still not revealing that he had already seen the President, “what are w'e fighting for? Are we fighting for free competition, or for Nazi monopoly. How de we know that Cyanamid won’t go back to its old dealings with I. G. Farbcr after the war? Why not let the various Mexican companies do business with any American drug and chemical company they want to? We don’t have to give the business all to one company?” The Vice President and Attorney General Biddle supported Loo 100 jjer cent. But they could not convince Rockefeller, .Taylor and Acheson. Finally, as the debate continued, Crowley remarked: “Well, I have in my pocket a note from the President Which may settle the matter.” And he pulled out a memo addressed to Wallace. The President had put himself definitely on record against .the proposed monopoly. That settled the • matter.
J-oMowbup JhsL J'OumiaiiionA.
lap-Ameracan
Tonight, at 7:45, a ragtime frolic honoring Intrascssion students will be held in the recreation rooms of ,the University Presbyterian Church. Students attending the convocation are invited to the frolic after the concert is over according to Bud Ulrich and Erne.st Nordlinger, chairman of the event. Attendants are not urged to wear their best clothes since many of the .g-amc.s will be based on the. ragtime theme. Other entertainment will include dancing. The Newman Club, student, or.ganization for Catholics, will hold a breakfast June 13 after the 9:30 Mass in St. Mary’s Auditorium. The weekly study group will start June 15 at 7:30 in Room 58 of the Union;:
All the Curties-Wright, Wright Field, and RCA Cadettes who are interested in the clnh arc invited to attend these events. The Newman Club is an organi(See FOUNDATIONS, Page 4) luma" Starting Tomorrow
dinia, and Corsica—begins, the ■ „ , . , „ losses Will begin to roll in. The ac- the making because of hiS dollar a tion in the Mediterranean must be on the coal miners for devolped on a bigger scale if the every day they laid off work during United Nations expect to, carry out the recent coal strike. This fine that an invasion this summer. Ickes has ordered certainly didn’t —X-X— come from his own head, but is Russian and German inactivity probably a demand from someone on the Russian front could be taken above him—^probably the President, for a breathing spell before the Ickes must have something else in usual summer’s frolic begins. The mind from the just collecting of the fact that the Germans seenv to have fine. He might realize, as many carfewer planes on the Russian front fcoonists.have depicted, that another is also a matter that is ce,nsing such “victory” for the administramuch concern among the tliree lead- tion will be fatal to the Democratic ing United Nations, for it is known party and to the federal governthat the Germans have few planes ment .as a whole. The fight for the than they had at the start of the collection of this pin money will he Russian campaign in 1940 but it long, but it is an attempt to get seems unbelievable that there could back some of the. respeet that the be so few planes in the German air Roosevelt adminis.tration, Ibst in the force as are now being used in bat- last week to John L. Lewis.
Martih Dies, looking for new bogeymen to,keep his Committee, going- , since ,Stalin dissolved the Comintern, has picked on the interned Japs, many of them American citizens. This , recalls an incident which occurred in Pottstown, Pa., some time before Pearl Harbor, when Willard Dorang got a letter from a Japanese on. the West Coast saying, that he had been a buddy of his son, Chuck Dorang, killed in the last war. He wanted, to visit, the family of his old friend. ■ Mr. Dorang consulted a Pennsylvania state policeman who liad served with his son in France, hut who assured him that there was no Jap in their outfit. ’The policeman suggested that when the Jap arrived he would take great pleasure in pinching the phoney. When the Jap did arrive, he began talking very intelligently with the Dorang family about his dead alleged comrade, when suddenly a motorcycle pulled up in front of the house,, and the cop. came inside. ’I’hc family e.xpected an immediate arresent. “Good Lord,” yelled the cop, “it’s ’rokie!” It was ’fokie Slocum,, a Japanese-Amcrican, to whom the President gave the pen with which he signed the bill giving citizenship to Japanese who .fought in AVorld War I. “In France,’ ’explained the policeman afterwards, “we never considered 'rbkie a Jap. He was just an- ' other American fighting side liy side witli his buddies.” When Pearl Harbor came, however, Tokie Slocum was interned along with thousands of other Japa-nese-Amerieans, many loyal, some not, one-fourth of them children. He has since been released, together with others who have proven their iinque.stioned loyalty—but not until after the FBI and the Army and Navy have made thorough investigations; In Trouble Before It is-now revealed that the Carnegio-Illinois -Steel Company, recently indicted for falsifying records for steel plates for ships, had an ejxperience of this kind once before. Back in 1894, the Carnegie Company was also charged with deceiving the Government. Further--more, the charges against it were almost identical with those made by the Truman Committee and the Justice Department today. At that time Charley Schwab, later head of Bethlehem Steel, was superintendent of Carnegie, and wlion called before the House Naval Affairs Committee, admitted most of the charges. Schwab was one of.the founders of the Navy . League, organized by heads of the big steel, companies to pi'omote a bigger Navy, and Carnegie at that time was engaged in making steel armor plates for Navy battleships, beceiving 'riie charges agaiirst the company included: falsification of reports and manipulations of tests, similar to the present chai’ges. The grand jury, in Pittsburgh, after indicting the company itfjoll, retused. to indict company officials. ’J’he i-esult is important. Under the law, a coi'porati.on caiinot be sent to jail. It can only be fined. Individual officials can be jailed, but in this case mere fines will. be paid. ’Phe ’rruinan Committee i.s waiting to see; whether these fines can he deducted from cost-plus .contracts and shoved on for Uncle Sam to pay himself. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature S^^nydicate, Inc.)
ARC
SUNDAY and MONDAY
.•— and — ALL-OUT FOR FUNi
•MHOmKE-MySiMS — ALSO—DONALD DUCK CARTOON
LAST T8MES TODAY "PARDON MY GUN" "FALCON, TAKES OVER" "SERIAL AND NEWS"
■
43 TOP STARS! ^ ■ * starring.
^ HOPE ★ FRED Mae- ? MURRAY ★ FRANCHOT TONE ★ RAY MlilAND . VICTOR 'MOORE, \ DOROTHY LAMOUR S PAULETTE GODDARD | flR VERA ZORINA ★MARY; ^ 'J-' MARTIN ★ DICK ^ POWELL.★ BETTY ^ HUTTON ★ EDDIE -F BRACKEN ★ VERONICA ^ LAKE ★ ALAN LADD ROCHESTER ^
— PLUS — 'Murder in Times . Square" — with — EDMUND LOWE MARGUERITE CHAPMAN
STARTS TONITE n:15 P. M. Tickefs on Sale 10:30 P. M.
SEE WHAT FUN IT IS TO BE ril/l7t€KPAT€D tove and laughior...suspense and spectacle...as a famed Book-of-the-Month best-seller Inspires Walt DIsney's greatest feature I ■ ' ' ~ If ^
WALT DISNEY’S
hu QAntCi PiefuroK. Jnr
— ADDED — This Is America Presents LT. SMITH Also Jerry Wald Orchestra
LAST TIMES TODAY —
—ADMISSION— Nights, Sundays and Holidays.,..35c Week Day Matinees 25c Children lOc plus tax
Starring Tomorrow uiniusm
starrii FRANCHOT TONE ANNE BAXTER mtii Akim Tamiroff ERICH VON STROHEIM Marshal Erwin Roirnnal Wilder • Screen Play by Charles y Wilder • eased on a riur liy Ujos eitw Paramouat Plcluta LAST TIMES TODAY — Tonight We Raid Calais" — with — ANNABELLA JOHN SUTTON4 ~
I
|>i, hMS
BoUermm^er Spirts
SPOflTS CARNtVAL I 0ATH|H$ MOMENTUM; klMEMsER NEXT'TUESPAY
•lOtatMMWi^l^
5^1 OHIO ItAtE OAMt IS kiNALI Edit ftivtrtk SERINO SPORTS
'miiim
io State Trims Boilermaker Diamondmen, 4-3 Clevelt Plans To Hold Athletic Show ATO Doubles Squad Army Still Shares Lead ErrdfS CdUl^ RlVttfr In Fieldhouse Tuesday In Case Of Rain Teads Net Tourney, ^ fraternity Softball DoWVlfdll Ifl ^dlll& ' The Sports Carnival IS scheduled for next Tofisdav Tiio-ht lA -I ^ f ■ vai I tf f JT l/VVvIliail 111 I II ^OlllW
The Spojts Carnival is scheduled for next Tuesday night at 8 ;30 in the Stadium unless the weatherman steps in again and should the weather be unfavorable, the event will be held ih the Fieldhouse. Besides the fraternities’ novel “Silver Derby” there will boxing, wrestling, hand to hand combat dem-
onstrations, gymnastics, soft-
ball, cageball and relays. According to “Chief” Clev-
ett, chairman of the committee, to get the best view of the carnival it would be advisable to sit in the west stands of the
stadium
A special tiack has been constiucted in the centei of the football field foi the “Silvoi Deiby” to be lun As pieviously stated theie will be a bail el lace, a hoisobaek lace, a bicycle lace, a wheelbaiiow lace, and a chariot lace Theie will also be a stilt relay Whoever completes the circuit around the track with the minimum numbei of biuise,s 01 biiish/bin ns lesulting from falls fiom the high altitude wins the lelay It’s All Flee The caiiiiVal will be open to the geneial public as well as the student body without charge
“CHIEF” CLEVETT the man behind the Sports Carnival
and Silver Derby
Defaults Prevail Becoming the first fraternity 'te
become eligible fox the semi final lound of the interfraternity tennis tournament, the Alpha Tau Omega doubles team defeated the Sigma Alpha Mus to forge into the tourney lead this week As yet no quarter final matches have been played
iii the singles division
Thiee second round matches remain unplayed, and the results of these must be reported to the inti amuial office by Monday oi it will be consideied as a double default In the singles division, Lambda Chi Alpha IS scheduled to meet Kappa Delta Rho and Phi Gamma Delta will play Theta Xi in second round competition The remaining doubles match to be played by Monday is the tilt between Pi Kappa Alpha
and Delta Chi
Notice
All persons nr Sports Carnival barn dance number rehearse Monday evening at eight in the stadium In case of lain meet in the Fieldhouse Gymnasium. —CLEVETT.
Five teams continue the fight for the league leadership in Bad luck prevailed over the Riveter dugout yesterday in the the fraternity softball competition as the Lambda Chis. the game of a two-game series with the Bhekeyes at Ohio Phi Taus, the Phi Belts and Army A and B move dahead on wins on Wednesday night. State; the Bucks cashed in on the breaks td overthrow the As a result of two forfeits the Ward 11 teams has moved Boilermakers by the narrow margin of a single run, 4-3. into the'sole leadership of the independent competition with At the plate, the Riveters slapped out no less than ten clean
hits, at the same time Ed Timm, Riveter hurler, allowed the Bucks only six safeties. However, a triad of errors at the hands of the Riveters bunched in the secoijd intting gave the Buckles three runs, the other tally made by the host team
came inthe third inning Got Two In The Seventh
The Boilermaker squad gamepad a run in the third inning and two more in then half of the seventh inning, and weie unable to put acioss another in their half of the
ninth
In the erioi column, the Bucks also had a total of three, but they
a record of six and nothing, Ward 4a, Ward 5 and the Marwood Co-op team continue to maintain undefeated records
in five games.
Ten teams in the two leagues have found it impossible to field teams, and have dropped out of the competition Six teams weie in the Ward competition while the remainder were Fraternity nines With so many teams defaulting the forfeited games are likely to have an important beaimg on the finaal
standings
The standings aie as follows Fraternity Standings
This ^ala show will pi ovule a pic ——— — tuie of the physical fitness piogiam bcis of the winning giils teams in
conducted for the vaiious Navy and the different events which will in- Dr. W. H. Headlee
Aimy units stationed on the camp us, as well as the physical pie paiedness piogiam for the legular
student body
Theie will 1)0 close to 2 000 paiti
elude a cioss countiy walk, a heel and toe walk in which if the giils do not walk according to foim then team will be disqualified Twenty coeds will also compete with eds in
cipantb in the variety show, both badminton, volleyball aicheiy, zellmen and Women will peifoini in ball, hoiseshoes and table tennis some way oi othei Latei in the evening thiity coeds Tiopines will be awiidcd to the with an equal numbei of cds will winneis ol the “Silver Dei hies” and put on a barn dance demonstration,
ribbons will be given to the mem vhec
. Assistant Piofessoi of Biology at the University until last Decembei, has been appointed head of the tiopical medicine and parasitology staff at Indiana University School of Medicine Befoie he became a membei of the Purdue faculty in September, 1935, Headlee spent sohie time in Egypt and Central Amciica
W
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTEIS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS >1 CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Aimy A 6 Army B 6 Lambda Chi Alpha 6 Phi Delta Theta 6 Phi Kappa Tau 6 Sigma Alpha Epsilon 6 Sigma Chi 5 Army C 5 Delta Upsilon 6 Sigma Pi 5 Pi Kappa Phi 4 Sigma Phi Epsilon 4 Beta Sigma Psi 4 Alpha Tau Omega 4 Sigma Nu 4 Ti langle 4 Phi Kappa Sigma 4 Tau Epsilon Phi 3 Phi Kappa 3 Delta Tau Delta 3 Delta Tau Delta 3 Theta Xi 3 Tau Kappa Epsilon 3 Alpha Chi Rho 3 Theta Chi 2 Beta Theta Pi 2 Pi Kappa Alpha 2 Kappa Delta Rho 2 Sigma Alpha Mu 1 Phi Kappa Psi 2 Alpha Sigma Phi 2 Acacia 1 Kappa Sigma 1 Phi Gamma Delta 0 => Alpha Kappa Lambda 0 Delta Chi 0 ‘'Phi Sigma Kappa 0 (SEE SOFTBALL, Page 4)
This Just About Does It
The playing of the Ohio State Purdue baseball game this afternoon not only ends the diamond season for the Riveters, but also marks the climax
„ of all vaisity competitive athletics here for the rest of the summer . , , . Of comse theie will be the regular intiamuial piogiam—-piobably some- ^ non cii ica imes, an ho ^ what depleted when the armed forces take ovei about 18 houses at the u*
end of this month—^but no regularly scheduled games of any kind will be , ” , ,
played until the football season rolls around next fall ^ ^“he plate Duffy Fnend of tlfe
Riveters and Ciate and Ernest of
Nothing To Write About Ohio all ^watted out three hits for With little or nothing going on aiound heie, there is naturally little four tups to the plate, Aeron Mar01 nothing for us to wiite about So don’t be surprised if you find the tin and Eddie Timm, Boilermaker
sports page about half filled with notices, news stones, diit columns oi what have you from now on We’ll tiy to play up Ward and fiateimty athletics more in the future, but even then it will be mighty haid to
fill up a five galley sports page for each issue
Let Us Know
second baseman and Pitcher respectively each got two hits out of four
trips up
Clinches Lead For Bucks
The win yesterday put the Bucks on top in the Big Ten Conference
If you have any ideas about how we could continue m the same way baseball standings with five tWfls we have in the past, let us know We have tried foi two yeais now to gj^ games, and even though get the majoi league ball scores as a daily feature just as in any metio- ,(.bey should drop the contest today, politan paper, but it seems that in its present condition the Exponent ^^ey will still have a percentage of cannot see fit to install a teletype Daily features might solve the piob- 17^4 which is just 014 over the seclem, but with the smallest staff in Exponent history working now, even ^^d place Gophers of Minnesota this would be next to impossible. who have an even 700 haVing won Letfei* From Duf'ch seven out of ten contests The othei day the baseball team received a lettei from then foimei Line score for the contest yester
f coach, Dutch Fehiing, who is now taking his navy tiaimng at Chapel Hill, North Carolina Dutch said that he is woiking haidei now than he ever has in his life That’s coming fiom a fellow who as a student here not too long ago played vaisity football, basketball and baseball foi thiee years, in addition to studying enough to make distinguished five of the
eight semesters
Maybe A Litfle Side Bet Among the many former coached and foimei stai athletes taking the same training with Fehiing is the former Ohio State baseball coach You can imagine what would be the topic of conveisation when these two men get together In all probability theie is a little side bet between the two as to the outcome of the games this week end at Columbus, because in his lettei Dutch seemed mighty anxious that the Rweteis trounce the Bucks in both games
Purdue 00100020
Runs 3, Hits 10, Errors 3
Ohio State 03100000
Runs 4, Hits 6, Errors 3.
Flunkies Trim
Pi Tau Sigma
Gimlet-Reamer Blood Feud Brewin' For Carnival Night
By Some Dy'tj Guy e’s bad blood a h Among who’ The Reamers and the Gimlet boys on the campus Why’ It’s because of that Tug of waaaahi scheduled foi Chief Clevett’s “Steepechase” The boys leally are gettin’ m shape foi said exhibit of athletic piowess Eveiy week the Reamers give then pledges a stiff physical, and pour on the calesthenics The muscles fairly bulge all over the fledglings with the big R’s who it is not uncommon to see limping aiound over the campus these days Gimlets liain Religiously Gimlets don’t seem to be won yin’ very much though They had a big pep session out at Saige Biltz’ ossis last Thrusday night A couple of the more athletic fellows weie supposed to have given lectures of the advantages ot living a clean life, and someone said it was being lumoied in one ot the more populai “bum looms” on the campus that the fellows who wear those funny yellow pots had fined members foi just saying the woid alcohol, on the eve ol the night three days before the Cai nival was to come off Reglly tough on ’em Dll tj Bosm inkle Pi0|paganda is flym’ too All
kinds of duty politics is being pulled Bob Boswinkle, piexy of the Rcamei tube of savages has been taking a speed up course in camoflauge undei the tutoledge of Col Beeie with the idea of makin’’the “Boiler maker Special” look like the south end of the Stadium, then when eveiyone is deeply engrossed watching the Gimlets tie a big lock on then end of the string and pitch it ovei the west side of the stadium Boswmkle’s scheme is to have a pledge nonchalantly enter the “south end of the Stadium” and diive off Oh it’s awful what people won’t do these days Scientific Discoreiy Published Dick Butsch, newly elected Gim let president secietly has a bunch of the skinney Gimlets ovei in “Lamb’s” back loom absorbing tubs full oi the old “amber fluid” in an einest endeavor to get more pull and weight behind the Gimlet attack It’s funny but in a tug of waaaahi, the paiticipants charge by backing up Disgusting isn’t it Another leason bad blood is riled between the two outfits is that somebody let slip that 1 earners in -black caps with yellow “dicky bud” bills looked like a bunch ot lofugces iiom the “Zoot suitois out on the
west coast Then another somebody letatiated with a crack about Gimlets planting guys in the audience with pea shooters with telescopic Slights so they can pelt the Reameis fioqr the rear, 01 something about pelting the Reamers rears 01 eais, anywgy the Reamers We Think That.. . Doc Miller had bettei be aiound anyway, cause if when the fellows aie out theie pulling then aims out of joints, (what guys do with then aims m joints is anothei story) when the guys aie pulling, and if the lope should accidentally bleak and the fellows would naturally fall ovei on then respective hip pockets somebody is liable to get cut with the flying glass It would sure nun the fellow spirits
anyway
IM Schedules Sottball Monday, June 14
Diamond—
1— Unit 1 vsvUnit 2
2— Delta Upsilon vs Aimy “B” -Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Kappa
Last Wednesday afternoon the
M E Flunkies battled it out With the Pi Tau Sigma teaiyi on the softfall field to toss whether it was brains or brawn that won ball games It so turned out that it takes brawn, for the Pi Tau Sigma honorary men bowed to then fellow
classmates by the score of 5 to 4 In order to be eligible for the
Flunkies it was necessary to have pieviously failed a course, while a
membei of the M E school The honorary team pulled a ring-
er out of the hat on the Plurtkies when they drafted M Leutwiler from the Machine Design department to take over the mound duties for the “Brains” Luetwiler did a nice job of holding down the Flunk-
ies’ big bats
Omega 6— Unit 3 vs Unit 4 7— Sigma Chi vs Tiiangle 8— Beta Theta Pi vs Sigina Alpha Epsilon ' 10— Sigma Nu vs Phi Delta Theta 11— Acacia vs Alpha Chi Rho 12— Thpta Chi vs Kappa Siq:ra^ 13— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Fhi Kappa 14— ^Kappa Delta Rho vs Beta Sigma Psi 15— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Aitpy “C” 16— Theta Xi vs Pi Kappa Alpha 17— Tau Epsilon Phi vs Army “A” 19— Ward 1 vs Cucle Pines 20— Ward 2 vs Owen 23—Ward 4A vs Rochdale .
3-
Tau
4-
•Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Mu ■Pi Kappa Phi vs Alpha Tau
Fraternity Tennis Singles— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kap^a Delta Rho Phi Gamma Delta vs Theta Xi (See FM SCHEDULES, Page 4)• ,??>■•> I-V , ,
;?J^
S^i‘
F^4
TT- <> ?P pTTipn^ I **>-' PufiJue Exponent
, Saturday, June 12f 1943
Major Maier Foundations
Talks At Alpha Zeta Meeting
(Continued from page 2)
zation providirig means whereby the Catholics on the campus may become better acquainted through
contact with each other.
LOXI HERSELF—Beautiful Paulette Goddard has one of the most glamorous roles of her screen career as tempestuous Loxi Claiborne in “Reap the Wild Wind,” Cecil B, DeMille sea epic coming today to the Mars Theatre. The new Paramount Technicolor production, DeMille’s greatest, co-stars Paulette with Ray Milland and .John Wayne, plus a •huge supporting cast, in a story of pirate wreckers in 1840.
University Calendar
Saturday, June 12
At an Alpha Zeta meeting last ‘ Tuesday evening which welcomed new initiates, Major R. W. Maier was the principal speaker. Major Maier entertained the group with tales from his own expei’ience. As one of the first men called to duty from the Klondike, he had some ii}formation to relate especially about his relations with agricultural interests at Port Sill and Port Bragg. He also praised the midwest farm boy by saying that they are much favored as soldiers over those boys from other parts of the country. Introduce New Initiates During the evening Pred Ponder, master of ceremonies had Dick Myerss introduce the new initiates to the assembly. It is the job of these new men to carry on the work of this agricultural honorary. Among those initiated were: John Marks, Vance Lockhart, Wilbur Rule, "Arthur Hill, John Rodarmel, Carl Peaster, and Keith Jewel. Before these men were initiated only seven members of last semester’s twenty-nine were on campus. Of these seven, five wei’e in uniform and two in civies. To conclude the program. Dr. Walters performed a few card tricks and read some humorous poetry. Refreshments climaxed the meeting and brought it to a success-
All Day Canners Technician School 7:30 P.M. Convo—Salzedo Ensemble . 8:00 P.M. Wright Field Spoit Dance 9:00 P.M. Sigma Alpha Mu Dance ,
Horl. Building . Hall of Music W. Faculty Lge., Union Chapter House
Cadeffes Receive Softball
Army-Navy 'E' Pins From RCA Manager Robert Shannon, geneial manager of the Radio Corporation of America, at a brief convocation in the Women’s Residence Halls last Thursday presented 85 RCA cadettes with Army-Navy “E” pins. Mary Wagner, president of the dormitory unit, accepted the pins for the girls. J. H. McConnell, legal advisor for the company, spoke to the group discussing the importance of character in their work with the corporation. Three eadettes, Barbaia Thcriio, Joan Hammond and Patiicia White acted as hostesses foi a group of representatives of RCA. They visited classiooms and laboiatories on the campus where the girls are studying in preparation for duties with RCA when they complete 44 weeks of study. Their visit here was part of an inspection trip to company plants in Indianapolis, Bloomington and Monticello. Officials discussed the course of study with Frances Tallmadge, resident supervisor for the girls, and Prof. C. W. Caldwell of the EE school. They also met with all instructors who are teaching in the program. The eadettes have completed five weeks in a curriculum involving mathematics, radio manufacturing, elcctionics, drafting, shop practices and radio tlieoiy. Carolyn Wood Receives $500 Fellowship Award Carolyn Wood, a memlier of Pi Beta Phi sorority, has won one of the Kappa Kappa Gamma $500 cash graduate fellowships, aw'ardod for superior social and scholastic achievements to outstanding college and Univeisity giaduates. This is the liist time a wappa iellowship of this type has been awarded to a University senioi. In Sep(embei Caiolyn jilans to use the money in graduate study oi radio, speech and psychology at the University of Iowa which also granted her a reseaich scholarship.
New Freshman Passports Ready
(Continued from page 3)
Ward Standings
Ward 11 GO Ward 5 . 5 0 Ward 4A .... 5 0 Marwood ... 50 Ward 13 .. 6 1 Dover . 6,1 Ward 8 .51 Owen 3 1 Ward 12 5 2 Ward 1 4 2 Circle Pines 3 3 Waid 2 ..33 Rochdale 1 3 Ward 9 ,28 Ward 3 19 Ward G .19 Ward 7 19 IVard 4 1 10 Ward 10 and 14 0 10 Westminster 0 10 Dropped out of competition. WRH To Hold Coed Bid Dance At Halls On Friday^ June 26 With WRH residents as hostesses, a semi-formal dance will be held in the Women’s Residence Halls Friday June 26. It is to be a coed bid dance. Gills living^outside WRH who wish to obtain bids may ask Residence Hall girls for them. Accommodating the dancers in South Hall will he Eddie Mack- and his orchestra fiom the Illinois campus. Noith and Wood Halls will be use to lake care of the overflow fioni the dance. Refreshments will be .served in the Grill. One of the thoughts behind the dance is that it is likely to be the last social function on the campus for the many hoys who will be enteiing the armed .services in July.
ful end. Placement Notes For Women Miss Mary A. Rigney, Personnel Department, Room 506 Administration Building, Homan and Arthington Streets, Sears, Roebuck, and Company, Chicago, Illinois, writes of openings in their merchandise comparison department for inspectors and comparative shoppers. If you are at all interested will you write or telephone Miss Rigney’s office at once and let me know that you are applying. If you do not care to apply and have taken another position for next year I shall also appreciate knowing. The Central Institute for the Deaf, 818 South Kingshighway, Saint Louis, Missouri, which is affiliated with Washington University announces a number of tuition scholarships for students who have completed two years of undergraduate woik and graduate scholarships for those working towards Master’s Degree. The courses consist of training in the field of speech correction and education of the deaf and the hard-of-hearing and leads ro degrees from Washington University. Any one interested should call Placement Service for Women (2956) for further information. Miss Hulda Ungericht, Home Service Director of the Ohio Fuel Gas Company, Columbus, Ohio, has written concerning openings on her staff for Home Service assistants. These pqsitions will be in Columbus and other Ohio cities where there are branches of the company. The work involves demonstrations and talks, conducting cooking schools, making calls in homes, supplying recipes, etc. If you are at all interested will you write Miss Ungericht at once and let me know you are applying to her. If you do not apply I shall appreciate a note from you
also.
j All students are invited to attend the skating party to be given at Maple Point by the Lutheran Association June 18 at 7 p. m. Those who desire transportation should meet in front of Eliza Fowler Hall at 7 p. m. Tickets are 40 cents each and can be purchased by calling Mary Frances Doty, 2096, or Watt Alvin, 45862. Devotional will be at 7:30 p. m. Sunday, June 13, in room 307 of the
Union.
Sunday Services Of The Wesley Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Prof. D. IT. Patterson will speak on :“Why Christianity?” This is the first in a series of five discussions on this theme. 6:l6 p. m.—Fellowship supper, 20 x:ents, with Social hour following. 6:30 p. m.—Prof. Frank Hall will speak on “Political Aspects of Post-War World.” 7:15 p. m.—Closing Worship. Purdue Christian Foundation Week-End Program Saturday Afternoon—“Traveling Seminar”. Leaving from 131 S. Grant at 1:00. Cost 25c for transportation. Route: Through the Wabash river slums to the South End Community House, Hope Chapel the County Jail, Labor Temple, Negro section of town, and Temple Israel. Return by 6:00. Sunday Morning—In Lafayette Christian Chiu-ch 6th & North St. 9:30 — Student Class — Har-riet Reynolds will sheak on the subject of “What Is Man?” This continues the series of discussions on religious problems^ so popular. 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject, “The Problem of the Church”. Communion service open
to all.
Sunday Evening 5:15, sharp. ' Happy Hollow Hike, leaving from East entrance. Union Building. (In case of inclement weather, meet in Religious Council Room, Union Building). Supper, recreation, discussion, and vespers. Come arfd bring your friends, but sign up Sunday morning for the supper. ASME To Study
Cary Hall All-Stars Face Chinese Yellow Sox In Unpredictable Soccer Tilt Today By John Jameson Stiff competition faces the Cary Hall All-Star soccer (team in their battle today with the All-Chinese Yellow Sox, com-
LINEUP
Yellow Sox Positipn All-Stars Chia-Tseng Chen Goalkeeper Gerhard Langet^ Tsu-Kan Ssui Left Fullback Harold Saewert Chic-Yuan Chen Right Fullback 1 Ken Blodgett Shun-Yun Chou Left Halfback A1 Schwarzbach Benjamin Joe Center Halfback Hans Wormser Chauncey C. Chu Right Halfback Don Henderer William Hsiao Center Forward Ray Fara Chieh-Yin Chiang Inside Right Joaquin Vargas George B. Wu Inside Left A1 Reinking John Han Yueh Outside Left Bob Reese Chu-Sheng Soong Outside Right Sam Goldstein posed of members of the Chinese Student’s Club. The morale of the Cary Hall team has been undermined by disturbing rumors to the effect that the Yellow Sox’ offense is overpowering, their defense rocklike, and their strategy intricate and inscrutable. Said —— a key member of the All-Star
team, “Them guys is tough.” The probable score? Captain Wormser of the All-Stars says with a worried look in his eye that it’s a toss-up. “Unpredictable”, says Captain Hsiao of the Yellow Sox, and he doesn’t look worried. The game, to be held not on,Intramural Field as previously announced, but on the Women’s Athletic Field, will be refereed by Doctor G. W. T. Youngs and Dr. Golomb, both of the Mathematics department. Cary Team Practices Nightly The team, newly formed for this game, has been practicing nightly in the hope of wearing off some of their greenness before the game. Yesterday they finally succeeded in finding a rule book. Some of the team-members did not know what soccer is all about, and were beginning to suspect vagely that they might need to know. One of their members, Joaguin Vargas, is a soccer all-tar from South America. Yellow Sox Play By Instinct The Yellow Sox have announced, with ominous unconcern, that they are not at all in condition, that they never practice, and that they play entirely by instinct. The Cary Hall band will play for the occasion.
Notices
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Keys are here. Call at 115 University after 7 p. m, —GOFF All Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House, 116 Sheetz St. V —GLUCK Sigma Pi Sigma: Picnic Saturday at Rass Camp. Meet at 2 p. m. at the Physics Building. —MIDDLETON Civil Engineers: Annual ASCE banquet will be held Saturday, /June 12, at 6:30 p. m. in the Union, Get your tickets now.
—STEIN
Basic Military Students: All basic students are urged to note the schedule iiosted on the Bulletin Boaid in the Armury for turning in wool trousers and caps.
—BROWN
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
student Senate: There -will be a Beneral meeting Monday, June 14, at 8 P:,}”',;’! * ® Senate office. —THOMAS All Studentn: Two boys are needed to help in the Homo Ec Cafeteria during noon hour. ,
Cali Miss Gamble at 2941.
Lutheran Students; Skating party will be held Friday, Juno 18, at ?;30 at Maple Point. Transportation furnished. For further information call Mary Francis Doty, 2096, or Walter Alvin, 46862. Bring your dates and fall down with the .feat of us. Everyone welcome. —MAJ.lJii-»wo Fraternity President’s Council: Meeting will be held Thursday, June 17, at 7 p. nu
in room 302 of the Union
as originally announced. —DAWSON All Students: Big Robbie will speak at the ASME meeting Wednoesday, Juno 16, at 4:16 p. m. in the Physics lecture hull. His subject is a very interesting and amusing one—“The Boomerang”. The discussion will be' supplemented with demonstrations in
Stuart Field. Everyone
Glider Club: There will be an open meeting Tuesday) June 16, at 7 :0 in the Union. All interested are welcome. Movies of the
“Cinema II" will bo
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Monday, June 14, in room 307 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. All actives must attonch Pledges arc to be elected. CROUSE Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Thursday, June 17. in room 366 oT the Union at 7:16 p. m. Important that all members Triton: Meeting Monday, Juno 14, in Women’s Gym. Most ''"^“’’‘’^jjEoWNE Newman Club: The monthly breakfast will be held June 13, after the 9:30 Mass in St. Mary’s Auditorium. The discussion group will meet .Tune 15 at 7:30 in room 58 of the Union. All Catholic Curtiss■Wright, Wright Field and RCA Cadettes are invited to join the <=>“b^^ENDELL Radio Club: Meeting Wednesday, June 16, loom 12 in Electrical Engineering building at 7 :30 p. m. —WENDELL
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding macninca, all makes sold, rented repaired and purcjiascd. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Eberbhoff, 605 MatHi Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watch^fl, guns, luggage, typewriters, Albert’s Loan 407 Columbia. Students wishing to earn their board bring schedule card and rcpoit to hcrvice office in Caiy Hall South. Wanted: Someone to cut grass once a week. Phone 2339.
Boomerangs im Schedules
ASME will hold its next regular meeting Wednesday at 4:15 p. m. in the lecture hall of the Physic Building. Once again Dr, C. H. Robertson will be the guest speaker, talking on the subject “Boomerangs”. To assure those who attend an interesting talk, Big Robbie will first discuss the theory and applications of the boomerang and then demonstrate their action in the field directly behind ^the Physics Building. Those who attended the last meeting at which Big Robbie talked will remember him as a very interesting speaker. He has studied the boomei’ang and is well versed in the subject. During his travels he has given a similar talk to the Russians in Siberia, and many other interesting groups abroad. As usual, all arc welcome to attend this meeting and a special invitation is extended to the various giolips of Cadettes on the campus. Try An Exponent Classified!
(Continued from page 3) Sigma Chi vs Acacia Doubles— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Cjii These matches must be played and the results turned in to the Intramural Office by Monday morning, June 14. They will not be rescheduled and if the results are not in the office by the given time, forfeits will be called. These matches have been scheduled several times and are holding up the play-offs.
THE DESERT FOX and the French chambermaid portrayed by Erich von Stroheim and Anne Baxter, shown above in a scene from Paramount’s “Five Graves to Cairo,” the exciting story of adventure behind the lines of Rommel’s African rout which comes Sunday to the Lafayette Theatre. Franchot Tone and Akim Tamiroff arc also in the cast. Miss Baxter is the only girl in the film.
FOURTH “R"
Freshmen students in the inti’ascssion group which entered the University last Monday may obtain their passpoj-ts at the Field house ticket office now, accoiding to an announcement by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket .sales. Schedule caids must be jn'esented at the ticket office in oidei to obtain the passiioits. Pa.sspoits aio available Joi summer term students wlio have not obtained theirs yet. The hi ass in 1,000 jadio tidies would make 106 .30 caldjei caitJ’idges.
Joan Brooks was a schoolma’am belore she decided to desert the tradiiional three “E’s” for a fourth one—Rhythm. She’s heard twice weekly on CBS,
HERRY-CO- ROUND
The leaders and ’the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented , importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now ftosjiave, besides running news reports, a column surnmarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it / in the PURDUE EXPONENT
PRICE RISEI on June 23rd
DEBRIS PURDUE’S YEAR BOOK
$4.50 BEFORE
Order Your Book Today!
$5.00 AFTER
II
On Sale: West Desk of Union — Debris Business Office — Salesmen.