X \
W ''
m
Nava/ Training Plane Crashes In University Airport Landing Severe damage was incurred yesterday by one of three naval training planes which were forced to land at the Uni-
versity airport because of bad weather.
The plane nosed over on the runway during the landing and
was Severely damaged according to a statement released by Lt. Comm. E. G. Vetter, officer in charge of the Navy Flight Volume 56, No. 5
Instructor^’ School located at the airport. The pilot was un-
injured.
Established 1889
Buy War Bonds
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, May B,
Senate To Hold Elections May 18 Petitions Obtainable In Senate Office; Sophomores, Juniors Eligible For Jobs student Senate elections involving 16' representatives from the various schools on the campus will be held May 18, as voted by the Senate members at their regular meeting 'in the Union
last Wednesday.
Don Thomas, president of the Senate, has emphasized the sophomores in room 363 of the need for student representation this summer with the increase Union building at 4:30 p. m, in student war activities. , aii
Election polls will be open from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. on the main floor of the Union, the exact place to be announced in the Exponent at a later date. Candidates for election from
Frank Buck's Jungle Tales Thrill Audiencd
Tiffin To Show War Workers Use Of Device
Remmers, Hobson
Conduct Poll
For High Schools
Twenty Leading Questions Asked
Dr. H. H. Remmers and R. L. Hobson of the Educational Reference Department have conducted a poll for high school students throughout the state. In conducting the
be eligible to petition for a vice pharmicist will be considered at the poll, twenty leading questions
thirteenth ^annual Druggists’ Busi- of the day were submitted to a
Union Will Hold Callout For Frosh, Sophs Wednesday Heads 1^0 Explain Committee Dpties
^ \
student Union will hold a callout for all freshmen and
next Wednesday. All sophomores starting work now VilJ^
Doubleheader Today The Boilermaker-Wolver-ine game was called off yesterday because of rain, but a doubleheader will be held today. See Sports Page for
father details.
Pharmacists'
To Hold Annual
War time problems of the retail
the various schools must obtain petitions from the Senate Office and return them by Friday, May 14, at B t). m. with 50 signatures. Signa-
War industries repi’esentatives arc on the campus to receive insti action in the use and operation
president’s position in Decem-
ber,
The Student Union has the duties of its organization distributed among six different committees. One of these is Music Room and Receptions, the function of which i^ to arrange programs in the Union Music Room, and to make
ness Conference to be held at the University on Monday and Tuesday. For the first time the Conference will be combined with the six-ty-second annual convention of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Associa-
tion.
representative sample of 3,366 high school students in all geographical sections of the state, with the number from each section roughly proportional to the total population of
the section.
The sample was made of 52 per
Colorful Movies Depict Horrifying Python-Tiger Fight
By Peg Steffes
Frank Buck, famous wild animal hunter, explorer and author of seven best sellers, in the first convo of the summer seri^ last night at the Music Hall, thrilled his audience with tales of jungle adventures and spectacular movie shots of his trips into
the darkness of Asia.
Buck, in his opening remarks, exploded-a common idea when he said that wild animals are not as dangerous as people think; rather they will leave rh^
alone and slink off into ,the jungle when left undisturbed. He hasn’t had many narrow escapes because he “knows his job”, and how to handle animals when the are near capture.
Dangerous When Trapped
Illustrating the point that animals are most dangerous when trapped. Buck told the story of how he narrowly escaped the poisonous fangs of a king cobra. The huge
Indiana Land Army Marks 13th Training Week Under FSA
i
This week marks the thirteenth during which farm laborers from the southern part of Indiana have been receiving training under the Farm Security Administration at.
session will open ly^^les and 48 per cent females, the University, during which time?*
on Monday afternoon with an out-
in a joint research project. The Or- of receptions given in their honor, tion of Boards of Pharmacy and a’ cent preferred the Democratic Each week a new group of volun-
tures must be from students in the Ortho-Rater, an instrument it possible for the students and fac- line of the wartime policies of the school which the candidate desires (developed by the Univeisity and the ulty to meet and talk with celebri- board by P. H. Costello, of Chicago, ^^^^''commurirties^'^Pontic^ally' to represent and his name will not Bausch and Lonib Optical Company ties coming to the camflifs by means secretary of the National Associa- " c‘ ,
be placed upon the election ballots
if hg dbes not meet the deadline.
Representatives Receive Privilieges
Representatives elected to the Senate will bo able to paiticipate
and hold voting priviliges in the Senate meetings and will be eligible to work in the org-anization along
with other activity woikers. Sophomores in the cnginoeiing
and 35 per cent came from rural 486 have been trained to work on areas with the remainder from ur- farms of north and central Indi-
55 ana.
wall in the process of placing the snake in a special box, and by clev-ei-ly dropping a coat over the snake’s head. Buck succeeded in recapturing the precious specimen. His first book, “Bring ’em Back
^ A. yjj, i iii LiiC^ix xiuiiuj.* tiWlL CIX AJUcXiUa Ui. i lldl clUU «. . tn I ir -q -ii •
tho-Rater is credited with increas- The Clubs Committee is in charge presentation of national develop- , Republican teers owning land in the southern i„g p.oductio,,i„,..„,tca30s,fr.„. C.„e.-a Club, Gbcle.- Club, in ph.™auy by E. F. Kelly, ThS-Tve p’e^r^rritpTe Sl-tedT, T UnivS.y f“ ™ »'>■ « —
were ninth and tenth graders, and the purose of teaching them meth- magnets had Frank Buck
school will be allowed four
10 to 15 per cent. Aeromodlei’s Club, and many othIndubtrial I'cprescntatives who ers located in the Union. The newsuccesslully complete the course of organized War Committee sells insLiuction under the direction of defense stamps and sponsois proDr. Joseph Tiffin, of the Education giams which encourage the war efand Applied Psychology Depart- fort- Red Cross work also comes
ment, assisted by Dr. S. E. Wirt, of under this group,
the same Department, will be per- ’ft’e Publicity Committee has the
sentatives. Each of the engineering schools will be given one. (Civil and PSE combined. Chem and Met. combined). The following schools will be allowed representatives from both the sophomore and junior classes: Home Economics; Science; Pharmacy and PE; Agr. and For
restry.
WAA To Invite All Cadettes To Outing All new freshmen, CurtissWright, RCA, Wright Field, and upperClass girls are invited to attend the informal picnic outing, WAA’s first of the summer semester, on Tuesday. Girls will meet at the gym in sports di’ess at 5 p. m. to hike out to the WAA cabin, located about a mile from the campus. Thei’e will be no business meeting; this is entirely a social gettogether and will not last late. Entertainment will take the form of refreshments and community sing-
ing.'
Tickets are now on sale and may be purchased from any WAA council member or at the WAA office in the gym at 35 cents per person. Ticket sales will close Monday noon.
I'epre- return to their plants and job of placing posters, mailing an-
utilizc the Oi tho-Rater in the testing and classification of their own
personnel.
Tests Vision In Five Minutes This testing device, which is so designed that it can be set up close to the job, will determine in 5 minutes the visual performance of a worker. From the standpoint of industrial application, the OrthoRater meets a long-standing need in that it measures vision at va
nouncements, arranging for stories in the Exponent and wiiting the radio programs for the Union Open House over WBAA. The assignment of all freshmen and sophomores to these vaiious groups is done by those in charge of person-
nel.
Regular mixers are distributed equally among the vice-presidents, since there is no one committee in charge of these. Prepaiations for
of Washington, D. C., Secretary of the American Pharmaceutical Association. Addresses by Frank A. Delgado, head of the drugs and fine chemicals section of the OPA, and Prof. Henry W. Heine, on leave of absence from the University to head the drugs and cosmetics section of WPB, will conclude the Monday afternoon program. Knight To Address Conference Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, will address the annual conference dinner Monday evening. Dean Glenn L. Jenkins, of the University School
the remainder, eleventh and twelfth
grade pupils.
Majority Want Post-War Planning A slight majority of the students, 51 per cent, indicate that they feel post-war planning should start now. A smaller group felt that the war
should be won befoi e
planning.
Fifty-nine per cent of the students felt that “Only the Nazi leaders, and not the German people as a whole, are leal enemies of ours”, while 21 per cent felt that the German people are leal enemies, and
of Pharmacy, will serve as toast- 20 per cent were uncertain, master, and there will be short re- considering specific war promarks by Prof. Frank C. Hockma, grams, the students were more defiassistant to the president and en- ^ite in their opinions. Seventy-five
nous distances rather than at one big-name band usually consist tertainment by the men’s glee club, percent agreed that “our govern . , , . , . , , - ' nf Hppnvnf.innc nP flip hallvnnTnc nn'h_ I
standard distance which has been the practice in the past. In addition, the tests which the instrument covers are these related directly to
production and accuracy.
Dr. L. D. Brockway ... of the University at Michigan, will discuss “Electron diffraction” before a meeting of the University Section of the American Chemical Society to be held in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall on Monday
night at 7:30.
Frafrernity Rush Ail men interested in going through fraternity rush sign up in the Fraternity Affiars Office, room 360, Union, Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday Bebetween 4 and 5:30 p. m. A list of these names will be sent 'to fraternity rush chairmen.
of decorations of the ballrooms, publicity, ticket sales and arrangements for ushers at the pieceding convo.
Tuesday morning will be devoted ^^gnt is right in attempting to conto the business session of the Indi- trol the prices of farm products”, ana Pharmaceutical Association, pgj. gent that “where possi-
ods of farming used by northern In-
diana farmers.
Under the direction of Dr. B. F. Catheiwood, short courses in handling of farm machinery, and general agricultural have been taken by the men and these have fitted them
post-war to ease the labor shortage in exis-
tence in the northern half of the
state.
I According to statistics furnished by Wayne Kurtz, of the Lafayette Farm Security Bureau, approximately one-third of the men taking the courses are unmarried and are sons of farmers from regions of unprofitable soil m the state. The other two-thirds are married farmers whose establishments are relatively unproductive. Instruction is offered free to the men who are all placed in positions working for northern farmers when
movie magnets had
make a picture based on it. So for fourtesen months he tracked through tangled jungles making nature pictures that are proof what
“Truth is stranger than fiction.” Wild and Woolly Adventure The movie shown to last night^s
audience was full of wild and woolly adventure, and the crowd showed their appreciation by gasping with horror at the tiger’s strug-» gle with a fifteen foot p3^hon, the most outstanding scene in the whole show. They also kowled and laughed with delight at the antics of little black and white fuzzy monkeys, whose expressions were so near human as to make one feel un-
comfortable.
Buck showed a pictorial report of how a herd of wild elephants are captured. First the domestic oties are put to work uprooting trees
The Book Exchange, now open to There will be a message by Presi- school students should~do the volunteers have completed the ^>^4 setting them in the ground to
the students, is another example of the work of the Student Union. Lt. McKenzie Takes Over Job In Special Service Col. James M. Churchill commandant of Port Harrison, as announced that Lieut. William A. McKenzie, former professor of vocational education at the University, has been made director of the special service branch at the Fort. Lieut. McKinzie, who entered the army last September as an enlisted
man and was commissionec^ a short dianapolis,'’wm ’speak.“The’after
dent Stephen Badanish, of Gary, and a short talk by Edgar A. O’Harrow, of Bloomington, president of the Indiana Board of Phai’macy. Committee reports, sound motion pictures, and election of officers will fill the remainder of the
morning.
Addresses To Conclude Program Three addresses will open the concluding aftei’noon progi’am. J. Harold Jones, inspector for the Indiana State Board of Health; H. A. Withers, vice-president of the Globe Laboratories, Ft. Worth, Tex.; and E. N. Beesley, manager of trade relations, Eli Lily Co., In-
time later, being a former officer of the reserve corps, will relieve Capt. William D. Trott, ordered to Fort
McClellan, Alabama.
OI' Grad Comes Through Again ...
G-E Develops New Sight-Setting Device For New Garand Rifle
magnified on another p !■ o j o c t o r
above it.
By Jack Abbetl — ——
Gbnoral Electric has developed a fi'iil In do the job in less than two new precision sighting device for minutes per rifle, about half the the Garand semi-automatic iifle. time it took two men by the old This new process is done without method. Moreover, the optical firing a shot from the new rifle, and equipment requires less room than it takes less than two minutes to the average domestic kitchen,
adjust the sight. The only thing ^'whereas sighting by filing requires filed from it, and the sighting de-
necessai'y for the sighting of the a 100 yard rifle range, rifle is a set of mirrors and a so Done With Mirrors
When sighted by the optical gage, all the rifle “files” is a light ray at a mirrored target approximately six feet in front of it. The light ray is caught by another mirror target on the gage equipment at the operator’s eye level, and thrown onto a ground glass
by Barnes and C. B. Siiterson, an- screen in the image of a cro^s. Supother member of the laboratory, erimposing this image upon anothhandled the mechanical engineeiing er cross on the ground glass corfor its development. rectly positions the rifle, and the The now sight adjustor is official- gun is then sighted by adjusting its
ly known as an “Opt i c a 1 Rifle roar sight so that its shadow, mag- end of a 4 inch bore plug, an adSighiing Gage.” This piqce of nified 25 times on the screen of a justable mirror mounted above the eciuipment will save up to 13 rounds projector directly above it, is in the light source, and a mirror and of ammunition formerly used in same relative position as the shad- gi'ound glass screen on the main
sighting each gun, and will permit ow of the front sight, similarly fixture.
noon program, and the conference, will close with a round table discussion led by Herbert H. Gerding, Ft. Wayne. Discussion leaders will include A1 Fritz, A. Kiefer Mayer, and M. L. Sutton, of Indianapolis; Keifer Elliot, Sheridan; Carl Nelson, Hammond; Charles D. Schreiber. Tell City; V. N. Phillips, Terre Haute, and H. W. Ferdinand, South
Bend.
Frosh Must Return AWS Petitions By Tuesday All new coeds who plan to petition for AWS freshman representa-
Tosts have shown that the last tive should turn in their petitions
cajlbd “master” iifle.
Developed By Former Student This new process was conceived and developed by N. F. Barnes and K. R. Geiser, ’37 graduate from the University, of G-E’s general engineering laboratory. The optics of this new process weie worked out
four inches of the bore at the muzzle of the Garand rifle determines the trajectory of a bullet
vice was developed with that established idea in mind. The master rifle is used in setting the gage for accuracy and when the other rifles are placed in the gage, are aligned with tai’get optical system, and their sights moved to the proper relation as designated by the sight projectors, they are given the line-of-sighkto line-of-bore relationship established by the master rifle. The target optical system consists of a light source and condensing lens, a cross-shaped aperture, a concave mirror mounted on the
signed by twenty-five fieshman girls by Tuesday at the West desk of the Union or at North Hall office. Elections will be held Thursday, May 13. First and second semester freshmen may vote by show of passports in the Union. The form to be used is as follows: “We, the undersigned, do hei'eby nominate for the office of freshman representative for the summer term ” Life Saving Corps Any coed who is a Junior or Senior Red Cross life saver is eligible for membership in the Corps which assists in the women’s swimming progr^am. There will be a meeting of all interested life savers on Monday, May 10 at 7 P. M. in the Hygiene Room of the Women’s Gymnasium.
part time work in war industries.” Free College Education Fifty-one per cent of the students agreed that “the average high school does not teach enough of what is needed for living”, and 47 per cent believed that “the government should provide a free college education for those high school graduates with special aptitude and capacity for training”, with 24 per cent being uncertain, and 29 per cent disagreeing. Dr. Remmers pointed out that an analysis of the poll gave clear evidence that the opinion in one high school may be considerably different from that in other high schools.
1
Activities Bureau Will Hold Summer Callout Monday At 4 First summer callout for freshmen and sophomore workers for the Activities Bureau has been scheduled for Monday, May 10, at 4 p. m. in the Bureau office. Union room
356.
Marge Libbert, is the new Bureau geant and director, and Judy Jones, is coed Pavelchek;
executive. Junior Managers for the summer semester are Esther Conelley. Jack R e n b a r g e r, and Bill
Moore.
Conducts Surveys Complete accounts of campus activities are on file in the Bureau Office for the benefit of any and all
course. Living expenses are paid by the FSA while the men are on the campus and transportation to and from the University is provided by
the program.
Emrick Lists Band Officers For This Term
Prof. P. S. Emrick has announced the commissioned and non-commis-sioned officers for the University Military and Symphonic Bands to be as follows for the summer term: 1st Lt. and Executive Officer and Military Officer, R. F. Sharp; 2nd Lt. and Assistant to the Director and concertmeister, J. A. Shaw; 2nd Lt. and Band Adjutant, R. J.
Reed.
Technical Sergeant and Technical Officer, D. E. Gault; Technical Seargeant and Band Librarian, J. J. Bonner; Staff Sergeant and Band Quartermaster, J. H. Watters; Staff Sergeant and Supply Officer, H. W. Jones; Staff Ser-
Detail Officer, W. R. Staff Sergeant of the
Music Detail, A. R. Balitz; Staff Sergeant and Personnel Officer, C.
form an impregnable corral deep ill the tropical forest. Then the. datives with drums and shrill shouts stampede the herd of about forty elephants into the enclosure, which is securely barred and made f&st with the aid of bonfires placed at intervals along the twenty foot
fence.
Males Areji’t Trustworthy Only female elephants are kept for domestication and training, since the males are not trvKfcworthy. With the aid of decoy elephants, the selected ones are herded out to be shipped to the United States for exhibition at zoos and
circuses.
Buck showed pictures of himsdlf beiijg attacked by a python which
grasped the man’s forearm in his mouth. Buck severed the sn^ikq’s spinal cord with a bullet and the hold relaxed,‘however, he explained that the next couple of days were spent picking tiny, sharp teeth out
“Pygmy Deer, Favorite” The mouse deer or pygmy deer is Buck’s favoi'ite wild animal, since it is so trusting, and small, characteristics seldom found in the jungle, and is the prey of the entire
animal population.
In an interview preceding hfs stage appearance. Buck, who nmd^
L. Hcpimer; Staff Sergeant and abioad in 1939i ^i4
Publicity Officer, R. A. Chapman; Staff Sergeant and assistant Mili-
tary Officer, R, A. Vining.
More Names
Sergeant, Assigned to Headquar-
students who wish to use them as ters Office, I. J. Gross; Sergeant, a guide in selecting an organized Technical, Detail, H. W. Jones;
activity in which to participate. The Bureau is also responsible for freshmen interviews, which will begin within a short time. Freshmen, Sophomores Both freshmen and sophomore workers will be eligible for junior offices. The Bureau meeting will be held three times weekly during the
summer.
If interested w&rkers cannot po§sibily attbnd the callout meeting on
Sergeant, Equipment Detail, J. L.
that our armed forces are
in the hilly, semi-desert country in northern Africa, the climate ef
which is much like that of west Texas. The only jungle
ing going on is that in Guadalcanal and New Guinea, there the army is attacked by hordes of iit-
Snyder; Sergeant, Chair and Rack sects. Battles could never be eMt-
Detail, G. E. Mariani; Sergeant, Percussion Detail, R. A. Henley; Sergeant, Quarters Detail, J. L. Shelton; Sergeant, Supply Detail, C. H. Cosand; Sergeant, Music De-
tail, M. D. Reed.
Corporal, Supply Detail, R. F. Harrer; Corporal, Percussion De-
nied on in the dense jungle whbre wild animals live, and even if sotdieis did appear there, the jun|4* life would retreat farther into the wood so forces in Afrdca do not encounter ferocious creatures. Crossed Pacific 45 Times ;{■ Li the last thirty year's Buck hltSl crossed the Pacific forty-five tim,08»
tail P, W. Whear; Corporal, Music
Detail, C. T. Harmon; Corporal, and has traveled the globe ft,do*^
Monday, they should see Marge Quarters Detail, A. W. Johnson; times. As a result of these trip® h# Libbert, or any of the other officers, Corporal, Equipment Detail, F. K. has been the first man to t^npto who will inform them of the out- Bass; Corporal, Chair and Rack De- the United States many of the come of the meeting and of the tail, J. H. Gramelspacker; Corporal, est and most interesting plans for the comings semester. Publicity Detail, W. R. Sedlacek. that have ever been exhibited hOXdt' ■■
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Photic 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
RonOMiry Editor Honorary Editor..^ Honorary Business Mnnaaer. With the Colors
....William G. Hoskins Dale E. ButJt .Gerhard M. Klouman
EdN«»ir Business Manaecr aS%i,.r..r Adveitiking' Manager.. Sparta Editor Coed Editor
... Robert W. Boswinkle James G. Petty Sally B.eall Donald E. Brevter A. Jane Kein;i. Joseph S. Dawson ....Jean Lauer
h.
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
,e Editors: H, B. Abbett, C. C. Martindell, E. F, Murphy,''4iitv H. 'IVson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Staff: Ruth Ford, Madclyn Grutnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: K. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Soward.s, S. A.
Watson.
Business Staff
ASsiata^.^ve>iisinK Manaeer: C. L. Gaunt.
lAyoOtSpir^tor; J, B. 'fabb.
CircalatiOii Manager: R. G. Saucrman.
Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
The Purdue Independent \ Edltor-iihChief. Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martindell
Day Editor: Ford
Reporters: Jameson, .Ward, Speck
Erb, Roll.
Sports Editor; Lipes Given, StcfF(*s, Kropf,
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at' the Special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, act . of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published' on Tuesday, Thursday hud Saturday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.00 for a semester. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Mine Fields Find No Labor Shortage
During the past sevei’al weeks, the coal mining industry and the United Mine Workers Organization have been in the public eye because of the threatened strike in the coal fields of the nation. Although we are in no way taking sides with Lewis and his organizatioiij we do feel that there are several points in favor of; the miners which have been overlooked by the newspapers and the radio in their attempt to stir up public opinion against the proposed .trike. In the first place, coal mining is diffei'ent from most war industries, in that each of the coal miners works on an individual basis, buys his own dynamite, rents or buys his own lamp, and provides the tools which are necessary in hi? work. This places the coal miner on a comparative basis with a carpenter who might be hired to build a house and removes the miner fi'om the ranks of ordinary day laborers. The carpenter .will not build the house without a contract and neither will the coal miner work without a similar agreement. This partially explaihs why the coal miners threatened to quit after their wage contracts ran out last month. Coal rnining is also peculiar in that there are apparently more miners than there are mines; consequently, many miners are not employed during.th.e. full course of the year. In the past, the millers have worked on an average of 200 days |ier year which is approximately 150 days shori of A full year, Under the increased demarids of war time, the mine operators estimate that they will be able to give employment this y^r for only 288 days which is still short of fulltime ernployment. This apparent surplus oplabor is important because it means that th^ miners are not able to take advantage of the|iktra pay given for overtime, because there Pf no extra work beyond the standard 35 hoii^, .week. If the operators haxe extra work, they merely hire additional laborers and thus aypid the payment of overtime wages. The ^istory of the coal mining labor situation sh^’ws that a strike has appeared approximately;fevery two years because the wage contracts >which were negotiated at that time were a^ays a source of disagreement. At the same lilhe all available statistic.s show that these strikes have not reduced coal production because the time lost by strikes was merely" Absorbed as a part of the time that the laborers would normally be laid off because of surplus labor. The only difference seemed to be that the miners instead of the operators were picking the time of their layoff. Although a strike at this time would certainly be undesirable and very injurious to our war effort, it must be realized that thei'e are two sides to every question. Through the newspapers and radio, the American people have bdfen presented with only one side of the argument and are inclined to condemn the miners and their organization without first investigating their case. Before wo judgment on the coal miners or before we maki decisions in other controversial problems, it might be well for us to examine both .side of the question and at least give the underdogs a fighting chance to prove or justify their position.—-d.e.b.
Prince Hubertus Loewe.nstein, an Austrian nobleman with a Ph.D. from the University of ■Hamburg and' an authority on the fascist state,*iis a vimting professor at Hamline UniVersit^.,.
I y: D R E W ' %E A ft-S Gen. Eaker, U. S. Air Commander In England, Finishes ExpeH^iaMi^; Is Ready To Plaiy Poker Wi|h Hitler WASHINGTON—Before the summer is oyer, Adolph Hitler will know that he has a tough poker player to deal with. This is more than a figure of speech. Major Gen. Ira C. Bakei', Commanding General of the Eighth U.,S. Air Force, in England, is not only a top-fighting flyer, but also the best poker player in the Air Corps, He knows when to fold a bad hand, and when to stay in to the finish. This summer, with more air power than any other American officer ever commanded at any time or place, Gen. Eaker will stay in tof;he finish. And he firmly believes that the blow he in- , tends to deal will be decisive. For months he has been fighting for more equipment, and now he is ready to fight with it. Until now he has had so few bombers that, the number has been a strict military secret. But beginning now, he is , getting SO many bombers that it’s much more of a secret. There is a lot of guesswork about where the Allies will stage an invasion of the continent—and when. But there is no guesswork about Gen. Baker’s invasion. He has now finished with experiments, and is ready to supplement the RAF raids by putting great formations of American bombers in the air, three, four and five times a week. He is prepared to carry such destruction to factories and rail lines on the Continent that Hitler’s troops cannot move from one place to anotherr Eaker finishes Experiment's Eakei- says that the Vegasack raid pulled the trigger. That was the end of experiments. It’s now clear that the Amei'ican method of daylight high-altitude precision bombing is a success. The case is proved, and from this point forward the method will be applied with the skill and ruthlessness which Baker himself personifies. ■ Eaker is one of the most offensive-minded men in the Army. He would rather use his last plane and his' last pilot in attack than to resort to sqfer tactics of defense. , On day last winter he received a message from Washington asking if he wanted anti-aircraft equipment to defend his airdromes in England. His reply was—“Use that shipping space to send me more stuff ' and more men to fight with.” He runs the U. S. ir show from England with the same offensive tactics he uses in his poker game. He is rough. In pre-war days. Jack Garner, champion paker player pf Washington, learned those tactics, to his sorrow. And more recently, Lt. Gen. Carl Spaatz has learned some of Bakers’ poker. There is no penny- . ante about it. Eaker has his enemies in the Air Corps, largely because he has passed them by. Or perhaps becaiise he has broken them. Once he discharged a fighter pilot from the service for failure to open his canopy in a forced landing. Policy Is Reletif-less Eaker is indifferent to popularity. Tn fact, he distrusts officers who are conspicuously popular, fearing they will dictate fighting policy according to humane considerations. Baker’s policy is relentless; it may be hard on his men, and most of them think he is tough, but it’s harder on Hitler. Eaker had hoped toget a fighter command, but in January, 1942,' Gen. H. H. (Hap) Arnold called him into the office and offered him the bomber command. Eaker replied, “But I have been a fighter pilot all my life!” To which Arnold replied, “This bomber command needs some fighter spirit in it.” He arrived in England February 20, 1942. Since then he has never had a day off, and,he has worked under constant pressure with an avei’age of five and six hours sleep a night. He has laid out the elaborate plans for the Eighth Bomber Command, which is now assuming large proportions. For all his poker playing, however, Eaker is no gambler. He plays his hunches less than his wits. Trick Foils German Deteefors Gen. “Hap” Arnold put those wits into play when he made Eaker his executive in the office of the Chief of Air Corps. Thus Eaker was “in the engine room” of the big expansion program. Arnold now admits privately die couldn’t have done the job without Eaker. In England ,though forced to be an administrator most of the time, Eaker couldn’t resist the temptation to go along on the. first big American raid last August 17. His group came back without losing a single plane. On this flight, he conceived a tricky device to avoid German fighters. He sent out a couple of decoys which threw the Germans off in a direction far remoyed from the principal flight. The decoys flew back and forth across the Channel, confusing the German radio detectors, while the main formation of bombers, taking another eour.se, got all the way to their target without meeting a single fighter plane. It was not until returning to England that they encountered “the Jerry”. When Eaker climbed out of his plane, ilowsinen said, “Did you lead the.flight, General'?” “No,” he said, “I mei'-oly went along as an observer.” But newspapers described him as having led the flight, and many a rival officer, reading the story, accused Eaker of being a publicity hound. Cigar Object'Of Volley Ball Eaker believes that every Air Corps officer should keep fit for flying. In England, he suggested that officers quit work at 5 p. m. and take exercise before dinner, ljut only one or two showed up for exercise, so Eaker demanded 100 per cent attendance on penalty of having to run down a steep hill and dash into a cold ci'eek at 6 o’cloi^k in the morning. His own favorite sport is volley hall, which he plays Avith a lighted cigar in his mouth. The principal aim of his opponents is not to throw a ball he cannot catch, but to throw a ball which will smash that cigar against his face. They boast of having succeeded more than oncCi Rumor has. it that the General sleeps with a lighted cigar in his mouth all night, but the Eighth Ail- Force admits that the report cannot be proved. ' From the first day he arrived in London, Eaker has been fighting for more equipment, but until the last few weeks he didn’t get the results that he wanted. Though a large American force was accumulated in England last summer, a considerable number of planes went to North Africa for the invasion. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Bounding over the cornstalks we spy a threshing freshman, flitting flutteriiigly from spot to spot, with vacant visage in a complicated condition. Approaching this excuse for a student, we tenderly inquire, “Can we help ?” He cringes; then perceiving our pleasant pan, he pounces upon us with anxious interrogations and in ten minutes the Music Hall is in the Union tower somewhere, and elevators are plainly to be seen in the main lobby of Stanley Coulter. Leaving the floundering frosh more cour fused than formerly, we diverge from such frivolity and get down to the dirt of the day.
, Few people gave the Russians much of a chance agaihst the Germans when they invaded Russia in 1940; and when t^ie Russians started their attacks anew last year it looked as df' the Russian that Lenin had founded was doomed to defejat. The Gormans, as everyone knows, did achieve victories,.but in their final atteihpt for complete control over European Russia they were'stopped. People had ’ ''v . ^
MAD HYSTERIA!! ’Twas a very dark night and over the stately Pi Phi mansion the moon was shining brightly. Inside the walls the inmates were preparing to tuck their lily-white bodies in bed, when suddenly the night air was rent with piercing screams and frantic shoutings. Eyes bulged, and forms could be seen rushing madly about with ballbats following the gleam of the Ever-ready. One of the more delicate personalities fainted dead-away. Finally'the police arrived on the scene to apprehend the culprit who would presume upon the privacy of these poor “defenseless” maidens. Some of these last even joined in the “hunt”. But chalk one up for Peeping Tom; he got away with another one.
not given up the idea that Rus- light before Jong, sia could be licked early in The Dutch government in London ,, ' has ordered the foivmer soldiers ot 1943, but as the summer ^^ders months' begin to corns on it that the occupation a u t h o r i t i es seems clearer than ever that force upon them. The Germans the Germans have lost their ability “protectors” of the Dutch peqple to wage a war on the scale that have already brought under close they have used in the past two sum- protection some 15,0000 the 400,000 mers in Russia. The G er m a n s former Dutch soldiers that are in might and will gain victories but Holland,
none will even approach |heir past
JUST CAUSE THE GUY PLAYS TENNIS WELL— '“It was oh the tennis courts that I first realized that I loved him dearly,” sighed the delirious little lyre, Caroline Hyman, as she dusted off her brand new pin. “He really plays a mean love-game. What a stroke! Besides, the Alpha Chi and Phi Psi pins look so well together.” At this, pinman, Rog Monahan could only blhshingly stammer: “Aw, gawsh!” But just between the few of us, folksies, there is a little number at DePauw who is going to bo mighty wrought up at this news. Oh, well, we all take our chances, so best wishes you two, that’s a nice combination.
Speaking of taking chances, “Sunny” Slielby of the Belts, took his when he pinned his hopes on Kappa cutie, Patty McKnight, when the Army got him last December. The litlp sunshine girl spent all of last semester having-fun-but-being-faithful-to-Sunny-boy. Many a young stalwart was cast aside to bask in the good light of the “Sun”. But she reckoned without the Sigma Chis and the entrance of the.mighty “Beaver” (Bill Steck to you), and it was not three weeks from the time of that first fatal meeting that the. laurels were cut down, and Patty was, and still is, wearing Beaver’s Sigma Chi pin. Maybe this one will stick. Maybe. Another but older Kappa-Sigma Chi combination has just been made official, and Biid Ulrich has accomplished the impossible by planting a diamond on the invincible Rose Mary Luber’s third fingei-, left hand. Many happy returns. (See RATIO, page 4)
victories.
X-X-X
John L. Lewis still refuses to assume his rightful part in the labor negotiation concerning the United ■.Mine Workers and the soft coal operators. And this fact seems to he wonderful proof that Lewis considers his own interests before he considers those of his miners. He is acting like a spoiled child wliat has been deprived of his play thing. The members of the UMW should begin to open their eyes and realize that they arc just a means for the gaining of an end for Mr. Lewis. The CIO realized this and took action. The UMW will,' it is hoped, see the
UNDER THE SPONSOllSHlP OnHE "NATION’S *•**■ ’*“*
STATION
THIS THEATRE JOINS INtA 50-city WOSSLD PREMISRf , OF the YEAR'S GREAT OllftlVlA OF DEFIA[jQ£;
POSITIVELY LAST TIME SHOWN IN . LAFAYETTE!
Now you con *00 tho son* sotionol picture based on 'the book that shocked the ' world-^GREGOR ZIEMER’S education for OEMH.'f'
From the best-seller and os told to millions in READER’S DIGEST.
sTlW HOLT • BONITA GRANVILLE • KENT „ SMITH • OTTO KRUGER • H. B. VVARNER and ] LlOYD CORRIGAN • ERFORP GAGE • HANS CONREID GAVIN MUIR • NANCY GATES ' j Produced by EDWARD A. GOIDEN • Directed by EDWARD DMYTRTK. . Screen Ploy by Emmet Uvery ^
DONT MISS THIS
r/
PLUS-
SUNDAY - MONDAY
ARC
'SHADOW ON THE SAGE" "VOICE OF TERROR" SERIAL — NEWS
LAST TIMES TODAY
LynA
TODAY and TOMORROW fim
PLUS—SECOND HIT EXCITING THRILLS! Tberami
LAST TIMES TODAY GENE AUTRY
'BOOTS AND SADDLES A RE-ISSUE —-PLUS — LOUIS ANDREWS
STARTS TONITE 11:15 P. Me Tickets on Sale 10:30 P. M.
l4FR!/SgTf£
„,tJU'«»-9.7ln '111®
M, Bro')4''l “a ooroO'f .(ou
ft ^
'J AWI N T E-
-.O'-’-
"ooH'i"
A
OBB'S
I't
iiiiA
^pgrts
Pam^
TtNMIS TEAM TANGLES y^lTH HOOSIERS
HERE TODAY
DIAMOND SQUAD OPENS, BIG TEN SCHEDULE TODAY
Riveters Display Baseball, Track, Tennis Talents
Phillipsmen Host Today In 4-Way Track Meet A fouT-way track meet, featuring squads from Chicago, Indiana and Northwestern, in addition to the Riveter squad, will start at 2 o’clock this afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium This meet will be the first and last home apeparance of the Riveter
team for the season
'Indiana’s squad is favored to carry oif top honors in the meet m view of the fact that
Irving Boim
they were victorious in a sixway conference meet at NorthWestern last week However, their squad has been weakened
the high huidles Hlad foimeily wab a student at Michigan Noimal Indiana’s squad will be headed by the Saban biotheis Mike, a
by the loss of Harry Price, a ashman, will entei the discus ^punter, and a highly piomising thiow and Lou will entei both the fK-pBhman middle distance lunnei, shot put and the discus throw. t)op Quelloi Puce was victoi in the Boilermaker Squad Small quarter mile lun last week and Coach Heiman Phillips team will ■Qupllor was victorious in both the be composed of just nine men, all
bRlf'tmle and mile lun Whity Hlad To Run
Ijieadbhei of the meet will be Iqpjf-legged, blond-haiied, Whity Hlad who Will be heie with the Chi ca^o team Hlad is in training at the IVttUoon institution as an army m^teqVology cadet, but competes With ijhe Chicago team Those who saw the Pm due Relays will lemember Hlad’s performances m both hql'dld events as well as in the dashes. At the piesent time he is cof-jioldei of the world’s lecoid foi
that aie left out of the 12 men that weie^outfoi tiack last fall Leading this gioup IS Ken Haivey, a spiintNoithwestein has entei ed an 18 man team, headed by Don Buffmiie of football fame Buftmiie is entei(Td m the bioad jump and the 100 yaid dash Students will be admitted to the meet on presentation of then schedule caid If the weathei is bad, all field events will be run off in the Fieldhouse Otheiwise the entiie meet will be held outdoois
Indiana Net Squad Plays Here Today On Varsity Courts
V BW" 1 ''‘“’f-
See
4^6 MAiN
DEWENTER'S
416
MAIN
“She falls for an^ man who wears an Ariow Tie!” Nothing looks so well on a male chest as an Aiiow Tie. Allow ties aie bias cut foi perfect-knotting and wiinkle-iesisting. The fabiica (whethei khaki, black, oi ciimson and gold) aie top quality, the kind you find in moic expensive ties. Bo suic to sec youi Aiiow dealer today' $1, $1 50. ARROW
SHIRTS ■ TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS ■k BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS k
..-Will be on the mound in one of todaj’s games
IM Schedules
Frateinity Tennis Singles Monday, May 10, 4 30 Couit— 1— Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Up silon 2— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Nil 3— Phi Kappa Psi vs Kappa Delta Rho 4— Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Sigma 5— Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa 6— Alpha Chi Rho vs Beta Theta Pi 11— Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Delta Theta 12— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Sigma Phi 13— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha 14— Sigma Pi vs Beta Sigma Psi 15— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Tau Omega 16— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Iheta Chi 17— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs liiangle
Coach Laiiy LaBiec’s tennis squad is scheduled to face Indiana’s netd:eani at 2 o’clock this afternoon on the vaisity couits noith of the Fieldhouse A tenative lineup for the meet has been drawn up by Coach LaBiee with Ed Wells playing in the nlimbei one spot Wells is the only veteian of last season’s squad to letuin foi play this season Following Wells in the lineup is Goidon Giffoid who IS playing nvlmbei two In the number thiee spot is Nate Laskin, who has just recently finished spring drill with the football squad and has had baiely sufficient time ^to woik into top tennis foim Voth At Number 4 Following Laskin, and at the number foui spot, is Howaid Voth Bill Easley is slated to play at numbei five and possibly Fiank Biandle will play in the number six position Theie aie seveial other men out foi the squad who aie likely to displace some of these men, oi who will take then place in case of then absence Doubles Pairings In the doubles pan mgs. Wells and Gif fold aiq listed the numbei one team, and Laskin and Voth compose the numbei two team Due lo the fact that many students have to leave school without much notice. Coach LaBiee has his fingeis classed that he will be able to put these men in action tomoiiow Howeiei, he does have enough matciial to take caie of a lew vacancies Today’s meet is the final one scheduled foi this season, with the exception of the Confeience Meet to be held April 13 14, and 15 at Noithwestein 18— Sigma Chi vs Delta Chi 19— Delta Tau Delta vs Acacia
-^WANTED— Sfudertf- Switchboard OPERATOR Complete board tor 20 boms per week. Operatoi can si udy part time. Apply at once to V. L. Oveiman, Caiy Hall South.
’S-uUmtiL Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
REMEMBER MOTHER WITH FLOWERS Wire Them! Fresh hoiitfucts, corsages, or pottcil plants can he delivered any place by using our convenient lelegrajih service, (^IoaL JItTwiL
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
Baseball Michigan
Team Meets In Twin Bill
... IS scheduleti to hurl one of the games this afternoon.
Illinois Has One Man Team In Herb Matter Heib Mattel, the Univeisity of Illinois “one man gang” has scoied the impiessive total of 112 points m foul dual meets one tiiangulai and the indooi confeicence, not to mention his peitoimances in lelay meets ’fhe slendei, cuily haued junioi fiom Napeiville last Satuiday scoied 21 points against Michigan, ndooi and outdooi champion Pievlously his points weie as follows Minnesota Chicago, 22, Indiana, 24, Michigan State, 8, Puidue, 24, mdooi conieience, 13 Relaj Achievements Mattel’s achievements in relay
Fiateinitj Tennis Doubles Monday, May 10, 6 45 Couit— 1— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma 2— Phi Kappa vs Beta Theta Pi 3— Phi Delta Theta vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 4— Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Sig ma Phi 5— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi 0—Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Pi 11— Theta Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 12— Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi 13— Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu 14— Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Tail Omega 15— Sigma Nu vs 'Iheta Xi 16— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau 17— Tiiangle vs Delta Chi 18— Acacia vs Sigma Chi 19— —Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon If by any chance you cannot play youi match as scheduled, please contact youi opponent and make aiiangemontb to play at anothei time
Yesterday afternoon the weatherman could not see fit to have the Boilermaker baseball team open its Big Ten schedule, so a doubleheader has been scheduled with the Michigan Wblverines this afternoon starting at 2 on Ross Field Coach Dutch Fehnng is expected to call upon Ed Misselhorti to hurl the opener against the Wolverines, at present le^dihg the league with Wisconsin, m —
with only Hesse a converted outfieldei to woik behind the plate Claseman is the third of the Boilei maker diamondmen to enter the aimed loices via the ERG afflce the semester staited a little mdie than a week ago Hank Stiam was the fill at to depart, leaving the tetun aftei the double headei with St Joseph last Satuiday Strap! la scheduled to lepoit to Ft Benjanim
Haiiison this morning Ehlers Also Drafted
Last Monday, Hd EhleiS, the slugging thud stacker, received hts 01 dels to leport on May 15 However both he and Rogei ClaseliisUl will lemain in the University until after the letuin game with Wabash next Tuesday Ehleis was lesponsible for two of the Rivetei victories thus fai this season by his timely hitting In filling his position Fehnng will call upon a fieshnlan fiom Cincinnati, 0 , Jeffry Janotric, loi the lemaindei of the season In the second contest this afteinoon either Ed Timm, a newcomei to the squad, oi Iiv Claseman, ,a mmoi letter winnei last season, will get the nod to take the hill against the slugging Wolveiines, Foi Michigan Iiv Boim will probably take over the mound duties in the final game of the senes SWRnson lb slated to do the receiving*in both games foi the Wolvetntes while the catching will piobafaly^lw divided^ between Claseman ifid Hesbe foi the Boileimakeis, ^
Riveter Infield
The Rivetei infield will consiSt,b£ —
hopes of giving the Riveters their fourth consecutive vic-
tory of the season.
Michigan is expected to coun-
ter with Mickey Fishman
Roger Claseman Gets Orders Anothei blow to the Riveter hopes was received yesterday when Roger Claseman of Clinton, la , re ceived his oideis to report to active duty with ERC Fehnng felt that his catching problem was solved, but the call of Claseman leaves him
meets were as follows
Puidue—Tied foi second in high
jump ,
Illinois Tech—Second in high jump, tied foi second in pole vault, ran on spnnt medley team which
placed second
Chicago—Tied foi fifth in pole vault with 13 feet 7% inches Drake—Tied for first m pole vault, second in broad jump, laii on spi mt medley team which placed fiist and on 440 yaid team which
placed thud
Baseball Schedule May 10—Purdue at St Joseph May 11—Wabash at Purdue. May 14 & 15—Purdue at Illinois. May 18—Butler at Puidue. May 21 & 22—Purdue at Wiscon-
sin.
June 4 & 5—Indiana at Puidue June 11 & 12—Purdue at Ohio
State
The SfioJdJu ix)aj)SL
Bob Stenberg
By Joe Dawson
Indians Doing O. K. Fiom the looks of the Ameiicaii League standings to date, it seems as though the Cleveland Indians piofited from then biief tiaming peiiod here last month even moie than most ot us expected At this eaily point in the season, Lou Boudreau’s hustling ball club is the only outfit in the league to stand within gunshot ot the supposedly depleted and washed up New York Yankees While the team was training heie, Bond iGiu announced much to the amazement ot most prominent baseball men, that the Indians were the team to beat this yeai There aie still a lot of ^allies to play j-et, but young Lou may veiy piobably show ’em that he knows what he is talking about when next Septembei loils ai ound Pitchieig Staff Best In League The Tube pitching staff light now cqn match anything in either league Jim Baghy, who already has chalked up three very convincing wins, IS about the hottest huilei in baseball today Men like Al Smith, Mel Harder, Chubby Dean and W Milnai could rate “Big Four” with any team in the Aimiican League Six loot, seven inch Mike Naymiek has been on the mound only as a relief huilei, but the big lookie has looked good in both appearances so fai Heath Leads Hitters Most eveiyone, including ouiselves, figuied that pooi hitting would prove to ho the downlall oi the Indians At that time Jeff Heath was still a holdout Now, with the poweiful Heath batting m the cleanup spot, the entile team seems to have become mspiied, so that in the 14 games to date, the completely awed mound staff has been getting plenty of support Against the White Sox the othei day, Jeff ciacked out thiee doubles himsell—ju§t think what that would have meant had they been using the old ball , No Weak Spots Now At the beginning of the season Boudieau had plenty ot tiouble fiiuhn,„ a fiisi baseman and thieo good outfieldeis—oi should we s iv, thiee outfielders, peuod’ Ott Denning has lelieved the fiist base pioblem tonsideiably, while Hockett, Edwards, Heath and Cullenbine have com pletclv wiped out the second The only drawback is that Edwaids his been awaiting call to the aimy since the fust ot Apiil Yes it looks like the Cleveluul Indiuis ue the team to beat m the Americin League Our Mistake Claude Rceik is not the tennis coach as we eiioneouslj and toolishb silted in Fucsilaj’s 1 xpontnl laiij LaBiec has loi several >tais and piobably will ioi some time to come coich the Boileiniakei netteis Oui apologies to both men Ihc onl\ excuse we have to oftei toi this blundei IS that it the time we were listening to the linish ot that 11 iruiin., C'ub Cardinal game Chico Hcuiaiule/ had just batted in the wi'^Uuig uii»
. will be at second bRSe tpt Michigan m todaj’s games.
——r—5 Jennings, Iimshei, Buighardt, ikiitt Ehleis, with Duity Fiiencl, W^iight^ and Mai tin oi Buigei patroUilig the outei gardens Michigan vpill have Wateihouse ^n fiist, Stenbaijj: on second Wikel at shoit, and Blanchaidt at thud base Wt^. Lund and White will be in the held toi^the A.nn Aiboi tune ’ t The piobable batting oideis for the games today follow
PURDUE Fiiend It
Jennings lb Buighaidt, s->
Ehleis, oh Wiight It Innsht i, 2b
1 Mai tin 01
Biugei, ct
R Clast man Misstlhoin, p
MICHlk^N Stenb€a!gE> 2b Wiqae, If Blanthq.isr, 3ft Whitec it LupA, c£ Walteihonn^j^ Wikei, ^ Swansea, c Fishta4il/<tt“
Bow,if «-V?f'/,'?, 'f - > ^1 ^ V Ps^3
' *' i I J rf"
PuriJue Exponent
Saturilay, Maf 8, 1943^
QjfL JfuL QJflWtchsiL
Ag Extension Staff Takes Over Farm Labor Direction
PURDUE CHRISTIAN FOUNDATION In the Lafaj'ette Church bldg., 6th & North St. 9:30 Student Class. Harriet Reynolds will speak on the subject, “What About God?” This is the second in the series dealing with heart searchings, theological questions which are bothering people these dajfs. Tell your friends about this series, and bring them with you. Installation service of all new officers. 1040—Church Worship Service. The ReV. Doyle Mullen’s sermon is entitled, “The Church and the Modern Home”, celebrating the Festival of the Christian Home (Mother’s Day). Rev. Mullen is well liked by students who come to hear him. At 131 S. Grant (half block from the Union Bldg. 6:15—Fellowship Supper. 5:45—Forum program begins with recreation. Discussion of such questions as “How do we know there is a God?” will begin at 6:30. The Candle-light vespers service will begin at 7:15 and close at 7:30. The rest of the evening is yours for study.
University Church North Street near Grant John W. Finley, Minister Bill Morgan, Choir Director Virginia Brantine, Organist Student Class at 9:30, directed by G. H. Graves. Morning Woiship at 10:30. The pastor’s theme will be, “The Kind of a God We Woi.ship.” The choir will sing “Holy Art Thou,” by Handel. At 5, the Sunday Evening Club will meet at the church and hike from there to the picnic ground hack of the stadium. Should the weather bo bad the group will remain at the church for supper and A, program.
West Lafajette Baptist Church Corner of Chauncey and Columbia Rev. J. B. Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students 9:30 A. M.—Roger Williams Foundation Class Hour. The regular church school lesson will bo taught. '10:35 A. M.—Morning church service honoring all mothers, past, present, and future, and those who have sons and daughters in the service. Sermon, “The Christian Family in War Time.” Mother’s Day music by the choir Director Ivah Gruver Price; organist Mary Louise Reppeit. 6:30 A. M.—Fellowship hour and supper for the boys. “The Problems of Men in Wartime” will be discussed by the minister. All service mep are cordially invited. (.The girls are invited to Cynthia Jones Hall for a Mother and Daughter banquet.)
Chief problems to contend with on the Agricultural campus this summer will be the organization and administration of faim labor in the state, and the national food production problem, which is centered in this, the chief growing area of the United States, as well as the normal instruction program for a reduced number of students, according to H. J. Reed, Dean of Agricultiu'e. Labor Under E.xperinient Stations Under an act of Congress recently passed, farm labor in each state will be under the direction of the state extensipn services and personnel for the direction will be furnished by the extensoin staff here. Commenting on the food situation, Dean Reed stated that it is bad, and that the cooperation of everyone available will be needed to harvest even a normal crop this year. Due to the lateness of the season, Reed does not expect our crop yield to, in any way, reach the proportions of last year’s record harvest, and that next yea(- will, in all probability, be worse. . Members of the teaching staff not needed for regular instiiiction nill be used for the most part to help with the food production pi oblein, said Dean Reed. A fair number of men were taken by the aimed forces at the end of last semcAcr so that the ranks of staff inember.s arc also depleted. Used To Meet Farmers Needs Men in extension will bo used 'or the most part in the o'ganization of faiin labor fo meet the needs of the iaiineis so that all available non-faiin voikeis, high school boys and womei may be utilized to harvest this year’s ci op. Regular projects of the oxpei iment station will be kept i-' progress throughout the summer hkRiding a number of leseaich jobs being conducted on behalf of the war effort. /
Pro/. Henry Heine
J-oUowimp JhsL J'OumhjtionA,
Lutheran Students Our first social gathering of summer session will be held at 626 N. Ninth St., Lafayette, Sunday evening at 7:30. The committees have been changed and we now expect some novel entertainment. Picnics, hikes, etc., will be included in our plans. Take the Monon Shops Bus to Jefferson High School. Your destination is now just acioss the street. We also piesent you oui cordial invitation to attend chinch at 10:30 A. M. each Sunday morning.
Senior Women Mi.ss jAIargaret G. Bulmer, Air Ser\ice Command Headquarters, Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio, \\ill be on campus to intern ie\i women for «ork as operators and supervisors of I. B. M. equipment in the Air Service Command. Any one interested should call Placement Serv ice for Women (2935) by 10 o’clock Monday morning. May 10. —Coolidge
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: S y 1 v a n i a Electric Products, Salem, Massachusetts— May lO. Interested in EE, M E, Physicists. Douglas Aircraft Co., Inc., Santa Monica, California—May 12. Interested in A.E., M.E„ E.E., C.E. Curtis s-Wright Corporation, Passaic, N. J.^—May 13. Interested in August engineers. Dravo Corporation, Pittsburg Pa. —May 17. Interested in August M.E., E.E., C.E.
These companies do not plan to vdsit the campus; however, they arc interested in students for employment. The Monarch Machine Tool Co., Sidney, Ohio—Interested in ME not eligible to draft. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, May 8. McDonnell Aircraft Corporation, St. Louis, Mo.—Interested in Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, May 8. The Elective Sprayit Co., Sheboygan, Wis.—Interested in ME, EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, May 11. Barber-Colman Co., Rockford, 111. —Interested in EE., physicists. Battelle Memorial Instilute, Columbus, Ohio—Literested in Ch.E., Met. E. Sign by Saturday, May 15. Stinson Aircraft, Wayne, Micnigan—Interested in Enginceis. Sign ))y Saturday, May 15. .Sharpies Chemical Inc., Wyandotto, Miciiigan—I ni c r o s t c <1 in M.E. Sign liy .Saturday, May 15. Reynolds Metal Compan.v, LouisvUlp, Kentucky—Intc.'cstcd in i\Rt. E., E.E., M.E. Sign by .Satuulay, May 15.
Piacemera^ Notes For Womera
... of the School of Pharmacy, who is on leave in IVashington, with the drugs a'lcl cosmetic-, section of YPB, will be one ol the speakers Monday at the Pirh annual business confeioiice foi Indiana druggists which vrill be ’a .e, sion Monday and Tiicsdcy at the Univeisity. Heine will (bscr", legulations from IVPD.
National Conference
... on Family Relations announced recently rhat Howard E. IVilkening, coordinator of mairiage courses ar the Univei’sity, wms made Associate Editor of Marriage and Family Livdng, a publication issued by the conference. Dr. Wilkening is also Director of Research and in charge of a new department of the journal called Reports on Research.
THE BSG BROTHER ACT
Christian Foundation A deputation team from the Christian Foundation, consisting of Don Aper, Bob Grey and Morlin Reed will go to Pine Village Sunday evening to read the candle-light 1 woivship service. Movies showing activities of the Foundation will be shown at the service.
WAA Will Hold Callout Monday
the
WAA ba,seball call-out for summei teams will be held Monday, May 10, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. Coeds, as well as CurtissWright Cadettes, RCA and Wright Field gilds, are invited to participate in the summer’s activity.
“'I'he Human
- J. Mickc) Uooncj goc.s through his morning c\Cl CISC III ijiiT AiLtiiimi Later in the season, to serve the Comed.v,” now at (he Lafayette 'rhca(ie. His (ive-ycar-old screen brother, convenience of a greatei numliei ,(rccklt‘-laeed Jack .lenkins, seems (o eiijoj Mickev going through his of persons and to piovide a coolei paces. liieideiUall.v, Jack is the sci ecu’s newest (iitd. .Son of Dm is Ihidlej, sport, evening games may be sched- linn star, he gives an inspiring iierlm mance as Hie kid who wants to know
"Mhf?” to everjHiing he secs or hears.
They Sing Your Victory Tunes
Gill Scouts announce a IJSOO c'r .31000 sciiolai ship lo a woman inteieRcd i.i Vvoikiiig on her mastoi'.s de'M'co and who does bci fi( !<! won: in the Gill Scout oificc. Ain one inteiested should call Placement .Service for Women, 2.9.35, at once for fuithcr informalion and details. hRsi^ Glj lys Eenz, .associate Directo. of Clinical Xui.sing E lucatioi, Ru sell .Sago College, School of Xin'snig, Troy, Xcw York, will be on campus Satuuhwly, i\Iay 8, to Intel view stuftenl-, iiitcrc‘''tc.l in making nui.-,iiig their caieei For fiuther information and appointments call Placomeiif Service I'or Women (2035) lieiore 10 o’clock Satuiclay moining.
Take these lovely and talented vocalists from the “Half-a-hundred Pennsylvanians” heard each Monday through Friday at 6:00 p. m., CWT, over WLW in Fred Waring’s “Victory Tunes” show and what would yon have? You’d have Donna Dae, Daisy Bernier, Ruth Cottingham and Jane Wilson, but Waring would be lost even with 46 of the crew left in his famous musical organization. Don’t you agree?
Ratio
(Continued f om pa^o 2) TO DOC IHLLER It ill-, bec.i Slid K.it (' c ol' tlic leatc I ei his head on you. dicst to listen 10 yo'u. r.ea.t a..lccp.
Former 4-H Club membeis and other University students aie invited to a get-acquainted party Wednesday evening, May 12, from 7:‘10 lo 9, in the Union. The state 4-H Club staff and the Folk-a-Whirlers aie sponsoiing the party to enable former 4-H’eis in this teim’s freshman cla.ss to meet each ether and upperclassmen who w'ere club moinbers before they came to the Univeisity. Get acquainted games, ciiclc mixers, 11.0 Viiginia leel and other activities popular w'llh 4-II Club pieinbers will be on the cnleitainment schcclulo. Dr. Z. M. Smith, associate stale Club leader, will make a brief statement concerning the 4-II coun.se'ling seivico which is available to students. 'Thei e will he no admission cluii gc to the paity. All foimei 4-II Clul) membeis at the Univeisity are coidially invited
Pepsi-Cola Company, Long Island City, N.Y. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers
Sigma Alpha A4w
AWS Executive Board! MectinK tueBday, May 11, at 7 ;15 p. m. in the AWS office. Vxisjli
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following qew officers: Prior, Stanley Hirschlield; Exchequer, Stanley Lowy; Recorder^ Paul Smithsori; Historian, Robin Padorr; Assistant Exchequer, Ernest Gordon; Alumni Recorder, James Jacobs; Pledge Counsellor, Oscar Smukler; House Manager, Richard Preskill; Athletic Manager, Ephraim Litterman; and Correspondent, Ted Kline, "v They also announce the pledging of Herb Given, Harold Cohn and Nat Rivkin, of Chicago; Sigmund Kupferberg, Jersey City; and Lionel Minnen, Cape Girardeau, Mo.
Skull and Crescent: MeetinB in room 807 of the Union Wednesday, May 12, at 7:30 j,_ —MARWOOD
Alpha Phi OmcBa: There will be important businefe meetiiiK in room 301 of the Union at 7:30 p. tn., Tuesday, May 11. Election of officers and refreshments are on the program. Please he preBeiit and piompl. --KUUK
Women Students: All those interested in joining the YWCA stop at 'the offioo between 1 and '1:.30 on Mondays and Tuesdays. Two semesters for
WAA Baschall: Callout for baseball at the .Women’s Gymnasium next Monday, Mur 10, at 4 p. m. —RUSK
Catalyst Club: Impoi-tant business meeting in Chem. and Mol. building, luesday, May 11, at 8 p. m Election of secretary, discussion of pledging and ^LS^mbors please be present. ■—BADGER
Debris: Editorial Junior meeting Monday at .1 p m. —WISKE
Notices
Tee Gee Club: Moctinff Tuesday, May 11» at 7:30 p. m.. in rom 261 of the ynlon. Plan for picnic. —LEUTY
Glider Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 11, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. —SALISBURY
Ex-Cary Club Men; Who have lived in Cary Hall for four or more semesters, and arc not organized, may make application for Associate Membcibhip in Cary Club to Jim Bowen, Room 430, CKS. —LOWEN
IRC: The next meeting: of the International Relations Club will be held Tuesday
evoniiiK, Mnv lUfit in the University
riKL. This is a reading meeting.
Churcli Lounge
-NORDLINGER
Secretaries of Honorarics and Organizations: Please bring your copy lor >our page in the Debris to the Debris Workshop immediately. If you have not been contacted about’your copy, iiloase call at the Debris ofTice at once. — RENTSCH
Union Juniors and Cnpobmores: Please report to rooms 230 and 257 to work on the Stiivknt Book Exchange from 10 a. m. lo 0 p. m. evciy week day until May 12. > —GEE
Classified Ads
Machine Design 11, 05, 06: Make-up exams for removal of condition will b“ given c\l Saturday, iVkiy 8. at 1 p. m. in loom 30n. Noilly me (I ^(n^ intintion to Lakt test piioi to Saturdov - AUL?
Typewriters; Adding maemnes, all makes Bold, rented lepaired and purchased. Mimeograph woik done. C. J. EbersholT, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phono 2779.
Mone> to Loan: On diamonds, watchefl, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Oil ICC, 407 Columbia.
Registration V/oikeis: Sli'(l«'ii( , \ W(ikudforth» R(gi liai du’Mig (1 <> buuii Tiim Hi ui’^ti aMoii nu i tldMii 1h ii du b\ tailing ;t tlie Utgistiai’s Olfici’ - b'iOrN
1)0
Wanted—Studf nis to deliver Purdue Exponent. Appiv Exponent ollitc or call R. G. S.iuti man, .575 K
T’nion Board: In'poiliut (la>. M<!> 11. c L p 1,1
I H .{— Loe log Duplex Dc citrig .slide rule. L.iW il No)(l toiin on case and lulc. Rew.wd (’ !1
i LhsI--DIael. b »ll i Inllffjld (‘onlaining
NcMman (lub: 'I h (n d\tnf«ntnl> Im - )) pfis \ iluabl lo owner only Reward,
fa-'l ol the m -t I \m11 }\ h M b'un {.t\ i'li ok. 5 1*2
M.'i> 0, in St M'liv’s ^ul{ LoAum \,1 ( ; th-
Hi\ il' (I lo attiml
I/osf R.ii-Ban n.i glasses in brown loath-
K(waul Call 315
T(ME OUT TO DELIBERATE
llic clo^.vi. V.ilO'C.sR c'lon a'.d tlu’.T f. kt.
r.cai ei'-citumciil: vent, rn in I'lo iN po Gf’i.c tl o ol'\c' ailo .I'.o.i when f’M 0, Elaine Miren^ biouuiii ;i..)i’i(l he 'i uve. A 'ueiiL al 'one of inspection v.as untie) tal cn, and altoi h<..iii.>, ia,,ped liiir'-clf a’ iimd seveiai Ij pc'.v 1 itoi s and ^iifte/ed the ciitu .1 c’.’e of tile entuc Exponent foice, Hie nen comer made hasiy tiaci. tow aid the nearest exist, and it was (leeitled at once that they wei e pia !e fo. e; Xi oihcr. Conlusmq place, this.
s.u' soul who calls him'.cl! Expe.icnctd contiihi.ted tliir> one; iMen have many faults Yhsmen have only two— All that they saj — And eveiylhiim' they dol!
As good and evil suno-and ‘‘Rochester,” he takes time out to think about hi.s future in "('abin in the Skv,” now plajing at the Mars Theatre.
SCIENCE PEEKS The guy at the ciieus the other day who jumped 50 feet into a six-foot tank of water has nothing on our editor who dropped 12 stories into a v\ astebasket!!
Mother’s Day Sunday, May 9th
GREET MOTHER WSTS”! A DAINTY GOWN
ran
'Kaalti
So .soothingly soft, you'll find them taking the place of your pet sleep-inducing system They're so lovely to look at, you'll hate to turn the light out' on them. Wo call these knitted Jersey gowns softies, but they're just the opposite when it comes to wear.'
(Left) (Right) PRINCESS GOWN of ray- SOFTLY SHIRRED GOWN on Stryps won- ^ pa ^ayon Petalskm*, (kf deriully flattering. ‘’t-.Olil dainlv and aracet.,!
Palais Roi^al
5?
Sft