■Vf- 9 ^ >*7^
( t
'''^“^_^’'*i'7;v'^‘|'^ ,7 . V \'j, / y ' “!
^ SororifieV Pledge But Withhold Names—Fair I and Warmer Today.
f Purdue Exponent K-ifis BHi
No Game Today, So Ghro A Listen To Cani|>ifs Varieties Over WBAA.
Volume 52. No. 35
West Lcii(ptyette. Indiana
Saturday. October 19. 1940
Triad ’Conscript’ Dance Features Levant’s Music
No Names (An Editoi^al) Last night co-ed rushees attended preference dinners at eight campus sorority houses. Today they are pledges. Their names have not appeared and will not appear in the Exponent. Up to five o’clock last night we on the Exponent had planned to print the pledges’ names, but a last minute Pan-Hellenic rule prohibited the release of the names until a later date. Thus the news story that was to complete the annual co-ed rush period did not break. Prior to this morning, stories have appeared almost daily. The Exponent looked on co-ed rush as news. It was. The publication of the names this morning was to end this “important” bit of news. The paper has been well aware of the numerous faults in co-ed rush. The co-eds themselves are aware of these faults. It was to remedy one of the major faults, that of injured feelings and pride, that the Pan-Hellenic Council ruled that the names would not appear in this morning’s paper. Co-ed rush has become one of the major “activities” for coeds on the campus. We agree that emphasis should be turned away from rush as much as possible. To the six thousand or more students who looked forward to seeing the names of sorority pledges in this issue of the Exponent we say that we are sorry we are unable to produce them. To the Pan-Hellenic Council we say that we hope? that the absence of names of pledges in this issue of the Exponent will be another step in the continued decrease in the imperfections of co-ed rush.—J.H.McK.
McIntyre Band Will Play ^Rumba M/xer’ Melodies
Learn The Rhumba
Phil Levant
Couples attending the Annual Triad dance tonight held by Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Kappa Sigma, and Sigma Phi Epsilon will dance to the music of Phil Levant and his orchestra. Featured feminine vocalist Will be Gale
Robbins'who has been chosen by several prominent igrtists and photog- - « raphers to be the perfect model. Another^ vocalist will be Don Gordon, Instructor: Bauman
baritone. The theme to be carried out in the South Ballroom will be that of a “Conscription Dance.” Admirers of Phil Levant and his orchestra will remember that only recently he has completed engagements in the
Bismark Hotel and the College Inn in Chicago, man.
Campus Varieties Opens Season With
CANCELLATIONS Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should do so before Saturday noon, October 26th. Cancellation cards are obtainable from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Dean of Men.
Dr. Elliott Will Speak At Bevis Inauguration Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, will sp6ak on the problems of higher education at the banquet during the inaugural program of Dr. Howard L. Bevis as president of Ohio^ State University. The inauguration proceedings will take place in Columbus, Ohio, on October 24 and 26. President Elliott will not only represeijjt the University at the inauguration but he will also act in his official capacity as a representative of the American Land Grant College Association, d.t.b.
The Night Editor's Corner
As Was To Be Expected ... we had our usual Friday afjternoon argument right on schedule yesterday afternoon. Last week it was with representatives of the Activities Bureau. Yesterday it was the Newman Club. Strange as it may seem, it is much easier for us to explain our journalistic “ethics” to the publicity agents of these and similar organizations than to other members of their staffs. Their “press agents” seem to realize what we are up against, but not so with the others; they just don't take “no” for an answer. If they were to step into our shoes, they would soon find out what we have to contend with, w.e.h.
Sears, Roebuck Gives School Of Agriculture Thirty Scholarships
University School of Agriculture has ^received 30 scholarships, totaling $3,676, from Sears, Roebuck and Company to be used by University agricultural students during the current school year, V. C. Freeman, associate dean of the School of Agriculture, said last night. Dean Freeman went on to say that 19 of these scliolarships have already been awarded to freshmen agriculture students. These scholarships are of $160 each, the recipients having been given $76 to date and will receive the other $76 during the second semester on th^ basis of this semester’s grades. One $200 sophomore scholastic award will be made, also. Dean Freeman said, and will be made on the basis of character, grades, activities and distinctive achievement. The Sears, Roebuck and Company fund will also provide scholarships for nine or ten $60 scholarships to be awarded to students in the annual 8 week winter course which will open on January 16 and close on March 12. “Plans are now being made to award these winter-course scholarships to Indiana farm boys,” Dean Freeman stated. He contin\ied, “Scholarships that were awarded to University agriculture freshmen this fall have been given on a competitive basis,” and asserted that the scholarship holders were chosen from a much larger list from all counties over the state. In speakingfurther of the scholarships Dean Freeman said, “These scholarships have been awarded on the basis of high scholastic standing in high school, evidences of outstanding community leadership work, and actual need of^ financial aid in order to attend college.” “In that way, these scholarships are different from most others awarded in the University, as they are not totally on a scholastic basis, but also on 4-H work, and rural community activities,” Dean Freeman stated. j.a.p.
“The fhumba is very popular back in the East and it’s about time it came to Purdue,” says Bob Bauman, dance teacher for tonight’s mixer and erstwhile Buffalonian Bob and his partner, Florence Kroll, are going to do their best tonight to bring it here, and introduce some new steps into the campus dancing. “The rhumba is a practical step, and we’re going to try to teach it for practical use her,e at dances on the campus,” Bob said when asked about his plans. “During the short time we have we’ll just be able to teach one basic step and three or four simple variations. That will be enough to give everyone a lot of fun, though, and it should introduce some variety,” he continued. The South American numbers for the “six lessons” will be played by Wayne McIntyre and his orchestra from Terre Haute. Bauman, himself, will be remembered by students for his training of dance numbers in “Of Thee I Sing” and “Sweethearts.” He also was PIA dance class instructor. His.skill at such tersipchorean endeavors comes from extensive professional training, j.
h.a.
Sirloins Sizzle As Sixty Ags Attend Steak Fry Sixty agriculture students and staff members attended the annual Ceres club steak fry Thursday night at the grove of the soils and crops farm on the outskirts of Lafayette. F. E. Robbins of the Agronomy department was in charge of the arrangements. He was assisted by Carl Johnson, Ag ’41, president of the Ceres club, and Harold Creeclu Ag ’41. Touchball, baseball and horseshoes provided entertainment for the picnickers after the steak fry. d.t.b.
New Style Program Premier broadcast performance of the 1940 Campus Varieties series of Saturday afternoon programs will go on the air over WBAA from the north ballroom of the Union this afternoon from three until four. Irv Given and his “Music as You Like It” band, which is just completing a week’s engagement in the Union cafeteria, will be featured. I The style of this year’s program will be different from those of previous years. Instead of having just one personality on a show as before, there will be four on each program. Betty Erick, Joyce Burnham, Bill Pall and Dick Pittenger will be featured regularly. A new instrumental group, the “Aristocrats of Rhythmn,” will play on the'small musical combination spot. WBAA Discovery Don Brinkerhoff, a new WBAA discovery, will offer something different in impersonations; while Charlie Powell will be the program’s r..gular soloist. The script 1? tO be written by Gordon Griffin. Due to the remaining schedule of football games, the first regular performance will be presented the Saturday following the Indiana game. Any talented persons interested in appearing on the program should go to the WBAA office in the EE building, as a variety of new personalities will be presented each week along with the regular cast.
Wayne McIntyre
Wayne McIntyre and his Indiana Statesmen from Indiana State Teachers College will play for the regular mixer tonight in the north ballroom of the Union from 9 until 12 o’clock. This band plays at dances on nearly
all of the larger campuses in the state.
Bob Bauman, director of dances routines for many recent University productions, and Florence Kroll will give instructions in dancing the rhumba. This is a special feature of the dance and everyone is invited to take part in it. The usual one dollar admission charge will prevaiL e.w.m. CMi«g CM Plans BghtFilePdiliOlB
Hike ToCaryCamp Purdue Outing club will take a bicycle hike to Cary Camp tomorrow. The cyclists will leave from the front of the Armory promptly at 10 a. m. and will return before dark. A picnic lunch will be served at
noon.
Bicycles may be rented at special all day rates. All those who intend to rent bicycles should make reservations with Phil Bartelt, phone 46982, or Marjorie Ward, phone 41111, before Saturday noon. r.t. i Delta Rho Kappa . , , science honorary, announces the pledging of the following students: J. A. Bierlein, Opal Bla^ave, George Buntin, Florence Justin, Arthur Carler, Douglas McDaniels, E. W. Patterson, Mildred Owens, Chester Reigle, C. J. Strikler, J. W. Whitney and E. N. Cowan. According to John Oswalt, president of the organization, to be eligible a student must have been distinguished for four successive semesters. The initiation will take place on November 6. r.l.w. '
Red Cross Workshop Will Hilperf, CAA Student, Made Stay Open Tuesday Nights Flying Cadet In Air Corps
University Directory — Student List Copies of the proof of the complete student list of the University Directory are posted in the lobby of the Executive Building, first fioor, and are available at the Reference Desk in the Library and in the Union. All students are requested to check that part Qf the proof which concerns them personally, and, in case corrections or changes are necessary, call at the Registrar’s office and report the necessary changes. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
The Red Cross surgical dressings workshop, room 67 of the Union subbasement, will be held open on Tuesi day evenings, beginning October 22. The additional time is scheduled for members of the Business and Professional Women’s club and University co-eds. ^ The workroom, in charge of Dr. Louise J. Meikle, has just completed a quota of 17,000 surgical dressings and will start in a few days on another quota which is to be finished within two months. r.s.k. Communion i . . . for Newman Club members will be held tomorrow instead of the usual third Sunday of the month because of Homecoming. Mass is at 9:30 a. m. at St. Mary’s. Breakfast will follow immediately after the services, a.r.w.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Ben Johnson, Louisville, Ky. r.s.k.
A. L. Hilpert, Bloomiilgton, 111., a junior in mechanical engineering, received an appointment Wednesday as a flying cadet in the U. S. air corps and is now training at Randolph Field, Texas. While at school, Hilpert lived at the airport, was a member of the Purdue Glider Club, and one of 20 students who took advanced CAA training this summer. Professor Ewing ... of the school of Electrical Engineering is to serve on three national committees of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, according to word received from the national secretary. Professor Ewing will be a member this year of the Committee on Power Tiansmission and Distribution, Committee on Electric Welding, and the ^Committee on Land Transportation. At the present time. Professor Ewing is in Ada, O., attending a meeting of the board of trustees of Ohio Northern University, of which he is a member. j,h.a.
For Green Pollers; Election Tuesday Eight men have submitted petitions for nominations in the Green Potters election Tuesday, October 22, according to an announcement by the Student Senate. The polls will be open for voting to any freshman upon presentation of his pass- ( port at the election desk in the old west desk niche of the Union between the hours of 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. The men whose petitions have been received are: Bob Clifford and Peter Schwab for the office of president; Jack Harris and Bob Bachmann for vice-president; Robert Isacki and John Houston, Jr. for secretary; and Fred Meyer and J. Lewis Gardner for treasurer. The Senate wishes to call the attention of freshmen to the fact that they must present their own passports in order to receive a ballot. A further announcement states that campaigning by candidates near the polling place will be prohibited. The election is sponsored by Skull and Crescent and will be conducted by members of the Student Senate. d.t.b. ROTC ... cadet officers will hold a smoker in the north ballroom of the Union, Wednesday, October 23. The smoker, in honor of the junior officers, is held annually to further relationships between the junior and senior officers. r.s.k.
Correction In the story in yesterday’s Exponent covering the Board of Trustees meeting-it wps erroneously reported that Allison E. Stuart, Lafayette, was appointed to the hoard this-summer to succeed veteran member J. A. Htt* lenbrand, of Batesville. The correct information is that Stuart, who. was appointed to the Board this summer, was named director of the Ross-Ade Foundation to succeed Hillenhraii^ u hoard member fw nmny years, who asked to he relieved of this extra duty. d.t.b.—
’.r' "J"',
■A I I
‘fifes t „ , p "f ' nf r - w' ' n' , ,
r *!?*■ tf
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 19, 1940
Jii
Today we are forgetting the world and its wars and its politics. Today we are going to tell a story. About the Exponent. For tomorrow we move into our new offices. Into our bomb proof shelter in the sub-base-ment. With the ventilating equipment.
Way last year the Union decided they needed another lounge. But they couldn’t find any place to put it. Except in the Exponent offices. Sooooo. They said, “Here are the keys to room 48. It's downstairs.” We took a look, And shuddered. Reminded ns of the black hole of Calcutta.
They said, quote, “nice huh.” We said, quote, “hell no.” We talked. They promised us everything from blonde secretaries to Heavilon tower if we would move. So we said, quote “Okay.”
And today we’re moving. But not into the black hole of Calcutta. There are three shining offices. For the editors. With glass windows so they can watch the staff work. And vice versa.
The Purdue Exponent Kntered as second class matter at the post ofBee in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, aet of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday' during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief. — ..B. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor.. - — J. H. McKee Managing Editor... D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Kuffner, K. M. Skallerup, J. L. TraUgott. | Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, E. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Bectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor . „. . . Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor. . . . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heaton Ass’t. Night Editor: Jones Night Sports Editor: Adamson Sophomores: W. M. Clark, J. H Armstrong, E W McCullough, D. T Brophy, R. S. Kolb, A. Worsley, M. McHaffie, E G. Kieper.
WBAA
SATURDAY
11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood—soprano 1)11:30—Musicals Round-up 12:00—^Woman Shopper 12:16—^Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Music Without Words—Mildred Johnson 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club 2:16—^Alberta Schmadel—soprano 2:30—Saturday Afternoon Music 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Ball game Saturday, October 19, at 1:16 p. m. Meet at the south end of the intra-mukal field. —mangos.
Freshmen Engineers: All students assigned to engineering lectures will report to Fowler Hall Saturday, October 19. —KNAPP.
Scriveners: Meeting on Sunday, October 20, at 7 :30 p m. in room 261 of the Union. —RIEGLB.
Student Senate: All members and workers s^gn up in Senate office immediately listing free hours for work on Green Potter’s election next Tuesday, October 22. —WALLEY.
New furniture is on the way, A huge semi-circular copy desk stands under two of the latest type flourescent lights. A little paint and a little plaster and it looks like home. You can almost hear the presses rumble and the night ed shouting, “copy!” All this. And a couple of acres of concrete left over to hold skating parties on.
everyone to come see us. Not that they haven’t. The subscribers, I mean. We know them all personally, almost. As they drop in periodically.
WAA Speedball,Players: Schedule for the class team games: Freshmen vs Juniors, Tuesday, October 22; Juniors vs. Sophomores, Thursday, October 24, and Sophomores vs Freshmen, Tuesday, October 29 —STEIGERWALD.
TO SEE WHY IN THE %&- DON’T GET THEIR PAPER.
-$” ’($-^%!?** THEY
Engineer Staff: All members of both the editorial and business staffs please meet in room 366 of the Union on Wednesday, October 23. It IS important that you be on hand promptly at 7:30 p. m. McELROY.
Which reminds us. We got plenty of room now. For
We look like a newspaper now. Makes us want to cry. But all we can say is. “Thanks, Val.”—dkh
Senior Military Students: Training films covering horse and mechanized cavalry in action will be shown Monday, October 21, at 4 p m in room 105 of the Armory. Attendance voluntary. —WORKMAN.
Aifss Ruby F. Clark
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives Tuesday, October 22, at 7 30 p. m in room 263 of the Union for election of pledges. —MONTGOMERY.
... associate professor of institutional management in the school of Home Economics was elected vicepresident of the 6th District of Altrusa club at their last meeting in Peoria, 111. Miss Clark has just retired from the office of District Treasurer. This election makes her a member of the Executive board of tie district, t. b.n. '
The new high speed light developed by Dr. Edgerton of Massachusetts Institute of Technology permits an exposure time of one 30thousandth of a second.
All Cheer Leaders: Check on scholastic index at once. Men and women both and bring results to me. —ZUCK.
Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kraybill, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. Chem Engineers: Membership cards may be obtained in Prof. Shreve’s office in Chem and Met Building. —MASSEY.
All Bicyclists: All day ride to Camp Tecumseh Sunday, October 20. Get your tickets before 6 p. m. Saturday from any of the following: Vem Vanderbilt, 8446 ; Frank Witford, 6086; Wilford Bartelt, 46892; Esther Weed, 36772. —VANDERBILT.
Activities Bureau Staff: Meeting of junior and senior o cers Saturday, October 19, at 1 p m in the Union office. —WALLEY.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, October 21, at 7 :16 ‘p. m. in rodm 806 of the Union Pledges report at 7:46 p. m. —BOHLIN.
Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, October 22, at 8 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —STEVENS.
Ceres: Meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 22. —JOHNSON.
Senior Military: Training films covering horse cavalry and mechanized cavalry in action will be shown Monday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in room 105 of the Armory. Attendance is voluntary. —MAJOR WORKMAN.
Kappa Delta Pi Pledges: Secure your mimeographed historical material in room 107 of the Education building immediately. There will be a test on this next Thursday, October 24 —MONK.
Classified
Ads
FOR SALE,
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Report to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER.
Activities Bureau Staff: Meeting of all senior and junior bureau officers Saturday, October 19, at 1 p. m —WALLEY
Picture-Takers: All who have interesting pictures taken at Fort Knox this summer number your pictures and leave them in my box in the Armory by Tuesday, October 22 'They will be placed on exhibit at the smoker on Wednesday, October 23. —NORQUEST.
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives, Tuesday, October 22, 7 :80, for election of pledges. Meeting will be held in room 263 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Purdue Engineer Workers: All workers report at the office at 4 p. m on Monday, October 21. —GALE.
* Dance Club: Due to convocation the Dance Club will have its evening rehearsal Tuesday, October 22, at 7 p m. in the women’s
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars.for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Typ®vrriter8 and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Camera Club: No meeting this week due to change of schedule. Tanco to speak next week on “Portraiture.” —TOWLE.
Mortar Board: Put addressed invitations in wire basket in WSGA office. Get key at West desk. —TERSTEGGE.
Room For Rent: Clean and desirous room and board, only 1 block from the campus. For further information call 66014.
Rooms in new insulated brick home. Private entrance, single beds, tiled shower. Reasonable. Phone 2148.
Undergraduate Dames; Rough initiation will be held at the home of Mrs. H. S. Gerstung, 140 South Salisbury st., Tuesday, October 22, at 7:30 p. m. All eligible are urged to attend. —GERSTUNG.
Lost: Sigma Nu pm engraved F. E. L. BZ ’89. Reward. Call Laramore 8444.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met Engineering magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: John
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
INVISIBLE KILER — WITH-l. ROLAND DREW GRACE BRADLEY —AND —
'BULLET CODE'
— WJTH—• GEORGIA O'BRIEN
ALSO-
ADDED
FIRST RUN NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAYRADIO RANCH CONVICTED WOMAN BETTY BOOP
Starts TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY-
★ * * THE MOST BRILIIANT ROMANTIC COMEDY OF THE SEASON!
FRANCES ROBINSON VIVIENNE BERNARD TOM OSBORNE * NEDELL ’ DUGAN
ADMISSION
ALL SEATS 19, 'TILL 2:00 P. M. AUL
TAX INCL.
- 2:00 P. M. I'D Closing MAIN FLOOR (Tax Incl.) BALCONY (Tax Incl.) CHILDREN (All Day)
44c 33e 15c
Stag^e Shows at— 2:05-4:40-7:15-9:55 LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 9:55
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lithty
“I always stop at railroad crossings—^you never know what these crazy locomotive engineers might do!”
gym. The regnilar afternoon rehearsal for old and new girls will be Monday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in the wonien’s gym. —SWOPE.
in room 232 of the Union. All members must be present. —WIST.
Purdue Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday, October 20. Party will leave Armory promptly at 10:00 a. m. and return before dark. Bicycles will not be furnished but may be rented at special rates. For reservations call Marjorie Ward, 41111, or Phil Bartelt, 46892 before noon today. —PARKER.
Radio Club: Meet Tuesday, October 29, instead of Tuesday, October 22. Same program will be presented as planned. —REYNOLDS.
Scriveners: Important business meeting Saturday, October 19, at 2 p. m. in the Scrivener office. Everybody attend —METZ.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to engineering lectures report to Fowler Hall Saturday, October 19, at 8
-KNAPP.
Sophomore Co-eds: Fuller, Howard, Beuchele, Nitsche, Fantone and Fox please come to work at 1:00, this afternoon. —MILLER.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Ball game Saturday, October 19, at 1:16 p. m at south end of intramural field. —MARQUIS.
Roger Williams Club: Baseball game Saturday, October 19, at 1:16 p. m. at south end of intramural field. —COSTER.
Military Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting on Monday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —MEESE.
Pi Tau Sigma: There will be a meeting of pledges Monday. October 21, at 9 p. m.
—TODAY— — DOUBLE FEATURE —
WAYNE MORRIS PRISCILLA LANE In BROTHER RAT
— PLUS — The Lady's From Kentucky — WITH — GEORGE RAFT
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
jack"’"' . BENNV-BENNETT
Starts TOMORROW
la aoeh ethar** onadhay found Ilia ttronolh to build for Otar, ally Iho groat
democracy that It ourt today I
CARY GRANT MARTHA scon
fm "THE TREE OF UBERTT* kyEHuketh Pbbs *8ereenpi«f
LUMA
SUN. - MON. — 2 HITS
The Cisco Kid
featuring CESAR ROMERO Sheila Ryan Chris-piii Maitia
ALSO-
LAST DAY—2 HITS ROBERT MONTGOMERY in "Haunted Honeymoon" — ALSO
THREE MESQUITEERS In 'Oklahoma Renegades
ft
til!If
j ^ J ^
Saturday, October 19, 1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Riveter Cross-Country Machine To Battle Ohio State At Columbus This Afternoon Engaging Ohio State this afternoon at Co^mbus, the Riveter cross-country teain will be shooting for its second straight victory and a chance to establish an edge over the Buckeyes in dual competition, this being their initial meeting. -...!. Tied Last tear
Bowling StAlistics Purdue University Stuff Bowlintr League October 7-H, 1940. High Teatti Sets Anilmal Husbutidi^ . 2696 General Stores •SSj§ Physics Be07 Agr. Bngr .......2602
High Team Games Animal Husb General Stores ... ... ... — Physics Agr. Engr.
920 911 892 878
Hoefer Pifer MUnger .... Stuckey ....
High Itid. Sets
648 586 ....668 .664
Hoefer ... Pifer Boach . . White, J.
High Ind. Games
W.
247 .236 217 . 211
League Standing
Agr. Extension .. J. H. R. P Horticulture 1 .. Animal Husb. . . General Stores . . Executive 2 poultry ■Speech
Agronomy
Won 7 .. 7 .. 7 ,. 7 . 7 .. 6 ... 6 ... 6 .. 6
English 6 Agr. Engr 6 Dairy 2 6 Chem. Engr. 6 Agr. Chem. 1 4
Dairy 1
Agr. Chem. 3 4
General Engr.
Union ^ Physics 4 Agr. Chem. 2 4 Farm Mgt 4 Civil Engr 4 Executive 1 3 Mech. Engr 8 Chemistry 3 3 Chemistry 1 8 Chemistry 2 3 Elec. Engr — 2 Horticulture 2 2 Biology 2 High Team Set To Date— Animal Husbandry High Team Game To Date— Animal Husbandry High Weekly Individual Game— Hoefer
Lost 2 2 2 2 2 3 3 3 4 4 4 4 4 6 5 6 5 5 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 I ' 7 7 7
2696 .. 920 . 247
High Individual Sets To Date Hoefer 643 Stuckey 698 Fifer 689 High Ind. Games To Date Hoefer 247 Pifer 236 Lohker 226
ANNOUNCING ....
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads
WHETHER IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE
You’ll be certain to contact yonr better market through the new classified ad i columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at the Business office 312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
the Purdue Exponent
Meridian A. C. Meet ConfeieilCC H«,ec«iei,T«i„ EiKountets Head
Lest yeBT’s conference meet saw the two teams battle to a draw for third place. The Riveters will have thlff in mind also as fhey toe their marks this afternoon. As usual, the Boilermakers are counting heavily on their ace, Ed Holdernian, who has been taking the role of mainspring in this 1940 machine. Performances of the past week indicate that the rest of the Bftst will hold tip their end in the struggle. Besides Holderman, those making the trip are Jarvis, Marozick, Reeves, McLaughlin, Stanley, Appleton, Shulman and Jentsch. Coach Herman Phillips and assistant Homer Allen accompanied the squad on their first trip of the season, e.c.y. Dr. Cecilia Schuck ... of the University Department of Foods and Nutrition will attend the annual convention of the American Dietetic Association in New York City, October 21 to 26. Dr. Schuck is president of the Indiana Dietetic Association. She will serve as the state delegate to the convention. Plans are being made for a dinner for alumnae of the University attending the convention, to be held on Wednesday evening, October 23. Miss Dorothy Bryant ’38, now located at the Presbyterian Hospital in New Y6rk City, is in charge of the arrangements, r.l.h. Phi Sigma Kappa . . . will hold an informal house dance tonight. Music will be furnished by radio and records. The dance will be an open affair. f.i.j.
Meridian Athletic Club, composed of junior high school youths and coached by i Kendrick E. Paxton, PE ’41, will meet the Howe Military Academy football feam this afternoon on the West Side ikeridian
Field.
The game, starting at 2 o’clock, will be the' fifth dontest of the Season for the local gridders, as they have defeated four teams already on their surge for the Indiana State Junior Football Championship. Last week the club defeated the Morgan Park Military Academiy at Chicago, 41 to 0. j.a.p.
IrulinaR’s Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan The longed and hoped for trip to New York by our band has apparv ently fallen by the way-side, while the bands of Indiana and Texas Christian cavort to the Empire City every time their football teams appear in the East. We know this kind of a trip can’t be done every year, but I thought that since Indiana had made the trip with both football and band organizations twice in a row, that maybe Purdue could kick 'through just once. Oh well, this is a conservative school, anyway. —I-I— Purdue’s practice field has really taken on the experimental appearance, as Coach Elward tr3rs desperately to find men who can play man football for sixty minutes. Purdue’s defense, so popular throughout the football world up to this year, has been passed and run into a virtual coma by enemy trick formations. -1-1— With Bob Kersey on the side line with a serious elementary blood clot on his left leg, three sophomore quarterbacks, Smerke, Cary, and Schnider are being groomed to fill the blocking back’s job. -1-1— Smerke is a new name to fans, but this kid from the Texas plains is as smart as a tack, and although lacking in blocking ability, he’s an asset in brains and defense, Schnider is a blocker de lux, and Cary is a good all-around back.
Today's Grid Card Eight Big Ten teams will swing into furious combat, today, before a week-end horde of rabid pigskin rooters who will be crammed into footbnll galleries sprinkled through out the Mid-West.'The four “best bets” of the conference will play games that can only be described as their acid tests. The four crowdarousers which will vie for headline honors in tomorrow’s papers are the Michigan-Illinois, Minnes-ota-Ohio State, Indiana-Iowa and the Northwestern-Wisconsin games. Storm Clouds The storm clouds that have been gathering lOver Bloomington, Indiana, the home of Bo McMillin’s squad of Hoosier gridders, will be released with all of their ominous fury when the two-game losers from Indiana will tangle with a powerful batch of Hawkeyes. Of late, the wrath of the Hoosier rooters has begim to fall about the ears of the team which made such poor showings against Texas and Nebraska. The criticism which found a voice in several anonymous letters in the Indiana school paper has aroused a fighting spirit in McMillin’s boys that has reached such proportions that the Iowa outfit may find itself facing a tougher team than either Texas or Nebraska faced. The dopesters of the nation have shown an inclination to lean towards an Iowa victory because of the strong runhing and passing attack that the Hawkeyes’ have shown in thjs year’s games. Randall Field in Madison will be the site of one of the day’s best games, for it is here that the Wildcats from Northwestern will attempt to stave off a Badger upset such as the,one that spoiled all the chances for the Purple’s coping of the conference crown in 1938. Although the boys from the land of milk and cheese are still a little groggy from last Saturday’s trim-' ming at the hands of Iowa, there is still plenty of potency left in Coach Stuhldrdher’s squad. 75,000 At Ohio The first sellout in five years is expected at Ohio State where 75,000 fans will fight their way into the Buckeye’s big/bowl to witness a Gopher invasion by a team which isi playing its first conference game. The championship of the Big Ten may be hinged on this game because both teams are known to have power and speed in abundance. In the case of Minnesota, the victories over Washington and Nebraska have proven the presence of that strength while Ohio State’s sub-calibre showings leave much to the imagination.
Voinoff Needs Players For Left Guard Position By JOE DOLAN Wanted: One Purdue male, possessor of a soph., jr., or senior card, who is willing to take a chance at becoming Jim Miller’s assistant in plugging up the left guard position in Purdue’s line. You ask, “Where’s the rest of the available men for that position; doesn’t Mai have any underdogs?” The answer is, he used to have ’em, but now they’re physically incompacitated.
George Paskvan, Badger’s bonecrushing fullback, is one of the main reasons why the local line coaches have particular cause to worry.
The Gophers are in the best physical shape because of the open date that they enjoyed last Saturday, and the experts are giving them a slim edge over the Buckeyes, mini vs. Harmon Last year’s Michigan - Illinois game was the upset of the season when the lowly Illini showed Harmon and company that all that, doesn’t glitter isn’t lead. Today, the Wolverines once again enter the tussel in the role of top-heavy favorites, while Illinois fans sit back and pray for some mirac^le that will again spell disaster for Michigan title hopes. j.a.f.
Neither the Iowa nor the Wisconsin football team used a single huddle in their game played at Iowa City October 12.
Although seven touchdowns were scored when Wisconsin played Iowa at Iowa City October 12, neither team converted a point-after-touch-down. Score, 39-12.
look!
YOU ARE ALWAYS SAFE WHEN WEARING AN AETNA HAT A new hat to you absolutely free if you're not entirely satisfied with its becomingness and quality. Try on an Aetna Hat at your favorite men's wear store. Aetna is made by Lee of Danbury, mffkers of the famous Lee Water-Bloc Hat at $5.00. Also the Danway for the young fellows at $2.95 and Lee Hats for Boys at $L95 —$2.95 and up.
The LEE-EDGE
•DOMAIN sr. ^ ctaniES SHOP INC.
First, John Brown, an understudy of Miller’s, took it on the lam via the injured list. Then the giant tackle, Wes Stephens, received a tackled shoulder, and just when he was beginning to show signs of pleasing Vionoff's (he’s the guard coach) eccentricities. You’ve got to give our varsity coaches a plug for trying, because two injuries didn’t jinx them; maybe they thought the third attempt would be the charm, but the old superstition failed, the third attempt flopped. Ewell O'Bryan, heretofore toot'n good sophomore tackle, was moved over to the left guard spot, and Bang! Ewell can not be found in the Sweet Shop, nor on Ross-Ade field. Reason, he got himself in the road of a ball carrier, but wasn’t in position for that kind of contact. Now we have eliminated three of Voinoff’s unsung force, and we now have a paucity of reserves. Sophomores Take Over There was an unprecedented scrimmage up there on the practice field last night. Dr. Miller Wasn’t standing by with an ambulance corps, but I imagine he was dam close to a phone. Sophomores of all sizes and shapes were playing on the first team. Eight Of ’Em On the very, very first team, eight sophomores were razzle - dazzling themselves through some upperclass brothers—^who used to be “regulars.” Tex Smerke, a smart sophomore quarterback who can call ’em according to football’s encyclopedia, is getting a chance at the quarterback spot, while will-o-de-wisp halfbacks, Carter and ]^erto, both sophomores, are playing a lot of initial team football. Both youngsters were chiming in with a great deal of harmony to Elward’s new passing attack, featuring mile-a-minute passes. The WPA Boys Up in front, doing the dirty work, were a couple of new men, King and McCaflery. Both lads are tall and lanky, but lack the experience to give Rankin, Rush, and Combs seasoned assistance; therefore, Mai is giving the pair plenty of scrimmage. At present it looks as if Combs and Petty are the only persons sure of a starting position.
WAA News
The WAA speedball class teams are playing after school twice a week with a regular schedule. The freshman vs. junior game will be Tuesday, October 22; the junior vs. sophomore game on Thursday, October 24 and the sophomore vs. freshman game on Tuesday, October 29. Those playing are: Juniors — Mary Pidgeon, Joan Modisett, Marjorie Veager, Eleanor Harrison, Opal Blagrave, Kate Murphy, Alice Collings, Juanita Kersey, Anna Scheiver, Martha CuHop. Betty Vaunice, and M. Hohnkans. Sophomores—Joy Wampler, Jean Steigerwald, Ruth Walker, Jane Blai^, Jean Lucas, Buth Stephenson, Janet Burton, Nancy Cooper, Helen Jean Widdzmr, and Maryr Jane Geyer. t Freshmen—^Elizabeth Baughman, Betty Sexton, Betty MUler, Betty Bemis, Marcelle Arndt, Margaret Meltzer, Helen Houston, V. Kmser, Harriett Campbell, Doris Compton, ‘ and G. Galloway, ajr.w. joliii Wheelor lii|iirci<| In Equestrian Accident John W. Wheeler, Crown Point, member of the board of trustees of ,, the University, was unable to attend the regular quarterly meeting of the hoard Thursday because of a broken leg he received a few days ago when the horse he was ridbag plunged against a post. Wheeler wns formerly chief of the state highway department and he is best remembered on the campus as toastmaster at numerous University banquets. d.t.b.0
^ 4
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 19, 1940
T
Jimdu Jaik
More Than Ever
Barnes Will Play For Newman Club Barnyard Frolic
Clippings
Barnyard Frolic, annual Newman Club fall costume dance, will be held in the Union ballioom Friday, November 1. Bob Barnes and his band from Indiana University will furnish “swing tunes that lean toward Di?cieland rhythm” for the dancers.
Briefs
Indiana University, much as we hate to admit it, were very much on the map last Wednesday night when representatives of the three political parties involved in the present presidential election spoke in Bloomington. Franklin D. Roosevelt, jr., son of the President, Norman M. Thomas, Socialist candidate, and Raymond E. Willis, Republican United States Senatorial candidate from Indiana, each had their say.
Mudball slunk into the office yesterday, dropped the following manuscript on the table, and slunk..right out again.
hey there clarence this morning i was sunning myself on the steps of the union and students were all going to and from their classes well i noticed a very peculiar thing i want you to explain to me why men carry their books at their side and co-eds carry their books like a drunk holding onto a lamppost
Rosalind Russell
Church Directory
... this year there has been intense boosting and campaigning by the alumni and student body for a trip by the band to the Fordhaln game at New York City. This increased enthusiasm owes a great deal of its origin, and well it should, to the fact that Indiana University’s band has made two trips to the East in as many years. Having a band which we are inclined to consider just as good as the one at I. U., we rightfully feel that it should be at least as prominent. However, a grave situation presents itself, the circumstances of which may be sufficient to necessitate the cancellation of all hopes for such a trip. By an ironic twist of fate our biennial series with Fordham coincides with the regular sessions of the Indiana State Legislature, held once every two years. It is at these sessions that appropriations are made for the maintenance of the state colleges. Were these legislators in their next session to see an account of a band trip to New York included in the reports of the University, there would be certain lawmakers, and we don’t mean University supporters, who would quite likely go on record as being in favor of decreasing this school’s appropriation. Regardless of the fact that this trip might be financed by a group not connected with the University, the report of such a trip might still create an unfavorable attitude. Of course, our sister school at Bloomington may be taking the same chance. Or possibly the proceeds of the formal ball given by her band are sufficient, thereby making the band self-supporting, if such an item might change the opinion of her opponents in the legislature. Just to place another obstacle in the path, present world conditions have necessitated the decrease and alteration of the University’s budget. This may seem slightly unfair to those who have long awaited this trip by the band and the ensuing good will it would surely bring, however, this is a matter beyond our control. Therefore, in the event that our band doesn’t go with the team to Fordham on November 9, console yourselves, those of you who were interested in seeing the band make such a trip, with the thought that the postponement was not due to a lack of support on your part or on the part of certain fqfctions of the New York City alumni, w.e.h.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey St. Joseph B. Gleason, pastor of stud Joseph Baird Gleanson, Pastor of students. 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class. T. K. Noss will teach. 10:35 a. m.—Sermon by the pastor “The Kind of a God a Confused World Can Believe In.” Organ Music by George Osborn, organist. ‘Meditation” by Morrison “Prayer from Rienzi” — Wagner Prof. Eric Greenfield — Solo — “Behold the Master Passeth By”— Harker. Choir directed by Ivah Price will sing “God Is A Spirit.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion “The Way to Peace” by Ted Noss. All students are welcome.
We quote verbatim from The Michigan Daily of the University of Michigan: “We look with extreme perplexity at Messrs. Gene Markey and Artie Shaw. Their respective wives, Hedy LaMarr and Lana Turner, achieved divorces on the grounds that their husbands seldom remained with them for a quiet evening at home. “To Messrs. Shaw and Markey; You guys are either damn nearsighted or totally lacking in aesthetic appreciation. “To divorcees LaMarr and Turner: We love to spend quiet evenings at home.”
From The Daily lllini of the University of Illinois we reprint a tidbit which has evidently made the journalistic cycle. The British seamen remark how
the Russian navy likes its vodka, the British tar his rum, but the Italian fleet sticks to its port.
Fast moving comedy of the type which depends on situations rather than gags for laughs is the keynote of Universars “Hired Wife,” one of th^ year’s most hilarious picture, which opens Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre. Co-starring Rosalind Russell are Brian Aheme and Virginia Bruce.
the Purdue Exponent Service , Directory
• Professional
• jewelers
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD ) RISK 4th & Hain St. , Phone 5701
R. C. CISEN^ACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
1 • Electrical Supplies
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
Bold & Black
FEATURED TODAY ONLY
Purdue Christian Church Lafayette Christian Church, corner North and Sixth streets. 9:30 a. m.—Student’s class. Harriet Reynolds will speak on “Let Us Be Aware.” 10:40 a. m.—Church Service. Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach on “The Man God Seeks.” 5:15 p. m.—Supper at 126 North Chauncey street. 10 cents. 6:00 p. m.—Games at Church. 6:30—Discussion led by Glen Boyd and Jean Steigerw^ld. 7:10 p. m.—Vespers.
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m.—Freshman Breakfast at the Foundation, 5 cents. 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. Co-eds—“A Girl and Her Social World” — Mrs. McFadden Men’s Student Classes , 1. “Science and Religion” — Prof. C. L. Porter. 2. “Letters of St. Paul” — Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—“Christ’s Positive Program for Life”—Dr. B. D. Beck. 5:15 p. m.—Student Supper at the Foundation, 15 cents. 6 to 7:00 p. m.—Epworth League. 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour 6:30—Discussion Groups 6:30 p. m.—Discussion Groups 1. “Life of Christ”—Dr. G. H. Graves. 2. “World Peace”—Prof. Merritt Webster. 3. “Worship”—Mrs. McFadden
Cal Fields is still plugging. After two weeks of calling up Marge Thomas, his ex of four or five weeks ago, he has finally got a date with her for tonight. That boy really has perseverance or else he’s a sucker. —B & B— Some guys are suckers for anything. SPE John, “Cary Grant” Keeler dated freshman Elaine Danner and got left for his troubles. It seems as though Elaine met a man at lU and left “Cary” to take a ride with him. Elaine finally came back in an hour or so to finish her date with Keeler. Nice of her don’t you think? —B & B— Rumor has it that Jo, the slick little Sweet Shop waitress, is claiming that she is in love. This column would appreciate it if some super snoop would turn in the name of the lucky man. —B & B— Phi Delt LeMaster’s pin dropped onto Katy Fisher at last Satdee night’s mixer. —B & B— People are wondering when Theta Marge Seibert and Beta Lou Cherrington are going to get tired of mooning over each other. Love must be grand. —B & B— John Petty, super deluxe fullback and five of his fraternity brothers got a shower bath at the hands of the Lambda Chi’s while they were serenading the Alpha Chi’s. Can’t the Lambda Chi’s stand good sing-
Kerene and her “Rhapsody in Feathers” specialty are appearing with the ^Broadway Glamour Girls” on the stage of the Mars Theatre today only. A cast of thirty night club, stage and radio personalities and beauties are included in the revue. Music by the “Manhattan Syncopators” and a song and dance routine by a pair of pepsters known as the “Two G’s” are outstanding among other features of the show.
Staff Members Attend Foresters'Meeting
Central States Section of the society of American Fori esters, held
mg
—B & B— When is Bud Evers, the “four wheeled personality” boy of Skull House going to grow up and quit wasting his time on freshmen women. Bud’s been concentrating on Bet-
ty Ann McCreary. How’s it going, Art?
-B & B—
Das 1st Alles ’til next time, kiddies.
its annual business meeting in Wooster, Ohio, on October 10. Daniel Den Uly and Roy C. Brundage of the University D&partment of Forestry and Conservation were elected vice-chairman and secretarytreasurer respectively. Den Uyl will become chairman automatically in October, 1941. Membership in this section is made up, almost entirely, of professional foresters from Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio and Southern Michigan. j.f.z.
University Presbyterian Church Grant Street at North Street John W. Findley, Pastor and Director, Westminster Foundation Robert S. Thomas, Assistant 9:30 a. m.—Sunday morning discussion group will be led by Dr. Estey of History, Economics, and Government Department. His theme will be “Education in a Democracy.” 10:30 a. m.—Church and worship service at Central Presbyterian church in Lafayette, Seventh and Columbia Streets. Dr. Findley will speak on “The Future of Protestantigm in America.” 5:00 p. m.—Congregational meeting for the transaction of business. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club, Martha Owens, president. Supper will be served at 6:00. At 7:00, Dr. Prank Hall of the History Department will speak. His topic will be “Through the Looking Glass.”
Dated Laundered Shirts Win Again!
Every year our ''Dated Laundered Shirts" finish first in the shirt longevity race. It's really a walk away for we launder so carefully that we are able to GUARANTEE ALL shirts exclusively Crown laundered a year's wear ... or replacement.
PHONE 4037
Srown Laucibry
riME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
wait? SubMhibsL io ihsL £xponmt Jbdcuf^!
>’’1