iiH
I ^ . Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University
V0LUME XLVII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1936
Outstanding Speakers To Appear Purdue will become the mecca of Hoosier farmers and farm homemakers on Monday as the annual Agricultural Conference opens with a
through Friday noon. Judging from the advance interest
shown in the annual gathering, the total attendance for the week is expected to hit be-
tween 6,000 and 7>000 persons, I notification or the student will he
Reseat<feh
Meets
Project
Members of the committee oh coordination with industry of the University housing resf^rch project met yesterday, when t^y passed resolutions endorsing theiVoTk done by the project. They sta| ^d off by hearing a report on the work done So far and then inspected the four houses that construction. The committee, which was appointed last June, consists of Frank Watson, director of the housing program; G. S. MeiWe, director of the Purdue research foundation, and R. L. Harrison, B. S. G. E. ’23, secretary of the committee and also secretary and general manager of the Rostone Company. Much progress has been made, since the committee was appointed, in fact the University housing program was laid out, utilities installed and nine model houses designed. Also five contracts were let in the low cost class with work beginning last November.
The following regulations governing automobile driving on the campus will go into effect Monday
morning, January 13: ' Student Regulations
1. Student cars may not be driven on campiis drives except as listed below, unless the student is accompanied by his parent or guardian. Students driving cars in' violation of any of these regulations will be charged a traffic fee of $5.00 for each offense^ This fee will be assessed when the violation is reported and the student will be notified of the charge. The fee must be pmd within five days After su<?h
Poultry Club Will Spousor The annual Purdue Egg and Baby Chick Show, which in the past has been sponsored by the fresh man agricultural students, has been reorganized and taken over by the University Poultry club. The offices of this show were previously held only by freshman students wkHe under the new plan they may be filled from either the junior, sophomore, or freshman agricultural
classes.
The officers of the 1936 show, to be held in 'May, elected at the last open meeting of the Poultry club are M. V. Flock, manager; E. W. .^nderson, assistant manager ; .J. W. Townsend, chairman of the awards committee; L. O. Buxton, chairman of exhibits committee; and L. H. Thie and S. B- Swann, co-chairmen of the publicity committee. These students will constitute the execu tive committee and they will select from volunteers freshmen, sopho more, and junior students to fill the other positions of the show, Agri cultural students who are interested and want to work on this activity should notify the above officers immediately.
inark of 6;t07 putstafidihg speakers will appear before the general sessions. With Pres. E> Ct Elliott: presidihg, :thA opening general session oh Monday afternoon will be addressed by Frank Watson, director of the Purdue Housing Research Project, on the relation of the project to tke farm home, while Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of maiiagement of the University schools of engineering, will Speak on “Management Applied to the Farm and Home”. ‘ Hemmer To Speak Floyd Hemmer, of Huntingburg, former director of the Indiana Farm Bureau, will speak before Tuesday’s general session on “The Value of the Indiana Farm Bureau” while David E. Ross, president of the Purdue University board of trustees and chairman of the Tip pecanbe county tax adjustment board, will speak on Wednesday oh “How Farm Taxes Are Being Re-
dueed”.
Pres. Frank L. McVey, of the University of Kentucky, will speak on “Economic Adjustment During the Next Decade”, before the annual meeting of the “Ag” Alumni Association oh Thursday noon, while Dr. E. 0. Baker, of the U. S. department of agriculture, will lead a final summary discussion on Fri day noon that will bring to a close both the conference and the “Rural Life Day” program which has been planned aS the week’s finale. In connection with the conference, no less than eighteen differ(Contihued on p€ge 4)
until hb pays the fed of $6,00, tbi gether w:itb a charge of $2.O0 for late payment. Erom 7:30' A. M, to 6:00 P. M. daily except Sa,turday afternoons and Sundays; student cars may be driven only on those Campus drives so designated herein, and parked only in areas which have been es tabliShfed and marked as follows: A. Parking areas reserved for
students:
(a)i Northwestern Avenue and Stadium Avenue malls; Student cars may be driven only on the north drive of the Northwestern Avenue mall and the east drive of the Stadium Avenue mall, entering from N orthwestern Avenue in all cases and leaving 'the campus gt the Corner of Stadium Avenue and University Street. The right side only of each of the drives is to be used for park-
(b) South of Armory: The area south of the Armory and north of the side walk running east-west is reserved for parking student cars whidh shall enter and leave said area by way of University Street
only, ,
B. General parking area: (a)' Drive past the Purdue Memorial Union, Library, and Eliza Fowler Hall. Cars may be parked for not more than two hours on the right side only of the one-way drive past the west side of the Purdue Memorial Union, the south side of the Libraryjv and the soutk side/ ctf Eliza Fowler Hall. Entrance to this one-way drive is made froih State Street. (Visitors and Staff members have similar privileges J 3; Pafkihg area Spilth (ff Eliza Fowler Hall. This parking to be used only by those whb ara activly participating in functions given in Eliza Fowler Hall. 4. Saturday afternoon, Sunday, and before 7:30 A. M. and after 6:00 P. M. on the other days of the (Continued On page 4)
Haarlouj, AlUAmerican Scoring Ace, WUl
PURDUE
Kessler (C) Young Elliott Malaska
Hoping to cbAtroue th^^
haMwpod rac6, the Boilerinaker netme^ tkcMe the CMchgo Marobi^ ih tMi second ccwiference gai^ tonight. Purdue is tied Tor first place tHth Didiana and l^^
Pi Kappas To Enteiiiam Union Cafeteria Patrons
The regular Sunday night program in the Union cafeteria will be given tomorrow night at 5:30 by the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity; The program will be taken from a side show given at the Chicago World’s Fair. Extra music Will be furnished by Bill Douglas/ and Sam Hamilton.
Golschman Will Conduct Orchestra Starting At 8 In Memorial Gym
Clu b: Spon.so rs Costume Dance
’32 Chemical Grad Accepts Position In Pittsburgh Co.
J. Donald May, a chemical engineering graduate of ’32, has accepted a position with the research and sales department of the Pittsburgh Valve and Fittings Company. He has been with the Biggs Pump Company, of Lafayette.
Class Schedules Ready Schedules of classes for the coming semester are now available to all students in the registrar’s office. Some of the schedules have already been handed out in class. Registration schedules are also ready for distribution.
The University Newman club will hold its annual Spring Frolic in the Memorial Union ballroom Friday evening, January 31, from 9 till 12. Arrangements have not yet been completed for the orchestra, but that will be announced Soon. The order of the evening will be farmer costumes, and a prize will be awarded to the couple that seems best to typify our rural brethern. However, farmer girls and not farmerettes are expected, if you know what that means. In other words, the costumes should be amusing, but not indecorous. Tickets, which incidently aren’t on sale yet, will be priced at $1.08. The, eivykt cents is “nuisance tax”, and that’s what it is.
Vladimir Gdlschmann, talented young conductor, will direct the St. Louis symphony orchestra when it appears Monday evening at 8 o’clock in the MemoriM Gymnasium as the third musical convocation of the year, The orchestra will present a program of six selections including Beethoven’s Seventh Sym
phony and Wagner’s Prelude to “Die Meistersinger von
Nufnberg,”
The St. Louis group is one of the foremost orchestras in the country as the only organization to exceed its 54 years of continuous symphonic concerts is the New York Philharmonic orchestra. Too Many Pianists ■Golschman, born in Prance of Russian parentage, is only 38 years bid, but 34 of those years have been devoted to music. He started but as a pianist but changed to the violin because as he put it, “pianists were too plentiful”. When barely 20, he served as cbncertmaster of a French orchestra which toured the United States during the World
War. ■
When he returned to Paris he was given his longed-for chance to conduct. He first specialized in interpretations of modern music but more recently he has turned his talents to the German classics and the romantic masters. His Paris
concerts drew such wide acclaim and recognition that the French government: appointed him director pf the “Cercle Musical Uniyersi taire” and conductor of the concerts it sponsors at Sorboftne, the
University of Paris.
Sensation <
He first came to this country as a guest conductor for the New York Symphony. In 1931, he visited St Louis still in his role of guest conductor and created such a sensation that he was engaged as permanent conductor of the St. Louis oi-gani
zation.
Scipione Guidi, who formerly served for ten years as concert master for the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, is now concertmaster for the St. Louis organization. He is also assistant conductor. The orchestra, composed of 96 musicians not including the director, is rapidly gaining recognition in America for its original and bril-
liant interpretations.
PROBABLE LINEUP
POSITION
CHKMyGC^ „ Haarlow
.L^^"
.. AfiupefiseXk
Peters^ PitzgerMii
The chief wpriW <T^ hertmeh tonight will be ■■ Wild Bill” Haarlow, ace forward of the Chicago outfit, who led the Big Ten in scoring honors last season, accounting for approidmately half of his squad’s total points for the season. In their opener against Wisconsin Monday night, Haarlow gathered eighteen points for Chicago to bewilder the Badgers completely in his scoring sprees, in spite of the fact that Chicago lost. Stopping his pointgetting drives will provide a tough problem for the Boilermaker defense. Tonight’s game is expected to develop into a scoring battle be tween the tvfo outstanding for wards in the middle west, as Bob Kessler, All-American of last year and runner-up to Haarlow in scoring honors of the Big Ten, endeavors to out-maneuver the Maroon flash with his deftly-executed Ibft-
handed shots.
Early Season Dope Early season dope would seem to indicate that the Purdue netmen hold a slight edge over the team from the Midway, in view of the fact that they defeated the strong DePaui quintet, which later took the measure of the Maroons by a neat margin. However, Coach Norgren’s crew has shown impressive improvement since their early starts and are capable of upsetting “Piggy” Lambert’s proteges The Boilermaker defense, which has been the marked weakness of the squad all season, showed a great deal of improvement in their win over Ohio State Monday night. Lack of experienced guards h^ been Lambert’s chief handicap, but with the rapid development of Malaska, sturdy sophomore, and Glen Downey, reserve forward of last year, the Purdue five should round into top form as conference compe tition gets under way; ) Members of the Purdue hardwood squad will leave at noon today for Chicago, accompanied by Coach Lambert, and will remain in the Windy City until Sunday, returning late Sunday afternoon
Safetjr (Jroup
Speaker Ridiciiles SiAte Drivers’ License Law In Spea^^ Indiana’s drivers’ license law was characterized as a “pop gun’? affair as far as obtaining results is concerned in an address before the University Public Safety Institute yesterday by J; S. Bak^, of Chicago, secretary of the committee on the driver of the National Safety
Council.
“The present Indiana license law,” declared Baker, “has practically no effect on the training of new drivers, and the suspensions and revocations of licenses for violations and accidents are markedly below the normal.” Not Local Affair Baker advocated the establishment of a more centralized administration which would make it posr sible to check on drivers on a statewide basis so that frequent offenders could be called in for hearings before a recognized authority on the basis of their cumulative records. “The problem of driver control is not a local affair but most distinctly State-wide;” he said. Secondly, Baker declared tl^at (Continued on page 4)
Mechtoical School Offers New Course
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations the Exponent will be published only on the following dates during the next two weeks: January 14, 15, 17, 21, 23, 30, and 31.
St.
Sy
ms
Orchestra
Students in mechanical engineering, particularly those in the aeronautical and automotive options, will be offered a new course, Ch. E. 109, during the second semester. The purpose of the course is to acquaint the student with the structure of metals, the principles of heat treatment, forging, casting, the location of defects and the adjustment of physical and chemical properties. The topics planned for consideration will include, crystal structure, alloys, tool and carbon steels, surface hardening, cast iron, and impact and endurance tests. The textbook will be “Principles of Metallography”, by Williams and Homerberg. The course (3-0) is an elementary one without laboratory insti’uction.
MIXER
Orval Wray and his band will play at the weekly mixer tpnight in the Memorial Union ballroom. The dance will begin at 9 o’clock.
Prof. CordeH To Leave Soon To Study Abroad Prof. R. A. Cordell, of the English department, has been granted a leave of absence froin the Univer-. sity in order that he may make A trip to England where he plans to study in the British Museum. Ho will leave the latter part; of month and will remain abroad for at least six months, possibly longer, probably spendi^ most of his time in England. Professor CordeH, who teaches drama, is co-author of the text book used in English 19.
EXPONENT BOARD
Meet in the conference room Of the As* Exp. Station at 4 o’clo^ Monday afternoon. Please be prompt. HEUSER,IIIk |||' s
Filiiindiid lit;1683;
Membir ot National Colleire Press Assddatioiik BIgf Ten Bditoriftl Aasociattoto , Bxcluaivetjr R^ieBeiited by National Advertlsingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison AvCitbte, New York City Entered ns second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by ^8.W ^ y^; dcjiiveri^ by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single capsr, .2 cwte.
Business, Bhbiie BOSS
MAIN OFMCE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5087;
Daily Stiideiit Piifelication 6f Purdue
■ BSiter»ia“feliiet:.; ManaginS: Editor.. Associato Bditoto.. Sports Bditor .
Associate Sports Editors. Sophomore Assistants.
EDITORIAIi STAFF' .
:V.'^FEeUser:
,C. H. eamphell
.A. M. Chasteen, Ci BiL Haijdih,; W. T. Hunt, E. H. Motiisv M. 6. Walthier i ..i <N.\E5.' :H0ys:’
F. Mull, Jfe. H. Walpole, L. D., Wood K. A; Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. li Cribb, A. H. Forster, C. Harper, Jr., M. .Kohif, R. P. Manion, D. M; Meachami C. B. Sadler
G.; F. Roqnemore, 0^. C. Schenck, ;J. L. YonHarz
Si^urda^, January ll, 19S6.
Issiie Editor-^i E. Brock.,
Drivings Please”
Monday morning at 7 :30 the new no-driving-on-the-campus rules will go into effect, all Purdue stiidents will be safe from the ravaging attacks of student driven automobiles, and five bucks on the line will be the resulting penalty for the trans-
■gressor. ''
Students have seen fit to express their sentiments regarding the new ruling, both verbally and in writing, a sample of which appears below. There seems to be no violent objections to the rule, but the student is yet to be heard who is in sym
-..1. ^ I VETS By J. N. Davis
Contributorsr
NOTES ON THE CbNVO. When Vladimir Qolschman raises his baton Monday evening to open the Fifth Convocation with a concert of classical music, the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra under his leadership will answer with the mystical Overture to the Opera “dherim.” Carl lilaria Van Weber (1:78S-1&26), the composer, was & riiighty man in his day, who influenced many later masters and was so well liked that based on his music, a cult of Weber existed for years among German music lovers. The overtures and sohie of the arias from his operas still preserve the composer’s name. Yet his romantic operas, once popular, have long since died from excessive length and dullness.
the Year hi Lett
up in one students’ words: “It’s 0. E. if it’s necessary, but is it necessary ?” The answer is usually a “No”. In regard to the new ruling, it might be well to consider a few points. First: Will the prohibition of driving on the campus cut down the possibilities of accidents, or will it merely tend to concentrate all the student owned cars and thereby increase the possibilities? Second: Do more accidents occur on the campus or off the campus, the same group being considered? (There has never been a major accident on the campus, according to the older persons consulted.) Third: Is there any reason why the enforcement of the ruling which permits driving on one side of the malls in front of the M. E., E. E., and Pharmacy Buildings will decrease accidents, and why should there be traffic iii only one direction? Furthermore, anyone who expects a human to get out of a car in front of any of these buildings and walk around the grass plots does not take into account an influence stronger than signs. In a few weeks, these sections will look like a cross-word puzzle of paths. It isn’t what you know. It’s who you knew—and how well they don’t know you.—Oklahoma Daily. ' : ~^RiASF'0PHi0N~~~^ The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preierred. AiitomoMle, Megiilations To the Editor: Why an educational institution should regulate the licensing of automobiles—a function usually considered the province of state and municipal governments—is beyond the comprehension of the writer. However, University regulation seems to be the custom at Purdue. In the past, automobiles were proMfeited, except on special permits, but because, like Prohibition, the rule was difficult to enforce and because it was exceedingly unpopular with the student body, the Student Senate succeeded in securing the adoption of a more reasonable licensing system. This new licensing rule, requiring parent’s permission, driver’s license and liability insurance, although giving the University unnecessary paternalistic power, was well received by students as a step in the right direction. Now by an “executive order” we are retrogressing. The new parking and driving rules are nothing but a moVe in the direction of eliminating student owned automobiles. If safety were the primary motive why does the rule not apply to faculty cars which are equal in number to student cars ? Why is an obviously inadequate and incpnvenient parking area provided for students and an excessively large and strikingly convenient area provided for the benefit of faculty cars ? If we must have safety, why not prohibit the driving of all cars on for campus beautification.?—A Student.
Paramount has a Charm School in its new picture, giate”. Copycat !
‘Colle-
Chemistry (The Chicago Trihime)
evident in practically every trade, profession, or other line of endeavor, statistics show that the number of capable chem ists available has remained below normal and the scarcity has been only partially met by the quota of chemical engineers graduated by the colleges. According to Walter B. Pitkin, author of “Life Begins at Forty,” chemists, whose technical knowledge formerly was required only by chemical manufacturing plants, are now sought by nine of the fifteen census groups of industries, namely: food, paper, petroleum, coal, rubber, leather, glass, steel, and particaularly nonferrous metals. Even thd other six classifications o.f industry show unexplored opportunities for chemical research. With this imposing field for a life’s work it seems strange that the number of chemists should be insufficient to meet the demand. Possibly the name lacks appeal as presaging a somewhat unromantic future of analyzing substances to develop their composition. Perhaps the name “chemical engineering” should be more generally adopted, more correctly to describe the profession in which technicians are producing dye from cornstalks, dozens of uses for the soya bean, and a superior synthetic rubber from coke, lime, and water. There is plenty of romance in such activities, Four avenues lead to future progress, although all are interrelated. We must take full advantage of our national wealth through the development of uses for materials we now regard as wastes; find new employment for products of which we now have a surplus, and discover substitutes for many articles that we are obligated to import or of which we haye a diminishing supply. The chemical engineer is best equipped to serve as pur guide in exploring these three routes to a higher civilization, and his efforts often light the way toward the fourth highway> which leads to invention in other fields.
Being a romanticist of the early nineteenth century, he chose as librettos for his opera, fairy stories. The title, “Oberon,” of the last opera he wrote means “The ElfKing’s Oath.” So the Overture naturally is a vigorous, imaginative piece constructed of the main themes in the Opera with variations.
Because oi the tremendous number of books published in the Republic each year (some 20,000, I believe )> I must necessarily confine ho^si^lf to sdine; soft of limitation,: Let us, then, for the present time, consider dflly the noyel and forget the; rest, When one considers the total number cd books ' reached the bestrsellef status during, the past year, it is obvious that the whole flood may gendrally be branded as mediocre. This is true of any year, but particularly sO, I believe, of 1936. The past few years have revealed an unfortunate slump in the quality of the nation’s literakire, and that slump has been maintained; up to the present time. Of all the volumes written and published since last January, only four admit of extended critical interest. They are H. L, Davis’ “Honey in the Horn”; Thomas Wolfe’s “Of Time and the River”; Sinclair Lewis “It Can’t Happen Here”; and Willa Gather’s “Lucy Gayheart”.
vix^ s.^\Ax<xxx\t AtivcAiiiCoo ux xvxy All** tdnia”, and I douflt if she Over will. Certainly sfle had no idea of trying to do it in “Lucy Gayheart”.! Here is her latest book . .. eminently enjoyable, but revealing a setting star in the gathering twilight. “Honey in the Horn”, By H. L, Davis, was the first honest and worthwhile book about the early Oregon pioneers that I have seen. It is strange that no one has written previously of those hardy idiots who first pushed out over the great (Continued on page 4)
Weber, when he wrote this music, was dying of consumption, but, being determined to support his^family, though poverty-stricken, he undertook the composition of this score for the sum of five hundred pounds. When he Went to London to rehearse, he was so weak he could not stand alone. Yet he persisted—^and died two months later. The unmusical English public hissed the performance; the critics wrote of the exquisite melodies as sounding like “wind through a keyhole.” Today, over a century after that premier, this overture is played regularly everywhere and received enthusiastically.
Beethoven’s Symphony No. 7 in A Major, the principal work of the concert, of all that profound master’s work, has proven the least subject to critical explanation. As Phillip H. Goepp puts it: “This symphony of his Immortal Nine is the graphical portrayal, not of pictures, not of stories, not of doctrines, but of feelings. And while saying the word we are aware of its utter weakness; for feeling may mean the emptiest, the most frivolous, the most useless thing, as indeed, it may be weightiest, the most precious, the most powerful.”
Mr, Goepp says further: “As in all truly great works of the human mind, there must be a certain degree of intelligent perception; a certain maturity is absolutely necessary to understand Beethoven. He is not for the young; above all, not for the shallow. For these he is often no more than ugly and ominous noise, which makes them uneasy. His listeners must be capable of feeling the grimness, the terror, the fight of life. Then they can exult with him in the trium,phant joy of the undaunted.”
And yet, in the Seventh Sym phony, this brooding, serious master writes all through it the music and rhythm of the dance in a spirit of utmost gayety and lightness, as if calling all mankind to join hands in a dance of joy. At the time, Beethoven was old, deaf, povertystricken and living in a garret.
The Prelude to the Comic Opera: “Die Meistersinger Von Nureiiberg,” by Richard Wagner, will be the third number on the program. In a letter to a friend in 1862 Which he wrote from Biebrach, Germany, he said: “The fair season of the year was now approaching, an!d I was once more seized with a deSire to work. As from the balcony of my flat, in sunset splendor, I gazed upon the magnificent spectacle of golden Mayence, with the majestic Rhine pouring along its putskirts in a glory of light, the Prelude to my Mastersingers again suddenly made its presence closely and dis tihctly felt in my soul. Once before I had seen it rise before me out of a lake of sorrow, like, some distant mirage. I proceeded to write down the Prelude exactly as it appears today in the score, containing the clear outlines of the leading thenies of the whole drama,”
Wagnerian testimony, as must be (Continued on page 4)
I have commented previously on WOlfe’s book, and t shall elaborate but little here, Mr. Wolfe certainly reveals a promising talent, but I doubt very much whether he is the new literary giant that benign and ecstatic reviewers have so labeled him. He lacks, above all else, the cool skill that every artist must have. He plunges headlong into his tale without seeing clearly the end of it, and consequently get badly bogged about half way through his work. He could take a lesson from Sinclair Lewis. In spite of Lewis’ tremendous gusto, a gusto that can be found, I think, only in “Huckleberry Finn” and the “Adventures of Tom Sawyer”, he approaches his work, not with shouting and hattossing, but with the cool head and the steady hand of the first rate artist. And this quality alone was responsible for saving his recent “It Can’t Happen Here” from the status of mere ferocious document. As in all of his books, he brought a huge amount of knowledge of existing conditions to his work, and with it a technical skill and dexterity that never lets him down. He Wrote his latest book too rapidly, and he hurled himself into it with too feverish a passion, but nevertheless the touch of Lewis is there, and the result is an immensely absorbing tale. The merits of the book other than the artistic require endless discussion, and must be treated later. It is sufficient to say that Lewis knows enough of the Country to know that a dictatorship damn well can happen here.
Willa Gather’s “Lucy Gayheart” was far below her former standard I suspect, sorrowfully, that Miss Gather is approaching the exhaustion pf her talent. She has never been a prolific writer, and, like every human being, she cannot keep her noble effort forever. Her books are, with no exception, among the soundest and most worthy contributions to the national letters since this nation had a literature of its own. Willa Gather brings to her work not only the necessary skill aforesaid, but a warmth and vitality, a living grace and beauty totally lacking in the work of her contemporaries. Many reviewers made the unfortunate mistake of endeavoring to compare her character, Lucy Gayheart, with Antonia Shimerda of “My Antonia”. These foolish fellow^ made magnificent asses of themselves by so doing.
LAST TIMES TODAY JOHN MILJAN JUNE COLLYER in “THE GHOST WALKS” HOOT GIBSON in “LOCAL BAD MAN”
SUNDAY
MONDAY
PETER B. KYNE’S “BARS OP HATE”
The response to pur plea for cpntribs was nothing short of spectacular. The following Were especially appreciated: 1. One parking ticket. 2. An apple core. 3. A piece of DOUBLEMINT ... chewed. 4. A safety pin. 6. A question regarding, the facts of life from our old friend. Bill MacPherson. 6. A cigar ... butt, the prizes of the week—MARS double-pass and Doublemint—go to mb & lihp; Christopher Morley is credited with this pome from the Parrot... I used to wprk in Chicago In a department shore. Behind the ribbon counterBut I don’t work there any more. A lady came in for some garters I asked her what kind she wore: Rubber, she said—nd rubber I did— I don’t work there any more. Marty Gillespie proudly claims:
developed ^ baby m the county.”
HflimmmMMtn^
.yob hear the one about the doctpT who stepped into his reception room and noticed .a redheaded woman and a man with his head all tied up? .. .'No? Well, the doctor turned to the nurse and
asked—
“Which came first, the Henna the
ache?” —^niihi.
My coffee’s coldl Hhe said with vim. And so she made It hot for him. —Gustav. -Bob Kirkpatrick crashed thru with this—I don’t believe in marital lectures, I wanta just live and lea,rn like grabma. ; — ^ . . . Remembe? the good old days when you Could kiss a girl and taste nothing but girl? . . . No, tell us about it, FOSBURGl M ■,' V ,;. < . Vl.’‘
.C H,-?'>'' ' ,fh\ ;, ;,' I- >il\ J,„ .' - . .’ ’:V > '% ’£-. ■ •''^^^■-1- :,... '’":'if"‘’'\ ,, _ _ " 1 H'ik'^sj*II *_i!r ' '' " ‘‘ ■'" * * ‘'■'' [ir,’’’ ' '
In Mf
Tixtl tFalherihe Five ExpeStdd Td Give LahiberiVnen StroHg apportion In Passing^ Floorwork .PROBABLE LINEtrP PURDUE POSItlON MlOiilGAN Kessler (C) F J". Townsend Young F E. Townsend Elliott C * Gee Malaska G. Rudness Downey G Tamagno Referee—Lane, Cincinnati; umpire—^Young, Illinois Wesleya.n. Coach Piggy Lambert’s Boilermaker netmen, playing their Idst game before the final examination period and the second in three days, will meet Michigan Monday night in the Jeffer son high school gymnasium. This will be the third Big Ten game for the Old Gold and Black five, and the first home appearance of the local aggregation playing a conference encounter. The ot)enmg game with Michigan, one of the pre-season title favorites, is expected to provide one of the highlights of the home season. Although the Wolverines lost
Although there has been a brisk advance demand, reserved seats for the Purdue-Michigan game are expected to be available at game time. The game will start promtply at 7:30.
their initial conference tilt to Indiana, they were minus the services of Capt. Tomagno, who injured his leg in the Butler tilt, and Gee, elongated center, was far from being in good physical condition. Against the Boilermakers, the Wolverines have made no secret of the fact that they expect to be back at full strength and ready for a supreme effort to advance a notch in the title race. Michigan Tall In view of the difficulty that Purdue encountered in passing against the rangy California five, the Boilermakers’ problem of eluding the even talle Michigan combination is expected to be complicated'. With the Townsend brothers, of Indianapolis high school fame, at the forward posts, and John Gee, 6 foot, 9 inch, performer at,the, pivot post, the Wolverines will take the floor with a combination that will average 6 feet, 3 inches in height, and by contrast the Boilermakers will be midgets. Once again the Lambert-coached five is expected to depend largely on speed in its offensive efforts, particularly in view of the fact that the problem of working under the basket will be a puzzler when, and if, Michigan’s toweriiig crew is allowed to get set on defense. Townsends And Gee Stopping the under-the-basket work of the Townsend brother? and Gee will provide a severe lest for the Boilermaker defense, which showed marked improvement in its initial Big Ten victory over Ohio State. Lambert is expected to stick to virtually the same combination that accomplished the downfall of the Buckeyes, with Capt. Bob Kessler, left-handed “stab shot” expert, te^^ming at forward with Jewell Young, sophomore' who has been right on Kessler’s heels in the scoring column. Elliott At Center By virtue of his showing on the eastern trip and against Ohio State, Ed Elliott, scrappy senior, is again expected to get the starting call at center, although Jim Seward will be ready for action at any time. The guard assignments are apt to depend upon the trend of the game, although Pat Malaska, sophomore floor guard, and Red Lambert and Glen Downey, back guards, are virtually certain to see action.
Liquor at parties and *‘cheek-to-cheek” and “streamline” dancing are banned at Boston University.
if a Sandwich a Drink then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
_
VblleybaU Tbui-tfey FinMs In the co«ed intramural volleyball games played yesterday. Kappa Kappa (Jamma defeated Pi Beta, Phi, 80 to 16; Ward->4 won from Ward 1, 27 to 23; Ward‘3 .was defeated by Ward 2, the score being 33.to 22; and Alpha Chi Omega won from Alpha Xi Delta by a 34 to 26 score. , The intramural tournament games wil) be discontinued until after finals and playing will be re sumed January 30. The relative standing of each of the various teams is as follows:
TOWNSEND MICHIGAN—FORWARD Earl Townsend, the second of the two Townsend brothers, regular forwards on the Michigan basketball team. Both Earl and his brother played spectacular basketball during their high school days as members of the Tech five in Indianapolis.
Biskclbill Scbedyle
Tonight PURDUE at Chicago. Illinois at Wisconsin. Minnesota at Michigan. Northwestern at Indiana. Ohio State at Iowa. Monday night Michigan af I^URDUE. Chicago at Indiana. Iowa at Wisconsin. Minnesota at Northwestern. Ohio State at Illinois.
No-Notice Issue Shows Finals H'Mtmg Activities Cessation of extra-curricular activities in preparation for final examinations can be observed from the fact that there is no notice column in today’s issue of the Exponent. Perusal of the files indicates that each year just before finals there is a ver^ noticeable decrease in the volume of notices, however, this is the first time that the present staff has encountered a nonotice issue.
P. J.' Houston, C. E. ’35, has just accepted a position as transitman with the A, A. Electric Company, of Cicero, 111. This company has the contract for the rural electrification program in Boone County, this being the first county where this program is being undertaken in Indiana.
Purdue’s safety conference might also devote a little time to teaching next year’s football team how to make safeties.—^Indianapolis News.
A permanent federal youth assistance structure, on NY A and CCC lines, is being urged on the government.
J PHOTOS Iflp ■ Enlargements 25c I w ll liar's Sliilo... J3i|iali
LEAGUE I Team GPWL Kappa Kappa Gamma....3 3 0 Pi Beta Phi 3 2 1 Ward 4 4 2 2 Ward 1 3 1 2 W. R. H 3 0 % LEAGUE II Team GP WL Ward 2 3 3 0 Chi Omega 3 2 1 Alpha Xi Delta 3 1 2 Ward 3 3 1 2 Alpha Chi Omega 4 1 3
Pet. 1.000 .667 .500 .333 .000 Pet. 1.000 .667 .333 .333 .260
Co-ed Shiiffleboarders Play Semi-Finals Today Girls’ shuffleboard has simmered down to the semi-finals, which will be played this morning between Halstead and Kirkhoff versus Pattefson and Knapp. The team winning this game’ will go into the finals against the Arnold and Thompson duo Monday at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym.
Trained Falcon Obeys Penn State Freshmen
State College, Pa.—(ACP)—^Devotees of one of the most unusual of all sports—^the ancient art of falconry—are Frank and John Craighead, twin brothers who are freshmen at Penn State. They have been training and hunting falcons since boyhood, and they brought “Ulysses”, peregrine hawk who is their present star performer, to school with them this fall. Ulysses, although now living in comparative domesticity, has the same blood in his veins as the falcons of four, and five centuries ago, when the birds were so highly prized that only a noble could own one. The brothers would match him ajgainst any falcon that ever lived, they say. “What do you feed him, seed and things like that?” the twins were asked. Goes After It “Meat, beef,” they said. “It makes him strong.” It isn’t merely a matter of putting the meat in the birdhouse, placed in the yard where the boys can keep an eye on the falcon from their room, filled with photographs of former pet hawks. Ulysses has to work for his food. One of the boys stands some distance from the perch, holding the meat in a gloved hand, and Ulysses takes to the air to make a dash for it. He must do this every time he’d fed. It’s good training for the business of “Coming to the lure” when he goes afield. Ulysses does his hunting at a speed that would take him past a lot of airplanes, according to the brothers. Beginning to drop, or “stoop” on his prey from several hundred feet above, the hawk may be moving 180 miles an hour by the time he strikes, sends it tumbling dead to the ground with a blow from his balled talons. The game down, he flies back to his gloved master for his reward, a bit of meat. Ulysses takes only game on the wing, "the twins have had hawks trainee) to take rabbits and other game larger than themselves. Before coming to Penn State they freed Comet, a scarred veteran who had caught rabbits and squirrels.
A stiff "Course in logic should be required of English teachers, says Proc. S. Thomas, of Harvard.
saiBBBa
JNTING
p
nioim "" Mm BdoIHiIIc,.. ^ d 1S CASSEt*S mmmp
PATANELU
MICHIGAN—GUARD A member of the Michigan hardwood five who will invade Lafayette Monday night for a conference game with the Boilermakers. Patanelli, a reserve guard, will be with the Wolverines tonight when Michigan engages with the Minnesota five at Ann Arbor.
Aibrbbik TbMfn « ></... " ll Pacul^ und dtudeiitj members ^ ihe^ ^uash ^ ^ams. jopirmsf. ^ Urbana to meet;^t|ie .sqiiash ef, tliinois this, Ufjterpoon. the fost.^ appearance of^the Pur^n^ squad in the midwest and thrqw much light on Big Ten com-
petition.
The Purdue team has had experience against the foremost tearai^ in the country. Their eastern invasion, although marked with defeat, was successful in that the teams piaye<^ were the leading squash ra^uet combinations and members of, the Ivy League”. The advanced type of play learned from the eastenaers will give the Boilermaker team an advantage today against the mini. First Appearance The faculty team, headed by Clevett, will also compete against Hlinois this afternoon in their first public appearance of the year for the team. The faculty game will provide much interest as the faculty have had a live interest in the sport for some time. Student members making the trip are: Captain Jack Noll, John Lucek, F. E. Fields, Ray Ulray, M. T. Wakefield, Bob Tzucker and C. R.
Petticrew.
Before closing, let us make note of the fact that the sports editor of the University of Minnesota Daily picked his All Big Ten Team the other day and eleven out of eleven were Minnesota players. That’s loyalty.
FISHMAN ' MICHIGAN—GUARH One of the Wolverines’ fourj most dependable guards, Herman Fishman, pictured above, is expected to bolster the Michigan defense in their attempts to blank the Bailer^ makers’ offensive drives in the third game oi Purdue’s conference schedule, to be played in the Jeff gymnasium Monday evening.
When yoti fertise ih The ExptliNEN^ brfe absolutely [c^rtkih 6t ting your mesSkge before the student at Purdue University. ExpoNENt is tile official k student publication at Puf diie knd [cdiltalns kll the student activities as well as all the doitigs on the campus. In no way can yoii so completely reach this select group of buyers as by advertising in The Exponent.
'Ww
,aiji%f.
ChaiJttfeiairi^^ special for week-^Pecan Crunch and New xyorit. Order it-^it’s delicious.
RooBi for Rent^Furnish^, single^iO; double—412 per naonth. 112 Sylvia St. Phone 4404.
For Rent—^Next semester. Modem room near campus and village. 107 Chauncey Ave.
Wanted—Roommate for student. Modern room, private entmnce. Mrs. J. P. Brownell, 238 S. Grant Street.
Lost—Notebook in’ Mechanical Building, Saturday, Dec. 21. Finder call J. H. Richardson. Phone 7242. Reward.
For Rent—Warm, double room. 443 State St. $8.00 each person.
Anmn^ Neimm See Spaghetti Made.
Editor’s Note: Ahsdn Brown continues the story of his Mediterranean
crhise on a tramp steamer.
The spaghetti “factory” in Tabarka, Tunisia, was only a low building containing three small rooms. Into the first room Nelson and I wandered unasked and unannounced, and stood fascinated before a large machine that Was squeezing the dough through hundreds of small holes causing it to emit a steady stream of spa ghetti ribbons. These were cut off in two foot lengths and spread over the racks to dry in the jadjoining room. In the third room the finished product was tied into bunches and then sent out for delivery or sale. We were surprised to note the amount of the Italian food that the Arabic natives of north Africa seemingly consume, but since none of the eight workers offered to speak English and enlighten us we are still left with a dozen unanswered questions. This, as far as vite could ascertain, was the main point of interest to be seen in the town and, since we thought we had covered the subject as thoroughly as possible, we wandered out again onto the sandy Main Street. , Eluding again the army of boys who were so persistent in their pursuit of American cigarettes we ambled down the shore away from the village and climbed a rock formation to watch the loading operations as the Exminstei^ gradually filled hqr decks with bale -after bale
of coi’k.V
The hatches had been filled vdth copper ore, umber (correct. asbestos, necessitating thS shipment of cork to be lashed oft the deck. The bales were rolled down the dock into the waiting lighters, or barges. These were towed out to the ship by a motor boat and the cargo swung high up on the deck by the steel cables and the booms on the freighter. All of the labor was done by the natives with one of the ship’s mates in command. From our vantage point a half ^ away we could hear the cries of the natives as they bellowed at one an^ other in their work. The labor had commenced the minute we dropped anchor in the natural harbor and woMd not cease until, the propeller began to spin once more. Tabarka was to be our last port, so we thought at that time, and Nelson and I Wanted to take full advantage of the native work and the low prices. This was to be our last chance to buy foreign goods so the following morning we invaded the general store and in no time at all some twentyrfive natives had gathered to see what we bought. The storekeeper was al-' most overbearing in his assumed pleasantness, but did speak his French painfully slow so that I might understand such things as prices and amounts.
Rope Slippers
He first hauled shoes from the shelf and I bought a' pair of rope slippers for 28 cents. Then; came the night gowns. But no, they were native robes! We tried on greens and reds and tans and our audience giggled and tittered but not once did the proprietor show his amusement. “Oh, Monsier, il vous donne Tair d’un roi!” The old buzzard was even flattering us. Anyway we ended up by getting a robe and the two vests with it for a couple of dollars and two large quart cans of anchovies for 30 cents each! Next came two large earthen water jugs, a straw tray two feet across, and a hat built on the order of a Mexican sombrero but constructed from woven grass with a brim that any native girl could have danced
in.
We found two native boys and loaded them down with our packages. And when we arrived at the loading dock we gave them each a couple of cigarettes which evidently meant more to them than a franc piece, for they beamed their appreciation. That evening we sailed from Tabarka headed homeward, but circumstances forced us to stop before we even got to Gibralter. But that’s another story. ...
missed^ entirely the' little ImoWft ftian ftom ottt of the northwest ^ vrith a gtreit tola mlder Ms The rest of the more talked of novels were interesting, but of little living value. "Veins of Iron”, "Silas Crocketts”, “Europa”^ "Paths of Glory”, et alia, come and go, but
seldom stay.
colorful, bombastic, imagi and synoptic of the main thenies in the operai
FIRST GHRISTIAN--Dr, Tai^s A; Crane, internationally known speaker of the Disciples of Ghrist, will be the speaker at the student class hour, Sunday nibrnihg. HiS subject will be “Christian Youth and. the Building of a New Economiic Order;” At the chqrch service. Dr. J. N;. Jessnp will occupy the pulpit. Wa3nne Meyers will be the leader at the Christian Endeavor social hour at 5:30, The hour will be followed by lunch. The evening service, 7:30. Dr. Jessup, speaker.
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN — The School of Religion will meet at 9:30. At the morning church service at 10:46 the chorus choir led by Mr. A. P. Stewart will sing. Mr. Findley will speak oh "The Ego-Centric Life.” Dr. C. B. Eern will speak at Sunday Evening Club at 6:16. Marcia Clevenger and Eleanor Seamans vdll: tell of their impressions of the Student Convention held in Indianapolis during the holidays.
The fourth numbfer will' be the “Dance of the Happy Spirits” from Christoph Gluck's opera, Orpheus and Euridke. This opera is the oldest, holding a place in.prfesentday repertoires. Gluck wrote it in 1762, though the Dance, a ballet piece, was written in 1774 for the production in Paris. Next will be played two Excerpts from Claude Debussy’s suite “The Children’s Corner.” The first. The Little Shei»heixk is- aCcounted one of the composer’s masterpiece?, Oo deftly does he cihate the ekact preSsiori he seeks vtith the simplest means. The second is knowii as the Golliwog’s Cake Walk. French composers of the twentieth century have been, fascina,ted by American negro music. In the negro cake•Waik, Debussy found the strutting, ludicrous rhythms he wrote into this delightful piece. He has often been criticized for the romantic imagery of which most of his music is constituted. He says in defence:' No fixed rule should guide the creative artist: rules are established by works of art, not for works of art. One should seek discipline in freedom. . . . It is natural that my works should incur the risk of displeasing people who like ‘certain’ music and perseverihgly stick to it alone. French music is clearness, elegance, simple and natural declamation; French music wishes first of all to give pleasure ...”
ALLSPAW BAEBER & BEAUTY SHOPPE Shampoo aiid Pinker Wave. .60c 327 State St. and on Pierce St. Dial 2067
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL—Epi-phany-Tide will be celebrated with traditional hymns of the season and the anthem “We Three Kings” sung by the choir of boys and men. Service begins at 10:45. Young People’s Fellowship in the evening at 6.
WESLEY FOUNDATION (M. E.)—Reports of the Student Volunteer Convention will be given at Sunday School at the West Lafayette Methodist Church by Wm. Keenan, Samuel Martinez and others. Supper will be served at 5:15 at the Foundation, followed by further reports a,t Epworth League at 6:30 by Samuel Daniels, Gerald Vogel, Harold Coifing and Fasil Futoohee.
The last programmed woi’k to be played will be the Interlude and Dance from “La Vida Breve’’ (Life is Bi'ief) by Manuel de Falla, modr efn Spanish Composer, who considers himself “as much more than a painter of Spain; he is an inVoker of Spanish emotion. He uses folkmusic by feeling the pulsations hidden within the shell. His spirit participates in the soul of his race and is manifest in a rhythmic feeling for the empirical sweep of her history, the inexhaustible fund of her traditions, folk-lore, literature and
SAFETY GROUP-^ I. (Continued from p?ige 1) there was a real need for a licensing examination for new drivers that will mean sdmething. “I do not mean a tricky examination,” said Baker, "but a comprehensive, well-administered test that will make the new driver meet a new standard and keep him from forming careless, sloppy, or reckless driving habits.” ^ ’ Control Of Driver In Indiana Not In Proportion “The efforts to control the driver in Indiana are not in proportion to the size of the problem^” said Baker. “The best available records shoVh that accidehts in the state ayx erage $66.00 per driVer per year in costj while, slightly less than Ihh cents per driver per year is expended in attempting to control the driver through licensing and regulation.” , Dr. Herman A. Heise, toxicologist of the Columbia hospital, Milwaukee, Wis., in a discussion of the effects of alcohol on the driver, declared that experiments indicate a measurable loss of efficiency and judgment eVeh when small amounts of alcohol are accumulated in the blood or urine. He recommended that the chemical, test for alcohol, which he said had been proved practical in confirming drunkenness, be adopted Universally to aid in the conviction of drunken drivers. “It is not primarily the obvious ‘drunk’ who constitutes a major road menace,” said Dr. Heise, “but the man have termed the ‘drinking
di’iver.”’ ,
To conclude the conference, George W. Barton, director Of safety" and traffic., engineering of the Chicago Motor club, provided a demonstration of the latest types of equipment for testing drivers, including tests for reaction time, glare vision, perimeter of vision, and hand-eye coordination.
ler Hall will be open to visitors, Staff members, and students. 6. The patking area at the rear ^ of the Purdue Memorial Union shall be reserved for permanent resident? i and officers of the Purdue Memorial ‘ , ' Union. (Entrance from Grant' 6. Under no conditions and at no time will parking be permitted on >. , the driveway around the oval. , , - Staff Regulations Regulations for members of the University staff, which differ from , rules for students, are as follows; A.. Parking areas reserved for Staff and visitors: (a) North of Women’s Gymna-
sium.
(b) East of University Hall. (c) South drive Northwestern ^ Avenue mall (both sides). (d) Rear of Power Plant. ' (e) Rear of Mechanical Engineering Building. (f) Rear of Michael Golden
Shops.
(g) North: of Memorial (|f:mna-^x X sium and south of sidewalk running east-west. (h) West of Engineering’ Admin- . istration Building. (i) In front of Service and Stores 'and Power Plant Building. (j) Immediately east of l^rmacy Building. Staff members who Use their cars for University service may be granted individual reservations by the Controller. Staff members expecting to park their cars on the campus shall drive their own cars or send the license plates to the Service and Stores Building during the last two weeks of December or the first two weeks in January and have identification tags for reserved parking area attached to their licensO plates. Unless Staff cars are properly identified, the free use of such cars on the campus will be restricted.
Santa Clara valley, home of the prune and the apricot in California, has sunk five feet in the last 20 years. Stanford geologists plan to “refloat” it. ,
CONTMIBUTORS— (Continued from page 2) medicine road.'The whole vast adventure is one of the most colorful pages in the history of America. Though these pioneers were an ill-, prepared and stupid lot, Mr. Davis has taken huge delight in telling of their incredible blunders and consequent hardships. The man has little to learn from his contemporaries. I predict that he is a writer worth watching. His previous" experience has been small but worthy. After years of looking to the Marxists and the new intellectuals for a novel of this sort, the critics
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
to^do your own "washing when you
can have it
p .-'', ■■
these prices:
% ■'
Rough Dry...--...—.—-
.....—8c per lb.
All Flat Pieces Ironed.
is
Soft Dry—
..—...6c per lb.
All Flat Pieces Ironed.
1:
Damp'Wash—
.—....4c per lb.
All Ready to Irom
Call 3085
American
WEST SIDE BAPTIST—9:30, Roger Williams Student Class; Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:36, “The Strength of the Meek.” 5:30, Social HoUr, 10c lunch. 6:30, Roger Williams Club. Delegates to the Student Volunteer Convention held in Indianapolis during vacation will give talks. 7:30, “The Queer Preacher.”
thinking’ fellow calla A YELLOW :V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occasiona 2Sc per passenger any part of the city 8023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW GAB CO.
. LYLE E. FISHER ■ Watchmaker, This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry SL Opposite New Post Office
AG ..CONFERENCE— ■ (Continued from page 1) ent state associations will hold their annual meetings here during the week. The entertainment of the visiting agriculturists will not be neglected. Monday night will find the visitors attending a special livestock show in the judging pavilion at which time Purdue’s prize herds and flocks will be on display, while Tuesday night will bring one of the week’s highlights, the annual rural amusement contest which will be sfaiged in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. Prizes. will be awarded in three different classifications in the amusement contest, for which nearly two-score entries have already been received. The large group will be open to rural high schools, the small group to such organizations as Farm Bureaus and Home Economics clubs, and there will be in addition two special cur tain act divisions for one to three performers. Wednesday evening, the Purdue University Concert Choir will provide a special program of music under the direction of A. P, Stewart, following which Prof. G. W. McCuen, of Ohio. State University, will present a lecture illustrated with motion pictures on “European I Agriculture from Highways and Byways”. The final entertainment program on Thursday evening will be of a dual nature, with Barton Rees Pogue, Hoosier poet and hu morist, of Indiana University, talk’ ing on "The Lifter of Laughter” and the Swiss Singers from Berne presenting a program of songs and specialties.
■ KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
DR, A. M, IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
George Fortune, C. E. ’32, has just accepted, a position in structural design work with the Truscon Steel Company at Youngstown, O.
; DBAC HAS EVERYTHING ■ for a COLLEGE, education H. G. REISNER:
Risk Dental Cliiitc PAUL A. RISK ROBERT O. RISK . ' HAROLD,'. J, RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Comer 4th and Main
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Now! see what you buy in the great Florsheim Shoe
A special exhibit, sho'wing Florsheim shoes in the making .. . is now on display in our west window! See the inner construction of these famous shoes . , . then you’ll realize their great value I
The NYA has disclaimed liability for students injured while working on relief projects.
A Lim ited Selection Specially Priced at
Ybu’H find this your opportunity to secure shoes of famous Florsheim quality, in Scotch grains and other winter styles, at reductions both liberal and legitimate . .
A. B
E. E. BRONSON