i I P I
TOLUME SLVn 7 Prizes For Auto Essays Gonlest Open To Students'; ■; Any Theme _ ■ ^ :; In order to stimulate independent work on automotive subjects, the student chapter of the Society of Automotive Engineers will offer, during the present semester, seven different prizes for papers on automotive subjects prepared by students, it was announced last night by F. E. Woodling and John Duckworth, committee in charge of the new project. The prizes offered for papers of not more than 3,000 words, of either a technical or popular nature, will consist of one year enrolled student memberships in the Society of Automotive Engineers. The memberships carry with them a one year’s subscription to the Journal of the S. A. E., the right to attend meetings, and the use of all of the various bureaus, including the personnel and employment; bureaus. Two . Divisions First and second awards will be made to the best papers submitted , by each of the three lower classes, freshman, sophomore, and junior, while a single award will be offered for the best paper submitted by a member of the senior class A definate closing date for entries will be announced within the near future by the committee in charge, but in view of the fact that this date is expected to be set for early in April, all students intending to enter the contest are urged to launch their work immediately. No Definite Subject It was announced that the choice of subject will be left entirely to the individuals, the only stipulation being that the paper must cover some phase of the automotive field. In awarding prizes, the papers will be judged on content and composi-
tion.
Published Daily By Students Of Purdu^Dniversity LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1936
NUMBER 100
Clyde Byers To Play For Mixer Clyde Byers ;ahd ; his 11^^ Organized campus orchestra will provide the iritisie foir tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom^ Byersj formerly a member of Ralph Reynold’s organization, took ovOr that band when Reynolds dropped out of school. The same decorations that were Used for the Women’s Pan dance last night will be used for this evening’s event. The regular admission price of one dollar will
be charged.
Purdue Dads Plan Banquet ■ ' . I ■ . ; , Fathers In^ Chicago Area To Meet April 7 Plans for a banquet meeting of all “Purdue Dads” in the Chicagoland area to be held in Chicago oh Tuesday evening, April 7, were launched Thursday evening at an organization meeting of the Chicago “Purdue Dads’” committee, headed by John W. Favorite, of La Grange, chairman. The meeting was attended by Prof. Robert Phillips, of the University history and economics department, faculty adviser to the Dad’s Assembly, who has been assisting with the organization of local groups of Purdue Dad’s as recommended at the last general meeting _ of the assembly held ht
the University.
Feature Of Banquet As one of the features of the Chicago banquet, the Dad’s of prospective Purdue students will be invited to attend in order that they may become acquainted with the facilities of the institution. Although the complete program for the evening has not been announced as yet, it is expected that several University staff members will be among the speakers. Although the Chicago group is the first local organization of Purdue Dads that has been completed, the plans of the general Dad’s Assembly call for the organization of similar groups in various other centers over the country within the
near future.
Debate Squad AtTom'ney Freshmen, Varsity Attend Conference The University varsity and freshman debate teams left yesterday for Manchester college to participate in. the annual Midwestern college debate conference., Under the leadership of S. J. Trefil, freshman debate coach, and Halbert ,,Greves, also of the speech department, the teams will attempt to maintain the record set by last year’s squad. In 1935 the freshman won eight contests, losing none, while the varsity won eight of its ten debates. Varsity team members making the trip arq J. R. Smyth, R. W. Strauss, L. H. Thie, J, W. Fredericks, C. P. Ingwalson, and J. C. Sample. Freshman debaters are MC. Magnussen, Ralph Maby, R. H. Buckles, Harold Zweig, D. C. Harvey, and R. M. Sasser. 150 Teams Entered Approximately 150 teams representing sixty universities will participate in the meet. The proposition is “Resolved: That Congress should be empowered to override by a two-thirds majority vote decisions of the Supreme Court rendering acts of Congress unconsti-
tutional.”
Each team is to participate in five debates, making twenty contests in all. The squad will return to Lafayette this evening. Yesterday afternoon marked the first round of the tourney. Debates were slated for last night, this morning and this afternoon.
Florists Will Meet Here To Discuss Means Of Improyii^Yi^d, QtiaT^^ ity, Salability Growers, retailers and employees connected with Indiana’s floral industry will ga.ther here March 4 and 5 for the ninth annual Indiana Florists’ conference, to discuss ways and means of improving the yields^ quality, and salability of^ floral products. In addition to thie formal program of addresses and demonstrations on latest developments in the field, the tWo-day conference wiU feature a special floral exhibit in which Indiana growers will com pete in 24 different classes for ribbon premiums offered by the Indiana State Florists’ Association. Technical Session Following registration and the placing of exhibits in the morning, the conference will open Wednesday afternoon with a technical session presided over by Prof. Laurehz Greene, head of the University department of horticulture. Recent deVelopnients in greenhouse insect and disease control will be outlined by J. J. Davis and D. T. Gregory, of the University, while William C. Berterman, of Indianapolis, chairman of the Committee on plant patents of the Society of American Florists and Ornamental Horticulturists, Will cover tke general subject of plant patents. The program on the opening evening will include a cafeteria dinner, inspection of the University greenhouses, and a soil testing demon-
stration.
Thursday Sessions E. F. Steffen, of Vincennes, president of the Indiana State Florists’ Association, will preside over the opening sessions of Thursday morning, March 5. Floriculture research, Freesia breeding, and the application of the Social Security Act to the floral industry will be among the subjects discussed.
Over 400 Attend Women’s Pan Dance Moire Uian 200 coup^ ent at the Women’s Pan-Helle^^ formal dance ^ich; was : held last night in the Memonal UMpn Ballroom. Dick Cisne and his oic&estra funushed the music for the affair. Decorations consisted of a black and silver back-drop, and the musicians were arranged in tiers in front of panels on the backdrop, A huge silver crest added, to the beau-
ty of the scene.
Several formal dinners were given by the various co-ed organizations, and the Y. W. C. A. gave a concert beginning at 7:45 which was attended by the formally dressed couples before the dance.
BoOermaker Net Team Meets Northwestern
*
ili
Squad In Top Form After Week^s Practice
PUEDUE Kessler (C) ¥oumg
Elliott;. .Malaska
taimbert
P’ROBABLE LINEUP
.F.. F.. .C
NORTHWESTERN ....McMichaels .................... Tremkle ....................... Smith ..........L.......... Bender . .. . ... Vance (C>
T. J&kmston Rests After Operatmn “My throat’s a little sore, but I’ll be back at the office soon,” said Tommy Johnston, publicity director for the University, when interviewed about his tonsilitis operation that took place Tuesday at the Home hospital. “Have you ever had your tonsils out?” he inquired. To our “no” he commented, “Boy, you’ve got something to experience”. Tommy was forced to rest at home for the last few days despite his prediction that he’d be back at the office yesterday.
Another Case Lost— But This Time It’s Different A black traveling case, belonging to a student of Eureka College j was lost near the campus early yesterday morning. The finder is requested to contact Prof. Frank Hall, or notify the attendant at, the Union desk.
Steer Discusses Stuttering ’ “There are four main causes of stuttering,” stated M. D. Steer, director of the University speech clinic, in the second of a series of lectures designed to aid stutterers. The lectures, which are given each Friday afternoon at 4 p. m in room 310 of University Hall, are intended to give psychological and therapeutical assistance to stutter-
ers.
Causes The causes of stuttering, according to Mr. Steer are: heredity, i. e., stutterers are prevalent in family lines; brain in jury/ wherein fihe speech area of the brain has been injured; emotional factors, the effect of the nervous system; and physical and mental diseases. Of the latter, research has found such infectious diseases as whoopingcough, small pox, measles, diphtheria, and pneumonia which are contracted during the pre-school period to have a decided effect on speech.
Military Band. . Announces New Appointments • Appointments to the honorary grade of Musicians in the Purdue military band for the second semester were announced yesterday by the band headquarters. Members of the organization who have , advanced their technical knowledge and appreciation of music were
honored.
The recent appointments are as
follows:
To be Chief Musician: J. F. Spahr. To be Superior Musicians: H. Y. Hunsicker, D. C., Parsons, G. J. Easley, J. M. Evans, G. E. McCullough. To be Principal Musicians: P. C. Hosking, E. F. Eueck, P. E. Flebbe, C. A. Reichelderfer, C. G. Bigelow, D. C. McCarty, A. R. Johnson. To be Musicians: K. B. McEachron, C. P. Hall, 0. W. Miller, E. M. Wray, H. Strang, E. H. Stinebaugh, F. B. Wilson, B. O. Pressler, C. M. Jorgeson, W. H. Deitch, J. C. Sanders, F. C. Baase, W. H. Smith. Requirements To receive the honor rank of Principle Musician, the student must play with proficiency displaying tone quality, instrument technique, correct note values, tone enunciation, and-ability to do ensemble work effectively. Those aspiring to the rank of Superior Musicians and CMef Musician must show a knowledge of scales, harmony, transposition, instrumentation, tempos, pitch, registers, band arrangements, and the technique of conducting. The latter two grades are restricted to those taking the advanced course in military bands.
AH Men To ' Give Pageant Knighting Of Loin” Will Be Re-en-acted At Banquet The famous ceremony in which King Charles II created “Sir Loin” by knighting the loin Of beef will be re-enacted in pageant form by the members of the University Animal Husbandry club in the Home Economics Building on Tuesday evening, March 3, at 6:30 o’clock, marking the third annual observance of the unique event. The origin of the ceremony goes back to the seventeenth century, when the British monarch knighted the loin of beef, which has since been known as sirloin, in order to give it a place of honor among delicacies designed to please the palates of the nobility. Since that time, the ceremony has been preserved as an honored tradition down through the centuries.
Dinner
Guests will be served from the loin of a purebred 19 month old Angus steer, which weighed 1,140 pounds, and was bred and fed by the animal husbandry department. The steer was slaughtered Tuesday and is now undergoing the ripening process in order to fit it for the connoisseur of ripe, juicy, beef
I'oast.
All animal husbandry students and staff members, including winter course students, are eligible to attend the novel banquet.
, . ' ’"ByfFRED'MULL ,
With every member in prime condition for their return tilt with Northwestern tonight after a. very satisfactory week , of practice, twelve “rdugh'-riding” Purdue men departed last night on the 5:58 train for Chicago in high hopes of applying the proverbial steam roller to the Wildcat crew in
Patten Gymnasium.
Although the Northwestern quintet is now in the second division of the Big Ten standing, as a result of their two defeats at the hands of Purdue and Illinois last week-end, the Evanston hardwood five proved a dangerous foe for the Boilerniakers because of their unusually
tight defense. Watch Kessler
The dominating feature in the play of the Lambex-tmeh will be the usual flashy antics of Capt. Bob Kessler, who has a more than even chance to overtake Bill Haarlow in the individual scoring race. The ■ Puii’due All-American already has a higher average of points per game than the Chicago ace and will even the count in the number of games played tonight since the Midway school will be idle. Although Kessler has a fine chance of taking first honors in the individual race, he must average 17 points in the four remaining games to set new all-time record, now held by Joe Reiff, of Northwestern, who collected a total of 167 points in 1932-33. The squad held , their final drill session Thursday afternoon and • Continued on page 4)
Sig Nu’s To Give Union Program Sigma Nu fraternity will present a male dancing chorus and the Rhythm Rascals”, with Bill Engles as master of ceremonies at the Memorial Union cafeteria tomorrow evening as part of the “fraternity night” series. A cup, similar to that won by Kappa Sigma last semester, will be awarded to the best group performers during this semester.
NYA CHECKS
Checks for period ending on January 31 may now be obtained at cashier’s office.' ! —SODDEN.
YWGA Gives First All Co-ed Concert Beginning a new activity of Y. W. C. Aj., co-eds of the University presented a concert last night at Eliza Fowler Hall preceding the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance. The concert, the first of its kind to be presented entirely by co-eds of this campus, was under the direction of Jayne Bennewitz and was sponsored by the arts group of Y. W. Students, faculty memers, townspeople and nnmerotis couples formally attired for the Pan-Hellenic dance composed the audience. Sylvia Zussin, freshman in the science school, opened the program with two piano numbers followed by the Friend Trio. Two harpists, Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith, played solos and a duet; Eddie Mae Brown, rendering two violin selections, and Ann Sims, singing several numbers, added variety to the progi^m. Mildred Rhodes accompanied several individuals in addition to playing two solos.
Educators Hear Elliott Seven From Here Attend St. Louis Meetings The University is well represented at the educational meetings being held in St. Louis, Mo., this week and next week. With a number of staff members leading discussions and presenting papers on a variety of topics. Pres. E. C. ElUott led the forum discussion before the National Vocational Guidance Association yesterday morning on the subject “Administrative Problems in Apprentice Training”. j Dr. H. H. Remmers Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the^ division of educational reference, will deliver two addresses on the invitation of the National Education Association. The first, which will be delivered before the National Association of College Teachers of Education, is titled “College Training as Affected by Education Research”. The second will be delivered before the American Education Research Association on “The Implications of Attitudes as Outcomes of Education”. / Other Staff Members ' Other University staff members who are attending the meetings in St. Louis include Prof. M. L. Fisher, dean of men; Dr. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women; Clare Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women; Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel for the schools of engineering; and Dr. Harriet O’Shea, personnel director for women.
C/lf>T Bob
Bob Kessler, All-American forward and captain of the Big Ten leaders, will oppose another former Hoosier high school star, Duke Vance, Wildcat captain and ace backguard, tonight in the game between Purdue and Northwestern
at Evanston.
Dr; Mary Lee Will Speak To Co-eds At Marital Lecture Dr. Mary Morgan Lee will deliver the second of a series of marital lectures for senior women Tuesday evening at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The subject of her talk will be “The Psychological Aspects of Married Life”. Dr. Lee is a Chicago physician and has addressed co-ed groups on the campus in previous years. Only senior women will be admitted to these lectures, but schedule cards Will not be necessary, as names will be checked from a list compiled by W. S. G. A. ,
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, Feb. 24, at 4 p. m., m Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Choir To Present Two Concerts The University Concert cWir will present two programs Sunday, leaving at 12:45 for Huntington, where they will present a concert in the First Presbyterian churebt at 4:30. From thex’e the choir will go to the Fix’st Methodist Churci^ in^ Fort Wayne for a second concert. Both programs will be varied, with Charlotte Stewart, John Brubaker, and Riley Shuttleworth featured as soloists. Following the Fort Wayne concert the choir will go to the home of John Brubaker for dinner.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of D, C. Harvey* %- tavia, N. Y., and M. L. Kaiser, Louis, Mo.
Ipil :ii IliijsBteKd M neond oImb Blatter at tfaa post office, Ladayeftte, Indiaaa. Ddiver^ by nan, $8 60 per year, dellTered by earner, $2 60 per year, gold by aingle copy, z eenta.
MAIK OFFlCK-812 North Fifffi Straet
Bditorial Fhonc 6087
Dhilj Stadent Pablicstioni of Purdue University
BDITOaiAL BTAFF „ . _ _ _ „ a. T Hdoser „ __C HL Campbell
_ ^ M Chaataen, 0 M. H^din, W. T Hunt, *. H. Morris, M. G, Walther _ _ _ „ „ 17. B Hays
_ " _ „ » F Mull, Jt BL Walpoli?, L. D Wood
phomore Aesistants ^ K A Barnette, J B Brock, A H Forster,
C Harper, Jr , R. P Manion, C L Sadler, R C Schenk, J L wn
Bold and Black Editor - W. » Abbott ” BUSINESS STAFF « * v
W. A Koch
H. F Antonini L. H Brown R. Creek, D O Miller
Bditor>fai-Chief — ManaEine Editor. Associate Editors Sports Editor _
Assocmte Sports Editors
S^homo
Business Manaser. AdvertisinK Manager Adyertising Assistants
WOMBNTI ITAW , „„„
Joyce Williams
I .Helen Creech, Edna Hntson, KUon Mann „ Jean Brown, Jean Soehner Marjorie Louis,
Jeanne Janousek, Dons McCartney Elizabeth Pyfce, Esther/Turley
AdrertbinE Manager^— „ Josephine Perkins
Editor Associate Editors. - Sophomore Assistants
Saturday, February 22, 1936.
Issue Editor—P. Mamion.
To The Class Of ’36 Lucky You Members of the present graduating class should consider themselves among the most fortunate people in the country if business barometers and the predictions of forecasters are true. For the past five years, virtually the entire world has been passing through one of the most gruelling sieges of economic warfare that the present world has known. The pyramids of speculation came as an aftermath of the overactivity of the war period, and the crash preceded unknown depths of the business cycle. If there was ever a period of time in the world’s history that could be called ideal for assimilating a few facts and gaining preparation for later years, it has been in these years that the present graduating class has been hiding from the “outside”. True, financial limitation in a majority of instances has wrought hardships on many in an endeavor to gain an education, but so has it been in all fields. With the first ray of encouragement, business will emerge from its dormant stage to one of development and expansion Revival brings with it the demand for trained workers—more ^jnan power and more brain power. The Class of _’36, after four ^years of separation from the business world, will graduate as business graduates into a new era. And so we say—“Lucky you”. Now, just to top things off, we need a real good snow. YEA! A Stable Popiilation Economic and social reformers find their problems made more difficult in a country whose population is rapidly increasing. In attempting to stabilize society, the large annual increase which the United States has maintained to date is a tremendous obstacle. According to the census bureau, the population of the nation is now about 127,521,000, an increase of 4,746,000 over the 1930 census. Other factors, deaths and immigration being among the most prominent, are important in a study of population. With a decrease in the accident death rate to 77.6 per 100,000 in 1935 from 82,4 in 1912, and a similar slump in the general death rate to 1,100 per 100,000 in 1936 from 1,400 in 1912, it seems that death is decreasing in relative importance. Immigration, also, has ceased to occupy the spotlight since the tide turned in 1932, when, for the first time in over a hundred years, there was an increase in emigration to the point where it far surpassed immigration According to statistical experts, the population of this country is expected to increase less and less rapidly until 1960, when it is estimated that a stable level will be reached. While there is conceivably much dispute as to the date, the increasing spread of information about birth control has done much to make this assumption more probable, as has the encroachment of women into the business world That there will be a larger proportion of old people in the eventually stable population is assured by the rapid strides being made by medical science —^W. T. H
/
“WINCH-JUNIOR” made the most valuable contributions of the week and may collect the MyiRS! double-pass anytime today. I’ve been the sourest punner of the week and 1*11 chew the DOUBLEMINT myself. A SAD STORY We sat together. Worked together, AH semester long— Played together, Strolled together, Happy as a song— Then Crammed together, Flunked together, Wonder what was wrong???? —Swiped. A letter to the Lovelorn Editor found its way into my box It contained a rather intimate question about “Rosie” Budge By way of answer I can only say “I dimno Wll refer same to the circulation manager He gets around. . . “What IS the difference between a model woman and a woman model ’’* “One is a bare possibility—^the other a naked fact ” FOR BEECHNUT DRAKE AND DOUBLEMINT McCONNELL: The gum-chewing co-ed And the cud°chew!ng mw Are somewhat alike, Yet different somehow. But how can that be? Oh, yes. I see now— It’s the calm thoughtful look. On the face of the cow. —J. R. S.
WESLEY FOUNDATION (West Lafayette M. E.). Prof. Trimble will speak to the Purdue Epworth League tomorrow evening at 6:30, on “The Psychology of Religion”. Supper will be served at the Foundation, 436 State St., at 6 p. m. At the morning Sunday school, 9:30, Prof Hadley is to speak on “Prayer”.
WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST. Roger Williams studefit class—Professor Theodore Noss will teach. Church at 10:35, Rev. J. B. Glea son will speak on “Who Shall See God?” 5-30—student social hour Ten cent lunch will be served at 6 10. Florence Sevior will lead the discussion ) at 6’30. 7 30—church service—sermon—“Selected”.
fi
W X
/fi
!
tv 4 J ^
Saturday. RB|)fuary 22>
* CO-EDITS
Dr. O. C. Trimble To Address Epwortb League Tomorrow “Psychology of Religion” will be the subject of Dr 0 C Tumble at the regular meeting of the Epworth League tomorrow night at the West Side M E church Due to interest aroused by Di Tumble on previous appearances before the league, he IS speaking again on the same topic A special worship program is planned in conjunction with the talk
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN. Mr A. F. Messenger, of the department of economics, will speak to the student group at 9‘30 tomoriow morning. His theme will be “Christianity and Patriotism’ At Sunday Evening club at 6 30, Mr G. T Miller will discuss “Can the Gambler Win’” His answer will be from the viewpoint of a
mathematician
FIRST CHRIStlAN Student class at 9 30—guest speaker. Church services at 10.45. Christian Endeavor Social hour at 6*30, with lunch following. The Nineteenth Student Annual Banquet, the highlight of the year, will be held at 6 30 p m, Friday, Feb. 28. The program will be centered around the leap yeai idea Prof. F R. Hall will be the pimcipal speaker of the evening All presidents of student organizations will give short talks. Miss Mary Godfrey, contralto, will sing, and Mr A. E. Kemmer will act as toastmaster. Tickets may be obtained from Herman Barrie or Miss Nellie Cameron, for 35 cents ^ JOHN’S EPISCOPAL Captain B F Hayford, of the military department, is to address the Young People’s Fellowship Hour at 7 o’clock tomorrow evening on the subject of “Hawaii”, where he was on duty some years ago. This promises to be an outstanding talk. Morning service begins at 10:46.
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments oi good taste and seasonable length from its readers Typewritten articles are preSerred, Resent Convo Audience To the Editor: About Purdue convocations: We students at Purdue are fortunate in having the opportunity of hearing wonderful and inspiring music at our convocations. However, we sympathize heartily with the artists who must perform under such adverse conditions. It is bad enough with the gymnasium as an auditorium, with street cars buzzing back and forth, telephones jingling, and cats meowing; but as though these handicaps were not enough, some students have to whisper and laugh throughout the concerts. If those few who are not interested enough to keep quiet would kindly stay at home with their chatter we would be very grateful.—S. T. B.
To the Editor: Gnats: To the group attending Thursday’s convo who snorted, chuckled and giggled at intervals through the concert. To the buxom lass and her long-haired date, who so audibly voiced opinions about someone’s coat. To the woman who chose to announce to Miss Mildner and the audience the fact that she would burn her diary if she kept one, when Miss Mildner was playing delightfully the “Wanderer Fantasie”. To the girl who had what smelled like one-fourth dram of heavy scent upon her person. To the sweat-shirted boy who crunched on chewing gum the whole evening. And the largest number of the buzzing insects to the persons who throughout the entire evening kept up a steady drone of noise—the perfect convo disrupters.-^. D. J.
SMUS/COMICAL STARS 10 AMAZIN6 SON6 HITS 100 BEAUTIFUL GIRLS
Starts TOMORROW
I<AST TIMBS TOBAY HERBERT MARSHALL JEAN ARTHUR •P “If You Could Only Cook”
“Despite all the cry for metallic and sparkling fabrics, there is a novel fabric for the evening mode. Made entirely of cellophane, the delightful translucency and unusual softness of this fabric belies the impractibilitysone would expect of cellophane for dress material.” The above paragraph is Hot aa excerpt from an American college girl’s fashion magazine. It is quoted from the fashion page of the Chinese Digest, a weekly publication of the Chinese of San Francisdo. Its staff has two female members—Miss Clara Chan runs the fashion page, and Miss Ethel Lum contributes a page on sociological problems, to be met with by the Chinese m San Francisco. On the sport page we read of the interest of Chinese girls in tennis Erline Lowe, Mary Chan, Jennie Chew, Lucille Jung, Waite Mg, and Betty Won ranked fiist in the Chinese Tennis Association tournament. In the society columns, Chinatownia, we read a note of the success of the Tenth Annual Dance of the Young Chinese Athletic club. From Portland is the news that Miss Eva Moe with her violin is an assistant in the Girl Reserve club and a “leading spirit in glee club and choir activity”. On the page with an advertisement of Jessie’s Beauty shop, we read that a giaduate of a San Francisco beauty culture school has entered into paitnership and opened a beauty shop in Honolulu. On Miss Chan’s fashion page we read not only the note above but also many other notes of the latest in styles. The “mode for the evening calls for draping fullness, concentrated in the back, low-cut decollette, panels floating off behind” adding grace and litheness to the figure. Gowns must “portray the Grecian influence”. Miss Chan adds that “nothing refreshes one’s spirit” as a “perky hat” of velours in the jeweled “renaissance shades” We can’t lead such language as Miss Chan uses and help but realize that the Chinese girls think along the same lines as a co-ed.—F McK.
Ro Co EISENBACH Jeweler amd Optometrist 504 Main Street
A® C SPECIAL Midnight Show Tonight at 11:30
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING PM Kappa featemity annoimces the pledging of J. M. Suardi, Clinton, and J E Wilson, Hammond.
Not Too Late to Enroll In Our New Adult Beginner’s Ballroom Class A pnvate lesson will be griven free of iiliargre Wed., Feb. 26, 7:00 p. m. To those who were unable to attend the first lesson Beginner’s Tap Class Wed , Feb 26, 8.30 p m
ALLEN’S
6th & Perry
Family SUNDAY - MONDATT A BANDWAGON of iNf iRTASNMiNTI My SBC, LAFFS, STABS, JOY, ROMANCE, PyN, EVERVTHIINGi
w«ao« toi* f This picture was awarded the Pulitzer Prize and Fine Arts Medal for the Best Picture of 1936
“Three Live Ghosts'
TEAM A mEM. fattii Rife vitk romance! RolilcMng with adventure! Spiked with excitement! Flaring with laughter! wMmsimmm COPPERFiBLDf mm SENSATION oh ''TNE IN FOB MB R Dh^MON RUNYON'S OiOilA STHAm MiCHAil, WHALiH Starts TOMORROW LAST TIMES TODAY ^ ^ EDDIE CANTOR “Strike Me Pink”
/I
Ai$ifiiiative Debate Team Meets Xa'Vier U# St. XaVior University’s negative team debated ihe University men’s conference affirmative team yesterday afternoon in a non-decision contest at Frankfort high school. Charles ^Dick) Petticrew and Robert Royster represented Purdue. The quesflSion was “Resolved: That Congress should be empowered to override by a two-thirds majority vote decisions of the Supieme Court rendering acts of Congress unconstitutional.”
Newman Club To Hold Meeting Tomorrow Members of the University Newman club will receive Holy Communion at the 8 o’clock mass tomorrow morning in St. Mary’s church m memory of the mother and grandfather of Father Leo A. Pursley, chaplain of the organization Aftei this, they will have breakfast, consisting of waffles, among other things, m the banquet room of Wheeler’s restaurant, followed by the regular monthly meeting.Swimmers Will Clmh In Only Big Ten Swim Meet Here By C. G. Bigelow The Sbiletnisiker splashers. will match finis with Wisconsin today in their first and only Big Ten naeet here. Though the Badges left Madison hopes of losing Indiana and Purdue in their wake, after the battle with Indiana yesterday they mil be hard pressed to realize this Optiniistic ideal. Wisconsin intends to bring from 13 to 18 menj and if they arrive in Lafayette early enough the meet will start at 2 p. rii. instead of 2:30 as previously announced. LaBree’s mermen are in fine shape, except for a few colds aad one ankle injury. The ankle was injured when Davenport, senior diver, slipped Off the board during practice and cut and sprained it on the side of the pool. Davenport is reported to be in Shape for diving again, and he and Barnes, also a senior, plan to hand the diving Badgers a tough submerging
contest.
Time Trials Recent time trials are encouraging; there are about eight men from whom Coach LaBree expects big things. Vernor, Closson, and Wallace are particularly outstanding. The team is made up mostly of juniors; there are a few sophs, and the two seniors. Ineligibilities that have previously handicapped the Boilermaker team have been ironed out, so that now the boys feel they have a winning streak coming. Captain VernOr and Bob Stewart will paddle down their lanes for Purdue against Thorsen and"Nitcher in the 60, and against Kelliher and Paunack in the 100 yard free style. “Closson, Whitcomb, Wallace, and Gillis will show Simonsen, Dille, and Wagner how Boilermaker mermen steam over the 220 and 440 yard courses free style. • Grudzina vs. Kerber Wisconsin’s back stroker, Grudzina, will attempt to out splash Gordon Kerber in 160 yards. Van Delester, Sophomore Boilermaker will take on Liebman and Van Vleet in the 200 yard breast stroke. The 400 yard free style relay will be swum by Kelliher, Uitcher, Mason and Wortley for Wisconsin and four from Vernor, Steward, Clossen, Gilbert and Wallace for Purdue. Simonsen, Wortley, and Thorsen wiir show Davenport and Barnes how Badgers can dive. There is a possibility that Coach Steinauer’s mermen and Coach LaBree’s seahorses will mix it in a bit of water polo after the meet.
Jeff Downs West Side In Tight Contest, 23-21 Jefferson High* School of Lafayette proved its superiority over West Side last night, when it defeatod ltoe Scarleto 23 to 21 % hip and tuck hot contest at the Jeff Gym. The West Side teaih> traditional rival of the Brohchps, provided stiff competition for the widely praised Jeff team in their game last night holding the Brori' chos to eight points in the last half and scoring the same nuhiber of
points themselves.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Kappa Sigma fraternity announces the pledging of B. M. Callender, and J. L. Thompson, both of Indianapolis, and P. D. Malaska,
Lafayette.
Silver Derby To Provide Thrills At'IM Carnival Among the many events to be presented at the intramural carnival on the evening of March 4, the Silver Derby is sure to be one of the best. At the last Carnival this feature gave the audience by far the most thrills. There will be eight events in the Derby with four fraternities entered in each event, and medals will be given the,* winner in each group. Seven relays provide the competition for" the honors among the Greeks. Pour men are to be entered from each house and each man must circle the floor once. The trials for the boys include tricycle, horseback, barrel, sack, wheelbarrow, crutch, and three-legged races. These obstacles proAdde plenty of laughs along with the tension of close com-
petition.
Greek Competition Organized men in the other branches of the Carnival will continue the ■ fraternal struggle throughout the evening. As in previous years, an evening of unusual entertainment is in store for all those attending. Other scheduled attractions include wrestling, boxing, relays, roller skating, tug-of-war, roper-climb-ing, walking and tumbling. Winners will earn points for the participation trophies. Five points will be awarded for winning in each of the combined events and three points for eadh individual
winner. „
Following is the drawing for the scheduled events: Tricycle—Kappa Delta Kho vs. Phi Kap pa. Tau Kappa, Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Horseback—-Delta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Nu vs. Delta Tau Delta. Barrel—Kappa -Sigma vs. Sigma Chi. Theta Chi vs. Theta Tau. Sack-^Delta Upsilon -ys. Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa- Tau\ vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. ■^eelbarrow-^Phi Ghmma Delta vs. . Phi Sigma Kappa.' Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma
Pi.
Crutch—Beta Theta Pi vs. Triangle. Pirathon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Three-legged—:Alpha Tau Omega vs. Del--ta Sigpia I^ambda. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Sigina.
Ice Camiyai Will Feature Broad-Jumping University skaters will compete in the first annual Ice-skating Carnival this afternoon at the flooded baseball field next to the Armory; These skaters, will compete for the gold and siltof medals to be ed to fhe wtofiers of the yafibus eyehts scheduled by the intramural
departmehtt'
: The broad-jumtong competition; which is the feature of the afternoon, will be an exhibition well worth the tirie spent by tlibse attending , the carnivaL The winner will be the person clearing the tivo, thirty inch standards when they afje farthest apart. Persons 'mtnessing the performers on^the rink during the past few weeks will voUch for the skill of the . skaters in this department of the game. Other attractions, sUch as the 220 yard dash, half-mile race, 220 yard backward race, 220 yard mixed doubles race, and figure skating for both men and women, are scheduled to fill the bill for the afternoon. The mixed doubles race should provide plenty of entertainment for the spectators, when the women advocates of the sport team with the male skaters to out-sprint each other for a, distance of 220
yards.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity announces the pledging of S. J. Camp, Howe, and C. W. Hamilton, Gary.
132 • Vine St. W. Lafayette.
&©,
641 Main St. Lafayette
MT Finalists Box Tuesday
Start Monday Since the weather seems determined to continue its stubborn spell of alternate freezing and thawing, preventing normal activity in the way of outdoor sports, the Purdue football candidates will report on Mcmduy for |he ihitmV spring drill; Assistant Coach Mai Elward anhwhcgd yestordUy. •Outoobf toer^ outs arg ut present ii^ but limited sessions wdll be launched Monday aftoto9<^b on the tanbafk in the livestock jud^ng pavilion, Uccording to ,Elward. BecaUse of the limited of the pavilion, Elward announced that the squad wriU be split into two sections for the indoor workouts, each section to orwk two days
a week. Groups
The backs, ends, and centerv are to work in one group that will practice Monday and Tuesday afternoons, while the remainder of the linemen wdll have their workouts on Wednesday and Thursday after-
noons.
With Noble E. Rizer, athletic director and head football coach, slated to return here the middle of next week from the football rules committee meeting in Palm Springs, Calif., it had been expected that outdoor spring drill would be launched the first week in March but judging from the present condition of the practice fields it will be late in the month before outdoor drills can be initiated.
Lions To Give Net Banquet To EntOTtain Basket, ball Squads At Dinner Purdue’s colorful basketball sto*^ And Goadi Wafd I^^ will be guests of honor at the annual basketball banquet sponsored tor the Lafayetto Idpn’s c on Wednesday evening, March 11» inf the Memoidal Union Building, it was announced last night by^ PTof. Robert Phillips, of the University, Chairman of the activities committee of Uie organization. In addition to Prof. Phillips, other members of the committee in charge of the gala gathering in honor of the Boilermaker basketeers will be F. J. Roberts, bam quet; Lester Swank, tickets, and Ed Sherlock, decorations.
Announcement
In cooperation with Coach Lambert, the Lions’ club is making arrangements to obtain an outstand-
ing speaker m the headUner oT m evening’s progrant, and id
.. . ,
gardtae tha apadke, vHMn tte ;
near future.
The evening's program will be ' fe^tared by the announcement of ' ’ - letter awards for the season which' ' .J will come to a close with the < <i' gan game at Ann Arbor, on Mar. % ^
and the election of a captain for
the 1937 quintet. /.\ V
Guests ■ ;
In ad^on to the varsity basket- ' ' s
ball players, the members cf the
freshman varsity basketball squad
will be among the guests of the evening, and as an additional feature of the program annouhe^tott will be made of the award fresh-
man varsity numerals.
Detailed announcements in fm gard to the ticket sales plmis for the evening will be made within the near future. *
1 rv
f 4i
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Triangle fraternity aimouneeS the pledging of E. K. Lown, Batavia, N.J.; R. C. Zimmer, Daytwij Ohio; and J. E, Hammer, Columbia
That^s where We shine, dr
our
■'rogram Set 0e Corps Day As a climax to the boxing program initiated last fall by the military department, the final bouts of the tournament will be held at the corps formation next Tuesday. A ring will be set up in the middle of the floor, and after the corps has formed, the batteries will fall out and watch the matches. The primary purpose of the tour nament is to create interest in boxing so that future junior officers may uphold Purdue’s reputation at summer camp. Several years agO Purdue boxers were very proficient, but because of the lack of interest they have not shown up so well in the past few years. From the interest shown, it seems likely that the junior officers a couple of years from now will make a fine showing at summer camp. ■ 0 Managers The boxers will be managed by cadet officers acting as athletic
officeirs this semester, and decisions will be made by two regular officers. Coach Maxwell, who has been coaching the fighters, Vdll referee. Following is a list of the finalists with their weight class and battery: 116 lb. class—^L. S. Phelps, E-2 vs. L. F. Hatfield, E-2. 125 lb. class—J. W. Beers, E-1 vs. H. G. Noll, S-2. 135 lb. class—R. Bertonejni, H-3 vs. J. M. Rosenberg, C-2. 146 lb. class—^D. Martin, H-3 vs.
R. Heine, H-2.
158 lb. class—D. C. Fofburger, H-3 vs. H. H. Moses, F-2. 176 lb. class—R. Bostwick, H-3 vs. j. R. Bonebrake, B-2. Heavyweight class—L. W. Sink, H-I vs. A; S. Place, S-3. W. Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Indianapolis Star, has picked Northwestern to defeat Purdue from one to four points. He also accurately prophesied Purdue’s defeat at the hands Cf Indiana on the gridiron last fall. Can be be
right this time?
let us supply the linen on a rental basis.
WE SUPPLY
WHY BUY?
BWWTJMfi PRICES REDVCEP Monday, Tuesday, 'Wednesday, Thursday and Friday front 12 to 6 p. m. and on Sunday after 6 p. m., oar howlii^ prices have been reduced to 15c a line. I^fayette Ilnwlliig. Alleys • 220 N.' 6th St., near Main
Goodness
UkUMIlKY IIRY CLEAMIMCS smmm ii]ekai»im€s ^ . HAT CTEAMiMU All of these services at the lowest prices for quality work. Put it all in one bundle and call 3085. lerican AND CLEANING CO.
310 MAIN STo
Seating Capacity—250 Persons Sunday Menu^ February 239 1936 Serving Hours —12 M.-3 P. M. — 5 P. M.-8 P. M.
50 c ■ DeLuxe Dinner Chicken Broth with Tiny Vegetables or Chilled Tomato Juice BAKED CHICKEN Cranberry Sauce CHOICE T-BONE STEAK French Fries ROAST LOIN OF PORK Red Apple Rings Fluffy Whipped or Glazed Sweet Potatoes New Cauliflower au Gratin or Creamed New California Carrots or Buttered Tiny June Peas Filled Peach Salad Celery Dressing Hot Cloverleaf Rolls i Choice of Home Made Pie or Cake Ice Cream or Sherbet or Small Pineapple Salad, Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
40c Dinner No. 2 SPECIAL CLUB steak ; French Fries SAUTED VEAL CUTLET Creole Sauce Fluffy Whipped or Candied Sweet Potatoes Creamed New California Carrots or Butter^ Tiny June Peas Filled Peach Salad Celery Dressing Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Small Pineapple Sundae Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
45 c Dinner No, 1 Baked Chicken .Cranberry Sauce ROAST LOIN OP PORK Red Apple Rings Fluffy 'Whipped or Glazed Sweet Potatoes New Cauliflower au Gratin or Creamed New C^iforhia Carrots or. Buttered Tiny June Peas Filled Peach Salad Celery Dressing V Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Small Pineapple Sundae Coffee ^ Tea Milk Buttermilk
35 c Special Dinner CREAMED GIBLETS Mushrooms and Rice en Casserole VEGETABLE PLATE Orange Sherbet Fluffy Whipped or Candied Sweet Potatoes Creamed New California Carrots or Buttered Tiny June Peas Filled Peach Salad Celery Dressing Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Small Pineapple Sundae Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
WE CATER TO SPECIAL PARTIES AND DINNERS ASK FOR MISS KELLEY ■;
A pl^e is known by the people who frequent it . . . the Union Cafeteria by the people whom it serves. Just a look at the happy throng of satisfied students who make a habit of eating here regularly and you’ll faow that our food is the very best . . . that it is wonderfully cooked to satisfy most exacting appetites. Such popularity is the best reason why
Union Cafeteria DDWNSTAIKS IN THE PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
IClassified Ads.
tyPfeWRITMS iWMNG »IAsale, Irent, repair^ itid MujgHti Mtiltigrapli and niiine-* p^iiph wprk done. C. P. Ebershoff, 6011 Main St. Phone 2770. For Reht-MGood. single roomBoard available. 432 N. Gtant. Lost—E. & E. slide rule tdthout case. Reward. Call p. N. Wait, 36204.
STONE
Lost Opptnrtnnities
Board for two students. Good food. 602 Northwestern. Call 6918.
Men Stndents—^Room and board at 6 Waldron. $4 for 18 meals. Call 2671.
Lost—^Brown Leather Note Book in Union. Call 71793 if found. Reard.
For Rent—^Room for rent. In a modem apartment for one or two girls. Phone 7050, 404% Wood St.
Mot ICES No notices scented 8 9. at.
Co-ed Ping-Pongr—The following games must be played Monday. If your opponent does not arrive within 10 minutes of the scheduled time consider the game forfeited. Write results on the bulletin board. 4:00, Scudder and Deer, game 1; Eichey and Wolfe, game 2. At 4 :30, winner of game t vs. Arnold. Winner of game 2 vs. McDermid. —DIETRICH.
Union Workers—^The following members of our committees will meet in the subbasement Monday at 4: Reid, Mueller, Morrison, Kellner, Jones, Ganet, Swann, Bowman, McWilliams, Bain, Lyons, Martin, Jarrett, Stallings, Marshall, Evans, Wantland, Blank, Linville, Vogle, Chapin, Perkins, Best, Pyke, and freshman staffs. —SHOEMAKER, OHAVER.
Uni^ii Workers—Our committed meet in the Union office Monday at 4. —KUEHN, ANSPACH.
Union Workers;—My committee meet in the sub-basement Monday at 4. —PUGH.
MT 6 Students—Report on the second floor of the Armory to Captain Hayford at 11 a. m. Feb. 25, for innoculations. Uniform hot required. —HAYFORD.
W. A. A.—^Tumbling Monday at 4. —WALKER.
Organic Chemistry—Condition exams in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m., in room 101 of the Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. —NELSON.
P. 1. A. Ghoriis—Rehearsal tomorrow afternoon at 2 in Wesley Foundation. Monday rehearsal postponed till Tuesday at 7 :30 in tower room. —WHITE.
Kansas Students Plan Library Steps During recent cold weather, students of the University of Kansas decreed the steps leading to the campus library unsafe. At the suggestion of the Daily Kansan, student publication of the Lawrence school, members of the civil engineeririg classes prepared plans for new and safer steps. A bill for $6,500 for the work Was passed by the state legislature.
EEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and' padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. P, Jos. Mulhampt & Spn 209-11 North Fifth St^et^' Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
The tkinking fellow calls . A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
In a country of the' wealth and variety of America, in every del^il, the opportunities for creating reputable Works of art cbncesming s-oirie phase of the nation’s life are innumerable. The land offers the richest fare to almost any type of creative artist in the field of letters, arid the artist has to do very little searching to find food for his pen. Yet, it seems to me, writers have overlooked opportunities and advantages that no other nation on earth can supply, and many of the best and most capable have stead fastly refused to even touch some of the storehouses of material. Let us review briefly the reputable writers the nation has brought forth to date and endeavor to sub stantiate our argument. The first of the artists (so-call-ed) of letters in the land of the Pilgrim’s Pride was Washington Irving. He used, undoubtedly, entirely native iriaterial in his short stories arid essays. But think what a man of his ability left untouched. He insisted on confining himself to the legendary romance of the lower Hudson valley, but unfortunately the man refused to go further south than what is probably Harmon,
New York, today.
Certainly the harbor metropolis of New York must have beckoned, even begged, for literary treatment, and yet the interesting and varied life of that rich community Was left without immortalization in letters. We find a little of New York in Irving’s essays on the theatre (written under the name of Jonathan Oldstyle), but only enough to make us long for more. Has the situation changed much iri the last one hundred and forty years? Unfortunately, tragically, it has not. Today New York stands, a soaring monument to the enterprise of man —perhaps a monument to sordid and cheapened materialism—-but within its walls there is packed more life than in most of the west-
ern hemisphere.
What of Poe? The man answers the question. Genius that he was, he left nothing of truly American heritage save his literary and dramatjic criticisrii; probably the best criticism written in the country, It is indeed true, as Dr. Isaac Goldberg has said in “The Man Mencken”, that the only two thoroughly American critics are Edgar Allen Poe and H. L. Mencken. We turn now, chronologically, to Herman Melville, a man of the sea, must be dismissed as we have dismissed Poe. Although one of the few firstrate men of letters in the Republic, he evidently was unable to find any literary stimulant within its bounds. Today the situation is as bad as ever. Sinclair Lewis is thoroughly American in virtually everything he writes, yet he, too, almost refuses to believe New York exists, and he has left unmentioned that monstrous buffoonery of jackasses, the sacred halls of Congress. When will an American writer ever make Use of the city ui Washington as Lewis did of Babbitry, or religion, lower, strata, to be sure, yet an non est picture of a very small section of New York, the New Yoi’k of the Brooklyn coat-and-pants man, tb> Irish cop, the baseball player. Cabell has never used his brilliant and polished dexterity on anything of life in that empire. But iri the main, the life and localities I have mentioned have been sadly neglect ed; there are many other such lost opportunities and I sincerely hope that soon another Lewis, Cabell Clemens, or Dreiser will essay to attack these treasure chests. Willa Gather has written well of the farms and blizzard-scarred prairies of the west, and she hon estly deserves recommendation for her craftsmanlike efforts. She has given us a picture of the farmer as he is, sitting bn his plow beneath the fierce July sun, bowed, bent, and reflecting on his own misfortunes the eterrial yokel, behind his sweai
ing horses.
Has any first-rate man of letters ever written of the deep and little known south? I,/confess I can think of none. Yet, wliat a fertile field the primitave savagery of that, dark land is, with its barbaric religion and its attendant lynchings. —Carl Condit.
Brotherhood Day, sponsored by the National Conference of Jews and Christians, will be observed locally tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock with a cbmmunity mass iheeting at Jefferson high school gymriasium. Layiriep tepreseiitirig Pfbtestarit, CatholiC>! hnd Jeivish faiths will address the meetirig, stressing this year's slogan of the organisation, ^‘Make America Safe for Differences”. The St; Boniface school band arid the adult qhpir will offer part of the musical pfogralh, while several singers will add to it. The purpose of the Brotherhood Day, which has the endorsement of President Roosevelt, is to bring members of various religious and racial groups to work together on civic and communal probleins, and to establish justice, amity, understanding, and cooperation among them. Sponsors emphasize that it “is distinctly not airned at any sort of church union, or to ignore differences that distinguish American re-
ligious groups”.
Any suggestions, let’s have ’ema receptive mind.
F I HE
C LEAN E R S
O F
N E
C ::L .o.t :H E
BOILERMAKERS— (Contiriued from page 1)
displayed a marked improvemeiit. Glen Downey, whp has been the leading pinch hitter, alternated at both the forward and guard posts this week and may get into the game tonight in either or both positions. Jim Seward, whose play this season has not been particularly impressive except for occas ional flashes, looked unusually good in the final drill, and may prove invaluable at the center jump if he can hit his stride tonight, even though he is not listed in the start-
ing lineup.
Emphasizing speed in his attack with intentions of piercing the stout Wildcat defense, Coach Ward Lambert plans to start Kessler and Jewell Young against McMichaels and Trenkle, staunch Wildcat forwards, with Ed Elliott, scrappy pivot man, in there to handle Smith. Pat Malaska, fiery sophomore flopr guard, will team with “Red” Lambert, sturdiest defensive man on the squad, in opposing Bender and Capt. Vance, Northwestern’s reg-
ular guards.
Completing the squad of Boiler-
makers who made the trip to Evanston, in addition to the starting five, John Bruce, Charles Budd, Glen DoWney, Carrol Mangas, James Seward, Robert Smith, and John Sines accompanied Coach Lambert and will be on hand to do their part in bagging the ninth
successive win for Purdue.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR ■ Today , ■ , Washington’s Birthday. Basketball—Purdue at Northwestern. Monday Basketball—Minriesota at Purdue. Tuesday ’ Kappa Delta Pi meeting—^Education Building, 7 to 8 p. in. Co-ed Marital Lecture—Dr, Mary Morgan Lee, Memorial Union Building, Women’s Lounge, 7 p. m. University Club meeting—Union Buildirig, 8 p. m. Wednesday Intramural Carnival — Memorial Gymnasium, 7 to 9 p. m.
sumers’ club Monday evening at 8 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation House. He will dfecTOs the advantages and the program of a Consumers’ Cooperative Association. E. Carson, C. E. ’29, Accepts U. So Position Ellsworth Carson, C. E. ’29, recently resigned his position as a member of the civil erigineering staff of the University of California to accept an appointment to an enirigeering position in the U. S. reclamation projects.
WBAA
ederal Man To Disciiss Consiiiiiers’ Association C, E, Oldham, a federal inspector of credit unions, will speak at an open meeting of the Lafayette Con-
E!bM Dental Clinic
PAUL A. EISK ROBERT G. RISE HAROLU J, RISK /LUTHER A. BUSK
400 Sehnlts Bldg. Phone 5781 Corner 4Ui anS BSalm
' DE AC HAS EVERYTHING
for a
COLLEGE EDUCATION . H. G. REISNER |
■
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor
507 Maim St.
■
1
Dormer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6059
DR. A. M. IRION
Dentist
Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
LYLE K FISHER
Watchmaker
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite New Post Office
PLUMBINC AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-WerMioffi Ctompamy . Phope 3^2
Practical Mechanics Dept. To Show Gasoline Picture “Gasoline”, a two reel film, will be the second picture in a series being shown by the practical mechanics departmerit iri room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The showing will being at 4 o’clock Monday and will be run again on Tuesday at the same hour. The picture is open to the public.
Tod&r ' ■ 11:00—“Just Kids.” 11:80—Logansport High School. 12:00-^The Engineer. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12:80—Frank Hall, NewS'Conunentatoir. 12:46—-Fraternity Alumni. 1:00—^The Radio Stage. 1:30—E. Harold John, baritone, i :46—^Neal Carson, xylophonist. 2:00—Chats for Teachers. Monday 11:00—American Institutions. Dr. Phillips. 11 ;50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12 :30—Organ Melodies. 12:46—^Attletic Review. „ 1:00---H6me Economics Extension. 1:16—Matinee Musicale. 1:30^—Public Safety, 1:45—Final Markets. : 2:00—Persuasive Speech (Engl. 14). Mr. Winch. 2:50—Music.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
HE ear may get the worm, but one thing is certain,
worm
wont come to
same
is true in
to go
you can
ADVERTISE in The Purdue Exponent