“ , ^
t"
ikii<
EDITORIAL ^ ^ Reveals More v Letters To The Editor
SRORTS RAGE Announces New ^ Co-Captajns For Opener
Established 1889
Berlin By Ctirfsttnas!
Vokime 56, No. 56
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, September 18, 1943
Boilermakers To Meet Great Lakes Eleven Today
Farmers Gather For Swine Show By Jean Yargar Mention of the word “pig” causes the college student, G. I. Joe excepted, to remember platters stacked with strips of bacon, thick luicy pork chops, and big tender hams Indirectly
that was the concern of farmers who met yesterday for the twenty-third annual swine show at the University These farmers of Indiana, in their Fords, “Chevies”, Cadillacs, and station wagons came
Forestry Movies To Depict Wild Life In Alaska, States Foiestiy Club will show films cle-
f rom all over the state with the single purpose of finding how best to feed a pig in spite of war time limitations Agricultural experimenters at the Univeisity, having pieviously tested diffeient types of lations and having discoveied successful ones
were piepaied to meet the question- f "^ing wild life in Alaska and the
United States next Tuesday at 7 30 n m in loom 117 of the Hoiticultuie Building Eveiyone is invited
Fdi testing puiposes led Duioc tq^ attend, and dates aie welcome Jeisey pigs weie giown in gioups ^
of fifteen and fed diffcient lations in an attempt to discovei which diet
pioduced the best potential chops mfoimation on langes,
Friday moining these expelimen^al animals weie shown at the swine faim thiee miles noith ot West La
fayette
Aftei obseiving the pigs, a meet ing was held in the Livestock Judg
ing faimeis
Duroc Jerseys lested
in 1941 gives facts that aie up to date and accuiate, as well as m-
teiesting
Anothei film on the stoiy of
mg Pavilion on the ugiitultuie tiout, then bleeding habits, and the Vcampus Heie Piofessoi King head necessity foi conseivation will be
of the Animal Husbandly school and acting chan man, introduced Dr Young and Piofessoi Vestal who discussed lationing foi pigs
and maiket pioblems
Difficulty Is Lack Of Proteins
piesentod in “Sneckled Beauties” These motion pictures aie leIcased through the fish and wildlife service of the Department of the Intel 101 The movies aie a pait of the program to inform the public
Chief*difficulty for pig laiscis at about the conservation policies laid the present time is lack of protein down by Congress, and the services (See PARMEIIS, page 4) performed under these laws
Poll Reveals Student Attitude Tov/ards Social Activities
By W B Wendell Last >eai the Exponent ran a number ol campus polls on student opjnion which, although the sub jects weie not of a very serious nature did prove one thing—that pco pie do have an opinion and that on some subjects it is not divided rheiefoie in the fust Exponent campus poll of the new year, we find the liee dances in the Union the object of scrutiny Aftei slide rule specialists got through computing the data gleaned from a representative group of students both of the olive drab, pure white and lounging coat variety all in due proportion to then population wc find a number of interesting and heartwarming to some people tacts Questions asked weie the following Do you enjoy the present system of free Saturday night dances’ (Free in the sense that there is no door charge) If admission pei couple were charged toi Satuiday night dances, with the expectation of better bands, would you prefer them to the present free dances’ Would you like niekleodeon dances on Fiiday nights ' Tabulated results indicate that
90 0 per cent of all students on the campus like the free dance system, however that 82 7 per cent would also prefer lo pay then way on Saturday nights if bands could be brought in to play Comments as well as yesses and noes weie also received by our earnest interviewers such as the one from G E which went, “we would like dances from 7 till 10 on Friday nights” and the one from B A which suggested that dance classes for those not skilled in the art of teipsichoie be begun Modifications of these constituted a major part of the asides our investigators re-
ceived
The breakdown of results is further tabulated below ' Q1 Q2 Q3 Soldiers 90 6 7511 86 0 Sailors 90 6 70 8 90 5 Marines 92 8 78 6 92 8 Civilians 89 6 88 C 70 8 All service men 91 0 76 7 82 7 1 otal 90,0 82 4 79 2 Appioximately 140 students were Intel viewed in connection with the poll Next week anothei subject will be investigated Suggestions for subject matter will bo giatefully received in all quantities
'Five Men Of Note', Harry Reed To Play At Mixer Tonight A1 Stewart wrll act as master of ceremonies at the Unron Mixer to be held in the South Ballroom tonight Harry Reed’s band will play foi both ed and coed stags Freshmen are urged to attend the dance stag as it will enable them to become better acquainted In the North Ballroom, the “Five Men of Note” will play for couples only During the dances stags will not be allowed on the floor, and cutins will be forbidden Admission to b6th ballrooms will be free, but schedule or Union cards must be presented at the door Decoration for the dance is a backdrop honoring the Memorial Union Dean Of Women Discusses Coed Study Habits Clare Coolidge, Dean of Women, presented a discussion of how to form new study habits, Wednesday in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building It was the second in a senes of “Collegienne Chats” presented for freshmen women by the Gold Peppers Before giving the study hints for the eight week period. Dean Cool idge explained that there is a definite advantage to having classes meet every day, as in high school “Since more ground is covered in each assignment, however, the hours of preparation will have to be longer By making each day as much alike as possible in regard to hours of study and hours of relaxation, the results will be more successful,” advised Dean Coolidge Dean Gives Advice “If time IS budgeted, it will be used to the best advantage and you will be able to enjoy outside activities with a free conscience,” said Dean Coolidge The discussion closed with a few hints on successful study “You will have better retention of what you have learned if you go over it, and you will find studying easier if you do the hardest first,” ended the Dean Mary Jane Dahl, who introduced Dean Coolidge, explained that no definite plans had been made for the next in the senes of chats University Will Open Technical Institute In Indianapolis, Fort Wayne and the Calumet area, the University’s newly established division of Technical Institutes will open next week its first fall training program Registrations have begun in all t^iiee cities and will continue tliioughout the week, according to C G Beese, director of the Insti
tutes
Technical Institute training is based on 12 week terms and three such terms are planned for each winter season Students successfully completing one year of training aie given certificates showing the amount of training completed At the completion of three years students will be awarded certificates as Technicrl Aides Classes in the Calumet area will be held in Hammond, Whiting Gary and East Chicago Nine classes will tie offered m both Indianapolis and Fort Wayne Classes will be started in other industrial localities throughout, as soon as rndustry needs such groups Anyone wrth qualified high school training may
enroll
According to Maurice R Graney, Univeisity educational advisor for the program, this is not a war program but will also be a service of leied to rndustry in peace time, and will not be a regular college course leading to a dej>iee The specialized courses offeied include technical chemistry, industrial design, me chanical principles and practice, technical electricity, metallurgy, and production supeivision
Cycenas Shelved By Knee Injury; Barwegen Sole Letterman In Lineup
By Dan Margolis
After a light workout Friday afternoon, forty-two of Coach Elmef* Burnham’s newest edition of Boilermaker elevens left late yesterday for the Great Lakes Naval^Traming Station to launch the ’43 football season, playing their third war-time senes tilt against the Bluejackets. With Ed Cycenas, veteran back, shelved by a knee inj'ury, Dick Barwegen, brilliant left guard, will be the lone Boilermaker major letterman in the starting line Barwegen will have a distinguished running mate in the person of one Alex Agase, All-American member of last fall’s Illini-men. The Great Lakes team is conceded a slight advaijtage by virtue of one varsity game already behind them, but this may be offset by the roster full of Navy and Marine V-12ers included on the University squad In fact, only two civilians are listed in the Boilei maker probable starting lineup. The tentative lineups for both teams are as follows:
Third Varieties Show To Appear Tonight At 8 Tonight at 8 p m , the third program of the current “Victory Varieties” series will be piesented in the Hall ot Music Ad-
PROBABLE LINEUPS
Great Lakes
Pos
Purdue
Schwarting (Texas)
LE
Buscemi (Illinois)
Perpich (Georgetown)
LT
Kasap (Illinois)
Letlow (Green Bay)
LG -
Barwegen (Purdue)
Stealy (Ball State)
C
DeFilippo (Fordham)
Bertagnolli (Chi Cards)
RG
Agase (Illinois)
Badacz^wski (W Reserve)
RT
Gems (Illinois)
Pirkey (E Texas)
RE
Bauman (Illinois)
Anderson (W Reserve)
QB
Darr (Missouri)
Jones (Texas)
LH
Dubicki (Shurtleff)
Juzwik (Notre Dame)
RH
, Rose (Purdue)
Roskie (S Carolina)
FB
Butkovich (Illinois)
Referee Lyle Clarno, Bradley,
umpire, Ernie
Vick, Michigan, fiield
judge, Lloyd Larson, Wisconsin, head linesman, J J Lipp, Chicago Today’s game is expected to be a flighty one, with both teams slinging plenty of passes Lt Paul Hinkle, Bluejacket coach, indicated the use of a forward passing combination from the University of Texas composed of Ray Jones, left half, and Joe Schwanting, left end With former Green Bay Packei Cecil Isbell coaching the Boilermaker backs, the outlook is that the Boilermaker’s aerial attack will be very effective. The game will be a closed affair, being played before approximately 22,000 reciuits at the Naval Training Station It will be broadcast over WBAA, with the kickoff scheduled for 2 pm. The complete traveling squad which left here after a light drill yesterday afternoon, by positions, follows: ENDS—Joe Buscemi, Frank Bauman, Herbert Hoffman, William Lodge, Charles Haag, William O’Keefe, Nathan Laskin, Joe Collings. TACKLES—Mike Kasap, John Gehis, John Staak, Thomas Hughes, Wells Ellis, Robert Plevo, Pat O’Brien GUARDS—Dick Barwegen, Alex Agase, Jack Butt, Danahl Lehmkuhl, Joseph Hersch, James McMillen, Gilbert Mordoh CENTERS—Lou DeFilippo, Joseph Morrow, Walter Poremba, William Newell. QUARTERBACKS—James Darr, Saip Vacanti, Blame
Hibler
HALFBACKS — Stanley Dubicki, Lewis Rose, William Stuart, Keith Parker, Leonard Milauskas, Edwaid Geiker, Robert Bossett, Boris Dimancheff, Arthur Flint. FULLBACKS—Tony Butkovich, Leo Milla, Beinard Tetek, Georgie Mihal.
mission will be 50c, tax included Jack Russql, well known for his peifoimances at the Aragon, Trianon and Edgewater Beach balhooms, will piovide -- the musical background for the
Dolphin Club RIedges Robert Cummings, George Lyon James McMillcn Norman Ziffrin William Cann
show Pinky Tiacy, a comedian also Horn Chicago, wfll act as mastei of ceiemonies One of the highlights of the show will be piovidcd by the Stadleis in then
The above men are requested to “Rig Doll” loutine
meet Tuesday at 4 p m , in room Also to be fentuied ue Jim Pen104 of the Fieldhouse for foimal comedy jugglei and membei nledirmir “Shoit Spoitei ’ club Mai-vin
Chandlei son,^ stylist Dick Burns who will displiv his intics on the xylophone the Ihice ^.mbdssadoiettes, who will peifoim actobatics with an elast c lope and the Doio-
thy By ton D met is
Newman Club, Univeisity oigan To avoid the lush at the (Tool, izatioii foi Catholic students, will tickets nav be puichised now at hold its fiist tea dance of the semi- Glatz’s Detlci s Do it s South teim tomoiiow fiom 2 30 to 5 worth’s the Lnion t ishiei s Ofp m in St Maiy’s auditoiiurn fice. Music Office and WBAA
Newman' Club To Hold First Dance Sunday
Award Elliott With Educational Program To Blend Jobs,
Hon.,a„ Degree q,
Honoiaiy degiee of Doctoi of Laws was awaided to Di Edwaid C Elliott piesident of the Umvei sityj by the Univeisity of Pittsbuigh as one of the featuies of the commencement exeicises Sept 17 Di Elliott was the principal speakei at the exeicises,“taking as his subject, “The Clacking of Wis-
dom ”
Di Elliott was teimed “One of Indiana’s most illustiious citizens” by Di S L Bishop, piofessoi ol physics who intioduced Di Elliott foi the honoiaiy degiee Chancelloi John B Bowman, in confeiiing the degiee, lefeiied to the Univeisity piesident as “one of this countiy’s impoitaiit men ” Meredith Club Honors Freshmen At Program Viiginia C Meiedith Club will hold a get togethei honoiing new fieshmen Monday at 4 p m in the Home Economics Building All Home Economics students aie in-
vited
The oiogiam will include music and the intioduciion of all teatheis of home economics Refieshments will be served Officeis aie Betty Dostei, president, Maltha MqCullouch vice piesident, and Maiilyn Tiiinei, sec letaiy ticasuiei
By Mary Ruth Eib “Theie will be a million high school boys and a compaiable numbei of high school giils in the United States, who will not ictuin to school this year because of the shoitage of laboi in the ciitical industiies,” warned Lynn Millei, piincipal of Jeffeison high school, in a lecent inteiview “Howevei, the Wai Manpowei Commission has advised all youth to continue with then high school education if possible “In oidei to attiact these youth, both boys and guls back to school,” Millei continued, “we have made possible a pait time school and woik piogiam in which the industpies and the mei chants of Lafayette are gladly coopeiatiUg ” Obtains Ciedit For Work A good student engaged in industiial woik of “educational value”, that is constiuctive metal woik lelated to his school piogiam, may obtain one ciedit foi woik satisfac toiily completed By ^ittendmg school one half day he may earn thiee Cl edits which will make a total of foul Cl edits pei semestei, thus enabling him to continue in school and to giaduate with his class This piogiam can piobably be successfully aiianged by the bettei students, but the weak student
should attend school foi foui lathei than thiee houis and then woik in mdustiy foi an additional foiu houi s Employe! s, Teacheis Giade Indus^iial woik that the student IS doing must be giaded by a com petent < mployei and the lesults teachei m the coiiesponding dt paitment That i&, a student em ployed in woiking on a lathe will have his completed pioducts checked by the high school machine shop instiuctoi Attendance will also be consideied and will he it coided just as caiefully as it would be in school “This piogiam is not to induce students to go into mdustiy but to induce them to come back to school,” explained Millei The nigh school his been expeu mentmg with this system ioi the past two yeais, and lesults indicate that those students who have had expellence in mdustiy have been placed moie easilv than the iiiex peiienced Collegiennes Maj Continue One ot the fust questions to luse in the mind ot the sktptic would ht “What about the college pitpaia toiy student’ Will he be induced to go into mdustiy at the saint time and to foiget his plans toi col lege’”
Millci conhdcntK a-isuies the skeptic ih it the student who is mentallv uul tminciallj. c ip ible of attending coll will juobibly edn tinue with his jil uis to do sJ No ciedit tamed in industiy will be substituted toi i icqu icment in the college 1 cpuitoiv 01 state sched ules The woik done outside school will be cl isbc 1 imon., electives Univeisitv lequiiemmts will not be distiubed While school commences thij week, the plan is still tuU of loop holes, and min\ untoiesecn piob lenis will {iicsent themselves Mill ei is ueveithelcss convinetel that the plan w ill be c n ntd e ut successfulh “Wc ue not toieiiu our students on inlustij he e uieludeel Ih^y need om student ind we must bo capable ol uisii ^ 11 i icet a nition al enie igtnci Jetteison high selool is one of the hist in’this pul ot the countiy to coop 1 itc in siieh i pi in Richmond his I sim Lu pie)5,iam lu which school Is held tiom seven mis til hve in I tile student m iv sehed ule his disses ten in\ thiee oi tom ol those houis Some ol the high schools m the Gaij distuet ue employing students in the steel mills uid peimitting halt tuiiq school and woik.m
Purdue Exponent
^dtm^cty, Septein ber I89
Purdue Exponent combined witb l^urdue Independent Offices; Editorial and Business ' Purdue Memorial Unipni Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor BaBincso Mnnniicr News Editor Mfinnging Editor. .. Sports Editors
Ellis Mtirpivj Mary Dilt: William H. Tysoi Carolyn Wiibu; Raymond J. Smith, Russell M. Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: .lack Ahhctt. Ruth M, Ford, Wadelyii A. Grotnes. .lames T. Richardson, Margaret Y. Steffes.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. h. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager; Hetty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauernian.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Grotnes ' Day Editor: For< Citv Editor: StclTcs Tssiic Editor: Garret Reporters: Lewis, Miller. P. Riehard.son. Yargar, Martin Pagliarulo. Davis, Swern. Wheaton, Winer, Asperger, Georgia .son. Steinberg. Ehi-mau; P. Murphy, Welsh, Margoli.s, Erb Goetz. Woerner, Tueshurg. Hahlas, B. Gregory.
Enterdd 6s second class matter at the post office in Lafayette,’‘''ftdiana, under the act of Congress of March_3, 1879. and at the special r.atc of postage provided for in section 110.7 act of October 3. 1917, authorized ...lanuary 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mbrnings during the yonr, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.2.7 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a ■semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent off ice.or at the West Desk of the Union, Represented for iiational advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishers Representatives, 42U Madison Avc., New Y’ork, N. Y. .'
Need More Be Said? As is the case with every issue, there are two sides to the question; and like the subjeet of religion, total agreement is impossible and not expeqted. So it is true with entertainment. Sinee the readers apparently feel that the handling of their letters last Thursday was unfair, the following.letters are printed exactly as they were received. These letters are representative of all received and express the opinions of the majority of the students. —c.j.w. ^ AN OPEN LETTER TO THE ’ PURDUE EXPONENT: Marine barracks were seething Tuesday morning. Everywhere groups stood together reading the editorial in the Exjponent which denounced the Rudy Vallee convocation. It was undoubtedly one of the most prudish, smug and inane pieces of literary hodgepodge ever to find its way into the pages o'f a reputedly good college periodical. The Exponent’s practice of signing only initials to controversial articles must have been a great blessing to this embryonic author, who breaches all the ethical standards of good journalism in her futile .search for an ax to grind. ' The effort, in its holier-than-thou fashion, comes forth with the conventional statement of all true prigs that, “Those of us who are in agreement with this editorial are not prigs.” This, of course, is meant to intimate that the ruffians' whose raucous .laughter rocked the Hall of Music are desperate followers of all that is filthy in life. We blmsh to admit that this is the first program offered by the University that any of us would walk across the street to see. We did not think that the enterrtainment offered was vulgarly risque. Worst of all, we do not feel that we should be particularly ashamed of that fact. While it is true that most of us are not Purdue students, we neverthele.ss came from colleges, north, west, east and south, that maintained standards of decency certainly on a par with those of this institution. Surprise of surprises, we resent the fact that .something which we unanimously enjoyed .should be criticized in such a narrowminded and idiotic fashion. Once before we were accu.sed by the Exponent of falling short of the 'mark of “gentlemen”. It is possible that we do. It is also possible that certain students of Purdue are also lacking in the same qualification.s, in that they seem more than willing to find fault in some who are, after all, involuntary guests. Perhaps the folkways and mores of our native habitats do not measure up to the standards set down by our hosts. But we love them, we cling to them with ghastly peinursity, and we are certainly determined to defend them, even to the extent of defying the Purdue Exponent. One of the most outrageous statements to be found in a totally outrageous .show of utter bigotry was, “We wonder if there were not a great many citizens of Lafayette and West Lafayette, purchaser.s of hundred dollar war bonds, who were not just a little .sorry afterwards that they had supported this noble cause.” One is forced to wonder if the phrase “noble caiLse” is used cynically. Such a remark is iuexcu.sable. The fact that any person should be so impressed by the importance of their own selfish whims and fancies over an affair of this kind that they would find cause to regret an investment in the United States of America seems incomprehensable. True, lew of u.s have purchased hundred dollar war bonds, but ninty-nine per cent of us have allottments taken from our pay checks each month —and are thankful for the opportunity. We can do so little, but we too try to do our part.
Our ire is aroused that such a gross insinuation against decency should find its way into an article which purports to raise the cause of decency. The editorial poses the question: "Is it necessary to present Sunday’s type of progratn to raise service men’s morale ? Furthermore, does it really raise morale ?” May we say unequivocally that it is and that it does ! After all, we do not need the unwanted aid of an amateur Billy Sunday to answer a question which directly concerns us. May we also say that our morale was definitely pp the skids after paying a Union fee nearly twice thiat of civilian students and getting little or nothing for our money. The faultless Expohent itself has been known to print jokes which were more than slightly on the grimy side (see page 3, issue of Sept. 14) and not even remotely humorous ip the bargain. Surely the adult mind should be able to appreciate the faintly colored quips "of Vallee, which had’ even the white-haired professors and their wives holding their sides. But apparently our reformer cannot. Alas, so be it 1 Rudy Vallee is an entertainer who has been recognized for years as one of the top ranking members of his profession. Yet our Exponent drama critic prosaically states that the audience was “laughing at Vallee, not with him.” More than one hundred and fifty years ago, a wise man said, “He who calls one of recognized abilities a fool, proves only himself a fool.” That man was Benjamin Franklin in his Autobiography. Signed by 285 Marines, Soldiers and Sailors.
Balsley, Avlll speak bn the “Romance of the Sible,’’; This is to be at the ■Wesley Rounda,tion. ; .10:40^:MQrning Worship at the Hirst Methodist‘Chiifch bn “Thi-ee Aspects of Prayer.” Mary Johnston will sing a solo; "A Prayer” by’ Matthews. .6:16—Wesley Foundation Fellowship supper served at 2l0 Cent^ a plate in the great hall. 0:16—Clare Coolidge, . tJean of Women, will .lead a discussion on “Understand OurSelves in Campus •Situations.” Closing worship service is, under, the direction of Seaman Wayne Meek.
St. John’s Episcopal Sixth and Ferry Rev. R. F. Thornton, Minister 8 a. m,-r-Holy Communion; Corporate Communion for all students followed by breakfast in the parish housp, , ,, . , 10:46—Morning prayer, and sermon. The topic wilK, be “Was He Not Hopelessly Handicapped?” A choir of boys and men will furnish the mUsic, including “Like as the kart” by NoVello. The service is to be broadcast over WASK.
tember 20—8 p. m. Thursday T^b'fhing, September 30—9:30 a. n},.SHABRASi SHUVAH —Fri^y evening, October 1—7!46 p. pi....i. : YOM KIPPUR: (Day of Alpnoment)—Evening (KOL NI'DRE^ Friday, October 8—8 p. m. Mb.i'nihg —Saturday, Petober 9—9:30 A.j in. Afternoon-^Saturday, October 9rj-l p. m. Memorial (Yizkor)—Sk^day, October 9—3:30 p. m., , ■ ORTHODOX : : ; At SONS OP ABRAHAM GREGATION: North Se'VpjnlH Street at Union , Street—RABBI AARON GORBATY. ; S’LEECHOS SERVICES—Saturday, September 26-—midnight;.' ROSH HASHONAH-;-!. Evening— Wednesday, September 29—7 p. ,m. Morning—Thursday, September 30, —7 a. m. II. Evening—-Thursday, September 30—7 p. m. Morning— Friday, October 1—7 a. m. ' , YOM KIPPUR: (Kol Nidre) evening: Friday, October 8—7 p. m. Morning: Saturday, October 9 ■ 7 a. m. Memorial: (Yizkor): Saturday, October 9—11 a. m.
w t'
“What’s so new about these postwar inventions opr pops are so excited about-, We’ve been readin’ about them in. the comics for years!”
J//L JhlL
Dear C.j.w.: I suppose you consider yourself a self-ap-pointed straggler for a mighty cause. Frankly your letter was not 4.0 with over 99% of us. However, there are a few egotistical intellectuals who agree with you in your denouncement of the 3 hours we so enjoyably wasted Sunday evening. . We heard no embarrassed nervous twitters. If you didn’t enjoy the thoroughly disgusting convocation, if you couldn’t stand the smutty jokes or the deafening music, why didn’t you lea've as many of us did Saturday when we no longer appreciated the better things? Did you prefer to stay so you could hear and retell them ? It would take a person with a disgustingly dirty mind not to appreciate the humor which was attempted but failed, according to you, because of your narrowminded priggism. It’s about time some live wire entertainment came to Lafayette. We enjoyed Rudy and his Lucky ’Leventh as would anyone not from the sticks. Is a hog-calling contest or some similar hickish entertainment more in your line? By now, not only by this letter but also by many others, you must realize what we think of your estimate. We want more shows of that excellent caliber, but as long as there are people who twist humor in their foul minds, we probably won’t have the privilege. Harris Baker, V-12 P. S.: My pin girl enjoyed the program, and I can assure your type that she is very clean minded. Neither she nor I tried to twist the humor into obscenity as you must have.
Cast, Stage Crew, ^hjuMksA,
Dear Sir : We are almost speechless in trying to describe our indignancy concerning the pusillanimous' treatment of Rudy .Vallee and his Lucky’Leventh band by your paper. For some time now, the service man population has remained quite complacent and even inured to the entertainment offered us; until now, when you feel you must rout your long nose into our business in the hope of our moral embetterment. Your opinions are indubitably admirable—possibly to a troop of Boy Scouts —but certainly not to us of the Marine Corps. If your article was intended for the “prigs” of the Exponent staff, we are horribly mistaken, and it is indeed a pity that we read your paper; but if you include us, you have surely forgotten that we are a very large part of the Purdue public, readers of the latter sheet. . To poor disillu.sioned “cjw”, we give a symloathetic raspberry, and sincerely hope that she learn a little more about human psychology before she ?igain tries to debunk something of this nature. Can she be aware that all successful shows like this base themselves on a slightly lascivious type of humor? In the hope of regaining only a remote part of the "Three Hours Wasted” which you so solemnly propound is lost, we have spent this time exercising our debauched minds to show you our feelings. The “Egotistical Intellectuals”, Company E, U. S. M. C. R.
SnAVJUJL Lieut. Donaldson 1^ Hurd ... ’39 graduate of the University’s Science School, who piloted the lead plane in the first bombing attack on Rome a few weeks ago, is reported “missing" in action’’ in the Euro))ean theatre of war, according" to word received by his wife.
For 'Hay Fever' .Tryouts for the' next Play shop production, “Hay Fever”, were held last Tuesday, and the cast? chosen by Dr. Cass, director, is as follows; Sarel Bliss will be played by Jane Grimmer," Simon Bliss by Bob Paddorr; Clara by Patsy Barnett; Judith Bliss by Betty 'Wedge; David Bliss by Milton Kaplan; Sandy Tyrell by Lester Kessler, a Marine; Myra Arundel by Elaine Kail; Richard Greathan by Lawrence Nielson and Jacky. Cory ton by Sar.ah Andrew. This is an all
student cast.
Connie McCoid will be in charge of props; Betsy Jansing is to take care of make-up; Sarah Andrew and Jirn Yingst will work together on costumes; painting is under the direction of Mary Lou Fairman; Garole Martindell will watch over the lighting"; carpentry is in charge of Hans Wormscr; Dick Delong, a V-12 student, is in charge of business and publicity ; the rehearsal assistant will he Marge Thoms find Mary Lou Sternberg is stage mana-
ger.
Tickets will be on sale Monday, September 20, through October 9 for 55 cents and after that for 75 cents. The tickets will be available at all sororities, in the residence halls and. in the Playshop office. The play “Hay PevU",” is about an ultramodern Bohemian family, including a house full of guests, romance, an accident, a beautiful and ill-mannered girl, bitter realization and more romance. Tau EpsHoti Phi ... announces 'fh'e ■ pledging of eight new men. Pledges are Robert Wandermah, Legionier, Ind.; Herbert Grand, Yonkers, N. Y.; James Posner, Celarhurst; -N. Y.; Robert Kaufman, Great Neck,-N. Y.; Harold Greenstein, New Britain, Conn.; Dave Dolin,,%hieag"o, 111.; Mayer Goloubow and Sheldon Cooper, South Bend.
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
University Presbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant Rev. John W. Findley, Minister 9:30—Student Class led by Prof. G. H. Graves of the Mathematics department. 10:30—Morning Worship. Rev. Dale Robb of Chicago will be the guest preacher. The choir will sing the Latvian Spiritual “My God and I”. 0:00—•The Sunday Evening Fellowship will meet at the church for supper and recreation. Following this. Rev. Robb will be in charge of the program. Service men and cadettes are welcome'.
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M. jH. Simon 10 :30^Services /at Fowler Hall. • ! 5."00—Sunday Evenings Supper Seminar. A motion picture film is to be a part of the program. 7:46 on Friday, September 24, a service will be held at Temple Israel.. ■ ■ ■ v- •.•. . .• ■■ Schedule of Religious Services For The High Holy Days REFORM At.. .TEMPLE ISRAEL: , ’South Seventh Street at Alabama Avenue —RABBI MEYER H. SIMON. • ROSH .HASHONAH: (New Yea^) —IV^dn^cIay.
St. Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia ,, Rev. Eclwardi Holland, Student Pastor .6:30, 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.—• Mass. ■ ' • ' -/'i ■ ' •• ^ 3:00-5:45 p. m. and after 7:15 p. m. on Saturday-r—Confessions. . 2;30-5--Tea dance at St. Mary’s Auditorium.
. ; . national social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Emil A.. Szmd, South. Bend; Lloyd L. Holtzman, East Chicago; Sinesio A.i Zagnoli, Oak Park, Illinois; Washington Char; Honolul.t), ■Hawaii;' John Nooter, Webster
Wesley Foundation Corner State and Sheetz Streets First Methodist . Church Chauncey and South Streets : Rev. E. R. Baisley, Minister' 0:30—Church School. Rev. E. R.
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN DANCE CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Sept". 22 Advanced Thurs., Sept. 23 7:00 p. m. \i Adult Tap Classes 6:15 p. m. CHILDREN'S CLASSES SATURDAY ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
Sfarfing Tomorrow -afTER THf *
SUNDAY - MONDAY 78 STARS IN 0N£ PICTURE!
^ Including
' BRIAN. AHESNE j
ROBT. CUMMINGS f
HERB. MARSHALL :''
RAVMIIUKO
ANNAN MERLE 0
i IPB’ mansnall
^ R RAVMIIUKO M
, -r-and —
DEAD END KIDS EAST SIDE KIDS
in— '
'"NEATH BROOKLYN BRIDGE" — ALSO — DONALD DUCK CARTOON
■ LAST TIMES TODAYJOHNNY MACK BROWN TEX RITTER — in — 'THE OLD CHISHOLM TRAIL"
“7 MILES FROM ALCATRAZ'
NEWS
SERIAL
wuA WILLIAM BENDIX _ Plus — EVELYN KEYES EDMOND LOWE . —. in.— "Dangerous Blondes'
LAST TIMES TODAY
// Fbill" -Id, SI ^ ai §
mmm
PLUS
One 'Womaq.,. Symbol of Millions.... withv^ heartful of love for .a man to take lyith Mhi
IpIAL B. WALLIS
.PRODUCTION
wk GeraldIne Fitzgerald iUCILE WATSON • BEULAH BONDI • GEORGE,, COULOURlS
— LAST TIMES TODAY—r
Starting . ^
TOMOR.ROW
ill Simmiw
-'-illtiirllltiltlrtW
ROUGH! ROMANTIC! RARIN
•*MiUl. ^ 7
ArtAy, Mivy, MMiAA News
JI&S0t^iceMen, My Semite Men^
•Mu
R^ections
'Xt Miatiiitnk
i By ,/ t’vt. Gordoii Gilchrest, USiWCR , />* !, A {f >t • (. I^r f ■ m Gftrtten Glfchre^ tJSMCR
JhjL ^tuduf B£b^
By Jay NeWnlan, A S., USNR
Compapy E’s reply te C.J.W.’s
' igaili6)‘!8il la^t Jllorldfty, we subltiit
{roem:
' C.#.W. fi-em het pedestal , W^iW, A syWbel ef piodesty, purity and . >r?«rht “IVe 1i®ld dirty jokes—^so I can’t be, a prude, put ^thought VaUee’s show sugges- , ^ive,and crpde.^’ ■^he Marines'see it more in its Justin ly light Yoting la^y—your halo’s fastened m tighffr
◄ NAUTICAL TID-BITS i Attention officer-candidates: the first thihg a naval officer should notice when hq Sees a pretty girl Is whether his wife is lookirig. . .. Two Sailors were stahdifig ih line talking. i Hmmm... Johnny Huff, A.S.., Co. D, thinks he’s an expert card player how.... Seems like Chieil Otto Bond dealt Hifn a hand ot tHitteeh SpkdeS. ... It would have gone linhoticed perhaps if the chief hadn’t been dobtiMy’s partner.... they said it was contract.... alfd Who ate Wfe to Suggest that it was really auctioh bridge they Were playing? Add Things Not To Be Said Of Officers, No, 379: '‘He’s the kind of guy who would steal straws from his mother’s kennel’*. <. we know some better ones, too,' but they might get back to Rudy Yallee and then he'd use them in his show . . . which would put us in bad with cj.w. ... if we don’t quit reading Drew Pearson’s column, we’ll soon find ourselves making suggestions to the Captain, who will no doubt have a few suggestions of his own when he reads our .. . (spell that last “when” with an “i” and an “f”).
CfatlBibon Services Held for EnMkmm 96 Men In Eliza Fowler Hall Thursday
‘t “Big Time Operators Dept.”— ItPd Heyraan and Max Shoemaker Were the "Hood Samaritans” the isther night by showing what they thought to be two nOw Unacquainted iresbfnfen girls the campUs. They gOturned to the barracks singing their own praises only to find that the “new finds” were Chi Omega upperclassmen. Gullible souls— these Marines! Hhi O’s Play Hostess fepeatcing of the Chi O’s, last Friday eyening they played hostess to twenty men from the Third Platoon. 'The fetloWs had a swell time and hlsO clairft they made some good contacts. Thanks a lot, girls! The Company basketball team overwhelmed Company A, 55 to 24 Sunday. It looks like they have a powerful outfit and hereby chal-' lenge any and all opposition. Steve Frazier has been chosen captain and led last Sunday’s attack with fourteen points. Pranjk McGirr had to find a new “buddy-buddy” last weekend as Jack Kennedy deserted him in favor of his home town beauty who spent the weekend in Lafayette. To,the boys in the A.T.O. house, the fellows from North Cary bow their hegds in silent prayer. Let’s also hope that this week’s (‘Victory Varieties” show gives us loads of the intellectual entertainment that We are told we need.
◄ ANYBODY WANNA FIGHT? Last Thursday’s editorial on the Rudy Vallee controversy was milder and more impartial than the first. There are still a few things to be said for the evil-minded low-brows, however, and being a charter member of that august group, we’ll do the talking for it. It should be stated with emphasis that over ninety-fiVe per cent of the service men thought the show wUs one of the best they’ve seen iri the Music Hall. That point has already been gtanted. It Must also be pointed out that their dates liked the show and so did the greater part of the audience. Naturally there were those who did not relish the jokeS. There always are, and they are entitled to their point of view. Incidentally, they should be allowed to express that viewpoint without being deluged with insulting letters. (If the shoe fits, we hope it pinches). Our purpose in jumping into this argument is not that of prolonging it. Rather we have sought to give printed expression to the opinion which is held by the overwhelming majority of Sunday night’s audience: that the jokes and songs were spicy but not too much so for an adult and sophisticated “college” audience, and that those who did get a bang out of the whole thing were more bioad-minded than they were evil-minded.
According to word received from Washington, H. C. by Lt. Commkn^er H. G. Vetter, officer in charge of the Navy/ CAA-WTS Elight Instructors' Sdhool at the University, this school has been recommended for rating as the No. 1 sthoOl of its type in the feountry. Recommendations were based on the results of inspections made of Naval Flight Instructors’ Schools throughout the country. Factors that were considered include the flight training, the ability to produce good flight instructors, the indoctrinal training to produce good officers, the standards of flight conditions, and the efficiency of the ground school instruction. Largest Group Graduates This week the largest group in the history of the school graduated and were sent to the Dallas Naval Air Station for another month of flight training, after which they will receive their wings. As soon as the last three classes of officer candidates graduate, V-5 cadets will move in and transform the University from a flight instructor school into a training station for cadets’ elementary flight work.
AST PTatootf Executes Unique Drill Formations
Ninety-six men of the thirteenth coiiipshiy, eleetricidna* Naval Training School, were graduated in ceremoniefs at Eliza FoWler Hall Thursday at 7 o’clock, terminating 16 weeks' Study in preparation for petty officers rating, electricians’ mates, third class. Graduation certificates were awarded by Commanding Offi* - - — cer H. J. Bartley, Under sti-
AST men of the Friday drill “x hour” were entertained and instructed by a marching demonstration put on through the efforts of Sgt. Keith Hunt and a platoon of soldiers. The drill hours are a regular occurrence for the AST men, but yes-
Ohio State's Varsity Swimmer Credited With Saving A Life
pervision of Company Commander Lt, (j.g.) Frank Nocera and Company Chief Petty Officer B. I. Loft, the 50minute program also included an introduction by Lt. Noefera and a company response by Thomas A.
Bishop.
The company history was read by
terday marine movements were in “They also serve who only stand Company History Read
order. In a series of unusual, and and wait.” First spoken by a blind
often grotesque, formations the poet more than 300 years ago it has , tt , . four squads moved in and out until reverberated down the halls of time James F. Hikes. Awards were given
everyone was confused except Hunt but never more vividly recalled than and his platoon. a few days ago on the Ohio State “Infantry Drill Regulations” ex- campus by a little Hawaiian boy
IM Schedules
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
◄ HOT OFF THE GRIDDLE We almost became a confirmed sinner this week. We saluted the Captain with oui left hand while standing in ranks, we got nicked for parking our big feet on the chow-hall table, and we did a couple of other things we’re not printing right now. Just to keep out of future trouble, We consulted Lt. Pulton on several questions that keep us awake all night long. What follows, therefore, is strictly official, and as far as we’re concerned, quite helpful. Seamen needn’t stand at attention when an officer enters one of the lounges in the Union. The same goes fnr almost any crowded public building. A seaman needn’t keep his hat on in “quasi-public” places like the Union, but he can if he, wants to. You’ll avoid many problems of saluting if you take it off when you entei the door, of course. It’s not necessary to salute, even when covered, when encountering an officei on a train or bus. In geneial, no matter where you are, if it’s absolutely inconvenient, don’t salute. (Unless the Admiral asks you for a weed). At all times, lemember that saluting and standing at attention are merely specialized forms of courtesy, and that you will almost always be coriect if you use your common sense in such matters. Above all, “when in doubt—salute!”
Softball Schedule Monday, September 20, 1943 Army Softball Diamond— 10— A 1 vs. A 6. 11— A 2 vs. A 7. 12— A 3 vs. B 1. 13— A 4 Vs. B 2. 14— A 5 vs. C 5. 15— B3 vs. D 3. 16— B 4 vs. D 4. 17— C 3 Vs. C 6. 18— D 1 vs. D 2.
to the most popular boy in the company, for the best athlete, the outstanding sailor and the most de-
. ,, j £ -1 .• serving sailor in the unit. Uniforms
cuse unusual drill executions by thousands of miles away from his
saying that if the men understand hopieland.
the commands they are good. Hunt, It all started a little more than a with his bark like popcorn, picked year a^o when Kio Nakama, a memup his knowledge of these old com- ber of the Ohio State Varsity swimmands while drilling men in the ming team and one of the greatest Air Force at Atlantic City, N. J. natators in the country, was reHe did it to keep the men interested jected by the Army because of flat
and the orders were made from his feet.
imagination and nothing else. Dejected, downhearted and lone-
some, little Kio threw himself into his school work in an effort to forget his disappointment. Majoring in physical education, the youngster started his practice teaching. He volunteered to help teach swimming to the Navy Recognition school stu-
dents.
erchiefs.
Under company leader Philip S. Meeks, the graduating class included 12 men from Indiana, 23 from Illinois, 30 from Ohio, 20 from Ohio, 20 from Michigan and 11 from
New York.
Armed Forces To Have Voice In Campos Li|e
Army, Navy, and Marine students will be given representation in campus affairs, according to the Student Senate. The campus is to be
Ex-Pianist With Ted Fiorita To Entertain At Coming AST Show
Technician 5th Grade Harold
Ward Softball Diamond— 1— W ird 13 vs. Ward 1. 2— Ward 2 vs. Ward 11. 3— Rochdale vs. Ward 4. 4— Dover vs. Ward 5. 6—ChaUncey vs. Ward 6. 6— Circle Pines vs. Ward 8. 7— Owen vs. Ward 9. 8— International House vs. Ward 12.
Asked For Hard Cases
Hio asked for the hard cases. Men Cooperman, student in ASTP here
divided into districts in "proportion who couldn’t swim a stroke were at the University whose “pmeh hit” to population, and a popular elec- turned over to him for instruction, playing provided the big hit tion will be held soon. Any service "all part of his practice teaching. a man will be eligible to run for this One case in particular claimed his I® The Army at the election. Student Senate believes attention. A young lieutenant from ™^^® theater recently, is expected that this will bring the service men Princeton not only could not swim featured in the forthcoming closer to the University, its tradi- but held a strong antipathy toward ®J’®y '^^^nh will be presented tions, activities, and students. water. He was assigned to Nakama University by the AST unit To acquaint the students with the instruction. Weeks and weeks of this mouthy Senate, a callout will be held next followed. Patient, painstaking Member Of B Battery Wednesday at 4 p. in. and functions ^our after hour in the pool Cooperman, a niember of B Batof Student Senate will be explained. ^^®^ lieutenant mastered tery was called upon to substitute Among its activities are a tutoring technique. for the regular piano player for the service, lost and found department. Came graduation from the Rec- “This Is The Army” show who was war duties, and a new social service ognition school the lieutenant was taken ill on the trip here. With no
men's program.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Enter Now-
£xfmnsmL S&hvicsL Wlm!L Ssumiif £onjtsL&L
ARMY—Leave Rhotos at Battery Orderly Rooms NAVY, MARINES—Leave Photos in Room 1,37 W. Cary Hall
ALL SEfeviCEMEN-^Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
Football Schedule Sept, 18—Great Lakes—There Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct. 2—Illinois—Here Oct. 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—Here Oct. 30—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date Nov. 2()—Indiana—There
assigned to the Helena, everyone by advance preparation, Cooperman, a this time knows the fate of that former member of Ted Fiorita’s orship. chestra, stepped into the breach and A letter arrived a few days ago Judging from audience reaction had fr6m the lieutenant to one of his in- ^o®^ ^i® ^^ill as he prac-
PniMMiir PAnlitcl structors: “Tell the little Hawaiian dominated the performance, vafllpus UOniSSl boy I was in the water for more Co^erman, who hails from New- , than an hour and without his pa- N. J., was a musician and inThe Boilermaker Gymnastic tient teaching I wouldn’t be writing dustrial engineer in civilian life.
Club is sponsoring an individual letter. He saved my life.”
meet in gymnastics Thursday, Sep-
Gymnastic Club Plans All-Campus Contest
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop St-e^k Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — bPEN NIGHTS —
tember 30. The meet will begin at 4 p. m. on the southeast deck of the Fieldhouse gym. Dr. Eastwood and “Chief” Clevett will be the judges
for the contest.
All civilians. Army, NaVy, and V-12 men ate eligible to enter. En
Those Hot Dogs Will Cost Personnel Notes
I n I
More At Football Games
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Thanks to rationing and higher Naiugatuck Chemical, Division of prices, the football fan will pay U. S. Rubber Co., Naugatuck, Conn,
teries will be made by club members ^i® Jog fall. At —September 20 and 21. Interested and all others interested in working some race tracks and other public in Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) out. Everyone interested is asked pT^ces, this homely favorite has Shell Development Company, to workout at 4 p. m. on the deck. been as much as 20 cents a throw. Emeryville, California — WednesThere will be advanced and novice J^y, September 22. Interested in exhibitions with two events on two rationing. This will be offset to Chmeists, Ch.E., M.E., C.E., E.E.,
pieces of apparatus by each individual contestant.
a considerable extent by the fact Physicists.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Do You Like Good Books?
Are Official Agents for
Bo6L-D^-ihsL-WmdtpL-i[^
LATEST BOOkS at Minimum Prices
iiRSITT eOOK STilltT
Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
that 1943 attendance is expected to be below that of a year ago.
Many Headaches
The concessionaire has other headaches, too, in greatly increased paper Woik incident to the points for rationing, keeping track of tax, and social security records. '
Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y.—Tuesday, September 21. Interested in Christs,
Ch.E., M.E., E.E., PS.E., PhvsTcists, National Union Radio Corporation, Newark, N. J.—September 29, Interested in E.E., PhsTsicisis. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc.,
He also has a manpower problem galem, Mass.—September 27. Interthese days in rounding up a sales ^ Physicists.
force. Available men and boys are scarce and women and girls can’t do much of the vending because it means toting heavy baskets up and down the stadium aisles. It takes
General Electric Company, Sche* nectady, N. Y.—Date to be announced. Interested in M.E., E.E. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio—Interested
between 350 and 400 sellers to take g ^ PSE, Ch.E., AeroE.
care of a big stadium crowd with hot dogs, “cokes,” and the like.
Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, Fort Worth, Texas—Interested m A.E., C.E., M.E., E.E.
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment; National Lead Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. —Intelested m Ch.E. Sign by September 18. Caterpillar Tractor Co., Peoria, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E., Met.E. Sign by Saturday, Sept. 18. Devoe & Raynolds Co., Inc., Louisville, Ky.—Interested In Chemists (BS, MS., Ph.D.) Sign by September 18. E. I. duPont de Nemours & Co., Richmond, Va.—Interested in Ph.D. Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by September 18. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., New As the two-fisted Sergeant Major Martinsville, W. Va.—^Interested in Bill Bailey in M-G-M’s stirring M.E., Ch.E. Sign by September 26. Technicolor film, “Salute to the Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas, Marines,” opening today at the Tex.—Interested in E.E., Physicists. Mars Theatre, Wallace Berry gives Sign by September 25. one of his best performances of his screen career. Buy War Bonds And StampsPage 4 vy
! -'■ ^ i '^ " 1 H' Saturday, September 18, 1943
Soilenrigker Sports
Burnham Appoints Co-Captains For Navy Game
Alex Agase, John Genis Share Honor At Captain Post Alex Agase and John Gems, Maiine V-12 tiansfers fom Illinois, will seive as co captains foi the Boilei maker football squad in the season’s openei against Gieat Lakes at the U S Naval Tfaimng Station tomoiiow it was announced here tonight by Coach Elmei Bumham as the Boileimaker squad of 42 playeis entiained foi Chicago Agase, brilliant guaid who won All-American honois last fall, and Gems, a lUgged tackle who was honoied by being named captain elect of the Illini befoie called for tiaining by the Maiines, will be playing side by side in the Boilermakei wartime foiwaid wall
A^eef The Team
By Warren Wright With well ovei one month of the season’s football practice gone by and the \ear’s initial game coming up this afternoon, we find the Boilerniakei squad with many piomising stars Among them is Marine Jim Dan, a 180 pound senioi fiont the University of Missotiii Dan, foimeily a halfback has been shifted to the quarterback position where he will call the plays foi the Boilermaker squad He is a very versatile passei and undei the
By Bob Simons One of the best breaks the Rivetei football squad has received this yeai was the transfer of Alex Agase fiom Illinois with the Marines Despite the fact that he is a very modest person, Agase was the most
Deadline Nears Jim tad, Chicago
/
For Season Tickets Boxer, Promising
Notices
Tau Beta Pi Kg>s for new members are here Get them at 506 Russell any week day after 7 p m or when ever you can con tact me —WORMSER Novice Pistol First novice pistol group will begin Friday September 21 Students desiring to fire in this group should sign up for this instruction in supply room of the Armorj —DOWN Christian Science Organization Regular meeting Tuesday September 21 at 7 30 in room dO of the Union There will be a shoit business meeting for all members aft er the regular meeting —WATT All Students Did you order a 1 )43 Debris’ If vou djd pick it up at the Debris office
Last chance—take it or leave it —BUSINESS MANAGER
Camera Club All persons having lockers in the Union darkrooms will please sign the sheet at West Desk of the Union if you ex pect to keep them Unassigned lockers will be broken into Sept 2o —JORDAN Kappa Beta Members Meet at Chiistian Church Sunday Sept 10 at 9 a m for pledging serviccb —HERD
All Service Men and Students You are , , , , ^ irini iii invited to attend a picnic being held by the leadeisllip 0± Cecil Isbell shOUlCi (ie
velop mlo one of the best passei s m at the church (corner of Columbia and West ^
Chauncej) at 5 p m Contact Prof Van the Big* Tell He V ill also Siiaie the
Camp phone 45951 if coming There will be
Boileimaker’s football followers have only one more week remaining in which to take advantage of the opportunity to obtain piefeiential seats for this fall’s l^ome games through the purchase of a season ticket, it was pointed out m a statement issued last night by Ticket Managei C S Doan According to Doan, fto season ticket orders can be accepted after Saturday, Sept 25, at which time season ticket orders will be filled first on a preferential basis before starting to fill orders for individual games Tenative Refund For Nov. 13 Game Assurance was also given prospective purchasers that in the event it IS impossible to obtain a suitable opponent to fill the Nov 13 home date vacated by the withdrawal of Michigan State from competition a proportionate refund will be made On the basis of a four game home card, the season tickets are priced at $8 00, including tax, but m case it is impos'uble to >^fill the November 13 date the price will be reduced to $6 00, providing the same 25 per cent saving Bids foi the concession piivilege at the Riveters’ home athletic cOn tests during the 1943 44 season will be leceived at the office of Guy Mac key, athletic director, up until Fii day, September 24 All bids must be sealel
Lt. Tom Melton Is Killed
lightweight Entry 1*^ Florida Airplane Crash
Tom Melton, co-captain and brilliant guard on the Boilermaker’s 1941^ football squad, who has been serving as a flight instructor as a Marjne Corps Lieutenant at Pensacola, Fla., was killed in a plane crash yesterday, according to word received here. No details concerning the crash were available. News of Melton’s death cast a pall of sorrow over the campus . where Tom was a popular fig-
ure during his undergraduate days. Long an aviation enthusiast, Melton enlisted as a Naval Aviation Sadet while still an undergraduate and
JAMES DARR
Purdue Quaiterback
iqnning and kicking duties Jim stated that his hobby is
spoits, and this needs no fuithei explanation when we look at his
Seventh Term ME s and AE s It i. timel^PieSSUe leCOld 111 high SChool for \ou to begin having emplo^ ment inter fand College athletics He attended
plenty ol fun and food for all
—WENDELL I
Student Senate There will be a regular meeting of the Senate Monday Sept 20 at 8 in the Senate office —THOMAS
viewb Secure the following material from-. n
Mibb Hacker in the ME Office 1 Intel view ^hlgn SChool at CmlllCOthe, MlSSOlUl
procedure bheet 2 Company list 3 Re
quefat for Interview caids
Faculty Recommendation foim Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview nowceb '—BOLZ
All Catholic Students and Service Men You are cordiailv invited to the Newman' Club tea dance to be held Sunday Sept 19 from 2 30 to o p m in St Marys audi torium Come stag or bung a date There will be no admibsion charge Refreshments will be served —ANDERSON All Service Men and Students You are invited to attend a picnic to be held by the Purdue Christian Foundation on Sunday evening September 1 ) Meet at the Re Iigious Council room of the Union at
There will be food
eryone If you can attend
at student class Sunday moining 4/60 —NICHOLSON
Confidential lettcied foul ycTis in foot
ball and thiee yeais in basketball and tiack He captained all thiee spoi ts in ins senioi yeai ind was named on the “All State” football
team m 1939
While at Missomi he played two yeais of vaisity football and one yeai of fieshmen ball to deteimine ns eligibility He saw plenty of ac tion despite the fact that as a sopho
There will be food and fun for ev- 11101 e he Competed against Haiij
oim^K '2f"caU 1^=6 Red Wade, ‘ All Big Six”
halfbacks Duinig Ins lunioi yeai
Alpha Ph. Ome'^Important meeting «lth Bob Steubei, All
A.meiican halfback, and Dai old Jenkins, All Ameiican centei Jim IS \eiy satisfied with being a Mai me and as foi school he likes eveiything but some of the new couises He is a membei of the
Chem 1 and Chem 1 Intrasession Stu- „ „ 771x^1 nroikd may obtain hour test Kappa Sigma Fiateiiiity and IS ex
Hill be held Wednesday Sept p m in room 307 of the Union
herb are urged to attend
at 7 30
All mem-
—EUDF
Dolphin Pledges Formal pledging will be held in room 104 of the Fieldhouse on Tues dai September 21 at 4 p m All pledges please be there ■—MURPHY
dents Those
IV by calling at general chemistry office Chem Annex room 127 befoie Sept 30
—BOYK
pecting to leceive his degiee some time next siimmei His biggest till ill while playing football came
publicized gnaid in the countiy last yeai, being named on five All Amemcan teams Hisi most outstanding feat was that of making two touchdowns m one game while playing at gnaid position Ihis was against Minne sotn last fall ind it enabled the Illmi to upset the mighty Gopheis 20 13 Alex’s football cai eei began when he went out loi the fieshman squad at Fvanston High School, in his home town of Fvanston, Illinois By the time he became a high school semoi he had woiked himself up to legulai guaid on the vaisity squad Ho continued his scholastic ca leei at ibe Univeisity of Illinois and was a membei of the fieshman giidiion squad As a sophomoie he alternated with John Gems as one of toe legiilai tackles At this time he was the smallest tackle m the Big Ten As a jumoi last yeai he went back to guaid and oained his way into the lanks of the gicat linemen His plav was outstanding and con sisteili all -vcai Agase IS now 21 ycais old is five feet ten inches tall and tips the scales at 190 pounds Last jeai he was captain of the Illini wiestling squad Agase joined the Mamies about a yeai ago and was called to active dutj the fust of July Dining this eight week teim at this school, he IS cm oiled in Physics Di awing, and Tiigonoinetiy
Farmers
(Continued fiom page 1) in the animals’ diet Howcvei, m some paits of the countiy theie is also a seiioiis shoitage of com such as in Pennsylvania wheie $1 60 a bushel is being paid Since the faimei natuially wants to giow all the pigs he can, not only to supply the nia’ ket with meat but also to collect his sliaie in the $146 000, 000 000 national income, any advice is cxtiemely welcome The best latioa Was one in which shelled coin 35 pei cent supple ment ind a mineial mixtuie woie used On this diet seventy two pound pigs self fed in a lot foi 65 days gamed on an aveiage of 1 79 pounds pel day Tiansfeiiing that to butchei shop language it would mean almost two pounds of ham at 48 cents a pound foi 10 blue points 120,000 000 Hogs Produced Dean Young, head of the giadu ate Agiicultuie Economics School opened his speech by saying that 120 000 000 hogs aie being piodiiced this yeai Theie has been no diastic shoitage of meat in this countiy as in Euiope but the situation will get woise since the ovei supply, which has been on hand, will soon be gone Dean Young showed seveial chaits with compaiisons of poik puces m 1917 and m 1942 These chaits indicated that puces have iisen about the same, but now, pies ent puces give the faimei equal
With the start of the Intiamural Boxing tournament scarcely two weeks off, the boxing deck in the Fieldhouse piesents to the eye a scene of confused activity All types of boxers take pait m daily workouts which include among them calisthenics, shadow-boxing, span mg, and a mile lun Fundamentals, such as the jab, block, parry, and other types of punches are tayght and reviewed daily Among the boxeis attending these daily woikouts is a relatively unknown boxei, Jim Ladd, a medium sized boxer who hails fiom Chicago Jim, oi “Lucky” as his moie intimate fi lends call him, joined the Navy in 1942, and has, since then, seived at vaiious posts, including his last one, which was at Gieat Lakes He is a foimer amateur boxei, assigned to the V-12
piogiam
Ladd Has Coaching Experience Coming to Lhe University, “Lucky” bungs with him the expeileiice garheied duimg the past few yeais in civilian life He co-coached the champion Lane Tech H S team fiom 1938 1940, and has also been an assistant coach at Illinois Tech piioi to his enlistment Aside his coaching ability, “Lucky” Ladd holds 18 knockouts to his ciedit The C Y 0, 135 pound lightweight championship, gaineied at Soldiei Field m 1942, and the light
weight championship at the Chi- Dwfs-t D P r* I c cago Pa k, also m 1942, aie among ‘TOT. T. EfflrfCIV K^ailS
his foimei accomplishments Recently he has paiticipated in the Navy “Happy Hour” program and the Cokmbian Paik boxing show
Freitag Heads ASCE;
Wiley Talks To Group
Paul Fieitag, Jr, was elected
piesident of the Univeisity chaptei of the American Society of Civil Engineers at a meeting held in the Civil Engineering Building last Tuesday night Othei offieeis elected weie A1 Lmdskoog, vicepiesident, E W Ruff, secietaiy,
and P Montano, treasuiei The new piesident appointed a
piogram committee consisting of Ewald Hess, chan man, Eph Litteiman, and Robeit Kendall Hilbeit Hoffman and Richaid Brud weie ap-
pointed to the enteitainment Prof R B Wiley, head of the
Civil Engmeeiing School, spoke on “The Advantages of Belonging to the ASCE ” Wiley outlined the oiganization of the society, and spoke of the benefits derived by membei s thiough its vaiioub services and
publications
Modelers To Hold Third Plane Contest Tomoi 1 o\\ f 1 om 1 to 5 p m the Aeiomodelleis Club will hold then thud model airplane contest of the yoai The meet will take place on the civil engineeiing highway leseaich field, about t\\o miles noith west of the Univeisity Staitmg at the golf couise signs along the load will point the way to the field Anyone inteiested is eligible, and nay entei eithei gas oi lubber models Cash awaids will be given by the club Foi additional infoimation cntiants may call Lyle Ciist, 36202
pill chafing powci The leal test of puce contiol comes aftci the wai when pill chasing powei is lelejsed Farmeis To Grow Better Pigs The meeting ovei, iich welldiessed faimeis pool dowdy faimeis, and neatly diessed, middle class fainieis all left foi the letuin to thou faims and a new stait glowing biggei and bettei pigs
Qualified Musicians To ,^11 lemainmg vacancies in the Univeisity Military band piioi to the opening of the cuiient giidiion schedule, Pi of Paul “Spotts” Em lick, diipctoi of mihtaiy and symphonic Bands, lequests all qualified musicians to contact him any afteinoon at 4 in the band headquaiteis
office, Hall of Music
went into active tiaining shoitly after giaduation m 1942 Death of the 26-yeai-old foimer Lowell high school star, who won major letters in football here m 1939, 1940, and 1941, brought to an abrupt close a long association with Jim Millei, now an Ensign in the Navy Flying Coips, who had seived as co-captain with Tom on the 1941 eleven and was his loom mate at Pensacola Melton was named the “best guaid of the yeai” by Eddie Andeison, then c6ach of Iowa, following the 1940 season, and was awaided the Noble E Kizei Memoiial Tiophy cs the football playei who had done the most foi Puidue in
1942
Cancellaiions Students who desire to cancel toiiises without grade should do so before 12 o’clock, noon, September 25. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the depaitment in which the subiect is given The cards should then be filed in the Registiar s Office —DEAN OF MEN. lij iVu Exponent Classified'
Girls! No date? Come to the dance in the South Ballroom — Saturday, September 18 —with— Harry Reed’s Band
Dolphin Club There will be a meeting on - “ 11% f C II I • Tuesdaj Sept 21 at 4 p m in room 104 when he scoied the only MlSSOUll ijy I s WjSFOffl of the Ficldhoust Formal pledging . . , . ... • “• » fCIJ
—MURPHY
Aeromodelers Important meeting Wed nebday Sept 23 30 p m in room 80 of the Union Contcbt plans All invited
—CRIST
Phi Delta Gamma Those in army navy marines please call b028 any time this week —CAMERON Engineer Staff All editorial workers must be present at a m (ting Sunday Sept 19 at 2 30 p m in room u80 of the Union —FISCHER Ad Staff Important meeting Tuesday at 7 30 p m All those coniieetea with <r planning to be conneeted with th staff be there CAUN T
touchdown in a game vith Wibcon
sm last yeai
Buy War Bonds
And,Stamps
of the Depaitment of Agii
cnltuial Economics is on a thiee week inspection tom in western states in connection with the Faim Woik Simplification Reseaich Pioj cct of which he is assistint diiectoi
POPCORN —Sacks 5c fo 50c ICE CREAM—Pints 20c Bars 5c DAD'S PLACE — Russ Harshbarger
• Southworth’s
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding macnines ail makes told rented rt paired and purchabed Mimeo 5rrapb work done C J Eberthoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 27’’’9 Money to Loan On diamonds watches (runs luggage typcwriterb Alberts Xjo&h Office 407 Columbia Tjpewnter ser^itt C I Gunkie Phone 6943 Wanted—Purluc stid r ts to work Ihurs day and Saturday v nir,, ib waitti Ex p/n< nc( not rue *bdi> G/od i av and short hourh EJkb Clul Aj i Ij I-rank Ifiiihan Lost—Polyph is< s)ii< rul< with name J itlian Hut hbtor mb 1 1 alhtr case R(^ ward I iJlian HJj-hbton WKH ood / j IjOBt—Btiii rii ta i] friUinly i ii Rt ward Rcvitm side i ads ( V Stank> 1917 Call 0 ji ih( \ i riL Call. Stanltj
W anted—Y i lb a btude f t ) Kon (. ntvibpaj local ricwspai/
an uh
r ( 11 00
I ost—Bi wn billl 1 I 1 tv\ t WKH S and Webt lafu>/lt i t ITu ( M irk iitjfication t id $-{0 ( ibi ai I K ( A I check Reward Ja lu Sz Id WKH S>ith|
1 ust—1 i(ri< nptu I V/RH radio rom ( r Wo d Halt uitu Reward f ir k lui r NariK Barbai t Ki<b(
LI m i
unj. lasbt
t M I \S
Trj An Exponenf Classflied!
Btlk DcIm and Paul I ukas plaj (lu hading rolls in Maiiici Bios’ ilnii/a(ioii of I illian llillinin’s pii/t winning ph \ ‘llalili on (he {hint, slailing lomoiiow at (ht J al iMtti Ihtalit
Don't Forget His Xmas
Do Your Shopping Now
Overseas Packages Should Be Mailed Immediately
Sept. 15 to Oct. 15
^ we
(ilFT SHOP (Diiwnstiiirs)
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND SonlJnvorth’s •
1.30 eompkte Contains Revlon Nail Enamel Adheron Oily Remover
HAND-PICKED BEAUTY CHOP wm\ GARItl u
L
1
I^ush to market for this deliciously cunning crata Inside 18 the famous Revlon fingertip three some; with such sun fresh shades as Mrs. Mimver Rose, Cherry Coke, or others. Irresistible i Hurry I
dunebA
i t J & r
jjjr