®he Puriiue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
Lafayette, Indiana, Saturday, September 26, 1936
KUMBmil
KIZERMEN BATTLE BOBCATS TODAY
School Showing Best Attendance Will Win G. AJ Young Trophy; Senior Co-eds To Parade Bright yellow cords, black derby hats, and blacker cigars will be proudly sported this afternoon, as hundreds of seniors line up in their own ranks, and the annual cord parade swings
into motion.
At 1:30 o’clock, the cord wearers will meet on Stuart Field and will march in a body from
there to Boss-Ade stadium where they will take their places in the sections assigned to them. The seniors “will report at Stuart Field to the men selected as group leaders. These are: agriculture, Townsend; chemical engineering, Hunt and Perkins; civil engineering, Ewoldt; electrical engineering, Morris and Loehr; mechanical engineering, Dwight and Wait; pharmacy, C. Brewer; and science, Farquharson. Surprise The school of chemical engineering has promised a surprise for the parade, and other schools, getting w'ind of it, are working on their own schemes. The black derbies which are a part of the costume will be thrown high when Purdue scores her first touchdown of the season. Senior co-eds will march together by schools following the senior men. They also will meet at Stuart Field at 1:30 o’clock. The Gold Peppers will lead the entire‘parade and will wear their black scarfs and Gold Pepper emblems. They will sell bal loons in the shape of footballs before the parade and the balloons will be released, along with the derbies, at the first touchdown. Last year Prof. 6. A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engi(Continued on page 4)
Sunday Teas Mark Start Of Co-ed Rush
Six Sororities To Have Pledge Week Starting Tomorrow
Campus sororities start their rush programs tomorrow with open-house teas from 3 to 6 in the afternoon. Co-eds desiring to go through rush will meet in the Women’s Lounge of the Union to learn rush rules at 2:15. Dean Dorothy Stratton and PanHellenic lawyer Roy C. Street will address the co-eds at the meeting. Rush will continue with dinner parties from Thursday thropgh Sunday, and preference night dinners will be held Thursday, Oct|:)ber 8. Sororities may pledge frosh girls any time after October 9.
Poultry Men To Meet Here
PIA Sponsors Co-ed Parties Independents Plan Of Tliree Cel-
ls
P. I. A. wall hcdd iSsie first of three co-ed get-acqpBaiwbed parties for freshman woiBei]i tomorrow at 6 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Tfhis party will consist of an informal dinner at which a number of prominent independent co-eds will be introduced. Musical entertainment will be furnished during the meal. Irene Feldt and Peg Dimmick will he in charge of the program. Nautical Party A “Nautical” party, the second of the series, will be held on October 1 in the Women’s Gym. This affair will be under the direction of Mary Humphreys. The final party will consist of a style show sponsored by the Loeb and Hene’s department store.
Three-Day Conference Begins On Wednesday
Indiana poultry raisers will attend the annual meeting of the State Poultry Association at the University for three days starting Wednesday. According to Leon Todd, association secretary, the program will be of unusual interest to poultry raisers, hatcherymen, and breeders. Reese V. Hicks, executive secretary of the International Baby Chick Association, Dr. M. A. Jull head of the University of Maryland poultry department, and several other authorities will speak at Wednesdays Session. The baby chick hatchers will carrying on their business at this time. Thursday farm poultry raisers and commercial poultrymen will hear Dr. lull. Dr. W. A. Billings poultry disease authority from Minnesota, S. A. Anderson and Dr, E. C. Young of the University staff. The turkey growers will hold their annual get-together Friday.
Prospecting for diamonds been started in the commons Bloemfontein, South Africa.
has of
Boilermakers Again Use Traditional Battle Cry: ^^One Brick Higher!'
Purdue students and faculty of 1936 and of 1893 respond to a similar battle cry. “One brick higher!” is again heard after Larry Downs, member of the University’s unbeaten football squad in 1892 and now president of the Illinois Central Railroad, reintroduced the term at Thursday night’s loyalty meeting. On January ”2f3,1893, the new engineering laboratory, now known as Heavilon Hall, burned to the ground only four days after its dedication. President Smart, more deeply wounded by the loss than anyone eli^e, put new heart into the crestfallen students by saying “We’ll not oh|;^ rol>uild the building but we’ll
bhild that tower at least one brick
higher!’’ building higher”.
The was
term caught; the rebuilt “one brick
Similar Task Today Purdue is faced with similar task of reconstruction. The shower room explosion which claimed the lives of two of the Univer sity’s most needed football players and injured four others, wrecked the team. This afternoon’s game will show how well it has been rebuilt. The rebuilt squad will be a win ner! Purdue will carry on for Tom McGannon and Carl Dahlbeck and build a monument to their names a monument which will be “one
brick higher”!
Seniors Don Cords, Derbies
Will Form On Stuart Field, March To Game
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE POSITION Powell (97) LE Schreyer (42) LT Burmeister (44) LG Bell (33) C Grant (36) RGr Woltman (77) RT Vergane (72) RE Cody Isbell, (58) QB Stalcup (46) LH.
OHIO UNIVERSITY Morgan (63) Nelson (71) Caruso (72) Morris (70) Donofrio (68) Wood (62) Platzke (64) Boehk (67)
Jurkovic (66)
Lack Of Practice May Show Against Boilermakers; Ohio Gridmen Boast Strong Tesun; Undefeated In Two Seasmis
Purdue’s reorganized grid squad faces a crucial test this afternoon at 2 o'clock against Ohio University in the Ross-Ade
stadium.
In the Season’s opener, the Boilermakers have been given a slight edge by most dopesters over Coach Peden’s fighting Bobcats. This choice means little
Drake (78) RH Chernitski (56) Cecil Isbell (88) FB Wills (59) Officials: Referee, Frank Birch, Earlham; umpire, Anthony Haines, Yale; field judge, R. H. Rupp, Lebanon Valley; head
linesman, Boyd Chambers, Denison.
PURDUE Substitutes—16, Sines; 17, Dean; 18, Spehn, 25, Lehr; 29, Humphrey; 32, Purdy; 34, Zachary; 35, Fitzgerald; 40, Upton; 43, Petry; 48, Juska; 49, Botney; 50, Knorr; 52, Steward; 54, Sink; 56, Medley; 87, Gift; 60, Stephenson; 66, Purvis; 67, Bush; 71, Mihal; 73, Kodros; 75, Ippolito; 76, Selby; 80, Johnson; 82, Krause; 90, Graves; 94, Faris; 96,
Klika.
OHIO UNIVERSITY Substitutes: 4, Laskin; 7, Kucinskis; 8, Marcks; 11, Seedhouse; 15, Terrell; 17, Day; 18, Stevenson; 20, Wilcox; 25, Carter; 26, Little; 32, Hirsimaki; 34, Bergland; 36, Drake; 37, Hyman; 39, Mruzik; 40, Kovalik; 41, Ivary; 42, Kettles; 43, Guerra; 46, Rodgers; 48, Adamczyk; 50, Montgomery; 51, Diehl; 52, Manning; 53 Bennett; 54, Hyatt; 55, Irelan; 58, Dunn; 60, Mohler; 65, Iwicz; 67, Claugus; 69, Janiak; 73, Chizek.
2,500 Turn Out At Pep Session
Kizer, CapL Bell, Pres.
Elliott, Prof. Doan Address Cheering Crowd
Approximately 2,500 people turned out on Stuart Field last night’ at 7:30 o’clock for the final pep session before today’s grid season opener. Surrounded by such signs as “Purdue Forever, Ohio Never!” and “Batter the Bobcats!”, cheer leader “Walt” Burnell opened the rally by leading the gathering in cheers. Elliott Introduced President E. C. Elliott was introduced and called upon the student body to give full support to the team by attending today’s game.’He said, “Attending the game tomorrow is my first job; it is also your first job.” President Elliott introduced head Coach Noble Kizer, who asked ,that the studept body exhibit a spirit similar to that of the injured football stars who thought only of the other players. Captain George Bell made a short talk and then went home to bed. The other football players were all at home to keep in condition for the game. “Pop” Doan made the final talk. Cheer leader BmrneU again led the crowd in several yells and the band concluded the session by playing “Hail Purdue!”
University Host To Boy Scouts; 5,000 Will Attend Came
Boy Scouts, numbering between 4,000 and 5,000, will see the PurdueOhio University football game from specially reserved sections in the stadium as guests of the University athletic department. Girl Scouts, school boy patrols and other youth groups will also get free seats. Visiting Scout patrols may make tours of the campus if they register at the Union Building. The tours will be conducted between 8 and 12 o’clock this morning. Atil2:30, the Scouts will form a parade on the campus and march to the stadium, led by the Jeff high school band. They will have seats on the east side of the field. Alpha Phi Omega, national Scout fraternity, will have charge of the day’s program for all the assembled Scouts. Frank W. Bryant, Scout commi^sioper, will be in charge of the parade, which will include Girl Scouts and other groups. Scouts will be accompanied by their Scoutmasters and by treap committees and council members.
Corduroys Will Admit Seniors To Mixer-Tonight
Seniors wearing cords will be admitted with their dates to the annual Senior Cord dance tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom without charge. Other couples must pay the regular mixer price of one dollar for admission. Louie Lowe, who played for last night’s mixer, will again furnish the music from 9 till 12 o’clock. A University graduate in civil engineering in 1928 and the original Gold and Black Aces singing star, he is well known to campus dancers. Decorations will consist of a backdrop depicting the typical senior with his yellow cords, black derby, and cigar. No stags will be admitted to tonight’s affair.
Work On New WRH To Start Next Monday
Kemmer Awarded Contract; Structure To Be North Of First I^all
Buy Balloon; Open Season With Bang
Boilermaker rooters who want to start the football season off with a “bang” can obtain football-shaped balloons to help them with their noisemaking from Gold Pepper salesgirls at ten cents each. The 21 members of Gold Peppers, co-ed athletic booster similar to the men’s organization. Gimlet, are selling these balloons at cost as a novel feature for the game. Co-eds of this organization will sit in a reserved section on the 50yard line wearing black scarfs with gold pepper emblems. Several sororities and fraternities have already placed orders for these football balloons. The committee an charge of sales composed of Aline Marshall, June Lippert, and Ruth Grimm. All other members will b,e selling the balloons before and during the game, however.
A. E. Kemmer, local contractor, was awarded the contract for building the second unit of the Women’s Residence Halls at the University yesterday on his bid of $249,650, at a special meeting of the board of trustees, President E. C. Elliott announced. The contract, which was made possible by a grant of $142,200 from the Public Works Administration, was signed subject to PWA approval. Kemmer announced he would begin work Monday on the new structure which IS to be ready for occupancy next September. Other bidders were E. O. Carson, Indianapolis, $259,819; John Felmly Co., Bloomington, 111., $284,850; Jacobson Bros. Co., Chicago, $294,200; H. G. Christman & Co., South Bend, $303,700. Tudor Design The new structm-e will stand due north of the first Residence Hall which faces State street. It .also will be of Tudor design, built of concrete and brick walls exterior, with J^edford stone trim. Standing three stories high, it will provide quarters for 120 girls, doubling the capacity of the residence halls unit. The present administrative staff for the Residence Hall, Miss Helen Schleman, as director; Miss Naomi Maguire, in charge of dietetics and Miss Alice Price, nurse, will continue in charge of the work of both
buildings.
Besides considering the Residence Hall bids the board also went over preparation of the budget for the coming session of the Indiana Genoral Assembly. Three members of the board, J. K. Lilly, Indianapolis; J. L. Kimbrough, Muncie, and J. E. Hall, Indianapolis, began new terms of three years each, following reappointment by Governor Paul V.
McNutt.
Two old wooden pictures, described as panels by Marc Gheeraedts, were sold recently in London for $6,612.50.
FRESHMAN GIRLS
Freshman girls who intend to go through rush week must register at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building Saturday, September 26, from 10 a. m. till 2 p. 1)1. --SCHAAF.
against a team that has a reputation of knocking off the favorites as they di^ last season in their opener against Illinois, who was expects to hand the Bobcats a thorough skinning. Ohio University turned on the steam and appears at the stadium ttria after* noon undefeated and untied in the last two seasons.
Short On Practice Coach Kizer’s most serious worry is that his team will appear on the field with too little practice and will show this in its play. In an effort to correct this, the local mentor b*>a put his Old Gold and Black squad through a couple of stiff and snappy scrimmages in the last few dajrs. At the pep session last night. Coach Kizer praised the spirit of the players who ,were in the fatal fire in that they asked about Hw welfare of the others rather than about how soon they themselves would be well. “Nobe” stated that as long as his team had spirit like that and thought of the other players instead of the publicity that they themselves mi^t receive, Bordue would have a team of wfaidk to be
proud.
More Spirit Captain “Punchy” Bell added more to last night’s pep session in (Continued on page 3)
First Corps Review Tues.
Fourth Reguuent Will Form Outside Armoiy
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, Sept. 28, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Enlarged to four regiments and containing 2,500 members^ the University R. O. T. C. corps will form for the first review of the season Tuesday, acconqiamed by the Furdue military band of 140 pieces. The first tlu*ee regiments will form in the Armory while the fourth regiment forms in back of the hnildSngAfter the brigade has formed, the men will march to Jhiammiiral Fidd where they will be inspected and reviewed. In case of rain the fourth regiment will r^ort to Fowler and the other regiments will do calisthenics and command S3rstem drill in .the Armory. The military department has issued a command stating that Brom now on every student in ranks wiHl execute hand salute at the command “present arms”, and hold the position until the command “order arras” is given. The student body and the general public are invited to watch this first review of the season and to see the enlarged corps of 2,509 students.
Pledges Ply Razor; Meister Mi^es Session But Keeps Lip Decoration
Dean Clapper Parsons, concert meister of the University band, was forced to miss the pep session last night because pf a mustache. Dean had a mustache that was the pride and joy of the senior class of the Sig house. The ambitious Sig pledges enlisted the aid of the sophomores and attempted to fight the upperclassmen for Dean’s lip ornament. In the melee that followed, two men passed out, one of them the musician, According to latest information from Littleton Street, Denn sril,l has his mustache although the band had no Concert Meister for last night.
R. B. Stewwrt Host For CaryHaII.WRHFrolie
The annual W. R. BT.-Carry Hall frolic, a dutch-treat a£^, was held on the lawn of R. B. Stewarl^s residence last night friwn 4:30 to 7 m. Dancing followed in the basement and garage of the house whicbi ^ were generously turned over to the picnickers. - Loud speakers carried musio to the dancers from the Cary HMX ' chestra, which played to tbo opeu -airbesideHmgreicffvv''
*
J ^
-‘m
\
^ fll K*Kfite rnJt I I'il.iS ,
I'l! . . ‘
Klin
iNtge T«ri»
THE PUKDUE exponent
v^,; •% ,y,*i %n• . ,f,, ",J' i;-K-«!,..(A„
\ iSattiyc(ay> September Sl6> 193^ i
% f '^ \ i
¥
i.l fft 4f (
Cords
Today the seniors will, for the first time, don the traditional cords and derbies, signalizing their entrance into the last year of their studies. The wearing of cords is perhaps the only tradition that has been faithfully observed. Probably that is because all seniors are anxious to show their pride in their class. Last year Prof. G. A. Young donated a plaque to the school which had the largest percentage of seniors in the annual parade. This year all schools are attempting to win the award, and interest has been aroused to a new peak. Ckmgratulations to the new cord wearers are in order. May they I’ealize the true significance of the traditional garb and live up to the great things Purdue expects of them.
The Bonus That Was Earned For years American liberals and progressive students have been forced regretfully to place the American Legion at the head of black lists of the reactionary organizations which were attempting to abridge civil liberties and curtail minority groups in the name of patriotism and national unity. This stereotyped picture was given a rude shock by Newton D. Baker, Secretary of War in President Wilson’s cabinet, in an address to the Legion convention at Cleveland recently. Baker told the veterans that their prime mission “was to see that the principles of individual liberty are not surrendered in deference to any political heresy.” Later in his speech the former cabinet member vigorously attacked the increasing subjection of individual rights and liberties before the growth of nationalism. In such a statement lies the foundation of a creed for the Legion, a creed which recognizes, as dissident groups within the veterans organization have maintained for years, that Americanism “means freedom for minority groups as well as for the majority, and unhampered liberty of speech and the press.” But while Baker was delivering his speech, the President of the women’s auxiliary of the Legion, Mrs. Melville Mucklestone, was calling for a vigorous “anti-ied” campaign, declaring that Americanism meant an end to subversive activities. It is to be hoped that the liberal view of Baker will prevail over the jingoism, manifested by Mrs. Mucklestone, which has previously dominated the Legion’s policy. For the one supreme bonus which was earned by the veterans in two years of fighting in French death valleys was their special right to contradict false patriotism, to answer the claims of narrow nationalists, to assert that the Americanism, for which they fought, was broad and all-inclusive in its meaning and sincere in its promise of “liberty and justice for all.— The Dartmouth.
A Statement
The University Daily Kansan faces this year a most peculiar set of circumstances. An alumnus of the University and governor of the State of Kansas is a candidate for the presidency of the United States. The Kansan, because so many inquiries have been made, must accordingly define the policy of the paper during the present campaign. In years past it has been the settled policy of the Kansan to deal dispassionately and objectively with political questions. It is difficult to detach ourselves when we are so dose to one side, so close to a candidate who is the first graduate of this University to be nominated by a, major political party for the highest honor of the land, and whose supporters are possibly a majority of the Hill’s students. Measured by current standards, Mr. Landon is a successful man, a good man, and a popular man. There is piuch to be praised and much to be criticized in the things he stands for. It depends on a personal point of view. At the same time, the President of the United States seeks re-election to that position. He too, in all honesty, may be criticized and praised. We feel incapable of sitting in judgment regarding two men of 8U(ffi merit. We do not feel eapeUe of set^
Sfie $urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Oistnbutor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
lloKber of National CoUesre Preas Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Exclnsivdy B^resented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the itost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by earner, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editonal Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managmg Editor _ E. H. Moms Associate Editors .. K A Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P, Manlon, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor L. D. Wood Associate Sports Editors _ __ „_W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager — R. j. Hulse Kattonal Advertising Manager _ L. H. Brown Advertising Manager . D, 0. Miller CIrcnIatton Manager^— J. P, Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF Helen Creech
- - — Betty Barnett ,._ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elizabeth Pyke
nutor.
Advertisiw Manager. AlSKieiate Editors ...
iBBue Editwr—-L. S. Hardin
ting ourselves dp as rabid, uttcompromisifig followers of either of these men both of whose works we have seen and experienced. Instead, we endeavor to set ourselves to the task of maintaining the ideal set up for the Kansan. We shall attempt to vreite as objectively as humanly possible on the whole political situation in these United States. And by the contifiued “winnowing and sifting” reach truth. We can not suit all of the readers all of the time, but we shall endeavor to suit all of them at least half of the time. However, like hungry turkey buzzards with an eye for carrion, the publicity committees for the major parties will undoubtedly be watching for any slips we make. The Daily Kansan goes to headquarters of both parties. ‘ Consequently, we are initiating this year a policy of having signed by the writers any editorials of a political nature that shall appear in the Kansan up to election time. We shall welcome i strongly such editorials from the editorial classes and members of the Kansan editorial staif. It would be impossible to deal with the situation otherwise. Each editorial will be read and passed upon by the Publisher, a student, who ha^ been empowered to do so by the Kansan Board, consisting of students vitally interested in the welfare of the Kansan. Likewise news of both parties’ activities will be kept in proportion as far as possible. By this procedure we hope to get away from sophistry, hollow praises, and unsubstantiated canards and accusations. We realize we shall deal with the news of political nature, attempting to keep proportion and taste at all times. We realize we face a task that can not be accomplished perfectly, but that goal as one toward which to work, we feel can not be criticized.—University Daily Kansan.
Editor’s Note: I thought it would be interesting to students to see how the newspaper at the University of Kansas intends to handle the presidential campaign when one of its alumni is a strong candidate. Thus the Exponent reprints the above editorial.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those oj the writer.
Another Fable
Once upon a time at the famed college of Per-Dew, which I have mentioned before, there was a brilliant student without an ounce of brains. He was so smart that he took all the courses offered by the college in his four years, only he finished in two years. He also entered every activity, including sports, and rose to the top in each. He was so smart that by the time he graduated (he was only thirteen) he had been offered jobs by 13,879 companies. Naturally, with his 6.60 average each semester, our hero was approached by every honorary on the campus. Not liking to slight any of them, he joined them all. He paid out over ten thousand dollars in fees. (This is Where the song and dance about not an ounce of brains comes in.) Then the first thing he knew he was the proud possessor of several hundred keys, not door, hut fraternity, ranging in weight from one-tenth of an ounce to several pounds. The total weight of all the keys was around thirteen tons. Shortly after graduation he was asked to address a Rotary Club meeting on the “Secret of Success”. Wishing to impress the audience, he decided to wear all his college keys. It was no trouble for an athlete such as he to carry them all, so he put them on his watch chain and started to talk. During a particularly important part of his speech he started making a number of emphatic gestures, as had been taught in English 14. Suddenly the listeners gasped as a flash like lightning struck him and he was electrocuted before their eyes. The electricity generated by the friction of his keys, one on another, had killed him MORAL: Don’t be a hog and join all the honoraries available.
Oh, hellol Well, Theta JEAN ADKINS heads the list today. SHE, dear readers, holds a record. Not to be content with dating ordinary Boilermakers, she chooses to date five ‘‘‘de-pinned” Phi Psi’s, then to complete her venture, she makes a date with Phi Psi DAVE CLUGSTON, who only three days ago parted company with HIS pin. “It’s going to cost my dad a lot more to keep me in school this semester.” “Why?” “My roommate’s abroad.” After two weeks’ painstaking study and relentless virtue. Pi Phi KERNEL finally entrusted the postman with her pin. Yes, back to I. U. “PURITY HALL” Thus reads the (ironical?) sign above Chi O’s GRIMM and LYONS room. Of course, we only heard! After a year of weathering, the following poem still sounds fair: My heart is wrapped in cellophane. That stuff which weathers every strain. Quite safe, my heart—^unless you learn That cellophane will burn. This year, the sororities are praying: If only more girls would come to school, it would save a lot of fighting over the ones that do come. With legal rush coming up. Pi Phi’s BLOW, BLOCKER, BRYANT and GILLESPIE decided to invest
The MARS double pass, this week, goes to UNCANNY, whose crippled, moronic brain devised thirty-two ranking (to smell) “Knock, Knocks.” If the “gentleman” in question will call at the Union desk, he may reap his reward.
The Topic Of The Day Rush IS upon us with all the 'surprises that a new system may bring. After two weeks of conjecturing, the wondering time is finished and real action begins' tomorrow. Through the past two weeks members of the different groups have looked the new girls over as they appear in normal life. In turn the freshman women have seen the different sorority women in various activities. How much the two new sorority houses on the campus will affect the freshman co-eds remains to be seen. This topic has been r vital bit of conversation in the four remaining groups. However all SIX houses are adequate and comfortable. Although every organized girl hopes this rush system will be successful, the question running through her mind is “How much has X group influenced Y girl with its meetings in the Sweet Shop and on campus?” The freshman women students without doubt are experiencing many qualms—^perfectly normal feelings. The idea of carrying on coherent conversations and trying to appear at one’s best for two weeks are a bit disturbing to any one. In the back of each girl’s mind is the hope that she did well on the orientation examinations. The next two weeks will disclose the benefits of this system. The change might be good, for it appears like a half-way mark between the strict rules of our old system and the distinct lack of rules at Indiana University. B. C. P.
It is so easy to play; so hard to learn that you cannot play for long without work. A fool’s paradise is only the anteroom to a fool’s hell.—F. S. Tantor.
Announce Exams For Clerical Work Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, announced yesterday that another examination for those desiring to work at the University would be held October 24. The clerical examination will be held in the Education Building at 10 a.m. The stenographic examination will be held at 'the Lafayette Business College in the afternoon between the hours of 1 and 3 o’clock. Applications to take the examination must be filed at the president’s office not later than Monday, October 19.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119'/i Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 P. M. INTERMEDIATE Thurs. Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct. 2, 6:30 P. M.
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
ARC SUNDAY-MONDAY BARBARA STANWYCK and GENE RAYMOND in ‘^The Bride Walks Out” and Mary Taylor and Walter Connolly in “Soak the Rich” "—Also™ Laurel & Hardy Comedy LAST TIMES TODAY “King of the Pecos” “Navy Wife”
“Clutching Hand” Betty Boop Cartoon ISc Double Feature 15c
-M-
grin and bear it
By ticlity
‘He should worry about gettin’ the gate—^he can always go back to teaching journalism.”
LIKE TO i^LAUOM ^ A LOTI ^
h’% got wfidts hod H»tk to tfiesc tvncf .. "When Did You Loovo Heavenf".“Sing, Baby, Sing", "You Turned The Table* On Mo". "Lovo'^WIII Tell"
'ili:): I <
«jRIK AND BIAR IT
By Liehty
:‘WV'
”We, the jur^r, agrees!”
Graduate Writes Power Plant Story For Periodical St. Joseph, Mich,, Sept. 25.—^Installation of a new 110,000 hp. high pressure steaih turbine at the River Rouge power plant of the Ford Motor Company makes this plant the largest industrial steam power generating plant in the world with about 436,000 installed horsepower capaciiy. This turbine alone with the other equipment necessitated by the addition, went into operation khis summer. The high temperature and pressure of the Ford installation makes the pipes glow a dull cherry red,: and the joints and insulation presented an involved problem. The operating pressure is 1260 pounds per square inch and the temperature is 900 degrees Fahrenheit. A complete article describiiigtihis turbine appeared in the October issue of ^‘Indhstrial Power’'. ThS article was written by H. E. Hollensbe, Ch. E. '15, editor of the 1916 Debris, whd is now managing editor of “Industrial Power”. S. D. Distelhorst, E. E. '36, is associate editor of this publication.
Tfae tkinkimr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occasions 2irc per passengrer any part of the city 502S PHONES 8071 YELLOW CABCO.
Dr.T.KooTo Talk Tuesday In Fowler Hall R ell g i o u s Council Sponsors Lecture By Oriental Lecturer Dr. T. Z. Koq, well known Oriental lecturer and leader, will give a talk on world reations Tuesday evening at 8:16 in Eliza Fowler Hall. The talk is being sponsored by the University Religious Council and will be open to the public. Dr. Kop, who is coming from the National Preaching Mission in New York, graduated From St. John’s University, Shanghai, China, and was identified with the Young Men’s Christian Association Jn China after early work as an official in the Administrative Departnient of the Chinese Railway Service. With the Y. M. C. A. his work was connected especially with universities and colleges; later he was charged with the ciiltivation of better international relations. In 1926 he was a member of the Second Opium Conference called in Switzerland by the League of Nations, being one of three chosen to represent the Chinese people as a whole. Before thfe main address Tuesday evening. Dr. Koo will be the ^est of honor at a Y. M. 6. A. supper meeting at 6:30 o’clock in the Y. M. C. A. building.
P|:!e6. Elliott Returns After Eventful Trip To New York
; hade hi his office yesterday «ft^ an <^eiitfal trip to Nexy York Ci^, ^here he went by plane early last Tuesday to open the New Yhik Heraid-^b-une Forum on current problems. He was forced to relate to his friends the stbry of his "^trip of Mps’’ that included the founding of his plane at Pittsburgh because of fog, late arrival at the Newark, N. J., airport, a police escort Which took him through Newark; NeW Jers^, through the Holland tunnel and through New York City to the Wal-doid'-Astoria in a little more than 20 minutes in order to make liis place on the program. Here is What the HeraW-Tribune had to say about his trip and p^artial report on his talk:
‘^f. Edward C. Elliott; president of Purdue iUhiverSity, scheduled to deliver the keynote address for the *N^V#ay of Living,’ had atteUipfed to : use the new way of travel, and was forced down by fog at' Pittsburgh at:'4 a. m. He arrived breathless about noontime, saying he had finally reached Newark by air;: and thanks to the hospitality of Mayor LaGuardia had come from NeWark with a police escort. Thus he h^d learned, he said jestingly^, that the gr^t problem. Was not the new way of living, but keeping alive at ail. “His address, which closed the morning session, was based on the survey of housing made by the Purdue housing research foimdation, of which he is head.”
Seniors Don Cords And Derbies Todoy (Continued from page 1)
neering, donated a silver plaque to the group which was represented by the largest percentage of its sen iors. His school won with a percentage of 92. This year the award will again be made. The M. E. seniors are bound to keep their trophy, and the seniors of other schools are just as determined to take it from them. It will be hung ip the halls of the school that wins it with the new name engraved on it. Non-Participants It was announced yesterday that those unable to participate in the parade because of duties Will be counted as having marched. This includes football players, managers, ushers, and guards. The Custom which Started in 1906 is today receiving more enthusiasm than ever before. In the year of the establishment of the tradition, jimiors, with their distinguishing hats, and freshmen, with their pots, were the inarchers. The freshmen dropped out the next year, and the seniors in their corduroy trousers tpqk their place.. ■ ■ i , Juniors and, seniors marched, together for several years, before xhe juniors dropped out because they could not get their hats.
Teach Students Scientific German In Two Semesters A striking phase of the recent extensive revision of the chemical engineering curriculum is the radical change iii the character of the instruction in German. The new grammar, written by Prof. John T. Fotos, of the modem languages de-
TransferSf Mentors Hold Picnic At Cabin Fifty transfer women met with their mentors yesterday afternoon at the W. A. A. Cabin for a picnic. As the girls enjoyed refreshmehts around the fire, they introduced theniselves by telling the places from which they came. Virginia, Florida, and Arkansas were the most distant states represented, each by one co-ed. Activities on campus were explained by the mentors in an effort to help the tranter women to become acclimated to the customs and routine'of the University.
FiroBh Meet Bfomlay At Fowler Hall All fr&illmen and nmntor^ meet Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The heads of all campus activities will e^qplain the purposes and reqnii^^ ments of their activities. Any problems that the freshmen may have Will be answered at that time.
1,000 Attend Swine Day A^ 1,0>00 fanners, county agents, vocational teachers, and high school students assembled here yesterday for the sixteenth annual Swine Day. University specialists discussed results of feeding 290 head of hogs rations comparing roasted soybeans with soybean oil meal, limited with unlimited access to tankage as a protein supplement, and soybean oil meal processed by the expeller method as with that processed by the solvent method. An inspection trip over the Purdue Swine Farm, located three miles north of here, furnished visitors an opportunity to study the conditions under which the experiments were conducted.
Phone 794S 208 N. 9th UNITED Pnart Peimanent Waves $2.50 and $3.50 Shampoo and Srt 35e Ckied Say Tnesday—Shampoo and Set 25e
'fiWt-Wato*"" - : Shelly Scientific Beeufy Parlor We have a eoaWtetn Ifaw o< henoty eaftnxe with the , best ^nality' ot merchandfae at ppn- : iilar prieen. Welemne eoeda l :
Phone C39S
Mtlfofo
IN MEMORIAM We will be closed during the game today.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Now is the Time to Buy
When it is necessary to use a slide rule, you will know how to use and can then give your time to getting your lessons. Most students-who fail mechanics are the ones who do not know how tomse a slide rule. Every Thing Yon Want at Yonr Price BOOKSTORE . . DEACS
,301 IJiiiyer^y ■ Phone 5752,^' Across from Ankiory
T-BONE STEAK OR FRIED CHICKEN ^ ^ ^ ^ Potatoes: French Fried, Hash-Brotmy Mashed—^alad—^Vegetable Home Made Ice Creaim j TOM'S FREE DELl'VERY NIGHTS—-Get, Hot SandvdHi in Bed. Hoine Made lee Chream 25c quart. Special Courtesy to Fraternities and Sororities. GIVEME ARING QUICK SERlHCEpS;!lvfeff-;,j .-/'- ■ i(i5i,.v.>' ^'■' *', , ,1’ ' '
■iI'f'i''’ h 'l
®^l)e Burbue exponent
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SEPTEMBEE 26,1986
NUMBER l|
I TlcldiciT \* ....choice Bob Walpole -
The varsity took its last workout yesterday afternoon on a smooth, green, soft field ... the grass in the stadium is just about perfect for the opener, and the weather ideal for a football encounter . . . let’s hope it is like that this afternoon ... —^fc—
Not all Big Ten teams are in action today, but a few of the outfits are opening their 1936 schedule .. . Mnce we started predicting the outcome of major athletic events last year in the early issues of Fielder’s Choice, and since we didn’t hear many kicks, we might as well do it again... —^fc— If we miss, we will try again the following Saturday ... if we hit ’em ... we will try again ailyway . . . our predictions are based upon press reports from the various universities plus a hearty guess . . . here we go ... —^fc—
Chicago vs. Lawrence ... Chicago by six points . . . Lawrence has a fair outfit, but Big Ten competition is tougher... the Maroons are minus the one and only Jay Berwanger ... —^fc— Minnesota at Washington ... the Gropher’s by twelve points. A tough game for the Minnesota eleven, but they have Coach Bernie Bierman and a number of last year’s regulars back... —fo— Wisconsin at home with South Dakota State ... the Badgers to win by seven points . . . Wisconsin is due for a good year this season and South Dakota should be an easy opener ... —fc— Illinois at Champaign with De Paul . . . the mini will win by at least 13 points ... this team is also on the up grade .. . —fc—
Iowa at home with Carleton . the Hawkeyes should have little trouble with this Northfield, Minnesota, team ... 13 to 20 points should be the margin ... Iowa still has Oze Simmons, stellar colored back who is playing his senior year . . . —fc— Purdue, in West Lafayette, with Ohio University ... we refuse to predict any score... the team looks like it has the stuff, and from the appearance of the student spirit, the Boilermakers are going out to win this afternoon . . . everybody be there and watch the Boilermakers sail on ...
C^PT" S£:c.L.
Captain George Bell, who will lead the spirit of today’s game, and ii cooperation with his left hand man, Forrest Burmeister, is expected to mow down the enemy defense.
30 Report To Tennis Coach
Thirty candidates for the Boilermaker tennis squad have reported to Coach LaBree and are now engaged in an elimination tournament to select the eight best men. The tourney is divided into two divisions with the better players in A division and the others in the B group. Wakefield, the only returning letterman, Jackson, Beimting and Reed have shown up well so far after the summer of less strict training. A number of others are improving steadily and give all indications of making up a squad worthy of filling the boots of last year’s team.
Lacking Uniforms, Band Will Remain
In Seats At Half
The 140 piece University military band will not march at today’s football game due to the lack of uniforms for the sixty odd freshmen who joined the organization last week. Director P. S. Emrick announced last night. During the game, the band will have seats in the gtadium and will play in civilian cliches. Plans are nearing completion for the band to perform in the Purdue-Wisconsin game October 10.
Air mail service has been inaugurated between Hongkong, China, and India.
Gopher Squad Forced To Flee From Hotel Fire
The entire Minnesota University football squad of 44 men was forced to flee from their rooms in a Missoula, Mont., hotel Thursday, when a fire broke out. The Gophers, accompanied by Coach Bernie Bierman, were en route to Seattle where they meet the University of Washington team.
Los Angeles Junior College sports an All-American guard. He is Sam Shibuya, who was picked on the Japanese “All-American” grid squad.
Badger s-Jackrabbits Play Opener Today
Wisconsin Team Expects Battle In Season*s First Game With Powerful South Dakota Team PROBABLE LINEUP
WISCONSIN POSITION S. DAKOTA STATE Benz or Peak LE i Memaugh Goleingeske (C) LT Pulman Lanphear LG Stenson Mahnke C Lassen Cole RG Kloster Jensen RT Ringsrud Lovshin RE Wick Windward QB Thompson Misiak or Beilin LH Rouseff Tommerson or MalesevichRH Leinhardt Jankowski FB Barber
Officials: referee, Fred Gardner (Cornell); umpire, Ernie Vick (Michigan); field judge, Meyer Morton (Michigan; head linesman, J. J. Lipp (Chicago); time of game, 2 p. m. (CST).
West Lafayette 132 Vine St.
641 Main St., Lafayette
Whether for street or evening wear, we give your garments the same careful attention.
A carefully Dry Cleaned Garment has that new appearance and gives you that filing of being well dressed.
Our office at 132 Vine Street is for your convenience, or phone 3085.
American Laundry
PHONES 7278*3085
Curiosity as to the future of Badger football, which has been seething in supporters of Wisconsin athletics since last spring, will be at least partially appeased when Coach Harry Stuhldreher sends his first Wisconsin football team out against the powerful South Dakota State eleven, at Camp Randall, today. The South Dakota Jackrabbits are no ordinary opening game “setup”. A year ago, they came unheralded, upset what was thought to be a representative Badger eleven, 13-6, and were “made” for the year. This year, despite the loss of a star back, Paul Miller, who scored the winning touchdown in 1935, Coach “Red” Threlfall is coming to Madison with a team rated every bit as strong as his last year’s combination. Today is boys’ and girls’ day at Camp Randall. All high school students and others of high school age in Wisconsin are invited as guests of the Badger athletic department. It is expected that 12,000 to 15,000 will take advantage of this invitation and that the adult attendance will exceed 10,000. The game is a popular priced attraction and, with good weather, may set a new opening game record.
Kizermen Battle Bobcats Today (Continued from page 1)
his address to the crowd. Bell furthered President Elliott’s plea for more spirit from the stands and asserted that the team’s spirif'will be great as long as the stands show that the students have the true Boilermaker spirit. Purdue’s success this afternoon depends greatly upon the skill in which Coach Kizer has juggled his men to fill the weak positions. If Burmeister and Grant live up to Kizer’s expectations, and Powell and Vergane come through at the wings, the Boilermaker line should be able to hold its own against any line in the country. In the backfield, Kizer has at last shuffled a combination that seems to suit him. Stalcpp and Drake have been chosen to' play the halfback positions. Cecil Isbell will plunge from fullback and his brother Cody will call signals from quarter.
5:00 o’clock E. N. Craft vs. P. V. Plapp W. I. Metzger vs. E. Lown B. Kaufman vs. W. J. Demer 0. W. Buenting vs. H. Baugh D. Waid vs. C. L. Sadlet W. B. Billings vs. J. P. Taylor
Four Veterans Ohio University’s hopes rest to a large extent upon the shoulders of the four veterans from last year’s undefeated squad. Two of-these veterans are linemen. Captain Morgan at left end and Donofrio at right guard. The other two men that Coach Peden is counting largely on are halfbacks, Jurkovic and Chernitski.
FRATERNITY SOFTBALL
Monday, September 28 Diamond 1 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 2 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta. 3 Delta Tau Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 4 Triangle vs. Phi Pi Phi. 5 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa. 6 Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Theta Chi. 7 Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 9 Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Chi. . 10 Acacia vs. Kappa Delta Rho, 11 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Upsilon. 12 Theta Tau vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 13 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Pira thon. 14 Sigma Nu vs. Beta Theta Pi. 16 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 16 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma ■ Alpha Mu. 17 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Sig ma Kappa.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
Monday, September 28 4:15 o’clock H. L. Duhart vs. H. Fuente J. T. Small vs. W. M. Snyder. D. Oberle vs. W. Windecker R. H. Latter vs. M. C. Magnussen J. J. Delaplane.vs. Ray Tillson P. T. Cooper vs. R. F. Royster C. E. Franklin vs. J. A. Hebbler
McMillin To Broadcast
Coach Bo McMillin, of Indiana University, will be interviewed by James Mathney over station WFBM, Indianapolis, tomorrow from 11:30 to 12 a. m. The program will pay tribute to Indiana collegiate football.
FAMILY
SUNDAY-UONDAT
HeSmBhtS MOSTBXCmm um TBAMr
MSOiMMSi. EXTRA JOY! ALL COLOR CARTOON
LAST TIMDS TODA^ir BUCK JONES “Ride ’Em Cowboy” and LLOYD HUGHES / in “Night Cargo”
ceCf iffBELL <3“/ P*T
Wayne Gift, Purdue’s field general, and Cecil Isbell, flashing halfback, are counted on to pile up yardage for the Gold and Black this afternoon.
Hospital Reports Players Improved
A report yesterday from St. Elizabeth hospital stated that Lowell Decker and Pat Malaska, who have been confined there for treatment for burns they received in the shower room explosion two weeks ago, are continuing to show steady improvement. Both boys were in a serious condition following the accident, but it is now believed that Malaska is beyond all danger, and Decker is making daily gains against the effects of serious biirns.
Since Sunday, Decker’s most severe bums have given evidence of starting to heal, and new skin is forming over the burned areas on Malaska’s legs.
Finn Star Snaps Lash's Two-Mile Record
Other Games
The comparative Big Ten standing for the period 1929 tp 199^ follows; ! Team W. L. T. pet. Purdue 28 ,8 2 ,777 Ohio State 24" 9 4 ,727 Minnesota —1 21 lO 4 .677 Michigan ....1.24 18 2 .648 Northwestern ........20 16 3 .556 Illinois, ,...14 22 1 .388 Wisconsin ....18 22 8 .371 Iowa 7 18 6. .280 Indiana 8* 22 7 .266 Chicago 7 26 2 .218 ■"Indiana credited with one wb» for victory in round-robin series at Chicago in 1931. During the same period, including both Big Ten and non-conference games, Purdue has won 45 games, lost 11, and tied 2.
Berwanger* s Absence Causes Uneasiness At Chicago University
This afternoon marks the first time in three years that Chicago University’s football team will play a game without John Jacob Berwanger. Two Veterans, Fareed and Lehnhardt, may be used to stop up the hole left by Berwanger, with Lawrence College furnishing the opposition today. Though it will be impossible to make up for Jay’s absence entirely, the Maroons may give the sports writers something to chew on in the way of a new star and wonder team.
Don Lash’s world record of 8:58.3 for the two mile run was smashed by nine-tenths of a second at Stockholm, Sweden, yesterday, by Gunnar Hoeckert, Finland’s 5,000 meter Olympic champion. Hoeckert stepped off the distance in 8:67.4.
Farmers of England are drying grass artificially to get five crops of hay a year.
Commercial aviation companies of Spain report a large increase in the number of passengers this year.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Instructions for Piano Popular or Classical FERDINAND FOLTZ 704 N. 6th St. Phone 7887
Rent A Car for the Evening
ROGERS GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well WaUace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
FINAL TODAY “The Great Ziegfeld” ■with
WILLIAM POWELL LOUISE RAINER ^ MYRNA LOY ■ FRANK MORGAN
LUNA
Starts TOMORROW- r- i r r ' ^ Sa,ttijday, .ge:^tettilw¥ 1936^
ate!
Y-il ^ ^ tki|«h|M M| Cobbs Heads Cooperative 20 Members Of PSCA Have House Here Members of the newly organized Purdue Student Cooperative Association, a cooperative venture owned and operated solely by its twenty members, announces the election of the following offiicers: Harlod V. Cobbs, president; Allen Brown, vice president; James V. Ludberg, treasurer; James H. Denius, secretary; Eric Swanson and Frank DelaCroix, house managers; Max Munson and Robert Lucas, purchasing agents; and Harold Coffing, social chairman. This group, living in the house which they have leased at 1 University Street, first met last spring and in a few meetings plans of organization were laid out. During the summer, a house was leased, various necessities were purchased and the house was equipped and furnished. This fall, these men returned to live in their own house, to do their own work—to live cooperatively as hundreds of students are living in other colleges and universities.
Prof. Schwab Addresses Ag Workers Today Prof. John W. Schwab, of the University, will speak at a meeting of the Tippecanoe county agricultural workers in the county agent’s office this morning at 9 o’clock. Professor Schwab will talk on the fall management of gilts and the 4-H Pig club show. The securing of beef calves from the southwest and methods of financing their purchase will be discussed by Mr. Anson Thomas, of the Producer’s Commission Association
Pardon, Reamers The story in yesterday morning’s Exponent about last night’s pep session failed to mention that the Reamer club had participated in preparing and presenting the affair This was an accidental omission The Reamers spent much time, energy and money on the rally
Printing! uooti QBBiny- rronipt aBrvm- i.oiwsi rncw We Meet... and Beat.. . All Competition Kane^s Print Shop Dial 5205 401 S. 29th St. Lafayette
Grades Short Play Rates Row, Peterson Year Book “Alchemy,” a one-act play written by H. J. Hershenow, B. E. '28, has been purchased by Row, Peterson and Co., of Evanston, Ill., and will be included in their third yearbook Of short plays. The play was produced by the Tower Theatre Players in May of this year. While in school Mr. Hershenow was winner of the George Ade cup for playwriting ih the allUniversity contest.
80 Writers To Meet Here Over 80 news correspondents of the Journal and Courier, Lafayette daily newspaper, will meet on October 6 in the Memorial Union Building for their 36th annual session, the first of which was held in 1901. Miss Helen O. Mahin, of Battle Ground, for several years a professor of journalism at the University of Kansas and well known feature writer and author, will open the morning session at 10 o’clock with a talk on “Putting Life Into Your News Reporting” A school of instruction in journalism will continue the morning meeting. A social session will follow the school program and the writers will be given a chance to visit the Union Building. Dinner will be served at 12 o’clock in the ballroom The University Men’s Glee club, under the direction of A P Stewart, will offer several songs, and instrumental numbers by J. L. McLean will complete the dinnei program. After the dinner session and musical program, the business session of the correspondents’ association will begin. The business completed, the publisher, Henry W. Marshall, Jr, will entertain the group with a theatre party at the Mars.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, niarht latches and padlocks Auto keys and handle locks a specialty, F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Enroll in Our New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS WED. SEPT. 30, 7:00 P. M. Waltz and Fox-Trot Taught
Phone 21S0
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
LOOSE cHANce
Iron out . ^ your laundry
worries
s $
yS' SrrtFTLY — safely - £C0
Lot that dependable college pal, Railway Expresa, pick np and ship your laundry home and hack for yon every weel^ You will find it gloasy going oaay, faat, inexpanaive. Merely notify the folka you will aend the package by Railway Bxpreaa, and aak them to return it the aame way. Yon can aend it collect too, you know, and while on that aubject, we can add, only by Railway Expreaa. The folka will underatand. It ■avea keeping accounta, paying billa, to aay nothing of apare change. Ton’ll find the idea economical all ronnd. The minimum rate ia low -> only 38 centa — aometimea leaa. Pick-up and delivery by motor vehicle and inanrance included in the ahippihg charge. It’a the ■ame with ahipping baggage or anjrthlng else by Railway Expreaa. So arrange your ahipping datea by phone call to the Railway Expreaa agent, and atart now. 9 So. Second St. ’Phone 202S Lafayette, Ind.
Railway Express AOBNOY, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
THE PCKDUE EXPONENT
Kn
VocaUsts Will Begin Convos Fisk Jubilee Singers To Come Here October 6 Seven colored spiritual singers, the Pisk Jubilee Singers, will provide the entertainment at the first University concert convocation on October 6. These seven negro harmonizers are under the direction of Mrs. James A. Myers. The Jubilee Singers are from Fisk University, Nashville, Tennessee, and are managed by that university. Their program includes many spiritual songs of the southern negroes besides several classical selections. They are essentially harmonizers and specialize in rhythm, diction and pitch. Their reputation as the foremost purveyors of negro spirituals has been upheld throughout many colleges and universities in the south.
WBAA TODAY 11 00—Just Kids—Children of the Morton School. Lafayette 11:80—High School Guest Program— Otterbein High School 12 00—Markets, J R. Hays 12 16—Luncheon Dance Music 12 80—News Commentator, Prof Frank Hall. 12 46—Music 1 00—The Radio Stage, “Serenade” 1 30—Broadcast of Ohio UniversityPurdue Football Game
MONDAY 11 00—American Institutions Professor Phillips, lecture from Stanley Coulter Hall 11 60—Purdue News Flashes, T R. Johnston 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 16—Luncheon Dance Music 12 80—Melody Time 12 46—^Markets, J R Hays. 1 00—Public Safety, Ray DePalma 1 16—^Home Helps and Happenings 1 30—Geography in the News, Miss Gettings 1 46—Matinee Musicale 2 00—Current Events.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Seven Announcers Survive Tryouts Seven of thirty-five applicants have been selected for final judging in the competition for WBAA sports announcers to announce football games this season. Final selection of four men to cover today’s game will be made this morning. Each of the four successful men will announce one quarter of the game. C. E. Dammon, director of WBAA, who was in charge of the auditions, would not disclose the names of these seven men last night, nor would he name the judges. The person chosen as being the best all around sports announcer will be allowed to cover the homecoming game also.
New Home Ec Teachers Miss Justine Hastie has assumed her duties as assistant in the laboratories of the design and clothing schools of the University. Miss Hastie is a graduate of Cornell University in the class of 1936. Miss Ardath Anrau, who is a 1934 graduate of Ohio State College, is the new graduate assistant in the school of institutional management. In addition to helping in the laboratories here, she is working on her master’s degree in institutional management.
Heavilon Hall Tower Clock Strikes 38 Times It’s time to have the clock fixed! Last night the bells of Heavilon Hall tolled 38 times to ring out the hour of midnight. The first twelve strokes were carefully timed; the following 25 were irregular. Two dark figures were seen to leave the building shortly after the last note. Both facts seem to indicate that the extra notes were the product of student ambition and not the clock’s fault, when it is known that rumors circulated the campus for the past week that the clock would ring 38 times in honor of the class of ’38 before the first game. /
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
For You and Your Friends
Complete Hotel Service
Hotel Fowler
FIREPROOF
4th and Ferry
bafayette
Btmilfinir,. Water fikiitenera and! AatonwHe Gm Heelini 55 Years la tfce Hnihiwsa DUNCAN-LARSON, INC Phone 4450 1022 East Mahi
John Sperb
KsrIwmmii,
829404 Meia Sttaei LAI’AYETE.INIHANA
SUOBSCRIBE TO THE KSPONHNT
OUR PRICES ARE LOW AND OUR QUALITY IS HIGH^ BECAUSE OUR METHODS ARE THE NEWEST AND THE BEST.
Modern Shoe Repair
Let Us Satisfy L Football Appetite
King Football is here in all his glory. After the game try Wheelers for real "Football Food.” Whether it’s the choicest of steaks or the daintiest of salads, you’ll find it here.
vx/ucclFR<: T T I I mmm Inr mmm ■■■r I ^
420 Main Street:\r'- :’VW \ <• ''" r’ 'f'''
THE PtlRDHE EXPONENT
ttf;*'.’'- ■'
h f2^i^i 3
i.M‘f 4-^.4*
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA (HINES, bought, sold, i«nted and re|»aired. Supplies for all macdiines C. E. Ebecshoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost—Soft leather pipe and tobacco pouch in or between the M. E. Biiilding and Michael Golden Shops Thursday morning. Leave at address on pouch.
For Sale—Combination book case «nd desk, $6. Ladies’ desk, $3.00. Desk chairs, ea. $2.00i-Variety of merchandise. Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 6Gl.
A private lesson vdll be given free of charge Wednesday, Sept. 30, 7:00 P. M. to those wishing to enroll in our new Beginner’s Ballroom dancing class.
Lost—suitcase with initials A, J. P. between Maple St. and Northwestern Ave., on Fowler St. Please return to Pop Ham at Delta Upsilon house.
Speech Clinic—Will the following persona report to room 308, University Hall, as soon as possible: C. W. Batey, William Chomyak, Jirfin Downey, F. B. Finnegan, B. E. Gallup, Helen Koons, M. G. Marquis, V. J. McLean, H E. Mennen, J. A. Patterson, J. W. Petry, l^urice D. Prage, Robert Shaw, Ray A. Toriello, Mary Townsend, R E Vanderbilt —STEER.
Notice—Paychecks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with the phl^ical exams during registration. —MUXEB.
Activities and Chibs—All organizations wishing activity rooms permanently or for ^^egular meetings should petition for them bdfore Sept 29. Those wishing rooms for meetings should siiecify the days they desire these rooms. —SHOEMAKER.
Psychology—^The regular three hour course entitled “Psychology of Public Opinion”, Education 170, administered by Dr. H. H. Remmers, Dr. C. L Morgan and Messers. T. K. Noss and L. W. Josselyn scheduled to meet T. Th. S. at 11:00 will meet on Tuesday evenings in room fj. ElducaHon Building, beginning Tuesday, Sept. 29, 7 o’clock. T^ere is room for additional memgers and persons possessing the qualifications listed in the University catalogue may enroll for the course. All persons interested in the course as regular credit-receiving members or as listeners should he present next Tuesday. —BALL.
Freshman Mentors—^Please notify freshmen of meeting to explain campub activities Sept 28 at 4 in Fowler Hall. —SCUDDER.
Playshop Stage Crew— work today. Repoit to sub-basement Sept. 28 at 4 p. m. —KETCHAM.
Health Service—Following students are requested to report to the student health laboratory, room 101, Stanley Coulter Hall, Sept 28 or 29, between 8 a. m. and 4 p. m. G E Alexander, Piner S All, E C. Ambrosen, H L Anderson, E. L Armstrong, F H Auble, J. R. Bachman, M. J. Babcock, B A Babcock, P. D. Backlin, A E. Bach-
man, B. L. Bndgley, J. R. Bakw, A. G. Bale, R. W. BMiner, W. U, Bames. H. M. Baugh. 3, A. Beemer, Henry Baken, J. W. Benjamin, James W. Bmt, B. C. Bishop, R. T. Blackmore, R. M. Bladk, H. J. Blind, L. P. Bonacci, C. H. Bonnet, W. B. Boothby, C. E. Bowman, L. P. Bown, G. G. Boyce, J. H. Bowling, W. E. Bradley, W. M. Brandt, E. A. Brazanski, R. F. Breen, P. S. Bremer, H. W. Bremer, Chester Brown, H. B. Bruns. Kenneth Brown, Robert Brown, D. S. Buck, R. E. Buenting, R. W. Burks, M. L. Butcher, M. V. Campbell, S. W. Campbell, A. B. Carlson, F. W. Carr, J. A. Caulfield, O. H. Cavan, W. R. Chapin, C. A. Childers, H. Christeansen, P. Christman, E. L. Clarkson, 3. M. Clem, R. M. Cleveland, R. A. Cook, R. R. Cooper, P. T. Cooper, O. B. Cope, L. I. Copped, J. K. Corington, J. A. Courtright, Richard Cox, J. C. Curnick, W. J. Curry, A. W. Curtis, W. T. Cushing, J. A. Dalton, J. P. Danielson, P. E Dawson, J. E. Daugherty, W. P. Davis, Mark Deal, E. G. Dearie, H. I. Deer, W. J. Dennhardt, H. C. Decker, T. J. Deeren, V. E. Dietrich, E. R. Diggins, G. W. Dietz, P. B. Downey, Jean P. Downing, J. R. Drever, P. A. Driscoll, N. E. Drybread, W. E. Dunshee, J. A. Dupps, H. M. Dykhuizen, Paul Emerson, W. R. Elias, J. A. L. C. Farqnhar, S. T. Farwell, C. M. Fauber, T. B, Ferguson, R A. Fink, Benson B. Fisher, S. T. oote, C. W. Torburger, son B. Fisher, S, T. Foote, C. W. Forburger, L. H. Ford, D. R. Foster, G. G. Poster, W. H. Fuller, B. E. Franks, R. W. Freeland, P. D. Freeman, Louis E. Preyman, T. P. Fuller, L W. Gable, G. W. Gale, A. H. Card, K. T. Garty, C. F. Carver, F. W. Gasaway, J. A. Gann, H. E. Gaslin, R. C. George, K. P. Ginn, G. T. Goff, A H. Gold, W. H. Gowan, L. K. Grave, L. F. Greenteirg, R. E. Hacker, E. H. Hafft, C. N. Hall, J. T. Hall. M. C. Holloway, R. W. Hallett, J. H. Sankinson, E. R Hardin, A. C. Harra, H. Harrington, E. E. Hartman, D. S. Hartman, D. E. Hartley, H. S. Hawes, A. E. Hayes, T. P. Heckman, R. W. Heid, B. S. Hegg, L. Heim, R. H. Hillman, R. Herbert, Ralph J. Haritage, R. H. Herrold, E. C. Herschelman, R. W Hicks, L. C. Hill, W. M. Hilt,“V. T. Hitchcock, W. Hodges, K. C. Houston, R M. Hughes, T. J. Hutchison, MaaSi Tve, L. Johnson, C. K Jackson, P G, Jackson, W. F. Jenkins, R. F. John, R. E. Joihnson, M. G. Johnson, C. R Jones, V. J. Kachinske, E. L. Kaniok, H. W. Kashner, R. N. Keen, J. E. Kerwin, M. H. Kennedy, G. Kester, D. B. Kiltner, K. Kimmel, W. D. Kise, R, E. Klauss, A. J. Kochlas, B. J. Koehler, R. A. Kruger, R. L. Kuhns, William Kunkle, T. M. Laurenson, R. F. Leeg, R. M. Lausnke, J. E. Lentz, David Lewis, G. R. Leyhold, F. J. Liano, J. A. Lindeman, V. A Livingston, Carl Lohr, B. T. Loveridge —MILLER.
Settlement House Committee—All girls interested in going to the Settlement House meet in Y. W. C. A. office Sept. 28 at 4 p m promptly. —BROWN.
Mentors—Bring freshman questionnaire to the freshman-mentor meetings Sept 26. —PYKE.
Senior Mechanicals—Seniors with cords meet on Stuart Field at 1:30 this afternoon. —PI TAU SIGMA
Reamer Club—Reception in rooms 1 and 2 of Union Sept 28 at 7 p. m. All members are required to be present —BUXTON.
Flying Club—‘Meeting Sept. 29 at 7:30 p. m. in Union —SMITH
Freshmen—There are still openings on the national advertising staff of the Exponent Report at the office at 4 p m Sept 28 —BROWN.
Bowling—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E. W. 5k, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym —ELLIS
Faculty Women’s Hockey—Any women graduate students or faculty will play hockey at 11 a m. Saturday mornings starting today Meet at Women’s Gym —ELLIS
P. I. A. Board—^There will be a P. I. A board meeting Sept 28 at 7:30 in P I. A office —WEIN.
iSnitiriday. SepteniJbef 26,1986
€i
tmeff
By Olive Schatzley
T. Z. Koo, general Y. M. C. A. secretary from China, will address students Tuesday night at 8:16 o’clock in Fowler Hall. He is a national preaching missionary and is spending next week in Indiana.
West Lafayette Baptist Church: Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, pastor for students: Roger Williams club class at 9:30 a. m. for students. Professor L. Hadley, of the mnthematics department, will teach the student class. Joseph Baird Gleason, minister, will speak at 10:35 a. m on “Taking Jesus Christ Seriously in Christian Education.” The choir will be directed by Mrs. Ivah Gruver Price. At 6:30 a social hour will be held with lunch served at 6:10 p. m, Roger William discussion group follows. Barney Strickland, a graduate student, will be the speaker and his subject -will be “Campus Activities and Religion.” Paul Yoke, M. E. ’37, is the president of the cabinet which guides the club program. “Youth Night” will be observed at 7:30 in the evening with five young people speaking at the evening serv-
Christian: Rev. J. Newton Jessup, minister. Dean M. L. Fisher will teach the student group at 9:30. At 10:30 the minister will deliver a special sermon, “Windows Open Toward Jerusalem.” Supper for students will be served at 5:30 with a social hi)ur. Discussion group will meet at 6:30,
Episcopal: Rev. Reese Thornton, minister. Morning services at 9:30 and 10:30 for students. Young people will meet at 6 p.'m. social hour. Supper will be served at 5:30 with the program for students beginning at 7 o’clock.
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council — There will be a meeting at 7 p. m Sept. 26 in the W S G A. office. Attendance is compulsory —SCHAAF
Playshop Stage Crew—^Report to sub-base-ment Sept 28 at 4 p. m —KETCHAM
ALWAYS WELCOME
AT
Giver^s 0 K Barber Shop
First Class Workmanship "Senrice Is OUr Motto" Op^posite Craves Bakei^r
Football Fans
Try
HUTTON’S CAFE
410 Ferry
Presbyterian: Rev. W. R. Graham, D. D,, minister. Mr. Albert P. Stewart, director of the choir. School of religion for Purdue students in the student rooms of the church at 9:30. W. F. Lugenbill, E, E. ’37, superintendent, Dr. G. P. Graves, of the mathematics department, will direct a group of upperclassmen and women in a discussion of the application of Christianity to the solution of present day problems. J. W. Findley, pastor for students, will lead the freshmen in a study of “What Is Christianity?” Morning worship at 10:45. The pastor will preach. There will be music by the chorus choir, under the direction of Mr. Stewart. The Sunday Evening club meets in the Recreation Building of the church at 6:16. This is a student organization of which R. K. Weldy, M. E. ’37, is president. Supper is served at 15 cents per plate, after which a program will be presented. C, L. Sadler, M. E. ’38, is president of the cabinet of the Westminster Foundation which directs the student program.
Wesley Foundation (Methodist): Dr. C, L. Porter will teach the men’s class tomorrow morning at 9:30 on “Biology and Religion,” the first of a series of four lessons on science and religion. The co-ed class, taught by Mrs. McFadden, will meet at the Foundation. The Epworth League choir will have a party at Happy Hollow tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock. Dean Fisher is to speak at the Epworth League at 6:30 on “Fraternities: To Join Or Not To Join.”
says:
The Important .SUITS for a
UNIVERSITY LIFE
There will be a million different kinds of suits on the Great American College scene—
But in the Inner circles of University Life—among men who have an Advanced Taste and a Worldly Viewpoint—the preference will center on—
a—Rough fabric suits—Shetlands and Cheviots—3-button-center vents or side vents—Herringbone and Overplaided.
b—Smooth fabric suits—double breasters—the "Lounge" with "Soft" construction, emphasized shoulders—tapered legs and sleeves.
A man should really buy a good lounge suit or let it alone—It takes real tailoring to get soft casual lines—^the right "break" at the shoulders, the right accent through the chest.
Strauss presents a specialty showing of
suMs—-(a and b) at
*35
Reverse Leather OXFORDS $4.95 Dobbs Cross Country HATS $5.00 Wearington HATS $3.50 A special selection of SHIRTS, including “oxfords" button down collar $1.65 Men's SOCKS, including Argyle effects 35c
Of course Strauss presents Suits at YOUR price . . .
from
$19.75
and up, to as high as you care to go-~and VALUE at every price
L. STRAUSS & CO,
INDIANAPOLIS
(The Man's Store)
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
To Purdue Student Body
For your convenience we offer the following "OWL CAR SERVICE’ per schedule listed below for FIVE (5c) CENTS:
Cars Leave lOtl}, & Main Sts. 11:12 P.M. 11:36 P. M. 12:00 Midnight 12:24 A, M. 12:48 A. M. 1:12 A. M.
Cars Leave 7th & Stadium Ave.
11:24P. M. 11:48P. M. 12:12 A. M. 12:36 A. M. 1:00 A. M. 1:24 A. M.
4“ ’’ '