Purdue
X.1HI
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 158
Saturday, April 20,1940
Late News Bulletins
• Germans Fly Supplies To Narvik Luleaa, Sweden, April 19—All day yesterday and tbday German transpoit and bombing planes flew northward to Rombak Heights. The five and six-ton German planes were bringing in the food, mountain artillery, and ammunition necessary for the isolated German forces in Narvik. These war materials are needed in the German’s fight against the British and Norwegian troops located in the Narvik region. • Fierce Battle At Elyerum Stockholm, Sweden, April 19—A fierce battle near Elverum was reported today along with a rumor that British officers have joined the Norwegian forces at Elverum. Military experts believe that the fate of the central Norwegian campaign may rest in this battle. According to the official German news agency, Nazi troops are advancing up the Glommen river and are expected to take Elverum before nightfall. German authorities claim that Hamar has already fallen into Ger-
man hands.
• British Halt German Advance Luleaa, Sweden, April 19—German troops in northern Norway were reported today to be moving north along Tromsoe road to the vicinity of Grantangen. British advance forces from Tromsoe are believed to have met a German detachment which was seeking to effect a pincers movement against Tromsoe. The British forces succeeded in halting the German advance, it was reported. • Fight For Vital Port Stockholm, Sweden, April 19—Early advices received here said that British troops have been in action against the Germans in the Narvik region and north of the seaport, Trondheim. Trondheim is a vital seaport, and is the terminus of important railroad lines to south and central Norway. It must be controlled in any advance by the British and Norwegians into the Oslo region where German forces are now in control. • British Want Action London, England, Apiil 19—Fears that the Germans may be winning the war by throwing more troops into Norway than the Allies, today sharpened demands for quick, effective Allied military action in Scandanavia. It is asserted that German forces in Norway out-number the Allied-Norwegian troops by a great margin and that Germany is maintaining her important numerical superioiity by landing more troops each day than the Allies. Military officials estimate German forces in Norway to be nearly 60,000, and also report that reinforcements brought in by air alone number 2,000 a day. The British Expeditionary Force is not equal in size to the German
contingents.
• Sixteen Accused Of Sabotage New York, N. Y., April 19—Sixteen men today were accused by a Federal agent of plotting to overthrow the government. The agent testified that he had heard the defendants discussing plans for sabotage in the event this country ’entered the European war. 950 Couples Swing With Hall s Band At Junior Prom With reflected stars looking down on 950 couples, proragoers danced from 10 yesterday evening ’til four o’clock this morning to the sweet rhythms of George Hall and his orchestra. In front of a backdrop of blue, studded with glittering stars and a revolving globe, Dolly Dawn, featured vocalist with the orches-
tra, sang.
Just as Saturday broke. Prom Queen Ruth Bennett and Prom Chairman Virginia Royce led the Grand March through the ballroom. Shortly afterwards the Prom edition of the Exponent was distrib-
uted.
Throughout the Union lounges fiaternity booths were filled with weary dancers. The Union was theirs for the evening. The Grill and Sweet Shop were filled continually. \ This was the first Junior Prom held in both ballrooms. At one o’clock this morning WBAA carried George Hall to early morning listeners.
w7stl!^cZ*cL Boilermakers Tangle With Crimson
Band, Melody Maids Nine At Bloomington This Afternoon
The blue and silver decorations were the product of Union sopho-
mores.
WBAA’s regular Saturday after' noon broadcast of Campus Varieties will originate in the cafeteria of the Union today at 3 o’clock. The Cary Club band, directed by Roscoe Hass, and the Melody Maids lead by Jean Skinner will be the featured performers on the program. Since the broadcast of last week, program officials have received many requests to have the six girls who comprise the Melody Maids appear again on the show. They are scheduled to sing Jean Skinner’s arrangements of “The Touch of Your Hand” and “On the Isle of May.” Roscoe Hass’ Cary Club band is appearing on the program for the first time. It was just organized this school year and is composed entirely of residents of Cary Hall. Others to appear on the hour long program are Charlie Powell, Jim McKillip, Benny Burns, Darlene Mahns, and Alberta Schmadel. The new composition by Clint Brown, “In San Moray,” will be a repeat performance from last week’s show. It will be sung by Darlene Mahns, vocalist with Irvan Maury’s orches-
tra.
As usual, the program will be open to the public and is being held in the cafeteria, since the post-prom tea dance will occupy both ball-
Campus Peace Coyncil Hears Rabbi Simon; Petitions Congress Campus peace council held its first meeting yesterday in the reception room of the Union at 11 a.m. which was the time set aside by 500 colleges and universities for consideration of national peace. The meetings were sponsored by the United Student Peace Committee through the National Student Union. Rabbi Simon, in speaking to about 50 students at the meeting, said^ that peace will have to dominate if civilization is to survive. Bill Harris discussed the things stqdents can do to promote peace. “We should try to make our ideas known to our congressmen if we are opposed to war, or else the United States will become involved,” he said. After the meeting post cards were given to the students, who wrote messages to different congressmen. The aim of the United Student Peace Committee is to popularize peace on a nationwide basis among college students. Dr. Higgenbottom ... of Allahabad, India, a pioneer worker in the field of agricultural education in India, will discuss “Economic and Social Problems of the Indian Farmer” in a seminar meeting of the farm management department, Tuesday afternoon, 3:30 p.m., in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. Anyone -interested is invited to attend the meeting.
Ticket Distribution Begins Monday For Music Hall Opening Tickets for the first program of Gala Week, the studpnt dedication sfiU .Siiu:^uoppui -suinaij o:;uiSai of the new Music Hall on Friday night, May 3, will be distributed starting Monday at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. The tickets will be distributed in the following manner: senior seats on Monday; junior seats, Tuesday; sophomore seats, Wednesday; and freshman
It was announced late last night that Lawrence Tibbett will not be able to appear at the Music Hall dedication because if ill health. seats on Thursday. Students must present their passports on the proper dates in order to obtain reserved seats for the dedication program, which will feature Lawrence Tib-
bett and Helen Jepson.
The dual dedication programs, the first on Friday, student night, and the second Saturday, for the alumni and general public, will be among the features of the annual .gala week festivities. Students who are taking part in the “Open House” program on Friday night will be able to obtain tickets for the performance on Saturday night. Thirty-Four Bridge Teams To Compete
Hoping to garner their seventh victory in nine attempts, the Boilermaker diamondmen will journey to Bloomington this afternoon to tangle with the crimson-clad Indiana baseball forces. The Riveters will be out to make up for the conference loss suffered at the hands of Iowa, while the Hoosiers on the other hand are counting on starting their conference proceedings today with a win over the coach Fehring’s invaders.
It seems that the Indiana weather man has a special grudge against the Boilermakers, yesterday he got busy again and forced a cancellation of the first encounter of the two game series with the Hoosiers. It was the fourth time in the last five attempts that the local lads have been obliged to forget about the idea of indulging in a little diamond warfare against outside competition because of the inclement
weather.
Vance Will Play For Republican Dance Prom or no prom there will be
the usual Saturday night mixer tonight. The Purdue Republican club is sponsoring the dance, which will continue from 9 to 12, with Bemie Vance and his band playing. Republican candidates for governor will be introduced to the dancers, and there will also be a reception for them in the faculty lounge of the
Union during intermission.
National Group Will Honor
Senior Co-eds Monday Senior co-eds will be honored by
the American Association of University Women at a meeting Monday afternoon at 3 o’clock in Duncan Hall. Dr. Elizabeth Mackay of the biology department will give the address and Georgann Schilling, senior co-ed editor of the Exponent, will answer it. Short talks will be given by Mrs. Maude L'eiter, president of the association, Mrs. Lillian Peterson, and Miss Mary L. Mathews, Dean of the home economics
school.
Wet Grounds Yesterday’s trouble was brought about by a combination of wet grounds and cold weathey. The Hoosier diamond was in no fit condition to be romped on and with the temperature hovering in the low forties, the idea of playing baseball w'as abandoned for the day. The game today will probably be played, although no definite word will be received from Bloomington until sometime this morning. There is a slight chance that yesterday’s postponement would result in a twin bill today, but that also depends on the weather. Bailey To Start Bob Bailey, who was slated for the pitching duties in yesterday’s battle, will take the mound in this afternoon’s contest. In event of a double header, either Don Blanken (Continued on page 2)
In Semi-Final Play WilHamson, Amt Take Leads In
Final Showing Of 'Sweethearts'
Thirty-four teams of four players each advanced to the semi-final round in the All Campus Bridge tournament as a result of the play in the second qualifying round which was held in the north ballroom of the Union building last Tuesday night. Eleven teams with the lowest scores of the original 45 foursomes that competed were elim-
inated.
Top teams in the four sections were Pi Kappa Phi, Cary West, the Four Hackers and What’s Trump. Prizes awarded to these teams were cartons of cigarettes. The following 34 teams are qualified to play in the semi-final round next week: Pi Kappa Phi, Slick Aces, Phi Kappa Sigma 2, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Kappa 1, Black Buzzards, Phi Kappa 2, Alpha Chi Rho, Poker Player’s Local, Sigma Pi, Local 101, Alpha Chi Omega, Cary West and the Rover Boys. The Sharks, Kavin Klub, Cary Hall Northwest, Delta Upsilon, Pi Kappa Alpha 1, Pour Bullets, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Kappa Psi, Ace-in-Hole Club, Pour Plushers, Phi Delta Theta 1, Phi Delta Theta 2, Phi Kappa Sigma 1, Four Hackers, Hosiery, Inc., What’s Trumps, Four X Deucers, Phi Gamma Delta, Kappa Delta Rho and Beta Sigma Psi.
Playing before a full house, composed largely of ineligible Prom goers, Varsity Show completed its second successful staging of Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts” last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. The cast composed of 17 principal actors and actresses and 82 members of the dancing and singing choruses and the orchestra will give the third and final performance tonight starting at 8.
The first act, set in the laundry of the White Geese, opened on the colorful village of Bruges and from there developed the plot: the prince of Zilania seeking his ideal princess whom he finds in his leading lady Sylvia, played by Marjorie Williamson, and who is later revealed as the long lost princess. Dame Paula, played by Mary Johnston, trying to make a living by running the laundry, minus the ministrations of her soldier husband, who has left her long ago, and with the support of her six daughters and the adopted Sylvia. ‘The Triangle’ Amid dramatic setting, the plot thickens when Sylvia finds her lover, Lieutenant Karl played by Marvin Smith in love with a millinier, Liane, played by Janeth Dixon. Consequently her engagement is an-
College Newspapers Laugh At Census ^Bugaboo’
Prof. Sdiantz-Hansen . .. head of the applied design department, will speak on “Contribution of the Allied Arts to Society” at the meeting of the Western Arts ^bbociation to be held in Cincm..uu, u., April 17-2U. Miss Margaret ^tuver ana Miss Louise Laira will ^.oo attend the convention.
(By Associated ColleKiate Press) The national census, those who guide the student publications believe, is not taking undue liberties by prying into private lives. Students in the nation’s colleges and universities are being advised to co-operate fully in the decennial nose-count. And they’re being reminded that statistics available only through the census are vitally needed in solution of the nation’s
ills.
The Census bureau, it is pointed out by the KlSnville, W. Va., Teachers College Mercury, “needs in two ways the help of students in the gigantic task of assembling facts about 132 million Americans: first.
merator, and second, by supplying their parents with certain information they will need in oi’der to report on them accurately. “Dividends From Census” The University of Kansas Daily Kansan, while conceding that “the list of questions Uncle Sam has prepared for his Q-Men to ask are personal and intimate as well as multitudinous,” adds that “co-operation with the 1940 census takers in every way, by eveiy person in the country, will pay dividends in a number
of ways.”
Pointing out tkat revealing of financial secrets in income tax returns has stirred no storm of disapproval. The Daily Iowan at the University of Iowa observes that a more uni-
by making sure that their parents
will report them to the census enu-versal survey occurring only oncepublic welfare, it must have fuller
every ten years should not meet with any resentment. More important than the mere accumulation of figures is the necessity for full data for use in a long-needed attack on
the unemployment problem. “Needs Fuller Statistics”
“Two things,” believes the University of Minnesota Daily, “should keep the census above political taint. In the first place, the questions for the new census are not the product of a few bureaucrats, but have been prepared over a fairly long period with the aid of suggestions from private citizens and organizations. In the second place, if the govei’nment is to continue in the new social and economic era of
statistics to perform its task well.” And at the same time The' Mich“Thumbs Down” igan Daily, rapping the congressman responsible for the census stoim, 'bitingly observed that “It was also Senator Tobey who proposed to send a congressional committee to Fort Knox, Ky., to see if the vast amount of government gold supposed to be cached in that stronghold is actually thete.” Such tactics, the Daily concluded, “are the straw-grabbing tricks by which mediocre legislators hope to continue in office.” Whatever thunderous political cries there may be “agin” the tenyear check-up, there can be little doubt that America’s collegians are distinctly “fur* the tabulation.
nounced to Prince Franz, who falls madly in love with her at first sight, but whom she intends to marry for his position. In the second act a plot to buy the wealth of Zilania is revealed by three wealthy men, the notable Percival Slingsby, played by - Benton Burns, Peturs Van Tromp portrayed by Robert Stanley, and Frank Franz in his portrayal of Aristide Caniche. Even wealth takes a back seat when, in the climax, the real princess of Zilania is i-evealed by Mickel, comic figure, and apparent good will minister to his country, * played by Chuck Hai-t. Burns Stars Noticeable throughout the show were the comedy roles played by Benny Burns, and the trio of wealthy men. In their little mad-cap way, whether it was to rip off a trio in sharps or fiats, to sing a serious love tune, these three comprised a comedy team which brought down the house. “What a head,” sung by the last of the Slingsbys, revealed Benny Bum’s, seasoned campus actor, cleverness as a song and dance man. Marjorie Williamson, in her portrayal of Sylvia, the unknown princess, and the leading feminine role, proved a “find” with her ability as an all around actress, by being coy one minute and haughty the next. Similarly, Henry Amt, in the part of Prince Franz ordered admiration from the six little Gooslings as well as from his audience. Johnson Good Insistent was Dame Paula sung by Mary Johnston of seeing her adopted daughter to a happy Me, but in her changing moods, climaxed by her impersonation of a grande old dame used to finery and court precision, at the end of the last act, she was magnificently fanny.PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, April 20, 1940
Januyuiow Qjv JhiL ChuhchsA.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9 30 a m —College class, Di Graves speaking Topic “Suffeimg and Evil ” 10 40 a in—Worship and pieach mg service Dr Giahain preaching 6 00 p in—Westminster club «upper and social hour, Westminister House, 129 Sheetz stieet 7 00 p m—Joint meeting of religious groups in the west faculty lounge, Di Elliott speaking
Methodist Students Sam —Spi ing co ed breakfast at the Foundation Speaker, Miss Hisoka Fujiwara of Japan 9 30 a m —Men’s student class at the church Woiship service on peace led by Rev McFadden Prof J T Gunn L D Millei and Eugene Whinery Class taught by Dr C H Rob ertson on “Education in Fiee China ” 10 40 a m—Morning Woiship service with seimon by Dr 0 S Steele 5 00 p m —Fellowship supper (15 cents) Special music by German band 7 00 p m—Epworth League joins with the Union service in the faculty lounge
Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church 9 30 a m—Student class Prof Frank Hall of the history department will teach 10 40 a m—Chuich seivice Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject “What about Peace’” continuing the popular series on experiments in living 5 45 p m—Light lunch served free of charge at 126 Chauncey
Ave
6 00 p in—Forum foi students Three student leaders will discuss “Contemporary Threats To Democracy in the U S,” at 126 Chauncey Ave 7 00 p m—Joint meeting with the other chuich groups Piesident Elliott will speak on “International Student Friendship”, Faculty lounge. Union Union Sponsors Piano Recital In Music Room Arthui Jacklin, seventeen year old son of Professoi H M Jacklin of the mechanical engineering school will present a piano recital tomorrow at 4 pm in the Union music room The program is sponsored by the Student Union His program will be composed of the following selections Bach Fiench Suite, No 6 Schubert Sonata, Op 42 Musorgski Pictures at Exhibition This piogiam was enthusiastical ly received last week at DePauw Union officials cordially invite every one to attend this recital Tressler, Cornell, To Speak To AAChS On 'Frozen Foods' “T)ie Chemical Problems of the Frozen Food Industry” will be dis cussed by Dr D K Tressler, professor of agricultural chemistry at Cornell University, in an open meeting of the university chapter of the American Chemical Society in the lecture room of the Stanley Coulter Hall on Friday, Api il 26, at 7 30' p m Preceding the address, a dinner in honor of Di and Mrs Tress ler will be given in the Union The annual business meeting of the Ameiican Chemical Society will be held aftei Di Tressler’s speech
Military Dept. Plans Show For Open House Plans have been completed for a novelty military show, which will be one of the highlights of the annual University “Open House” on Friday, May 3 This show will be staged in the armory beginning at 7 o’clock in the evening Throughput the evening, there will be displays of artillery material, demonstrations of heavy and medium field artillery, using complete batteries of 76 mm and 155 mm guns firing simullated problems, and a demonstrattion of a miniature battery of four guns filing on a range of 200 feet, which IS used to teach conduct of fire at low cost The Zouave squad will climax the show at ten o’clock, when they will present a novelty drill, “The Artilleryman’s Nightmare ” The drill will depict the amusing dream of a lowly private who has been transferred to become a sergeant in the lowly infantry Religious Groups To Hear Dr. Elliott President E C Elliott will speak at a united service of religious gi oups tomorrow evening at 7 p m in the faculty lounge of the Union His subject will be “International Student Friendship” The program will open with short talks on student conditions in other lands by P T Chin, president of the Chinese club, and by Miss Hisako Fujiwara
of Japan
A worship service, prepared by the National Commission on University Work at Washington, D C , will be led by Rev Robert Thomas of the Westminster Foundation Scripture lessons will be read by William Harris and Henry Mangus, presidents of the Wesley and Christian Foundations respectively State Offers Seniors
Seniors of the 1940 graduating class are eligible to apply for positions of Student Peisonnel Examiner offered by the Indiana State Bureau of Personnel Applications must be on official blanks which may be obtained by writing to the office in Indianapolis and they must be filed by Monday afternoon, April 22 at 5 o’clock Examinations will be given applicants at a later date which is un decided The candidates, two of which will be selected, will be appointed for a year beginning July 1 Employment after this time can not be guaranteed, but every effort will be made to secure employment for the apprentices elsewhere April 'Engineer' Is Now Available April issues of the Engineer can be obtained today at the Union desk This new issue, the biggest of the year, contains twelve full length articles, ten of which, including “Gears by Ross” and “Locomotive Nursery,” deal with industrialized Lafayette The column “Campus Highlights” also contains a detailed account of the talk on “Super finish,” which was i ecently given before the local American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers
r
BOILElfMAKERS TANGLE (Continued from page 1) or Gerald Higgins will do the twirling in the nightcap Illness has caused coach Dutch Fehiing to lose the services of Bud Fisher, veteran catcher, who is now interned in the hospital Ernest Young, or possibly Eli Yeager, will take over the backstopping duties against the Hoosiers Smithson Out It IS also doubtful as to whether or not Frank Smithson, junior first sacker, will be able to get into today’s game Frank showed up at practice Thursday with an infected eye and it is still bothering him slightly Jim Ridgway will probably take charge of the initial sack with Wes Waterhouse also ready for
duty
Aside from the above-mentioned cripples, the same line up that has managed to grab six victories in eight games will take the field today Blanken, Wargo, and Vernon will continue to roam the outer garden, with Mackiewicz at third, Hearne at short, and McFerren at second rounding out the Boiler maker line up Glee Club Will Sing From Coast To Coast Featured on a coast to coast broadcast will be the University Men’s Glee Club under the direction of Albert P Stewart, director of music The nation wide broadcast will be heard over the Mutual Broadcasting System on Monday night, April 22, from 10 30 p m to 11 p m It will originate from station WIRE in Indianapolis The program will be in honor of “Paul Dresser Day ” The Glee Club will feature Dresser’s own compositions, including “On the Banks of the Wabash” and “My Gal Sal” Governor M Clifford Townsend, who recently proclaimed Monday as “Paul Dresser Day” in the Hoos lei state, will make a short address in connection with the program Distribution Students Plan Trip To Board Of Trade Students who are taking courses in distribution will make a field tup to the Chicago Board of Trade on Tuesday, April 23 Robert S Stainton of the general engineer mg department announced that those who plan to go should make advance arrangements with the department A chartered bus will leave from the Union, Tuesday morning at 6 o’clock to make the tup There will be a luncheon at noon at the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company and a tour of the warehouse and distiibu tion facilities of the plant in the afternoon
DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Mon. April 22, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Wed. April 24, 7:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL PHONE 2150 AlX£PrS*lk ruU rmtf
, tvo^
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES ZANA GREY'S "LIGHT OF THE WESTERN STARS" — ALSO — 'VILLAGE BARN DANCE'
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewntera All makes, standard and portable, sold purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebersheff, 606 Mam street.
FOR Rent Russ—Rent A Car Service Cars for all occasions Min $2 60 all night Phone 71644
Anyone interested in living at the West minster Co op during summer session see Everett Hood 318 N Grant St Phone 3747
LOST AND FOUND Lost Brown wallet containing drivers license and change Contact W E Beal 139 S Grant Reward
Lost Larayo yellow gold wrist watch— tan leather strap Finder please call 66762
Lost K & E Slide Rule No 469804 Name on rule and case Reward Phone 46892 R M Beir
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p m. Sophomore Military Students Advance course applicants list is posted on the bulletin board Read it and comply with instructions Any one desiring to have his name removed from the list be sure and see the Adjutant 4 21 —WISELOGEL
Catalyst Club Keys can be obtained in the physical chemistry lab from Dr Hunt. 4 20 —BERGSTEDT
Radio Club Regular meeting Tuesday, April 23 at 7 30 p m in room 264 of the electrical engineering building M T Gannon will be the speaker for the evening Everyone is invited I —PITCHER
All Students Those of you who have not your copy of Scrivener please call Alexander 2673 or Metz 8421 4 22 —ALEXANDER
Roger Williams Club Leap year party postponed from Saturday April 20 to Wed nesday April 24 —BROWNING
Outing Club Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts at 10 30 a m Sunday April 27 All people interested m this hike wheth er having bicycles or not call following be fore Saturday noon Marcile Long 2828, Marge Ward 41111 Fred Cordua 35293 or George Shawkins 464'’3 —SHAWKINS
Chi Epsilon Actives and pledges your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the all engineering honorary banquet Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday April 23 —HUSTON
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and pledges your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the all engineering honorary banquet Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity pres ident by Tuesday April 28 —HUSTON Eta Kappa Nu Actives and pledges your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the all engineering honorary banquet Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity pres ident by Tuesday April 28 —HUSTON
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and Pledges Tickets to the All Engineering Honorary Ban quet will be distiibuted on Monday April 22 at 4 p m in the ME reading room —EILERING
Fencing All freshmen and others inter ested in the fencing tourney report to the fencing room on Monday April 22 —WELDY
THE SPICY ROMANCE OF A "DEAD-END" GIRL AND A LIVE WIRE BOY! She learned about flirting from her mother . . but found out about love from the man who thought he knew all about it.
c (5gers
5
WTth MARJORIE RAMBEAU HENRY TRAVERS MILES MANDER
Ginger in pigtails — ploying the role that shocked New York when the ploy ran for 20 sensational weeks I
STARTS MIDNITE PREVIEW TONITE
— TODAY — THE SISTERS PLUS HIDDEN ENEMY
GRIN AND IeaR It
Freshman Engineers All students as signed to engineering lectures will report to Eliza Fowler Hall on Saturday April 20th at 8 a m —KNAPP
Dolphin Club Meeting Tuesday April 23 at 7 p m in fieldhouse Discussion of Galaeade —FILER
Phi Lambda Upsilon Active membeis who are also members of Tau Beta Pi see Gjatteiall fir all engineering honorarics banquet tickets Others see Nelson or Hall by T lesday Apiil ^^3 —HALL
By Lichty
Copr 1946 nited F^afer^vndlcate Inc Tm Bee V 8 Pat Off—AH rifhta reserved 1
"I wish you'd stop contradicting me before company—conversation can be interesting without facts.”
Outing Club Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts from the West side fire sta tion at 10 30 am Sunday April 21 All people interested in this hike whether having bicycles or not call one of the following before Saturday noon Marcile Long 2823 Marge Ward 41111 Fred Cordua 36293 and George Shawkins 46473 —SHAWKINS Church of Christ Meeting Sunday April 21 at 3 p m at 304 S 27th St Lafayette Frank Van Dyke Minister will be m charge —CANTOWINE Eta Kappa Nu Formal initiation will be held Wednesday April 24 at 5 p m in room 304 of the Union banquet in room 365 at 6pm —APPLEYARD Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held Tuesday April 23 7 30 p m room 303 of the Union —KNIPP
ChE 129 A Exams Make up exaniinations in ChE 129 A will be given m room 302 in the chem and met building for the last two hour exams Monday April 2? at 4 p m
Wesley Foundation At Home Night program for Saturday April 20 is cancelled due to airangement of house for Co ed Breakfast —McFADDEN
Scribner Staff Important meeting Saturday April 20 at 1 p m in the office The following report if at all possible Munro Flint Metz Weigel Reigle McTaggart Howaid —ALEXANDER Westminster Club Westminster club pic me Saturday April 20 at 4 30 p m if weather permits Meet at Westminster House There will be a charge of fifteen cents —THOMAS
Senior Military The following students report to Captain Cook Army Medical Corps at the Student Health Service Sunday April 21 Wm E Spreuer, G G Burke G E Olson and A W Rifenburgh at 9 a m H S Laycock O J Henderson N S Pliner and F N Prater at 10 a m G W Breuer and Wm E Unger at 11 a m -PICKERING PIA Members Petitions for all offices other than president co ed execufjive vice president secretary and treasurer of PIA foi the coming year are due Wednesday April 24 at 5 30 p m in the PIA offipe Petitions need no signature but should state qualifiacations —HINSHAW War Department Films No 103 Re connaissance and Preparation of Routes Iruck Drawn Units and Training Film No 104 Difficult Teriain Truck Drawn Units will be show in room 104 of the Armory at 4 10 p m on Tuesday, April 23 These films are shown in connection with the course in Field Artillery Review for seniors All students and faculty interested are invited to attend —THOMPSON
Sfarts TOMORROW
^'“<5 JeanlfflBR Fred MacMIIMY * Melvp BiUfiMS
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
1
■i
REBECCA' ItUIEKCE 1141 OLIVIER^FONTAINE^ ff, Hill
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— BLONDIE TAKES / A VACATION 20,00 MEN A YEAR
SHE BROUGHT HIM The emotional intensify of George Raft...the smoldering beauty of Joan Bennett ...in the season’s hit-drama!
RllFf« inkGafPllSfi MXwfsOSSSI . md wjLWEE wtmmn
EXTRA
“RUINS OF PALMYRA" Travel Adventure in Color
MAftSSaturday, Apnl ^(1, 1^40
ptrHbuE
Our Athletes Are Mitically Minded
Football players don’t always use their drawing ability on the country’s gridirons as witness these four young men above who are at present absorbed in the old game of politics. Pictured above from left to right: Dick Stevenson, Plymouth; Augie Morningstar, Massilon, O.; Dave Rankin, Warsaw; and Lou Brock, Stafford, Kan.
Hold All-Campus Fendng If You
Tournament Wednesday
Sponsored this year by Silver Mask, fencing honorary, the annual all-campus Fencing tourney will get un.der way next Wednesday with upwards of 36 fencers already entered. It is expected that it will be almost a week before the final bouts are run off. Competition is open to all except those men who have competed in previous yeais; however, a certain amount of experience is necessary. The tournament itself will be held round-robin style, and, if needed, some extra equipment in the form of foils and masks will be made available for use by the partici-
. . . purchased a ticket for the Pittsburgh Pirate-Purdue baseball game your money will be refunded upon the presentation of the ticket in the Fieldhouse any time after 8
a.m. today.
Since 1776 the College of William & Mary has initiated 799 students into Phi Beta Kappa.
I The University of Illinois has 54,666 living graduates.
pants. Each match will be judged by members of Silver Mask, and when the fireworks are over, the fencers placing first, second, and third will be awarded keys.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES AGENTS FOR BURROUGH'S WELLOME & CO. COMPLETE STOCK RYTOL — RED-BLUE-SEPIA TONERS —- ALSO — EASTMAN AND AGFA FILMS STANDARD — 35MM — MOVIE 24 HOUR FILM SERVICE
PHONE 4451
BARTLETT DRUG CO.
FREE DELIVERY
MERCHANTS!! You’ll See EYE TO EYE
Irish Golfers Whip Poilermakers, 29-7 In their first match north of the Mason-Dixon line this season, the Boilermaker linksmen journeyed down to South Bend last Thursday to meet Notre Dame and emerged on the wrong side of a 29-7 score. The match was played with the temperature well down in the forties. Sammy Nield, Irish junior, defeated Capt. Bob Hoffer of the Riveters with a 38-35—73 in the day’s best match. Notre Dame won the best ball matches QVz to 2%, and the singles 9% to 4%. Summary: Hoffer-McDamels (P) defeated Nield-Costello (ND) 2% to %; Donohue-Smith (ND) defeated Cur-ran-Dahl (P) 3-0; Schaller-Warpe (ND) defeated Weldy-Skinner (P) 3-0. Donahue (ND) defeated McDaniels (P) 3-0; Nield (ND) defeated Hoffer (P) 3-0; Schaller (ND) and Dahl (P) tied IVz to 1%; Captain Hagen (ND) defeated Curran (P) 2- 1; Wilson (ND) defeated Skinnei (P) 2% to 1^/4; Schrieber (ND) defeated Weldy (P) 3-0; Bertsch (ND) and Goldstein (P) tied 1% to IVz; Wolf (ND) defeated Baeke (P) 3- 0.
Qhoksi By Robert J. Deekard Today the song is gone from our lips ... A smile is entirely out of the question . . . The skys are ashen and grey . . . The local birds seem even to be despondent . . . And life itself looks to be very unworthwhile. —^fc— To top it off, the Boilermaker-In-diana baseball game was called off yesterday because the pesky weather nosed out the clubs before game time, which makes the fifth time during the current season the Riveters have had to postpone or cancel games when the elements got out of order. —^fc— And also the Chicago University athletic situation is making us just a little more nervous today, as it appears in the nation’s “rags.” . . . Argument here . . . Argument there. Everybody talking, but not doing a thing about it. It’s the worst mess we’ve seen since a five-ton truck ran over one of our grandpa’s pet porcupines. —^fc— Prexy Robert Hutchins is clamoring for “honesty in universities and colleges playing ‘amateur’ football.” “No underhanded stuff,” yells our ten-cent football aspirant. “Come out in the open with the paychecks for football players. Better still, do away with the stuff,” cries our reformer. —^fc— This week-end, Mr. Hutchins, the Big Ten directors are going to get together and decide something definite on this screwy situation. As can be seen, the directors are utterly disgusted with the methods and means in which you have attacked college athletics, refusing to schedule any basketball games with the Maroons until they receive a report from the Midway institution. —^fc— If it’s a satisfactory reply, Chicago will probably remain in the Big Ten . . . And that, our dear Hutchins, will be too bad for you, because that’ll mean Chicago might have to quite the conference . . . What a disgrace to bring on your fair school! —fc— If not, your non-footballing Maroons may be dropped entirely, which is undoubtedly a black mark, if we’ve ever seen one. The least thing that can be done, is setting a time limit for Chicago to bow out gracefully at a later date when things aren’t so roaring hot.
with your Customer if he knows first what you have to offer.
Reach the Students Through Their Own Publication Advertise in the Purdue Exponent
Trackmen Meet Wayne In Home Opener Today
By Don Smith
If the weather man gives central Indiana a break this afternoon, Boilermaker track fans may see some records established as their favorites battle Wayne University in Ross-Ade stadium. Ed Holderman, a cinch to win at least two of his specialties, the mile, two mile, and half mile, should cause some changes in the books if the track dries oif and the wind dies down. Tycocki may also approach the broad jump mark if the runway is in
good shape for his flying feet.
Hopes To Repeat
Dave Rankin, who ran wild at Michigan State a week ago, will be out to maintain his standing as high point man and all-around athlete. In fact, all the boys will be bearing down, for it is upon the basis of their showing tomorrow that' the coaches will choose the squad for the Drake relays to be held in Des Moines, Iowa, next week. If performances fail to merit entries in this outstanding meet, the next competition is scheduled here against Chicago and Iowa in a tri-
angular meet on May 4.
A sophomore, who is expected to show well against the Motor City boys, is Stroyeck, a hurdler, who has looked especially good in workouts this week. According to Coach Allen, if the boy continues to improve throughout the season he should develop into an outstanding hurdler. Local fans will also be interested in the initial home appearance of Danny Fisher, a quartermiler and relay man, who has shown plenty of stuff in recent workQuts.
Concern Over Vaulters
Chi^f concern in the Riveter camp is expressed for the pole vault, as both Edwards and Lovett have sustained minor injuries during the week. Edwards turned an ankle early in the week, while Lovett checked in with a pulled stomach muscle. Both injuries have responded to treatment, however, and the boys will both be ready for competi-
tion if all goes well.
Although the visitors are reputed to have plenty of strength in the hurdles and high jump and a good man in the quarter-mile, the Riveters should bring home plenty of points as they strive to continue
their victory string.
TIME SCHEDULE
1 30—Pole Vault, Shot Put, High Jump.
2 .00—One Mile Run. 2:10—440 Yard Run.
2.16—Discus, broad jump, javeliM. 2:20—100 Yard Dash. 2:80—120 Yard High Hurdles
2 .40—880 Yard Run 2:60—220 Yard Dash 3:00—^Two Mile Run.
3:15—220 Yard Low Hurdles. 3:26—One Mile Relay. Pharmacy inspection Tour To Begin Monday Approximately 35 senior Pharmacy students will leave on Monday morning for an inspection trip. Their first destination will be the ‘ Parke-Davis company in Detroit, where they will stay until Wednes-
day afternoon.
The next stop will be Kalamazoo, Mich., where the students will be guests of the Upjohn company. Abbott’s in Chicago will be the last place visited for inspection, and the group will retmn to West Lafayette late Fiiday evening, April 26. The students will be accompanied by Prof, and Mrs. Henry Heine.
Riveter Tennis Team Faces Western State Squad Here Today Coach Lai’ry LaBree and his Riveter tennis squad took to the road early yesterday to engage the Butler Bulldogs in the initial match of the season for the local lads. The team is comprised of only two veterans from last year’s aggregation, Captain Herb Fuente and Jim Hebbeler. Because of inclement weather conditions, the LaBree coached contingent has been greatly hampered by the necessity of indoor practice. This is particularly true of the doubles teams, which require more loom than do the singles men. In addition to the two members already mentioned, Ray Lucht, Bob Anderson, and Bill Berg will round out the five man team. The matches include four of the singles variety and two doubles matches. Strong Opposition Saturday Following this engagement with the capital city boys, the Boilermakers return to the home courts to play Western State as a part of an extended week-end program. It is to be emphasized that the latter team looks upon tennis as a major sport, and has one of the finest collegiate teams. Incidentally, this same team was undefeated in a southern trip that saw it play many
good racquet squads.
The tennis team of last year had a very successful season, considering the strong opposition it encountered, and recorded seven victories as opposed to six revel ses. A highly ambitious schedule is proposed for the present campaign, embracing 17 matches, and such Western Conference opponents as Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Northwestern, Ohio State, and Wisconsin. State Victorious In South The Western State crew, undefeated in three matches on a southern trip, was slated to meet Chicago at Chicago yesterday before invading the local courts. On the southern tour, the visitors defeated Appalachian, Loyola, and Western Maryland. The sextet that is expected to appear against the Boilermakers is composed of Russell, Linder, VanderMeiden, Crook, Sims,
and Taylor.
IM Schedules
BASEBALL
Monday,. April 22
Diamond
1 Delta Chi vs Kappa Sigma 2 Kappa Delta Rho vs Lambda Chi Alpha 3 Sigma Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 4 Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha 5 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu 6 Delta Tau Delta vs Theta Chi 7 Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Delta Theta 8 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Alpha Tau Omega 9 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa Sigma 10 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Theta Tau
Right on Time
and Right
Oiir Delivery Service is a source of pride to us and a source of satisfaction to our customers. HAVE US SUPPLY YOUR IliVE/VS ON A RENTAL BASIS
Phone 2000 for Service“Wfep^ *» ' —
’•*' .‘■^ W>>'v;.
PDBDUE EXPOHENT
Saturday, April 20, 1940
University Convocations
... in recent years have grown to be one of the main means of diversion for the University student body. Gonvos always provide the best of entertainment for the faculty and students. During the last couple of years their popularity has increased until it is impossible to pack them all in Memorial Gym for a single performance, and as a consequence they have had to run two-night programs. Religious convos have now outgrown Fowler Hall. With the new Music Hall in the offing, in fact less than a month away, we will not be bothered with over-crowded conditions, and the University will not have the added expense of a second night. Heretofore, when we had a conflict on one night of the performance, we would plan to attend the other night. When >ve move into the new Music Hall, we will have to go on the night of its presentation or not at all. All too often our exams prevent us from going when we otherwise could have attended and still have gotten our ordinary preps. If the University board would pass a rule eliminating tests on days following University convos, the entire student body and faculty could attend and still not necessarily feel that they were shirking their duty to the books. '
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Iiuler Edtior-in-CUtf W. E. Smith Boslness ManmKmr
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, man* aging: editor; A M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, oo-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sporta editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafavette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postage -provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigrned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Smith Issue Editor, Ochiltree Day Editor, Baker Saturday, April 20, 1940
The Board meets every Monday to discuss and pass on feasible plans for the betterment of the University as a whole. If the student did not feel duty bound to spend long hours studying for a test in order that he would not flunk out of school, he probably would attend the convo. Convos are presented for the education, culture, and entertainment of the students, so why not make it possible to attend. Students, if in the next few days you are asked to sign a petition that would increase the possibility of this plan becoming a University regulation, would you be willing to sign? —M.L.M.
Briefs By Clarence
Spent an hour rigging the thing up, with oodles of tail, and six strings that converged in a knot, where the twine was fastened. Spent another hour trying to fly the darn thing over on the intramural field.
Business Leaders Meet Here May 3,4
We weiit trucking down into the Mech lab in the ME building the other day on an inspection trip. Our instructor was explaining a steam boiler, when one of the brighter boys raised his hand. “Why don’t you get your steam from the powerhouse, instead of making it over here?”
Please turn in any logical answers at the box-office on the way out.
Finally, when Clarence had given up all hope of maneuvering it away from the earth, a kid about so high came along dnd examined the kite. “Sure you got this kite fastened right, mister ?” the little voice said. “Hell, no.” Clarence replied, “What’s wrong with it ?”
Some time back a student was running a test on a gasoline engine in that same old Mech lab. A usually reliable source hak it that he stopped in the middle of the experiment; carefully inspected the engine for any hidden power lines or belts attached. He said, “What’s running this machine, anyway?”
“Gimme your knife.” Our instructor began cutting strings and punching holes and tying knots. This went on for some fifteen minutes. ^ ij; ;{: It flew.
Industrial, utility and business executives will attend a two-day Management Conference here on Thursday and Friday, May 2 and 3. This conference will be one of the features of “Management Week” and will follow the Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute. Among the management authorities scheduled to speak are Wallace Clark, consultiny engineer in management. New York; Dexter S. Kimball, consulting engineer, Cornell University; David E. Ross, President of the University Board of Trustees, and W. A. Hanley, chief engineer, • Eli Lilly Co., Indianapolis.
Speaking of labs, Clarence has won two bells for inventions for student in .Qual lab. One is a centrifuge tube with a precipitate painted in the bottom for when you can’t find anything.
The other is a waterproof litmus paper that can be used over and over and over ...
This morning we throw a wild rose, resplendent with thorns an inch long, to the departments who make students hand in work missed by inspection trips, and give them a yellow slip for not getting the work in while they’re gone.
Clarence bought a kite the other day, and six hundred feet of twine with which to fly it. Made a reel from an old pretzel box that was found biding it’s time at the bottom of the waste basket.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEACr Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental CHnic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. R»K OR. HAROLD J. R»K -4th 6r Main Rttone 570
• jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11914 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENiACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. L SURRATT OPTOMETRIST m 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowara Main at 7th Phone 6050
Recipe for Popularity!
If you want to be the bright and shining star in some special Girl’s favor, see that your personal appearance is beyond reproach.
To Safeguard-— USE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY
Crown Laundry
m it E C L E A^H E 11 S Q F FINE C L O T H E f
GRIN AND BEAR IT
iy Lldktr
’Round and ’round she goes—I mean my head. Your correspondent is a fugitive from a prom banquet. Whoops! Lennie, can I take care of the rabbits? —B & B--Drunk or sober, we can’t leave sweet young love alone. Out latest discovery is the sweet little affair of A1 Williamson, SPE, and Peggy Call, KKG. —B & B— Moans are being heard from the Fieldhouse. Dutch’s proteges are bemoaning their fate. They stayed in Lafayette on prom night with strict orders to go to bed. —B & B— Professor: “Spell straight.” Stewdent: “S-t-r-a-i-g-h-t.” Professor: “That’s right. What does it mean?” Stewdent: “Without soda.’ ’ —B & ]6— The Theta Chi boys are howling as usual. Their sleep is" being disturbed from time to time by trumpet renditions of a certain wellknown hymn. It couldn’t be that the boys are getting religious. —B & B— The gala week* committee has requested no big fraternity dances oh gala week-end. Any house having George Hall is exempt from the above ruling. , —-B & B— FLASH! Something new! Something different! Perry (Love sick) Clark, Acacia romeo, and Debris beauty queen, Peg Davis, have a TELEPHONE date next week. Bleachers are being constructed in the Acacia house, and guests will be invited to see that Peg and. Perry are well chaperoned.
‘I never vote unless I get my segar, even if it^s nothing but a straw vote!”
BONERS! Ed Seyk and Johnny Thompson were thumbing a ride across the river and were picked up by a stranger ( ?). Seyk says, in boring conversational tone, “Do you work over in town?” The stranger answered, “No, I’m a Purdue man, too!” Thompson asked what his associationi with the University was. The stranger replied, “I’m the football coach.” The moral to this story is, “My God, fellas, don’t be so darn dumb!” —B&B— Get off the roof, goof.
Dr. Ralph M. Davis Speaks Before 1,200 Studenfs
Speaking befoi’e 1200 people at the University’s last religious convo of the season last Sunday in Eliza FoAvler Hall, Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, of Oakland, Calif., stated that, “Youth is no time for skepticism.” Dr. Davis defined man as a “builder, fighter, lover, worshipper.” President Elliott introduced the speaker. Albert Stewart directed the choir, with Albert Schnaible at the organ;
Why Auction?
Just Advertise
in the
Purdue Exponent
4 <