i Pil , - e'ij- V '' “** Wi
This Newspcqper U PubHshsd Each Morning But Monday By Students OI Purdue University
Purdue Exponeht
SATOBDAY^ May 14, 1938 laikiy(M0,tuSeaaa VOL 49 No. 179
IA '
Is^rb, IOiESE3 OK Senior Elections
Union Juniors To Help Choose New Vice Presidents (See editorial, page 2) Senior Student Union officers for next year will be elected by the four present senior board members and the two faculty advisors, L. M. Tallely and President E. C. Elliott, Student Union President Tom Sheets announced last night. Elections will be held in the Student Union office on Tuesday evening. Present senior officers were chosen by the complete Student Union board consisting of all elected officers and faculty advisors. The change in electoral committee personnel from last year’s system was agreed upon by the entire board at its meeting Tuesday night. Elect Vice-Presidents Today Last year was the first year that no Union officers were chosen by popular campus electiort. This year’s plans call for election of vice presidents today by the entire Union board and election of president, executive, activities chairman, and co-ed executive Tuesday by seniors. The two faculty advisors participate in both elections. Each present vice president has submitted his recommendations, exclusive of himself, to the electoral committee. These lecommendations are to aid the electoral committee in making its selections. Sophomores Interview The sophomores petitioning for office will interview the board prior to elections this afternoon. The same system will be followed in election of senior officers Tuesday evening. Each vice-president petitioning for office will be interviewed preceding the election. At present there are 13 vicepresidents, four of whom are coeds. Either 12 or 13 vice presidents are to be chosen for next year. Newly elected officers will take over their offices immediately. 4,000 Summer Catalogs Mailed; Reprint Ordered All of the 4,000 catalogs announcing the summer session have been sent out and a reprint has been ordered, the first time this has been necessary. The demand for catalogs, if any indication of possible enrollment this summer, means that the number registered will be the largest in the history of summer schools. Last year the number finally registered was well above 1200, the largest in the history of the University.
Gilmore Addresses Newsmen
Byron Smart.,,
Quotes a la Gilmore Quotable quotes from Newspaper Day speaker W. S. Gilmore, editor of the Detroit News, include . . . . . . “interpreting and analyzing news has become increasingly important since radio entered the field and began disseminating spot news. ... “newspapers, in order to give the public something the radio can not, must come along later and give readers the reasons behind spot news. . . . “the American people have developed a new foreign consciousness; we have to send correspondents all over the globe. ... “a newspaper, like any man, can be untruthful for a while, but, like any man, it will soon be found out.”
Riding Club Show To Include Stunts, Jumping Exhibits Purdue Riding Club, featuring a jumping exhibition by Summit View ridden by Max Bonham, Sc. '41, Indianapolis, will present its first annual show. Gymkhana, under the auspices of the Student Union tomorow afternoon at 2 o’clock on Stuart Field. Bonham rode a winner in a $1,000 jumping stake at the 1937 International Livestock Exposition at Chicago, 111. “Summit View has been a winner in the topnotch shows all over the country, such as the Indiana State Fair, Illinois State Fair, and the American Royal,” stated Chairman Irvin A. Summers, last night. The program will also consist of trick riding, jumping exhibition, “musical chair” game, and an “egg race” game. Ladies seat and hands class, and men’s seat and hands class which will be judged purely on the rider’s ability to handle his mount, is to be judged by Mrs. Gordon Thomas, Captain F. H. Morse, and Sergeant Roy Gain. Equestrians in charge of the affair are I. A. Summers, general chairman; Dave Meacham, publicity; Mary Mather, program; and J. D. Meyer, grounds. “This show is something new and different on the Purdue campus and should turn into an annual affair,” Summers stated. The exhibition is free and should last approximately two hours. Students And Faculty... . . . members are invited by officials of the Aluminum Company of America to attend their open house today. The factory will be open for inspection from 8:30 a. m. to noon, and from 1:30 p. m. to 4 p. m.
Top Of Stack Repair Nears
By Hank Wist
In spite "Sf the fact that a barricade of power plant engineers has been maintained at the base of the Purdue stack since the night of-the ’41 numeral episode, this reporter managed to get close enough for a good glimpse of the work being done. It required a half day’s labor on the part of two workmen to remove the traces of the six foot numerals which were painted in white lead about half way up the north side of the stack by enterprising freshmen one night last week. Struck By Lightning Struck by lightning during an electrical storm early this spring, the east wall of the giant structure sustained a long crack, and the present crew was put to work repairing it. Installation of lightning
Reached As Completion rods and a thorough inspection and retouching of the entire stack is being accomplished at the same time. The novel scaffold in use is hung on a circular cable wrapped around the structure and held in place by anchor bolts driven into the walls, the same bolts that will later hold down the lightning rod cables. Scaffold Taken Apart As work progresses the scaffold is taken apart, section by section, and rehung on a second cable placed about six feet higher up, so that the whole platform works its way up to the top without the usual aid of sky hooks, pulleys, and cables. Work is now nearing completion except for the installation of new lightning rods, which are designed to avert electrical storm damage in
the future.
'Interpret And Analyze/ Advises Detroit Editor At SDX Newspaper Day Banquet “A newspaper’s principal function is to tell its readers what is happening^ in the world ... and I think the press, by and large, is now doing a better job than ever in this respect!” approved Editor W. S. Gilmore of the Detroit News at the Sig'ma Delta Chi sponsored Newspaper Day banquet last night in the Memorial Union Building faculty lounge. Telling 45 editors and journalists “How the American Press Is Meeting Its Obligation to the American People,” Editor Gilmore went on to describe how the “violently partisan newssheet” has gradually disappeared until now 90 per cent of the American papers confine party support to their editorial pages. 11 n.i. Ill News Interpretation
Students Favor Skk Revisions Eiecf-Qiral Commit'f'ees To Choose SAA Heads, Senior Cheer Leaders Results showed that 99% of the
students voting were in favor of the proposed amendments to the constitution of the Student Athletic Association as the polls closed at 5 p. m. yesterday. Out of the 195 votes cast only thiee opposed the
changes.
“Although only a small peicentage of the student body cast their ballots, the final i esults seem to conclusively indicate that student sentiment favois a merit system rather than the old populai vote,” said G. C. Elliott, president-elect of the Student Senate, when turning in the
totals.
New System Rulings Under the new system junior association officers will be elected by popular vote and senior officers will be chosen from the junior officers of the preceding year by an electoral committee. Due to this change petitions must be turned in to the Senate office from 4 to 5:30 p. m. Monday through Wednesday of next week. Elections will be held on Fri-
day.
To qualify for the junior positions one must have a 3.25 index and turn in a petition with a dollar petition fee. A student holding a major letter in a varsity spoit is not eligible foi an office in the association. Choose Cheer Leaders In addition the amendment specifies that two senior head cheer' leaders be chosen from the junior men, a cheer manager and a cheer director. The former will handle all business and the latter will supervise training of the other cheei’ leaders. These two will be chosen by committee of the four SAA officers. Gimlet president. Reamer president, President of Gold Peppers, and the University athletic director. Goff Will Play On Variety Hour Today Resuming its Variety Hour program after a two weeks’ Ikpse, WBAA will broadcast this program at 3 p. m. today from Eliza F«owler Hall. Glenn Goff and his orchestra will play on the progr-am for their first WBAA broadcast. Featured on the program will be Betty McQuisten, vocalist, who will sing several special arrangements, and Vern Breitweiser, who will also sing several numbers. In addition to the two vocalists a regular Variety Hour program will be broad-
cast.
Stressed in Gilmore’s address was the importance of interpretation of news material—discussion and analysis of the reasons behind spot news. Gilmore began with pleasing generalities about the American press . . . then got down to brass tacks, and some of the problems that now confront or will soon embarrass the newspaper world. Seriously suggested by Gilmore but rather poohpoohed by many of the othei editors present was the threat of a facsimile reproduction of news to be received in the homes of the nation by wire. Discussion pro and con on this subject and many others of national and international interest followed Gilmore’s
speech.
Johnston Takes Over
Toastmaster T. R. Johnston, dilector of the University publicity bureau, took over after the dessert course, beginning the evening with a mass intioduction of all those present. He then called on Hugh Forster, president of the local Sigma Delta Chi chapter, to introduce
new SDX initiates.
Students initiated at the special ceiemony include William Feldman, W. W. Johnston, W. C. Prechter, and J. P. Taylor; while Professor C. B. Murphy and S. D. Fox, city editor of the Terre Haute Star were taken in as associate members.
J. C. Kiper Talks
Next speaker was James Kipei executive seci'etary of Sigma Delta (Continued on page 4) Tufts Will Address AlCliE Open Meeting C. R. Tufts, chief salesman and technical advisor in the territory of Indiana for the Edison Storage Battery Company, will lecture at an open meeting of the AIChE Monday at 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture, supplemented by motion pictures, will cover the principles and piocesses in the construction of the Edison Storage battery. Dick Duffey, ChE ’39, and H. F. Weigandt, ChE ’38, will be honored at the meeting. Duffey will be given a medal and a chemistry handbook in recognition by the national AIChE as the junior in the school of chemical engineering- who has the highest scholastic standing in his class. Wiegandt, recent recipient of a national AIChE problem award, will be introduced at the
meeting.
Episcopalian... . . . and Presbyterian student church groups will hold a joint picnic at Camp Tecumseh tomorrow afternoon. Members of both churches will assemble in the lobby of the Union Building at 3 o’clock.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Showers, slightly warmer in west and extreme south portions today. Partly cloudy and cooler tomorrow. Temperatures: High, 67; Low, 32;
mean, 49.5.
. . . will lead his 13-piece band for dancers at the regular Union mixer in the ballroom topight. Smart has his headquarters in Frankfort, and will bring with him both men and women vocalists. Dancing Will last from 9 to midnight, with the regular admission price of one dollar in effect. Alpha Phi Omega Expects Over ISO At Spree Today Expecting a group of over 150, Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary fraternity, will hold its annual Spring Spree this afternoon at Ross Camp. Organization officers invite all student and faculty members to attend. Two special buses will furnish the transportation to and from the camp and will leave from the west door of the Union Building at 1:30. The afternoon’s activities will be over by 6 o’clock, so that students may get back in time for evening engagements: Tickets for the spree, which include dinner, are still on sale at the Union desk for 50 cents. 'Engineer' Offers Free Subscriptions Sponsoring a contest to select a suitable cover design for their 193839 publication. Engineer editors are offering a one year’s free subscription for each of the five best designs submitted. The only limitation placed upon the design is that it must leave a space in which a cover illustration varying from 4 to 6% inches horizontally by 3 to 5 inches vertically may be placed. It is not necessary that the information on this year’s Engineer appear in the design, but it should carry out the general theme of a technical magazine. Entries must be in the Engineer office or left at the Union desk by May 21, Engineer editors announced yesterday. Alpha Chi Delegates Meet For Convention With 50 delegates representing active chapters from DePauw, Butler, Indiana, Cincinnati, Ohio State, and Ohio Wesleyan Universities and Mt. Vernon college in attendance. Alpha Chi Omega sorority is 'holding a convention here this week-end. Last night delegates were entertained at a buffet dinner in the chapter house. Today they will hold business sessions in the Union Building. Representatives of the other sororities in the Pan-Hellenic group will be entertained at a luncheon today. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, will be the speaker. A formal province banquet in the Union tonight honoring the founders of Alpha Beta chapter at Purdue will conclude the convention.
Juniors Will Not Vote In Selecting Debris Officers (See editorial, page 2) Changes in the newly approved constitution of the Debris place the selection of all, elective officers of the University yearbook in the hands of the senior staff members and the faculty advisors. Editor Chuck Ehinger announced last night. This election plan goes into effect for the choosing of 1938-39 officers next Thursday. Under the old constitution both junior and senior positions were filled by a board consisting of all outgoing juniors and seniors and faculty advisors. Junior officers are eliminated from voting in the new set-up. Keep Out Politics “We made this revision in order to keep politics out of our elections,” said Editor Ehinger. “We think the senior-faculty committee will be less sensitive to political persuasion and therefore will dd a more fair job of naming Debris officers.” Co-ed Editor Petie Light did most of the rewi'iting of the organization’s constitution and presented the new draft at a board meeting following the Debris banquet in the Fowler Hotel Thursday night. It was approved unanimously. The old constitution, written in 1932, did not conform with present organization arangements in many respects. Make Up Committee The four senior officers—editor-in-chief, business manager, co-ed editor, and photography editor— and the three faculty advisors, named by the President, make up the new electoral committee. In any case where a committee member is not a senior, he is ineligible to vote. This year Photography Editor Bob Verner is only a junior student and will not have a vote in the coming elections. The new constitution provides that if a tie results among the remaining six electors, the three seniors shall decide the question. Includes Photographers At present Debris’ organization includes a photography staff and more associate editors than allowed under the old document. The new rules permit the election of these officers. They also cary provisions for other minor changes. Debris officers are now working on a new method- for distributing profits made in the publication of the yearbook. Debris Distribution Starts Monday In Union Monday, from 4 to 6 p. m., the first 300 copies of the 1938 Debris will be distributed at the Debris office in the Union Building. The remaining volumes will be on hand after 4 p. m. all next week, as soon as they are bound and received at the office. “Everyone has to have either a receipt or a passport in order to get a Debris next week,” announced Business Manager Art Siebenthal yesterday evening. Old, New PI A Executives To Picnic At Ti^rkey Run Old and new members of the Purdue Independent Association executive board will go on an all day pic-nic-outing tomorrow at Turkey Run State Park. The group will leave Lafayette about 8 a. m. and will return in the evening. Boh Schlundt, eX'president of PIA, is in charge of arrangements.ii'
4
4,^
4
4
£diJbfdaL
THE PDBDOE EXPONENT
diunufk.
Saturday, May 14, 1938
Jhst ^diioh Election By Merit...
... takes a sharp upturn on the Purdue campus with this week’s announcements by Debris and Student Union representatives that the 1938-39 major officers of the two organizations will be selected by senior-faculty committees. Present staff members and faculty adyisors of the yearbook Thursday night ratified unanimously a new constitution which provides for the election of both junior and senior officers by the senior board and faculty advisory committee. This rewritten document has yet to be approved by the University Executive Committee, but will find few objections in that group. Union, whose constitution permits the general board to determine election methods, voted Wednesday to vest the selection of next year’s senior officers in a committee consisting of the four retiring seniors, the Union manager, and the University president. As in 1937, junior vice-presidents will assist that electoral committee in naming their successors. We use the phrase “election by merit’’ in regard to these elections because eliminating juniors from the voting decreases the possibilities of politics entering into decisions, increases the general impartiality of the resulting board. Fundamentally, the senior at the head of each staff of an organization should be the best judge in selecting his successor. Sometimes, however, that senior may be so connected fraternally or politically with his prospective successors—or may be so opposed fraternally or politically—^that his opinion will be swayed. In some instances he may even be fooled by the performances of those next-in-line to him.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBen
gtoieduted ^foltrgtate
(S}ttc9^1§iae0(
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consrress of Hardi 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase prorlded for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 29, 1922. Published daily except Monday durinit ttie resular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Bditor-In-CUaf
BluincM MaoRgrw
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF
Manarinx Editor^
r’s Si
_J. K. Brock
Editor’s SecreUry—...= —JJarKaret Bawyer Associate Elditors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin.
C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanhsudc, D. B. Vanes
Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. FrederiA,
y, B. L.
K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, B. L. Keek, If. A. Krocplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A- Torrence, J. C.
Woodson
CO-ED STAFF Editor.. .-.Elisabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally MeKee
SPORTS STAFF Editor.... B. F. Obenchain Associate ^itors J. S. Brown, R. L. MeDonold, B. D. Witwer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manatrer——... ....J, P. Gdrard National Advertisingf Manajcer—..... W. J. GiBUaa Local Adyertlsinar ManaKcr. R. EtanaJeor Circulation Manager — —;..M. C. Riecyce
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6987 Bnaincea Phone 8088
Night Editor—Fox Terrio Issue Editor—Patterson Saturday, May 14, 1938
So a board is necessary—to insure perennially careful choice of officers: A board is less susceptible to political persuasion and to personal prejudice than is an individual.
Opportunities for trading political influence make juniors less responsible as electors than their senior co-workers. If any junior officer thinks his chance of getting a higher position in an activity is slight, he may trade his vote there for political pull in another activity or in an honorary.
Freshman and sophomore staff members are not sufficiently acquainted with the responsibilities of each office to know accurately the necessary qualifications for the office . . . or with the candidates for office to decide which one most nearly possess these qualifications. Junior officers, of course, have a pretty good idea of the workings of their organization^ and perhaps get a better chance to look over their opponents for positions than do the seniors, but ...
Seniors, on the other hand, have little to look forward to in campus affairs. Too, after a year’s work at the head of an organization they know that for the good of that organization, elections must be based as nearly as possible on merit.
Both Debris and Union, in order to profit from the juniors’ knowledge of one another’s strong points and shortcomings, are asking those officers to make recommendations for the higher positions. To insure reliable recommendations, the seniors stipulate that the juniors supply also reasons for making them.
Juniors are so eager to get to the top they are likely to let covetousness, rather than conscience, be their guide in election procedure. In the heat of campaign they may do things from which they ordinarily would forbear.
Exponent congratulates both these activities on their action of this week. They have made a definite contribution to student life on the University campus.
collegiate
WilfeloAddre:
iCC
College musical comedy clubs are responsible for a significant change in trend in the recruiting of talent for the American entertainment world. The. old vaudeville days saw ’the performers like Eddie Cantor and George Jessel step from the' elementary school to the spotlight. Today, many of the entertainment world’s brightest stars are men and women who received their training in campus theatricals, and who have achieved stardom as a result.
WS6A Counselors To Meet Next Week
Frederic March and Don Ameche starred in University of Wisconsin Harefoot Club and Player productions long before they were kno'wn to I’adio or filmdom. Maestro Hal Kemp gained his first experience as musical director of the Masque and Wig Shows at North Carolina. Edgar Bergen first starred his slight-of-lip tricks at Northwestern. Rudy Vallee and Lanny Ross sang in the Yale Glee Club.' Frank Cruipit is still known on the Ohio State campus as the composer of several Buckeye rally songs. Charlie Buttei-worth and ■Walter O’Keefe amused classmates at Notre Dame, and Virginia Cherrill made her vocal debut in a C.C. N.Y. Varsity Show. If you want to be a radio star these days, you’ve got to take advantage of the extracuricular activities available on your campus.
With President E. C. Elliott as toastmaster and Thomas Wolfe, author of two popular books Of the year, as principal speaker, the University English department will sponsor the annual literary banquet on May 19. Featured at the banquet will be the presentation of cups and cash awards to winners of contests in the various literary fields. The George Ade cup goes for the best one act play, the David E. Ross cup for the best poem, and the Governor’s Cup for the best personal or familiar essay. The H. G. Reisner cup will be given for the best short story, Dean Enders cash prizes of $5 and $10 for the winning scientific qssays, the Hockema-Stewart cash award of $10 and $15 for the best historical essays and the $10 prize given by the English department for second place in the informal essay contest.
WSGA counseling discussions will begin next week, three groups meeting on Wednesday afternoon, and three more Thursday. Under the direction of Mary Alice Learning, Georgiana Huber, Mary Cooley, Betty Elstun, Betty Jo Sexton, and Louise Bain, problem cases from other schools provided by Dean Stratton will be studied.
Georgiana Huber, hedd of the counseling- program states: “By having these discussion groups we feel that a counselor will be better fitted to meet the problems which she may encounter and will understand what is expected of her as a counselor.”
During interviews that were completed during the past week, the girls have expi’essed satisfactory opinions upon last year’s counseling system and are enthusiastic about the plans for next year.
Principal award of the evening will be the Winterrowd prize of $100 and $35 for the two best collections of books made by seniors.
Catalyst Club Meets; Initiates 20 Pledges
Prof. P. H. Cummings will announce the winners and the prizes will in most cases be awarded by the donors.
Brigham Young University’s new men’s dormitoi-y will be operated on a co-operative basis. Students living in this dormitory will do all the work except cooking.
When the Lake Forest Dean saw the copy nf the letter containing the disastrous slip in one word sent out by his secretary, he laughed and remarked that maybe it wasn’t such a mistake after all!
Imagine his secretary's embarrassment! “We find the campus ‘hang-out’ a convenient place for students to stop for a smack in between meals.” wrote the Dean of Lake Forest. This sentence was part of his answer to the dean of another college about the advantages and disadvantages of an eating and meeting place, “coke corner,” or sandwich shop on campus.
Education seems to be a “family affair” at Boston University. On the records are: 1. Three fathers studying there with their undergraduate children. 2. Pour sets of twins among the 147 sets of brothers and sisters enrolled in the University’s 11 departments. 3. Eleven married couples manage to study and keep house successfully at the same time.
Formal initiation of Catalyst club pledges was held recently at the Pi Kappa Phi house, followed by a dinner party. Those initiated were: H. E. Burkhardt, J. W. Crastino, W. S| Craft, G. Craig, W. H. Deitch, G. J. Dell, K. G, Hookanson, J. K. Kirkpatrick, C, Langworthy, S. L, McCormick, R. H. |Meissner, J. H. Miller, C. L. Moir, A. A. Peirce, C. J. Petry, R. A. Peterson, J. M. Rudolph, C. D, Schroeder, L. W. Sink, and R. Verier, Prof. J, L. Bray, Prof. D. E. Ackerman, Prof. H. Hunt, and J. W. P. Strasmann, an exchange student from Germany, were initiated as honorary members. H. S. Nolting, secretary of the club, announced that the senior-fac-ulty banquet of the chemical engineering school will be held Wednesday in the faculty lounge of the Union at 6:30 p. m.
IT’S A GAG ... Marie Johnson, WRH, has a diamond ring that she uses as a stop and go signal. It seems that she puts the ring on her left hand whenever she has a date she doesn’t like. Does anyone remember the stop ?
ANOTHER ROCK ... Shirley Shepard, another WRH gal, has a one and a half carat diamond that she is keeping secret; a sparkler like that is about as inconspicuous as a white elephant in a choir loft.
INFERNAL TRIANGLE ... Once upon a time there was a man by the name of Bob Buck, a Phi Gam, who burned the candle at both ends. One of the flames was named Anna Pay Campbell, the other was named Treva Berry, Each thought that the other was just a little flicker .. . showing that Bob was a very smart man. Bob made one mistake, however. He gave Treva a ring and Anna Fay found out. Now Bob 'will either get his ring back and throw it away, or buy two rings.
PHI DELT ... . . . McConnell is really in the soup at the house, the boys think he has put his pin on Janice Renick . . . the truth is that he lost it in the grass on the West lawn of WRH but any way he tells the story it doesn’t sound so hot.
WELL IT’S HIGH ... . . . time that they were tearing down the old Engineering Building; that place resembles a corn crib in a dust bowl.
NOTICE . . . ^ It is no longer “Speed” Pittman, but “Poison” Pittman. We understand that the Delts will GET this no end.
THE STORY GOES . . . . . . that a plumber was working in the Pi Phi house, and one of the girls walked in unexpectedly and his face flushed—it didn’t make any noise tho’ because he was a good plumber.
THERE’S A .. . ... NO DRINKING campaign going on at the WRH. The other night there was a breath-smelling committee at the front door checking up on the girls. The committee was not successful because the girls got wind of it and E'VERY ONE came in sober.
Religious Council.,. . . . members elected the following officers at a picnic held recently at Black Rock: William Briscoe, president; W. Rifenburgh, vice-presi-dent; and Lois McGaughey, secre-tary-treasurer.
muA
—LAST DAY-
AND
—AND-
miLEi
LEO
^ FELLOWS»CARHILU STARTING SUNDAY
IOMSaW¥£R* III teCHNICO&oil
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘I can’t see what enjoyment the men get out of golf—the clothes they wear are so very ordinary!”
What, Where, When?
Rural Youth To Convene Here June 20 To July 1
By Ruth Rose Are you a conservative or a liberal? Not regarding politics this time, but strange as it may seem, men’s boutonnieres. If you choose a white boutonniere* with tails you are a conservative. If, on the other hand, you are of the liberal school and choose to wear a red flower in your lapel, you are' not transgressing rules of good dress as is sometimes thought. If you are wearing a tuxedo, you may choose either red or white as your fancy dictates. Here’s a Purdue custom, however—if the gentleman lets the tip of his handkerchief show, he does not wear any boutonniere, the handkerchief suffices.
A special four day program from June 20 to 24, has been planned for approximately 200 older rural youth and young adults as a feature of the tenth annual Rural Leadership School, June 20 to July 1.
ARC
-LAST DAY—
PRESTON
roSTER fontrine iMaNt
—ALSO— ‘PAINTED STALLION” No. 9 —Plus— “SPORT REEL”
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11;30
LOVE OR DUTY?'
SWEETHEART OR KINGDOM? POWER' FUL DRAMA OFJHE STORV BEHIND THE MAKING OF HISTOHV.
REPUBUC PICTURES prejeh/ff
GLAMOROUS NIGHT
MARY ELLIS OTTO KRUGER • VICTOR JORY BARRY MACK AY
DOUBLE FEATURE —TODAY—
CHESTER
Telephone
MORRIS
Operator
in
with
Law of the
JUDITH
Underworld
ALLEN ^
.THE BIG APPLE OF MUSICAL SHOWS!
I
Shoggin’, gaggin' eolUglaU conwdy with on alt - Amarican ltn«-up oE Hollywood hoodllnoral
GEORGE BURNS WGRACrE ALLEN ^MARTHA RAYE BOB HOPE 2 \ ^Betty Grable Jackie Coogan I ^ -A' Edward Everett Horton Ben Blue
.p; ■nAv.a
5 DAYS
STARTING TODAY" J-
Saturday, May 14, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Hoosiers Take Big Ten Lead Over Boilermakers, 3-2
Gold And Black Track Squad Is Host To Hilltoppers In Dual Meet Today
Hopeful of scoring their initial dual victory of the outdoor season, Marquette trackmen will invade Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon at 1:30 for their first engagement in history with the Boilermakers. ——— ———
“Six or eight points may be the deciding margin in tomorrow’s meet,” stated Coach Hermon Phillips yesterday concerning this sole home track meet. Both Marquette and Purdue lost to Michigan State by similar scores, which might indicate a tossup today with the me^t being decided in the one-mile relay in which the opposing squads have two of the strongest varsity quartets in the middle west this year. High School Meet Today’s track festival will include enough events to satiate even the most rabid of the fans of the cinder oval. A high school intersectional track meet with nine high “"schools from the surrounding districts com-
peting will be run in conjunction with the Boilermaker-Marquette contest. Some of the boys whom the Gold and Black men will have to contend with are Herman Carr, who ran the 440 in 49.6, Eddie Burke, one time world’s record holder, who cleared the high jump at 6 feet 2% inches. Seven Seniors This track meet will be the last home ground encounter for seven senior trackmen who have been the mainstays for the Boilermaker squad in the last three seasons. Lemen, DeLong, Terhune, Shideler, Fifield, Curran and Douglas will all be in action today as they terminate their college track careers in Ross-Ade Stadium.
11^
P£L&Md. OJUL COLD
An enthusiast who walked out yesterday, in one of our New Palm Beach Suits, told us . . . with considerable joy, that he '"came in hot"" . . . and passed out cold."" We think he exaggerated a bit. . . but. .
Changing over from an ordinary suit to the new Palm Beach is a refreshing experience on a hot day . . . and one you ought to try, bn your way to the office.
PALM BEACH
in the new Towne Tones . . . blue, gray and brown . . are the smartest washable business suits you"ve ever seen . . . And what a value at ...
^7.75
500 MAIN ST.
Star League Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
18
3
.857
Chicago
14
10
.583
Pittsburgh
12
9
.571
Cincinnati
12
11
.522
Boston
7
10
.412
St. Louis .........
8
12
.400.
Brooklyn
9
14
.391
Philadelphia ....
4
15
.211
Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 4; Chicago, 1. (Only games scheduled).
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
Washington ....
16
9
.640
Boston
...... 14
8
.636
New York
14
9
.608
Cleveland
...... 14
9
.608
Detroit
9
12
.428
Chicago
8
11
.421
Philadelphia ....
7
13
.350
St. Louis
6
17
.260
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 7; Cleveland, 6. Detroit, 7; St. Louis, 5. Philadelphia, 8; New York, 6. Boston, 10; Washington, 0.
River Swim Men desiring to enter river swim please sign up on I-M bulletin board. —CLEVETT.
Bill McCahill, member of Marquette’s baton quartet which will meet Purdue here in one of the features of today’s dual track meet at Ross-Ade Stadium.
Gym Lockers Men’s Gymnasium locker holders are to return key, lock, and towel not later than June 11, 1938. No deposits will be returned after this date. R. C. Woodworth, Athletic Director
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
W ait! When you are tired and feel like tearing up things—Drop in the union to relax and enjoy yourself. "Weary days’’ will be less frequent if you visit the Union at least once a day.
JhiL fiundusL ^yyimuftiaL UnJmL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Andres' Thirteenth Inning Double Breaks Up Contest; Mangas Pitches
Bloomington, Ind., May 13.—(Special)—Ernest Andres, Indiana’s second baseman, smashed a double down the third base line in the thirteenth inning-today, scoring pitcher Bill Smith ahead of him to beat the Boilermakers, 3 to 2 and take the Big Ten lead. Indiana scored twice in the first, but Purdue came back in the fifth to tie the score on double^ by Stamm and Mangas and '■■■ '■■■" Nill’s error.
Purdue Pistol Team Ends Season With Undefeated Record
All-Campus Horseshoe Singles Men please sign up on the I-M bulletin board. Pay dime fee to enter. —CLEVETT.
By J. S. Brown Purdue’s pistol team has added another record to its list. Tuesday, Pistol Coach Captain W. L. Kay received the results of the squad’s last collegiate match of the year against Ohio State, in which the Boilermakers came out victorious to give them their second season of straight wins in recent years. In the last four years the Gold and Black team has lost only two meets. A glanc6 at the records shows that of all their season’s matches the Boilermakers won by the widest margin in their last contest against Ohio State. They beat the Buckeyes, 1400-1283. At the same time the frosh of the two schools fired a match, Purdue’s frosh winning, by a score of 1289-1209, piling up a bigger score than did the Buckeye varsity. High Score The results of only one match are still forthcoming, that of the na-tion-wide field artillery ROTC meet. The Boilermakers score of 1272 that is already sent in, is 12 points higher than the score of their highest opponent during the entire year in this type of meet so Captain Kay’s pupils stand a good chance of copping the meet. The freshman team also showed up well winning all of its scheduled meets, one of which was with the varsity of Arkansas State Collegei Captain Kay Explains A question might arise in the minds of some as to how the Purdue squad manages to give such a consistently excellent performance. Captain Kay when asked for his explanation, said “I believe it is due to the fact that we have so much interest shown in pistol here. We have a very large freshman group from which to choose our varsity.” “Over 700 frosh shot in the novice pistol group this last year, so you can see that it is pretty easy to get a few crack shots out of a group of that size. Why we have more men participating in pistol than in any other activity on the campus. “Out of those 700 we only have to ; pick four or five each year to replace those graduating from the varsity. Almost without exception a man once on the varsity stays out for the rest of his time in school.” Contrary to popular belief, it is not necessary that a man on the pistol squad take military training. The pistol team is not affiliated with the military department, but is purely, a University sport. Major and minor letters are awarded, on the basis of meets won.”
Carol Mangas, Purdue senior pitcher, went all the way for the Boilermakers, allowing nine hits but was treated to a slightly better job by Smith, who scored his fourth Big Ten victory in holding Purdue to seven hits. Krause Hits Gwin, Hoosier center fielder, and Krause, Boilermaker catcher, provided the major part of the day’s hitting, both garnering three hits. Andres double was the telling blow, however, and came as his second hit of the day. Support for the pitchers was none too good, with 10 errors being made between the teams. The Indiana shortstop had six errors chalked up against him for the team’s only miscues, while the Purdue errors were divided between Hearne, Mackiewicz, and Thompson, who made two misplays. Choice for the starting assignment against the Hoosiers in the second game of the series tomorz’ow will lie between Arnold Bredewater who has three conference wins, and Stu Heiss.
Box score:
Purdue
AB.
R.
H.
Hearne, 2b
6
0
0
Dean, rf
6
1
0
Stamm, If ...........
6
0
1
Mackiewicz, 3b ...
....t.... 4
0
1
Dickinson, cf
5
0
1
Thompson, ss ....
5
0
0
Waling, lb :..
.5
0
0
Krause, c
5
0
3
Mangas, p
4
1
1
Totals
...... 46
2
7
Indiana
AB.
R.
H.
Gwin, cf
6
0
3
Andres, 2b
.6
1
2
Filchock, 3b
......... 5
1
1
Hobson, rf
..... .. 5
0
1
Becker, If
5
0
1
Clark,, lb
5
0
0
Heldt, c
4
0
0
Nill, ss
3
0
1
Smith, p ..............
3
1
0
Totals
41
3
9
Score by innings: Purdue .... 000 020 000 000—2 Indiana .... 200 000 000 001—3
Frosh Golfers Seek Numerals
Playing an 18 hole round of medal play at the West Lafayette Country Club, freshman numeral candidates will compete for their numeral sweaters today. Twelve men have qualified to play in this final round. In the preliminaries, E. Butler took low score honors with a 141 for 36 holes. R. Hoffer shot a 142 and A. Smith took third with 144. The.first foursome will start froih the clubhouse at 2:30 p. m. Competitors are notified that transportation will be provided, a car leaving from the Fieldhouse at 2 p. me-
SPECIAL SALE of Sport Shirts
Values to $1.00 Now 2 for $1.00
DEWENTER’S 416 Main St.CUIl.
TKE POKPHE ISXlNidMENT
TlotidtA.
National Officers Will Open Wesley Foundation Conference Here Today Dr. Hiel B. Bollinger, national executive secretary of Wesley Foundation, Avill open the. Foundation’s northwest regional conference with ■a talk at the West Lafayette ME church, at 8:80 this morning. At 10:80 a. ni. Jim Ludberg, president of the local Wesley chapter, will lead a discussion on cooperative housing. Mr. Harold Ehrensperger, national director of dramatics on the board of education of the national M. E. Church, will speak on “Dramatics and World Peace” at 1:30 p. m. at the church. Tom Pendall, president of. the national committee of Methodist youth, will address the conference in Fowler Hall at 9:30 a. m. tomorrow. Following this, the main address of the day w'ill be delivered by Rev. T. T. Brumbaugh, dii-ec-tor of the Wesley Foundation of Tokio, Japan, at 10:30 in the church. Complete Plans For Pageant Program Plans were completed at a luncheon meeting recently iri the Union for participation of West Lafayette, Lafayette, and the University in observing the 150th anniversary of the opening of the Northwest Territory. A historical parade on Wednesday afternoon. May 25, and a pageant in Ross-Ade Stadium in the evening are included on the program of events. The historical parade will include covered wagons, ox teams, and floats sponsored by the tovmship organizations. Thirty-six men, all college gi’aduates, recently traveled by foot, boat, and wagon from Ipswich, Mass., to Marietta, 0., reproducing the trail made in 1787-88 by pioneers traveling to the Northwest Territory. These men have been traveling through Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin and Michigan, commemorating the Northwest Territory opening. They will present the pageant in the evening, and will form the center of attraction for the afternoon’s parade. Professor 0. F. Hall, of the department of education and applied psychology, is general chairman for the local group sponsoring the day’s program.
Local Ads
Gilmore Addresses-
In The Churches
Notices
(Continued from page 1)
Tomorrow
No Notlcea Accepted After 8 p.m.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P- Ebershoff,
606 Main street.
FOR SALE—King Vol-True tenor sax. Excellent condition. Call Smith 3301.
FOR RENT — After June 10. Rooms, double or single. Instructors or business men preferred. Phone 46483. 328 West Lutz, West Lafayette.
FOR RENT—Rooms and apartments for summer students, ground floor, reasonable. Phone: 56751.
STUDENTS — Who need room and board during summer. Phone 3753. Mrs. B. P. Fantone.
IIYHX GfiHliG
.ID WEDDING a.MNOUNCEMENTS I ^ m. Prices include Plate, Stock, Stamping, Inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing and Inserting, S Cwyuufed WEDDING INVITATIONS
Presenting a beautiful new Engraved lettering style . . . exquisitely engraved . . . traditionally correct . . . priced for the modest budget and for the thrifty, affluent one. Smart indeed the bride who chooses RYTEX ENGRAVED WEDDING STATIONERY . . . correct in every detail ... as hauntingly beautiful as the Wedding March. Let us show you the complete RYTEX Engraved line. HAYWOOD'S “Everything for the Office" Fifth & Ferry Sts., Lafayette, Ind. PHONE 4085
FOR RENT—^Very desirable three large lower front rooms. Newly decorated. Furnished for light housekeeping. Prefer to rent to students or employed couple. Utilities furnished. 515 N. 7th.
ANYONE—Finding a set of typewritten questions pertaining to wrestling, call E. H. Lederer, 47981.
FOR SALE—Flower shop; two gi-eenhouses, with duplex adjoining, five-car garage; established 22 years; located in central Indiana. Excellent bargain for $3,000 cash, remainder in payments. Address replies to P. 0. Box 225, Lafayette, Indiana.
TO KEEP COOL
Jockeu TRADE MARK * UNDIRWEAR
SummerComfortlnThis Two Piece Underwear 50^ each • Why swelter in this sizzling weather . . . here is the answer to the heat problem. Jo'ckey Underwear by Coopers. The Y-Front construction provides support and a no-gap front opening. No buttons, ho bulk, no bind-hence, no squirmingl Don't dive into a pool to keep cool . . . dive into (store name) today and invest in summer comfort.
LO EB & H E NE COMPANY Men's Furnishings
Ghi, who told how Purdue, without a journalism school, merited a chapter. Then Don Hoover, author of “Copy,” and president of the northern Indiana SDX alumni chapter, introduced Gilmore, speaker of the evening. Newspaper Day started at noon with an informal luncheon in the Union reception room. At 1 o'clock ' the journalists met in rooms 1 and 2 for shop talk, and round table discussions. “The Weekly” “The Weekly of Today and Tomorrow,” was discussed by R. A. Brodhecker of the Brownstown Banner, and C. E. Van Valer of the Gas City Journal, who employ different systems of news coverage in their papers. Managing editor Gy Parker of the LaPorte Herald-Argus, and Earl Mushlitz of the Indianapolis Star, gave the group their ideas on “Tomorrow’s Daily.” Herbert Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette Journal and Courier, conducted a “Symposium on Opportunities in Journalism” with the assistance of Edwin V. O’Neel, of the Hagerstown Exponent and George W. Purcell of the Bloomington World.
Sf-. john's Episcopal Morning service at 10:45. Sermon by the Rector. All Episcopal students are invited to join in a picnic with the Presbyterian students meeting at the Union Building at 3 p. m. Maximum price 25 cents each.
Thomas Say EntomoloKical Society: Annual picnic Saturday, May 14. Meet in front of Agricultural Hall at 1 p. m. —FAVINGER.
Soturday, May 14^ 1938
Scriveners and PfedirMt'Me^nk’Sunday evening May 16 at 7:46 p. m. at 816 University street. Bring mantucripts. —JUSTIN. Playshop Workers: Turn jn' lisf of equipment needed ;for next year Witiil any suggestion for improving the organisation by noon Saturday, May 14. —GLOVER.
Student Senate Members: Communicate intentions of attending banquet Monday, May 16 to Robert Hoffer. Call 3282. —HOFFER.
Playshop Board: Important reorganization meeting in theater office in Fowler Hall at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, May 14. Will Milne, Small, Robinson', Glover, Brenman, McKee, please be thqre. —MILNE.
Forestry Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 17, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. —GLAZEBROOK.
Agronomy Students aiid Faculty: Picnic Saturday, May 14, at Soils and Crops Grove. Party leaves at 2:30 p. m. from in front of Ag Hall. Wear old clothes. -FLANAGAN.
Central Presb'^terian Group discussion led by Dr. Graves at 9:30. Subject, “The New Society.” Morning worship at 10:46. Sermon by the pastor, Dr. Graham, Subject “The Best Things You Wish For.” In the afternoon, the Sunday Evening Club will join in a picnic at Camp Tecumseh, meeting at the Union Building at 3 p. m.
Dairy Club: Picnic Saturday, May 14, at 2 p. m., south end of Russell Field. —MYERS. Camera Club Members: All members having outstanding accounts for supplies and darkroom fees and who have not contacted me, please come to the Union office Saturday, May 14, between 4 and and 6 p.m. —SAMUELSON.
Purdue Motorcyclists: No meeting this week. Regular ride Sunday morning. May 16, at 10 o’clock at Airport. —GLENN.
Purdue Engineer: All sophomores and freshmen report for work on 'page proof at 1:00 p. m. Saturday, May 14. —SQUIRES.
AIChE: Meeting Monday, May 16 in room 129 of the EE Building. C. R. Tufts, Edison Storage Battery Co., vice-president, will present movies at 7:30 P. M. —GRIFFENHAGEN.
PIA Beginners and Advanced Dance Classes: Dance will be held Friday, May 20, at 9 p. m. in Duncan Hall. You will be admitted upon presentation of your dance class card. —CLYMER.
.Pi Tau Sigma: The golf match with the faculty has been postponed until Thursday, May 19. Meet at 4 p. m. on that day in' front of the Mechanical Building. Twen-ty-one men are needed so call me at 2004 if you wish to play. —McCauley.
Eta Kappa Nu: New members can' get their certificates any time Monday. (6-16) . —HALE.
Senior Military: Seniors may get their pictures by calling at Hinea’s Studio. (6-17) —PICKERING. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in rpdih A of the 'Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. on Tuesday, May 17. —WINTER.
Lawn Mowers, Sprinklers, Fertilizer, Seeds, Hose SPERB mmwkm 822 Main St.
Some one has put it this way— ■ 1 “What little I spend to keep my clothes clean makes my clothing budget go much farther.” Crown Cleaning does save your clothes.
F I N E C L E A N E It S O F F I N E CLOT H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
HAYS JEWELEY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
• the Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H.G.HE!S£IER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professiogiai The Ride Dent<xl Clmic DK. PAUL A. KISK DB. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBBRT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M, IRION DENTIST 119y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop • ,1 Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ Office Stationery ,
Wedding Invltationi
PHONE - Sales Book., Etc..., 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed—-Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayefle
Jewelry
R. J, BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block .322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop 'In tha VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Guesswork is out!
Your cars 'won't be risked with guesswork. You can trust our skilled mechanics to find and correct faults with accuracy and precision. If your car needs repair work and checking, you'll be satisfied with our excellent service without a doubt. Call anytime for super-ser'vice.
Peter Anderson Co. You, JFe Come Firs!” 525 Alabama Phone 4048
I
4
J
■■.d
»a|
I