Xolts
FounM In 1889
X/pjQ4ie4i/L m Daily ShiM 1906
Track Fant^l^ Ten Ticketa—50e
Volume 52# No. 126
West Iicdayette# Indiana
Saturday# March 1# 1941
BAHLES HOOSIERS TONIGHT
Seniors Last Chance To Even
Too Rigorous, Groups Will Present Three-year Series of Games
Vichy^Holds Convo On Tuesday
1941 Varsity Show Jap Demands University Musical
Announces Tryouts For'CollegeWidow' Need Cast- Of Over 200 For Flay By George Ade Tryouts for Varsity Show production, “The College Widow,” by George Ade, famous alumnus of the ■class of *87, will begin at 4:00 o’clock Friday, March 7, in the Tower Room and room 363 of the Union. There will be a registration desk in the second floor main hallway where aspirants are asked to register. They will be directed to the various tryout rooms from there. Auditions -will continue until 6:46 o’clock and lor those who are unable to come then, additional tryouts will be held at 7:30 o’clock the same evening and after 3 o’clock Saturday afternoon.
Cast Of Two Hundred
A cast of over two hundred members is to be chosen for this rollicking comedy, a reminiscence of the hurly-burly days of the early 1900’s. It was in 1904 that George Ade wrote the comedy, “The College Widow,” having in mind his •own college days at Purdue. This play, known to some under the name, “Leave it to Jane” (Jerome Ream’s musical interpretation of it) made two highly successful runs on Broadway, one shortly after it was written and the other about two decades later, in the early ’20’s. It is to be revived now in honor of George Ade, who is spending the winter in Florida, having passed his seventy-fifth anniversary February 9th. Royalty fees have been gen-
erously waived by Mr. Ade.
Mixed Chorus
For this production, there will be dancing, musical and speaking parts. An Ed’s and Co-ed’s chorus of approximately sixty voices each, a mixed group of about thirty dancers, twenty-two speaking parts and some additional fill-in roles are available for those trying out. Among the characters included are Peter-Witherspoon, AM, PhD, the College President; Silent Miuphy, huge ox of a man brought over from the Monon Shops to play center on the team and Daniel Tibbetts, longmustached Town Marshal, who eventually succumbs to college
pranks.
More Cast Also in the cast are Bessie, the physical Ed girl; Flora, the town flapper; Mrs. Primly Dalzell, the (Continued on page 3)
SPECIAL RADIO
To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Vichy, Feb. 28—^Though France would permit Thailand to get away with a certain amount of blackmail in her demands on Indo-China, as indicated in her willingness to cede frontier regions in south Luangprabang and part of Laos, on the right bank of the Mekong River, the latest demands submitted through the Japanese mediators are described as entirely impossible.
Last Effort
These new demands, handed to Vichy on Tuesday, and described in the Japanese press as “a last effort,” demands all of Luangprabang and large slices of Laos and Cambodia, including the town of Battanbang, nearly up to the famous temple of Ankgor, it is reported.
Vichy Stiffens Attitude
Indeed, the French attitude toward the Far Eastern situation has stiffened considerably during recent dajfs and at the moment a possible rupture of the Tokyo conference with a renewal of the Franco-Thai war—^broken off by the signature of the armistice, Jan. 31—is not excluded here. Thailand is reported to have committed 20 violations of the
armistic terms thus far.
The French have recently reinforced their aviation in -Indo-China, but consider that, with the Japanese Navy in the Gulf of Siam, their naval strength in that region is
handicapped.
U. S. Help Asked On Oct. 3 America’s help was sought last
Oct. 3, but the French appeal resulted only in the advice: Use the Bearn airplanes (reference to 100odd American-made fighters and dive bombers which were brought to Martinique after the Franco-Ger-man armistice, aboard the aircraft
carrier Beam, and taken ashore). That advice, unfortunately, is
impossible to follo\y because the armistice compels France to obtain German permission to utilize those
war craft.
Band# Choir# Orchestra# Glee Club On Program The University Symphonic Band, Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club, and the University Orchestra will combine under conductors Paul S. Emrick, Albert P. Stewart, and Joseph M. Ragains to produce the yearly all-campus talent musical concert as a convocation feature next Tuesday night at 8 o’clock in the Hall of
Music.
Many individual performances are made by all of these groups each year, but only once are they all presented in one concert as students and townspeople will see and hear
them next Tuesday night.
“Spots” Starts It
From the first movement of “Spots” Emrick’s baton in leading the Symphonic Band in the four movements of Haydn’s Symphony No. 11, G Major “Military,” to the grand finale of the “Italian Street Song” by the Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club, and University Orchestra, the program will consist of musical treats that will delight any
music lover.
American^allad
A campus premiere of “The Ballad For Americans,” a musical story of the ideals of our nation, and their development, with Wallace Woodrow, ME ’41, as baritone soloist, will be given by the Concert
Choir.
Vernon Westburg, EE ’41, Con-cert-master of the University Orchestra, will play two violin solos: “Czardas” by Monti and “Ziegeun-
erweisen” by Sarasate.
Gypsy Group
In the Gypsy Caravan Group, soloists from the Concert Choir will be heard. They incldde Alberta Schmadel, soprano, who does the solo part in “Gypsy Air” by Sergei, and Marvin Smith, tenor, who singes the solo in “Giannina Mia” from “The Firefly” by Friml.
Frosty Sprawl
Today
... is the last day for seniors to join the AIEE without payment of national initiation fees of $10, according to an announcement received last night from President
Wise
Research Fellowships In Chem Pave Way For New Discoveries
Maestro Jurgens Chats With Reporter Amid Bdihops And Band Instruments
By Peggy Howard
Frbm the radio behind the hotel desk came the soothing tunes of Jurgen’s recording, “A Million Dreams Ago,” lulling us into a blissful reverie. Then where all had been quiet before a scurry of bellhops, a parade of men with musical instruments, and finally the maestro himself. Dick Jurgens, the man we had waited all afternoon to see, had
finally arrived in town!
Grabbing my pencil and my girl friend who had come along for moral support, I dashed up to Dick and the next thing I knew he waO sitting between us on a very comfortable couch answering the ques-
tions we hurled at him. Recognizes Recording
“Why that’s my recording that’s being played,” he said in an astonished voice as we assured him that Jurgen’s records wore played quite often in Indiana. Speaking of records, Dick assured us that of all his recordings the one just mentioned was his own favorite and the most popular as well. However Dick thinks that “San Antonio Rose” will soon pass his favorite In record sales. Oh yes, we thought jrou might be interested to know that that new Jurgen’s favorite “Morn-
ing on the Farm” was recorded only
day before yesterday.
But now for something about Dick himself. He is a California boy, having attended the University of California where he received his degree in music. He has been play-, ing music about eighteen years, and he formed his band eleven years ago. The maestro enjoys playing
trumpet, drums, and i>iano. Four Years At Arag<m
The Jurgen’s band has been playing at the Aragon in Chicago for the last four years and is returning today after their engagement here. The most requested song at the Aragon seems to be “1 Hear A Rhapsody,” according to Dick. During their stay at the Aragon, the band has had many one night engagements at college affairs such as the Cotillion. Dick likes to play for college dances very much and is very happy about being asked to come here. Among the other colleges where the band has appeared recently are Notre Dame, University of Wisconsin, Northwestern University, Vanderbilt, and Duke. In speaking of the ASCAP-BMI
(Continued on page 8)
By Don Brophy
' “Nitration Process Discovered At Purdue Brings Synthetic Proteins Nearer” reads the headlines on one of the lead stories of the Indianapolis News one evening in the Spring of 1939. With this simple journalistic fanfare the world-at-large was notified of another important discovery from the University’s chemical research laboratories. The Associated Press’ scientific editor, Howard Blakeslee, capie to Purdue to cover the lead. A few days later a fine news-fea-ture on the results of many months of labor and experiment on the nitration process appeared in all of the nation’s large daily newspapers. Chemical Contributions Publicity similar to this is not unfamiliar to the University chemistry department. During the last decade this department has contri^ted much to the advancement of chemical research in the United States. Today it is recognized as one of the outstanding university chemical schools in the country. The chemistry staff lists 129 employees on its payroll, taking the lead as the largest staff in the University. Industrial Recognition Industry has also recognized the outstanding projects in the research field completed by the chemical department’s research staff. Witness of this is the great number of research fellowships that are given to the department each year by leading chemical industrial organizations. At present 32 members of the department are working on these (Continued on page 2)
Don Blanken
Big Ten Track Meet Tickets Now On Sale
Students who wish to attend the Big Ten Indoor Track Meet, held in the Fieldhouse next week-end, may obtain special rate tickets at the Fieldhouse ticket office. These tickets are on sale for 60 cents and are good for both the preliminaries and the finals. Passports must be presented at the time of purchase^nd at the time of use. Admission for the general public will be 66 cents and $1.00.
Mickey Isley's Band Returns To Campus For Mixer Tonight Tonight in the north ballroom of “the Union, Mickey Isley and his orchestra will parade their melodies for the regular Saturday night mixer. His “Distinctive Dance Music,” featured on WIND and WBBM, comes to the campus from Gary to entertain those students not attending the lU basketball game. Lately the band, which features vocalist Martha Nash, has been playing at the Madiera Ballroom in Chicago. Isley returns to the campus after an absence of two years. Isley and his music are to play in front of a backdrop carrying out a first of March theme. A special three dimension shdl, crated for the Cotillion, will be used as a base for the backdrop. • Battle Of Bands At lU Students going to Bloomington will be invited, after the game, to the south side of the lU campus. A battle of bands is to be held in the Union Building with Maury Mahns’ bands representing Purdue, contending with Bob Barnes’ aggregation of Indiana. Barnes represented lU here in a similar dance held after the football game.
By Joe Dolan, Exponent Sports Editor
This evening at 7:30 the Purdue road-show which, for the past three mohths, has been featuring the throwing of leather balls through holes suspended from ceilings throughout the Middle-West, is billed to perform at Bloomington, Indiana, competing against a representation of that city’s university, who also excel in the goal-throwing art. That is, they excelled in
it up until less than a week ago.
______________________ This Indiana - Purdue basketball
dog-fight, last word in this state’s heralded hsrsteria, currently known as “fire wagon” basketball, will be staged before 6,300 fans unless more room is found in the rafters.
Two Objectives
For the Hoosiers of Indiana, the ■game holds two objectives: If they win and Wisconsin loses to Minnesota, who defeated the Badgers by 18 points earlier in this season, the Cream and Crimson will share the title of conference champions. Tbe other reason the Hoosiers “are just dying for a win” is that if'the McCracken coached club conquers, the seniors of the team will graduate with a record of four wins and only two losses against Purdue Competition, bettering the mark of the 1908 Indiana team which scored a 3-2 advantage over Purdue.
Competition
But Purdue’s seniors are just as desirous of a win as are the host team. IL Purdue wins, her seniors will be able to point to a 3-3 count over three seasons of competition. And Boilermakers all are out to avenge a little score of being defeated twice last season Iqr the Hoosiers, something that was quite the mutation in Purdue basketball
history.
Only Three Seniors Purdue has only three seniors making the trip for their las! Jaunt as Gold and Black defenders. They are Captain Bob Igney, Paul Pauline and Red Swarts. For the Hoosiers, the game marks that last iqn>carance of Jay McCreary, Bill and Bob Menke, Bob Dro, Chet Itencis, Eterman Schaefer, ^ Tom Motter and James Gridley. Dream Team? Those Indiana seniors inenticaied were called the dream team beftHre this season started, and appeared te be just that, until Roman BUstory caught up with the real star of tike club, Curley Armstrong, a great floor leader and consistent scorer. Curley was declared ineligible before the Purdue contest and there on, Indiana’s team wmit to
blazes.
However loss or no loss, .toidgiiPjB battle tosses all records to the winds, as good prestige is at stak^ and figures mean about as much tu the participants as such objects mean to the treasurer of the natimu
Jurgens Draws 850 Couples; Honorary Announces Pledges The pledging of 36 freshmen to Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, was announced to 860 couples at the annual Sophomore Cotillion last night in the Union ballrooms. Dick Jurgens and his orchestra furnished the music for the occasion. The name of .the freshman representing each of the campus fraternities was announced following the grand march at 11 o’clock. Thirteen sports and activities are represented among the new pledges. Twelve men are Exp<ment workers, while three are bandsmen, three Union workers, and three active in Debris work. Baseball, basketball and football managing and the Zouaves are the activities also represented, and football, squash, swimming and basketball the sports. The new pledges are: Frank E. Skinner, Acacia; Sam Stevens, Alpha Chi Rho; Dale E. Butz, Alpha Gamma Rho; Bob Sherman, Alpha (Continued on page 3) Union Presents Classical Music Program Tomorrow A classical music program to be presented entirely by University students tomorrow afternoon from 4 to 5 will feature the first “Instrumental Variety Hour” of the semester. Sponsored by Student Union, the program will be held at the Music Room of the Union and will be similar to the afternoon concerts that became popular earlier in the
year.
Featured musicians will be Vernon 'Westberg, Phyllis Baker, Paul Seehausen, and Eugene Kinelski, comprising a string quartet; Robert Bond, Merle Anderson, and Donald Frierwell, trumpet l^o; Angelo Castellan!, pianist; and Barbara Heide who will play the marimba.
w.e.r.
Gold Peppes Name Dunn For Bid Dance Deacon Dunn and his orchestra from University of Hlinois have been signed to play for the annual CMld Peppers’ dance in the Union ballroom Friday, March 21, aecordUng to an announcement by Ge<ngia Carroll, president of eo-ed acthdties honorary. The dance wilt be the first all-campus co-ed Idd dance of the semester. In keying with one of the moat popular subjects of the Ay the affhlr wiH be a “draft dance.” On* entering the ballroom the dancers will each receive a number. Later in the evening tiie new Gold pledges will^be announced afb«r their numbers have been aeletiiad at a fake draft drawing. Augusta HRe, in et ticink sales, has announced that will go on sale !Dieaday at all tb* sorority bovnes, retidu^ Mlt and tbo Union west desk. ThedaneewOI be informal and tickets wUl adt for one dollar, aur.w.ir f
Saturday* Mordb 1. Id41
fiuMdwL Sxponud,
■'/if ^ fe-
.The Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
You know, there have been some funny fhtngs going on around here. For Instance, this Dick PIttengerRuth Bryant recent split-up. If srouni remember, Dick used to go with a gal by the name of Betty Erkk. Now, it just so happens that this Httk gal is playing opposite him in the recent production of Playshop. We're not making any inferences, but Dick and Ruth didn’t have any trouble, until Playshop rehearsals began. You can Jump to your own conclusitms. Another thing we don’t understand is this Nancy Cooper, Gordon Peterson business. That guy must have infinite resistance, because he’s had two glamour gals work out on him in the person of Kappa Ginny Sommers and Nancy, and he hasn’t lost his jewelry yet. What do you think? Heard where Irv Given and his orchestra won the campus popularity poll conducted over at Cary Halls. We’re inclined to agree with the bo3rB over there and have been wondering why we don’t see more of Irv. He deserves more of a break on some of these doings than he’s been getting. Ah, a story of frustrated love. When Phi Psi Dick Renn was dating that old heartbreaker, Betty Ann McCreary, he made the big mistake of busring a sweetheart pin hoping to put it where it belonged. Well, as the old story goes, they went thehr separate ways. So, Dick has an unused sweetheart pin on his hands, and is looking for an appropriate place to put it. Right now he’s working on Ann Garland and Gayle Beeswy. Maybe he’ll find somebody to take it yet.
AN EASTER GIFT Your Portrait by OLAN MILLS STUDIO CaH Today for an Appointment DI^L 3413 DIAL 3413
Starts TOMORROW Mart "OHr JOHNNt'^ BONNIE ond tucker •«
YOU RE THE one' A ranmoifni fldw* wMi ^ JSRRY COLONNA ' IIUIAH CORNEU ALBERT DEKKER Edward Evwrell HORTON TEDDY HART UraOM by Italpli Mnyliy
^~LAST TIMES TODAY-
MimivMfiimNite
VMffelimtitt /■
riws. KUCttaUL • Urn HUSTEII
9tL JtuL QhwtduiA.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday program at Lafayette Christian Church, Sixth and North Streets. 9:30—Student class. Prof. J. R. Leevy of the Sociology Dept., will teach on the subject, “Recreation and Christian Living.” 10:49—Church ^orship service. Doyle Mullen will preach. The sermon title is; “Growing A Conscience.” 4:46—Speaking choir practice at 126 Chauncey. | 6:00—10c supper at 126 C^uncey. (Note change in time.) Remain there for recreation and worship parts of Forum program. 7:30—Leave 126 Chauncey in a body for the Union Bldg. Paul Moritz, student ambassador to China, will speak before union meeting of various Foundations. Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia & Chauncey Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor of Students. 9:80 a. m. Roger Williams Club class. Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. m. Church worship. Installation of Roger Williams Club cabinet. Sermon: “Our Covenant With God." Music: Anthem, “My God And I”; solo, “I’ll Go Anywhere You Want Me To Go,” Virginia Ulrey. 5:30 p. m. Rogers Williams Club Fellowship. Supper at 6:00 p. m. 6:30 p. m. Twenty-four from Brooks House at Hammond, rei»esenting fourteen different nationalities will sing and speak.^ The director of Brooks House, Rev. John Hestenes will also speak.
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
rcnu rcfiOA
-AND<
ALSO-
'WINNERS OF THE WEST/' Serial
SUNDAY - MONDAY MARYLAND PRIVATE AFFAIRS SPORT SHORT SUBIECT
LUMA SUN - MON. — 2 HITS
n* hnuih$l lovm CMMC^ $tac* 'NAiofcMoi'
wt.nni% tsKwl puiu UIMM Cbotade" Oscar Ftlix Eva lOMOLKPBBESSART'MOEN A^^elKt^ty/| Mayor ncTuu
ALSO-
HUGH HERBERT
tAMkOMMiMl LASTDAY —2HITSI BORIS KARLOFF IK "THE DEVIL COMMANDS" also THREE MESUITEERS IN 'COVERED WAGON DAYS'
Dick Jurgens. (Continued from page 1) feud, Jurgens commented that though it did limit their songs over the air, the situation certainly did help the young “unknown” song wrifeenu Of course, all the time that Dick was sitting there answering our questions I was spending my time looking at him, for he certainly is worth looking at. Over six feet In heigth with curly brown hair and laughing eyes (especially laughing at our questions) Mr. Jurgens certainly presents a handsome appearance. After running out of questions and breath, we decided it was time to leave; so with a sigh we walked out of the Fowler and back into old Lafayette.
tianity and Democracy” led by Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m. Paul Moritz, a graduate of Kansas University, who has lately returned from a visit to the colleges of China and Japan will speak. 6:00 p. m. The Sunday Evening Club will meet for supper and discussion. The program is in charge of the commission on state and'^national affairs. All students are invited to join in the fellowship.
University Presbyterian Church Noith Sti’eet at Grant Street Rev. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster Foundation 9:30 a. m. The discussion group will continue the topic of “Chris-
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m. Co-ed class, “Life of Christ.” Men’s class, “Spiritual Opportunities in Lent.” 10:40 a. m. Church service. Sermon by Dr. Steele on “The Divine Surprise.” 6:00 p. m. Fellowship period at the church led by George Bixler and Eva Goodenough. 6:30 p. m. Talks by Jim Ludberg, Lome Doud and others on “The Cold, Cold World.” Phyllis Hyde, chairman. 7:15 p. m. Worship service led by Ivan Meyers. 7:46 p. m. United Service in the Faculty Lounge in honor of the WSSP. Paul Moritz, speaker.
Episcopal Students St. John’s Church 6th and Ferry Reverend R. F. Thornton, pastor 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m. Holy Communion “Choral” and sermon. 6:00 p. m. Seabuiy Society at University Presbyterian Church.
Tea Dance
. . . sponsored by Student Union will be held next Tuesday in the North Ballroom of the Union from 4-6:46 p. m. All students are invited.
MiW
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
m
bner Bu«d 04 United Funin Comic by A1 Capp
and featuring
SADIE HAWKINS DAY... it's a
— TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE I'M STILL ALIVE WITH KENT TAYLOR ‘ LINDA HAYES L.PLUS
Mon«y ond t-he Woman WITH JEFFREY LYNN BRENDA MARSHALL
Destiny And Destitution Many times throughout the year solicitors of one sort or another cross the average person’s path. Some seek donations for worthwhile charities; other are merely looking for donations. Panhandling comes under the latter classification. , Depending uponjone’s viewpoint, the World Student Service Fund drive which begins on Sunday falls somewhere within this large group. Thfere will arise within the minds of some, a great many doubts as to the worthiness of this cause. How can we possibly expect to alleviate any of the hardships of the students who are being denied the privileges of studying and even eating a hearty meal? That same question occurred to us shortly after a committee was formed to carry on the drive. It looks like too big a problem for us to tackle and expect to get any results. But the other day we had that question answered very pointedly by Prof. Louis Sears who is the faculty member on the committee. Professor Sears gave us an insight into his philosophy when he began his answer to ouz question by saying that whenever some charitable causes, worthy or unworthy, crossed his path of life he felt that some unseen hand had so ordained it and that he therefore felt some obligation to do what he could. He added that he was fully aware that in a great many cases his donations did nothing to allay the stress of poverty for the world at large but that for the individual and for that particular moment he had helped. ~ Here was a discovery for those of us who are accustomed to selfishness and greed and who have long ago forgotten the story of the Good Samaritan. Here was Charity personified—^the giving of one’s own goods that the life of another might be made brighter even if only for the moment. Applied to the WSSF, the proponents of this philosophy have the satisfaction of knowing that somewhere in some prison camp or in some war-torn country a fellow student will feel the hand of providence reach out and lift him temporarily out of his despair, with a well chosen book or, if the need is more urgent, a bit of food or clothing. The misery and suffering of the world will not be made any less by the work of the WSSF anymore than the seas can be emptied by dipping it out with buckets. But somewhere a few scattered persons will renew their faith in humanity and will be encouraged to renew the struggle that is life. That funds collected by WSSF will reach the needy students of the world is vouched f^r by a large group of prominent people who are not accustomed to attach their names to unworthy causes. Actual distribution of the money in the form of needed articles will be done through the international groups of the YMCA and the
The Purdue Exponent
■ntertd m olua aMtter ■t’UM root oeiM tai IaIndiun, WMkr th« Mt at Cmwwm at Ma*ak 3, UTS. Ul4 •« Mte of pooUno pwtlM for ta iurtlao IIW, aot of Oetobor 3,1317. ontlwrtMi AuMMurr M. IMt. PnMHM ionr oMtpi Moador dtttiHt *o M>«lor owidfilo jroor oad wotklr duiliw tko tn—nr BomIoiv
OoUroMi hooBr Ir oonior lor 18.03
•oripHts 33.30 MHordMarfol,
INmImio Mo—pit..,
par p—r, omU rabJIL W. Do—h—
FeMicMiee Staff
Mo—Pina Ui«ar~
.... M. MoKm JK IL HoW*
aggoeloto Bditont M. A. Oobiie—^ J. A. >—^1, L. W.
Bnffnor, IL M. MinUcrnp. i. U ^tanpolL
Bapiwa— Staff
I—I Advwtkinp Mo—pmi 0. •> Powm, O. 0. London; Pwwaotl— Ma—per, C. P. Dowplr—dn; Aooonata g—HgeiVjLjr—odtordl Cirenlowni M—apif. D. M.
Ca-pd Staff
, ,, - ,,,,,,, rT---iii_Pf4% PilDBOB AnoOlnto Bditoni Muqr X«r MlUor, Xnlh Dooo, Dob—
•fc—.
Sparit Staff
■Mtor„ — P. Dolon A—MlntO Sdhon: 1. P. Adoanon, P. C. Jib—on. K. O.
twnin.
HMa-t Idllariai 4005; BaalaaM 50M;
Spofti279l
Bopmoatod for —tional advertialBp bp Kotioaol AdnrUfian Scrrloob Ino.. CoUoso PubliilMn Boptoi—tatlroo, 430 a A—.. Mow York. N. Y. Staff Par Thb Itoea
Sporto Bd.: Adamson Bditor BdKori Bose
Staff: B. G. Smith, W. E. Rafert, K. A. KloBSoa, 3. D. Smith, F. A. Klumpe, V. M. Barson, M. A. Flannatan, P. ]& Burkbprdt, A. R. Wotsley, C. R. McIntosh, Fickle,
Kolb, J. F, Amos.
Nitht Editor: Nordlintor Issue Editor: Ruff nor
The ^th Columil
Yesterday’s front pages carried the news of all the boys and girls to receive Oscars from the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences. So today, in complete accord with this practice, we, the Academy of Easy Chair Strategists, are also making our awards tq the most prominent players In the theatre of war. Each and every one will receive one of our spedat, genuine... Resounding razsberries. * * * Our first razzberrie goes to Herr Adolph who in his production of “World War II” turned in what will more than likely be accepted by the whole world as .. . A superb imitation of Charlie Chaplin. * * * Our one and only criticism might be that in the role of the great dictator - .. He slightly over-does it. * * * Second in line is no less than the great II Duce himself to whom we proudly piesent the award for the best supporting role of the year for his meritorious work . . . ife ^ iit \ Or there’s no place like Rome. ♦ Hi * Instigating a new department, we also nominate FDR for candidate to swipe the title of the great profile. He’s got his nose in everything. YWCA, organizations that are immune to interference even in the dictator countries. Here then is an opportunity to reach out to fellow students, those of our own kind, and help them to keep their chins up.
"PRIVATE SECRETARY, HUH? ... THE NEXT THINQ YOUXL BE TELLING ME IS YOU HAVE TO WORK NIGHTS!"
Chem Department (Continued from page 1) fellowships, A research fellowship usually consists of a grant of a certain sum of money by a commercial organization or a private individual to a college chemistry department for investigation of a certain chemical problem. This problem is assigned to one or two men who spend their time in experimentation and compilation of important data on different phases of the subject. During the time of experimentation the industrial “angel” or sponsor finances, by his grant, the cost of this research. Almost all of the “fellows” working on the problem use any facts and discoveries they come across as material upon which they may base a Doctor of Philosophy thesis. The backer of the research has full authority to claim the benefits of any important discoveries uncovered while he is sponsoring the project. Explanation Of Work It is this important work of chemical research fellowships with which the Exponent intends to acquaint the student body. This aim will be carried out in a series of feature stories that will appear at regnilar intervals in the Exponent in the near future. We believe that the work being done by Dr. Hass, head of the chemistry department, and his colleagues is not only of interest to the students of the University, but also of vital importance. Many of the fellowships now being ufidertaken will carry much weight and import in the lives of everyone.
Another invention concerns a woman’s hat which the inventer claims may be readily converted into twelve distinct styles.4 A 1
»,)/ ,»isi j S',
PjujubaL ^xpatiiutt
Sotutdoy. VbaA 1, 1941
fia0a, 3- 9lei£oi^
Notices
C»talf»l Ctab: Eketion of pledge* at Obeiakol w>d llet^azgj^BnlldinK at 7 p. ao^ ]Im«Ii i. flSsn ap m.j>w pa»^ fik raKl^eir* oftke Hefora Friday •ttevMOOiib «wr»iPv». ^BERGSTKiyr. MAIMmii *t CaadHiaa* ia Biialteh and 8p«*<li» Bgiaiaation* will be beld la room 1«1 of the Sdocatioa tmUdiOK Batatday. MaMh M, at j ». M —OWBiat. An Oa^t 'Wio** waatiac TWCA ealK teet pMitleha for aeat year ,*lioidd jmA petMoaa tm Mia* Bryaat or Htaa C<«lidg* before llaHdi 19. —BEYANT. Bevietr Cl****« In Bndliht The Mlo^nc «la*M wfll be held: Graauaar, of Febmary M{ PonetaathHii, week of Fd^ary 94 5 filing, wedt of Mareb 9. YW ^ all be gbrea in room 111 of TJnIvexstty Hall at 6 •> m. aoii » » p. «. —CREEK. All BMdeat*: Interested in playing in a symphony orchestra call 41961, or leave your .name, address and telepbone num^r in the '^PIA Mac at the east desk of the Union addressed to me. —SMUIiEVITZ. Stadenta With C or 1 grades: Examinp tions for the removal of C or I grades in History, Government or Economies will be given foturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. In room 818 of the Recitation building. Applications should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation BuiMina. TOowisv —ESTBY. Biology Stadents: EhcaminatioBB for the removiB bf C and I grades wlR be held in Coulter Hall Saturday, March 1, at I p. m. —BKDER8. Ag Students: Interested in heari^ Professor IR B. Bart speak at finders Hotel in Indianmxdis Mareb 8 on "Nutrltutional Vdue of Bntterfat versus Vegetable Oils should make reservations with W. K. Mosety, 818 BeQninoy Street before Saturday, Hardi 1.
issue of AlChfi Bulletin will alto be dis* tributed. —MASSEY.
FrediMMi Engineers: Students assigned to Eimineerlngt Le^res dill report Saturddy, March 1, by schools as follows: tboM whose names begin with A-E, room i8», Electrical Building; F-K, room 201, Civil Building; 1.-B, Room IDl, Michael Golden Shops; GkZ, room 264, Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
ttUUI FaundatiOtf: See what you hnpw ftbout cnrreiii events At oui* ^^Informaiton Please” meetiM; this Sunday, March 2, in room 868 of the Union. Meeting starts at 6:80 and a short but important business meeting will precede the program. _ —WOLF.
Removal of Conditions fo GB 11 and GE 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Golden shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. -RISING.
Surveying (CE 9): Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, March 16. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. —LOMMEL
Union Workers: There will be a meeting of all freshman and sophomore workers in the Union office at 1 p. m Saturday, March 1. —HOFFEE
W8SF: All workers! Get workers* info sheets—^fnll data on campaign—^from WSSF office, room 68 Union, at once, verbajtum —BELCHER.
WSSF: Workers conference with Paul Moritz 2.30 p. m. Sunday, March 2, in Union reception room Q. —BELCHER
Union Workers: Meeting of all freshman and sophomore workers at 1 o’clock Saturday, March 1 —HOFFER
Scabbard and Blade Actives: Meeting on Tuesday, March 4, at 7:80 p. m. in room 366 of Union Dance bids will be passed out, —MEESE
Glee Club, Concert Choir and University Orchestra: Rehearsal for Tuesday’s convo Saturday, March 1, at 4 o’clock, —STEWART
Skull And Gf^escent (Goitiiliued from page 1> Kappa Lambda; Jim Gentles, Alpha Sigma Phi; Miles Stettenbehz, Alpha Tan Omega; Walt Rafert, Beta Si^ma Psi; Frank HemmleFt Reta Theta Pi; Robert B. ClifTord, Delta Chi. Gilbert Chapman, Delta Tau Delta; Kenneth Roquemore, DdtB Upsilon; Donald Corp, Kappa Delta Rho; Miller Nourse, l^ppa Sigma; Don Johnson, Lambda Chi Alpha; Phil Edward, Phi Delta Theta; Cortland Nelson, Phi Gamma Delta. Dean Bouton, Phi Kappa; Bob Mclntsire, Phi Kappa Psi; Bill McKee, Phi Kappa Sigma; Bill Hodapp, Phi Kappa Tau; ^win Carpick, Phi Sigma Kappan; Bill Fleming, Pi Kappa Alpha; Miles Swartz, Pi Kappa Phi; Bob Wilson, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Malvern Schweig, Sigma Alpha Mu; Allen Menke, Sigma Chi. John D. Smith, Sigma Nu; Bill Stuart, Sigma Phi Epsilon; Robert Allemang, Sigma Pi; Jerome Golden, Tau Epsilon Phi; Robert Hajzyk, Tau Kappa Epsilon; David Ochiltree, Theta Chi; P. Douglas Baker, Theta Tau; Art Woods, Theta Xi; and William Hoskins, Triangle. j.h.a.
All Ca ads : Those interested in being in the WAA Oonncil sign up at the Memorial gymnasium by Tuesday, Maroh 4. —WESTOVER. Kappa Delta Pi: An open meeting scheduled for Wednesday, March 6, in room 201 of the Bdaeatdon Building at 8 p. m. All junior and aenfor education students are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teachers and tbeiy Jobs, —^NORQUIST, MB 39 era and I’a: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME SO Ian semester will be given Saturday, Mareb 16, at liira p. ih. in room ME 118. Stademta pluaing to take the examination please not^ me before noon on Iwch 16. —COPE. AlChS Maetlng: Open meeting Wednesday, Iforeh 8, In JEB 129. George M. Fobler will speak on *Development of Low Temperature DIstOlstion Equipment.” The neW
Student Senate: Following Workers please cOme to Senate office Monday, March 3, at 4pm: Jean Brackman, Lois Caldwell, Mary Avis Ikhl, Margaret Meltzer, Joan Sullivan, and Betty Wedge. —PARTENHEIMER
Scriveners: No meeting Sunday evening, Mandi 2. —RIEGLE.
PI A Dance Classes: Advanced class il^ts Thursday, March 6. Beginners, Wednesflay, March 6. —HUMPHREY.
PI Tan Sigma: Important meeting Mondw, March 8, at 4 p. m. in reading room of ME Building Bring unsold tickets and cash. —WIST.
All Lutheran Students: Don’t miss opportuni^ of hearing Dr. Graebner’s lecture this evening at 7 *80 p. m in the West Faculty Lounge —BERG8TEDT
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding maohines, new and uaed. for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of Mrtable typewrhera, $29.76 to $69.69. Qfflee supplies. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. 0. F. Eberriioff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.60 aU night. Phone 2407.
Baptist Club To Install New Cabinet Officers Tomorrow at 10:46 o’clock daring the regular church service of the West Lafayette Baptist church, the annual installation of the new officers of the Roger Williams Club cabinet will be held. The following officers will be Installed: Eugene Byer, Ag. ’42, president; Geraldine Gamer, HE ’43, secretary; Willis Schalliol, ChE ’43, treasurer; Wayne Stephenson, Ag. ’44, assistant treasurer. Later in the evening, at 6:30 o’clock, a deputation team-choir from the Brooks House Community Center of Hammond, Indiana, will present a program for the club. This choir, which is composed of twentyfour members and representing fourteen different nationalities, will sing several selections and three of its members will speak, m.a f. J941 Tryouts (Continued from page 1) grass-widow, reliable chaperon — forever kissing all her “lovely boys,” the college Eds. William Bolton, the football player hero who scores the last minute touchdown to win the game and Jane, daughter of Prexy Witherspoon, play the leading roles. Large Attempt This show, which promises to be the largest ever attempted on this campus, wiir go on the stage for a performance for students with passports only the night of May 1. Taking time out for Open House which begins Gala Week the following evening, May 3, the show will again take to the stage Saturday evening. May 3, for a final performance before townspeople and the Gala Week visitors. Ticket prices for this evening will be announced later, s.g.p.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
e School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
DEAC'S
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th » Main Sts. Phon#5710
Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRIQN DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• jeweler!
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
The gentleman tooting the saxophone is Orrin Tucker, the famous bandleader, who makes his movie debut, together with the band’s singing star, Bonnie Baker, in Paramount’s merry comedy with music, “You’re the One,” which opens Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre. Bonnie and Orrin supply romance as well as rhythm in the picture.
5 0 2 3
3 0 7 1
Witty, wise—^His mind alert, Hep to all the latest dirt. Always the Life-Boy of the party— He rides with us, does Smarty Arty.
YELLOW CAB CO
Personnel Notes
Please consult Bulletin Boards in the schools for further information. Companies coming to campus week of March 3,1941: AUTOMATIC ELECTRIC COMPANY, Chicago, Illinois, March 3 and 4,1941. EE and ME. BETHLEHEM STEEL CO., Bethlehem, Pa., March 3 and 4,1941. All engineers. COMBUSTION ENGINEERING CO., New York,.N. Y., March 3. ME. GUIDE LAMP DIVISION OP G. M., Anderson, Indiana, Marck 4. EE, ChE, Met E, and ME. DETROIT EDISON CO., Detroit, Michigan, March 6. EE and ME. GIDDINGS AND -LEWIS MACHINE TOOL CO., Pond du Lac, Wise., March 6. ME. GARY HEAT, LIGHT & WATER CO., Gary, Ind., March 7. EE and ME. Companies not visiting campus but seeking men through personnel
Corn Research Men To Hold Cdiderent» Several hundred hybrid seed eont producers from throughout Indiana and the com belt ar« exiieeted ta attend the third annual eonferenee of this group at the University on March 6 and 7, it was announoed here today.
office: Indiana State Employment. College training required. U. S. Rubber Company, Detroit, Michigan. Science and En^neera interested in accounting. Fisher Body, Clevelmid, Ohio. EE, ME, ChE, and Met E. Porcelain Products, Inc,, Findlay, Ohio. MEL Air Associates, Dallas, Texas. ME (Aeronautical). Dnrez Plastics & Chemicals, Ine., North Tonawanda, N- Y. ME (Machine Design).
How to Make Sales and Influence Cnstomers If you are the operator of an eating place be sure your employees are dressed in clean Lin^« WE SUPPLY ON A RENTAL BASIS
YOU’LL LIKE
FOOD THAT SATISFIES in the CAFETERIA JhsL fiWuitUL TniOfnjfdaL lAnion. The Comer of the CampotrYet file Center of AcRoitieR
A iffBH^B
fila^a ^ ~ ^fankiA
Saturday, March 1, 1941
fiMJubuL SxpoiuaiL
Wrestling, Swimming, Track Teams See Action Today
Boilermaker Tankmen Face lU In Return Meet At Bloomington
In an attempt to finish their Big Ten schedule on the right side of the ledger, the Riveter mermen will toss themselves into the Indiana pool at Bloomington this afternoon at 3:30 o’clock. A triumph would give them a record of four victories and three defeats. This is a return battle, the Hoosiers having fallen victim to the Boilermakers last Wednesday night here, 52-32. Only Three Firsts —' ■■■
In Wednesday’s fracas, the host team allowed Indiana only three firsts in the evening’s nine events. Coach Dick Papenguth is inclined to be a bit dubious about his squad’s chances of i*epeating this dose as several of his charges are being dis-
turbed by colds.
Another item which may alter the outcome somewhat is the old “home floor” advantage. This fact is generally thought to be moie or less an exclusive property of the hardwood sport, but Papenguth insists that the pool advantage is often a decisive factor in a meet
An
Irishman's
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Troubles Papenguth charges that all diving boards are different, that some pools have different surfaces, and that the length of the pool causes a swimmer to alter his plan somewhat. The Hoosier pond measures 88 feet, as compared to the Fieldhouse pool’s 75 feet Fifteen Make Trip Fifteen men made the trip to do battle with their ancient enemies, namely, Siler, McCready, Ancker, Anderson, Herr, Kratzer, Carney, Horn, Branner, Lake, Krueck, Williamson, McCay, Tingley and Faikas. Papenguth expects to stick fairly close to the lineup which faced the Cream and Crimson Wednesday. Time trials are scheduled for next Tuesday to determine who will make the trip to Iowa City for the Big Ten Championships to be held there March 7-8. Fourteen swimmers will be selected for this jaunt. A board containing varsity and frosh swimming records has recently been completed and will soon be hung on the north wall of the pool. The board is similar to those now hanging in the Fieldhouse containing track records, e.c.y.
Bob Barnes Plays Here Tonight For Theta Chi's Members of Theta Chi, social fraternity, their dates and their guests will dance this evening in the south ballroom of the Union to the music of Bob Barnes and his University of Illinois orchestra. The dance will be preceded by a formal dinner at the house for the active chapter. Barnes and his orchestra have recently played over rlidio stations WOWO, Fort Wayne, and KMOX, St. Louis, and recently completed an engagement in the Brown Hotel in Louisville. The backdrop for the dance is made up of the Greek letters Theta and Chi merging into a pin. r.s.k.
A “Battle of Bands
After the PURDUE-DVDIANA BASKETBALL GAME
Between
MOREY MANN
(Purdne)
Union A, B, C, D
BOB BARNES
(Indiana)
Alumni Hall
Saturday Blardi 1st
$-1.00
per conple tax exempt
Alternate Intennisdone—Continuous Dancing informal
From 9 ’tU 12 P. M. Tidketo on Sale at Union Desk
INDIANA UNIVERSITY Bloonslngton, Indiana
Riveter Matmen Encounter Badgers; Cinder Forces Battle Indiana Squad
Run Scheduled For
1 PM In Fieldhouse; WAA News
Galaxy Of lU Stars ~
Wisconsin Matmen Invade Fieldhouse After lU Track Meet
Yearling Net Squad To Appear Before NU Battle Monday
Not that it matters: But this evening about 7:30, Hoosierdom’s annual civil war begins when a referee tosses a leather ball up in the Indiana fieldhouse, and Purdue and Indiana square off for forty minutes of throwing a ball through a hole suspended from the ceiling. Indications seem to give the Hoosiei’s an edge because of home court facilities, but should the Boileimakeis win, the proud downstaters will never again predict another conference title a-wa-y back in December. —I-I— Speaking of predictions, the Hoosiers seem to be the target of haid-luck as far as “on paper” titles are concerned. You know that during the past two football seasons, the Cream and Crimson weie supposed to be invincible due to veteran mateiial, but the usual miserable flop occuired in the Jordan camp. -1-1— By the way, after talking (or listening to) Dr. S. J. Miller yesterday afternoon, I find that I’ve been the victim of another illusion; this time by Jim Miller, football cocaptain. It happens that Doc Miller’s pill-rollers were defeated when playing only members of the famous Pill Rollers second team. Dr. Miller wishes it stated that he defeated Jim Miller three games out of five. There, I guess that will hold ya, Jim Miller. _I.I_ Speaking of the health service reminds me of Purdue’s No. 1 sport fan. Dr. Cole. Dr. Cole is a new addition to the health service, and he’s straight from the far southeast which is easy to tell by listening to his soft tones especially with the “r’s” and etc. Dr. Cole likes nothing better than to re-play ball games, individual endeavors, and crowd antics. On the wall of Dr. Cole’s office is a large replica of Bob Igney’s famous long shot that defeated Indiana this season. Cole sees a lot of the games away, also.
Before the Northwestern game Monday night, when the Boilermaker courtmen make their last appearance this season, the Riveter freshmen will appear in an intrasquad game. The game is scheduled to begin at six o’clock and will be of regulation length. Freshman Coach Dutch Fehring announced that the squad would be divided to form, two teams, the “Reds” and the “Whites.” This game will provide the hard playing freshmen, who will be making bids for vaisity positions next year, a chance to give th6 fans a preview of their ability. White Team Coach Fehxmg m splitting the squad for the frosh tussle, has assigned the following players to the “White” team: Forwards — Will Shelby, Lebanon; Jack Wright, Linton; Casey Parrish, Muncie; Bill Burghardt, Wheaton, 111. Centers —Jack Swantz, Rilejy, South Bend; Bob Johnson, Emerson, Gary. Guards—Bill McGrath, North Vernon; Jim Pechin, Lafayette; Loren Brower, Frankfort; Bill Shimer, Southport. Red Team The players on the “Red” squad aie- Forwards—Bob Chester, Vincennes; Red Anderson, Edwardspoit; Tom Grove, Dowagiac, Michigan; John Zehring, Bunker Hill. Centers—A1 Menke, Huntingburg; Rudy Lawson, Erie, Pennsylvania; Howard Hites, Danville. Guards— Dufe Friend, West Lafayette; Elmer Etling, Crystal Lake, Illinois; Biill Wooden, Martinsville. w.a.f.
A new species of oak, first distinctly new tree found east of the Mississippi in 76 years, has been discovered by Dr. Wilbur H. Duncan, University of Georgia botanist.
Dr. Oscar Kaplan, University of California psychologist, predicts a huge increase in mental disease of the aged in America.
Thirty-eight Riveter trackmen will do their best to deflate some of the prestige that Indiana has established throughout mid-western track circles when the two schools come together in a novel dual relay meet in the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 1:00 p. m. In gunning for the Hoosiers, Coach Phillips’ lads will be after their third consecutive victory. First Home Meet Exclusive of the Illinois Relays, the Gold and Black has had only two meets this season, all of them being on enemy ground. Chicago’s Maroons were the first Boilermaker victims and were nosed out at a time when the Phillips-coached team was not at full strength. In a triangular run at Iowa City they defeated Northwestern and Iowa conclusively. The trio of Roy Cochrane, Campbell Kane, and Archie Han is leads the Cl earn and Crimson in what should be something of a preview of the Big Ten Indoor Championships, held here the week-end of March 7 and 8. Cochrane, a slender fast quaiter miler, holds the American and Western Conference records in that event at :48.2 seconds. Boilermakers Balanced Campbell Kane runs the one mile and Harris has thrown the shot between 49 and 60 feet all year. The Boilermakers, though an excellent team from the' standpoint of balance, boast such stars as Captain Ed Holderman, distance and middle distance runs; Burt Anthony, 440 yard dash; A1 Jentsch, half-mile and mile; Ted Tycocki, broad jump, and Jake Weber, shot put. Of the 11 events scheduled, four will be of the relay variety, namely, the low and high hurdle shuttle relays, the one mile relay and the two mile relay. These relay runs will be scored like a cr<BS country meet, with the places taken by each squad being totaled. Thus the lowest num-
By Virginia Barson
Perhaps most of you have not thought much about it, girls, but the Women s Memorial Gym belongs to you and should be used as much as possible. If you have a little trouble finding a way to relax from 4 to 6 o’clock, why don’t you round up all of your friends and come to the Gym. There’s something to do
every afternoon.
On Monday, Wednesday and Fiiday you can play basketball on your group team; on Tuesday and Thirrsday you can take your pick of ping pong, shuffle board, badminton, or tumbling. The pool is open every afternoon at 4 for those who like to swim. Why don’t you all try to spend more time in the Gym. Come
on down and relax.
—WAA—
Here is something of vital importance to all co-eds who are interested in becoming a member of the WAA council next year. Sign up now in the gym at the application table which is out in the hall all day. There are a number of positions which must be filled. Sign up
now.
ber of points determines the winner. Composite Scoring The field events will be scored according to the composite of the three entries. In this manner, shot putters Dave Rankin, 'Jake Weber and Bill Neff have a good chance of beating out Archie Harris and his two mates, because the better than average abilities of the three men overshadow the outstanding performance of the lU Negro. Time schedule of the meet is as follows: 1:16—Pole Vault and Shot Put. 1:46—One Mile Run. 2:00—60 Yard Dash. 2:16—^High Jump and High Hurdle Shuttle Relay. 2:30—One Mile Relay. 2:45—'Two Mile Run and Broad Jump. 3:00—^Low Hurdle Shuttle Relay. 3:16—^Two Mile Relay.
Coach Claude Reeck*s grappling squad will provide a break in the week’s sedes of Indi^a-Riveter clashings, this afternoon at 3:30, when they tangle with an invading band of Badgers, With two consecutive losses in their last two meets, the Boilermakers hope to emerge from this afternoon’s encounter With a victory that will break the losing streak provided by Northwestern and Indiana. The meet will follow the IndianarPurdue track meet in the Fieldhouse. Two seniors. Co-captain Papurca and Allmon, will see their last dual meet competition in the Wisconsin scrap. 'The remainder of the Riveter lineup is made up of one junior and five sophomores. Co-captain Casey Fredericks needs a victory in today’s meet to climax his record of being undefeated in two year’s of dual meet competition. Casey also holds the National AAU crown and has been Midwest AAU champ
for the past two years.
The visiting Wisconsin squad, coached by the vetetan George A. Martin, willi probably enter the Fieldhouse in a sour, vengeful mood, for last Saturday they were smothered by Iowa in a meet that saw only one Badger victory. The Hawkeyes bent, squeezed, shook, and waved the long suffering Badgers around like cornstalks. Despite this recent defeat, Wisconsin boasts of a strong, well balanced team that is capable of causing plenty of trouble. This afternoon’s meet will be the last of the season’s dual meets and next Saturday, the Riveters will go into action for the last time this year, when they travel to Columbus, Ohio, for the. Big Ten conference meet on the Ohio State campus. Coach Reeck considers chances pretty good for some Riveter winners emerging from the meet. j.dff. Probable lineup for today’s
matches: Purdue
Weight
Wisconsin
Fredericks
121
Blackmor
Allmon 1
128
Halada
Foster
188
Beaumet
Papurca
145
Ritz
Britt
165
Eautzer
Hlinka
165
Sager
Eviston
176
Roberts
Ruggieri
heavy.
Bennet
Follow the War News
Daily
m
ihsL ^uhdusL £xpofuinL
As Obtained from the Chicago Daily News Forgein Syndicate