T I <74
Re|jort Will Hefp To Itelievo
Of Trsnsportafion Facilities At Chfistmas ' " I
By Don' Brewer
Facing one of tli’e most critical transportation problems, in many years, railroad and bns systems,'offering their facilities to Lafayette, have appealed to officials olsthe University for information on student travel over Christmas vacation. With the new government ruling cancelling the scheduling of all'S^becial trains, except for troop moventents, the transportation officials are attempting to determine the number of students using their services.
Knowing . approximately the increase in travelers, they will be able to accordingly increase their facilities by adding extra busses or train cars where they
may be needed.
* The Exponent, in cooperation with the Student Senate, which is arranging a survey, publishes today a list of all of the possible exit routes from Lafayette on Tuesday and Wednesday, December 22 and 23. This* is done in order to give the student some time to decide what method and route he will use
to'go home.
CoOtwiration Urged Cooperation on the part of the student will be the deciding factor in the Senate’s survey. Without the wholehearted assistance of the student, it Will be impossible to make the survey. Graduating seniors, as well as all other students who are adioprning for the vacation, must cooperate. Even if there is a possibility of ubtaining a ride in a private car, students who might ride the train or bus are asked to aid in gathering the information. The fii'st of next week the Student Senate will distribute copies of a transportation questionnaire. This Will list all the possible modes of travel, as li!?ted today in the Exponent, iVith suitable explanation for filling out the copy. This questionnaire Will r’each all frateimities, sororities, residence halls, cpoperatiVe houses and other organized men^s and iWpmen’s houses on the campus. A similar questionnaire will be p.laehd in the Exponent .this week. EjxpOftVPt, questionnaires should be returned .to the west desk of the Unidn, however Senate distributed copies will be picked up by member^‘ pf that organization. Procedure To FoHqw ^Tp’.aid.in relieving- the transpoi’tatioli congestion and assure yourself a ’rlde home, you must follow the following procedure: .Deteumine the day on which you Vrill he leaving .Lafayette and the methdd by which you will be leaying^'l]ietefmin.e the particular bus or trajh you tvill probably take. (Conrtfeition ploints are not listed here, but itriay Be found by consulting ticlcet agents or time tables). provide the information asked for in the questionnaire. Any number of persons may use the same questionnaire, by noting the number of pafesehfe’Gi'S in the space where a chfeck .Wohld be sufficient for one. Do not, however, cause erroneous tabulation by supplying the same informaiion on more than one question-
naire.
Should Be Completed Next Week If a Senate questionnaire does not reach yoU, use the one supplied in the Plxponeht. All should be completely hlled out by the end of next week, when the Senate will begin the actual tabulation for the trans(See transportation, page 4)
Esirabiished 1889
l^.urdue University, West Lafayette, Indiina
Saturday, November 2S, 1942
|.oyii|%p|!pphony Will Play Here
St. Lcivfh Syitiphony
Road School
To Hold Annual
Meeting Here
Committee of highway officials and engineers headed by Captain Ben Petty, professor of highway engineering at the University, has announced that the annual road school will be held here over a period of three days beginning January 25. The meeting this year, unlike those in the past, has been shortened from the customary five days to three days, in order to conform to the wartime policy of .streamlining conferences and similar group meetings. The scope of the meeting will bo limited entirely to the discussion of construction and maintenance problem.s encountered during war-
time.
The principal problems to be considered will be: construction and maintenance of essential roads and structures without the use of critical materials. Finance for necessary woi-k in view of reduced gasoline tax and license fees. Government regulations and priorities affectingmaterials and equipment. Traffic questions arising from greatly increased travel near war plants. Discussion of the report by the highway survey committee to be umde to the legislature in Januai-y. Soil Science Society Hears Address By Senor Antonio Arena
. . . directed since 1931 by Vladimir Golschmann, and -which annually presents more than half a hundred concerts throughout the Middle West and Southwest, will appear in the University Music Hall for the second time Sunday evening.
Lt. Underwood^
Cadets To Honor Senior Officers At Cotps Day Reviews Sehipl- officers will watch fror the gfandstand when cadets of the FU'^t|,,B);igAde of the Univoi-.sity ROTG before them in review Thu^Wdy, ,December 10, at 11. Cad'et;^.hf ^ne Second Brigade will similarly ,hd)i'oi' theiV senior officers on ’^jiM8day,,!t^,eqember 8-. dph'dV cadet officor.s, clim'h3{tb^,4otlr years of ROTC work, thele, ^evle.yifs will be' “Graduation Reyte-vti’*., It will' bo their last oppei^dbptty fd enjoy the .sight of the Cpxpg.paeHihg'in, revii^w. , ^enjovf^' will fom for the i-oviewR in' , f^e^oM flypr,. sepior cltiss
1 oom,, oh their re
The Brigaile yri’ll bp presented to seqi'ohS in front the Brigade pi
regular Corps Days.
I the plat-
forpi, ahd then marched in review by Ih’p .juliior cadet offlcer.s. C.G. Stocker ; j I ,. V one' 'of ^Lafayette’s best knwon and highly esteemed citizens died at poon Thanksgiving- Day at hik hoipe after an illness of several months- ,^1'- 'Stocker was a great followed of the University’s actiyities and a booster of the band.
Talking before’ a small but attentive group last night Senor Antonio Arena, of the Argentine Department of A.g-riculture, outlined the general agriculture of Argenina. The .speaker was presented by the Soil Science Society of Indiana, but Senor Arena spoke op the broader aspects of his country rather than any specific details. Arena said that the. climate of Argentina was somewhat the same as that of the United States, ranging from 70 degrees in the north to 30 degrees below zero in the south. The country is divided into fourteen provinces and 10 national territories, the people in the territories dp not have the right to vote. Argentina has sixty million acres under cultivation, which are 'divided among such crops as corn, wheat, tobacco, rye, and-flax. Arena .stated further that a great many sheep and cattle were raised, and Argentina exports more hides than any other
nation.
Senor Arena explained that his country has more school teachers than ,soldiei-s, there being only 26,000 soldiers. The schools are attended by two million pupils, who upon leaving- high .school edn entor one of the six lai-ge universities. The population is made tip of forty million people, two-thirds of whom live in the large cities in the north. Three million people live in Buenos Aiies alone and thirty million people are of southern European origin, and there are no negroes in the entire country. Senior Announcements Invitations to the DecembciCommencenient Exercises must be ordered before the book .stores close next Monday, according to the late.st annouiiceinunts by the Commencement Committee. The invitations are now on display at all of the book- stores , in the village, and the three varieties are priced at five, twenty and forty cents each. The five cent folder is made of quality paper with the invitation engraved inside. The more expensive type are booklets which contain a list of all the candidates for degrees, a program of the exercises, and some other articles of interest about the University, as well as an invitation to the graduation. The twenty cent booklet hgs a cardboard cover while the fyrty cent booklet has a leather
cover.
First Papers Due By December 5 Five Fashion Fellowships will be awarded by the Tobc-Cobmn School for Fashion Careers m New York, in a nationwide competition for
senior women.
Julia Cobuvu, president of the school, in making the announce-
ment, stressed the importance of First Lieutenant Martin L. Un-well-qualified women to help in ac- derwood, of the Field Artillery, has celerating our war efforts. A year reported for duty as an instructor of specialized training now will en- in the University Military Departable young- women to reach rather ment. Captain John J. Giaham, who quickly positions which under nor- formerly held the position, has been mal circumstances would take years ordered to a new post, to attain. Many types of retail Lieutenant Underwood, a 1938
Show To Open At 8:30 P M In Music Hall St. Louis Symphony Orchestra under the baton of its regular conductor, Vladimir Golschmann, will continue the series of regularly scheduled University convocations tomorrow night at 8:30 in the Music Hall. Each year this orchestra gives approximately 60 concerts in St. Louis and tours throughout the Middlewest. West and Southwest. During the current season nearly 40 concei’ts, the largest number in the organization’s history, have been presented on tours going as far west as Salt Lake City. At the end of the group’s last ap-peai-ance in Chicago the nearcapacity audience staged an ovation that lasted for 12 minutes, ending- only when Golschmann, after i*epeated acknowledgments, signaled the orchestra to leave the
stage. '•
Second Oldest
The St. Louis Symphony Orchestra is not only one of the foremost orchestras of its kind in the country but it is the second oldest, being
Wai’ stamp tickets for the Alvino Rey mixer and convoca- !vmnbonip” ^ / ,,,, , symphonic concerts only by the tion, Saturday, December 5, are now on sale at the war stamp New York Philharmonic Orchestra. booth in the Union, in the Cashier’s Office and in the Cary The conductor, Vladimir ColsehHall post office and will also be on sale at the door of the Music maun began leading his own orehes--Hall before the convo. beginning of the Con-
The goal for the sale of, war stamp tickets for these events
• mr. rvor. 1 1 j 1 1 1 , wheu this attracted the attention IS $2,000. Coeds are urged to help reach the goal by buying of Sergei Diaghelev he was invited
their own war stamp tickets to conduct the musical part of the since both those and a mixer Ballet Russe. This beginning led to ticket are needed for the mixer. Golschmann’s eventual appearances
as guest conductor of the New York
The drive comes very close Philharmonic Orchestra, the New to the anniversary of the at- York Symphony Orchestra and the tack of |the Japanese on Pearl Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra. Harbor and the Committee on Con- first began wielding the baton vocations for the Student Union for the 87 piece St. Louis Symphony
hopes that the occasion will boost Orchestra in 1931.
0 On Sale
Convo Mixer Will Highlight Decentber Fifth Week-End
U. S. Civil Service
The Civil Service Commission last University’s stamp and bond Passport, Season Tickets
work, such as display and service University graduate from the week again called for college trained g^|g This will be the second time that and management, which wore for- School of Agricultui-e, served at chemists to fill government posi- uniform are cordially organization has appeared on merly considered men’s jobs, are Fort Bragg, North Carolina, prior ’
now open to women. , assignment with the Uni-
tions.
, , stamp tickets which sell for fifty Any graduate or college senior cents. These tickets will be received
within four months of graduating
as single admission for the convo-
the War Department. The officers
piomoted weie Lieutenants Robert E. Pulver, Glenn L. Brown and Wil- ^ cation^and will be necessary for the
fred I. Freel.
Captain Pulver joined the Mili-
, , , ...... > e.\cniuua Lions win oe gi
tary department staff in April, ,, . , , „ . _ . . these jobs, and applications
1941; Captain Brown in August, 1940, and Captain Freel in August,
1942.
credit is eligible for a junior chem-
ist job, at $2,000 a year.
No examinations will be given for
will be
accepted until the need is filled. There arc no age limits, and women chemists are particularly wanted. The government also needs tele-
mixer. They must be accompanied by the usual mixer ticket of $1.10. The attraction of the convocation is Alvino Rey, with his orchestra
Galloway To Speak In Coulter Hall At 7:30 Thursday Dr. J. J. Galloway, professor of
invited to attend the convocation. campus, the other time being
Chemical Aid jobs, paying $1,800 purchase the Admission to this concert
The future is most promising for versity. He was graduated from the P®i’ annum, are open to United g^amps for admission since passport, season tickets women who are preparing for jobs pield Artillery School, Battery Of- States citizens who have had three already been purchased -admission tickets which novi in wartime, and planning to fleers’ Course, Fort Sill, Oklahoma, years of college, including- 24 hours may be .purchased at the door for
conlinue in peacetime. University ROTC iiistrue- chemistry. College juniors with- being sold ^he price 6f $1 plus tax. Last years winners of Fashion tors have been promoted from First completing- the for the convocation are special war
Fellowships, now members of the Lieutenant to Captain according to Tobe-Coburn class of 1943, came ' ^ ,
from Emmanuel College, Northwestern, Principia, Wisconsin, and
Leland Stanford.
All senior women are eligible to participate in the Fellowship Contest and must mail registration blank and the first paper to the school no later than December 5. Another paper, which completes the work for the award, is due
March 20.
Complete information and registration blanks ihay be obtained from the Placement Service office
ill the Executive Building. Members Of Soil Survey Staff Given
Leave For Duration In response to the lecent govoinluent call for technical experts on .soil survey work. Pari Veale, Glen
type operators and office appliance fl^own
and the King Sisters. “Stringy Geology and Paleontology at the Guitar,’’ an elect/-ic guitar which University of Indiana, will lecture Rey invented when he was twelve, Story of Petroleum Thurson. of Rey’s features. It - lecture room of
as the speaking- guitar be-
Second In Series Three Lectures
cause there is the effect of a voice
Stanley Coulter Hall. The lecture is being sponsored by Sigma Xi, na-
repaii men. Teletype operators must
have had two weeks’ training- or ex- is created' by the’Sonovox'. honorary reseai-ch fraternity,
perience. The jobs pay $1,440 and wooden head Dr. Galloway will discuss the dis-
$1,620. Office appliance repairmen carved to resemble “Dopey” of the tribution, amount produced, geologic
Only persons ggygu Dwaifs to place at the top of relations, origin, migration and find-
will be paid $1,860.
Dr. Charles H. Robertson better known as Big Robbie, a 1895 graduate of the University and famed .scientific lecturer in China for twonty-nine years, gave the second of a series of lectures la.st evening at 7 o’clock in room 363 of the
Union.
Dr. Robertson siJoke on “Tools
with one year of full-time paid ex
perience will be considered. Any first or second class post of-
ing of petroleum and the futiiie of
Robinson, Arthur Bell, and Sutton leehiiiquo of Ihinking.” These
talks will be given weekly on
his guitar.
Alvina Rey, his orchestra, and petroleum development. He will ilthe King Sisters have played re- lustrate his talk with charts and lice 01- the Civil Service Commission 'j ^ t sueeimens
cently at the College Inn at the specimens.
Hotel Sherman in Chicago and the . Brof. Galloway spent fifteen years Paramount Theatre in Los Angeles. Geology Dept, at Columbia UniRecent motion pictures they have before coming to Indiana 1 . itt-. , TT 1 n •• TTnfvprsitv in TPAI Vnxi
appeared m are ‘‘Second Fiddle, and “Sing Yo'Ur Worries Away.” The convocation will begin at 7
ill Washington will supply further
details on these positions.
Student Branch Of APA To Present Movie Monday
University in 1931. He has had 25 years’ experience in oil geology as consultant for major oil companies
The student branch of the Ameri- will follow, will be from 8:30 until
Myer.s, niombors of the University
Agricultural Experiment Station Thursday evenings at 7. This week’s
soil survey staff, have been given '‘^‘^'Uu'e was changed to Friday due can Pharmaceutical Association will 11:30 leavcs-of-absence for the duration Thanksgiving holiday. present an hour movie in colpr and Lo make soils studie.s regarding the The University Religious Council sound for the public Monday, Nopos.sibilities of growing the ruliber- sponsoring the.se talks and an- vombei- 30, at 4 o’clock in room 311 inoducing Guayaula plant in the nounced that his subject next pf the Pahrmacy Building. It will area extending from Soulhei-ri Cali- Thur.sday will lie “Thinking- and be the fourth in a series and is en-
Invontin
J 1 4- 4.-1 o rru • u- t bas taught petroleum geology
and last until 8. The mixer, which .. j
tor a like period.
The meeting will be open to all.
fornia lo Texas.'
’rheii- new work calls for surveying of ground upon which the rubber ])lant can be grown. Ttie studies arc for the Emergency R'ubber Pi'oject. With the exeception of Robinson, Hio men have spent the Iqst six years making soil survey.s in variou.s parts of Indiana, Compiling fundamental information about soil types and structures.
Exponent Staff Reeoinniehdations for Junior anti Senior jobs on the Exponent are due by 9 p. ni. this evening. Put them in the top drawer of the editor’s desk. —AMOS
Clubs Will Hold
Tea In Union Today Women repi’e.senting all the soi-oi-ities, clubs and various other organizations in Tippecanoe County will meet in the faculty lounges of the Union this afternoon from 3 to 4:30 for an Achievement tea climaxing their parHeipatioii in the national “Women at War Week,” which ends tomorrow. Reports will be hoard from various committees connected with war work. $10,000 of the goal of $16,000 in war bonds had been sold up to’ yesterday nioriiiiig and it is hoped that it will be
reached sometime today.
titled “Vitamins and Some Deficien-
cy Diseases”.
Capacity Crowd Jams Musk Hall To See Ergens
'Tkaitksgtvfng Batr Features Meury Mahn Maury Mahn and his band will be featured in a “Thanksgiving!:
A capacity crowd jammed the Ball” to be held in both ballrooms of
This film, pi osented by the Lederle Hall to applaud the music of the Union tonight. The dance will Laboiaiories, includes pictures tak- Uick Jurgens and his band last start at 8.30 and will last until err at the University of California’s “'8'ht. The special convo, sponsored 11:30. The dance will be of the regCollcge of Agriculture as well as ^^iry Club, was open to all elai' Saturday night type and the
students, and a large crowd of eds price of admission is $1.10.
poiJe scenes filmed at the Vitamin Research Division of the company
involved.
All Freshman Men All who have not yet had an interview with the student personnel and industrial relations committee should sign up for an interview in the personnel office in the Executive Building. 'Phese interviews will be held on Nov. 30 through Dec. 4 from 1 to 5.
and coeds and. several hundred sailors attended the program. Popular with college students all over the country, Jurgens who features a particular type of danceable rhythm, scored a great hit with the crowd. Jurgens led the band in a special medley, of Christmas songs which proved a great favorite with the well behaved crowd. Also popular were his distinctive arrang-ements of “Ravel’s Bollero” and “Temptation.”
Invest Now ... in a fifty cent W AR^TAMP ticket to the .\lvino Rey convo next Saturday night. The only instance in history when yon can really get something for nothing! The W AR SlMMl* tickets are on sale at the booth in the Union, at the Cashier's Office, and in the Cary Halt post office. THE GOAL IS $2,0«0.
& i
'cV' I , V-"i ■f nV'*'Pag6 2
>TT|?S" “Sj ^ Purdue Exponent
'^ji4f.^r ^ Yf
Saturday, November 28, 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editor al Phone After 10 p m , 5377
I d tnr in Ct tf \ u > ! (I tor Mot ir I ft Filitnr ‘'D Is 1 il ( r tiu n Mtiin);,tr I 0 I F rilloF
lohn r Amos Don T Brolih; John H Armstronir Robert I Hadley Hen K fljemre Alice Chalfleld
Publication Staff
Assoc a e Ld tors
1 tl rol'^lsll n W Oclrlt p A I Hi nter W E Rafcrt
W C lln k n f \\ Bo wii 1 t K Ronutmorc
ill ^
rt Staff 1) 1 Rip^Aor J S Daw nti D Shryer C s ( 1 ^ a f Sail Reall Cl nrlottc Ha Jonn I a le Elnine
\
Business Sfaff < cfl Hi ne *5 Manaffer Jul a M rt n r 1 iL ^lann erh ) M Wright D ] J hn on T Pctt\ ( u »1 n Manager t H Klo mai c UT t la af,cr Tr ra T rr i ga lur r ( oed Manaj^er Fllen Cl ik Jane Kt m The Purdue Independent-
I 1 t r n Cl icf n J, ng I d t r I L t ss Manage ( oed F d» r \d er 1 ng Manager \ c unts ^lanagei ( r etioi Manager
Da>c Barta Fd Humphrey El44in Welhaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
( r 1 or \ ti mill n Ca 1 r
Sports Editor Sowards Issue Editor Abbett
I I 1\1 rj h> Pjch I 1 on Par on Wilbui
V Sn ll Ba> s
nl li s natter at the post office in Lafay 1 th act of C ngreb of Maich 3 18 9 cal rat f jo tage provided for in section 0 t I r 191 author zed January 20 1J22 1 V Tl rsday I r laj and Sunday mornings I) I r 1 Wcall 1 y carrier for $1 G foi a t emt te by mail for $2 00 for a
I r l\No s mtsUr
t n el bscr pt oi $1 oO t al dvert in^, bv Nat onal A Ivertis C II ge I 111 1 ers Uei lobci tativcH 420
1 rl N \
Transportation Problem . . .
Oi 11k fioni page of this morning’s Expoit it lh(ip IS a stoiy concerning Christmas 1 1 pa I lion This story concerns YOU' IV c irn w 1 J oil ha\en’t already This stoiy 1 1 voLii coopeiation—the cooperation of \ uidciit in the University iio\ mg the close of classes Tuesday, Det n 22 Ihtie \ull be a mad sciamble by ( ! f 1C phj sically able to the closest exit f m T di’yettc Tiansportation officials are 1 c 11 ^ th it At piesent they have no way i (I tcimining how many students will use t‘i 11 eivic'^s I 11 1 ^ ot the Exponent and Student Senc endeavoring thiough the medium of 1 le t iking extensive survey, not only to fv the questions ot railroads and bus lines bn it tt < concentiation of travel, but to also 1 1 i oui iide home moie comfortable Only I coooeiation v ill make this possible rnc ha\ e said that it wouldn’t make much ff ence whethei they weie wedged in the 1 L ■- idewavs oi herded into the baggage com1 n e'll backwards They would be jUst as J I p' Lo r ide home for Chrrstmas Maybe this J tie bid with the information the Senate n 1 Exponent hope to supply to the transpor1 t nl cilities extra tram cars will be added ij tiains md extra busses will be added to ch dulcs Ih( le piobably won t be seats for all, but f'l ic ’ a-jsert that it will be far from thb same itu ition as saidines in a can Advance pur cl e ol tickets and checking ot baggage has been suonglv urged rhioughout the week the questionnaires 1 died In the two student organizations will ])( piesent thioughout the campus If it is hum nb possible foi >ou to do so, decide on V I mode and time ot travel and fill out a <u tionnaiie There is a strong chance that \ ) I might otherwise experience a none too ( )i tollable ride home if one at all Cooper it loi \oui own good—deb
Major Samuel Prevo
M
1 ll Aimj Medical Coips is back m Indiana It I 111 living 85 boinbingb by the Japs in J nd othei places whcie he seived loi a dight uigcon toi the Ameiican Volunteei ll I on monij Inown as the Flying Tigers 1 1 V giaduatcd liom the Univeisity in 1936 I tl I l( 1 ( coige Washington University tor his
J) ^ t e(
LseMi. C. Richard Wiley I I kit tin Univeisity in June, 1941 vO enter I t A t o ps again has won lenown in the wai II J 1 I I t le jilan that earned the Amencan com If, He in the British Canadian American 1 I 11 liJ \eial weeks ago and is now taking J 1 11 fill tai ) ittle Lieut Wiley was part ot li I ' 1 liitiess named Red Ulurrlin one ot 1 1 ]J liitk s J- lanes firsi^ Lieul-enant Harmon Arnold wh leeened his BSC hJv degree from the Uni i\ 1 19j8 leprite i to Will Rogers Field Okla III I aiiiii ail loiee hombiidnient base on No ' 1 1 In tJnt\ as an oidnanee ofheei Betoie 111 in) till i m\ Ainold was a‘-sistant engineer I I 111 A ‘-oiiation ot Manufaetuids ol Chilled Cai IVliteis
Some Changes Should Be Made Stepping into wartime stride last June, officials, in announcing that a physical prepaiedncss program which would tram all men em oiled in the Umverbity, made a step in the light direction toward carrying out Proxy’s long advocated ideal tor the institution to furnish physical training to all students The progress of the course since then has been an interesting one students dashing to the stores to buy gym shoes before the wartime supply vanished, being advised to take the early morning 7 o’clock class, ten minutes of kicking m the pool, the obstacle course, medicine ball, cuts, bruises, excuses from the health office, losing locker keys, no cuts for this vemestei, cross country treks, socker, and no more excuses With PEM 12 almost two semesters old, its IS due for its birthday in December Next semester’s PEM 12 course is probably being planned and it is important that a certain fact be kept in mind The course was added, three classes a week of it, in addition to the regular schedule of classes in the belief that no student would vitally miss the three hours so spent But class cutting of PEM 12 has persisted despite the fact that ciedit m the course is necessary to graduation, and more baffling, despite the fact that contrary to occasional verbal outbuists, most students believe the course has much merit Piobable cause foi the discrepancy between w hat the student thinks and what the student doe,. IS not that the student is lazy Possible and piobable cause is the simple fact that students enrolled in some of the moie difficult cuniculum can’t piofitably go to the class Less than three hours pei week is actually spent m class but its natiiie is such that the exeicise, as anyone who diags himself fiom the pool after one of Pap’s swim session knows, requires a good many more hours of sleep pel week A physically drained person pist can’t stay up the late houis getting m reports and doing the studying required in many of the schooN, and yet, it is probably tiiie that not enough exeicise is being received by the students in the com se as now outlined One solution to the problem, which lespon sible officials should consider, is the expanding of the present PEM 12 course foi next semes tci with the piopei reduction of outside work for academic com ses The five horn per week comse has been generally accepted at othei colleges and uniieisities as a mfeans of bettei preparing the students toi the hardships ahead Any changes in the academic program for future semesters regarding the acceleiat ed tiainmg program should, then, be made with such a pi oposal in mind —i w b Jusf Looking Around Py Jim Richardson and Jack Abbett Switzeiland is the only counliy leit n Euiope hat has lemained cntiicly alool liom Nazi infiltiatioii This seems to point to the fact that Switzerland has been handling, all the diplomatic woil of Gem any m most of the United Nations Hei little aimy is inothci f ictoi that has kept the Nazis at bay and this points to the knowledge that no fifth column has been iblc to flouiish among the common people The Swiss pi ess ilso ceems to have the Geimans mystified Hitler has taken anothei step m his faice of cie ating a Euiope foi Geimans Fiance was his latest move and by this act he h is cieated more enemies and paved the way to i move on Spain He has solved niiny a woiiy foi the English Fleet that is stationed 111 the Mediteiiane in This leaves only the Italian fleet in anj top side oidei and this woiiies the Biitish veiy little as they have been hunting the afoiesaid eoi the last thiee yeais If the offensives on the thiee Rus,=ian fionts caif gam some ot the momentum thit the Biitish weie iblc to display in Atiica Hitler would be definitely won led He would h ive to be hot footing it nom the Mediteiianean coast to the Volga and Don Ot cojlise this condition could only be biought about by i quick tei mination to the fighting in Aflie 1 Spain woull ilso have to lemain neutial which stems to be fai liom
likely
Sii Staffoid Cupps lemoval fiom the Biitish W ii Cabinet is taken in some ciicles to me in th it Chui chill and his closest filends believe that theie is no in thci need to appease the political g oiip that he up lesents This is taken to mean that t)ie wai his defi nitely taken a tiiin loi the bettei and Chin thill be lieves that it will lemain that way United States milituy action in Afiica should not cause the Ameutan people lo take then eyes off the Pacific Ol China India fionts The absence of my stiong Japanese ui lesistance to the foices diiving on Buna and on Guadalcanal can not be tal en to me u that theie is not an foice and the only otnei tonclu Sion that is being diawn is that this said an foice is getting leady foi some big move The Russian iiont yvas an eaily possibility but the weathei is tinning bad and thus definitely eliminates any action on this front until next year Watch the south Chini and India borders is oui advice There are still Iienehmcn in Fiance' This was pi oved yestpi day in Toulon wh^r e men gave then lives fit the honoi of then eountiy Each scaiiod giey nulk of a once proud ship as it ettlcd into the mud of the hatboi bottom paid tribute to those sons of fiance who have died lor its cause in p ist eiises Ihe true color and honoi of Nazi m w i again forcibly thru I upon the Flench—peihaps roiilon and the death of the fleet will SCI ve as another Joan of Are to It id a united Fiante from bondage Vichy's day is done
GRIN AND BEAR IT
CHh, VUSWIKTOH MERRY-40-ROUHJ
B> Drew P^aisoii
vvfiy, it bt'ie monifii> a loamni roi uui tlog wnu s joinea lire aimy ’
University Calendar Sa*f-u8day, November 28
3 00 P M 1 e r D mCe foi S n'oi s 3 00 PM Defense 16a 8 30 PM rhniNgivrnp Bill
Women s Pesidcnce Halls Ease I unity Lge Union No tk So Balhms Union
The Ratio
4.95
to
UNION IIOl RS Union sliot Ken ( ossetl is i illv taking in inteiest 1 is \ ii the e days Two sophomoio wmleud into the dail died h ill oi nloehccl up on the 1 ul diop and wl o h ul I emeige liom the ml j b' u k ic s 1 1 Ken in 1 1 1-, 1 in g 11 K it I ei 1 Woil ing hai 1 Keniiclt oi 1 v r L you heal<1 11 L iioi III i 10 KEFP II IN IIIF I \vUf\ And pc dm i f C c etl v sn t ll t e lens] lUe te mu t have Iceilei I I ee i tho t PI 1 Gim 1 rs n t e l 1 \t \ how list t ! Cl til stiamlit sl e to i U e 1 ij |i i Jen y t hi st e ONF FOR IHl OI V Kajip i 1 10 ill V I wont 1al e a pm I iibei 1 o down and tool the s! leld f t e new Sig p ex') I SI i 1 llii I Ot ( 1
tie lit le ill Ul s comiihcited slighll / 1 \ t e I u tint Bu 1 h i 1 n out 11 Au/cni Oh w 11 liais p ilitioii 1(11 whit it IS eve V t 1 11 p (1 ty s nooth ( U IN(, DO{ MU 1 ! R 1 tl I V 1 i 1 e n p s a d mo e p I e i h I the / li 1 i l h I I I I ill \ IK t I i e I i h L n t) ou 1 'i \ U \ tell i 1 1 \ t i i inl lej Itt lilt i (lui 1 m th t SfG 1 P'- 1 V I' '
Salary Ceilings Hits Funds Of Both Parties, Democrats Most WASHING! ON—M h u tne $25 000 celling or sal lies is doin.., to both Dcmoci itic and Republican putie« especially the foimci is something which make,, tac politi Cl ms weep U th'’ ccihn stiy^ on fm mo thin iw r ve ri it \ ill re duce c impugn funds to f! md $10 coiitubutioi s fiom the i ml md file — which n the en 1 m ly be i ) ood thing Most people do if km w it bat one wav corpoialioiis got wound the bank on making r,ifts to a political 1 a-(v v\ as to pay then piesulent in extra salary 3 hen he made the con tribution personally 1 bus it he got a salaij ot 1175 000 about $50 000 might go to tainpaign lu uls or lob bjin„ tee''Bui nov,! hib sil v i sealed o $25 000 1 u thei r < e pel tie 1 eon tiibiitims i e not de luetililc lom income tiXc ihc Pepi Idle ns uo 1 1 tte sh ipt turn the Denoei its le aus moic oi th 11 I ij mcnev I ry i mi fi nip oiip v/hieli 1 i lit up eilunes 111 tlie p 1st 111 Uc, ll 1 gen nve t n en An 11 ( i i I i 11 I ive no $25 Ot 0 liimc As a le lilt oi tl is iiiimeial de bade the Democi atie N iti > u' om niittee 1ms disniis ed 70 to 80 per cent ot its stifl hi ii en up its p titiai (|U'’r(e s in the Mij flower H itel e pt loi i 1 vv small i toms LWA
kr^'k'kXiK-k'k-kiKiK'K-k'k-k'i.'t^ I PIjo lilts Slydio I ^ (Di nidup Port!aitiire) >(- ^ 205 I isi “Si ii< J ^ Phone 3111 jF M -A- ★ A'A 'k'k'k^'r'kil:'P•k'k'^t'k^k'kk'k'k
'(OO"’ ‘toinHgue
mnsmScF pm^ niMS
M^HS
TODAY! ONE DAY ONLY Oil Si&g'e
fhiiA, Jo AMhRICA S CRAZIEST ORCHESTRA MILT EMITT&M THE CLOWN PRINCE OT SWING’ 1113 WOFiLD rilMOliS fiND KEVHU FEATURING Th-'’ L lit J Njx beiK c e 1 Cl jy/n ii^r nc ^ of Jc.zz' iFbbo'e':! b/id Li'i I baiuc Co 10 y Ac oh t f.a Cc'llia oca a loiiai Deincer ON THF SCRFFN-
Charle^ Michelson, veteran Democratic publicity genius whose salary long ago was fixed at $20,000, was quietly retired after 15 years of service There iS ii6t enough money to pay him 9 jap Planes Deteriorate U S experts now lepoit that the laps nd longer aio giving a first latc peifoimifnco m the air Some thing seems to have gone wiong They aie leSs foimidable than at the start of the wrr This IS evident in two ways both highly significant for the futu e First Jap pilots are not oo good as they weie, inoieating a lot of pilots killed and a fault in the Japa nese an tiaining piogiam Second the numbers of planes aie definitely sm'illei indicating production diffi eulties To the expelts looking not-only at the day by day action but at the long range tiend^s 'these factors are stiorgly heartening @ Capil-al Chaff The man who had a lot to do with fhe Catholic Church’s emphatic en doiseraent of Roosevelts war polities was Myron Taylor, ambassador to the Vatican who recently flew to Rome for an audience with the Pope Only a short time ago, Capt Ed die Rickenbacker the man with nine lives was an ardent isolationist op posed Roosevelt’s pre Pearl Harboi foreign polities Since Pearl Harboi he has been putting every ounce of energy behind the war One old Roosevelt fuend who would emulate Ritkenbatker if tailed upon to s'’rvo IS Joseph P Kennedy ex Ambasasdor to England who did a lemarkable job in whipping the Se ciinties md 1 xtlnngt Commission info shape » More Ration ing rh'’ Ameiic ii eonsumei docsn t 1 now it y( f liut he will ufiii fai nine as i io«ult ot the wai than meitly i ii tailmciit ot such things IS tViUwtilds itfngo itois into moDilci tii(« Inittei md coffee (See Ml RRY (,0 ROUND pate 4)
, —"—r—*-(•--« unTfiniit Tr"iiin»rii-iii
TODAY TriRU SATURDAY
^ SMASHING THRIELS!
ARC
VYith Paul KELLY * Fay WRAY A COLUMBIA PICTURE
— A':o — FIRST CHAPTER "PERSLS Ol NYCKA" A N w Type of Jungle So lal odJ FATHE NEWS r
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
BOWERY AT MIDNIGHT —v/ifh— BELA LUGOSI Pt.US
"W.LD BILL HICKOCK RIDES' with DRUCE* CABOT CONSTANCE BENNETT
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
AND SHE KNOWS j^^HOW TO GET ITI / /
vk
J'■ /■ ■■
*
Salii^^y^ j^cimniber 28^ 1942
Boilermaker Sports
RitleClasses
Communique Q By Bob Hadley M [|
lillin's Hoosiers Face Fort Kn^
ihli^ldhouse
By ‘Bill Hopkins
Vi"' ,■ By Clint Sowards'' v ^
i It seems PE 12, besides building the bodies of future generals, tearing a few down and doing who knows what to the
instructors, severely taxes the imagination of a, few non-at- ^Vith their nlinds on the time n’pn, possibilities for next falh buti there are some difficulties that one just
tenders, and brings to mind many an old ailing by non-attenders^hon^ they can change their bull’s c^n’t get around. '
V^hb are proudpdksessors of such things, , eyes for little men with slant eyes, Pew people dispute the valiaeoif the game to student morale, inter- ' By chance a conversation between a couple of hairy chested approximately 80 men students of character .. . for oilr, ntonby there’s none better ... but dilfi-
instriictors, GQWcerning these excuses and attempts at excuses Univei-sity ^ are working, out
was^ oveirhead by an A-1 eaves-
Today.'S games mark in general the departure of the color and spirit ,-,-r t-vtt. e. f of football from the country's college campuses for this year. It willprob-. ■ BLOOMINGTOIn, IND., Nov. 27 -Bo McMllltn,'IlfdlAlia B ably not be until after we have .Won the wai- that the game will return football coach, today faced the task of bringing hiS Hodsier
wp to next Saturday’s task of winning the’seawm’s^ sjeventh victory over the Ft. Knox Armoraiders,
dropper, andsome of them and just said so.
weekly on the rifle range in the subbasement, of the Fieldhouse, under
culties that started to crop ottt this season will be considerably more
acute when next fall rolls around.
The transportation problem is: one of the big factors. Many teams
were hiastbrpieces of some
sort..
Two more that probably wqre Rifle Association.
the sponsorship of the National one headache after another in arranging train schedules this year,
and many games were called off where distances were too great. Trans-
justifiable were the case of the fel- ' These workouts which have P^^^^^-Bon facilities will very likely be tied up more by next year,!if the
Irtxxr xirifVi on ov»-»vni4-ofo/i Vinnrl - i •. . . ■ V •nvjDGian'h' coni nvo "h cLxroTi nrof w/\n 4-Vlo’i*r<iv
pirp«he aiimente can be it;
.. and the fellow with a glass eye that r,,.nccv,+ of ooov, ov,o a— kept getting away from him; one be held at 4 p m. on Tuesdays and tho.se that sound good and those almost m this class was turned in Wednesdays, at 7 p. m. on Thursthat sound good for nothing-^con- by a lad who complained that his days and Fridays, and at 11 a. m siderubly mbre of, .the latter being inability to see caused physical ac- , ^^rnings. Each class
m evidence.' Then each of the two eidents. Too bad,
In the same connectiph, very few teams played to crowds of anywhere near the average 1941 proportions. And that was before the
rationing of gas in most of the nation, and before the rubber shortage
in. the form of tires waU taken too seriously by many.
Also, if grades become of paramount interest in keeping students, even
The Indiaiia-Ft. Knox contest, which will be played in the' DuPont high school stadium seating approximately 20,d<W, is one of two service games c^ded this year for the Hoosiers, who staged a great' bdttlS against the Iowa Seahaw:k3 here earlier this year. Proceeds will be used to purchase athletic equipment for. the Fort. A “November” Team Restoring the Hoosiers to peak
Riveter Wrestlers
main gi’oups; can bo, divided into A pair of former athletes turned to 20 men The instructors time to participate
form may not be such a hard job for
football nlavers in school there will be a lot of football material that Riveter matmen have now McMillin and his assistants, despite has been made to accommodate started in. earnest to work out for the fact that the all-important game
their first meet of the season, ^vhich Purdue has come and gone in will fall in the latter part of De- Indiana’s favor for the third coneember. The squad is now in the gecutive year. Since McMillen process of conditioning, but tryouts packed his pajamas and came to will not be for several weeks. Bloomington In 1934, Indiana has Coach Reeck has seven lettermeh been traditionally a November team, returning from last year, which And this month has been no excepleads him.to hope for a strong sea- tion. The Hoosiers started it off
We think that football will never take its leave completely as long as there are any able-bodied students around, but its present intercollegiate complexion may be altered for the duratibit. It is probable that the government will do what it can to keep the game going because of the place it hold^ in American life, as long as equipment may be obtained without depriving the teams playing the Japs. But as the war goes on, teams will play closer and cjoser to the home
th,ose..,^iih ;,te;;hnical names and in the following: “Shin splints” are George Christena ank G B those that, they expect the PE 12 bothered one of them, and the other Gildersleeve, both of whom ’ are department.to understand. Now be- bore a pair of athlete feet with membersoftheNational-Rifl'@Asso-fore this .system of clarification athlete’s fet. ; ciation. These men are toii'fe at becomes so difficult that the type- Another group of boys, not to be each meetins- of the aLl it ic writOf balks, iperhaps a few of the outdone by the best of provocators, t^eir job to assist both thefnovice aiibis getter be .loosed. submitted the following epitaphs in arid the experienced in theij quest In the category of plain sound- exchange for a few free hours: for‘the center of the targetl t
ing, logical excuses comes bronchi- There was the lad who took cold
ti? and asthma; a pair of high easily, another with low blood pres- , .i , x, ... . , ,, .«.xx.vix>,cxxcx. „cvx,xvv,.
sorinders that might be diseases or sure, one fellow with an extremely , ^ ^ ° ^ ^ Georgia “Bulldogs” fresh from a 27-13 defeat at the hands .of mucha toew synthetic rubbe.r, are fusion bad knee, an da fellow who got a ® kicked-around Auburn. Rumor‘has'it that the “Bulldogs” already had of the Lanmia, and sub-acute headache whenever he exerted him- xv ms rue ors ® ™ their bags packed for the trip to Pasadena and the Rose Bowl. If Georgia glomerulonephritis. To jump to a self. x xl”,^ an peer a e tar- Tech wins,, the bid to the Rose Bowl.will probably go to them, but we few entered by some lazy guys with A Likely Story ge ^ loug a e escope. n t relapses nothwithstanding, no originality, there is the fellow A few more top notchers include':' x^- ® .-will take-a little well-placed revengl this week at the “Yellow Jackets’”
> 1 , . X 1 XI • >. X. I • , , . luan in his troubles while the latter svmply “alergic to several things,” one fellow who was just plain too . x-n xi x, . expense. IS still prone on the firing line. mu , x m -n u n*- u- j t x- •
® The last Big Ten game will be Michigan and Iowa meeting in a
The range itself js constructed to accommodate five men at one time. The targets are transported from one end of the range to the
arid another with flat feet; but a old, one with glioma, a lad who pi'ize winner in the legitimate realm had infantile paralysis, and the i,s; by the fellow who broke his leg (See PE 12, page 4) \
★ ★ )★( ★ ★
stadium. ' ■ ’ x -- -4.....
. u 1 j • Today’s spotlight is tuimed on'lhri Georgia-Georgia Tech contest, where ^ ^atavina, a 135 pound by upsetting mighty Minnesota at At each class and practice session .undefeated “Yellow Jackets” meet the powerful but bewildered ^ari, ;s back with the team along Minneapolis, crushed Kansas State xu„ ixxx_.. -xr X. Britt, who IS in the 145 class. 54-0 and routed the Boilennakers,
Jim Taratore will again wrestle in 20-0, on a muddy field, the 155 division, and Velmar Davis Indiana In Peak Form I ^ — I. -—This record indicates that Indiana
is right now at peak form. The Hoosiers were late in getting started when they lost to Ohio State, 3221, in the Big Nine opener. The Bucks, who have gone on to win the conference title, had enjoyed three weeks of double drills as compared to the two days of morning and afternoon September sessions by the
Hoosiers.
The only major Indiana casualty in the Purdue game was the knee injury suffered by Fullback Earl Dol-
away, Indiana's fine punter. Scored 31 Touchdowps
The hurryin’ Hoosiers, who have pai-aded across opponents’ goal lines on 31 occasions this fall, meet' the vastly-improved Armoraiders .at DuPont Manual Stadium, iri Lotiisr ville, Ky. ■ ' ' ■ ; Fifteen thousand, fans, including
contest eclipsed by the deciding games of last week. Michigan should win by two touchdowns, although the Hawkeyes would rather upset
a favored teafn than eat.
At Columbus, the Buckeyes are winding up a season with the Big'Ten
other by means of an intricate title in their pockets. It’s too bad their seasqn didn’t end before the Iowa cable-pulley system. Another con- Seahawks came to town, because the Seahawks will really tear into the venience is found in the fact that champions, and they have too much power, even for^champions. We pick
there is ample locker space around ^^e Seahawks.
the,back part of the range. .With an undefeated season practically in the bag, Boston College Firearms Furni.shed :j rates at the top of many appraisals of the nation’s football squads. The only requirement for entry but thdr schedule has not been particularly tough, and we think
that the Rose Bowl bid should still go to the winner of the Georgia-
Georgia Tech game.
JO-BE.AUTY J?* QUALITY ■ YALUE' Help.Uncle Sami BUY U. S. WAR BONO$ AND STAMPS
☆ You’ll vote Vitality Shoes your favorites...by far...once you try them on. They're youthful, cleverly styled, perfect fitting... and the new autumn colors ate glorious. ... Come in and see them. Quick as a wink, you’ll give them five stars.
to these helpful classes is the student’s own desire to enter one. A rifle is riot; even an essential; firearms are furnished to those who do not already pos.sess them. However, only rifles of .22 calibre are allowed on the range and any arms of questionable safety, both to the owner and his neighbor.s on the rarige, will be barred. Also along the line of safety, no firing is allowed unless an officer of the proper authority is in charge of the range. All rifle,?., no matter how they are designed, mu.st be used as single shot mechanisms while in use on the range. Another prevention from the standpoint of safety is the fact
PEM 12 Two dates still remain Tor PEM 12 Etuderits to make up cuts. 'They
are:
Saturday, November 28, 1:30 p. m.-3 :30 p. m. Saturday, December 5, 1:30 p. m.-3:.30 p. rn. It is ^losSible to make up two cuts during each one of these make-up periods. This applie.s especially to those who received yellow-slips in the course.
Smith Vs. Wildcats Claude Reeck, starting on his several thousand school kids from Great Lakes really does go to sixth year,as Boilermaker wrestling the Kentuckiana district,, are ex-' town when they once get started, coach, who faces this year’s mat pg^ted to. see the Crimsbn: sqiihd The win over Northwestern Thanks- season minuts the services of sev- ^ose its most successful football giving day was the sixth straight eral Big Ten champs, will attempt campaign since 1917, when Indiana shutout for the Bluejackets as well to a.gain capture the Conference dropped only one game in seven and as being their greatest, .scoring title;x.5j hieh his squad annexed last tallied a total of 225 priints '
flurry. Bj'uco Smith, former Minne- year.
seta .star, inn wild in scorin.g 23 ‘ ■ lioints for the Great Lakes squad. , „' /-.i -n ■ i x. ' , . j , anil PiO.g C.iaseman will wrestle lor
This total included three touch
and five extra points.
Sports writers reporting athletic . <lo.wn
that the range rules. require that events at Michigan State College . : '— ' the trig.gers on all rifles used there have worried over identical twins Dick Barwe.gan, sturdy Boilerriiust have at least a three pound in many sports in recent years, but maker guard, has been awarded a pull. now they are confronted with a new place on the second string'Big Ten The classes a.s they arc now arc- puzzler. The Bales’ boys have iden- team as selected by the Indianapofilled to the saturation point with tical names. There are two Joe L. lis Star. ^ little hope of any newcomer.s. How- Bales reporting for freshman has- jinx^ jmx, JilIX • ever, this pre.sent series will end ketball. Coach Ben Van Alstyne of happened up in Wisconsin duras the semester ends and new the varsity squad has gfiswer. He ing a high school contest. The team classes will start with the advent calls one “Big Joriq: 'and.' the other, .^yith the ball was forced to punt of the new term. There are al- “Little Joe.” The’y are cousins. into a stiff wind from behind their
ready 200 applicants for positions Lt. Col. Berni7Bierman, y^hose '
Iowa Bre-Flight team has played the middle western football leaders, says Indiana’.? Lou Saban, junior quarterback from LaGrange, HI., is the best defensive tiack his team has encountered. Bierriiqn’n^itsd MinnC-
Brilliant Array Of Backs
McMillin has welcomed the opportunity to display before his mapy friends and supporters.in Lduisyille and Kentucky his brilliant array of backs and sturdy linemen, who have whipped Butler, Nebraska, Pitfs-
thq IG.'i qioaition on the team. WarI'cn Eviaton, -who won liis letter in tile 175 cla.c.s, wiil al.sp be back.
Ruggleri Vs. Barwegan
y, 1 y, . . -n ■ ■ xi burg'ih,,Minnesota, Kansas State ariff . Frank Ru.ggieri will join the .-, , -xi • , ' . • x . , . . 1 -■ Purdue with 205 points to the opteam as soon a.s he is rested from „ •. , . XI 11 ‘1 X Tj 'll u ponents’ 79 and held five of, these his football workouts. He will be * , .V.-,
, X r x-x- j! xi: foes scoreless,
given a lot of competition for the ...v,': ; . • i_x XU Tx- 1 ID The same starting combination, heavyweight spot by Dick Bar- .x, • x- ■ xV x x ; • , X- -I- x; Aiu With one exception, that started'the wogan, also of gridiron fame. The yj. ^ xu-.-x xt- 4^ x^.^v
team is in dire need of a light-
Hoosiel's off to their third str^ght
in these,coming cla.sses.
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at
EDG^RTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
man caught it on the one-yard line and leaped over the goal-lino for a
touchdown.
ful offensive back;:
LEARN THE INSIDE STUFF! Who’s got it, and who ain’t!
100,000 fans are expected to wit
j I T3M1-r. 1 xi Xness the annual high school foot
sola s Bill Daley asvthe, most powei- championship game at Chicago Pi’oblcm has become acute.
_ today. That’s better than a good many colleges get in a whole sea-
son. ^ Up With The Coin
Michigan and Iowa, with identical won and lost records for the season, will battle for third place in the Big Ten standings at Ann Arbor today. This will be the final game in the conference for the season.
• ,x I r. 1 X XU X triumph over Purdue last SaturdiEW
weight and Reeck urges that any- x , 4, xi ,,
■ X X j ■ xi- u ij will take the field against the Ai’riio-
one interested m wrestling should .,
X jx X 1 XU J I’aiders, styled this fall by Notee. come out and try to make the squad, , j, - „ . 1 XU XU u 1 1 Dame s famous Joe Bach, ex-Du-whether they have had any wres- • ■ ■ ." ■ ' AVt ; X,,. • x' ■ quesne University coach. ■ - • tling experience or not. . ’’ ,
The schedule for this year ha§ as yet not been completed. Many last minute changes are being put into effect since the transportation
Big Nihe Standing
Wisconsin Elects Schreiner, Hoskins
This paper has news that will interest the whole family! Your little sister would love it! Your Mother and Dad will know what’s what at Purdue-—they really do enjoy hearing all ahout everyone!
•tji' ■
ins
W
. L,:
-Ret-
Ohio State .........
.....:.5
<8331
Wisconsin
4
,1'’
dot,
Illinois ......
3
2 '
-600
Iowa.....?
; 3
2
.600
Indiana
2
.500
Michigan
2
2
.'5Q0
Minnesota
.......3
3
.500
Purdue
.......1
■ 4
.200
Northwestern ...
0
6
.000
If You Want .Good Work On Your Garments SEE jOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
Scoring Leadors
TBPATPGPts
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION , TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Madison, Wis., Nov. 27—The University of Wisconsin’s “Touchdown Twins,” David Nathan Schreiner arid Mark Hadley Hoskins, the two
hoys who came to their own State Fekete, QSU 6 University from their, homes in Sarringhaus, OSU..8 Lancaster, Wis., to help iuake mid- Harder, Wis. .• 5 west and national gridiron .history, McCarthy, III : 2 have been chosen honorary co-cap-‘ Daley, Minn. 3 tains of the great Badger football Frickey,, Minn. squad of 1942. Horvath, OSU 43 The squad meinbers unanimous- Kuzma, Mich ;..3 ly elected their All-American end Saban, Ind 2 and great right halfback as co- Vodick, N. U. ......3 captains at a meeting held late White, Mich ....S Tuesday. Wiese, Mich. 3 Schreiner and Hoskins are the
Danion and, Pythias of the Badger squad. For four years at the University of Wisconsin, and before that during their high school years
at Lancaster, the two young men Fekete, OSU 585 have been the clo.sest of pals, just as Hadder, Wis. 375 their fathers are clo.se friends back Hirsch, Wis. 376
52 48 40 20 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18
Rushing Leaders
AvRer
Gained Lost Gftme
35 ' 91,6
home.
Sarringhaus, OSU..414 Hillenbrand, Ind 270 Uknes, Iowa 272 Horvath, OSU 366 Kulbitski, Minn 283 Hirsch, N. U .....268 Wiese, Mich. ....161
26 53 31 51 8 52 6 10 0 '
69x8 64,6 63.8 53.8 52.8 50;6 4!6A 43 4^.2
Passing Leadersi
Av
AttCompGaime
Graham, N. U 104 63 US
Farmer, Iowa 45 16 Hillenbrand, Ind. .... 46 14 Sarringhaus, OSU „ 32
1^.
Chappuis, Mich. 24 IS': Griffin, 111 27 10' l)-/S5 ;
w
ilv*
ChmchsA.
jwpis n»^i For Cary Chib Dance
Eight coeds were elected to the WAA Council at last Tuesday’s
^oWe'thisti^ new in ttie Way of Cary Club dances proved a huge success last night when a large crowd danced to the music of Dick Jurgens. This year is the first that the Cary Club has been m any way an open dance. It was opened to the students this year because the num-
Mnllen will speak. Don’t miss this. |jgj. qJ students living in the halls tuaimiciii a 10:40—Church Worship Service, cut approximately in half Jovr\viwl'inP' bead
—WAA—
PttlrdUe Christian Foundation
Sunday Program
In the Lafayette Church Building 9'30—Student Class. “The World Out! each of Christianity” is the ^ub.Kct upon which Mrs. Doyle
Petsoimel. Ncifes Companies'th vWit'cai^uh': ’ Cummins Engine Co., Columbus, Ind.—November 30. Interested in December and April ME. Sign in
meeting to fill vacancies left by Personnel Office by Saturday noon,
graduating senior.s. Those elected November 28,
include Mildred Smith, vice-presi- Ingersoll-Rand Co., N. Y.—Dcdent; Pat Hennis, secretary; Ann cember 7 and 8. Interested in DeBusby, treasurer; Betty Eatzon- cember and Apiil engineers.
bery, activities manager; Laurie
Wear, cabin chairman; Mary Dilts, Roppers Company, Baltimore,
IM Scliedttles UuDefta
student War Ceuneffr Yary l»nii6i't*mt
ire ' '
'»V. 30, dfStt
Tile Rev. Doyle Mullen will begin giyice last year. All of the three hum .1 now series of sermons dealing (jj-ed tickets which had been placed With the relationships of the human g^ig to the student body Were
personality with Goii. The subject ggj^j early.
for this Sunday is “The God Men Jurgens’ band which played in Pear.” front of a cleYer black and white At 131 S. Grant back drop which showed a huge ■' 00—16c Supper. Please make musical note and a top hat was very 1 cservation at Student Class, or hy popular with the dancers,
c!'! 1\ .iftetnoon, to help better plau
BASKETBALL
Monday evenihg, Nov. 30
Court 1—Benz
7:00 Ward 3 vs. IIB. 7:15 Ward lOB vs. 30. ' 8:10 Ward IID vs. 27,'8:26 Ward llB vs. 29.
Court 2—Emerson
7:00 Ward 21 vs. 22. 7:16 Ward 6A vs. 26, 8:10 Ward 6 vs. 24. 8:26 Ward 6C vs. 28. CouCt 3—Dave Long 7:00 Ward 11A vs. 23.
social chairman; and Bar-bara San- ]\5m’yland—Intere,sted in December
and April AeroE. Sign in Personnel
. Office.
Riflery is still going strong with Consolidated Aircraft Corpora-
intramural shootings beginning Fort Worth, Texas—Interest- ^
Monday night at-7. Approximately cgggn^ber and April CE, ME, University Car OWHCrS,
seventeen teams of five coeds each Personnel Office by will compete for highest combined -^g^j^egday, December 2
scores. All of the sororities, the residence halls, and several private
. , , social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, Paul G. Miller; vice president, William S. Spieth; treasurer, William W. Harger; recording secretaiy, Robert E. King; social chairnian> Gilbert E. Chapman; house manager, George E. Heidenreich; rush chairman, Phil P. Jenkins; pledge trainer, Arthur A. Olson; activities chairman, Jesse L. Ault, and initiation chairman, Arthur P. Hunter.
mim. 5:1.6—Sunday Evening Forum 1 'll! jirogram of singing, recreation. discussion and vespers. This I \ iH of fellowship is' needed lio'pdatin We close promptly at 7 ;o
and co-op houses are represented on the teams.
—WAA—
Beginning swimmers are being
Filf Out'Ration Blanks Hertry Abbett, purchasittg agent, has reported that approximately
Notices
Navy V-7: uupiorg and seniors who are assembling papers supporting their request for enlistment in V-7 who are upUer 21 years of age must submit three copies of
Featuring especially the sweet style which has made his band famous, Jui'gens managed to keep the jitterbugs happy with his clever novelty numbers which really rang
the bell with the crowd.
Jurgens who is his own arranger
featured a special Christmas med- ;;;ei;;''''i;st;uetron’”at 4:45 on the
Dodge-Chicago Plant, Division of Chrysler Corporation, Chicago, 111. —Interested in engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, De-
cember 2.
Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken,
taught every Thursday at 4 by Miss Jersey—Interested' in EE, ME the University Constance Baum of the physical railroad option. Sign in Per- The War Price and Ration Board
education department, while coeds Saturday, Decern- of Tippecanoe County has desig- commissioned Reserves: All interested in learning to dive can g nated the Transportation Advisory students who hold reserve commissions or ' .-I • 0.1. me members of the enlisted reserve in the
The Rex Co., Burlington, Iowa— Committee -’to lUnction as tne gaso- Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps are
1125 persons, including officers, fac- parents consent properly notarized. Copies , ^ , - j. .1 tt • 0^ this form (Navy 400) may be obtained ulty, and employees of the Uni- my office. —KNAPP versity have filled out gasoline ra- T^T^re stiii some Unitioning fonns and filed them with versity Directories left. As long as the siip-
ply lasts, any student, who has not already obtained a copy, may xet one by calling at the Registrar’s oiTico and presenting his passport. —RALPH B. STONE, Registrar
mebtinif Mbriday,
Union oftide. i
Fraternity PreaiddntS: The^e Will bf n dinner meeting at the Bfeta hodsd' Thvirdow, Dee. 3, at 0 p. mj Elbction's Will be fiWdt
, —RIDER
Exponent Staff: All members ot all staffs of the Exponent are invited to the ahntial stair banquet at 6 :16 p. m. tomorrow. If you plan to att'end, call Start Welt At tlje' Exponent office before noon today. The Exponent will pay expenses. —WOLF Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting dtt Tuesday, Dec. 1, in ropm 304 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Actives may invite atiy guOSts they wish. Gordon Fredine Will show films on “Pro:^agntion of Northern Pike In' Minnesota’’ and "Game Birds" to supplement his talk. Short business meeting afterwards. Be on time. —GOSSi^EIN Library Hours: 1-8 p. m Sunday, NoV. 29,, instead of 2-9 p. m. because of the donvocation. —HEPBURN Students: Wishing to work for the Rsgistrar durinft the Winter Term registration, January 4 and B, are requested to make application at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs' are given preference.
—S’I'ONE
Debris Sophomores: Important meeting of workers on all stags in workship Friday at 4:15 p. m. J —BALL Debris Pldnic: All Debris pootile mdet for a picnric in workshop Saturday at 3 p. m. If you can get a edr, call me, BOTl. —SPHACHTB
I nivei'-ilv Presbyterian Church ^
Not ih St. Near Grant
I dim W Findley, minister W m. 651)1 uan, choir director
N.uk’i Young, organist
'1 !ti - .Stimlay School. Dr. G. H. '' .11 continue his discussion
-IH I according to Mark.
Fuehrer’s Face,” and “Ravel’s Corps are on hand every after
Bolero” which were great favorites ^
same day. Members of the Life Sav- chemists, bacteriolo- line rationing agency for all em-
with the crowd.
(In
10
K1 In.l.
.0 .IJ'i. I
cal - Fm fits” will be the suh1 U(.v 1 I’uffey’s sermon. Organ 1,)Will be “Dialogue” by 1 ”^oi,ice” by Pease, and “Post-
b\ Kern.
Merry-Go-Round (Continued from page 2)
Looming ahead is another short-
tests. Here’s a chance to add up a
big score. —WAA—
Volleyball will be over next Friday when the two top tehms in the Round Robih tourney will' compete
'ing Worship. The ^ge, created not by materiaks but by ftir the final game. Winners from
manpower. the sorority league and hall-waid ^
WPB officials are preparing to league will bo determined after next break the news to the public, that week’s elimination games, as a result of the tremendous drain —WAA
on manpower, articles anff services Nine WAA’ers recently passed
Sunday Evening Club. The take for gjfanted today will not the volleyball officials’ rating course
available a year or 18‘monthjs und are now officiating at the
from now. games. They include Libby Baugh-
The clothing industry still em- man, Lois VerHoeven, Beatrice
ploys thousands of men more than ‘Buergler, Anna Mae Fickle, Betty
would be necessary if styles and Galbraith, Marian Lafuge, Loretta troit, Michigan: Interested m senior types of clothing were reduced. The Rathman, Ruth Rule, and Jo Rusk, women chemUsts (general, quahtaliquor store still delivers goods to .—WAA— quantitative, analysis), physyour door. Thousands of miles were Triton girls will shine at the majors; mathematics majors for traveled this fall on American rail- Aquacade scheduled for December statistical woik, material ana ysi ,
4 and 5. “Floating balleters” will be Mildred Smith, Betty Harrison, Miriam Price, Jeanne Browne, Dorothy Heckard, Ann Waterbury,
gists. Sign in Personnel Office by ployees of the University. The raSatiuday, December 5. tioning officials are located in room War Dept., The Engineer Board, 205-B of the Executive Building.
For Belvoir, Virginia—Interested in
April and December Science or En- Pi Tau Siama g'ineei’ing graduates. Sign in Per- ”
sonnel Office by Saturday, Decern- . . . mechanical engineering honber 5. oi'ary, announces the pledging of the Radiation Laboratory, M. I. T., following: R. L. Beebe, P. L. Biink,
Inter- D. C. Burger, A. S. Goodrich, R. L.
ested in Physicists and EE. Sign in Grunewald, M. C. Howland, C. K. Personnel Office by Saturday, De- Jones, R. A. Luebben, A. C. Mcnke,
cember 5.
<.ni inllowing the supper will '• ’p Lh.'ige of the Dommission on Mu-It L.i' ly Smith, chairman. w - -.1 Lafayette Baptist Church I onic! of Columbia and Chauncey n , m.—Roger William Founaiii" class. Mrs. A. R. Mather will
Placement Notes
For Women
General Motors Corporation, De-
U) , m.—Rededication Serv- roads by college football teams and Li of ( iiuich. Seripon will be by fans. Radio programs still invite oa tui. KiV Joseph Baird Gleason, children to send in for billfolds or "Ih 5ii-ion of the Church”. Mu- cowboy whips. These frills, and a _
-'t vil! iH furnished by the choir thousand other things, must and will Deforas Sellner, and Shirley John I tu" oii'ection of Ivah Groover ''e dispensed with. .son. “Waltz Ballet” is the title given i*. HI a,' d Vithui Jacklin. In short, life in America today is to the more rapid ballot performed 7 ill' HI - Roger Williams Poun- largely normal. But it will cease to by Lois Clark, Mrs. Elizabeth Craig,
be normal before the war is won.
I ition ship Hour and supper. u .(I i) m.—Special fi-eshman 1.1'HI. uni'll the leadership of iuMiiiii.n n,d directed by Frances
Ik <i]'
Transportation
(( outiiiiii d liom pdiie 11
,)111 Ic till! Iiontul f
the ■'u Ikluv^
-I M i v\ a U till I Ik 1 I'd
11 h iho Exu Illation on
'lic iiaunijoitation list.
Fciui --I hedules Vvill be S’abject to lu.v ( baiige Dcceinbei 6, and scheduii.' ol ihe James Whitcomb Riley IK '10-1 Hied. (Seniors: Most of the -1 huGuk's hold true for Sunday.
( li tk loi changes).
I be .Schedules
1 jj eyhound bus, southbound to In- . i)j ipolis and Cincinnati. Leave v\' -I I afayette: 6:26 a. m., 4:23 a. I 1 - J5 t ui., 12:33 a. m., 10:56 p. I ■, !3 p. m., 6:38 p. m., 4:55 p. m., ib u ill 12.55 p. m., 10:38 p. m.. Mil LidiiiaapoLs only) 8:40 a. m.,
T ! I a. ill.
I'l^yhound bus, northbound to •'hmago: 8:36 a. m., 10:50 a. m., 12:41 p. m., 2:50 p. m., 4:50 p. m>., u jii p. m., 8:50 p. m., 10:50 p. m., id 7(' a. m., 2:50 a. m., 4:50 a. m. 'i jikoe Tiailways, northbound, 'Ill'll 13 to Valparaiso and Chicago, i.i 1.1 L'layette: 2:00 a. m., 10:00 a.
II' 1 O’l p m., 7:30 p. m.
I 1 . . Trailways, southl,ound, ' lUi - 11/ Indianapolis: 5:30 a. m.,
5-14 p m., 11 59 p. m. dotor bus to Logansport,
^1) ii , L. '.d and Fort Wayne. Leave l.,<) I '( ■ 7:15 a. m., 12:15 p. m.,
j o'l p II' 5 45 p. m.
liuiKi . \.olo bus to Valpai’aiso 1'1 ff I h'gan City: 11:30 p. m, II d.ar.a Motor bus to Terre '! te: 8:15 a. m., 11.45 a. m., 6:30
P m.
L d.'ana Motor bus lo Miuicie: - 7 . 'c., 12:36 p. m., 4:06 p. m. di'i ” R R., southbound to Louisi' J2 ifi a. m.. 11:30 a. m. Ml i. R , northbound to Chi'I ’ I ’ 2:15 p. m. M .’I'.i n 1 ' Detioit: 3:06
I 3 1
I K
S Louis: 12:57 'o Chicago: 11:38 6:42 p, m., 1:55
• No Good’Wili Promise On his recent trip to Brazil, Nelson Rockefeller visii;ed a bathtub plant in the city of Sao Paulo. Laterin the same day he addressed a group of industrialists who demanded more materials from the U .S A. I'u souiic ( 00) dinato liaiu'cc! .'UL no '-nave tail made no euintj [U muse'. Instead, he 'aid “I have four brothers in the service, and I am not going to advocate diverting materials from equipping our soldiers, so that you may have it to build more bathtubs. No—not until you convert the bathtub plant to a plant for making more gaso-
genios.”
Rockefeller was referring to the machines Brazilians use in lieu of gasoline. They are wood burning stoves, attached to the rear of a car, I'hicli produce a combustible gas, as I substitute for gasoline. No country m Latin America has been so severely hit as Brazil by lack of gasdhne'. • Merry-Go-Round A Soviet official, bantering with a Lend'-Lease official suggested thai U. S. aid should be distiibuxed among her allies on the basis of the number of Germans each ally had killed.... The War Department now conserves metal by tying a shipping tag on a visitor’s lapel, in place of former metal identification tags. . . . Ten-year President Roosevelt is entertaining two-year President Arroyo del Rio of Ecuador. Both have set long term records, for no recent president df Ecuador has remained m office as long as two year.s. In the .seven years before Arroyo took office, Ecuadoi had 13 pre.=idents. . . Hcibert Bayard Swope of the pld New York World gives this advice to the War Depaitment on pre.ss reit.ons: “Between losing public oonfiilence by suppressing information, d informing the enemy by pub1 'll’ too much infoimation, it is 111 i! ! n' i iform the enemy.” I ( upj right, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Mildred Smith, Dorothy Heckard, Deloras Sellnar, and Shirley John-
son.
PE 12
(Continued from page 3) ii.'ual group of under and ovciweight students. Fiom among all of the ailments, diseases, and guys with a moining after, theie uas one hopeful classcuttei who wi'th probably a perfectly clear conscience, wrote clown on a piece of paiehment that, “When I over exeit myself, I got tiled.”
Nelson Rockefeller, the federal government’s inter-co-ordinator of inter-American affairs, is a graduate of Dartmouth.
engineering specifications, stress analysis; metallurgists; business administration graduates with work in accounting; secretaries; interviewers and a.ssistaiits in personnel
woi’Jc; engineers.
Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio: Interested m women for positions in the Army Air Forces at that field. No fields specified, but positions are available in .almost every type of work for which the University
trains.
Maier Signal Corps, General Development Laboratory, Detroit, Michigan: Interested in women seniors lo tiain in radio for positions in the laboralovy RCA Manufacturing Companj, Inc., Indidnn]io'is, Indiana- Interested in women named in accounting, statistics, and cngineeiiiig, to be tiained for Piocess Engineeiing and Time and Motion Study Engineering. Ail women students interested m any of these possibilities should call the Placement Service For Women (2955) for further information, or to schedule interviews.
D. W. Ochiltree, R. E. Pendley, J. 0. Reller, W. B. Root, C. R. St. Clair, J. H. Spence, W. A. Spraker, J. W. Watt, J. F. Workman and J. E.
Yingst.
Sugar Ration Books It will be necessary for all students who go home for the Christmas vacation to obtain their War Ration Book No. 1 with stamp numbers 9 and 27 left in the book in order to receive coffee and sugar while at home. The attention of all house mothers and house managers is called to this fact by A. D. Sullins, administrator. 'Phe books will have to be recollected after the vacation.
lequosted to call at my office in the Executive Building at Iheir convenient before November 26 to supply information needed lo complete locords. Those inducted into V-1 and V-7 by special boards on November
12-lH and 1.7-18 need not report.
-W A. KNAPP
Phi Lambda Dpsilon: Bough initiation Saturday, Nov 2H, at 1:30 p m. in loom
106 of the Clumistry Building.
-WHEELER
Camera Club: Important meeting Thursday, Die 3 Election of officers. Room 301 at 7 10 p m. -TRUDBLOOD Camera Club Exhibit: All peisons who eiitoiod prints m the fall exhibit may receive same by calling for them at the West Desk of Uu Union Prize winneis will be notified bi kttei -TRUEBLOOD NFAO SopliontorcH; Petitions foi junior jobs due not later than Decembei 1
-WILCOX
Alpha PIti Ohiega: Anothei interestihg meeting on Tuesday, December 1, in loom
304 of the Union at 7 *30. Gordon Fredine Nicol, 4053. Reward,
will sjieak and show coloiod films on Minnesota. Business meeting aftciwaids
-GOSSWFIN'
Classified
Ads
Money to loan on diamoiidff, wat<iheB,‘1SfUnB, luggage, typewriters^ Albert's I/oah Ofilcb* 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all mgkes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoflf, 60B Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost—Rhinestone bracelet at Military Ball. Call 8113, room 280. Boys Wanted: The world needs manpower Are you wasting piecious hours. If so, let us pay yon foi them. Apply Purdile Union
Cafetena.
For Sale—Size 40 midnight blue* tux all acetssories Cull 45753 after 0 p, m. For Sale—Royal desk typewriter, in good condition. Very reasonable. Phone 41^63. Lost—Alpha Xi Delta pin. Phone Dorothy
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
AH Sliidenln: Student lutoi^ aic now available foi many subjects Rates aie 60 cents per houi. Apply at Son.iLe Office, Union fiom l lo 5 30 p m -BREWER AH Mole Students: If you desire to enlist in the Aimy Enliblcd Reseive Corps, vou must\place your application now and lollow it up at once No student now m school may bt enlisted aftei Dee. 31, pioccssing of applicants requiies approximately two weeks to complete necaasary physical examinations and allied pnpeis Limited cleiical help will make it impossible to enlist applicants who wait until the Inst minute to apply All anplications should be made in Room B4, Basement of Puiduc Aimoiv
—GRAHAM
Student usher and police for football gam(s get their monev at ticket otfice in I'u Idhnusc after 1 p m Wednesday.
—SANDERS
ERC ApplicniitB: All btudentb who have applied for enhatment in the ERC and have not vet been enlisted, leport to Room B4 in the biibcment of the Armory hefoie noon Saturday to make arrangements, jfoi definite date oL enlistment -GRAHAM
For Sale—Atom, Olilson, Phantoih* piodcl airplane engines. Call 3301’. NnsBttieiev. Wanted—Students to woi*k’pnrt tiipe. Ap-
pb Union Cafetofia.
Lost on November 24—-Key chain with six kevb. between^ Union and CiVil Bldg, Call
1570} Rewawl
YOUNGr LADY for Ml time, or minimum ’ half time, assistant booti;keep<ing position. Apply ^outhworth’s mornipgs.
t DOES YOTIB PEN LEAK? Expert^ Repair SOUTHWORTH'S
Gifts totaling neaily $100,000 were received by the board of regents of the University of Minnesota at a recent meeting.
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St. West Lafayette
. - 111 I
ii ; ill .1 m. bi.; Foul R. R. to Indianapolis, ' 1 i innati: 11:20 a. m , 12:42 p. m.,* 1:20 p. in.,'* 12:20 a. m , 2:40 a. ra.’*‘ ‘Make connection.s foi Cleveland
: nd east.
R. B. Stewart V' dl leave tomorrow for Wash.ngiori to confei with the War Dejiaiinienl on training men in the ^'iji'c ’ nd u'ivcii-ilieb. He has hi < I -I ling 11 a siniilai capacity with the Navy, acting as special consultant within educational insti-
tutions.
yiCTORY
BUY UNITED STATES WAR BONDS AND STAMPS
this clever original ‘‘STA-IN” SMIRT (Registration Applied Fori stays trimly tucked in no matter how active you are!
The seerel lies in a liHle draw-string hidden at the waist, line; it adjusts the fullness and holds the blouse discreetly where It belongs. Of lovely soft crepe rayon, with yoke
back; finely tailored.
With long or short sleeves as shown, sizes 32 to 40. In White, Beige, Rose, Aqua, Copen, Red, Yellow, Kelly
Oreen, Purple, Brown, Black
*4.98
HITS THE MARK FBR 20 MILLION READERS
WASUMTOH Drew Pearson merry-go-rqund
Twenty million people read what Drew Pearson reveals in his column of special report, interpretation' and comment upon national and international affairs and the men who mold them. Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive ne^s-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surface motives and movements—-ablo and unswayed thinking. You’ll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round THE PURDUE EXPDIVEIVT
Saturday^ N&vemoet'~
.0
t h