t H V s'
Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
Volume 52, No. 5
Soturdocy, September 14# 1940
Exponent Calls Out 'New' Sophomore Men, Co-eds Today University sophomore men and co-eds, both those who have worked on the Exponent for a short time and then been called back “to the books” and those who have never worked on the paper, will be given a chance to compete throughout the year for junior associate editorships on the editorial and co-ed staffs if they will meet this afternoon in the Exponent office in the Union, according to D. K. Heiple, managing editor, and Beth Simpson, co-ed editor. Sophomores will he required to work two nights a week until “a decent hour,” and will do regular editorial work, reporting, writing, headline writing and proofreading. Sophomore men will work under junior associate editors, and sophomore co-eds •will be directly responsible to junior co-ed editors, assistants to the junior night editors and who act as day editors. Later in the school year, sophomores will take over junior jobs for a 'trial i>eriod before elections. No previous newspaper experience is necessary, but it may be of some help at the first. A sense of humor, responsibility, a desire to work and a fundamental knowledge of good, plain English are necessary requirements. A training program ■mil be given to all “new” sophomores and freshmem Red Cross Volunteer Service Issues Call For Co-ed Workers All co-eds, business and professional women interested in Red Cross work are urged by the Tippecanoe County Volunteer Service to assist in making surgical dressings in rooms 302, 303 and 304 of the Union. In the near future these offices will be moved to room 57 in the basement of the Union. Mrs. R. B. Wiley is chairman of the committee, Mrs. Edward C. Elliott, vice-chairman and Dr. Louise J. Meikle, chairman of surgical dressings. A national instructor taught 26 Lafayette women to be supervisors and inspectors. The offices wrill be open all day and one evening. Orders to keep all of the dressings in the union came from the national organization this week. These dressings caimot be bought and must be made by volunteer workers. Co-eds are especially requested to help.
Freshmen Dance As Former Frosh Attempt Invasion Freshmen were properly mixed last night in the ballrooms of the'^ Union when the Student Union sponsored a free Freshman mixer. Evidence thaitl they were not so thoroughly mixed in days gone by was furnished by the fact that fewer were lost in the shuffle when upperclassmen moved in. Paul Reedy and-his “Campus Commanders” furnished the music for the affair, against a backdrop depicting a freshman pot, a large gold “P” and the large numerals “44.” Others than freshmen were being weeded out with Prussian-like efficiency as the Union workers at the door questioned each person desiring admittiince on what classes he had attended during the day, military battery, and the like. These facts were confirmed from the schedule offered as proof. Co-eds at the dance were sadly outnumbered as usual the ratio seeming to be about ten to one but probably being somewhat lower. Co-eds were admitted 'without question of course, and were welcomed by the doormen with customary eagerness. It was also noted that ^ds •with dates were given a less strenuous going over on the matter of class status. In past years, Skull and Crescent, sophomore hworary has sponsored the dance but this year the Union took it over. Officials of Skull and Crescent announced that plans for another such mixer under their sponsorsh^ were Wng made although it is not certain that the dance will be held. Home Economics Cafeteria Reopens Lunch will be served in the Home Economics cafeteria starting Monday, September 16, from 11:30 to 1 o’clock every day except Saturday and Sunday, for the benefit of the University students and staff members. As in previous years, sophomore and junior institution majors -will do the larger part of the management under the supervision of Edith Gamble, Institution head. One hundred girls are expected to work. Reservations for special lunches may be mad^ at any time. * Prices for the various dishes served each dajr include “special plate,” 15 cents; salads, 5 and 10 cents; desserts, 5 and 10 cents, and beverages 4 to 6 cents.
P. W. Sfalcup, '29, Killed In Powder Company Explosion Listed among the dead from the explosion that leveled the Hercules Powder company in Kenvil, N. J., yesterday was Paul W. Stalcup, ME ’29, according to a report received by his parents from Kenvil. Estimated losses include 39 men dead, 125 injured and $1,000,000 damage. It is expected by officials of the plant and state police that the dead toll will reach 45 or 50 when the debris is more thoroughly explored. Maintenance Engineer This company manufactures smokeless powder and other explosives, and it was on the smokeless powder line that Stalcup, a maintenance engineer, worked. It was in the process of fulfilling numerous national defense contracts. In the last three months the company has received contracts worth $40,000,000 from the United States government. FBI agents were today engaged in investigating possibilities of sabotage. Unknown Cause The explosion, arising from an unknown cause, rocked the countryside for miles around, reverberations being felt as far away as Danbury, Conn., 125 miles east of Ken•vil. Powder exploded in tWo major blasts, which were followed by lesser concussions and a fire which spread over the tangled mass of ruins and nearby woodlands. Fire stopped rescue work for a time, and threatened an underground powder supply. Another blast, minor to the first two but nosy enough to cause alarm, followed twelve hours later. “Horrible” Devastation The scene at the plant was described as “horrible,” many arms and legs ha-ving been tom from bodies. The Dover General hospital was greatly overcrowded, many of the 'victims finding treatment only in the hallways. Others injured were taken to the St. Mary’s Athletic Hall, the Dover Hospital Nurses’ Home and the All Souls Hospital in Morristo'wn. WRH 'Old Girls' Picnic The annual old girls’ picnic of the Women’s Residence Halls will be held on the South Hall lawn Thursday, September 19 at 4:30. Miss Schleman invites all girls who have ever lived in the residence halls to come back to their old rooms to meet the new girls. The girls li'ving in the rooms now ■will act as hostesses.
K. T. Downs For Special Convo
Dr.F.M.Hall,USNI! Ordered To Report For Active Service Dr. Frank M. Hall of the Student Health Service has just received notice to report Monday for active duty -with the U. S. Naval Reserve Unit stationed at the Indianapolis Armory. As senior medical officer of the unit. Dr. Hall 'will be a senior lieutenant, a rank corresponding to that of captain in the Army. Joined Navy During World War Dr. Hall left his studies at Indiana University to become an ensign in the navy during the World War. After the war he returned to I. U. and completed his medical course. Since the War, Dr. Hall has been a member of the Naval Reserve, only recently completing two weeks of active duty, during which time he was stationed at Indianapolis. He will be granted a leave of absence by the University. Planning Board, University To Hold Meeting !Sept. 19 A conference on coimty planning, soil conservation, and land use, sponsored by the State Planning Board of Indiana in cooperation •with the Engineering Extension Department and Department of Agricultural Extension of Purdue University, is to be held Thursday, September 19, at the conference room. State Board of Health at Indianapolis. The forenoon program includes registration, a discussion of “Conference Objectives” by Prof. G. E. Lommel, of the University faculty and chairman of the State Planning Board. The afternoon program includes discussions of “Land Use Studies” by J. B. Kohlmeyer, Bureau of Agriculture Economics Representative and J. C. Bottum, Extensiqp Leader in Land Use planning; discussion of “Soil Conservation Districts” by W. L. Bayne, State Coordinator, Soil Conservation Service; and a discussion of “County Planning” by Orie Parker, chairman of the St. Joseph County Planning Commission. The meeting •will be adjourned at 4:30.
Chief of INS Paris Branch Returns To U. S.; Speaks Here October 4 Kenneth T. Downs, famed war correspondent of the International News Service, has just been secured as a special convocation speaker, according to an announcement from Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the Convocation Committee. Downs, who has just returned from abroad, will speak at a special convocation, Friday, October 4. This convocation will be one of five speeches scheduled in Indiana for Downs. ■— - - ■ Witnessed Downfall of France As chief of the Paris branch of J^shn collapse of France, * ***■■ / vief Ilf I Dovms was in a position to 'witness at first hand the events leading to this shocking event. At the outbreak of hostilities on the western front last September, Downs left Paris for the 'trenches and on September 23 became the first) American newspaperman to make an unescorted tour of the
battlefront.
His story on the capitulation of France was a seven-hour scoop. Remaining in Paris almost until the Nazi troops entered that dty. Downs was an eyewitness to the fierce resistance offered by the exhausted French troops. His speech •will not be subject to censorship as were his stories from Ehiroiie’s
battlefields.
WS6A Reveals Plans For 'Gold Diggers' Plans for the coming year were discussed at a meeting of the officers of the Women’s Self Governing Association Thursday in WRH
South.
Alice Newton, social chairman, announced that the annua^ Gold Diggers dance -will be held within I the next month. This is the firat deed bid dance of the year for which the co-eds furnish the corsages, dinner, transportation, and cokes. WSGA is also planning a vocational guidance program to be held November 12 and 13. This program, which is being planned by Joyce Bumam, -dee - president, is held every other year. Women prominent in their professions are in'vited to the campus to speak to ^1 the coeds. The vocations covere<i are those which are represented by courses offered to co-eds of the University. Debris Fills Staff Vacancy Carl Shedrick, Pi Kappa Phi, was appointed yesterday to the position of junior editor on the staff of the Debris. He will fill a •vacancy created recently by a resignation.
. . . maestro of the revised Irvan Maury band, wilt lead his band in their first campus engagement this
afternoon.
DANCE V
This Afternoon
P. I. A. will feature music by Darlene Mahns, vocalist, and Maury Mahns’ orchestra at its 'first 'tea dance of the season this afternoon. No dates are required for the dance. Dancing will be from 2:30 to 4:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. All co-eds, and all eds who are P. I. A. members, 'will be admitted free, while admission for others wilPbe ten cents. P. 1. A. memberships will be available at the door.
And Tonight Michael Hauer and his band from Dayton, Ohio -will return to the campus tonight to play for the mixer which will be held in both ball rooms of the Union. The mixer •will be from nine to twelve and the usual price of one dollar -will be continued.
\
Fraternities Announce Fall Rush Week Pledges
Acacia / Frederic Herr, South Bend, Ind.; Frank Hubler, Logansport; Frank Skiimer, Thomtown, Ind.; Hugh Horstman, Alton, 111.; Don Hort, Indianapolis; Edward Klein, Chicago; James Rhodes, Logansport, Floyd Neyhart, Greenstown; Frank Basmes, West Lafayette. Alpha Chi Rho B. E. Adams, Morris, 111.; E. C. Chambers, Oak Park, 111.; K. K. Gjemre, Groverton; E. W. Johnson, Evansville; W. F. McCaughey, Park Ridge, 111.; S. H. Munger, Ft. Wayne; A. E. Perkins, Mishawaka; V. K. Rising, Rochester, N. Y.; T. B. Simon, Tulsa, Okla.; and W. I. Sullivan, Dayton, Ohio. Alpha Gamma Rho Bill Craft, LaPorte; Dick Crane, Rushville; Bill Summer, Owensville; Don Brown, Lafayette; Bob White, Knightstown; Harold Clifton, Rushvillo.
Al^a Tau Omega Bob Bachman, La Porte; Guy Besi^ard, Newark, N. J.; Leland Fishbach, Indianapolis; Miles Stettenbenz, Kenmore, N. Y.; Jack Julier, Whiting; Wallace Gardner,
Pennville; George Booth, Buffalo, dht
N. Y.; Joseph Stoops, Ft. Wayne; Harold Taylor, Muncie; Bob Horten, Chicago, 111.; Charles Graft, Winchester; Parel Strong, New Albany; Jack Krauser, Chicago, 111.;
Charles Bassett, Kokomo.
Hayt, Cincinnati, O.; Wilber Hiller, Indianapolis; John Houston, Chicago, 111.; William Wooden, Martinsville; Henry Pearcy, Martins-ville; John Wislre, Evans'ville; Frank
Perkins, Louis'ville, Ky.
Beta Sigma Psi ] Jim Strasburg, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Elmer Laker, Columbia City; Jack Gaik, Niles, Mich.; Walter Rafert, Indianapolis; Herbert Raffel, Chicago, 111.; Marlin Yoder, Auburn. Beta Theta Pi Jere Mills, Brentwood, Tenn.; William Morgan, Indianapolis; Lardin Hoffman, Franklin, Pa.; Jack
Leonard Brueckner, Pekii^ Hh;
Louis Curdes, Ft. Wayne; Robert Clifford, Indianapolis; Ronald Leffler. New York; Wayne Thornburg, Culver; Edward Reicke, Chicago; Robert Mangum, Walkerton; James Austgen, Hammond; John Clouser, Anderson; John Allen, Kalamazoo, Mich.; Bsnron Tormohlen, Arch Portland; Paul Sobonya, Terre Haute; Harold Sandusky, Mairseil-
les. 111.; Ross Martin, Linden. Delta Tau Delta Charles Lewis, Lafayette; Wil-
bur Schockley, Indianapolis; Bill Harger, Denver, Colo.; Ted Chapman, Crawfordsville; George Heid- \ enreich, Cincinnati, 0.; Arthur Ol-
son, Evanston, 111.; Jack Weaver, Denver, Colo.; Dick Wunderlick, Cleveland, O.; Myrtpn Jones, Columbus; Jim Petty, Warren, 0.; Bill Spieth, Chicago, 111.; Dick Lundquist, Jamestown, N. Y.; Arthur Root, Jamestown, N. Y.; Willard Shelby, Lebanon. Delta Upsilon Barry French, Sioux Falls, S. D.; James Watson, Greenfield; James Barr, Greenfield; Donald Lord, Port Washington, N. Y.; Bill Hames, Ev^ ansville; Bob Michels, Aurora, 111.; Kenneth Roguemore, Chicago, 111.; Van Kipka, Elkhart. Kappa Delta Rho Bob Berger, Schenectady, N. Y.; Donald Corp, Rochester, N. Y.; Ken Dickey, Port Wayne; Bill Eastman, Detroit, Mich.; Tom Fullerton, Chicago, HI.; Bert Hineline, Rochester, N. Y.; Pete lewin, Rochester, N. Y.; Jim Webster, Buffalo, N. Y.; Clet Tepas, Buffalo, N. Y.
Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta
Jim Laufner, Frankfort; Kenny Smock, Indianapolis; Jessie Wright, Anderson; Poster Gauker, Indianapolis; Ernest Baldorff, Pittsburg; Dave Howard, Jefferson'ville; Robert Day, Indianapolis; Alan Hagerman, Lorraine, Ohio; Robert Thiele, Ft. Wayne; Robert Billings, Tulsa, Okla.; Jack Roberts, Anderson; Robert Stephens, Lafayette; Kenny Lynch, Warsaw. Phi Delta Theta Bob Sanders, Indianapolis; Ed Buch, Indianapolis; Bill Edwards, Fairmount; Bob Probeck, Louis'ville, Ky.; Jim Guthrie, Greensbmrg; John Bean, Indianapolis; Ed Divine, Chicago, HI.; Karl Bird, New York City, N. Y.; Jim Tompson, Seymore; Bill Jones, Louisville, Ky.; Bill Cassady, Park Ridge, 111.; Bill Lewell, Stanford, Kans.; Jim Zlatz, Lafayette; Lew Gray, Chiea.«o, 111.
Dick Lancet, Indianapolis; Fred Meyer, Indianapolis; Elvin Seatoi^ Indianapolis; Tom MacRe3naolds, Phoenix, Ark.; Bob Phillips, Phoenix, Ariz; Jim Dunn, Tulsa, Okla.; John Harrison, Miami, Fla.; C. B. Parrish, Mvmcie; Jim Pechin, Lafayette; Bill Levering, Lafayette; Bill Jackson, White Plains, N. Y.; Cortlandt Nelson, Evanston, HI.; BiU Furman, South Bend; Steve Lobdell, Pendleton; Dan Elledge, Paines'viUe, Ohia
Phi Kappa
Rogm^ Bissinnatte, WMcott; Dean Bouton, Amsterdam, N. Y.; Stan .Dobrowski, N. Chicago, HI.; Frank Cortese, Jersey City, N. J.; Stanley Czark, New York; James Griffith, Ft. Wayne; Francis Gupperberger, Batavia, N. Y.; Oliver Heid, Perryavale. Pa.; James .Madde% Chicago; Roger Reed, Ft. We^e; Rohett Runyon, Valparaiso; Walter Sthpi(Continued on pagewmmm
mmm.
' Y'
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, Sdpitember 14, 1940
The Fifth Column In Education At registration the other day among the many cards, pamphlets, and circulars which were thrust into our hands was a little blue booklet which we finally found time to read. This booklet was titled “Honesty.” The title neither aroused nor squelched our curiosity; so we read about “honesty.” And as we read we became conscious of the far reaching aspects of the word. We became even more conscious of the implications of the word “dishonesty.” And suddenly we realized that we were reading of education’s fifth column. Right here at work on this campus is one of youth’s worst enemies. It was dishonesty and corruption that caused the fall of France rather than the force and swiftness of the Nazi attack. Treachery at Sedan and other vital spots may yet bring about the downfall of democracy. That dishonesty in school work might have such far reaching effects is hard to realize, yet no one will deny that courage and character cannot be achieved without individual honesty. And if ever courage and character were needed they are needed today. Freshmen have been warned that Purdue is not the place for loafers. They have been told that the curriculum is “tough.” That they may not be frightened into using dishonest methods to get through Purdue we would like to point out that eleven hundred persons were graduated here last June. That should be proof that it is possible to get through Purdue. But at the same time we would like to warn the freshmen that Purdue is also “tough” on dishonest students. As proof we quote from the “blue book.” IV. “Penalties— ^ 1. Maximum penalty for dishonesty on the first offence shall be suspension from the University for a period of one semester. This max- ’ imum penalty shall be imposed only in cases which have been referred to and tried before the Committee on Promotion of Honesty in Student Work. Minimum penalty for a first offense shall be a grade of D in the course im volved. 2. Penalty for any second offense shall be permanent expulsion from the University. 3. All students convicted of student dishonesty who remain in the University shair be placed on disciplinary probation. The term and conditions of this probation shall be governed
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at tiie post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summeri,,^ssion. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, n^l subscription $8.50. Editor-in-chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager. — Merie Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. .J. H. McKee Managing Editor—. D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Puroell, I.. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Maiuigers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C, E. Dangelihajer: Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff
........... .Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Editor — Associate Editors:
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R, O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005;,. Business 5038; . Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc;, College Publishers Representatives, 420 l^disOn Ave., New York, N. Y. Friday, September 13, 1940.
fraternities (Continued from page 1)
ier, Evansville; Edward Klein, Chicago; Joseph Simmons, Chicago. Phi Kappa Psi Bob Maloney, Oak Park, 111.; Bob DeMars, Indianapolis; Roger Monhanan, Indianapolis; Bill McDonald, Kirklin; Sheldon Sayles, Indianapolis; Roger Sweeney, Lakewood, O.; John Bardy, Portland; Johli Lieber, Hartford City; Chuck Marquis, LaGrarige, 111.; Mervin Bugher, Kokomo; John Uiahd, Vincennes, Bob McIntyre, Indianapolis; Floyd Lawr son, Erie, Pa.; Bob Brodd, Wauwatosa, Wis.;. Bill Rosenbaum, Hartford; Dick Sweetnam, Boston, Mass.; Rick Boynton; Aurora, 111.; Bob Billings, Aurora, 111.; Jack Reifenrath, Lafayette.
Townsend, Downers Grove, 111.; John Morrison, Chicago, 111. Pi Kappa Phi ' John B. Whyman, Lima, O.; Gebrge T. Wilson, South Bend, Ind.; William J. I Badger, Cleveland Heights, O.; JohnM. Merriell, East Cleveland, 0.; and Guy J. Overman, Westfield, O.
Anderson, Indianapolis, Ind!; JamiCs Dyer Jones, Jr., Youngstown, Ohio; Howard Ernest Dentler; Hinsdale, 111.; Charles Biddinger Ainsworth, West Lafayette, Ind.; Robert Ernest Abbott, Elkhart, Ind; Thomas j Jennings tirane, Lebanon, Ind.; Samuel Edward Craigmile, Knox, Ind.; George Earl Klink, Lafayette, Ind.; Merle Butler Rose, Jr., Lftfayette, Ind.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon fgu Xappa Epalon
Skull House
by the Committee on Promotion of Honesty in Student Work. 4. Distinguished rating. (a) A student of junior or senior standing on whom penalty has been imposed Shall not be graduated with distinction. His name shall not appear on the list of distinguished students at the end of that or any subsequent semester and his fees shall not be refunded. (b) A student of sophomore standing on whom penalty has been imposed shall not be eligible for distinguished rating on work done before he has attained senior standing. He shall not be graduated with distinction. (c) A student of freshman standing on whom penalty has been imposed shall not be eligible for distinguished rating on work done before he has attained junior standing. He may be graduated with distinction. 5. Any devision which would separate a student from the University shall be submitted to the Faculty for approval.” This is indeed the time to be honest. In keeping with President Elliott’s “fitness pro^ gram,” may We suggest to the freshmen, “Get started on the right foot!” And to the upper classmen who have shown any tendencies to slip, “We’re starting another new school year. Let’s make it a profitable one—mentally and morally!’’ \ :
Bob Bidgood, Wheaton, 111.; Bob Smith, Portland; Bill McKee, Highland Park, 111.; Bill Kellner, Highland Park, 111.; Mel Stinchfield, Valparaiso. Phi Kappa Tau Warren Wickes, Hempstead, N. Y.; Paul Neuhauser, Bluffton; Robert Hodapp, Louisville, Ky.; David Eden, Chicago; Charles Bickel, Louisville, Ky.; Louis Gardner, Hodgenville, Ky.; William Finnegan, Chicago; Robert Chester, Vin-
Pi Kappa Alpha Arthur Twent, Indianapolis; Herbert deBruyn, Chicago, 111.; Bill Plemipg, Battle Creek, Mich.; Charles Martin, Indianapolis; Harvard
Certain South Sea islands are stUl unsafe for white men because of savage tribes. Malaita of the Solomon group is one of these.
The largest natural pearl on record was only slightly more than one inch in diameter and scarcely exceeded 500 grains in weight.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Tfpewriten and adding machine, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable t^rpewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeoeraph and multiKraph work. C. F. Eberahoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
Newman Club: All Catholic eds and coeds be at the “Get Together” dance tomorrow night in St. Mary’s Auditorium at 9 o’clock. It’s your dance: be there. 9-14 —HENNA.
Exponent'Co-ed Sophomores: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on days assignedl —SIMPSON.
Aspirant Exponent Workers: There will be a meeting Saturday, September 14, at 1 p. m, in the Exponent office in the Union for all sophompres who have not previously been workers on the Exponent.
Scriveners: Important meeting Sunday, September 15, at 7:30-p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —RIEGLE.
Sophomore Baseball Managers: Sophomore baseball managers report at varsity equipment cage in the Fieldhouse, Saturday, September 14, at 1:00 p. m. —DAVIS-REGERRIS.
Zouaves: Those members who wish to be active this year will meet in the Armory at 4 p. m., Monday, September 16. —GIBSON.
For Rent; Half of large student room: twin beds, shdvver, soft and hot water. 726 North Main, Phone 65304.
Varsity Baseball: Varsity baseball practice Saturday, September 14, at 1:30 p. m. —PEHRING.
Christian Science Organization': First regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 238 of the Union. ' —MACK.
For Rent: One-half of a double room. Innerspring matress, warm, clean room. $11.00. 45841. 514 Dodge St.
A senior EE wants roommate. Good location. 112 S Grant St. Opposite Union Building.
Notices
No notices received after 6 p. m. Gymnastic Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Sept. 17 in room 104 of the fieldhouse. All students interested in gymnastics are invited to attend. —MARKHAM.
Agriculture Education Society:.. Important organization meeting, Tuesday, Sept. 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. All in Agriculture Education option are urged to be present. —CROOKS.
Senior Co-eds: Visit desk in Union lobby between 2 and 4 Saturday, Sept. 14 for definite information regarding senior jackets. Watch this column Sunday. —CHANDLER.
Military Students: Any men students may sign Up beginning Tuesday, September 17, in the .supply room of the armory for pistol firing. First group starts September 24. —WASSMAN. ,
Modem Dance: Important meeting of all who were members last spring at 2 today in Memorial Gym. Rehearsals for program at W. A. A. meeting Tuesday will be held. . —SWOPE. Student Senate: Meeting at 7:30, Tuesday, September 17, in Senate ofllce. Old and new members please come. —LAYSON.
Student Senate: First meeting of Student Senate Tuesday, September 17, at 7:30 p. m. in the Senate office. —LAYSON.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 19, at 7:16 p. m. in room 805 of the Union. Ail members please be present. 9-19 —PITCHER.
Camera Club: All members who have material in lockers in the darkrooms should leave their name and position of the locker that tisey are using on the form in the dhrkroom book at the West desk. This ahould be done before Saturday, September 2l8t or the locks will be cut and the contents removed, 944 —GBPHART.
A MERRY MERGER OF LOVE AND LAUGHTER!
with Alan Marshal Eugena Pallella • Unja OXgnnor
Starts ibDAY MARS
LUMA SUN. - MON.~2 HITS!
*w. GEORGE TOBIAS LUCILE FAIRBANKS-ERNEST TRUEX
Plus
FOUR SONS Don Araeche • Eugenie Leontovich Mary Beth Hughes * Alan Curtis George Ernest • Robert Lowery Lionel Royce Sig Rumann ,
LAST DAY--2 FEATURES RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE
'LEATHER PUSHERS" — ALSO
GENE AUTRY - in, ’ 'Ride Tenderfoot, Ride"
A iGolutribld -Picture'
-AND-
"FIGHTING MAD J ■-YY... ; ■/-WITH'.- v;' : .•i.' .-Yv;JAMES NEWmi^ SALiY BUNE:*.M|LbUH^ SIP.NE./ - ITBRION PICTURE '
— ALSO-
Fred Bisef, Cincinnati, Ohio; D. L. Blue, Flint, Mich.; R. B. Bozell, Detroit, Mich.; R. J. Dannemiller, Akron, Ohio; T. L. Greenwood, Webster Grove, Mo.; K. D. Halberg. Park Ridge, 111.; D. C. Jordan, Albany, N. Y.; A. Larson Morrison, Minerva, Ohio; G. H. Lovette, Cincinnati, Ohio; R. L. Page, Lafayette; D. M. Schwarm, Cincinnati, Ohio; W. H. Stanton, Cincinnati, Ohio; R. L. TenEyck, Cincinnati, Ohio; G. H. Wheldon, Indianap-
olis, Ind.
Sigma Alpha Mu Bernhard Berman, Chicago; Allan Cohen, Hammond; Louis Cohen, Indianapolis; Meyer Evanson, Chicago; Morton Isaacs, Helena, Ark.; Edward Lang, Chicago; Stanley Lowy, Washington, D, C.; John Mestel, New York; Malvern Schweig, St. Louis, Mo.
Kenneth Berton Clark, Robinson, 111.; Clarence William Turner, Jr., Robinsoti, III.; Richard Burke Manwaring, Mentpne, Ind.; John D. Sttiith, Jr., Tipton, Ind.; Vefn Gene King, Crown Point, Ind.; Richard
llAllI
^TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE JOE E. BROWN in WIDE OPEN FACES — PLUS — --
HEART OF THE NORTH In Technicolor
MIDNITE PREVIEW TONITE
A LAUGH FEST! ASONGFEST! A GIRL FESTJ IT'S THE biggest SHOW IN TOWN MAN ABOUT TOWN — WITH.^ JACK BENNY "ROCHESTER" DOROTHY LAMOUR PHIL HARRIS
uotmau NOW PLAYING
THRILL FOR THRILL . . . STAR FOR STAR . . . the mightiest screen entertainrnent of them all!
MBU mfltr-uijiR
Prices This Attraction Only MATINEE Main Floor 40e -j- 4c Tax == 44c Balcony 3le-f 4cTax = 35o NIGHTS & ALL DAY SUNDAY Main Flogr 54e -t-^Tax —60c Balcony 40e 4e"rax = 44o Children-—15o any time
Harold Canada, JaifieBtqwn; Jack Westj Glosstpooi;', llL; Dotiald Schramski, Souti\, Bend; Robert Hajzyk. South Bend; Notman AllBn, Hammohd; Bob Hdwaltd» Goshen.
Theta Xi
Jim Kafn, Jackson, Mich.; Bob Visin, Cicero, 111.; John Heater, Flossmore^ 111.; Jim Hobson, Flossmore, 111.; George Petreej Attfbra, 111.; Dan McLaughlin, Westwood, N. J.; Art Woods, Syracuse, N. Y.; Dan Commingore, West Lafayette; Phil Hancock, Lafayette.
Dealers in Parker’s Quink UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Acrois from the VtUoh Next to the CoUege Inn Cafeteria M, C. “Red” Saminoiu *29 R. W. “Doc” Epple *40
bi#
FREDA. 0lRCHA\0RE"UniversitybTGeorgiaGru4oate . WAS NEARLY EATEN ALIVE BY ATIGER AS HE LAV ALONE ANPEXHAUSrED/NTHEWIlDSOFBORMA. SOPDENLY THAT MAN-EAT/NGTTGER FELL PEAD BESIDEH/Alf FRED LIVED ToTELLWHV/N H!5 EXCITING NEW B0OK.“AR0aNDTHEWORLD ON ABICYaE" BUT WAIT-
Soon THERB\FrER.THI5DARING YOUNG CYCLIST WAS BARELY SAVED FROM DROWNING WHEN HIS BAMBOO RAFTCAPSIZED INASWIFT SWOLLEN JUNGLE STREAM IN A WILD ANIMISI TRIBAL COUNTRY. “MY CAMERA,FILMS AND ALLOTHER EQUIPMENT WERE RUINED,"HEWROrETHEPARKER PEN COMPANY. “BUT MV most VALUABLEAS5ET WAS UNHARMED^ THIS WAS HUNDREDS ofPAGES ofNOTES ON MY ’ RAREAOVENTORES-WRlirENWIIHPARKERPERMAHENT Qufn/CTHAT I BOUGHT IN ATHENS,GA. WHEN I STARTEOOUr “ASSOON A5IREACHEDANATIVE HUTandDRIED THeWATER-SOAKED PAGES.I FOUNDTHaRGONDITION PERFECT-NOTA SMEAR ON ASINGLE PAGE. MV PARKER PEN HAD NEVER ONCE FAILED ME, AND NOW PARKERPERMANENTOumJt-INACRlSIS THAT 1 DIDN'T THINK ANV INK COULD STANPCmETHROUQH tOO'^or _ Parker _ Oii/izA: Does WHAT MOOTMERINK canOo.' ITPRiES3l% QUICKER THAN AVERAGE ON PAPERYETPOESNOTDRYW — — V00RPeN.irCLEAN5ESyO0RP£HASirWRltfes APARKERORAWyoiIHERFfN-PieESrSflNDDISSOWE DETO1T3 LEFT BV PEN-CLOGGING INKS. . TWO'KINDS-PERMANENrflNOWASHABiE-BoTH IN RICH. BrilliantcoLORs-NEVERWAifefi' PARKERQii/nA FROM AN' STORE SELLING INK-|5<t,«(o254“ANI>y00R PB Wia WORK LIKE A CHARM, ‘Reg. U. s. iCt. oi i?elieve/t orYVbt.i'T
fs , V W «/■ >11 ^ i ^f[^VpanP A Hn- “ ' ■
Saturday. September 14. 1940
PUBDUE EXi»ONENT
An Irislmiais Ulision
By Joseph Patrick Ddlan Boy! Kfave I seen a kickef or have I? Thursday, while watching the freshmhn football squad perform in limbering-up exercises by punting, passing, and receiving pigskins, I saw a young man, William Fields by name, kicking field goals from somewhere in the dressihg room and punting long and high enough to give St. Peter a squint at the ball. —I-I— Bill kicked twenty-five placekicks starting from the ten yard line and backing up a few yards or so on each effort. All-in-all, he sent twenty-two out of twenty-five through the cross rights, and the longest kick he made from placement was forty-seven yards from the goal line. And faith and bejabbers that's darn right phenomenal. Bill can pass too, but he’s very weak on defense and running power, as he weights but 166; however, Notre Dame possessed such a kid last season (to Purdue’s discomfort) and he was the difference between defeat and victory on three occasions. _I.I_ Coach Elmer Burnham, one of the most understanding men I’ve ever known, and our freshman football coach was watching his charges and trying his best to remember names and faces, and that’s a job that Jim Farley would have an L of a time doing. Burnham, has one
of the most impoirtant jobs in the athletic department. 1 Each fall. Coach Burnham is faced tvith the biggfest bunch of dizzy be - crysanthemumed cuties fresh from high school gridiron stardom that any grid fan has ever seen, assembled in a mid-West school, and the psychology and patience Elmer maintains in dealing with such conceited yOuth (they Soon get it kicked out of them) is slowly qualifying him for a position in the hall of fame for patience and tact and ability in the field of football. —I-I— The proposed renovation of changing a few of our minor letter sports sdch as wrestling, swimming, tehnis, and the like to major letter sports hsa passed the insighia board and now hangs fire before the athletic director and his board for a veto or acceptance. —I-I— The minor squad coaches and myself sincerely hope that such a change in athletic policy is passed, since such a move would not only encourage better participation in the sport but also assist in drawing good athletes to Purdue who go elsewhere because at Purdue their favorite sport is a minor letter award. —I-I— Make the stipulations for achieving a major letter as tough as the roughest, but let’s have the adoption of major letters for all—almost all. -1-1— And if you think that Purdue’s going to be pushed around in football by Indiana or anyone else, you are mistaken. Those big boys aren’t fooling in practice and neither are the coaches.
AT FIRST every student learns to read BUT NOW you read to learn, and it is important that you be visually efficient at the near point task. If you have any discomfort when reading, a complete visual analysis of your eyes may make the difference between success and failure. Dr. A. ENZ, Jr. OPTOMETRIST 607 MAIN ST.
y
BEFOKTOUBUrANTREFRKiQUIOR
I F you’ll do that... if you’ll let us tell you all about the amazing 1940 air-conditioned ICE refrigerator and compare it point by point with the other types.. .we’ve no doubt what your decision will be. Remember, you’ll have to live with that new refrigerator for years to come. Choose carehilly! Come to qpr showrooms and get the facts about the modern ICE refrigerator now.
THIS BEAUTIFUL BIG Rioon ONLY
$59.59
mB rmi... We'll gladly deliver a 1940 ICE refrigerator for you to try without risking a penny. Then buy If on our EASY TERMS.
Lafayette Ice & Coal Co.
4th and Salem Sts., Phone 5078 4th and Salem Sts.
Cary Hall Breaks From Ward System For the first time in the twelve yfear span that) has marked the steady (Climb of interest in Intramural sports, Cary Hall will break away from the company of the West Lafayette Ward teams and start a sports program of fts own. In years past, Cary Hall and Ward teams have met on the intramuml fields and vied for the honor of possessing the greatest number of points/at the end of the year. This year the intramural program will revolve about a trio of tournaments. The fraternities, thC Wards, and the Cary Halls will battle it out for top honors in their own di-
visions.
Thirteen Sports The break-away will feature an efficiently run series of thirteen sports that will keep the newly formed teams busy throughout the entire year. South Hall has been divided into five teams and the remainder of the halls into two. Intramural managers have been appointed to see that the team is informed of forthcoming games and to keep harmony between the Halls and the Intramural office. As a special incentive to participation, trophies will be awarded to the winning team in each sport and medals will go not only to the winners but also to the members of the runner-up team. The awards will be presented at special banquets that will be held at the end ^ of each semester. The largest prize of all will be the participation cup that vdll go to the team that has amassed the greatest total of points during the year. Point System The point system is based on a credit of 60 points for participation in a major sport and 40 points for entering a minor sport. The winner in each will receive 10 points and the second place team, 6 points. Any team that does not show up for a scheduled game will automatically forfeit the game and lose points equal to their participation points divided by the number of games in that particular sport. The five major sports are Class A and B basketball, baseball, softball, and touchball. The remaining eight sports are classed as minor sports and included in this category are tennis, swimming, track, and others. The program will begin this coming Tuesday with the playing of the softball practice games. A week later, the regular series of softball games will begin.
Gpnasis Turn Out ForFirsiFradke
Starting practice early for what they hoped to be an active year in their sport, members of the local gymnast club turned out for their first workout of the season, yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. Although no gymnast team is officially sponsored on the Boilermaker campus, the gymnast club has in past years been quite active. Besides having several meets last 3rear with other schools, the club sponsored an exhibition between the halves of one oi the Conference basketball games. The demonstration was well received by the audience and the club expects to schedule similar shows this year. In addition, the club expects to have several meets with neighboring schools before the end of the year.
Emrick Announces Band Promotions Eight seniors and three juniors were appointed to the rank of commissioned officer of the Purdue Military and Symphonic Band last night, according to an announcement from Professor P. S. Emrick, director of the Band. M. H. Smith, senior science student, was promoted to the position of Brevet Captain and Band Adjutant, maintaining his former rating of Chief Drum Major. Bvt. Captain and Band Adjutant and Chief Drum Major, M. H. ant Director, H. A. Todd; 1st LieuSmith; 1st Lieutenant and Assisttenant and Concert Meister, R. A. Krull; Bvt. 1st Lieutenant and Senior Military Officer, J. E. Grim; Bvt. 1st Lieutenant and Personnel Officer, P. E. Hassler; ?nd Lieutenant and Publicity Officer, E. J. Mundorf; 2nd Lieutenant and Band Quartermaster, J. M. Hannon; Bvt. 2nd Lieutenant and Band Librarian, C. B. Gaugh; Bvt. 2nd Lieutenant and Detail Officer, C. R. Watson; Bvt. 2nd Lieutenant and Supply Officer, P. J. Fenn; Bvt. 2nd Lieutenant and Junior Military Officer, A. L. Clifford. Non-Commissioned Officers Technical Sergeant, G. W. Ely; 1st Sergeant'in charge of all Details, C. G. Yates; Sergeant in charge of Equipment Detail, J. L. Hole; Sergeant in charge of Percussion Detail, R. J. Goers; Sergeant of Publicity, N. L. Downing; Sergeant Librarian, A. L. Flackbert; Sergeant .Drum Major and as-
CROWN LAUNDRY
Continues to Lead:
1HE FAMOUS
ng)AfH) »Nc
GUARANTEE CONTINUES! We are very glad to announce that Crown Laundry — as in the year just past—will * continue to GUARANTEE for one full year all new shirts dated by us and laundered by us exclusively. This famous “Dated Laundered Shirts” guarantee is based on confidence in our modern, scientific laundering methods. It’s POSITIVE PROOF of careful launderitig . . . extta care that saves you money!
We do EVERYTHING with “Dated Laundered Shirts” care.
Phone 5078
CROWN LAUNDRY Fine Cteanera of Fine Cl(othea
Possible Backfield Jasebail'jBriUObl Combinations Take Man Has Led A'sFor Form During Drills Many Hard S^ons
Possible backfield combinations began to take form yesterday afternoon as Coach Mai Elward continued intensive drill for the Purdue gridiron squad that opens its season here two weeks from today against a dangerous Butler eleven that was undefeated last season. In one likely looking backfield combination, Marion ♦‘Red” Carter, sophomore brother of Jim Carter of “Touchdown Twin” fame, appeared at left halfback, with Mike Byelene, the last of the “Three Bees” at right halfback. John Petty, senior who has shown tremendous improvement since he rid himself of handicapping injuries, was at fullback, and Bob Kersey, junior reserve, at quarterback. Another ball-carrying foursome had the veteran John Galvin at left halfback;, Paul Anderson, husky Wrd driving sophomore, at right halfback; Hal Schumacher, junior reserve at fullback, and Jim Cary, speedy sophomore, at quarterback. Still striving to rebuild the forward wall, Elward devoted considerable attention to both Clarence Kjellberg, tackle, and Bill Combs, end, who have shown to advantage iij recent drills. A pair of sophomores, Marion “Red” Carter and Bill Buffington, were among the most effective punters during a lengthy kicking scrimmage sessiop that featured Purdue’s gridiron drill yesterday afternoon. The sophomore duo, along with the veterans John Petty and John Galvin, attracted considerable attention with their consistent ^oots. Clarence Kjellberg, ’junior reserve from Chicago, was moved into the first string line at tackle as a result of improved performance.
Remembef’^Cold ALONE /s not enough!
PHONE 4073
sistant to Band Adjutant, J. B. Whyman; Supply Sergeant, R. K. Cast; Sergeant, assistant to Personnel Officer, C. G. Moon;' Sergeant in charge of Quarters, D. H. Haines; Sergeant in charge of Chair and Rack Detail, V. D. Lawhead; Corporal' in charge of Quarters, P. C. Johnson; Principal Field Trumpeter, W. J. Frantz; 1st Field Trumpeter, M. F. Anderson; 2nd Field Trumpeter^ F. J. Hemler. Baseball Manager Cali Issued Today Sophomore men wishing to fill the post of baseball manager during the next two seasons are requested to report to Managers Davis and Keggeris Monday afternoon at 4:00 on the old varsity playing field on North Intramural Field. During the sophomore year, the aspirants for the managers position on Purdue’s baseball team work during freshman and varsity practice during the fall and coming spring. At the end of the spring season, two sophomores are picked from the group to be managers of the squad during their senior as well as junior years; however, as junior managers, the two automatically become junior managers. As junior managers, the two junior managers organize the sophomores and train the beginners in the duties of handling baseball
By Boh Swolm Connie Maek, when in Lafayette with his Philadelphia Atideties last Monday, gave thorough justification for his title, “the grand old man of baseball.” Shortly before the exhibition game with the Lafayette Red Sox, we had a short talk with Mr. Mack at one of the east side hotels where he generously imparted to us many facts about his ball club and current baseball topics. The 78-year-old manager of the A’s has lived an entire life of baseball, starting on the vacant lot when a baseball-mad kid and then working into the major leagues as a catcher. Named manager of the A’s when the American league was formed, he has been mansgOr of the same team for forty years, during which time his teams have ridden high with world’s championships, but have also found themselves in every other notch in the league’s final standings. Building Anothmr After fifty years of association with big league baseball, Connie is now building another top-notch ball team. Although the club seems doomed for la^t place this season, his young ball team, with players averaging about 23 years old, is gaining valuable experience, and is recognized as a real pennant threat in two or three years. Mr. Mack’s viewpoints toward what he terms “the best race in 20 years” now in progress in the American league aren’t based on snap judgment. “I feel that the Yanks are up against it. They are on the road for 16 of the last 20 days, while the remaining games of Detroit and Cleveland are mostly at home.” Here’s A1 Simmons Seeing A1 Simmons at the cigar coimter, we thanked congenial Connie Mack for his time and hastened to get a few words from the veteran outfielder before he left the hotel. The 38-year-old Simmons is now only a part-time player, giving much of his time to coaching duties. The outfielder showed much interest in the Boilermaker prospects, but was much less talkative about his own achievements. During the conversation a telegraph messenger boy, about ten years old, rushed tip to Simmons, out of breath and overwhelmed with excitement. “Mr. Simmons, may I be your bat boy tonight? I’d kinda lilre to ’cause —^well, you know.” ^ An agreement was finally struck upon between the two. If the boy would be at the hotel when the team left for Columbia Park, he could be bat boy. That night he pridefully guarded the bats and gathered up all of the stray ones. Simmons, once valued at $150,000 for his baseball talents, has been in the majors for 17 seasons. While playing with the Chicago White Sox, he was the closest friend of a rookie catcher, Dutch Fehring, who was up for a trial with the Windy City club, Simmons described the young receiver, who is now head coach of the Boilermaker baseball team, as “a promising young catcher who could have had a good ftiture in professional baseball.”
equipment; and as senior managers, the managers sit around, give orders and take the usual spring southern vacation trip.
YOUR NEEDS SUPPLIED WITH AMERICA'S NO. I VALUES
FRIGIDAIRE electric refrigerator and ranges PERMUTIT water softeners EASY washers and ironers L 85 H gas ranges ZENITH radios / SUNBEAM toasters, Shavemaster, Mixmaster, Ironmaster, etc. UNIVERSAL irons, toasters, percolators, etc. NESCO electric roasters PYRteXWARE GENERAL ELECTRIC Mazda lamp bulbs PFROMMER BROTHERS
707 Main St.
fSTABLISHED 1920
NmmiCISStejyfV';f. *' 11'/^', ;_ ’ Irfft’’"'''” •
PUSDOE~ EXPONENT
Sotuidoy* September 14. 1940.
Church Directory
'Boom Town' - - Now Showing On Lafayette Screen
West Lafayette Baptist Choreh’* 9:30 a. m.—Class. Prof. Ted Noss, teach^. 10:35 a. m.—Church Worship. Sermon by pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason, “You Cannot Dodge God.” The choir, directed by Ivah Gruver Price, -will sing “My God and I.” Alberta Schmad- , el of Purdue will sing “My Lord is My Shepherd” by . Idddle. 5:80 p. m.—^Fellowship Hour directed by Majorie Patrick. 6:00 p. m.—^Ten cent lunch. / 6:30 p. m.—Discussion group. Dr. Earl Butz will speak on the subject;, “The Student and Campus Living.”
Methodist Wesley Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Simday School. Co-ed classes at the Wesley Poundation, 436 State St. Teachers—Miss Coolidge and
Sirs. McFadden.
Men’s Student Classes at the diurch, N. Chauncey and South Sts. Teachers — Dean Fisher and Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon: “The Voice Divine” by Dr. O. S. Steele. Two an-
thems by the choir.
6:16 p. m.—Student supper at the
Foundation, 15 cents,
p. m.—^Fellowship Hour at
the* church.
p. m.—Discussion groups on “Being Christian at College.” Leaders: Dean Fisher, Miss Coolidge, Miss Sunderlin, T. K. Noss, and Mr. Leevy. p. m.— Worship under the leadership of Bonnie Swope.
A Star-Packed Cast in an Action-Packed Picture . . . Spencer Tracy, Hedy Lamarr, Claudette Colhort and Clark Gable as they appear on the Lafayette screen in “Boom Town,” smashing adventure drama of two wildcat oil men who fight their way to success with oili gold and women as the stakes.
low. Leaves from 126 S. Chauncey. Cost for food—20 cents.
(St.
6:00
6:30
7:16
Episcopal
John’s Church, Sixth and
Perry Sts.)
. 8:30 a. m.—^Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m.—^Morning prayer and sermon by rector.
Lutheran (St. James, Eighth and Cincinnati Streets) t 10:00 a. m.—Morning services. ■
Purdue Christian Foundation (Lafayette Christian Church, Sixth and North Sts.) 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Bob Belcher, executive secretary of the Purdue ReligioT|lis Council, will teach. 10:40 a. m.—Church service. Doyle Mullen, minister of the Lafayette Christian Church, will preach on the subject, “Science and the Rose.” 4:30 p. m.—^Hike to Happy Hoi-
University Presbyterian Church 9:30 a. m.—^Dr. L. M. Sears, Purdue Department of History, will speak to the Sunday morning discussion group. 10:45 a. m.—Worship and Preaching Service at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and' Columbia, Lafayette, Mr. Findley preaching. 6:00 p. ra.—Sunday evening club meets at University Church for dinner.
Bold and Black First classes have been attended, good resolutions have been made, frosh have been rudely awakened, or at least almost, good resolutions have been broken, fees have been paid, checks have been padded, books still aren’t bought and a new semester is under way. Egad what a thought! t:00 p. m.—Sunday evening club program — Mr. Enrique J. Quintana, of Havana, Cuba, will speak on “Political and Social conditions in Cuba.” All are invited.
For the edification of all those coeds who intend to go through rush, let us tell the qualifications necessary for each as set by one of our female acquaintances— —B & B— If you are short, pudgy, and punchy—go Pi Phi. If you are tall, lean, and blonde —the Kappas will have you. If you are tall, lean, and bn^^tte —the Thetas for you. If you wear glasses and like beer —don’t forget the Chi O’s. If you would like to infest the card room—see the Alpha Chi’s. All the rest—all the rest.
Senior Cords Genuine Hockmyer rfu yN 44^ Slide Rule Pocket, Talon Fly TC Canes 39c
Student Study Lamps Lr"- : 69)^
Work Suits For Shop and $“1.69 Foundry -1-
Largest Selection of Leather Jackets and Sweaters in town.
Laundry Mailing Bags Heavy Fibre
Come in and select yours now.
Your always welcome at Penney’s where you’ll find the latest in college clothes at reasonable prices.
« 4Timprove ItE^aler-BWttat a new
The , uNivERSiry «5.oo Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a feltbindingofeontrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
3S8 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t*nEa. U. 8. PATENT orPICE
THE WORD "QUALITY " Every person, should consider ‘‘Quality”. When sending your Dry Cleaning to the cleaners, remember this statement .... “West Side Cleaners Inspects each article cleaned before returning it to the customer.” (Jhanhu^ ... .... dtsifbcuAim^
CLEANERS
66
99
true sign of satisfaction and agreement Northwestern and Vine Across from Fire Station Phone 4081
President Hames Belcher Secretary President of Purdue Religious .Council, Henry Mangus, Thursday announced the appointment of Robert Belcher as executive secretary of the Religious council. Belcher has been on the council for the past two years as graduate representative of the Purdue Christian Foundation. Belcher who is from Williamsburg, Ky. received his A. B. from Berea College in 1938 and for the past two years has been a graduate assistant in Biology here. He has had maiiy positions with various religious groups and during the past summer was a director of the Freshman camp. This past summer he also served as Indiana organizer for the “Keep America Out of War” Congress. \ Purdue Religious Council is composed of five representatives of each of the seven organized religious groups on the campus. These organizations are: Roger Williams Club (Baptist), Purdue Christian Foundation (Disciples), Hill el Foundation (Jewdsh), Y. W. C. A., Episcopal Group, Wesley Foundation (Methodist), and Westminster Foundation (Presbsrterian). This organization acts as a coordinator for the separate groups and carries
ASME to Discuss Plans At Meeting September 19 Activities for the coming year will be discussed by the student branch of the ASME at their annual membership meeting which will be held in the north ballroom of the Union, Thursday, September 19. The student heads of the chapter will meet today for a preliminary discussion of the activities and to name a speaker for the meeting. Sample copies of “Mechanical Engineering” will be distributed and refreshments will be served. Those wishing to join the University student branch will be given a chance to at this meeting. on such projects as Religious Emphasis Week, Student Relief Drive, New Student Party, Freshman Cmap, and. Scarecrow Ball.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Sepf. 18, 7^30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 19, 7:30 P. M. Children's Classes Sat., Sept. 21 PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S eiH 4 FERBI
Get Off to a Flying Start
in a
Yellow Cab PHONE 3071 or 5023
Yellow Cab Co. Quick Service is Our Specialty
I
I i
If you need glasses come in and have your eyes examined by Dr. C. A. Manker, registered optometrist—office at Dame fis Wilsons. You can pay in easy weekly or monthly terms.
STUDENT ACCOUNTS INVITED WATCHES •— DIAMONDS — JEWELRY
You will find only the best at Dame & Wilson a^d unlimited selections. Why nof open an account? You pay just a little each week or month. You are always welcome here.
DAME & WILSON NEXT POOR TO LUNA THEATRE
.A'fci.Vu.