i
r
.rVS
I
i
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-OTNE
Lafayette, Indiana, Saturday, October 2, 1937
NUMBER 17
Boilermakers Attempt To Break Ohio State Jinx Today
All American Ratings
—ByCHRISTY WALSH— Member All-America Board of Football
The barrier went down last Saturday on a hundred gridirons with more'' teams of championship caliber involved than is customary on get-away day. The result is an early index of a bumper crop of halfbacks and linemen whose exploits will soon command the attention of sport page readers and vie with veteran varsity stars for a place in the headlines of a new season.
The first group of ten names to earn a Card af Merit are listed below and without further notice, they are fully assured of consideration by All-America Board in late November. Eighty additional names will follow, ten each week based on the recommendations from newspaper writers, coaches and the gridiron officials in all parts of the country. Football fans should follow this weekly rating list as an authlentic, unerring indication of the All America lineup for 1937. The board wdll make its final choice from the completed list of 90 names.
DAVIS. Indiana. Fullback. Carrying the major part of his team’s assault and delivering two touchdowns at the conclusion of long, down-field marches, this wideshouldered, 200 pound fullback was the main cog in a Hoosier’s football machine that easily defeated Centre College. The losers failed to play the game brand of football expected, but the tireless battering of fullback Davis, was enough to discourage an even better foe.
WASKOWITZ. Washington. Halfback. Staging a finished exhibition of early season passing, this Hu^ky captain furnished the inspiration and the opportunity that enabled his teammates to white-wash the visitors from Iowa in a hardfought game. Forward passing, like pitching in baseball, invariably improves as the schedule gets under way but Waskowitz already appears to be in mid-season condition. (Continued on page 3)
Exponent Will Carry All-American Ratings
With today’s issue of the Exponent, a very popular feature of last year’s paper returns. Christy Walsh’s “All-America Ratings,” the first release of which for the season is dated today, provides accurate advance information of the All, America lineup for 1937. Each week, ten college gridsters are selected by sportsman Walsh and his All-America Board of Football on the basis of their performance in regular varsity games. The men are awarded a “card of merit” and are automatically certified to the All America Board for consideration in the final determination of the 1937 lineup. The Exponent, carrying this feature exclusively in Lafayette, is offering its readers a chance to get. a preview of the final lineup and become acquainted with the names that will make football NEWS during 1937.
Public Service, Ind. Educ. Seniors Not Eligible For Prize
Cocky Robbins Plays For PIA Fall Dance
Cocky Robbins, last night, supplied music for the annual fall P. I. A. dance. Robbins’ “Dixieland swing” ehtertained the 400 couples from 9 to 12. The dance initiated the P. I. A.’s year’s activities. Robbins’ band, this summer, has played at Lake Wawasee and Manitou. Features of the evening were beautiful Arlene Owens, and the Robin Hood trio, made up of Miss Owens and brothers Max and Fred Murray.
Further complications in the Cord pay patrade aftermath developed last night when the Dean of Mechanical Engineering, G. A. Young, just returned from a four-day visit in Chicago, announced the public service and industrial education schools were not eligible to compete for his trophy, originally offered to the University school showing the best turnout at the parade. Professor Young said both the electrical and mechanical engineering schools boast a perfect attendance for last Saturday’s parades, to make a total of four schools now claiming 100 per cent showings. Senior public service engineers on Monday and seniors ,in industrial education, on Thursday, had previously reported their entire schools present in the parade.
Lafayette C. of C. Offers Window Display Award
Universify Club To Hear Hall Quartet At Picnic
Complete plans for the' University Club picnic and outing, thi| afternoon and evening, include a softball game, supper and music. The softball game will be between members of the agriculture staff and the science and' engineering staffs combined. The picnic starts at 2:30 p. m. and the game at 3 p. m. Supper will begin at 5 p. m., -with ladies serving the food, and will be followed by a musical program which will be given by the Poster Hall quartet from Indianapolis.
Pink Powder Puff Adorns Pot Of Only Male Home Ec
By Jerry Torrence, Jr.
You’ll be sure to know him on any part of the carppus by his freshman pot. Very unique in that it has a bright pink powder puff sewed on its peak, this pot sits on the head of the only male freshman ever to take a stab at the trials and tribulations of a Purdue home economics course. Harold Hawes, our young hero from Indianapolis is very firm in upholding his choice of school. He says, that to his knowledge there are only two men dieticians with degrees in these entire United States. Both of these are at Battle Creek, Mich., where Harold would have gone had not circumstances intervened. So anyone can see what a marvelous future a young man seeking an uncrowded field has. Women Rebel While attending the Arsenal Technical high school, Indianapolis, Harold took one and a half years of home economics. He plans to major in dietetics at Purdue, after which he hopes to become a hospital interne. Having conversed with many women w'ho are in the dietetics field, our chum says that most of his fu-
ture colleagues are very sour on the idea of a man entering their field. He states further that many of them are so vociferous in their agitation as to practically cuss him out. Ah, but what is our young friend’s opinion of Purdue co-eds ? On this, he absolutely refuses to release any statement to your humble correspondent; since he has to be around them every day (poor guy), he thinks they are all right and lets it go at that. Anyway, after four years of it, he should know how to act around ladies. You see, Harold has a girl friend back home who thinks his taking hqme economics is a potent idea; but dislikes in no uncertain manner, his close association with such a bevy of fair co-eds. If she could only see the bevy, her worries would end. Razzed Plenty Poor Hawes takes an awful beating, but don’t you ever think that he doesn’t take it smiling. Believe it or not, the co-eds in the engineering schdols razz him much more than the home ec girls. During the orientation period when the fres^(Continued on page 4)
A trophy, offered by the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce for the best decorated "window, will prove an added incentive to Lafayette’s merchants when they dress up store fronts for Purdue’s annual football homecoming October 9. Donated by a member of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce who prefers to remain anonymous, the award will be offered through the Purdue Relations Committee. In conjunction with Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants, the committee is launching an elaborate campaign for decorating the business districts in honor of homecoming crowds.
Students Establish 4 New Co-op Houses
Four new co-op houses haVe sprung up on the campus this year, two of them girls’ homes, bringing the total to eight different houses with a membership /Of about 130. Harriet Yoder is president of a group of 16 girls at 123 State street and Joyce Wimplepleck heads 13 more at 152 Grant street. The girls plan their own meals, take care of their rooms and do most of their own work, living for about $20 per month. R. M. Lumpkin is president of a new men’s co-op at 215 Chauncey. Twenty-five fellows live here under co-operative principles, sharing all work and expenses. At 318 N. Grant street, ’ James Ludberg heads • a house of 17 more fellows. The social set-up of the co-op houses approximates that of the fraternities in trade dinners and in parties. At present, a move is being made to consolidate the houses into a» central governing organization.
Foresters Plan Fry At Cary Scout Camp
A caravan of participants in the Forestry Club’s annual steak fry will leave the Horticulture Building Tuesday evening at 5 o’clock, with Cary Scout Camp as their destination. An evening of refreshments, talks, and entertainment is on the program. A Kelly True-Temper double-bit-ted axe will be awarded to the outstanding freshman for the 1937 summer camp. A Bausch and Lomb hand lens will be awarded to the outstanding freshman of the school year of 1936-1937, by Xi Sigma Pi, national honorary forestry fraternity.
3,000 Fans Follow Team To Columbus
In the neighborhood of 3,000 Purdue students and townspeople will be on hand to boost the Boilermakers at Columbus, O., today. Due to the fact that no special train was run, loyal fans drove late last night and early this morning, to see the Boilermakers open their Big Ten season with Francis Schmidt’s Ohio State eleven.
For those unable to attend, the game will be broadcast, starting at 1 p. m. (CST), over the following stations: WTAM, WOSU, WBNS, XCOL, and WHKZ.
Rush Activities Open As 176 Co-eds Sign Pan-Hellenic Cards
One hundredy and seventy-six coeds signed their rush registration cards yesterday at the Pan-Hellenic desk. Today rush opens with a meeting in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 2:15 p. m. All rushees and rush captains must be present, Pan-Hellenic officials stated. Following the meeting, the sororities will hold open-house teas from 3 to 6 p. m. Informal dinners will be given by the sororities on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights of next week. Rushees may call for and sign their invitations to these dinners tomorrow between 2 and 5 p. m? at the Pan-Helenic desk. During rush, no engagement with a sorority house should be broken. Rush activities will be climaxed by the preference dinners on Thursday night. Invitations for these dinners must be called for on Thursday between 10 a. m. and 1 p. m., according to officials in charge. The rush will end on Friday when invitations to pledge may be received at the Pan-Hellenic de^k. Rules state that rush must end daily at 8:30 p. m.
PIA Plans Three Parties For Co-eds Not In Sorority Rush; First Will Be Today
All co-eds who are not going through rush are invited by Mary Wien to attend the three parties sponsored by PIA. Special invitations have been 'sent to freshman and transfer women to those parties 6n the nights of rush affairs. The first of the parties will be a tea today fronj^ 3 to 5 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Mary Wien is in charge of the plans for this opening party. Betty McKee will be mistress of ceremonies for the party called “A Night ip Greenwich Village,” to be held October 5, from 7 to 8:30 p. m. in the tower room. Barbara Gibbs is in charge of the program which will include two dancing choruses, a piano solo by Joan Lloyd, vocal numbers by Martha Whitehead, and Eve Ruff, a violin solo by Evq Robertson, and a Martha Raye imitation by Virginia Creason. Dessert Will Be Served The final party of the series is a dessert-theatre party scheduled for October 7 from 7 to 8:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Mendorial Union Building. Dessert will be served at 7 o’clock after which the movie “Kornered in Klondike” will be shown. The committee planning these parties includes Mary Wien, chairman, Ruth Dunn, Barbara Gibbs, Betty McKele, Ruth Renfroe, Gertrude Rosenfeld, Reba Silver, and Martha Whitehead.
Cecil Isbell Will Lead Attack On Ohio State's Record Of No Defeats, Five Wins In Series With Purdue Elevens
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE
Position
OHIO STATE
Powell
LE
Crow
Schreyer (C)
LT
Schoenbaum
Bylcowski
LG
Maggred
Humphrey
. C
Wolf
Grant
RG
Zamas
Woltman
RT
■- - - Gales
Zachary
RE
Ream
Cody Isbell
QB
Kabealo
CeciMsbell
LH
McDonald
Brock
RH
Wedebrook
Juska
FB
Rabb
Ohio State’s powerful Buckeye’s will provide the opening obstacle in the Boilermaker’s Big Ten competition, when the two teams meet today at Columbus, 0., in the top gridiron attraction in the Middle West. In facing the Buckeyes, Purdue will attempt a feat heretofore impossible, for at the present time the record reads five defeats against no wins for the Boilermakers and the Ohio State deefnsive record is spotless. Furthermore, the Ohio team is given at least a one
touchdown advantage by the majority of the experts by virtue of its 14-0 conquest of the strong Texas Christian team last week. Brock Promising Leading the Purdue attack will of course be Cecil Isbell, triple threat backfield man, and the veteran pass snagging trio of Bill Vergane, Jim Zachary, and Don Powell. Last week’s game with Butler uncovered at least one fine sophomore prospect who should add much to the Purdue scoring power, when Lou Brock showed up in a fine way. Outside of Cecil Isbell, the backfield is more or less of a question mark. Cody Isbell’s leg has been bothering him somewhat, and he may have to give way to the up and coming sophomore, Ted Hennis. Fullback finds either Tony Juska or Tony Ippolito ready to go, while Brock or the veteran Bob Selby will open at right half. • Ends, Tackls O. K. With the end and tackle holes plugged by veterans, the chief concern is for the center and guard positions. Paul Humphrey, Capt. Bell’s understudy last year, has been looking mighty fine at the center spot, as has Augie Morningstar,’’ promising sophomore, who in(Continued on page 4)
Symphonic Band Will Play On Pontiac Show
The Purdue Symphonic Band, under the direction of “Spots” Emrick, will play on the Pontiac Varsity Show, Friday, October 8, it was announced yesterday. The symphonic band, which is comprised of a group of picked musicians from the regular University band, will begin rehearsals at 10:30 p. m. tonight and tomorrow night.
Paul Emerson Will Play In Union Concert Series
Paul Emerson, Jr., Hiember of Delta Tau Delta fraternity, will give a piano concert in the music room of the Memorial Union Building next Sunday at 4 o’clock. This program is one of a regular series of music room concerts being given every Sunday. Emerson is a sophomore here and played in several programs last year, including a weekly concert over WBAA. For three years, he was a student under Prof. Paul Stoye at the music conservatory of Drake University.
Barnum Was Right—There^s One Born Every Minute; Exponent Man Proves It
By Howie Bitt
The all-time, prize-winning sucker has been uncovered right here on the Purdue campus. This fellow didn’t buy the postoffice building or the Brooklyn Bridge, or a gold brick. He wasn’t sent for a left-handed monkeywrench or a type-stretcher. All this guy did was to try to keep a date with President Elliott in the Colonial Room of Wheeler’s Restauarant at 11:30 last Wednesday night. He’s a sophomore on the Exponent staff and should haye known better. His name is being withheld through common courtesy. A telephone call did the tidck. “This is President Elliott,” announced a booming voice over the phone at the Exponent office last Wednesday night. “I understand you’re carrying an editorial that is er—^repulsive to the er—administration, and I wish that you would see fit to er—^modify it. Meet me at Wheeler’s Restauarant in 15 minutes; i wish to discuss the matter with you. Don’t tell the editor. This is Important, and it is imperative that my name be kept out of the affair!”
Ti^embling, the sophomoye made his way to Wheeler’s Restauarant. He was going to confer with the , Big Shot! And in private. Clutching his notebook, he strode into the restaurant and sat down to a table trying hard to appear calm. He adjusted his tie carefully and waited. Apd waited. And waited. After 20 minutes he began to wonder. Then the waitress brought another message. Tlye President had been delayed; would it be possible for the gentleman to meet him in the Union Building ? So over to the Union the perspiring sopohomore went, there to meet a pair of hilarious classmates who had sprung the whole joke. They whooped and hollered. They rolled around on the sofas and slapped ‘each other on the back and cried in each other’s arras while the miserable sophomore drank the bitter dregs of disillusionment. . Finally they bought the sucker a coke and sent him back to the ofV fice. Remember the old story of “Wolf! Wolf?” The whole staff of the Exponent is going to mistrust Prexy the next time he wants an article run in the paper.■
m
wv bPkL'.'liiii' ^ 'Vi, -
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 2, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
reprbsbnteo for
n t n t» c w Ptesociated ^Ikgiate
4AI. ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publisher's Repros'entaitive 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chickgo - BOSTON ■ LOS AWgeles - SAW Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
This newspaper i§ written, edited, _and^ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Universrty viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
J. E. Brock
^ MANAGING EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L; S. Hardin,
G. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L. C. Farquhar,
G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B. Keller, R. J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR - — : Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin. Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS... Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.... R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Ahtonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER. W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS. J. R. Fonts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS.... -...W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR ... ...! R. F- Obenchain associate editors ..J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS.... .....G. W. Bruer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR C. D. Schroeder Saturday, October 2 ISSUE EDITOR.. G. W. Frederick
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
By Mary Cooley
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
A Place To Loaf
We don’t especially recommend loafing in front of the Administration Building, but its shaded afternoon steps offer a tempting breathing place to any philosophical student who isn’t too hurried by classroom or nonacademic activties to contemplate the beauty and also the bustle of the “palace’s” front yard. On Stuart Field to the north at 2:45 yesterday afternoon, student-operated army
trucks were executing military maneuvers to whistled commands. A score of University maintenance workers busied themselves with pick and shovel around the grassy circle directly before the steps at laying tile to prevent the low-lying driveways from again reaching their muddy state of last winter. On the wide boulevard farther beyond, three archery pads were targets for co-ed students in physical education classes. Still farther out automobiles whizzed by on traf-fic-laden Northwestern avenue.
Experiments now being conducted in the University and industrial research laboratories throughout the world will sharply influence world trade during the next 20 years, in the opinion of D|r. Eugen Guth, University of Notfe Dame physicist. Dr. Guth says . . . “several synthetic products are now in general use and others, such as resins, asphalt, glass, and rubber, are rapidly taking their place along side silk in the list of artificial commodities accepted by consumers as a matter of course.” The increasing number of Nobel awards indicates that the center of research activity is shifting more and more from Europe to the United States, he believes. This may be accounted for by the wide facilities offered here as an incentive to private initiative by universities and industrial laboratories, while the State is usually the sole sponsor of such work in Europe. Hs * H! * First, Lambda Chi Alpha; second, Beta Theta Pi; third Phi Gamma Delta; and fourth. Delta Tau Delta. That’s the scholastic rating at Wabash College for the second semester last year. These four fraternities all boast averages above the average for the entire college.
Blouse-bloomer clad co-eds danced past on their way from the Women’s Gymnasium. One of them half turned away and giggled, “Oh, you as she spied a movie cam
eraman by one of the building’s pillars, lens
turned on her group.
Yes, those steps are interesting and relaxing place to spend a few brief minutes, miitsh esadd
Letters to the Editor
Letters to the editor must be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer's signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author's name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, We see fit to withhold any name, that name will be held in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for tho opinions vojeed herein.
Wake Up, Mr, Arnold Dear Editor:
Let’s skip the preliminaries. If there is one thing that is generally considered as ^being callous—nay— calf-like, U is a youngster who starts spoming off half-cocked over something he knows nothing about. Criticism should be accompanied by a decent amount of reasoning.
The letter entitled “Wake Up, Lafayette” is certainly a fright. Here’s why. Lafayette is not a hick town and it does not owe its unhickiness to Purdue University. True, tMei city is very proud of Purdue and realizes that the University has done much good for the city. , But does Mr. Arnold realize that Lafayette in many ways is not, the ordinary city of 25,000 ? Dpes he realize that'until the recent depression Lafayette was the wealthiest city per capita in the United States Does he realize that the city did not owe this fact in the least to Purdue?’
Purdue students, it grieves me to say, are largely a bunch of over grown high school kids. It is necessary once in a while for the city to make a few ordinances controlling some of their less desirable habits Does one think that the city begrudges a student a ride from Wimpy’s corner to the Mars Thea,tre ? No, it isn’t that. If Mr. Arnold were as deep a philosopher as I’d like to think him, he’d see that there are slight traffic complications involved. That’s all the Lafayette cops are interested in on this no hitch-hiking issue—merely public safety. A bunch of hams are they, Mr. Arnold ? The “fine young men of the IndL ana State Police Force” are undoubtedly on the whole more efficient than the Lafayette cops. Granted. Not to change the subject, but were you born yesterday Mr. Arnold, or the day before? Since when has any city of 25,000 started hiring police officers 'who are as well-trained, as highly paid, and on the whole as efficient and capable as the men who work for the state in that capacity?
Another thing, Mr. Whippersnapper, will you attempt to prove your statement that as towns grow smaller (incidentally, do towns grow smaller ?) their police forces try to become more important. That is what you said—now back it up. Young puppy-dogs should not yelp unless they, have something to yelp about—bright ? Karl Mueller, Sci. ’38.
Co-Edits
Dear Editor: In reply to the rather conceited letter from H. W. Arnold, which appeared in Thursday’s Exponent, may I humbly offer some apparent observation.
The thought that the University is the*reason for the city’s existence is inclined to be absurd. When Purdue’s enrollment was numbered in hundreds instead of thousands, Lafayette was a thriving town, and well able to support a goodly number of business enterprises. The city of Lafayette is the trading center for hundreds of farm homes within a radius of 20 miles or more, and well lives up to its title of “county seat.” The farmers, undoubtedly spend greater sums far more consistently than the students. That is the valuable business for which most of the merchants strive.
As to the number of people “who do not seem to realize to what extent Purdue University helps keep Lafayette on the map,” Arnold would find some surprises should he talk to a representative group of Lafayette citizens. Due to the attitudes and actions of the students in the past few years, many of the “hick town” residents would be only too pleased if the “philanthropic friend” would move Purdue elsewhere.
The hitch-hiking ordinance was no doubt passed because of the nuisances which students made of themselves. And even Mr. Arnold will no doubt admit that at the junction of Main street and Route 52, the traffic congestion is bad enough without having cars stopping to pick up hitch-hikers on the bridge. I would suggest that Mr. Arnold wake up. D. B, Davis, M. E.'39.
Who Knows?
Dear Editor: The send-off given the Purdue team on the eve of its,game with
For Rushees Excitement, worry, hope, and fear are keeping some one hundred and sixty-five girls in frenzy today as the prospect of meeting ovej; 225 soroi’ity girls at the first rush tea this afternoon faces the new co-eds How rushees appear has been observed by the campus in the first few weeks of school. Appearance will still be noticed, but even more importance will be attached to personality, poise, manners, and con versation. Conversation, incidentally, should not be limited to that fascinating subject, “Men,” in the presence of /sorority girls, eager to evaluate the qualities of their prospective pledges. Despite the interesting pos sibilities latent in the ratio existing between co-eds and eds, other '.subjects will offer more fruitful results in developing mutual understanding. While the brunt of the conversa tion is carried by the hostesses the freshman guest has her first opportunity to gain an impression ot the sorority as a whole. Individual members have occupied the rushee’s time and attention for the past few weeks; this is her first glimpse of that subtle intangibility, the spirit of the house. Very definitely, each sorority has its own personalitV, a'Wend of .the. characteristics of its membeirs Now, at last, the rushee can answer that vital question, “Do I feel’~at home here?”
Pennsylvania State College is beginning two courses in insurance, presenting the principles of the profession to those who wish to become fire and casualty agents. Work may be taken by correspondence, or if . sufficient interest is shown by the residents of any community, the extension department of the college will organize regular classes in the community for the benefit of prospective agents, Presentation of a certificate award made by the college at the end of the courses will be accepted as meeting the educational require ment for an insurance agent’s license, the State Insurance Department has announced.
The “campus” of a “depression university”—the Carnegie Library in Homestead, Pa., has an attendance of .more than 500 young men and women. The “university” made its modest beginning in 1932, when six young people, started to study together with a local minister as their teach er. When more and more students joined the group and the classes outgrew the church, they moved into the library. Eight classrooms, an auditorium with theatrical equipment, a gymnasium and swimming pool, in addition to the 40,000 books are now at the disposal of the students. Fifteen trained instructors, some WPA workers, but mostly volunteers, conduct evening classes of college standard. Since no fees are charged for admission to the course, money needed for textbooks that the library cannot provide, is raised by student dances or entertainments.
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
Ohio State, as one correspondent stated in the Purdue Exponent un der date of October 1, 1937, was attended at the Big Four Station by bar flies of Second street, tavern keepers and dull eyed prostitutes. If the correspondent was in the crowd how did she know the status of her fellow townspeople? As Emerson once said, “One only knows so much as he has lived.” The correspondent spoke of five scrawny ragamuffins being enthusiastic atoms in the homogeneous mass. Well, if some of the money that is being wasted to illuminate such intellect were used to aid such ragamuffins they need not be so scrawny. If the said scrawnies had been observed from atop the. station house they po doubt would loom as* the greatest of all the worshippers. Purdue Boosters.
■ v-'S'.'S'X;.?-,1 ii
‘He’s awfully narrow-minded—^all he can think of to^end me is flowers !”
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON’T WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
University Calendar
Ads are taken in Room E of the Purdue Memorial Union on a cash basis only.
ARC
LAST DAY Tim McCoy
“ACES AND EIGHTS” —ALSO—
Charles Quigley and Rosiland Keith
“FIND THE WITNESS” —PLUS— “Robinson Crusoe No. 6’ —and— Cartoon
—TODAY— Prime Movers-Edison Electric Co.: Meeting in Union faculty lounge at 8 a. m. Luncheon in rooms 1
and 2 of the Union r>uim...g at 12 noon. '
—LAST DAYDOUBLE FEATURE
BOB LIVINGSTON ■' IN ' “Come on Cowboys” —Plus— LYLE TALBOT
“Westbound Limited”
SUNDAY — MONDAY MARX BROS.
“A Day at the Races”
Today
DOUBLE FEATURE
wGlenda Farrell
It Could
Happen
H Fly-Away H Baby
To You
Midnite Prevue Saturday 11:30
llT’S A JOY CRUISE ® With cupid and a chorus of cuiies! .
Today it begins. What? Rush And about 180 co-eds will make the rounds today as the six national sororities of the University hold open house teas. The etiquette is really very simple. Rush teas are for the simple purpose of acquainting the rushees with the sorority members. With 180 visiting each house, no one can stay very long; visit for a while with the girls and when you are to have some tea, take it. After being served, .talk for a while over your cup and then get ready to leave. Don’t rush out. One piece of advice. Before you leave the house say good-bye to the house mother. After you have pledged she wifi help you as a mother would. You will have friends in all the houses, and it makes it much more pleasant to be acquainted with all the house mothers.
— LAST DAY— THE OUTSTANDING PICTURE OF THE YEAR
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF
Plepse sign up and pay ten cents entry fee at intramural office. —CLEVETT.
STEIKA DALLAS
WITH BARBARA STANWYCK JOHN BOLES . ANNE SHIRLEY
STARTING SUNDAY BETTE DAVIS
“THAT CERTAIN WOMAN”
LAST DAY—
mCHIkiw 1
with S A-**
Plus
Exclusive - Official Motion Pictures of the Carnival of World's Champions
4 Championship Bouts
STARTING SUNDAY BING CROSBY MARTHA RAYE IN ^ ' “DOUBLE OR NOTHING”
■I
a
\t f ^ Bt*^,
^^w»*3«k.j I, n
'ryr^ r
• jT- ^'^-» iT » r7«-.
Saturday, October 2, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
B' Team Seeks Revenge From Notre Dame Eleven
Trying for the initial win of the season the Boilermaker “B” football team will meet the Notre Dame “B” squad in the Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon at 2 p. m. Good Reserves Still smarting from a 7-6 defeat at the hands of Illinois in the first game of the season last Saturday, the Junior gridders are primed for this game according to Coach Voinoff. All men are in good condition, and there is plenty of reserve power to call on if the need arises. This game will renew one of the keenest grid rivalries of the season for the eleven. They will attempt to repay the Irish for a smashing defeat suffered at their hands last season, when Purdue came out on the short end of a lopsided score. Squad Practices The squad practiced about an hour Friday evening passing, punting and running formations, but loafed most of the time, not taking chances of injuring anyone at this point of the season. A number of the players are men who did not make the trip to Ohio State. Coach Sam Voinoff is as yet undecided about the starting lineup, but the men who will probably see action are Stewart, left end; Belts, left tackle; Diehl, left guard; Mann, center; Reu Boiu, right guard; Foster, quarterback; Montague, left halfback; Welsch, right halfback; and Liebrecht, fullback. There will be no admittance charge, but student ‘passport' books will be honored. Bryant To Play For Mixer Bud Bryant’s orchestra will furnish the music for tonight’s Union mixer. The dance will start as usual at 9 o’clock, and will continue until 12. i'ickets may be obtained at the Union Desk.
Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York . 93 57 .620 Chicago 91 61 .599 Pittsburgh 83 68 .550 St. Louis 81 71 .533 Boston t 78 74 .513 Brooklyn . ..j 62 89 .411 Philadelphia 60 89 .404 Cincinnati 66 95 .371 —Results— Brooklyn, 7; New York, 4. Pittsburgh, 6; Cincinnati, 3. St. Louis, 4; Chicago, 1.
Pet. .662 .579 .550 ^539 .537 .480 .351 .305
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost New York 100 51 Detroit 88 64 Chicago . 83 68 Cleveland . 82 70 Boston 80 69 Washington . 72 78 Philadelphia . 61 88 St. Louis 46 105 —Results — Boston, 4; New York, 2. Detroit, 14; St. Louis, 4.
WBAA Saturday, October 2 11:00—Just Kids. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time. 12:15—Luncheon Dance. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines, Prof. Frank Hall. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Saturday Musical Review. 2:00—Campus Varieties. 2:30—Stamp Club Meeting.
For Transient Guests DAD, MOTHER, BROTHER, SISTER, YES BY ALL MEANS That Particular GIRL Attractive, Comfortable . ROOMS With Luxurious Beds and Excellent Service THE UNION CLUB Immaculately Clean Convenient Restful Dignified JhSL fiwviusL TyiomifuriL lAniofL Corner of the C(^mpus—Yet the Center of Activities
Fielders Choice
By Bill Fifield This is our first attempt at a game forecast; so it is yet to be seen whether luck is with us or not . . . For Purdue at Ohio State, we pick the Boilermakers by 13-7. Let’s hope we are right on that one . . . the game at Columbus is the only Big Ten game being played today. —^fc— Minnesota plays Nebraska at Lincoln for the main intersectional game of the Mid-West . . . we will say Minnesota by 14-0. '' —fc— The Chicago-Vanderbilt game at Nashville . . . Vanderbilt, 21-7 . . . IlIinois-DePaul at Champaign . . . DePaul lost several men last year; so Illinois by 19-6 ... At Evanston Northwestern plays their opening game against Iowa State ... We pick Northwestern 28-0 . . . Notre ^me meets Drake for their opening game at South Bend . . . Notre Dame, 19-0. —^fc— Several men turned out for the Sigma Delta Psi tryouts last Thursday . . . the football punt of 40 yards, the baseball throw of 250 feet, the high jump, and the mile run were passed by a number of the men; while others passed in the men; while others passed off two or three of the events . . . four more events will be run off next Thursday. Archers Tune Up For Approaching Tourney In preparation for the Indiana Intercollegiate Tournament, archery practice will begin on Monday, October 4, at 4 p. in. Practices will also be held on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays. Marion Russell and Hilda Schwehn, of the physical education for women staff, will supervise. Later in the month an individual tournament for University co-eds will be held. Irene ^ Boehm is in charge of all archery activities.
Enthusiasm Shown In Archery; May Be Added To Minor Sports Program If interest in arc]|ery keeps on the upswing as it has so far this year, it is very probable that another minor sport will take its place on Purdue’s athletic roster. Four years ago this sport was in a high stage of development here, as shown by the fact that the Boilermaker archers walked off with the Big Ten championship. In the past three years interest has dropped off little by little, but this year sees more would-be artists of the bow aftd arrow getting (instruction out on the range at the south end of Intramural Field where “Bun” Kinzer, instructor, has been explaining the mysteries of arching ever since school began. All instruction is free and the equipment is furnished^by the intramural department. With plans for building a team for intercollegiate competition now in progress, Kinzer estimates that two or three weeks would be needed to whip a team into shape. With advent of the Fieldhouse, practice could be kept up all year long to condition the archers who would once more try to emblazon Purdue’s name at the top of the list of schools which participate in this ancient sport. Fall Baseball Underway; Material Looks Promising Fall baseball is now in full swing on the practice diamond as “Pop” Doan is starting to mold available material into a promising team for next season. The ten veterans who reported for ihe workout are meeting some stiff opposition as they play last year’s freshman team during the practice periods. Captain Breslin is back in good shape and is counted on to do some heavy hitting. “Pop” is expected to put a wellgroomed team on the diamond this spring after the full practice season afforded by the new fieldhouse. Heretofore the team has not been able to practice during the cold winter months and the rainy weathei;.
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main ^ Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsaaes available to Purdue Students.
527 Main
Phone 5432
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HAI^DWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Jewelry —-
R. J. RATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Dine
(Rudi^ DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Locksmith
«C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Confectionery Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Ail American (Continued from page 1)
CHAPMAN. California. Halfback. Line-smashing, aerial offense wide end runs (an# fumbles) featured St. Mary’s crushing defeat by California but Sam Chapman’s educated toe demonstrated that kicking is still an important factor in the game of football. Chapman receives a Card of Merit for his excellent kicking and special commendation for his workmanlike, defensive play. MARSHALL. Vanderbilt. Quarterback. Making his bow, sophomore Beit Marshall sloshed and slipped his way to first-string importance on a muddy field against the Wildcats of Kentucky and established himself as Vanderbilt’s probable threat for the balance of the season. Observers liked the way he handled himself under adverse going and his presence hact a definite influence on his teammates, whenever he was in the lineup. DOUGHERTY. Santa Clara. Center. A pivot man in every sense of the word, defensively, offensively, mentally and inspirationally, this alert and shifty center was outstanding in a hard-fought game between ancient rivals. Although outclassed, Stanford balked every scoring threat until the third quarter, when the irrepressible Doughety turned a blocked kick into a muchneeded touchdown. TRANAVITCH. Rutgers. Halfback. A Card of Merit goes to this sophomore streak for his all-around performance. It was his first bow as a regular and he excelled in every department of the game. His punts and kick-offs were impressive. His defensive play kept the opposition in a hole and when yardage was needed Tranavitch was unfailing. O’BRIEN. Texas Christian. Quarterback. Facing adverse weather conditions and although his team was defeated by Ohio State’s heavy varsity, this quarterback rates All America on his first showing of the year. With a dry field and better team support he looms as a worthy successor to his highly publicized former teammate, Sammy Baugh. BAKER. Cornell. Halfback. One doesn’t make a season and three touchdowns don’t make an All American—^but three touchdowns by one player against an inspired, traditional foe, easily earns him a Card of Merit. Baker’s plunging and passing against Penn State, his scoring punch when needed and his defensive play throughout the entire game, made him the most important player on the field., MICHELL. Amherst. Halfback, Proving himself a fine leader and a brilliant individual performer, observers rated this Amherst captain well above the ordinary, entitling him to a Card of Merit and later, consideration by the All America board, Michell kept his teammates pointing for another score at every stage of the game and showed good
Postpoii^ Gaines Te Be Played Off By Next Friday In Inter-Fraf Toornamenf With several games postponed because of the Ohio State game at Columbus, the third round of the inter-fraternity softball tournament was partially played yesterday. The games which were postponed mast be played off before the end of the six-game tournament, next Friday. Eight In Playoff At the end of the schedule, the eight leading teams will enter the playoff for the championship. Yesterday’s results: Acacia, 10; Triangle, 1. Delta Chi, 14; Lambda Chi Alpha, 0. Phi Sigma Kappa, 13; Delta Tau Delta, 1. Tau Epsilon Phi, 15; Theta Xi, 7. Phi Kappa Tau, 7; Phi Pi Phi, 5. Sigma Chi, 3; Phi Kappa, 2. Beta Sigma Psi, 2; Kappa Delta Rho, 0. Sigma Phi Epsilon, 13; Sigma Nu, 5. Thinclads Face Pitt Team There Today Boilermaker cross-country runners will face the Pitt Panthers this morning on the Pitt track. The contest will mark the opening of athletic relations between the two schools, and the Gold and Black runners hope to start Purdue off in the victory column. Lack Practice The team has had but two weeks of intensive practice for the meet, which will be one of the hardest of the season. However, Coach Phillips expressed confidence in the squad when he stated, “We have excellent material on the squad, but are hampered by lack of practice. However, if the Pittsburgh team has had no more practice than we have had, we will give them a good battle with a chance of winning.” Churches Observe Unllied Purposes In Communion In recognition of the spirit of unity in Christian churches, the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper will be administered simultaneously on Sunday morning, October 3, in all churches having a student program.
example by his own alertness and a pair of touchdowns. SIMMONS. Williams. Fullback. A 50 yard march, featuring long runs by hard-hitting teammates, set the stage for Simmons’ touchdown and his subsequent conversion but wlhen called upon to deliver, he registered the seven points necessary to win the game. Simmotis captained his players with fine judgment and brilliant individual play. (Copyright 19371
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
We offer you 10% discount on all laundry work brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office, 132 Vine St. Or if you prefer, call 3085 and have opr driver call for both your laundry and dry cleaning.
AMERICAN LAUNDRY 132 Vine St., W. Lafayette 641 Main St„ Lafayettete?f »'rtr'‘^- :■ flfe#4$'fer -
■fis-s
S■
ify
p‘'!V fe''-'' PK ’'
^1', 'f; i ■s "S' i
fete
f:^
'Ua-
®il
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. October 2, 1937
Judging Team Places
Trained and coached by Pi'ofessor J. H. Hilton, the University dairy cattle judging team composed of Martin Underwood, A. A. Siebenthal, H. V. Cobbs, and Stan Overbeck, placed eighth in the collegiate Dairy Cattle Judging contest held at the International Dairy Congress in Waterloo, la. Competing individually, Siebenthal ranked tenth, to be high man for Purdue. Undaunted by their recent showing, Professor Hilton plans to enter the same team in the National Contest to be held at Columbus, 0., next week.
mbers
The Glider Club, at a special meeting yesterday afternoon, voted 13 new members into the organization. The successful applicants Were selected from a total of 50 applications. Six more are to be accepted later. The new members are: Art Bodeau, Don Caffee, J. Frame, Everett Hannifer, Paul Jarrell, Robert Maggari, John Mazur, William Miller, Richard ' Obarski, Andrew Place, Fred Tase, Hal Taylor, and Jack Williams. Wabash Next Upon its return, the squad will face Wabash there on next Saturday, and will follow with the only home meet, with Illinois, on October 16. Three out-of-town meets will follow, -with Indiana being host October 23, Butler November 6, and Wisconsin November 13.
abiuemmeers
{present Local YW
Ten members of the Y. W. C. A. cabinet are representing the University’s club at the annual state Y. W. C. A. cabinet training conference at Ball State Teachers’ College this week-end. “Effective Leadership,” is the theme of this afternoon’s discussion which will be lead by Miss Clare Coolidge, local faculty sponsorerl ' The purpose of this conference is to enable the cabinets of several state colleges to exchange ideas, and to seek and give advice about individual club problems. Girls representing the University’s Y. W. C. A. club are Betty Klein, Dorothy Bryant, Peggy Hamilton, Dorothy Coan, Sara Alice McIntosh, Patricia Heine, Marga Mary Glunt, Anna Lewis, and Mary Alice Learning.
Powder Pull Adorns Freshman HE Pot (Continued from page 1)
men split up into schools and our chum sat in the H. E. section, he heard two girls behind him betting on whether or not he was in the wrong place; not to mention the witty remarks the janitors in the H. E, Building throw unmercifully at him. Girls, girls, think of the possibilities of this young man on a date! Instead of having to listen to some boring ed tell you about an electrical ch’cuit or how to milk a cow, you could have a conversationalist on the same plane of thought as yourselves. No Sissy! “I’m sure glad I’m taking military,” chortled Harold. “What’s more I’m going to take advanced,” he finished. Hawes has had, altogether, five years of military training, some of which he was a sergeant in the marine corps reserve. Get this, you snickering eds, Hawes worked all last summer throwing huge 100 pound cakes of ice around in an ice house, and he can take it! And so, eds, when you meet him on the campus, heckle this fellow with maximum discretion.
Jim Shoemaker, newly elected president of the Camera Club, outlined to about 85 members and guests bn Wednesday evening in the Memorial Union Building, the various policies that applied to the use of the dark-rooms. In order to take care of the enlarged membership, additional dark-rooms are to be built. New lighting equipment is also being bought. Lockers were assigned for the use of the members, and groups were formed in order that novices might learn correct dark-room technique. Room B of the Union Building is maintained as a studio by the club for the use of the members. Lighting equipment is there at the disposal of the members also. Although no definite plans for the year have been made, the club will probably hold three big exhibits this year. An attempt will also be made to assemble an exhibit to be sent to other universities. This club is open to any student, both men and women, who has an interest in photography. There are a,b6ut 70 members in the club at the present 'time. The club holds its meetings every Wednesday night at 7 o’clock.
Red Nichols'Swings' At Quad Pledge Dance “Red” Nichols and his Pennies were featured at the quadrangular pledge dance last night from 9 to 12 at Lincoln Lodge. One of the top-flight bands of the country, Red Nichols was brought here through the combined efforts of Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Psi, Pi Kappa Alpha, and Pi Kappa Phi. This is the first year that these four fraternities have collaborated on an affair of this nature. The dance, a closed affair, was enthusiastically received by about 250 couples.
Geoi’ganna Huber and Louise Bain, chairmen of the freshmen ori entation and transfer committees respectively, announce that the distribution of notebooks to WSGA counselors has begun. These notebooks are being presented to counselors helping freshmen co-eds in their first semester on the campus. President Elliott appropriated money for these books which are made of black leather and have “W. S. G. A.” and the owner’s name stamped in gold on the cover. The notebooks will be used for.keeping instructive material and data concerning freshman co-eds. Counselors may obtain their notebooks by calling for them at the W. S. G. A. office before Monday. After rush activities are over, a meeting for counselors will be held to discuss and explain the vocational guidance conference. Woman's Club Announces
InBig Ten Opener With Ohio (Continued from page 1)
it Sale
There has been an extension of time in the sale of luncheon tickets for the opening meeting of the general Purdue Woman’s Club to Tuesday, October 5. The tickets will be on sale from 10 to 11:30 a. m. and 3 to 5:30 p. m. This luncheon is to be held Thursday, October 7, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. All members and prospective members of the Newcomers Club section are to attend this luncheon. It is to be one of the large social functions of the campus year. President, Mrs. G. Stanley Meikle, will preside.
cwt- shoes., f \
EYE GLAMOUR with ROUX LASH and BROW TINT If you liko your eyes vivid, glamorous, bright.. . darken your lashes and brows with ROUX. Lovely, efFicient, so smart i . and the coloring wont wash off or YunI Black or dark brown.
LDEB & N E NE GOAAPANY Beauty Salon 2nd Floor
Buy your te by Nahe... and FBEEMM is the name It's the one way to be sure of getting all that you pay for. Come in and select your favorite style.. .well see to it that you get yopr exact size. WORN WITM RRIDS . . . B Y MME.JLM ON8 A B C Shoe Go. 412 Main
Victor Release
• 25673 TEARS IN MY HEART THE LADY IS A TRAMP Tommy Dorsey and Orchestra • 25674 BABY, WON’T YOU PLEASE COME HOME AFTER YOU’RE GONE Lionel Hampton and Orchestra • 25664 EBB TIDE GEE, BUT IT’S GREAT TO MEET A- FRIEND Bunny Berigan and Orchestra • 25672 BEAT IT OUT YOU’VE GOT ME UNDER YOUR THUMB W . ■ “Fats” Waller and his Rhythm • 25675 COQUETTE THERE AIN’T NO SWEET MAN THAT’S WORTH THE SALT OF MY TEARS Paul Whiteman and Orchestra
tthir/Jecoiili /• McLean Music
Co.
MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
tercepted a Butler pass last week and turned it into a 60 yard touchdown run. Basil Petry is also ready to step into the center position, but the starting guards may come from any of the boys making the trip. The defensive work of the forward wall in the Butler game has shown especially well and gives the local fans some hope of stopping the power attack that the Bugeyes have changed to this year, a few nice holes open up in tnd line to shake Isbell or Brock iPto the open and Isbell’s passes get to clicking, things- may not be as black as they are painted by many. Tennis, Greek Goll Head Week's Sports Tennis and fraternity golf headed the sports program of the intramural department this week. A number of the participants in the sen-ior-faculty, junior, sophomore, and freshmen divisions have completed their second-round matches, with a few starting on their third-round games. ' , Eight golf finalists, through the process of elimination, were chosen to represent their respective fraternities for the fraternity golf championship. These matches will be finished sometime during the next week to decide to whom the trophy will-be awarded.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WANTED—Student to carry evening sport edition route, Indianapolis News. J. L. Long, 17 South Second street.
LOST—K. and E. log-log decitrig slide rule. Finder call Baker, 5021. Reward.
FOR SALE^7 tube 1937 model AC-DC table radios, built-in aerial. $15.00. Retailed for $29.50. Call 45352.
Notices
W. A. A. Hockey: Sophomores and seniors practice on Mondays and Wednesdays at 4 ,p. m. : freshmen and juniors ori Tuesdays and Thursdays ; open practice on Fridays. —DOBSON.
W. A. A. Archery: Practice on October 4 at 4 p. m. on the archery range. —BOEHM.
W. S. G. A. Counselors: Please get your notebook covers in the W. S. G. A. office before October 4 ^at 6 p. m. —HUBER.
Men’s Glee Club:, Important rehearsal in preparation for the NBC Varsity Show on October 4 at 4 p. m. —STEWART, Union Women -Workers: All girls wishing to work on directory, please come to the Union office afternoon of October 3. --WOOD, EASTBURN, TURNER.
Consumers’ Buying Club: Regular monthly business meeting at home of Mrs. G. H. Graves, 227 S. Grant street, October 4 at 2:30 p. m. —PATTERSON.
W. A. A. Hike: There will be a hike to Happy Hollow October 2. Be at the Women’s Gym at l:4Ap. m. —CAMPBELL.
Concert Choir: Important rehearsal in preparation for the NBC Varsity Show on October 4 at 4 p. m. —STEWART. Purdue Engineer: There vvill be a meeting of the entire Purdue Engineer staff October 4 at 7 :16 p. m. in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Dean Potter will address the staff. —BAALS.
Football Managers: Meet at Fieldhouse October 2 at 12:45 p. m. and October 3, at 9:30 a. m. —BROWN.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. October 4 in room C of the Memorial Union Building. —WALING.
WeMey Foundation: Hayride postponed from September 24 will be held October 2 at 7 ;30 p. m. at 4,35 State street. Tickets are 50 cents per couple. Please sign cp by noon. —McFADDEN.
Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates
for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may he had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until
University Students: The following st^ dents are to report to the Student Health Service befbre noon, Octbber 2. Malcolm Adams, Henry Agonis, Paul Allemang, Warren Archibald, Frank B^og, Jack Barnette, Jay Beamer, Alfred Berger, Robert Beat, Edward Blake, F. W. Bloom, Roger Bone, Robert Book, James E. Bosse, Rex Bostwick, Donald Boynton, Pat-^ rick Breman, Paul Brown, Oscar Brunn, Kenneth Burns, James Cahill, George Calvert, Paul J. Carr, Joe Cavanagh, Merton Clevett, Robert Coddington, Isador Cohen, Neil Collings, Lowell Compton, Francis Connolly, Everett Cook, Dean Cooper. Thomas Cooper, Clarence Corn, Paul Crooks, Tom Crowden, Charles Crave^ Joe Cunningham, Otto Czvizler, James Daily, Robert L. Daniels, F. L. Danowski, John Deal, R. F. DeHoog, A. R. Dickey, Donald Dobbie, Jack Dobson, George Doherty, William Dorinelly, George Doty, Clifford Doyle. Joseph DuBois, Jay Dubore, Cyrus Dyer, Jay Ecklebarger, D. A. Edmondson, Gene Ehrlick, John Emmert, Charles FeldL Robert Pinch, William Findt, Robert Fisher, R. C. Fleming, P. K. Franklin, Herbert Girt, Charles Goddard, Carroll Goetz, George Graves, Frank Gray, Edward Grier, A. W. Grimm, Richard Groff, Frank Gustainls, Richard Haentjens, C. C.' Hale, Theodore Haminari, Carl Hahsing, Paul Hardy, Jay Harrison, William Hartnett, Fletcher Hatch, Ralph E. Hawker. Dan Heiple, John Henderson, Ralph Higman. Max Hillmer, E. W, Hiricks, John Hluchan, John Holloivay, Kenneth Houston, John Howerton, William Illsley, Joseph Inman, B. S. Jackewicz, Charles Jackson, Walter Jacoby, Delmer James, Paul Jarmott, Alan Johnson, Marvin Johnson, Richard Johnson, Lee Karns, Lester Kase, Marvin Keenan, Wiltbri Kenney, Norman Kerbby, Frank Khan, Robert Kilgore, Max Kintigh, Robert Klein, James Kline, George Knapp, George Kohlmeier, Richard Kolp. George Kowalchuk, Howard Krick, Casimir Krzewinski, William Kuster, Harry Kwasny, C. E. Layden, John Layson, Howard Lee, Don Libengood, William Liiidsay, Austen Lord, David Lower, Henry Luhrman, Stanley Lukawski, F^ank Mackin, William Maish, F. W. Maleck, Thomas Mann, Ralph Manning, Willard Martin^ John Maudlin, Hugh Maxwell, William McAdam, Mac McCarter, McCauley, Ward McDowell, W. McEllhiney, RobertMcGhee, Frank McGinnis, E. A. McQuillan, Barney Mead, Frederick Mendez, D. R. Mennen, Fred Mentzer, K. R. Michel. E. P. Miles, Phill Miller, William R. Miller, Raymond Mino, W. E. Mitchell, Gordon Monaghan, George Moore, . Clair More, James Morton, John Mote, Fred Mott, and Boardman S. Mowry. —MILLER.
Representatives Prom Women’s Residence Houses: Meet in W. S. G. A. office on October 6 at 4 p. m. —LEAMING.
W. A. A. Tennis: The following games must be played by October 2, Bryant vs. DeWitt, Stephenson vs. Burtsfield, Harlem vs. Rohner, Fishleith vs. Stockeiy, Dygert vs. Jenkins. See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents, and tournament rules. —JENKINS.
—JANOUSEK. Catalyst Club: All members place your nominations for pledges in voting box in Dr. Lovell’s office. Nominations can come from senior members only, and must be ill by October 11. —BOWMAN.
Medical Examination Workers: Students who worked at registration physical examinations may get their pay checks at the Student Health Service. —MILLER.
The slogan of the day—everywhere you see it. Why not PROTECT your Personal Appearance by having your clothes Crown Cleaned and J^ressed regularly? MOTH PROOFING. All wool garments are moth proofed by the MONITE process. No extra charge'f or this service.
FI N E C LEAN ERS O F FI N E CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Is Your Gar Ready For Winter?
HEATERS
DEFROSTERS
ALCOHOL
PRESTONE PYROL See Your Dealer For Winter Needs
525 ALABAMA
24-HOUR SERVICE
PHONE 4048
'a1