i
< S'
„ - ; •i
SPORTS COLUMN Asks Why lU Cancels \ Vyrestling Meet
EDIT COMMENTS On Return Of Afternoon Movie Convocations
Eat^bUshedlSBI
A Clean Shave!
Vplume 56, No. 105'
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, January 22, 1944
Boilermakers Down Michiqan In Overtime,46-44
c . . Haag Scores
Coed Canteens To Start Sfraffon Stresses Engineering Groups Hear Final Basket In
Again At 2 Tomorrow ® Whitlock Talk, See Movie
“Scheduling of future canteens depends upon the success of tomorrow’s,” says Mitzi Konicek, co-chairman of publicity for Student Senate. It is hoped that both service men and coeds will cooperate so that everyone will have a good time. Service men are requested to go to the places to which they have beenjnvited". It is a con-
important question wjill' not be one of women’s “rights”, but rather of women’s responsibiiities. Commander Dorothy C. Stratton of the SPARS spoke on the subject “Today’s Women Tomorrow” before an estimated four hundred coeds and townswomen at a convocation spon-
venience to the coed groups in planning the afternoon’s entertainment if service men observe the hours of the canteens, that is, 2 to 4 p. m. ' If anyone would like to find out more about the Coed Canteen call the Student Senate office or come in and inquire. The following is the list for tomorrow’s Coed Canteen: Kappa Kappa Gamma—ASTP sections 2, 6, 6 of Co. C. ' Chi Omega—ASTP sections 6, 7, 8 of Co. E. Alpha Xi Delta—ASTP section 3 of Co. P.
Trustees Hear Many Reports On War Effects
Members of the University’s Board of Trustees met last Thursday for the quarterly meeting of the year under the board’s president, J. W. Noel of Indianapolis.
sored by Associated Women Students in Fowler Hall Thurs-
day night.
The former dean of women, now on leave of absenpe from the University, was introduced by the president of AWS, Nelda Reed. Opening with “It’s good to be home again,” Commander Stratton went on to mention that women in uni-
form are the “most magnificent National Conference of Chris group I have ever’ wmjked with.” tians and Jews for the eleventh anCoeds Cannot Expek Security observance, will be marked by
, . , a senes of mterfaith -meetings on
In anticipating questions which
Coeds To Fill $5,000 Pledge
Exponent Sports Editor
Over 200 people attended the com- one of the most thrill-packed bined engineering student organi- basketball games ever witnessed in zations’ meeting to see the pre- ^be Purdue Fieldhouse, the Boiletmiere of the new Army ordnance makers downed a fighting Wolvermovie, “Substitutions and Conver- five, 46 to 44, in an overtime sions,” and to hear George E. Whit- g^me last night. Charlie Haag, lock, president of Mullins Manufac- playing with a badly injured side turing Corporation of Salem and ^fiat slowed him down considerably, Warren, Ohio, speak on “Work as a ^ras the hero of the evening as he Solution to the World’s Problems. ’ ^ras the man who slipped under the
With a quota of $5000 worth of ’The niovie was well received. basket and dropped one through to bonds as their goal, 100 coeds have Whitlock gave a plan for peace giyg Riveters the advantage this week begun to solicit bond with only a few seconds of the overpledges in the Chestnut room and theory but on old fashioned time remaining. It was Bill Lodge’s Cafeteria of the Union and the Home both for men and dollars, tip-in shot in the waning seconds of , , Economics cafeteria. The drive will admitted that engineering had j-be regular period that tied the
? four weeks, according to Betty made larp improvements in all g^^^ up at 42-42 to send the boys
Purcell, and the girls selling bonds due to the war emergency, but ^-bg five minute overtime,
hope to exceed their quota. 1^® said that in order to have con-
tinuous prosperity engineering would have to continue to further
Inferfaith Meetings /„ ^nVe
Will Keynote NCCJ Brotherhood Week
Bonds will be sold in the Chestnut room and cafeteria both at noon
campus February 17 to 20, ac- ^na caieteria notn at noon
Reports concerning the effects of she thought coeds would like to have cording to an announcement by Ruth -night, while they will be sold ivionpv Working
’ ' at the Home Economics ^
the war on the University person- answered regarding the future, she Walker, student chairman of the at noon
1st and 3d platoons of Co. F. Pi Beta Phi—Naval Air Cadets. Alpha Chi Omega—Naval Air
Cadets.
Delta Gamma—V12 section 8 of Cos. A and B. Phi Mu—V12 sections 6 and 7 of
Co. A.
Women’s, Residence Halls—ASTP sections off Co. A; sections of Co. B; sections of Co. D; sections 1 and 4 of Co. F; M^arine V12 3d and 4th platoons of Co. E; V12 sections 7, 9 and 10 of Cos. B and C; electrician mates, sections 1, 2 and 3 of Cos. A
and B.
Glenwood
B.
nel, student body and other activities said that they had no right to ex- program were considered by the board. The security since no one else has
number of students now on the cam- .. stating that “We’ve all got to ^®®" contacted during the past
week and already the sororities and
cafeteria. Customers pledge their
“We need more than economic and
King Held To Six Points.
Tom King, highly publicized Michigan forward and one of the conference’s leading scorers, was held to a total of six points during the evening although he turned in a
dollars to buy war bonds and then ^^e Ameiican sys- ygj.y. performance. Dave
it.
The various student houses have i * j ^ 4. 4.1, , tern of free enterprise is to survive ^ ^ i 1 " ■ 4.1. , , , , . ,, , at some later date go to the place , „ „„ -.i , •, Strack was the sparkplug m the pn pnriTPPTPn nm*ino* rnp •nacr. ^ tirhon /»/^wlocs '' \A/VnflpoL- eoiH ^ x-
the pre-war era, totaling more than ®®^'” security together, even beyond cooperative houses have re2700 civilians and over 4000 in the the confines of the United States, sponded favorably to the idea. On armed services. Commander Stratton told the coeds Thursday, February 17, it is planned Report on Leaves of Absence that they must be willing to take to hold round table sessions on the
Wolverine attack, hitting the draperies for 19 points to tie with Paul
specified in their pledge to buy the peace comes,” Whitlock said
bond. Pledges are expected to be We need a definite program on the
fulfilled. Although only four days art of industry to insure prosperity
have passed there has already been ^ ^^^4, high scoring honors of the evening-,
bonds ^ definite program on the part of everyone with an extra dollar in his
President E. C. Elliott reported chances on the faculty leave of absence situation, stating that a total of 178 members of the faculty and staff, including all employees of the Uni-
meaning of brotherhood today as
. ,, , . Well as in the world of the future. Warning the coeds that they must 1. . 1 • j, 4.1 , , 4 , • -1 - 1 The results and conclusions of these be prepared to bridge the gap which ,. . -n , 4. . • -i 4. j . \ ® ^ discussions will later be assimilated
sufficient pledged
quantity of
Attempting to break a 22 year
into a report showing the students’
difference between the sheltered life they lead in college compared to the hardships of war. Commander Stratton further advised that college girls should remain in school “if they are making good.” For
Aeromodelers To Hold Meet
Tomorrow
Symphonic Band To Play At Tonight's Basketball Game
The University Symphonic Band
arises between them and the men
.....6 ...44^4.4j,v,co W4. .444., V4444 theii* genei'ation because of the
versity, have been granted leaves ,1-4. thoughts of brotherhood
f rliTTovonpa hoTwnoyr rha cnolTovan liTA
of absence or have resigned to serve
in the armed forces.
More than 100 of this number are commissioned officers, ranking from second lieutenant or ensign to
that of colonel in the Army or com- -j-fiQgg jggj they can af-
.VI2 .prtinn Q nf Co '''' fo^d to go on with their schooling ■V se 0 . 0 Co. eludes eight women, headed by Com- suggested that they keep in A 4- • u Aornt* 4-- c 4! ^’®®®'^*“ mind the legislation now pending in Antigonish—ASTP section 5^ of ly returned to the campus for a visit. Congress for educational aid to ser- ■ 143 Former Professors in Industry vice men and women after the war
Novadale—“ASTP section 4 of Co. addition to those in the armed and to take advantac-e of the onnor- 4.. j i 4, 4I 4. , T4 -J 4- TTi ™ afternoon from 1 to 5, on the base- ual flag ceremony and several servhi. forces the report by President El- tunity for, serving not only their - , _ , . . — ... . „ , .
Shoemaker—ASTP section 2 of liott showed 68 have resigned or are country but their own future. Co. F. on leave for^ service wRh various Won^gn-g Part In Post-War World
Town Girls
D.
The men invited to the rown girls’
posket to put that dollar to work during which the Wolverines and keep it working instead of re- failed to score a win over the trenching when things look tough Riveters on the Riveters’home floor, ahead.” Michigan led during the entire Holder of Citation losing that lead only once, unWhitlock is the holder of the first Haag sank the winning shot. At Army citation given to a civilian in tonight, the Wolverines will
gan basketball game tonight according to Prof. P. S. Emrick, director. The symphonic band, composed of civilians and Navy men, has taken the place of the old mai-ching band
Aeromodelers Club will sponsor which foi-merly played at games, its second winter contest on Sunday The progi-am will include the us
World War II as a result of his contribution to the conversion program
, , ,, • and his ideas for saving critical mawill play at the Boilermaker-Michi- , • , tt • , -j 4. 4; 41, f ,, ,, ^ ^ , terials. He is also president of the
National Pressed Metal Institute.
ball diamond behind the Fieldhouse. ice songs, including the Seabee’s The contest is open to guide-line song, the Signal Coi'ps song and the
power planes and hand-launched Marine hymn.
face the Boilermakers again for the second and last game of the series. Displaying a defense that Michigan had trouble penetrating, the Boilermakers forced them to take many of their shots from out on the
floor.
Michigan Opens Scoring
Michigan opened th^ scoring -with field goals by King and Strack. Hoffman scored first for the Riveters, followed by a one-hand push shot by Strack to give Michigan a 6-2 lead. Lodge made good a free throw, Hirsch sank one from close in, and
Several changes which are worthy Haag tallied on a lay-up. Lund sank
Convo Committee Announces Revision In Program Series
on leave for service with various
V12 «pnii4in 1 nf r.o branches of the federal government . 4.. . ,4. . -ui 4 4 „ , , . „ V Ld, section 1 01 e^o. , Anticipating what part women gliders. Afiyone is eligible to enter. Until the organization of this
ers have resi ned or obtained leave post-war world, she The entry fee is 50 cents.for non- combined group no band was avail- of note have been made recently in a one-hander from out on the floor ® explained that it is no longer enough members and 26 cents for members able for Saturday night games be- the University convocation series. to give Michigan a 10-5 lead. Hoff-
University musical organizations man went under to score, m^de good
career women but that women must nished by the club. able on week ends and the concert will present a convocation in the a free throw, and then took a re-
Most of the power models travel band plays only at convocations, Hall of Music on January 29 at 8 bound to tally, tying the score at civic affairs and governmental leg- at a rate of about 50 miles per hour; commencements and similar affairs. P- m., according to Albert P. Stew- 10-all.
homes are requested to meet in the special duty with industiies en merely good homemakers or of the club. Cash prizes will be fur- cause the Navy band is not avail-
Studeht Senate office in the Union , The board approved the accept- .,,.4. 4. .,.4. .
ance of'several gifts, which included $200 from the Pest Control Operators’ Association and another gift
at 1:46 p. m. tomorrow. Service men are a«ked to notice that certain changes have been made in the schedule since the list was published
in Thursday’s Exponent.
Engineers' Society To Hold Meeting At 7:30 Tuesday
gifts made a total of $1743.73 in the student loan fund established by
this organization.
E. F. Lickey of the Motch & Merly wether Machine Company of Cleveland gave $500 to add to a
• 4. 4 previous gift of $1600 he estab-
Engineers will hold an important ^
islation. “I’m not claiming,” she however, a highlight of the meet
4, POO4 • 4 -TA Tnii- 44 u, 41, said, “that women have all the an- promises to be the flight by an enof $334 given to Dr. Elliott by the ’ i.4,4-4,,-,I j-TAPt)-4 4 4, 1 • 4 41, u 4 swers to problems, but it is foolish try which claims a speed in excess
PCOA for speaking at the banquet ' 4 4, Ii. . • 4, 41. An ■, 1,
„4, 44 J, 41, 4 „ if 60 per cent of the brains of the of 90 miles per hour, of the group attending the pest con- 4 4-i- j 1 a 4 41, i 4 4 1, 41, a , , , , 4 u mi country are not utilized on prob- At the last meeting of the Aerotrol men s short course here. These “ , ,, ,1 .-n u n i • 4 n 1
lems that ,are almost unsolvable modelers Club, Bob Quinn talked on
flying-wing model planes.
•la,—
Notice
anyway.'
All Sludpnts who haven’t seen proofs of pictures taken for the Debris, call at room 60 (sub-base-ment) before 11:30 a. m. today.
Student branch of Automotive
meeting on Tuesday at 7:30 p. m The meeting will consist of a short business session, election of officers and a movie. The meeting is for membei’s and those interested in
Joining the organization.
Membership is open to production, sales, electrical, metallurgical and chemical engineers, as well as aircraft engine designers. The monthly SAE Journal publishes material of interest to students who intend to go into any of these
Lickey is a 1909 mechanical engineering graduate of the University.
Red Cross Requests Prospective Blood Donors To Register
Trailblazer Campaign Gets Results; Only Three Offenders In Two Days
By Bill Tyson Exponent News Editor
Students who wish to act as blood
bi'anches of engineering. Membei- honors when the mobile unit arrives
ship after graduation can be trans-
ferred to the national SAE. The faculty adviser for the Uni-
versity student branch is Prof. 0. C. Cromer of the mechanical engineering school, who will be glad to
give any additional about the society.
Latest reports on the trailblazer campaign prove extremely gratifying to officials interested in its outcome, for only three names were reported to the plant protection officer, R. W. Levering, as of last night. The sharp decline in the number of students violating the University rule since the start of the campaign five days ago indicates that a large size bouquet is due the student body and that they need be reminded no move; however, on further invest!-
Ceres Program Indudes Film, Solo, McKee'Talk
Approximately 160 people were present at the last open Ceres meeting. Highlights of the evening included a short talk by Mr. McKee, ,chairman of the eight weeks’ course in the agriculture school, and a piano solo presented by Bob Rentsh.
in Lafayette next week are urged to register with the Red Cross, according to Dwight J. O’Ferrall, the chairman of the Tippecanoe County
blood donor service.
About 100 reservations remain to
information three-day visit of gation of the facts and risking an the mobile unit here on February obvious tendency to “run the grass 1, 2 and 3. The first two days have, into the ground,” several notable
according to O’Ferrall, been set points are in evidence, aside for employees of the Alumi- Still Five Dollars
num company and remaining reser-
vations are foi February 3. Registrations are being accepted
at temporary Red Cross headquar-
ters, 4996.
Union Dance
Although the number of students actually apprehended has decreased it may be that we have just developed a “look both ways before you cross the grass” reflex. This reportei hopes not. Inquiries into the nature of the disciplinary action to be meted out to service men elicited no official statement other than that
. features Kangeroo Hop for
The main program consisted of a theme. Lowell Mead and his or- such action would be taken. Civilian film entitled “Soldiers of the Soil,” chestra will play for both ballrooms students will still be out $6 per try. which portrayed the role of the with stags in south ballroom. Betty A talk with the head grounds-
4. “XZ/
art, director of musical organize- Leddy scored from the free throw tions. line and Strack fired one through Students will be admitted by pres- from the side. Hoffman sank one entation of passports, service men from the foul circle as Strack sank by showing their social recreation a charity toss. Leddy swished the cards and the general public by ball through, followed by field goals regular convocation tickets. Tickets by Horn and Friend and a sleeper will be sold for 55 cents at tl^e dooi’. by Kennedy to give the Riveters the Wing Commander of RAF to Speak lead, 18-17. Three quick tallies by Wing Commander R. H. Harries Strack, Leddy and King sent the of the RAF will speak at a special Wolverines back into the lead 23-18
convocation in the Music Hall at 4 as the half ended, p. m. OH February 11. Second Half
The convocations committee has Leddy opened the second half with announced that H. R. Knickerbock- a two pointer. Kennedy sank a free er will be unable to appear as orig- throw, Lodge took a rebound on his inally scheduled on February 18; own attempted free throw and talhowever, the selection of a lecturer lied, and Hoffman sank two charito replace Knickerbocker has been ties. Lund next tallied from the free postponed indefinitely. throw line; Kennedy sank a push These will be the only changes in shot, Strack drove under to score the convocation series, and the re- followed by Hoffman’s two pointei,
mainder of the programs will continue as previously scheduled.
Cancellations According to Rule 10b (Rules and Regulations Governing Students), “No course shall be cancelled within the last four weeks of any term.” Since Monday, January 31, is the beginning of the last four weeks of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel assignments after Saturday noon, January 29, even though passing. DEAN OF MEN.
and Strack sank a push shot as Michigan led 30-27. The exchange of points was fairly even for the remainder of the second half, with Lodge tying up the ball game at 42 to 42 as the gun sounded. In the overtime, King dribbled under to score for the Wolverines. Bill Lodge missed a free throw and Hoffman w'ent under to lay one in. With only a few seconds remaining Haag took the ball 111 a fight under his own basket and sank the winning goal.
The summary:
f. R. Clark
the federal-state laboratory, left for Beltsville, Md., to confer with seed
ing closed with gioup sinigng.
the bare spots will still be bare off the bare spots too until some- points in that state to conduct in-
Hilton, Wave, will be vocalist and keeper informed us that even though until the real spring arrives, prob- thing constructive can be done by vestigations under the federal seed
(lancing will be from 9 to 12 p. m. not a single student violates the ably around the first of April, dud the groundskeepers.
control act.
Purdue (46)
FG
FT
PF
TP
P. Hoffman, f
8
3
1
19
Horn, f .
1
0
0
2
Kennedy, f
4
2
0
10
iLodge, c
2
2
0
G
Haag, g
3
1
0
7
Fxiend, g
1
0
')
-■>
19
8
9
46
Michigan (44)
FG
FT
PF
TP
Strack, f
8
0
2
19
King, f
0
0
1
6
Hirsch, c
1
2
3
4
Seymour, c .
0
0
3
0
i Lund, g . . ,
2
•>
1
6
• Ketterer, g .
. 0
0
0
0
[ Leddy, g
4
1
4
9
18
8
14
44
‘ *5 :!
1
'll" ^ Pa^ ^
. 'y, '- - •_. '
#!•
fit
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, January 22, 1944
Piirdue Exponent combined with / Purdue Independent'
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldliouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. irt., 5377
Editor Business Mnnaser.. News Editor Mana;^ing Editor Sports Editor.....
.^..J.EUis Murph; ;....Mary Dilli William H. Tyaoi Carolyn Wilbui KiisscH M. Eipes, Jr
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Abbott, Kulh M. Ford, Madelyn A Grotiics, lianic.s T. Iticb.'irdson, iVlargarct Stclfcs, Jam: Ackerman, Frank Viyh, 1 h.vlli.s Mann, Martha I,ee Kiggr. Katy How os, « , , Associate .Sport.s Editor.s: Jamc.s F. .Vekerman, Paul Garber Willian’ Garber. Warrih O! Wrighl. Service Siaft: Morris iScUer, Gabriel Elias, Loo Friedman. Jack Martirc, Jay Newman, Jrvry Koetting, Boh Baker.
Busiriess Staff Advertising Manager: C. 1,. G.auhL Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Saiierman.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: PaK-iariilo Day Editor: Yarga: C.ty Editor': Kiggs Is.siie Editor: Tucscbui'i Sports Editor; W. Garber Reporters: Letts, inert?., Baync.s, ..Miner, Garrett,’ Golo. Wotvnt::, Eiirman, Van Liew, Gratza, Lee, Brown, Somers Stall Photographer: W. C- Tolher
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay* etie, Indiana, under the net of Congress of March 3,' 1876 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of. Octo'ier 3, IfllT, autliorir.ed January 20, 1922 Published on 'ruesday, Thursday and Saturday niornines during ihe year, .except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by.carrier for SI.25 for a semester; by. mail for $1.00 for-a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent offieo or at the West Desk of the Union. Jtet’ri-sei'ted for'national advertising by National Advertising ...Seryics, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 42i, .'-Vaiiisori' Ave., New York! N. Y. ’
AfteriiGon movie convocations were resinned January the sixth after eight months had elapsed .since the appearance of the last convo. -According to Mr. Ditamore, manager of the .Hall of Music, no opposition to the convocations ha.s ever been encountered but in the past.several ob-stacles arose which proved to be.diSciiit to surmount. The 'first of these ap,psared last spring when student enrollment dropped .at an alarming rate. During the peace time period it was found that one-third of the student body attended these programs. With ■ a dcc.voartcd enrollment it readily follows that there were a reduced humber of students benefiting '.itom th-e coni'ocations. . From this decreased enrollment there arose sini anoLher stumbling block. The.money pays'uig; for these movie convocations i.s drawn ..fiem the Lecture, and Convocation’s fund, whiieh in turn is derived from a portion of the Ciiiun fee paid bv each enrollee at registration. With the prosiicct of .decreasing.funds in. the future, it appeared improbable that the movies could CGirtihue. ■ ' In addition to the above two reasons, the scarcity of suhj'ect matter for the convocations became a caii.sc for concern. At first glance.this might appear a.s very improbable but if one recalls that from .six to seven shorts .are .shmvn'weekly, it can be seen that a time ivoukl ari.se eventually when the stock of good materia] would become exhuiLsted. In view of these fact.s the convocations were discontinued last May. However, with the influx of service men durin,g the middle of the signmer, Vy’ho paid a Union fee similar to the civilian .students,- it was found that as far as finances were concerned the movies could be .,started anew. These would be open to both civilians and service men and would be continued as Ion,g as interest warranted. ■ For those ivho are regular patrons, it will he interesting to know that Mr. Ditamore i.s very agreeable concerning a change of boui’s. Since the first appearance of the movie convocation.s in October of 1941, the time has been from three to six each Thursday. If a sufficient number would be interested, this set of hours could he .shifted—an example being from two to five. ■ For those of you who aren’t regular patrons^ v^ho Irave seldom if-ever attended a movie convocation, how about taking time off .some Thursday between three and six and see what the convp ha.s to offer? You’ll probably want to make a return trip the next Thursday,
¥\ Smerke . . , loj'aa,:),' )iK.-L-!iii)ii(.’,;il (Ml,i^'ineei'ing' student, re- (■(.•]■, i (t lii.5 .‘0_,(.-o)if; JdiMitenuiit La.rs, Smerke was a forhalfliack, and was acting' captain dui'ii!;’; til'-- I'.t-lC tntiii.nia (.'’tune. ''
Rtfsseil F. Glasser . , . gi-U) ;.ir,',tdu:ite nf the .iiiecliiinical engineering' i:ci'.(j(jl, liii;-: jirinnoled to the I'ank of Captain in i!ie Anny Air t'kirce?. Cilaioser servt^d 20 months in the iSoulh t-’at-ific area, aiid wti.^ awarded the Distinguished Fiyiiig Cm.-.mm
Karl |. Moylton . . . grtidiiaie of the Uni\'er.'Mt.v in the class of ’4‘3, was recently comnii.ssioned a lieutenant in the army at the gratiuaiion exercises of the Tank Destroyer onieer Caiididtiie ,‘school ai Camp Hood, Texas.
mSMTOH
ARSON Pravda Edit Rebukes Willkie As ''Hands Off Poland" Hint; "HaJI For All" Sponges OH Public WASHINGTON — Members of the Diplomatic Corps who have lived beside Russia and dealt with her diplomats for years point to some significant things about the Pravda report which set the world on its car about the British negotiating a separate peace with Nazi Foreign Minister Ribbentfop. In the first place, diplomats point out that, had the report been published'm Izvestia, it'would'have been much more serious. Izvestia is the Organ of the Soviet Government, and anything appearing therein can be considered the gospel views of the Kremlin itself. Howmver, Pravda, organ of the Communist' Pai'ty, is one step removed, and anything published in- it can be interpreted as close to but not necessarily representing the views of Stalin. Thus, it was Pravda-which dropped-a-ton of: editorial bricks on the unsuspecting, well-intentioned head of Wendell Willkie, hitherto considered Russia’s best friend. That editorial rebuke came after Willkie had discussed the Polish houndhry question—in a manner quite sympathetic to Russia. However, the Russians chose to rebuke their-best friend as a warning'to President'Roosevelt and Secretary Hull that they did not want the Polish question discussed at all—not even by their friends. They could not very Well come out and'rebuke Hull and-Roose-velt, so they chose a prominent American, one step removed, figuring Hull and RooseveU would'take the hint. Again, when Secretary Hull was en route to Moscow, Pravda was singled out'to publish the statement that the second front was the only question Russia was going to discuss with him. This upset Mr.'Hull so severly that his friends reported him in a mood to come home. Hdwevqr, lie proceeded to Moscow and, despite the planted newspaper reports, his trip Avas a genuine success. This sho>vs that Pravda news items, even when inspired, should not be considered too earthshaking- ■ Therefore, remembering that Russian diplomatic moves are usually aimed obliquely at something on the other side of the billiard table, here is the Diplomatic Corps’ explanation of the latest Pravda thrust against the British. For about two years, it has been no secret that the British have hung back regarding a second front in Western Europe. It is also no secref that, right down to the Teheran Conference, Churchill pulled for a Balkan front or almost any other front cxccpt a Western front. ' It has also been reported that Cluirchill and Stalin did not get along at all Well at Teheran, and that the chief cause of their friction-continued to'be the second front. This is now pretty wellknown n-ot only to the diplomats and leaders in Washington, but to many pe'ople on the outside. . . In fact, when the British Prime Minister bade farewell to Stalin, he is'reported to have said: “Good-bye Marshal. I’ll meet you iP Berlin.’’ To which Stalin i.s rejiorted to have replied, with perhajis more iron, in his voice than good natui'c: “Yes, I in a tank, and.you in a wagon-lit.” (European Pullman car). British Face Diplomat'ic Crisis ' Stalin is a man who never forgets -and, even if no friction had occurred at Teheran, ho would have continued to be suspicious about British intentions of. a second front, in view of the two years of second front debate. And on .top of Teheran, plus Churchill’s long stay, in Africa, Stalin’s suspicions may be boiling again. ' Therefore, point out the diplomats, what could be more adroit than to put the British, squarely on the spot by/subtly accusing them of talking to the Nazis about a separate peace? In other words,-after the Pravda article, the British now have to prove they want no separtc peace by pushing' ahead with the second-front. If they delay it, then the Russians can point to the suspicion—no matter how untrue—-that pei'haps the British were talking to Ribbentrop, after all—which, of course, they weren’t. The Pravda publication fits in, especially at this time, when there actually have been some hints in official circles that the Russians arc doing so well that the Nazis will surrender soon, then we wouldn’t need a second front. ' It’s complicated, hut the Russian mind is complicated, and Russian diplomacy even more so. However, you can he sure that, despite all the fuss and furore, the Russians and British will stick Wgether. They heed each other too badly. Capital Chaff ' . After PDR finished the radio rendition of his recent message to Congress, ho was tired and took no phone calls. However, the one call he was glad to get came from the 'Vice President, who told him, “I Just had to call you because of the sincerity in your -voice and because I know you felt so deeply what you .said.“ . . . Representative Edw.ih Hall of New York, Republican, goes to the extent of mailing blotters to constituents featuring his picture and the slogan “AH for Hall Means Hall for All.” It is all sent at the taxpayers’ expense under Hall’s Congressional frank. . . .. Dcr mands for the Des Moines Register’s, penetrating editorials on Republican isolationism are so great .that the Cowles brothers have reprinted them in brochure ■form. . . . Mrs. J. Borden Harriman, former U. S, Minister to Norway, is being urged by Bolivian representative Lozada to go to Bolivia to report on his government’s pro-American policy for the Free World Association. Stalin And Churchsll More and more is-g'radually leaking out about the Teheran Conference as the President tells friends and Ciibinet members about the intimate details of. his talks witli Stalin and Churchill. One significant bit of repartee occurred during the round of speeches which always featui-e a Russian banquet. The British Prime Minister, either ill and irritated or else trying to josh .Stalin, said; ■ “Marshal, everybody who gets in close touch with you becomes slightly pink.” Whiclicver way the remark was meant, Marshal Stalin didn’t like it. He shot back: “As any doctor will tell you,'my deai' Prime Minister, pink Is the healthiest physical condition.” Latei', Pre.sident Roo.sevelt smoothed over the'erossfire^hy diplomatically remarking: “All the colors of the rainbow make a beautiful combination," (Copyright, liM'l, by United Feature-Syndicate, Inc.)
Post
From the Butlttr Collegian comes the. Jefihition, “Her head is like a' doorknob.. Any man can turn it.” Or .“a coprdinatoi’ is the man who bi’ings organized'chaos out of I’egimented confusion.” The DePauw tells us that'pay day is the day set aside' once • a' month' for' transfer of' money from one officer to another by- media- of. enlisted- men—how about that ? _EP— ' ; It couldn’t; have been pur o.wn “Doc” Miller because the 'Varsity ’said it; however, it could be tl’ue. Witness this little snatch of conversation- ovei-heard. at- a camp down in Virgipia where a guy is proclaiming-indignantlyi, “The doc-
dising women. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, Jan. 26. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey^ New York, N. Y.-—Interest-ed in-Ch-E.. and: M.SlSigb in Personnel Office by Wednesday, Jan. 26.
'toy say^/it’s. rickety,, but I ikjrib''^ a Kofse stepped on me.’.’ - , ,d-. -- f: . ' ' —-EP— ; ' .UY.' Ujliyersity of TexaS; coedylC;ha^ve decided tb go bhek'to t-Kp pla|h, oi‘dfashioned “hello” when . thdy., answer the' telephohe instead; of^^such fancy responses . as “GrayeygJ-’d, what can we dig: up for yourf”; or “Night spot, which, night- dpyou want'?'”.' They f,6uh4'’’ ffom'- s'^d perienc’p.thE^t Texan --eds-wereiseayed off'by''c'omebacks"like 'th'eser /v ' ■ —EP—' . Ogden Nash’s;hbsent-mindii|l;Prp-fessprV j^primrose'; Hks' hrdke'rt/in.1jO print again * in - the Varsity,itt|jvpr«sity of*' Toronto’s" uhddrgraauate newspaper. Rememiber, he’s;: the one who 'couldn't'remember'tp%haVe both sides of his face. Ahd.ih® ways-said his-' prayers when 'he* entered a'theater and left': the .i^'hurch for aismoke hetweenlapts.- ‘/^'tit'his prize trick was wrinkling a stamp and thoughtfully licking his brows.
Try: an Expinent' Glassiliedi
“Do you gent.s have to stay all night?—WE’VE got a job to do.”
Piacenfient. Nbf«5 For Womori Brown. University Graduate School announces a' number of fellowships', .scholarships and assist'antship.s for graduate work in a number of departments. Any students interested may obtain further information at the Placement Service -for-Women, 2955. Applications must be presented not later than March 1,: 1944. .
, .Satyrday^ Jawyary 22 7:30 P.M. Basketball—‘Michigan ....Fieldhouse 9:00 P.M. Dance - N. & S. Ballrooms, Union
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Lycoming Division, The Aviat.ictn Corp., Williamsport, Pa.—Date of visit to be announced. Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, Jan. 26. Interested 'in . M.E. and AeE. Indiana State Service, Indianapolis.—Jaii. 25 and :2G. Interested in chemists, C.E.-and science.. Sign in Poi’sonnel Office by 3 p. .m. Monday, Jan. 24.
they are interested in students .for employment: Firestone Tire & Rubber Corp., Akron, 0.—Interested in M.E., Ch. E., chemists, physicists, merchan-
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest'hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
These companies are not scheduled to visit tlie campus; however,
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Phone 7917
Lafayette
iNVSTSNG BALLROOM
We offer you one of the Finest Ballrooms in Indiana to . hold your parties. Accommodate 300 couples. An exceptional dance floor.
LEARN TO DANCE
NEW CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, Wed., Feb. 9th, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED, Thurs., Feb. lOth, 7:30 P. M.
ALLEN'S SCHOOL G.F DAHCiKG 6th and FERRY STS., LAFAYETTE
HOW PLAY1N.G
^H£R£ they are AGAiHS
Those comedy Icings of?
i "Helizopoppin’" and "Sons O’Fun"!
The LifMSat never lets ij|u down" Y ■ ■ Y.: E s no secret any longer about, ■il those secretly proCe^sSed ^ 'cushion insets in PEHMA^'LIFl' Bras . . . women everywhere are: talking about themr They're miraclemarvels ... a soft cushion inset at' the base of the bra-cups that gently lifts the bosom . '. . holds a firm rounded contour . . . puts, thp nix , on ridges that used to mar your marvelous shoulders. And PERMA-ixLIFT fasts through seasons of donning and dipping
|.25 t« *3.00
Starting Tomorrtfw
HE’S GREAT i: AND THiS IS HIS GREATEST!.
GRACE 6EORGE MARJORIE MAI IN • MARJORIE LORD HATTIE. McDANiEL • EDWARD McNAMARA A CAGNEY proiittctijiR Released thru UNITED ARTISTS
LAST TIMES TODAY ~
EDDIE DEW SMILEY BURNETTE
RAIDERS OF SUNSET PASS”
tiirrlnp Ul.r,HAKDARlSH ' J f/VH,?A R)<f^^ RUSSiEtt HAY DJiWI
/
i' n ■■ i V' T Jr h I
4' ■
Saturday, Jdhuary 22, 1944
Page B
MMaimft fa kue. Northwestmor
'i4 .!» '.lif '.t-!
V Eliilgle Ittajor jettiarman fseSsott’ the'B<)iierraakers’ ^wirawiihg squad*will depend largeflfe(^f|pes]hIiileU!and'Via:tralisfers' 4«';it*Wii^kesdfs rirst'staTt of'the sea* 3p:a*t]ciapgplar:mee:t with hiorth* :i^estern and Wisconsin at Evanston this afternoon.
|6wa State, who specializes in free 4|iyle sprints, and William Porter^ ■^12 from Case College, who has yeen turning in fast-tima in! the 220. :^ee style, will add' considerable goring power to his comparatively ipekperienced jqpa^.,, iilorthwestern Lost tTi‘ree • j. Northwestern will enter the meet tjhis afternoon with' three tough ^eets behind them. They have lost |\yice to Great Lakes, one of the ^rongest teams in the nation, and ^ce to Michigan by a very close |core. The fact that Northwestern qas seen such competition gives to f the advantage of experience, rbgan. Hansel Support Porter Supporting Porter in the distance ^ims Papenguth has been groomi|ig Bob Brogan, freshman from Indianapolis, and Phil Hansel, V12
sophomore: Horn New Orleans; Who was a member'of the Riveter yearr ling, squad i last season. For the sprint and; relay combinations the main possibilities include Earl; Gorl>y> 16-*year-old freshman from Lafayette; Bob Gumming of PCoria, IlL, freshman numeraT winner last! season; who is now in the VI2, andDon Leach of Tulsa, Okla., another' holdover from last year’s Boilermaker freshman squad. .. Breast stroke possibilities include! Wilb'ei’t Lair, V-12 junior from Bal-timore;-,Md.; James McMullen, Pel-ham;-N.Y., and Bob Barnard,. Chi--' cago, both freshman numerhr winners here. In the back stroke Hugh; Woplverton, V12 freshman from South Bend; and Bop Huntington, freshman from Oak Park, 111., have been making the best showing, while another, freshman, Claude Bower of: Milwaukee, W!is., holds the number' one rank in diving. Following the triangular meet to-* day the Boilermakers will face the following schedule; Feb. 6—Northwestern at Purdue. Feb. 12—Purdue at Illinois. Feb. 19—Big Ten meet at Evans-
ton,. Mbr; 18(tentative) I
-Ohio State at Purdue
NEWLY OPENED!
ft
W
Milkshakes Bakeburgers Malts Light Lunches Open 6 A. M. - 8 P. M;--—7 days week “Across from Dear’s”
V-ll^skeibaH Army- Basketball Tournament The-' top eight' teams in the army basketball league will battle it out on Monday) and : Wednesday nights to decide the championship. A5 and B4i tied- for eighth place and- they, will play the first game te decide whicb-oftthe teams is to'go into the eig-ht-tepm tourney. The games in the tournament will be played in the same manner as they, have beep played'during'the season, with 15minute halves and each team having a 16. minute' rest period- between halves. The first round will be completed'Monday night' and:the semifinals and. finals • will be played' on' Wednesday night. The eight high teams and games won and lost are:
G4
A6 G6
B6
B2
B7
A4
A6
B4
; The schedule of games" for Mon* day night follows: Game 1—6:46, Court 1, A5 vs. B4. Game 2—7:00, Court 1; G5 vs, BS; Game 3—6 :45, Court 2, A4 vs. A6. Game 4—7:00, Court 2, G4 vs. B2. Game 5—7:65, Court 1, B7 vs. winner of Game 1. On Wednesday night the winner of gam© 2 and game 6 will meet and the winner of game - 3: and game 4. These winners will meet in the finals.
10 ..: :.... 8' 8 7
Asic&nd Season of Newness«
Sanitoning new color and jhister into'your last year’s frocks is clothes conservation without pangs or sacrificed
Dml^727a
■ I '*■ \ 1
By Russ Lipes •1- • • Indiana Cancels-Wrestling. Meet' Originally we planned to recapitulate the I’ulfete ot collfegiate wrestling for the benefit of those people who intended to go to the meet with, Indiana this affdrnoon; However, since that'cobtest'has been-called'off and there probably will'not be another home contest this season we will have to forget about the whole thing until next yeai*. Why. was the - meet; cancelled ? Well, it wasn’t the Boilermakers’ fault—it was entirely Indiana’^ doing. It seems to be a-favorite prac-* tice with the Hoosiers to cancel athletic engagements when they do not think that they- have a chance of winning. Such' was ■ the case this time. Only last* week the Hoosier mat team met and deffeated by a narrow margin the same Wheaton College team that the Riveters downed' last' Saturday: Hbwever,, they do not feel thkt they are capable of meeting the Boilermakers today. This reminds us of Indiana’s baseball .schedhle last year when i they pulled almost the same stunt. Cleveland'Due About March 13 • By now it is generally known that the Cleveland Indians are going tO' make Purdue their spring training headquarters for the second seasonin a-row. The Indians are due to' arrive“here around-March 13 and' will be here for about three weeks, Since the Indians were here last the' Fieldhouse has been put to more and more use by the armed forces - and by civilian -PE classes. A month' ago, when the ballplayers again requested the use of the local plant, for training. Bed Mackey was in a-dither-as to whether-or not he would' be able to find room for them. The announcement of their coming could' only mean that Red was able to solve his problem successfully. The second edition of the “Boilermaker Letterman,” a newspaper edited by Bob Wood'worth and • sent to all former Boilermaker major letter winners, has just hit the mails. Seven names of men who have been killed in World WaV H'are now in-, eluded on the Roll, of Honor. They are Lt. John VanDelester ’38, Lt; Jap Poweir’41'; Lt. Ralph Lehr ’39, Lt. Edward Theobald ’26, Lt. Horace Payne ’40,. Lt. 'Thomas Melton '42 and Lt; Marion Carter ex-’43. Comments in letters from the former athletes nearly always include, “Boy, I wish I could have
larlemfaker, Wohrertire Bas ketbcrti
BeerSr CHampaigne Train
Nbw rounding, into top shape, the boxing team is practicallJr hard Under the guidance of Coach Beers andhis assistant, Niel Champaign©. The boxers- go through their- workouts every day, working hard, to get the punch the tfeam demands. Several newcomers, learning the ropes of the ring from the old-tim-ers, are working; hai’di and: promise to become top-notch’ material. Among them is Eldon Hughes, a heavily built fellow and strong puncher. Bfixers are still'needed in the 188 pound and 125 pound classes. Chuck Lome, weighing in at 146,-, has almost completely recovei’ed ffom a hand injury and is back working out with the team. Don McMillan and Wade Jankowitch, ■weighing 170 and 165 respectively, have been working hard and get the praise they deserve from Champaigne. Brace and Pearson, welterweights, look good for their class-. In the heavyweight class Hallpan has been working out re'gularly and is improving fast, adding weight to the Boilermaker contingent. Competition is vitalljr needed for the team. Coach Beers has been ti-ying hard to arrange meets wi\h Wabash College and DePauw University, but as ydt has had no re* plies from either of these schools. been around last fall just to see that football team in ■ action.” Eth Baugh, Alumni Association secretary, recently received a letter from Herb Overton, ’41, with the following notes about former Riveter athletes : Harry McFerren, ’42, is; now an ensign in the Navy at-tached-to-one of the fleet squadrons. Merlin Gantz, ’43, is a first lieutenant in the Marine Air Corps and is stationed at Cherry Point, N. C., where he is flying a transport. Marine Lt. Pinky Warren is with a replacement outfit at Camp Elliott. Bob Kersey, ’42, is out on the Pacific coast, where he is training as a dive bomber pilot.
Bast night and again tonight, six of the inost ppoliftc poi# producers in the Big Ten basketball race are meeting in the Riveter Fieldhouse, all of whom rank among the first fourteen in the individual scoring column. They are ali in there fightingi as the Boilermakers strive to protect their slim mathmaticat* advantage in the current title chase, and as the Wolverines' attempt to score an upset.
, The Wolverines;, seeking^ their first victory on the Boil- ' ermakers’ home courts in 23 ■ years, will be paced by Tommy King. Their lithe forward now Today’s Meet the Team presents, holds the runner-up spot in- the corDennis Horn, 18-year-old 5 ft: 11 in. rent individual scoring, race with a forward of the Boilermaker quintet, total of 56 points in four games. Only a freshman, Dennis has merit- Adding to the Michigan scoriiig ed a first string berth in his first' power is Dave Struck, veteran who season of college basketball. . was named as the most valuable on Played for Princeton Oosterbaan’s quintet last season Dennis played his high school and who now ranks twelfth in con-* basketball at Princeton. He didn’t fereiice scoring columns with 37 play in his freshman year of high points. school, which was spent at Reitz of pour Riveters High in Scoring Evansville because of a broken col- the four, games played before lar bone. However, when he trans- meeting Michigan the Riveter ferred to Princeton, he made an im- gq^ad has produced four formidapressive three-year record. Besides scorers. Charlie Haag, who has the three basketball letters he won p^ced the squad in two of their four at Princeton he also got three in games, leads the team and. is tied for third place in the Big Ten scoring with 63 points. Paul Hoffman, who has ibeen one of the Riveters’ most consistent scorers, ranks seventh in the conference, scoring race with 43 points. Bill Lodge, work-horse center, follows in' eighth place with 42 points, while Dennis Horn, freshman forward, holds down fourteenth place with 34 points. Boilermakers Hold Topheavy Lead The week end games mai'k numbers 29 and SO in the Purdue-Miefai-gan hardwood series. At the present time the Boilermakers hold a topheavy advantage of 20 to 8, due to their superiority on their home court. Michigan has managed to get an even break, splitting even-in 14 games, when playing at Ann Arbor. However at Lafayette the Boilermakers have accumulated' a 13-1 edge. Michigafi’s last local hardwood Victory over the Lambertmen. was achieved way back in the 1921 season, 28-23.
AFTER THE GAME MEET THE GANG AT
Boilermaker Headquarters O. M. Pipes '31
THE
IS THE PLACE TO GO WHEN TIME IS LIMITED AND A GOOD MEAL, WELL COOKED IS IN DEMAND;
BRING YOUR GUESTS TO THE CAEETERIA FOR BREAKFAST, lunch, and dinner. FINE FOOD WELL PREPARED
WjufmfiiciL lAjniofL The Corner of the Campus^r— Yet the Center of Activities
DENNIS HORN. Purdue Forward
baseball. The eagle-eyed forward was high scorer for his team in both his junior and senior year and broke the school scoring record in his senior year, helping his team to a record of 20 wins against 6 losses. Push Shots Mark Horn Horn can be noticed for his distinctive one-handed push shots, -which, incidentally, he executes with either hand. His record thus far with the Riveters is high-lighted by a brilliant 15 point performance
against DePauw Pre-Flight, leading the scoring for that game. Although Dennis mentioned that college basketball is rougher than is high, school basketball, any spectator can attest that the deceptive; netman knows the tricks of the trade. He fits in well with Coach Lambert’s style of play, for he is, accustomed to the fast break. . He' wishes, as do we, that he could: spend many more seasons with the Boilermakers and try his hand pn the Riveter diamond next spring* Now lA, there is a possibility of his being reclassified because of a trick knee that however doesn’t keep him from being a flash on the hardwood. TRY AN EXPONENT ^ CLASSIFIED
am AiWiEifSCAiW BNil ftEALU M E
depths ond ptOvocative oyef->'' Jones.echo ^^d.ove of flfdthatfempts you lo'he doring. Created by lefgh, i( p-resen-ts the epitome of perfume qpalitv at.an American price, f
THE OUNCE ONE SIZE ONLY
§
LEI GH AM&RfCAN PCRFUMSflS « gST. l99Cy
WeTnvikuycMito'come iVi'ond fry the LEIGM PeEftttfM*For Service Men, by Service Men
Saturday, January 22,
Harding Delivers
War Bond Speech
Noi'ice The wrestling meet with Indiana, originally scheduled for this afternoon, has been cancelled.
Glenn L. Jenkins
Apprentice Seaman Bill Harding, a V-12 student at the University, gave a ten-minute speech on station WASK Monday night as part of a progiam connected with the opening of the Fourth War Loan Diive Harding, a veteian of o\ er four years of service in the Navy, was stationed aboard a submarine in the South Pacific during the early part of the war with
Japan, and thus had the oppor- equipment noi means of tians^-t-tunity to see a great deal of equipment to the fiont 2iovf it
dean of the School of Phai macy, has written in collaboiation with Di Waltei Haitung of the Univeisity of Maiyland a new book entitled “The Chemistiy of Oiganic Medicinal Pioducts” The book is published by John Wiley & -Sons, New Yoik
action He spoke biiefiy of va-
is possible to move supplies to the
battle fiont, but it is up to those on
nous engagements in which home fiont to see that there aie their submarine participated supplies to be tianspoited This and told of the discoui aging letieat mateiiel not only contiibutes to the which they weie foiced to make physical well being of those ovei fiom the Philippines He explained theie but to the mental well being
that this letieat was necessitated as well,
by then inability to obtain supplies At that time theie was neithei
Notices
S nc€ riOrC and FRC men are expected to leave soon it will be necessary to take proup pictuies for the Debris immediately Eb Neese Debris editor announced today that none of these pictures can bo re taken or postponed so students are requested to
please be on time They will be taken in the South Ballroom of the Union at the times indicated Tuesday January 25th 4 00—Debris sophomores 4 10 Exponent sophimoies 4 20—Enginecl sophomores 4 30—Union sophomorbs 4 40—Senate sophomoies r 00—Activities Bureau sophomores 6 iO—Alpha 7eta 6 40—Ceres C 60~V C Mciodith 7 00— Omicron Nu 10 Delta Rho Kappa 7 20 Kappa Delta 11 7 ^0 Amciican Pharm Assoc 40— American Inst Elect Ln^,r 60—Eta Kappa Nu 8 00— American Soc Mech Eni,r 8 10 Society of Automotive Ln^r 8 20 Pi Tau Sigma 8 30-Tau Beta Pi 8 40 Phi Lambda Upsilon 8 50 American Inst Chem Ln^i 0 00—Catalyst ) 10 Chi Epsilon 0 20— American Soc Civil Entr ) iO—Skull & Crescent Thursday January 27th r 30—pharmacist 6 40—Camera Clul b 60—Aciomodelers 00—Associated Women Students 7 10—Younj, Womens Chiistian Assoc 1 20—Geld Pcppeis 7 30—Alpha I ambda Delta 7 40—Alpha Phi Omt^a " 60-WBAA 8 00 Playshop 8 10—Theta Alpha Phi 8 20—Tau K ippa Alpha 8 SO—Rcamers
8 40—Purdue Independent Assoc 8 60— Sigma Delta Chi 9 00 Gimlet
sub basement for senior picture proofs —DEBRIS
G E 11. G E 12 and DN 1 Condition make up examination will be held Saturday January 22 at 1 p tn in loom 301 of Michael (golden Shops Bring complete drawing
PlA Dance Class The regular dance i lass will be held Thursday. Jan 27 from 4 to 5 16 p m in the Faculty Lounge instead of Monday. —HENDERSON
meeting Tuesday Jan 25 at 7 30 p m in Conference Room of the Music Hall —SCHWANDT
equipment but no text book Civilan students make arrangements with Registrar for fee deposit —^OWEN
PIA Board meeting Monday Jan 24 at 7 80 p m in PIA room Union It is important that all cjld boaid members and
Skull and Crescent Debris picture taken Tuesday Jan 26 at 9 30 p m in South Ballroom Union An important meeting will be held in room 261 of thf Union at 7 80 p m on Wednesday Jan 26
Phi Kappa Sigma Call George Baugh manat 8444 concerning plans for banquet Satuiday Jan 22 —CARLSON
the candidates for the chairmanships be there —HENDERSON
Christian Science Organization Regulai
Alpha Phi Omega Formal pledging at 7 30 p m on Wedneseday Jan 26 in the Old Chestnut Room (231) Union All mem* bers please attend —WINKLER
Civilian and Servcie Students who are interested in writing sports are asked to rtpoi t to the Sports Office on the second flooi of the Fieldhouse Monday, January 24 at 4 p m —LIPES
YWCA Board meeting Friday, Jan 21 at 4pm —HAHNENSTEIN
Catalyst Party Saturaay aiiernoon Meet on west steps of Chemical Engineering build* ing at 3 p m —GAUNT
Chi Eta Epsilon Business meeting in room 113 Thursday Jan 24 at 4 p m —HITE
Lutheran Stujdents A devotional meeting will be held Sunday in the East Faculty Lounge The meeting will start at 7 30 p m —Holiday
Fraternity Presidents Please inform the F A O office of your mailing address —SHIFTE
Seniors Come to room 60 in the Union
Classified - Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds "watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C P Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2^'"9
Lost—Bint maible striped 1 aikcr life time fountain i tn Call 8413 Room loo
Lost—Ruby ring ) elongmg t my mother in south womens loun^t Unicn Sundaj Keepsake Rewaid DeKa^ 20 4
Waiter Openings Three mcil i d u plus *^5 00 per month for waiter service Inq iie It Dtlta Gamma soiorit^ Hcilmin
Hanted—Student t worl i frateinitv hou t ] h ii iti Bob Allen 2o90
Will gentleman whose pen I b( rowed at Minnesota game call 1641 Ralph
For Sale—Modtl A Ford 1 >29 Hoffman 116 Pierce
Lost—Parker pen ol LokI an 1 blacl Re ward Call 6028 Jack Lusl
Valentine Cards
KLACKS FOR MEN OR WOMEN
AT DEAC’S
Should be mailed notv for friends in service overseas
ANY SIZE—59c
University Book Store
Across from the Union Bldg.
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE 325 State St.
Ski Sweaters Leather Coats
Finger-Tip Coats Eye-Catching Sox ^juJUumL . Inc.
^ BOOKS ^ GIFTS
|,^ ■% STATIONERY ^ ATHLETIC SUPPLIES
OFFICE SUPPLIES
I \
Follow Our Boilermakers Rest and Relax
at the
AND EQUIPMENT
Decker s Inc
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
dioisL
Blue Blazer
Walnut Room Cafe O.M. Pipes, '31
SoidhwihiliL
SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to yon, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer you the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS
PURDUE BASKETBALL
University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
BOB
Graves Quality Bakery J-insL SmcuL and. ^abihisA.
PURDUE
No. Name 24 Lodge 3 Horn 9 Gustafson 23 Kennedy 27 Frazier 30 Haag 25 Friend
4-
MICHIGAN
No. Name 4. Strack 15. King 14. Hirsch 18. Lund 6. Shrider
HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES
T T t r
Edgerton Hardware
E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
Waul (t'l.’Ky) Lambeit
Get the Best!
SPORTS COUIPMENT For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell at
4th Street Annex
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE
TRIPLE XXX
Corner of Salisbury and Main
GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S