t xi-) i ‘'f{ f ^ \
^ or ^
•V
;4?*
*?j
11
fii
4 /
T\ 1 Purdue
C>l»
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 152
SoturdcQr* ApfS I3« 1940
Late News Bulletins
• Mighty Naval Engagement Continues LONDON, April l2—Still shrouded in the thunder and smoke of mighty cannon, <i(ne of the greatest sea battles of history between the German fleet^and the combined sea forces of Norway, France, and Britain continues to range unabated in the Norwegian waters near the strategic port of Trondheim. The outcome of the struggle is still in the doubtful stage, but neutral experts in London have sifted the conflicting reports from Berlin and London and have given the British sea dogs a slight edge. Communiques from both forces have reported the sinking of one pocket battleship, two light cruisers, at least twelve smaller craft, and five destroyers. • British Break Bombing Deadlock BERLIN, April 12— A Reich spokesman today declared that the new British military strategy of bombing “German traflic institutions” will draw appropriate consequences, after Britain gave the first real indication of her air power in widespread attacks on air fields located at Stavanger, the railway junction at Holstein, at the Nazi-Norway supply line, and flotillas at sea and in bases. Bombing heretofore had consisted of sea base attacks. In the ensuing fighting the Nazis claim a total of eight enemy aircraft shot down and two of their own lost. London immediately demed the Holstein bombing incident. • Reich Reminds Balkans BUCHAREST, April 12—^To remind the Balkans that the Reich has not forgotten them in the midst of the northern clamor of guns and propaganda, Germany issued an ultimatum that southeastern trade circles would invite action which might extend to a military sphere if they favored the allies with concessions detrimental to the Reich. Berlin also won the right to send gunboats down the Danube to protect oil and wheat shipments against “British Sabotage” after demands upon Danubian nations. • Americans Await New Developments WASHINGTON, April 12—^Having taken all possible steps for the protection of Americans in the Scandinavian war zone, the United States today resumed its policy of “watchful waiting.” It is the expressed opinion of many American officials that the Norwegian thrust is merely a prelude to “totalitarian warfare,” which will burst forth in all its fury in a few days.
Weather Hampers Baseball Workouts For Findlay Series If and when the Indiana weather man quits trying to show off, the Boilermaker diamondmen will attempt to get down to the business of playing baseball. Findlay College of Findlay, O., is hoping to furnish the next bit of opposition when they wander onto the local diamond next Tuesday and Wednesday. The snow, which buried the second Iowa game Thursday, not only forced the cancellation of yesterday’s much talked about encounter with the Pittsburgh Pirates, but drove the Boilermakers indoors for a somewhat impaired practice. Blanken To Start Don Blanken, who has been roaming the Riveter outfield for the last few games, will take the mound against the Ohioans on Tuesday, and Gerald Higgins is slated to see action in the second encounter. Bud Stamm will occupy Blanken’s post in the outfield for the first game, but outside of this shift in the garden the regular line-up will take the field. Illness has taken a slight toll among the Boilermaker ranks within the last few days. Bob Bailey, the number one flinger on the staff, is just recovering from a streptococcus throat infection, while Bud Fisher is at the present time reclining in the hospital with the same ailment. Former Boilermaker The invaders, who are coached by Howard Kissel, a former Purdue man, will bring with them one of the best small college teams ever to come out of the Buckeye state. They have run up an amazing record in the past few yekrs, and this season are taking on such powerful aggregations as the University of Pittsburgh, Ohio State, and the Boilermakers. Cosmopolitan Club , . . announces thq election of the following officers: Ernesto Cortissoz; president; Luis^DeBayle, vicepresident; Amy Myers, secretary; and Mildred Browning, treasurer.
"Remember To Play Tuesday" Born Tells 47 Bridge Teams The second round of the all-cam-pus championship bridge tournament will be played Tuesday, April 16, at 7 p.m. in the south ballroom of the Union. It is highly important that every team play again Tuesday regardless of its score this week, since no team will be eliminated until after the second qualifying round. Tournament director, Julius L. Born, stated that at this stage every team has an even chance of remaining in the tomnament. “In fact,” said Born, “all a team has to do to be assured of entering the semifinals is to reach the half-way mark in its section in the second qualifying round next week. Forty-seven teams composed of four players each, playing in three sections, competed in the first qualifying round of the bridge tournament Wednesday evening. Top teams in their respective sections were The Slick Aces, composed of H. Wilmeth, F. Downey, R. Johnson, and F. Losson; Poker Players Local, made up of J. Smalley, D. Forkes, K. Merchant, and H. Whitlock; and Cary Hall Northwest, composed of G. Kintner, L. Brown, K. Connel, and W. Dake. Team scores are now on display in the game room of the Union building. Wesley Foundation Eleds Edward Brown President elected president of Wesley Foundation at a recent meeting. Other, officers are: Cornelia Caldwell, HE ’42, vice-president; Walter Kettering, treasurer; and Anna Katherine Williams, secretary. In the Foundation’s subsidiary organizations, Dorothy Holden will be president of the co-ed class, and Glenn Searcy, president of the men’s class. In the Epworth League Charles Fearnot was elected president, and Ann Pierce, vice-president. Mennbers of the new Foundation Council will hold their organization meeting on Wednesday evening.
iHli
Ed Luedeka . . . ticket manager of “Sweethearts,” Varsity Show of 1940, announced yesterday that seats are on sale for 50 cents. Persons wishing to reserve seats Or jbuy tickets may do so daily al; the Playshop office between 3 and 6 p.m. Over one thousand 75 cent seats have been reserved for “Sweethearts” to date. Frost Will Address Literary Group At 13 Annual Banquet 5 Robert Frost, noted American poet and Pulitzer prize winner, will speak to the University’s literary minded members at the thirteenth annual Literary Dinner to be given in the south union ballroom Tuesday, April 16, at 6:30 p. m. Prof. Paul Fatout, of the English department and chairman of the dinner committee, has announced that Dr. E. C. Elliott will preside over the affair. Award Prizes The banquet will also mark the conclusion of individual literary efforts on the part of University students, since all awards available to students through the literary channel will be made at ^hat time. The following presentations will be made: George Ade cup, best play; David E. Ross cup, best poem; H. G. Rdisner cUp, best short story; Governor Townsend cup, best informal essay; English department prize, second best essay; Dean Enders prizes, best essays on science; Hockema-Stewart prizes, best historical essays dealing with Indiana or Tippecanoe Cqunty; Winterrowd prizes, libraries collected by seniors; Merriam Webster Company prizes, freshman vocabulary contest. Tickets 75 Cents Tickets for the banquet, which may be bought for 75 cents, are on sale at the English department office, Southworth’s, Deac’s, west desk of the Union, and Decker’s. Although the banquet is limited to those with tickets, any one may attend the session after the dinner without a ticket. Music Federation Closes Twentieth Annual Convention Members of the Indiana Federation of Music Clubs held the final meeting of their twentieth annual convention last night at 8:15 in the south ballroom of the Union. The piogram included the singing of various groups of the student division of the federation. The DePauw madrigal singers openedtheevening’s program seated around a table in traditional madrigal style. Others who sang were the Ball State College choir, the combined women’s quartet and male quartet of Manchester College, and the men’s glee club directed by Al Stewart. Howaid Palmer, Muncie, played a piano solo. Last, night’s program was the climax of the two-day convention here on the campus, which was attended by approximately 259 Hoosier music lovers. Mrs. Frank Gregor of Indianapolis was elected president of the state society for the next year, succeeding Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, of Manilla, who has headed the organization for the past year. br. f. L Butz ... of the University farm management staff is spending the weekend at Ithaca, New York, where he is inspecting the chapter of Alpha Gamma Rho, social fraternity, at Cornell University. He is making this inspection in the capacity of a member of the national council of Alpha Gamma Rho. While at Cornell, Dr. Butz will confer with several members of the agricultural economics department afv that school.
Dr. R. M. Davis To Deliver Religious Convo Sermon California Minister Speaks On 'Man: Builder, Fighter, Lover, Worshippet" Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, of Oakland, Calif., will speak be-
Retuming to the air after an absence of seven weeks, WBAA’s Saturday afternoon broadcast of Campus Varieties will originate in the north ballroom of the Union at 3 o’clock this aft^oon. Irvan Maury’s campus orchestra will be the headline attraction and will feature vocalists Darlene Mahns and Eddie Beardsly and composer-vocalist-trumpet player Clint Brown. A fifteen minute portion of the program w^l be devoted to a preview of the coming Varsity Show’s production of Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts.” Members of the cast, choruses, and the orchestra will all take part in presenting some of the best known songs from the show. Others appearing on the hour long program include Pat Heine, vocalist; Charlie Powell, singer-pi-anist; Russ Mock, pianist; Dick Pittenger; and Jean Skinner and her Melody Maids. Such songs as “Remember,” “Summertime,” “Hawaiian War Chant,” “Starlit Hour,” “Angel,” “Blue Moon,” “Body and Soul” will be presented. The two latest compositions of Clint Brown entitled “Hittin’ * the Books” and “In San Moray,” will be played on the air for the first time. When “Hittin’ the Books” was introduced at the Union swing session last week, it received a large ovation from the crowd. Other features of the show will be the Carmichael Song of the Week, “I Walk With Music,” and the Week-in-Review presented by the master of ceremonies*. Hank MiUer. The program is open to the student body and will continue for one hour.
\
State Frozen Foods Locker Operators Close Conference The closing sessions of the University conference for operators of frozen foods lockers were held yesterday afternoon and morning. W. F. Warner, federal meat specialist, and S. T. Warrington, federal agricultural economist, were the guest speakers of the program. Advantages of the quick-fre;ez-ing cold storage system were discussed, and emphasis was placed on the use of the greatest possible speed between picking and slaughtering operations and the freezing process. ^ Purdue specialists, speaking at the afternoon session, stated that only high quality fruit and vegetables should be placed in storage. The two-day meeting, the first held in Indiana, was attended by 150 persons from all parts of the state.
Harry McCrady
Prof. Robbins, Founder Of Ceres, Receives Plaque At Banquet
By Jim Purcell Ceres, Agronomy honorary, paid tribute last night at its twentieth anniversary banquet in the west faculty lounge of the Union to Professor F. E. Robbins, associate professor of Agronomy and founder of Ceres. Prof. Robbins was presented with a plaque bearing the likeness of the ^ Ceres key and the following inscription, “To Robbie, in commemoration of 20 years of distinctive serrtce to Ceres.” Prof. Robbins, prior to his graduation from the University in 1912, was president of the Agriculture Society, president of the Emersonian Literary Society, and Grading School, his laboratory bepresident of the Agathon Club which later became Phi Sigma Kappa, social fraternity. In his undergraduate days. Prof. Robbins worked from circulation manager of the Agriculturist in his freshman year to editor in his senior year.( Prof. Robbiib obtained his mas-
fore the last religious convocation of the current school year, the April convocation for worship, at 10:30 o’clock tomorrow morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Davis’ topic will be “Man: Builder, Fighter, Lover, Worshipper.” —— Choir Will Sing
'The University choir of 150 voices and an echo choir of 30 voices, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will sing “Even Me” and “Beautiful Saviour.” The latter is from the “Crusader’s Hymn,” and Robert Stanley wiU sing the baritone
solo.
Dr. Davis’ first appearance on the University campus was in June of 1928 when he gave the baccalaureate address. He was called back in March of the following year to deliver a series of five addresses, three to the student body and two to the townspeople. Address^ First Convos For six consecutive years beginning with the fall of 1929 Dr. Davis gave the principal address at the first all-university convocation held each year in the Memorial Gymnas-
ium.
Dr. Davis was pastor of the Hyde Park Presbyterian Church of Chicago and of a church in Erie, Pa., before going to California. He is now pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Oakland. He holds degrees from Missouri VaUey College, San Francisco Theological Seminary, Harvard, and Boston 'University. Convo End^ Series This convocation is the last in the series of monthly religious convocations for the current school year. They will be continued next yesor in, as it is now planned, the nearcompleted Music Hall. R. B. Stewart Reports On Survey Of Public Supported Colleges R. B. Stewart, University controller, recently returned from N<hpman, OMa., where he spoke before the Association of University and College Business Officers of the United States. “Financing Plant Additions from Borrowed Funds,” was the subject of his speech in which he gava re- i suits of his recent survey of pub-^ licly supported colleges and universities throughout the United States. Data on borrowing they had done to meet the demands for more buildings, occasioned by rapidly growing enrollments, showed that 52 had borrowed funds at some time or other. Permissive legislation for the borrowing has been adopted by 29 states. Such action was taken in Indiana in 1925. Stewart described the building program at the University, under which buildings are constructed upon a self-supporting and self-li-quidating basis. There are 204 buildings of a similar nature over the United States and many institutions have patterned their business management systems aftmr that inaugurated at Purdue in 1922.
. . . and his orchestra will play for the Chi Omega, social sorority, spring formal dinner-dance in the north ballroom of the Union tonight from 9 until 12 o’clock. McCrady will feature his russet-top-ped vocalist, Rosie Douglas. Heilman Will Play Tonight For April Shower Mixer Playing amidst April shower decorations, Gene Heliman and his twelve piece band will provide the music for the mixer tonight in the south ballroom of the Union from
nine until twelve o’clock.
The band which is well known throughout Indiana has just recently finished engagements at Lake Wawasee and at the Progress Club in South Bend. A glee club is also featured with the band. Tickets may be purchased for the regular price of one dollar at the door.
Jean Woods
. . . has recently become engaged to Millard Gannon, ME ’38, according to an announcement made by her parents. Miss Woods is a member of Chi Omega sorority and Gannon is an instructor in the electrical engineering school and a member of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity.
ter’s degree in 1917 and became an associate professor of Agronomy. He initiated the Commercial Grain Grading school, his laboratory being the first of its kind in the nation. He has been a pioneer in the establishment df grain schools throughout the state, is a licensed grain inspector, and the first soybean inspector in the state. Prof. Robbins has been in charge of the activities of the WinterCourse students since his graduation, and has helped organize their Winter-Course Society, the WinterCourse Orchestra, and the WinterCourse Glee Club. In the founding of Ceres, 20 years ago. Prof. Robbins felt that he was forming an organization to promote agronomic interests, fee was helped in this by Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, who was then a professor of
Agronomy.
Attending the banquet last night were 45 alumni of Ceres, active members, and new Initiates.
Delta Upsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Alexander Clarke, president; Glenn Smith, vice-presidekt; Monroe Lennox, steward; Bob Gimlin, recording secretslry; Bob Seebox^ ger, corresponding secretary; Robert Tewksbury, almnni secretary. Spring initiates indude: James McKillup, Michigan City; Bob Seeburger, Huntington; and Robert Tewksbury, Wabash. The following were recently pledged: John Switzer, Long Island, New York; Bai Canaday, Indianapolis; Robert McKee, Villa Park, Hi; BiU Caple, Peru; Jim Thomas, ORnton; BUI Barnes, Middleton, 0,a and Firaxik
Kuhn, Elkhart.m *
P0BDUE EXI^OHENT
$#(ii!doy# Ap:^ 13« 1940
Seven More Pupils Dr.bwIsWiSpeak [ (f;^a9tew4
Qualify For Pilot's At fait Bela Pi Dinner
Rating In CAA Tests Seven more air-minded students, port of a daas of 50 enrolled in the flight training program sponsored by the Civil Aeronautics Authority, Wednesday passed tests entitling bthem to private pilot’s rating, it was annttinced by Capt. L. I. Aretz, manager of the University airport. The ad^tion of this group brings the numlber who have successfully passed the flight test this semester to fourteen. Janette E. Morris, of West Lafayette, who was the first girl in the nation to take to the air in the CAA program, was among those who earned the private pilot’s rating. Others in the group are: R. E. Bauman, Chicago, 111.; H. G. Littlefield, CUcago, HI.; W. D. Croft, Millxngton, Tenn.; W. C. Beach, Detroit, Mich.; P. E. Powell, West Lafayette; and R. E. Jansing, Cincinnati, O. Miss Morris is a senior in the school of science, and Bauman is in the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering, while the other members of the class are enrolled in the school of mechanical engineering. BoHermaker Gym Team Faces Williams Coliege The Boilermaker gym team will meet the gymnasts from Williams College at 6:30 this evening. This is the first dual meet that the local team h^ engaged in for some time, although they have taken part in several exhibitions previous to this date. Entrants in the various evente are as follows: Horizontal Bar—Middleton, Pozer, Farkas, Markham, Campbell and Anderson. Parallel Bars—Cartese, Middleton, Pozer, and Anderson. Side-Horse — Pozer, Anderson, Grasselor and Sekban. Flying Rings—^Middleton, Pozer, Campbell, Farkas, Anderson, and Markham. ' Tumbling—Campbell, Middleton, Turner and Brown. Van Riper Obtained For Slimmer Speech Ciinic Dr. Charles Van Riper, director of the Speech Clinic at Western State Teachers College, will be a guest lecturer at the annual Summer School Speech Clinic during the first six weeks of summer school. He will also be available for consultations with teachers, parents, and stutterers. In addition Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the Purdue Speech Clinic, will give a three weeks’ intensive unit course beginning June 10 and a six weeks’ speech correction training course beginning June 18. A new apparatus, the magnetic steel tape-record-ing machine, has been added to the laboratory supplies. Those registering for the Summer Clinic are required to pay a small registration fee. A limited number of people are accepted so it is essential that reservations be made as soon as possible for speech defective persons.
What’s in a name? Paul Painter has won a water color art contest at the University of Cincinnati.
NOW SHOWING ilialt Hisney's pg. PULL LENGTH FEATURE tajxhio TECHNICOLOR
MIPNITE SHOW TONITE 11:00 P. M.
Dr. William Mather Lewis, president of Lafayette College at Ehston, Penn., has been chosen as the principal speaker for the annual all engineering honor dinner to be held Thursday evening, April 25, in the Union ballroom. The all engineering honor dinner, which is Sponsored by Tan Beta Pi, is held to pay tribute to the distinguished students in all of the engineering SCli^ooIs. It is open to all of the engineering faculty and members of the engineering honoraries. A. B. Hueston is chairman of the committee in charge of the dinner. Dr. Lewis formerly was headmaster at Lake Forest College and also was mayor of Lake Forest, lU. He has been active in national educational affairs and has spoken on educational topics in many parts of the country.
Briefs By Clarence
Snow and weather phenomena are something that just happen. We’Ve developed a fantastic attitude toward weather since wading through snow on the 11th and 12th of April that will take a long time to change. Seems like snow falls when it wants to, anyhow.
We remember when we went swimming in the Ohio one tenth of April not so many years ago. The water was rather crisp, but only one of us had to be dragged out exhausted. Pretty good record, that. We saved him. He was the son of a minister, and theoretically worth saving.
While we were swimming it began to rain, so a little snow doesn’t really bother us any more,-but we are glad to have something to talk about.
And then there was the time that we accepted a job sanding nicks and scratches from radio cabinets on the top floor of a building in the middle of the summer. The dam radios weren’t drsdng right, so we had to close the windows and timn on the very efficient steam heating system. Got kinda warm.
To fill out the last paragraph we’ll re-quote Mark Twain, who once said, in a moment of inspiration, “Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody seems to do anything about it.”
Snow use, “How do you like Kipling?” “I don’t know. How does one Kipple?”
“Sneagle.” “Snoteagle, snowl!” “Sneither, snostrich.”
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
-SUNDAY - MONDAYFIT FOR A KING GOLDEN BOY
By Until Bose Monday will also find tennis enthusiasts assembled at the gymi The occasion is the first of a series of instructional periods :^or those girls desiring to learn some of the fundam^tald and finer points of the gapie. 'WSth the WAA tennis toui^amenfs in the offing this should be a good opportunity for players to polish up their game.
—^waa—
Batter up! This familiar call will ring out Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoons when practice baseball games will be played. This is a chance for WAA members to get in their required number of practices before the regular games are played.
With the coming of spring and spring weather WAA members will emerge from their winter quarters to take their places on the baseball field, archery range, and tennis court. This week will mark the beginning of this spring’s sport schedule. —waa— All prospective Dan Cupids and Robin Hoods should be on hand for the first archery call-out Monday at 4 p, m. in the gym. On Wednesday afternoon the first practice will be held. All girls interested should come and get in shape for the coming archery tommament.
WBAA
SATURDAY 11:00—Just KMs 11:16—Carolyn Wood 11:30—High School Guest / 12:00—The Woman Shopper 12:15—^Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:45—Saturday Musical Review 2:00—Stamp Club 2:30—^Monitor Views the News 3:00—Campus Varieties
The University of Wisconsin boxing team has been imbeaten in 32 consecxitive home matches.
Dean C. E. Edmondson of Indiana University is national faculty billiard champion.
Northwestern Univeristy students hold a “fluhkers’ frolic” after their final examination periods. With Sugar “Won’t you join fine in a cup of coffee?” “You get in first.” ft —^Urchin.
LUMA —SUNDAY - MONDAY— HQUIWOOD SAID IT GQUID HEIfER BE MADE!
PLUS—2ND FEATURE A THRILLER-DILLER-MURDER MYSTERY! Heather ANGEL John KING FIRST RUN LAST DAY—2 FEATURES GENE AUTRY in "Raincho Grande" — ALSO — LLOYD NOUN in "The Man Who Wouldn't Talk*
SCsIbDVLBIB
H&U, va Sigma Phi Epsilon . f ^ Phi Delta Theta Sigma vs Alpha Tan Omega Samma Delta vs Sigma Alpha / Epsilon Phi Kappa Psi vs Ti Kappa Phi Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Sigma Kappa Tahr Epaiion Phi vs Aeaoia ^ Delta Chi vs Triangle
Kappa Delta Bho vs Theta Xi Phi Kappa Tan ve Pht kapp»
Notices
I Activities Bnrean: Ciimpuisory meeting of all innipr and sophomore workers at 4 fi.m. Monday, April 16. —BBEUEB.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday, Apdil 16, at 7;16 p.m. sharp. Elections, hw^Quet, and trip will be discussed. All meihhers please be present. —mNSHAW. Christian Science Organimtion: Regnlav meeth^ will I?e hejd ih room SOB of the Unioh! ThesdaV. Aptil US, 7:B0 p, ih, —KNIPP. CTnian Worlmrs: All of fhe sophomore and freshmeQ workers come to the Student Union offices thid aftetnoon at 1 o’clock. —HAMMAN.
AM ChUl: ^tt organizat: TueB(|i*.^rine. at ?:A0 p. 282 of the Union. All those inti
attend.
rtion meeting, , m. in room interested please —^-CloABK. «
' Church of Christ: Meeting Sunday, April 14, St 3 p. m., at 804 South 27th St., Lafayeffe. Framk Van Dyke, miniater, will be in Sharge. —CANTOWINE.
Scabbard and Blade: Bough initiation tonight in Armory. Be there to assist. —OliSON.
Seshn^ Club: Meeting at 6:46 p, m. Sunday, Ajpril 14, in. room C of the Uniom Snpiie!r before meeting as luual. Prof, d, U. Mckee will speak on “Keeping Your Head in The Midst of Propaganda.’’ —BAKSS.
Co-op Venture: Luma, Salisbury, Marwoed, Ann. Tweedaie turn in reports for this Week’s issue to Union SOA office by 1 o’clock Saturdsty:^ April 18. —ELY,
Umen Workers: All available workers* report Monday, April 16, to Union office at 4 p. m. to work on Prom decorations. —HOFFER, BRODD,
Varsity Show Ticket Sellers: Bring tickets to Fowler Hall. —LUEDKA.
WAA Tennis: Intramural and student facnlty donbles tournament begins next week. Deadline for signing up is April 17. The list is posted in the women’s gym. Monday and Wednesday there will be instruction, for WAA members. —EMSHOFF.
Agricnltural EnginV'ting 11: An examination to remove coaG^ons in Agrleoltnral Engineering 11 (Mechanics of Agriculture) wHl be given Saturday, April 20. Come to room 106, old agricnltural migineering building, to arrange for the examination. This arrangement must he completed by AprU 18. —RICHEY. HUBLER.' Dating Club: A bicycle hike to Battle Ground is planned for 1 p. m. Sunday, April 21. All interested whether having bicycles or not call Marcile Long, 2823; Marge Ward, 41111: George Shawkins, 66714, or Fred Cordua, 86293. There will be an election of Outing Club officers at this meeting. —COMDUA.
Silver Mask: Foumal initiation Sunday, Apiffi 14, 6 p.m. in room 232 of Union. All pledges bring a Sam Browne belt. Banquet following initiation. —WELDY.
Independent Staff: Petitioners will be interviewed Sunday afternoon and evening, April 14. Post card will notify each of the time of his interview. Staff will work next Wednesday on issue for Apiril 22. —ARCHIBALD.
Lutheran Stildenfs: A meeting of the Lutheran stttdente Association will be h4d in room 807 of the Union, Monday, April 16, at 7:16 p. m. —HALL.
UlEillfilliB Starts TOMORROW The WICKEDEST Woman WHO EVER LIVED! David 0. SeIxnick, producer of "Gone With the Wind," now gives you "Rebecca" ... a woman of fascination to rival Scarlett O'Hara. Re-i becca—the strangesi)' . . . the most complex . . . the mwt baffling character the screen has ever dramatized!
REBECCA
starring LAURENCE OLIVIER JOAN FONTAINE —LAST TIMES TODAY— LIHOA DARNELL — IN — "STAR DUST"
Mik BKAR IT
“Great Scott! You gave me a scare! I thought my wife had started spring cleaning!”
Omicron Nu: Initiation and buffet STip* per Sunday, April 14, at 6 p.m., in room 807 of the Union. —HORWITZ.
Student Service Fund Committee: Will meet in the east faculty lounge, Monday, April 16, at 4:00. Please be prompt. —HOBBS.
Mewman Club: Monthly communion Sunday, April 14, a,t 9:80 mass at S^. Mary’s followed by a breakfast in the school hall. Sunday night, 8 to 11 p.m., there will be a radio dance in the hall. All Catholic students are invited to attend. ( —GARTY.
A. E. Arkin, E. L. BbikBlee, 6. D. BZadner, J. W. Brown, J. D. Brummett, T. M. Bushnell, G. C. Chapin, M. R. Chapin, R. A. Dibos, A. J. DUlon, O. N. Doup, J. P. Hiwards, A. H. Exton, D. D. Getchel, B. W. Gibson, F. ?!. Graf, & ^ Goh»me!l, J, F. Guzewicz, T. F. Hale, H. R. Hanson, R. £. Hawker, L. A. Hess, N. S- HilL J. Hudson', R. W. Huffman, J. G. Hurst, A. L. Jackspn, R. A. Jackson, M, k^k, J. E. klinker, F. R. knipp, wT L. korta C. C.
kratz, F. P. Longwell, W. Luthi, A. S. Luzzatto, A.
, B. A. i, C. G.
Manley, R. 6. Massey, B(. E. HUllgali, C. W. Peterson, J". J. Rogers, j. L. Schell, £.
Gimlets: All men having money or tickets out return to Fieldhouse pronto. —FRAZEk. Reamer Club: Election of new officers will be held Monday night, April 16, 8 o’clock in Room 3Q3 of Union. —REILEY.
W. A. Ward, S. E. Werngren, E. H. Wilson, H. R. Wilson, R. E. Wilson, 6. M. Yurkanan. —BURST,
Purdue Christian Foundation: The skating party scheduled for Friday night, April 12, at 10 p.m. is changed to Saturday night, April 18 at 10 p.m. Meeting place is to be 126 Chauncey. All who can come at 8 p.m. please do so. —MANGUS.
Modem Dance: Rehearsal Saturday, April 13, at LiOO p.m. in the women’s gym. Imperative that everyone be there, —HICKMAN.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will, report on Saturday, April 13, by schools as follows. Students whose names begin with — A-E Room 129, Electrical Building F-Le kovw 2,01, Civil Building Li-R Rodm Ml, Michael Golden Shops S-Z Room 264, Electrical Building « —KNAPP.
Military Students: The following students will report to room 108 at 4 o’clock on Mon day, April 16. They will receive their assignments for the Military Show for Gaia Week.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low ps $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Bhersheff, 606 Main street. FOR RENT Bws Bont^-Cgr ServlM. Con for aB ojcorious. Mbs. $t.M oil ntehi. fihoM LOST AND FOUND Lost: Wallet, containing 16.00, tickets to prom, “Sweethearts.’’ $2.00 tdward. Jack Findley. 4840.
Lost: k and E log-log duplex rule No. 616980. Call 7026.
“Sal was bold and
beautiful...with a mind that knew all the angles...:
a body that had all the curves.' Who else could that be hut...
0IMm
uiith
JEFFREY LYNN HUMPHREY BOGART ZASU I^ITTS.UNA d’CONNOR JESSIE BUSLEY. JOHN LITEL Starts TODAY
PWff: HlfPMiAOe/ "Angel In Disguise" "Gaucho Serenade" "Atemories" "Put P(i Your Old e&uy Boflfiat" ^ "Ain’t We Got Fun" "Oh,YouBedoHMPoll" and othwtl
•tfk
(Tfci
SK
if
Y if ,
Aittil 13> 1940
spring Gridders Battle In Intra-Squad Game Today Snow ^ no anow the Riveter football team will stage an in-tra-squad game today in the Ross-Ade stadium. The game which tvlU be open to the general public iyill start at 2:30 p.m. s Football Woathe]|^ ■
Altbousb ground conditions will probably be bad and the weather
chilly, the day will be a good one for the game, as it will give the boys a chance to make their blocks, tackles, runs, and passes under the conditions yrhich will prevail in the latter part of the autumn football season. Such experience will help the griddeVS when they play those tough November games next fall. The exhibition will be featured by liberal substitution with everybody getting a chance to show his wares. This contest gives promise of being vary interesting, for the Riveters are in nnid-season form, having numerous. informal scrimmages and one formal game, which took place
IMPORTANT TO ALL STUDENTS WEARING GLASSES Do you know that broken lenses can be replaced witbqint a prescription by testing even a small piec^ of the broken lense. QUICK SERVICE Glasses left with us before 10:00 in the morning will be returned by 5 o’clock in the afternoon of the g^me day.
Glasses for repair n^ay be left at either our east si^e store, 434 Main Street or our West Lafayette store in Southworth’s Book Store. GERRY MOHLMAN 434 Main Street 3Q8 State Street Lafayette West Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
'DEAC' Ey0rythin9 for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK 4th fir AiUin PtMiM 5701
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISEHBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 5p4 Main St.
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square fine jewelry ^odefate Prices
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST m 522 Main St. Phone 4711 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY quality milk Phoue 462H
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mqln at 7th Phone 6050
e Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Hardware
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354,
• bine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
duritig the football clinic, xmder their belts. Moreover, the lads will be giving the old college try in hopes of findifig favor in the eyes of
Coach Elward and his staff. Herbert Bhemker
. .. graduate of the school of civil engineering and a resident of Indianapolis, has annoimced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for surveyor of Marion County. He has served for two one-year terms as surveyor and county engineer, and has been chief deputy
surveyor for four years.
iisddiiJijbu ^ I Chjoicn
Br Bobert J. Beebard “We’ll play that game if it takes a hundred years.” —fc— And that’s tile way William Benswanger, presi^nt of the Pittsburgh Pirate baseball club, sized up the situation of a baseball game in the future between the Bucaneers and the Boilermakers for Coach Dutch Fehring, PU baseball mentoi*, in a telephone conversation Thursday, after the game had been cancelled—or postponed. —^fc— Well, it’s just one*of those things. Blame it on Mother Nature or Ole Man Winter, who stepped out of his territory to prevent the two teams from tangling. Much credit and commendation should be given to Reamers, Gimlets, and University officials for working like Trojans on the affair. \ — We had a talk with Fehring yesterday afternoon during the baseball team’s practice, which took place inside of the Fieldhouse because of the inclement weather. According to Fehring, the entire roster was going to see some action during the fray. —fc— Fehring told us some bad news, at least for the present Bob Bailey, junior slabman, has been confined to quarters the last two days with a rather intimate friend of a numbei? of folks these days, “strep”— but the sterling Purdue moundsman
McFallBam|iietSped(er ForWesteyFoundafion Wesley Fopfidkttofi 'rt'iU hold its annual bahq(ue| efehing, April 26, in tliO hdhiu economics building. Rnv. Mettill Idcil^all of Indiana University, formerly of Crown Point, will be the speaker of the occasion. Jane Rome is general chairman. Tickets may be purchased from Paul Eckler, Bob Lumpkin, Fairie Totten, John Fonts, Winifred Thompson, and Anna Katherine Williams.
Carrot-topped Louisiana State University students have formed a “Red-Head Club.”
was in street clothes at practice yesterday afternoon. —fc— Boilermaker catcher. Bud Fisher, was hospitalized yesterday afternoon for the same reason, so that just about makes things complete for doing ayray with a first-string battery on the Boilermaker contingent, for a short time anyway. —^fc— The Fieldhouse proper was a scene of activity yesterday.... The footballers vfere practicing at one end of the fioor, while the baseballers were at the other end, working on, a make-shift diamond. —fc— Everybody seemed to be on the go, including this department which ran a couple of hurdles, threw several balls back to players, and did a bit of “boxing” with Expo sports editor, Rolfe Jenkins.... Great stuff athletics!
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS . Mon., Apr. 22, 7:30 p. m. Study Under a Nationally Known Instructor—P. M. Allen Graduate Chalif Russian School N. Y. Oty President of Chicago Ass'n of Dancing Meters Past Five Years.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Wednesday, April 24th
THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6lh and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Boilermaker Trackmen Open Outdoor Activities Today Against Spartans Under the same sloppy conditions that harassed them a year ago, the Boilermaker track team will engage the Spmrtans of Michigan State in the first dual meet of the outdoor season at East Lansing this afternoon. Confident that his boys will avenge the 76-55 beating suffered at the State boys' hands in 1939, Coach Hermon Phillips has entered a strong 25-man squad.
Bow Enthusiasts At Fieldhouse For Meet This Morning Hoosier bow-wielders from Lake Michig{^n to the Kentucky border will converge upon Purdue Fieldhouse today at 10 a. m. in what should be the top in tournaments for Indiana archery enthusiasts. In recent days the sports emoprium on the north end of the campus has been the scene of many diversified sporting activities. In fact, everything froni a football clinic, with its display of nationally adveritsed equipment, to the golf clinic, with a bevy of established tournament professionals who gracioiisly provided free instructions to those interested, held their meeting in the Fieldhouse. Five Classes H. Shields, of Indianapolis, is the ^secretary and arranger of the tournament. He said that there will be five classes, representing both sexes in the coveted championships. They are as follows: senior men, senior women, intermediates, junior boys, and junior girls. Probably the outstanding competitor slated to appear is Virgil Healey, of South Bend, a truly talented marksman. Healey made a record-breaking perfect score of 96 hits at iihe 60 foot indoor target range. In so doing, he captured the senior banner in last year’s tournament held at Indianapolis. He will be placed in the somewhat uncomfortable position of defending champion. Fieldhouse Is Range The Fieldhouse has been transformed into an archery range with a huge target suspended from the
Best Mark Carrying highest hopes of Goldl and Black fans into the competition will be Ed Holderman, outstanding distance runner, whose 4:13.2 mile in the Michigan A~A.U. meet is the best mark made by a collegiate runner this year. Seeking to repeat his victories in the distance events, Ed should bring plenty of points home. Cliff Edwards, who has been clearing 13 feet in the pole vault, should drop over the bar to add points to the Riveter score. Captain “Red” Shackleton will he out to break the 50.7 quarter mile record vMch he set on the sloppy track last year^ likewise, Forrest Weber wiU be out to better his 47 foot 6^ inch shot put, which was good enough to shatter the meet record by three feet a year ago. Rankin In Hurdles Others who should do well in the competition are Rankin in the hurdles, Vollmer in the javelin, and Tycocki in the broad jnmp. Joorfetz, Denzler, A. Ganlke, Anderson, Campb^, Lovett, Bachman. Suto, Keim, Simmons, Anthony, Wente, Jarvis, W. Ganlke, Reeves, McLaughlin, J. White, Stroyeck, and Fjsher complete the squad seeking to start a string of victories which will bring Purdue into its own on the cinder path.
Only 20 years old, Mariana Scptt is the University of Cincinnati’s youngest candidate for a Ph. D. degree.
rafters and the tipper tier of bleachers. The target is impressive in its ipunensity and its multi-colored design. An Ainericqu rouqd exhibition will he conducted, using the regulation outdoor distances of forty, fifty, and sixty yards, plus the usual short range.
“LET’S DANCE”
For This romantic mood, ”The Fashiof^’ believes you’ll want FORMALS with 0 dramatic tendency for the JUNIOR PROM 12.95 16.95 and up.
Sheer delights in net, marqusette, teel, organ2y, dotted s 'wiss, laces, spring and summer’s brightest fashions for gala parties, dances, bfides maids, sweet girl graduates.*■ C-
?4.-
Wfsi
I
ii'* {'V :;4'; 4. ’ ■•''' 4 ■' if 4'!>?;f-v >v < "i '1 /,,,-, 'I ’ , ' ’ > A, >%y^ y '’ , ''
POBDUE ,EXPONENT
l>
Saturday, AprU 13, J^04O
'7.tl
h ^
Wagnerian Preludes Featured In Fourth Music Week Sale Wagner’s famous preludes to “Die Meistersinger” and “Parsifal,” fourth in the ten sets of symphonic masterpieces being distributed in the West Lafayette MusicAppreciation campaign, went on sale this week. These creations of the master, Wagner, have already proved thoroughly popular with several sororities and fraternities on the campus. An interesting feature is that one-third of the total sales, so far, have been to students. Student orders, accompanied by the cost of the records, will be handled at the east Union desk. The records will then be delivered to the Union where they will be available to the purchaser. Outstanding Collection Surpassing all receptions ever given to a new idea in the field of recordings, the albums contain the most outstanding collection of famous symphonies ever to be assembled. These latest recordings have been preceded by Schubert’s “Unfinished Symphony,” Beethoven’s “Fifth Symphony,” and Mozart’s “Fourth Symphony in G Minor.” The foregoing are still available to those who want them. Following the present series of Wagner’s works, the next series will be ready next Wednesday, and it will consist of Bach’s Brandenburg Concertos, numbers two and three. Move Headquarters Success of the record campaign has not been restricted to Lafayette. Orders from admirers of the plan have been received at the local headquarters, as well as personal visits from people who live within several miles of Lafayette. The headquarters for the campaign have just recently been moved to the offices of the Exponent business staff, 312 North Fifth street, Lafayette, where office hours are now 10 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 4 p.m., except Sunday. Glider Club Members Fail In Record Attempt
I
Members of the Glider Club attempted to break the national twoplace glider record during the recent spring vacation, but due to inclement weather the attempt failed. Craig Miller, ME ’41, and Roger Atkinson, ’43, were the two hopeful record shatterers when they took off from Crystal Lake, Mich., on March 29, but were forced down after two hours and 43 minutes aloft. The flight was covered by reporters and photographers, and the plane was equipped vdth several official recording instruments. Thirteen men made the trip to Frankfort, Mich., for the week and gained a great deal of helpful experience in bluff soaring. A number of satisfactory flights were made and the following members soloed: Don Caffee, Dave Hooley, Arvis Hilpert, Craig Miller, Bill Thompson, Jack Scott, Roger Atkinson, Fred Bade, and Edward Manning. National Aeronautical Association observers ppsent granted “C” glider licenses to Jay Craddock, Bill Kane, Fred Sarginson, and Fred Adams.
JojnwVlow 9n, JhiL ^hu/ichiSu Episcopal Students Sunday, April 14, Services at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry
Sts.
No eight o’clock service of Holy Communion. Morning Prayer and sermon by Dr. Louis M. Sears. 7:00 p. m.—Seabury Club meets in Union building. Address by Prof. James H. McKee.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Mrs. McFadden will teach the co-ed class on “The History of the Christian Church.” 9:30 a. m.—Prof. Leevy will teach the men’s student class on “Your Community.” 10:40 a. m.—Dr. O. S. Steele will preach on: “The Faithful Steward.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper at the Foundation. 6:30 p. m.—Epworth League at the church. Panel discussion on “Is Ambition a Christian Virtue?”
^ Purdue Christian Foundation at Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Prof. T. K. Noss teaching on the subject: “A Christian Foreign Policy.” 10:40 a. m.—Church Service. Rev. Doyle Mullen preaching on “Christianity and Color”—sixth in the series of Experiments in Living. 6:00 p. m.—^Forum. Vespers led by George King Recreation led by Alice Robbins '• Discussion led by Professor Cowden on “Successful Living.”
Jock^Q UNDERWEAR The Perfect Foundation For a Smart Appearance
50= . .IaSCULINIZED to fit the male figure everywhere. Patented Y-Front coristruction affords mild support. No bulk, no bind, no buttons. Easy to launder, needs no ironing. Knitted for real comfort. The perfect foundation for a well-dressed appearance! Varied leg lengths, Jockey Contoured Shirts to Match. Why not come in toddy and let us show you this new kind of underwear? Originated and manufactured by »
Up per garment
MIDWAY
Recipe for Popularity! If you want to be the bright and shining star in some special Girl’s favor, see that your personal appearance is beyond reproach. To Safeguard— USE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY Crown Laundry fryilE CtEANEItS OF FINE CtOTJIES
“Spring is in the air (no snow tomorrow),” say the SAE’s, Claude Singer planted the second pin from that house since vacation. The lucky girl is Chi O June Greckel. However, the boys are going to suspend Tommy Peppier. Tom returned from spring vacation with the piece of jewelry that was formerly worn by diminuitive Ching Gray of Baltimore, Md. (paid ad)’. —B & ]^ The Delta are howling for free cigars again. Don’t yon think that Frances Kimmel might be interested by now, Ruppert? —^B & B— Theta Chi’s Jack Kinsey and Art Foltz are seriously considering going 50-50 on a sweetheart pin for Pi Phi pledge Pat (Darling You Can’t Love Two) Lohman. Incidentally the two boys are threatening to get married next summer. Kinsey doesn’t know whom to marry, and who’d marry Foltz. —B & B— Randy Mecredy, another romantic SAE, is creating a mild sensation. Partially asphyxiated pledges are complaining about the loads of perfumed letters that Mac receives from Peg Dowling, Baltimore High School gal. That’s okay, Mac, it’s just “That Certain Age.” —B & B— Bob Bailey and Bud Fischer, stellar Boilermaker battery combination, seem to click twice as well when the right people are cheering for them. Better see that Virginia Schaupp and Marge Bollman are at all the games, Dutch.
But ^ Incidentally^ By Romanoff We usually get a kick out of Kaltenbom, ace news analyst of the air .. . Yesterday he was exceptionally good. His first crack was something about a recent news flash stating that the Gernj^ns were Avithin 10 miles of some Scanffinavian town. Then says Kaltenborh, “This flash is exactly the same as one received two days ago . . .\ which would lead me to believe that the Germans are not making any progress in that vicinity.” We said, “Marvelous, simply marvelous, Watson!”
Der Fuehrer gives us a laugh every once in a while himself . . . Like his declaration to the Norwegians to lay down their arms and let him protect them ... ... and added that if they didn’t let him protect them they would be shot. . . . fine thing! Who’s going to protect Hitler if the Norwegians decide to protect themselves . . . . . . the little man who wasn’t there ? ?
Pur<^ue Exponent B. B. Iiul«r Bdlter4a-CkW W.B. Smith BosittMa IfonaiMT ^ £>! G. Tinio, editorial director; G. W. FrederiA. mUiaffing editor; B. M. Antonini, eenior advertiaing manager; G. Schilling, oo-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phdnes: Editorial 4005; Business 503B; Sports 2792 Entered ia second class matter at the post otfiM in I*ftxjreUXa, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Januarp 20. 1922. Published daily exc^t Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the SppuneT Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, maH subscription $8.60. Bepresented for national advertising by Natkmal Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers R^resentwUves, 420 Madison Ave, Merw York, N. T. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Qchilfree ’ Ass’t. Night Editor, Brophy Day Editor, BnrtsAeld Saturday, April 13, 1940.
FDR had a hard week also ... i After several hours of conference and deliberation he decided that Greenland was a part of the Western Hemisphere . . . And we learned that in grade school . . . We have suspicions that he just wanted to save Greenland for a fishing trip sometime about November 4,
SeoAA. THRILLERS for NATIONAL HARDWARE WEEK
SAVE on Home and Garden Needs!
Built Like a $15 Mowed
^9^^ 14-inch Cut
Vf' ; 4 roMPAMfONl
Sturdy Shrub Bar 10 Inch Tires Closed Wheel
• Precision Ball Bearing • Heavy Bed Knife
• 5 Steel Blades
Tmerica’s finest $9 45 lawn mower, bar none! That’s why this popular “Companion” is a Four Star Feature. Clatter! Sails through toughest grass! ... 4 heavy bracket blade supports. (IS-inch Cut $10.45)
WHEELBARROW
■W
$365
‘ Hi
23c
Strong,
easy-to-
Fulton quality!
handle —
- with a
Sharp, one-piec tempered steel
seamless leakproof tray and braced steel legs!
'off-set blade . . . comfortable handle.
GRASS HOOK POHERY BIRD BATH
$|00
Hard bnrat pottery bird bath and garden ornament in natural light tan. Abont 25 in. tall.
HEDGE SHEARS $^25
Fulton quality. 8 in. size —^wilh forged tool steel blades .... specially hardened edges.
TOOL BOX . T
FLOWER BOX 98c
19 X X 6 inches . . 26-gange steel, with cantilever tray.
Steel box dram in bottom 7 X 8 X 28 inch. Green only.
4-STAR GARDEN HOSE
$310
50 ft. Length
America’s greatest hose “buy” . . . that’s why it’s a Four-Star Value! Guaranteed 4 years! Built to stand over 12 times average city water presnre. Made like an auto tire—^with 3 tough plies . . . thick non-kink reinforcement of husky, tightly-braided cotton cord . . . and sturdy cormgat^ outer cover of ribbed green rubber. All three layers vulcanized under terrific pressure into one.
DEFIANCE POWEN MOWER
$6450
DEFIANCE
$6.00 Down 16.00 a Month {Usual Carrying Charge)
Easier to operate than a hand mower! Raise handle——it starts; lower handle—it stops! That’s MAGIC CONTROL! Sealed-for-life ball bearings; 5 blades; 18-inch cut.
Third and South Sts. Phone 4039
SEARS SELL ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING TOTALING $10 OR MORE ON THE EASY PAYMENT PLAN
^ Free parking lot directly across the street from our
store.
Ik
!r