r“- ,>i
' W '* ^
■•^/4 (' h' Jfi
merry-go-round Lauds Armed Forces Institute Tutor Service
Established 1889
Xfio^fent • Here Comes The Navy
EDITORIAL
Shows How Brasshat*
Treat American Fighters
Volume 56, No. 2
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana^
Saturday, May f, 1943
V-1, V-7 Reservists May Change Schedules
Exponent Issues Callout
Editors Issue Special Appeal Cerltficafes Given
University To Offer
Graduating Seniors Need Not
Register In Navy Program Today
Fo^CoedWorkersOnStaffs To 19 Graduates
Freshmen, sophomores and juniors alike will be given an equal chance to work on any one of the three Exponent staffs when the paper issues its call-out for the Summer semester next Thursday at 4 p. m. at the Exponent office in the sub-base-ment of the Union. Due to the present manpower shortage on the campus, Exponent editors are issuing a spe-
Of War Courses
Intensives Wartime Courses
cial appeal to coeds who are interested in any of the many phases of newspaper work. Bob Boswinkle, Exponent Editor-in-Chief, has stated that the paper will welcome any junior eds or coeds interested in getting extra-cun icular activity experience, especially in the field of advertising, business or journalism, before they leave school. Under the present publication progi’am, the Exponent will be published every Tuesday, Thursday and. Saturday. The various staffs will usually work on Monday, Wednesday and Friday putting out the paper. Experience Unnecessary Previous experience is not necessary to work on the Exponent, and it is called to the attention of prospective workers that many former Exponent editors had never written any newspaper stones before coming to the Uriiveisity. Following Thursday’s call-out meeting, a semi-weekly joiiinalism school will be held to instruct the worker^in the policies and methods of the Exponent.
Hugh C. Wilson To Teach Class In Machinery
Organization meeting for a University War Training class in alternating current circuits and machinery will be held Monday, May 3, at 7:30 p. m , in the conference room on the second floor of the Indiana Public Service Company’s Service and Engineering building, corner of Fourth and Cincinnati Streets. Hugh C. Wilson, resident engineer for the Public Service Company, will teach the class.
This course is designed to train assistants for graduate electrical engineers, including those who are servicing and operating electrical equipment as well as those who are engaged in the generation and distribution of electricity. Any high school graduate now engaged or who wishes to become engaged in an essential industry is eligible for enrollment.
Certificates for completion of three of the University war training courses were awarded last week to 19 Lafayette residents and University students. Motion and time study certificates were given to Frank Simmons, Heibert Clingenpeel, Harry Fink, Raymond Brown, Lucille Pittman, James Snyder, Charles Krecek, Beatrix Vogel, Vonna Orman, Fred Robinson, Jr., Robert Fiost, and Hugh Norris. Dr. Robert W. Field was the instructor. Two courses taught by S. B. Elrod were completed by Ray Cuppy, Gregory Arana, and Joan Korte in the fundamentals of engineering drawing and Harvey Lovegren, Bonnie Boyd, Donald Eckhart, and Morey Troxel m advanced engineering drawing. A new tuition free course in time and motion study was opened last week, sponsored by the University and the U. S. Office of Education for persons now employed in war work, or who are planning on entering a war industry.
Given To Workers
Book Exchasiae
All receipts for books or money must be presented from May 1 to May 12. Book exchange will accept receipts from 2 to 5 p. m., May 1 and from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. on remaining days. —GEE.
Several intensive courses will be offered by the University during the summer months in order to serve the wartime needs of educational workers; These intensive courses are of two and three ijveeks in length, primarily of graduate level and intended for secondary school teachers. They have been organized in flexible manner so as to meet the coming demands of teachers who will be able to devote only' two weeks of the summer to study as well as those who may devote the entire summer to study. All of these courses have been designed ,to benefit persons who have entered the teaching field with emergency certificates, or for those who have new problems created by the wartime changes in high school teaching. Summer session unit courses, with a few exceptions, will fall in the following three week periods: May 10 to May 29, May 31 to June 19, June 21 to July 10, July 12 to July 31, and July 26 to August 13. The work done will be fully accredited by the University and requirements for admission are the same as for the regular term. The courses to be offered include agriculture, home economics education, modern prafctice in home economics education, curriculum reorganization, mental hygiene, physical education seminars, and intensive courses in agriculture, home econoiyiics, biology, English and speech, physics and Spanish.
Acting upon advice received from the Navy and Marine Headquarters, all Navy Reserves in Class V-1 and V-7 and Marine Reserves Class 3, except seniors who will be graduated in August, are given an opportunity to register this morning in special eight week courses which will terminate in time for these reserves to enter the Accrediated College Program scheduled to start about July 1st. The registration will be held in the Executive Building between 9>a. m. — and 12:30 p. m. Classes will start on Monday morning.
All courses offered in the special eight week program will be given on a double time schedule and will cary regular term credits. A load of 9 to 11 hours is recommended. Due to the scattered enrollments in the upper classes, most of the subjects being offered are technical and non technical courses used by the several schools of the
WBAA Will Hold Callout Thursday At Station Studios
WBAA, Indiana’s first broadcasting station, will hold a callout for student annquncers and script writers Thursday, May 6, at 4 p. m., at the station studios in the Hall of Music. Gilbert D. Williams, program director, has announced that there is
AWS Installs New Officers, Committees
Newly-elected officers and com-
an opportunity for both male and mittee chairmen of AWS were in-
University.
A partial list of the offerings scheduled are Chemistry 2, Mathematics 2, 3 and 4, English 31, Physics 21 and 22, Mechanics 21 and 22, Electrical Engineering 19, Economics, Contracts and Specifications, Government 109, World Politics, History, Industrial Management 110, Thermodynamics
female students, from freshmen to stalled for the summer organization 34^ Hydraulics 41, Machine Design
seniors, to do work for WBAA. at the last meeting of the preceding Many former announcers on the semester, which was in the form station, since its origination, have of a dessert party given by Miss gone on to professional radio and Clare Coolidge, dean Of women, and many are broadcastin'g on national Miss Muriel McFarland, "acting as-hook-ups. sistant dean of women. tr- u n*-ii Ti Tirr. A A ikir The officers installed were as folKirby, Miller Former WBAA Men , „ j a x • t, ^
lows: President, Lois Veit; vice
Durward Kirby, former WBAA pi-esident, Jean Thompson; secre-
and Heat Engineering. Other technical courses will be arranged where enough students enroll to qualify the opening of a class. The Navy plans to call all V-1 and V-7 reserves into active duty about July 1st and assign their reserves to the V-12 college program.
man,, announces for the “Breakfast Nelda Byrum Reed; trksurer, “ ^^Pfcted that engineeringatu-
Six Scholarsliips Now Available For
Pharmacy Undergrads
Club” and'sevei’al other programs on NBC. Hank Miller, another from the radio station’s announcers, is broadcasting from OWI stations at an outpost division in Africa. Bill Stewart and Becky Ann Pervine,i recent graduates, are both working on WO WO, Fort Wayne. Miss Pervine is conducting the Home Forum program there.
Faust Now On Mutual
Don Faust is broadcasting over WOL and Mutual from Washington. Bill McCord is working at a Seattle radio station while Del Greenwood, now in the army, did commercial broadcasting over several Illinois stations. All had their
starts over WBAA.
Musical auditions will be held at the station studios about a week after the announcing auditions. Watch the Exponent for further
notice.
Mary Lou Sternburg; junior representative, Martha McCulloch; sophomore representatives, Dottie Doddridge and Patsy Bishop. Committee Chairmen Installed Committee chairmen, who were also installed, were: activities chairman, Mary Jane Doll; constitution committee, Mary Lou Sternberg; defense committee, Nelda Byi-um Reed and Barbara Sanders; election committee, Martha McCulloch; office committee, Judy Jones; orientation committee, Jean Thompson and Barb Curry; publicity committee, Carolyn Wilbur, and vocations committee, Carol Roblee. A town girl representative will be selected and a freshman representative will be elected within a short time.
UNIVERSITY REGISTRATION FOR THE SUMMER OF 1913 'The dullest rcuistration in the University’s history passes without the tearing ol a single head of hair from ohe of the 2500 enrolled students.
Andrew^ Barab To Portray Main
Characters In Claudia' May 27-29
Playshop Picks Summer Dates
Sarah Andrew, who portrayed Rebecca in “Our Town”, will play the leading role of Claudia in the first Playshop production of the summer term. “Claudia” will be presented May 27-29, according to Kenn Carmichael, director of Playshop. Aithur Baiab, who poitrayed Lt. Tonder in “The Moon Is Down,” will take th(> part of Daniel,
Cl pi eductions; Miss Koll played Annie in “The Moon Is Down”; Sykes took the part of Col. Lancei in the same production; Miss Duke was Charlotte in “Susan and God”; and Betty Wedge played Mrs. Keller in “The Male Animal.” Tickets loi “Claudia” arc on sale in Fowler Hall for 75 cents and can be puichased any time between 1:00 and 5:00 p. m. It is also possibki to phone for tickets and pick them up at a later da^e. Season tickets will be sold for 75 cents.
Debris Holds
Callout Monday
Carolyn Wood will appea: as Mis. Brown, Elaine Koll as Bertha, George Sykes as Jeriy, Maiianna Duke as Julia, and Betty Wedg'o as Madame Darushka. Miss Wood has played Mrs. West in “Eve of St. Mark” and held parts in several oth-
Chi Epsilon
. . . civil engineeiing honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: R. S. Bair, W. F. Batman, M. M, Cheney, R. P, Hummel, S. W. McMyler, W. W. Schenler, 11. W. Warren, H. F. Zinsmeister.
Callout for freshmen and sophomoi es on all three Debris staffs, bijkiness, editorial, and photograplw, IS to be held in the Debris wfikshop on the second floor of the Union at 4 p. m. Monday, May 3. The callout is for the Debris, the University yearbook which is published eveiy two semesters. The w 01 kors will work on the edition to bo published in August. All workers coming out now will bo eligible for elections at the end of the summer and keys will be given.
Six new undergraduate scholarships in pharmacy have been offered to the University, according to an announcement made yesterday by Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the school of pharmacy, following acceptance by the Board of Trustees. Five of the scholarships were established by Hook Drugs, Inc., Indianapolis, and the other one by the World’s Products Company, Spencer. Each of them amount to $162.00 per year for five years, totalling $810 each, and will be awarded to high school graduates on the basis of scholastic efficiency, previous record, and financial need. Shows Effort To Meet Shortage At the present time there is a critical shortage of retail and hospital pharmacists, and the establishment of these scholarships shows an additional effort on the part of the pharmaceutical industry to cope with the ever-growing problem. The scholarships were designed to encourage more students t§ enter into the profession of pharmacy, to train them in skilled and technical work, and to stimulate interest in graduate and research studies. According to Dean Jenkins, women have proved to be unusually apt in the pharmaceutical field, and approximately one-fourth of the students enrolled in the pharmacy schools at the present time are women.
WAA To Hold Callout
Colonel Beere Tuesday In Gym
Announces
Promotions
Colonel D. M. Beere, commanding officer, 1546th and 3516th Service units at the University, announces the following promotions. J Technical Sergeant C. C. Tanco to Master Sergeant; Technical Sergeant I. 0. Mounts and Staff Sergeant C. H. Elliott to First Sergeant; Staff Sergeants A. G. Thomet and H. R. Hile, and Sergeant Glenn Dumford to Technical Sergeants; Sergeants Olen Morris, W. J. Dillman, A. C. Fisher, and R. J. Lundy to Staff Sergeants; Techni-
WAA callout for the summer season will be held Tuesday, May 4, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym for both piospective and former mem-
bers.
The various activities in the club will be arranged in different groups about the gym so that members may sign up for any and all sports in which they would like to partici-
pate.
Variety Of Activities Golf, swimming, archeiy, baseball, bicycling, cabin, and tennis are only a few of the sports which will be offered to club members this summer. Activities may be counted towards the participation mono-
gram.
Libby Baughman, summer coordinator of WAA, will be present at
dents will be permitted to continue their present program of study. Students accepted in the V-12 program through the examination given on April 2nd will be called to active duty in the V-12 program and will follow the approved Navy curriculum which is quite similar to the standard college program of study consisting of eight erms, sixteen weeks in length. All subjects included carry college credit.
V-5 Not To Change
V-5 reserves are not expected to transfer to the special programs. Students who have been ordered to report for physical examinatiopujii connection with the V-12 program should not transfer to the special program until they have received official notice that they have been accepted and advised as to whether they are to be ordered to report for active duty on July 1 or Novem-
ber 1.
Although this special eight week program will not speed up graduation, students taking these courses will be able to include more subjects in the standard college program than would be the case if they did not remain at the University.
Union Opens Book Exchange For 13th Time
Opening of the thirteenth Student Union Book Exchange was held last Monday in room 257 of the Union. The Book Exchange runs on a non-profit basis and is operated by the students for all students. Under the system the stu-
cians 4th Grade William Condron this initial meeting to explain the dents are afforded an opportunity
and J. H. Cain and (jorporal R. 1.
Snyder to Sergeant.
Limited Sei’vice men promoted were: Private First Class T. E. Henderson and Private H. B. Spencer to Sergeant; Piivates B. 0. LaGrange and E. H. Narwold to Technicians, 4th Grade; Privates M. M. Holeman and C. L. Strosnider to Corporals; Private First Class R. E. Smith, Privates ^en Rifner and A. 0. Myers to Technicians, 5th Grade; Privates L. W. Kunkel and J. J. Vintila to Privates First Class.
purpose of the club and the goals of this semester.
Mahn To Play At May Day Mixer Tonight
Sophomore Loses Pants
Dr. Henry B. Hass
Pete Georgeson, a sophomore at
the University, reported his wallet with 40 dollars in if stolen as he slept. Pete, a Theta Chi pledge, says the trousers were hung up over the back of a chair when he went to bed up in the dorm. When he came down in the morning trousers, wallet, and all were gone. It was reported to the police, but up to noW there has been no actiop on the case,
. . . head of the department of chemistry, left for three weeks to speak in educational institutions throughout the western half of the United States for the American
Tonight a fi’eshman mixer will be held in both ballrooms of the Union from 8.30 to 11:30 at which Maui’y Mahn, who has been contracted for a weekly mixer throughout the summer, will play. A special invitation is extended to all incoming freshmen to attend the mixer as it will fui-nish a good opportunity for new students to become acquainted with the coeds of the University. Due to transportation difficulties,
whereby they can exchange the books which they used the last semester for books which they will need in their present courses, or enable them to obtain other books at a minimum cost. Books may be left with the Exchange in rooms 257 and 230 of the Union Building from 10:00 A. M. to 5:00 P. M. any week day, A receipt will be given; the books Will be sold at 75 per cent of their previous cost and the original owner may collect the entire amount paid as soon as the books are sold. The Exchange began sales yesterday and will be open for business until May 12.
Prof. H. A. Bolz
Associate Professor of Ma-
Maury Mahn has been contracted
Chemical Society. Included on his for the entire sumijner. Mixers have chine Design in the Mechanical and itinerary aie state universities or been one of the social functions of Aeronautical Engineering schools, other institutions in Minnesota, the University for 31 years, but this represented the Central Indiana South Dakota, Washington, Oregon, is the first time that a series of Section of the A. S. M. E. as vi^e-
mixers will be given during the chairman, while Professors C. W. summer. Beese and M. E. Mundel of the GenPlans are being made for future eral Engineering Depairtaient, |?remixers for which several new ideas sented papers at the managetnent
will be inaugurated. session.
California, Utah, Colorado, Iowa, and Illinois. He is discussing the research work done in the University on nitrifical^n of hydrocar-
bons.Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Sdturddy, May 1, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
HenomrF Editor Honorary Editor Honorary BiHiness Manacer With the Colors
William G. Hoskins
Dale B. Butz
Gerhard H. Kloumnn
Editor. Bpainess Manajrer News Editor htana/gijtw Editor AdverlisTtitr ManaRer Sports Editor Coed Editor
Robert W. Boswinkle James G. Petty Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dawson Jean l.auer
Publication Staff
Editori&l Staft
Assddatd'EBitars: H. B, Abbett, C. C. Martindoll, E. F. Murphy, W-'II. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. 3. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madolyn Grotnos, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M l-ipes, R. J Smith, C. E Sowards, S. A. Watson.
Business Staff
Assistant Adyertislne Manager: C. L. Gaunt. t,ayout Director: J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Editor-in-ChieJ
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squler
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Vermilion Issue Editor: Ward Day Editor: Howes Sports Editor: Upes Reportert: Helfirich, Erb, Baynes, Georgeson, Steffes.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, lol", and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3. 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year Delivered locally by earner for $1.2.> for a semester; by mail for $1.90 for a semester. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Yoik, N. V.
AFI Successful Not much has been said about the United States venture into the school business. We’d like to say a few things. We’re referring, of course, to the government’s Armed Forces Institute. It hasn’t been reported that a soldier, sailor, or marine enrolled in the Institute has tried to do or die for AFI, they are doing that regularly for the country in the line of duty. It is during the off hours, the hours that service men usually spend in the engi’ossing pastime of doing nothing, th; t the AFI comes into the picture. Assigmnents received by mail are studied, worked out and returned to the college or university the student has signed up with. College correspondence courses originate from'77 of the leading colleges and universities of the country, of which, unfortunately, Purdue is not one. With a list of 600 courses to choose from, men may choose such subjects as steam engines, biology, accounting, heating and ventilating, journalism, and aeronautics to help make their future in the expected upside down world after the war more secure. Basic idea behind the educational program is that a man’s education should not stop with his entry into,the armed forces. Proof that the idea is working is the volume of mail received by the AFI. Typical comments from studejits _explain: “Sorry I’m late with my lesson. I’ve been in action the last few days.” Stud|e,nts are widely spread as Iceland, Australia and North Africa. I^f^iriaation concerning the Armed Forces Inst^hte'may be obtained in the War Information Conter of the University Library. It, seems that this is an opportunity for those who have dreamed about touring the world and studying at the same time, even though the AFI tutors are several thousand miles from the .students.—r.w.b.
John D. Lynch, Jr.
. . . graduate of the University, has just received his commission as Second Lieutenant in the Army Air Force after completing his training covering all duties of a bombardier at Big Springs Bombardier Ti’iangle .School,
John R. Worl
. . . former University student, has been commissioned Second Lieutenant in the Marine Corps. He has just graduated from the Naval Aii' School at Corpus Chrislj, Texas.
jaefe M. Sheetz . . . gi-aduate of the University, has been promoted from thc^ ran'' of First Lieutenant to Captain in the Air Force. Captain Sheetz is attachetl to an air depot group at. TiiiK^ !' < i i, obia. • Keith G. Felix ... ’42 University graduated, who was called to active duty in the Marine Corps, has been graduated a Second Lieutenant from the Officer Candidate School at Quantico, Va. George M. Walter . . . University graduate, has just completed his bombardier training at the Army’s San Angelo Bombardier Tfiangle School, He has been commissioned a Second Lieutenant.
mmw Xm Ref U S Pel Off MERRY-CO-ROUHD • y DREW PEAR^OM ^ Commissioning Of Anti-Franco Vet Halted; Winant Believes \n Non-Hatred In Fighting Enei WASHINGTON—Here are more illustrations of how the brasshats in the U. S.' Army are treating^ American boys who went to fight for a Republican government in Spain against Dictator Franco and his supporters, Mussolini and Hitler. The German and Italian armies used the Spanish civil war as a testing ground for modern warfare; but the U. S. army has relegated Americans who fought in Spain largely to work battalions. Milton Wolff was a major in command of a battalion of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade in the Ebro offensive. Later he enlisted in the U. S. Army, was sent to officers’ training camp at Ft. Benning, Ga. There regimental commander Col. Thomas R. Gibson treated Wolff cordially and a story of his Spanish experiences was written up in the camp newspaper. His qualifications Were rated “excellent.” He qualified on map reading, compass work, night problems. • Queried Abou^ Spain “Then,” says Wolff, “suddenly the axe fell. It was certainly not routine procedure for flunking men out. I was supposed to see a Regimental Board, which is routine; but after hanging arotind all day, I was called in to see a colonel. He asked me about Spain, the labor movement, Brookwood School—straight stuff. I gave him straight answers. “Knowing something- was funny I went in to see my company commander and asked him what the score was. He said he didn’t know. Subsequently my battalion commander, regimental commander, and the Infantry School commander told me the same thing. “This was about a week and a half before graduation. The last of the men to be flunked out had already left. I completed the course, which ended four days before graduation. The last few days ave used for signing final forms, uniforms, graduation leheavsals. “Then I know something phoney was going to happen. I signed none of the final forms. Again I went up the chain of command and got the same replies. They didn’t know. “Finally I was shipped to Ft. McClellan, Ala., and was assigned to the Medics (Medical Corps). I will probably be here for the duration, despite the fact that a War Department order says that only IB men would fill these services.” Meanwhile, War and Navy Departments desk jobs in Washington are crowded with blue-bloods from the Social Register who never saw a rifle, but had no trouble getting cellophane commissions—you can see through them but they protect from the draft. • Mrs. Roosevelt^s Pup Here is one of Mrs. Roosevelt’s stories which she tells on herself. In London it is customary for the English police to give a “code” name of pseudonym to every distinguished visitor which can be used by radio police cars, without the Nazis picking up the name from the ether waves and knowing who is in London. So when Mrs. Roosevelt arrived, Scotland Yard suggested that she adopt a code name, since her presence in London was still a secret. With typical Rooseveltian humor she chose the code name “Rover.” One of the first things Mrs. Roosevelt wanted was to visit her son Elliott. So she started to his office in an Army car, equipped with a two-way radio. While driving there, the ear’s radio informed the First Lady that Elliott, not knowing of her arrival, had left his office. Mrs. Roosevelt didn’t know where to find him. Finally she suggested that a message be broadcast by radio from the car that she was looking for Elliott. However, to use the name “Elliott Roosevelt” on the radio would immediately tip off the Nazis regarding his whereabouts, would also give a hint that she was in London. So Mrs. Roosevelt proposed a code message. “Let’s broadcast thi.s,” she said. “ ‘Rover has lost her pup’.” • No Sympathy For Silver Secretary Morgenthau gave no encouragement to the silver bloc in discussing his post-war plan for stabilizing world currency through a five billion dollar stabilization fund. When discussing this wbikl stabilization plan with members of the House Foreign Affairs and Coinage committees, Morgenthau was asked: “H^Ye you given any consideration to using silver a.s a ^-tial reserve for the five billion dollar fund?” “We have given silver all the consideration it is entitled to,” replied the Secretary of the Treasury with crisp emphasis. “However, we decided aaginst it for reasons too generally known to be repeated here. Silver is a subsidiary metal and it would greatly complicate our plans to use it in addition to gold.” • Red-Baiters Alexis Leger, one-time liberal French Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, now a refugee in Wa.shington, has been lecturing U. S. diplomats regarding the menace of Russia after the war. At a recent dinner, Leger gave such a forceful warning that Russia would dominate Europe after the war, that one red-worried U. S. diplomat went back to the State Department and wrote an inter-office memo to his colleagues cautioning against an overwhelming Russian victory. Author of these sermons which tend to divide the United Stales from one of its chief allies is on Uncle Sam’s payroll. Leger was given a job in the Library of Congress shortly after he fled here from France. • Eye For An Eye John G. Winant, U. S. Amba.ssador to Great Britain, thinks we can fight this war without hating the enemy. In fact, he thinks we can fight it better without hating the enemy. Winant is impressed by the fact that the British tried a “hate campaign,” then abandoned it. One of Ihe voices expressing strongest opposition to the campaign was the commanding general of the British forces in England, Gen. Bernard C. T. Paget. Winant believes—together with the recent Archbi.shop of Canterbury, Dr. Cosmo Lang, who made this point in a public address—that there is a clear difference between revenge and retribution. One is an act of reluming evil foi evil, the other is punishment for evil. Accoi ding to the view, a man can be a better soldier if he has an exalted notion of his cause, rather than a mere hatred of the enemy. (Copyiight, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbett By 10 o’clock this morning every one in the United States will know whether John L. Lewis or President Roosevelt has won in the soft coal miners’ dispute. The action that is likely to take place is the President’s calling out federal troops to Lo'rce the miners back to work. If the President fails to oi’der lut the troops he has conceded” that he fears Lewis more than his smooth exterior shows; and if such is true, the Presi- countries. By a simple matter of dent will have a much tougher arithmetic this can be proved false. time ih the future in his deal- one army on . , ^ , p, , 1. active duty along the northern Tuings with any sort of labor dis- njgian front and one army .strung pute. Lewis has attempted to along the cosat of French Algiers destroy the President’s faith in and Spanish Morocco. There are allabor, and while doing so has made so troops in Egypt and Iran. And the majority of the country mad at General MacArthur has at least 60,him. What, it could be asked, is 000 American fighting men under
Lewis trying to destroy all that labor has gained through its greatest suppoi’ter. President Roosevelt. X-X-X The United States News, in this week’s issue, stated that the United States has sent only 60,000 combat troops to the war zones in foreign
University Trains Uncle Sam's Hen For War Effort Ily^ Ralph Hammel More men are coming to the University every day under the army specialized training program to take training which will make them better equipped, when they return to active duty. A large section of Cary Hall is being used to house these men. 'The soldiers are from all units and divisions of the army. All of these men have had at least two years of college and many have degrees. To qualify for this program the men had to take tests in mathematics and science. Glad To Be Here They are all very glad to bo here in school and think the University is better than the majority of the colleges in the country. Much to the surprise of many of the students, the soldiers think the coeds on the campus ai’e extremely nice, but it has to be remembered that most of the soldiers are away from army camps for the first time in many months. All of the activities on the campus are open to thqse trainees, but as they are allowed out only one night a week it is impossible for them to participate in many of them. Plans are being made to allow them to take part in intramural athletics this summer in competition with fraternity teams. The soldiers’ day on the campus is a very active one. Besides their studies, several hours a day are devoted to drilling and physical training. Their courses are ent^ly technical subjects in mathematics and science. At seven p. m. all the boys have to go to their rooms and study. They study from seven until lights out is sounded at ten. It is not known how long they will be at the University, but they hope the time will be as long as possible foi' they like it here very well.
his command. Where did the U. S. News get this exclusive bit of news ? X-X-X Assdeiated Press members have been learning more and more about the complicated workings of their organization. The bearer of these interesting facts is the Department of Justice, who is atlenmpting to bring the AP “to justice” for having a monopoly on news. This digging up of facts seems to be the only worthwhile thing the Dept, of Justice has brought out of its investigation to date. X-X-X 'I’lie National Moslom League of India has flatly come out againsL the Ghandi proposal for independence of India if the Hindus are to have control of the government. The British authorities in India have long realized that there is little friendly feeling between the two leading parties, and that if independence were granted, the world would witness one of the worst killing campaigns in history. This realiaztion seems to be lacking in the American comprehension of India’s problem.
dn, JPuL QhuhehsA.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Chauncey and Columbia Rev. J. B. Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students 9:30 a. m.—Class for students in Roger Williams Foundation room. 10:36 a. m. — Morning Worship and Communion with sermon by the Pastor, “Keeping Spiritually Fit.” Music by the choir directed by Irah Gruer Price, organist will be Mai’y Louise Reppart. 6:30 p. m.—Get-acquainted party, supper and meeting for freshman and Jewish students. The upperclassmen will lead the meetirtg; Members of the armed forces and cadettes are also especially invited.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program Moi’ning in the Lafayette Church building, Sixth and North Streets. 9:30—Student Class. This morning we begin a new series on questions of Christian faith and theology. Here’s your oppoitunity to think through such questions as “Is There a God?”, “What Are Heaven and Hell Like?”, “Why Is There Evil in a World Cieated by a God
o'f Love ? ” Come and' bring yotu* friends. Soldiers pnd sailors welcome. 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon, beginning a new series dealing with the social aspects of the Christian gospel. Communion is open to all who care to partake. Evening in the Foundation House, 131 S. Grant, (half block from the Union building). 5:16—Fellowship Supper. Please be sure to sign up at Student Class, or call 4393 by 4 p. m. for reserva-. tion. 5:45—Out - of - doors recreatjion, weather permitting to begin our Forum program. Following recreation, a panel of three students will lead out in a discussion on the theological topic of the morning. Forum program closes with a candle-light vespers. Dismissal promptly at 7:30. It’s your chance to speak your mind and to learn from others, so bring your friends. Soldiers and sailors welcome.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAYSPECIAL! Buck Jones in His Last Picture
LUMA
SUNDAY - MONDAY
MIDNSTE PREVUE TONSTE M :I5 P. M
A FIRST RUN SHOCKER!
Mosf Fearful Monster That Every Stalked the Screen!
®MiWI
Super-Sfouths Qo Sadde^SlIty, IN A HORSEY AND BUGGY DAZE! Their NEWEST and FUNNIEST Joy-Ride!.
|r D/lMOf/f^a/VYO^'S k ^
MOOM
IS
ifllkiiyiNi;
DOWN wilt SIR CEDRIC HARDWICKE HENRY TRAVERS I LEE J. COBB ilORRIS BQWDON MARGARET WYCHERIY | 4 days ~ times today —
Sfarfing Tomorrow SW
¥011116 NKPIffi9 ^ Saturday, May 1, 1943
ffoilermakhr Sports
BOILERMAKERS
MEET ST. jOE
KEW 18 MO^E
Bill Opens Boilermaker Baseball Season
Acacias Win Game With St. Joseph Participation Starts At 2 PM Today
Trophy Battle
Riveter Cinder Squad Enters Five-Way Meet
Coach Herm Phillips left last night with his eight-man track team for Evanston, 111., where he will send them against the Northwestern, Indiana, Chicago, Minnesota, and Wisconsin speedsters this afternoon on the Northwestern track. Running for the Boilermakers in the distance events will be Fred Kinder and Bob Mannfeld. Although Kinder was graduated almost two weeks ago, he is still eligible for competition for the remainder of the season. He expects to compete for the Rivetei s until he is called into the service. Harvey In Dashes In the dashes Phillips will call upon two sophomores, Ben Harvey and Dick Major, to carry the Boilermaker banner. Ben Harvey has displayed a great deal of promise of getting his share of the spoils. He was the Riveter’s chief weapon against the Michigan State Spartans in the meet that the Boilermakers lost just before the last se-
mester ended.
Walt Blum, sophomore high jumper, heads the Riveter entries in the field events. Blum was entered in the Drake Relays last Saturday, but failed to place even though he was able to clear six feet. Blum has made 6 ft. 3 in., and has an excellent chance of taking that event in this afternoon’s meet. A brand new freshman, Ken Blodgett, will be entered in the pole vault. While in high school at Wiley of Teri’o Haute Blodgett was able to'reach 11 ft. 6 in., and Phillips feels that he has the makings of a fine vaulter. Suciu will toss the discus and the shot for the Boilermakers. Dan McVey will round out the squad when he runs the hurdles. Indiana will have two contestants in the meet who will be in the competition under the same conditions as Kinder. Both Harry Price, a quarter-miler, and George Johnson, a high jumper, were graduated last week, and will be giving their last performance for the Hoosiers.
-arrow-
416
MAIN
See
DEWENTERS
416
MAIN
THUMBS UP! on the eating place of town!—The CAFETERIA downstairs in the UNION I^rices are reasonable; the food is tempting and delicious! JJfUL fiju/idusL Tlhimifdai lAmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
At 2 o’clock this afternoon the 1943 Boilermaker baseball season will get under way as the local squad faces the Pumas
^ of St. Joseph in a twin bill. Early commencement and calls Last term the Acacia fraternity , . , , . , i, i . won the participation trophy in one ^0 military service have stripped the Riveter team of all but of the closest battles in a great three major lettermen, blit Dutch Fehring, head baseball coach, many years when they nosed out has been able to round up a strong team to take the field against
Theta Xi by one point, scoring 664 Pumas.
"t.Sling Acacia aad Theta Xi in ‘I®* Pf DutcH Fehfing the race for the tiophy were Pi have not been ISSUed aS ^
yet, schedule cards for the present term will be the only thing necessary for admittance for students. Men in the
GOLF COURSE 0FEMEI9|
The
Ml \
SpoJdA-
(jdapMt
By Joe Dawson
Kappa Alpha with 640 points, A1 pha Gamma Rlio with 636, and Sig
ma Nil with 630 points. Awarded Each Year
Each year the Intramural depait- Army and Navy will be admitted ment awards the trophy to the fia- theii uniform. A fee of 26 cents ternity that has accumulated the -will be charged for other spectators,
most points during the previous two semesters. Points are awarded to
all teams that enter the various contests that are sponsored by the Intramural department. Spoits included on the list of contests are football, basketball, baseball, track, volleyball, steeplecase, cross country race, and several otheis. In ad-
. . . sends his ball club into action against the Puma’s in a double-
The Riveter rostei was reshuffled once inore yesteiday as Bill Burghaidt, veteian shortstop of last year’s squad, and a member of the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps, retuined to school awaiting orders to
report for active duty.
Buighardt, who I'egisteied for
dition to the points awarded for summer term, announced that participating in the even, points are would lemam in school until he added to the team’s total for win- isceived his orders. Coach Fehring iiing each event and for being run- immediately slated him for action ner-up * against St. Joe in his old shortstop
Acacia Wins Two Seconds spot.
In winning the tiophy the Acacia Stram Gets Orders
teams placed second in both the Countering the unexpected return header today, cross country race and the table of Burghardt, who had been counttennis tournament. Paiticipation in ed as lost because of the imminent Sigma Delta Psi activities added 23 ERC call, came the announcement the ERC on May 8. points to the Acacia total. Theta Xi that Hemy Stram, midget sopho- Stram is slated to start in the was second in indoor track, the more halfback on last fall’s grid- centeifield post in today’s game, steeple chase, and volleyball, and non squad and a leading outfield npd he hopes to be able to lemain also added 17 points to their scoie candidate, had received his oiders fm the Wabash game next Tuesday thiough Sigma Delta Psi activities, to leport for duty as a member of and possibly the opening game of — the Michigan series here next Fii-
day. In the meantime. Coach Feh1 ing is scouting the ranks for somebody to take Strain’s place in the
garden.
Misselhorn To Hurl Opener Ed Misselhorn, right-handed hurlei, has been nominated for the mound assignment in the initial game. Irving Claseman will jirobdbly be nominated to do the hulling in the second game. Other pitchm'g possibilities include Jack Kennedy and Ed Timm, membeis of the basketball squad; Geoige Leftwich, of Cincinnati, assigned to the Purdue Naval Tiaining School, and Steiling Keyser, ficshman fiom Ft. Wayne. The catehei’s position is still the biggest'headache for Fehring. All three backstop candidates who were woiking out during the spring term have been lost to the army, and Walter Hesse, erstwhile infielder, has been tentatively diafted to do
his best.
Jim Jennings, of Gaiy, will hold down the fiist base assignment, and Jack Iimshei, a tiansfer fiom Valpaiaiso Univeisity, is at second. Ed Ehlers, high scoiing sophomore guard on the basketball team, Avill be at thud for the Boileimakers. The outfield is headed by Duffy Fiiend, one of the three major letteimen. Fiiend will occupy the left field post along with Stiam in center field and Charles Wiight in right
field.
Batting Order The probable batting order for the initial game today is: Paul Fiiend, If Bill Burghardt, ss Jim Jennings, lb Ed Ehlers, 3b Henry Stram, cf Charles Wright, rf Jack Ii msher, 2b Walter Hesse, c Ed Misselhorn, p Following the twin bill today. Coach Fehring will take the first squad to Ciawfordsville where they will play Wabash next Tuesday. The lemaining squad members will oppose Jefl'ersoii High School hero at home the same afternoon at 4:30. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . social fraternity, has elected the following officers for the. coming year: Ait Chiisty, president; Tom Brower, vice-piesideiit; Les Baumgaitiiei, secretaiy; Conrad Gaunt, treasurei; David Mouison, house manager; Ed Giuis, lush chaiiniah; and Dan McKiinmii, corresponding societal y.
‘Hut you ought to see the smooth job
Arrow does ou shirts!”
One major operation your I’lienils will be glad to see is an Arrow .sbirl enl to llic llliloga ronu-lit pattern and bearing, the Saiil'orized label (I'abrie
shrinkage less than iVc). .$2.21, up.
'Pop it oir with a perfeel-knolting, long-wearing
Arrow tie. ipl and Sl.SO.
ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR <• SPORT SHIRTS * BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ★
► Purdue VS. 81. joe Today This afternoon at 2 Coach Dutch Fehring’s depleted but plenty potent diamond squad will pry the lid off of the 1943 Boilermaker baseball,^season when they meet Joe Dienhart’s St. Joseph outfit in a double header on the Riveter home field. . . . Graduation, the various armed forces jandipteseason injuries have all joined hands in trying to completely wreclc.tKis year’s team, but despite it all, Fehring has put together a scrappy, haydworking ball club which may surprise Iven the Dutch himself. There. will be no charge for either of the games, so if you would like an aft^noon packed full of good collegiate baseball, we would sti'ongly advise seeing these two teams clash this afternoon. ^ Burghardl Back The presence of Bill Burghardt, veteran shortstop, in the starting lineup today will be pleasant surprise to most Riveter fans. . . . Bill has not' as yet received his orders to report for active duty so will continue playing. Bill is one of the many athletes signed up in the ERC. Burghardt should prove mighty valuable in the games today both in the field and with
his batting.
► Ehlers On Third Ed Ehleis, also in the ERC, has not received his orders. Probably thd most experienced player on the team, Ed will bat in the cleanup position this afternoon. While playing with the Lafayette Red Sox last summer, Ehlers was rated as the finest throwing third baseman in the tough Indi-ana-Ohio League. If the army doesn’t step in too soon Ed is slated to be one of the best infielders in the Big Ten this year. ► Stram, Friend, Wright Form Outfield For some unknown leason Hank Stram has received the call before his teammates and will report foi induction May 8. Up until that tipie, ever, the powerful little mite will continue as the regular centerfielder. Rounding out the outfield will be veteran Duffy Friend and Sophomore Charley Wright. Duffy was one of the leading hitters last year and is being counted upon this summer to carry a large portion of attack as the
leadoff man.
^ Misselhorn And CUseman On Mound The two starting hurleis for today's games—Ed Misselhorn and Irv Classman—have both been pitching in mid-season form during the early drills. Misselhorn, a senior letterman, hurled brilliantly in his not too frequent appearances last spring. . . . This could very easily be Ed's big^ j'ear. Classman last year saw very little action, but has shown plenty' of stuff so far this spiing so will bear watching this afternoon. Remember, the first game starts at 2 o'clock.
^uUumX. Can Supply You with
ARROW SHIRTS
New 18-Hole Golf Course Attracts Ever Increasing Patronage From Student Bodjf The University’s sporting new ' '
18-hole golf course, in' its second year of play, has been attracting steadily increasing patronage on the pait of the student body and general public as the weather has
moderated.
The attractive layout, located West and north of Ross-Ade stadium, was formally opened for play on an 18-hole basis on May 30 last year and has been considerably improved since the first season. 6,112 Total Yardage At the present time, with the average set of tee markers, the course is 6,142 yards long, including 3,218 yards for the out nine and 2,924 yards for the in nine. For the purposes of tournament play, the yardage can be increased to 6,426 yards by moving the markers to the back end of the large tees. Both the 18-hole and 9-hole records are held by Boilermaker men. John David, former Riveter star, stroked a 69, two under par, to establish the 18-hole mark last September, while Guy Mackey, Riveter athletic director, scored a 32 on the original nine holes which were open for play in the summer of
1941.
Yardage and par for the course, by holes, follows:
1—346 yards
17— 380 yards pkr 4 18— 354 yards par >4
For the convenience of
and service men, season tickets, good for the entire summer can be purchased at the ticket ofece ill the Fieldhouse for $15.00, whilfe a fall term season tickets Will bb issued later for $10.00. Students not purchasing season tickets will permitted to play upon paymejit of a fee of 35 cents for nine holes'0J|r
50 cents for 18-holes.
University staff members will be enabled to purchase tickets good for the entire season for $26.00, plus tax, and wives of staff members can piirchase a season ticket for'$10.^
additional, plus tax.
The general public will be permitted to use the course upon pay-i ment of a green fee of $1.00 per
day.
Dr. f. R, Marieir . . . head of the foresti-y department, will, speak at the montlily luncheon of the agricultural staff to be held next Monday in the Union. His topic will be “Indiana—Now
and Then.”
WEST LAFAYETTE
2— 410 yards 3— 474 yards 4— 229 yaids 5— .196 yards 6— 169 yards 7— 520 yards 8— 316 yauls 9— 367 yaids 10— 372 yards 11— .555 yauls 12— 110 yauls 13— 508 yards 14— 164 yards 15— 341 yards 16— 341 yards
Par 4 par 4 par 5 par 3 par 4 par 3 par 5 par 4 par 4 par 4 par 4 par 3 par 5 par 3 par 4 par 4
Baseball Schedule May 1—St. Joseph at Purdue— 2 games. May 4—Purdue at WabasJl , May 7 & 8—Michigan at Pur-
due.
May 10—Purdue at St. Joseph May 11—Wabash at Purdue. May 11 & 15—Purdue at Illinois. Ma> 18—Butler at Purdue. May 21 & 22—Purdue at Wiscop-'^
sin.
J line 4 & 3—Indiana at Purdue, June 11 & 12—Purdue at 06ilp Statei
V Si
/
Page S
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, May 1, 1943
Inside Stuff On Colonel Beere PMS&T Of University ROTC
Commandant Follows In Path Of Civil War Grandfather
Specialized Training
Speeded Up For Army
Notices
Union Juniors and Sopohmoros Please report tc rooms 230 and 267 to work on the btucknt Bo )k Lxchanjcc from 10 a m to r r m evtjv wttk day until May 12 GEE
Boys At University
Ex Cary Club Men Who have lived m Carj Hall for foil or moit semesteis an I aiL not ortfani/ed may mnk application for Associate Mcmb rship in Caiv Club tj Jim Bowen Room HO CHS —i^OWFN
Triton Club Imioitunt mectiiiR Tuesday May 4 at i iO p m in the Mejpon^^^m
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licitty
Bt Bill It son Colonel D M Beeie, now piofe=isoi of Military Science and Tactics and Commandant of the 3516th Seivice Unit ROTC and the 1545th SeiMce Unit ASIP at the Unneisity, lules the
COI D M Bn R1 I’rofi'ssor ol Militart Scitntc xnti f ittu^
‘ iNO oLhci ciub, 1 might add, has contiibuted so unstintingly to tlicwai effoit—at this moment the w ile oi e\ eiy mcmbei heie is haid ai w oik m a w ax plant ’
MRS TURP
Armoi's fiom his office on the fust flooi with stiict militaiy discipline and a bluff butfiiendh mannei Diiiing his foul ^eals of seiMce at the Unncxsitj he has seen manj changes in the mih-
tar-v piogiam Taking command beioie the oulbieak of wax m Exixope at a time when this was one ol the outstanding ROTC units, he has seen fust the inciease in the num1 CIS tal 111^ id\ sii (d xihtux tonises the iicici « in \ u in tc in's illo tc 1 10 th ’ll li 11 \ De paiLincit md tl i / li n ol the 4.imj Colic c Ti iinin-, Pio
,,iain
Union Offers
Living on the campus with tho othei tiaining gioups aie appioximately 120 men m the Aimy of the United States taking couises undei the Aimy Specialized liaming Pio giam Stones published in the Exponent levcal the histoiy behind then com mg and also the unceitainty con nected ^with it 500 Jlen OuginUly Expected Ell st announeement ot the plan c line Eebiuaiy 14 when the selec tion of colleges to be used foi the irnij tiaimng ])iogi im was le leisod Ai that tune 500 men weie expected between Maich 1 and May i to tike couises iii enginoeiing Subsciucntb R B Stewait, spe cnl advisoi to the kimj Specialized Tiaimng Piogi im innounccd that two liitcinity house'* and the Ennklin leveling Caiy Halls wou'd be used foi tho housing of tile men aftci tin wo nen s gym \\ lb distal ded foi lack of siiffieient saint 11V facilities It w is Imally decided th it Signi i Phi I psilon fia teimt\ house would bo used by the aim\ 'Viiiicd Much 23 Mondic liuch 7 w is tho d ite oiiginillv ‘'chedulod loi the ii ival of the 500 men hut duo to a change of plaiia the solcliei'* wcio not sent until M uci 2 at which time ERC students in the idv meed ROIC mits wcie sent to Indiinipohs lot induction into the um-v y hile on the eimpus the 120 now piesont le liking twelve weel couises in the vaiioiis engineering ciniiculi otteied by the Univeisitv Those selected no college men who liaxc pissed ceitain scieemng tests given bv the aimv duiine then fust indoctiin ition peiiod of El weeks
student Senate Ihcu wi be a Seni i Board mectmi Monday May d at 1 p m in the Scnatl Office a_THOMAS
Maehmc Design 11 65 66 Make up exams foi icmoval of condition will be given on Satuidas May 8 at 1 p in in room 301 Notify me of your intention to lake which tcbt prior to Saturday —AULT
Student Senate Ihero will Be a nuctiiis, ot the new Student Sti ate Wednosdaj May 5 at 7 10 in the Senate Oliice THOMAS
Tau Bela Pi Important business mod ing ruGsday May 4 in Ro m 3 of tho Union at In CommiU es for baniiuct h sure to be piosent Must get cn the ball Must hiul out how many active arc back this sem stci SLDDON
Classified Ads
Secretaries of Ilonoraiics and Orffaniza tions I lease 1 nnt yt in copy lor >our pui, in the Debris t the Debris Woikyhop immi Intcly If >01 hnv i t been ontact I ibiut >0 i c ly 1 1 ast c ill t tho Debris olTic U one —RiiNTSCH
Typewriters Adding: maenmes all makes Bold rented repaired and purchabcd Miitteofcrapli work done C J Ebershofl 60&Main,
Laf lyettc Phone 2 79
All Shidcnls Cilw till nits f r T Wv ^hop t \t pioduction Cloudia will be 111 i sUi H 11 n 1 ic d y M y 4 11} m AnvDie intcicstt.i in woiki u 1 1 u I 1 1 lUtts lii,htin}^ n k } c St m c 1} r tl y Cl u I met u I AU\B
Money to Loan On diamonda watches, puns hiFJ?age typewnters Alberts Lo^n OfTice 40( Columbia
anted—Studci ts to deliver Purdue Exponent Arplv Exponent office or call R G ba iLin an 5 r4
S( V Board M Im^, lucsdav M n 1 it 90 1 m in th Uni n —LOCKIIAUr
SK dents to set pins in Biwling Alleys, nftcin on i evenirRs Inquire Bowling Vll \ Mcinoiiul Um in Bla^ Call i006
Tau Epsilon Phi
Lost—ShealTei s pen with name inacribecl Bliel SI 1 t! r stuped with wile gild hand 1 1 c it No p oket clip Reward Rich 11 1 J M igan Phone 235’’
socitI fiiteinitv unnountes tho election ot the tolloi im ofhcoi s Sheldon BC115 eliincelloi Aithui Shcipiio vice eh incelloi, 7 icl Lad mm seiihe and Hoi belt Editein bins 11
I Got—C 11 iinj; \Mlh ruby setting and iicLiic ai 1 T M 1)11 Ownoi offeis lef i 1 M uu g rs ofTic ISIcmoiial Union
Found—H gh cl 1 class ring in rest 1 n ul Un Bi il In ,, W od Hall Room 2 3)
Chaunco) Ilousi 21) bouth Chauncty \ Ic m uilicant foi mombtiship Phono ( 18- i tc \ cw
Saw SerMce In Philippines Colonel Beei e tollow mg tho i eeoi d set ms i mdi iihei who was i Lt Colonel n tn Ci\ 1 M ii \ ent to tVest Point Militiii Ac idemt glad latin., in 1901 and then saw seivice will the tiooj) m both the continental United Stites ind m the Philippines M hile in the Philip pines he engaget in i militiiy sui vej- of ihe Isl mds attci which he 1 etui ned to this eounti \ md w as an m^tiuctoi in matliem lilts at West Pont tiom 191o to 1916
With the com n„ ol the W^oild W ai he was a Fiist I^ieutenant and seiving on the Mexican hoidei He SCI ved it the fust Platt buig Ciinp t.nd then oiciscas in the Maibache sectoi cid in the “st Mihicl md Meuse Aigonne olfensitts with the k leld Ai tilici ot tl e S2nd Di\ isioi
Many
Dr. H. H, kemmers
Patb\ Campbell has the lole ol Ethel in Joe and Ethel Turp whose domestic adventiucs aie di imatized on CBS They le based on Damon Runjon s i sinous ch> icteis
Vwardeu') S C 1 or Heroism
Ten Commandments
I Ol his sci\Kc on the eontment lie t as aw aided the Vicroii Med il with lIiicg bionzc sills the Distin guished Sell Ite Cio^s loi cxtiaoi dmaij heioism in itlioi nc a I u/ inti r lante md a tl c end ol the wai he had i cached the i mk oi Coloi “1
Altci me w 1 'le 1C cited to t! o giade ot Capicin i 1 then t u„lil it vaiiou'- aim\ choil JIc il o it tended tie ( c mm aid m ! Geiiti il Stall School it I i It i em\ ith md ho Ainn W i ( !!(,.( ji in whitn he (laduatcd ii ' 2^ Si ic^ then he had held \ mu I ill ] osilions betoie he \ c i] ]k i ted IMS 4L r at 1/ c I 1 i\ t it\ 11^
fod i\ ) e h( a i t \ n\ Sj c cialized j 1 an I-* i w 111 as the ROll il i i Ji ml ii d stiaigl tlon id e jiimaiidci who pciloi nil. In li w 1 h 1 ) i ihil uj and ji i ee
Lt. K. D. Baughman
1 C 1 O') ill I nivtisiU Li i lition 1 ul nd 1 c; ul itio i ( et icqii uiitul with is m m\ (1 the 1 icult\ m 1 static i Is i ou e ( n IS JIGS il le \lw IS itmtnilici [hit the I iiuei it\ is 111 Igcd h\ tlu eonduet < t un Cl gi i 111 it 4 RciiKinl Cl tliat J iiluic ol my Stl It it t shew 11 opt iCSllLCt loi ,, ( 1 Ol Iti 1101 hit int .,iit\ and tlitiig'it ol othei will I tie iitltd I in c c 1 t i < i > t \tl ion I 1 the I 1 i\ ( I t\ I li t i It vt li it 1 si 1 1 II t t n i it t 10 I 111 \ ) 1 h (1 tic tci i < \\ \ Ul I h It 'll I I in IL I I I 1 ( t I th ' l c lew tt 1 I t 1 \ t 1 I \ li I t 1 tl c I 11 U ' 1 ' IK I \ Ul I I '1 I
ill ( 11 1 oil t 11 'l! d( '1 r 1 1 511 IK 1 11 11 J Inc e 1 11] % t tt 1 Le (1 (lit itit 1 1 1 OVL 1 il sell to 1 e I lothr 1 1 me s S (u i t klo^L of the (tivi It 'i i\ Micii oi litts \ il a the L 11 1 L ol t L L ) 1 in hi' ling J nt Ai t tiul) h IS 1 ofiitos in the Mil) 1)1 nieiit ol tlic 1 iiion 1 Im t ant i tiub dnl looms it It situ lUci in the sub bisenient In the noith u! b <'tnit u lit the woi! shejs (1 the \tioniodtkis md the ( licici tlub I () 1 Oi ( I p 1 \tt \ dies 1 h I 1 K 1 It 1 oni oi mo I (I tilt LulcnL 11 litilioii'^ In the sub bistnicni me I •wpontiil i d all until the w u 11 tc 1 mil i o combined \ dh liic Indipoiulent 1 s its cojiv d s! milt till u tl Old le 11 i tl 1 I 11 On I 1 thud fiooi lesde liic Dell IS I t cimpu \eii 1 ool woi' shep a 1 1 usines elite It d il icon ue m the sub b i cl ir> t 1 he 1 ngi leei 1 montlilv in If, i/in Joi eim i tci 11,, stl till h it olFit on tno th 1 1 n (I I I 1 ( 1 i li d i loo! \, tn it t (In 11C 1 h 1 1 fl c 1C the c (Tices c • the Stu lent Uiiio i me tctivitic Pile i Stu lent Sen tc m 1 I i itei it\ \ tl I (Mticc 1 Stu 1< I t 11 I 1 1 t( nil cl cl ( tit iinm i 111 pi ojoct s] c n 1 hv th I n on J he /'cl \iLics Hi l i cocidi II testhe ittniLcs ( 1 c i Is t ich stu lent s iiaticipitcn n them I he Stu Ic it ^ ''ll lit 1 LIk til lent go\t mil,, holy ot the c mmiis Ihc Eiitcinitics '(Ills Ollie oigm /cs In c 111 ltd niti co npctilii i 1 \e! J Saluid i\ \ Mixii J veiy 1 iidiv oi Sitiiidiy night tic I moil s])onsois i mixci J he 5li\(is a inloim 1 ml cvcitonc I invite I 1 he lie cl 11 c ]) o the \ nous d uiccs at m i 1\ the Sludont Union Most cl the luge
Cl 1] IS lie held m the ( 1 t nion I) 111 onis 1 1 tl e u n lie uth ciilcit ui n cii s is ijowiin i 1 hill i ds The L 1101 niuiiLins i i lusic loom ii \ h 11 1 ( 1 )\ c in iv 1 ten to ICC 1 1 f\ I! I- oom ( f I ool s id n i„ /inc'* i g 11C loom il wlich to pin clic'-s died is o cu Is Atlci c ich coinocitioi the I nion usu illy spoil ois i leception Joi the guest st a
left foi W^’ishiiigton D C foi 1 confeienco ot tic Regional Daectoi s of the Qii ilih mg Test foi Civili m Ai n> md N ivv College liainmg Pio,,nm Di Reinmcis is Daectoi ol Region A which m eludes Illinois Inch mi md Ken tud \
Biutallj beaten this stilwart Noiwegian can still look his countryman in the eie—lih he his kept laith Ihe tension is elecliie in this taut Scene fioni ihe Moon Is Down the eiiun "lie un del piece 20th Centuij I ox h o fishioned Iioni John bteinbeek s gicit novel due tomorrow at (he lafavetle Ihealic Heni} liaveis piiliavs the sjmpathetic, eouras eous Mivor (lelt) while William Post ("les all the Nazis can ; 1 t hin him m the beliet that even under the heel of the conqueror, his eountiv will iitiei he crushed Nunnillj Johnson wiote the screen play md piodueed lie pietire
Piacemejit Notes For Wor/jers
Vt 11 It PcTiiim Coni)) an E a' delimi i Pi 1 i opei in s lo suiiimei woik 11 chcnastiy kin il Intel estodph i o ^,9 ^5 it c i ce
(i 1 ‘''co I in 1 u 1 0 S jOO (1 SIOPO e loi a ) to worn mute til n oil 01 he 1 in istei (k tc ndwho Icc hei field oil m the C 111 Stout olTte Anyone in '( 1 C 1 1 )U (' c ill PI Kci put 11 \ It 1 \v o lit 1 29 5 it Ol t I 1 lei 11 iti n md d * i'
Phi Delta Kappa
he n 71 a \ ( hit uu i il 11 it n l\ ehcL 1 the iollowju odieoi it tl t nil 111 ) Ul L n tclin cl the loeil tniptci J)i 1 Roy Itivv ol lilt I due iL m m 1 V’liilie I I s chol ogv tk 1 1 11 1 L 1 11 SI Ici t M S Dam ill u) 111 ( n lent ol school ( 1 1 Old die vice pic idtnt 1 V /ig pi me ID il ot llu N )l)l town shill sthc ol 111 r iss county seen t a v I W Ilk I I ool p 1 K ip il oi 5Ioi t n seliool iii West I 1 i et e lieisuiei Di iv K Ivcm ol L v I' live 1 SUV hi Loi i 1
Buy War Bonds
I i\ 1 1 ( and lo n Cl 1 1 \ (I 1 \ i i 1 been le^oit 1 i ii since Aju 1 I I \ l < ) t merit Jh \ c | loi valoi 1 1 1 1 1 I
hou /■ /. Soli
Bauj la I 1 ( it i 1 I COips 111 (if t( I ( Ml 1 (oinnubbioiK 111 1 I 1 11 July 1942 Jit w 1 iw I I Ik uten mf* b a i iict ci 1
He atUil k I till I I \ t two y< ai s in 1 \ 1 ill i t duty hefoie i< till 1 1 j 1 i hi )ui yea? Ho HIved Hue loi th i Noith Atiiea he Ion I ting ti ms loired to the Kuiojieaii wai llitatei
I I 1 11 i < ' I t I I V( I it li ' It I tl I 11 l< D 1 1 i I \ 1 1 il dll 1 hill the \| 1 il I II I I ni t 1 I ; 1 1 I ' 11 I it )l oi I 11 1 \ ll 111 tl 1 t I ( I I \ I tl I 1(1) d 1 I It (11 lu les til a til s nieth I 1 illitu iill\ i(( Ul tie Joi eiigi 1 < (III g (k I) n
• It looks just like it always did—that Greyhound you see loading up at the teimmal in your town—but it’s bound on a “military mission”, just as surely as if it were rolling in a convoy down a mountain road m Tunisia.
Tools of war have to be built before battles are won—and workers have to be transported to the war plants that are supplying our growing armies That’s a big part of Greyhound’s wartime duties — getting workers to work, often many miles from then homes.
Then, there are soldiers to carry to and from training camps or other military centers—on duty and on leave And there are many others whose travel is essential to full war effort.
If on some occasion Greyhound service isn’t quite as convenient or comfortable as m the past, please remember that the war effort comes first—that the job of whipping the Axis has to be done at home as well as abroad With Victoiy will come finer seivice than ever.
! a \hl/<)(i (I ) md I o i ( oslello IJnivtisals champion eomediins aie tailed in Damon Rimjons It Ain’t llaj ’ Now plajing at the Mils Ihealie i
UNION BUS STATION
5th and Ferry Sts.
Phone: 2015
REYHOUND
V V-