4 ■1'^ ^
Qiht Purdue T£x|j0nextt
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MAY 29, 1937
NUMBER IM
4-H Round-Up Expected To Draw 1500 For 3 Day Session According oto a statement made last night by H. F. Ainsworth, assistant state 4-H Club leader, 1,500 boys and girls are expected to attend the nineteenth ,annual University 4-H Round-Up to be held here June 16, 17, and 18. A varied program has been planned for the three day session which is being held to acquaint farm boys and girls all through the state with the advantages in the field of agriculture. Official opening of the Round-up will begin Wednesday, June 16 at 8 a. m., with registration in the Memorial Union Building. The highlights of the Wednesday program include the health examinations, the corn judging, the poultry and egg judging, the beef cattle judging, horse judging, and the tree and shr'ub identification contest. Thursday’s Program Thursday’s program calls for an open swim, the baking judging, the sheep judging, a continuation of the corn judging, the canning judging, the clothing judging, and the Purdue Livestock Revue in the evening. Friday’s session, which will include an inspection of the new Tippecanoe county 4-H buildings, talks by Dean Dorothy Stratton, and Prof. Leila Gaddis of the home economics department, will climax the three-day round-up with a 4-H club party from 10 to 11:30 p. m. in the Union Building. In connection with the round-up the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity is sponsoring a leadership contest to determine the three best leaders in the state. Appropriate medals will be given to the winners.
‘Tiny’ Hill To Play For Mixer Tonight “Tiny Hill and his orchestra, one of the well known bands in the middle west, will play for the mixer in the Union ballroom tonight. Louis Putze, senior Union executive, lias invited all sophomore Union workers who petitioned for the junior vice-president offices to attend this mixer free as guests of the Union.
Engineer Staff To Meet Tuesday
All freshmen engineers who are interested in becoming members of the sophomore staff of the Purdue Engineer should report to the Engineer office in the Memorial Union Building at 4:15 p. m. Tuesday, according to D. D.^Baals, editor-in-chief of the Purdue Engineer. This applies to the business or editorial staff.
EE School To Give Courses This Summer Undergraduate and graduate courses comprising a full schedule will be offered by the electrical engineering school during the annual summer session which will begin on June 17 and continue through August 14. Regular staff members will administer the courses, which will allow both graduate and undergraduate students to either obtain supplementary work or complete their regular course in a shorter time. Drs. C. S. Roys and E. M. Sabbaugh will administer courses applicable to research and development problems. In addition to the more technical courses, the practical fundamentals of electrical engineering will be covered in various courses.
Institute Fee Set At $1 Per Session, Admission to the Purdue Institute on American Policy and Technology to be held June 21 to July 10 will be $1 per session instead of $1 per day as was erroneously stated a few days ago. This was the word yesterday from Professor F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president and director of the summer session and the institute. Sessions will be held morning, afternoon, and evening. Weekly tickets may be obtained for $6. The charges are made to defray part of the cost of conducting the Institute.
Walters Says Employment Situation Is “Much Better’
By J. C. Woodson “Very much better” was the brief comment made recently, in response to the employment question, by Dr. J. E. Walters, head of the Personnel Service. The question had to do with the summer employment possibilities for th6 undergrads and the business situation irj general. To the encouragement of perhaps a goodly percentage of the student body, the answers were very optimistic. Dr. Walters estimates that approximately one-third of the undergraduates haye already found positions with various firms this summer. All of which seems to prove that the notorious “corner” has been turned at last. Senior Employment The senior employment problem, always in the fore with the cordwearers at this season of the year, is even better. Already about 75 per cent of the future grads have been placed. According to the latest unofficial figures, the graduating list will include 403 engineers and 58 science students, and with about 110 companies, engineering and otherwise, vieing for their services, the prospects look very rosy indeed. In case you happen to be interested in getting a little practical experience this summer, something to temper the theory that you are supposed to have absorbed during the school year, it might be profitable for you to drop in at the Per-
Petition Goes Before Kizer Noble Kizer, director of athletics, will be visited Tuesday by Jack Goory, Claude Moore, and A. L. McColloum, track men and promoters of the petition circulated over the campus which protests the resignation of track coach Orval Martin. / President E. C. Elliott referred the group to Kizer, saying that he could do nothing until the matter had been taken up with the department concerned. Since Kizer was in Chicago yesterday, the track team is at the state meet today, and Monday is a legal holiday, further action will be delayed until Tuesday.
sonnel Office, located on the grotmd floor, north side of the new Executive Building. Dr. Walters, who graduated from the University in 1922, and received his Ph. D. degree from Cornell in 1934, is in charge of the University’s modern Personnel Service, originated in ’21 by Dean A. A. Potter. College Career Dr. Walters has been very active in student affairs sirlce the beginning of his college career. A member of Sigma Chi social fraternity, Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, and Iron Key, he served as President of the Student Union and received his B. S. M. E. in 1922, and his M. S. M. E. the following year. Landscape painting in oil is numbered among his accomplishments, and he finds recreation in golf and fishing.
Co-op Book Shop To Open Tuesday In an effort to provide a means for students to procure their textbooks at a minimum cost. University co-operative leaders have announced the opening of a student co-operative book exchange to begin June 1 in the Wesley Foundation House. The hours for the exchange will be from 4 to 5 p. m. and from 7 to 8 p. m. The exchange is limited to student members of the Wesley Foundation House, the co-operative houses, and the Purdue Student Alliance. The plan has received the approval of Dean M. L. Fisher.
Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Delta Rho fraternity announces the pledging of R. R. Lisius of Crown Point, and O. N. Bailey, of Anderson.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations, only three more issues of the Exponent will be published this semester. These issues will appear June 2 and 3, and June 5. The first issue of the Summer Session Exponent will appear June 17.
Announce Exam Hours For Co-eds
The Women’s Self (governing Association Judicial Board announced yesterday that the hours for all women students from May 30 to June 12, will be 11 o’clock every night during her finals. After finals are over the hours will be 12 o’clock except on Friday and Saturday evenings when the usual 1 o’clock hours will prevail.
Coulter WiU Give Memorial Day Address Memorial Day services will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m. tomorrow. Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the University, will deliver the salient address on “The Meaning Of Memorial Uay.” The University Concert Choir will sing “Cast Thy Burdens Upon The Lord,” from “Elijah,” by Mendelssohn, and John Brubaker will give as a solo “Open Your Eyes,” by Macfarlane. The organ prelude will be “Largo,” from the opera “Xerxes,” by Handel, and the postlude to be “War March Of The Priests” by Mendelssohn. President E. C. Elliott, Dean M. L. Fisher, Rev. T. F. Williams, H. W. Hughes, and J. H. Shoemaker will also take part in the program.
Committee Plans Faculty Forum Members of the recently ap-* pointed Committee on the Education of Women will hold a faculty forum on problems relating to the education of women at the Uni^^ersity on June 1, at 8:00 o’clock in room F of Memorial Union Building. The Conunittee invites all the members of the University staff to attend and participate in the discussion.
Tau Kappa Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon announces the pledging of G. R. Small and J. W. Small of Ambridge, Penn.
State Grants $75,000 For , Two Building Improvements Undergraduate students in physics courses will no longer bave^ their classes spread over the campus in various buildings, but will have all classes centralized in the Physics Building, if proposed construction plans are earned out. $75,000 Grant A grant of $75,000 to the University to build an addition to the Physics Building and an additioa to the Service and Stores Biiildiii$f was approved yesterday by the state budget committee. Two more fireproof stories will be added on to the basement in the rear of the present Physics Building proper, and this added floor space will be devoted to undergraduate and senior courses. The addition will include a large laboratory for engineering physics, a laboratory for the study of conduction of electricity through gases, a laboratory for gas technology, several smaller laboratories, and recitation halls. Physics Library 'The physics department library will also be housed in the proposed addition. Its present location in the Physics Building will be used for a classroom. Under these plans, both lecture and recitation rooms will be located in the building. All imdergraduate teaching will be concentrated here, and there will be no necessity for physics students to go to other buildings for classes. Plans are also under consideration for an addition of one or two stories to the Service and Stores building. This space will be used for storage and shops.
Residence Hall Co-eds Give Oosed Radio Dance Japanese lanterns swinging in the summery breezes softly illuminated the terrace at the Women’s Residence H^ll last night during the Hall radio dance. Over half of the girls living in the Hall attended the dance, which was strictly a closed affair. Barbara Sweeney was in charge of arrangements.
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Purdue University Schedule of Semester Examinations Second Semester, 1936-1937
Senior Classes End Saturday, May 29, 12 M., Other Classes End Tuesday, June 1,5 P. M. The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings: AD—Applied Design AE—Agricultural Engineering Ag—Agriculture AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry Agron—Agronomy ^ AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics ‘ B—^Biology . ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry EA—^Engineering Administration Ec—^Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—^English Ent—^Entomology FMgt—Farm Management p&N_Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry G—Michael Golden Shops GE—Genef al Engineering Geol—Geology Gov—Government Heav—^Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA-^Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hqrt—Horticulture
IM—Institution Management Math—Mathematics ME—Mechanical il^ngineering ML—Modern Languages MM—Materia Medica MT’—Military Training PE—^Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phar—Pharmacy PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phys—^Physics Poul—Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Sm—Smith Hall Univ—University Hall No. 2—^Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. ♦Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite. Period 1 ' MONDAY, MAY 31, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AM 102 AU B 172 All * ChE 220 All * ChE 222 ™,A11 * Chem 110 —All * Chem 110b ..All * Chem 122 All * CE 202 All CE301 DH 201 All * Ee 231 All... * Ed 135 All * Ed 152 All *
EE 124 All * Engl 107 AIL Phys 202 HA 7 ^ All * HA 8 AU HE 109,129 MTS All J!E129 MT 18 All * PEW 151 All * Phar 34 All : * Phys 119 All * Period 2 MONDAY, MAY 31,1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom AgCh 110 — AU Ag201 B 135 All * ChE 132 All * Chem 128 AU * DH 107 AU * DH 204 AU Sm 112 Ed 129 AU * Ed 176 AU « F&N 135 AU * For 108 AU * GE 108 A,J,K,N ME 108 GE 103 B,C,D_-_ CE201 GE 103 E-H J;E129 GE 103 I,L,M SC 211 Geol 124 AU * HA 110 AU Hort 18 All * Hort 22 AU A.g209 Phar 30b AU Phar 311 PhC 114 —All Phar 311 Phys 123 AU SC 4 Period 3 TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AD 102 AU « AE141 AU H<frt301 AH 21 AU ^209 AH 143 AU... Ag209 B 138 AU * Chem 132 AU DH114 AU Smll2 DH 203 AU Smll2 Ecl2 E,F Bee 313 Ed 33 AU * Ed 134 AU Ed 211 EE 148 AU * EE 202 AU JEE254 F&N 132 AU * For 41 All * Geol 3 All * HA 144 AU * Hort 120 —.AU Hort 301
ME 178 AU ME 3 ME 194a AU ME 108 MM 22 AU ME 207 Phys 112 AU J;E129 Phys 125 - AU * Poul 110 —AU * Period 4 TUESDAY, JUNE 1,1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom AD 105 AU * B 162 AU SC 211 ChE 106 AU * ChE 127 AU Heav 202 CE 176 AU * Ed 11b AU Ed 209 EE 8 AU EE 129 EE 14 AU EE 238 Engl 24 AU * For 112 AU Hort 301 HA 130 AU HE 108 PE 46 AU * PE 151 AU Ed 6 PEW 72 AU * Phar 202 AU Phar 311 Period 5 WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2. 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AD 60 AU * AD 106 AU * B 113 AU * B 137 AU SC 211 Chem 116 All Chem 106 Chem 280 —AU * Ec 12 D.w Bee 313 EE 146 All—’ * Engl 131 .—All * Engl 135 AU * Ent 32 AU * FMgt. 4 AU Agl04 Geol 122 AU Heav 202 IM 36 AU * ME 173 AU JEE129 ML 170a —All * PEW 81 —All * Phys 105 —All * Period 6 WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom AD 56 AU * AE 13 L.AU AE201.202 Agron 22 AU —Ag 20^ 2W
Agron 124 —AU * B 133 AU ChE 137 AU ChE 223 AU Heav 109 Chem 2 BA,BB Ed 201 Chem 2 BC-BM Ed 101 Chem 264 —AU Chem^ CE 6 AB SC 211 CE 6 C,D ME 108 CE 6 E,P ME 207 CE 6 G,H CE308 CE 6 I,J CE201 CE 222 AU CB301 Eel F. Rec 313 Ed 2a 0 Ed 203 Ed 17 B Ed 123 AU * EE 20 I-L,N,XN, XNA EE 129,134 EE 23 AU EB254 EE 225 AU EE254 EE 230 AU Jtogl 112 AU UnivU® Engl 116 C.D. * Engl 137 AU • Ent 6 AU * F&N 12 All For 10 AU For 29 AU SmH2 ML 127a AU * ML 167 AU * MT 6 A.B-^ Ann 103 MT 6 0,D__I Arm 105 JOT 6 EF Arm 104 MT 6 G,H Arm 201 MT 16 AU Arm 202 PE 22 AU Ed 208 PE 42 AU... Ed 204 PE 185 AU Mm PhO 222 AU Phys 2 A,Q-— ^G3Q1 Phys 2 B,N,0,R G201 Phys 2 C,D,G,H ^JMEIOS Phys 2 E,L ^CSiemlQfi Phys 2 FJM — Qm Phys 2 I.W Phys 2 .,.J,X .GlOl Phys 2 K..,. MB3 Phys 2 s,Y ^cgeioi Phys 22 -..,.A.N.Q .0304 Phys 22 B,0,P.R .0201 Phys 22 C,K MB3 Phys DM. Bm Phys 22 .Chem 106 Phys n .....OLW.. Phys202 Phys 2t..—H.jr,X 0101 phys^^ —s.mv.x PM 110
^ -A ' V J- Jk*,
■w,'*TWo
j J ' ^ ‘•‘>1 ' / '■'' , ^ *■ * ^ 1 " 4? 'Ji ¥ ' 'i '' THE pimPlTE EXPONENT
15%
$nrbue exponent
PonnOed in 18SS
■IBPIIKaBHTKn BOH NATIONM. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc Colitt* Pmblisktrs Repretentative 420 Madison ave. New York. n. Y. Chicaoo • Boston - san Francisco LOB AMOBUtS • PORTLAND - BEATTLS
^MUgiate
Altered u eeeond class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Ind^iu^ Delivered ^
Daily Student
Publication of Purdue University
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Biulnees Phone 6088
Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL STAFF
R. P. Manion
J. E. Brock
Ajssociate Editors Bold and Black Editor . . ..
D. A. Bailey, L. S. H.
Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, 1. Stsnback, D. R. Vance Beth McCool
Bnainess Manager — assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager . Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
BUSINESS STAFF
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard -W. .1. Gillilan R. R. Hensler
- -
M. C. Reeves
SPORTS STAFF
associate Editors .
McDonald, B. D. Witwer
WOMEN’S STAFF
Associate Editors
Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—W. A. Kroeplin
Meet Over Friendly Glasses Ask the graduating seniors to evaluate their college life for you; ask them to tell you what college has meant to them, what benefits they have derived from four years at the University. Not a few of them will reply that associations with professors and administrative officers, not in the classroom but. outside, have yielded the most important part of their college education. And it is these and other associations and friendships that will linger in their memories long after the schoolroom lessons have been forgotten. Any person will tell you that the events that stand out most vividly in his life concern personal contacts with important people . . . important to the individual at least. It is only natural that people, as such, are more interested in people than anything else. Let’s take an author, say Walter B. Pitkin, for example. Pitkin is a professor of journalism and psychology at Columbia University and the author of several books on popular psychology. You read a couple of his books and you remember parts of them for a time and gradually forget what you have read. Meet the author personally and talk to him for an hour, however, and you never forget the man, as a man. Meeting Dr. Pitkin . . . and Owen D. Young, Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, Amelia Earhart, Floyd I. McMurray, Col. Frederick I. Devereux, and other national leaders ... is exactly what Summer Session students are going to have an opportunity to do. In addition to addressing listeners of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology, June 21 to July 10, these personages will attend ‘‘relaxation hours” sponsored by the Student Union in order to allow institute visitors and students to become acuainted with them. These “relaxation hours,” conceived by Union Director L. M. Vallely, are merely informal gatherings of students with faculty members and institute speakers to last for the duration of the institute. Cool drinks will be served to visitors of the Memorial Union Building from 4:15 to 5 o’clock each afternoon, with certain of the institute lecturers to be special guests at each get-together. / , We think that with a little cooperation from the Summer Session students the idea will work out splendidly. We suggest that a similar arrangement be made for the coming semesters as an effort to effect better student-faculty relationships. Hot coffee would provide a suitable substitute for the cold drinks when the winter months roll around.
Leave The Tank Scraps To The Past A renewal of' the traditional “tank scraps” seemed a possibility earlier this week, but the spirit of revival passed away almost as suddenly as it emerged. Skull and Crescent has gone on record as emphatically opposed to all movements to reestablish the affair. The Exponent supports this stand.—D. G. T.
Romantic Traveling, But Dangerous
What adventurous youth has not dreamed of hiking down to the freight yards and stealing a ride to just nowheiye in particular? And what young man hitchhiking home from afar or to a distant job... journeying in this manner by preference or because of insufficient cash to travel more comfortably ... has not considered the possibilities of “riding the rods” as a faster and more appealing means of locomotion. Death rides the rails, however, even as it haunts the highways. More than 600 persons were killed and 1,700 injured while trespassing on freight trains last year, according to Jack Bryan, instructor at the University of Maryland who himself has covered some 15,000 miles via the freights, in the June issue of Globe. Losing their grip while trying to catch a ride, falling asleep on moving trains, freezing to death while riding outside in cold weather, and being electrocuted when riding on car tops over roads wired for electricity are a few of the many ways in which hoboes meet serious injury and sometimes death. University students who are thinking of using this method of travel during the summer vacation might remember that riding in freight cars'may be romantic, but the romance is more than balanced by the danger.
Closing Of Library On Memorial Day Not Motivated By Desire For A Holiday
To the Exponent Editor: I notice a comment in the Exponent of Thursday concerning the closing of the library on Memorial Day. Of course, such action was not motivated by a desire for a holiday on the part of the library staff. It has always been the custom to close on that day. It is one of five special days throughout the year when the library is closed and a statement to that effect will be found in every University catalog. The day is also listed in the University calendar as a “holiday.” If there m any general desire on the part of the student body to have this regulation modified there are ways provided for registering their wishes. Wm. M. Hepburn, Librarian.
Lambda Chi, LENNY DIEHL, discovered that he had lost his pin the other night after a date with EUNICE STEINKE ... she called up bright and early the next morning and told him that she’d fotmd it pinned to her clothing . . . HOW DID IT GET THERE? ? ... to say the least it is interesting . . .
MORON’S DICTIONARY: BRIDGE . . .
Rubber Game . Trick . , Card . Queens Kings . Tens . . Five... Heart . Shuffle Bid . . . Lose . . Finesse
. . . BurgUlar. . . arrived. . Math. 1. , . small wagon. . . . a fruit. . . bends in wire. . canvas houses, musical instrument. . . difficult. . . . furnace stoker. Gnawed off. . untied. ... end.
Varsity Closes Season Against Frosh Squad Today
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
-The BOMBAY BICYCLE BOYS
A CHEMICAL STREET SCENE Hi, my little chlorine, how about a date? Mind your bismuth or I’ll call a copper. If you knew me I know hydrate. You have a cast iron nerve. Isotope but I know when I’m kryptoiu Go duck up an alloy. —W. E. L.
As the grand finale to this year’s baseball season, Dutch Fehring’s varsity squad will meet ‘Pop’ Doan’s freshmen this afternoon at 3 o’clock on Intramural Field. The game will follow the season’s wind-up at Minneapolis where the Boilermakers and Minnesota met in a doubleheader yesterday. This year’s Varsity-Yearling scrap which is bound to develop the keenest kind of competition, will provide the first opportunity for the Boilermaker baseball fans to view the freshmen In action. The youngsters are being depended upon to bolster next year’s nine. The varsity batting order for tomorrow’s game has been announced to be Malysiak at center field. Baker in right, Lyboult second base, Breslin third. Dean at first, Poulos in left field, Thompson will play shortstop, Art Bredewater will do
a
the catching, and George will hurl.
that you’d better stick around a few days after school is out and keep track of “FRANKIE” ... it has been rumored that she is planning to attend the Farmers’ Ball with one DUKE ZINK. Signed, —A FRIEND.
‘It’s the Inquiring Reporter’s wife. She wants to know why you always send him to saloons to ask his questions.”
Dear SULLY MASON: This is just a note to let you know
It’s a draw this week ... I could not decide between AL’S Moron’s Dictionary and W. ED’S ... so I’ll leave a pass for each one by noon tomorrow at the Union desk . . ..
Next week . . . Something new and different for the double MARS PASSES . . .
Split Infinitives Before Breakfast To Stay Healthy
Spokane, Wash.—If some people would split infinitives for a half an hour before breakfast every morning, it might do them a lot of good. It certainly is permissible to frequently split an infinitive and oc-
casionally to use a preposition to end a sentence with, said Prof. Walter Barnes, of New York University, to the Inland Empire Education Association. To “cultivate a more comfortable language,” the English professor advised the cutting of grammatical corners.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
to i
6^
Some salami to eat when your money runs out A waitress* uniform^l^^^lb. not for use on a movie lot. An electric flat-iron. One pair sturdy wallet no shoes
A return ticket
(for pounding pavements and hitch-hiking.
Five
Paris evening gowns, roadster.
thousand-dollar checking account, for premieres.
A long, low, imported A personal maid. ^ An ermine wrap
0^
first see what kind of a place Hollywood is behind-the-scenes. See both sides of movie-making—the hilarious comedy and the jealousy, the gay madness and the bitterness.
JANET
//
TOMORROW
GAYNOR "““MARCH A STAR IS BORN
//
MARS
The First Modem Picture in TECHNICOLOR WITH ADOLPHE MENJOU • MAY ROBSON ANDY DEVINE • UONEL STANDEE
LAST DAY
Madge Evans Lewis Stone
in
‘The 13th Chair”
V
..I.,IV
It
1 ^ T , ‘ ■^ >* ' / ' ' I"- - ^
ll|"!P|'!IU;W '• ‘' y J -* a.^ ;
^ '•' '* J !f '] h.1 1 J ^ ^
Mig
*•-' .''''« ‘•%, •'.»&'« .!g®
'f,*, •I'^.;, > ;-?^'H'%“■->
PURDUE SPLITS TWIN BILL WITH GOPHERS
Win First TUt, 3-1, With No Errors; Lose Second
With a dazzling exhibition of real honest-to-goodness baseball, the Boilermaker baseball nine came through in their final game of the season to split a double-header With the Minnesota Gophers yesterday afternoon at Minneapolis. Playing the brand of ball which they are capable of, but which they have l5een slow to exhibit, the Riveters ran the Gophers back in their hole at the end of the first game, on the short end of a 3-1 score after 12 innings of nearly perfect baseball technique. No Errors Arnold Bredewater pitched the best game of his career for the Boilermakers, allowing only three hits. Backing him up, in both the mfield and outfield, were eight hard fighting Gold and Black men who went through the entire twelve innings without a single error. But back came the Gophers from their holes for the second game, cooled, refreshed, and determined to find a flaw in the steel of the Boil-
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
Jane Withers and —and— Slim Summerville
‘Can This Be Dixie’ —and— Edmund Lowe and Gloria Stewart
‘Girl on the Front Page’ —also— “Silly Symphony Cartoon”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Legion of Terror”
‘Vengeance of Rannah’'
‘Undersea Kingdom’
ermaker defense, which was case hardened by their determination to win a double victory. First Glen Downey went out of the box under the ruthless pressure of the Minnesota drive. Then “Lefty” Martin and Carroll Mangas. But the Boilermaker fieldmen Were determined that the Minnesota squad would not be successful in their drive. They continued their faultless play and recorded but one error, but the Gopher squad was too strong and the Riveters ended the game on the short end of a 7-8 s^ore.
Chapline, Lucek Reach Ward Tennis Finals
Allen Chapline, freshmen engineering student, and J. G. Lucek, captain of the varsity squash squad have survived the preliminary eliminations in the Ward tennis singles tournament and will meet in the finals Monday, May 31, to decide the winner of the intramural award for the championship. Defeating Dan Meyer, 6-1, 6-4, in the semi-final match Thursday evening, Chapline was elevated into the final round of the tournament, and is given an even chance of defeating his more experienced op ponent.
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each
Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Penns3^1vania Lawn Mowers.
J. SPERB HDW.
822 Main
THE SCREEN’S MOST EXCITING LOVERS PLAY LOVE’S AkoST EXCITING GAME,..
Romantic os moonlight on the Seine! Luxuriovs os orchids on ermine!
HELEN WESTLEY CHARLESWINNINGER
Starts TOMORROW
LUMA
LAST TIMES TODAY Rochelle Hudson in “That I May Live”
—«nd— James Melton
“Melody for Two”
Elect New Intramural
Managers
Elections for Intrainural managers last night brought a new crew to aid “Chief” Clevett in his many tasks about the “busiest office” on the Campus. Herb Boyer, Beta Theta Pi, was elected as junior manager and will take over his office starting the second semester of next year. Sophomores Acting as sophomore aides to Boyer will be T. C. Cravens, another representative of the Beta’s, and H. F. Luchtman, Phi Kappa Tau, while M. A. Keller, Delta Chi, and R. C. Johnson, Phi Kappa Tau, will act as alternates. For the first semester of next year J. Greenis, Tau Kappa Epsilon will be acting junior manager, with C Metz, Phi Kappa Sigma, and C. Boyd, Beta Theta Pi as his sophomore assistants. New Insignia Starting next semester the student members of the Intramural ofiice will have their long awaited wish granted, for the “Chief” has promised a new Black and Gold Intramural insignia to replace the old white one now being worn. The new insignia will consist of the let ters Mgr. and the numerals of the individual in black and gold on chenille material.
Sigma Alpha Mu Captures Tennis Singles Trophy
ielder^s**.* • ♦.\choice » By Bill Fifield —
Phi Delta Theta Wins
Greek Baseball Trophy
Perhaps the student does not know all of the details, and perhaps I am a bit prejudiced; but from all I have been able to learn on the campus, most of the students think it is a shame that “Orv” Martin has resigned as track coach . . . It is quite obvious that Purdue is lacking in track material because of poor facilities ... Even at that Martin has (been d^ivleloplng a team which with the help of the Field House promises to be fairly strong next year . . . However, the University has employed a new track coach . . . that can not be helped . .. . The petition objecting to Martin’s resignation was presented to Doctor Elliott yesterday, and it will be presented to Nobe Kizer next week ... The real value of the petition is in showing to the public the interest the student body takes in athletics and their feelings toward Coach Martin . . .
-fc-
Defeated in the finals of the interfraternity doubles tournament. Sigma Alpha Mu came through with an easy victory last night to take the class “A” singles matches from Phi Delta Theta. Fuente, playing fox Sigma Alpha Mu, downed Berg of the Phi Delt’s 6-1, 6-2. Incidentally these tw6 boys will meet again next week in the finals of the freshmen singles tournament.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Competition for the intramural trophy between the Phi Delt’s and the Phi Psi’s IS getting plenty stiff. Last night the Phi Delt’s won the baseball competition, even with two Phi Psi’s umpiring . . . the former lost in the finals of the class “A” tennis singles . . . the Phi Psi’s are in the lead by five points for the participation trophy, but they are out of the one event that has not yet been completed . . . the Phi Delt fraternity have the Triangles to beat before going to the finals of Class “B” tennis doubles, for which the victor gets five points. —fc—
At South Bend this afternoon the universities of Indiana will meet to decide who will be state champion in track . . . last year the Boiler makers came through with a third. —^fc—
Judging from the type of pitching that “Cec” Isbell did last night against the Alpha Gamma Rho’s and the other games he pitched during this season, it seems that the varsity baseball team has been overlooking a first class pitcher . . . . perhaps the Phi Delt’s will consent to play an exhibition game with the varsity.
By B. D. Witwer
Cecil Isbell pitched and batted the Phi Delts to an 8-1 victory over the Alpha Gamma Rho’s yesterday afternoon to clinch the inter-fra-ternity baseball championship, Isbell started out festivities in the last half of the first inning by smashing out a triple which brought in Parmalee, who had been walked, for the first marker. Brock, the catcher, was next at the plate and he preceded to mark up a hit which brought Isbell home for the second run. Not satisfied with only a duo of runs. Gene Anderson took advantage of his time at bat to get a line drive which the Alpha Gamma Rho shortstop tossed over the first baseman’s head and allowed Brock to score the third and last run of the inning. Score Five In Third Having thus gotten away to a good start, the game went along without any more runs until the last of the third when the Phi Delts again turned on their power and pushed five runs across to make the score 8-0.
kiAiil
STARTING SUNDAY Double Feature
TODAY That Girl 1 The Gold From Paris I Racket
MIDNITE PREVUE Tonite 11:30
‘Too Many Wives’'
MOMIY CEME lOCKHARr
A picture as big as the love it glorifies! The magnificent story that changed a million readers’ lives!
filmed,hi': thy hrttdueem uf "‘Aiithuny Adperse", with .
Waljef Abel* Henry. O'Neil! * A Frank Borzage Production.
W«!‘K*f lif Max
The Alpha Gamma Rho’s started a rally in the fourth which netted them one run, and then sank into oblivion. The Phi Delt’s were passive in their half of the inning and Isbell was the only one to gamer a hit, making his batting average for the game 1.000. Isbell went on to demonstrate his pitching prowess in the last inning by striking out the three Alpha Gamma Rho batters who tried to make up for lost time but were unable to hit his inspired hurling. The Alpha Gamma Rho’s did not win the championship by defeating the S. A. E.’s Wednesday, as stated in yesterday’s Exponent, but won the finals round of the loser’s bracket and gained the chance to play the Phi DeltS) victors in the winners’ division, for the title.
Purdue Ends Track Season At State Meet
Coach “Orv” Martin’s cinder squad will take to the road this morning to travel to Notre Dame where it will meet all of the track strength in Indiana in the annual state track meet.
With Indiana, Notre Dame, and Purdue as the outstanding teams in the meet, veteran prophets of the outcome of such meets have already given Indiana first place, Notre Dame second, and Purdue third, and the other schools vieing for the other places. Indiana is picked to take most of the track events and the Irish are slated to capture honors in the field events. Purdue is rated to take high places in the 220 yard low hurdles, the 120 yard high hurdles, and the high jump.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
^SUDDEN ^RVICE
□
P
RINTING
Offfe* SMonesy . c tfmidliie invthriloM
PHONE - , «^62 8 CASSEL*S 40SHERRi
Eighteen men will represent the Boilermakers in this last contest of the season and will endeavor to upset the predictions of the sport’s writers and nose out Notre Dame in the final compilation of points.
MkllLY-
SUNDAY — MONDAY
Their love roused a tempesl of furious haieJ
Adolph Zukor pwMini
Claudette COLBERT Fred M>cMURRAT «a Frank Lloyd's
MJkin OW SALEM"
LAST DAY Paul Kelly
‘Way Out West’ —.1 Jane Baxter In “April Romance”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Rehearsals for Dance Revue
SATURDAY, MAY 29
Children enrolled in ballet or tap classes from Sept, to this date, and wishing to take part in our r^vue report Saturday at usual time.
Classes in our Summer School lor children and adults in Ballet and Tap open Friday, June 18.
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
Sth and F«rry
Ij yr" <
W
j-'THE PimDUE EX^^NEJNT
Saturday. May 29,1937
''
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:80—just Kids. 11:30—HiRh School Guest, West Lafayette Hifrh School. 12:00—Market Reports. 12 :16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines, T. K. Nosb. 12:45—Tune Time—Charles Powell. 1 ;00—The R.adi6 Stage. 1:30—St. Boniface School Band. 1 ;46r-Saturday Musical Review. 2:00-^Campus Varieties. —MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions. 11 :60“—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. C. T. Gregory and Henry Mayo. 12:16—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:80—Athletic Review, Bob Heine. 12:46—Market and Weather Reports. —TUESDAY 11:00—Morning Melodies, Enid Wilson. 11:15—Men of Vision. 11:30—Principles of Bookkeeping, L. G. Minier. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. i 12 :30—Scientific News Review. / 12:45—Market and Weather Rejiorts. 1:00—Dental Forum. 1:15—Radio Travel Review. 1 :S0:—Jimmy Woodruff. 1:45—Organ Melodies. Helen Dowhin.
Beacon Company Offers Prizes For Best Poems Five hundred dollars is being offered by the Beacon Publications in prizes for contributions to their annual anthology to be entitled “Chi’istmas Anthology of 1937.” A first prize of $50 will go for the best poem published or unpublished regardless of theme. The contest was planned to obtain additional poetry for the anthology. Manuscripts should contain a self-* addressed stamped envelope and must be sent to the Beacon Publications, 154 Nassau street, New York City by August 1, 1937.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
KEYS Keys for Trunks, door locks^ Desk locks, 'Night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and Handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
Dean, Mrs, Potter Honor Lt. Colonel, Mrs. Brewer Dean and Mrs. A. A. Potter honored Lieut. Colonel and Mrs. Carlos Brewer with a dinner party Thursday evening at their home at 1012 Stadium avenue. Following the dinner, they held a formal reception at which members of the military department and other friends were guests. Mrs. C. B. Jordan, wife of the dean of the pharmacy school, and Mrs. Dwight O’Ferrall poured coffee at the reception. Lieut. Colonel Brewer and his family are leaving here in June for Madison Bari’acks, N. Y., where he has been transferred.
—National League— , Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh 20 10 .666 New York 20^, 13 .606 St. Louis 17 14 .549 Chicago 17 16 .515 Brooklyn 14 15 .483 Boston 13 16 .448 Philadelphia 13 19 .406 Cincinnati ............ 10 21 .328 Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 10; St. Louis, 3. Cincinnati, 3; Chicago, 12. No other games scheduled. —American League— Won Lost Pet. New York 19 11 .633 Detroit .................. 19 14 .576 Cleveland 15 12 .555, Philadelphia .15 13 .536 Boston 14 13 .518 Chicago 14 16 .466 Washington 14 19 .424 St. Louis 9 21 .300 Yesterday’s Results Washington, 0 ; Boston, 7. Chicago, 3; Cleveland, 2. St. Louis, 5-2; Detroit, 6-7. Two games. Philadelphia-New York. Rain.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phohtf 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L*.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry South Third Street
R. J. BATH Watch Maker Main Street
The thinUng fellow eoUo A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Klaek Can for Special Oeeaaiona tSe per passenger any part of tlM city 5023 PHONES SOTt YELLOW CAB CO.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
By all means wear those wonderfully cool Summer garments that mean so much to your comfort during warm weather. Don’t worry about keeping them clean-*—leave that to us. Our thrifty prices make it easy on your budget to have them laundered as often as necessary. And remember, you always feel cooler in freshly laundered clothes. PHONE 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY
PIA Closes Seasoii With Dance In Union Closing its social season for the year with a tea dance in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building today, the Purdue Independent Association will feature the music of the P. I. A. orchesfta. J. Robert Shinn will direct the orchestra Which has been enlarged by five new members and also by B. K. Wiesner, who will whistle a few melodies during the course of the dance. One person of each couple must have a membership card for admittance to the dance which will last from 3:30 until 5:30 p. m. .
Traffic Officers’ Course Postponed Due to unforeseen circumstances, the Traffic Officers’ Short Course, originally scheduled to be held here from June 7 to 12, has been postponed until later in the year, according to an announcement made yesterday by Prof. W. A. Knapp, in charge of engineering extension. The new dates for the course, which is under the joint direction of the Purdue Public Safety Institute and the Traffic Safety Division of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, will be announced as soon as they are definitely decided upon.
Theta’s Defeat Chi O’s In Tennis Doubles Finals Theta’s Lucy Demoret and Mary E. Decker won in the final's of the W. A. A. intramural tennis doubles tournament yesterday afternoon on the women’s courts. They defeated Chi O’s Kathryn Merritt and Georgia Walker 6-4, 6-2.
Ambition Causes His, Says Psychiatrist Berkeley, Cal.—Ambition causes much of the physical illness in this country, declared Dr. Amy Stannard University of California psychiatrist, in agreement with a statement recently issued by Dr. Porter 'Vinson of the Medical College of Virginia. The desire to better one’s lot, the Virginia doctor had originally noted Virginia doctor had originally noted, mosphere of speed and harassment until he is nervously exhausted and ruined for happiness he might find in his own sphere. “This does not prove, however, that ambition is unhealthy in itself,” Dr. Stannard asserted. “l am certain that Dr. Vinson does not imply that one should riot have any ambition. What he does mean is that an individual’s ambition should be aimed at a reasonably attainable^ goal rather than at a goal adopted from someone else’s ideas of what' he should be.”
Well Kepi Personal Appearance is a not a Lnxnry
Lei' Crown Cleaning service keep yolir clothes clean and. well pressed. CROwfi Laundry FINE C LEAN £ RS O F F I N E C L O T H E S
Three Students Receive Their Pilot’s License Capt. L. I. Aretz, University airport operations manager, announced yesterday that several local pilots received licenses, and five airplanes were relicensed by Capt. Frank Estill, bureau of air commerce inspector. Among those who received licenses are two students from the University; 0. H. Skinner, who was given a private license, and Howard Dostal, who received an amateur license. Otho McCrackin, who was unable to take the test when Capt. Estill was at the airport, flew to Indianapolis yesterday afternoon and received his transport license at the municipal airport there. Two students, J. Wi Daugherty and H. R. Ebbeler, accompanied him on the trip, which was made in a Waco F.
NOTICES Na Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house. ”■ —BAKER.
Military Students—Any freshman or sophmore who was awarded a medal in the Best Soldier contest may have the same by calling in the Supply Room. Please get them as soon as possible. —WHISTLER.
N. Y. A. Workers—N. Y. A. checks for the period ending May 10 are now available in the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE. Basic Military Students—Any basic stu-
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafsyetts
dent who has not turned in his uniform should do so before May 29 at noon. —WHISTLER.
A. S. M. E. Seniors—Get letters from Eddie at instrument room in steam laboratory by June 4. —WELDY.
Skull and Crescent-—Sophomores who ordered keys get them at the Sigma Phi Epsilon House. Others may order at any time before June 8. —HARDIN.
Purdue Plying Club—All ship payments and fees must be in by June5 . —DOSTAL.
Engineering Students — Students who have copies of Engineering Physical Metallurgy may obtain additional pages after
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BWK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RUK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultx Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, biit we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
4 p. m. Friday afternoon, June 4 in room 114 of Heavilon Hall. —HEYER.
P. E. W.—Locks should be turned in May 31 and June 1. ^ —HAZELTON.
iP. E. W. Horseback Ridingr—The practical test in horseback riding will be bedd at 4 p. m. May 31 in the Women’s Gymnasium. Wear riding clothes. —HAZELTON.
GENERAL ELECTRIC
The best looking’ fan you’ve^ ever seen! Throws it’s cooling breezes fat and wide. May be placed anywhere to pro'vide cool, refreshing ''omfort at the touch of a switch. - *Now on display in our store. Available in three sizes: SMALL, MEDIUM, LARGE. Prices start at $18.45.
HAYWOOD’S 5th and Ferry Sts.
F riedman*c FINE FOODS ^ 8th and Main. Lafayette PHONES 3021 & 3022—WE DELIVER
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MAJHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. EbershofF, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
The SEMINAR
*■„, coUege men „„ickly
Tutor—Mathematics and Applied Mechanics. C. H. Clevenger, M.S., 236 Harrison street. West Lafayette.
Work Wanted—To exchange for room. Charles Hamilton, 41804.
Name Cards—36 for 25c; programs, tickets, posters, letters, etc. Kane's Print Shop, 401 South 29th. Phone 5205.
College Students Wanted — For sales and educational work. Salary and commission to start. Must have car to covei’ R. F. D. routes in northern Indiana. Personal supervision of sales training provided. - Write for personal interview to George Hoopingarner, 109 N, Washington street, Warsaw, Indiana.
For Rent—Prom June 10 to September 10, or for Summer Session, a modern two-room apartment with kitchenette. Inquire 333 S. Grant.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119^2 Vine West LafRyette PhoB* 4965 •
for college language qW® ^
vice to whom a rap
is imperative. „ _ iwo hours a <lay Y ^ IntKeBerliuSem™^- ^ learn "'°t tastruction, or in groups 4 V to 7 ”T’^r*inW in the tobegin any n^y Y accent. \ . {rom the ^'’"“SrdS.VouspeaMhenev.ton.ue
language Study, w
nu- <rn this summet? The :why not stud, iu ®:Xencehetwee-.j“'> ‘
scHool